/ I
Purdue
Z-186
Exponent
Lafayette. Indiana
SUNDAY
May 21, 1939
Vol. 50
No. 188
Rain Forces Cancellation Of Illinois Tilt; Iowa Wins By Rolfe Jenkins Exponent Sports Editor Urbana, 111., May 20—^Rain washed another game off the rec^ ^ ords for Purdue here today after the Boilermakers and the Illini had played an inning and a third of the second game in their series. The Boilermakers, while idle, remained in a tie with T Michigan for third place in the Big Ten.
Faculty Will Fete HE Seniors Today Home economics seniors will be j guests of their instructors at a breakfast this morning at 8:45 in the Union faculty lounge. This affair is given annually by the home economics faculty. t Following the breakfast Miss Edith Gamble, head of the institution management department, will welcome the seniors, and Margaret Johnson, a member of the graduat- ^ ing class, will present the response. Dorothy C. Stratton, dean of women, and Mary L. Mathews, dean of the home economics school, will give short talks to the seniors. Vocal selections by Carolyn Wood, and gi^oup singing will also be included on the program. f Food for the breakfast was planned by Miss Ardath Unrau, of the institution management department. Miss Marian Willoughby, clothing and textiles, was in charge of the decorations, and Miss Evelyn Krause, foods and nutrition, made arrangements for the program. ' Alpha Lambda Delta Postpones Initiation r Alpha Lambda Delta, scholastic honorary for freshmen co-eds, will hold initiation on Sunday morning, May 28, at 8:30 o’clock. The initia- ^ tion, which was originally scheduled for today, was postponed due to the numerous other activities on the campus this week end. f Opal Blagrove and Eleanor Vansickle, who were unable to attend pledging on April 27, have recently ^ received their pledge ribbons from Joyce Burnham, president of the honorary. After initiation, election of offi- ^ cers will be held following which breakfast will be served in the Old Chestnut room of the Union. Jane Horn is in charge of arrangements. Plan All Campus > Religious Week Plans for an all-campus Religious Emphasis Week to be held next fall j were announced today by a committee composed of 100 student and faculty members. The plans include speeches by a number of religious leaders including E. Stanley Jones of India, T. Z. Koo, of China, and Muriel Lester of England. These speakers, and others, have been sent by the Federal Council of Churches of Christ in America to various campuses of the country during the past two years. Prof. €. S. Doan was elected by the Purdue Committee as permanent chairman of the week, and W. J. Harris as the student co-chair-man.
Kappa Psi...
. . . pharmacy honorary, held its annual banquet Thursday night. May ^ 18, in the home economics building. Robert Krantz, Phar. ’39, acted as toastmaster and the principal speakers were Kiefer Elliott of the V Kiefer-Stuart Drug Co., and Earl Goodnight, Lafayette druggist. Entertainment was provided by skits featuring the new initiates. \
Somoza, Nicaragua Air Show To Draw 15,000 President, To Visit , , , Campus Thursday To Airport This Afternoon
Iowa trounced the Wildcats today to sweep the two-game series and keep its precarious first place position by half a game, with seven wins and two losses. Indiana, by walloping the Buckeyes 14-2, held second place with a 7-3 record. Purdue and Michigan each have 5-3. Rain, Rain, Go Away The rain today was particularly disappointing to the Boilermakers, who now have only two more conference games to play in their bid for the Western Conference championship. However, it is not the first time this season that rain has thwarted Purdue plans. First it was the long-planned Pittsburgh Pirate game which was rained out. Then the conference opener at Iowa was cancelled because of rain, decreasing the schedule to 11 games. Today’s was the third cancellation. Now, with only two games remaining and both of those with Michigan, the Boilermakers must win both and hope that Iowa loses both its remaining games and that Northwestern loses at least one. If Iowa wins either game this coming week it will cinch at least a tie for first with Indiana, and if the Hoosiers drop a game the Hawkeyes will win the crown. Begin In Rain It began to sprinkle lightly just as the game got under way today. Hearne opened with a fly to Mazeika. Dickinson struck out. Mackiewicz was thrown out at first. Emmert walked the first two Illinois batters, Mazeika and Hapac. However, he regained his control to set the next three men down in order. Drish, who got three of the six hits for Illinois yesterday, flew to Dickinson and the next two batters popped out. A heavy downpour had begun by this time, and after Yeager lined out to Hapac, Zeller threw a couple in to Stamm before the umpires called the game temporarily. It was hoped that the game might be continued after the rain stopped, but the diamond soon became flooded and the contest was officially can-
celled.
Science Academy Hears Economist Speak On Tariffs Removal of tariff barrier and promotion of reciprocal trade treaties was advocated by Joseph Apodaca, in an address before the Indiana Academy of Social Sciences yesterday in the Union building. Apodaca, associate economist of the foreign agriculture service of the U. S. Department of Agriculture, spoke at the final session of the Academy’s two-day conclave. At the business session yesterday noon, with more than 100 in attendance, Prof. Harold Zink, head of the political science department at DePauw University, was elected president of the Academy for the coming year. Prof. J. M. Peeling, Butler University; Lawrente Hurst, Ball State College; and A. L. Prickr ett, Indiana University, were elected vice-presidents; Prof. E. E. Edwards, Indiana University, was reelected secretary. Apodaca declared that the way to strengthen economic and cultural ties between the United States and the Latin American countries is to remove barriers to a large volume of trade with these countries. The Academy is an association of social science teachers in colleges throughout the state.
Arrangements have been completed for the visit of President Anatasio Somoza of Nicaragua on Thursday, May \ 25. On his arrival here, he ^ will be greeted by a 21 gun salute and the Military Band. He will place a wreath on the grave of John Purdue. President Elliott will greet the Central American executive. Afterward, the visiting party will be guests at a luncheon in the Union. Governor M. Clifford Townsend and Lieut. Governor Henry F. Schricker have been invited to attend and to participate in the exercises.
Study Livestock
The afternoon will be devoted to a study of livestock on the University farm. Two bushels of prize Indiana corn will be presented to President Somoza. While the men are studying livestock, Mrs. Somoza and daughter. Miss Lilian, and Mrs. Leon Debayle, wife of the Nicaraguan minister to the United States, will visit the women’s residence halls. Home Economics Building, and the Elliott home. The entire party will depart for Chicago via Logansport at four o’clock. From there they are bound for the San Francisco World’s Fair. Luis DeBayle, a nephew of Mrs. Somoza, and of Minister DeBayle, is a sophomore in chemical engineering here. He, with his mother, who is visiting here, will also be
special guests.
Lieut. Mike Murphy
Police Search State For Missing Student According to information received yesterday from the Indiana State Police, no progress has been made in locating William E. Prescott, freshman engineer, who disappeared from Cary Hall last Tuesday. Police said, however, that a state-wide wanted call had been issued for him. All radio cars have been instiucted to join in the search. Friday, a number of University students assisted police in searching the Happy Hollow district for the missing student, believing he may have been way laid there. Prescott was a resident of Cary Hall, North.
Set Friday As Deadline For Senate Petitions' For Next Year's Seats
Present sophomore and freshmen students who wish to run for sophomore and junior seats next fall must file petitions in the Senate office in the Union building before the deadline set at 5 p. m. Friday, May 36. A 3.5 scholastic index is required for eligibility. Nine junior and eight sophomore seats will be filled by this election; the other seven junior seats have already been filled by appointment. All of the present nine junior members will be carried over as next year’s senior senators. Under the recent Senate reorganization there will be no freshman members and sophomore and junior senators will be apportioned in the following manner: Science, 1; mechanical engineering, 1; electrical engineeiring, 1; civil engineering, public service engineering, and trade and industrial engineering (combined), 1; chemical and metallurgical engineering, 1; agriculture, 1; pharmacy and physical education (combined), 1; and home economics, 1. The seven sophomores and nine juniors that have been appointed to next year's seats will be announced at annual banquet to be held Tuesday evening in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. The following new senior officers of the Senate will be formally installed at the banquet: Herb Fishburn, president; Martin Estey, vicepresident; Louise Daniel, secretary; and Bill Hart, treasurer. Cai-alysf' To Hold Banquet The annual chemical engineering senior-faculty banquet will be held Tuesday, May 23, at 6:16 p. m. in the Union ballroom. It will be in the form of a razz banquet, and a box for contributions will be placed in the office of Dr. C. L. Lovell, professor of chemical engineering. Tickets for the banquet may be purchased from Bob Voight, Ed Janusz, Dr. Lovell, and Earl Tynes.
Mike Murphy’s Aces Headline Program "Whitie” Stein To Give Bat Wing Exhibition With the weather bureau’s prediction of fair weather today, 15,000 spectators are expected to set a record attendance mark at the 11th annual University Airport-American Legion air show this afternoon. An exhibit of model airplanes will be shown this morning. There will be competition in the two divisions, gas-iK)wered and scale models, for prizes totaling $100.
Staff Members Attend Speech Convention staff and graduate student members of the Speech Clinic attended the annual meeting of the Indiana Speech Correction Association yesterday at Indiana University. Dr. M. D. Steer, president of the association, presided at the afternoon session, and E. K. Jerome, association secretary, gave a paper on “Problems of Voice Training” during the morning session. Others who attended the meeting were: Mildred Templin, James IV^ddox, B. Schanger, Charles Major, Opal Emmons, Janette Morris, Ruth Karslake, and Harry Mason. Main feature of the afternoon was the presentation of a man who has been both deaf and blind since four years of age but has now been
taught to speak.
Wesley Forum... . . . will sponsor discussions by four seniors at the Foundation House this evening. They will describe ways in which they plan to use Christian principles in their professions. This meeting will be a sequel to the year’s research of the Epworth League into ^oblems con-
fronting Christians.
Those seniors taking part in the discussion are: Marie Byers, Frances Overstreet, Jim Dinius, and Cecil Warner. The meeting will begin at 6:30 with Don Goings as chairman and Katherine Shearer in charge of the worship service. 35 Couples... . . . swayed to the recorded music of Russ Morgan and his orchestra at the final PIA tea dance yesterday afternoon in the Union ballroom. PIA officials blamed the small attendance on Friday night’s Prom and late hours.
Lieut. Mike Murphy, who recently captured stunt flying honors at the Memphis Cotton Carnival air show, will headline the afternoon’s program. Starting promptly at 2:30 o’clock, the three members of Murphy’s Flying Aces, made up of Murphy, Commander Efi Leach, and William Moose, ^ill fly over the field in a spectacular “bursting bomb effect” with the three ships describing circles, arcs, and other geometric designs in the air. Bat Flyer Earl (Whitie) Stein, internationally famed bat wing parachute jumper and the successor to Clem Sohn, who died in France two years ago in an ill-fated flying jump, will be on hand with his gravity defying stunt of flying through the air with canvas wings strapped to his
back.
Bill Sweet, who handles the announcing at the National Air Races in Cleveland every year and one of the few nationally recognized air race announcers, has been engaged for that job here, Capt. Aretz, director and manager of the air show, announced. Cleveland C. Hyde, University student and licensed glider pilot, .who drew high praise at the National Air Races in Cleveland, 0., this year, will put his motorless craft through a series of intricate stunts, after being towed high in the air by an airplane and then casting off the tow rope. Military Maneuvers At 3 o’clock, Mike Murphy will demonstrate every flying stunt used for exhibition and military maneuvers. He and Leach will then give an exhibition of combat flying tricks in an aerial dog fight high over the airport. Military, reserve, national guard, and naval crafts will demonstrate formation flpng and will be on display on the ground for public inspection afterwards. Other highlights of the show will be dead stick aerobatics, sky writing, landing an airplane on top of an automobile, and military plane formation fijring. C.A. Ellis Speaks at NWU Convo On Bridge Ereclion Professor C. A. Ellis, of the Civil Engineering school, spent the weekend in Chicago, where he spoke at a convocation of the engineering faculty and the students of Northwestern University on “Erection of Cantilever Bridges.” He also introduced Frederick Farr, CE ’39, who was presented a membership in the Illinois Section of the American Society of Civil Engineers for his outstanding work.
Music Room Concert To Feature Soloists, Ensembles Today Soloists and ensembles from the University orchestra will present this afternoon’s music room program at 4 o’clock. Semi-classical numbers will be the theme of the entire concert. Included on the program will be solos on the trombone, trumpet,) flute, oboe, piccolo, and bells. There will he trios of flutes, trombones, and triple tongueing trumpeteers. Selections will also be presented by a mixed brass quartet as well as a clarinet quartet and duet. Specialty numbers are to be provided by the soprano bazooka, tantivy bugle, and cobra clarinet. Popular Concert Last semester the University orchestra presented one of the most popular music room programs of the year. This is the first appearance of the soloists this semester. Accompanying and directing the groups will be Robert Phillips, head of the University orchestra. Today’s program will conclude the Sunday afternoon concerts which have been planned throughout the year by Thais Crepps and John Richardson, Union vice-presi-dent. Over 4,000 people have attended the programs this year. Musical Organizations Will Banquet Thursday All members of the concert choir, glee club, and University choir are invited to attend a banquet given by the combined organizations on Thursday evening. May 25, at 6:30 at Lincoln Lodge. During the evening, managers and treasurers of the musical clubs will be elected for next year, and the senior musical award will be presented. Albert P. Stewart, directcw of music, is in charge of the banquet. He has asked all members of musical organizations who are interested in attending the banquet to sigrn up in the Fowler Hall office. FACULTY The regular monthly meeting of the Faculty will be held on Monday, May 22, at 4 p. m. in Stanley Coulter Hall. A full attendance is expected. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT. President.
Air Show Program 8:30 a. m. to 11:00 a. m.—Model airplane contest. 2:30 p. m.—Opening number, pilots Moose, Leach, and Murphy in Travelair Specials and Waco Taperwing 330 h. p. Special. 2:46 p. m.—Dead stick aerobatics, pilot Bill Moose in 220 h. p. Travelair Special. 3:00 p. m.—Crazy flying, pilot Mike Murphy in 60 h. p. Piper Cub. 3:10 p. m.—Sky writing, pilot Ed Leach in 260 h. p. Travelair Special. 3:26 p. m.—Landing cub airplane on top auto, pilot Mke Murphy flying 60 h. p. Piper Special. / j / 3:40 p. m.—Trio number, Moose, Leach, and Murphy in Travelair Specials and Waco Taperwing 330 h. p. Special. 4:00 p. m.—330 h. p. number, pilot Mike Murphy. 4:30 p. m.—-Bat wing parachute jump, Whitey Stein.£dibfuaL
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
JioatuhoA.
Sunday# May 21# 1939
JV
News of the Week
• King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Set Foot on Canadian Soil • Dies Committee Subpoenas Four For Un-American Activities • Swedish Flyer Lost On Trans-Atlantic Flight • Snyder Sets New Record At Speedway Time Trials • Guardsmen Fire On Miners in Harlan District ! FOREIGN King George VI... ... and Queen Elizabeth set a new precedent lastWednesday when they stepped from the liner, Empress of Australia, onto Canadian soil. For the first time in the 200 years that Canada has been under the Union Jack, British Royalty left England and Europe to visit North America. Regal pomp and much of the military might of the Dominion of Canada was on hand at the welcoming of the royal couple. June 7 till June 11 is the time planned for the royal couple to visit the Uniteda^tates. Secretary Hull and Sir Ronald Lindsay, British ambassador, will head the committee that will meet the couple at the border. President Roosevelt and Mrs. Roosevelt will greet the British royalty in person m Washington.
Russia Rejected . . . . . . the latest proposal made by British officials to join the British-French front this week, but optimism prevailed in official circles that, in spite of the refusal, Russia would eventually join. The proposal suggested was that Russia promise to fight—if asked—^for Poland and Roumania if their independence should be menaced, providing Britain and France lead the counter offense. "Rome-Berlin Axis ... . . . will stand against any military aggression,” warned Mussolini this week in a speech popularly received in Rome. “The great democracies have already begun a war against Germany and Italy on economic ground,” was Duce’s accusation. France Also ... ... is trying to bring Russia into the FrenchBntish front while Mussolini and Hitler inspect German and Italian fortifications along the French frontier. Although war does not seem immediately imminent, the line-up is suggestive of the tension that is steadily growing, and might be set off by any country’s misstep.
WASHINGTON Subpoenas... ... were issued to four persons Friday by the Dies committee on un-Amencan activities, as it called a public hearing for tomorrow on an anti-Semitic movement in the United States. One subpoena was handed to Maj’or General George Van Horn Mosley, retired. Another went to Chairman John D. M. Hamilton, of the Republican national committee. Dies’ committee members said the movement had taken the form of mailed propaganda to army officers. From a letter sent by Mosley to a New York National Guard Officer, the committee quotes, “The most serious problem confronting America today is this problem of the Jew and how to get rid of his influence—^locally, nationally, and internationally.” Adminisl'rat'ion . .. . . . officials, during the past week, have been drafting a new spending-lending program involving billions in federal funds. The plan has not taken definite form as yet. It is reported that the plan will include the expenditure of one billion, 500 million dollars to finance a nation-wide home building program; loans to business, especially small business; government insurance for utility construction; and government purchase of new railroad equipment. President Roosevelt has expressed definite
Purdue Exponent
Kntered as second class matter at the post office in l-afayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1S17, anthoriaed January 20. 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly daring the Sommer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8 00 per year, maul subscription $3 60.
Editorial Board
R E Insley W. E. Smith
-
Editor-in-Cluef Bnsiness Manager
R Jenkins D G Temo G W. Frederick E, M Antonim G Schilling
Sports Editor „ _ Editorial Director Managing Editor Senior Advertising Manager Co-ed Editor
Junior Staff
Editorial R F DeHoog R W Donahue D. K Heiple J H McKee M. Ik Miers J C Willsey
Business R Fisher R Hall A. Hite M. Hagemeyer T Petty G Cox Sec
Sports J P Dolan S D Marquis M Richards Co-ed M Burtsfield G Carroll B Simpson
D J
Henninger, Art Director
PHONES
Editorial
Sports
Business
4005
2792
5038
REPRBSENTEO FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative AZO Madison Avc New York N Y CHICASO BOITOR LOa AMKLaS ' SAR rRANCItCO This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undersraduate students of Purdue UnWersity. All opinions m it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director
Night Editor—Donahue Issue Editor—Snuth Sunday, May 21, 1939
The guardians of the Dionne quintuplets have refused the Rollins College request for a stone from the tots’ nursery for inclusion in the southern college’s famed walk of fame
iMald
STARTING TODAY TWO FIRST RUN HITS
ARC
TODAY - MONDAY
JliSTAROliND
irraKiTiOT
A 20th Centufy-Fox Picture
/J s// filRL ALONE!—against a lawless ^UCUle man! Beauty's dark plot! Danger BMl —iove-^the jungle’s fringe! \r^ *
CHARLES BOYER in XGIERS . Sigrid CURIE • Hedy LAMARR
— abo — SHORT SUBjECTS
OP killer or die himself. '
—plus
The Famous Collier's Magazine Chinese Detective Sensation in a case to test his cunning ... he must pin the crime on an invisible
By Georgann Schilling
opposition to the plan, which will be presented to him and Congress the first of the week. House Ways... . . . and Means committee approved proposed changes in the Social Security law, adding one billion, 200 million dollars as benefits for widows, orphans, and dependent parents. The money will be spent during the next five years. Changes would increase old-age pensions in the early years of the security system and would lower them in later years. Payments would start next January 1 against January 1, 1942, as at present. The Senate... ... defeated the Florida canal bill Wednesday by a vote of 45 to 36. The bill called for 200 million to 300 million dollars for construction purposes. Senator Vandenburg called the canal “a charming dream.” A. F. of L. President William Green termed it “a commercial and military necessity.” (Continued on page 4)
LUHA TODAY - MONDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
He shot his sweethearti
This District Attorney resigned!
She risked everythlngl
Revealing the shocking story of youthful crime!
kbbi\
I iris
CO
-Plu»-
If's a First Run Picture
STEP THIS WAY FOR THE BIG SHOW! i • ’ Melody and mirth ! Stars and hula , honeys I Romance and sphciacle!
maMOivia STARtUNQ ELEANOR ROBERT If PqWIlL YOUNG IIX -.JFlSS.®* BRAtlB U\RIIBMIMIHy
GRIN AM> BEAR IT
By Lktily
Orchids sway in the moonlight, orchids bloom, orchids fade. Last night’s glamorous fraternity dances were the climax to a gala Prom week end. Possibly it was for the benefit of th6 many imports or possibly because this is the last week end before finals—anyhow, campus fraternities did themselves up right last night at their dances If you aren’t too, too fatigued, you might come with us on a quick whirl around the campus for a glimpse at the merrymaking. Here we go! —H&H— Mood lights showing through a spray of watei, a circling glass reflector in the doorway, the musical color organ of Chuck Coe’s band, all join forces at the Phi Gam house to make the dance a very colorful affair. —H&H— On to the Theta Chi house we go where we find Harry McGrady and his band playing for the fraternitie’s semi-formal dance. Balloons, sti earners, and fraternity colors are the theme of the decorations. Phi Kappa Sigma fraternity opens the door foi us at their chapter house where we find an mfoimal dance m progress. The Ambassadors from Wabash are playing for dancers. —H & H— Acioss the levee at Allen’s ballroom the Theta Xi formal features the music of Lowell Meyer’s band Favors of crested fraternity jewelry are given to the dancing maidens. Another out of town band, Joe McCarty fiom DePauw, reigns over the music makers at the Phi Kappa dance The chapter house is the scene of this spring formal. We go on out to the Kappa Delta Rho house to their semi-formal where the music of Bill Fryer from Valparaiso is featured —H & H— In search of less formal entertainment, we stop for a minute at the Kappa Sig radio dance at the chapter house Then our last journey of the evening is to the Lafayette Country Club wheie Hal Denham’s band is playing for the Phi Pi Phi-Tau Kappa Epsilon dance Yes, it was quite a week end, don’t
I
UtkittLvCtlh
Br
Copr 1939 hy United Feature Syndicate Ino*
iT-if
‘Getcha blueprints, folks—you can’t tell what’s going on without a blueprint 1”
f4
you think’ We wish some sliderule expert would figure out just how many miles were danced m the past two nights —H & H— We think one of the queerest thrills is the unusual experience of looking out of the Union window
some time in the early hours of the Junior Prom and finding you have danced all night and it is now daylight How time does slip away! We wonder how the non-prom goers, who indulged in picnics and other sports, felt when they saw the sun coming up
WITH ENTERTAINMENT MAGIC!’
DURBIN GREY. PARRISH
— with — [CHARLES WINNINGER ROBT CUMMINGS
STARTS TODAY
ROAR INTO THE HEART OF THE OLD WEST WITH THE EMPIRE BUILDERS!
n il.
starts TODAY
> I'u'v K'/US-vlS,
Sunday, May 21. 1939
THE PUIUDUE
PTONENT
f :Bi
■ 'iB^n
'■' (
\
Wolverines Win Conference \ Track Crown/ Riveters Fifth
Ann Arbor, May 20—(Special)— The Boilermakers scored 13 points in the thirty-ninth annual Western Conference Track championships here today, finishing in the first division. Ahead of the fifth place Boilermakers in order were the University of Michigan, winning its third in a row and its seventeenth championship with 64% points, Wisconsin, second; Indiana, third; and Ohio State, fourth. Steve Gutting turned in the best performance for the Boilermakers, while the star of the meet was Michigan’s Watson. Art Bodeau, who led the field in the half mile trials, finished fourth in this event. Weber’s fourth place toss of the shot put was 47 feet, four and five-eighths inches. The Wolverine relay team set a new Big Ten mark, clipping three seconds off the record previously set by the 1936 Maize and Blue quartet. Mel Trutt defeated Wisconsin’s Mehl in the mile. Church Group To Picnic Discussion group of the Eoger Williams Clilb of the First Baptist Church of West Lafayette will have an outdoor meeting at Happy Hollow today at 5:30. Refreshments will be wieners and marshmallows. The group will meet at the church on the corner of Columbia and Main streets. In case of rain the meeting will be held in the church.
BASEBALL STANDINGS W L Pet Iowa 7 2 .778 Indiana 7 3 .700 PURDUE 5 3 .625 Michigan 6 3 .626 Northwestern 6 6 .646 Minnesota 6 6 .600 Wisconsin 4 4 .600 Illinois 4 6 . .444 Ohio State 2 8 .200 Chicago 2 9 .182 Yesterday’s Scores Indiana 14, Ohio State 2. Wisconsin 9, Chicago 0. Iowa 7, Northwestern 3. Michigan State 8, Minnesota 3. WBAA —MONDAY— 11:00—Morning Melodies. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Agricultural Forum. 12:15—Sports Review, Dick Shively. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:46—Market Reports. 1:00—^Town Crier. 1:15—Monitor Views the News. 1:30—Story Time. 1:46—Jewell Cox, pianist. 2:00—Magic Carpet. 2:30—Foods, Facts, Fancies. 3:00—Concert Review. 4:00—^Baseball Game.
EASTMAN
ARCUS
KODAKS
CAMERAS
HEV^EA’S FOR
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES OF ALL KINDS
634 Main St.
4
Phone 7775 .
SLACK SUITS of fine gaberdine
English Saddle Leather Belt and Buttons. New swaggery British slacks with deep, roomy pockets— easy pleats and trim belted waist-swagger shirt, too — that can be worn in or out. It's the best slack suit weVe ever seen and weVe seeh them all! The best value too. In London-Tan, Navy-Green, Seafoam-Green, CathayBlue, Lyric Rose, Pearl-Gray, Beige-Tan. Sizes 12 to 20.
Sport Shop Second Floor
LOEB&HCNCCOMMHY
Herb Zickler Wins \ fidM All Campus Bowling ^ Tournament Crown ^ QPwiiJL Winning the all-campus student • • • By Robert J. Deckard bowling championship with a final ——i— score of 637, Herbert Zickler, fresh- Fielders Choice presents man engineer, defeated a field of first of a series of articles givover fifty contestants in the finals summary of the outheld in the Union alleys Thursday standing achievements of Boilerand Fiiday. maker athletes graduating this Following closely behind Zickler, June) Phil Brumfield, senior science stu- «iron-man” tackle and co-captain dent, scored a total of 622 to take Boilermaker football a second place position. Brumfield combination arose from the baptisrolled the best single round when gl years ago with the he knocked down enough pins to ^ ^ score 244. Zickler niade a, second Emerson high school in best of 238 and Brumfield retaliated with a third^best 220. monumental institution of learning, Blaine Wiesner, senior mechani- becoming a student in the physical cal, came in in third place with a education school. 608 score. Fourth place was taken by H. C. Scott with a 694 tot^. F. H. Rule was fifth^th 645, O. F. gj.y^ ^ practically unaniT IZ' for All-Conference and Zf’ f;. AH-Westem football honors in his 528, and M. M. Goodwin, ninth, 521. y^^^ frequent All-American mention ... at the LGSGIUG StSTtuinQS o^ose of the season, he was signally ® ^ honored as the player “most valuAmerican League able to the squad.” W L Pet —fc— New York 20 5 .800 Although best known for his footBoston ,.15 7 .682 ball feats, Joe has won recognition Cleveland 14 11 .560 in both basketball and baseball . . . Chicago 14 13 .519 He was awarded a major letter in Washington 10 15 .400 the hardwood sport as a guard and Philadelphia 9 15 .375 a minor letter in baseball as a first St. Louis 10 17 ^.370 baseman. Detroit 10 19 .345 —^fc— Mihal played more minutes than National League ^ny other member of the squad on r. the Boilermaker grid contingent St. Louis 15 9 .626 - . ... ir- that shared runner-up honors in the -o c^r. Western Conference football race “ last tall... at the close of the se.It tt son, the six-foot two-inch, 220Pittsburgh 12 14 .462 , i x j _ ... .CO pound Riveter was selected a memBrooklyn 11 13 .458 f; .... t-x jxuxi j New York 12 16 .444 the East sqn^ that played Philadelphia 10 16 .386 m. the annual East-West game on the Pacific Coast at the close of the season. An Arkansas law requires every In addition to his all-around athUniversity of Arkansas student to letic activities, Mihal has been outwork two days each week on the standing scholastically.. . . during institution’s farm. It is not en- the second semester of last year, he forced. was rated a “distinguished student”
West Side Office 132 Vine St. Phone 7278 h-NOW for pick-up.
Phone 3085
Going to the Party in Formals Cleaned the American-Way Spells Satisfaction Every Time You Do It! American! Dependable Dry Cleaners
Riveter Golfers Defea“^^"* Ohio State In Big Ten Meet
Opening the hostilities with an overwhelming victory in the three doubles matches, Purdue's golf squad defeated Ohio State’s troupe at the West Side course yesterday afternoon 14%-12%. The Boilermakers won their three doubles matches, tied and won one singles bout, and lost three singles encounters. . Hoffer and Marshall won their first doubles match from Evans and Gardner, Buckeye doubles duet, by a score of 3-0. Capt. David and Hill continued the contest by blanking their Btickeye opponents, Bellino apd Carl, 3-0. Weldy and McKenzie ended the morning play by allowing the visitors a half point and scoring 2% points aginst Montuero and Houser. David Wins Capt. David won the first afternoon match from Carl, of the invaders, by a 3-0 count. In the second singles match of the day’s play, Evans, Ohio State ace, turned in a three below par card score to defeat Hoffer, Purdue man, 2%-%. Par is 72 and Evans scored a 69 total. Marshall of Purdue and Bellino of the Buckeyes split the next singles contest !%-!%, but Gardner of the Ohio State troupe retaliated with a victory over Hill by a 2%-% score to draw closer to the Boilermaker lead. Montuero and Houser defeated their Riveter opponents in the last singles matches of the day. Montuero beat McKenzie 3-0 while Houser took Weldy 2%-%. In their last Big Ten match before the finals Saturday, Purdue will meet Illinois here Monday afternoon. /
. . . Joe is a member of the Gimlet Club and “P” Men’s Club and a member of Sigma Chi, social fraternity. —^fc— Following graduation this June, Joe will foe assistant to the manager of the Franklin Levering Cary residence halls for men, his work starting July 1. Intramural SchGdulG
BASEBALL —Monday— Diamond B—Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Pi Phi or Theta Xi. 7—^Alpha Tau Omega vs. Beta Theta Pi. 9—Cary Hall 10 vs. Ward lOX. 10—Cary Hall 5 or Ward 2A vs. Cary Hall 9 or Ward 5.
FRATERNITIES and SORORITIES Now Is the Time to Repair Tin and Sheet Iron Work of Every Description Furnace Work of AU Kinds JOHN BALKEMA Tin Shop 104 Main St. Phone 6852
Baseball Team Plays Wabash Tomorrow; Golfers Meet Illinois ' By Seymour Lutzky Winding up one of the most successful spring seasons in Purdue’s athletic history, the Riveter baseball and tennis teams clean up their schedules, and both the track and golf squads bid for state championships this week. Three home baseball games and, in particular, the Michigan games Friday and Saturday, will attract the major interest of Boilermaker fans. Engage Wabash Coach Fehring’s proteges will open their final week of hostilities against Wabash here tomorrow. Johnny Emmert, who led the diamondmen to victory against the Little Giants on May 9 when he held them to three runs while his mates scored nine, will probably be Coach Fehring’s mound choice again tomorrow. In addition to the ball game, Purdue fans will have their last chance to see the golf singles and doubles squads in Big Ten action against Illinois here on Monday afternoon. Meet Butler The nine again enters the limelight Tuesday afternon when it engages in its last non-conference game against Butler at the Bulldogs’ home park. In their last game against Butler, the Riveters garnered their ninth victory of the season when they vanquished the Indianapolis team behind the pitching of Dick Wargo, by a score of 10 to 1. The diamond team’s last Big Ten games will be agp!inst Michigan, third place contenders in the conference. The Boilermakers will have two days of practice before they meet the Wolverineq^^ere on Friday and Saturday. Michigan’s veteran Danny Smick, who led the Wolverines to victory against Minnesota last Friday, is expected to open the Michigan game against either Bob Bailey or Dick Wargo, Purdue’s star hurlers. Track Attempts Repeat The track squad will attempt to repeat its Cotton Carnival victory with its four individual event winners at the state meet at Notre Dame Saturday. Capt. Art Bodeau, Big Ten indoor half-mile champ, will lead the Gold and Black contingent of stars including Steve Gutting, high and low hurdlor; Ed Holderman, miler; Allen Shackleton, quarter-miler, and Forest Weber, shot putter, in the final outdoor track event of the season. Golfers In Final The golfers will end their competition for the year at the state meet, also held at Notre Dame on Saturday. Coach Allspaw’s men have won four matches in a row and are heading for the championships in fine condition. Capt. David, who produced a phenomenal 68 round in the Chicago match Monday, will lead his troupe of golf men, Marshall, Hill and Hoffer, in the attempt. Coach LaBree’s teimis outfit will play its last match of the season Saturday against Indiana State at Terre Haute. The team was rained out at Western Illinois State Teachers in its last match, Friday.
“DEAC” Pays CASH for Second Hand Text Books Every Day in the Year. H. G. “Deac" REISNER We Sell Every Kind of Tennis Ball Made.THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
^LokkaA.
Sunday, May 21, 1939
Exponent Editorial Etaff The following are scheduled to work Monday May 22 Heiple Miers Carow O Connell Ruffner Pickett daggers Smith Skallerup and Robinson —FRED
Christian Science Organization Regular meeting will be held Tuesday May 23 at 7 30 p m in room C of the Union —MACK
Chi Epsilon Meeting Tuesday May 22, at 7 30 p m in room C of the Union building Election of officeis Everyone be present —FARR PIA Board Meeting Monday May 22, at 7 15 in the PIA office —HINSHAW Advajicgd Mibtary Seniors scheduled to attend Corps Day on Tuesday will assemble in room 103 Armory at 11 a m Tuesday, May 23 Those scheduled for Thursday Corps Day will assemble in room 103, Armory at 11 a m Thuisday May 25 Uniform not necessary —J A PICKERING WAA Baseball Owing to a mistake in notice there will be another class practice Monday May 22 One practice is lequired Class games will be held Monday Tuesday Wednesday and Thursday There will be ho all star games —COOK
MORE ON WBAA Dear Editorial Diiector* I ceitamly hope you aren’t sticking up for WBAA officials, but quoting from your editorial in Saturday’s issue of the Exponent, “WHA, at the Univeisity of Wisconsin, plays no popular music whatsoever, so things could be worse ” May I ask the editoiial director how things could be much worse than they alieady aie’ What you have been playing on Luncheon Dance Time is in veiy close proximity to nothing, to put it mildly, and this certainly isn’t my opinion alone Also quoting from that same editorial, “Perhaps when they banned this song (‘Tain’t What You Do,’ etc ) they were considering that ■VyBAA in itself lepresents Purdue University to a number of rural liSa teneis” May I inf01 m the editoiial directoi that WBAA sponsors several piogiams for the benefit of the rural listeners othei than oi including Luncheon Dance Time
Mikado Cast Pictures are now available in Miss Mill’s office All those who desire at the end of the year —BREUER
Summer School Students Students who are planning on attending summer school should secure the necessary forms from the Director of Admissions office at once By filling out these forms and returning them now much time can be saved June 16 (6-26) —DAMMON
Tan Beta Pi All members who were initiated last fall and who have not received their certificates may get them from me at 162 North Grant (6-21) —DUPFEY
New and Old PIA Board Bus will leave the east Union door at 9 30 a m Sunday, May 21, for Turkey Run Please be prompt —HENSHAW
University Choir Important rehearsal and meeting in Fowler Hall studio Tuesday May 23 at 4 p m —STEWART
Reamers Meeting Monday May 22 in room F of the Union building Last meeting of the year A full attendance is expected —REILEY
Delta Rho Kappa All members please contact me as soon as possible (6 23) —HANNAS
Final Exam Notice Check the final examination schcedule again to be sure that you have noted the proper time and place of your w|als Failure to understand or misreading the schedule sheet are not sufficient causes to warrant a second examination Absence from a final exam will necessitate the recording of a failing grade in that course —M L FISHER
Alpha Phi Omega All members interested and all pledges who have not com pleted their two hour service period, please contact me either in person or by phone 8421 in connection with the fingerprinting project Please make contact before Monday (6 24) —YATES
Home Economists Plan Trip To London May 21 Two Purdue women, representing the University extension home economists, will attend a meeting of the Association of Country Women which will be held in London, England, next month. These women are Leila Gaddis, state home demonstration agent leader, and Aneta Beadle, extension nutritionist They will leave the campus May 21. Before they return to the United States, the women plan to visit Norway and Sweden.
The farmers of this community can see all the “corn” they want besides listening to it over WBAA at 12 30 o’clock. You say WBAA officials do not censor any song, but “Tain’t What You Do” will not be played Just what would you use instead of censor ? Certainly the “Three Little Fishes” played by Kay Kyser and “I Come from a Musical Family” as played by Russ Morgan yesterday are much worse than the song WBAA censored. WBAA should play something for the benefit of the listeners and not foi their own satisfaction, or can’t they get any good music? W. B. Bond. ME ’41. Editorial Director’s Note: Ah, we have stirred up something! Our notes are not strictly editorials, but merely an attempt to point out pertinent facts as suggested by each letter, present the “other side” of a controversial matter, or answer a question. This column IS designed for student opinion. Luncheon Dance Time is WBAA’s most popular program, but has been criticized for lack of variety in bands and recordings. On March 29, in answer to a student letter, the Foster Shop offered WBAA the loan of their Victor record stock. The Foster Shop received no reply from WBAA. Now we look for a pertinent answer to Mr. Bond’s letter from WBAA.
NEWS OF THE WEEK (Continued from page 2) Over Eighf Billion .. . ... dollars will be spent by the federal government before the fiscal year ends June 30* The figure will reach eight billion, 26 million dollars, one billion, 500 million more than was spent in the same period last year.
NATIONAL Lost'... ... over the Atlantic, Carl Backman, Swedish flier, is still unreported after four days. Backman took off from Botwood, Newfoundland, after flying from St. Louis. He was piloting a 90 horsepower, single-motor monoplane with a cruising speed of 110»miles per hour. Backman arranged to sell his plane to a friend in Sweden, which would qualify it for Swedish registry, thus getting around the Department of Commerce officials who refused to sanction the flight. At-forney General... . . . Frank Murphy urged the United States Conference of Mayors and National Institute of Municipals to “Strengthen our civil liberties—to freshen our understanding of them, and to redouble our efforts to extend them in full to every member of our democracy.” Mayor F. H. LaGuardia, president of the conference, opened the ninth annual meeting in the New York City Hall. Murphy stressed that we use the word “democracy” without really stopping to think what it means. “Civil liberty is simply the idea of human dignity translated into actuality,” said Murphy. Scott Field ... , . . . Bellville, 111., was selected as the site of a technical training school for a majority of the 25,000 men who will be enl jSted as part of the air corps expansion program in the next two years. Basic and trade test sections, now located at Chanute Field in Rantoul, will be transferred to Scott Field. Recruiting of students IS under way and it is expected that classes in mechanics, communications, armaments, and photography will begin June 1. SPORTS Dizzy Dean . . . . . . one hundred eighty-five thousand dollar question mark of the Chicago Cubs hurling
staff, gave owner P. K. Wrigley and Manager Gabby Hartnett high hopes that he might be able to take a regular position as a starting pitcher when he turned in a fine relief performance against the Daffy Dodgers Tuesday. Ole Diz pitched three-hit scoreless ball through five innings in his initial league ap^ pearance of the year. The veteran hurler is slated to face the Boston Bees today. Ten Players ... ... were involved in the biggest major league deal in a good many years, as the St. Louis Browns and the Detroit Tigers made a wholesale shift early in the week. Buck Newsom, wandering right-handed pitcher, outfield Bell, infielder Kress, and pitcher Jim Walkup switched to Tiger uniforms. Hurlers Kennedy, Gill, Harris, and Lawson, along with outfielder Laabs and infielder Christman went to the St. Louis club. 50 Thousand . .. . . . people watched Jimmy Snyder set a new record of 130.138 miles per hour at the qualifying runs for the Memorial Day race at the Indianapolis Speedway yesterday. Runs yesterday were four laps (ten miles) instead of the ten lap (twenty-five miles) trials popular from 1933 to 1938.
BUSINESS W. A. Skidmore ... . .. finally succeeded in getting his 200 thousand dollar income tax case taken to the grand jury. It will come up for debate next month when the jury will meet in Chicago to take care of the Moses L. Annenburg income tax case. Skidmore’s trial results from the income tax lien filed in Chicago in February by the Bureau of Internal Revenue. His income has accumulated since 1933 from his projects as a junk dealer, horse fancier, and recognized head of Chicago’s gambling syndicate. Mine Workers ... . . . started to work last Monday after striking for some two weeks. On Monday night John L. Lewis declared “there’s an obligation on the part of the Federal Government to ascertain what is happening in the Harlan pounty mines.” Later in the week the strife grew, and on Friday, the state guard fired more than 50 shots at the Harlan miners. Two casualties were reported after the militia was ordered to “shoot to kill.” This was the third outburst during a 24-hour period.
All Students Those whose course of study calls for electives during the school year 1939-40 must make a choice before the end of this semester This applies to all present juniors present sophomores except in forestry chemical metallurgical, mechanical and public service engineering, and engi-neering-law Offices of the heads of the schools and registrar have plans of study These students should consult the Dean or bead of his school at an early date Those contemplating a change of schools are advised to file application before the end of the present semester (6 10) —STONE
Fraternity Presidents and House Managers Plans are under way for organization of cooperative buying plan A meeting will be held early next week to sign agreements and make initial deposits Please do not sign fall buying contracts See Viehe Breuer Houston oy me for further details U 26) —CATTERALL
Wesley Foundation Annual Planning Conference at Battle Ground is Sunday May 21 Leaving Foundation after 8 o clock breakfast and returning at 2 30 p m One car load will leave the Foundation at 10 15 a m All Council members for next year should attend Cost 36c. —McFADDEN
Musical Orgamzations Sign up in Music office, Fowler Hall now for department banquet to be held May 25th —STEWART WAA Archery ioumament Class team tournament will start on Monday May 22, and will continue until Thursday May 25 MemTCrs wanting WAA points must turn in their score sheets at gym office by Thursday, May 25 at the latest —MOREHOUSE
Alpha Lambda Delta Initiation has been postponed until Sunday, May 28, at 8 30 a m —BURNHAM
Scrivener* Meeting at 7 30 p m Sunday, May 21, in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Bring manuscripts —MUNRO
Pi Beta Phi Open house Sunday, May 21 Students and faculty members and their wives are invited to come from 3 to 6 p m and from 7 to 9 p m RAEBIG
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Booksterat
"DiAC" EvtrytMna ier ■ Cc»(l<»0« EkiOition H. G. RilSNBR • Printing
□
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE _
~’Offte* Stalloiiery. Wedding InvItaUoM
PHONE - Book., Etc 2 628 CASSEL’S 408FERRy
• Jewelen
LYLE L FISHER WATCHMAKER Thle is ell «• «lti, biiB «e tt hmA. Oppeslte I'M! Ottkm Welisce Meek 322 Psity St.
• Profestionel
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119V^ Vine West Lefayelte Phone 4965 The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—0,04. FUifiOLD 1. RISK—004. LUTHSt X. RISK—ODJ Schultz RuMdhM 4h and AAaIn nwne 9701
Play Golf
Day and Night Driving Range —Now Open at— LINEE'S FIELDS Lessons Given — at Reasonable Rates Golf Clubs Repaired
If You
are one of the many who will not be with us this summer, you can still keep in close touch with the campus by subscribing for the Summer Exponent. I Us eleven issues for only fifty ents. You can subscribe at Deac's, Southworth% Union Office or the Business Office.
Mailed Anywhere the Purdue Exponent Business Phone — 5038
^ I