'1 t ' Ji--'-;
Mj^MfW^iWiiWW^
>
IWfl
w-rt
The
Team’s
' * • • • home. Come on, gang, show them how much A appreciate the swell job they did at MinneJL JLJL A JL Vm sota. They’ll be here at 12:20 on the Big Four... . / ,
Let’s Ml
9Qt Them!
Indiana 14 Wisconsin 0
Michigan 27 ' Iowa 7
ChicagpO Duke 13 Coniell20 Harvard 61 Pilfsburgh 14 Princeton 7
Ohio Slate 13 Northwestern 0
Notre Dame 20 Southern Melhodht 19
'S/?}.-'9J‘^j,
■:# - ‘1^
$
Purdue
Z-18S
Volume 51, No. 31
Exponent
Stmdoy, October 15, 1939
News ,cl Week • German Sub Sinks H.M.S. Royal Oak • Lindbergh Opposes Embargo Repeal • Arnold Urges Union of Business, Government WAR H.M.S. Royal Oak Was Sunk . ’ . yesterday morning carrying approxiniately 800 men to the bottom with it. The sinking came on the heels of British jubilation over the sinking of three German subs the day before. The Royal Oak sinking was blamed on German subs. It was a survivor of the battle of Jutland, of the last World War. Carrying an estimated crew of 1,200 men, the Royal Oak is the second major ship sunk by submarines. The airplane carrier Courageous was sunk last September 17; 578 lives were lost. The announcement by the British admirality states, “The secretary to the admiralty regrets to announce that H.M.S. Royal Oak has been sunk,' it is believed by U-boat action.” In Berlin, Germans rejoiced over
Purdue, 13; □iuneeota, 13
Don't Forget Another
All-American
the sinking of the Royal Oak, and claimed also that the British battle cruiser Hood, a 42,100-ton ship had been damaged. Naval officials also said that soon Germany would have 200 subs, half of them Russian, in action on the high seas.
Heavy Gunfire
' , . . was reported to have been heard last night outside Berlin and searchlights and air defenses were sweeping the skies. No air raid alarm had been sounded. As A Protection . . . against a sudden Soviet attack Finland massed troops along the Russo-Pinnish border last week. Naval authorities ordered all Finnish ships out of the Gulf of Finland, as a protection against being “bottled-up” by Soviet warships. Nearly 150,000 additional troops, chiefly from volunteers, were being mobilized to join the already 300,000 men massed at Finnish border defenses. Strategic railways, tunnels, and highways wei;e undermined with explosives to halt possible mobilized advance by Russian troops. All naval ships have been massed at Abo to defend the Aaland Islands, vital to Finnish shipping, and believed to be an objective of Russia. Minister of Interior U. K. Kekkonen warned civilians in populous areasy to prepare for “all eventualities of war.” He also advised the citizenry of Helsingfors, Abo, and Tammenfbrs to seek safety in rural areas. U. S. Advice The United States in conjunction with the three Scandinavian countries urged Russia to make no demands upon Finland that might endanger relations between the two countries. As a last minute defense measure President Kyosti Kallio invoked the emergency law for national service, ^hich requires citizens to work for the country’s defense and security. A ban has been placed on the sale of alcoholic beverages. These measures were invoked shortly after Russia’s proposal to Finland for polticial and economic agreements between the two nations. In Berlin . . . the Anglo-Russian trade agreement evoked only favorable comments from Nazi officials. German officials stated that there was nothing in the Russo-German agreement which would forbid Russia’s purchasing from whom ever she pleases. It was also stated that there was nothing to keep Russia from relaying the rubber and tin obtained from Britain on to Germany in return for German timber. Meanwhile from Murmansk harbor came word that the luxury liner Bremen and some 20 other liners would be sold to the highest neuttal bidder.
From The Western , . . front Monday came word that Adolf Hitler would arrive to take supreme command of the German forces in the 'West. Field Marshal Hermann Georing will accompany Hitler and will become second in command, over Col. Gen. von Brauchitsch, but will have active command in the feuhrer’s behalf. October 15-25
The time: 12:20 today! The place: Big Four station. The event: 36 members of a “never say die” Boilermaker football team arrive home from Minnesota. “Come on, gang, put down Smilin’ Jack and his bevy of de-icers and the rest of the funnies and let’s get over to the station and meet your
team.
“Show them how we appreciate the swell job they did at Minnesota,” was the way that Bill Dunshee, head cheer leader, put it. Bill will be there to lead all loyal Riveter fans, townspeople and students alike, in their welcoming cheers. Cadet Officers . . . will hold the first luncheon of the year in' the Union ballroom Tuesday. Seven awards for exceptional work in Military Science and Tactics will be presented. Delta Rho Kappa . . . science school scholastic honorary, announces the pledging of the following juniors and seniors: Alberta Densford, Merle Hagemeyer, Lee Norquest, Charlotte Finney, Bernice Beisel, Floyd Slate, Wayne Musser, Bob Hoffer, Ruth Bennett, Joyce Burnham', Richard Culp, John
Oswalt.
From Massilon
. . performance was turned in yesterday by the swift David Rankin, who just two weeks ago ran the Notre Dame gridders all over Rockne Stadium. Not satisfied with starring against the Irish, David went-a-Gopher-runnin’ in Memorial Stadium yesterday and not only managed to be a fly in the North- ^ men’s offense but he also caught Galvin’s pass in the second quarter to tie the count at^-6. In catching the leather, Rankin had to contend with the bothersome presence of a Mr. Van Every, of the Minnesota “Vans,” the Gophers’ safety man, but the Dutchman suffered the penalty of interrupting the affairs 'of a fast man like Rankin—six points.
. . . has been set by Allied military heads as the probable date for the German offensive push along the western front. German troops alongj the line have been increasing daily, and troops are being deployed into battle position's. The original
push date was set for October 10 by —————————
Allied officials, but was delayed by
the launching of Hitler’s peace pro- AM *
- Music Room Program
American Liner
To Star Summers, Foley get for sinking as it neared the , . , , . „ , Arsene Summers, Lafayette conAmerican shore, was tugged safely . j mj j -ni i ^ into her dock in New York harbor ’ CAnafA \A/CAii Maa^C Thursday. The liner, which is usual- f 3611916, W 30A 1169(1$ , , . , ■ . n n- the regular Sunday Music Room ly used in coastwise transportation, • tt • , -i v a. . • 1 i program in the Union building at iifiiiAii »■ ■ ;rheTh“ U:hTb:rtrT''her 3-B0thisa«ern„o„. Will kAAlKS FfOSll quois was escorted into New York Miss Summers studied voice at by naval destroyers, which were He Pauw University and attended TAItlUrFOW sent to her after the message was Purdue for Several years. While at lUiiillliyW received in Washington from Ber- the University she was a soloist lin. with both the University and con- Second program in a series concert choirs. Last August she was ducted by the Purdue Activities BuThursday Saw of the two woman winners reau intended to acquaint freshmen v \ * . ,• who represented Indi- with campus activities will be held . . . French outposts repulsing ana in the Chicagoland Music FesGerman thrusts along the front be- tival. She has appeared frequently ^ freshman meeting Monday, Octween the Moselle and Rhine rivers, on WBAA programs as has Foley, tober 16, at 4 p. m. in the faculty Reports from the front stated that ^ g j lounge of the Union. German patrols had lost hundreds i, • • • of men but that they had not gained Rh=h“°«f.to»“RPhh,an plan- Th.s meeting will be of imporan inch of ground.” Raking the ad- a mem er of the Anmr- freshmen, especially those vanemg Germans from entrenched interested in entering either Stuposi ions wi mac ine-gun le, e afternoon’s program is as Senate or Woman’s Sel/ GovFrench losses -were slight. follows: ernment Association, activities offiFrom the British admirality came o tt rvininr cials stated, because it will consist word that three Nazi U-boats had Polonoise No. 2 in E major Liszt discussion of the student e-ov been destroved Thev also said that PoHchenello Rachmaninoff “ ^ discussion ot the student govoeen aestroyed. i.ney also said that ernment organizations and their in an air battle earlier in the week Ritmico Longas fungtiopg six German planes were shot down. Edward Foley 0 Mio Fernando, from the Opera Ann Sickman, president of WomForPian Cnrrecnonrionfc La Favorita Donizetto en’s Self Government Association, . . . were told,Friday by Nazi offi- Into the Night Edwards Student Senate, will be principal cials that the United States alone Coquettry Klenyn speakers. They will discuss the could intervene to save the world Arsene Summers functions of their organizations, exfrom the “most gruesome blood- Ballad in G minor Chopin what jobs are open, llbw bath in history.” Hitler is ready to Etude en forme de Valse obtain them, the time required, wage a war to the end against Bri- Saint-Saens their value, tain and Prance, but the United Hungarian Rhapsody No. 2—Liszt Following these speakers there States can intervene. Edward Foley will be an open forum during which Dr. Otto Dietrich, speaking for questions may be asked. Hitler, told correspondents that if l/nn Warrwc the United States unequivocally ' If hi fliS ^ #* “ f (‘he . . . chemical engineer, ’40, and a ^rOepline lifulS ■"'"'‘O' etedent from Swelems issue were first made at the ft 1™" ‘h® speehet ‘he council table yesterday afternoon after suffering regular meeting of Kappa Delta a fractured ankle in a freshman- Phi, education honorary, Thursday (Continued on page 4) senior moustache clash. evening in the Union ballroom.
Rankin^ Byelene Get One Each; DeWitte Stars On Defense
By Rolfe Jenkins
Minneapolis, Minn., Oct. 14 (Special)—Mike Bylene smashed through the Gopher line and qutsped the secondary for a 45-yard touchdown run in the last five minutes of the Minne-sota-Purdue game today, and Quarterback Fred Montague place kicked the extra point to end the Big Ten opener in a 13- 13 tie here this afternoon. From the opening Purdue drive, which was cut short suddenly by a fumbled lateral pass in the first two minutes of play, to the last desperate effort of the Gophers to break the deadlock, the game was a see-saw affair which kept the crowd on edge for the entire 60 minutes. ———— ■■■■■11.11 !■■■■■ Much improved' over their open-
ing game at Notre Dame two weeks ago, the Boilermakers today again showed their ability to come from behind and even the count as\hey did in several games last year.
Nice Panting
Behind beautiful offensive punting by Lou Brock, the Boilermakers matched the brilliant running of Minnesota’s Franck and Van Every yard for yard. The Boilermaker backfield clicked smoothly with beautiful blocking by Hennis and Montague. Leon De'Witte and Dave Rankin starred on the defensive with Rankin again turning in 60 minutes of All-American play. Minnesota opened the scoring with a swift drive toward the end of the first quarter which terminated in a touchdown in the opening minutes of the second quarter. In two plays Christianson picked up four yards from the eight-yard line but was stopped cold on the third do-wn. Van Every swept the left end on the fourth down for the first score. The try for the extra point
was wide.
Fumbled Punt
Van Every’s fumble of Galvin’s 42-yard punt later in the same period was recovered by A1 Rossi on the Gopher 16-yard line. A threeyard gain by Byelene was nullified on the next play when a lateral from DeWitte to Montague was fumbled and recovered by Montague. With every man closely guarded, Galvin managed to pass the next one into the arms of Rankin who caught the ball over his shoulder on the dead run. The try for extra point was no good.
Second Gopher Score
A blocked punt in the third quarter gave the Golden Gophers their second scoring chance. Attempting to drive the hard pressing Northmen back into their own territory. Brock punted from his own 41-3i‘ard stripe. His kick was partially blocked and Minnesota recovered on their own 41-yard line. On the first play Christianson picked up six yards. It was then that the forward wall of the Gophers shook loose the fleet-footed Franck who outdistanced safety man Lou Brock at the 10yard line and crossed the goal line standing up. The conversion for the exti-a point was good, Memik booting from placement. The third period ended with the score 13-6 in
Minnesota’s favor.
’ Byelene For Brock Byelene relieved Bi-ock at right half, and on the first play passed to Rankin for two yards. An incomplete pass on the next play left the Boilermakers -with two yards to gain for a first down. Five minutes remained to play. Montague gambled on another running play and Byelene made four yards and a first down on the Gophei-s’ 45. Behind beautiful blocking, Byelene found a hole in the Minnesota John Galvin, sophomore halfback, forward wall and on a specteular whose pass to Dave Rankin in the Ei'ank Merriwell climax ti'aveled 46 second quarter gave the Boilermak- yards to the goal line. Quarterback ers their first touchdown against Moqtague place kicked the extra MinneS'ota yesterday. point knotting the score at 13-aQ.
■
MIKE BYELENE
. . . came this little man of 165 pounds to the campus of Purdue to do wonders behind the great blocking of the glorified Purdue line. It was little Mike who turned the stomachs of 47 Swedes with his 45yard jaunt with a six-point result with but four minutes remaining in the terrific Minnesota fracas yesterday at the home of the Vikings.
PasserVi
w
THE PURDUE EXPONEN^
Sunday, October 15, 1939
But
By Vladimir it has long been a fact that some courses have a soporific eifect on students, but when one reverses and overcomes the instructors, that’s news. The EE school is the proud father of such a course. Early this semester, a professor turned his class over to a guest lecturer and retired to the back of the room. Within 30 minutes he was nodding, and a few minutes later he was sound asleep. * * * This wouldn’t have caught our attention, but the following Monday, just three days later, with a different professor in charge of the same subject and lesson, the procedure repeated. This professor went to sleep in 20 minutes. Perhaps the guest lecturer, the same on both occasions, grew more efficient with practice. ^ :ic ♦ #■ We don’t know just what all that goes to prove unless it’s the fact that these professors WERE awake to begin with. * * * There are some around that seem to be asleep all the time. * * ♦ We are always on the lookout for “paired” books on Library or browsing room shelves. Operator No. 26% brings us the news that in the browsing room “Turnabout” by Thorne Smith is side by side with “Leave It to Psmith” by Wodehouse. * >(: * Professional admiration, no doubt. * * * Which brings up the point that Thorne Smith is by far the most popular of the authors represented in the browsing room. This is not only shown by the frequency with which his books, are taken off the shelves, but also by the frequency with which they .are not returned. j|! * His one book which has (so far) consistently returned to the shelf is, strangely enough, “The Stray Lamb.”
Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regrular academic year and weekly during the Summer. Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription $3.60.
Editorial Board
.Editor-in-Chief Business Manager
R. E. Insley W. E. Smith... D. G. Terrio G. W. Frederick E. M. Antonlni G. Schilling R. Jenkins
Editorial R. F. DeHoog R. W. Donahue D. E. Heiple J. H. McKee M. L. Miers J. C. Willsey D.
Senior
Editorial Director ........Managing Editor Advertising Manager Co-ed Editor .....Sports Editor
Junior Staff
Business
R. Fisher
R. Hall A. Hite
M. Hagemeyer
T. Petty
G. Cox, Sec. Henninger, Art
Sports
J. P. Dolan S. D. Marquis M. M. Richards
Co-ed
M. Burtsfleld G. Carroll B. Simpson Director
Editorial 4005
PHONES Sports 2792
Business 5038
REPfiBSBNTBO FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Ine, : College Publishers Representative 420 Madison AvE. New York. N.Y. CHiCAso • BosTOH • Los Angeles ■ San Francisco This newspaper is written, edited and published by undergraduate students Of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the^ official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director.
Night Editor—Willsey Issue Editor—^Traugott Sunday, October 15, 1939
in the
Methodist Students 9:30 a. m.—Sunday School. Co-ed Department at the Foundation: 1. “The Life of Christ,” Mrs. June Cox. 2. “Personalities of the Religious Emphasis Week,” Mrs. McFadden. Men’s Student Department at the church: 1. Bible Class taught by Prof. J. T. Gunn. 2. “World Peace” taught by Rev. McFadden. 3. “The Liquor Problem” taught by Dr. C. 0. Lee. 4. “Home and Marriage” taught by Prof. D. H. Patterson. 10:40Morning worship with sermon by Dr. 0. S. Steele. 2 p. m.—^Wesley Players’ rehearsal at the church. 5 p. m.-—Fellowship supper at the Foundation (15c). 6:30—University Epworth League Discussion groups on: 1. “Preparation for Home and Marriage” led by Mrs. McFadden. 2. “World Peace” led by Rev. McFadden. 3. “Christianity and Economic Justice,” John Fonts, chairman; resource men. Prof. R. G. Thomas and J. R. Levy. Episcopal Students Following services are held at St. John’s Church, Sixth and Ferry streets, Lafayette: 8 a. m.—Holy Communion. 10:45 a. m.—Morning prayer and sermon by the rector. St. John’s Fellowship: 6 p. m., supper; 7 p. m., program. Talk by Dr. C. H. “Big Robbie” Robertson. Presbyterian and Congregational Students Morning program at Central Presbyterian Church, Lafayette: 9:30—Student Discussion Group led by Dr. G. H. Graves. The discussion will consist of a review of recent addresses by Dean Potter, President Elliott and Dean Stratton on “What Purdue Should Do For Her Students.” 10:40—Moraing worship, sermon by the pastor. Dr, W. R, Graham, Evening program at Westminster House, 129 Sheetz street: 6:00—Supper, followed by the regular meeting of the student forum. The guest speaker will be Dr. Reischauer, who for many years has
been a physician in Japan. He will discuss Japan as he has come to know that interesting country. Purdue Christian Foundation Pi’ogram, Sunday, October 15, at First Christian Church, Sixth and North streets, Lafayette: 9:30 a. m.—-Sunday Class.-^Har-riet Reynolds closes her series with the topic: “The Church and Home.” 10:40 —Church service. Doyle Mullen closes the Centennial Celebration with the sermon entitled: “Oift Church and Tomorrow.” 5:30 p. m. —Forum, beginning with Vespers, led by John Thomp-, son. 6:00—-Recreation. 6:30—Discussion, led by Lois McGaughey on. the topic: “Ideals of Love and Marriage.” Baptist Students West Lafayette Bapitist Church, corner Main and Columbia streets: 9:30 a. m.—Roger Williams Club Class. Prof. Ted Noss will teach. 10:35 a. m.—Sermon by Rev. J. B. Gleason, “The Christian’s Dilemma About War.” Richard Thornton of Purdue Glee Club will- direct the choir. 5:30 p. m.—Roger Williams Club ALTER'S—Formerly Hutfon's Opposite the Fowler STEAK AND CHOP HOUSE Special for Sunday Evening Three Course Italian Spaghetti Dinner — 50c
DRAMA . . . Tense, Emotional, Real! — . . . Gordon Hillman's Famous Novel of Youth Tetrn by Emotions . . ! !
RICHARD GREENE
RICHARD DIX RRENDA JOYCE S«nso/fona/ discovery of "The Ratns Came" ROUND YOUNG-GUDYS GEORGE Kalharino Aldridgo * Russell Gleason uiRnifiiu Starts TODAY
the
ludy,
Rudy Vallee
I’D-GIVE-MY-RIGHT-ARM-TO-HAVE-SAID-THAT DEPARTMENT “I don’t know math from a hole in the ground.” —(taken from the conversation of an Exponent Junior Editor.) * • !i! * To end today’s column we’ll just |)riefly mention a professional engineering catalog that spells the word “prefessional.” * * * ■ ■ Amateurish we’d call it.
Home Hour. Lunch, 10c. 6:30 p, m.—Mrs. A. R. Mathei’, formerly an educator in Africa, will speak on “That Great Country.” 7:30 p. m. — Evening service. “Convention Report” by the pastor.
Elbert F. Corwin of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute has invented a new device to aid airplane safety. It determines the “up and down” winds high in the skies.
£jthsh£di£di-
By Hank Miller
Rudy Vallee will load his Connecticut Yankees on board the Fitch Bandwagon tonight at 6:30 on WMA Q as the bandwagon comes
east f r o m west coast. Rr
you will remember wound up his ten-year series of programs a few weeks^ ago and has, as yet, not announced any plans for the fu-
ture. Henry M, Neely will m. c. the
show,
—e-e— Three nets will be linked together this morning from 10 to 10:30 as NBC, CBS, and MBS carry the sixth semi-annual concert under the auspices of the International Broadcast Union. Today’s program will feature music from Hawaii as it originates through the island stations KGU and KGMB. Native island music will be played on typical Hawaiian instruments and sung by a chorus of 30 native voices. .—e-e— Dirwood Kirby, one of NBC’s ace special events men who got his start at WBAA, told us an interesting story this summer. NBC owns and operates both WENR and WMAQ in Chicago and the programs for both stations originate or are controlled from the same studios. For this reason, the announcers occasionally get confused and give the wrong call letters when identifying the. station. To guard against this, an announcer assigned to a program is supposed to listen to the program on the air just preceding his so that if the announcer on the other program . should make a mistake, the announcer listening can correct the mistake. One evening an announcer was listening to the conclusion of the program just before his and heard the announcer say, “This is WMAQ, Chicago.” The announcer listening in an-
LU^ TODAY-MONDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
PLUS 2ND FEATURE
Thrill to spectacular stampedes... Stirring drama I f THE WILD STALLION" FRED STONE JfRochelle HUDSON RICHARD FISKE IT'S A FIRST RUN HIT
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichfy
‘I see our men are having words.’
other studio thought a moment and then turned on his mike and said, “Correction, please, this is WENR, Chicago.” The operator in the control room started making frantic signals and shaking his head violently so the second announcer again turned on his mike and said, “No, by God! This IS WMAQ.” -e-e— SPORTS FANS: Check up on the
results of yesterday’s games and get the comments of Bill Stern tonight at 8:45 on WENR as Bill presents the second edition of his sports program. Davey O’Brien will be the guest star. —.e-e— 73 and good listening.
Subscribe to -raE EXPONENT
mMINC WENTDRES MH FIGHTEiS OF AMERICA’SJ»CI9E FLEET’!
myNMiR with (lESTElJiiiS^* VIRGINIA GiEY
NOW PLAYING
yAOS
—■EXTRA— Robert Benchley in "HOME EARLY"
^ A RITZY RIOT OF ^ ROMANCE ond LAUGHSI
Society wife...back to the kitchen—and beef stew—to re-win her husband I
NOW
The millionaire husband who hired her as' family troubleshooter. (My, My, what champagne can do!)
FIFTH AVENUE CIRL
WALTER CONNOLLY VERHEE TEASOALE JAMES ElLfOON
KATHRYN ADAm$
SHOWING
IMaiiI
— ADMISSION — Nights and Sundays.... .35c Week Day Matinee^ 25c Children Always..... ...... lOc*■3' -
”t-Sf' If^R
HtSs*
" . ' , «r >»„* iiS^i»> S-l., J! //
’^1%
Sunday. October 15. 1939
£xpomjnL fiaqsL
Kelleher's Toe Wins For Ramblers, 20-19 In track and field events, especially track, one usually wins by a nose, but yesterday Notre Dame’s “powerful” eleven again took one, not by a nose, but by a toe, defeating Southern Methodist, 20-19. And the toe belonged to that lad Kelleher, the same young man who administered defeat to the Boilermakers two weeks ago with that right toe of his. The Mustangs scored immediately after the initial kickoff. Notre Dame took the first boot and three plays later fumbled on its own 16 where Johnson of Southern Methodist recovered. From there it was Johnson, Johnson, and more Johnson imtil the Texas club had counted seven points. Notre Dame Retaliates Notre Dame came right back, re-
taliating just three-plays later with seven points as the result of Stevenson’s pass to Zontini and Zontini’s placement. But Southern Methodist wasn’t to be shoved around that easily, because after taking the Irish kickoff, the Southerners started directly for the Irish goal and didn’t quit their march until they led 13-7 after the Texas coabh had inserted his second string backs, the score coming from an 11-yard lateral from Belville to Mallouf. The Ramblers jumped back into*^ the game, scoring just before the half gun sounded to knot the count on Piepul’s one foot plunge. Kelleher’s kick was wide. In the third quarter no one scored, and then came the hectic finale. The Irish counted after a'68-yard march ' and Kelleher converted, score 20-13. With two minutes remaining, the Southerners scored from the Notre Dame two-yard line, but the all-im-portant kick missed and another great Southern grid machine had shown the North how it’s done down Dixie way.
Schedule of
Michigan Wins Over Iowa Eleven, 27-7 Up at Ann Arbor, IdWa threw a scare into the Michigan camp with a Frank Merriwell touchdown In the first five minutes, a touchdown of the same type that sent the Indiana eleven down in defeat last week, but a young man, Harmon by name, took matters in his own hands and ran, kicked, and passed the Wolverines to a 27-7 victory. After five minutes of play, the Hawks completed a 30-yard pass from Kinnick to Dean from the Iowa 29-yard line to the Michigan 40, Dean then outran the Michigan backs for the score, Kinnick kicking the point. At this point Harmon went to work and didn’t stop until he had crossed the Hawk goal four times and converted three of his placements. His touchdowns were scored on short plunges and one pass interception.
Debris Senior Picture Sittings Photographers from Dexhimer-Carlon Stu^os. Indianapolis, are taking DEBRIS pictures in the DEBRIS Workshop, firsidoor to the left at the top of the stairs on the second floor of the Union Building, starting at 8:00 a. m., each moming. Every senior has a sitting scheduled for a definite time and will receive a cord through the mail telling the exact time of the sitting. DEBRIS editors state that It is very important that each senior report to the DEBRIS Workshop at his appointed time. If it is impassible for him to be there he should notify the DEBRIS office beforehand and make a different appointment. A minimiun charge of $1.50 is made for the regular DEBRIS pictures and is payable at the time the picture is token.
MONDAY, OCTOBER 16 1:00 Dailey, J. E. 1:10 Dashe, Wm. 4:25 Davis, M. H. 4:50 Davison, F. E. 9:05 Davison, S. j. 10.00 Emerson, Paul 10:05 Enders, Sue E. 10:10 Eng, W. T. 3:40 Ensign, Caroline R. 3:15 Erickson, Ed. 4:00 Esmeier, Ed. 3:20 Estey, M. S. 3:25 Ethyre, G. M. 8:35 Fanning, R. A. 8:40 Faulkner, Sister Clara Francis 9:10 Favinger, J. J. 10:25 Felix, J.T. 9:15 Fickle, Jean 11:00 Fielding, B. L. 8:45 Findley, J.W. 8:50 Fishburn, H. F. 8.55 Fisher, Frank H. 9:20 Fisher, Fred. W. 9:25 Flanagan, J. T. 9:30 Fleming, Barbara 2:30 Fong, Kwong-Young 9:35 Fontaine, W. E. 2:35 Forbes, H. B. 10.35 Forsberg, Isabelle 10:40 Forsyth, P. S. 9.40 Fouts, j. R. 3:45 Fox, J C. 9:45 Francis, E. M. 10:45 Franz, F.E. 3:55 Frost, Elizabeth 10:50 Hitchcock, V. T. 9:50 Holden, Yvonne 9:55 Hruby, V. M. 2:40 Krisch, James L. 2:45 Kuzmitz, A. A. 4:55 McNeil, R. C. 8:10 Miers, M. L. 1 :20 Milner, C. K. 9:00 South, J.O. 3:50 Speier, R. N. 2:50 Stinebaugh, E. H. 10:55 Stuart, CM. 8:00 Werner, L. E. 4:30 Werst, John J. 4:35 White, A. F. 1 :05 White, Joe 10:30 Whitham, H. L. 11:25 Widen, C. E. 4:40 Wiliiams, G. K. 8:05 Williams, J. S. 11 :30 Williamson, A. B. 3:30 Wilson, D.W. 11 :35 Williamson, J. R. 2:00 Wilson, E. E. 2:05 Wilson, Elynore 1 :55 Wilson, H. G. 1:50 Wilson, Helen
mo
4;45 Wilson, J.E. 3:00 Wilson, Mariana 1 :45 Wimborough, Joan 4:20 Winchell, F. J. 1:15 Windecker, W. M. 11 :40 Windell, A. 8:15 Winklepleck, Wilma 3:35 Wisehart, Kathryn 4:15 Wisehart, M. J. 2:10 Withers, B. I 1.20 Wolf, M. G. 11:15 Wolford, P.M. 1:40 Wolff, llo 4:10 Wong, L. F. II :45 Wood, J. R. 11:10 Woodling, W H. 8:20 Woods, Jeanne 4:05 Woods, Wm. 11 :55 Woodsmall, F. J. 8:25 Woodson, J. C. 8:30 Wright, D. A. 3.05 Wright, L. E. 2:55 Wright, P. N. 1 :25 Wurtenberger, Helen 1 1 .50 Wyczawski, R. H. 1:35 Wynn, Sara 10.15 Yeager, E. L. 3:10 Yeager, Marjory 2:15 YCrkes, Kathleen 1 1 :05 Yost, K. E. 1 :30 Young, Lerea 2:25 Zimmerman, Ruth 2:20 Zweig, R. L TUESDAY, OCTOBER 17 4.00 Denlinger, W. E 1 05 Hallstein, D. W. 10:45 Hamer, E F ^ 1:15 Hardin, D 9.05 Harper, R H. 8.15 Harpster, W. R. 4 10 Harris, T. A 8-20 Harruff, R. B - 4.15 Hartley, R. L. 1 1 .50 Hastings, R. F. 1 1 '55 Hathaway, O C. 4 50 Haverkamp, L 8'25 Hawthorne, R P. 1 1 :00 Mishler, D. H. 10 00 Mitchell, R. A 10:55 Mock, R. R 1 1 :05 Moehling, J P 10.05 Moller, C. G 8 00 Molzahn, E. L 10.50 Moninger, R H 1 00 Monson, H. O 8.55 Montague, F.'H. 3:55 Montgomery, Evadine 2:55 Moore, Ed. B 1 :55 Moore, J. F. 2:50 Moorhead, Martha J. 8:50 Morgan, A. H. 1:10 Morgan, F. M. 10:10 Morgenroth, D. E. 11:10 Morley, Robert M.
11.15 Morningstar, A E. 8:05 Morris, Janette 9.45 Morris, Wm 9:00 Morrison, L. E 10:15 Mortensen, D. S. 8:45 Motz, D. 10.40 Mowry, B. S. 8:10 Mroz, J. A. 8:40 Muehihausen, R. J. 10:20 Mullen, F. 10:35 Mumford, T. F. 2.45 Munk, J. W. 4.05 Murdock, K. I 1 :20 Murphy, F. 8.35 Murphy, P. 9:10 Murray, W H. II :25 Myer, J. D. 8 30 Myer, Jayne 3 50 Myers, A. L. 3:45 Myers, Floy 9 15 Myers, Jane 1 .45 Myers, Margaret E. 1 1 :30 Myers, M. E. 2 40 Mytinger, W H. 4:20 Sabotf,G. 1 1 :35 Sailer, H. A. 4.25 Salzarulo, A C 3.40 Saitzman, H 4:30 Samuelson, D. A. 9:40 Sanders, E. L. 9-35 Sanders, W.J. 1 1 :40 Sanky, Geneva Rose 1 .40 Saring, D. H. 4:35 Schaefet, J F 9:20 Schellhase, F. A. 10 30 Schleicher, S R. 3 -35 Schmidt, L. W. 1 1 :45 Schnake, E. A. 2:^5 Schomatheimer, R. E. 1 :20 Schooley, H. E. 10:25 Schory, Carroll A. 4.40 Schrader, E. C. 3'30 Schrader, R. J. 4.45 Scheiber, R H. 2:30 Schriber, P. 3:25 Schryver, H. C. 9:25 Schulte, H F. 1 :35 Schurman, Marjorie 1 :30 Schwab, Edna W. 9:30 Schweidler, J. F. 2.25 Scott, Caroline 4.55 Scott, J.W. 3 20 Scully, P. 2:20 Seale, R. P. 3:15 Sears, G. F. 1 *25 Sefton, Mary Joan 3 10 Seibert, Margie 2 15 Sexson, Ella Lou 2 00 Sexton, Margaret 2.05 Shackleton, A. R. 3:05 Shade, W. R. 3:00 Shank, G. A. 2:10 Shellaborger, D P. 9:55 Wray, D. R. 9 50 Yarber, R F. 1:50 Zimmerman, R. W.
(Dabhhu
"(^omphdsL ^amfuuA, ^vahaqsL
fiahkhL QhoioL By Robert J. Deckard
Speed matched speed, power matched power, strategy matched strategy, in fact, everything looked even in yesterday's torrid gridiron exhibition between a pair of the strongest contingents in the Western Conference, the Purdue Boilermakers and the Minnesota Gophers. —fc— Immediately following the opening kickoff, the Boilermaker offense got underway, two successive first downs were made and finally the local lads turned the potato over to their hosts. Reverses and end plays seemed to click with all the perfection of a well-oiled machine when the Boilermakers opqned the attack. But the Gopher power house presented a powerful counter attack that rattled the Boilermakers’ team from • end to end and throughout the backfield. ^ —^fc— Finally, on a fake line buck and a lateral, Smith netted the Golden Gophers their first touchdown from the Purdue four-yard marker. And so on and so on the ball game continued. Purdue went down the field and scored in the second quarter. But the play of a brace of two scorching-hot teams see-sawed back and forth. The final score, people, was a perfect stalemate, 13 points each. —^fc— The Boilermakers, hoping to utilize a passing attack at various stages of the game, faced a 6-3-2 defense and the ultimate result for the Riveters was a stymie which favored the Minnesota team. Momentarily Mai Elward’s stal-
warts had the North Woodsmen off balance when John Galvin tossed an ' aerial to Dave Rankin to count Purdue’s first touchdown. But Minnesota settled down and, from Joe Mihal, transplanted WBAA sports announcer, we heard that Purdue’s attack via the atmosphere was “nathin’.” —^fc— Boilermaker plays through the line were^ repelled consistently by the Minnesota forward wall, and the squad finally had to resort to reverses and flank plays to gain ground. —^fc— For awhile Purdue line lieplacements did not quite fill the bill, but substitutes in the secondary played a sterling game. Dave Rankin, potent Boilermaker end, again played ' his usual fine game. The game yesterday was Dave’s second affair in which he played throughout the entire 60 minutes. —^fc— A burr in Boilermaker pants was George Franck, speeding left half. (As a track man Franck clips off a 9.6 second in the century.) His outstanding playing, both offensively and defensively, undoubtedly marked him as a star performer yesterday. Unless you forget, it was Franck’s 52-yard gallop in the third quarter that put Minnesota ahead until little Mike Byelene slipped away for 42 yards and Freddie Montague booted the point after touchdown. —^fc— All in all, it was/a fine game. Penalties were scarce. When the arbiters finally caught up with the guilty parties of the contestants, they applied the pressure and applied it hard. Holding penalties were predominant over others. Offside penalties weren’t frequently called. —^fc— As for Purdue today it ought to be jubilant. It was a fine exhibition of coming-back and twisting the Gopher tail, but the latter simultaneously threw a wrench into the Boilermaker engine, to end up the game at 13-aIl.
I AM REGISTERED AT THE UNION" is usually said with more than pride. Often it means joy for the loving eare and THOUGHTFULNESS of someone who wants his guest to have THE BEST Telephone and Bath in Every Room THE UNION CLUB JAe. PjuacUul WimufuaL 'Union. The Corner of the Campus--Yet the Center of Activities
From Massilon
... the home of many great football players and the first United States city to support a professional football team, comes this young man, Jim Miller by name, who yesterday turned in his initial appearance in a Boilermaker uniform, Jim being a soph and having been troubled with scholastic marks for three weeks. Yesterday, with the vet Carl Yerplank benched in the second quarter due to an injury, this green Buckeye was inserted into the battle and definitely corked up the middle of the Purdue line.
I. U. Downs Badgers With 14-0 Victory Don’t sell the Hoosiers short! They went to town yesterday at Camp Randall Field to defeat the favored Badgers of Wisconsin to the tune of 14-0, scoring in the first and last frames. Wisconsin started the Hoosiers on their march by fumbling the pill on the Badgers’ 20 on the second play of the fracas, Harris recovering for the visitors. Hurst passed to Herbert for the score, and Herbert converted with the placemenjt. Maddox put the contest on tap for the Cream and Crimson with an 80-yard gallop in the fourth. 250 Couples . . . danced to the music of Noel Hall apd his band at the regular mixer in the Union ballroom from 9 to 12 last night. Whitney Defeats Breese In Billiards, 200 To 53 Frank Whitney defeated Johp Breese in a billiard game last Wednesday evening. The game had been postponed from last week. Whitney scored 200 points out of 18-2 balke line billiards to Breese’s 53 straight rail, in 36 innings. Whitney’s high run was 31, Breese’s 10.
Phone 3085 Now is the Time! To have those used clothes cleaned—-so they will be r^ady for the cool days just ahead. Phone TODAY for Pick-Up.
Look over your shoes too, don't get “down-at-the-heel".
American Laundry West Side Office 132 Vine St.THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday* October IS* 1939
News Of The Week (Continued from pagre 1) BUSINESS "Govern itienf- . . . and business must unite to save democracy in this country fiom the threat of war abroad,” stated 0. J. Arnold, president of the Northwestern Life Insurance Company yesterday. His address was presented at the annual luncheon of the insurance companies and the Illinois Chamber of Commerce. “Business men should take the lead in resisting the threat,” continued
Arnold.
He declared the European war will not solve any of Europe’s underlying problems, and praised business Jeaders m this country who have already denounced the principal of war profits. “The proper solution to the piresent problem lies not in attempting to force savings and deposits or the taxpayers’ money into venturesome risks which private capital refuses to take, but in removing the threats which keep enterprise capital at a standstill,” continued Arnold. American . . . meat packers do not consider the war acioss the water a just reason to load their cold storage rooms with meat products. On October 1 cold storage plants had only 300,696,000 pounds of pork on hand, a decline of 60,302,000 pounds, or 16 per cent, during September. JBeef and mutton are above the September average, but are still far below the five-year average. President Roosevelt ... is negotiating plans whereby the United States can use part of the country’s 17 billion dollars worth of gold resei’ve for direct investment in Latin-American countries and to stabilize then banking
systems.
Secretaiy of State Hull said that it wmuld be a treasury matter and tieasuiy officials expressed ignor-
ance of such a plan preferring to suspect that the state department had a hand in such a program. It was explained that the plan might be an expansion of such agreements as those with Brazil whereby this government promised to loan Brazil 60 million dollars of gold for the purpose of organizing and operating a central reserve bank, or promised to sell Brazil up to 60 million of gold. Neither privilege was exei’cised.
•
NATIONAL Breaking His Silence . . . for the second time in 12 years. Col. Charles A. Lindbergh delivered a telling blow against the embargo repealists when, over a national radio hook-up, he called for an embargo on “offensive weapons.” Given an opportunity by pro-re-pealists to backwater on his previous antagonistic statements, Lindbergh upset the apple cart and declared himself definitely against selling arms to belligerents. In his speech, delivered last Friday night, the Lone Eagle pi’actically demanded that Great Britain and other Eulopean powers get out of the western hemisphere. The Much-Heralded , . . . Senate fight on the repeal of the arms embargo continued this week on a much quieter scale than was expected. While newspaper opinion generally concedes victory foi the embaigo repealists, such men as Bennett Champ Clark of Missouri and Edward Burke of Nebraska continued to debate the most sei’ious question that has faced Congress in the last decade. Both sides aie agreed on one idea —to stay out of the war at any cost. But the repealists fail to account for the fact that repeal is designed to aid the Allies and therefore places the United States in an unneutral position. On the other hand those favoring the embargo have not explained why they would prevent the sale of arms and yet permit the sale of basic war materials such as cotton, oil, and wheat.
Classified Ads ROOMS FOR RENT BOARD AND ROOMS—Experienced cook. Very reasonable. Phone 2416.
Purdue Undergrraduate Dames: A meeting will be held on Tuesday, October 17, at 7 :80 p. m. in room F of the Union. —DENZLER
FOR SALE TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 60< Main Street.
Conditions in M.E. 31: An examination for the removal of conditions in M. E. 31 will be held in room 301 of the Mechanical Engineering building commencing at 1 p. m. Saturday, December 9, 1939. Those wishing to take the examination must make arrangements with the undersigned before noon December 2, 1939. (11-2) —MBSSERSMITH Chi Epsilon Pledges: Meet at bridge behind Civil building at 6 p m. on Monday, October 16 —CORNELL
MISCELLANEOUS LOST—Tuesday between 5 and 6.30 in Sweet Shop, black and gold Ronson cigarette light in black leather cigarette case. Liberal reward. Call 7471.
Senior Mechanicals: Meet at the Mechanical Engineeiing building at 1 p m Saturday, October 21, for Senior Day Parade. A 100 per cent attendance is expected in competition for trophy —DUCKWORTH
LOST—Elgin wrist watch, Friday somewhere between the Fieldhouse and first street on University street If found please call 2210 Reward
Purdue Engineer: The following men will leport to the office at 4 o’clock Monday, October 16, for work. Gerke, Stambaugh, Murrill, Bard, and Glazer —OTT
Dolphin Club; Meeting Wednesday, October 18, at 4 p m , in Dick’s office at the pool —HARRIS.
LOST—Yellow gold wrist watch Reward E Franklin, 108 Waldron. Phone 2876.
SPANISH STUDENTS—Tutoring by person with good references Call 41343
LEARN TO TYPE—New class to start in ten days Local student typed 30 words a minute in eleven days New method. Indorsed by leading universities. Results guaranteed. Streamlined Typing, Box A.
NOTICES No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
liWion Sophomores: There will be a meeting of all sophomores Monday, October 16, in the Union office Consult the bulletin board and meet with your new staff —BRUBECK
WAA Archery: There will be practices on Monday, October 16, and Thursday, October 10, at 4 o’clock on the archery range. All co-eds wishing to shoot in the archery tournament should get in at least one vractice —MOREHOUSE
PIA Dance Class: First class will meet at 7pm Tuesday, October 17, in the Memorial Gymnasium Bring your ticket and PIA membership card —LUTZ
DeMolay Chevaliers: All Chevaliers inteiested in observing obligatory day Monday, Octoboi 16, call me at 2036 —SMALLEY
EAT AT FRED'S EAT SHOP Try Our Homemade Barbecues 127 Vine Street
PHONE 6302
Information
FOUR BROADWAY STAGE PLAYS
NOV. 18
"WHAT A LIFE"
DEC. 9 "ON
BORROWED TIME"
FEB. 10
''GOLDEN BOY"
APRIL 13
"HEDDA GABLER"
0 ALL
STAR CAST 0
SEASON RESERVATIONS — NOW ON SALE —ORDER NOW TO OBTAIN CHOICE SEATS— PURCHASE SEASON RESERVATIONS AND SAVE
U. S. Govt. Graded Beef FRESH ^/VdotL. MEATS Compare your present canned good prices with our summer purchased BIRDSEYE prices on the following Fruits and Vegetables
. BROCCOLI CAULIFLOWER
SPINACH SQUASH
PEAS
ASPARAGUS
CORN
LIMA BEANS
PEACHES
STRAWBERRIES BLUEBERRIES RASPBERRIES
FROZEN BIRDSEYE VEGETABLES
LAFAYEHE FOOD LOCKERS
5355 - PHONES
2971
Theta Alpha Pi: There will be a meeting at the Phi Kapfla Tau house Sunday, October 16, at 8 p. m. —HETTEMA > I Ml Scrivener Club: Meeting Sunday, October 16. at 7:80 p. m. at 202 Waldron street. —MUNRO
Sophomore Union Workers: Important meeting of our staffs to plan Militery Ball decorations, Monday, October 16, in Urtion office. —HOFFER, CROW. Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting Wednesday evening, October 18, at 7:8D in room F of the Union. All student and faculty members please be present. ^ —McCAMMON. PIA Dance Class: Luther, Gnidek, Quinn, Whitson, Stone, Vanderlip, Boch, Hanson, Jockewicz, Karasch, Shanower, Goebel, Risbing, Kelley register with me for dance class before Tuesday night, October 17. —LUTZ
Basic Military: All basic military students whose uniforms do not fit correctly will please report to Supply Room at once for exchange. (10-16) —^HOLMES. CE 41: An examination for the removal of C and I grades will be held in room 208, CB building, from 1 to 4 p. m. on feturday, October 28. —GREVB.
Senators: All those planning to attend the picnic to be held Sunday, October 15,,^ please sign up in senate office Immediately, —ESTEY.
Christian Science Organization: A tian Science lecture in Fowler Hall Tuesday, October 17, at 8 p. m will take the place of the organization meeting. —FRANTZREB.
Distinguished Howitzer Squad: Entries for this competition must be submitted in writing to Major Faulconer or Major White at the Armory before 4 p m , Wednesday, October 26 Each entry will list by name the Executive and Assistant Executive, both juniors, and the Chief of Section and Gunner, both sophomores. It will also list, but not necessarily by number in the squad, 7 Cannoneers and 2 Chauffeuis, all sophomores Names once submitted may not be dropped or changed except for reasons acceptable to the Officers in Charge, named above. Entries will b» accepted in the order of receipt until the quota of 8 has been received —FAULCONER
Freshman Basketball Candidates: Follow ing report Tuesday and Thursday All othtrs will report Monday, Wednesday, and Friday: Barkley, Bauer, Blackburn, Briggs, Carroll, Comer, Crump, Dickman, Duncan, Fields, Hafer, Hoffman, Johnson, C. Keifer Krampe, Pyle, Raymond, Riley, Seaborg, Sparks, Stover, Sumner, Wickburg, and Wolford. ^ (10-18) —LAMBERT.
Reamer Club: Regular meeting Monday, October 16, at 8 o’clock in room F of the Union. Pledges report at 8:30 All members and pledges bring passports _ with all football and basketball coupons signed. —REILEY.
Freshman Ags: There will be an important meeting of all freshmen in the school of agriculture who aie interested in working on the Purdue Agriculturist in room 118 of Agriculture Hall at 4 p m Monday, October 16 —BURBRINK.
Electrical Engineering Students: All who expect to graduate prior to February, 1941, are expected to take the senior engineering inspection trip this fall Any student immediately. (10-22) —HARDING Alpha Lambda Delta Actives: Pledging Tuesday, October 17, at 7:16 in room C of the Union Full attendance expected —CARPENTER.
M. E. Students: Fees for memberships !■ the Purdue student branch of the ASMS may be paid in the Mechanical Engineering office on the second flooj^of the M. E. build(1016) —BRYAN. Indiana State Teachers’ Association; Memberships in the Indiana State Teachers’ Association are available in the general office of the Education and Applied Psychology Office. See Mrs. Wickersham. The cost of tickets is $2.00 which includes the price of Indiana Teacher. (10-19) —McCOMB. WAA Riflery: Six practices must be turned in before Deceniber 9. The following practice schedule will be In effect: Monday: 6:30—Ward 1 and Twin Pines. 7 ;00—Co-edda and Glenwood House. 7:30—The Gables and Otter-Be-Inn. _ 8 .00—Make-up 8:30—Kappa Kappa Gamma Tuesday: 6:30—Ward 2 and Theophilus 13. 7 :00—Collegianna and Kappa Alpha Theta 7 ;30—WRH North. 8-00—Pedalion and Chi Omega. 8:30—Pi Beta Phi. Wednesday: 6 :30—Riley House, SHE House, Ward 8. 7:00—Ann Teedale House and Brockway Co op House. 7:30—WRH South. 8 :00—^Thaeles. 8-30—Phi Mu. Thursday: 6:30—^Ward 4. 7:00—Alpha Chi Omega and Alpha Xi Delta. 7 :80—WRH West. 8’:00—^Make up. (10-16) —HARRISON
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Election of fall pledges Tuesday, October 17, at 7 :30 p. m in Chemical building, room 106, All members please attend ■—HALL
New Brown Brogue Oxfords Boofmaker Finish at The Varsity Boot Shop IN THE VILLAGE
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th dx Mam Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Dairy Products
^ Florists
M. E. MOREHOUSE DIARY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214 • Hardware Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE •321 State St Phone 4354
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
• Locksmith
KEYS & LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPT'S Z09-! 1 N 5th St. Phone 2828
GO TO THE GAME IN A
Pin your colors on this clean-cut Sportleigh topper and be the best dressed co-ed in the stadium. The smart collar can be worn open or buttoned right up to your chin. And though winds blow, the soft wool and camel's hair fabric will keep you worm as toast. This popular classic is lined with Rayon Satin Superba Cefonese* yam.
Natured only. Sizes 10 to 20 and 9 to 15
$17.95
ofcoCObL LOEB & M E NC COMPANY