^ I
Purdue
S.IW
Exponent
Volume 5L No. 183
Sundcqr. May 19# 1940
A Week of War
By J. H. McKee During The Past Ten Days Germany's Invading . . . troops have over run the Low Countries, pierced the French Maginot line, and are forcing their way toward Paris in a drive met by little effective resistance until yesterday. Temporarily yesterday the German advance seemed slowed down, but speculation was made that instead of a check the lull might be the “calm before another storm.” Last night the German columns were within 75 miles of the French capital. The day saw the official announcement that the Belgian port of Antwerp was in German hands. At sundown the Nazi Swastika flew from the flag pole above the Belgian capital building in Brussels.
Marshal Henri Retain . . . the 83 yeai’ old French soldier who in World War I defended Verdun against the German Crown Prince, was brought back to duty yesterday, by Premier Paul Bey'naud, from his ministerial post in Madrid, Spain. He will fill the office of vice-premier. Edouard Deladier, former premier, was named by Reynaud, foreign minister. Marshal Petain will be 84 this Friday. Maurice Gamelin . . . commander-in-chief of the French armies, asked his soldiers “unable to advance to accept death rather than abandon their positions.” The statement was part of his orders of the day yesterday. Indicating the grave danger of the French army the order was ended, “As always in the critical hours of our history, the watchword today is, ‘Conquer or die.’ We must conquer.” Asking Congress . . . for an airforce of fifty thousand fighting planes within the year and for an immediate appropriation of $896,000,000 for armament and $286,000,000 for contractual ob-
ligations, President Roosevelt told the nation in his speech to Congress last week that “more than ever the protection of the whole Western Hemisphere against the invasion or control or domination by nonAmerican nations has the united support of the twenty-one American nations, including the United States.” His momentary requests of Congress, coupled with the earlier appropriation of two billion dollars, raised the national defense expenditures for the year to $3,182,000,000. Prime Minister . . . Winston Churchill and his new coalition government won a 381-0 vote of confidence in the House of Commons last week, after the prime minister had announced that the empire was entered “upon the greatest, battle in its ^history.” Former Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain sat in the House and heard Liberal Leader Sir Percy Harris praise him for resigning.
Gloom Spread
. . . over England last week, as the nation listened to the “bad coming from the fighting lines in the continent. British newspapers (Continued on page 4)
(PMsJjdsmL £UjuiiL (JimasuL by Herb 0raffis I Kditor’s Note: The following is an article by columnist Heib Graff is of the Chicago Times Syndicate which presents a tharacter sketch of Piesident Edward C. Elliott. WEST LAFAYETTE, IND.—Dr. Edward C. Elliott is the president of a great university that glorifies the ambitious kid, the edible live stock and the monkey-wrench. The glorification is done in the order named. Humans come first with Elliott, although Purdue university, where he is Boss Man, is known the world around as a top-ranking agricultural and engineering school. ^ Elliott is a man who looks as though he could paw a mean hoe himself. His pappy was a horse-shoer. Ed didn’t get his the easy way. That’s one reason why each of the thousand students who’ll graduate from Purdue this June will step onto a platform and get the diploma direct from the hands of the president. Each kid’s name will be pronounced correctly— and that is no routine job. There are consonants enough to throw almost any able-bodied man who tackles the names of some of the Purdue students without practice. The enrollment is a cross-section of American ambition. After a college president gets through attending the lunches, teas and banquets that are on the schedule of a fellow like Mr. Elliott during the winter, the victim winds up with an aggravated case of banquet-belly and is dining on dyspepsia tablets. He might be excused for rushing his own , vacation and making the diplomatic dishing out a feroup job. But this Elliott knows that the parents of his kids regard this graduation as the realization of 20 years’ ambition. So the Boss goes through the routine of spotlighting each kid, and by reflection, the kid’s parents. Offhand, the performance might seem to be just a piece of polite circus, but in Elliott’s book it doesn’t figure out that way. He looks at the headlines of today’s papers and reasons that a fundamental of the American plan is to give the education of the common people the big play. The European plan of educating those who have a yen to be scholars hasn’t worked out well for the general public of Europe, according to what Ellottt sees in type. Ninety per cent of Purdue’s student body comes from families that have no servants. The kids have been accustomed to hustling for themselves. That’s a basic factor in the success of the school’s faculty of 600 in getting the establishment’s 7,000 students to hustle with their heads. Elliott is a common man and a rather humble one. He walks around among people and goes home at night impressed by how much he’s learned that day from some people who’ve never had formal educations. Consequently, he’s reluctant to define the province of the modern American university as precisely as does his friend Robert Maynard Hutchins of the University of Chicago. Ed says to Bob it may be all O. K. for kids to become scholars in the cloistered halls of Bob’s plant, but if it weren’t for Ed’s kids learning how to i-aise bacon and improve plumbing, down at the Purdue place, Bob’s kids would be looking up the Latin for “hell of a fix.” Not only the full-time students get the works at Purdue. There are about 40,000 Hoosiers coming to Purdue for conference each school year. They’re grown-ups to whom education means making a better living. That’s an objective that isn’t outside of the scope of the highest degree of scholarship, as Elliott sees the picture. (Continued on page 4)
Model Plane Flyers Will Compete Today In 2nd Annual Meet Purdue aeromodelers will compete at the second annual University outdoor model airplane contest at 9 o’clock this morning at South Ninth street, about six miles south of Main street. The public in invited to attend the contest, according to Aeromodeler Club officials. The route to the contest will be marked by roadway signs. A large number of outstanding model flyers from Chicago, Indianapolis, Fort Wayne, and Gary will provide competition for the local builders. Among those competing will be Carl Goldberg, ace gas model flyer and designer of the famous Comet “Zipper.” Numerous other nationally known model airplane flyers are planning to compete. With good weather conditions, it is highly possible that several of these flyers will set new national records in each event. There will be three separate events in the meet. Of the greatest interest to those attending the meet will be the gas model event, as with plenty of new designs, competition will be exceedingly keen, model club officials stated. The rubber powered model and glider events will also prove interesting, officials continued. This contest will be the largest ever held in this part of Indiana. It is the first in a series of important meets which will be held by the various leading model clubs in the state. Since next week is the last week of school, this meet will mark the close of the Aei^^omodelers’ activity for the present season. Manning Will Speak At Physiology Dinner Dr. Winston M. Manning of the botany depax’tment of the University of Wisconsin will speak before members of the Plant Physiology Society and its guests tomorrow evening at 6:30 o’clock at the annual spring dinner of the society which will be held in room 363 of the Union. Dr. Manning received his bachelor of arts degree from American University in 1930, and his doctor of philosophy from Brown in 19^3. In 1934 he removed to the University of Wisconsin as assistant chemist and botanist. In 1936 he became research associate in limnology where he has done special and significant work in photosynthesis. Because of photosynthesis’ basic importance to botanists, agricultural chemists and agriculturists, society officials recommend attendance of all interested persons. Herzberg To Deliver Series Of Lectures In continuation of its visiting lecturer series the physics department yesterday announced a series of lectures on molecular spectra and structure which will be delivered by Prof. Garhard Herzberg of the University of Saskatchewan. Professor Herzberg will present his first lecture Tuesday at 4 p.m. in the lecture room of the Physics building, and will continue the series during the next three weeks with lectures every Tuesday, Thursday and Satui-day at 4 p.m. Specifically, his topic at these periods will deal with the systematics of diatomic and polyatomic spectra and their applications to fundamental problems in physics and chemistry. On Tuesdays and Thursdays at 7:30 p.m. Professor Herzberg will hold a seminar on special topics in molecular structure.
Exponenf Board There will be a meeting of the old and newly-elected members of the Exponent Board in the conference room of the' Agricultural Experiment Stjfti'on Monday at 4:15 p.m. Organization and plans will be discussed. -^DONAHUE.
Michigan Defeats Boilermakers^ 7-1; Bond Stops Riveters With Four Safeties
Thetas Celebrate 25th Anniversary Of Local Chapter Brunch served this morning at 10:30 in the Memorial Union and a tea for all faculty members, alumnae, townspeople, and guests at the chapter house from 3 to 6 p.m. will close the activities of the local chapter of Kappa Alpha Theta, celebrating the twenty-fifth anniversary of the founding of the local organization of the national sorority. Approximately 200 alumnae and actives registered for the event. Activities for the affair began yesterday with a luncheon held at the chapter house. ImmedImmediately following the luncheon a talk on old Theta pins, by Mrs. Mary Maurer, president of district number 1, was presented. The highlight of the celebration was the formal banquet hel^ last night at 7 o’clock in the Union. The feature of the program was a talk, “Theta’s Twenty-Five Years at Purdue,” given by Ida Bell Powsley Adams, of the class of 1915, and Margaret Saurer, HE ’40. Special guest was representative of the national organization, Mrs. Mary Maurer. Marcia Kenyon Bissell, Cleveland, presented a group of songs, and a silver anniversary gift was presented to the chapter, with individual gifts to the seniors. Alpha Chi, local chapter, was founded on the campus on May 22, 1915, after Phi Lambda Psi, local s'orority, was granted a Theta charter. At this time 30 co-eds were initiated into the organization. The chapter has the distinction of being the first national women’s fraternity to be organized at the University. At the present time there are 400 initiates, with 69 active members in the chapter. University Orchestra Will Play In Music Room Today At 4 The Union will present its regular Sunday afternoon Music room program this afternoon featuring the University Orchestra under the direction of Joseph M. Ragains and violin soloist Vernon Westburg. The program will begin at 4 p.m. in the Music room of the Union. The program is as follows: Two characteristic dances (Nutcracker Suite) .... Tschaikowsky a) March b) Danse Arabe Valse des Fleurs (Nutcracker Suite) Tschaikowsky University Orchestra Hymn to the Sun .... Rimsky-Kor-sakow-Kreisler Hejre Kati Jeno Hubay Vernon Westburg, violin soloist Mary L. Switzer, accompanist Andante and Gavotte Dasch Three dances from Henry VIII f.. E. German a) Morris Dance b) Shepherd’s Dance c) Torch Dance University Orchestra Friml Favorites .... Friml-Grofe Magic Flute Overture .... Mozart Wesley Players Present Three-Act Play Tonight Tonight at 8 o’clock in the Morton School auditorium the University Wesley Players will presei^t “The Tinker,” a three-act play. The cast is being directed by F. K. Broome, of the University agricultural chemistry department. Those taking part in the production are Winifred Thompson, Merwin Scott, William Peterson, Mary Ruth Vaught, Welbourne Tooker, Fairie Tooen, and Wayne Shaffer. Free tickets may be obtained from members of the Wesley group or at the Wesley Foundation.
Efficient hurling by Wolverine Bond, who limited the Boilermaker bats to a quartet of safe hits and a lone tally, combined with strong hitting support by his teammates enabled the Michigan nine to hand the Riveters their second consecutive loss in as many days yesterday afternoon to win by the top ehavy score of 7-1. Bob Bailey started the game for the Boilermakers, but was relieved in the eighth in favor of versatile Dick Wargo after the Ann Arbor sluggers had scored six runs
off the Riveter mound ace.
I The game started as a pitching
duel between Bond and Bailey, with neither team scoring for three innings. In the fourth the Wolves touched Bailey for their first runThe fifth frame was Michigan’s big inning, when they pounded the Gold and Black pitcher for a trio of runs.
Wolves Oat For Blood
After settling down in the sixth inning to hold the victors scoreless and hitless, the Riveters weakened again in the seventh to allow another man to score for the Wolverines. With one out in the eighth, the northmen began another rally. After the sixth Michigan run had crossed the plate. Coach Fehring replaced Bailey with Wargo, who allowed another run to score before
retiring the side.
Bond pitched shutout ball until the first half of the ninth, when the Boilermakers scored their lone tally of the game. He held the losers well in hand during the entire
game.
“Dizzy Dean Arm” Bailey appeared to be suffering a similar attack of “Dizzy Dean arm” to that which caused him to lose all control in the Illinois series last week. It was his lack of control that got him into trouble first in the third and later in following innings. He walked qight and hit two batters before he was removed in the eighth. Michigan, got only nine hits to score their seven runs. Final Conference Game The game marked the 1940 Western Conference finale for the Boilermakers, with a season’s conference record of two wins and seven defeat-o The Wolverines h^e a single game to play with Jimnesota before ending the sea-
son.
Score by Innings: Purdue 000 000 001 141 Michigan 000 130 12x 791 Batteries: Purdue—Bailey, Warga, and Fisher; Michigan: Bond and Harms. - Friday’s Game Two erroneous plays in the eleventh inning cost the Boilermakers a victory in the first game of the two-day stand against Michigan Friday afternoon, after a timely ninth inning rally by the Riveters had sent the game into extra innings. Final score, 6-5.
Sfafe-Wide Institute Of Foremen Closes With Dinner, Address Approximately one thousand industrial foremen and executives from over the state ended their day-long Foremen’s Institute of Indiana last night at 6 o’clock with a banquet in the south ballroom of the Union. This institute, the first of its kind held in Indiana, opened
at 10 a.m. yesterday.
The concluding banquet last night was addressed by Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the University division of education and applied psychology, on the topic, “The Foreman:
To Lead and to Follow.”
During the morning session Frank C. Hockema, assistant to the president, delivered an address of welcome. C. S. Craigmile, vicepresident of the Belden Manufacturing Co. of Chicago, spoke on the ‘ “Profits from Good Industrial Relations,” and T. H. Quigley, of the Georgia School of Technology, talked upon “The Foreman of To-
morrow.”
Louis Ruthenberg, president of Servel, Inc., of Evansville, spoke before the assembled foremen at the luncheon on “The Foi*eman’s Place
in Management.”
Pi Tau Sigma . . . mechanical engineering honorary, announces the election of the following officers: H. Wist, president; W. K. Grise, vice-president; K. J. Thompson, secretary; and T. W. Wolverton, treasurer.
Exponent Freshmen TJie following freshmen are scheduled to work on Exponent Monday, May 20: Van Dusen, Rockefeller, Bach, Neff, Holabaugh, Munger. Co-eds assigned to work Monday are: Weiss, Bollman, Zachary, Simmons, Pfisterer. Work begins prolhptly at
4 p.m.
Hank Miller Finishes ThreeYear's Service With WBAA In Campus Varieties Finale
By Elmer M. Thran Climaxing three years of entertainment provision for the campus, Hank Miller presented on the stage of Fowler Hall yesterday afternoon the last of the Campus Variety shows. When in November, 1937, Miller took over the program it was a sickly half-hour show that was fading'. By putting some of the best talent of the campus on the show and increasing the time to a full hour. Miller has built up the fine program that we enjoyed all through the past year.' It has been the custom of the program to present the kind of entertainment the campus has wanted. Campus bands highlighted the show, and there always were numerous groups and soloists on the program. The Melody Maids, Benny Burns, ^he Glee Club, and othei's reappeared time after time at the request of the audience. These programs were always open to the public and they had a large following among the listeners of WBAA. Campus Varieties The program yesterday afternoon was outstanding for several re?is-
ons; it was the last program, it featured three bands instead of the usual one, it had an array of talent greater than any show in the past^ and was for the first time recorded. The recording of the hour will be presented some place in the Union later in the week. Many of the performers on yesterday’s show were appearing on a campus production for their last time as students. Miller, Benny Burns, Pat Heine and others .are seniors and will not be here when the next semester comes around. Yesterday’s show was highlighted by the appearance of the bands of Irvan Maury, Paul Reedy and Bill Martin. Prominent on the prograna madel, Jean Skinner and her Melmadel, Jean Skinner, and her Melody Maids, Pat Heine, Dick Pittenger, and Jim McKillip. An interesting point on the show was the playing of “Stardust.” “Stardust” is a favorite of the campus and to feature it yesterday. Bill Martin and his band played it in the original orchestrations of Hoagy Carmichael. These were made in 1927 and were quite different from most heard today...A 4-«'‘ s-^I.<=i-1^»-',-*^
P'S:4»-- ” rf
Fields Places First In Freshman Stock Judging Competition J. W. Fields with a total of 523 points out of a possible six hundred carried off top honors in the annual stock judging contest for freshman animal husbandry sections held all day yesterday in the stock pavilion. R. W. Hardin with a score of 512 points finished a close second, with H. L. Kilgore with 509 points winning third place. Other winners include: H. G. Diesslin, 496 points; W. E. Davis, 494 points; T. 0. Blank, 485 points; D. E. Bailey and Paul Eckler, 484 points each; and D. L. Strole and Paul Grawl, 478 points each. The contest opened at 8 a. m. and closed at 3 p.m. Professor F. G. King, head of the animal husbandry department, spoke at the smoker for participants held last night at the Alpha Gamma Eho fraternity. Winners were announced at the smoker. Stanley Hurst was in charge of the smoker. Meredith Club Hears Benedicta Goncalves Principal speaker at the annual banquet of the Virginia Meredith Club and Omicron Nu, Home-Econ-omics honorary, Friday liight in the Home Economics Cafeteria was Benedicta Goncalves. Her tojpic dealt with friendly relations between. North and South America. Other talks were given by Miss Britts Kraepelien, Alice Goncalves, and Dr. Herta Leng of Vienna, Austria, who is here on an AAUW fellowship doing work in the physics department. An award was presented to Mary Ann Carpenter as the outstanding freshman of last year. The award was based on personality, scholarship, and service. Officers for the coming year were introduced as follows: Agnes McCullough, president, Mary Edith Monk, vice-president; and Judas Ann AuCh, secretary-treasurer. Personnel Notes ME seniors interested in engineering training with a large steel company in northern Indiana should interview Glenn Huron, manager of the State Employment Service, N. Fourth Street, Lafayette, at once.
C. E. Cox, chief engineer, Chicago Pneumatic Tool Company, Franklin, Penn., is interested in employing an ME senior for engineering publicity work. P. W. Watt, of the Washington National Insurance Company, Evanston, 111., has salaried jobs for seniors to sell group insurance. Those interested should apply directly to Mr. Watt for further information.
Dr. Thomas Ashton, personnel director. Anchor - Hocking Glass Company, Lancaster’, O., is interested in engineering seniors for sales or production work.
The Beveridge Paper Company, Indianapolis, Indiana, wants an ME senior to serve as a millwright mechanic. He should live in tlie city.
Mr. C. E. Lentz, general superintendent, Singer Manufacturing Company, South Bend, Indiana, makers of sewing machines, is interested in employing engineering graduates for manufacturing, maintenance and engineering department.
Mr. J. M. Sullivan, Detroit Edison Co., will visit Purdue soon to interview EE seniors interested in power sales.
Mr. W. K. Howe, of the General Railway Signal Company, Rochester, New York, is visiting Pimdue soon to interview ME seniors for engineering work. Mr. C. G. Kopplin, production manager of the Union Special Machine Company, manufacturers of industrial sewing machines, Chicago, plans to employ two ME sophomores for summer work.
Mr. A. J. Couture, personnel department of the Geo. J, Meyer Mfg. Co., Milwaukee, Wis., designers and and manufacturers of bottle clean-
3{inL atuL diah.
By Ruth Rose
With finals just around that wellknown corner, the boys and girls seem to be taking advantage of the last minute opportunities to have their fling at life before they settle down for those two week of cramming. ' H & H Last night found the members and guests of Alpha Sigma Phi, Tau Kappa Epsilon, and Alpha Kappa Lambda fratei’nities at the annual spring dance of this triad in the Union south ballroom. Music was furnished by Paul Reedy and his orchestra. Both the ATOs and Phi Taus also entertained last night with dances at their respective chapter houses. H & H If within the next week you see some freshman or senior co-ed proudly displaying a new pin, don’t become too excited and start wondering who the lucky man is. The girl is probably a new member of Mortar Board, senior women’s honorary, or Alpha Lambda Delta, freshman co-ed honorary. Both organizations held initiation for their pledges this morning. -V. H & H Congratulations are in order for the members of Kappa Alpha Theta sorority who are this week-end observing the twenty-fifth anniversai’y of the founding of their local chapter. They have planned a gala • celebration, including a formal dinner and tea and an informal breakfast. AChSSection Meets At WabashCollege The May meeting of the University section of the American Chem- • ical Society was held’ last night at Crawfordsville, Ind., with dinner in the Masonic Hall at 6 o’clock. At 7:30 o’clock in Goodrich Hall on the Wabash College campus. Dr. Albert H. Henne spoke on organic fluorides. He received his Ph. D. degree fi’om Brussels University in Brussels, Belgium, and is now director of research for the Midgley Foundation at Ohio State University.
Briefs By Clarence
Dean Jean, It was very nice of you to show an interest in the Purdue campus by writing that lovely letter yesterday. Now that you have moved to Macon, Georgia, it is important for you to know more about our college, since you won’t be able to visit the campus next year at open house, where you could learn all about our school. All right, so you’ll be interested to know about some of the research that’s been going on. Some of the Science students studying psychology have just recently announced j-he results of a complicated survey. Announcement: “If people don’t like something, they won’t enjoy it.” • And then I’m sure you’d be interested in the way • students learp things. They go to class and take tests. I can’t properly explain this system, but it evidently works. There’s really nothing much to write today, we’ve been having weather, as usual, but that’s all. I’ll write to you again tomorrow, or the day after, when you’ve moved to Montpelier, Vermont. My address is still the same. Exponent Office, Purdue Union. Love and kisses. Judy.
ing equipment, washers, pasteurizers, fillers, crowners and conveyors, wishes to employ some ME seniors with good scholarship and personality for a company training program preparatory to service engineering.
Mr. R, F. Hopkins, Employment Manager, Chevrolet Gear & Axle & Forge Division, General Motors, Detroit, plans to employ several ME seniors for manufacturing work.
PUIDOE BZFONBNT
Sundoy, May 19. 1940
A. R. Tomlin, assistant chief engineer, Northern Indiana Power Company, Indianapolis, plans to employ juniors in the EE school for summer work.
Henry Visits Campus Tomorrow, Tuesday Clarence Henry, public relations manager of the Chicago Board of Trade, will visit the University tomorrow and Tuesday. While on the campus he will talk to classes in distribution, discussing the problems involved in this field. He will also present the problems of international trade as they affect the basic raw materials, both for industry and for agriculture. Henry has spent sev.eral years in extension work at the University and is well-known on the campus. His present work at the Board of Trade brings him into intimate contact with all the problems involved in the raw material distribution. Tomorrow morning at 8 o’clock, Henry will ^peak to the agricultural group in farm management No. 3, in room 117 of the Horticulture building. Following this talk, he will spend the rest of the day in confei’ence with farm management groups. On Tuesday, Clarence Henry will talk to the classes in industrial distribution in room 306 of Heavilon Hall, speaking before the GE 151 classes at 8 a.m. and the GE 105 class at 9 a.m. Theta Alpha Phi . . . honorary dramatic fraternity, announces the pledging of the following: Thais Crepps, Sue Enders, Betty Erick, Ellen Kepner, Harold Martin, Roger Lindsey, Alice Martens, and Robert Peter-
Classified Ads IDS SALB
FOR SALE — Typewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Ebersheff, 605 Main street.
For Sale: A good drug store doing an excellent paying business in a good Ohio city. Goris-Hockema Eeglty Co., 411 Ferry St., Lafayette, Ind.
For Sale: 1928 Sport Deluxe Buick Cpe., good tires, good running condition. See this before buying. Address 808% Highland. Phone 7706.
For Sale: Underwood typewriter for sale. Like new, bargain if taken at once for cash. Write immediately Box 226, Purdue Exponent; c /o Circulation.
FOE RENT Russ—Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 71644.
Wanted—2 men students for large: downstairs room for September. $22.80 per Mo. Room and board. Call 2160. 176 Littleton.
For Rent—Summer ^tudent rooms for fellows in new insulateff brick home. Tiled shower, twin beds, private entrance. Reasonable. Ph. 2143.
LOST AND FOUND Lost: National Championship Music Medal. Would appreciate greatly its return. Reward. Roy Coers, 6028.
Found: Camera equipment. Owner claim by identifying and paying for insertion. Call 46634 between 7 to 9 p.m.
TODAY - MONDAY
— 2 SWELL FEATURES
—- IT'S FIRST RUN PLUS—2ND FEATURE
MAE
WESPflElDS MylitfleOiickadee
Zachariasen Opens Series Of Lectures Friday night Professor W. H. Zachariasen of the University of Chicago delivered the first in a series of lectures, sponsored by the physics department, on the solid state. His subject was “Diffused Scattering of X-Rays by Crystals.” At 4 o’clock y e s t e r d a y Zacharjasen continued the' series with a lecture on the “Dynamical Theory for X-Ray Diffraction.” The final lecture in the series will be given tomorrow evening at 7:30 o’clock by Professor Edward Teller of George Washington University, Washington, D. C. He will explain the Vander Waal forces between molecules and metals. The lectures are designed for both chemists and physicists.
MIN ANP BEAR IT
Notices
Tau Beta Pi: Meeting for election of officers Tuesday, May 21, at 7 p.m. in east reception room of Union. ■ —KEEN. Radio Club: Picnic Tuesday, May 21; leaving from front of EE building at 4 :20 p.m. Reservations must be made by Monday. Call 71334. —PITCHER.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting Tuesday, May 21, at 7:30 p.m. in room 303 of the Union. ■ —KNIPP.
Independent Students: All men students interested in starting a new men’s cooperative house will meet in room 54 of the Union at 7:30 p.m., Monday, May 20. —ZINSKI. Hillel: Picnic Sunday, May 19, at 4:15 p.m. at Murdock Park. Everyone except the senior members in good standing bring twenty-five cents. —GLUCK.
Junior Group AAUW: Planning old fad picnic for Monday, May 20, at 6 p. m. west of stadium. Girls in slacks, etc.; members only. • —FELDT. Camera Club: No meeting this week. Get exhibit prints from Student Union office. —GEPHART.
MT 8, Military Second Year Advanced Course: _ Final date for make-up of work missed is Wednesday, May 22. —THOMPSON.
Registration Workers: Students who wish to work for the Registrar during the first semester registration, September 9, 10, and 11, are requested to make application, before the end of the present year, on blanks to be obtained at the Registrar’s office. Those with previous experience at registration or in other clerical jobs are given preference. —R. B. STONE, REGISTRAR. Purdue Religious Conncil: Last meeting of the year will be Wednesday, May 22, in room 68 of the Union. All members are urged to be present. —MANAGERS.
Gimlet: Election of officers Monday, May 20, at Sigma Nu house at 8 p.m. —FRAZEE. Undergraduate Dames: Picnic has been changed to this Sunday, May 19. Meet at Katherine Shades at 9 a,m. —GERSTUNG.
Alpha Lambda Delta Actives: Initiation Sunday, May 19, at 8 a.m. in room 304 of the Union. Every active plan to attend. —CARPENTER.
All Students: Outing Club hike to Potter’s Hollow Sunday, May 19, 1940. Leaving State St. and North River Road at 11:30 a.m. Bring bathing suits. —COOLEY.
Radio Club: Picnic Tuesday, May 21. We will leave from in front of the EE building at 4:20 p.m. Make reservations with me by Monday, May 20. Those who have cars let me know when making reservations. Phone 71334. —PITCHER.
JMaiiI
STARTS TODAY —2 FIRST RUN HITS— Ridin' High in Hilarity!
You'll die laughing when the Weavers meet Chee-Chee the hottest thing from Paris!
— PLUS.
Salute the grandest, gayest fun film ever to make you laugh out loud! ^~jfAS JAMES PARKER’DUNN
IONt^IIATT
MARTIN SPELLMAN
I
7.70
Uopp. imo by United Feature syndicate, mo. „ Tm. Ee». U. 8. Pat. OffiS—AD rtihto reserred y
‘Yesterday the Truffles refused my invitation, and now the Snodgrasses won’t come to spend the evening-— Oh, Waldo, please give up this terrible war!”
PIA Board: Meet in PIA office at 8 a.m. Sunday, May 19. Bus leaves west entrance of Union for Turkey Run at 8:16. Dress for hiking. —ARCHIBALD.
Alpha Phi Omega: Banquet will be held in the Old Chestniit room in Union at 6:30 p.m. Sunday, May 19. Pledges be present at 4 :46. —YATES.
All Students: Every student whose plan of study for the year 1940-41 calls for elective or optional subjects is required to make his choice of electives before the close of the present semester. Such a student should consult the Dean or Head of his school at an early date. This notice applies to: all present Juniors except Engineering-Law ; all present Sophomores except in Forestry; all present Freshmen except those in Forestry and those Freshmen Engineers expecting to take Chemical, Metallurgical, Mechanical or' Public Service Engineering, or EngnieeringLaw, and all irregular students. Reprints of the Plans of Study for the various schools are available at the offices of the School Heads and the Registrar, Also a limited number of Reprints of “Undergraduate Plans of Study and Description of Courses’’ are available at the Registrar’s Office. The general catalogue is not distributed to students. Copies are available for inspection in the Registrar’s Office and the Library. Ralph B. Stone, Registrar. (B-28)
Scriveners: Pledging in the Union Sunday night. All members required to be there. —IRWIN.
AIChE: Meeting for the election of officers will be held Tuesday, May 21, at 4 p.m., in lecture room of Chemical Engineering building. Be there. —MYERS.
Purdue Religious Council: The last meeting of the year will be Wednesday, May 22, in room 58 of the Uniob. All members are urged to be present. —MARQUIS.
Scabbard and Blade: Meeting on Thursday, May 23, at 7 -.30 p.m. in room 355 in the Union. —MEESE. Co-ops: Regular SCA board meeting will be held Tuesday night. May 21, at 7 :30 p.m. in SCA room of the Union. —BROWN.
All Students: Any student who has definite plana to change in September from one school or curriculum to another is advised to file his application before the end of the present year. Blanks are at the Registrar’s Office. (8-28)
AIChE: Meeting for election of officers will be held Tuesday, May 21, at 4 p.m., in lecture room of Chemical Enginering building. Be there! (5-21) —MEYERS.
ARC
TODAY - MONDAY —
THE NAN IH®NNASK — WITH — LOUIS HAYWARD JOAN BENNETT —and-^
Cosmopolitan Club: Picnic Sunday, May 19. Meet in room 304 at 2:30 p.m. Bring 10 cents for food. Be back by 8 p.m. —SHICKEL.
NOW PLAYING
— ALSO — FERDINAND THE BULL
Ellen Drew Andy Devine Phil Harris--ROCHESTER
HOWARD SPRING’S GREAT NOVEL THAT ENCHANTED A MILLION READERS
inconsistencies in the story of a woman who held ||||| in her passionate heart both a father and son . .,
Madeleine Brian CARROll AHERNE Louis HAYWARD
MY SON, MY SON I Starts TODAY
flf-
* ®
■v' i
’.1 I
ISunday^ May 19. 1940
P0RDUE EXPONENT
Marquette Hands Riveter Tracksters First Loss - i
15 New Meet Records Set; Holderman, Weber Win
Buckeye Squad Downs Riveter Netters To Annex Mythical Title
Winning their second match in as many days, the Buckeyes from Columbus, Ohio, copped the mythical triangular tennis title on the Riveter courts yesterday afternoon copping all five singles fhatches and one doubles to trounce the stubborn Boilermakers 7-2. After blanking the Hoosiers 9-0 in straight sets Friday, the Staters defeated the Riveters by the identical score that the Riveter sextet stopped Indiana Thursday, 7-2. With the Riveters rallying to win
Greek Track Finale Scheduled Tuesday
mini Bowmen Win From Archery Club
number two and three duos from their respective pairs, they were able to hold the meet from being a walk away. Boilermakers Bob Anderson and Ray Lucht were forced to play three sets before the Ohio pair of Jerry Rosenthal and John (Red) Lewis yielded, 6-4, 1-6, 7- 5. In the final match of the afternoon Bill Berg and Bob Meihaus showed great superiority in downing Buckeyes John Janes and Vic Filimon, 8-6, 6-0. Lose Third Doubles In the remaining doubles match, which was the first, the Riveter duo composed of Captain Herb Fuente and Jim Hebbeler dropped their match 6-4, 6-1, to the Ohio combination of Dick McFarlan and Vic Filimon. Losing eve(ry singles battle in which they participated, the lone Riveter racqueteers looked unimpressive. Only two matches were anywhere near being close and in both of these, the man from Ohio easily outclassed his opponent in the second set after a hard fought initial opening set only to lose out 8- 6 and fade out in the second one 6-3. In the other close match, which was the third, sophomore Anderson made a good showing in the opening set which he lost 7-5 to Buckeye Rosenthal, but it was the same old story in the following set as he lost 6-1. Buckeyes Sweep Singles Losing the initial match 6-1, 6-2, Captain Fuente was completely outplayed by the Buck number one man, McFarlan. The remaining matches Were little competition for the Columbus boys. Fred Richards was severely trouced by his number four foe Lewis, 6-2, 6-1. In the final two singles matches, Ray Lucht and Bob Carlson were soundly trounced by Janes and Stevens 6-2, 6-0 and 6-3, respectively. This week the tennis courts will see plenty of action and good playing as the Boilermakers play a formerly lained out match with DePauw here tomorrow and act as host for the state meet later in the week. This meet, which will begin on Thursday, continue Friday and terminate Saturday, marks the first time that* the Riveter courts have acted as its site. •“With the defending champ Bill
Fay, captain of the Notre Dame squad, returning, the meet should produce some very good racket wielding. Fay who is undefeated in play this year will be the most widely watched man in the meet. Hebbeler’s Hop Gone Hopes in the meet are very excellent for the Riveters, who have the advantage of their home courts and having defeated the Hoosiers recently. Another ray of hope is the healing of Hebbeler’s ankle, which had been bothering Jim, a great deal lately. Even the smaller colleges will be represented and they always put up a good showing, especially Earlham which has produced more than its share of state’s champs. Yesterday’s match terminated the conference careers of Berg, Carlson, Fuente, Hebbeler, and Meihaus. Thus next year’s squad will be built around juniors Anderson and Lucht, and senior Richards. This season, the Boilermakers will not compete in the Big Ten meet as they will be entertaining the state netters. Complete Summary The complete summary of the meet is as follows Singles: (OS) defeated Fuente (P), 6-1, 6-2; Fillimon (OS) defeated Hebbeler (P), 8-6, 6-3; Rosenthal (OS) defeated Anderson (P), 7-5, 6-1; Lewis (OS) defeated Richards (P), 6-2, 6-1; Janes (OS) defeated Lucht (P), 6-2, 6-1; Stevens (OS) defeated Carson (P) 6-3, 6-3. Doubles: McFarlane and Filimon (OS) defeated Fuente and Hebbeler (P) 6-4, 6-1; Anderson and Lucht (P) defeated Rosenthal and Lewis (OS), 6-4, 1-6, 7-5; Berg and Meihaus (P) defeated Janes and Stevens (OS), 8-6, 6-0.
LeonDeWitte
. . . stellar Boilermaker halfback during the 1939 season, has signed to play piofessional football with the Detroit Lions of the National Piofessional Football league, it was announced yesterday by the club management. DeWitte, who hails from Mishawaka, Indiana, is the first Boilermaker ever to sign with the Detroit club.
the Purdue Exponent
service Directory
• Sekeel SuppUei
"DBACr Everything for a College Education
Da. aAta. a. ana Da.Lim«m a. ana Da. HAaoio ). ana 4th a Main
e Dairy Products
MILK
/ 250,000 Employed in Processing and Delivering
Sunshine Farms Phone 5015
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUAUrr MILK Phone 46214
• Profestkmal
Risk Dental CKnlc
97#!
e Hardware
Outfitter* for Fratemitiec and Sororitiet
EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354
Florists
Darner's Flower Shop Qualltir newer* Mein et 7th Phone 6050
• Locksmith
KEYS & LOCKS
Keys for trurtks, door locks, deek
• cks,
locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Wcyclas, ac-
cessories and repairing.
MULHAUPT'S
209-n N.sth St.
Phone 2828
( 7
With Kappa Sigma’s versatile track team leading at, the turn, the annual interfraternity track meet will be concluded Tuesiiay afternoon with the eight remaining events scheduled to be run off. The Kappa Sigs captured 13 points in the first leg of the meet, closely followed by a strong Beta team with only one less point. A group of SAE thinlies managed to roll up a score of 11 points to hold third place honors, with the Sigma Alpha Mus closely following with an even ten tallies. Kappa Sigma Carter and Sigma Alpha Mu Resnick led the individual scoring with 10 points apiece garnered by virtue of pairs of wins for each. The following ten events will take place Tuesday afternoon: Half mile lun, javelin, broad jump, high jump, 220 yard dash, two mile run, 220 yard low hurdles, and a relay race in which each man must cover
110 yards.
The University of Minnesota has announced a $600 prize in open competition for an 80-foot mural in its new Union.
A quartet of thp University of Illinois Archery Club membeis crossed bows with four members of the Boilermaker Archery Club yesterday afternoon on the three hole golf course just north of the Intramural Field with a resulting 119 point victory for the Illini, 16161497. Don Elliott, Orange and Blue ace, shot the high score for the afternoon with 437 points, just one point above teammate Cohen and just an octet of points above the high Riveter man, Reid Bennett. The match was conducted in American round fashion, with each man shooting 30 arrows from 60, 50, and 40 yard distances. The points tabulated are from a possible, though highly improbable, 810 points which would require a bulls-
eye for each arrow.
Complete summary of the meet: Illinois: Berry, 384; Brice, 359; Cohen, 436; Elliott, 437—^total points: 1616. Purdue: Bennett, 429; Jack Cooper, 375; Reid Bennett, 429; Paul Pontius, 294—total: 1497.
Marquette University’s mighty track team conquered the Boilermakers yesterday afternoon at Milwaukee by a decisive score of 87-44 to chalk up their twelfth consecutive victory. The meet was a remarkable event in that each and every one of the first places set new meet records. Marquette won 11 firsts and the Riveters four.
Plummer Annexes Silver Mask Fencing Tourney
Columbia University is building a theatre arts building.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Morgan C. Plummer, a freshman engineer from Memphis, Tennessee, emerged the winner of the fencing toui nament sponsored by the Silver Mask, fencing honorary, Friday afternoon in the Fieldhouse. Run-ner-up to the champ was George Baciu, from Hammond. John S. Keeler, an entrant from Da3rton, Ohio, copped third place honors in the contest. These three winners will receive attractive medals as awards for their fencing prowess. The tournament was conducted in round-robin fashion, with over 20 entrants at the beginning"^ of the eliminations. Many of the entrants had had no previous experience, but were earlier coached by Silver Mask members. This year’s tournament was the first of the kind ever held and is comparable to the foimer annual freshmen tourneys.
Union Displays Art Work Until May 30
‘First you lose half of China, and now three of my best handkerchiefs!”
Exhibit of reproductions of drawings by the French master, Edgar Pegas, will be on display in the east reception room in the Union building until May 30th, according to Robert Parks, director of art activities in the Union. The exhibit is composed of 36 pencil, charcoal, pastel, and wash drawings which have been loaned to the Union by the John Herron Art Institute in Indianapolis. The exhibit presents many sides of the late nineteenth century Parisian life in which Degas took an active interest. Portraits, figure studies and landscapes, drawings of ballet girls and other stage folk sketches of laundresses, jockeys, and horses, of people glimpsed in cafes, museums, or on the street are included in the exhibit. Also until May 30 an exhibit of oils and watercolors by Olive Rush, Indiana artist, will be displayed in the Union music room.
We
are now Pa5ring 50% CASH for Second Hand Books Used at Purdue
DEAC’S
Everything for a College Education
CwdoJUU^, (DjUXpSLL CInojnsuL
With spring cleaning facing you, be sure to send all of your curtains and drapes to us. Freshly cleaned you will admire them with the satisfaction we guarantee to you. Every job is inspected for perfection before you receive it.
Phone 4081
4081 Phone
-The Lowest Price That Quality Permits-
Ed Holdeiman continued to add to his fame as one of the nation’s outstanding distance men by continuing his victory streak unbroken and adding ten points to his team’s total by virtue of wins in the mile and half mile luns. Weber Wins Pair Jake Weber, who tossed the shot further than any other Big Tenner this season, duplicated Holdei man’s feat by copping firsts in both the shot put and the discus. Rankm won a second in the 220 yaid high hurdles, Vollmer in the javelin, and Captain Shackleton in the 440 for the only Boilerniaker seconds. The Hilltoppers, who are lated on a par with Michigan as a dual meet team, scored in every event at least once, and scored s|iutouts in three events. Balanced power in all events was the mainliner in their ability to hand the Riveters their initial loss after four straight yrins. Relay Victorious The Boilermaker relay team won the final Gold and Black fiist in the time of 3:24 minutes. Few of the times set in this meet were on a par with the Riveter times in the Illinois victory last week.
Post Otfice Changes Mail Collection Time To 9 P M
Mail, in order to be dispatched on the first mail trains scheduled, will be taken from the mail box in front of the West Lafayette Branch Postoffice and from the mail box on the post at State and Vine streets at 9 p.m. instead of at 10 p.m. starting June 1, a dispatch from Robert E. Connolly, postmaster of the Lafayette Postoffice, reported last night. Advancement of time is being made because of changing schedules and increased amount of mail, the dispatch stated.
Pi Kappa Sigma
... is leading all other organized groups in the race for the interfraternity trophy with 576 points, holding a margin of three points over their nearest competitors. Phi Kappa Tau. Alpha Gamma Rho and Beta Theta Pi are tied for third place and fourth places with 570; while Kappa Sigma trails two points back. Lambda Chi Alpha holds sixth place with 563. However, baseball, tennis, outdoor track, and archery points must still be added to these totals before the final standing can be announced.
Commencement
. . . tickets which have not as yet been distributed will be available to those who applied for them in the north room of the alumni offices from 4:15 to 5:15 p.m., 'Tues* day. This is probably the last time that these tickets will be available until the morning of Sunday, June 9, according to the Gala Week committee.
Dr. Carlson Will Discuss
Cosmic Rays In Lecture
“Elementary Particles and Cosmic Rays” will be the subject of Dr. J. F. Carlson of the physics department for the “'TwentiethCentury Physics” series lectui'e to morrow at 7:30 p.m. in the Physics building lecture room. Dr. Carlson, who has done majox research work at the University in the theory of cosmic rays, will discuss the fundamental experiments in the discovery of the positron, neutron, and mesotion.
Indiana College, predecessor of Indiana University, was established by act of the state general assembly Jan. 24, 1828.PUBDUE EXPONENT
Sunday, May 19, 1940
-t i
Jinuds^ JoUl Speaking For The New Staff . . . we’d like to acknowledge with our deepest appreciation the many well wishes which have reached our ears in the past 24 hours. We would also like to express our regrets to the members of this year’s staff who didn’t weather the elections. We’re going to miss seeing them around because of both their companionship and their work. To the retiring seniors with whom we have worked for the past few years we say “Thanks for all your help, advice, and guidance.” We believe that the new arrangement for the editorial board will make for greater efficiency in both staff operation and caliber of copy. To our student readers we can only say that we will try our best to measure up to the responsibility which the retiring senior board has placed upon us. The Exponent, you must realize is your paper. If, during the course of the next year, it does not measure up to your expectations of a newspaper, we will appreciate hearing about it. But please make your complaints to one of us on the staff. We do not set ourselves uj) as an arbitrary model of perfection as a newspaper, but we will try to put forth our sincerest efforts in the direction of perfection. During the next few days the staff will be in the throes of re-organization with its usual
Entered u'lecond claai natter at tka n>*t elBee in Iafayette, Indiana, under the,act el Contrees of March t, 1879, and at the special rate of postaBe prorided for in lection 1108, abt of October 3, 1917, authorized Januory 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday durinc the reicnlar academic year and weekly durinc the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. I
Editor-in-Chief Business Manager
R. W. Donahue Merle Hagemeyer
PublicaHon Staff
News Editor J. H. McKee ManagmK Editor D_. K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Ruffner, R. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. E. Dangelmajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M.
Rectenwald. Co-ed Staff Beth Simpson
Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna
Editor
Associate Editors;
Siess.
Sports Staff
Editor Associate Editors : Swaim.
J. F. Adamson,
J. P. Dolan P. C. Johnson, R. O.
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 279Z Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Avc, New York, N. Y.
attendant confusion. If your paper doesn’t reach you at its usual time or if there is an error in the copy, please bear with us and be assured that things will be running smoothly within a few days. —R. W. D.
PRESIDENT ELLIOTT VIEWED (Continued from page 1)
The Purdue president is confident that this American plan of education, on which he admits his own school has no monopoly, is Grade A FiveStar national defense. This system shies away from any spirit of condescension. It sweats like the common folks. By making manifest a high respect for the wisdom of the ordinary solid citizen, the American plan of education contributes to the citizen’s firm belief in his own judgment. Therefore, by the way Elliott looks at the American educator’s job, this countiy is becoming slowly immunized to the wordy hooey of aspiring dictators. President Elliott went to the Philippines a couple of years ago to survey the university situation in that country. He was talking with Manuel Quezon about the work that had to be done. Outside, on the Malancan giounds, two peasants were trimming hedges. Elliott looked out the window, then turned to Quezon. “Your Excellency,” the Puidue man remarked, “we’d better begin our discussion from a fresh start. We’ve been talking about our budget for scholars, but any budget’s full of waste that doesn’t register as opportunity with those people out there.” That’s the policy at Purdue. Half the work is done with the students; the other half with their parents, other relatives, and neighbors. The university education is being conducted as a public utility. The scientific spirit that has done so well by the monkey-wrenches and the live stock is doing its stuff for the happier living of good, ordinary human beings.
A Week Of War (Continued from page 1)
spoke of the new developments as “extremely giave.” The Italian Legation . . . yesterday advised its countrymen living in Rumania to return home immediately, as war-clouds daikened the Balkans. And as Italians left the countiy the foreign minister ordered at least ten thousand foreigners out of Rumania, and canceled all visitors’ permits issued before May 1. Greece enlarged her standing army during the week by calling up another class of reserves—men under 26 years—to report within the week. Two Nazi Guards ... of honor were placed outside the exile castle of ex-Kaiser Wilhelm II near Doom, Holland, following the German occupation of the suriounding territory. But the former head of Germany’s 1914 invading armies has now no design to leturn to Germany, though as one newspapei columnist put it, “he still wants to see Paris,” Anfi-British Demonstrations . . . bioke out in Rome last week when demonstrationists marched to the British emba.ssy carrying a mock coffin. The mob was dispersed by armed soldiers. Nearly eight thousand paradei's were silenced when Premier Mussolini apiieared merely to salute, but not to address the crowd. Americans In Italy . . . were lepoitedly warned by Ambassador William Phillips to leave the country unless vital interests compelled them to remain.
Invitations
WBAA I MONDAY 11:00—History of the 19th Century —Prof. V. J. Albjerg 11:50—^Purdue News Flashes 12:00—Ag Forum 12:15—Sports Review 12:30—Meet the Band 12:45—Markets 1:00—Principles of Sociology — Prof. T. K. Noss 1:45—Monitor Views the News 2:00—Safety Suggestion 2:30—Foods-Facts-Fancies 2:45—Mary Louise Switzer—
pianist
3:00—Little Red Schoolhouse
the Air
3:30—Scientific News 4:00—Melody Moods 4:45—^Story Book Hour
of
Announcement
Engineer May Issue Goes On Sale; Features Aviation May’s issue of the Purdue Engineer with 'aviation as its theme went on sale at the west desk of the Union yesterday. The Engineer contains an article on the installation of a new “blind” landing system at the experiment station of the Civil Aeronautics Authority in Indianapolis. It features a story on the Glider Club, and its growth during the past eight years from an obscure organization flying clumsy “crates” to one of the best equipped college organizations of its kind in the country. / Engineer Publishes Third Annual 'Browser's Guide' The Engineer also announces publication of the third annual “Browser’s Guide,” a key to recommended reading. The list is published in pamphlet form, and has the books divided into seven groups. It contains the author, title, and a brief description of each book. There will be copies in the Browsing room after tomorrow and other copies will be available free of charge to the student body if they will call for them at the Engineer office, officials of the publication said last night.
Step Right Up
. . . r^eader, and meet the six young men and women who will comprise the senior board for the 1940-41 Exponent. They are the editors and business manager of your paper, and you should feel free to discuss with them any of your campus ideas and opinions. They are the heads of their departments, but they are united in their desire to serve you the news which you want to see. « Twenty-four years ago our editor-in-chief, Robert Donahue, was born in the Windy City of Chicago. His experience after high school, three years as research lab assistant for Universal Oil Products, has given him a mature and analytical mind well qualified to carefully discriminate editorial wheat from editorial chaff. Bob is quiet, but his work is effective. Bob was once sports editor of the St. Bede Records at St. Bede’s Academy, Peru, 111. He was a swimmer at St. Bede’s, started to swim again here, but dropped because of the press of other activities. Bob has earned a major portion of his expenses in school, is now head waiter at Phi Kappa Sigma fraternity. He is a chemical engineer, organic option, an independent, and member of Reamer Club, Sigma Delta Chi, and Catalyst. No newcomer to the journalistic field, even at Purdue, is News Editor James H. McKee, Jr. A local boy, Jim was business manager of the West Sidean in his high school junior year, editor in his senior year. He has his guns points ed for a job in the newspaper world, or an allied field. Jim’s father,^ Prof. J. H. McKee, teaches the only journalism courses at Purdue, and before the McKees came up for Exponent elections, served as faculty member on the electoral board. Jim’s enthusiasm for whatever he undertakes is characteristic. About a year ago Jim thought he wanted to enter medical practice and proceeded to mount skeletons for practical learning . . . but he has stopped that. When not in the Exponent office, you may find Jim on the tennis courts, or reading on the front lawn of his home at 1'500 Ravinia Road. He is enrolled in the science school, majoring in history and economics. Sigma Chi, Sigma Delta Chi, and Gimlet Club also claim Jim’s attention. Managing Editor Dan Heiple ye shall know by his crew haircut and ready grin. He is the proud possessor of a ’39 V-8, and is almost as happy tinkering with an automobile engine as he usually is in the Exponent office. Dan comes from Peoria, 111., and “also swam” in the River Swim last year. Dan has worked four summers for a power company, and even now catches himself read-
ing an occasional meter “just for practice.” He was a member of the Prom committee, and is quite a capable manager for all of his 20 years. Dan is a member of Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity, Sigma Delta Chi, and Gimlet Club. To our present knowledge Edith Merle Hagemeyer is the first woman Exponent business manager. Consistent in her efficient office practice, Merle has proven her ability to handle the business end of a newspaper unassisted. She is included in the rolls of Kappa Alpha Theta sorority. Gold Peppers, Mortar Board, and comes from Norwood, Ohio. Apparently carefree and happy-go-lucky is Sports Editor Joe Dolan. But beneath this exterior lies a mighty love for sports, a “heart of gold,” and a great capacity for newspaper work. Joe was born in Lafayette, was sports editor of the Jeff Booster in his junior year and senior high school years, sports editor of the Jeff Nautilus, yearbook, in his senior year. He has also worked five years for the JournalCourier, and hopes to engage in athletic publicity work or sports writing after graduation. Joe is a member of Lambda Chi Alpha, Sigma Delta Chi, and Sigma Delta Psi. Born under western stars at Roundup, Montana, Co-ed Editor Beth Simpson is quiet, unassuming, but has proved her capability to handle news of special interest to the feminine element. Beth now lives in Fort Wayne, is a member of Gold Peppers and Mortar Board. She is taking home economics, and makes her Lafayette home in WRH West. And so our noisy, faithful old typewriter clatters for the last time on an Exponent editorial. The noise has been music to our ears for four perfect years, and a song that we shall miss. A good portion of this compelling stuff caller printer’s ink somehow got into our blood. We fondly remember, with others, writing many stories, our first “by-line,” nights behind the copydesk, making up the front page, last minute “scoops,” ink-stained noses, countless trips over the levee, old friendships, “wet proof,” early morning lunches over the makeup stone, and all the other things that are Exponent. These were precious moments in our life at Purdue . . . moments we dearly appreciate, hate to give up, and shall never forget. We had intended to say more about several things this year, but we hope that we have accomplished some real good or have provoked some serious thought. When this last deadline arrives, there is nothing to do but regretfully clean out the old desk with pleasant memories, wish greater success to the new staff, write a traditional “30” at the end of a farewell editorial, and thank you all. — D. G. Terrio, ’40.
. . . that flying cadet George Welch, Wilmington, Del., and Edwin A. Woods, Chicago, 111., former students at the University, have completed their primary training at Glendale, Calif., as army pilots and will leave at once for Randolph Field, Texas, has been made by Captain Kenneth P. McNaughton, commanding officer of the Army Air Corps Training Detachment at Glendale.
After the Ball!”
As one again returns one’s thoughts to daily curricular events—the wise things to remember include a Dependable Laundry and Cleaning Service. Call American—We Pick-Up and Deliver
132 Northwestern Ave.
American Laundry
Pkona 30S5
. . . and announcements ordered by seniors were to be shipped yesterday by the manufacturer and .should be ready for distribution early this week, the Gala Week committee said last night. Seniors may obtain their invitations and announcements upon presentation of their order receipts at the Union de.sk or bookstore where the order was placed.
u. FRESH
S. Govt. Graded Beef QwdmL (fjuJtA- MEATS
Ciompare your present canned good prices with our summer purchased BIRDSEYE prices on the following Fruits and Vegetables
PEAS BROCCOU ASPARAGUS CAULIFLOWER CORN SPINACH
LERA BEANS
SQUASH
PEACHES
STRAWBERRIES BLUEBERRIES RASPBERRIES
FROZEN BIRDSEYE VEGETABLES
LAFAYEHE FOOD LOCKERS
5355
PHONES
2971