■’ f v.VA
ihe 1 rtumijhapt^ boilermaker (iridders At I he Matron “Stj
Students Will Greet Victorious , Team With Early Pep Session
youth and many other intei/esting
subjects.
One of the highlights of the conference will be the annual banquet on Tuesday evening at which the
igan.
Nominated to complete the unexplred term of fhe late Dean C, B.
. . , , -.Tr , Jordan, Dr. Jenkins was called to principal speaker' will be Dr. Walter +1, 14? -tu 4, j V.TT • , I 41 TIT- • TT • . ^^6 cupital for the two-day meeting, H fixrio hlTPOf r»+ iVrioVMi * ♦/or
Havighurst of Miami University’s department of English, who will address the meeting on “American
Earth.”
Looking The Part
demonstration a g e n t s’ luncheon Thursday noon will be Eunice Johnson, Indianapolis, educational advisor for the L. S. Ayres Com-
mnv wTin wUl cinonir nrf “T Associatiou casting his vote by displayed, with explanations of the on the campus for men and women Pitt Starts Fast pany. Who will speak on Looking • • j..The iumrle ea-
Let’s meet that victorious Boilermaker squad at the Big Four station at 8:30 this morning. Thursday’s pep session set off the spark that helped the team explode and squelch those Pittsburgh Panthers; so.keep up the fighting school spirit! ' Show those boys that we are proud ' of their superior performance in gg JJq 25 yesterday’s game. . '
The coaches and team thanked us for our spirit and enthusiasm. We want to show them that we still have that old spunk—apd it’s hdre to stay. If we ,keep this spirit, the team will do their best to hand the Ohio State Buckeyes the same
treatment.
The Exponent conducted an extensive campaign of theaters, sororities, fraternities, co-ops and other Saturday night student habitats in order to get all students “on the ball.” Station WBAA announced the pep session at various times thorughout the evening. Dick DeGarmo and the other cheer leaders will be there to lead yells for the expected (4,000?). We want to win the rest of those games on the schedule, especially the Indiaria game, so get up and cheer. Root your room mates out of bed, and let’s get over to that Big Four station pronto. Don’t be asleep at the switch.,r.e.f. Dolphin Club Meeting Will Feature Movies, Speech By Papenguth Dolphin Club, national swimming honorary, will sponsor annual reception for students interested in swimming this Tuesday at 7:30 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Union. The purpose of the meeting is to acquaint freshman students with swimming activities on the campus. , Talks by Coach Dick Papenguth, varsity captain, Dick Kratzer, and Fred Herr, Dolphin president, will explain the work of the swimmingteam and Dolphin Club activities. The talks will be supplemented by movies and colored slides of the team at Ft. Lauderdale, Fla., which were taken durig the Christmas vacation, and the latest colored films of the Women’s National Outdoor Championship mdets held last summer at High Point, N. C. Fred Herr, Dolphin president, urges all freshman men interested in swimming activities to come to the reception. Refreshments will be
served.'r.e.f.
Football Squad Lives In Style During Travels By Joe Dawson Win, lose or draw, this year’s traveling Riveter eleven will be treated more or less like kings during the five road trips of the season including the victoiious jaunt to Pittsburgh over this week-end. During the course of the present campaign, the squad will have stayed or dined in several of the country’s most fashionable ho);els. Pitt Program After the spirited sendoff givep them last Thursday evening, the squad journeyed directly to the Shady Side Academy just outside of the “Smoky City.” Here they stayed until game time yesterday. Following the game they had dinner at the Pittsburgh A. C. Breakfast at the Deshler-Walleck Hotel, Columbus, Ohio, on Saturday morning, will open activities duiing the week-end of the Ohio State game. Following this the squad will move on to the Magnetic Springs Hotel at Magnetic Springs, Ohio, where they will remain until just before game time. ,
Big City
The Fordham trip should prove to be the best as far as seeing the sights and having a rare time are concerned. Pre-game headquarteis will be established at the woild famous Westches,ter Country Club at Rye, New York. The game itself, which after all is the most important item will be held at the Polo Grounds, home of the New York Giants baseball club. Even before the scheduled home games the squad is well taken care of at a health resort south of here. Pi Beta Phi . . . sorority, gave a tea Wednesday afternoon fiom 4 to B p. m. in honor of their new housemother, Mrs. Clyde C. Bohner. All of the alumnae were invited and around twenty attended the tea. In addition, piesidcnts from the other campus sororities attended. House mothers of these sororities and two of the fraternities also at-
tended.
k ^
West Lafayette, Indiibna
Sunday, Ocfol>ar S, UMl
Riveters Beat Pitt, 6-0
Four-Day Ag Conference Panthers Ptish Starts Tuesday Morning To 1-Yard Line.
Walter Havighurst Speaks At Banquet Extension workers from all parts
of the state will gather on the campus next Tuesday to attend the annual 4-day Agricultural Exten-
sion Workers’ Conference.
All county agricultural agents, (jlenn L. Jenkins, Dean of the r/ltr: "rr;;;:;
assistant county agents, home dem- School of Pharmaev is attendinfr an ^
onstration agents, extension sub- executive committee meeting of the members ject matter specialists and state eouncil of the American Pharma- coaching staff,
farmers institute peakers are ex- Association in Washington,
pected to attend the meeting. The p conference will deal with such prob
Boilermakers Fail To Scorii
Dean Glenn Jenkins Attends Pharmadst's
)
Conference at Capital
Students will be given an opportunity to see pictures of the football game between Pittsburgh and the Boilermakers, tomorrow night at 7:30 p. m. in the North Ballroom
of the Union.
These pictures, which are shown after every game which is played away from home, give the students a chance to watch the performance
Students will be admitted to these
Classes In Defense Training Will Begin Tomorrow Evenind Enrollmeni' Is Large In Technical Courses
C., according to information mov- V. R. Daugherty district repre. temnerature and intermit
les are shown under the auspices sentative of the defense training temperature ana intermit
Boilermakers Smock, Petty, Chester Crash Through For Decisive Victory
By Phil Johnson, Exponent SpOfts Editor
PITTSBURGH, Pa., Oct. 4. (Special tp Purdue Exponent) — Pittsburgh University’s twenty-five year old traditional record of opening game vietbries fell here today before a rejuvenated Boilermaker team that recovered from a slow start to push their intersectional rivals all over the field for the final two periods to make a power touchdown in the second quarter, the margin of victory, 6-0. Playing under mid-summer conditions
fective methods of adult education, pose of acting upon resolutions and Alumni ^association, d^e.g.
extension educational aid to rural plans presented ut a recent meeting
of the Association in Detroit, Mich-
Foreign Student Club Has Program, Exhibit
held on October 4 and 6.
ermakers improved steadily, taking the offensive the later 35 minuteia of play. Junior tackle Bruce Warren added a spark of life to the team when he entered the game befofe the goal line stand that seemed t0
wiLHsucapioo- from the pharmacy department. unoei uie auspices semacive or rne aeiense framing .^east skies the lems as human nutrition, more ef- mi^ eonncil i<=! tyippHtip- for tbp nnr Tippecanoe County Purdue program, announced today that late sunny ana overcast sKies, tne
file council is meeting for the pur- ^ ^ , registrants for the University’s ^ ^^ * ®
night classes in engineering, sci- » ence'and management, during, the surprising gang of sophomores leadpast week, have brought the total ing the attack throughout the battle enrollment in Lafayette to more attending 24,500 fans, than 375 Smock, 170 pound halfback,
T ,, 1 from Shortridge of Indianapolis,
Classes begin this week through- ^ intercol- I*® the turning point in the battle.
Cosmopolitan Club reception, held f legiate competition with several The sandy headed Kalamazoo lineFriday night in room 355 of the Un- who are taking part grand running sprees that marked man was-the shining point in »
It has been arfhounced, also, that ion, featured talks by the students training in the defense tram- ^f Helping charging Boilermaker line the rest Dr. C. 0. Lee of the University on their native lands. After the play of sopho- of the time he was in the lineup. School of Pharmacy has been nom- talks, the students answered ques- ^ mores were Barry French, tackle. Fumbles H[urt Pitt ^ , Y 41 inated as one of three candidates for tions which were asked by the other Francis Meakim, halfback. Bob Haj- Pittsburgh’s line played^ fig.htm| Principal speaker for the home president members. T ^ zyk, quarter, John Andretich, full- game throughout, opening holes
American Pharmaceutical An exhibit of various articles back and Bob Johnson, center, who their backs which were good for,
Association. Dr. Lee was nominat- which are characteristic of the dif- Engineering Courses Offered '' in two' games of Boilermaker play quent gams which were stalled by ed by postal ballot, esich member of ferent club member^s nations was Among the courses being offered gone the full loute in both tilts. ^ ® victors wi e awa e second^Jf
time after time. Backfield fuml
mail, g.b
the Part of Your Job
Other features of the program include talks by Dr. Edmund Brunner, professor of education and rural sociology at Teachers’ College, Columbia University, and demonstrations on the use of handicraft by H. J. Tanner of Waupan, Wisconsin. As a fitting close to the four day meeting, Director H. J. Reed of the department of Agri-
cultural extension will address the Tuesday, October 7, at the Ross closing luncheon Friday noon on Camp. Bussey will leave from the the subject, “The Road Ahead.” Horticulture building at' 4:15 and
m
Foresters To Hold Steak Fry Tuesday At the Ross Carnp Members of the Forestry Club are holding their annual steak fry
exhibits by the members. President in industry is a class in electrical The jungle cats appeared to be were the thorn in the a^ck Elliott, Dean Fisher, Professor and engineering, meeting in room 303 the Sutherland team of old in the fast team which stymied^l o«enMrs. Brenes, and Professor and of the Chemical and Metallurgical opening minutes of play—pushing sive threats except the thrtllni^ opMrs. Patterson represented the Engineering Building on Monday the length of the field at will before en^ng drive. Although the game
Yhe Boilermakers toughened on the Boilermakers was decidedly totwo foot line To take the ball on proved over the opener with' Van-
faculty at the reception. and Wednesday evenings. Refreshments were served after course is taught by L. E. Beck of
the speeches, d.e.g.
Sorority Rush Program
d.e.b.
Forensic Board Plans Discussions,, Speech Contests During Year Letters were sent to all fratern-
5:15 p. m. The steak fry is an annual event sponsored each year by the Forestry club for its members and the forestry staff. Larry Schneider, president of the club, has
the Electrical Engineering School. Lee C. Pigage, of the general engineering department is teaching time and motion study in room 112. A. M. Bramblett, chief engineer of the Peerless Wire company is teaching production engineering in room 307. E. C. Miller, of the School of Metallurgical Engineering, and
downs. For the remainder of the derbilt last Saturday, the play both linemen and backfield was
quite a way from the form that Ww be necessary to become a threat iii
Big Ten circles. Petty Leads Attack
Big John Petty was the mad yrhto led the second quarter acorfnlf
Hass, head of chemistry, threat, flanked by halfbacks Meak-
H, B, Hass Will Speak To Chemical Society
H. B.
Co-ed rush teas will be held this MnCormick of the Alum’inum speaker at the October im and Chester with Hajzyk caUipg afternoon. Freshman girls whose ' ‘ teachine- classes in of the Purdue section of signals. The 220 -pound fullbdck,
""e V t the American Chemical Society to playing in his home city, carried the
Freshman girls whose
names begin with A through L go to Kappa Alpha Theta, Phi Mu, Alpha Xi Delta, and Alpha Chi Ome-
planend a program which should ga. M through Z go to Chi Omega,
be held tomorrow, October 6, The ball through the center of the Pphgroup will meet at 6 p. m. for din- ther line to score standing up. A ner in the Chestnut Room of the very efficient passing attack com-
elementary metallurgy,
110 and 111.
J. N. Arnold of the general en
prove interpsting to all foresters. Kappa Kappa Gamma, Delta Gam gineering department is teaching a Union. At 7730 p. m. Dr. Hass will bined with a ■wide variety of past The program will include softball ma and Phi Beta Phi. course in engineering fundamen- |.gjj recent developments in starting line plays and end sw00pi and touchball before the meal and On Monday morning town girls tals, in room 304 of the Chemical and nitroparaffins. This part of the -with shovel laterals was responsible a campfire with songs and stories are requested to call for party invi- Metallurgical Engineering Build- meeting is to be in Room 106 of the for the successful offensive thtttsts
after the meal. tations in the Panhellenic office, ii’S- !• Wallerstein, of the physics Chemistry building. Those who at-
Tickets can be purchased from room 204 of the Union. Both Hall department, is teaching applied ^.gjj^j ^jjg (jmner in honor of Dr. Hass ities, sororities, co-ops, and other Don Welter, Marion Hafele, Wayne and town girls must return accept- spectroscopy in room 105 of the must have reservations, s.b.
orgaViizations concerning a fee, pay- Hutchins, Thilio Hoelzer or any of- ances to panhellenic office by noon. Physics building. C.^ T. Maiek, able to the Forensic Board, for the ficer for 25 cents. Freshmen are es- Girls will accepts three different general engineering, is teaching purpose of covering the expenses of pecially urged to attend, since the parties on Monday and three on two classes in engineering dewing all the speech contests, including main purpose of the meeting is to Tuesday. On Monday from 4-5:30, room 203 of Michael Golden the all-campus discussion tourna- introduce the freshmen and the informal invitational parties will be Shops. All of the above |Classes are ment. For the men there are the staff, j.d.s. held at the houses. ■ (Continued on page 4) Beveridge, and Hanley Speech con- ■ ■
J. C. Clark To Discuss Industrial Relations
tests and for the girls, the Lodde speech contest. No other fees will be required for tbe discussion tourna7 ment. The expenses include such items as programs, posters and an-
nouncements.
October 14 is the deadline for the payment of the fee. This payment will entitle the organizations to participate in the various contests. The money can be mailed or delivered in person'to Room 386 in the Union. As a reminder to the freshmen, the preliminaries of the Beveridge speech contest will be held on October 14. Make necessary applications
Women’s Champ Demonstrates Technique
Coed Bowling Fans See How It's Done
By M. B. Wendel
A crowd of awed bowling addicts States giving lessons and demon- through which the ball should pass, jammed the Union bowling alleys strations, and measuring people for and never looks at the pins after
yesterday morning to watch a dy- bowling balls for the manufactur- first observing their position. About - 4 . 4, namic little lady with curly brown ers of Brunswick balls. Her travel- the time the pins start collapsing, who is particularly interested m the
hair and sparkling eyes roll up ing will soon be confined to week- she has a habit of kicking her right operation of the National Labor Re- S
of the Boilermakers. * Blocking and tackling were vety much improved although far from perfection in the battle. The tendency of the backfield to start slow was still evident in the Gold anJ
Black offense.
Both Pittsburgh and the Boilermakers chalked up ten first dowim'
J. C. Clark, Regional Director of in the fracas, however, the net yards the National Labor Relations Board gained by the Boilermakers wejm for this area, will speak Tuesday, 297 to 258 by the jungle cate^ Bol^ October 7, in room 101 of the Mich- ermaker punting was also superior# ael Golden Shops at 9:00 a. m. averaging 36 yards to 30 by Pitt. Clark will discuss the procedures The winners' total of six compl^t^ of the National Labor Relations passes in 9 attempts showqd the& Board before the members of the hurling superiority although mo^ G. E. 117 class in Industrial Rela- of the passes were of the short, :^t
tions and the G. E. 110 Industrial variety.
Management class. The Boilermaker scoring maroh Any staff member, or any senior came midway in the second qt[a:i^0|v
scores around 170 on what she called ends however, as she is to be an in- leg and waving her arm in the air. an “off day.” Sally Twyford by structor in a nfew 30-alley bowling If the pins don’t collapse properly, at the Forensic office before this ’^ame, she is the world’s champion palace now being built in downtown she just smiles, date. Any sophomore interested in woman bowler, having won the na- Chicago. Bowlers Multiply
managerial work should report to tournament for women at Enjoys Teaching Beginners Asked about the present trend of the above mentioned office at 4:00 Eos Angeles last June. She also Sally, as written on her bowling bowling, she stated that the num-
p. m. tomorrow, d.e.g.
Fur Manufacturer T0 Present Lecture
lations Act is invited to hear Mr. passes. Big John Petty Clark by attending this joint ses- holes through the Pitt line for sion of these two classes, j.d.s. and nine yards in two plsy^
Then on a second down pass m
Frnch fnArlc Tn Hpar Panther’s great I IUjII vUtrllJ III IlIrCII Bill Dutton, intercepted and
back to his own 39 yard line. PHt fumbled on the first play and Captain Tommy Melton recovered for the Boilermakers on the Panth^
Ninety-three freshman coeds gQ yard stripe. With sma^htiw
holds the women’s singles record of ball, said that she enjoys teaching ber of bowlers has more than tripl- LA
692 points for three games, scored beginners and emphasized the im- ed in the last five Vears, and added Jp00Cn wH KinOWOnil
at the Illinois state tournament at portance of getting the light start, that “Women did it.” The interest Peoria in 1934. since bowling errors are very hard in bowling has increased so rapidly
An alert, cheeiful person, who to coriect after they have become that bowling alleys are swamped, have varying degrees of ring-worm piungesr and ^accurate* pt^aes")^ might almost be taken for a co-ed, habits. Some have turned to duck-pins, but it was announced yesterday by Hel- Chester'the Riveters worked Mrs. Twyford amazed us with the Spectators Crane Necks Sally doesn’t like duck-pins because en Hazleton, head of the depart- ^ first down on the Richland Furs, Inc., of Blissfield, information that she is a grand- The spectators at yesterday morn- the ball is too light for her custom- ment of physical j education for Cats’ five yard marker.
Michigan, will present a lecture mother. Her husband was once a ing’s demonstration moved forward army forceful delivery. She uses a women. John" Petty then spun his why w
demonstration on furs in the audi- pin-boy in Newark, New Jersey, in their seats and craned their necks regulation 16-pound ball, which has As a result of this condition the the one yard line before the
torium of the Home Economics and when he came to Chicago and befoie every one of Mrs. Twyford’s an angle much sharper than usual, department is requiring that all stopped by Heister. After Che8ter*i building at 1 p. m. Tuesday, Oct. 7. got married he taught his bride to balls, trying to analyze her rapid easing the backswing and the dan- Women students in a freshman phy- unsuccessful attempt to score Oil 4^ Repiesentatives will demonstrate bowl in the recreation hall of a approach. It would hardly be de- ger of dropping the ball. sical education class must attend end sweep. Petty went ovOr fnfl and explain the fashioning and man- church. She has been bowling ever scribed as smooth, but consists of This afternoon she will bowl in a lecture given in the lecture room scored what proved to be tbe obj#
ufactuie of fur garments. About since, and won her fiist world cham- four short, quick running steps and competition with Eleanor Smith at of the Biology Building on either touchdown of the game. fifty fur coats, one hundred pelts pionship at Louisville in 1929. She the raising of first the right the Lafayette Bowling Alleys on Thursday, Oct. 9, at 4 p.m. or Fri- vin then rushed into the gqine
and several muffs and scarfs will has won four since, the latest with shoulder and then the left, with a Fourth Street. Before leaving she day, Oct. 10, at 3 p.m. attempt the extra point but ki| 4dtt-
be modeled and on display. The an average of 200 points per game, short back-.swing followed by an un- stated that the Union bowling al- The speaker for this educational cated toe failed him. lecture is being given for the cloth- Mr. Twyford died in 1937, so his usually fast ball for a woman. leys compared very favorably with lecture will be Dr. Rose, of the Stu- “Pinky” Warren kicked off
ing classes but is open to all stu- wife now devotes most of her time She is a “spot” bowler, which, she the better alleys in the United dent Health Service, and all heads the Boilermakers after the tllljlhT
dents and tiownspeople who are in- to bowling, to the extent that she is explained, means that she glues her States, and that she looked forward of resident groups are encouraged down, and Dutton returned terested. s.b, now traveling about the United eyes to some spot on the alley to bowling here again soon. to attend, d.w.o. ’ (Continued Qlt
to attend, d.w.o.
si. '4' 4’-ii
i ^
jjat.wii^gt.rTiim^i^ihb.i- -! —-
^/Jt.
1-.
V «s a5
i.T*.
jLi>
Xi.
^wfi iy^^#Ai‘»s'>«5j/»‘^>
Uk^
t*> j%.h4» ■» »»
That Boilerm^h^ ^irit
Louisiana Games Show >^eaHness In Armor's Field Communications
WASHINGTON — One seiious
weakness the Loui-^iana wai games Indianapolis,
biouglit to light IS the aiiiTv’s sys-
tem of field communications Commandeis lepeatcdly complained about the slowness and in
adequacy of then communication
lines Majoi GcneialR C Richaid
son, hiain\ commandei of the 7th Coips, considci-. the pioblem so impoitant that he plans to lecommend
i^xtensnc leoi g imzatioii of the
This‘has been a queer week; we’ve had more ♦letters to the editor and visitors than at any time during our association with the l^xponent. The 'complaints have all dealt with the same general subiect, the football team and school sihrit. Some were trivial, such as asking us to do something about students that persist in teaiing down pep session signs, but others weie as far reaching as complete re- \ ision of the athletic program at Purdue However, most of the coinplaineis wanted us to do something, anything to improve school spirit. Thuisday morning we stated editorially that theie was nothing lacking in Purdue spnit, and that evening the student body enthusiastically attended oiie of the largest and noisiest parades and pep session of the past few yeais The team and coaches were so stilled by the students’ fuippoit that they felt it necessaiy to thank them by telegram from
Pittsburgh, but the final score of six 1 o nothing doesh^t present the whole picluie of what happened on the football field. A lighi mg, inspired' Purdue team completely outplayed their opponents, who never seriously 1 hroatened after the opening moments. It was more
\ In the
Churches
1
Puidue ChiisPan Foundation Lafayette tlhiistian Chuich Sixth and Noith Streets
1) I*) to h 25, catch iidc to Chuich
than a victory for the team; it was a victory fion' ^ Giant for Boilermaker spiiit as displayed Thursday 30—-Student Class Di Gordon
and again yesterday.
Thursday night’s parade, which had so
Baptist Students West Lafayelfe Bup'‘trst|T)hm‘ch C'uVnei CqluUibia aUd Cpadhcev '' .Toseph Baird Gleason, Student
Pastor
9‘30—Rogei WilhAms Club Class Horn Dean Fisher, teachci. 10 36—Chuich Worship Seiviee. WoiUl Communion gunday Seimon, “Victoiioiis Livihg,” by Bev Heibert Hirttdn of Indianapolis
5 10 — Rogci Williams Lunch—fifteen cents
< j, Ss “ ; 532. iSi Pollowmg the evening Sessions at the chuich an infoimal ‘*gab Will lie^d ' at We Slfpiifidatfon House foi all of those who care to come.
Holy Tiinity Engjish Lutheran
ChurW
610 North Ninth Street Rev. B. C. St’olldorf, Pastor
Moiiiing Woiship at 10 SO a^in. Club At this seivice the Holy Communion will be administered Seimon suli,-
6 00—Rogci Williams Club So- ject, “Oui Investments ’* Bi^fp
Gi ives will speak on the subject cial Horn study foi students at 6 30 a m I'he “The Chiistian’s Aimor” ' 6 30—Rogei Williams Dlub Dis- Lutheian Student Associatioi^ will jQ 4Q Chinch Worship Scivice cussion Horn Rev Hinton will meet in the Union building Wed-
much to do With Pill’s defeat, was planned and The Rev Doyle Mullen will pi each "peak on “Can We Believe In nesday evening at 7 30.
supervised by repiesentativos from the lead- on the subject, “The Pioblem of Se- Signs mg campus activities, and they deserve a lot cunty ” All shoiild be piesent ot credit for their work. Fiirthermoie, we re- the communion table foi
this 1& Woild Communion Sunday 6 15—10c Suppei at 131 S Giant 5 45—Leave foi the Chuich Bldg
in cals
6 00-
Yesterday afternoon our team defeated
commend that this same group function as a permanent committee planning pep sessions, which in the past have lacked imagination and have been meic copies of previous sessions This committee would have the ability and authority to oiganize and publicize pep meetings different from any in the past. If
they do so, this campus will see moie of both llubeit Reynolds Don
Thursday’s spirit and yesterday’s victory.
For Episcopal Students At St. J*ohn’s jChurcf^ Sixth and Feiry, Lafayette
Holy Communion at 8 00 a m. Coipoiate Communion, followed by
Wesley Foundation Student
Pi ogram
At First Methodist Chuich * ■ -, i, Coiner Chauntej and South Stieels bieakfast as guests of Church in
9 30 a m—Foui Student Classes Paiish House
1 The InteinaLional Uinfoim , Holy Communion with music and
Forum Piogiam includes c,e,mon at 10 45 am
lecieation, disejussion, singing, woiship “What Do You Think*'” is the title oC the discussion period to
peis Seivicc, which will be led by
H111 lot Reynolds
caits, peais and pi lines
In eveiy instance, piiichasini
of
entile field communications system Chief defects aie lack of modem ladio equipment and inexpeiicncecl
peisoniiel
Nelson Rocketellei, in the Office of Inter-American \ffairs.
Chryslei’s paiticular job is to hccis icpoitcd back that Ih^ bids stait at manage the program of “indus- a ..i i. . „ rri,„ ,
trial scholarships” toi Latin American countries, toi training in U. H. industries. Chryf,ler is finding places for them in the shops and on the payrolls
American factories.
sois, the NBC, uid the Fust Lidy IkiscI) wcie afi ud it would not
2 The Chiistian Message Foi The Woild Today, Piol C 0 Let 3 Income, Outgo, and The King dom of God, Pi of .1 T Gunn 4 The Giowth of Methodism,
Rev E R Balsley 10 40 am—Moming
Scivice At this scivicc
University Chuich
Giant and Noith Streets,
West Lafayette
9 30—The chuich will join with olhci chinches in the obseivance of
Woiship “Woild Wide Communion” The the new student chon, undei the dllection of
all
icqncstcd had been leiectcd because of high piicc 01 insufiiciont qiiinti ty An example vas the lepoil on canned apiicots which load, “Rea sonable puces, but no adequate ofot fei to cover lequnements ” Reason foi this situation is that
The difficulty w is the illm ss of Mis Roost V( Its biolhei, Hill By ail nonical Iwisl it w is his dc itli that made it possible foi the pio
giam to go on
,,, u 4. j rpi „ student alTiliato mcmhcis will he Iim Chase, will piovide a musical
southern aicas is shoit pants The ^ rr i rt , . i 1 4 1 ] r 1 ecogni/cd and the 'loly ( om- piogiam long ti ousel s aie too hot and dif- ' ^ 4 i -nt
iniinion will be adnninstcicd Wtw
ltd ivcd
ficnlt to keep tlcan Biitish oflTiceis obsciving the mancuveis woie shoils ind looked cool and swaggci Ohscived one second Aimy wit anent the fact that the war games
Early in the week, Mrs Roose- “Cajun” (Aicad-
Botli in Washington and in Wai civilian demand is so gicat, can
The communications weie icnton, Chiyslci keeps Sinpiisingly neis aic not axious loi laige-sale
worked hard and enthusiastical- to himself Too much so, in the opin ai ray 01 dels
!j, but most of their equipment ,0,1 of Waiienton fox huntcis, loi Homcvci, dcspitt the itliictance IS not up to the speed demands of not opened his 1,000 acies to of canneis, aimy aiiif navy Icadei'
blitz warfare Also the men need a lot more technical training The Armi has modem ladio equipment in production, but little of it wa,s on hand at these maneulers It should be delivered to the troops as quickh as possible because in combat speedy and efficient communications are vital and the Armj is very weak on
this now.
the hunt, and the lesult is that all will not go empty Thinks to a lood the frxes in the countiy aie taking buying system set up by able Don icfuge in Waltei Ghiyslci’s spac- aid Nelson when he was 0PM pin lous back yaid chasing chief, the two seivices cm Baruch and the British lesoit to negotiated contiacts inWhitc hailed “Bainey” Baiuch is stead of bids to secuie the lood they 71, and not as agile as he used to want This makes the cost some be, but he still knows how to handle what highci but not as steep as the
himself in a battle of wits
Anti Biitish Representative
bids that have been submitted Rockefeller Snow Storm
veil learned that Hall Roost veil was so sick he pi^obablj would not rtcovei lie might die befoit fhe end ot the week, 01 he might suivive a Itvv d ivs loiigti In Iho interesl of the 1 atho aiiange ments—lot the Ins! Lady is booked over moie thin 100 s(afions, on bolh fhe Red and Blue nelwoiKs of NBC—she had <0 decide what she would do if Hall died, and what she would do it
he didn’t
Finally, she came to this decision If hei biolhci Imgciid on his death
Merry-Go-Round
W1 at the AinT\ nccos foi men 111
Fiedeiick C Smith of Ohio found
Note Haidest vvoikeis of all the this out while Baiuch was testifytioops in the maneuveis weie the ing on the puce contiol hill befoie Signal Coips men Toiling daj and the House Banking committee
night and legaidless of wcathei, The foimei head of the Woild Washington in Scptcmbci hcciiise Roosevelt 1 ()i1 hci eiua.,cnunt
they stiung thousands oDmiles of Wai Indiistiies Boaid stiongly con was caught in a snow stoim telephone wiies — cvcij foot of tended that puce contiol Icgisla- \cg ^ Scptcmbci snow stoim And which had to be taken down aftei tion should be admmisteied by one befoie the stoim bagged him the games vveie ovei The Signal man instead of by a boaid, as ad he bagged two beais Foi a holiday Coips men weie the unsung heioes vocated by some membeis of Con- Rockeiellei hid gone off to Alaska
giess and theic, in the Yukon countiy of 4t one point in his testimonj “=liangc things done hv the raid Smith, who voted against the se- night sun he shot one silvi 1 tipped lective service law, the lend gu//lv measuiing 7 f(ct liom nose lease act and draft extension, in- to till md one kodi ic (klisl n terriipled to inquire hiown be ii) which mn uu d 8
Isn t this loo big a pib foi Oiie feet
man’' Bon’t jou think we ought Now he is back 111 Wishm ton to set up a boaid for puce con- whcic the tempei itiue has made
tiol, like the Biitish have"'” Obviously the giicstioii was de signed to put the Wall Sticctei on
laii) section of I ouisiana, ”450,000 sold 101 s and all looking foi Evan gchno” TTeioos of the mancuvois wcie the truck diivcis who stooicd thou massive vehicles ovci JoIIfill loads in constant clouds of dust day and night, often with only the sleep they could snatch dining unloading hills The feats oL those boys, paiticulaily in black out diiv ing at night, woio astounding Attention, Mi Tom Dewey The U S 0 did not show up vei y help fully in the manouvei aiea Tn sonic of the fowns the local ogganizations did make an effoit to pi ovule the
student mcmhcis will bo
at the fiist tables
Evening Stuileiil Piogiam 5 45 to 0 30 p 111 —Fellowship Hour in the pailois of the Cliuioh 6 10 to 7 15 pm —Till CO discus
Sion gioups
1 Open rniiini on Religious Questions, E R Bilsloy 2 Poisonil Religious Living, los-
cphine Balscy
3 Social fell vice Activities, Amy
Meyei s
7 15 to 7 45 p in —Closing pc iiod of woiship in the sanctuiiy
JO 30—The above piogiam will lie icpcatcd foi the convenience of those who cannot attend the 9 30
scivice
5 30—Suppei v/ill he seived, followed immediately by a meeting of the Sunday Evening Club Al Stewart will speak
LOOK FOR THIS SIGN
IT MEANS QUALITY AT LOWER PRICES
John Sperb Hdwe. 822-24 Mifn St
bed, she would have to c iiicol tin
Nelson Rockcfcllei, the dynamic luoulcist ind icniain willi him, but g^jOicis with bathing and laiindn
young milhonaiic who is lunmng if he dud she would Ik Iicc loJul
lIio ofhee of Intel Amciicaii AC fill hci olili., ition
fans, was late getting hick to HiH Roosevelt dmd, md Mis
Dr PiLil A Risk Dr Luther A Risk Dr Harold J R sk — DENTISTS — 400 404 Schutz Bldg
Harry Hopkins' Hat
Haiiy Hopkins has been keeping it quiet, but he omitted an impoit ant detail fiom that stoiy about how he fell hen to Winston ChuichilTs Hombuig aftei losing his own
in London
Real fact is the hat Hopkins lost didn’t belong to linn It belonged to Wajne Cov, oneigctic chief of the Ofiice of Emeigency Management What happened was that Coy was
him wish foi
visiting Hopkins and inadveitently a spot, toi Congiessionil isolation left his hat on depaitmg jqts liequcntly have ciitici/cd Bai Scveial davs latci Coy wasiiding uth as a ‘'tool” and “cats paw oi V ith Hopkins in a taxicab, and no- the Biitish But Biiuch icplicd
ticcd that the White House adviser good natuiedly
was wealing his hat “N’o at all Congicssman I don’t ‘The hell 5011 say’” leplied Hop- think wc should lollow the Biitish kins and ictii'-cd to believe it until They aic fine jicoplc but I t’liiik
M rs. Roosevelf's Program Mis Roosevelt’s new ladio piogiam „ot oft to i .,ood slut last Sunday but theie wcie inxioii'days hcfoichand when the spon
Coy showed him an Indianapolis habeidasheiy label on the band Howevci, Coy let Hopkins keep
the hat but he does want to keep the lecoid straight on WHOSE hat was lost in London, ||||
Walter Chrysler's Foxes Alone on ],000 acies in the Vir-
ginia hunt countiy lives Walter Chijslei Ji , son of the late auto-
wc should handle this pioblem in 0111 own way ” No Army Asparagus It looks like the hoys in the aimj me goin., to have to do without as-
paiagiis
The Quaiteimaster Coips plan ned to lay m a big supply of the delicacy, but it has been balked by the canncis Ihcii juices wcie too
mobile magnate With 40 rooms, 11 high and the qruntitics they oJlcrcd
"civants including a negro butler too low
dressed in a icd colonial cutaway, and a stable ot riding and lacing horses, life for Walter is as close to paradise as money can make it But he lolls out ol bed (vci\ morning caih enough to diive 45 miles and get to a desk at nine lie woiks for the Goveinincnf ind his office m Ma^hin„ton is about one lourlh the si/e ot his elnim„ 1 oom
in Waiienton
On the seventh floor ol the Department ol ( ommerte, looking out toward the Washington Monument, Walter Chivsler is work mg lor another joung millionaire.
This IS not the hist time in leccnt months that Army plans ie.,aiehng canned vegetables hrve been ujisct by high puces Some weeks ago the Washington Mei rv-Go Round diselostd that the “breadbasket ot the de motraties” was having difhcultj bujing certain canned toods tor the ai mj, partieulai 1> peas Sintc then, in aelditiem to peas and asparagus, the (iuaite rmastei Coips has run into similai diifi eulties in obtaining stocks ol can ltd corn, tomatoes tomato jui e, lima beans, peaches apri
PukdwL £x{wmnL
Lntcred as second class matter at the post office in Lala>c(te, Inehapa, undei fhe act ol Conj'icss cil March 3, 1879, and at the special rate ot postage provided loi in section 1105, act ol Octob 1 3, 1917, authorized Jamiarj 20, 1922 Ruhlishod daily except Monday during the 1 cgul 11 academic jeai and wecklj during the Siimmti Session Delivered locally by earner loi $3 50 pei jcai, mail subscriptions, $4 00
Editor jn ( hicf News Lditor UuHiniNB Manasfer
Ned A Ochiltree John L Trau^ott Don S l*owcrs
Publication Staff
UdDiiKine rditor I clanil W KulTncr AfitiOtiatc, 1 (JiUjrs I i Amos J JI AimstniiL H I lirophy R 1 Hadliy 1 I Jon b I G Kniicr
Sports Staff rditor I’liil C Johnson Absociate Editors O f Clark JUI rascr J S Ktcl r
The most uproarious story . the most delightful characters ever to make you howl with glee'
Phones. Editorial and Business, 4005, Sports, 2792;
ROBERT MONTGOMERY
Editorial After 10 P M, 5377
Business Staff
Loi-al Advc rtisinis Mana.,i rs K K (,ji mrc R E Saxton Cire.uIation JVlai4at r W 1 Ufil Acci unLs Manat ci W D Millard
Reprpsenlid foi t iti inal advci tisinp ly Nali< nal Advirtis me btrvit In( Cillii, 1 iibli htis Rci rcstnl ilivcs 121) Madison Avc New Yoik N Y
Staff For This Issue
Co-ed Staff
ISdilor AsHotiiitt I ditijr
Mary K lii ynt n Ain J im Rainsd II
Ruth Rose Ch 4tlii l(J
Nipht 1 dilor lladliy Ihhui. 1 ditor Smith
1) ly I dilor Riinsdill Sports 1 ditoi 1 I is( 1
CLAUDE EVELYN JAMES J RAINS • KEYES > GLEASON^ EDW EVERETT RITA JOHN HORTON • JOHNSON • EMERY
FEATURE STARTS AT — 1 15-3 17-5 20 - 7 25 - 9 30
Reporters ii I Sniilli t Uaws in < wo tl w Sowaids
i I hi All m ini, M y
Starts TODAY umn/ieTU
PLUS .^p Why Did He Challenge It? Why Did She Keep It? THE NURSES SECRET with LEE PATRICK — REGIS TOOMEY)» '
mm r, ”rTv"'
/ '; 'iM/^
. -f
fvO ? \ ^
fsmVld3!nSjb;:;lley.eW, h
"i^^Vld^;:iSR;eIey.SwV.fea,fev a
by t^e y^eteran J^uzwik, tram-
pled ^pe.,:^oo|iep,.by^X^C£^^^ ■i&.C Evens‘'§qbye&'.tb'el^^^
aown,on end run m pe first quar-
'i^’f.‘'^ai ■^^rtefs"
o'f 'tfib 3a1i^ on a^^'t yar'i^ return
by, \^bippinki'.iKiacbnsin ;i8 ;tp,’'7; ' ]!|prqUe|j[;4^, pi ay|nk, tfeir.! first, ga^e; ppfiyr'.tjialif. new cpacp, tprn^.^ti^ba^l dispifiyeiija^ fi^ a?ipr;^^;,pf_ ruiinfn^. b||'d^,papsifig kepp' tffe. BldgetSy Op tpe, ,d^ense tfirpugnopt,'':n|i,^st, ,g£^ Bjcfirardgpn^of M^r^Uetjte wag t^e qff^^siVe! star.-Of tfip game.^buj; 'tfie gyorlng, w;a'S, we.lJ, ,d|stribulpd among tbd HSttopber halfbacks*
,.„. Bx;^^,.Fjaseg.. , , ■ ' : ' ' ,, BWfeA myetef off into the hills behind llosstfi:; -'Ux: j' ilxixaSl-iJj'l, U t. i.„4.«v:
]pd.clc ... — — , ^ ___
ly|nl^,fcd^ild^i'^|n'|ii|.|]|^pacefhrp^ftiti|rtheentii^r^e4M|y^ __. .*= .i, ,.
(jda^',i3;er^yi''i’Mifip^’‘ '^Ml,^';|j^t' hve-'j^^ces to
make’tb^ni'^et'an impressive’ ’' ' " ' - 'v • =-*
'Ah interested student gathering of negligible proportions
With our sports editor’s lungs laboring oyer the fiue 3ust content ot Pittsburgh’s hazy atmosphere, the job of filling this pillar of type fts Usuhf^le&foh 6*f s^^Ve observations has fallen oh the shaky shhtildi^ o^ h^ ^bstitutes. ‘^ge l)^ hot, what lies beloyr is bhseryations ana My complaints should be addressed to Joe at the Bjt'poneht offices.
ilcwfever,, be-
caliVe of .^' peMlty oh'Nofrc
Pahie
for
fing.
iSi 0 With‘ll^usiha pluhgih^ oyer the gpul iTom the thyhe yUrd line for : the 'o'hfy 'hiarker of the' afterhoph, the Woiyeriiifes of IVIichigan hosed out Iowa in a' hitteriV fought,, conference game. The plungihg and fine lalli-rouhd.play of Captain Bob Westfall was one of the h%hlights of , the afternobni Bob led the drive dbvin fibld Which was climaked' by Kusma’s tbuchdpwn. 'the line play of bbth squad's was particularly ' bUtstanding with both forWard walls . fighting' nearly to a' standstill throughout the fray. • i^rquejtte 2|^; Wlspp^^ 7 ' .perorb a 'eaphbity cihWd of, fort^ thousand spectators, the well-bal-
pth'er Scores ^
iliiribi^, 4i; ffliahii, %
ijorth'we’stefn' Si; Kansas State, 3., "y ; ', '■.' ,''. ; Bprdhamj l6; Southern MjethbdisVlO,,_ ■ ' ■ " ' '. ' ' Ifebfaska, 14; fpwa State, 0,
Buice, i^y'Tehhe^^
Colgate, 7; Ppnh. §tate, l),
Arihyi 'i'Q; Citadel;, 6. '
Kfississip^i.state, Ig; i^iaba'hia; 0
Yale, 2I;, Wrginia, 19 Cornell, S; Byf'acuke,''!). Penh., 19; Baryartl, 0.
iyavyr'dOVWest Virgihia, 0.
soythALL
Monday, Ocfeber 6
Diamond •-'; .<• '■ , .C-f.S
1. Acacia vs. Tan Kappa Epsilon
2. Ward 9 vs Ward 14. 3. Ward 24 vs Ward 33 4. Ward ,82 ys Ward .23
a big: succeSH, for the fans huddled under' \a giBup „oi trees
Ward,^ ■ vBi WijVd' Z6
'Watd.SiV
v s v/ m-w
_. Watd!,2S>. VB ‘Wairdi 2-1"
7. Deltaii'ua'sHon'''#^; DiVnUda Chi Alpha 8. 'rhdti' Tail vs Phi 'Gairi'ma Delta 9., Theta Xi vs Phi'Kappa Sigma
10. Phii SigmA/Kappa ysySi^a Ajpha Mu
11. K&iiP^ I'^gmi'a >.ys ■ Pt Kapii^'iAfevh" ' 12. Sigma ^Nh vs SigWia Alpha" EpslIOn 13. Dejta TaU Delta, vs Pi • Kappf; Phj:
14v Alpha'’ iTaii Orrt^i vS' A®h»' Gamma
'* X.-r.-«h6'-y t -v ^ ■■
15. Sigma Chi vs Triangle-• -
16. Phi Kappa vs Phi Kappa Tau
xaCXO^ XdK/yjl. iiy^ vl.,^ Vt 11 Ull^ X11<^0 kJX* wlJlC V>vrvll>Oa?^ XWklllvl I/IImv the ^in hkd &ade the truila tou^ij'lroB^^ ing lot TSe^ncJ ^lKe stadium goi^l was especia^^ tough as a wide expanse of mpd put lead in theiShpes of, the MrrierS. , ■ ■ '"'■,_^!.^1- ■""" "' :—'' ..: ^ — Bd ^bld,brman’,sVihipressive vic-
tory gave gpbcf iudjfdEitiohS bf. ariptti.er, steriing year 'fbr the. fiurabie Riveter. His time of 15:fil.5 over the three apd a half mile grind was
feiv^.terl _l|eai:,'|!iV jfc/^-O,
(Contihued from page 1)
All undergraduates of the university' are urged, to atfepfi varsity foofbal}, pricfice ^ lli^om^py Ufternobn. Sfande haye b.een get jip for the students aud. Cpach Bl>ya.rd.tyould like tp see, a, big. fiiirnoUt- L’et’s come out and cheer for the fchni.. Just present. ybpr passport at the gate for admission.
, V.: , ,SC:f>BEl’S ' j. VVje handle a complete line of photographic! supplies arid cameras . . . try bur expert ' photo-finishing ld$
TOUCHBALL
Monday; October 6 Field 'i -■ 'y ■■'-• '■ 1. 'Cary Hall i vs Cary, Hall 8 Official: Hi d: Wenrtc > ’ - 2. Cary Hall 2.!'vs'CaW Hail 9 OffWial:' BitlJ Bnrghiardt 3. Caysi''HaH 3 ■:+8 :Cifry !HalM0 , Official: HarryXOids 4. CaiyiHall V'VB ear'y' Hhill 11 . -Official:’ Harold:-Gla^r' 6. Cary Hall 5 vs Cary Hail 12 Official: D. E. Captain 6. Cary ‘Hall ,'6 vs Caty. Hall 13 lO'ffiteidh: • Charlea Kiff4rty7. Carji Hall 7 vd GnfSi’Han '14 Official: X. R. Jeweff- ‘ ■'
. TENNIS.'. ■ ; Monday, Ocfoher 6 , Court ’ '■ 4 :dO''p. m. Freshmen 1. Zeff vs Griner 2. Vriens vs Neisler 8. F. Dyer vs. Tyson or Boh Martin 4. Clem 'vs Sirfes, > . . . B. Mitchell vs Kutsch 6. Koch or Duesterherg vs Gould or 'iGreidef :-;-X 11.' D. ,Dohg or Holteman. vs Daley ' 12. G5. 3. .Ross vs A. S; Goodrich' 13-.. Pav& Vs-Clark -’. - ■ , .
.... ^4. ..-x- - - - . -A, V.
T6V G. R. WitsTnii'n., vs R.-Stallings i: IG). Voth vs Gifford or McCampbell
EPGEKTCIH
VJ- AIl-GafnpU8 i?. E^en vs Chartto'n.; 18. Cohen vs Dudzinski ■ 19. Walsh vs Schalliol
HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES
A.
FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RE^T Phone 4354! We Deliver
20. Siener vs K. Smith 21. Mees vs Kraybill 22. Roth vs G. K. Black 29. J. Ei Grimm vs Ven'able 24. Hutchen vs Met&er- ■
f.'
. .a
"Win Voii . . . Wlpn'l^ You ., . yjill You fake Me out to dinner, Ed."
. ' 'GBEETING GA1(i1E)’3 .1 : :Fm'ADL OCCAstal :
„l'm so tired ot cooking. Let's go to Tom's——You know special like!"
K
"Darling, you're on! TOM'S STEAK for me, and anything your little
RYTEX PERSONAL
heart desires. Let's go-—^^to
STATIONERY
llniveistty B(i4 Ste
%e'e» . .
Across form Union
,
“Red” Sammons *29 '“Doc*** Epple *40 ■•L- ■ ‘ ;
to the Pitt 3fi yard Ijne. After sev- considerably over. the 15:,42 that he erali idhd ghifls by' the ! Pkhther in, the time trials, but the ^Ushy, backs, ■■ Sutton passed successfully condition pf.-fhe course woutd,have ito t'he BuTda’e 'Vatd line fbr, a slowed .fibwn eVen, a tank! The Ifiini flTst 'iefe,'‘KbW6=^; the Bbil- 'breeked. into tb^P thinking ermakef' defense stiffened and the that they had seen the, fast Of, !l^oldr ball Was takert' bver on downs. After etman in fast .year’s me,eting:, biit tn hicfilay'fhe gimAouh^d 'Md-^ finahig that’ B4'sliilV bafi' ^ season ih'g 4V'fiTst'ha!l^ . Iof.eligibility pt, tfifey accepted'the sM.4^tesg4^ards ’ bfow;i)hilbsophicaljy. : ^ ^ -Wf thi'^sef of’ the second half Just 4 iBackW^^man IjCenViy Smb'ck^lprpVided, what proved At the .bhe and a quarter mile to Tie the most spectacular run of niark, Holderman yopped out of, the the game when he took the kickoff woods With a ten yard lead on the PurSue bne ya'rd line and 9i’®P fii®- i-banimate, Appleton, and raced 64'yards to thb Pitt '35 bh- Dunn. Ed had used up fore being spilled.. Th^riexttplay six and a quarter.m^^^ a 16 yard pass, was good to the !PP;^nt|’Md-after givihg the stude^^^ Panther 26 but ft was here that the eyeful of his stride and offense bogged, Pitt taking, over. s^b kU off his spikes,, he Headed, 4s the gahfib ■Went bn it became for .t^ wPcds again. Bis hext apmore and more e’Vidbht that Purdue pcarance yfas at tHe fwo apd. a half, was the superior team Wh'en they ^^®n he galloped out of repeatedly thfektened' the Pitt the f.blinge, a.11 alone, and staijtpd goal. Pitt- shchveci' little in the; way s^und the extretriifies of the pracbf offense during the rest of the ybe gpif cofirse. l^ith the applaiisb second half* gniy Stetler’s punts tlm Uncomfortable crowd nnging keeping the Riveters from pay dh't. ^n his ears, Holderman broke the It was a casb of just too mdeh fight yara for his first , victory of the
from a gallant Bnrdue crew. year.
;■ ... 1,. .-.v-vx':. rrv-'^ The best finish of, the morning
was the thriller between l^oo^ 4pf pleton of the Riveters and DUnn, 'bf Illinois. This pair had been rubbing shoulders all around the .cour'sej Wt had fallen far behind Holderman. As the wearY pair approached, the 'fi’nish line, Duhn had 'a slight lead.
Sneaking bf ffue dust, that diet of smoke that the team worked bn yester'ifag'^^'d^ib 'acted aha tbhic, for the boys played like the teantt that we knew loitered somewhere on, this campus. Perhaps Mai will take the hint 'add plaht' steudge fires in Boss-Ade Stadium for the remainder of the lidmg gWAies. 'V^hal; if it Wbgfd play the devil with our lungs; let the fh'de'e'dpllaf' busto'ihefs do fhe squeaking, for after all, we get m for ndthfiig'bfit fh'e embarra'ssm’ertt of showing our passport photo to a
stfah’gbr. ' ' -
^w that By®,,smarted; on this idea, I’m really warming up to it. 'Vpiy stog\at kmudge fires ?, W% not set Cary Hall bn fire if there’s a south win'dhffl then Watch the boys play ball! If the gbdis frown on a south wifid that .BhrtidulM^^^^^ always set the stadium and. feed ,the fil’d ^Ifr the' seats in, Fowler Hall. Without a doubt the team would bre’unld®^teM® ^’ted tlhpiiAh it' te^^ the campus a'smouldering wreck. Well,
enough of thfe. Let’s turh to more dignified subjects,
A'.lluifn li^epo'rt ■
What could be more appropriate than the Dodgers ? I’d give my textbooks to hear the Wailing in Flatbush tonight. The loyal boosters of the Bute's. Were hqiidking about Yesterday’s rain, hut today they would have giyert Bbhetts Fteld to anyone who could produce a dark cloud. iTiey swore that fhYthSbd gamb would be played in Brooklyn even if they had to ■wait alj wiUteT. Now, uUless the Butes come to life, Durocher and Ms putthroate may iiever see the/inside of Yankee Stadium again. 'That would makd a pidtur'e, though; a Dodger batter churning down to first base be-
hind a rotary snbwplo-w. ’
Blociinlngito^
^he natiohls football experts Were dubbing the Wisconsin’s football teate'hlS the dhrk h’brsb of the Big Ten. After the going-over that Mrqiiette gave them yesterday, the tag may be changed to jack—, Oh wbll, gdu khbw what 1 mean. Aho'th'er bne of our best rivals, Indiana, took it on the chin again yesterday. All this wind about Hillenbrand may be true, hfi't gehiu's hasn’t gilt the Hoosiers in the Win ebrumh yet. 4 .case of Vicks cold remedies to the brave souls that turned out to see thd,chbss qouhtry.team battle Illinois in the rain, yesterday, tt was iBother Nhture.at her Worst. A case of seven year itch to the loyal Boilermakers, Who'showed so te.uch interest in their team that they didn’t show up at Slbuday; nighf^' open practice. Thursday night’s pep sesSibn gets the
four hell award.
.. p^c|
Qniek Service -
hi I Northwestern Ave.
Good tood
Jn^t :.A Mr. ]\|erchaiit As stated t)y a prominent Piirdue UniVietsity Official, the ^t^ints Perdue spend feOOO,000 a yea^^ Are yoil getting your shaife?^ J^feMEMBEk ■— these saipie studehts read tlie Exponent d^ily. THi PURRUE BKIONElrt
?«R»V ■■■yry
WITH A NINETEENTH X CLEAISED and PRESSED TOE BEST WORK -n THE RIGHT PRlfcE^
Let us restore that fresh, new appearance to your suits, coats or dresses, Our skillful cleaning methods wfil I’eav'e "e'4bh Ybui' finest fabrics tinhtirmed. ' i
NpRTJIWES'ipER AT VpE'
I»XipNE 4081
The Illinois man evidently was un.neryed hy Appleton’s hot brea,th on his back, for the yi'sitor faltered in the last'teh: yard's and fell.R Victim to Bie B/yeter’s driving "finish. Whq Tripped Tttim ? - ''While the fihst three fi.nishers were frantically frying tb get their hreafh hacl?) fbe remainder of the pdeh' came puffihg'Th 'th'fbugh the rain. Charley Du'esler was the firs't one to show up and took fourth plabe fpT the Riveters. ^^r behih'd him, two other Boilermakers, Itqdch’ and „ Kemp,, were eajing up the temaiteng distance to fake fifljh and sixth places. One Illini runner,
Rehberg, showed up at the fini^ lihe With a gehefbus coating of m^ covering him from head to foot, 'fl^ unwanted burden was the result of h bellyflop. intb the mire, somewhere back in the woods. Summary Holderman, Purdue, first; Appleton, Purdue, second; Duhti, Hlinois, third; , Dpesler, Purdue, fourth; Roach, Purdue, fifth; Kemp, Purdue, sixth; Dietrich, Illinms, seventh; Seib, Illinois, eighth; McLaughlin, Purdue, ninth; Rehberg, Illinois, tenth; Macqhnsen, Illinois, eleventh; Kinder^ Purdue, twelfth. Winning time, 16:51.5.
KOW YOU CAN OBTAIN iSooL-(^^-tLe- ^^onth
k
nt? —jet'ULce
S'
FRQM US! • y^ie Latest Boojes at Lowest Prices <1 ipl^e Book to ]>^eyv Subscribers (| No fenfollment F^e r # Free Gift Book Dividends WHAT ARE THE ADVANTAGES.? ASK US NOW—NQ OBLlGATiQN
BWSTIIItE
Across from t^e Union BniMjnjg M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’2^ R, W. ‘T)oc”
•,’40I I
»m. > £ >. . . . . .....~,f....> .-j^.....,..,;:!. i. kj
Today On WBAA MONDAY 10 00—News 10 00—Cuno Man 10 16—Music 10 80—WBAA Presents 10 46—Theatre of Song 11 00—“American Institutions” with Pi of R Phillips 11 60—^Purdue News 12 00—Agricultural Forum 12 16—Meet the Band 12 46—(Flexible for Special Events) 1 00—Music 1 16—Foods Pacts Fancies 1 30—Betty Wedge—singei 1 45—Markets 2 00—A Story a Day 2 16—Radio Camera Club 2 30—Safety Progiam 2 45—Mary Louise Reppert— pianist 3 00—News 3 10—Music 3 15—Afternoon Melodies 3 30—Organ Moods 4 00—Tea Time Tunes 4 30—Music 4 45—Little Miss Muffett 5 00—Just Relax 6 30—Vespeis 6 45—Curio Man 6 50—News 6 00—Dinner Music 6 30—Sports 6 45—Eleanor Slopesma—singer 7 00—Social Secuiity 7 15—3 M s 7 30—Petite Musicale 8 00—^Marching Along 8 15—Business and Professional Women’s Club 8 30—Eventide Echoes 8 45—South Ameiican Way 9 00—Concert Master 9 30—Music 9 50—News 10 00—OFF THE AIR
a.
yiRiwjips
Sa)£din^ IfuL ShopA.
Notices
mth Jenntp Lauer
\
Nylon comes out m still another form . .
this time it*8 jeweljfy The tiade name is Moonbeam, name winch tiuly suits the ciystallme loveliness of these beads, biacelets, eai-imgs, and clips For the most part, they aie lathei laigo pieces, reminiscent of the choker beads that were the vogue not so long ago The colors aie the best pait of all, so translucent and iichlooking . . . particularly a soft, clear shade of sky blue and a taffycolored gold Loeb’s has an cntiic showcase of this Nylon jewelry,
so make it a point to see it theie soon
T
The AMERICAN for Fine Laundering The AMERICAN for Sanitone Cleaning / The AMERICAN / for Shoe Repairing The AMERICAN for 1 Hat Blocking
\
American Laundry 132 Noilhweslern Avc. PHONE 3085
There is nothing as quaint. . . or nothing that lends such an old-fashioned chaim to a dressing table oi dressei-top as a musical powdci box The ones I found at Lodde's are made ni soft, pastel shades, with chaiming, Watteauish scenes painted on the lid When the lid is iemoved,/uch tunes as “My Old Kentucky Home”, “The Fust lime I Saw You”, “Old Folks at Home,, (to mention only a few) come tinkling out The puce is not exorbitant—$3 95 oi |5 00
Wilde we’re on the musical subject I’d like to know how many of yau have seen the centei window at Southworth’s lecently^ It featuies a Columbia recoid display, and a clever one, indeed. A midget-size conductoi is m the centei, waving a baton, while suriounding him aie albums of music from the Columbia conceit album senes The collections vary widely (have a look at these titles) fiom Gifting Sentimental with Tommy Dorsey to Serenades by String Ensemble, and fioni Dance La Conga to The Music by Victor Herbert Southworth’s has set up this display to remind you to stop in at then lecoid dcpaitment in the back of the store Whethei it’s classical oi sweet oi swing that you prefer,
you 11 find the recoids theie
Old Spice, a refreshing accent to your chaims
r®-
that’s the way the tiademaik leads, and veiy tiue It IS The Eaily Ameiican TLoiletiics, made by Shulton, aie the cleanest, fiesliest-«melling fiagiances evei Old Spice has been a leading sellci foi ovei two yeais, and you all iecOp,ni/e the packages with their quainl figures and designs and know what attractive handkerchief oi jcweliy boxes they make when you
have used up the soap, sachet, oi b ith salts that they originally contained This is a popular fia^jianee with men, too, and shaving soap, talc, and shaving lotion are made up in caithwaie containers These Old Spice toiletries aic not expensive, and you’ll find them
here on the ^est Side at Bartlett’s drug stoie only
Silver Mask* Important meeting for those interested in obtaining equipment and lockers Tuesday Oct 6 in room 303 of the Union at 7 80 p m
—TOWER
C E 41 (Hydraulics) An examination, for the removal of C and I grades will be held from 1 to 4 p m Satuiday October 11 in room 125 Heavilon Hall Permission to take the examination must be obtained from the undersigned prior to October 0
—F W GREVB
Episcopal Students Corporate Communion at Saint John s Sunday Oct 5 at 8 a m Breakfast and meeting of the Canterbury Club will follow services —THORNTON Modern Dance Practices will be held on Monday Wednesday and Friday at 4 and on Tuesday at 7 in the gym —SERBAN WAA Tennis tournament begins Monday October 6 Get three practices in before that date Tournament will be posted in the office —STEIGERWALD Senior Mechanical Engineers Those plan ning to use University Placement Service are expected to attend one of the follow ing meetings in room 207 of the Meehan ical Engineering Building at 4 p m on Tues day October 7 or Wednesday October 8
—BOLZ
Roger Williams Club Please note change in Sunday evening program Fifteen cent lunch at 6 30 Fellowship at 6 00 Discus 8 on at 6 30 —ARTMAN Delta Rho Kappa Short meeting Monday October 6 at 6 p m in room 232 in the Un on Election of pledges Riegle bring secretary book Hillel Foundation Regular meeting at Hillel House 123 Sheetz Street with round table discussion at 6 o clock Sunday even ing Hot dinner will be served ■—UDES Novice Pistol Students desiring to fire in the third novice pistol group starting Tuesday Oct 21 may sign up in the sup ply room of the aimoiy now —BROWN Novice Pistol All students firing in the second novice pistol group are reminded that they must attend the first meeting of the group Tuesday Oct 7 •—BROWN Exponent Freshmen New men are as signed to work as follows Waring and Goode Wednesday —RUFFNER Reamer Club Regular meeting Monday Oct 6 at 7 30 p m in room 304 of the Union Pledges will appear at 7 4 pm —RUrPNLR Union Sophomores Meet ng of the game room and bowl ng alley committee Mon day Oct 6 at 4 13 p m in the East Fac ulty lounge of the Union The following please be present Holden Galloway Good win Hart Roth Probeck Bancroft Mason and Stogdill —WEBER LEWIS Undergraduate Dames w 11 hold open house Tuesday Oct 7 at 7 30 p m in the
1
West Faouliy lomlge of the Union
—VOLLNER
Scriveners* Meeting Sunday Oct 5 at 7 30 p m in roopi 263 of the Union Bring manuscripts ■—RIEGLE Christian Science Organization Regular meeting Tuesday Oct \7 in room 306 of
LfeTT£RS TO THE EDITOR
the Union
-LOCKWOOD
. u , c
ClassesInDelense... (Continued from page 1) meeting on Tuesday afid Thursday evenings ' These courses are available with-
Aipha Phi Omega Open meeting TueS day Oct 7 at 7 30 p m in room 304 of the Union Judge Parkinson will speak —SIGLER Plying Club There will be a regular meeting for all members at 7 30 p m on Wednesday October 8 in room 307 of the
Union
—HABICHT Battery Athletic Officers There will be a meeting of all Battery Athletic Officers in Room 20r of the Armory Monday Onto ber 6th at 4 00 p m —VANDERFORD Triton Club There will be a meeting for all girls who can come Tuesday Oct 7th at 7 30 p m It will be held in the Women s Pool and theie will be no business meeting —KRAEPELIEN Christian Science Grganization There will be a regular meeting Tuesday Oct 7 in loom 303 of the Union , —LOCKWOOD WAA Ward II party will meet Thurs day October 2 at 7 16 p m in the gymn —FORD
Editnt’s Note The following literary
S sr^eT/VoVel on%t'^Vo'e out charge to high school graduates
contributor and the postman we pass on with only one comment—we don t get it 1
Editois, Purdue Exponent
Lafayette, Indiana
or others whose industrial expeiflence gives them equivalent training Anyone who is employable m defense industry, and who has the
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Adding machines all makes sold rented repaired and purchased Mim cograph and multigraph work done C J Ebershoff 606 Main Phone 2779 Lafayette Wanted student to care for furnace for room 627 State St W Lafayette For Rent Downstairs double room good heat one half block from Union cheap Phone 31824 For Rent Single room very reasonable 225 West Lutz Money to Loan on anything of value Albert b Loan Office Pawnbrokers and Jcwclrs 407 Columbia St Lost E K sorority pin between Little ton and campus Call Dons Muth 2127 Lost Sigma Kappa soror ty pin between I ittlcton and camp is Call Dons Muth 212 Will Person who mistakenly switched coats with me in chemistry lab Wedneslay afternoon please contact Herbert Harring ton Ph 46192
Health Service Daily Report
Last Thursday J J Bairow, fieshman engineer, John Chinewicz, freshman physical education stu dent, R Kennedy, freshman en gineer, and Fiances Jones, senioi home economics student entered St Elizabeth Hospital for medical tieatment R E Hill, and R G OBiien, freshman engineers, entered the Home Hospital for medical treat ment Robeita Kessler and Maitha Jane Trost, Junior home economies students, entered the W R H m firmary for medical tieatment i d a
Every one of you has heard of the Book of the Month Club, I’m sure but how many have thought sciiously of Jielonging Now, when you can conveniently belong to this club thiougli the University Book Store, is i good time to leview Its advantages Fust of all,'I'i in cniollincnt piemium, a hook is given to you ficc (You can make youi choice fiom fifteen of the best selleis md finest classics known ) Duiing the yeai twelve hooks aie chosen by the club of which you are to buy foui and foi eiciy two hooks you buy, you get a fiee one All in all, von buy foni hooks md loceive thiee of the free piemium hooks It’s leally too good in offer to pass up, so why not take advantage of it now at the University Book Store.
large poitiait size, fiom 12c to $1 30 Made m Gold or Silver finish these picture liames can he hung on the wall oi set upon a desk oi diessei \ \
Something new has been added to Eastman Service for Kodak
It’s new Kodak Mmicoloi Pimts, made fiom Bantam and 35mm Kodachiome tianspaicncies At a low cost, these transpaiencies are now available m cnlaigements of 2^/4, or 5 X 7^ This new Eastman Scivicc is available to you at The Foster Shop So get to woik you nmcia addicts, and make the most of this oppoitunity of lots of inexpensive coloi pictures
It IS your failure to be taught the prerequisite training, is eligible boundary lines of Washington, Anyone interested in enrolling m D C Did you know you should be these classes, should go to the rooms able to define boundary lines of all where the classes are meeting on states or territories ’ And here you Monday evening for electrical enfall down on Washington, D C The gmeering and on Tuesday evening Distiict of Columbia is a govern- f^r any of the other courses Classes
ment the most poweiful govern- ^jeet at 7 p m
ment on the face of the earth and Daugherty emphasized the fact you cannot define the bound^y that these courses are on a college line Do your teachers know ’ level, and are not to be confused Anyway it looks like all schools with the state vocational training
will get copies of the false records program
that caused all the schools to try Production Creates Jobs to keep the secret and with hold it “The national preparedness profrom school children At least that giam has vastly increased producis something like McNutt’s efforts tion,” he explained, “creating many to get teachers to get it examined jobs for men trained in engineerinto Something wrong with him or jng, science and management We the teacheis for he did not get must tram men to fill these jobs, teachers to do anything about it, and the defense training program and now it is up for good School ^ planned to meet that need ” children taking the load off the “As a result of this program, shoulders of paients teachers aie tiamed men are available to reappealing to the congiess to exam place those withdrawn from indusine into the false records and clear tj-y by selective service or other up this false set of lecoids that the causes The program is designed to land acquired foi the capitol as be piepaie men now engaged m indusing m Va, 100 miles away fiom to assume greater responsibil-
Washmgton and neai Edmbuiy, Va ity ” d e g
It will break out in this teacheis ' meeting, Oct 23, and the school matter what schools do or say They childien will wm over the few who kept ]t seciet Now they will have have kept the old and original lec to act or new men will be sent to ords hidden for yeais and used a Washington who are in favor of set of false lecoids This caused it tiuth in schools See your profes to be kept from schools and child gors ’ See if they favor keeping it a len could not get the truth about it secret or go out and help the school Youi college or Univeisity does not childien get tmth for schools define the boundary lines of oui Na Looks little like Dr Hutchins, tional Capitol But soon the heat Pies of Chicago maybe going to tell will be on Because some schools tbe schools of this failure to teach aie uiging the congiess to look it the truth and win this point Lots up in the Pi ess "ihout him But you will Big speakeis tell of everything heai about it from now on because else but do not know the boundaiy schools will copy and send out cop lines of their own national capitol les to othei schools, then they can Looks almost funny Except it’s too study the exact language used in much for the school childien to ac the false files and then little child cept and they cry out for truth Of len can see it is only land ottered course the school children will win for the capital and rejected Anyfoi paients can not let then own way schools are in a jam
How many unframed pictures do you have jnnned to the ivall 01 stuck in youi niiiioi, just lx e iiisc you iicvci Ind the time to find a fnine foi it^ Well, now is the time to do your flaming with frames fiom llie cnoimous collection at Deac’s Pcihaps jouve seen Diac’s window display and know whit a lai„e ian_e ofsizes and puces m which they can lie obtained—liom miniiliue to a
/
You get free speech, free opinion— these that form the bulwark of freedom for which we American students stand. The Exponent has always ai^d always shall stand, in every battle for the protection of student rights, student opinion, and student thought. \ YOUR NEWSPAPER deserves your support now, though whatever the situation the future may bring. ^‘On the Front Pages ^ of America lies the first line of defense for the democratic way ol life.” STAND BY YOUR NEWSPAPER
childien down, and so the membeis of the congiess must clegj it up, no
Yours truly, W H Brenner
Southworth’s
If you’re the type that covers your dresser tops with lots of little novelties and ornaments, then you I will want to sec tin peilume novelties displayed at I the University Drug Store The perfume comes in I such containers as mmiatuie beds, clocks, and a ■f tianspaicnt dium They are veiy cleveily made and ‘ will make atti active ornaments long aftci the pei fume has been used up
SOMETHIISG FREE!! Yes, Students you get something FREE every lime you read the Purdue Expuneut
Columbia Presents
The Latest RECORDS & ALBUMS 1 Where? At the Record Spot!
Look at these albums— • P 30—TOMMY DORSEY g Sentimental Swing x k • C 50—KATE SMITH \ ' Ameiican Tunes • C 29—BIX BEIDERBECKE Jazz As It Should Be Played • C 13^AL GOODMAN Strauss Waltzes • C 54—RHUMBA with CUGAT • C52—IDDIl DUCHIN ’ Favorite Gershwin Tunes , C38—FHEDUKl Hot Jazz Classics ' • ( 19—MUSICAL HAWAII ^
' 1
Gomplete supplies including the best steel and Cacti needles at—
‘V
pyoDBi BOOK s syppLi Siam 308-10 STATE ST. WEST LAFAYETTE, IND — - Southworth’s