I ■; '*' 4
"S I
‘ ''1*' ' ' ' ' ’■ . ' ,, ' ■
1.' ^^
‘4;./ ■
' 'I
r ?
EDITORIAL: Why nQt say "Hello"? Thaf's What Hello Walk if for.
SFORTSs Highlights O# Kation's fig Football Games Yestenhiy
Volume 53/ No. 67
West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, November 30,18#l
$t. Loflis Symphony Orchestra Will Play Today At 3
BurkholdGr/ RtleV/ StucIcBY/ TpRear Schricker Appoints *®olschmann Will Direct r\fLj \kr D M. r> M. . ^^efcate, WBM Prof.G.E.lommel Four Classical Numbers
O Hara Win Beauty Contest ' 3,500 People Attend . ~
Colorful Program To Sponsor
Playshop Aten To Planning Board
Flying Cadet Board Examines Students Ail Day Tomorrow
Army Air Corps Examining Board, headed by Majoif Joseph P. More, will be on the campus from
"Coed Capers' December 13 YWCA is sponsoring “Coed Capers” Saturday afternoon, Dec. 13
Zerelda from 2:30 to 6 p. m.‘ in the south
Third freshman forum of the ser- Prof. G. E. Lommel of the Uniies sponsored by the Activities Bu- versity faculty has been reappointreau will be held tomorrow after- ed chairman of the new state plannoon at 4 p, m. in the. east faculty ning board, it was announced yeslounge of the 'Union. The freshmen terday by Gov. Henry F. Schricker. will hear Johnny Goll, who will The board was appointed to meet speak on the Purdue Players and the obvious needs for state planPlayshop; Bill Stewart, who will ning due to the development of de-
represent WBAA, Radio Guild and fense industries.
Radio Stage; and Bruce Lawler, who • mon i. j-u ^ ... ,. ^ ’ . , , , , Inactive since 1939, when the state will discuss forensic and debate. , xi, ... x- x-
legislature cut the appropriation ot the board, the new committee will
After the "talks there will be
By Bob Hadley
Climaxing one of the best variety shows to be presented on this campus in recent years, four happy “queens,” Jeanne Burkholder, Marilyn O’Hara,
uxx X.... x;a...jxx.o xx„... Virginia Riley and „ .... . h- • t
tomorrow until Friday, and will Stuckey, walked' out on the ballroom of the Union. This contest ^airs*e Les ^ public-spirited group, start examining applicants for av- stage of the Music Hall last the sororities and the Resi- charge^of^thT'meet- board is comprised of ten iation cadet training tomorrow thunderous an- Halls was started two years members, among whom is Dean
morhing at 8:30 a. m. in room 106 , „ ,. . . • x> i ^las become an annual af- . ... „ of the Chemical Engineering build. of the most satisfied fa,,. Aefv.t.es B u
Applicants must be between the audience ever to AH the blue-
ages of 20 and 26, unmarried, cit- cushioned seats. the sororities and the Women’s iZens of excellent character and in The annual Debris-sponsor- Residence Halls to compete for the good physical condition. At the ed beauty contest reached new J^®®1<^®’^ Trophy. Last year the tropresent time vacancies exist in pi- heights of entertainment with its Omega soror-
lot training, navigation, bombard- well-presented program that spark-
iation, engineering, meteorology, led with beauty, dancing and the Gamma sorority, photography, armament and com- background of Bobby Byrne’s pop- Three Judges for Contest munications. ular music. The contest will be judged by Training of the aviation cadets Opening the show, the orchestra two persons from the campus and consists of five weeks basic army and dancers Ruthiana and Malcolm an outside judge. The trophy is training and thirty weeks specializ- drew applause that never died down awarded by Decker’s Bookstore and ed training at an army or civilian throughout the show. Bill Stewart, any organization winning it for sfehool. During the training all stu- WBAA announcer, then introduced three consecutive years will have dents receive books, board, room, 32 girls representing the cream of permanent possession of it.
clothing, and $75 a month pay. Upon campus pulchritude. One by one Fifteen cents admission will he AA brought the annual Western need planning later in the post-war graduadon the cadets are commis- they passed before judge Jerry Car- charged. The proceeds will be used Conference Debate League’s Worn- period even more than we need it Sibned aS^ second lieutenants in the Ion of the Dexheimer-Carlon Stud- to send representatives to the na- on’s Discussion Tournament to a now. The planning board can fulAir Corpsv and receive up to $246 a ios, charged with the difficult but tional YWCA conference at Lake close. The subject of this confer- fill this need better than any single month. yet enviable task of picking the four Geneva, Wasconsin next summer, ence was “What Part Should the agency we have under our present Full information and application “queens.” While the judge under- Every year YWCA members from United States Play in Establishing statutes and I am sure can render a blanks may be obtained at the Ad- took the job of selecting the 16 ^11 colleges and universities meet a Just and Stable Post War World highly valuable service to the state. jdt^t’s^Office or from Lt. Col. F. prettiest, Bobby Byrne and cohorts tjjere to discuss progi'ams and YW Order?” The people I have chosen have the
presented baritone Jimmy Palmer activities. Round Table Discussion Held state’s welfare at heart and I feel and juggler Wilfred Dubois. Gindy Hague is in chaige of “Co- Yesterday morning, after a ser- can accomplish much.” s.w.
Carlon Has Tough Time gjj Capers.” Any organization may ies of round table discussions at Judge Carlon met his 16 choices enter the contest and there is no which definite conclusions and soon the stage for closer scrutiny and limit to the number of people par- lutions were agreed upon, another
r e a u especially
urges independent men to attend riculture. The board will meet in In-
Ten minute skits will be given by ^he series of meetings and learn of dianapolis on Dec. 9 to organize. It . o.a activities ojien formulate plans for public
to freshmen, s.b. buildings, aviation fields, roads and
highways, sanitation systems,
bridges, and flood control.
In his announcement regarding the board. Governor Schiicker said: “I feel that even though the funds for the board are vei’y limited, the organization is badly needed now in the state, with the rapid development of defense industries and the changes taking place in the life and
A broadcast from 2 p. m. until work of our Indiana people. 2:30 yesterday afternoon over WB “We need planning now and will
For Big Ten Coeds Closes Yesterday
R. Ricks in the Armory, d.e.b.
Modern Dance Club Will Hold Informal Open House Dec. 3
retired obvjously baffled as the ticipating in each skit, c.e.w.
hopefuls swept off the stage to await his decision. The sixteen returning were Anna Belle Ball, Jeanne Burk-
Modern Dance Club will hold an holder, Janeth Dixon, Gloria Fox, informal open house Tuesday, at Catherine Kern, Bette Lu Krudup, 7:30 p. m. in the Women’s gymnas- Roberta-Lewis, Jo Anne Menefee, ium. There will be no admission Marge Libbert, Margaret Miller, charge and everyone is invited to Marilyn O’Hara, Virginia Riley, Pat
Two Ag Statisticians Will Talk At Seminar
general discussion was held, at which the chairman of each group
presented a 10 minute report. Criticism of the conference was
presented at luncheon yesterday noon, by Dr. A.' H. Monroe and Dr. P. E. Lull of the speech department.
Conference^-Opened Friday
Exponent Training School For Frosb Will Start Tuesday Tyaining school for freshmen,
men and coeds, interested in work-
Prof. M. M. Justin, senior agri- The conference opened with a f^^® editorial or sports staff
attend the short program. Smith, Mary Jane Snider, Zerelda cultural statistician, and Prof. R. coaches meeting' Friday morning, of the Exponent will start Tuesday, The program includes two dances, Stuckey, and Janice Yeoman. e. Straszheim, agricultural statis- with a general session following, Lee Ruffnei’, managing editor an“Oh, Susanna” and a polka. Be- ^®®f Dorothy Claire tician, will discuss “Farming Prac- under the direction of Betty Foss of nounced last night. Two training sides the dances the group will dem- point Byrne introduced tices of Pai-ticipating and Non- Indiana University. One represen- schools will be conducted each day, onstrate modern dance techniques Doiothy Claire, who very Participating Farmers under the tative of each of the Big Ten one beginning at 4 p. m. and the
which include cumulative rhythm, stopped the show with her aAA Program in 1940” at the reg- schools took part in a panel dis- other at 5.
fall studies, flexion and extension. Presentation of^four current hits, ^lar agronomy seminar to be held cussion, which was one of the high- Although callouts have already and othe rexeicises which serve as ^’ually permitted by the audience tomorrow afternoon at 4 p. m. in lights of the conference. A round been held, anyone interested is the basis for a finished composition. withdraw. Miss Claire was fol- Agricultural Hall. table discussion followed an address urged to attend the training schools Modern Dance resembles the old *'^® r'eappearance of the Representative farms of the nine by Prof. Frank R. Hall of the his- and sign up at that time. Previous interpretive dancing’popular sever- t®^!^ Ruthiana and Mai- Indiana Farming areas have been toiy, economics, and government de- experience, although helpful, is not al years ago but has been stream- minutes of frantic at- carefully studied during the last paitment. At a banquet Friday ev- necessary for work on any of the lined to conform to the 1940 idea *'^® Murker Brothers to year and the statisticians will pre- oning, one icpiesenla'tivo from each staffs. The only requirements are
reduce each other to wreckage. sent the I'esults of the extensive sUr- Big Ten school gave a five minute interest in the Work, a sense of huCame the fateful moment and one veys and compilation of fanning talk. Miss Janet Moorehouse was mor, a sense of cooperation and a by one, Pui due’s prettiest came niethods. d.e.b. the toastmistress. c.e.w. sense of responsibility, d.e.b.
forth to live one of the high-points
Directed by Vladimir Golschmann, the St. Louis Syrophony Orchestra will present a concert of four selections this afternoon at 3 in the Music Hall. Prof. J. T. Gunn, chairman of the Convocation committee, announces that this program of classical music, the fourth University Convocation of the semester, will consist of the following numbers by the orchestra:
I
Overture and Allegro Couperin-Milhaud
H
Symphony No. 7 , Beethoven Intermission
III
Romeo and Juliet Tschaikowsky
IV
Under the Spreading Chestnut Tree Weinberger
Conductor for 10 Years
Golschmann has held the baton for the St. Louis Symphony since 1931 following an engagement with that group as guest conductor. As leader of the 87 ;
piece organization he now conducts more than 50 performances during a season. This
ing.
year marks 'the 60th consecutive season of performances for the orchestra, a record which is exceeded only by one similar group in the United States, the Philharmonic -
Symphony of New York. department has announced Brought to New York from opening of two post-graduate Prance by Walter Damrosch, Gol- Engineering open sehmann conducted the New York graduates of recognized engin-
eering colleges. One opens at the Naval Academy, Annapolis, on Jan.
Immediately following this after- 9 and the other on the U. S. S. noon’s concert, a reception for the Prairje State, New York City Jan.
members of the St. Louis Symphony 22.
Orchestra and their conductor, The course which is four months Vladimir Golschmann will be held in length/ leads to commissions as in the east and west faculty lounges Ensign E-V (G)—Engini^ifig^VQL of the Union. Students, faculty and unteer Service—jn the Naval Retownspeople are invited to attend, serve. Those who succeed in earn-' iag the commission will see active
duty for “the duration,” and if they
Symphony for two seasons and took wish may transfer to the regular
U.S.NavyWillOpen Naval Engineering Schools in January
over the duties of Arturo Toscanini as conductor of the New York Philharmonic during a period of Tos-
canini’s illness.
Called “Most Complete Conductor” Achieving recognition through direction of modern music, Golsch-
navy. There will be a third course on the Prairie State on May 28. Men who do not have an engiheering degree will be accepted if they have 120 hours of college credit including two years of college math, one year of physics and one
mann expanded his abilities to cov- year of chemistry, er other periods of music to the ex- Those students who are interesttent that the Parisian critic, Andre ed may make appointments for fuCoeuroy, declared him “the most ture interviews through W. E. Vogcomplete conductor of our time.” ler. d.e.g.
Admission to the concert will „be by passport, season book or single admission tipket, the latter of which will be available at the door only. Doors will be opened at 2:15 p. m.
k.k.
of grace. After mastering the basic techniques, the dancers listen to music and decide what movements
would best express the feelings their respective careers and hear aroused m them by that particular ^^^ience.
composition. From thi^ beginning, after some modification and much practice, comes the finished dance. * Director of the Modern Dance Club is Miss Theresa Bell, a graduate of the University of New York. Eleanor Serban is president of the
group.
For their appearance on Tuesday the dancers will wear grey silk jersey skirts over gray leotards of wool jersey and will have bright plaid
bows in their hair.
Of the twenty girls presenting
this program six are former members of the club, and ten are pledges
The pledges were chosen
With the memory of 32 coeds effectively discounting an old University tradition and two hours of really enjoyable entertainment, 3,600 people went home happy, es-
pecially the Kapi^s.
Gimlets, Reamers Meet In Sham Football Tilt Tuesday Evening; Yell Leaders Will Officiate
Dr. Young ToSpeak Tomorrow To Farm Management Group
By Ted Wendell
Ably led by “Fat Stuff” Johnson to call signals fi’om fullback for Starting line-ups for the battle and “Puddin’ Head” Ruffner (alias the fraternity men. are, as yet, uncertain, but one thing “The Whip”) the Gimlets and the Peppers Back Down is certain, substitution will be pro-
Reameis will meet at the half time Contrary to previous repoi’ts the fuse.
intermission of the intrasquad bas- Gold Peppers have declined to serve “Dinah” Rush has consented to ketball game Tuesday night in what as officials, refusing to play any coach the Gimlets and “Shylock” is rumored to be a football game, part in such a farce. Both teams Stacker will probably be drafted as
Popular comment has it that the are hoping to prevail upon “Sonny” mentor for the opposition.
Several farm management staff Gimlets are guilty of taking an un- DeGarmo and “Cui’ly” Goll and the Injuries May be Problem
members and Indiana farmers will fair advantage since they will take rest of the Yell squad instead. For obvious reasons the game will f ..X.XV, V... active part in the annual to the floor with four varsity foot- Razzle-dazzle, hipper - dipper be played with a volley ball instead asis 0 num er o pi ac ices an American Society of ball players and a boxer. However, plays will dominate the offensive of the standard pigskin. The type of Farm Managers and Rural Apprais- it is expected that strategy and play of each side. The basic Gimlet uniform has been left to the disors to be held in Chicago tomorrow communist sabotage i^ethods will style of attack is very simple (very) cretion of the individual, which is and Tuesday. Dr. E. C. Young, of compensate the Reamers for the yet is adjudged sound by some fof probably a grave mistake. Stretcher the farm management department, bone crushing tactics of their en- the greatest minds in the game, bearers will be available for the who is vice-president of the nation- emies. They plan to deploy the Notre Dame emergencies that are certain to
al society, will pi’eside at tomor- No “Moral Victories” single wing back and box with some arise.
row’s luncheon and will lead the Whatever the results of this hec- plays being run from the “Model T” Tentative starting line-ups are as
discussion on “The Future and tic encounter may be Johnson and formation, but in the main will re- follows:
T. B. Councelman,~manager of What to do About It” at the closing Ruffner have vowed that no claims sort to two line plays, a pass (in- heamfrs the Industrial Division of the Dorr session on Tuesday afternoon. of “moral victory” will be made by complete,' of course) and a punt Thomson Company, Chicago, will address the Hoosiers To Take Part either side. (which may or may not be blocked). ’ regular meeting of the AIME to be Other Indiana persons scheduled It might be well at this time to Fancy Stuff • "Slugger'’ held Tuesday night, 7:30 p. m. in to take part in other phases of the divulge the names of the Boiler-’ The Reamers are planning a most ^fwo^atrike” room 366 of the Union. Councel- program are Howard Halderman, makers who will stud the Gimlet intricate running game, using Osman, who is vice-president of the Wabash; C. M. Long, West Lafay- lineup. “Yard-and-one-half” Petty sie Solem’s “why” formation and Yoder AIME milling methods committee, ette; C. B. Meeker,Burnettsville and will, of course, carry the brunt of Pop Warner’s double wing back. gSrd^ Atom' will talk on “Beneflcating Minnes- F. E. Elliot, Oxford. John R. Bow- the offense. That “Redheaded Ro- They will string along with the ota Iron Ores” and in his talk he en, Indianapolis, will receive a pro- meo,” Jim Miller, and Patricia Tim- time-honored, tested and approved “Puddin' Head" will discuss the various ways of fessional rating, “Accredited Rijr- perman will be the standout “block system of four plays into the line benefication such as washing, jig- al Appraiser,” which is conferred of g'ranite” linemen. “Punchy” Ben- with an occasional revival of the ging, differential density apd' sin- by the society upon qualified mem- na is the boxer. Statue-of-Liberty play, the end- ciurk tering. / bers, “Dynamo” Hansen is expected around and the flying wedge. nanseir"'
Wafer Ballet, Diving Feature Aquacade Show Before 500
By John Keeler,
Associate Sports Editor
Closing with the same uproarious comic diving exhibition which created so much hilarity among Friday
evening’s crowd of spectators, the until yesterday got off to a gloitoilis fifth annual Aquacade last night cli- start with 1574 votes to top Jas^t
Morehouse who has 1563. Both of these contenders are far ahead at Ruth Rose who is in the third posi-
tion with 689.
The other contestants who aie leading the field of more than SO
Dibos Spurts Ahead In Race for "Queen Of Bareback" Title The unusual has happened again. Sigma Chi Dick Dibos, President of the Senate, and chau’man of the Military Ball committee squeezed into the lead last night in a close race with Janet Morehouse for the title of “Queen of the Bareback Riders.” The title will be awarded at the annual “Riveter’s Rassle" sponsored by the University chapter of Sigma Delta Chi, journalism
fraternity.
Dibos who had received no votes
were announced at the WAA banquet. They will become members of the club at an informal initiation
before Christmas, s.b.
T. B. Councelman To Talk On Benefication Tuesday At AIME Meeting In Union
GIMLETS
"Stew” Clouser
“N. T. G."
Adams "Korn.,,
Miller
“Tubby”
Skallerup
"Sandy"
McDaniel
"Patty"
Timperman "Billy Boy"
Lancet
"Punchy"
Benna
"Taffy"
Tafel
‘Yard-and-one-halfy
Petty
"Fat Stuff"
Johnson
LG
RE QB
LHB RUB
maxed one of the most successful aquatic demonstrations ever given before a Boilermaker audience. Again on Saturday night, as for the initial peiformance, the seating facilities of th,e Fieldhouse pool were
jammed to capacityias 500 specta- ^^■® June Darrow with 357 and Ag-
tors crowded their way in. ^®® McCullock with 271.
Quite differently from the aver- Below is printed an official bhls' age run of so called “water carnij lot which is not necessary for vofvals,” both performances of this ing. The only rules which mofit b#season’s Aquacade were run off with followed are that no more thah onb almost clocklike precision. Billy ''^ote may be cast upon a single sUp Rose has nothing on the Riveters’ of paper and/no one person may
master showman, Dick Papenguth. ®nst more thajn 1991/^ votes.
Colorful lighting effects, the Glee Note: A peek into the ballet bwt Club and finely executed ballet has just disclosed that Doids Pickswimming all combined to make this ering has passed Agnes McCuHoek year’s Aquacade one of the most hy adding 260 to her previous total
pleasing spectacles that has hit this S'^mg her 306.
campus in many a moon. •—
New State Record
John Dilley, Elroy Heidke and Dick Kratzer teamed off in the 150 yard medley relay and their com-
(Continued on page 3)
Expo Coeds
Meeting in office tomorrow at 4 p. m. for assignments for coed edition. ROSE.
Official Australian llalloi (Imported by SDX> Foi Queen of the Bareback
Riders
Name
Not more than 19814 votes cepted from ontja in excess of 20,990 J|oc any gim candidate will be <|isallowe4--« we can’t count tW high.
’ > ■%'Purdue Exponent Sunday, November so, 1941
mtio
By Drw-Peaps«n a^d R0!b|ert S. All,en
W- ■
very wise precaution in the final days of the convention—after several anti-Lewi^^es had been attacked by Lewi'srifcs.
The braAVlers the' convention
slugginR. Two da^y i^efo^ the t'he Caitipus” page; t<hey atso rap a sliort ar-
hieeting convened, Ray Thom- <
ason, one of Denny’s henchmen, tide bn our university life. The photographs beat up two young aides of Mur- and the feature story presented a rather-gueer
i'ay. Tiiomason used ■his 4™™- . . • „ ,, mi m ‘i. ,1-
sized fists several other times, P’c^ure ot the University. The pha-: but finally he got his. tographed about ten times as many coeds as
one says
mm «h»e.i.e.piek-
eii P^Mgle^ piece of information. \ on ^‘The Church Paces the student,”
When we read this letter, we WOUld?.haVe at 6:30 tonight in the Roger Wil- pj.ogident E C Elliott addressed Idfced. ito .haV'e flbpejil pirou.d tha^t {^Uindwe had, the annual fai meeting- of th'diceri-J ■S'om'd^ing; that other schools envied. But no club will conduct a social hour. Indiana Purtlue' Dadli'; ..!^^^^^ ’ hslio” on this particular walk any- n.«te Mother, asoodatici hold ' in- >thi, aot vdn OMid stroll un and down it ? ‘"“"‘‘“‘"’K' , tr Tabornacle Preabjftofian Charch.ln-,
, act, you,stroll up ana aown M. t,St church. The meetings of the i„c.f fPVirlnV In his' tailk in<^ und gave’ him a gfJPf, whichj^S.^ J?ttlp^^J^^. The,^g,oa%/ a#,#iy;^}^er ;pttin|,^,^i|p ^n^t olub a^e^opn to studdhts of othbr ffework:bein^.dbi^e wto’t forget for a long time. wept into a.dpsQriptiem^aur ^^r.by.,, by>;toy'uiiiyersiij Wing toe pi^sAnother behind the scenes’'itoni tonjj.which i^ij.p'yy.ppactically nq.pi^xis'teint..';,,iPfpple putside of the University vevidently Vj'—■ enthatiohaietoefgehcy and'pointed that had a lot to do with toe sour- This incorrect presentation of Purdue cam- . fhirik' more of our traditions than the stu- partner of Democratic Boss Ed out that much of the work being ing of the delegates on Lewis was p^g Jife is having Aome aurious ■©■ffiects. The 46n'ts themeei-v-ee; ^-t ‘least, 'the Tri'bwtie a-nd Plynn, to be their commissioner for done by the ,Uintversity .is Gfash.ig,liDailymini of the University of Illinois prdnjt- , the Daily IUi#i think so. Why don’t we Jia.ng participation by . Pan American fy con, entia na ure, mvo vmg
ed ^^lett^y to ^the .editpr |:'hursdayj,:^o^n^n^ Oi^to j^he ,sh^e(|s of.a hne old cus'djo^,
Husky uiijted Auto Workers wad- .and thg agtiual ,ra'^ig,5yns listed as fivie to ed into him af'S O’clock ope morn- ’ " - - • .
the dumpy little hall in iivhich the convention wds‘ held. This was bldm-
od squarely on JoHn ti.
Dutn]>y Hail
praising our "cburtesy walk” tradition hiitl our noses away frqm jjhosfe ,M'|de yuleai ahd ^
Here is thT'inside''story: Weeks askipg that Illinoi^ st:artaeimiiarjOn^,im|nf<3-, C'^^ttfe long enough to greet fellow, stu- ® , .
before the dato‘set for tile conven- lately. The writer .thpught that it was a powW dents on Heliq "WfaJk ? . • , “ tion, j. Raymond ^Beli, brother-in- ■ ^ ■ ' i/ j.;' V ' ^ .
T«ck PiOwn Nazi ^iliT Wftd Riflfed Papers
President
■ n.. a luteili
gence agents have run down a Nazi those he confeixed with was August Epy 'w'bdse dpefations were a Source Scholle, head of the Michigan CIO
Agency is esponse to
law of Lewis and CIO ‘Comptroller, flew to Deti-oit to discuss arrangements With local leader’s. One of
and director of the tVaynfe County Industrial XJnion Couhci'l. ' Accompanied by Scholle, Bell visited a number or available halls, with seating capacities from 2,000
to 15,000.
Scholle urged accepting one of the modern, larger halls, pointing out that Detroit is a, CIO stronghold'and that thousands of CIO auto workers, planned to at- > tend sessions of. the contention, particularly at night, But apparently this whs'exactly'.tvivdt'w'as
hot ‘wahted.
The United Auto Workers are militantly behind the President’s foreign .policies. Also the Wayne Courrty lUC last month caustically' dehouhced union raiding ac'l
of Thrtidh^ concern to the State DeijjifldTOehf and military authorities for n>i>oths, •The incident illustrates the scope of.-thcVNazi spy system; also the size of the job in combating it. For months highly important messages between the United States and Guatemala reached Berlin almost as fast as they were dispatched. The government of Guatemala is anti-Axis and on'friendly terms with this
country.
.Careful checking convinced authorities that the leak was g Jiigh source in the Guatemalan . government. This finally led to .ih* ■discovery. He was a Spaiiiard ■ i^mg'd ' Ibkrgiieri,' f he "valet tif Uuaiemala’s strongly, pro-Amer-ica President Jorge Ubico. Uiing his confidential position to
ransack the private papers of Ubico, the spy communicated the infOrmatidii to the German Mihisster in Guatemala, w'ho in turn-used his diplomatic privileges to dispatch thie'material to Berlin. Among the idfdi'ination, given the Nazi Minister Wei'e the contents of messages
e.xchanged betkveen President Ubi- had been chosen. cb:ghd'‘the State and Navy'Depart- The auto workers V'ere furious, niento. , but there wasn’t anything they ■ Columnist Keeps Clean couid do. However, they dug into When Mrs. Roosevelt interview- their jeans and spent $1,000 to reed Daniel Arnstein for her Pan paint and redecorate the hall. ScholAn^lcan coffee program, he told te personally forked over $100 to hera story that did not go on the buy an “ndesired bunting from the ,' ' hall owmers so it could be removed. Arnstein^ back from untangling Note: An outspoken anti-Lewis-tri^e on the Burma Road, .said he ite, Scholle was one of those slugged ran into Jpe Alsop, e^c-columnist, in tiy Denny s bruisers.
Sol
i94^-iA^Z .
Bloom, the man who has
England : ■ 5,266^000.-ibushels -of this dilemma the oompany went to corn; 180,000,000 pounds of evap- Henderson, who promptly made tw.o orated milk; 16,224 .pounds of leiephone calls that' procured the fish liver oils rich in Vitamin A; dCsp'd-atoly needed plastic supply.
171,000,000 pounds of pork pro- '* *
SPAB (Supply, Priorities & Al- hatched more centennial ceilebra155;000,000 pounds of dried loc,£^^Qns goai’d) is working itself up tions than'ailyone in North of South ■beans. for a loud eruption over hoarding. America, w'as the first to remember A'confideht'ial inventory has uncoy- that next yeai-, 1942, as a good exToughest crackerdowner ' oh efed the fact that enormous .quan- cuse for celebrating'1492. It is 'j'u'st auto production is scrappy Price tities of' scarce, strategic metals,. 450 years after the yoyage of CoController Leon Henderson. Yet such as brass, zinc, copper, a,re be- lumbus.
some of the riaost^impdrtant military secrets of the United''fetotes. ' ' ; ■ . ■ h ■;■ ‘l /;v,<l ’ t'l .I' -H.- ■ Dean Stratton addressed the same
its nation-wide “truck inventory,” meeting on the subject “If 1 Had a being conducted fdh ithe War Be- Daughter at Purdu^; In,he:;^talk pki-toiteL Nfef^y TO'p^rcehthf the Dean Stfatto^^ OutUped truclc owhe'rs 'to who'm guestionV fh6ed by her office m which the parngires? were sent already have re- ents of students coulcl be of assispliied and a'big rhajpritV afefeed to tance in solving, d.e. .
that fails, the Army and Navy will invoke their new law to re-
quisition defense materials. ^ vehicles to the gover'n-
W'hen General Motors recently ing hoiarded by hundreds of .pla'iits got in a jam over a material all over the ebunti'y at the expense shortage, it Was Henderson who of the defense,program.
came to the rescue and got the corporation out •of a :bad 'hole. GM suddenly found itself shoi't of a special kind of plastic needed for ignition sets. Only a small amount of pla.stic was required, but it was -under strict OPM priority control tor months. It looked as if General Motors was out of luck and
tivlties of Deiuvy Lewis’s UCW. wouldn’t be able to turn out even
Big gallery turnouts of individualistic, leather - lunged auto workers might not be comfort-
able for Lewisite's.
So Belie returned to Washington and for several weeks nothing was heard from him. Then, to the amazement of the Detroit leaders, se sent word that one of the smallest and most antiquated halls, in the city
its greatly reduced car quota. In
Intprestiri'g leature of the report is that the worst hoarders are, little business men, loud wallers about the hardships defense is inflicting' on them. Some were'touiid to have stock accumulations for 50 months. The survey confronts SPAB with a big and diflicult crackdown job. Persuasion first will be n.scd to make the 'woi'-st'hoarder^ cough' npl If
. 'However, the Mexicans were the first to act on Sol’s suggestion, arid are organizing an eipositidn to commemorate the 451ith Anniversary of the Discovery of America. It will be held next year, when three highways through Mexico also will be officially opened; from Guatemala, from San Diego and from Monterey. The Mexicaris have wisely chosen Ted Hayes, U. S. Commissioner to the New York World’s Fair and
Shnuking, at the time of a bombing
'j-aid.
“Oh,” said Mrs. Roosevelt, “lu»w was Joe?” (Alsop is a dis-
His Pound of Sleep
Isolationist Senator Bennett Clark of Missouri has been the ■9bject of a lot of late telephone calls
Ignt relative of the Roosevelts.) by newsmen recently, especially the “Weil,” said Arnstein, “he industrious reporters of the Washwasn’t doing so well when I saw ington Post, Impatient over loss of
sleep, Senator Clark picked up the telephone and called Post Publisher
Eugene Meyer.
“Listen,^ Butch,” he said, “every time one of your boys calls me a.D ter bedtirae, I’m going to call you
him. lit was early morning, and Jpe was just getting out of bed 'wjusn the alert sounded—a Japaiipse air raid. But Jx>e had to liato his bath, so he called, ‘Boy!’
and ordered hot water.
“Just as he got into the tub, the and wake you, too.” f.ecori'd'alarm sounded. Joe jumped . Defense Flashes out of the tub,/wrapped a bathrobe ^ confidential report prepared alibut his dripping figure, and ran for,the White House shows tteit up down into the dug-out.” to Ntovember 1, $1,000,000,000 worth ,, CIO Scai-s of lend-lease supplies were shipped The John L. Lewis clique left to Britain, one-third in food. Of this sopie .scars at the CIO convention $300,000,000 for food, .$100,000,000 tliat-will take a long tinie to heal, crossed the Atlantic in October.
Oue was toe slugging of antiLewisites by strong-arm men of the United Con.struction Workers, which i.‘5!'liead^ by burly A. D. (Denny) Lewis, biother of John L. Lewis. This was the fii'st i-eal sluggery at .a-GIO convention and it shocked
arid outi’aged the delegates.
Denny never appeared in public in Detroit without a bodyguard of six to twelve hefty maulers. This probably was a
pjuJtduc, £xpomnL All-Aivlirfcari '
Entered as second class matter at the post office in La.fgyette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at tlie special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1'917, authorized January 20, 19-22. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the. Summer. Session. Deliver ed ■ locally by carrier for $3..50 per. year, ^mail subscriptions, $4.00. . . , , ,
Editpr-in-Ghief.. Mews Editor Sports Editor....
..Ned A, Ochiltree Business Manager.. ..John 1/. Traugott MAnaging Editor PKU Johnson Coed Editor.
Don S. Powers ..l.e]und W. Ruflner Ruth Rose
PublicaHon Staff Associate Editors Editorial Staflf: J. F. Amos,'J. H, Armstrong, D, T. Brophy, R. L. Hadley, F. I. Jones, E. <3. Kieper. Spurts StafT: O. T. Clark, J. D. Fraser, J. S. Keeler. Coed Staff : Mary K. Boynton, Alice ChatfieJd, Jane Ramsdell.
Business Staff Coed BuRinevsa Manager: Donna Siess ; Office Manager: Lee Bo:'aong. Local Advertising Managers: K. K. Gjemro, R. E. Saxton; Circuiatiom Manager: W. T. Bell; Accounts Manager: W. D. Millard. Junior; Coed Managers: Jean Frankehberry, Frances Lloyd, Julia Martin.
Phones: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 Editorial Afigr 10 P. M -5377
Represented for national ndverti.s^ing by National Advertising Service, Inc., College PuhliBhers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Staff For This Issue Day Editor^ Cliatficld Reporters: G. W, Byers, A. P. Hunter, K. A. Klosson, S. A. Beall, D. E. Glass, R. A, Fischer, D. Glaspie, C, WAtUe.worth, Sports E.ditor: Clark Sports lleporte>rs: E. L, Karpick, C. E. Sowards.
NiglU Editor: Amos Issue Edit^ir: Bulz
ment—-if needed .in- an envergency. However, Federal 'Works officials were nonplussed by some nf the answers received. A patriotic Georgia larmer replied, “My truck’s broken down, but toe goverrimerit can have 'my mule team.” Others went even torther. They delivered their trucks to iuo.tor vehicle comriiissiitners in their States with instructions to tiirii them over to the Army. One mid-westerner replied, “The government can 'have my truck when it is not needed for funerali?, which constitute a local emergency.” Another wrote: “I have a 1929 truck, which mi.ght be described a.s an emergency itself. I used to haul junk on it, but decided that it wa.s worse than some of the stuff I was hauling. The government would be doing mo a real favor by taking this antique off my hands.” (Copyright, 1941, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
Luke To Speak Toil 19111 For Wesley Vespers , Guekl'spehker''df the Wesley Vespers at the Methodist church,, tonight at 5:45, will be Rj'ev. 'T.';_J. Luke, of Indianapolis^ iltev. Luke has been directo.]- of the youth vvoik of the Lafayette district of the Methodist church for the past three years. The youth of the .pastor makes his niessages more appealing to the students' on campus., Music 'by the choii) under, the direction of Jack Lewis will be hea'i'd. All of too students on' eannpus and all, others who . arc interoated are' invited to attend, e.o.w.
Tea Dance
. : . sponsored.by the Student ,Art Guild will be held Tuesday afternoon from 4 to 5:30 p. m. in the Union. Coeds will be admitted’free but ten cents ' admission .’ will /bo..; chai'ged for’’cds. ' ' "
Translated into tonnage this meant
moie than 259,000 tens." Lend-lease food buying is han-
dled by the Surptos -Marketing Admiriistration, riow the largest single food purchaser in tihe' U. S., exceeding even the Army. Surplus Marketing is now buying at the rate of $2,000,000 a day; soon will buy at $1,000,000 daily. Here are some of the major itenjs SMA has bought for
\ ,
SCREAMING^ — with — LAIRD CREGAR - WILLIAM 6AfiGAN ALAN MOWBRAY - ALLYN JOSLYN
NOW PLAYINGMAU
NOW SHOWINGg DOUBLE FEATURE-
fHE youth BRIGRADE—IN A FUN PARADE! It’s A Cheer-lediliiig IHIositatWft
ALSO—PLUTO'S PLAYMATES
TODAY- MONDAY -2 SWELL HITS-
^hode, ARl HER£ AGAIN!
> i1
Stmidjiy. 3P, 1941
Varsity Squad Encounters 4^^nwnued f^om page 1) , 4'^ i; ; I r?.?'- .,4^ ", ,' *.4 k ' ' fpK Tye^^lay
bijied efforts’Were sufficient 40 break the present Indiana record by almost three seconds. Their time was
l:2fl.0. ,'This caii:^ as a surprise to " ? . v " . ~ ^ f ■
everyone since the nature of the /
eVents were such that each swim- on Wry excellent demonstration of mer must necessarily jump into the the crawl, back and^ breast strokes water for his race with absolutely before fi very appreciative audience, no warmup at all. Hope was all Then, at the request of Dick PapenCoach PapWgUth ha,d, ahd Very 8'nth> she showed the various types little al that, when the subject came' of turns swimmers use to reverse up of setting new Records during their direction at the end of a pool. ’ ■' ' One of the stars of the ^evening.
the show.
Here’s Another
There was even a world’s lecord broken last night. Dick Smith, pacing Alex Kusko on bicycles foi the
Ifeamkrs Will Meet Gimfets In Od^ Grid Tilt Between Halves
■By Ed Kafpick
jolt on Saturday. They point with pi’ide to the fine high school records of !^hlers. Server, Martens, Witsman, and Mason among others. Tuesday night will be the proof of the pudding, for then it will be pi oven whethei a fine high school
Navy 14; Army 6
‘’'Iniitiie*42ad1re|t0t|r4>uf their annual grid classic Navy weighed anchor and sailed tl^ough Army yesterday hftdrhooh.befoW^SjOffO apoctators in the Municipm Stadium in Philadeilphia, 14 to 6, The Navy W4n over* the Cadete 'y^^tqrday bhings the Navy tbtal of wins over Army to 17 since the staa-t of the series. Army lays claim to 22 of the contests, and three games ended in ties. The Army’s 22 Wins in the ‘series seems to be a Jinx for the West Pointers, as( they’yd been obliged to keep this number as a total since 1939. Navy took the game in ’39; ID to '0, in ’40 they again took over 14 to 0 and this season’s wini made it three in a row for the Navy. The victory today leaves Navy with an ^cellent record for the seasonj having lost only to Notre Dame, and huiug tied by Harvard. Ax-my’s record isn’t* quite ^ up to that of Navy’s, having lost four and winning five out of a nine game season.
• Frc^i^ Ys. Varsity Tuesday €veiifitg Introducing a grand new gang^of nesephyte Hoiiermakers, it Iraiieh na^es whiW Will be quiti familiar Tn hardwood circles for the nelsct foosi years or better, the 1&41 B’reshman basketball squad, iif the 125 dates who reported to Coach Piggy Lambert nine weeks ago, onlSf were pi'esent when Head Freslmian Coach Dutch Pehri^ laid dowtt, the reins of football coaching to assume his hfardwood duties this week. .In addition, 14 members of the freshmen football squad heve r^gxirted.fier practice, and will be in there pitching for the coveted 15 positions after the final cut. ’ i
as far as the effect she had on the audience went, was a cute little Miss by the name of Carol Cockran. Miss Cockran is just five years old.
^fi'yd ^engtlTof the pool7nosed him Swimming the length of the pool special year for basketball be- dictable rubberman, and dpt by a spokes length to win in the ^ stroke that had every- cause it marks the golden an- Sprowl, the set shot Uftist par ex-
Tuesday night at 7:30 will ready to face his more exsee the curtain rise on the 1941 ^ ^ a x ' ^ *1 n -1 Featuiing the usual Lambert edition of the PoiJei^niaker ^tyle attack will be the acrobatics basketball team. This ,is a of Captain Don Blankdn, thd unpie-
Frosty
Just Piain Indiatia l&asketbalf
Oregbn St. 12; Oregon U. 7 This .year’s freshman squad ..isp’t a gang of great high sc^uxd stars,
nor, a bunch of imported players from other states, but Just a typical bunch of typical Indiana high school players—^hailing from big and little towns, but all but two of them calling the Hoosier state “^Home.” As is typical of these famous Indiana pi'oducts, they loVe to pfey the game, and are willing to work for all there is in it. And if ypu think this gang isn’t working hard for this varsity game Tuesda^ yotPre ctaz^. They have everything to win, and nothing to lose, and are all out to give
the varsity plenty to worry about.
time of 1:20.6. Toward the end the thing, this little giil added even ^iversary of ,the foupding of
.1 +tT»»4* M QV 4-/\ loni rxld rixr riiTrivirv ■fivtci't-
cellance. watched
No one Wh'6 Don go down'
has ' ever the floor
Ijdys let their bicycles get just a to hei laui els by diving hrst ^ . j soecial 4-i. 4.v. u 4. 4-1, 4: 4.u 4. V. 4-1,., ZiA-r, ,l,o4.„4. off the low dive and then the high game, it ib aibo a special the ball can foiget his unfathmid wei e forced to di ae SemTe^^ dive-the latter feet first. ' y^V fot Bivpter basketball be- omable style. His ball handling.
Accompanying all of the ballet Cause it marks the .twenty- fakilig, and unorthodox style of
’* In one of the truly feature races numbers was the Men’s Glee Club, fifth year at the helm for Pig- ®^^ootmg have no equals in the Big o'f the evening 16-year-old Patty adding miffh to the beauty of the gy I^ambert, the great Boiler- quite an-
Aspinall, holder of the National ^I’easteti oke Championship, raced Hiveter Freshman Backstroker Bob 6arnaid in the 100 yard hieaststioke, Barnard was the winnei but Patty, a distance swimmer gave him a good race all the way. Betty Bemis, holder of the National 440 Championship and Jun101 Backstroke Championship, put
events.
IM Schedules
BASKETBALJL Tomorrow (Monday) Couit l"Buffinp:ton 7 00 Ward 10 vs Ward 21 7 17 Ward 26 vs Ward 22 8 00 Wald -i vs Ward 35 Court 2—Mordoh 7 00 Waid 26 vs Ward 30 7 15 Waid 23 vs Ward 27 8 00 Ward 2 vs VV^ard 11 8 15 W'aid 27 vs Ward 0 Court 3—Gates 7 00—Caiy Hall 3 vs Cary Hall 10 7 15 Cary Hall 1 vs Caiv Hall 8 8 00 Caiy Hall 14 vs Caiy Hall 7 8 15 C iry Hall 15 vs Caiy Hall 6 Couit 4 Zchima 7 00 Caiy Hall 13 vs Cary Hall 11 7 15 Cary Hall 2 vs Cary Hall 0 8 00 Cary Hall 5 vs Caiy Hall 12 8 15 Waid 24 vs Waid 6
maker hardwood mentor, game is spojjsorpd ,)by
The the
other style of play that is just as deadly on the attack. He has a lot of drive and fight all the time that
Reamer Club. he i? m the ^‘arbe, and his pereent-
This intra-squad game is of unusual interest to the student body because it givqs, them a hnc on the chances of the team m conference competition. Another feature of inteiest is the “giudge
IS amazing.
Varsity Guards Impressive 'Bob Reilly is also around to make those spectacular pivot shots that the fans like so well, as is Red Caress who moves around the court
f S
Phi
EDGERTON HDWE.JNC. ' HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FItOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT ne 4354 . We Deliver
game belvreen the Reamers and the with the great speed that features Gimlets that is staged between the the Lambeit style of attack. There halves of the vai sity.-freshman aie other capable performers regame. The brand of basketball turning from last year’s team that played by these two quintets is will be anxious to show their wares, baldly the kind to gladden the healt These include centers Neutzel and of a college coach, but it does pio- Krampe; forwards Fields, Conrad, vide the fans with a chance to see Hoffman, and Kieffer; and guards a game that is weird to say the Tierney, Polk, and Adams, least. The Zouaves will also pei- In addition to these men there foi'*'*!- aie some welcomed additions from Rhinies aiound the campus are last year’s Rhinie squad that will ceitam that their aggregation is give the team the height they have I capable of giving the varsity a lucle lacked in the last few years.
On - U»niversity- of 'Greghn’s gridii on at Eugene, Orego.n, yesterday the Orelgon State football team made their last bid, and that one successful, toward the Rose Bowl at Pasadena on New Year’s Day fey trouncing the hdst team from Oregon University 12 to 7. Before yesterday’s game, Oregon State and Stanford weie tied for first place in the Pacific Coast Conference. Oregon’s win over Oregon State, and the fact that' Stanford fell to defeat at the hands of California 9 ,to^ 0 yesterday gives Oiegon State top note'h chances to snare the bid to be the Western representative in the Rose Bowl on New Years day. Even before the games yesterday, Oregon State had the edge over Stanford toward the Rose Bowl Classic due to the fact that Oiegon defeated Stanford earlier in the
season.
Fordham 30; N. Y. U. 9 In. onejof the 4higblights of football in the East yesterday, in Yankee Stadium, the Fordham Rams lammed New York University all over the turf and came out victor by a substantfal margin 30 to 9. This powerhouse display of excellent football over New York University, and the fine record of seven victories to one loss for Fordham, puts a spotlight on the Rams, and it seems to be coming from the
West.
Tennessee 26; Vandy 7 ProbUbly the gdme that gave the
• Fehring Pfedicls An Interesting Game Said Coach Dutch Eehring when distfussing'-Tuesiday's game, “The freshmen Yearns have alwa^^s given the varsity a tough game, and tJiis year is' certainly no exception. It’s a hard working team this season, aiad I’m sure they’ll give the Boilermakers pjenty of cowipetiffewi.” The five who probably start against the varsity will average almost six feet, three inches. This starting quintet will probably consist of Hoehammer and Martens at forward, Mason aUcenter, anA^leiPs and Labge at guard. Bill Kerchevil, Boh Myel-,s, Don MeVey, Bob Biddle, and ©on Seiver, iasUyear*s 6imbel Prize winner, will also see plenty of action. • Here They Are—‘Look Them Over
name'
HT. ^
WT.
AGE
HOME TOWN
Bob Biddle
5’IQ’’
X74
17
Brookston ,
Maurige Boots
6’ f”
1)55
18
Clark's Hill
Ken Burnett
6’ 0”
160
19
Lafayette
Fred Coon
6’ 0”
160
18
Greenfield
Ed Ehlers
6’ 3’’
180
18
South Bend
Carl Hoehammer
6’ 2”
190
18
Bryant
Ed Jones
5’11’’
160
21
Lor ain,’Ohio r*
Jack Kennedy
6’ 2”
ig^o
20
Jasper
Art Lange
6’ 3”
170 -
18
Lafayette
Bill Kerchevil
5’10”
150
18
New Albany
Harvey Martens
6’ 2”
174
19
South Bend
Bob Mason
6’ 3”
173
18
Cincinnati, Ohiq
Bob Morris
6’ 0”
155
19
Lebanon
Ken Moore
5’10”
160
18
Catnby
Rico Montenero
5’11”
162
18
Elkhart
Frank Mayer
6’ 1”
180
17
Jeffersonville
Don MeVey
6’ 41/2”
170
19
Lafayette
Bob Meyers
6’ 0”
175
18
Jeffersonville
Roy Pearson
5’10”
155
18
Ben Davis
Bob Richey
6’ 0”
160
18
Michigantown
Don Server
5’ 7”
145
18
Madison
Rudy Witsman
6’ 0”
150
18
Frankfort
-
JlfaJte each Mu Couni
Make Each Mid-day Count ' I 1 t } s i / f , * f AT THE GRILLE LOUNGlp food plus reJiixation, service, and pleasanic atmospljere. You’ll find all this in the Grille Lounge. Our dieticians put imagination and a lot^of thought into our menus—and they come t 1 out perfect. We’re sure that you’ll agree, after you try one of oar meals. i t i JhSL >. j ( - ^ fiiimjJUL WmwimL lAmofL ' The Corner of ihe Campus — ' Yel the Center of Activities
Look to the Days Ahead Your Personal Appearance Today may be a deciding factor in the days to come. Get the habit of Ipo^pg your best, have ' 1 u'U i 'd ■ \ 5 clothes Crown Cleaned Regularly.
u&
dope bucket the hardest thump op Before a crowd of 30,000 speefathe bottom yesterday, was when the tors, the Volunteers took to the air “Vols” from Tennessee lan over and, after a fashion, skimmed over Vanderbilt 26 to 7 at Knoxville, Vanderbilt for four touchdm^s.
SCOBEE’S .. \ —Gift iPoi^rait Work-«-PRE-CHRISTMAS SPECIAL on 8x10 PHOTOGRAPHS Phone 2343 I \; 105 Avtv —" ' I III I i
TOc'
1 Cl.
PAUL!! PLACE
4^
BEEF STEAK
BEEF BARB.Q
! HOME MADE CHILI P^RK TEHOeRLOtN
FURNAS ICE CREAM 216 W.,C^oluml:i>a
Phone 2654
We'
i i i/i
A gift from DEAC'I^ with the Purdue crest add much cheer to the festivity of the holidays. Many beautifuLvan-, ities, bracelets, necklaces and other crested jewelry to select from. Your last hance to get Russell-Wright spun aluminum. Beautiful designs, light as a feathhr, wears ^forever and you do not have to polish it. i u u Whitman's famous Christmas Box Candies. H. G. REISNER BOOK STORE
■w"
JAc. JimsL BEFORE THE RUSH SEASON BEGINS
Come in and have us lailor your Christmas suit. Choose now and we’lt deliver to your liking. SPARRENDAHL TAILOR FOWLER HOTEL PHONE 6030 ’ L ^ ’ r 'A- *5'^ 'x > '■"■■I" nniniiiiiiii muBarwmniiiniintwn
r repam for those
-.J^diidau
Qo Wiik Du Y’ // i ” \^en t lema n ^ysfip
West Sii^ Cleafli^ Lowest Prices Quality Will '
Pki^4^1
Norlhweslern at VineA ■! * ^ , , 1. 'v^ ^ i 4 I J, ( Ji j J * > * ^ ^ I, I' ’* I J « t s -J r t* “» Purdue Exponent
SunSdy, November 30^ 1941
\ ^ n * if i ; 4-1
HilJ/ul ^vuAdmdL,
I Baptist Students West Lafaj ette Baptist Church Corner Columbia & Chauncey Sts Joseph B Gleason, Student Pastor 9'80 a m—Roger Williams Club Class Horn "Pop” Gleason, teachei. ^10 36 a m —Church Worship Servrce Sermon, “Seventy Years of Seivice and the Future of the Church ” 11 45 a m —Roger Williams Club Picture 5 30 p m—Rogei Williams Club Ijifteen-cent Lunch 6 00 p m—Roger Williams Club Social Houi 6 30 p m —Rogei Williams Club Discussion Hour Dean V C Fiee man wil) speak on “The Chuich Faces the Student ”
Delegation of Students Dr. BrunauerToTalk Attends 4-H Congress On Foreign Situation At Chicago Exposition At Meeting of AAUW
Wesley Foundation First Methodist Chuich Cornel Chauncey & South Streets 9 30 a m —Four Students Classes —Taught by Mis R G Thomas, Pi of D H Patterson, D C 0 Lee and Miss Anne Pierce 10 40 a m—Morning Worship— Sermon by Dr 0 S Steel, “The Eternal Christ ” 5 45 p m—Wesley Vespers — The guest speakei this Sunday is the Reverend Thomas J Luke of Indianapolis who will speak on the theme “Beyond the Sky-Line ” Purdue students are eoidially invited to attend any or all of these services
Purdue Christian Foundation At Lafayette Christian Chuich Sixth & Noith St 9 15 9 25 a m —Catch ride from 131 S Grant 9 30 a m—Student Class — “Basic Essentials of Christian Faith” IS the subject Hubei t Reynolds will teach on 10 40 a m—Chuich Woiship Ser vice Guest preachei Rev John H Booth of Indianapolis 5 00 5 15 p m Catch iide fiom 131 S Giant 5 15—10c Suppei at the Chuich bldg (Note change m time and
place )
6 00 p m—Forum Progiam m dudes recreation, discussion, s ng ing and vespeis Topic for Discus Sion “What is Freedom’”—led by Hubert Reynolds Vespers leader Nancy Lee Dawson
University Presbyterian Church North Street at Giant Stieet John W Findley, pastor and di lector of the Westminstei Founda tion, Joanne Lloyd, oigamst, Jim Chase, choir diiectoi 9 30 a m\—The discussion group will continue its study of the New Testament which will include “Ac ta,” “Philemon,” and the publica tion of “Paul’s Letters” this Sunday Di G H Graves will lead the dis-
cussion
10 30 a m —Di Alexander Sharp of Indianapolis will bung the mom mg message His sermon subject is, “The Time is Now ” 5 15 p m —Ed Couch is in chaige of the evening vespei seivice, and Anna Mertz will sing “Finlandia ” 5 45 p m —The Sunday Evening Club will meet foi suppei in the Recreation Room The progiam following will be in chaige of the piesident, Hariy Iddings It will consist of a discussion of the thiee leetuies on Latin Ameiica given on the campus last week The discus Sion will be led by Jaige Roach of Aigentina, Aimanda Schemel and Robeito Heimandez of Columbia, and Hans Jaffe of Venezuela
A delegation of foui boys and foul girls will lepiesent the Univeisity at the National 4 H Club Congress in Chicago beginning today and lasting until Dec 5, in connection with the International live-
stock Exposition
The club delegation of Indiana will be chapel oned by state club leaders Prof May Masten, Pi of W R Amick and Edna Troth of the agiicultuial extension staff Pi of H F Ainswoith, state 4 H club leadei, will be in charge of the livestock judging contests in connec tion with the club congress and stock show again this yeai Students Form Delegation The delegation fiom the University consists of the following students and the activities in which they won the awards Robert Fields, 1 Ag , Club Camp, William L Johnson, 1 Ag, Dtiiock Jersey Pig Club, Joseph Judge, 1 Ag, Spotted Po land China Pig Club, Phyllis Linville 1 H , Home Ec Achievement, Marilee Peteison, 1 H , Agiicultural Achievement—Poland China, Joanne Queai, 1 H, Food Pieparation Achievement, Laura Ray, 1 H, Room Impiovement Judging, Richaid P Tayloi, 1 Ag , Angus
Calf Club d 1 g
Staff Members Attend Sixty-Second Meeting Of Indiana Engineers Several membeis of the Univeisity staff attended the sixty second annual meeting of all engineeis of Indiana which was held in Indianapolis yesterday and Friday under the auspices of the Indiana Engin eeiing Council and the Indiana So ciety of Piofessional Engineers Dean A A Pottei of the schools of engineering and Pi of W A Knapp, assistant dean, appeared on the conference program Dean,Potter spoke at the conference luncheon yesterday on “Defense Tram mg m Engineering Science and president of the Indiana EngineerManagement, ’ while Dean Knapp, ing Council, presided at the All En grneeis dinner hpld Friday night Others participating in the pro gram were M W Cameron, CE 14, L E Martin of Lafayette, CE ’22 president of the Indiana Section of the ASCE, and L J Dunnewold, CE ’27 chairman of the Central In diana Section of the AIEE a p h
Everything for a i College Education DEAC’S
r»-M-f»4444-f4 4-»4 44 4 4444-f-
Dine Tonight NU CHINA GRILL CHOW MEIN — CHOP SUEY 409 Columbia St.
KI^EP YOUR HOME HEAT AMD ATTRACTIVE WITH ACE PAINTS FIXTURES <- HARDWARE
Hdwe. Main St
John Sperb ^ E22.E4 Main
Di Esther Caukin Brunauer of Washington, D C, will speak before a special meeting of the American Association of University Women on next Wednesday At 4 30 p m she will talk to men and women students of the University in the Women’s lounge of the Union At 6 30 p m dinner will be served to the membeis of the club, and at 7 46 Di Brunauer will talk to A A UW membeis International Situation Is Subject Dr Biunauer’s topic will be on some phase of the international situation She spent 1933 in Germany as a fellow of the Carl Schurz Foundation, and while there was gianted an interview with Hitler At the present time she is active in refugee work for the International Federation of University Women Di Biunauer graduated from Mills College in 1924 and received her Ph D from Stanford University She is now president of the Mills College Alumni Association Representatives of clubs from as far away as Indianapolis are ex pected to attend the meeting Personnel Notes Companies scheduled to visit campus— Commonwealth Edison, Chicago, Illinois December 1 and 2 1941 Chain Belt Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin, December 2 and 3 J D Adams Mfg Co , Indianap oils, Indiana December 4 Carnegie Illinois Steel Corp, Chicago, Illinois, December 4 Container Corporation of Amen ca Chicago 111 December 4 J C Penny Co , Lafayette, Indi ana December 4 National Tube Company, Dorain, Ohio December 5 Socony Vacuum Oil Company, New York, N Y December 9 Union Electric Co of Missouri, St Louis, Mo December 9 and 10 Carbide & Carbon Chemicals Texas City, Texas December 9 and
10
Assoc Factory Mutual Fire In suiance Co , Chicago, 111 December 9 and 10 Joseph Seagrams (L Sons, Louis ville, Kentucky December 10 and
11
Pratt & Whitney Aircraft E Hartford Conn December 10, 11 12 and 13 Ken Rad Tube & Lamp Owens boro, Kentucky December 12 (Not on Seniors Company Lists) Atchison Topeka, & Santa Fe Railway Chicago 111 December 6
Prof. Edith Osswald WillSpeakToYWCA YWCA will meet Tuesday, Dec 2 at 4 p m in Room 366 of the Union In the Dusiness meeting committee reports will be made and plans for Coed Capers will be dis-
cussed
The speaker will be Prof Edith Osswald of the Nursery School Miss Osswald/'has tiaveled in Germany and will tell about the German observance of Christmas The meeting is open to all YWCA membeis sb
Rosier Willtam Club ArniUal picture of the entire club and of the cabinet iVtll be taken Sunday, Nov 30 in front of the West Lafayette Baptist Church immediately
. . alumnus of the University pfter the moming church service Plan to jj .i be there , —ARTMAN
died in Crawfordsville yesterday ^—i— \ Bxponent juniors Meeting Wednesday,
Dec 3 at 4 15 p m in the Exponent . ^ office —TBAUGOTT Episcopal Students Corporate Communion at St John s Church Sunday, Nov 30 at 8 a m Breakfasjt in Parish House attei wards —THORNTON
Wm, Goltra
after a long illness
day Dec 2 at 7 30 p m in rooip 3 of the Mechanical Engineering building The sub ject for discussion will be Bropellors Pro duction and Maintenance There will be a
movie and slides also
—TOPINKA
Alpha Phi Omega Meeting of pledges at '■ 30 p m for final examination meeting of actives at 8 00 p m Monday evening in room 307 of the Union
—SIGLER
Scriveners No meeting Sunday night -
—RIEGLE
ASME Dehris picture will be taken Thursday Dec 4 at 7 80 p m in the Union ballroom instead of Thursday Nov 27
—UTLEt
C. A. Ellis
professor of structural en-
gineering at the University was awaided a life membership certifictae in the Ameiican Society of Civil Engineeis at the sixty-second annual convention of Indiana En-
gineers in Indianapolis yesterday
Notices
Triton Club Regular meeting Tuesday Dec 2 at '■ SO p m in the Women s gym —KRAEPELIEN Kappa Psi V4ry important meeting of ill actne members Wednesday Dec 3 at 7 SO p m in room 305 of the Union Pen alty foi non attendance
—SCOTT
ASME The first of a senes of weekly discussion meetings will be held (n Tiies
GE S5 Removal of Condition Examination Dec 6 Make arrangements for tak ing the examination in room 202 before Friday Dec 5 —OWEN Pistol Team Tryouts The following listed students arc asked to repoit to the Armory Dec 1 at 4 00 p m for pistol team try outs Bower Bredlow Brooks Burroff Car ter David Fischer Glaspie Holman Lar son Lindsay Morehouse Madden Nicholas Taylor VanCamp —BROWN AIME Mcmliers Meeting Tuesday Dec 2 at 30 p m in room 355 of the Union —STARKEY Novice Pistol Students desiring to fire m the sixth ind last novice pistol group starting Dec 9 should sign up in Supply Room now —BROWN Wesley Foundation Party originally scheduled for Friday Nov 28 is postponed to Fiiday Dec 6 —ROACH per The usual Sunday evening supper will be at the church at 5 15 It will be foi lowed by the regular schedule Hubeit Reynolds is to be the speaker —STEIGERWAI D Delta Rho Kappa Important meeting at r p m Tuesday Dec 2 in room 306 of Union All pledges must attend —BIERLFIN Radio Club Meeting Tuesday Deo 2 at 7 10 p m in room of the EE building
—MILES
Junior and Senior Independent All jun loF and senioi independents living outside of Cary Hail that wish to run on the Pro gressive Prom and Gain Week ticket should turn in petitions stating qualifications to the PIA office befoie Monday Dec 1 —SLEEPER POMM Meeting Monday Dec 1 at 4 p m in room 105 of the Armory —BUSHNELL All Male Students Aviation Cadet Examining Board No 1 will be m room f06 of Chem Eng Bldg Dec 1 5 incl 8 30 4 Application to appear before the board should be obtained now fiom the Adjutants office Armory —GRAHAM Wesley Foundation, Christian Foundation, Westminster Foundation and Roger Wil hams Club men Basketball practice in Fieldhouse Court 1 at 1 20 P m Saturday Nov 20 Neal Hawkins Thomas and Black meet theie at 1 ■—BLACK Sophomore Union Workers Meeting of all Union Sophomores Tuesday Dec 2 at 4 16 p m in the office No tickets to sell
WORL
Phi Lambda Upsilon All pledges must attend meeting in Chem lOf at 4 p m Monday Dec 1 —BORNS Christian Science Organization Regular meeting at 7 SO p m Tiesday Dec 2 in room 303 of the Union —LOCKWOOD Senior Mechanicals Booths for the col lection of fees tor picture of graduating class similar to those now in the halls of the building will be set up in the Mechanical lab from Monday Dec 8 through Wednes
day. Dee 10 Pe6 will be 76 dents «l?d will cover ail costs of the Qieture All seniors graduating in January Jghe or August are to be msloded _G^pQORY ^ Silver Mask Members and Pledges * Meeting Tuesday Dec 2, at 7 30 p m In room 802 of the Union There Will be_n pledge meeting at 8 p m —TOWER Exponent Freshmen t Tra{n,{ng school will stait Tuesday Dec 2 Watch this column for further details —RUIFNER Military Balt Committee Seniors arc responsible that sub committee reports are submitted by Friday Dec 4 —DIBOS Society of Automotive Engineers On Wednesday Dec 8 the society will show three films from General Motors ‘ Wings foi Defense Frontiers of the Future ’ and Diesel the Modern Power This meeting will be held at 7 30 p m in room
207 of the ME Building
—KEIL
Student Senate SiJbcial meeting Wednesday Dec 3 at 7 SO p m m the Senate office All members please be present —DIBOS PIA Executive Board There will be a very important meeting Monday Full attendance IS required —ELDI R Reamer Club All members who have not received tickets for Frosh Varsity basketball game please geb them from me in the Exponent office Saturday afternoon There will be a regular meeting Monday Dec 1 at 7 80 p m —RUPPNER
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Adding Machines, all makes sold rented repaired and purchased Mimeograph woik done C J Ebershoff, 605 Main, Lafayette Phone 2779
XMAS CARDS See Our Large Selection Now on Display Xmas Cards for Everyone Order Imprinted Personal Xmas Cards Now HNIVEIiSITY iOK STORE Across from the Union Building M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29 R. W. “Doc” Epple, ’40
Heirlooms of the Future A new service — • Miniatures, hand colored in oil, in glass. • Pictures taken form snapshots or photographs. • Complete with frame to suit your taste— As Low as $8.95 A 10-Day Service at THE FOSTER SHOP 109 N. 4th St. Branch Service 411 State—West Lafayette
DOiR’T ... TO LET THE FOLKS AT HOME KNOW WHAT YOU ARE DOING. HOW? . Not by writing, for no-one does that, anyway
Send a Subscription of the PURDUE EXPONENT Today Call 4005 EXPONENT OFFICE FOR FULL PARTICULARS
* I
Wl
I i