Robert Wicks, Princeton Chapel Dean, To Speak At First Religious Convo Robert Russel Wicks, dean of the Princeton university chapel, will address students and townspeople tonight in the first religious convocation service of the semester at 7:30 o’clock in the Hall of Musip. Dean Wicks, annually a lecturer at colleges and universities throughout the nation, and 9,ppearing at the University W the fourth tinie, will use as his theme “A Bewild-" ered Generation.”
The evening service has been arranged to accommodate Lafayette and West Side residents who wish to attend. Dean Wicks will come to the campus for the evening pro-, gram after speaking this morning at the Chicago university chapel. The organ has been moved from Fowler Hall to the Hall of Music, and will be played in a brief period of meditation at the beginning of the convocation. Choir Enters At the end of the organ preludes, the University Concert Choir of 250 voices will enter, singing a processional hymn. Later in the service the choir will sing two anthems: “Prayer” by Kountz, an4 “Send Forth Thy Spirit” by Schuetky. Annually a number of colleges and universities request Dr. Wicks to appear on their lecture and convocation programs, during which he discusses vatious problems with students. Various Schools Among the institutions at which he has appeared recently are Vassar, the University of Virginia, tke University of South Carolina, Vanderbilt university, and Ohio Wesleyan university. He has also visited many boys’ schools in New England and a large number of colleges in eastern and middle-western states. He has used the experiences growing out of these visits as a basis for a book which he has recently published, “One Generation and Another.” j.l.t. Artist Rockwell Kent Will Speak At Convo Tuesday Evelting At 8 Rockwell Kent, widely known American artist, author and adventurer, will speak at the University’s first scheduled convocation Tuesday evening in the Hall of Music. The convo will open at 8 o’clock. Forty of Kent’s wood-cuts, lithogiaphs, and pen and pencil drawings are^now pn exhibit in the Music Room of the Union. They were loaned by the Weyhe Galleries of New York. Following the convocation a reception for Kent will be held in the great hall of the Union, j.a.p. Five Members ... of the dairy production judging team will travel to Harrisburg, Pa. to take part in the National Dairy Show next Saturday. The members of the team who will make the trip are: Prof. J. H. Hilton, coach of the team; P. R. De Long, Lafayette; W. C. Gall, Lafayette; R. G, Ralston, Montmorenci; R. K. Waugh, Columbia City; J. O, Yoder, Goshen, e.g.k.
What-
"THE YELLOW
DOG
When— Monday Morn Why— For Fun I Where— dn Campus How Much— Five Cents
Robert R. Wicks
Southern Cal 13 Iowa 30 Michigan 26 Northwestern 6 Nebraska 13 NofreDme26 ' Illinois 6 Wisconsin 12 Harvard 0 Ohio State 3 Indiana? Georgia Tech 20 / Purdue Exponent
Volume 52/ No. 30
West Lafayette/ locfiana
Sunday# October 13# 1940
Spartans, 20; Riveters, 7
Thomas, Research Engineer, To Speak Here Tomorrow Dr. Phillips Thomas, research engineer of the Westmghouse Electrical and Manufacturing company, will demonstrate how industrial research is building peacetime defense lines and a safer nation before University students tomorrow evening at 7:30 o’clock in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building. Will Use Models Dr. Thomas will use working models of recent engineering developments to support his assertion that “practically every important peacetime engineering achievement of the past 10 years will have an important, if indirect, bearing on our national defense, enabling this country to build stronger and better designed defense weapons.” In his lecture Dr. Thomas will demonstrate a projection device wl^ich shows death rays, released from an ultraviolet source, exploding a swarming colony of tiny organisms in a drop oS> water. With a model “atom smasher,” he will explain how the 60-foot Westinghouse electrostatic generator at East Pittsbi^rgh, Pa., makes radioactive materials and bombards the hearts of atoms. Interesting Subjects Also included in the Westing(Continued on p^ge 4) 300 Vets To Convene On Campus This Week Three hundred veterinarians from all over Indiana will assemble on campus Wednesday for the University’s three-daylj veterinary short course. The course starts on Wednesday. and win continue through Friday. The course will consist of two days of lectures by men prominent in the veterinary field and one day of clinic, according to Dr. A. L. Delez of the veterinary department. Men from the veterinary department will act as discussion leaders, but, with the exception of Dr. C. R. Donham, head of the University veterinary department, none of the men will do any lecturing. e.g.k. Soph Football Tickets Exchanged Tomorrow Sophomore tickets for the Wisconsin (Homecoming) gaipe on Saturday, October 26, will be exchanged at the ticket office in the Fieldhouse on Monday and Tuesday. Freshmen tickets will be exchanged on Wednesday and Thursday. Students who desire seats outside the student section may do so upon payment of the Federal tax. e.g.k.
University Peace Organization Announces Non-Violent Demonstration Against Draft Announcements of the intention of the Purdue Peace Fellowship, University student peace organization, to sthge a “nonviolent demonstration” against the Selective Service and Training Act of 1940 on Wednesday (conscription registration day) will be made this morning in Lafayette and West Lafayette
churches.
Conscription Day
At the organization’s first meeting of the school year Tuesday afternoon, it was stated that the demonstration was to be “in regard to”
conscriptipn day.
In the wprds of R. 0. Belcher, executive secretary of the Religious Council and advisor of the peace group, the organization met that day “to consider what is to be done in regard to conscription day, in so much as the coming of conscription means the loss of the freedom of individuals, the destruction of civil liberties, and the surrender of dem-
ocratic tradition.” Day of Mourning
Belcher went on to say that the organization considered it fitting, in view of these factors, to observe the day as one of mourning. The organization, therefore, will wear and distribute black armbands throughout the day. On Wednesday, also, the group will initiate a movement for the repeal of the conscription bill as “unnecessary and undemocratic.” Petitions for this purpose will be made available,
Belcher said.
The organization plans to hold a public meeting at 7:30 o’clock Wednesday evening in room 101 of the Michael Golden Shops. The movement is under the chairmanship of Welbourne Tooker. j.a.p.
Military Ball Contest Plans Due Tuesday Entries in the Military Ball back-
drop contest are due Tuesday afterno6n at 5 o’clock at the West Desk of the Union. The contest is open to any University student and the prize for the best two designs submitted will be complimentary tick-
ets to the ball.
According to Lee Norquest, chairman of the committee in charge of decorations, these are the rules gov-
erning the contest. '
Plans and drawings^ should be submitted at the West Deck of the Union in a sealed envelope addressed to Lee Norquest. The time of submittance of the plans are to be marked on the envelope. In case of duplication only the first plans submitted will be considered. Originality and utility are prime factors. Plans must be definite, but precise drawings are not necessary. The Military Ball committee will
act as sole judges. j.f.a.
G/ee c/ub Will Sing Thanksgiving Show's For Chicago Alumni chorusos Announced;
Edward C. Elliott, president of the University, and the University Glee Club will appear before the Purdue Alumni Club of Chicago when it holds its “Roupd-Up” next Friday night in the Sherman Hotel. The Glee Club has scheduled performances throughout the day. At noon they will appear before the Business Men’s Executive Club, and in the evening, they will sing before the ,“Round-Up.” Later at night the singers will appear with Duke Ellington in the Panther Room of the College Inn. e.g.k. Beveridge Contest To Begin Tuesday Preliminary round pf the Beveridge Speech Contest will be held Tuesday afternoon at 4 o’clock in room 310 of University Hall. This is the thirteenth year of the contest, and it is sponsored by the Forensic Board and open to all freshmen. ‘ Finals of the contest will be held in the Home Economics Auditorium on Thursday. The Hays cup, preserited by the Hays Jewelry of Lafayette, will be awarded to the winner of the contest. In addition to the cup, points are awarded to the winners of the first seven places. The organization winning the greatest number of points will have possession of the Ankeny Cup for one ye'ar. If the same organization wins the cup three times, it receives permanent possession of the trophy. j.f.a.
Michigan State's Power Rolls Over Boilermakers By JOE DOLAN (Exponent Sports Editor) EAST LANSING, Mich., Oct. 12 —- (Special to the Purdue Exponent) — Turn about is fair play, and Purdue’s football team proved themselves to be faithful adherents of that timehonored recreational phase by bowing 20-7 to a great Michigan State football team yesterday on Macklin Field, thus enabling coach Charles Bachman and his eleven to erase the 20-7 defeat handed them last season in Lafayette. Tied At Half The half score of 7-7 was a deceiving harbinger of the devasting W w* AkffV/f Jw Spartan offense that was to sweep all opposition before it like a methodical plague of locusts during the last two quarters. During the last half, Purdue’s offense seemed like a ship without a rudder, regardless of being in front or facing the powerful south wind that either blew punts in the kickers faces or sent the boots whirling from 60 to 70 yards distant. Both sides had plenty of individual stars to brag about after yesterday’s tilt, but one of the few rays of sunshine in an otherwise rainy afternoon for the Boilermakers was the fine playing of a number of the so-called inexperienced Riveters. Bill Combs, junior end, and Willie Neff, senior tackle, playPictures of yesterday’s PordueMichigan State game wifi, be shown * at 7:30 tomorrow evening in the Union south ballroom by the Tippecanoe Alumni Association. Students and faculty are invited to see the pictures.
Lead Tryouts Not Set Although tryouts for the leading roles in the Student Union’s Thanksgiving show, “Everything But Onions,” are not completed as yet, the “pony chorus” for the show was chosen Friday evening. Bob Hoffer, active director of the production, said yesterday. Still More Tryouts Hoffer said that tryouts for the leads Vill be held in the near future, but he did not set the exact time nor place for them. Successful applicants for positions in the men’s chorus were: T. Keefer, R. DeLong, R. Rupkey, R. N. Michel, R. Eastman, C. C. McCombs, J. Barlow, F. Stenberg, H. Pogue, P. H. Dunham, J. E. Seymour and H. Bollwinkle. Co-ed Chorines Members of the co-ed chorus are: Marguerite Hans, Florence Croll, Lois Simpson, LaVerne Muir, Ellen Bassett, Anne Anderson, Joan Collins, Jayne Williams, Matie Freeland, Pauline Landis, Dorothy Goans, Barbara Leipton, Thelma Goodman, Suzanne Queisser, Mary Lu Landers, Dorothy Anne Canfield, LaVerne Bans, Corinne Rdifers and Mary Carol Antenen. Members of both the choruses are asked to report to the Tower Room of the Union at 4 o’clock tomorrow afternoon. e.g.k.
EXPONENT BOARD Meeting Monday afternoon, October 14, ai 4 p. m. in the conference room of the Agricultural Experiment building, <
John Petty really had his work cut out for him in yesterday’s tilt with Michigan State. The plunging fullback carried the ball on the majority of the Boilermaker plays and averaged five yards per try in the first half. Another Star
Bill Combs, Riveter right end, was all over the field, pulling down Spartan runners yesterday and-provided the Boilermaker followers with one of the few rays of sunshine that emerged from the tilt.
Tea Dance
\ . ."*^11 be held in the north ballroom of the Union Tuea4ay afternoon from 4 to 6:30 0*(do<^ This is the regular bi-monthly dance spon-' sored by the Student Union. It is/ open to all University students with
passports. j.f.a.
ed outstanding defensive games for the invaders. Dave Rankin wandered around the field in his usual All-American fashion although his jersey took on a nrimson hue in the first period when his nose got bounced aroimd a little. Embarrassing End The main thorn in the Boilermaker’s side yesterday, proved to be tall rangy end by the name of Lewis Smiley. Lew was all over the field and seemed to be having a great time embarrassing the Gold and Black ball carriers. M^e Schelb carried the main burden of the Spartan’s offense endeavors and evened things up by causing some more of the above-mentioned embarrassed looks on the Boilermaker linemen. The Riveters set up thp first scoring opportunity when they advanced deep into the home lads’ territory near the end of the first quarter. With first and ten on the Spartan’s 16 yard line, the Boilermakers got nowhere fast and lost the ball on downs ^omeWhere in the vicinity of the defenders’ 8 yard marker. Boilermaker Fuipble Schelb then led an attack that ended up with Mike punting out of boimds on the .Purdue 9 yard. line. On the second play, Byelene fumbled, and the ball was recovered by (Continued on page 3)
*
Pr.J.LBray ^ . . . head of the School of Chemical aqd Metallurgical Engineering, wiU address the Indianapolis chapter of the American Society for Metal when it convenes on the campus next Saturday afternoon to inspect the Universii^s chemical and metallurgical buildings. After completiug the inspection of the buildings, the men will hold a dinner in the Union. At the dinnec» the motion pietme “Steel fiw the Ages” will he shown, e-gjfc.
-I’''i
.
■V
.'0. ' ' 'I
PURDUE EXPONENT
Suiidcty> October 13f 1940
5^ Calmmi
Now that Adolph has moved in on Rumania, the Turks are getting sort of jittery. Not that we blame them. Now all they’ve got between them and Hell on high wheels is a border line that doesn’t show up anywhere except on maps. Any way they have warned the little man vsdth the mustache that there are two million bayonets waiting for him beyond that border. With soldiers fixed on the other end.
The trouble with those guys in fezzes is that they haven’t been reading the newspapers regularly. Sorta behind the times. Not that bayonets are out of style. They’re just sorta ineffective. Against tanks and bombers.
From the headlines we learned that:
NAZI RAIDERS HIT LONDON FOUR TIMES
Which makes us recall that business about dropping bombs in the ocean. And convinces us that their bomb sights must be off. After all, they’ve bedn at it for months now. From the newsreel though, we would say that for four shots. Those bombs are darn effective.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in I>afayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail'subscription $3.60. Editor-in-Chief. R. W. Danone Business Manager. Merle Hageiheyer
Publication Staff News Editor .' J. H. McKee Managing Editor JD. K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, E. W. Buffner, R. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott.
Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Jdianager, Q. E. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, B. M. BectenwMd. Co-ed Staff Editor Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Buth Bosei Donna Siess. Sports Staffs Editor. — J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. E. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, B. O. Swaim.
Phones: Ediorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, U20 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Staff For This Issue
Night Editor: Purcell Issue Editor: Kieper
Day Editor: Miller Night Sports Editor: Adamson
Staff: C. A. Stoeckel, J. F. Amos, B. D. Spofford, R. W. Jackson and Mary Boyton.
Or else someone is sneaking around pulling the props out from under the buildings when^ everybody is hiding in the air raid shelters.
The “I Want To j^e A Captain Club” has hit Indianapolis according to the News. The applicants all maintain that they are qualified. Because they haven’t had any experience either.— dkh
Joein ’ ^Round
By Peggy Howard
Start off the day with a toast to go with your coffee— Here’s to the land I love— And vice versa. Or is it too early in the morning for that sort of thing ? We found out more about the SAE dance last night. It was a “Come As You’re Caught” party and from all reports some startling effects were produced. Wonder what the chaperones wore? In our listing of last night’s pledge dances, we unintentionally omitted the Theta Xi dance. Decorations there featured pledge pins and a large cut-out of a pledge and his gal. Paul Barker and his orchestra from Indianapolis furnished the downbeat for this dance. We deserted the Sweet Shbp the other afternoon to watch the chorus for the Thanksgiving show, ^‘Eversrthing but Onions.”^ Can’t decide whether that’s the title or a warning to would-be missle throwers. We’ll know on opening night! We’re all for having a Conscription Day holiday since we don’t get one at Thanksgiving. . . . Wonder if the eds have to show their passports to be registered for conscription, too ? What really makes the whole thing funny is that they call it a Selective Draft Act. One thing’s
certain, if you’re not selected you’re dead! More To Come Next week-end will have its share of fraternity dances, too. Friday night will find dances in progress at three of the houses. Bam dances will be held at the Triangle and the Sigma Pi houses. Maury Mahns will furnish the music at the latter dance, while a novelty band will play at the Triangle “informal.” The Theta Chi’s will entertain members and their dates at a radip dance at the chapter house that same night. On Saturday night nine other houses will entertain at dances. At the Acacia house Irv Given will furnish music for the pledges, actives and their guests. Paul Barker and his band will swing out over on Russell Street at the A'yO dance. At the Kappa Sig house Bill Martin will furnish the danceable rhythms, while the Phi Kappa’s are having Maury Mahns and his new band for their dance. Novelty The Alpha Chi Rho’s are having a novel combination steak-fry and radio dance. The steak-fry will be held early in the evening at the R. B. Stewart home, vfith the group coming back to the chapter house later for dancing. A treasure hunt
New students at New York’s Theological Seminary represent 54 universities and colleges.
STARTS SUNDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
-☆
BL(
IIIUSCHA AUK
IRENE HERVEY • C AtWRIY SMim
; COWAN •''SANDY"* MAin MAUCCK
HbOnhesmi
fIMO SINOS* ^Voil tMw cf HMMif* iR|M Vmt Htort 'Ji. Mdnqraiib* •Sgayaf SMbM^
It's a Perfect Dream of a Laugh Combination and You'll Get a New Bang Out of Bing — PLUS —
;$nDSltniOTWAB
-•HtBiMmti •>|b0<NNf -ami thorn who rnnKJUUam
.You’ll l)e shockedil: but see The OUTSPOKEN Version of
nKBAnafORHOHOR MDeuBYiNDsiinai IKMimfORUUD MIDUKBIGINSi
IT»$ SCftECN :9YHAmni.
— TODAY - MONDAY
B'WAY, HERE I COME!
LEWIS MICKEY STONE•ROONEY CECILIA FAY PARKER • HOLDEN Au iVnUBFOBD • Diana LEWIS an,/JUDY GARLAND
Classified Ads
For Rent: Modern comfortable rooms. Privileges for three with baths. Phone 6074.
Notices
No notices received after 8 p. m.
/Eta Kappa Nn: Important meeting concerning elections at 7:30 p. m. on Wednesday, October 16, in room 306 of the Union. —HOLCOMB.
Reamers: Regular meeting Monday, October 14, at 7:15 p. m. in room 303 of Union. Pledges will report at 7:46 p. m. —BOHLUST.
Scriveners: There will be no meeting on Sunday, October 13. —RIEGLE.
P.C.F. Freshman Association: Meeting on Monday, October 14, at 4:16 p. m. in room 304 of the Union. —REYNOLDS.
P.C.F. "Courtship and Marriage" Class: Meeting Monday, October 14, at 7:30 p. m. at 126 S. Chauncey. —REYNOLDS.
All Male Students: Sign up in the supply room of the' Armory for the third novice pistol firing which starts October 22. 16-40 —WASSMAN.
Independent Men; Those interested in singing in the PIA men’s chorus sign up in PIA office in Union Building or contact Smulevitz. There are still ten vacancies. , —SMULEVITZ.
will be a unique feature of this affair. The Phi Kappa Psi’s are entertaining at a costume barn-dance at their chapter house Saturday night. Chuck Smith is going to play for this dance, which, by the way, is also in honor of their pledges. At the Union three fraternities are giving the first of the many annual Triads. The Lambda Chi Alpha, Sigma Phi Epsilon, and Phi Kappa Sigma fraternities are sponsoring this dance with Phil Levant and his well-known orchestra furnishing the music. Incidentally, this is the first year for this particular Triad. In one 6f our off-joe moments we’ve been reading the new faculty listing in Who’s Who. That’s quite a combination. Who’s Who teaching What’s What. Couldn’t resist giving you a skeptical ed’s opinion of co-ed Rush Week. Hush. Gush. Rush.
Hydraulics (CE ,41): An examination for the removal of C and I grades will be held in the hydraulic laboratory on Saturday, October 19, from 1 to 4 p. m. Permission to take the examination must be obtained from the undersigned before October 16. —F. W. GREVE.
Columbia University recently awarded 40 scholarships with a total value of $11,125.
Registered at the main center of New York’s City College are 1,000 men and two girls. Total enrollment is over 22,000.
Have you noticed the tremendous surge toward lowheeled footwear? For many purposes^ there is nothing better. Here are two popular numbers. Try them on.
Palaiit, diotfoL
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
FOR SALE Rnss-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.50 all night. Phone, 240L
Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
Stolen from varsity locker, $8.86. Guilty party’s identity known. Please return to Exponent office immediately or be piosecut^.
■.fi
if)
‘I’ll join you later at the hotel, dear—^the girls are giving me a victory dinner.”
Senior Military: A war department training film, ‘‘The Medical Regiment” will be shown in room 104 of the Armory at 4 p. m. Monday, October 14. This film will show the operations of the medical personnel of the sQuare division in action. —WORKMAN.
PIA Board: Regular meeting at 4:16 p. m. Monday, October 14, in the PIA office. —MUSSER.
Purdue Wheelmen: Ride Sunday, October 13 at 2:30 m m. Meet in front of Administration Building. No picnic. —VANDERBILT.
Chem. 11 Co-eds: There will be another pep session' at WRH South at 7 p. m. on Monday, October 14. —HUDGIN, BOLT.
Chem Engrineers: Those who desire to purchase subscriptions at reduced rates to Chem and Met magazines or the Purdue Engrineer along' with membership to AIChE must do so before Tuesday, October 22. See any of the following: .John Galloway, Ed Czenkusch, Don Swaim, Walt Stanton, Dick Kroyvill, John Selb, Reinhardt Bergstet, Bob Massey. —MASSEY.
Union Workers: Bum Room and Puttering Room committee will meet Tuesday, October 16, at 4:15 p. m., instead of Monday, October 14. —WOLFF.
Co-ed Field Hockey; Exhibition game on Monday at 3 p. m. by the Touring team of the United States Field Hockey Association. Women students may be excused from their three o’clock classes to attend the game by permission .of the executive committee of the Universitr. —HAZELTON.
Civil Camp Refund: Checks are ready for the following: Von Behren, Curran, Walker, Pace, Love, B. A. Johnson, Jones, George. —LOMMEL.
LEARN TO DANCE The Irv Maury Way First' Lesson—^Thurs., Oct. 10 Beginners Class Price $1.50 10 Lessons
ARC
TODAY-MONDAY
ALSO
MICKEY MOUSE
rANGERSo'FORTUNE
wiifc FRED PJtTRIGIII ALBERT MacMURRAY’MORiSIIN’DEKKER Oiibert Aolanii • Joseph Schjldkraut ^ Dick Foran Starts TODAY” REICHMAN and His ORCHESTRA
III'Stmddy. October 13< 1940
PtXRDUE EXPONENT
Riveters Rest Saturday; Cross Country Squad Whips Pittsburgh
Homecoming October 26
The Purdue Boilermaker squad will enjoy a breath-catching rest next Saturday, having an open date, before starting the final drive for gridiron recognition which will be launched with the Homecoming game against the Wisconsin Badgers here on Saturday, October 26. ^
Following the Badger battle at home, the Riveters play five major foes in as many Saturdays, the first one against Iowa at Iowa City. Purdue will attempt to get even for last year’s lone Big Ten defeat in this game, as Iowa beat us by the small margin of 4 to 6. Pordham will be the next rival to be met, followed by a game against th^ Minnesota Gophers. The season^s attraction, the annual game with Indiana, will find the Boilermakers back on the home lot defending the Old Oaken Bucket which they have kept from Indiana’s grasp for the
past three seasons.
The Badgers held our Boilermakers to a 7 to 7 tie last year and provide the immediate problem for Coach Mai Elward in the twentyfifth renewal of a series which has become almost traditional for its upsets. In the past 24 games the Boilermakers have won nihe, lost ten, and five of the games were tied.
Gala Homecoming
The game will provide the highlight of a gala Homecoming celebration under the general direction of E. B. Baugh, executive secretary of the Purdue Alumni Association. One of the features of the weekend will be the annual alumni dinner on Friday night, October 25, at which members of the 1915 football squad, celebrating their silver anniversary, will be the guests of honor. Senior members of the team will be presented with silver trophies commemorating the occasion. The banquet will be followed by the traditional pep session in which the
He Connected With One
alumni will join with the student
body.
Saturday morning, returning alumni will be entertained by a regulation game between two picked sEreshmen football squads and a Big Ten dual cross-country meet with Wisconsin. According to Ticket Manager C, S. Doan, although there has been a brisk advance ticket sale, plenty of reserved seats for the game are still available, r.w.j.
Spartans, 20; P. U., 7
(Continued from page 1)
Rupp. The Spartans were penalized for offside on the next play, and then on the third down Schelb passed to Pawlowski in the end zone. Miller’s conversion was good
and Michigan State led 7-0.
After Byelene had carried the kick-off back to the 18 yard line, Galvin’s poor punt wqs downed on the Purdue 21. Three plays failed to gajn for the Spartans and Miller’s attempted field goal was wide. With Mike Byelene leading the way, seven Boilermaker plays pushed the pigskin down to the Michigan State 8 yard line, where Petty finally plunged over from the one yard stripe. Galvin’s kick was good and the half ended with
the score tied 7-7.
Michigan State really showed off some of their vaunted power soon after the second half began when they kept the Boilermakers well down in their own territory. After
COM. Jinjoiv JhaL
On February 2, 1922, ail the plans for the Purdue Memorial Union were approved, and that on June 13, 1922, the around breaking ceremonies were held?
The cornerstone was laid on November 25, 1922, annual Homecoming Ceremonies, and that contained in the cornerstone was a document which contained the names of 7020 people whose subscriptions made possibe the beginning of the Memorial?
In January, 1924, a separate corporation, the Purdue Union Association, independent of the University was formed for the purpose of completing and equiping the Union Building?
JhSL filVtduJL WsinuftiaL UmofL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Wyman Davis, Michigan State’s left halfback, tossed an eleven yard pass to Lewis Smiley, rangy end, early in the second half of yesterday’s game for the Spartans’ second tally.
an exchange of punts, Wyman Davis tossed an eleven yard pass to Smiley for another tally. Sherman’s kick was low and the Spartans led 13-7. The game continued to wander around the Purdue half of the gridiron until about the middle of the fourth quarter when Cary plunged oyer from the one yard line. Cary added another point with a perfect kick, making the score 20-7. Galvin’s passing brought the Riveters deep into Spartan territory for the fir^ time in the second half.
Summary Ist Downs Yards Gained Yards Gained by Rushing Yards Gained by Passing Passes Attempted Passes Completed Fumbles Fumbles Recovered Yards Penalized
P.U Mich S
13 250 211 89 T
2 2 1 0
10 217 170 47 11 4 1 1 20
-DEAC’SThis week only, a 35 cent package of PURDUE UNIVERSITY "BOILERMAKERS" stationery, paper and envelopes for 15 cents. ' A 33 cent package of PURDUE UNIVERSITY "CARY HALL" stationery, paper and envelopes for 10 cents. H G. REISNEB, BOOK STORE
HATS CLEANED and BLOCEED 50fi
Northwefitera at Vine
Phone 4081
Lowest Price That Quality Permits"
Holderman Garners Another First Place As Boilermakers Crush Pittsburgh, 19-36 Showing a well-balanced team, the Boilermaker Harriers avenged last year’s defeat by Pittsburgh and trounced them 1936 (lowest score wins) yesterday afteTnoon. Ed Holderman, running easily again, won for the Old Gold and Black in the comparatively slow time of 19:15.2 minutes.
Five Out of Six
when two of his heaves connected to Byelene. Petty made 16 yards through center to bring the Boilermakers down to the Michigan State 10 yard line. Four plays failed to gain anything and the local lads took the ball on downs just before the game ended.
Ohio S. Defeated; Harmon Shines As Michigan Runs Wild Michigan Drubs Harvard Young Tom Harmon was the star of yesterday’s game between Michigan ahd Harvard. Harmon personally counted for 20 of Michigan’s 26 points, and threw a ten-yard forward pass for the remaining points to drub Harvard by a score of 26 to 0. Michigan ran wild throughout the entire contest, scoring once in each quarter against the seemingly bewildered Harvard team. Northwestern Surprises Ohio State The Buckeyes of Ohio State were tossed to defeat by the powerful Northwestern football team yesterday, which may change the pictur^ in the Big Ten race this season. The Buckeyes are almost universally regarded as the potential Big Ten Conference winners again this year; however, yesterday’s score. Northwestern 6; Ohio 3, casts a shadow over Ohio’s chances of retaining the Big Ten title. Indiana Defeated The Hoosiers of Indiana university were conquered in Saturday’s tilt by a score of 13 to 7, with their rival, Nebraska, on the long end of the score. Long forward passes in the first and second quarters enabled Nebraska to lead Indiana 13 to 0 at the end of the first half; Indiana scored in the third quarter, and threatened again in the last quarter, but was successfully held by Nebraska. Iowa Smothers Wisconsin A surprisingly strong Iowa team yesterday defeated Wisconsin by a score of 30 to 12. Wisconsin got off to an early start in the first period, scoring a touchdown on a fumble by Iowa. However, Iowa came back in the second quarter to tally two touchdowns, and again in the third, when Jim Walker punted to pave the way for a third scoring play. Notre Dame Beats Georgia Tech Those Fighting Irish of Notre Dame piled humiliation on the Georgia Tech aggregation in the form of third and fourth string players yesterday. Coach Layden used his first line players for only a sho^ time in the second quarter, to let his reserves overwhelm Georgia Tech by the score of 26 to 20. Southern Cal Tramples mini Southern Cal yesterday trampled the Illinois football squad to the
The only Panther runner to place in the first six was Sterner, who finished second to Ed this year as weU as last. Close behind were Riveter thinlies Bob Jarvis, McLaughlin, Reeves, and Appleton in that order. This is the first time that the Boilermakers have scored a win over Pittsburgh, and it is also their first victory of the season. It was at the Smoky City in 1939 that Ed Holderman made his first bid for cross country honors although previously he had been running the mile on the track team. Winning his initial attempt, the Riveter speedster was only defeated once thereafter, losing to Walter Mehl of Wisconsin in the Conference race. Ohio State Next Next week the Boilermakers journey to Ohio for a tangle with the Buckeyes at Columbus. Last year the Riveters and the Buckeyes tied for third in the cross country conference run, but this is the first time that the two schools have met in a dual meet, b.d.s. Scrivener Seb Contest Deadline At Odober 25 The deadline for entering manuscripts in this year’s Scrivener freshman prose contest will be 4 o’clock Friday, October 25, according to Scrivener officials. Manuscripts can be turned in to any member of the English department or at the Scrivener office on the second floor of the Union. The manuscripts will be judged by the Scrivener editorial board, and winners will be announced in. the Exponent and will be published* in the November issue of Scrivener. First prize in the contest is five dollars; second prize is three dollars, and third prize is one dollar. e.g.k. Meridians Down Morgan Park Military Academy Meridian Athletic Club defeated Morgan Park Military Academy at Chicago yesterday by a score of 410. Kendrick E. Paxton, senior in the PE school, has been coach of the athletic club for the past several seasons, jff.a.
Iowa State College is ready to supervise training of more than 1,000 technicians for national defense purposes this year.
tune of 13 to 6. Southern Cal scored on a dazzling 69-yard play in the early part of the game, and again threatened when they were only three yards from Illinois’ goal line. California scored their last touchdown in the third quarter. r.w.j. ,
the Purdue Exponenl Servicf < Directory
• Dairy Products
• Hardware
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MIU Phone 46214
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Better Mdse.—Right Prices If it's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
• Jewelers
• Professional
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
Risk Ountal ainie OR. HAROLD..I. RISK 4the>M«In Phone $70t
• School Supplies
• Locksmith
University Book Store Across from the Union N«tf to the GoJIeoe Inn M.C. "Red" SARunone *219 R.W.«Ooc"6pple'40
KEYS an* LOCKS mulhaupt^ 20».nH.5thS, s‘>t;
Wi
'>if\
PURDUE EXPONENT
Sundoy/ October 13, 1940
|V“'?
llVi,
j^l’’
rT^
h;'^4 '
Jimjtlif JjaUt Red Letter Day Editor’s Note: On the front page today we print a news-story announcing that the Purdue Peace Fellowship intends to stage a “nonviolent demonstration” this Wednesday against the conscriptioh bill. We reprint the following editorial from “The Daily Princetonian” of Princeton University, which, we think, is rather appropriate. The editorial was dated Thursday, October 10, 1940. We have just received an excited communique from the American Student Union telling us that more than 100,000 students on 110 college campuses are expected to take part in “Walkout on War” demonstrations at noon today. Two paragraphs farther down, Herbert Witt, the Upion’s national executive secretary, exclaims that “the decisive hour for American undergraduates is not approaching—it is here.” Now we have always had the kindest feelings toward the earnest young men and women of the A. S. U. Far from being, as alleged, the “treacherous instruments of the Kremlin,” they are mostly excitable kids who like to think they’re being maligned, who are sure there are all sorts of predotary interests lurking around this country ready to clap them into uniform to fight for Wall Street. But this latest outburst, we must confess, leaves us slightly puzzled. Slightly puzzled and a little annoyed. What does their strident young secretary mean by “the decisive hour’’? What does their eloquent copy-writer mean by “Walkout on War” ? Surely they do not mean that the youth of America should mobilize to sabotage their government’s efforts to protect them from the Nazis they loudly profess to fear. Yet that seems to be the implication. That seems to be their intention when they denounce the conscriptiop act and other features of the national defense program at the top of their lungs. Evidently the 100,000 (?) students who are playing hookey today don’t understand what the word “emergency” means. They don’t seem to realize that unless their government takes vigorous steps to protect their rights they may not have any rights in a very few years. Not even the right to get indignant about the “hysterical mobilization of the American school system.” But we can’t help secretly liking Herb Witt and all his vociferous colleagues. They’re so intense, so very jealous of their democratic privileges. They’ll be in there swinging if domestic Fascism ever crops up in this country. Only just now, we do wish they’d relax a bit and open their eyes to the greater peril confronting their country if their government doesn’t take those hateful emergency measures.
{jJoAhinqjton TbiwA Hart on Capitol Hm
By C. J. Hart
Washington, in the middle of October, findsi itself bathed in sunlight, cool, and very calm—from the weatherman’s point of view: Nature’s calmness does not, however, invade the con-
sciousness of the people in this city.
On the surface, everything is
much the same as in the past. They still pursue their daily activity, as usual. But there is, for me, a difference between these people as they were three months, a single month, or a week ago, and these same people as they are today. They just aren’t the same. They’ve
changed.
Expect U. S. Entry The average Washingtonian with whom I come in contact is prepared for the entry of the United States into war. It is obvious. Several symptoms indisputably convey this meaning. Observe these people in a movie, reading a newspaper on the bus, or listening to a news commentator in their homes. In all of these activities, they have mental pictures of buildings being bombed, slum dwellers rendered homeless, and refugee children floating toward the ceiling of a torpedoed ship. These people have thdse images, they writhe mentally, and suffer the same terror (modified) as the actual victims. They like it. Average Person Nervous The reason: The average person is keyed to a nervous pitch where he finds his emphatic response a satisfactory adjustment to the situation in which he finds himself— a world at war. But that sort df thing won’t suffice for long. It’s like dope. More and more concrete situations will be needed to satiate the growing appetite for such things as we witness in the news-reels. War in 10 Days? Thus the response to conscription. Thus the lack of clamor against appropriations for war, or defense ( as you prefer). Thus the rising sentiment against the Japanese, the increasing .hysteria for the plight of
the British Thus all of these and
more.
These symptoms show that the ground for complete satiation—war —has apparently been well laid. For the symptoms are very healthy, and very much in evidence. Capital newspapers mention casually the possibility of war in 10 days. We
have come a long way
'Laying The Concrete' This is not to say that we are entering war. This is not to say that there is a deliberate attempt on anyone’s part to lead us into war. This is to say that the concrete has been laid for the super-highway which runs in the direction of war —if our vehicle is headed in that
direction.
Thomas, Research (Continued from pdge 1) house one-man traveling laboratory are steel balls that contradict a rule of gravitation, a ni^el-bar that changes its length when talked to, an electric lamp that can be “blown” out, and a “Stroboglow” lamp that makes fast-traveling objects appear to stand still. In addition to lecturing and operating his electrical apparatus. Dr. Thomas is also his own stage manager. By means of a photo-electric cell and an ordinary flash light he turns flood lights on and off at will. A special coil attached to his motion picture projector enables him to operate the instrument by remote control, using movies of laboratory experiments and processes to supplement his demonstrations. Dr. Thomas will appear here under the auspices of the local chapter of the American Institute of Electrical Engineering. All those interested are invited to attend, n. a.o.
WAA News
The United States Field Hockey Touring Team will play an exhibition game with the Purdue Women’s Team at 3 o’clock Monday afternoon on the Women’s Field. The touring team, which is seeking to promote interest in hockey in colleges, schools and clubs, will be brought here by the Purdue Sports Women —^waa— There will be no admission for the game. All co-eds who attend will be excused from their 3 o’clock classes. Excuses for missing class will be given to them at the gate These excuses should be returned to the professor concerned at the next class meeting. After the game touring team players will coach WAA hockey players. Members of the University team are: Jane Fishleigh, Gail Hennis, Carolyn Brittin, Ruth Walker, Olive Metzger, Mary Pidgeon, Opal Blagrave, Eileen Westover, Kathryn Ade, Barbara Ford, Eleanor Harrison, Shirley Emhoff, Betty Van Nice, Vera Chapman and Esther Kirkhoff. —^waa— Rifle shooting will start tomorrow night in the Women’s Gymnasium. The following teams will participate: Monday, October 14- 6-30, Ward I; 7-00, Glenwood and Otter-Be-In; 7:30, Ward III; 8 00, PIA, 8 30, Alpha Chi Omega Tuesday, October 16- 6 30, Thaeles; 7:00, Ann Tweedale; 7'30, Coedda and Chi Omega; 8.00, Kappa Alpha Theta; 8:30, Alpha Xi Delta Wednesday, October 16: 6:30, Waid II; 7:00, Gables; 7-30, Wood Hall; 8:00, South Hall; 8-30, North Hall. Thursday, October 17: 6:30, Harmony House; 7:00, Antigonish and Shoemaker; 7 30, Pi Beta Phi; 8-00, Kappa Kappa Gamma; 8‘30, Phi Mu. All other teams may be entered by calling Opal Blagrave.
Co-ed Rush Dinner Invitations In Mail, Pan-Hel Officials Say Invitations to sorority rush dinners on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday are now in the mail, and rushees will receive them Monday, Pan-Hellenic officials said yesterday. Rushees are to return these invitations, signed or unsigned, to the Pan-Hellenic desk in room 364 of the Union on Mo:pday afternoon from 3 to 6:30 o’clc/ck. The dinners will be informal, and each sorority house will hold three, j.a.p. Lehner To Discuss Co-ops Before Ag Education Society Anthony Lehner, widely known authority and lecturer on economic problems, will discuss “The Economic Function of the Co-operative Movement” at the open meeting of the Agricultural Education Society tomorrow night at 7:30 o’clock in •the combined Faculty Lounges of the Union. Lehner, head of the department of education and organization of the Pennsylvania Farm Bureau Federation, was educated at Munich and Leipzig, Germany, and in 1932 was put in charge of the Indiana Department of Education. At that time he organized oneweek training schools for the 1,200 young people between the ages of 18 and 25 who attend each year to learn the principles and philosophy of the co-operative movement. Lehner joined the staff of the Pennsylvania Farm Bureau Federation in 1937. m.k b
N
Two Ma/es Chance Mixed Recreation For A Big Evening By E. G. Kieper Men in the Memorial gymnasium ? That’s right—^we were there. Friday I noticed a sign on the gym “Mixed Recreation Tonight.” In a weak minute I decided to try it once. I called all the women I know (both of them) and found that they were busy. Not having much choice, I called up my favorite Cary Hall stooge. He was willing to risk his life with me. Adventures Begin We arrived at the gym at 7:30 and then started to pace back and forth, back and forth, trying to decide if it was worth the risk to go in. A slick looking pair of co-eds went in the gym. Our minds were made up at once. A rather nice girl told us to make ourselves at home until the crowd started to come about 8:16 or 8:30.
We looked around the building to see what was what. There was equipment for ping-pong, basketball, swimming and badminton. It didn’t take long to decide that badminton was the game for us. Queer Game Badminton is a queer game. It’s a combination of tennis, ping-pong and mosquito hunting. It’s like playing tennis in the parlor using a marshmallow for a ball and a pair of fly swatters for rkcquets. Instead of a ball they use a birdie. A birdie is a conical piece of rubber with white feathers on one side. The birdie just floats in the air. It is almost impossible to make the birdie fly fast. I couldn’t even hit it hard. To complicate matters the racquet is about one-half the size of a tennis racquet. It swings like a glorified fly swatter. Finally we tired of it and decided to go home. It was some fun in the women’s gym!
Two ordinary scotch and sodas are the approximate calorie equivalent of one and one-half dozen raw oysters.
r«« e0iH6 TO HAvf «y htew CtOTHCS SAKntOMCP
-ST"'
And i am going to have American do my Laundry!
Because I want to keep my Mother's youth and good health. Besides, it's economy as well." American Laundry West Side Office—132 Northwestern Ave.
TWO MORE DMS To Have Your Picture Taken Monday-8 a. m. to 5:30 p. m. Tuesday-8 a. m. to 5:30 p. m. Sub-basemenI of the Union OiherwBo you must go to Dexheimer-Carlson, Indianapolis (DehAiA.
V>' I
i I
t ft
f if
* {4
HI
4 U
t \i
> 0
1 i
I J
* ^
4 4
/K. 4