/
i>
.'t- r ,
-! Irt^bna, 7; Minnesofa/0 tiliiiois^ 14; Nbrthw'ern, 7
Notre Dahie^ 13; Army, 0
Volume $5, Ho. 42^
Purdue Uniyorai^/ liVest Lafayette, Indiana
Iowa, 6; Wfseootfn, 0 bartm'h, 13; Prin'ton, 7 Navy, 7; Penn State, 0 Sunday, November 8,
ilt, 42
to Phy in Both Ballrooms F&r lknpukI DMhce Friday From 9 To t
: ^ Riveters
, , :. By Jfle Dawspn, Associate Sports Editor
Outw.eigh^ bi^ an vayerage pounds pen man, Coach Elmer Burnham’s injurynidden Boilermaher grid squgd suffered its .yforst defeat in ,15 years of Riveter football history yesterday afternpoh whqn the immov;^bJe, well-oiled Great Lakes football machine outclassed them by a score,of 42-P in the, main attraction of the annual Dad’s Day celebration in RossrAde Stadium before an est;i,mated 15,000 service men and grid fans. From the start of the game when Bruce Smith, form.er AlhAmerican halfbapk from. Minnesota, took Henry
Oh Henry Strain
Art jarreft'
Kemp at his. appearance here Friday night for the
Military Ball.
, Tickets for the Military Ball, featuring Art Jarrett and his orchestra are nearly gone, the University cashier announced last night. However, as tickets are turned in they will immediately be placed on sale. , The entire Union will be reserved for those attending the dance and dancing will last from 9 to 1 a. m. in both ballrooms of.the Union, coed hours hav- —:—^ ' |ng been extended to 2 a. m.
for the occasion.
, Ayt Jarrett, who took over the late Hal Kemp’s band, has recently finished an engage-. ment at the Blackhawk gestaui-ant jn Chicago where he played a three months’stand. Previous to that ho
had .played in the College Inn, Chi- , . .
cagoi .Adolphus Hotel, Dallas, and -University Playshop Laboratory the Book Cadillac Hotel in Detroit, pi'oduction, which this year consist-
the dimynitive sparkplug in tl-je Bbilerma.ker lineup whose tirneiy pa.sy,n_terceptions and all around ,FIGHT lent a dash 'of tasasco sauce to an otherwise tasteless dish. MuaBdll hey there c)arepce the army. .>vou|dn’t have me they say i am too little i , w.ent to the football game yesterday afternoon i spent all my time yellihg hold; that line and block that kick it wa.s all in vain purduc has . V good engineers thougli —MUDBALL
By Marion Smith ,
La.st night a crowd of approximately 550 students, faculty, and townspeople witnessed the annual
In Movies, Too
S’qIo honors are shai-ed by Art, Tom,Mol’gan and Jim Sullivan. Jarrett; first distinguished himself as a soloist with Ted Weems and Isham Jori.ea and later co-starred in the movies Aith Jofin Crawford, Carol Lombard' arid Ann Southern. Following:., thrift he, tied up with Hal Keriip . arid:, his band ,an<I stayed
ed of three one-act dramas. For a group most of whom had never before acted on a college stage, the play.s wei'e put on very well, according to the reactions of the .audience. . To help keep the attention of the audience forcused.on the acting, the stage settings were all very simple, consisting mainly of. a large blue backdrop merging the horizon and sky into one and.a few stage.props
there yritil Hal’s dgath several years ^ach in keeping with the setting of
ago,;,wheii; he took oyer the organ- j.[^g.pp^y ^ , Ross Smith supervised the. pro,ArFs.:yersatihty,VIS shown hy the '
fact that .hetwe.eii. band engage
plays as a group,
while each was directed by a strident director and an assistant. Most of the actors were freshmen and have hppes of stepping from one of these plays into a larger production. In fact, some of the players viewed last night have already been cast in plays to he presented in the
.future,
“The Great Dark” by Dan Tot-l-erch and dii'ected by Arthur Barah and Mary Lou Sternberg was the first drama of the evening. Ip this, Frances Robinson, Mary Louise Fairniau, Rosemary Thornburg, Mary McCormick, Elaipe , KgH,
. . .of the Home Lconomics Lx- Kuthei'ine Btunham ad took th.e part tension staff will he the speaker to- -of wives and sweethearts of miners morrow night at 7v30 for the month- who had been trapped in a mine pxIv meeting of the Tippecanoe county 'Thp,blank „ ^ ■ A • • bmu'd fence oJ5 a mine.enelosure, the unit of Better Homes m America m afternoon, Mul the room 253 of the Union. Her topic Htillnes.s of tlie mine slial'l hehiud will be “Keeping Up Apjiearanees the fence pll added force to the d.eon the Hoine Front.” pres.sed spirits of the wives, who
ments he finds ,|;ime to . iriake the most of his pet hobby, tennis. Recently he won the Men’s Single Championship of the Huntington Crescent Club, Long Island, and Mso was a member of, the M^^ed Doubles.Championship tepra at the Ambassador in Los Angeles. His only complaint is that his hand engagements will , not permit‘Ris advancing any farther in national
play.
Blihtfte Zaring
were finally rewarded for their praying and patient waiting by the men who were rescued. However, the play ended still in a darje vein -when it was discovered that the one man whom two of the women liad fought over was the one man killed. The second production of the three; “West from the Panhandle,” another serious drama by Betty Smith and demon White and directed by George Zissis and Marselda Jacobs, depicted the plight of a man and his family who were attempting to walk from the dust plains of the Texas Panhandle to more fertile lands to.the west. The cast consisted of Jim, Lennahan,_Ann Carmiclia'el, ,Rd .Clark, Marianna Swern, Donna Jea.ri: Curtis, Jim Yingst, a»d John Spalding. . , ' / Following the second j)lay in rapid-fire, succession, was . “Pawn,” a heart rending portrayal of the trials and ordeals of Ihe peasants of. Russia, written by Pe’rcival Wilde and clirected by John Clark and Rita Doilahoe. Jolm Patterson, Henry Bolz, Jack S<^ririff, Bob Balser, Bob Laytch, and George Kerin enacted the epil’Ode of what might well take place between a soldier and peasants
of the Balkans.
Strain’s opening kickoff until the. hnal gun, the Outcome was? never in doubt. Only in the passing department did the determined but inferior Boilermakers have an advantage over Coach Hinkle’s band of former college and pro allstars. Largely due to some fine maneuvering and pass receiving on the part of the two fii'st string ends, Forrest CcCaffry arid Tex Smerke, the Riveters outgained the Sailors in the air by a margin of 73 to 53
yards.
Smith In Leading Role To Rick a star of .stars from among the ranks of the Great Lakes team would be virtually impossible. However, most of the fans who witnessed the game yesterday would never doubt the fact that Bruce Smith was the greatest back in the country last year. The former Gopher star played only half of the game, but in that time ran and passed for two tff the touchdowns and set up a couple more. Belichick, who also scored twice, SWeigev, Odson, Zarnas, Petry, Nelson, Hickey and Preston were all outstanding for the Bluejackets. For the Boilermakers, the spirited play of little Henry Stram, 160pound sophomore left halfback, was really something to mai’vel at, regardless of the fact that he was outweighed by some of,the Gi'cat Lakes linemen by as njueh as 80 pounds. Several times the dimunitive back went through the center of the Bluejacket line on quick opening plays for gains of from six to nine yai:ds a crack. Cycenas To Smerke The passing combination of Cycenas to Smerke providedythe only ]’eal scoring threat for the :Rivetej'S in the middle of the fourth period. With the ball resting on the Rivetei30 yard- line, Cycenas, on second down, threw a bullet pass to the fieet TOxan, who gathered it in and moved oh up to the midfield stripe. Stram went through center for another first down. Cycenas flipped ,one to MeCMfi'y, who was downed on the 25. Another pass to Sme^'ko moved the ball to about the 14-yard line. The Bluejackets then stiffened and held for downs to end the
threat,
After the Bluejackctp had re.turned the qpeping kickoff, the Riveter line held on two running plays, forcing Smith to kick. After three unsuccessful cracks at the powerful Great Lakes l|ne, Stram punted to Smith, who was .downed in his tracks by French and Smerke on the,48. , Smith Goes Over With Smith and Sweigei' alternating on carrying the ball,; the hall was moved down to the Riveters’ five-yard line where Smith , went over. Nelson, substitute eenter, kicked the extra point, making it
7 to 0.
After Strain’s pass tp.McQaffry had , fallen , short of , a . first Ro.wti, Strani dropped back ajifi sent,g,Irik’S' 45ryard .kick .to. Aridei-so,n,,fo.raner (See GAME STORY, page 3) ExpOlietii jtetif All editorial staflf jup|ors., apd first apd seoprij seipeMrir riophomores, both ed and cped,;WhQ.plan . to petition for junior apd senior oHices at tfie ngxt elemtiopipre to attend a meeting iiixlRe ,oRic,e jit 4:15 p. 111. Tupsd,ay, iy,oYqi;n,t^er:, 10. It is essential that all affected be
there.
—AMOS
Tex Smerke
: , . Boilfermaker end whose snappy tackles, and ability to snare passes were another brighUsppt in ^the BoilermakerGreat Lakes grid battle here yesterday.
Two Evening Convos, Five Seminars Will Highlight Week's Program Students of all faiths and creeds will gather for a mass convocation in Eliza Fowler Hall tonight from 7 :.30 to 8:30 to hear President Clyde E.-Wildman of DePatiw University solmd the keynote for Religious Emphasis Week with the theme “A Dynamic Faith for the Present and Future”. President Wildman is a noted traveler and iecturer and has ———I — ^ '.las studied abroad at the Universities of Edinburgh, Lauzanne and Berlin. The subject oi hi.s addre.ss will be ‘And Now Abides Faith”. Dick Kohls, president of Theta Alpha. Phi,, national dramatic, honorary, will iiresirie at the con-
vocation.
The University Concert Choir, composed of forty-two voices, directed by Albert P. 'Stewart will provide the music. They will sing ‘"A Hospitality Rune” (a rune U a mystic son,g or poem) whoso wcrd.s from the old Hebridean were set to music by Nedrie Baugh'. Two other convocations, lasting one hour and .beginning at 7:30 p.
Convo, Glee Club Entertain Guests Approximately 500 fathers registered in the Great Hall of the Union yesterday for the
At the final inceting' of the board of managers of the Indiana Congress of Parents and Teachers held Friday, it was voted to invest $6000 of the organization’s funds in war bonds. The meeting was in charge of Mrs. F. A. Conkle, president of the ICPT. Other business transacted at the meeting included appointments to county po.st vacancies and the appointment of a cominittee to select a candidate for state chairman of the board of managers.
annual Dad’s Day activities scheduled for Yednesday Which provided entertainment Ming-Ie, .wiil be featured at llte during the entire day. Today niid-week convo. The University special religious services have Glee Club wdll appear at the final
been planned by the various session.
Lafayette churches for ' the According to Rev. Gene Baish-y, guests studenls.-Whqiiav.a.iictalreadjydcvRe-
^ gp inay register for one of the five
After the registration, be- seminars in the lobby of Eliza ginning at 9 a. m„ tours of the Fowler Hall inimediateiy follovring campus were conducted, and a, spe- the convo toni,ght. These seminars cial luncheon'vvas held in the Union, will convene in the Union from'4 Music was presenteR by the Glee until 5, starting tomorrow and conClub and the speaker fdi' the occa- tinning through Friday. Outstan:!sion was Prof. F. B. Knight. ing leaders from,all over the counAfter the game, dinner was pro- 'will lean the discussion of the
“Religion and “Basis of a Ju.st
smoker in the Union. The highlight ‘^rid Durable Peace, Bible in a
vided'hy the various residence halls lollowing topics for the guests who then attended a Lilt's Adjustment,
of the evening was a convocation in
Modern Generation,” “What Can I
the Union. The jirogram consisted Believe, ’^ and Christian Homo
of music by the Concert Choir, in- Making.’
formal talks by head coach Elmer
Burnham, Guy Mackey, and basket- A jPw^n
ball mentor “Piggy” Lambert. Prof.
C. E. Damon gave a short addres.s .... a former employee of Swift and then color movies of the campus and Co. and a Univer.sity graduate ■vvere shown. of ’36, is now doing research work The day’s activities were brought in .fats and oils as a member of the, to a close with a mixer featuring University Agricultural Chemistrj'
Maury Mahns and his orchestra. staff.
Bees And Flowers
Richard LZweig
’.’Ifi, is now a battalion supply officer in th,e Medical Replaceivent Center at North Little Rock, Ai'kansasl Zweig reports that he I'ecently met two other University .graduates (d’ Ins class and school wh.Oiare stationed with him at Little
Rock.
. . . of The Bureau ;ofBhip5,,formerly with thb Marsh anfi Ti'uman Lumber Cpinp.apy of .CRicagp,..visited the University forestry department I'oeently. He is troqhle shooter for the Nayql YarRe ..oit.the ,.east coast in procurement of materials.
By Jim Richardson There’s still time to see the annual University Horticultural show but this afternoon from 1 to 5 will he your last chance. If you arc interested in fruits, vegetables, fiowers, or- nuts, or if you j.ust like to have your mouth wa'ter at the sight of ,gQod food, there are many reasons why you should go to the Horticulture building today. On entering the east door, one starts down a long corridor lined with exhibits. These begin with a demonstrationmn how to store vegetables during the winter and continue with exhibits of all kinds. There are colorful gourd arran^'ements for table centerpieces; various types of bee hives, both old and new, and even a glass enclosed frame of busily engaged bees. Pies Popular Farther down there is a very popular exhibit which featurpri different apple pastries and desserts made by the home economics institutional m a n a g e m e n t students. This, strangely enough, is followed by apple pest eradication suggestions in the next exhibit. Keeping up with the apple trend in this section is a booth sponsored by the yniversity Horticultural society to sell cider and (loughiuits. Tire proceeds from the booth will be used to sponsor next year’s show.
After a glass of cider one rounds tire corner and comes face to face with still more exhibits, one sponsored by the St. Elizabeth Hospital showing canned foods. Going down into what used to be a loctiire rooin, the scene is dominated by an enormous basket holding all types and shapes of every vegetable imaginable. Around the sides of this room are lined apples—^apples of every size and color to make the very cider now in you gurgle. Farther on is an exhibit of all types of native nuts. Oak Leaves Help Make Utopia Passing out of. the room, one is directed to the University greenhouses where the flower show is being held. The greenlioiises are filled with flowers of all descriptions
and also many artistic flower arrangements. A very unusual. arrangement eeri.sists of mere, oak leaves arran.ged on browtr drapery. Here is a Hower-lover’s utopia. Emphasis for the sliow has been placed on vitamins in vegetables for winnin.g the war, liowever, the vegetables have not been judged according to the kind of vitamins they contain but according to their quality, condition and uniformity, primarily. Flowers are emphasized for the ' building of civilian morale. Of Interest Even To llngineers These are just a few of ttie li.ighlights of the annual horticulture show where even a hardened engineer might easily find something of interest.if
plage 2
"T' '* f f' % Purdue Exponent
Sunday^ November 8^ 1942^
Purdue Exponent . Offices Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phene 4005 Sports, Ficldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m , 5377
I H lor in ( hicf Nths 1 dilor MmnRirir Fditor Sport/? 1 dilor n Q ir ^ Mamfrcr ( o^'J JLflitor
John F Amos Don T Brophy John H Armstrong Robert L Hadley Ken K Gpemre Alice Chalfleld
Publication Staff
Assoc ate Ed tofa 1 d lorial ‘slan' P W Ochciltroc A P H inter W E Rafert I I B t 0 Ho kins R W Bo winkle K Roquemore \ I sj it S (T I) 1 Bitwir 3 S Daw ton D Shryer C So S C^el s iT C 11 Beall Cl urluUt I^a b Jean I auci Elaine Business Staff cl Pn Tc s Manager Jiiha Martin rti'? Off Managers J M Wright D L Johnson J Pett> ( u it OT Manager e H Klouman \r un Manager Ircia T rrenga 1 1 ( oed Managers Hlen Claik Jane Kcim The Purdue Independent
r n ( hirf 1"ng Id I r nc s Manager I li r rtis ng Manager 1 nfs ftlimger j! n Aianagcr
Dave Barta Ed Humphrey Elwin Welbaum Roberta Kessler Scott Brown George Paine Harold Hendricks
Staff For This Issue N i;,! I I 1 tor Hu itniorc Sports Editor gowards y I di or Beall Issue Editor Richardson It riers ftson ^c^mllKIl Ca>lor Smith Tilton
l,nt r 1 s I class matter at the post office in Latay cit It I a n ler the act of Contreas of March 8 18 <) i t hie J c al rate of pobtnge proMded for in section no ct r Ort h 1 WP authorized January 20 1922 1 t 1 sh I T I dav Thurs la> Fridat and Sunday mornings j,tl y ar Del cred I calj\ by carrier for $1 76 for a A 00 fer t o seme ter by mall for $2 00 for a e f or I ( [or t semesters nr rh te n a led ibscription $1 60 I 1 r I for nitional advertising b> National Advcrlis Sr 1 e Coll ge Publishers Representatives 420 M \ t Nev lorl NY
Freedom . . .
{)! IHI SAME ] i feiodt day foi the Insh judging lioni tlic nuin 1 1 1 il 1 y Iht name ol Murphy who &aid jes. to I o JfU slicn Ldtc'-t Mutphj to tdJet a pin IS Ghi O II M i hi who t 1 othc SAL shield of Bill Dues • <- J lilt 'idj both ot the Muiphys belong to t 1 b ol Debus tunnels uji
'I ' OKI KUOK— 1 eln n tutie Lee Kesteau utuined the liaidwdie llet i lau Geaigc Dick and ‘■Jits back in eiieuia ^ 111) W hat wi h the sboitage ol women and the Jt a d tiff—evcij little bit helps
i 1 M \M GO -VGAIN 1 i Ann P eiet who eeitauily believes that it is nn piivilege to change hei mind has doi e it 1 I igui and again Ihia time she s bounced 1 Ih 1 hi Delt pill ol Gene Kattcijohn foi the lit e in IX month J ' 'D \ori( [‘S ! i J I have given Geoige Dicks pm back 1 i I ( 1 e If inteiested call 841o —LEE DI&IEAU 1 t ti I 1 i beta ( his Foi Sale—One slightly \ ai I't eld siheation guaianteed not to up 1 1 im Ol bag at the knees Owiiei must ^ 111 11 a couple of days due to Uncle Sam s ] J ‘'Axon \ I lei Giilioommate Please state qualifications /i^ il J 1 now how to cook and woik a slide lule —ANY PURDUE LD
MM LII IROUDIL , i| I 1 Phi Psi s tie piobably still wondtiiiig I it ll( a,, is Ihe boys fell haid toi a sistei act ^*1 d 1 \ Kapjias 1 Ii2aI>Gth Peet and Jane bpiague Ml ( 1 (loniiid clothes alike and beeapie the Upton tuns iui the evening, and the poor dates nevei did < ilel) pn \\D MORI ^ Jhf pinning of Pat Smith by Phi fau Pete Plunimei I line as uuite a shock to eveiyone uieluding the little lad\ s past in the peisoii of A1 Andeison
I lecdom is a man lifting a gate latch at (!u 1 and sittino for a while on the porch, 11(1 ing his pipe befoie he goes to bed It is h violence of an aigument outside an e!f ction p ill, it is the righteous anger of the pi -Ills It IS the waim laughter of a girl on i f all bti ch It IS the rush of a tram over iJiv. Cv.ntm'^nt and the unafraid faces of people 10 1 iiie, cut the windows It is all the howdys in tlm vvoild and all the helloes It is Dorothy 1 1 mpson asking foi war, it is Gen Hugh S It h 1 o 1 asking hei to keep quiet It is you ning to lemember the words of the Starsj ingkd Bannei It is the sea breaking on \\j ’ sji ds somewhere, and the shoulders of i mountain suppoiting the sky It is the air on lill youi lungs with and the dirt that is ' t h gaiden It is a man cursing all cops j t ihf £ bsence of apprehension at the sound ol pm caching footsteps outside youi closed dm It is youi hot resentment of intrigue, ih( till of your chin, and the tightening of J 1 I'D sometimes It is all the things you ! n 1 w lint to keep on doing It is all the 11 n^s ^ ou feel and cannot help fehng Free(loi—It IS you—Congressional Record, Dec io 19 H The Ratio
4.95 ... to 1 M N Ol THE WEEK J! column s choice foi man of the week ib Lambda ( lin ‘'tlaffej who put his pm on the fieshman I Ml n 1 e Muiphv That in itself is pietty good I J 1 who makes Glyde Beatty look like a sissy f ll I I e\ pm gal Bcitic Cole and told hei the good It 1 1 ISC f Oh yes and “Gentleman Jim” hung 1) dw i e undci difficulties It seems that ATO Sundciluid had just been up foi the week c 1' I buel mg pi etty good odds
qU VMSHIHOTON Tnv R , U S P4I OH MERRY-GO-ROUND By DREW PEARSON Fliers, Passed Over By Navy Board, Prove Their Worth; Trouble On Alaska Pipe Line WASHINGTON—Vciy slowly, naval aumen aie coming into mipoitant battle positions m the Navy But it has been a long pull and they still have a long way to go Illustiative of the tough low they have had lo hoe IS the fact that an man A E Montgomery leccntly piomoted to be an admnal and Capt Miles R Blown mg now chief of staff of Annual Halsey’s fleet aiound the Solomons, only a few ycais ago were slat ed foi ictiiement The battleship boys m the Navy had passed them ovei, and they wcie headed foi the naval dump heap Now howcvei they aic doing some of the best woik m the Pacific On Eeb 25 1939 THE WASHINGTON MERRY GO ROUND disclosed Ihit about 50 aviatois most of them Woild Wai flieis but not Annapolis giadu ates, wcie on the puige list because they had 1 cached the dangeiOus age foi flying and weie unskilled at commanding a battleship Publicity on this proposed puige plus a bill mtioduced by Senatoi Walsh of Massachusetts finally saved these flieis Othciwise they might not be m the Navy today Heie IS the list published by THE MERRY GO ROUND in 1939 and showing what became of the flieis aftci publicity halted the puige Captain John H Toweis now vice admiral for air in the Pacific Commander A L Montgomery formerly executive officer for air at San iDego now a commandant at Corpus Chnsti Texas Lt Comdr David Rittenhoiise winnci of the Schnei dcr Cup who got fed up with the battleship boys and iceigned to turn out torpedo planes for Grumman Lt Comdr Howard Brow winner world speed lec ord 1922 now inspector of naval an craft at Voight factorj Bridgeport Conn Lt Comd Andrew Cnnkley now naval -iltache in Mexico Lt Comdr R D Ljons, world wai ace now cxeeu tive officer at Corpus Christi Lt Comdi Henry Stanlej racing pilot now execu tive officer I loyd Bennett Field Another important naval ace Comdr Lugenc Wil son, lesigncd some lime ago and is now head of United Aircraft and the guiding genius of Pratt Whilney • Battleship Vs. Air These aumen weie tiain d 111 iviation fiom the bottom up They weie not tiained to uin i battle ship Meanwhile thcie has eome along a new type of officei oiiginally tiamed it sea but who saw the handwiitmg on the wall lealized the impoitame of ail power and late m lifi took an tiaining \dmual Ernest King now commandei m chief is m ih it class also Admiial Piedcriek C Sheunan who eopi manded the Lexington and Admiial John MeCaiii now chief of the Buieau of Aeionautics These men lie t,ood ofliceis But aeeoidin„ Lo legu lai flying officeis they still hive the battleship in stinet lathci thin the quiek offensive mstinets ot the fliei The speed of modem waifue saj these young flieis is 400 miles an lioui not the 14 knot speed of the battleship Navy flieis admit the impoitanee of the fleet But thoj eontend that wc will not leaeh maximum cfli eieney in the Paeifie until the fleet is made an adiunet of ail powci lathci than 111 powei an adjunet of the fleet .Roosevelt Surprise ^^i^ong the millions of persons who were surprised to learn of Ihc President s recent trip aeross the eoun try w as none other than the President s daughter \iina Roosevelt Boeltiger of Seattle I irst inkling she had of her fathers arrival was when a Secret Serviec officer came snooping around the house to see if it was a safe place Knowing the wajs of the Secret Service Anna had her suspicions Ihen she remembered a mysterious letter from her mother It said, You will piobably see your father before I do Came Ihe dawn And shortly thereafter tame the President • Alaskan Pipe Line A vigoious tug of wai ha-* been goin^, on Lilwcct Sccretaiy of the Iiitciioi Ickes and Gen Bichoii Som ci-vell ovei building of a pipe line liom noithwcst Canadian oil fields to Alasl a Gen Someivell oidcicd the pipe line I uilt without Petioleum Cooidin itoi lel es knowing anjthing about it I atei when Itke^ learned of it hew tote i Icttei to Seeietaij of Wai Stun on pointin„ out that tne line had to bo built ovei high mountain^ eould noi be laid deep enough 111 the giound lo e^eip^ the Aietic cold whifh would congeal the oil to sueh sluggishness it would not inov e thiough the pipe He said the p i| ect was impiaetic ible and it was beltei lo use tdiikei s So the pipe line was stopped Latei howevei Som Cl veil levived the piojeet and is pioceeem.,, • Alaskan Oil Scandal Most interesting fact behind the whole thing how ever is that more than a year ago lekes proposed to Seerelarj ol the Na\j Knox that the Nivj 111 cooperation with the Intciior Depaitment tinanee an independent oil operator in drilling loi oil in Alaska Ihe plan was pioposed to lekes bv lamous Brain Iruster lorn Corcoran who pointed out that geologi eal survejs showed oil just north ol the Anchoiage naval base I his could be lapped and in ease ol war with Japan would supply oil lo the Nav) with out a dangerous haul bj tankeis Corcoran also proposed to lekes w ho in tin n passed the proposal on to Secrelaiy Knox that oil could be sent by barge down the Yukon River through lkriii„ Strait and up the Lena River in Siberia to the 1 rans Siberian Railwaj Ihtn in east ot war i i(h lapaii the United States would be able to supply gasoline to its teilain ally Russia for bombing opeiations against Tokyo Ihis was about six mouths before I’earl Maibei However the Navj pooh poohed the idea Also it happened that a Texas oil operaloi wanted to do the Alaskan drilling with /iiiancial help Irom the Govern menl So someone leaked the story to the press as a raid on the U S I reasury and another ‘ Bollinger scandal” Ihe^eak ended all diseussion ol oil loi the Navy in \laskd
GRIN ANP BEAR IT
By
Mm
fu
—T
Problems For Fun To facilitate their consideration, solutions should be submitted on separate signed sheets, within one week after the posting of the problem Include with each solution a signed statement that the solution was bbtaihed unassisted Solutions arc to be handed in at the Mathematics Office
PROBLEM 9: ^ On a stiaight level road are three successive milestones A, B and L. Ihc point 0 is at a distance from the road on one side and on the same level. If angle AOB is thirty degrees, and angle BOC is foity-five degnees, what are the distances OA, OB and OC^ REMARKS ON PROBLEM 8: The gill will buy 11 chocolate bais, 70 gum drops and 19 caramel
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
‘Uui pioblem here is moiale, Colonel'—trj mg 10 keep the giils ciayy £ibout unifoims'
Personnel Notes Compm it5 to visit campus Pan Ameiiean Airwajs Ine J lel son Heights N Y —N ivem bei 9 Gioup meeting it 4 Mond ij Nov 9 Poom 108 Ml Buildm Allied Gheinieal & Dye to (Sol vayPioet sCo) Newyoil NY — Novembei 10 Inteiested n BS MS and PhD Ghenustiy ind GhL Westin house I lee re ind Maim factunng Co Pi t b 1 j h P i —No vembei 10 ini 1 C u q meeting it 4 Mondiv Novel I Cl ) 1 Room 134 LL Buildin Bureau of N ival Persoi nel— V 7(S) —''c 1 Bin c III of N iv il Old nance thiei^o 111 Nivcmle 12 13 and 14 I iteiestel in Deeembei MI LE Cl uid ChL Garbide an! (nbon t Iteuii als Coip S Chill toi Y Vi No vembei 1( u 1 17 Gune^ii Illinois 5(e< 1 ( > (li eago III Novembi 16 id 17 In teuste 1 in ill t\ 1 es ( I e in e s loint Rceiuiliii Pond—\imj N iv;, Mam e Gi i] G ) ist ( uai 1-— Cilumbii Oh ) Nov M I 18 Magiiohi Petioleum (o Dalhs Icxas—N( \ cinl e ^0 InUic ted n BS MS md PhD (1 emi t P R Milloiv X.(o Ine Ii li u apoli Ind —Ink este 1 in MetL LL Ml Si n in Pi 1 nitl Office by Wednesd ly Novembei 11 Placement Notes For Women eslt n K { s t I V t Uni ( ty ( leveland Ohio is c 1 m I 1 in foi m itiqn t htoinin the m 1 be ol women stu le it Ih ( ugl out the
kiriii NOW SHOWING — DOUfiUE FEATURE — cimemv mm
WARNCR 1$R0S ' HAPPIEST HIT PLUS
With RICHARD CARLSON MNE RANDOLPH
eouitiy who will le inki tel n be inning muses ti uniiu in 1 eb I u 1 J 1944 An\ in eie t d inioi wc un hot 1 1 ekjhonc t'e PI let ment Seiviee loi Wimen ziO '' it onecncuei th it the 11 1 u n iv I c sent 111
,WI stars IN WAVW .IW A
LUMA
—TODAY TOMOROW-
Wally Does U Again'
‘‘Sr"* OHtl WATERS
NEVER SO
many STARS! NEVER, ANY-
WHERE, A
PICTURE UKE IT! An experience you’ll
never forgot!
iiijaim marjokie 3. CARRO*-
Lmocomedy.'"''*;' and iXp«T**
PLUS —SECOND HIT
foalurinq VAN HEFLIN as “Rocky Custet” wlJh CECILIA PARKER M G M p cturc
mm
ELSA
JAMES hall
NOW PLAYINGMARS
minti IM
The hihnous story of two stxnll town girls battling the amorous pitfalls of Greenwich Village!
mm
^- NOW PLAYING
hiyvg >x i\r nY I'vL _¥ r
ki
' I
- -J / ^ “ifni
Sujitdayi November ‘8, 1942
Boilermaker Sports
Page A
Hoosiers Win State Distance Meet; Riveters Third
SixthAnnualAquacade ^ports CommuniqueO Rapidly Takes Form BvBobHadiey .O
Ollie Hunter Of Notre Dame First; Duesler Of Riveters Takes Fourth
I By Clint Sowards
With the grand premier of the sixth annual aquacade less than a month in the future, Dec. 4 and 5, Coach and “Angel” f*apenguth of the Boilermaker affairs concerning the aquatics on the Boilermaker campus, is beginning to open the throttle of his squad of water babies toward what will be, if any precedent is followed at all, the most hilarious time the Fieldhouse has’ lioused since Papenguth
put on the’ last Aquacade, a
year ago this month.
Practically everything that it is possible to do with less than an acre of pool will be a part of this coming waterfest. The entire Boilermaker swimming ifequad, and the Triton club coached by Miss Russell will make up the greatest part of the paiticipants in the affair; but they are by fai not the only famous swimmers to be in
the swim.
Patty Aspinall, 16 years old woin-anrVAA’U-breSststioke champ, will
return to,the pool to demonstrate at practicallj' eveiy Naval prethe breaststroke types of water loco- officer tiaining center will be: motieffi in three different ways; the breath contiol under watei, the
way It was done some twenty'odd years ago, the piesent lacing method and the flying breaststioke. (Miss Aspinall stays in the water at all times during hei peiformance.) Diving Demonstration Deluxe More I'egalty in the lealm of swimming will'get under way fiom the spring boaid when Earl Claike, cohfeience diving champ of two seasons ago fiom Ohio State, and T-Bone' Mai tin, last season’s conference diving champ from Michigan team up at the west end of the
piiol oh the “boaids ”
In the way of a genuine novelty events a Laboiador Reti lever dog owned by Dr. Swezey of Lafayette, wilTgo on a chase in the pool after a live mallard duck, and if recent performances aie a good base foi
remark, the duck will be retr'ieved, unharmed and delivered to the Laborador’s master. This event is
guaranteed not a “quack.” Tritons And Glee Club Too
Also far from being a demonstration of ordinary water antics will be the water ballets done by the Triton Club, accompanied by the Uiiiveisity Glee Club; and a demonstration of Red Cross life saving techniques will be put on by the male members of the cast, probably a few unique dr ownings will also be featured. Something taken from the practices of swimming classes
construction of a human bridge, and what might be called a few “swim-
mando” tactics. ' Coach Has That Look
A couple other events that will add a thrill or two to the program will be an attempt for the woild 50 yard breaststroke record by Roy Hiedke, Boilermaker swimrnei who has come surprisingly close to said record in practices; and then there will be the comic section, those remembering the antics of Joe Williamson last year know they are definitely undescribably funny, and what’s more Coach Papenguth has been eating some high powered brealdast cei cal lor some time now. Papenguth himself may let down his hair come Aquacade and then foam
IS sure to fly.
ifk'kii-k'k-kirk-kirk-klrk-k-\-k'k-k'kickl^ I' Olan Mills Stodio | (Distinctive Portraiture) r’*;* East Stale i it (ttv t«To«.,pltone 3413 sf -k 1 -
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
ALLE SCHOOL OF DAWCBNCi CLASS DANtE INSTRUCTION FOR STUDENTS OF PURDUE Beginner’s, Wednesday, November 11th 7:30 P. M. Advanced, Thursday, November 12th . _w I f Ferry Sts. Lafayette ENROLL NOW PHONE 2150 ,:
miemiMC.
Another long weary Saturday afternoon in West Lafayette, Ind., has drawn to a close. Again the Boilermakers have bobbed up on the short— very short—end of a football score. f/ None of the 15,000 or so fans in<attendance had any doubt as to the.^r outcome after the first series of plays. The Riveters were fqcipg a' ^ gang of heavier, faster, more powerful and more experienced opp'o- 7 nents. They knew it . . . but they fought the Sailors right up until^ the final gun echoed through the emptying stadium as the late after.;, noon gloom deepened. ' Yesterday the Boilermakers took a worse licking that u. Boilermaker team has had to undergo in' niany, many years. But they came Back battling after every score and smashfed their way thrqttgh the Bluejackets' 218-lb. line and passed over it to nearly equal the winners’ records of 10 first downs. After netting'exactly one (l);yard from rushing in the first half they came back to complete four pasges for 60 yards, carrying them as far into Navy territory as til's'd;(>''hefore the Sailors’ defense against air attack clicked and they tookvOy^r the ball. The thing that caused the score to mount to the a^ti^pnontjl^al proportions of 42-0, was just the fact that the Great Lt^es ba^s, once having shaken loose from their tacklers, were hard'to catch behiltidi
the screen of blockers that immediately formed.
Most of the glum group that populated Ross-Ade Stadium yesterday are wondei ing how the Gi eat Lakes team ever lost a game, particularly to Michigan State, the Boilermakers’ next opponents. The answer is
very simple.
Hoosiers Scuttle Gophers' Chances In Conference Race Minneapolis, Nov. 7 — Indiana knocked Minnesota, the defending Big Ten champions, out of any chance for a share in the 1942 title by defeating the Gophers, 7 to 0, today on a touchdown scored with only three and a half minutes left to
play in the contest.
The trusty right arm of Billy Hillenbrand turned"T;he trick for the Hoosiers. The stage was set for Hillenbrand’s tosses when Bob Cowan intercepted a Minnesota pass on the 60 yard line and lan it back 25
it IS the same one that 'answers the questions of how
Ed Cycenas
Iowa beat Wisconsin or how Indiana beat Minnesota . . . there ju^J^jisn’t any." Tii-ouf humble estimatrorr. Great liakes" could beat any team in the countiy that they really set out to beat, with the possible exception of the Iowa Pre-Flight team. When their juggernaut starts to roll, we can’t see how any college team now in opeiation could stop it. Things don’t seem to be looking up too much for the Rivetei;s in , their last two games. Playing next week the team that, according to scores, is two touchdowns better than a team that smacked them 42-0, is a sad ouHook. Winding up the season against the Hoosiers— who yesterday toppled the Gophers, who beat Michigan, who beat Illinois, who beat Iowa, tvho beat Indiana ... oh, well—is going to be
no picnic.
Turning to somewhat happier topics. Dolphin and Triton Clubs, aided and abetted by Coach Dick Papenguth, arc presenting their annual Aquacade on December 4 and 5 with a special show foi the USO planned for Sunday, December 6. The show, one of the best of its type in collegiate circles in the countiy, has become a fixture on the campus, and this year piomises more than evei in swimming feats and comedy. The Glee Club will join the performance under the direction of A1 Stewart to provide a musical background for under-water rollerskating, Roy Heidke’s attempt to crack the world record in the breast stroke and all the other stellar acts that are being planned for this
year’s Aquacade.
Hopes For A Rose Bowl Tilt Rise
The guessing can start again, They’re going to play the Rose Bowl game at Pasadena again next New Year’s day, all things lemaining
equal.
The Associated Press learned from an unimpeachable source lecently that, while formal application for permission to play has not yet been acted on by the army, thei e IS no objection to the 29th renewal of the classic, oldest and most famous of post-season bowl games.
The souice cannot be named, and there was no comment from the
aimy.
Last year’s contest, coming in the midst of huge military pieaparations on the west coast, was moved to Durham, N. C., where Oregon State defeated Duke, 20 to 16. This year’s game, as is every other civilian activity, is subject to cancellation at the aimy’s discre-
tion.
Hillenbrand To The Front, Again After gaining six yards, Hillenbrand shot a pass which Pete Pihos took off his shoe tops as he fell on the 8 yard stripe. Billy then tossed another pass to Pihos who caught it on the Gopher 5 and where he was immediately tackled. But Pihos wriggled free, regained his balance and sped over the goal line. Lou Saban kicked the extra
point.
With slightly more than three minutes left, the Gophers made a leal bid to tie the score after Indiana had kicked off out of bounds With Bill Daley and Dick Luckemeyer throwing the ball, the Gopheis advanced 55 yards to the Hoosier 10 yard line, when the gun ended the game. Earlier m the game, Herman Fiickey ran a punt back 57 yards to the Hoosier 13. Minnesota advanced to the Indiana one yard line, but a pass from center went wide and resulted in a 12 yard loss. Minnesota had the edge in the statistics, scoimg to 11 fiist downs to eight for Indiana, making 156 yards by rushing to the Hoosiers 124, and 91 yaids forward passing to 78 for the Hoosieis. Bill Daley, injured twice before this year, again was banged up a bit and played only the last thiee minutes of the second half, t It was Minnesota’s second loss in four conference games and the firs*' win for Indiana in three starts.
Clean Out Those Moths!
Help
Buy
Northwestern at Vine
America!
defense bonds .^^nd stamps.
^iiiielp Yourself! Have your winter clothes cleaned by the reliable and efficient
cleaners
Phone 4081
Cross countiy fans from Indiana University were given a thrill yesterday morning when the Hoosier cross country squad added another red star to their already perfect season of efoSs country contests by winning the State cross country title in the State cross country meet held on the campus of Butt^ University, in Indianapolis. The Hoosiers won the meet with a score of 28 points, the Irish
of Notre Dame copped second position with 52 points and the Boilermakers took a close third with 53 points. Coach Phillips’ Boilermakers were the defending State champs. The meet got under way at 11 a. m. with a steady drizzle of rain falling. Sixty-one men competed in the run from the five entries in the Big State part of the meet, and the six Little State entries com-
bined.
Entries in the Big State meet included Indiana, Notre Dame, Wabash, Ball State, and the Boilermakers. Little State entries included Wabash, Ball State, Butler, Earlham, Indiana State Teachers, and DePauw. 'The races were run simultaneously. Ollie Hunter Individual Winner Ollie Hunter of Notre Dame was the individual winner of the three and three-quarter mile event in the time of 17:34, flat. Earl Mitchell and Tom Judge, two Hoosiers, took second and third places, respective]^, and Charlie Duesler of the Boilermakers copped fourth place in the meet, with the time of 17:59. Hunter, the winner of the event, has not yet been beaten in competition this season, although last seasqn both Ed Hoi del man, Riyeter, who won the contest last season, and Fred Wilt of Indiana crossed the finish line in front of Hunter. Earl Mitchell Earl Mitchell of Indiana, who took second in the meet, this season transferred to Indiana from Butler where he was on the varsity distance squad. The race yesterday whs run over the ground where he had tramed for the two previous yeats. However, the lanky Indianian came in a long hundred and fifty yards behind Hunter and thus going down to his first defeat of the season. In the Little State end of the race, Butler took first honors from tlie defending champions from Earlham college. Two schools, Ball State and Wabash, had entries in'both the Big and Little State parts' of the meet. Next Monday mornirig in Chicago, the Boilei-makers and the Hoosiers again meet in the Big Ten conference run which is scheduled to take place in Washington Park. Indiana IS, dope bucketing, the favorite, with the defending champions, the Boilermakers, and Ohio State as possible dark horses.
. Riveter halfback with an eye for pass receivers Ed completed three to Smerke in the last half of the Riveter-Sailor
tilt here yesterday.
Big Frank
. . . Ruggieri, acting captain of the Boilermakers in the grid battle with the-sailors from Great Lakes, whose sturdy play in the line was an obstacle deluxe to numerous Sailor backs. Michigan Cage Team
Opens Practice
Ann Arbor, Mich., Nov. 5—Capt. J'im Mandler and 23 other candidates for Michigan’s 1942-’43 basketball team have started daily practices under the direction of As-
sistant Coach El me McCoy.
The Wolverines, who tied for seventh in the Big Ten race last year, have high hopes of entering the title contention this winter. Among the othei veterans now dulling aie Mel Comm, Bill MacConnachie, Leo Doyle, Robert Gibeit, Moiiie Bikoff and Wally
Spieep
Coach Ecrnie Oosteibaan will
Qomsb doiviL amL mpif
i
JtksL joomphJjL, modsMc
pmiiJtisA. iJm.
BOWLING ALLEYS JkiL fiju/uiuk. W.muydaL lAmmc Just take a watk Jhrough the building!
Game Story (Continued from page 1) Riveter halfback, who returned the ball to the 33-yard line. Berto made a fine interception of one of Smith’s passes, but the Riveters could not make the required yardage, so Stram was forced to kick as the
quarter ended.
Belichick And Smith Lead Drive This time Belichick teamed with Smith to carry the ball to the Boilermaker three yard line where Belichick went over for the second marker. Nelson again came in and kicked the extra point, making the scorfe
take ovei dii ection of the squad at 14-0. On the following kick-off, Anthe end of the football season. dietich fumbled momentarily, but
the leferee ruled tha,t his knee had touched the ground, giving the Riveters the ball first and ten on their own thiee. After Bachmann had gained eight yards, Stram kicked to
the 33 yard line.
On thud down Heffernan’s pass was Intel cepted by Stram behind thfe goal line on a daring play. Taking the ball at full speed “Hurrying Henry” leturned to the 19 yard linp. Two plays later Belichick intercepted Andy Berkley’s pass and rah over unmolested for the third score. Again Nelson’s conversion was good. I After only one minutje and 35 seconds had elapsed in the second half, the Bluejackets again with Andeison running straight down the sidelines from the touchdown after inteicepling Strum’s pass in the fiat. Nelscn a gain converted making the
scoie 28-0.
Touchdowns by Smith and Kmetovick completed the scoring for the Sailozs. Incidentally Nelson kicked all seven of the extra points.
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES QuaKty BAKERY1 c
'4'^
■» HfVi \‘'4^’'V*^'i "" J ^ V-
N :5J *ii.
SUMcy, Nimmbdrfii
k.<
[kh^ Butanty Peck Speaks At finkl SDX Hofc/s lal/k D/ VVar Session Of livestock Reception h Russia Nutrition Conference For Duranty
SjTL OhSL
Allfhor Tells Of Soviet 6l4iwtli Since War I fiy Charlotte Hass Givitig a compreheasive atSmtmary of the background khd development of the conr t^rilpotary Russian situation, Walter iDuranty, foreign news fcorrespondent, lectured last t^iday night in the Music Hall on the subject *‘On the SideHnes of Eastern Europe” Duranty evaluated such men as Lanin, Trotsky and Stalin with moie fiankness than is cus topiaiiiy done by writeis and speak eis, and expressed thiougl^ut his talk, extreme optimism ^^aiding present condition of ‘'The Russians aie Simple ehil dren," ventured the New York TlHias coi 1 espondent “with little education, but a g-ieat eagerness to Ifearn ” When the Bolsheviks came into powei and spread the ideas of iljddfetrialization, education and so cialiiation of the countiy, it was rather a mattei of the blind leading the blind, foi few of the leaders ware highly educated But the sys tem worked because the past was discredited by a negligent, coiiupt clergy, while the new officeis piom ised secuiity and hope Condition Of State Capitalism Tlie use of Bolshevism caused a condition of “state capitalism to develop which Duianty explained wa^ a combination of some of oui freedoms with government owiiei ^hip of pioperty “Russians aie paid variable salaiies depending up op the work that they do as in this cppiitry, but no one is allowed to make any business piofits, foi it is the state which suffeis all losses ahd accepts all pi ofits ’ the speakei emphasized With this backgiound the lec tuiei then answeied the tommon question, “Why aie the Russians holding out so long against the Gei maiis^” To a perplexed gioup of pejsons confused bj the various stones lead in newspapeis Duianty made the answer seem lelativelj simple For a long time Russian leaders had expected an invasion fibm Geimanj , so years before they began pjepaiing Laige wai essen tial plants weie built outside the range of immediate attack and so today, the part of Russia which the Germans have captuied does not contain vitaj ammunitions factories pr othei necessaiy manutactiuing establishments Value Of Propaganda ^Ijen, he said, the ministei of propaganda had played a most iin portant pait By planning ladio programs, stage plays and writing articles and distiibutiiig them to the public, the idea that an inva sion was coming was stiessed, and though Germany was not mentioned dueetly she was accepted to be the enemy So by the time that Gei many actually did invade the vast country, the people wei e i eady Life m the Russian mihtaij seiv ice, before the war was geneialh bettei than conditions in civilian Me This luied many young boys into the army where they were im bued with lespeet foi then leaders indoctrinated with an intense loyal ty for their countir and trained for high efficiency Reason For Finnish Invasion Besides miJitaiy political and m dustiial preparedness Stalin has made one othei step in leadiiiess foi the German invasion that was the incorporation of the smallei eoun tlies aiound Russia which might constitute a menace if undei Nazi control In legaid to the amount ol fighting it took to win ovci Finland Duranty attiibuted the Russian struggle to then ovei confidence ‘‘iSatuially when Stalin lealized the situation, he ordeied iiioie tioops to ,the ftorit, and it took exactly 17 days to break the Maiineiheim line In considciing the piescnt battle over Stalingrad Duiantj was quick to announce that Russian morale vyas now at its peak then tianspoi tation facilities which weit made quate have the advantage oi neai ness to supplies and coupled with the coiiespondinglj declining Gci inai) nioiale the situation is most
hopeful
War Over In 1944 Suipiising most oi his audience 111 the question and answei discus 8ion which followed the foi mal talk Duianty expressed his views towaid the length of the wai bj saying “The Germans will not be able to held out moie than this wintei in Russia The land which thej have conqueied has been of little utility to them, and then own supplies ait getting low In my estimation this wai in Russia will be ovei in 1941 jvhpn the Geiniaiis tan no longei Stiuggle tlnougli aiiotlui cold win fiei Pei haps It will end sooiKi than
that,”
Speaking befoie moie than 150 pel son^ attending the final sessions of the third aniiUgl two day Live stock Nutiition Coiifeience at the Univeisity, Lyman Peck secietaiy of the nutrition committee of the Ameiican Feed Manufactuieis As socigtion Inc stated “The fiist and loiemosf pioblem of the mixed feed industiy is to cooperate with oui goveinments request foi moie meat milk and eggs—to assist the pioduceis of these vital pioducts to step up production and at the same time to do it as efficiently as possible to avoid wa§te Industry Faces Three Pioblems Discussing the problems of the feed industiy, he pointed put that the mam ones weie educating feedeis to leahze the economy of pioperly balanced lations, and car lying this message to the faimeis despite the handicaps of lubbei shoitage and ggaphne rationing Research Valuable “The mixed feed indpstiy owes much to the reseai cli woi k conduct ed iij the agricultuiaj colleges and expel iment stations All good com meieial feeds and concentiates aie based upon voui leseaich and our own ” he leported Wbf BoVid Caravan To Vidt Lafayette At Noon Tomorrow Wai Bond Vietoiy Caiavan spon soied by the wai savings staff in Indianapolis will visit Lafayette tomoiiow as one of the stops on its two weeks’ toui of Indiana duiing which time it will visit 62 towns and cities The caiavan will loll into the comt house squaie at 11 a m and fiom then till 1 will sell Wai Stamps and Bonds to townspeople and stu
dents
This caravan, designated the “Victoiy Cqiavan is made up of fifty units of niotpiized equipment and one bundled and fifty men ol the 789th battalion of mihtaiy po lice, including a ciack dull team platoon Mechanized equipment in action will be the keynote of the piogiam backed up by precision militaiv dulls using the new manual of aims Also included in then new equip ment will be the ‘ walkie talkie field communication system Glee Club Quartets To Sing At 'E' Award In Decatur Seveial faculty membeis and a double quaitet fioin the Univcisity Glee Club will be in Decatui to moirow to take pait in the E awa>d made by the Aiiny and Navy to the Cloverleaf Cieameiies foi being the fiist food piocessing plant m the nation to leach the pioduc tion goals set eaily in the year Albeit P Stewait choial diiectoi will duectcommunity singing at the Plogiam in the Decatui high school and also at a dinnei in the evening at Foit Wayne and the following membeis of the Glee Club will sing at both places William E Moigan Aithui Jackliii Bob King Fiank Hopf William Rothenbeigei Paul Hailing ton Robeit E Myeis and Joseph Riehaids with David Simp son as accompanist Plot H W Giegoiy head of the daily depaitment and E T Wai lace oi the daily extension staff will lepiesent the Univeisity at the community celcbiation of the event
Journalist Discusses European Travels Ovei thiity membeis and guests of Sigma Delta Chi, national jour nahstic fiateipity, Walter Duranty Fiiday night at a leception dmnei m the Union The dinner was held iminediately befoie Duiaiity's appearance m the Music Hall con
vocation
Duranty, globe ti ottmg wi itei of the New York Times foi a quaitei of a eentuiy was honoied as a fel low journalist by the society He spoke fieely at the dinnei of his widespiead tups covering the news in England Russia the Balkans and the lest of Euiope He also discussed his most recent tiip to Russia and
the far east
Expresses Opinions
Asked several questions by the journalists, Duranty expiessed his well founded opinions on seveial matters relating to Euiope and the Woild Wai II He advised that un less the Gei mans go down under a very hard beating, it will take years to lemove the Nazi influence that has been pounded into Gei man youth The educational piocess will piobably be a slow one and some foim of aiiny of occupation will be
needed though small
Confirms Sabotage Reports Commenting on lepoits of sab otage issuing fiom Fiance and Gei man occupied ten itoiy Duianty stated that the lepoits weie un doubtedh tiue and that the move ment was bound to acceleiate be cause of the self confidence of the people and the piodding repn=als of the tonqueiois Sabotage and in teinal stiife movements may be come stiong enough to oveithiow even Geimanj theie beino a stiong undei ground communist movement
in existence today
Recently Designated Agriculturist Week
Hillel Foundation 619 S6uth Hmth St, 6 p 11(1 —Supper at Hfflel House 7 30 p m —Convocation at Eliza Fowler Hall The speak;er will be Piesiderft Clyde Wildman of De Pauw University West Lafayette Baptist Church 9 30 a m AH classes meet in Cynthia Jones Hall 9 30 a m Roger Williams class Pi of A A Smith will be the teach er Thei e will be an election of class
officers
10 30 a m Chmch Woiship Sei vice in Cynthia Jones Hall The mes sage will he given by Rev Joseph Baud Gleason on “Living Reveient ly” Aithur Jacklin, the chuich organist wil) play special numbeis The chon, under the duection of Mrs A r Puce, will sing “Holy Alt Thou,” and the "Largo” by Handel Immediately after the woi ship serv ice the entire gioup of Rogei Wil hams Foundation students will have then pictuies taken at the east dooi of the chuich Please tiy to be theie 5 30 p m Rogei Williams Foun dation Fellowship Horn 6 00 p 111 Suppei, 15 cents 6 ^0 p nv Thei e will be an election ol officeis and announcements At 7 30 the entue gioup will go in n body to hear Piesident Wildman at b ow lei Hah Lambeli Will Speak To ASME Tuesday P W Lambeli Resident Inspector foi the Biitish Air Commission of the Allison Division of Geneial Mo toi s Coipoiation will discuss ‘The Tiend of Auciaft Engine Design at the next ASME meeting which w ill be held at 7 30 p m next Tues day in loom 108 of the Mechanical Engineeiing building All cn,,ineci& aie invited to at tend this meetin„
Shvitt Plays For Pe^p tUilly In Union By ^ecky Cgylor Seveial bundled students swainjed into the Union Friday hight to listen to the music of Jan Savitt and his Jop Hatters who furnished the music for the pep lally The pep session was held in fiont of the Union in a neaily vain at tempt to get more coeds to attend Seveial new yells weie tried out by cheei leader Bruce Adams, in eluding the engineers’ yell and the Puidue Chant Speakers of the evening wei^ie Mel Taube and acting captain foi Satin day’s game, Ed Ruggieii The pep session also featuied some tumbling stunts by Ed Gruis and Dave Moi
iison
High spot of the evening came with the music of Savitt, who made a hit with the ciowd which was com posed mostly of eds by giving out the phone numbei of the band’s featuied vocalist The Top Hatters played seveial populai tunes foi the mob which thronged the Union Among the songs were sUch favorites as the “Jersey Bounce" ‘Praise the Lord and Pass the Ammunition ” and “Amen ” These numbers in the Sweet Swing of Savitt weie a leal ti eat to the ci owd
Begins Tomorrow Mojonnier Confers
This week has been designated as Vguculturist veek duiing which time the Puidue Agiiculturist staff will launch a subsciiption diivc The magazine which is printed and edited by agiicultuial students gives infoimation concerning the pimciples of scientific agiieultuie as well as vaiious othei subjects The aitides pimted m the maga zine aie compiised of campus nevs news ot agiicultuial alumni in the aimed foices featuie aitides oi woik being earned on in various de paitments and faculty news of th School ot Agiieultuie The magazine has been published longei than any othei agiicultuial college magazine this being the thiity seventh yeai of existence Esther Greiner Laiayette school muse will jnesent a talk in the senes oi bettei homes bioadcasts ovei WBAA at 1 oO p m tomonow entitled What We Can Do in the Home to Pievcnt Accidents and Illness
PATRONI/E EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
With Ag Staff
J J Monjonniei of Chica^ o au thoiitv on food dehydiation and in ventoi of one of its piocesses was on campus Fiiday afternoon to con fei wjth membeis oi the agiieul tuidl staff on the University s ic seaich pio^iam m legaid to food
dehydration
Meeting with Mojonmpi w ere rep lescntatives oi the University dairy poultij agricultural chemistry agiicultuial engineering and home economies depditmeiit|
Coed Hours As announced by the AWS .^u dieial Board yesterdaj coed flours Mjll be as follows for the dates specified Nov 25 12 midnight, I’Vom 3am, Sophomore Cotil lion lam
If You Want Good Work On Your Garments SEE jOrS TAILOR SHOP STATE & CHAUNCEY
SCOBEE’S
\oui f unily and Irieiuls want it—business often demands it— so Invc that new portrait made today The few minutes required will be well spent PHONE 2343 105 NOR 1HWEST ERN AVE
Crown Cleaned Clothes Take High Honors.::on the Campus! Smart Co-eds are wisely using Crown Cleaning Service for added glamour. — HAVE (XOTHES CROWN CLEANED REGULARLY — I » Crown Laundry FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES Top of the Hill —^ On the Corner
Notices
Reserve Officers All students hoIdin„ c mm sions in the Ori,ani/od Reserve Corps report to the A ljutant in the Armory aa soon as convcnici t RIORDAN Navy V 7 Juniois ana seniors whb are a scmblint pipers supporting their lequcst foi enlistment in V 7 who are under 21 >ears of age must submit three copies of parents consent pioperly notarized Copies of this form (Navy 400) may be obtained at my office KNAPP PouJtry Science Club 'Ihcrc is to be a very important meeting November 1*^ Lv oryone interested in poultry is uiged to attend —BOOKER Phi Lambda Upsilon Meeting for elec lion of pledges postponed Date will be an n unced later —MAIER Exponent Seniors Those desiring gold k ys should stc me —GJEMRE Pistol Team Tryoyts The following stu dents aic re lucstcd to report at the Armory t 4 1 m M lay Novcmbci 9 to try out f r the pistol tonm J B Schlossberg W P Stevenson W T Buschmann E Usdin R W Deightj B G Harmon J M How rl D Bodkin S Gulhckscn and J M i carson —BROWN Gimlet Club Pa Idle 1 v arrived ml m y ic obtainc I from nc by coming t ihc I hi Pi house it any time FRASER
Fraternity Rtish Chairman Cary Hall lush is poW opeh/ H6wevt!i' men cannot bo pledged until second semester ^ —WILCOX Arpha Phi Omegas Ihe annual banquet will 1)^ held Sunday Nov 14 For reserva tions and particulars see or call Kuck 261 SW dary Hull immediately —BENDER All Women Swimmers Beginning ballet gioup will practice every Monday at 4 30 p m All interested come then Advanced group will practice every Thursday at 5 p m —JOHNSON SCA Members The rcgulai board meet ing will be held Tuesday November 10 at 7 30 p m An invitation is extended to all SCA members to listen to oui sponsor Doan Ooldbijnith and to take part in the discussion that will follow Please be prompt —MOGAVERO All Mole Students Fnlistmcnts in the Lnlisted Reserve Coips of th Army closes on Decembei 11 1)42 If you dtsiie a enlist and have not yet applied your appli cation should be placed immediately in Room B4 in the basement of the Armor> —GRAHAM All rreshman Men Entiles for the Bev ciidgc Speech Contest must be made before 5 o clock Wednesday November 11 For full details on the cotnest see your house debate manager oi call at the Forensic otlicc room 386 of the Dnioi any week day between 4 and 6 p m —ROSb Tau 'Beta Pi Meeting poslp ned ui til lUGsday November 10 at 7 80 p m in room 263 of the Union It is veiy important that all members be present —YOUNGBLOOD Sept Oct Code Group Qualification Cer Lifieates may be obtained in the S ipply Room in the Armory by those stud lUs of the SepUmbei October Code Gioup that qualified at G w p m or better . —HESrLR^LRG Skull and Crescent Picnic will be held Tuesday November 10 Meet at the Phi Delta Iheta house at 7 p m SPRIGC S E and R Student rellowship There will be a meeting fiom to 7 i m bund y Nov 8 at the residence of Dr Lilil er 514 Wai droll Rev Harold Nelson of Indianaiohs will talk and lead a discussion < n Long range Peace Objectives Light jjupptr will be served with cost shared Lits n cre isc the attcr dance —STOECKLL Riflery All tills must hive ix rifltiy practices e impleted within the i ext two veol s Mak ut ijacticeson Mon I ly t iCo day or flu rsday niglits WILBUR ASML Mcotmt ruesdi y Novtmbei 10 loom 108 of the Mechanical Buildmt Mr L mbell ot the Brit sh Air Commi sion on The Ircnd of Airciaft Entinc Dcsitn
LLOYD
Roger Williams I oundation I icture f ml re To dation to be t ikon immo hat ly ifter the Church Serv ee S mlay Novem ber 8 1912 SCHUMACHLR Roger Williams roundaiion Meet u n Cynthi I June Hall f the Sunday scivee for the next two weeks Immediately iftei the sGiviec a rhotogiiih will be taken f the members and friend f tl Fiun iati n OSIERWII D Triton Club Retul i lect t 1 s lay at 30 Plcisc attci (i very imj itint BRAWNL Nc\vman Club Iheie vill be no bre ikf st after the 9 30 Mass Sundaj BRAWNL Lutheran Students Movies I ol ind 1 n at the home of Mr d Mrs Kreft 4K3 Littlctoi btieet 30 \ m Sunday No vembei 8 WALI ACL
Alpha Lambda Delta Siufce tfi^ dinner % honor of distinguished WRH students Jw Tuesday evening the Alpha I ambdn Del® meeting will be at 8 80 in ^Uth Uvihff room Mr Barney SbhmWt will Exponent Editorial Staff Staff for Monday night Nov 9 Night Lditor Wolf D^y Editor Hass Issue Editor Richdrason Proof Sommer Speck Horak ^ Regular Monday night gang New schedule with sophomore night editors will be posted Tuesday in oifice •—ARMSTRONG Bidlogical Society There wiU a Irt^t ing of all members at 4 p rt Monday Nw 9 in room 111 Stanley Coultor Hail to consider revisions in the society organiaati9n ao well as future activities i —HARTS^JL^i ^ Surveying Students An exan^ination removal of C guides in C E 6 Will be held in Room 101 C E buildin at 1 p ih Satin day Nov 14 Permits must bQ oJj tamed in room 102 before Fnddy Nov I'S
—LOMMLL
Poultry Science Club Professor E L
Blitz will ««peak Thursday October 12 kt
30 p m His subject is The Buts of the
P iltrv Industry All students interested in poultry are urged to attend This meot-
will be in room 212 of the Union
—BOOtCER
All Students There are still some Um vcrsity Dnectorica left As long gs the ‘Ipp ply lasts any student who has not already ibtained a copy may get ppe by palling the R€L.istrars office and presenting his passport —RALPH B STONE Registrar Skull and Crescent Paddles are in Pick them up at Tau Epsilon Phj ,
—JACOBS
Radio Club Meeting Wednesday NoV 11 at 7 30 i> m in room <kol the E)B Builjinf The Director of the WaKlJmergenoy Ba^in
Systems will he the piineipal speaker All interested persons are invited to attend i
—PREVMAN
Military Ball Committee Meeting M(,fn day Nov i) in North Ballroom ot ihe Union ut 1 10 p m Bo sure to hrrttg sibeib —JACKSON Purdue Players Meet dt west stage dour M ibic Hall at 7pm Tuesday Nov 40 for tour —ZlbSlS Gimlet Club Important dinner racet»A(t Tu sday night Nov 10 at 6 p m at the Sigma Nu house — PRASEB
Serivencis Me I i g 30 11 room 312 of tl bring manubeni tb A Ph A Ther w II meeting Monday Nov
the Plaimaey B Id ng
bun 1 y igl I at Unioi Cm ai d
DRAY
n 1 ni rta t r om 30() of 30HMANN
Classified Ads
Money to lopn on diamonas watphea guni Iugi,age typewriters Alberts Loan Dfflde#
407 Columbia
Tjiicwriters—Adding inacnincp aR mgke^ sold rented repaired and purchased ograph work done C J Ebershoff 605 Main Lafayette Phone 2779 anted—Student t b ar1 for cvcnlUo nc lb 110 S Grant St Phone 46782 lo t—CiLstc i rii J, in the vicinity of btuirt Field Reward Roy Cocis 46371 Curriers Wanted—Apply at Exponent Of I c r ph nc 3053 Abk for Kloumnn Young lady foi full time or minimum half time a istunt bookkeeping position Apply at Southworth b mornings Young man f)i fill time or minimum half time shipping and stock room work Apply Soithwoiths morning^
Sophomore Debris W rkers Ih i v; be n impoitipt meti u I all oj h rn Debrib rkcr 1 i 1 v N mb i 10 i 30 1 m n the Debris Woikbhop KUULI
t DOES YOUR PEN LEAK? Expert Repair Service SOUTHWORTH'S
THE CANDID CAMERA COLUMN OF POLITICAL NEW^ AND COMMENT
mmm MERRY-ao-ROUNI
p OR a clear and convincing picture of the ew|t of notional and foreign affairs, look to The ington Merry-Go-Round. You'll find in this column of report, interpretotion ond character-sketch tiie salient and simply put and authentic facts you wont to know—and, in these days, need to know, fou'il find out who's who back of the ballyhoo, tlie influences underlying issues, previews of news in th* making, diagnoses of developments. The Wasnin^ten Merry-Go-Round oppears
DREW PEARSON
THE PTRDIJE EXPDlVEiT
r