$m Up E){C, Draft Siiuation Declares Student Status Unaltdrad President Elliott, on campus yesterday, directly from his Washington office in the War Manpower Commission, spoke concerriing Secretary of War Stimson’s statement concerning the induction of all college men over 20 years of age not in special military courses or already enrolled in the naval reserves. Dr, Elliott summed* up what he described as his “opinion now, which might be different next week” in three statements. They are, in effect: ,<1) Secretary Stimpson’s statement does not change the situation in ^ny respei^t except to dictate that the progress of recruiting of manpower will be speeded up to meet the^ military necessities of war. (2) It is to the advantage of every student to sign up immediately for one of the reserves. The student who is signed up will be ^iven the preferred status. (3) The alloeation of trained men of ability between the war production services and the mirttary service is a difficult problem to be solved. Some plan will be worked out whereby necessary engineers will be procured. A > possible one is a large scale enrollment of women in the engineering schools. Newman Club Holds First Of Breakfast Meetings Today Newman Club for Catholic students will hold the first of its monthly breakfast meetings for the fall semester today immediately after the 9:30 mass in St. Mary’s church. Sipce the Debris picture will be taken at this time, all Catholic Students are urged to attend. Freshmen will be especially welcome and all those attending will be given the opportunity to meet the chapTalh atid officers club. Those ,who wish to take an active part. in club business will be assigned to committees at the first meeting and future activities of the organization will be discussed. Father Columban of Saint Elizabeth’s hospital will give a short talk to the group following the business meeting. All who wish to join the gtfoup may do so before the breakfast. Dues for the semester will be $1. Exponent Staff ^Work sbhedtfles of editorial freshmen and sophomores are now posted in the office. Please report as scheduled or arrange for substitute—ARMSTRONG
Established 1889
N"-
Hit Hirohito
ERC Status
Vorume 55, Ko. 9
4af'ayeff'e, litdrjnn
Sonny Dunham Stfiffllfl d Gdiilan Speaks
At Convo, Dancf “
Suhadiy, September IS, 1942 Officers Wifi Speak
At Corwo Oct 14
Students Must Purchase W^ar Stamps To Obtain Convocation Tickets
Sonny Dunham and his orchestra will provide the music for the second in the series of Union Big Name Band dances to»be held next Friday night from 8:30 to 11:30 in both ballrooms of the Union. > Immeditaely preceding the dance, between the hours of 7 and 8, Dunham and his orchestra will play for a special con- — ^ vocation to be held in the Mu-
Soecial War Classes Begin In Two Weeks
In order to acquaint fully all students and faculty of the University with the several Enlisted Reserves, five officers of the armed forces, representing the major service divisions, will appear on a program in the Music Hall on October 14 at
7:30 p. m.
Each of the officers composing this joint Army-Navy procurement board will speak for 15
Strickland Gillilan, nationally known humorist, author and speaker, will appear at 3 this mmutes explaining the Enlisted afternoon in the Hall of Music to present his lecture, “Let’s Laugh As We Eight”. Doors will ^^^^e^pg^^gggnted^are^the^ open at 2:30 and 'admission to the semester’s opening convo will be by cashier’s receipt. ^rmy Air Corpus the Na^' Gillilan, until recently a member of the White House Correspondents Association, has Naval Aviation and the Marine sic H^ll, Admission to the con- spent his recent years in Washington, and knows by experience the ins and outs of the na- Corps,
vocation will be by tickets tional capital. He attended all the press conferences given by Presidents Coolidge, Hoover,* Officers To Stay Two Days
Hurnorist Will Discuss 'Laugh As We Fight' In Music Hall; Students Musi Show Receipt
which will be given to each purchaser of fifty cents worthof defense stamps during the
coming week.
Stamps will be on sale at the booth outside the Sweetshop, at Cary Halls and at the Cashier’s Office, but Union officials empha-
^ , r ' ^ ' sizte the fact that it is the ticket War ti’aining classes to meet the -ysrhich accompanies the stamps and uigent needs of industry and the not the stamps themselves which armed forces for trained technical -will permit admission to the convo.
and supervisory manpower will
University To Sponsor Stste-WMe Courses
Business To Hold Callout Tomorrow Exponent Urges Soph Eds, Coeds To Atfepd
and Roosevelt and has been given prominence in Kiplinger’s “Washington Is Like
That”.
As .a writer, Gillilan has reached prominence for his humorous poems which he as composed during his forty or more years as a traveling laughmonger. He h^s published eight volumes of poems including, “Finnigin,” his first, offered over 45 years ago; “In-
New Course Offered To Junior, Senior Enlisted Reservists
Tentative arrangements have been made for the officers to remain for two days to meet with groups of students in the Union to answer all questions they have to ask. No actual applications for enlistment in the Enlisted Reserve will be sought by the representatives. Recruiting officers for the services represented will come to the Uni-
versity at a later date.
Appearing on the program will
op6n in more than 60 Indiana cities during the next two weeks, under
• i. . j! Ti • -A j Sion tickets costing
the auspices of the University and the United States office of educa-
tion.
“War production will require approximately 9,000,000 additional workers during the coming year, most of whom will be women and
All sophomore students interested in working for the Business
Defense Stamp Convo
Season tickets or single admis-
,66 per couple staff of the Exponent are urged to
will be honored at the dance, but attend the first callout to be held the convo will require one ticket tomorrow afternoon at 4 in the main representing the purchase of fifty office located in the sub-basement
cents of defense stamps per person, of the Union. ^
Dunham, a native of Massachu- At that time those who wish to setts, began his musical career at join the staffs will be asked to sign
cider men “tr/repTac7p young‘men of seven when a local the- up and the various duties of each ' atre trombonist began to teach the worker will be explained in full.
youngster in the rudiments of “slip There are vacancies in all sections
horn” playing. At 13, after six years including accounting,
of lessons and playing in the family and advertising departments
orchestra, Dunham played his first
called to service,” Prof. C. W. Beese, director, reported yesterday at a meeting of 35 field men called in to make final plans for the opening of
classes.
Useful For Army Training I “Out of every 100 rnen inducted into the Army today, 63 are assigned to duties requiring specialized training. The government is urging that youths, 18 to 20 years of age, enroll at once in evening courses designed to promote a background for specialized Ai’my training. For many boys a war-enriched course in physics and mathematics will give an excellent background for the specialized tasks of the Army. In addition, most of them should have specific fundamental
courses.”
During the past year, more than 22,000 men and wofnen were enrolled in 880 classes conducted thi'pughout the state by Purdue. A I'ecent survey of the industrial needs of the state indicates that twice as many classes will be needed this
year.
Need High School Education Tuition free classes are offered
Student admission to the convocation this afternoon will be, by showing the University cashier’s receipt for fees paid. Those presenting schedule cards will not be admitted. Single admission will be 50 cents plus tax. There will be no reserved seats.
eluding You and Me,” “Sunshine
circulation Awkwardness” and “A Sample
Case of Humor.”
Due to the increased circulation, jjag Lectured For 42 Years
dance engagement with a local or- members will be needed to
chestra.
Toured' Yaudeville' After playing with the Tremaine Orchestra iii New York, Dunham
handle deliveries, selj subsciiptions, take classified ads and check print-
ing operations.
The advertising department of-
Military Department offers a course in leadership, military cour-
tesy and discipline and organization the Glee“ciub, directed by F of the Army to any senior or junior Stewart. Either Dr. Elliott or J’rostudent who is in the ERC, either Boekema will preside over
Air Corps or Unassigned. The ob- meeting,
ject of this course will be to prepare students of the ERC in some of the fundamentals of military' trailing that will confront them upon arrival at a training center or school for
officer candidates.
It is proposed to hold classes on orte or more evenings per week in th6 Armory from T;!)© p. rti. to 8:00
p. m.
The course is to be organized on a
strictly voluntary attendance bqsis irqine^^lijplerand^crashed'n^o with the understanding that if a building, in Newark,
accident occurred last
Lt. R. E. Newlin Dies In Army Bomber Crash
Lt. Russel E. Newlin, former student at the University, was killed when the bomber he was piloting
Having toured the country many ^e will not drop out
times during 42 years of lecturing, and also having travelled abroad, Gillilan has been able to address
of the course unless some unavoidable emergency arises, and that unsatisfactorily explained absences
forffied his own orchestra and made fgj.g opportunities in advertising dea vaudeville tour around the city, sign, saleswork and ad writing. As the next step in his musical ca- 'This group is spilt up into several reer Dunham joined Glen Gray’s parts, one of which, the ed contact Casa Loma orchestra whefe he re- staff, will be rerouted to provide
seven or eight million of his fellow-
men. Two
mained for six uninterrupted years —playing at ballrooms in all parts
of the nation.
Two years ago Dunham formed his own orchestra and after a brief appearance in New York City, they Were signed to play a summer engagement at Meadowbrook in New
Jersey.
One Year On Tour ‘ Last September they left Meadowbrook and since that time the band has been on a tour of eollegfes, theatre and one night performances all over the country. Doors of the Music Hall will open
openings for the new members.
of his after dinner speeches have been published in a recent edition • of “Modern Elo-
quence.”
The subject title for this after-
privilege of attending the classes.
qj^artment Ohio. The T’uesdhy.
After one of its wings had crumpled in mid-flight the plane hedgehopped buUdings in the buai-
Any senior or junior student in Newark before the ERC who is interested in taking apartment building.
dies all the bookkeeping and accounts for the newspaper. Experience will be gained in the various clerical duties that are connected with the running of the Exponent.
Re^fime Wednesday Coed activities will bo discussed at the second of the four Collegiene Chats for freshmen and transfer coeds on Wednesday from 4:00 to 4:30 p. m. in the Home Economics Building auditorium. The second meeting will be a panel discussion concerning campus activities with Gail Henpis, WAA; Alice Chatfield, Exponent; Jean Patrick, Debris; Floience Droll, AWS; Betty Gray, Playshop; and Jeannette Haynes, Student Union, taking part in the discus-
sion.
Calista Creel, president of the Mortar Board, will be in charge of the third meeting. Campus clothes will be discussed at this meeting. The last meeting will have war activities as its theme. McClure Appointed field Supervisor kerle M. McClure of West Lafayette has been appointed field organization supeiwisor for the University War Training program, succeeding Prof. J. Howard Por^ch who has returned to his teaching duties in tho department of descriptive geometry. Formerly a member of the engineeiing research staff' at the University, MoClin'e has be’en in charge of tho Muneie office of the War Training program during the past year. Prof. C. W. Beese, director qf the program, ha's called a meeting at the fJniversity this week-epd for approximately 35 field men associated wRh the War Trnining; and plans fol' tlie eoming' year,will be (figgusBed.
under this program in more than at 6:30 and all students are urged 150 specific subjects covering every by Union officials to purchase tickbranch of engineering, science and ets to the convo in order to help management. A high school educa- with the billion dollar war stamp tion is the minimum requirement drive now being staged in this eoun-
for admission. try.
Studerit Union Announces Uew Committee Appointments
, At the Student Union callouts held last Tuesday and Wednesday, Ralph Deuster, president of the Union, gave a talk on the history of the Student Union and the Union building, pointing out the students’
work in the Union.
Deuster introduced the vice-pres-
idents on the board, each of whom explained the functions of his particular committee. After learning about the individual ooramittees, the new Union workers were given a choice as to which committee they preferred for the first three weeks.
Hillef, Gee Head Personnel The new committees have been
arranged so as to agree as nearly as possible with the workers’ choice.
The new committees have been an
The accounting department han- does not fully describe the
topics that he will cover. As is generally the case, Gillilan will draw from his varied sources of information to illustrate the point he wishes
td put across.
Debris To Take
Pictures This Week Debris office anonunces that students who work on campus activities, publications, or honoraries and depaitmental clubs are to have group pictures taken on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday night of
this week from 7 to 11.
Dave Heckard and Dorothy Ragsdale, junior editors of the Debris in charge of taking pictures, will notify the organization heads as to the time. Since theie will be no retakes
Beulah VanCamp, and Harriet
Whyte.
Kiester—Browsing Room Head Browsing Room: Dale Kiester, vicG-president-in-charge; members, David Appel, Virginia Armstrong, Wayne Brewer, Nancy Denby, Bill Dvork, Joanne Embrey, Ken Hillard, Jean Illyes, Wilma Kinett, Jim Merkel, Claus Nacke, C. B. Noelting, Mario Pagarula, Miriam Price,
and Cai’oline Snyder.
Recreation: Cort Nelson and Betty ' Hutchins, vice - presidents - incharge; members, Robert Blake, Paul Blakely, Mary Bowlby, Betty Cantley, James Cornelia, Neal Driscoll, Evelyn Eddy, Katy Gannon, Phil Jenkins, Bette Lou Krudup, Betty Purcell, Tom Ketcham, Jane
Auto Drivers On and after September 21st, 1942, the regulations governing the registration, parking and operation of motor vehicles by students, will be enforced by the (University Police Department. All unregistered vehicles and those parked or driven in violation of regulations will be tagged and a fine wilt be assessed against the owner. Motor vehicles may be registered in Room 201 ,in the Service and Stores building between 8:30 a. m. and 12:00 noon, and between J :00 qnd 4:30 p. m. every day except Saturday and between 8:00 a. m. and 12:00 noon on Satur-
days.
EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, President
the above course should leave his name and address in fhe Adjutant’s Office at the Armory before Sep-
tember 23.
Schedule For the benefit of subscribers who are uncertain concerning the Exponent’s publishing schedule for this semester, the paper .will appear regularly on' I’uesday, Thursday, Friday and Sunday mornings, unless these days follow special holidays >^hen printing services are not available.
Elliot! Pays Pampas Elying Week-End Vbit
Lt. Newlin was studying mechanical engineering while at the University, but transferred to the Air Force Training program before
graduation.
Steel Firm Will Show Movie Tomorrow “The Story of Steel” will be shown in a movie tomorrow night in the lecture room of Heavilon HaU at 7:30 p. m., according to Dr. J. L. Bray, head of the Chem. and Met. School, who announced that this movie tells the story of steel in a popular manner. The movie, shown by the courtesy of the Jones and Laughlin Steel Co. of Pittsburgh, will be accompanied by a representative of
President E. C. Elliott, who is on the fi^rm and will last approximately
leave of absence from the Univer- uu hour.
sity to head the division of profes- While it was originally intended
J i XI, X x- xi- sional and technical training under for the junior and senior Met stuue to the ortage of time, the or- ^^r Manpower Commission in dents, it was thought that the gengamzation heads will be responsible Washington, flew from Washing- eral public and student body would
for getting their members to the
ton to Indianapolis Friday to spend be interested and hence they are
South Ballroom five minutes ahead week-end in his office here. invited to attend.
of schedule
Pi Kappa Alpha
He was met at Indianapolis by Prof. Frank C. Hockema, assistant to the president. Dr. Elliott plans to return to the national capital to-
. . . announces the initiation of day by air. Dr. and Mrs. Elliott Paul Geiser, Fort Wayne; George held their annual reception for the Gay, Chicago; and Ernest Bern- faculty yesterday afternoon and hardt, Newark, N. J. evening at their home.
Alpha Phi Omega To Hold Meeting Tuesday In Union Alpha Fhi Omega, national scouting and service honorary fraternity, will hold its second open meeting of the year Tuesday at 7:30 p. m. in
room 304 of the Union.
This organization, composed of
former scouts and scouters, engages tives of Playshop will visit every
Playshop Will Canvass Houses To Sell Season Coupon Books
Beginning next week representa-
Meredith Club Meets Tomorrow All coeds efirolled in the School of Home Economics, especially freshmen, are invited to attend tho first meeting of the semester of the Virginia G. Meredith Club, the organization for all h^ue economics stqdents. This meeting will be held tomorrow afternoon at 4:15 on thh
lawn of WRH South.
Instead of the usual opening tea, “Watch on the Rhine,” by Liiaan will hold an i^orinal Heliman, a story aboiit a German .^ampler
and Libby" Baughman will be m
m vai^ious seivice projects through- organized house on the campus to family that was followed to Amqr- . „ .
, out the year m connection with the offer students the opportunity to ica by Gestapo agents, will follow of games.
nounced as follows: Personnel: Will gchutt, George Slater and Doug campus, the community and scout- purchase season coupon books. “Cuckoos on the Hearth.” “Bit'the Coeds who do not reside in the Hiller and Mary K. Gee, vice-presi- Smith. *"^1 besides offering fraternal com- These books, which sell for $1.50, Deck,” a musical comedy Which will to attend the raeet-
panionship to its mehibers in hiking contain coupons to be turned in for he this vear’s Vai'sitv show and laae* front of tire Home
and camping trips. reserved seats for Playshop’s four ^ v s y sa v, a a
All who are interested are cor- niajor productions this year, dially invited to attend the open ,„^,dy “Cuek- . _ meeting at which Professor Hall ot
Richard Lash, Arnetta Me- the R,story department will spegk dramatic season on October 14.
— 1,1 „xi.— jjjjd conduct an
dents-in-charge; members, Eleanor Bellamy, Barrett Billica, Beryl Burch, Lou Calderelli, Tom Coffing, Joanne Fountaine, Virginia George, Alice Jane Gray, Bette Gnstapon, L. E. Harris, Jean Klein, Charles May, Thor Nygrep, Lois Reimartn,
and John Woolling.
Publicity: Gene Katterjohn and
Ruth Frier, vice charge; members.
Purman—Camera And Clubs Camera and Clubs: Bill Purman, vice-pi’esident-in-charge; members, Dick Clarwater, Wally Cook, Santo Formica, Anita Gluck, Betsy Jan-
sing,
Kinzie, Pat Patrick, Nedra Ann Pierce, Mike Reynolds, June Spandet, Jim Sthllings, Patricia Tul\ey, presidents - in - and John ^ispim'.
Len R. Cohn, Defense: Ted Chapman
Economics Building and go to tha
party in a group.
Marie Straszheim
on world affairs
open forum.
Dick Collister, Jim Craig, Wally Ellifrit, Jim Flanagan, Joan Goss,
and
Marion Siegler, vice-presidents-in-charge; members, Henry Curry,
^ud fioeferiefe with’ liis “iiusic Styled For
“Claudia”'wil complete the season. Also included in the season books is a special coupon which may b« redeemed with 26 cents for a reserved seat for the revival of the'
“Claudia,” which was originally summer term comedy “Jim Dandy” scheduled as the first play, has not which will be given on the week-
been released for production as yet, end of the Indiana-Pui'due game, extension staff of the University to but it will be presented later in the Regular admission to each of these succeed Bernice Kohlmeyerrifecei|tseason. Tryouts for “Cuckoos on the peifformances is 75 cents. ly married,^and has arrived to as-
has been appointed nutrition specialist op the home economics
Hearth” were held last week; and Both the season caupop books and Sttm© her duties. Miss Strasshoim
You,” played for approximately 160 the cast will be announced the be- the special senior ticket ,boftks are is a graduate Miami University
Jean A. Hollson, Pat Huber, Mitzi Harriet Diake, Gordon Goodman, couples last night iq the Upiph ball- ginning of next week, according to on skle week-days at the,,Fqwlqr ftite-fiast aunnner completed her Konicek, Rosann Krohn, Neil Rob- Barbara Hipstind, James James, rooms at the regnlariSaturdarJi night Dr. H. Kenn Carmichael, Playshop Hall office from 8 p. ha. to noon and Master of Science degree at ComftB ertson, UosJey Smith, Jim Tillgtson^ (See COMMlTtEfiS, page ...... , director. 1 tojffi in the afternoon. Univereity.Pa^ 2
Piirdue Exponent
Sunday, September 13, 1942
Purdue Exponent
Offices: Ediiorial and Business, Purdue Memorial Union, Phdne 4005 Sports, Fieldhduse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
R<Htor-in‘Cliicf..:.. News Ediloir .Mnnaj^Twr Editor SporU' iSdUor. HusineR.*? Manager....... Ciroiilation Manager.. Coed Editor
John F. Amos Don T. Brophy ..John H. Armotronff .......Robert D. Hadley WiUito D. MiUard Ken K. GJemre Alice Chatfield
Publication Staff Associate Editors EdUonal Staff : R. W. Boswinkle, D. E. Sutz, W. G. Hoskins, A. P. lluater, D, W. Ochiltree, W. E. Rafert. Sports Stntf: D. E. Brewer, J, S. Dawson, E. L. Karpick. t oed StfitT: Sally Beall, Charlotte Hass, Jean Lauer. Business Staff 'Rusitiess Manager: Julia Martin. Atlvexi.iaing Managers; J. M. Wright, D. L. Johnson, t ircnlalion Manager; G. H. Klouman. Arc.'iimts Manager: Trena Torrenga. , .lunior Coed Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane Kefm.
The Purdue Independent
Editnr-in-Chief Managing Editor Business Manager..' Coed Editor Editor Advertising Manager.. Accounts Manager....... Circulation Manager...
Dave Barta ....?...Ed Humphrey Eiwin Welbaum :....Roberta Kessler Bin KiUigrew Scott Brown .George Paine ..Harold Hendricks
Staff For This Issue N'l.-rhl Editor: Hunter Sports Editor: Brewer Day Edtfor: Lauer Issue Editor: Tyson Koporlors: Smith, Kimball, Martindell, Parsons, Lockhart, Vegh. .
= . rJi; 1 ;.t bf:.-h
.-'d as second cIbbb matter at the post office in Lafaydiann. under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, special rate of postage provided for, in section ;f October 3, 1917, authorized January 20. 1922. n Tuesday, Thursday, Friday and<Sunday mornings your. Delivered locally by carrier for $1.76 for a ‘ h'3.00 for two semesters ; by inail for $2.00 for a
V or $3.60 for two semesters.
•p'master; mailed subscription $1.50. .• s. r.ted for national advertising by National Advertisr . K-e, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420
1 Avc., New York. N. Y. .
Prexy Knows ... President Elliott, speaking at the “Will to Win’’ convocation less than two weeks ago, said, “No one can tell how long you will be ]Dermitted to remain on this campus. In a very real sense the Nation has loaned you to the University ... ” Those words were not simply some of the President’s weir worded clauses meant to sound nice with little meaning behind them. They were packed full of meaning or Prexy would not have used them. More than once this year Prexy had advised students to enlist in one of the Enlisted Reserves at the earliest possible moment. Elliott has connections that make it possible for him to know more concerning enlisting in the armed forces than any student. He should have known v/hat he was talking" about before he advised all student to sign up in the reserves. Had Dr. Elliott not known what he was talking about, he would not have advised as he did. Word from the War Department announcing the end of all college men’s draft deferments has not changed the President’s beliefs, lie still believes concerning drafting of all ccllege men that the “time is shorter than you think”. He still advises all. students to get in the re.serves. Some students who had signed lip for the Erdisted Reserve upon the President’s advice, were given to believe, after ^reading the first reports from the War Department saying that Enlisted Reserve men were to be called soon, that Prexy had double crossed them. The truth of the matter is that, without a doubt, there won’t be many of us at all left /troLind the University even by next spring, either those who will have signed up for the Enlisted Reserve or those who haven’t. The President’s beliefs, admittedly subject to change at any time, is that the student in the Enlisted Resei’ve will be given every adx'antage over the one not signed up. The President’s beliefs are usually exceedingly sound material to rely on.-—r.w.b. Help Yourself... Tlie offices of the Women’s Placement Porvice are located in the Administration Ijuilding for the benefit of University coeds ajid women alumni. Yet many coeds who want work fail to take/ advantage of the. services offered to them. Prom coed . conversation around campus rbjut “I want a job, but what can I do?” “I (’.omT type, ssb I guess I’m out of luck”, it is appa '^nt, that University coeds are not really ; crious in their complaints or that they are igodrant of help the Placement Service offers. Lftst year only 67 per cent of the requests f or |ie]p received by the Placement office were liiicd. Store sales work, child care, and serving Work are a few of the positions which were lelc'unfilled, and yet most coeds who want to c.'U'h extra money are qui^te able to apply for lliis type of employrnent. Aceording to Miss Irene Peldt, head of the J'iacement Service, the fact that there were mure tiian ample requests for workers seems i'j c|untradict the fact that so many girls did - nuLreeeive the-Uype-^f-woxk -they desrredrIf nevei^be a complaint of University eoeis that they don’t know how or where to get^a part-time job. The Women’s Placement Seindce is established for this reason and University women should take advantage of thi^ opportunity.—c.f.h.
ciUXISMKTOII Merry-40-ROUND
By Drew Pearson Roosevelt Seeks Congressional Control, No Fourth Term; U. S. Plans To Aid Brazilian Industry WASHINGTON—Not much has been said about it publicly, but already the question of the Fourth Term has come in for a, lot of backstage discussion. Eepublicans, worried about it, want to do everything possible to block it. And in the vicinity of the White House, some of those who- would like to stay around indefinitely, want to do everything possible to encourage it. But those closest to the President are convinced that there will be no Fourth Term. Even if he could get it, they say that this is the last thing Roosevelt wants. Or even if there should be a tremendous demand on the part of the public against changing horses in midstream, they don’t think the President would yield. His ideals for preservation of the democratic system are too deep-rooted, they say, for him to continue in office for what would be a total of 16 years. However, the President does have one very definite political goal, and that is to retain control of Congress during his two remaining years in office. He remembers all too Clearly, when he was assistant secretary of the N.avy, the chaOs which the country faced when Woodrow Wilson lost control of the House of Representative, He also remembers the troubles faced by Herbert. Hoover, Calvin Coolidge and his cousin Teddy Roosevelt when they faced a rebellious Congress during their last two years in office. So the President is out to win the House, and win it at all costs next November. To that end he will leave Washington—something he hasn’t done since 1940—and take a swing through the Middlr West some time in October. Jobs To Republicans Some of FDR’s political advisers, among them Democratic Chairman Ed Flynn, tell him privately that the battle to control the House in November will not be easy. One trouble is patronage. Patronage is a word which may bring a bad sniell to the public, but to the politician it is like the smell of raw meat to a circus lion. He will not perform without it. Back in the early days of the New Deal, Jim Farley kept a little card index of how every Congressman voted on important issues arid what jobs he had received. When the congressman stopped voting right, he stopped getting jobs for his constituents. That system worked like a charm—for a while. But in recent years Roosevelt himself has given more and more jobs to Republicans, while Leon Henderson, the greatest job dispenser of war times, has placed everything in the hands of state governors, a large proportion of them Republicans. So today, the President’s political friends say that his definition of patronage is : “Something which you hold out to your friends, but use to reward yoiir enemies.” And these friends have had the short end of the patronage stick for so long that, as November approaches, FDR is finding a lot of the old politicoes unwilling to go to bat for him, while the rewarded enemies won’t stay put. • Shirt-Sleeve Diplomacy Behind the recent announcement that a U. S. Mission would leave for Brazil tO help build up Brazilian industry was triumph for the shirt-sleeve diplomacy of the Board of Economic Warfare. Inside fact was that this mission was proposed to the State Department by the Board of Economic Warfare several months ago. But nothing happened. So finally, BEW Boss Milo Perkins dropped a remark to Brazilian Ambassador Martins. “The British have a lot of idle textile machinery piled up in Manchester,” Perkins said, “so why shouldn’t we ship it to Brazil and let you develop your own textile mills. That would save us from shipping a lot of textiles down to you at a time when we can’t afford the cargo space. “Also we have a lot of machinery up here which is idle, and which you could use to develop your own industries. At present we’re using cargo space for things which you need, but which are not really vital to the war. We’d be glad to send a mission of experts down to see just how the whole thing can be worked out.” Ambassador Martins’ eyes glistened. Building up its own industries is jusf exactly what Brazil has dreamed of, and this was the first he had heard about the proposal. Immediately, he cabled' Foreign Minister Aranha. • Brazilians Act After that the Brazilians did all the pushing. The State Department habitually is opposed to almost any BEW project of Vice President Wallace and Milo . Perkins, but in this case it couldn’t help itself. The Brazilians had the ball and ran away with it. Ambassador Martins even acted as mediator between the two agencies. Knowing how the State Department hates the Board of Economic Warfare, he came to Perkins and very tactfully said; “There is so much rivalry between you and the State Department, would you mind if the State Department heads the mission to Brazil?” “Not at all,” replied Perlcins, “just so long as I have some of the men I want on the mi,-jsioa.” So the State Department acquiesced. In the end. however, Morris Cooke of Philadelphia, not a Stale Departmeiit man, was chosen to head the mission. • Smoke Screen One criticism of otherwise efficient U. S. Army commanders in recent maneuvers is that they have not made sufficient use of smoke screens. Smoke is one development of modern warfare not generally publicized, but which is used to great advantage by the Russians, the Germans and more recently the British. For the Russians it has been a chief means of combating tank.s, especially since losing most of their own tanks. A screen of smoke makes it easy for enemy tanks to lose their way, and also makes it easier for opposing troops to get close enough to the
n,* •'iPwllWIw
News
By Beverly Parsons With the announcement of the fall series of .sports callouts, WAA again hcavos its banner and extends a welcome to all freshmen and upperclasswomcn to take part in its activitie.s. Botli individual and intramural participation will be included in the program in'which coed.s earn points, toward their class numerals, the WA.A letter, and, as an added goal, the coveted Sports\vomon blanket. —WAA— Golf enthusiasts may sign up for the'golf tournament until next Wednesday or may call Gerry O’Neil to enter their name:;. All girls must qualify by playing nine holes on the University golf course hefoi’o September 20; Scores should ho turned in at the Women’s Gym of-
fice. All beginners who are interested in learning golf may receive instruction tomorrow afternoon at 4 in the Gyi% —WAA—, Archery practices will be held every Monday and Wednesday at 4 p. m. in the Gym. Five practices are required for participation in the tournament which wiil begin in a few weeks. —WAA— Botli singles and mixed doubles tournaments will be held in tennis. Practice evenings will be Tuesday and Friday at 4 p. m. and three practices are required for entrance in the singles tournament which will begin September 26. Girls interested in inixed doubles participation, scheduled to begin in Oc(See WAA, page 4)
“War’s shot my business, too, Lem. . . . Used to make a nice livin’ pullin’ cars outa that mud hole in front of my place.” PROBLEMS FOR FUN A man is rov/ing upstream and the wind blows his hat off and it falls into the water. It being an old hat, he decides to let it go. Ten minutes later ho changes his mind and turns around and rows back to get the hat wdiich had floated downstream. When he picks up the liat he notices that it has floated downstream one mile. Hov/fast does the river flow?
Today’s Exponent, introdviccr. the first in a scries of questions that are part of a problem contest being' sponsored by the Mathematics Department. A prize of $10 will lie av'ai'ded to the individual suhniitting the greatest nunibev of correet answers during the fall term, in case of tie, the prize will be awarded on the basis of earlie.''it average time of solution. Solutions should be submitted at the mathematics office within one week after publication of tlie [u'oblem, including a signed statement that the solution was obtained unassisted. Answers will be accejded only from students regi;steved in fipsiiman or soiihonioro math coui'sc.'s. No Icnowledge of matlnniia! ica higher than the calculis i.s required, careful and correct thinkin:'; being as necessary as knowledge of the subject. , Succes.sive problem,:; v/ill in each Sunday’s edition of ponent. LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY BEGINNER'S CLASS OPENS V/ED., SEPT. 16TH 7:30 P. M.Fi
t
! Sunitayi September 13, 1942 ' BoUermaker SpOVtS
-
' S ‘ k ,lr 1,''‘ 1-
-I
Page
Varsity Swamps 'Bee^ Squad In 59-0
Regulars Use Entirely
'Gold Dust Twins' And 'Benny-To-Benny'Combination Will Hold Reunion At Great Lakes ^ Michigan Game
S
ports Communique
% Bob Hadley
Snow Offensive System
. ANJSf' ARBOR, Mich., Sept. ,12—Two great football,combinations of the past—a friendship which began on the University of Chicago athletic fields 26 years ago, and a Wolverine “Benny to Benny” passing combination which brought two 26—^wilK be severed temporarily Big Ten titles to .Michigan in 1926here on Sept. 26 when the Michigan eleven entertains Great Lakes in the grid opener. Fritz, Tony In Rivalry Herbert 0. (Fritz) (jlrisler, athletic director and head coach at Michigan, will be sitting on one bench, while across the field will be Paul D. (Tony) Hinkle, football director at the Great Lakes Naval Training Station. Lt. Hinkle and Crisler first met in 1917 as undergraduates at the then athletically powerful University of Chicago, and they excelled in not only the same sports but at the same positions. They teamed as varsity ends on A. A. Stagg’s football team in 1919 and 1920, both
played guard on the basketball team, and in baseball they alternated between pitching and the outfield. So inseparable were they and alike even to their dark complexions that they became widely known as the “Gold Dust Twins”. Toured Japan Together The Hinkle-Crisler combination remained intact through their attendance at the army officers’ training school at Camp MacArthur in Waco, Texas, and 1920 found them members of the University of Chicago baseball team which toured Japan. They even played on the same professional baseball and semi-pro basketball team. Their coaching careers since then have taken them along different paths, but always they have kept in touch and arranged frequent reunions. Hinkle’s call to the Navy from Butler University where his teams had phenomenal success set the stage for him to meet Crisler for the first time as a rival. Evidence that they still think ahke two decades later is found in
Hays Jewelry Co.
131 North Fourth St. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Price
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
iversitv Book Store
Acroas From Union '*Bed** Sammona *29 **Doo** Epple *40
, J!6U&'*
I "Such a clever, convenient idea...buying separate sheets or envelopes of Eaton’s lovely stationery! Now I simply replace what I need and never have leftoversi (And that’s an economy, fool)"
Eaton’s finest papers... so expressive of individuolity and good taste . . . are now available in Open Stock.
Decker s Inc.
518-20 Main St.
Phone 5036
A mi Every Time At Bat!
Our WALDORF Micro-Thin Blade is a Champion — It conquers the stiftest kind of beard opposition. Every swing of the razor will be a safe hit with you when you use WALDORF,
Try one 'I'oday—not a foul in o package!
50 FOR
Standard
DoubU-ada* Raior
When you've tried one, you'll wont a
season's ticket for WALDORF.
WALDORF. Is Trumps In Any Hand! I On sale only at ,
\
reports from Great Lakes that Hinkle’s Bluejacket eleven will operate from a single wing formation, the same basic style of attack as used by Crisler-coached teams. Lt. Hinkle’s nickname of “Tony” springs from those early days with Crisler. On the eve of the University of Chicago’s basketball game with the Great Lakes team of 1917, the Maroons stopped at a Chicago restaurant for a light lunch. Hinkle’s appetite proved stronger than his judgment and he ordered a prohibited dinner of spaghetti and meatballs, a specialty of the Italian chef. Crisler led the subsequent ribbing by squad members and nicknamed Hinkle “Tony” on the spot. The name stuck. “Benny to Benny” Chief assistant to Coach Hinkle is Lt. Benjamin Friedman. Coaching the ends at Michigan is Benny G. Oosterbaan. For two years, in 1926 and 1926, these two had a corner on the football headlines. With Friedman throwing the passes and Oosterbaan catching them the Wolverines won an undisputed Conference crown in 1926 and tied with 'Northwestern for the title in 1926. Friedman was named All-American quarterback the latter season while Oosterbaan collared the same honor both these years and in 1927 as well.
frosh Basketball
About a thobsand intefesjied students turned out yesterday to see what the Boilermakers ate preparing for service during the rough schedule outlined for the coffiiflg football season. That thousand saw a real exhibition of scoring povj^er hnd defensive ability. Of course, no one was surprised by the vanquishing of *Samniy, Voinoff’s gang by the varsity— that’s as it should be. But the cb^t|)mers could easily tell that the spirit on the field was different. - f With the score getting well up into the values ordinarily reserved for basketball games and track meets, the inexperienced but fighting ' underdogs kept driving right up to the last chorus of horns sounding the end of the game. ’ As yet the varsity practice sessions have not included very intensive drills on defense, and the fact was evident in the numfcer of passes that Burkhardt, Wojiechowski and Baker dropped into the arms of alert receivers. The effec,tiveness of part of the losers’ air offensive was more than offset by the number of interceptions that were effected by varsity backs. A big contributing factor in the latter cases was the fact that the gold'^jerseyed passers had to get rid of the pigskin in a hurry or be snowed under by charging enemy linemen. If the forward wall can cause as much "havoc in enemy backfields in the regular season, it will he a season worth waiting three y6ars for. The varsity is shaping up,>fast, considering the amount of practice that they have been able to get in this season. They are probably going to embarrass a number of sports prognosticators that have expressed themselves as not expecting a great deal from Burnham’s gang in his initial season. As yet there are many ragged edges. The precision and “pep” that comes from long hours of team drill and conditioning will be more evident next Saturday when they meet the Freshmen and the next Saturday when they line up against the Rams. One thing that the fans are looking for in this year’s team that has been missing in a lot of previous Boilermaker squads, is the ability to look spirited—to run up to the line from the huddle, line up with precision, and hjt ’em fast and hard. Kenny Smock’s returns of the gold squad’s punts yesterday were standouts in the broken-field running department. He returned almost every kick 20 to 30 yards. Those can be valuable yards in later games. Little Henry Stram and Big John Andretich chopped and drove through the opposition time and again, and both completed passes that looked like real football.
Starting Lineups GOLD(O) BLACK (59) Wiley LE Harris Klein LT O’Bryan Fox LG Barwegen Dix C Lengo Eviston RG Roggieri Aitken RT Freneit Baker RE Smerke Schultz QB Hajzyk Burkhardt LH Smock Newman RH Cycenas Wojiechowski FB Bnffington
By Bob Hadley, Exponent Sports Editor
Yesterday was a fairly decent football day for Septertiber, and there was a lot of it played over in Ross-Ade Stadium. As was to be expected, the greatest part of the fotball was played in the half of the field claimed by the gold-jerseyed “B” team. The Black squad, manned by the varsity, hammered, drove, darted and passed their way down the field to amass nine touchdowns and
five extra points to produce a
lop-sided 59-0 triumph.
and Harris booted the ball squarely between the uprights to make the The play itself was not quite score 7-0.
so lop-sided as the score. The Harris then kicked to Burkhardt, “B” team lacked the power ■whodashed'clearbacktothe32beand ball-handling ability of the var- he was downed. However, the sity, but they kept driving right Gold team was unable to break even back, breaking up the Black’s Sun- Penetrating the varsity defenses day plays and getting in some good Burkhardt kicked to Smock,,
offensive drives themselves.
who ran the ball from hiii own 40
All candidates for freshman basketball squad will meet on the freshman floor of the Fieldhouse at 4 p. m., Tuesday, Sept. 15. —LAMBERT
'Meet The Team' Session Will Feature Players, Plays In Open Drill Tuesday
The varsity lost no thne in en-
tering the scoring colump. The ball ^ajzyk and no sooner came into varsity posses- Smock carrying the ball to the 10 Sion than drives by. Cycenas and ^ffh Cycenas ferrying it the rest
Smock carried the ball down to the
Gold team’s 35, and on the next Smock’s kick was good, play Bob Hajzyk faked and darted **®” Team Takes Offensive through left guard ahd slashed his The “B” team picked this part bf way over the goal. Smerke held the contest to embarrass the vafsity with a series of running plays' and
IM Schedules
Due to the Pep Session that is to be held Tuesday afternoon, all fraternity softball games will be cancelled. Play will be resumed on Thursday evening, however. Schedule will appear in Tuesday and Thursday morning’s Exponent.
Head Coach Elmer Burnham will open the gates of RossAde Stadium Tuesday afternoon and let the crowds in for the first “Meet the Team” session of the 1942 football season. At approximately 4 p. m. the public address system will blare forth to the student body assembled in the stands, and the new Boilermaker mentor will put the fans on “the inside” of football teamwork and strat-
Iowa Stresses Defense Work For Bear Game
Through an agreement of Ward Managers at the recent meeting, it was decided that the first regular game of softball would be played Monday evening. Sept. 14, instead of Wednesday evening, as previously announced. Following is Monday’s schedule: Diamond 1 Ward 2 vs. Ward 6. 2 Ward 6 vs. Ward 9. 3 Ward 10 vs. Luma. 4 Roachdale vs. Marwood. 5 Ward 24 v.s. Chauncey. 6 Westminster vs. Dover. 7 Bivouac vs. Circle Pines. Those managers who have not received a copy of the rules which will be followed this fall, please call at the Intramural Office and obtain same.
ON 4> SALE
ALKA-SELTZER ANACIN TABLETS
ANTIPHLOGISTINE
24's 49e 100 98e
Tube 62c
Trial Size 38c
ASTRING-O-SOL 4 Oz 53c BAND-AID 36 Adh Edges 23c BARBASOL 50c size 39c BAUME "BEN GAY" 75c size 59c BAYER ASPIRIN 100 59c "BC" HEADACHE POWDERS
35c size I9e
BOND SUPER POWER BATTERIES lOc BORDEN'S HEMO 1 lb. 59c BROMO-SELTZER 60c size 49c BURMA-SHAVE 50c size 39c DR. CALDWELL'S LAXATIVE Combined with Syrup Pepsin
60c size 47c
DR. WEST'S MIRACLE-TUFT Adult sizes, except in Illinois 47c DRENE (with hair conditioner .added)
$1 00 size 79c FEEN-A-MINT
FETCH'S (Dandruff Remover) SHAMPOO 6 oz 59c FLEERS DUBBLE BUBBLE GUM tc GILLETTE BLUE BLADES 10 for 49c GILLETTE SHAVING CREAM 50c size, Brushless 33c GROVE'S VITAMINS A, B,, D, 25c HIND'S Honey and Almond CREAM
$1 00 size 49c
HORLICKS fortified A, B,, D & C
i/z lb 47 c
lERGENS LOTION 39c lERIS 1c SALE Regular $1 35 value 76c KLEENEX TISSUES 440 sheets 25e, 2 for 49c KOTEX -54 napkins 89e-2 for $1.75 LIFEBUOY SHAVING CREAM 77c LISTERINE ANTISEPTIC 3 oz 23c SQUIBB'S MINERAL OIL pinl 59e, qt S9c 'UXOR HAND CREAM Cl ntains Caibomide 50c size 39c lYSOL DISINFFCr lame 89c MFDS (The Mndess Tampon) 50s 98c MENNEN ANTISEPTIC OIL MENMF.N SHAVE CREAMS MENTHOLATUM OOD'SS ‘..^nifarv M-rk,ns MURINE For Your Eyes 00c size 49c HINDS CREAM $1 00 size 49c
43c
39c-43c Inz 27c 56's 840
BUY ECONOMY^IZES
UNIVERSITY DRUG STORE
Next to the Post Office 305 State St. Phone 4095
egy. Introducing the varsity squad members by the position they fill on the squad, Burnham will acquaint the followers with their duties in both offensive and defensive actions. Running through a few fundamental offensive plays at first the head coach will then introduce the 1942 version of the “Boilermaker Powerhouse,” using speed, passing, and deception. The “A” squad will run through seveial typical new plays, with the “B” squad then taking the field to show the fans what can be expected of Fordham’s offensive system, to open here Sept. 26. Scrimmage will probably not be held, but the two squads will oppose each other and run through a signal drill for the fans. Tuesday’s “Meet the Team” session, a great improvement over last year’s open practice, will give the “uninformed,” as well as the “informed” fan, a fairly good idea of what is going on when the referee blows his whistle. If interest is great enough, and the first session
Boilermaker Staff To Talk At Smoker
Indianapolis, Sept. 12—(Special to the Purdue Exponent)—Athletic Director Guy “Red” Mackey and Head Football Coach Elmer Burnham, along with the complete Boilermaker gridiron coaching staff, will be present at the “Purdue Smoker” at the Severin Hotel here next Thursday night at 8 p. m. Sponsored by the Indianapolis Purdue Alumni Association, the smoker will present the Riveter staff members and present football movies of grid stars in action. Refreshments will be served and admission will be free to Alumni Assoeifftion members.
is successful, another open drill will be held next Tuesday with actual scrimmage, and “Meet the Team” sessions will probably continue throughout the season. Tuesday’s open drill has been sponsored by a booster committee composed of the following: Jim Fraser, piesident of Gimlet Club; Chuck Knote, president of Reamers; Harriet Simons, president of Gold Peppers; Dick Welty, president of Scull and Crescent; Bruce Adams, senior yell leader; and Bob Hadley, sports editor of the Exponent.
passes that started on the Gold 26' and wasn’t stoppedi until the ball* rested on the varsity’s 10-yard line.’ Figuring' in the drive wgre Burk-' hardt, who flipped a 30-yard toss' to Steve Baker for a substantial ‘ gain in addition to slipping around' end for yardage, and “Wojie” 'Wpjiechowski, whose head-down drives, were the hardest/on the field yes10 W A CITY, Sept. 12—The of- terday afternoon. A pass intended' fensive-minded University of Iowa for Burkhardt thrown by Wojie-, football squad will turn its col- chowski wandered off to the left and lective mind upon problems of de- ended the only threat engineered by - fense during some of the ten days the Gold squad, remaining before the opener with From this point on the “B” team* Washington university here. never held the ball long enough at aBut the coaches, except for gen- time to get any offense under way. eral knowledge, won’t know what Andretich, Snyder and Chester colto expect from the Bears although laborated in a drive that culminated they do know that the new Wash- with Andretich sliding across the" ington coach, Tom Gorman, Notre goal for the third score. ChesterDame ’34, will ube-the Notre Dame converted bringing the score to 21-0. formation with a shift to the box Long Pass Scores '. and some “T” formation plays. The kickoff was taken by Baker Tevis Heads Grizzlies of the Gold team, switched from Much of the Bear offense will be end to backfield in midstream, pnd taken care of by Lee Tevis, 188- he smashed his way through the pound sophomore, who is the sue- wave of black jerseys from his 6 cessor to Bud Schwenk, the national to the 36 before being driven out of record-holding passer now with the bounds. On the next play Tony Chicago Cards. Berto snagged a pass and the ball lowans have learned that Tevis went to the varsity. A fumble foils a better runner than Schwenk, lowed with Macqueene of the “B” especially in open field; a smart team recovering. The underdogs passer; and a kicker who last sea- then proceeded to do it again moson averaged about -60 yards on his mentarily with Baker dropping punts in the freshman games. back to toss a 30-yard pass to BeckIt appears that the opposing er, who was wandering around all teams will be about even on experi- alone up on his 37-yard line. The enced linemen. Both will have vet- Black line smothered all fm-ther aterans at guards, (]|ie tackle slot, tempts and the Golds kicked. Berto and one end. The Bears will have and Stram chopped their way to the Marvin McConnell, Muscatine sen- Gold 30, whereupon chunky Str^m ior at center, while none of the Iowa dropped back to the 40 and placed pivot men have had much varsity a beautiful heave in Maloney’s arms on the goal line. Stram’s kick was Hawkeye backs will be diilled to blocked and the score stood at 27-0 break up a slick passing gamq with at the half. Tevis throwing to Gene O’Rourke, In three minutes of the thiTd his high school teammate, and Bill quarter the varsity had added anPufalt- (See VARSITY WINS, page 4)
Eating at the PURDUE UNION
CAFETERIA
is easy on your pocketbooki
The meals are full of vitamins!
The atmosphere has a pleasant informality!
The food just melts in your mouth!
JkfL fiwvdusL W.mufuaL lAmmu \ Just take a walk through the building!''■'"S' ''
B?«. ^ /I?V'
f^dg^ 4
PMrdue B^pmmt
Sumiay.j 3&ptemher IS, 194^
EersoAiiel Mo|^ 'Companies^schi^uled to visit the
campus:
General Motors Corporation, Detroit, Mich. September 9, •tOrliMonsanto Chemical Company, St.
(Continued from page 2) tober, should see Evelyn Schuber,
tennis head, —WAA
, . , will Louis, Mi.ssoUti. .September 14 and lnt«m»r,l ““'’f16. IMererted ™ OhE, ME, EE and
be held tomorrow at 4 p. ni. in tne
gym. Teams of ten players each ' Co., Inc., IndiSttn;\eire::rdt»r; e'
physical education In^frested in M E Met. E., Ch. E., ■ . ~ ■ and Industrial E. Sign in Personnel
Up|vers4y Cf^lendar Week of September 13-19
Sunday, September 13
Chi epsilon . , \ ci^il engineering honorary fraternity, announces ,(;hu -.election of the following officers: W. IWt. Jones, president; J. S. Love, vicepresident; W. H. Ehling, secretary; C. Morris, treasurer; and E, L. Stein, editof of the ^‘Tranisit.”
Bing's Mind Is Made Up
and minors
will be given instructioh Tuesdays at 4 which will enable them to officiate at the softball games.
—WAA—
Callouts for swimming will be
Office by Monday, September 14. North American Aviation, Inc., Inglewood, Calif.—Coming September 17 and 18. Interested in Dec. M. E., C. E., E. E., and Aero. E.
held Wednesday at 4. Special WAA Sign in Personnel Office by Satur-
inStrUetion for beginners will be day, September 12, 1942.
held on Mondays and Thursdays at Ranger Aircraft Engines, Farm4- while diving instruction will be ingdale. Long Island, New York.
Ifiven at 4:30. Members of the Life September 22.
Saving Corps will be present every
day to pass coeds on their various tests. —WAA— Coeds interested in becoming Cabin Leaders to take groups to the
Simmonds Aerocessories, Inc., New York—Interested in ME, EE, Aero E for instrument division. Sign in Personnel Office by Friday,
September 18.
Harbison-Walker Refractories
WAA Cabin may take the course Company, Vandalia, Missouri. In
to be offered beginning September ^
23. Barbara Ford, WAA head of the personnel Office by Tuesday,
course, advised members of the Intramural Board to attend the four meetings in order that they might qualify to take their groups to the
cabin.
September 15.
In The Churches
Varsity Wins (Continued from page!3)
University Baptist Church Corner Columbia & Chauncey Sts.,
West Lafayette
9:30 a. m. Roger Williams Foundation Class, taught by Dr. A. A.
other tally, with Cook intercepting s^jth of the Psychology depart-
Burkhardt’s pass from deep in his j^ent.
own territory and darting over the yo:35 a. m. Church Worship. Bergoal. Stram’s kick was blocked. The j^y Joseph Baird Gleason, kickoff was taken by Wojiechowski, Minister: “A Strong Church For a
who got to the 22. -Again the Gold jjard World.”
squad was forced to kick and “Hur- Student Choir, directed by rying Henry” Stram, Hajzyk and Gruver Price, will sing, “Lo, Andretieh drove down again with ^ yoigg to Heaven Sounding,” by
Stram carrying the ball over and Bortniansky.
then missing the extra point. On 5-00 p. rn. Forum hour. Meet at the kickoff Burkhardt ran the ball church and hike to Prof. J. A. to the 29 and two plays later carried Wiley’s for hamburger fry and ves-
it another IB for a first down. Tlie pgj. oieeting.
march stopped short there, and the kick started off another drive by the
varsity that ended with Chester ^he Wesley Foundation
tearing through the biggest hole ^ ® T, -1 1 Corner Chauncey & South seen m a Boilermaker opponent s „ „„ ^ f XI, „ 9:30 a. m. Our Purdue Student
line in four years for the score. , x i,x x, -r, r.' t
Class will be taught by Dr. C. L.
Varsity Continues Rout “The
On it went, with the varsity inter- Cooperation Between Religion and
cepting passes and running back Science” is the topic of the lesson, punts to remain continually in scor- i0:40 a. m. Morning Worship ing position. A pass from Bob Service. Dr. Steele will preach on Chester to Chuck Harris netted the the theme: “Christian Transformanext score, and a weaving slashing tion.” Special music will be fur-
run-back of Burkhardt’s next punt nished by the choir,
by Kenny Smock gave Berto an op- 5:45 p. m. Wesl'ey Vespers. Folportunity to dash across the line for lowing the period of games and felthe final mai’ker. lowship Mrs. Howard Anderson will
lead a discussion on “The Great Hymns of the Church.” The worship committee will lead the closing per-
iod of worship.
Every Purdue student is invited to any or all of these services.
2:30 t.M. Cosmo Club Meeting W. Faculty Lge., Union 3:00 P.M. Convo—Sti’ickland Gillilan Hall of Music 4:30 P.M. Christian Science Organization E&W Reept. Rms., Union
Monday, September 14
2:00 P.M. Creative Writing Room 212, Union 4:00 P.M. P.O.M.M. Formal Pledging Room 105, Armory 7:30P.M. Civilian Defense Room 212, Union 7:30 P.M. Boy Scout Executives Room 303, Union 7:30 P.M. A.I.M.E. Lecture and Film Room 202, Heavilon Hall 8:00 P.M. Tippe. Co. Teachers Federation . Room 263, Union
Tuesday, September 15 American Soybean Ass’n. Meeting..
9:00 A.M. Farm Security Meeting Room 304, Union 6:00 P.M. Am. Soybean Ass’n. Board Room 330, Union 7:00 P.M. Debris Pictures South Ballroom, Union 7:30 P.M. Undergraduate Dames W. Faculty Lge., Union 7:30 P.M. Alpha Phi Omega Room 303, Union
Wednesday, September 16
8:00 A.M. Am. Soybean Ass’n. Board E. Faculty Lge., Union 12:00 Noon Am. Soybean Ass’n. Board E&W Reept Rms., Union 6:30P.M. Am. Soybean Ass’n. Board N. Ballroom, Union 7:00 P.M. Debris Pictures South Ballroom, Union
Thursday, September 17
8:00 A.M. American Soybean Ass’n E. Faculty Lge., Union 3:00 P.M. Screen Review Hall of Music 7:00 P.M. Debris Pictures South Ballroom, Union 7:30 P.M. Camera Club Meeting Room, 304, Union 7:30 P.M. Purdue Glider Club Meeting Room 355-363, Union
Friday, September 18 8:30 P.M. Dance—Sonny Dunham Orch. - . .Ballroom, Union Saturday, September 19 10:00 A.M. Pest Control Operators Ass’n Room 14, Ag Hall 8:30 P.M. Kappa Delta Rho Dance Chapter House
Activities Bureau Issues Callout
Callout for students interested in the workings of the Activities Bu-r-eau will be held in room 356 of the Union tomorrow at 4 p. m.' Any second semester freshman or sophomore who is planning to enter campus activities should be present at this meeting. Workings of the six different Activities Bureau committees will be discussed at this meeting as well as the duties of the Bureau in general. Besides checking the eligibility of
Committees (Continued from page 1)
Martha McCulloch, Jack McMurray, 'Ruth Mathis, Bob Martin, Betty Lou Moriow, Geoige Quick, Bob Senour, Betty Swanson, Sue Sny-
der, and Gene Womble.
McDonald—Music Room Head Music Room and Receptions: Ginny Lee McDonald, vice-president-in-charge; members. Will Bair, Shirley Chohen, Judy Jones, Alvin Kap-
WBAA Offers Many Openings At Callout WBAA callouts for announcers, dramatic aspirants, sportscasters, sound effects men and script writers will be held next Thursday and Friday, from 3 to 5 p. m. Larry Myers, director of Radio Stage, the feature dramatic show presented each Saturday at 1 p. m., has announced that there are openings for all types of character parts for both men and women. In addition, a new type of dramatic show consisting of daily dramatizations of woild news will be inauguiated calling for players and script writ-
ers.
According to Gilbert D. Williams, director of programs for WBAA, a survey made of former members of the station staff, shows a large group now in commercial radio. Cosmopolitan Club To Hold 'Get Acquainted' Tea Next Sunday afternoon the Cosmopolitan Club will give a tea in the Faculty Lounge of the Union Building from 2:30 to 3:30. Several faculty members will be present, and all students who are interested in the activities of the club aie invited to attend.
Subscribe To Your Campus Daily
Clajssified
Ads
Special—FuruisVicd sloopinp: rooms and small furnished apartment. Phone 71201. If yoiPre interested in housework or baby tendinj? foi your meals call 81481. Lost—Royal tvptewliter—left Sept. 6 in a store in West Lafayette. Phone 2876.
Notices
Enlisted Reserve CdrpS; All non-mil-itary students desiring information or desfring to apply for the Enlisted Reserve Corps should apply to room B4, basement of the Armory. Freshman and bophomore military students will be informed in th6ir military classes where and when to apply*
—GRAHAM
Novice Ristol: Students desiring to Are in the Fifst Novice Pistol Group may feign up in the Supply Room of the Armory. This group will start September 16. A fifty cent fee is charged which ;nay be chargfed against military deposits by military students. —LT. BROWN Independent Students: For further infoimation on fire insurance or PIA pciember-
ship, call 6339.
\ —ARGSBURGER Enlisted Reserve Applicants: All students
who applied for enlistment in the Enlisted Reserve Corps during the summer term and have not yet been enlisted should report to rom B4 in the basement of the Armory to
complete their enlistment.
—GRAHAM
Gold Peppers: Meeting on Monday, Septembei IL at 4 p. m. in the AWS, olfice.
—SIGMONS
Organization and Activity Pictures: Group pictures will be taken Sept. 15, 16 and 17, instead of the last week in September. Exact times and dates will be given to presidents of groups. —HECKARD Former Cary Club Members: Any fellows interested im associate Cary Club membership should inCiUire at the Cary Hall South office for further details. Those eligible must be non-fraternity .nembers who have lived in the halls four or more semesteis.
—JACKSON
WAA: Baseball practice callouts Monday at 4 p. m. Any one interested may come and play. —BAUGHMAN Junior Military Students: Who Were formerly included under par. 20 (i. e. at their own expense) but who have since signed the contractr will please call at the Military Department Supply Office and obtain refund of deposits. —LT. BROWN Glider Club r Open meeting Thursday evening, Soptembei 17, in room 365 of the Union at 7:30 p. m. Movihg pictures of Club activities will be shown.
—SHAKEL
History, Gov. anu Econ. ‘C’ Removal: Examinations for the removal of conditions and incOmpletes in Hist., Econ., and Gov. will be held on Sals, Oct. 10, at 1 p. m. in room 313 of the recitation building. Application must be made in advance.
—ESTEY
Summer Marriage Course Enrollees: Promised booklets from Df. Burkhart are in the office of Dr, Wilkening, dean of men. Those who desire may obtain them by calling anytime trom 9 to 4 p. m. —PATRICK Newman Club: First meeting of the fall semester will be held alter 9:30 Mass at St. Mary’s church next Sunday, Sept. 13. All Catholic students are urged to attend. Debris picture will bo taken. —ROSSBACK
TALKING .BING'FN'rO'SOiVlET-mNG'h'e doeSnH wa^nt to do'are kranager Walter Abel and dancing partner Fred Astaire. The three are in the Irving Berlin song-and-dance hit “Holiday Inn,” which opens today at the Lafayette Theatre. Bing sings and Fred dances to eleven new Irving Berlin hit tunes and two old ones, in the Paramount musical. They’re assisted, .romantically, vocally and tcrpsichoreally by two lovely and talented stars—Marjorie Reynolds and Virginia Dale. The film was dir-
ected by Mark Sandrich.
Lost—Phi Sigma Call K002. Reward.
Kappa fraternity pin. Claus Nacke.
Wanted Bids on P. A. system to lent to P I. A. once a month for next eight months. Box 746, Cary Hall or call 8421. Pecsok. Rooms for two students. Study and bedroom combined. All modern conveniences. 720 Brown. Lost—Key ring with ton keys, on or near ‘^ampus. Phone Galloway, 3053. Reward. WE NEED boys for banquet work. If you are interested apply Pm due Union Cafeteiia. Typewriters—Adding Machines, ail makes sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, 605 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779. Money to loan on diamonds, watches, guns, luggage, typewriters. Albert’s Loan Office, 407 Columbia. Will pay cash for any old or new iised bicycles. Kigcr Shell Service, Northwestern^ at Columbia.
Zouaves: Practice for Corps Day Drills Sept. 24 and 29 will be hekl Monday through Friday ol every week until notice of discontinuation is given in the Armory at 4 p. m. —JACKSON
Fraternity Kush Chairmen: The FAQ files of new freshmen interested in being rushed arc available anytime after 4 p. m. Monday through Friday. —WILCOX Christian Science Organization: There will be a reception for all students interested in Christian Science on Sunday, Sept. 13, at 4:30 p. m. in the Recetpion Room of the Union. —WATT Met Engineers: Movie on production of steel will be shown Monday, Sept 14, at 7:30 p. m. in Drawing Room of Htavilon Hall. A new film on campus. - SCHALLIOL Sigma Delta Chi Actives and Pledges: Gioup picture for Debris will be taken at 8:60 p. m. Wednesday, Sept 10, in the south ballroom of the Union. Lot’s he theie and get it over with the first time this year. —ARMSTRONG Pi Tau Sigma: Report for group picture for Debris at 8.10 p. m. Wednesday. Sept 16, in south ballroom of Union. Plo«‘«(* be piompt. “KOERNER Pi Tau Sigma: Meeting Thursday, Sept. 17, in Pi Tan Rending Room at I p. m. Discussion of coming activities* —KOERNER Flying Club: There will he an important meeting Tu(.\day, Sept. 16, at 7*30 p m in the Union. All those interest^'d in joining please attend this meeting. All old members biing past dues. —‘CROW POMM: Formal pledging Monday. Sept. 14. at 4 :10 p. m. in the Armory. Seniors will wear winter uniforms with blouses; juniors will wear summer uniform's without blouses. —-JACKSON Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting Tuesday, Sept. 1.6, in room 303 of the Union at 7 :30 p. m. —WATT All 4-H Club Party Committees: There will be a general meeting Tuesday, Sept. 1.6, at 5 p. m. in the 4-H Club office.
—TRUAK
Camera Club: Meeting for organization foi fall semester on Thursday, Sept. 17, at 7:30 p. m. in room 304 of the Union. Old members and those who are interested in joining please attend. —PURMAN
POMM: Keys are now available at elry store. - HUNT Camera Club? All members and those who intend to join c6me to- South Ballroom of Union for Debris picture Tuesday, Sept. 16, at 10:30 p. m, —PURMAN Former Scouts and Scouters: Alpha Rhi Omega, national scouting and service honoraiy, will hold an open meeting Tuesday, Sept. 16, at 7:30 p. m. in room 304 of 'the Union. Prof. Hall will discuss world affairs and conduct an open forum. Everyone is cordially invited. —BENDER Phi Lambda Upsilon: Debris picture will be taken Wednesday, Sept. 16, at 8:30 p. m. in South Ballroom of the Union. All actives please be there. Chi Epsilon: Debris picture will be tak^n Wednesday, Sept. 16, at 7:30 p. m. in the North Ballroom of the Union. A meeting will be held m the reading room of the CE Building Friday, Sept. 18. It is important that all members are pre.sent.
—JONES
A. W. S. Executive Board: Important meeting in office Wednesday, Sept. 16, at 7 :16 p. m. Be there. —CROLL Jr. and Sr. Enlisted Reservists: All juniors and seniors in Ihe Enlisted Reserve Corps ,who ai*e intere.sted- in taking the. course in Leadership, Military Courtesy and Discipline and Organization of the Army should sign up irt the Adjutant’s Office, in the Armory prior to September 23. —GRAHAM Reamers^ Meeting in room 304 of Union Monday, Sept. 14. Important. —KNOTE Reamers: Debris pictures Wednesday, S'eptember 10, in the South Ballroom at 10:20 p. m. —KNOTE
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
SUBSCRIBE
t DOES YOUR PEN LEAK? Expert Repair Service 'SOUTHWORTH'S
students who are to hold jobs in Ian, Ruth Levin, Bill Paisley, Claythe other activities on the campus, ton Pingry, Lois Remmers, Louise Activities Bureau interviews new Rubenkoenig, Emanami Santini, students and helps them to get Bob Stallings, i^b VanVeld, Martha started in different activities on the Whitehealf Jerry Weinberg, and
campus. Clayton Woodward.
DEBRIS ORGANIZATION AND ACTIVITY
PICTURE SCHEDULE
TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER
15
/ IN UNION BALLROOM
Debris Sophomore Staffs
. 7:00 p. m.
Exponent Sophomore Staffs
- 7:30 p. m.
independint Sophomore Staffs.'
. 8:00 p. m.
Engineer Sophomore Staffs
. 8:10 p. m.
Pharmacist Staffs
. 8:20 p. m.
Agriculturist Staffs
. 8:30 p. m.
Union Sophomores
. 8:40 p. m.
Alpha Lambda Delta
9:00 p. m.
Camera Club
. 9:10 p. m.
Activities Bureau Sophomore Staff
. 9:20 p, m.
Student Senate juniors and Sophomores
. 9:30 p. m.
A. W. S. Sophomores i
9:40 p. m.
Debate—Forensic Managers^ Varsity Debate
r
Freshmen Debate, Coed Debate
9:50 p. m.
Aeromodelers Club
10:30 p. m.
Alpha Zeta
10:40 p. m.
TAKf COMMAND With that Dress Parade Look Everyone will admire your clothes when they are cleaned by:
Nortthwest'ern^nd Vine $ts.
Phone 4081
(ZhfijL WIa6u an. Sa&jusl
ONE SEMESTER .
. . . . $1.75
TWO SEMESTERS ,
■ . . . $3.00
MAILER AIMYWRERE
$3.50
For the latest in Campus, City, and World lews ” ' 1.5.'' 'l ’
HEAD
THE
In ?! i '5
Yoiir Campus Paper Phone 4005