f ‘
The Week’s NEWS
Washington Pulling of an abcessed. lower right molar kept the home-loving President in Washington for his chestnutstuffed Thanksgiving turkey, prevented his annual trek to Warm Springs, Ga. This same tooth kept the Chief Executive from countless early-week appointments, but it will not prevent the First Sportsman of the Land from leaving tonight for a Florida fishing trip. In Friday’s press conference he aimounced he was sending a special message to Congress Monday. Why ? Industry is still in need of rejuvenation. By way of special stimulant the President is offering a plan of legislation to spur private financing of a laTge scale housing program. Lower interest rates and govetnment insurance of mortgages up to 90 percent of valuation, he believes, ■will do the trick.
“Congress should reduce the value of the dollar to 100 cents, then reg^ulate it and stabilize it there,” recommends the Senate Agricultural Committee, who completed Crops Control Bill this week. Present commodity value of the dollar, they report, is $1.19. For justification of such action, the committee points to the 40 percent gold devaluation of the dollar in 1933 and the ensuing higher
prices.
Included in the bill is Secretary Wallace’s ever-normal granary clause. It provides for government purchase of wheat when the supply reaches 10 percent above normal, and purchase of com when the normal supply is reached.
'Hell Bent Fer Heaven' Will Open In Fowler Hall Tomorrow Night At 7:30 “Hell Bent Fer Heaven,” Hatcher Hughes’ colorful drama of the Carolina mountains, will inaugurate Playshdp’s tenth season, as the curtain rises on the production in the new Fowler Hall theater to- ' morrow night at 7:30. Packed with sound effects and artistic scenery, ranging from roaring flood to a fancy lace brassiere, this season’s opener promises^ be one of the most enjoyable student productions that has appeared on the campus, according to the directors, H. Kenn Carmichael and Gilbert D. Williams.
Cast
The cast, headed by Loy E. Davis, of the English department, and Miss Cary L. Vaughan, a southern alumna from Spartanburg, S. C., includes Virginia Lee Ruddell, Burt Fielding, Robert Heine, Victor Somogyi, and Henry Baugh. The entire cast went through dress rehe^irsal yesterday afternoon. Predominant among the preparations, is the work of the productions committee, headed by George Glover, in developing the stormy effects that mark the dramatic high spot of the play. Weird contraptions, the hectic work of several weeks, add to the effectiveness of the presentation. Formal Opening Opening night will be formal, but the succeeding performances ■will be informal. The show will continue from tomorrow through Friday, at 7:30 each night, and on Saturday, December 4, the curtain •will rise at 8:00 p. m. Tickets are available at the box office in Fowler Hall, single admissions at 50 cents, and season passes at $1.50. John Dietrich And Playshop Set Crew Work Nights For Opening Show Monday
With talk of special-session adjournment December 18, action must be forthcoming if Congress is to accomplish even one of the President’s four points so laboriously outlined. Any hope of wage and hour consideration is already definitely abandoned. Despite the South’s Senate filibuster on the Anti-Lynching Bill, its backers have succeeded in placing it on the calendar as first consideration after farm legislation is complete. With wide variation existing between the House and Senate Farm Bills, several days of debate will be necessary before any action can be taken. War Smashing the su||)posedly impregnable Chinese “Hindenburg Line” at all points, Japanese forces continued their uninterrupted advance upon Nanking this week. Wusih, vital railway junction 100 miles southeast of Nanking, fell before Nipponese mechanized troops Wednesday. Japanese flyers, led by their ace pilot. Lieutenant Mochifumi Nango, dropped into the streets of Nanking Monday a message urging Generalissimo Chang Kai-Shek to suiyender. It was their first flight dver the city since the Chinese Central Government moved its offices to Chungking, 1,000 miles further inland.
United States, British, and other ambassadors officially evacuated Nanking Tuesday in the face of the Japanese drive on the former Chinese capital. The gunboat Luzon carried U. S. Ambassador Nelson T. Johnson and members of his staff to Hankow, in Hupeh pro'vince, where he established a temporary embassy.
Revolt burst forth in the Chinese army Friday for the first time since hostilities started. Three divisions of troops formerly under the command of General Hseuh-Liang, commander of the 29th Route army, had been ordered back from the “Hindenburg Line” because they refused to fight. Eight hundred soldiers were reported executed at Wusih after they refused to oppose the Japanese advance on that city.
Purdue Exponent
SUNDAY Noveiiiker28,1837 Lafayette, Lsdiana
VOL. 49
No. 64
By Dorothea Justin John Dietrich, Playshop theater manager and usually one of the sartorially resplendent instructors in the speech department, looked yesterday afternoon at 1:30 as if he had been on an all-week binge. His hair was on end, his coat off, his vest unbuttoned, his eyes still blue but bleary as he surveyed the upright flats, the fireplace that will all but hold a blazing fire in the rehearsal room. University Hall, fourth floor. « Dot Dot Robei^tson, sound effects man of the maniacs that are Playshop’s standbys, suggested that he clean up. Dietrich Airs Woes “Dot Dot,” began Dietrich, the troubles of the world in his sorrowful face, “I’ve been working here all night, since 4 o’clock yesterday afternoon. Brenman has too. Glover fizzled out on us at 4 this morning, and went to class later.” Dietrich’s voice grew mournful. “As soon as we get this ready for i^ehearsal, I’m going home. I’m going to take a hot bath and a cold
Harrison Will Speak At'AIEE Conference W. H. Harrison, national president of the AIEE, will be guest of honor at a dinner meeting of the central Indiana section of the AIEE oh December 2 at 6:30 p. m. in the Union Building. He will review recent changes of the Institute. At 8 p. m. the diners will adjourn to Room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building for a joint meeting of the Purdue student branches of the ASME and the AIEE. At this meeting Claude M. Hathaway, of the General Electric Company, will apeak on “Mechanical Measurements by Electricity.” Film slides showing devices for electrically measuring thickness, stress, pressure, and strain and how these instruments are used in industry today, will be used to illustrate the talk.
bath, and get something to eat. And then I’m going to work again in Fitwler Hall.” Starts In Again He laid down a hammer, picked up a saw, and started carpentering another Playshop masterpiece. His crew, glad for the respite, amused by his mock grief, began more vigorously to finish sets, sound effects, props, for the most technically difficult show Playshop has ever attempted. Behind stage, “Hell Bent Fer Heaven” may be as entertaining as the sho^ itself, Eb Glover, production manager, prophesies. Dietrich won’t talk about it anymore—^just keeps putting things together. Parkison Injured In Auto Accident Friday R. H. Parkison, who graduated from the University last summer, is now in the hospital at Greencastle, with his spine and both legs fractured. After hitting a dog, his car crashed Friday night on route 43. Parkison is assistant county agent of Parke county. While in school^ Parkison was one of the student team of livestock judges at the International live-stock show last year. He specialized in animal husbandry. Parkison was a member of Alpha Zeta and Hoof and Horn, agricultural honoraries, and editor of the Purdue Agriculturist. His brother is the present editor.
Yesterdo'y’s Scores
Notre Dame, 13; Southern California, 6. Army, 6; Navy, 0. Fordham, 20; N. Y. U., 7. Pittsburgh, 10; Duke, 0. Holy Cross, 20; Boston College, 0. Stanford, 0; Columbia, 0.
Old Santa Makes Triumphal Entry Into Lafayette By Jim McKee While Purdue students slept through their ten ©’clocks, Santa Clause came to Lafayette. Store windows are decorated, Christmas lights,line the streets and 'Wreaths encircle the street lights. Those few students who were in the city when they should have been in class saw Santa ride in on his sleigh, drawn by two white reindeer. Ten thousand lined Main Street to see the pageant. Last night the streets were still full of window shoppers. The “Shirley Temple” doll playing the organ attracted many. The old man with the whiskers said that 200 kids had been up to see him in two hours. No, no Purdue students had any requests.
Dr. Albert Coe To Talk On A Personal Philosophy Of Life' Today At 1030 Dr. Albert Buckner Coe, minister of the First Congregational Church of Oak Park, 111., will address the season's second Religious Convocation in Eliza Fowler Hall this morning at 10:30, concerning “A Personal Philosophy of Life.”
Dr. Coe will stress four points in
his lecture: know thyself, have intellectual curiosity, do the impossible, and have faith in God. Books are one of the best fields for widening one’s horizon, says he. J. Robert Hammond, EE '36, will be at the console of the new electric organ which has been installed in place of the old one. Hammond, whowas accompanist for the University choir while a student here, will play a special arrangement of “Rejoice Ye Pure in Heart,” by Leo Sowerby.
Boilermakers Get Fill Of Automotive Trends, improvements At S A E Show
By R. E. Insley
Though the Union’s fifteenth anniversary Clyde McCoy jam session made inroads on the audience, SAE attracted 9,000 visitors at their preview auto show in the Armory yesterday. Streamline-minded engineers and economic-minded townspeople joined forces to view the marvels of auto-science.
Old and young alike raced from
exihibit to exhibit opening doors, shifting the new remote-control transmissions, and marveling at the spaciousness and compactability of the new model cars and trucks. Two shotguns reclined auspiciously on the improvised bed behind the front seat of one popular model. Even though the ^tout Scarab didn’t show up for the preview, fans got their fill of streamlining in the new Zephers and Grahams. Circus Dog Chases Cat For diversification, the Spar Brothers put on a part of their indoor circus for the fans between looks. After the show, a trained canine stepped out of character to chase a cat over a couple of tables and around the movie projectors to the constellation of the operators. 27,581 Attend Short Courses Here In '37 According to figures compiled by T. R. Johnston, director of public information for the University, short courses and conferences attracted 27,681 persons to the University during the past year. These persons, from other states as well as from Indiana, attended 76 different meetings ranging in duration from one day to two weeks. The agricultural conference, held last January, attracted 7,026 persons from almost every county of the state. The 4-H club roupdup in June brought 2,300. Other large events of the year were attended as follows: road school, 756; welders conference, 560; canners’ school, 809; industrial and vocational arts roundup, 490; and annual debate conference, 750.
Pipe-Smoking Clyde McCoy Liked Purdue
Emrick Announces Band Promotions Promotions for six junior and
senior members'of the University band have been announced by Prof. P. S. Emrick. The promotions in military rank were based on proficiency in assigned military duties.
C. M. Jorgeson promoted to band
captain and chief drum major; R. D. Birge, to brevet captain and military oflicer; C. A. Reichelderfer, first lieutenant and assistant director; W. H. Deitch, brevet first lieutenant and supply officer; B. O. Pressler, brevet first lieutenant and personnel officer; and W. H. Smith, to second lieutenant and publicity
officer.
Wileman, Lewis, Mayer To Talk At ASAE Meeting R. H. Wileman will speak on “The Effect of Tir6 Sizes on Tractor Efficiency,” Prof. Frank C. Lewis, on A r*.-^ TkA{Y*«r ’Da'***^ struction,” and I. D. Mayer, on “Results of Field Tests with Small Combines,” at the fall meeting of the American Society of Agricultural Engineers at Chicago November 29 to December 2.
NYA Workers Checks for period ending November 9 are now available at cashier’s office in Executive building. W. W. Hollenabe University Cashier.
Stan From Union Turkey Day Show To Shine Tonight In the Union ballroom this evening at 5:15 Lou Schillingr’s band will play for the “Gold and Black Fantasy.” Stars from the “Black and Tan Fantasy” of last Thursday will again perform for the public. Henry Miller, who announced for the Pontiac Varsity Show, will announce the progfram. Benny Bums will be Henry’s stooge. The Sexton Sisters, Marge Starrett, Jerry Ciral, and Dorothy Martin, will be on the program, which will be a pint sized reproduction of the original “Fantasy.” Violinist, Pianist To Play In Music Room This afternoon the Union will present another of its Sunday afternoon programs in the music room at 4 o’clock. Frances Buxton, violinist, and Mrs. C. Haven Smalley, pianist will play. The afternoon’s program will include works of Handel, Beethoven, Bach, and Ysaye. The program ■will consist of: Program 1. Handel Sonata (A Major) Andante, Allegro, Adagio, Al-
legro.
2. Beethoven Sonata Op. 24 Allegro, Adagio molto espr^ssive. Scherzo, Rondo. 3. Friedemann Bach . .. .Grave Dittersdorf Scherzo Ernest Bloch....Vidui (Ball Shem) 4. Ysaye Reve d’Enfant Fiocco Allegro Alumni Club Moves To New Quarters Purdue University’s Alumni Club of New York City, recently transferred the meeting place of their regular Wednesday luncheons from the Bedford Hotel to the White Hotel. This idea of a weekly luncheon was originated early teis fall,'and attendance is continually increasing. Plans are under ■way for the regular Dean Potter evening in December •with N. R. Gagen, ’36, assisting Bruce Davidson in carrying out the program.
More evidence of Russian help for the Chinese government was unearthed Monday when authoritative sources announced 60 Russian fighting planes had been flown into China in the last two weeks. Based at Langchow, capital of Kansu province, about 1,000 miles in the interior, they will e-riidently be used to bolster the weakened Chinese air force. (Continued on page 4)
By Victoria Allen Thin, alert, casually smoking a pipe, Clyde McCoy didn’t look in need of sleep last night. The swarm of dancers down for a coke in the cafeteria, who had been swinging to McCoy rhythms, paid little attention to the band leader, but looked often and long at the three white formaled girls from San Antonio, Texas, drinking cokes with him. “Fans mob the girls—they really are southern, too—but don’t mob me. I'm glad the Purdue crowd let us leave the ballroom, and sit here quietly. Manners aren't so good in
some other places,” moaned McCoy. Up Since Wednesday He winked his eyes. “I’ve been up since Wednesday night. We’ve been traveling about 400 miles a day since we left the Palamar in California, stopping off to play every other day.” “I started catching up on sleep yesterday, but I’d like more.” Driving 75 miles an hour over the continental divide trying to escape a snow storm in Utah last week, the band’s cars met eight black wild horses in the road. The horses reared up, letting the cars by, but
the orchestra leader took out $100,000 liability insurance next day. “First time I had taken liability policies, but such a close shave convinced me,” smiled McCoy. \ McCoy Likes Purdue Other remarks made by McCoy during the intermission were that he liked the informality of the Friday dance and last night’s mixer, the short skirts, Purdue manners in general, that the students at his jam session knew their swing music, that the Union was swell. He liked Purdue; Purdue liked him!
Religious Convocation: Dr. Albert Bucknei' Coe, minister of the First Congregational Church, Oak Park, 111., will speak in Fowler Hall at 10:30 this morning on the subject, “A Personal Philosophy of Life.” ' West Lafayette Methodist: Dean Fisher will teach the men’s Sunday School class this morning at 9:30 in the church. The co-ed class •will meet with Mrs. McFadden at the Wesley Foundation House. Professop Hildebrand, of DePauf University, will speak at the regular morning church service at 10:40. The Wesley Players will present Zona Gale’s “Neighbor” tonight at 6:30 in the church. First Christian: C. E. Dammon will teach the 9:80 student c^asa on the topic, “Tradi-
tions and Inspiration.” The morning worship will start at 10:40. The regular social hour and lunch ■will conducted in the basement of the church at 5:30 this afternoon. At 6:30 the young people’s discussion group will be led by Herschel Boll. Rev. R. F. Thornton will speak on “What my Church Means to Me” at 7 p. m. West Lafayette Baj^tisi: Reverend Gleason will te%ch the regular Sunday School class at 9:30 this morning. At 5:30 p. m, the Roger Williams dub social hour will be held, followed by a ten cent lunch. Music will be furnished the Forestry club’s Hill Billy orchestra. At 6:80 Art Keppler will speak at the discussion group on **What Should a College Church OSw to a College Stuftent?”4
wm
T r ^
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
Sunday* November 28* 1937
‘Our New Athletic Plant... .. and mcieased staff will provide at Purdue facilities and leadership to meet the need for the preparation of straight limbed, clear eyed engineers, agricultuiists, chemists, and the like, rather than allow men to graduate who are figuratively physical question marks, social wall flowers, and heath hypochondriacs.” Thus wiites Dr Floyd Eastwood, the University’s new piofessoi of physical education, in the Novembei Alumnus Theie is a program that may build itself into a part of University tiaining equally as valuable to many students as their actual academic activity As Dr Eastwood points out in his article, a person’s entire mental make-up is detei mined and influenced gieatly by motor activity, which in turn depends on the geneial health of the body Health of mind and health of body are linked togethei insepaiably Just as a stiong physical charactei conduces to noimal mental functions, so does an active mind make foi good health and for longevity Octogenerians come from the ranks of people who have been too busy to think of being ill and who are too active to think of dying While athletic lecreation and coirective physical training will accomplish a pait of the physical education program, the “education” part must not be forgotten Discipline in directing everyday working, eating, and sleeping habits is more important than the actual exeicise pait of the course Attempts at turning out as Purdue graduates only men and women who are physically fit will of course meet seiious obstacles obstacles set up by student firilancial handicaps We know students in the University today who cannot affoid sufficient and proper food, students who ovei crowd themselves into rooming houses to save money yet who pay a toll in health, students who need dental attention, who need glasses or corrective oculai treatment, who should have their tonsils removed, or who need other medical treatment which would requiie fees they do not have the money to pay This stumbling block is one which will probably ^ nevei be removed entiiely, but it will not prevent health education work of the Umversity from serving
the Purdue Exponent
E» crt Pbssoeiuted ‘Jlresf ~ ■ ' HMXSOM WISOOWSW Entered as second class matter at the x>08t office fa Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Ckmgrees of Ifareh 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postase provided for in section 1108, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorized Jan 20, 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session Campus subscriptions $8 per year, by mail (8 60 RBPRHBBNTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BV National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave New York N Y CHICACO BOSTOH LOS ANGELES SaIi FRANCISCO MAIN OFFICE 312 N Fifth St. Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6037 Business Phone 6038 UNION OFFICE Room E Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
Editor-In-Chief
Bnsinesa Manager
R. P. Manion
D.C. Miller
PUBUCATION STAFF Managing Editor J E Brock Associate Editors _ DA Bailey, L. S Hardin G D Schroeder, H I Stanback D B. Vance Editor s Secretary Margaret Sawyer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager J P Girard National Advertising Manager _ W J Gillilan Local Advertising Manager _ R R Hensler Circulation Manager M C Reeves
CO-ED STAFF
Elizabeth Pyke Mary Cooley Dorothea Justin
Sally McKee
SPORTS STAFF R. F Obenchain
J S Brown, R L. McDonald,
B D Witwer
Editor
Associate Editors
Editor . Associate Editors
This pewspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University All opinions in it unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in chief Issue Editor—Frederick Night Editor—Stanback Sunday, November 28, 1937
an extiemely essential function Dr Eastwood, as supervisor of teacher training and health education in “the department of physical education, has in front of him a program that can scarcely move forward too rapidly
Letters to the Editor
Any letter to the editor must not exceed 150 WORDS in length, and must be accompanied by the writer's signature. Unless otherwise requested, the author's name will be published with his letter For A Longer Thanksgiving Holiday Dear Editor* Puidue students should be thank ful that they had only a one day vacation at Thanksgiving No telling what might have happened if we weie allowed to spend the weekend at home stuffing ourselves with loast turkey, dressing, steaming home made gravy, mother’s warm mince meat pie, and all the holiday trimmings Imagine forsaking our studies for another day and a half and losing all that intense studying we did Thursday Sarcastic a"i 17 Hvpryonp on the campus IS sarcastic when this sub ject is mentioned I can see that it would disrupt the program of this academic yeai if unscheduled vacations were granted, but it was known when the program was being developed that the students were in favor of a longer Thanksgiving vacation There aie over 4,000 University students from Indiana who would appreciate this vacation, not to mention those living just outside the
By Sally McKee The pony chorus may dance eight abreast across the stage, aims locked togethei, and we’ll applaud vigorously, but when the ordinary you and I tiy to block the sidewalk, all we can do is boo The boys in uniform are the woist offenders They rush out of the Aimory at 11 50 on Tuesdays and Thursdays, and if a tender female must walk counter to their seething mass she will find that she must walk off the sidewalk more than on it Co-eds offend too They adore their chums so much that each must walk with the other until a whole
soiority class may leave the Union and head foi the house making a blockade which even the best Boilermaker line ciasher can’t open up Oh, please, let s have pity on the other fellow Tiy not to walk more than two abreast unless you can fly
state Not only the students, but also their parents applaud such a vacation It seems to me that, when the school year is being planned, those in charge could adjust registration so as to advance the first day of the school week from Thursday to Monday, and thus compensate for the days lost in permitting Purdue’s allAmerican students to really enjoy an all-American holiday. Thanksgiving H. D. McDonald, ME ’40.
Blasting its way out of tho strooh of a great city—with all it* conflict, hvwor and romance—com** tho yoor’s most brilliant motion pictuiol
* t.
»farrih0
TODAY!
SYLVIA SIDNEY ..d JOEL McCREA wtHt Hnapbrey BogartBaraifl Clafa^ Tmmr • Alleii JMridM MARS
For the night when the B&B ed has a headache or a hangover, Joe Keyhole, New York correspondent, sends in this substitution. Miss Willoughby: How is a bustle like a historical romance? Clothing Fresh-ette: Both are fictitious tales based on stern reality. True-blue men-of-iron eds who depend on home-town letters for love and romance (but don’t get any) may be interested m other arrangements, to wit We can advise that the biggest return on a 3c stamp that we have received to date is the 1172 page business reply from Sears, Roebuck and Co Football season’s over. Rah-rah is on the wane. Now we can resume once more Our fractured anti-noise campaign A close second in quantity is Montgomeiy Ward’s answer of 934 pages Yellow slips can’t count as par ticularly inspirational communica tions Marks’ “Handbook for Mechanical Engineers” is ruled out on a technicality HOW TO WIN FEMMES AND INFLUENCE PEOPLE Thou shalt not condemn all co-eds for the sms of a few. He who steals his brother’s date IS like a Sox rooter at Wnglev Field Thou shalt cultivate the one who makes you want to give up notions living and renew thy childhood acquaintance with the birds and flowers (Continued on page 3)
ARC
Today and Monday
# 1
Met Him In Pans Star in Gay New Hit’ IVIAflRIED 1.^ iiEAKFAST *|ith / ROBERT YOUNG FLORENCE RICE M G M Summertime Romance' —PLUS— “March of Time”
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
‘See, dear—if we sell those two shares now we’ll make a killmg if the broker’s commission doesn’t eat up the profit!”
Gold-mad Yukon days live again as this matchless love story unfolds to thrill your heart!
lonl
wi’''
I*’'*** .!
Stiffs TODAY LUMA
NOW SHOWING 4 BIG DAYS
t h e ’ f +Y\e offo" Se.' G«Meriy'’ » " J of “"’Meioay'ITYT’l? A f MICKEY EaIKA. mouse
GENE RiYiOND NANCY CARHOLL / • lACK lENNY •) AND MANY MANY niNEfiS A UNITED miSTS
MARCH OF TIME
NEWS EVENTS
HELL BENT
PER
HEAVEN.
• • • •
• • •
• •
OPENS THE New University Theatre in Eliza Fowler Hall ★ FORMAL OPENING ]\|onday9 November 29, 7:30 P. M.
Performances Continuing Through
TUESDAY
November 30
7:30 p. m.
WEDNESDAY .Pecember 1
7:30 p. m.
THURSDAY
December 2
7:30 n. m.
and
SATURDAY
December 4
8:00 p. m.
1 Single Admission
50c
PRICES ]
1 Season
$1.50
Box Office
in Eliza Fowler Hall— Curtain Time Daily
-1 p.m. to
Hatcher Hughes’ drama of the Caroline mountains inaugurates Playshop’s tenth season which will include three additional stage successes.
Campus Plays ... on a Campus Stage .. .at Campus Prices/
5 VV
Sunday. NoveUib^r 28.1837
THE PUBDIJE EXPONENT
Wisconsin Awaits Glimpse Of^etmen
Wisconsin basketball fans are awaiting with keen interest their first glimpse of an exceptional freshman player—Don Timmerman, of Sioux Falls, S. D. Timmerman is the tallest player ever to report at Wisconsin, standing 6 feet 9% inches in his stocking feet. He is in no sense a physical “freak,” his 200 pounds being distributed over a well' proportioned, muscular frame. Moreover, the giant freshman is an active, well coordinated athlete who has cleared 6 feet in the high jump and better than 22 feet in the broad jump.
Inaugural Presentation Of Aguacade Occupies Sports Spotlight Next Week
Touchball
Monday, November 29 Field Official 5— ATO vs Delta Chi—Boyer-Bill-ings. 6— Phi Delta Theta vs Phi Kappa Tau—Captain-Jyillard. 7— Theta Chi vs Alpha Chi Kho— Briscoe-Leppla.' Cary Hall: 8— N-1 vs E-3—^Boyd. 9— N-2 vs N-3—^Van Hook. 10—Annex vs E-2—Smithson.
Basketball
Monday, November 29
Court 1—Kriegbaum. 7:00—Ward 7 ys Ward 2X 7:15—^Ward 3 vs Ward 2 8:25—^Ward 8 vs Ward 10 8:40—Ward 9 vs Ward 5 Court 2—Aronson. 7:00—Ward 6 vs Ward 14 7:1-5—Ward 11 vs Ward 17 8:25—Cary Hall 1 vs Ward 17X 8:40—Cary Hall 4 vs Ward 4 Court 3—Daugherty. 7:00—Ward IIB vs Cary Hall 6 7:15—Ward 12X vs Ward 13 8:25—Cary Hall 5 vs Ward llA 8:40—Ward lOX vs Ward 7X
Purdue’s aquatic luminaries 'will take the spotlight next week end when the Dolphin and Triton clubs present “A Life Guard’s Dream” in the new Fieldhouse pool on Friday and Saturday.
Built around the theme of a life guard seeing all that goes on in a dream, the program will open With the presentation of the queen of the carnival and will then swing into rhythm with a formation swim by the Tritons to the music of a band led
by Bob Phillips.
Comedy Comedy is next achieved by a mattress face, and then the Nicholbson sisters will present an original skit. Water Polo by the swimming team, followed by a life saving act, precedes the diving event which is a headliner on the program by reason of its personnel. Barbara Cook and Claudia Eckert are two of the form artists who will take part. They have both achieved national fame through their aquatic skill. The program is drawn to a close by exhibition relays and the finale. Small Accommodation There are 400 seats available for each night so that only 800 people can be accommodated for this new feature of the Purdue sports roster. Tickets can be obtained for 35 cents at the Union desk or from members of the Dolphin and Reamers clubs.
Goldstein Wins Golf Crown, Beats Hoffer
Hyman Goldstein of Sigma Alpha Mu won out in the race for the AllCampus Golf championship yesterday afternoon by defeating Bob Hoffer.
After plhying the round of eighteen holes, both men were tied at 71 apiece. They planned to play four more holes as a play-off but the weather turned worse,^ so they only played one more, Goldstein taking it with one up and winning his crown.
When you show your
school to your parents don't forget the
Union
A reservation here in the
dignified atmosphere n of the
transient wing will give them an ever
pleasant thought of Purdue
JhSL fiundjusL WsumhiaL UniofL
Cornlsr of the Campus—Yet the Center of ActiviHes
Wade Klllefer, Former Purdue Diamond Star, To Manage Coast Team
Wade Killefer, former Purdu^ baseball star, announced his resignation as manager of the Indianapolis Indians, Monday, to become manager of the New Hollywood club of the Pacific Coast league. Killefer will be remembered as one of the Purdue baseball stars of former years to follow the game after his college career. He got his big start at Purdue, where he learned the fundamentals of baseball, and gained the background for his profession. Mighigan Player After playing at Purdue Killefer played at the University of Michigan before starting on his professional career. In recent years he has played league ball with Detroit, Washington, Cincinnati, the New York Giants, Louisville, and Minneapolis. In 1932 Killefer became manager of the Indianapolis Indians, after managing teams at Los Angeles, Seattle and San Francisco.
Phi Delta Theta Leads In Fraternity Competition Up to date, the Phi Delta Theta
fraternity has received the highest total of points in inter-fraternity competition. They received first place in fall golf and softball and now have a total of 115 points. Alpha Gamma Rho fraternity is in second place with a score of 105. They placed second in the softball tournament.
^ By B. D. Witwer Purdue’s brothers of the backfield take today’s biographical spotlight: “Cec” and Cody IsbelL^... The pride of Houston, Texas, and of the Phi Delt’s. . . . Throughout the season tTheir coordinated action on laterals, passes and place kicks brought fans to their feet howling their enthus-
iasm many a time. * —fc-
CQDY iSBElL!
Voted Purdue’s most valual^e player, picked on all-conference
iS‘S£H squads, and in general given a popu-
lar ovation fitting for his performances during the year on the grid-
iron is “Cec” Isbell.
' —^fc—
Everyone is familiar with “Cec’s” grid abilities but not all are aware of his versatility in the line of sports. . . . He is playing basketball with
a local league this year and last spring he pitched and batted the Phi
Delt’s to their inter-fraternity baseball championship. —fc— Field general of the Boilermaker crew, closing his college grid career this year, is Cody Isbell. . . . He graduated from high school a year ahead of “Cec” so he went to a prep school until his brother got out and then they both came to Purdue. —^fc— Interfratermty sports also take a lot of Cody’s time as he goes in for basketball, baseball, volley-ball, and what have you... . He may go in for pro football next year along with his' brother but they are both undecided as yet as to their future careers.
Boilermaker Fencing Team Opens Season With Army Men At Rantoul Dec. 11
Following close behind is Theta Chi fraternity. Having placed sec-| ond in the fall golf tourney; their total number of points is 103.
Purdue’s fencing squad will open its competitive season on December 11 when it meets the Army duelists from Chanute Field at Rantoul, 111. They defeated the Riveters in the opening meet last year by a close margin. Representing a slightly larger squad than in former years, 20 Boilermaker fencing enthusiasts are working out daily in the Fieldhouse in preparation for elimination contests that will be run off next week. Winners of these contests will compose the team that will meet Rantoul. The team has tentative Big Ten meets scheduled after the Christmas vacation with Wisconsin, Northwestern, Illinois, Chicago, and Ohio State.
House Of Davis Wins in First Basketball Game
• the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
Bookstores —
SOUTHWORTH’S
Everything for the Purdue Student
“DEAC” Everything for a CoUege Education H. G. REISNER
— Beauty Studio —
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE e Co-ed Specials, Thurs. - Fri. KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727
— Dine
fludifL
DINE ' DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Lindbergh Road
Furniture
Student Equipment
JuAnjUtiuM 00.
425 Columbia SL Phone 2728
— Hardware —
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE
PAINTS FLOOR WAX
J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN
— Florist —
(Hath 3‘h/d&i
Inc.
635 MiUn St. in Lank Thentr* Baildinc
Phone 7955—8050
PROFESSIONAL
The Risk Dental Clinic aS.PaULA.U8K aK.HASOLDJ. BISK DR. ROBERT 6. RISK RR. LUTHER A. RISK^ 4th & Main Phone 5701
—Printing—
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE _
^Office Stollonety. Wedding InviUiionf
PHONE - Sel..Book..Ete., 2 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408 FERRY
Locksmith
F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths
Automobile ker and loek service ear ■peeieltjr. L. C. M. Deor Ooaer Dlitribatoni
209-211 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
House of Davis (Ward 2X) basketball players opened their intramural season in Memorial Gymnasium last night with a 40 to 10 victory over Ward 3. The winners were leading 22 to 7 at halftime. Higgins paced the House of Davis netmen with five field goals, while Devaney, Egnatz, and Kochlas scored three baskets each. Fritz and Borroughs collected all 10 points for Ward 3.
—TODAY— Religious Convo: Dr. Albert Buckner Coexwill speak at 10:30 a. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall.
Musical Program: Music room program at 4 p. m. in the Memorial Union Music Room.
Ten Minute Movie Takes Ten Months To Produce
Pete Smith’s latest “Pete Smith Specialtj^’ to be shown at the Mars Theatre this week is the “Romance of Radium.” This specialty makes the three years of “The Good Earth” filming seem short, for the ten minutes of radium movies took-'- ten months to film.
Boxers Working Oof In Reldhouse; Begin
Eliminations Dec. 10
.V
Coach “Punchy” Maxwell’s boxers who moved into their new quarters in the Fieldhouse Monday, will see competitive action in the first elimination bouts, December 10. Each entrant will fight three rounds of two minutes each. This first elimination will include about 15 bouts with the finals set for December 16.
Maxwell said that only a few of the 65 boxing aspirants followed the team when it moved early this week. Those few, along with some new men, are working out each day in the Fieldhouse. The second heavyweight candidate signed up yesterday, and another light heavyweight was added to the group to swell the list of members in the two classes which have had the least number of contestants up to this time.
Notre Dame Defeats
Southern Cal., 13-6
Notre Dame came from behind in the second quarter in their fracas with Southern California yesterday, at South Bend, and overcame a six point lead by pushing across a touchdown in both the third and fourth quarters to emerge victors by a 13-6 count.
B&B
(Continued from page 2)
Choose a co-ed rather than try to convince a town-girl that thou art tougher than a whole block-full of her gas-house boy friends. Check thy pin in the house-man-ager’s lock-box before every date, particularly if she’s what you thought angels looked like when you were ten years old! Tenderness and devotion of an art collector handling an original Ming vase is not for co-eds — be FIRM and then duck!
Many technical and safety problems faced Smith in the filming of the picture. Special hoods had to be made to protect the cast from the radium rays, a camera which would
withstand the rays and produce a clear picture had to be developed, and an exact model of the Curie laboratory of 1900 had to be reproduced.
Joe sez a Mars pass is NG in New York but he’ll take a double Annie Oakley to Geo. M. Cohan’s “I’d Rather Be Right—”
Out of tBte Education Department comes a zippy “classroom quote.” Prof. Noss (to a roomfull of coeds) : When I marry I’ll expect my wife to take me for what I am. I
shall never consider getting a toupe.
But remember Professor old chum it’s the husband that always has toupe.
Fieldhouse Offers To Purdue Students Much In Way Of Recreational Activity
By Jim Hebbeler Many students going to the new gym for recreation do not realize that they have already paid for lockers and need only pay a one dollar deposit at the cashier’s office, get the health service OK, and present the slip at the gym office to get a permanent locker. Get Your Lockers Although temporary lockers are available at the present, everyone is urged to get their regular lockers as soon as possible to lessen the attendant’s work of keeping track of the daily lockers. The new gym presents opportunities for almost any kind of sport, minor or major. There is no lack of ping pong tables or badminton courts, as there are seven tables and eight courts for the enthusiasts. On the main floor, in room 106, there
are four ping pong tables for persons in street shoes, while the three ; tables in the gym may be used only by persons with gym or tennis shoes. Badminton At the present time, five of the badminton courts cannot be used as they are laid out on the gym floor, but there are two on the west side of the gym on the space to be used for hand ball and one each on the balcony and in the fencing room. Reservations for these courts may be made by the hour by calling the Intramural department. The new swimming pool is also open to everyone throughout the day. It is open from 8 a. m. to 11:30 a. m., from 1:30 p. m. until the varsity takes it over at about 4 in the afternoon, and from 7 p. m. to 9:30 p. m.
Try a Better American or Chinese Dinner at THE NU CHINA CAFE
409 Columbia Street Also meet us for short orders or sandwiches after the show. We send out orders to sororities and fraternities for banquets.THE POBDUE EXPONEN1
'Sutiday< November 28« 1,937
American Chinese, numbering 75,000, in the near future may be unable to learn the fate of their loved ones in bombshelled China. Yesterday, Japan seized all Chinese postal, radio, and cable offices in Shanghai, which in the past have served as China’s chief international communications agency. Because foreign cable and radio companies in Shanghai agreed to accept outgoing messages from only the Chinese government a serious international crisis may occur should Japan attempt to control these companies. Communication rights of the American Commercial Pacific Cable and the Radio Cor-poration-of America in the area may suffer.
“Pack Up Your Troubles in Your Old Kit Bag” was the theme song of the delegates to the Brussels ninepower conference, called to settle the Smo-Japanese war, as they scattered to the four corners of the globe Wednesday, following a complete collapse of mediation in the Far East question.
Honor, a Duke’s honor, cost William Heinemann, Ltd., of London, $50,000. Insinuations against the Duke and Duchess of Windsor published in “Coronation Commentary” by the firm ended this week in an out-of-court settlement of the libel suit pressed by Edward.
By Mary Cooley “Sleep vs. Class Ofj^cers” was the title of the editorial attack made by the Ohio State Lantern on sophomore and junior class officers. When the issuejWas first raised, the editor announced the stand of the paper would be to support the proposal for abolishment of class officers, aL though they wouldn’t “lose any sleep over the matter.” Now that the Student Senate is taking up the issue, they have shown that these officers do nothing. “Last year the sophomore class president did not attempt to call any meetings of his cabinet nor were any reports made to the Student Senate as required by the constitution . . . The presidents of these classes perform a single duty. They lead the grand march at their respective class proms. And that honor should go to the chairman of the proms. They’re the men who do all the work.” The editor has been convinced; he says “We’re willing to sit up all night every night if it will help pass the resolution.” Salem College, m 1732, had—and enforced—these regulations: “1. Baths can be taken only by permission, at times indicated by the professor. 2. Sleeping quarters are not to be visited by students during the day. ' 3. The strictest order is to be observed in the embroidery room. 4. Pupils aie never to go out of sight or hearing of the professor when walking.”
Reports, conflicting in nature, indicate the possibility of at least partial payment of the original British war debt of $4,600,000,000 to Uncle Sam. Some authorities believe a settlement on the basis of a 50 per cent recompense will be made — others foresee the resumption of the token payments. Labor Strike! Costly to labor and capital alike, yet the working man still uses it as his chief weapon in the fight to better working conditions and wages. Most important of strikes this week was called by approximately 1,300 Greyhound bus drivers Thursday. The union asked for a closed shop and wage adjustments but no agrreement could be reached with the company. Company officials stated they were paying highest wages in the history of the industry and indicated they would attempt to run busses in spite of the strike. Friday saw busses operating under police protection while federal conciliators attempted to bring the union and the company together.
insisted upon the suspension of four employees blamed for a previous unauthorized strike. National His Chicago sweetheart’s innocent “white lie” was blamed for a suicide of 17-year-ol^ military school cadet Warren Sinclair Stanley early last Sunday. Loretta Harynek, 15-year-old high school girl, who claims Stanley married her, told her story at the inquest Monday. “I told him I was going to have a baby. It really wasn’t true at all, but I only said it to make him happy.” Blue Island, 111., police chased Stanley for miles after recognizing a stolen car he was driving. They caught up with him only after he had wrecked the auto and sent a .45 caliber revolver bullet into his temple.
Most unusual of strikes was the one of 115 telegraph operators in Philadelphia Friday. The operators quit work when a CIO organizer blew his whistle and remained in the office on a “stand-up strike.” Strikers announced they want union^ recogrnition and abolishment of “chisel\ing on the 44-hour working weekv”
Inauthorized strikes—headaches to both labor unions and capital entered the picture early this week when 500 workers in the closed plant of the Fisher Body Company terminated their six-day sit-down strike on Monday after Homer Mar tin, president of United Automobile Workers Union, pledged with them to resume work. The strike began November 17 without warning when the men refused to work because the company
Co-Edits
Two weeks ago the “yellow peril” descended upon us again,, and the usual statistics follow, in its wake. Thirty-one percent of all co-eds received yellow slips, while forty percent of all freshmen women received these marks of delinquency. Howevex*) only thirty-two percent of the freshman co-eds living in the Residence Halls w^e sent the notices. To put it another way, freshmen living in the Residence Halls rate 20 percent higher scholastically than those who live outside the Halls. Sts^istics from previous years bear out this ratio. Such a remarkable dilference in scholastic standing deserves investigation. We are interested in determining why Residence Hall freshmen get better grades, and what can be done for those who live in other houses. Since study conditions are more or less similar, the answer to our first question must lie in the fact that there is a tutor system available at the Halls. Graduate students, faculty membeis, and the Residence Hall staff itself offer their services to those who need aid. Regular study halls are held every night with a person capable of giving aid in charge. Residence Hall girls, by contributing a small fee, are able to secure the services of professors in preparation foi important tests. The grade cards which the Residence Hall staff sends out for every girl at the end of the first six or eight weeks prove to be an inspiration to those who, are doing well, and an incentive toward bettei work to those who are receiving poor grades. Merely knowing whether one IS passing in a subject is not enough. Although it is impossible to give a definite grade in some subjects at the time, still the cards are valuable enough to merit the continuance of the system. After determining the factors behind the good academic showing of the Residence Halls we may better attack the problem of aiding those girls who live in other residences. First, some means of obtaining tutors without paying exorbitant fees must be determined. The present tutor system is contrary to the spirit of a state university. The system of sending out grade cards might also be put into use for all freshmen. While the faculty committee system is still merely a proposal, still it points toward the day when all co-eds will get an even “break” academically—^B. J. W.
Classified Ads
/
Have you something to buy, sell or find ? If so, you need no longer travel all the way over to the Exponent office in Lafayette. Anyone wishing to place a classified ad may now do so at the desk in the Memorial Union Building. Ads must be handed in not later than 6 p. m. in order to appear in the next morning’s Exponent.
Union workers are tequeBte4 to meet with their Vice-presidents in the Union woekshpp, November 80 at 4 p. m. Important meeting, as all work hours up to December 26 will be announced. —PUTZE.
Flying Cltih: Please meet at the airport at 2:80 November 28. Debris pictures will taken at that time. Those having no transportatioq meet at the East door of Union ^ —^ONWAY.
Orchesis: Practice November 28 in the Womert’s Gym. —HARRY.
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
Wanted: Washing. Ten shirts for $1.00. First class work. Also flat work. Phone 7266.
Wanted: Student and Wife, she to do a few hours work for their board. Call Mrs. Coe, 6734.
Notices M« Notices Accepted After 8 p.m.
WAA Volleyball: Practice and discussion of rules November 29 at 4 p m —RODERICK
Alpha Phi Omega: I have several keys belonging to members of Alpha Phi Omega Will the owners please come and get them at Triangle House by November 30 —FRANCOS
Union Sophomores: Will our committees please meet in the music room at 3 :46 p. m November 28 Important -WOOD, CABONARGI WAA Riflery: Practice November 29, Ward 4, G :16 p. m., Ward 1, 7 . WRH North 7 :46 , makeup at 8 :30 Seven practices must be in by December 2 to be eligible for rifle team —CHRISTENSON
Sophomore Co-ed Debate Managers: There will be a demand meeting in room 301 of University Hall November 30, at 4 p. m. —HINER.
Union Sophomores: Will our committees please meet in the Union office at 4 p. m November 29 ' —JACOBSON & GARLAND.
Sophomore Union Workers: All sophomore
The highest grade of Pasteurized Milk SUNSHINE FARMS 807 N. 4th St.
Shuffleboard and Ping-Poitg: Call out for interested co-eds November 29 at 4 p. m. in Women’s Gym. Sign on bulletin board. —BLANK.
Aquacade: There will be a practice for all participants in the aquacade in the new pool November 29 at 7:80 p. m. . —ARMSTRONG.
WSGA Activities Committee: Very important meeting in the office November 29, at 4 p. m. Everyone please be thert, —JONES.
Playshop Stage Crew: It is important to be in the sub-basement of the Union Building November 28 at 1:80 p. m. AJi members are requested to be there. —breHman.
CE S and CB 10 (Camp): Examinations for the removal of conditions will be held in CE 101 December 4 at 1 p. m. Gqt permits in CE 102 before December 1. —TODD.
Co-eds: Shuffle Board and Ping Pong call-outs November 30 at 4:00 p. m. in the Women’s Gym- Sign up on the bulletin board. Everyone interested please come. —BLANK.
Prom and Gala Week Petitions: AH petitions must be turned in to Senate office, room A in the Union, between 4 and 6 p. m,, not later than November 30. Earlier if possible. —ROHYANS.
Camera Club: Prints to be eligible for annual exhibit must be in by December 1. —SAMUELSON.
Debris Sales Staff: Every Debris salesman is requested to be in Debris office November 29 at 4 o’clock without fail. —SIBBENTHAL.
POMM: Meeting called for 6 p. m., November 30. All actives and pledges must be in formal uniform. —SPRINGMAN.
Glider Club: All members report to the airport November 28, at 2:30 for Debris picture. —MOORE.
Omicron Nu: Meeting in Home Economics Building November 29 at 4 p. m. —MURPHY.
PIA Dance Class: The beginning dance class will be held in the Union ballroom at 4 p, m. November 29. Eveiyone who was not at the 7:30 class November 23, is required to be there. The advance class will be held in the Union ballroom at 7:30 p. m. November 29. —CLYMBR.
WAA Deck Tennis—All co-eds interested in playing sign up for double tournament on bulletin board in gym before November 30. —JENKINS.
Purdue Engineer: All editorial staff members report for work November 29 at 4 o’clock. —PRECHTBR.
132 Vine St. W. Lafayette
641 Main St. Lafayette
Your Laundry and Dry Cleaning will be done right if you send it to the AMERICAN. I Remember that we give you 10% discount on all Laundry brought in and called for at our West Lafayette office. Call 3085 for pick up and delivery.
AMERICAN UUNDRY
Firemen Friday battled a twoa^larm blaze in a wing of Cleveland Ohio’s, St. Ann Maternity Hospital, where over 100 mothers and babies were housed. Seventeen mothers with newborn infants were swiftly removed from the burning hospital section as all Cleveland’s downtown fire apparatus and every available ambulance were rushed to the scene.
Lorraine Frechette, 16, attended St. Teresa’s Catholic Church in Dracut, Mass., Wednesday. Crippled for nine months by inflammatory rheU' matism, she had to be carried to her pew by her older brother. Towards the end of the services she called to her father, “Daddy, think I can walk.” The parish watched in awe as she rose unassisted' and walked out of the church. -
America’s 38th annual International Livestock Show opened yesterday morning in Chicago’s Inter national amphitheater. Nearly 13,000 animals were housed in pens and stalls waiting their turn to he exhibited.
We have Wright’s Spun Aluminum Individual Cheese Sets, Fruit Baskets, Bun Warmers, Candy Bowls and many other articles. Purchase a new, smart, beautiful Christmas gift. You ought to see them. H. G. “Deac” REISNER Book store
AM