i
v"' stv,^ ,.
i . h
SPORTS ^ Riveters Prepare For Seeson Opener
Volume 53, No. 73
West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, OooeiiiS»«r 7, l|ll
Erika Mann To Te//B£TTY WASON TO TALK AT CONYO TODAY
Of Nazi Education
Methods Saturday Author, Lecturer To Speak On Theme, "SearcHlight Through The Blackout" Erika Mann, author and foreign war correspondent, will speak at a regularly scheduled University convocation to be held next SaturdaV night, at 7:30 p. m., in the Music Hall, it
W^s announced last ni^ht by Prof. J. T. Gunn, chairman of the semester, the University will offer
Debaters Close Two - Day Session
Student Legislators „ii,.iit n VetoDraftAgeShift Eflioff Will Talk
University Will Offer CoursesToStudents By Correspondence With the opening of the second
Varsity Debate Team ToOpposeOhio State, Illinois Here Tuesday University varsity debate teams will engage teams from Illinois and Ohio State on the campus Tuesday and Wednesday of this week as the varsity debate season gets underat- way. On Tuesday afternoon at 4 p. m. in the East Faculty Lounge of
tive team composed of William Swager and Maurice Udes will debate the negative team of Illinois on the question, Eesolved: that
committee in charge.
Miss Mann, who will talk on “Searchlight Through the Blackout,” was a native of Germany before Hitler came tp power and since that time she has maintained joint residence in Europe and the United States. She was in Czechoslovakia during the Munich crisis and she visited Republican Spain during the days of the invasion under Franco. Also she lived in France and other nations of Western Europe just be-
fore the start of the war. Witnessed First Attacks
Miss Mann was in England during the first. full-scale aerial tacks by the Nazis on London and she addressed the peoples of occupied Europe over the British Boardcasting Corporation. Her radio speeches had such a large audience in Germany that the Propaganda
Ministi’y of Dr. Goebbels was forced every able bodied male citizen in
to initiate a counter series and conduct open attacks upon Miss Mann. During the last summer Miss Mann served as correspondent for a number of American and Canadian
newspapers and magazines.
Miss Mann is the author of “School for Barbarians,” an account Of Nazi educational methods; “The Lights Go Down,” a collection of pathetic and authentic stories of mid^lp-class Germans who refused to recognize the menace of HitTer~ isnl during the years of its rise to power; gnd collaboratoi with her brother Klaus in writing “Escape to Life” and “The Other Germany.” Doors of the Music Hall will open at 7 p. m. and admission will be by passport, season ticket, or general admission tickets which cost fifty-
five cents, d.e.b.
War Correspondent Reveals " European Experiences At 3 Betty Wason, war correspondent who originally intended to have a career in home economics, will speak on the “War Behind the Headlines” at a special convocation today at 3 p. m. in the Music Hall. Miss Wason was released only recently by the Nazis and will tell of her experiences on the European bat-
tlefronts.
' Student passports and season
tickets will be honored for admission to the lecture, which is sponsored by the Associated Woiiien Students. Single admissiom tickets will be available at the door for 65 cents. A reception in honor of Bfiss Wason will be held in the fachfty lounge of the Union immedhately
following the address.
Graduated in ’33^
Miss Wason, bom in Delphi, gra^ uated from the Home Economic^ School in 1933. After working for three years as a home economics journalist, she decided to travtel and see the world. Since then she bps spent most of her time dodging police bent on amesting her for espionage. The British accused her of being a Nazi spy, the Russians were
the Union, the University affirma- University or haveTo enter with de- SpelkeTjrmes Knapr of“the Indi- he has piesented papers concerning ^ f ficiencies, whic his a definite handi- ana House of Representatives P^’°hlems dealing with refining pro- ‘he yeai. the Nazis had her trailed. Turk^
At December ACS Meeting Tomorrow Banquet Will Precede Address by Chicagoan Dr. Gustav Egloff, director of
Yesterday’s pyogiam got off to research of Univeisal Oil Co., Chian early start with a 7:4'5 a. m. will be the featured speaker
^ breakfast for high School tachers, ‘he December meeting of the due to the numerous requests from debate directors and administrators University section of the American
in the Union. Subject under discus- Chemical Society at 4:30 p. m. MonSion at this early morning meeting afternoon in room 106 of the
a number of courses of secondary school level to high school students
High school debaters from all sections of Indiana returhed to their homes yesterday s/ternoon after the closing sessions of the twelfth annual Indiana High ^chbol Debaters’ Conference condqeted by the speech department and held on the campus Friejay and yestprdqy of
in the state through a supervised ‘h|® week
correspondence instruction system.
Schools Request System
The inauguration of the system is
high schools in need of a way to supplement their regular curriculum.’ The size of the high school and the limited curriculum often prohibit the ttfferihg of important courses. This is especially true in the case of advanced alegbra and
YWCA To Give 'Coed Capers' hlext Saturday Second annual co-ed stunt program, “Coed Capers,” will be pre-
“Speech Activities” and the Chemistry building. The subject of sented next Saturday, at 2:30 p. m
High School Student” and the program consisted of several speeches followed by open discussion. At 8 a. m. the student legislative
solid geometry, courses needed for assembly convened for the second admission to Engineering. As a re- time. With Fred Eichhorn presidsult of these deficiencies, many stu- ing over the senate in the east and dents are denied admission to the west faculty lounges and with
his address will be “Recent Advances in Petroleum Chemistry.”
Petroleum Expert
Dr. Egloff is widely noted for his outstanding work in Petroleum Chemistry, and has served as delegate to eleven International Meetings of the Chemical Society where
in the south ballroom of the Union. The capers which are sponsored by the Y.W.C.A. will be composed of a series of ten minute skits presented by all soroi’ities and the three women’s residence halls. The money raised will be used to send representatives to the Y. W. C. A. confei-
cap to the student. swinging the gavel in the House Curricula Extended which convened in the south ballThese correspondence school room, the legislative a.ssembly becourses will also make it possible gan fo function in much the same
the United States should be re- the high schools to enrich their manner as our State assembly and quired to have one year of full time curriculum despite the lack of qual- National congress operate, military training before attaining teachers^for the subjects. Thus Highlight of the morning’s sesthe present draft age. flexibility in terms of student needs sion was the speech “Militaiy TrainNegatives Speak in Evening interests may be achieved. jng for Young Men 18-21” deliverTuesday evening the University’s The subjects offered will include ed at the 10 a. m. general session by negative debate team made up of Advanced Algebra^ Solid Geometry, Capt. F. V. Kesshng, representative
cesses. Among the programs planned Due to his prominence as a petrol- ure “Ratio in Reverse,” “ ’Twas the eum chbrnist. Dr. Egloff has been Night Before Christmas,” “Purdue appointed a member of the perman- Without Men” and the “Dating ent council for World Petroleum Problem.” The winners will be Congresses. He was selected as one chosen by three judges, and the
of the scientists who gave a broad- group taking first place will receive Slovakia ih^ time to witness the c<Hicast over a nation wide hook-up un- the Decker Tiophy. This trophy was quest there, and attend the ftfSt der the auspices of the Science won last year by Chi Omega, with a post-Munich conference, where she News Service on “Petroleum on skit about the ratio. was the only woman sanOB0f Wings and Wheels.” He has also The Y.W.C.A. chairman in charge men. She was with the
asked her to investigate an Efiglisb^ man whom they suspected, and the OGPU offered her three hundred dollars a month plus expenses i<iat
her services.
Miss Wason arrived in CzeehoK
George Picha and Robert Weiss will Effective Writing, Elemental y Span- of the national headquarters of the'speeches on pe- is Gindy Hague. The chairmen of army when they took them
ish and Mechanical Drawing. The fee for each course will be $14. All study will be supervised by the instructors of the high school, d.e.g.
meet the Illinois affirmative team in the East Faculty Lounge at 7 p. m. and they will discuss the same
question.
• Ohio State’s negative team will provide the opposition on Wednesday night, 7:30 p. in. in the audi-
torium .of the Home Economic^ ^j// Initiation
building when they debate the University’s affirmative team on the same question of military training.
There is no admission charge and
everyone is invited to attend and
hear the discussions, d.e.b.
Boy Scout Honorary
ForPledgesToday Alpha Phi Omega, honorary for
troleum over other major networks, the various houses are: Virginia E. Slovakia, in Rumania when He has given numerous addresses Reiser, Alpha Chi Omega; Ruth dreau was assassinated, andf' pk at national meetings of the Ameri- Newton, Alpha Xi Delta; Joan Shel- Rome when Chamberlain made
can Chemical Society and American burne, Chi Omega; Virginia Cres- visit.
Petroleum Institute during the past on. Delta Gamma; Betty Lewis, Off To Europe Again hr few years. Kappa Alpha Theta; Maien Chest- She returned to Amerito in i038 Receives Medal nutt; Kappa Kappa Gamma; Wini- but in 1940 again set off for Euai^ As a result of his outstanding fred Kreipke, Phi Mu; Jeanne in Italy she struggled for seVei^ work. Dr. Egloff was awarded the Moses, Pi Beta Phi; Rosemary Boyd, weeks to get visas to enter FinltUtd
Ameiucan Insti- Wood Hall, March Cech, North Hall; and finally reached that country
• Kesshng advocated mi itary tiain- chemists for 1940 and also and Billy Nicholson, South Hall. as the wi ended.
received the Octave Chanute Medal Admission price will be fifteen grounds that such a program would awarded by the Western Society of cents, m.a.s.
Selective Service System, Washington, D. C. In his talk Kessling pointed out some of the advantages and disadvantages of the program under discussion and tried to uncover new arguments and lines of reasoning for the benefit of the high school debaters who debated the
problem later on in the day.
former Boy Scouts, will hold init- youths discipline, know- Engineers in 1939 and 1940.
University Club Will Hold Christmas Party In Union University Club, faculty social organization, will hold its Christmas party tomorrow evening at 8:30 p. m. in the Union building. Irv Given will furnish music for dancing in both ballrooms, and cards will be played in the East Faculty Lounge. Refreshments will be served in the Old Chestnut Room. Mrs. C. M. James and Mrs. B. E. Montgomery are in charge of decorations.
Pritchel't Orchestra Plays At Union Mixer Last night’s Union Mixer featured the music of Jack Pritchett and his 12 piece orchestra from Wa-
bash college.
A Christmas theme prejlominated at the dance with the backdiop
lation for twelve pledges today at experience, good morale, Egloff is the author of over Former Eds Enroll
In Army Air Corps
5 p. m, in Room 232 of the Union l^udeiship and many other qualities ^25 articles relating to petroleum building. The initiation will be fol- ^^ich aie necessary to the success chemistry, and has had 260 lowed by a banquet in the Chestnut happiness of the individual and patents granted to him. He was reRoom at 6 p. m. At the banquet the uation. cently named a member of the Cornpledges will be accepted into the Yestei day afternoon was spent in mittee of the National Research group and officeis foi the coming practice debates on the question re- Council’s Tour of Industrial Explor-
year will be installed. Professor P. E. Lull of the Speech department will speak. Active members, honorary faculty members and Tl. C.
and the band fionts carrying out Wheelei, scout executive of Tippe-
the festive motif. The back diop portrayed a boy and a girl seated before a blazing fire, with crossed skis on each side of the fireplace, while ski poles and mittens were pictured on the band fronts, d.e.g.
solved: that every able bodied male ation of South America, which citizen m the United States should leaves this countiy next March, be required to have one year of full Following his address. Dr. Egloff time military training before at- will bfe the guest of honor at a bantaining the present draft age. The quet which will be held at 6:15 in
legislative assembly was also in session and they passed bills relat-
ing to current problems.
Both houses, made up of 156 rep-
Survey Shows Cultural Value of 100 Representative American Magazines
canoe area, will be piesent.
Former Scouts
The pledges were chosen from a list of students who were formerly
associated with scouting and who i esentatives and 69 senators, passed have a four-point index. Those who bills designed to curb strikes in the
have completed the five-week pledge piesent emergency by employing a rating of aircraft observer pend-
the Union building, d.e.g. Lt. Geo. W. Smith
... ’40 Purdue graduate, will be presented with observer wings and
period and will be initiated tomoi- compulsory arbitration after a ma-
, By Dave Glass
Dr. H. H. Remmers of the Division of Educational Reference and the Division of Education and Applied Psychology, and W. A. Ken, graduate assistant, have recently completed a survey on “The Cultural Value of 100 Representative Ameriean Magazines.” The work was recently published in “School apd Society,” a magazine devoted to the advancement of education.
Gary Survey Started It
This work is a part of a home environment scale which grew out of the Gary school survey recently completed by the Division of Education and Applied Psychology. A study is under way which deals with
mostly with the scientific and moie specialized type of reading such as Scientific American and “Pai’cnts’ Magazine.” The third group 'consisted mainly of the better class of fiction and hobby magazines such as Good Housekeeping. The fourth gioup contained the pulp magazines and the more usque type of period-
ical.
44 Judges Consulted
low aie Burton Kuck, Paul Eckler, John Dodds, John Eichcr, William Gaugh, Robert Gallatin, Francis Hess, Frank Hopping, Oakley Goidon, A1 Jackson, Raymond McLaughlin and Roger Young, s.r.b.
jority of the workers had voted to stiike. Another measure repealed
ing graduation from the Air Corps Advanced Flying School, the 12th of this month. Lt. Smith has been
the poll tax as outmoded and each notified of his assignment to active house passed a bill on revision of duty at tfie First Observation soil conservation and extension of Squadion, Marshall Field, Fort Ri(Continued on page 4) ley, Kansas.
Fraternities To Sponsor Shows / At Annual SDX Riveters Rassle
Miss Wason, a reporter for Ttai^ radio Press, CBS and PM, is ably best known for her broad(ia$t of the escape of King Haakott of Norway from Oslo while the Kas bombers pursued the fleeing roSatparty. By hitch-hiking alone acroi^
Two former University students, miles of snow, she obtained a Charles Henry Michael of Cincin- wide scoop at Namsos, only to ftttd nati, and George Shawkins of Gary, after a ten-mile tramp in order to have entered training for the Army make her broadcast deadline that Air Corps, and aie now enrolled as atmospheric conditions ruined reaviation cadets in the replacement ception in New York, center at Maxwell Field, Ala., head- Close Shave quarters of the Southwest Air Corps She arrived in Greece just ahead Training Center. of the invading Italians and was onO' They are scheduled to leave soon of the four American correspondfoi primary schools in the southeast ents on the spot. In Albania Misa for the initial phase of their flight Wason was nearly killed when a training. Upon the completion of Cretan major took her into "lift 30 weeks in pilot training, they will man’s land” and a supposed!]! dfebe awarded commissions as second sorted post opened fire on the pitlieutenants in the Army Air Corps, ty.
When the Nazis invaded Greece
Stewart Yugoslavia, Miss Wasoil ftoil-
tinued her broadcasts and thadft thh
. . . University controller, left final broadcast from free Athens. Saturday afternoon for White Sul- By this time the British pilots with phur Springs, Va., to spend a few whom she had intended to leatfe had days conferring with business of- all vanished; and she stayed in fleers of eastern colleges on defense Athens while the Germans mqved research work. His trip to White in. She pbrsuaded the Germans Jo Sulphui Spiings follows a survey let her make another broadcast which he made a few weeks ago in ter the occupation was comjftlete ftltdi this field. (Continued on page 4) i.
Ornaments, Fir Trees Festoon Union As First Signs Of Christmas Hit Campus
Colonnades Planned
According to present plans the ballrooms, two colonnades wM be on either side of the stage
By Jane Wendel
What’s going to be the big at-- Peisons of all description will be while Junc^ “Queen of the Lion traction of the Year? Where will in evidence as the crowds mill about Tameis” keeps things in order.
The 44 judges who were asked to the crowds be going after the game the Union ballroom. Daisy Mae will Never a dull moment is the motevaluate the magazines were se- Fiiday? Theie is only one thing piobably be chksing L’l Abner to. If you can’t make youi own fun lected fiom vaiious professions and that could atti-act so much atten- aiound between the chairs as the just sit back and watch the clowns, therefore show a fair cross section tion. Yes, you’ie light. It’s the Dionne Quints duck behind the fat as they tumbe about with theii peiof the tastes of the leading public. “Riveters Rassel” which will be a lady. If Sally Rand can exchange petual grins. During that slight Dr. Thorndike of Columbia Uni- regular Ten-Ring Circus that will her fan for a bubble, Groucho breathing spell you can watch gymversity once made a study of the be in full swing till 12 p. m. Marks may escort her to the brawl, nasties, that seem almost inhuman
the relationship of home enviion- “goodness of living” of vaiious cit- Fraternities Back Side Shows At any rate theie will be prizes of- as the tumbling team goes into acmqnt to social and emotional ad- ies thioughout the country and The air will be filled with the fered for outstanding costumes, tion. This will be only the beginjUstment, attitudes and othci fac- listed these cities according to their shouts of the barkeis from the nu- There will also be due recognition ning of novel acts to be performed
tors. It was discovered that there living standards in a book entitled merous side shows, so even if your given some virile male who has been for the benefit of the Rassleis.
was a definite relationship between “Your City.” Dr. Remmers plans to date can’t dance there is always the successful in pi educing a growth on In one corner will be found the the environmental status and type take seveial sample cities from Dr. fan dancer. Upon closei obseiva- his chin. little man with the camera all ready of magazine which is found in the Thorndike’s list and establish, tion, you may be able to discern Amusement Bargain to repioduce your likness for pos- in town thought enough of the buildhome. thiough the homo environment fraternity boys disguised as the No amusement place on this hem- terily. Ten yeais fiom now this will ing to donate several hundred dol-
The hundred magazines studied study, a lelationship between the typical circus characteis. Pledges isphei'e offers so much for $1.99i/4 be something to tell the grandchild- lars worth of wired Christmas or1 anged from the Harvard Educa- two. have been busily concocting novel undei one roof. Becky Annie, ren ^about. If the space is not too naments. These, together with ad- with a speaker*'in the upfter'tou'^ tional Review to Breezy Stories. The study was assisted by a grant ideas in the way of side shows not “Queen of the Bare-back Riders” cluttered with “Rasslers” in var- ditional ornaments, decorate the the Union. Dm-ing certain hftura ii| They wore giouped into four classes from the Social Science Research only foi the benefit tor those at- has been practicing and “Rosie” the ious stages of bridge oi poker entiances and tiees. Twenty-four the day,, carols will be fttoyed according to their content and rat- Council, and the Purdue Research tending the dance, but also in an “Queen of the Glittering Spangles” games, those who care to may dance Douglas firs ranging from three to will dritT down on the The first class was made up of Foundation. Due to Kerr’s -vyork on attempt to further decorate their is m good shape. Peggy, “Queen of to the music of Jimmy Raschel and twqnty-five feet tall aie scattered the lower hall. Now t
By Doris Pickering
All you students who are anxiously awaiting Christmas and Santa Claus can get a little Christmas atmosphere by touring the Union.
Mms Ruth Shelbui-ne supei vising tVeelin the background. As blue
air decorations in the building, has been collaborating with St. Nick
and the Union woikeis to make the Union as attiactive as possible. Last summer one of the merchants
led lights are used on the ceit^i^ this color scheme will be cartiedl o&t with more Christmas lights oit tUft
fiis.
Carols In Union Hall
Beginning next Wednesday, grill phonograph will be conaehti^
ing
\york on attempt to lunner uecorate tneir is ir» gooa snape. reggy, t^ueen oi to tne music oi Jimmy Kascnei ana twqnty-five feet tall aie scattered the lower hall. Now the only let. As a reward for the Tight Wire” will keep things his negio orchestra. This organiza- thioughout the Union. The tallest, missing to complete tlift
matter such as the Haivaid Review, Purdue Research Foundation Fel- their effoits. Sigma Delta Chi is circulating. Maggie, “Queen of the tion has a wide range of both hot a magnificent twenty-five foot tree, spirit is the wintfy S Ilaipers and others ot the same gen- lowship with which to carry on the offeiing a silver trophy for the show Flopping Trapeeze,” will no doubt and sweet music with Jimmy him- stands in the Great Hall behind the snow man and sqmft eial type. 'The second class dealt woik. ' that pioduces the ihost appeal. land right in the middle of things self as vocalist. memorial cross. that necessary?').'iiW%
the sftme dliy, so thfe;^200,00(> will x^rote Ki^^ ^ife in Italy a letter hc mcrcly a tevoiyiftj^'ijiind. whieh U. S. officials: are ^ sure will Recipients of the gooiis w'ill;_be neve^’'iiBacRi;‘her?>>' * '
i- 'iJA'IL -i-L. ii L*'^'.
j companies Which have l)ccn> gnashing , their teeth for pl?io|^ities_ and' licenses. ... > Senafe's Beat Dressed Men Silver-haired, handsome Senator j Guy Gililctte: of Iowa tells this one
on himself,
' At breakfast the other morning \his.WifS reCtureil him Briskl’y bn the
co^ndition pf hiSjWardrobe.j, youfrp. a ,ffig'lh*'>*’ 9!?olded'
By Drew Pearson and RoBferf'Si AlKli
chahged. regularly between the two countries. But authorities are <^rtain that the officer’s let-
teoi anlL^notrg«dbl^#»Dwtia^^^
sorsi; for, in hungry^ battered, warrweaey.,;'ttalx, this • .ppighhitt..
message, Would not be
pFopagahdh.?^ '■ This-! is the%^asblii
S,mafl SludeMt Plurality
etMance Ai
By Student Opinion Surveys
Interesting differences of opinion are
Miiiversity. Presbyterian- Ghurefc . TTomrxf ■ o,1 '' ' WWWbronghfi- fe thfe-snrface* when^ the- ballots.sa^. • j^brth*Street4t;'Gr^^^^ AUSTIN, Nov. 24. Whde, a p . ^ cros:s-tabulatedby year ineoiiege;'S,e!p.lioinp:B)|^ , m'i--rii)ri'; CQllegp studen-ts :^yQy, vo.lnpfa¥X class attend- inagprity of them‘-*-a're' .tlt'Ogood h^is’.series of lectiiires on New ance, the l£itest Student Opinion Sus*veys oi eager to have coniptete freedoni!:. - , ■ ; irifrp^ti^T;;His 'ibii(^ AlhPbica poll disebWers-^tbs^t . ; . > > v v>: ;
.inigilit h|describb:d/as^ ‘wbuM'''bather "Be required; to sit'tbrongb!'Ipc-
iUlrs.'. (Silettei.''‘¥'do brieve.you’re a.-vSiV ■ - i.li■ •
v‘the3sha^c^ di^s^r imthe Senate. “3^e;,left Phjlftd^phiaioi-'the city ||pman^,o*;the^okS;,of the tuigsiand attend Ibbsy ^ , '& suit you wear e^ery'dhy looks of MissDUldif' wrpiW^ the husband. NbW i^ithout.^y p^- , universities have follbw00 OUC and buv a ‘The-joUimey^lasted three^ays-and tlc«lai>-title; his‘-is presenting this CiOnie coueges ana, universities nuye ronow
‘voluntary Gnly Somb
Sw ^ ^ !three: nightf oVaTry^d" w . series <5^ talks on theprigins of the edThe lead bf such schools as the Uhivetsitiy'bf "^Bfeiiater Gillette went to'his of- W-eal , pleasure. :,.W:^;d^' not la<^ a Kittle Greek.,classics ('which cbnsti- Chicago, allowing itudents. tO Tdport for classffbe and, \yas- dictating., vfhen a thing'feecbuaewb^ thft'priiiCiplb'^ mater.- at their'’dikbetibni'-G,h^ t’residefht
:«hnW, 5W^^ ^"‘ " m^.' Af meai'tittle ials of the Gliri^ian Religion. Robert M. Hutchins' reports that the plto into(idtoinK«™i«i»tnlshtrat«. , “* T‘“ WrRs. But M has jiol been adopted itt the iia. Shw-besam; “live? heeir: assigned'to John,,W.,Pindyy,fe; sermon at the , '
' ; ,R.e<ipire
Freshman 46% 45% . 9'7t) Sophomores 39 51 10 Jiittiofs 39 51 10 . Seniors, others .. 44 - ■' 44 12
youngt lady , wus shown, ihi ’ “I’m with -——magazine,’
interview .voUj, Senator.”
‘%hat about?” asked Gillette-.
.Johnr,W;
nificeiM W , . morning “I., caht.'telii yeui, iiiat> ;'rae ti^- “Thy |ao^sb
Those who want orily certain- sttid'ent'S'b'bv liged* tb attehd- often. bomfheht^ Thtijt haidet;- ^
Worsidp^setyicy will be jority'bT'Hi^h'eh' lea^priihg.'lhstitutions. The graduates niaking low grades should,hot-have, it-'God7.’/lolnne ;u as- idea,’the figures belbw indicate, is approve'd'hy the privilege of cutting classes.; ‘ If a'-stud'ent
wtev: Senator haven^ vou seen journey,wJ^*oneq hS dreamed; of orgaiii^r^lt kpcbii^ahy tire stuh nearly half *of the cpllegians,. but it Certainly wants to learn, he’ll come to class,” ^nch^ed
' ^ ' ■ ■ . for vears- arid then-.'id ’an-extrabi:- dent choir under the direction of (jQgs hot,'JlavS'the wholehearted approval of
the newspapers ?” was the ; wide- -
^ed reiJort. ‘"S^ii’ve been'selected dinary wayyiit came^tro As,T sUid .or
4,w„ .before, this place is,, beautiful, all
green withv wood^ and; surrounded .^1% fhb Ghuveh, Dorothea Lar;b5r:hiils;'^^M|:idW^ei^^}^ spd;>^ll';l|ead the;yervice, with Nan-
'my appetite very gpod arid the food
by a group of style experts' as best dresSed'.'msfri ih the Senate.”
i Ed- abundart^'anifkekdMMt^; - ' ■ ■■'
„ . . Bankhead of Alabaitia, hunting for ’
8 ; Ad- , , u j f • - i. J ' We- do- rrofrylafek. imlfc, butter,
a furmshed-apartment, insisted on, ,, . , ■ , .• -■ , J . .
a soft bktk ifeompanied^^^U real^^
' Burdue-Ghristiah'Fbundiation-At Lafayette- Christian Church
Sixth gnd: North Sts. Catch ride, from 131
. ifASHiPNG’rON — Strould the Brftiklt -iaBlt' the- tlhited- States- to-
supply: beer on lend-lease?
; TWs-became a-practical problem ; the otticr d.^ ih discussions between MorriS.-'^ilsonv head of-,thC; British
- Piarchasihgj Commission,, and ■Wiirav .Stettinius, LendrLease
mmisttatpr.' .
Thfeb'ecr was rvanted'by, the Brit-
ish ih great quantities, especially for ^ ®
the^fislsting;Tomraies ip Africa,.As . — ., , .
Wilson.himself put .it: 4 ri-u • ' - f” ^ h plain .abaufc-the'gHa^sds.. They treat
“If you deprive 'a British, sold- 'Jf their ijriyate offmes plosed .clarinet duet in asseinbly period will ier-df Hik piht.of Beer a:^ky ll- Exc^P^,S^tor, ^«mg of ., : ; ' - v be presented By Helen: Carey and vou'mik^t as well denrive ®k?Oi^'V^Trunran. ^ . Bob Ring. “Basic Forms of Gliris-
Wi^hinSu’- of jHsspurD;;.GeneralvSdth;m,..N‘?t^P^.TOv^«»tl^eff^
- - ' th' - f ,4 iv" fiams of the; Marine dorps shares ,"0®priptipn of the food'.as abundant (.yggijbp fed bV Tubert Reynolds Stcttinius saw the point, and was .j, , - ind p-«nuisitp” is inteipstino- bm- ousbion leu oy 1 iioeic ncynoiut,.
.-Vt- i -i. V . u ■ „ 4 the housewife’s worry over rising ana e^quisiie is intm^esring. Da-. villing, to wu'ite down, beci on the ; - ^ 1 - ,tjp fsidc tile daiiv ra- cause the alien prisoners at, Ft, But^Wlton ,^iangd. his 'in'the'U.'si'M. C/costs 63c fo- :jLs^oula arc: fed, k^adght akmy %,teflectcd on .the,.public =dav atrai'iist 39e last vear After iare,. Ip quality, Pnd quantity their BctiWi In the United Stetes araone J,,;, thi, 'White' 'Kiise a nations are exactlif: the same as
° hondsontc new table those rfV.iSt solaieftV.'l .i®r i-'hdUn ;^ T ,P. iheetirigs,.Jessc Jones,has present- ' ' MiaiiSy-Gtk-tebWKt-.cd a handsome new table tb ' the Friends; of S'ehatdr, G'eb'rge 'NorSenate Committee on Banking and ris have started a'hationwidc move-
student opinibn:. “Dili yhii think stud'crits*kh6uld'"be required to attend classes a minimum number Of times, of; do ' you think class attendance should be voluntary?”— ' Require minimum ,..41.% Voluntary „..: . 48 • Require only Slime students ''' (Less than 1 per cent faiied-to express an opinion.
tlPeiirisylVariia State Golleg'e sophonturer “’'Tlie earnest student who absents himself usually has a good reason,” was the comment of■ a Stv Bonaventure (New York) college student... : Little progress has beenmade among American students during the last thfee years by advocates of the voluntary plan, Surveys records seem to show. Ill: February, 1939, a poll ■ihdieatied 37' lier c.ent at that time were- op-i
posed to the voluntaTy system!
incrtt for demise,
• ' &p he said to Dtettipius,.
‘jScm„jmight some day .give you-
in' uncomfortable fen. minutes
'with the Congress. So (ct’s forget Result Was that the British Tommy in; Libya will 'hsve to look else-
where f^'HiS daily'pifit'.'''- : .V ffnlclen Treasure .
. 'lKth,;AinbriQan industries crying for, wprimptcrifils,'. the govcrnnicnt has-finally got, around, to seizing a giant: horde of semi-manufactured
I:0::40'a'. in.—Church Worship Service. Rev. Doyle Mullen will preach on -the subject “Rteligion in Action.” 5:15: .i. m..—Ten-cent supper at
131: Grant.
5;;45 p.. m..—Leave for the church
building.
■ 6;0Q p. m.—Forum. Special rec-
Fcatibn, discussion,'singing and ves-
Currency. Jesse’s, biggest asset is- ment to dissuade hini from his an- pers. Kawpi'd Hamilton a.hd Others his' ability to get what he wants pounced' ihtehtibh tO" retire next representing the. Purdue Religious out of Congressiona'l-Ban'kihgi Com- .year, Judge Sherman: Mihtori, bfbr- council will present a panel on inittees. . . . 'Everyone is getting- iner . Sbnatpr;'from Ifidiapa ahcl''a '‘'What is the philosophy of the ihci'case'd . wa-ges, except the poor leader in the moyement, wrote Nor- ‘C-G'?” Refreshments will be servpostraaiv. The- cost of liviisg has ris, “If you didn’t,do another lick od ,by the women’s missionary sogxme up' but he can’t strike against of work your .presehce Jn the- Sen- eieties of the church after the panel
the gdvc^i’Bhr6hL'■ -Fate-.would- be ihyaiuabi'ei Just ’ tb discussion. --
' : Serejy-I'irdn :Tb'fapaii V' '(laye-you around .tb-iitaifc 'to; and ' ' -—-—-l. ': , ■ ;; ■
For years, the heaviest foreign '^ohnsel with inearis muelV to many 'buj4r of'p; Si'kci4 irop was Jk- f howJn the Senate, Fknow, ^ ■jrtkei&s brigin^iy , intended pan.!Despite much .puhlic protest-
for tlid conquered: countrieL ' the State Dep.artmept .permit- , ^
' tToua upon dons i'steel har^ tec(„ Nippmtdse; mffitaripts ^fo im-
steel rods ■ steel sheets shin port huge quaritities of this vital _ Si ghte P mie that will do S«k WpS; S «iterial: appease. 512 n,,!., . pee hopiv.lW)'miles fast-
WBAA' Presents New ''Captipus Varieties" WBAA’s newest program, “Campus Varieties,” prqved to be the best that has. been.presented on the caihpus, according to a statement i-eleased by Bill Stewart, member of the student staff of WBAA. Over 200 people were present for this first showing of the program which will he presented every Saturday afternoon from 3:30 to 4:30. The program, which featured music by Irv Givens, comedy, a serious drama “The Story of Silent Night” and songs by the Davis Twins, was well received by the audience. The casit for the program included: Bill Stewart,, master of cereiponie.s, L:v:Given:,an.d his or.chesti’.a,
Margie and .Joan Davis, Chris Schenkle, Jim Hobson, Larry Mym's, Becky:Ann Pervine,. (jharlie Powell, Tom McCrum and Walter Butz, ^’ith Harry Bellows and Woody Cochran, furnishing the sound effects. d.e.g. ■
PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RI5K< — DENTISTS .... 400-404 Schultx Bldg. 4th and Main-St. LaThyctfa;
West Lafayette Baptist Church , Corner Columbia and Chaunce.y i)::30 a. m.—Roger: Williams Club
Class Hour.
- Iff:35 a, m.—Church Worship Seianee, 70th Anniyersary Coiiimunionv Sermon—“The Fellowship
plates, tin plate, copper wire siraiegic maxcnai. rsow appease- i- . lauiiwuv cieiinun— , Were wSbr^ 'by Boik'ndV Czech- arc coming home .(P ^ Understanding.” l^-lhJl^ii^id'and Bbfeiui roost,::^: ■ • ; the bup have.:been elinu^ed g.SO'p- nk-Roger
afi-ta-J.':., .swiifiging into full tide, the tJ. S. . .1^®’ llg e- plane g..qQ p,_ —
dkya'Ili:;':; i-Li' -a at that terrific iibeed'. . ,; . After Social Hour.
Williams Club.
has l^eeh; in warehpuses and I’dfc freigiif caVs ever ‘^ince. despite iife^CaTcily of ratv material's aqd despite the fact that some ihd'uA ^ieS' are even closing for lack
of''tKeiii.
. T^y this horde Pfi’eeiess material .remained untouched for so long,4.8:4: myslei-y. Bilt thc secret is fjrs’fi 'gSyernnieht' red - tape and bureait«:^'c!yf“'second', the fact that owfie're of these materials, who were holdilig fh.dm for higher prices, did
not'^wahf tq sell.
. The bid; Export Gbntfoi Board undef' fiefieral; RUBseil' Max well'! who
is now devciing his abilities to. the for precautionary Near Fast, did nothing about this D. S; forces! ' ■
at that terrific kpeed'.
After
Roger .Williams Club
suudehly is confronted with a s. ; . v . : ^
'serious'scrap shortage,! For yar- : ■ *’/ ycaTs of ^.experimcfitipg wUh ■ g.3^, p,_ __]jpgei, Williams Club iousYcahqns,''defense chiefs'are training glanes, the discussioh hour. Readings will bo
Mu--;:! British ' ’■ -
sayiiVg nothing about the kRuk- : adbpted' the tion. But it is very acute. A kuik- ^OP syst^: Used by the ber of steel makers have private- .1?“- Adminfetratibn. ly reikk^edUurtail^prpdhllibk Thi^ method; gets ; ^ay; from the schedules in the offing "because :COstljr mi4 time:Consun,mg ihstruc-
bf inability to obtaia needed sup-
plies of 'serap ' ticesbips. It trains skilled workers One; hkportant plant executive , went so far”a&.to describe his eon- MMr;6^g; ' ditioH aa^'aWht^t fegpbfdte..” G. 1^., Washingtoh, D. G. — The ' Fvfertth G'lifank' real purpose of .HR, 563,1 is to bar French’ Guikna Is next'on the list Vefug^ (doctors. fro^ the, practice
occupation by
' ■ •" lumbia. The bill..provides that, only
treasure horde. Bu^^^ TRe move may be made In a few :U- ,3. citizens .shail be permitted to la'cW-Fsbribime Defense Board is days, and .again not for months! de- here. Liberal fmali';^- Hib-y&l iii. '' ' ’ pending; .on; developments. But it is fV® opposed to . . - iul'A'bjJ the bill on the ground that'a physi-
akk,it ik^eipected 'fe:
MkfGby^nor DkbtwillVenounbe • ' Vichy arid swing to the Free : . ■ ^ .v- Ex-
Vrckkh^bo'have kikny suppoVt-
eks"jn:'lhik-kossbssion.' the De- ^ . “Vindicator,” Gaulle elements long lia^. ur^ed fi a U. S. prot^wkte wi^d ^^ei^ier, is that the^ isolationist ; (ubilantly welcome the. Stars • v • and Stripes! ’ .0., Kochestbr; Minn. - Tlmre rb'/-T.' t-'j’' . • 'k-r- , ■ ‘ IS no important law on the statute If Chot does renounce Vichy and , , , . , -v cai-uLv
• books bearing the name of Senator
given by Helen Werner,
7:30 p. in.—Play for W. W. G. girls- .“The .Living,Grogs...
.' A f^kll liaal’ bigs made,earlier in the cpfds. |his y'ear in Tkobo^cn, J.,' of . /if fbejul F.
aiuminuiii . and other; .materiai's, bnt^ the cphiirig .seizures are on a far greater scale. Gf one com-
KOW SHGWIKS DOUBLE FEATURE ■'^ r /y , ■ SSiimvE'WWif^trni,.
MARS
MR. aiiJMBS. THIW MAN IN THEIR NEW lAttGH RIOT!
modi^ alone^ tin plate, there w|| be' i^.Obff, cases, .or iSAdfl tq'iJSv taken . from three areas, ^Vw' York, Philadelphia,' and
Baltimore.
tiie tdta( haul of all commodities
win'.be between 20 and 25 thousand .\dihirai Robert,'vho is High Conicarloads,: which, at an average of missioner of the Fyeheh Antilles, 50 tons, tq, the car,.;nipans over a the ’eveiit may have dfaiuatic cpnmilliq'rt, tons, r , ' ' .sequences. Devil’s Island. prispriei'S ' (The Econoiriic Defciise Roard Will seek release bn proihise to join bull use, ohip- .$260!0{>b’,to finance the Free French Foreign Legion in
the requisitioning of alt this ma- Africa.
: 't^eriat!' the value of which runs rnternctf rtalians ' iiiib many millions. Most of it One of thc’Italian ship bffibers in ifill be seized amf sold again on detention at Ft; Missoulav SdPntana,
' (Copyright, 1941, by United Fea turc’Syndicate, ,Iqc.) ,
James Madison Wpod, 66 holds a record for longest; ienure'. amopg preaidenis p-f .'womeii’b colleges! iie is rounding out his' twenty-ninth year as head of Stephens college.
Alt'AmeKi^ari ry^u*- 41
Lnter<dJiifi,Beco»d r^lass malter at the. past in Lafftyettci Indian^, findbr the act of Longtesis .March: 3, and at,.thb,i!ipe«al:i:aftc dh .imstwgegn-oicidcd: fon ip iseetfop' IKWIi act of Octphbr 3, m, apthimized January 20, 1922, Published, daily except Monday during the re^lar acadcinie year id weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8,54t per year, mail sub'J criptipM''$4100. '
’ Mhiif-ln'-WHef, fligrts K'dfilir
i:
.. Ned A. Qcbillrce ..Joint T^ Vfnagott Phil JohnnQn
PubiicaticHi' Staff
'i; , , A^uoi'iijlc. Ki)i!o.r»
'^ilarijll StniT: J; K. Amos,II. ArmslroiiK.. !>., T. Urophy,
I g.:t!,^lla41»'r. y. I. Jones, ii. G. KU-nci-. O. T. Glai-u, J. D. traaei*, J, S. Keeler.
liiejJvSlitf; ^ry It. Boynlon, Alice'cThataiWr jancsRainiideir. Plitwiea: Eai'ii»|la'li'knd''1^^ 'iSports, 2192' ■' *'■' i*fwiif.Aj*(w;Vi»'p;''M.r537'f'
■L|Su(i&■»<
BusiniMs 'Manager ttantfting Edlilor... Coed Editor..
(Bonna iJiesB,;;;’ Ulflc»;''W(i'iia^r't"lice L^ Adviirtisina Manaefra: K. K. Gjcmrc, B. E. Saxton : Manaeer: W. T, Bell; Aecoaata Hanageri: W. D. Minardi J“¥*«,WCo<(d Sfanaeera: Jcao Frankenhonur, Frances Lloyd, Julia Martin.
i«ue ; fidlUrr: UuUH :
''’Virht Sports: Clark Day Edilor: Kamsdeli
# i I' I . ' “VT: h.
'A
li941
Pag* 3„
Tank Team Uses Statioa Wagon On Long Ttips sEit^mlmasi^'iQpsSes^^sSchediitie: -, i- ~ ; " , ■ By.EdKa-Epicfe ■
The'Boilermalcer s-wiinraing, teatn is, about to .acquire a new
Tomorrow, night at 7:30 in; th& Pieldhousej Piggy Lambert wHli tirot h}s''twenty'-fifth sgiiad' of'-basketballi .players onto the floor to. meet theLittle Giants from' Wabash' collegeit Piggy^s alma mater^ in the Boil'er-
Editpr’s Njote: In the absence of Phil Johnson, the ; informer, Ted Clark takes over the pinch-hitting assig
; ThecSllyer Mask,, honorary^ fencing organization on the campus, started-dts neAV, season of activities laht fehi.day evening with a private. Exhibition at the Lafayette Country GInbi 'iSe; Silver Mask this year has. jjl&ns for aWveK-tensive program of exhibitions and matches and with the fiub show of enthusiasm and in
ihg this should' be a- plenty sci-appy game. The uh-predictable- Boiler-
the squad when meets fall dUe are rrv t-> h v u ^ makers, who should, be in. excellent B,d, T.OW. president of l),e elffl,; . W<i.®oUemaket OTiromingreaw is.abouUo acq.llirea new ^ Cecil Oakes, Harry Burl, Bill Keade nickname OU the stf'engthrOt tbeiE joil^ne-yst h^ dhU there in history. The Boilermakers and Aai-on Kaufman, , ' ' the search of upposition. A few yea>rs hgO' thfe hicknahite Rapa- have been pla.ying Wabash Coiiege. The first meet scheduled for the bters was' fastened ohto the* Niotre Dame ,fdotfeall’ team because' ,sihce the-. Little Giahtsi first took
they jourheyed'^ so- far afield^: ■ By the same token the Riveter Riveters into. camp, in their/in- • j. 4-ta., • ' . I't . itial encounter in 1897. We’ve beat-* mermen might get the same nickname. - . n'ui-i'ui > -.lu.-ii, = j , • u + i, u u ^ , ,1 , • e.. • , , efi .them, since, but ib shoulu.be. a Perhaps some hardier nickname would be-moreoUttingj!'be- g'bo^j g^i^e j-egardless. . cause the Irish did thuir traveling; in. Pul!mansywith'eaS6 aud ,g^^^^.^^ Lineup Uncertain
team is against the; University of Illinois, here,, next February ninth. There is a possibility of a match with the Pightin’ Hoosiers frorn. Bloomingtop sometime in the future, but as yet no definite arrangements have been made. '
comfort. The Riyefer swinim.ers dp jin'bst of their traveling ip Dick Papenguth’s station Wagon, but
A Throwbrack Ta footbarfr
_ _ , Digressing a trifle from-the-talk of basketball that permeates the'at-. makers’ first scheduled game of the mosphere. word reaches us that the Boilennaker football team haS picked
season. Now, accordihg to. reason- its alLopponent team.
It is interesting to note that every team on the Riveter schedule plabei#-'' at least one, man with the single exception of Pittsbargh’s PantB^s. ryf i/y Here:is the eleven as picked by the Gold and Black squad members:
Ends—Lansing. (Fordham) and Schreiner (Wisconsin) Tacklesr—Peebles (Vanderbilt) and Walker (Iowa) Guards—^Rupp (Michigan State) and Houston (Ohio State)
Center—Arena (Michigan State) Quarterback-—Jenkins (Vanderbilt)
Halfbacks—Blumenstock (Fordham) and Hillenbrandf Indiana)
Fullback—Harder (Wisconsin)’
Quite an imposing array. We’d bet our guilt-edged bonds' against ypar oil. wells that no coach, in the country would complain at that kind of a.-
,lineup-
Captain Don Blanken and “Fros.-: ' y
, , v u f The aforementioned varsity or ex , ^
teres^^^^ perienced fencers not only spend theyhave just asmuGhfUn on their fhe club, yery successful season IS their practice time rehearsing trips as the Notre Dame gridders
being looked foreward to. among themselves, but sp6nd con- ever had. '
\Perhaps af ^sometime or anot er siderabie; time, coaching and aiding .. Some people may wonder how the one s range of vision has enveloped t,eginners isome peopie may wouuei. no.w lug
a inasculine figure (if anyone pays ' ; ...
any attention to masculine figures anymore) Wearing what appears to be a muzzle manufactured for a mail-eating' dbg. This person in the inUzzIU iE & Silver Mask pledge.
Twelve Newcomers
Although the first scheduled fencing mutch isn^t to come off till the first pax't of February, the team has been practicing diligently since
AJi!Bttt,Tw.o Teams.;^:: ^ ^ Schreiner A Standout
After their return; they will'face forwards, there will be more or less, We didn’t see Lansing play, but Dave Schreiner was a smooth end. more, trayeling; during the ednfer- of a tossup for center- position In the Purdue game at Madison it was Schreiner who, spunred the ence campaignt.Ib'the now fanious, among Bill Neutzel, Jack Swantz,- Badgers to victory despite the relentless plunges of' Pat Harder. Daye station,. wag.pn: they will, travel to and Ai Merike. (of the Huntington- blocked a Boilermaker punt in the end zone and recovered it for the
compete againsf the conference; hUrg Menkes), and there is. a hpst touchdown that sent Mai, Elward’s eleven down to defeat,
tank squad manages to do a his except Wiseonsin and. Min- of very capable' guards, such as Jim Walker blocked a kick in the Homecoming game and ran it over
Miller’s Pills
tra-veling since swimining ns nqt a. Caj-ess, BPb Riley,. Cecil the goal line for a six pointer. In additiPn the big colored lad -was'h paying sport like foptba 1 and cmes the Bpilermakefs since they f’oik, and John Conrad, from which polished lineman on offense. Peebles, Gude and Fritz were the towers of
were severely beaten; in a dual, meet fo, select the final twp members of strength in the fine defensive game Vanderbilt put up to stymie Purdtae.
not have so large a budget secret of their success is cooperation
and good management.
too far away to make an auto trip ^ko starts the game, it’s how the possible. .contest ends thut really counts. •
If this were not enough, after the Blue Demons Next
regular seasPn and- the Big Ten Qn the Friday night following the
Doc Miller’s pill rollers led by the aforementioned quack, who came ^
through with a hot las\ frame, de- ^ut Down On Expenses feated a team of four football play- In-addition Coach Dick Papenguth ers and Lon Mann in a match for the does the work of a trainer and manRoss Ade Stadium last night. The ager himself so that thei^e are no
pill rollers staked the Fieldhou§e extra men along to add to the ex- champiGnship meet are over> the tilt with the boys from Wabash
ea'tiy in., the- tefiiit Twelve pledges which.they, had; previously Avon fr.pm. pense. The men are Aveli, taken; care Boilermaker swimmers will invade College, Piggy’s cagers entertain aiigmented the 16 actives in the or- the coaching staff, as their part in of on these trips, there is no giurn- the staid halls of Harvard, for the the DePaui Blue Demons from the
the wager. ' kling about discomforts \or the like j^fational intercollegiate swim meet. “Windv Citv ” here on the' home
In a statement after the game the on these trips, and the spirit of the mid practitioner of the student team in general is the kind that health service stated, “I don’t mind most coaches dream of but never
a couple of years ago,, and ■ the ^ke ' starting quintet.. Anyway it Peebles was outstanding but it is difficult to completely ignore the other stponghpldnf the.. Gulden Gophers is doesn’t make so much difference two. , ■ ^
Jenkins gets the call over Tommy Farris at quarterback, although Tommy’s fine selection of plays Avas one of the main factors in his team’s win over the Riveters. Al Gouppee of Iowa was another sterling field general and blocker Avho dreAV a lot of respect from the ppposition-
ganization at the start of the semester-, and four of these; Goodenibt, Wallbillick, Tucker and Kaufmiri shoAV promise of becoming very adapt at the sport and possibly will bP a part of the Boilermaker var.sity fencing squad. Among those
get.
-“Windy City,” here
court. It seems to be a favorite pas-
the last Week in March, the follow- time, or an annual duty for the ing week-end the-National A. A. U. Blue Demons to wallop the Boiler-
meet is held at Yale. The much trav- makers; and, at the same time kick
letting the teams use the Fleldhouse
and. Stadium id practice-, kut. I Before the season starts, the tank- eled'Riveters Avould'like very much the “old dope bucket” to about the , _ don’t see Avhat else the athletic ae- men take a trip to the balmy breezes to complete their Gultural education middle of Lake Michigan. At least
actives in the honorary Avho have partment has & put up- against us of the Florida peninsula (Florida and visit old Eli, but since the two- that’s a pleasure Bill Wendt’S busproven their right io a position on in an effort to recoup their losses, chainber of commerce, please note), nreets are so close together it does ketball team has had for the last
; : 1 J ^^ : ^ not seem possible.that the team can. two years. Although DePaul is a
make the trip and; still master cal-
A gift ift’onj DEAC'S with the Purdwe crest' add much "cheer to the festivity of the hoUdays. Many beautiful vanities, bracelets, necklaces and other crested jewelry to select from. ]' ^^r^lgst hance te get RussellrWright spun aluminum. Reciutiful designs^ light as a feather, wears forever and you do not have to polish it. Whitman's famous Christmas Box Candies.
H. (L RHSNER BOOK STORE
cuius, hydraulics and ail the Other little things that help to make an engineers education complete. . . . But they can dream.
► Close In The Line -
Rupp and Houston received little competition in view of their play.against the Boilermakers, but the aforementioned Fritz was prbiiiinciifr' ■ among the also rans. Tony. Arena of Michigan State gets the call over'' • Bob Gude, Arena and Rupp were standouts in the scoreless ■ deadlffqk ’ '' played here on Dads’ Day. ■?"*” ."-el-biH The Boiieriiiakers met two of the nation’s really great halfbacks iffi Hillenbrand and Blunienstock. In the Fordham game Blumiefs ptriitihg'; ' constantly kept Purdue in the hole. His play at the safety'spot Was dfetl' something to provoke the arching of eyebrows. And it triUst have bteir -, " great for Steve Filipowicz arid Joe Andrejeo contributed' a' great'Seal to the, 17.-0 victory of the Rams. 'j - -c. ' . , • Hillenbrand was, beyond doubt, the greatest player'th'e-'Boile^makesfe
minor college, its basketball team faced all season. Bounding Billy did everything and did it WelL'Jle'^ev'bft*-* has for the past ten year’s been rec- did, a successful job of calling signals. Fullback Bob White was. the nurii-. « ognized as one of the most power- ^ber tAVo punch of the Hoosier att:^ck and looked almost as good as Hardeivr
■ . ■ ■ ■ ' . ^ i- -I . f;
► Pitt Improves After Riveter Ganie
Purdue met Pitt when the P'arithers were at their woirst. Ua,ter.,rtt,the. .= season the play of Ralph Fife, who made the Nebraska alLapporieet tes^bv! • was one of the bright spots for Charlie Bowser. Edgar “Special Jones and Bill Dutton didn’t-fare so well against the Rive tea’s, but turmedi.; out to be good backs as the season progressed. . ,. j . i
ful cage coinbinations in the coun
try.
US SEND THE
PURDUE EXPOiEMt DAILY TO THE FAMILY
ONLY
DROP IN THE EXPONENT OFFICE
MAKi|YDURSELF . AT HOME IN^SunIqN CLUB. ROOM For solid attractive furs, and quiet, restful atmos
m
pkere, ynu?ll fi»^ the Uniou Club fills the bilL Ferfnct for guests for permanent residents.
Tyisimoiicd^ lAjnio^ The Corner of the Campus— » Yet the Center of Activities
First meeting of the year on Methods of Teaching for the agriculture staff will 'be held next Wed-r nesday from 7:30 to 9:00 p. iri. in the Women’s Lounge of. the Union. W. E,. Yogler, director of the University personnel service, will speak on “What Can We Dq
.■■TRACK ■ ■; All students interested trying oqt for freshman varsity tfaisk; plan on attending a meeting id he.ld in Room 107 of the Fitildihoa^. Monday, Decemher ,8, 1941, at,,4, p. m. - -
Dr.H.S.Jaekson
. . . former head of the botany de? partment in the Agricultural Experiment Station, has recently heeB ;''
Through Methods of Teaching to made head of the botany depar’tm.eB.t
Better Prepare. Students for Positions Seeking University Trained Men?” This subject is the master topic for the 1941-’42 programs planned by the committee on Meth-
ods of Teaching. , ,
Subsequent speakers Avill be obtained throughout the year to*develop the various angles of this subject. Prof. J. A. McClintock, chairman of the committee on Methods of Te.achin.g, is in charge of ar-
at the University of Toronto, tCaB-;: ada, according to word receiVedf,' here by. friends.. He haa charge all the teaching and research work.: in the botany field of the mstitutioR,
More than 60 per'cent of studeirtS Avork at the-University of TeSas.--
rangements a.p.h.
for future meetings.
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS University Book Store Across From Union ‘Red** Saniinout *29 “Doc** Epple *40
•■t». ♦ .fid 4 j;-
a-:*..
Km
you CAN PCPEND ON S^NIT9NB OLeANIN^
Be confident of your appetut^qe'^nrf, wlrose style lines are carefully l&y Sanitone cleaning, preeisio^r irbning and liai^iu^. Each little tietail gets our utiuost attention. Each tottck o| cplor ^pai’jkles like itew, ,
-V.’.-i’dVY-!gP!;:
respectively. jSenate passed a price fixing bill a ieothinittee of five to handle task and the house voted to the Senate’s measure. Both tha'iiou&e and senate voted unaniinii>us^' agatnst a joint resblution :|iftili% for a lowering of the selecservice age to 18. Ten outIraiidihg legislators of each house tvkre chosen at the end of the session. , f for the conference was 'arrange*^- ®b' that ail delegates had something to do. 'yhoSe not taking pa^ ip^^debates, or ,.,the legislative a^bmbly spent their time in sessions on voice improvement, radio broadcasting lessons at WBAA, or listening to authorities from various institutions speak on some phase of debate or public speaking, d.e.b,. Pi KPhiWill Observe founders Day Today i Omego chapter of Pi Kappa Phi ^yill observe the 37th Founders’ Day janniversai-y of the national fraternity today at the chapter house With a banquet for the active chapter and several faculty members. Prof. G. E. Munro, one of the founders of Omega chapter, will be the principal speaker. ' Staff members in attendance will be as follows: Prof. C. T. Hazard, Prof. C. L. Porter, Prof. K. W. Lindley, Prof.. R. Philliph and Mr. E. Il. Burnham. Mr. Wade Bolt, one of the founders of the Alpha chapter at College of Charleston, will also be present. - The selection of John W. Oswalt, ’41, and Frank M. Brannei', ’42, as Pi Kappa Scholars for the school year 1940-’41 will also be celebrated. .Only seven other Pi Kapps in the country achieved this honor. Oswiilt, who majored in science, is now stationed at Fort Bragg, N. C., while Branner is completing his final year in chemical engineering.
l^ersonnel Notes
Companies Scheduled To Visit Cqmpus— Pennsylvania Railroad, Altoona, Pa^i December 8. Sbcony-Vacuum Oil Company, New York, N. Y. December 9. •Union Electric Co. of Missouri, sSt. Louis, Mo. December 9. •Carbide and Carbon Chemicals, Texas City, Texas. Dec. 9 and 10. Assoc. Factory Mutual Fire Insurance Co., Chicago, Illinois. Decchii,ber 10 and 11. Naval Aviation Cadet Board, Chicago; December 10 and 11. Joseph Seagrams & Sons, Louisville, Ky. December 10 and 11. Pratt & Whitney Aircraft, E. Hartford, Conn. December 10, 11, 12 and 13. Ethyl Gasoline, Detroit, Michigan. December 11 and 12. Ken Rad Tube and Lamp, Owensboro, Kentucky. December 12Hygrade Sylvania, Salem, Massachusetts. Deceniber 12. Babcock and ' Wilcox Co., New York Citj'. December 15'. Magnolia Petroleum Co., Dallas, ■Texas. December 15. American Can Company, Chicago. December 16. Owens-Corning Fiberglas Corp., Newark, Ohio. December 17 and 18. Allis-Chalmers, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. December 17, 18, 19.
Breaking all previous records for corn production in Indiana, Herman Barrett, Gibson county farmer, has been announced by the University Agronomy department as the state corn growing champion. Barrett produced an official yield of 190.1 bushels per acre on a five acre field. According to all reports announced so far in other states, .Barrett is entitled to the championship for the entire United States, as all previous official records on more than an aci^e basis indicate that he has produced the largest yield per acre in the world’s history. Second place went to N. G. Chatlin of Daviess County with a yield of 172.9 bushels per acre. . These records were obtained in competi.^ tion with 2,230 other coi-n growers enrolled in the Five Acre Corn club in 82 counties. The club is supervised by the University Agricultural Extension department in co-opera-tion with the Indiana Corn Grower’s Association.
Book Reviews Cadet Board uisapie's^
Will Visit iJniy^sity To Presehi Pageaiht ToConduct Exams tomorrow Eyeriing
(Continued from page 1)
was even taken 'to visit 'a iSerman concentration camp Where^; both British and Italian prisoners were
covot all (ibstt vf, the: Rraquatiat; iii' JahtlBty; Srfefto -be' includda, ;
PlVaii Siama: blew .IrtiiilateB .may oktftlii ofertificates at ME office on secdni|n^^t;,
FAO Sophomore W®.'’****?*'
fice fo Monday.
omw’fo? mid.torm
Do you know why natives of Indiana are called/“HboSiers”? In
INDIANA; A GUIDE TO THE. Two members of the Naval Avia- Disciples Players of the Purdue
HOOSIER STATE, compiled by tion Cadet Selection Board will viS- Christian Foundation will present After two months the Nazis per-
workers of the Writers’Program of it the campus next Wednesday and the pageant “Who Follows , in His fitted her to leave Athens, but in Purdue Gymnastic Club: Meinbcrd .y^^
the Works Projects Administration Thursday to begin organization of Train ?’’ tonight , at 7 p. m. The she was placed under ar- lf^Vofffc7of'‘Dr. Eastwood”^^^^^ in the State ofindiana three possible a second Boilermaker squadron. Women’s Missionary Society of the to Berlin. After the Fieldhouse.' _ origins of the nickname are dis- Lieutenant (junior grade) Thomas First Christian Church is sponsor-, being held for a week in Berlin, she rtA Dance Clas^li^^ cussed. When you have read the J. Billion, medical officer, and En- ing the pageant. The public is in- / : - j
first few pages of this book you sign Robert L. Childs will examine vited to attend the performance, may take your choice of one of the and interview applicants at the Members of the cast are: Walt three. A volume in the American Health Service between 9 a. m. and Thomas, Betty Rader, Fred TariigGuide Series, the Indiana Guide 5 p. m. on the tvvo days. awa, Martha Jane Gettinger, Paul portrays the state “in terms of its The first squadron of “Flying Carrington, Theresa Busby arid
1 V.J '>c heiff Tuesday, Dec. .9 in the North'DhllV was again released and allowed to room at 7:80 p.m. , -r-HANSj|N ,. return to America. ' pdMM: Keys are‘'avaiiB)iiti for those'(irliV ''' ' ' " ordered them. Calf at 27 KussClI St./ / -y ' ' , . ,'--SULLiVAN,.'. . Dairy Students: Plea.se attend mectinK to fte^iatratlon Workers: Students who^ish hear 1>. M. Doty speak on ‘Rosear^ in work for the Registrar during the second Agricultural Chemistry at Purdue, lues- semester registration, January 27 and 2e,
people and their background, its Boilermakers,’’ formed last year, Paul Busby. Included in the crew day, December 9, 7:30 p. 1942, are requested to make appiication/bo- . . j, • X ' X X- 1 ixi ~ XI X j -X „ /-I /ii. 1 :v/rx —BUTLER. feroe Christmas on blanks to bo obtained points of interest, national setting recently completed its preliminary are: George King, Charles May, —— at the Registrar’s-dffiee. Those witb preand resources, and its social and ec- training at the Naval Reserve Ac- Joy Wampler, Virginia Rader and Agriculturist: special meeting for fre^sh- vious experience at _regisnation or in onomic level.” ‘ .iation Base in Glenview, 111.^ and Elizabeth Meinzer. Hubert Reyn- in Agriculturist office in Union, Thursday, —i^. B. STONE;
Important Indians was transferred to the naval air olds is in charge of the direction of Doc. ii. at 4:i6 n, m.
The early history of the state station at Corpus Christi, Tex., for the presentation,
makes a particularly fascinating secondary training. .Music will be furnished by a trio „j^tjnFat 7T30 p. m. Tuesday, Dec. 9, in chapter. Who of us does not thrill Qualifications composed of Virginia Sellers, Tfier- room 303 of the Union,
at mention of such Indian tribes as Candidates for flight training in esa Busby and Mary Gray, and the
—SNYDER. Eta Kappa Ntt: Make plans, to go on' inr —spcction tri paPd copforenbe on Dec#
Christian Science Organisation: Regular Trip will be discussed .at'4 p.m. .Molidajr,
“ ~ ■ |3(,g g i„ Reading. Room. Those planhing
to go should attend meeting.
. -^SOUTHMAYD/
-LOCKWOOD.
the Miamis, the Delawares, the the Naval Reserve ar,e selected from string ensemble composed of Merle Exponent .Freshmin: AVork^assignments Shaunee and the Kickapoo; and applicants who have,completed two Bunker, Merle Reynolds, Bob Smith ^ "" on ay.
Westminster Girls Club’: iChristinaa mpUlf. ing by patronesses will bO held at BilS Pini: Tuesday, Dec. 9 at 129 Slicctz St. .Brtnfc“U
TTtnnnTi*.-^:
such Indian braves as Little Turtle, or more years of college, are be- and James Billingsley with Theresa gift for the Christmas basket. VIB.TUL
Today On WBAA
MONDAY . Dec. 8-13 10:00-—News 10:00—Curio Man 10:15—Morning Melodies 10:30—WBAA Presents 10:45—Theatre of Song 11:00—“American Institutions’’ with Prof. R. Phillips 11:50—Purdue News 12:00—Agricultural Forum 12:15—Meet the Band 12:45—(Flexible for Special Events) 1:00—Music 1:15—Foods, Facts, Fancies 1:30—Music 1:45—Markets 2:00—-A Story a Day 2:15—Radio Camera Club 2:30—Safety Program 2:45—Mary Louise ReppCrt — pianist 3:00:—News 3:10—Building for Defense 3:15—'Afternoon Melodies 3:30—Organ Moods 4:00—Tea Time Tunes 4:30—^Music 4:45—Little Miss Muffett 5:00—-Just Relax 5:15—Current Books with Helen Seaton. 5:30—Vespers 5:45—Curio Man , . , 5:50—News 6:00—Dinner Music 6:30—Sports 6:45—Eleanor Slopesma—singer 7:00—Social Security 7:15—3M’s 7:30—Purdue vs. Wabash■ Basketball Game 9:00—Musicana 9:30—Music 9:50-—News 10:00—OFF THE AIR
Notices
Glee Club Members; Get passports
music office by; Monday.
—SMITH.
Tuesday: Glover, Marion', Senour, Blackburn, Christman, Buchohis, Miller. 'Fuesday: Scalzo, Guornscy, Craig, Mac-
tdn, Skillman.
Friday: Soloway, Shapiro, Tyson, Benzenbower, Martindcll, JuzWick, Huber, Pita. Saturday: Ziff, ’yegh; Fortier, Quetsch, Rassman, Duesterberg, Mitchell, Fox. Sports staff freshmen will rdport to the Fieldhouse office, editorial iwriters will report to Union office, coeds see this column for further work information.
—RUFFNER.
Orontony, Pontiac and Tecumseh ? tween 20 and 27 years of age, Swinney as pianist, k.r.
All of these tribes and men played single, apd In excellent physical
an important role in the days when condition. Upon completion of their ' The tradition of Homecoming whiTtlrr^LytoT^H^nX Indiana was a part of the Northwest training, aviation cadets are com- was started at the University of Thursday: Tierney, Richardson, riarring-
Territory. missioned as flying ensigns and re- minois in May, 1910.
Some time during your stay at ceive pay and allowance amounting the University, go north on route to approximately $245 a month. 43 to thd right fork that takes you ^ The new “Boilermaker Squadron” to Battleground. As you ride along is expected to start training early let your imagination recreate for next summer—probably after the you the village which Tecumseh’s completion of the school year, a.p.h. brother, The Prophet, established —~—■ ■ ' ' ' and called “Prophet’s Town”; stop eluding many Colleges, social, liter-
at “Prophet’s Rock” 6n your left, ary and historical clubs; and brings ^ ^ and try to envisage the Prophet, in, the account down to the administia- meeting Tuesday, Dec. 9 at 7:30 p. m. in war regalia, roaring exhortations to tion of the present governor, Henry ™Xy^and°^unL\i^l"rets’^fo^'’\ar^^ the Indians he sent into battle F. Schricker. New information on show will be disagainst Harrison; and finally wah- There are chapters devoted to ag- —RUFFNER. dev about through “The Battlefield,” riculture, education, industry and R“uTa7 meeting Tuesday, which is now a State and National labor, newspapers and radio, folk.- Dee. 9, i :30 p. m. in women's gym. park. All of this will serve to force- lore and folkways, arts and crafts, ' fully remind you of the first settlers music and the theater, lit®Tature, ^^^Scienec^ Seniors: j3r^uatint'^m^Jan^uujy in Hoosierland. and achitecture. Coulter Hall at their earliest convenience. First White Men Twenty tours are outlined which, —ENDERS.
The first white men to come to if faithfully followed, would take Indiana were French Jesuits, who you to all points of .interest in the hoped to build missions and convert state. A large map is found in a the Indians to Christianity. Then pocket in the back and would be escame the fur traders, or voyagers— pecially useful on these tours, and to protect these traders from Four Page Calendar . . English competition three principal There is a four page calendar of forts-were established in the Indi-• annual events, where we learn, for ana region—Miami, Quiatenon and instance, that on February 12th, Vincennes. Quiatenon was probably Booneville conducts a Nancy Hanks ■the oldest, but Vincennes was the Lincoln Memorial Service, that on only one to become a permanent May 27th, Oldenburg holds a Corcommunity. pus Christi Sei'vice, and that on Four Miles South December 11th the whole state celeTake another trip on Route 43— brates Indiana’s Birthday, only this time go south for four In the chronology are listed the miles, until on your left you see the important dates in the building of blockhouse that marks the site of our, State—here we read that on Fort Quiatenon. The best time to go December 17, 1778, the British vewould be on one of'the days when captured Vincennes, that on June the Tippecanoe County Historical 29, 1816 the State Constitution was
adopted by convention held at Corydon, and that in 1940, WendeliWillkie was nominated for President by
the Republican party.
You will have renewed interest and pride in Indiana when you have
TIillcI Fttundation: Prof. Frank Hall .HUill present second talk on current prbblelrifq Sunday. Dec. 7 at the Hillci House. Sjipper will be served at 6 p. m. and thcvtalk at 6:30. .: /■
Dec. p.m
Scriveners: Important meeting Sunday;
in room 263
the Union at 7:30
—BIEGLE
Independent Co-cds House Council: Regular meeting will be held Monday at 4 p. m.
in A. W. S. office.
—BUENTE.
Novice Pistol: Students desiring to fire in the sixth and last novice pistol group starting Dec. 9, should sign up in Supply Room now. —BROWN Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting of officers at 4 p.m. Sunday. Dec. 7, in room 262 of the Union. Pledges will meet in the Swedish Lounge at 6 p.m. and actives will meet at 6 p.m. in the Old Chestnut room for a banquet. —SIGLER ASME: Debris pictures will he taken Thursday. Dec. 11. iit 7:30 p. m. in Union ballroom instead of Thursday. Nov. 27.
—UTLEY
Ceres: Regular meeting postponed until Tuesday, Dec. 9. All actives and now initiates must attend as fall elections will be h61d. —CHESTER Senior Mechanicals: Booths for the collection of fees for picture of graduating class similar to those now in the' halls of
Delta Rho Ksppat Initiation \yill bo held Thursday, Dec. 11 at 5:30 p.m. in room 306 of the Union .followed by banquet ' at 6 p.m. in room 363. —BIERLBIN Reamer Club: Please turn in coupons for Michigan game to rtie at Exponent office before Monday, December 8. Important. —RUFFNER
Classified
Typewritera—Adding Machines, all makcii sold, rented, repaired, aitd purchased. Mirqcograph work done. C..J, Eborshoff, 606 Main,. Lafayette. Phone 2779. Losl: Phi Kappa Psi pin. fSali Bud Olney. Phone 60B7. Reward. : Lost; Gold Whitten'eur wrist watch on Northwestern or Stadium. Hanlon; Phono 4031. Reward.
Association holds open house there and explains the early history, nd
significance of the fort.
The chapter on the history tells of Indiana’s part in the Civil War and the World War; the growth of the
gi’eat industrial centers of Ham- read this book, and will gladly anmond. East Chicago, and Gary; the swer to “Hoosier” wherever you spread of cultural opportunities, in- may go. ,
THERE'S ONE WAY TO BE SURE ...
That you won't be disappointed at Christmas time.
RESERVE YOUR CRESTED GIFTS NOW .. . .
While our stocks are complete and "priorities" won't inter-
fere with your selection.
THE BUR-PAT STORE
113 Northwestern Ave.
COME IN AND SELECT YOUR CRESTED GIFTS THIS WEEK
Southworth’s
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
Dine Tonight NU CHINA GRILL CHOW MEIN — CHOP SUEY 409 Columbia St.
10c
PAUL'S PLACE
10c
BEEF STEAK HOME MADE CHILI
BEEF BARB-Q PORK TENDERLOIN
Phone 2654
FURNAS ICE CREAM 216 W. Columbia St.
We Deliver
YOUR FORTUNE IS BBBE! In a wealth of the smartest, the most comfortable shoes you've ever worn — our new Fortunes, j. See them today
JOETUNI i & W. Shw Da. ,121 N. 4th St.
LEARN TO DANCE ® CORECTLY PRIVATE LESSONS BY APPOINTMENT — PHONE 2150 — P. M. ALLEN, INSTRUCTOR CHRISTMAS “RECITAL Monday, Dec. 15, 8 p. m. ADM. FREE—PUBLIC INVITED
ALLEN’S
bill & Ferry
TEAR UP That Christmas List! Let us solve the whole problem for you with photographs, so easy, so economical — and yet so distinctive.
SCOBEE’S
101} Norlhwcslcrii
Phone 2343
IF YOU WERE THE BOSS Which would you Hire? We know that clothes do not make the man, but they go a long way in Getting Attention, Get the hubil of looking your best—have your clothes Grown cleaned regularly.
Crown Laundry
THE. MUSICAL WAY!
With a radio or radio-phono-graph. It’s the gift you’ve been looking for—sure to please a music lover.
And give your music-lpving friends their favorite numbers on records. The latest tunes by top-notch bandstand a special assortrnent of classical records and albums can be found at the
T-