i 4Y
’ i'
/ u"'
V ' . ’. ,>
Minn., 19; Northwes'n, i Seahawk$, 26; Indiana, 6 Wisconsin, 17;0. S. U.,7
Established 1889
xfUUieM
Micfiigan, 28; IHinofs, 14 Missouri, 7; Great Lakes, 0 Notre Dame, 9; Navy, 0
Volume 55, No. 37
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, November t, 1942
Last Quarter Score Downs Boilermakers, 13 To 7
Enlistments In Army Reserves Close Dec. 31 Military Dept. Announces That Deadline Change Applies To All Students All enlistments in the Army Enlisted Reserve, Corps Unassigned and the Army Air Forces Enlisted Reserve will be closed after December 31, 1942, to college students now in school it was announced yesterday by the University Military Department. The closing date is a change in the previous announcement for present first term freshmen. All students now in attendance at the University who expect to become applicants for
Tex Smerke
Big Boy
enlistment in the Reserve of the Army must place their applications now or face the possibility of 1 not being enlisted before the closing date for enlistment. No student will be enlisted after December 31st even though his application be on file. Steps to complete their enlistment should be taken immediately by students who have already applied and have not yet been enlisted. Any applicant who peimits more than ten days time to lapse between ijiis original application and his enlistment will face the possibility of having his application moved back to the end of the list
Navy Officers Will Induct Men Nov. 21
Applicants Entail No Obligations
On November 21, the Bureau of Naval Ordnance will visit the campus and will complete the induction oi interested men in that one day. Those who are interested, however, .should have all necessary papers such as parents consent, birth cer-
and thus may not be able to be en- tificates, physical examinations, and
1 etci ences all ready before signing uhe inteiview schedule. All information as to the natui e of these papers may be obtained at the personnel
office.
Students who are interested may report personally to Di. Miller of the Student Health Service and schedule an appointment for a physical examination. This arrangement .should be completed as soon as pos-
sible.
Any student who schedules an interview will be under no obligation to go through with the induction aftei interviewing the lepresentative if the applicant feels that he would not like the naval ordnance
work.
The Bureau of Naval Ordnance has developed a thoiough training course which coveis such subjects as torpedoes, mines, file control, explosives, and optics. These courses
listed prior to December 31st. Report To Health Service
All students who have previously applied and have not yet taken their phy.sical examinations are requested to report to the Student Health Seiwice at 7 p, m. rrext Wednesday. Pei sons desiring infoi mation concerning any part of the Army Enlisted Reserve program or desiring to apply fpr enlistment shoul/1 apply at Room B-4 in the Armory base-
ment.
Universify Trained Navy Men Assigned
To Active Duty
One hundred and eighty-two
bluejackets who graduated from the about eight months in length,
and at the completion of a couise an engineering graduate i.s made an
officer in Naval Ordnance.
The Bureau of Naval Ordnance is lesponsible foi the maintenance, as well as production, of the entire Ordnance furnished Naval an-
Ukn^s Stars For Hawkeyes/ Sinerkf's Catch Good For Tally By Bob Hadley, Exponent Sports Editor Looking better than they have since their game with Northwestern, the Boilermakers were still unable to keep the powerful Iowa running attack under control as they came off the field yesterday on the short end of a 13-7 score. A crowd of only about 16,000 witnessed the contest which was characterized by a high fumbling average and an unusual amount of partici-
pation by the officials.
The Riveters went to work early in the game to try to make their season record in yards gained from scrimmage a little more respectable, and managed to roll up nine first downs, but the running of Curran and ‘
Uknes gave the Hawkeyes an edge most of the way through
the game.
“Hurrying Henry” Stram, diminutive halfback, who •started in the shoes of mjuied Ken Smock, played nearly a full game of real football, chopping his way through the Iowa defenses and taking up the kicking duties when Bob Hajzyk was on the sidelines. The few minutes that Stram spent looking* on weie allotted to Bill Burghaidt, sophomoie newcomer to Big Nine action, who got off some nice passes but failed to penetrate the alert Iowa secondary. Iowa Gains On Ground Iowa, with the exception of the break that set up her second touchdown, gained mostly on the giound. Uknes, speedy fullback, made frequent journeys through the Riveter line for long gains. Tom Farmer, Hawkeye aerial aitist who has passed foi over 600 yaids in his first six games, had difficulty in making connections with receivers throughout the game, but the Boileimakei passing- attack was held to a lowei average than the eight out of 13 record maintained against Wisconsin. ' Iowa started right out for the
Varied Program Planned For Dads' Day Saturday Jan Savitt And Maury Mahns To Provide Music For Mixers By Jim Richardson Fathers of University students will have their day next Saturday when the annual Dads’ Day program will be held. The festivities will begin at 9 a. m. in the Great Hall of the Union when all dads will register. At 10 a. m. a series of University tours will start. Fathers who wish to see the various sections and schools of the University where their offspring
Farmer,
supposedly gain knowiedge should select the group that tours this part of the campus in order to get the most of their time and energy. Euiklings and other points of mteiest will
be visited.
At 11:45, Dads’ Day Luncheon will be served in the South Balli oom of the Union which will be open not only to dads but to the forgotten women (for the day), mothers and also soils and daughters. Prof. Robert Phillips and Paul Royster will preside and later Prof. F. B. Knight will speak and the Glee Club will sing. Price for the luncheon will be
75 cents.
Smoker In Union
In his lectuie, Duranty will dis- 2:30, the program will con-
the Hawkeye cuss the latest war developments tmue with the football game with
Duranty
To Discuss War At Convo News Correspondenl: To Talk Friday At 7:30 Walter Duranty, well-known foreign correspondent for the New York Times and the North American Newspaper Alliance, will speak at the convocation next Friday night at 7:30 p. m. in the Hall of Music. His topic will be “On the Sidelines
in Eastern Europe.”
the lad with his sleeves pushed up was probably the most surprised man on the field when the football bounced into his always ready hands with nothing but the other half of
the gridiron between him and Cuiran received Stram s
with a sledge hammer person- atid will include incidents and
ality
Naval Tiaining School at the University last week have now been assigned to farrflung posts from Puget Sound, Wash., to Norfolk, Va., Lt.Commander Herbert M. Hart, commanding officer, announced today. Many of them will soon be on active
duty with the Fleet as electricians planes, and all types of ships. It
mates, third clas^. Company 6, including 75 men from the Naval Tiaining Station at San Diego, Calif., and 125 from Great Lakes, 111., began their 16 weeks training this morning. They ’ivere welcomed to the school and the University by Commander Hart, Prof. C. W. Beese, director of wai training, and Don Scott, educational supervise). Ensign Loon Somers is company commander. The new arrivals took their placement tests Friday after-noon, and will begin regular classes in electrical theory, e)ectiical laboratory, wiling laboratory, tool laboratoiy, and mathematics. They have been assigned to quarters “aboard ship” in Cai-y Hall East, men’s re.sidence
hall.
equiiib merchant ships with .tbeii guns and ammunition, all submarines with their toipedocs, all destioyers and submai ine chasers with their depth charge.s, and the P. T. boats with their toi pedoes and the toipedo officeis who .shoot the
toi pedoes.
Camera Club Will Hold Annual Exhibit In Union Nov. 6-13 All camera enthusiasts are invited to participate in the annual fall Camera Club exhibit, which is to be held in the Union starting Fiiday. The exhibit is’ open to both
Six men who graduated with the students and faculty, and entiles
second class last week have been retained here for duty as tutors and assistants for the entire group of 800 electiicians now in tiaining. They are Donald K. Stewart, Minneapolis, Minn.; James Hayes, .Tackhonville. Flu,; L. P. Smith, Hitchcock, Okla.; L. C. Shockley, Temple, Ga.; Paul II. Akers, Baltimore, Md.;
must be in not later than Tuesday.
Entries will be divided into three
groups: the amateur students division, the advanced students division, and the University staff division. The pictures will be classi-
fied as pot tiait 01 pictoiial. Rules, letter s, enti y blanks,
mounting boards, and tissues aio
and William Oibaiigh, Indianapolis, still available at the Wdst De.sk oI ' the Union. The exhibit is open to nf«f/ TT-.. tiro public and will last from NoPhl Kappa Tau vember O-ia. . . . social fraternity, annovinces
the election of the following officers for the coming term: Charles Bickel, president; Ellis Murphy, vice-pres-ident; Bill Pettit, house manager; and Warren Wiekes and Paul New-t,^ hauser as co-stewards; Bob Hodapp, pledge manager; Stuart Ross, treasurer; Larry Thrasher, secretary; Dick Welty, sergeant at arms; Dave Eden, athletic chairman; Carl Davis, chaplain; and Don Frier, social
chairman.
Mudball
hey cjarence you no i hope that it
wont he a white xmas like the guy in the
juke box says it
will be just that much harder to walk home
for the holidays —MUDBAI.L
pay dirt Johnson Will Speak On NItroparaffins At AlChE Meeting Meeting of the student chaptei of the American Institute of Chemical Engineeis will featuie Dr. Kenneth Johnson who will speak on “Engineeimg Problems In Nitropaiaffin Pioduction.” The meeting will be held Wednesday in loom 129 of the Electiical Engineeiing building, at 7:30 p m. Since much of the primary woik in the field of nitiopaiaffins was done by Di. Hass and the chemistiy department, the subject should be of special interest to students in the University. Dr. Johnson completed his undergraduate work at Indiana State Teachois’ College, Teire Haute, in the spi mg of 1931. Fie was then employed by Commercial Solvents, Inc. In the fall ol 1931 he enteied the graduate school of chemistry here at the Univeisity on a Commeicial Solvents F’cllowship, wheie he received his PhD degree in 1937. At the present time, Di. John.son is the superintendent of Commeicial Solvents’ nitiopaiaffin plant in Peoi la,
111.
This meeting of the AIChE is op^n to all mteiested .students and j acuity members. Clinic To Offer Aid To University Coeds Department ol Physical Education foi Women is sponsoring a corrective clinic eveiy Monday and Wednesday afternoon from 4 to 5:30. Any coed needing help with her posture, feet, overweight or underweight problems is invited to come to the coirective gymnasium in the basement of the Memorial Gymnasium dining any one of these sessions. Professor Marion Russell, as.sisted by Miss Mary May Scoville, is in chaige of the clinic.
kickoff opening the game; but after a pair of first downs had placed the ball on the Boileimakei 48, the Hawkeyes bogged down, and Youel punted to Stram who dashed back
to his own 30.
Net Three First Downs At this point the Boilermakers, led by Bachman, Stram and Andletich, started a march of their own via the giound which netted three fiist downs and placed the ball on the Iowa 26 before the Hawkeyes
held for downs.
Taking over the ball, the lowans moved down the field behind the plunges ot Feiguson and Cm ran, but Andietich recovered Cuiran’s fumble on the Boilermakei 49 to stop the diive. At this point Uknes entered the contest and the Hawkeyes proceeded to move down to the Rivetei 13-yaid stripe.
Stram Intercepts
Fanner diopped back to toss a pass and was dumped on the 22 by French and Smerke. On the next play Farmer again faded back to pass and his toss was intercepted behind the goal by Stiam who ran it clear out to the 25 before being
Musical Organizations Present Program At Navy Dance ^Albert P. Stewart, Directoi of University Musical Organizations, served as mastei of cei emonies last night at a Hallowe’en dance for personnel of the naval electiicians tiaining school located at the Univei sity. The entertainment, featuring student talent, was given at the
YMCA.
Art Jacklin, sophomore mechanical and tenor in the Glee Club, appealed as Madame Le Jackline, an operatic sopiano prima donna, resplendent m ostiich plumes, black lace gown, lace mitts, old fashioned coi setting and moie than adequate padtiing. Ait’s main number was “Cara Nome” fiom Rigiletto, in which he stretched his voice high into the soprano range to reach the
note of high “E”.
Caiolyn Wood, junior science student, appeared in a gay nineties costume to sing “Heaven Will Protect the Working Girl”, and “A Man Was the Cause of It All”. Also on the progiam was Bob Pettiner, sophomore science student, who
dotes chosen from his own extensive experiences among the Soviets and
the Japanese.
Admission will be by passpoi’ts and season tickets. Single admission tickets will also be on sale at the door for 55 cents. Service men in uniform will be admitted free. Movies To Feature Sulfonamide Therapy Tomorrow At 4 P. M. student branch of the American Pharmaceutical Association will present the third in its series of fall movies tomorrow at 4 p. m. in room 311 of the Pharmacy Building. The feature, “Sulfonamide Therapy,” stresses the use of sulfadiazine, giving the historiacl development of sulfonamides from 1908 to the present. It is another of the 45 minute color movies loaned to schools by the Lederle Laboratories. Some scenes were filmed in the Sulfonamide Reseaich Division of
their laboratories.
Application of sulfonamide therapy in many branches of medicine is revealed. Laboratory and bedside methods for determining the sulfonamide blood concentrations are
the sailors from Great Lakes Naval Ti-aining Station. No plans have been made for dads after the game in order to enable them to attend dinners at various fraternities, sororities and halls. At 7 in the evening there will be a special Dads’ Day smoker in rooms 340 and 350 of the Union. This will be very informal and will feature several contests. Prizes will be given to the baldest and the fattest dads, the dads with the most children in the University and the dad who has come the farthest. Convo In Fowler Hall
%r
An hour later, at 8j all dads are invited to relax for awhile and attend a special convocation for them in Fowler Hall. The prog-ram will consist of talks by Coaches Burnham, Lambert and Mackey and Prof. C. E. Dammon. The Concert Choir will sing- and'^o top off the program, a special color film of the University will be shown. Although some dads probably already will have attended the preDads’ Day mixer featuring- Jan Savitt on Friday evening, following the convo those who have enough energy and can get a date may attend the Dads’ Day mixer in the Union which will feature Maury Mahns. This mixer will conclude the planned program, but who can tell, some dads have minds of their own.
... Hopijumoie science siiiueiu, wno ruiiainiue uiouu cunceiiLiai,iuns are . . A Ml f* I dropped by a host of Hawkeyes. The seveial popular numbeis on described and methods of adminis- /l4rS. Acller SpeakS a-f-pnnnfl in VinwAirm ancT 5i.c;_ i.... .i.* ./» j-i. _ i.. . j. .3 ■
To Meredith Club
Tomorrow
Sigma Pi
. . . social fraternity, held its 20th annual pledge, barn dance at the chaptci house last Friday night. Maury Mahns and Ins oachestra Ini*--nished the music and dining intermission the fall semester pledges wore intrsduced.
officials stepped in, howevei, and asserted themselves, and a clipping penalty on the Boilermakers placed
the ball on their own 5.
Hajzyk’s kick was low and left the field in the neighboihood of the 30 and Iowa was marching again. This time they could not be stopped and Kunes and Curran diive to the Boilermaker 4, where on the next play Uknes grabbed the ball and smashed his way over the line. Farmer converted and the Boiler-
makeis trailed 7-0.
Mix-Up Brings About Score Barbour kicked off for the Hawkeyes, and Snyder took the ball on the 10 and drove back to the 36. (See IOWA GAME, page 3)
Excuses The excuse system that has been in vogue for so many years on this campps goes out of existence today and beginning Monday, November 2nd. excuses will no longer be issued by the Student Health Service, the Dean of Women’s Office or the Dean of Men’s Office. Hereafter, attendance is a matter that must be arranged between student and instructor except as provided in Rules and Regulations Governing Students. F. I. GOLDSMITH Dean of Men
his accoidian, one of the last fine Soprani’s impoited from Italy be-foi-e the war. Gloria Specht, sophomoie acrobatic dancer, was also included in the entertainment.
tration are demonstrated.
Although it is open to the public, this movie should be of especial interest to pharmacy and pre-medical
students.
Prof. Shreve Comments On Visit To Edgewood Chemical Arsenal
By Ed Stephenson R. Norris Shreve, professor of the school of Chemical Engineering, and Lt. Charles A. Sloat of the Civilian Piotection school located here at the Univeisity, returned Friday from the Edgewood Arsenal in Maryland, wheie they attended an advanced school for instruction in the most recent methods of detecting and combating war gases. The instruction at the Edgewood Aisenal was under the direction of the United States Chemical Warfaie Service, whose headquarteis are located at the aisenal. The purpose of the course was to place men
there is no certainty that an air or gas raid might be carried out on this country, but that officials are preparing- for the woist, in case of an unexpected emergency. If there should be a raid on our soil, there is even less chance that gases will be used, but both sides in this war have used incendiary bombs on a large scale, and instruction in the latest means of combating these is also
taught at the arsenal.
The foresightedness of the U. S. Army Chemical Warfare Service was piaised by Prof. Shreve, in that they are making plans for civilian protection here despite the long
Mrs. Larry Adler will speak at the Virginia C. Meredith meeting to be held tomorrow afternoon at 4j00 in room 216 of the Home Economics Building. Under her topic, “Hair Styling,” she will discuss the present trend of hair styles and emphasize becoming “type” styles. To supplement her talk, there will be pictures of actual coiffuies with Jane Scarff and Anne Bradley modeling various types. Mrs. Adler is a graduate of the University H()ime Economics school and took training in beauty cultiiio at Central Beauty School in Indianapolis. She has had experience as an operator in the Mars Beauty Shop, Lafayette. All Virginia C. Meredith Club members or any students who wish to join are asked to attend; refreshments will be served at the doge of the meeting.
trained in detection and defense chances of its actual use. The most against our own and enemy types important phase of this protection of war gases in strategic points is the establishment of several throughout the country. The group schools similar to the one now lothat took the course included men -cated at the University throughout fiom most of the important sections' thi^duiiTry. The Civilian Protection of the country. School here is under the command
Professor Shreve repprts that of Col, W. A. Johnson.
Professor Sears ... of the department of history, economics and government will speak at the Sunday Evening- Club of the University Church at 6 o’clock this evening. His subject will be “The Peace to be Made."
4,^
iiffxf
ft
Page 2
Purdue Exponent
\ 4" Sunday^ November 1, 1942
Purdue Exponent Offices Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m , 5377
I 11 r 1 (1 of N \ t d 1 r
I ! I ■ *5 M T T| er
John F Amon Don T Brophy John H Armstrong Robert L Hadley Ken K Gpemre Alice Chatheld
PubhcaHon Staff Assoc ate Ed tors i 1 foT nl Sfnrr D W Ocl c line? A P H inter W F Rflfert 1 W ( II kr K W Bo witille K Ron lemorp AN I } ( I I Prow^r 7 S Dawson D Shrycr C i J s iff Sail P ill Cl ir olte Has‘5 Jean I nuci Thine -N Business Staff ( 1 11 1 ness Manager Jul i Martin Ad rf t Managers I M \\ i j,l t D T Johi son J Petty ( t n Manager C H Kl man I Manager Tr nn foirenga 1 r t I Managers 1 lien Cl iK Jane Ke m The Purdue Independent I d I r n t h ef Dave Barta Ma ag 1 g i d 1 r Ed Humphrey I r Manager Elwin Welbaum d I ui r Roberta Kessler \d rt ng Manager Scott Brown / r n Ian ger George Paine ( i it Mai agor Harold Hendricks
Staff For This Issue
t I lor Huntc I d { r Mirens
Sports Editor Sowards Issue Editor Smith
rt< r AA 1 r J R cl ir 1 on Abbett Parsons Murphy 1 1 h I on St Th ns n Hopkins Kriegcr B itler
eon 1 la s matt r at the post office in Lnfay u 1 i tl a l ol Coi gres of Ma ch 3 18 9 el of po tafee i rovidc I for in tction ft r 1 1 )1 1 thoi i d January 20 1J22 Tu ia> Th lAtl > !• rulay ai (I Sunday mon IT gs D 1 r 1 lo llv by caintr for SI G for a ^ f tw emcsler by n ail foi $2 00 foi a f r ( s m t t c le 1 bstr pi on $1 50 I j t o al aKert iig ly Nat onal Adverti ] C II g PH hers Repre entat ves 420 \e V y 1 NY
Reserves Again . . . J ( s fiont page cairies the Military De- ] t) cut s announcement conceining the d 111 Cl both the Aimy and the Army An J tc 1 nhsted Re-5ei\e Coips December 31 \1 hru!7-h the change primarily effects ] ( lu fii^t teim lieshmen who weie to have 1 1 Ih end of then fieshman year to enlist, 1| I lounccment does serve as a reminder K ( (1 students who has not yet enlisted t (1 ol the piesent semester also marks I i ( sng period foi any application for the J (1 Rcsei\e fiom any peison except an J 1 1 lu icshman \\ nh in houi and twenty minutes of actual (I c 1 \ Ol k needed foi each student who en- ] I 1 i lothei hour for the physical examin the Military Depai tment is already beII II ow ded with the 130 odd applications beim iccpi\cd each week The student may ]U 1 ini himself the possibility of his apI h tin being lecened too late if much time I i m his enlisting 1 the woids of Piesident Elliott earlier in II ( s inciter It is to the advantage of every 1 i lit to sign up immediately tor one of the ( i LS Ihe student who is signed up will It i i\cii the pieferied status (1 ( of the factors in this “preferred status” I \ mentioned is the guaranteeing of 13 \ k^ I ‘^sic militaiy tiaimng before being ml ) tioop duty during which time an op- ) lilt will be given to compete for appomtt I 1 (">111001 s Training School —r w b The Ratio 4.95 ... to 1 \ IiTP DOrS IT AGAIN ( \M) W L IlOPI I OR THL LAST TIMF) ill Apple Bob Swishei of the ATO s hnally 1 s mirKl about what to do with a beautiful I c ICC and hunj, it on the „nl liom home J II \ c u c suipiiscd*
JJ It PS Ol THF WEEK—
i] p i It in "Inhics bounced back the wiite cioss 1 Z mine man Intelested fellows’ Bcttci I 1 Is in tally tho cause wc undeistind that
i c JoLi th tij at bieakint it up
\
I \R ro BF OPENED SOON rt.l])ha X s seem to be opening, a bai on the P coinci loom How the men aic feoini, to til c IS the question ol the houi but a lait,e 1 I 1 R i{,n is the latest aceessoiy
I) nil niFY DO 11— t ( nne Kiblei ama/ed eveiyone by taking I Ku pin ol Laiiy Floia and Hal nett Sim l t \ ind Hoiseshoe galz will say 1 do in
IJ
1 O f 1 1 SS WL CAN T— ( 11 Pill Shelhotn got the-shoek of his life 11 1 diy when he got a box thiough the mail I 1 I it aid lound seventeen potatoes and his 1 t\ ) n wl leh he thought was safely out on a ll t( 11 fl 1 h Well do you get it ^
lORf IR( in IHAN POETRY Vi 1 \ Wl y IS it than eveiything I do seems I t ' \ i J an ll i i (hi What aic you doing
If Of nil wi 1 K IK ni D 10 MOSI Ol THF 1 DS) 1 1 I) d( ne w Ih dames I i 1 eat ll d they lu II (\ p e V iq on males, I ) It ( daj W( die II y liase and Loiraentus And di ive us to sin— Saj look at the blonde that just came in'
^ mmw Merry-GO-ROiiHD By DREW PEARSON U. S. Millions Go For Rubber From Amazon Valley But Results Fall Short Of Goal WASHINGTON—Unfoitunate inside fact regard ing oui giandiose plans to get lubbei fiom the Aim zon Valley is that we aient going to get any moie than a dnblet this yeai About 4 000 tons have been pioduced against an expectation of around 50 000 tons Part of this failure is due <o the jealous tug of war between Jesse Jones and the Board of Eeonoiflic War fare Jones’ Rubber Reserve at first delayed doing anything about Brazilian rubber I ater the BEW stepped in This situation bad as it may be is insignificant compared with the handicaps of natuie Tor in the jungles of the Amazon nature has erected the most difficult barriers conceivable to protect her rubber Heie IS the tragic in'-idc stoiy of what has hap pened Fust the BEW w-oiking in cooperation with Jesse Jones Rubber Reserve offered a htgher wage to rub bei workers with the lesult that they flocked to the jungle But this took men away fiom the lessci paid work of farming and wood cutting so that river steamers lacked wood fuel, and the jungle settle nrents lacked food • Starvation In The Jungle The result was that a gi cat many men actually died of staivation in the jungles A few had been given shot guns but ammunition was so sc inty that they were scarcily able to shoot monkeys Later the people in the towns fiom which the rubbci woiktrs weie leciuited heaid th it then friends and lelrtives starved to death Now these towns wont send any moie workeis One factor contributing to the tragic situation was that a ship bringing food, firearms and more equip ment to the Amazon was sunk by a Nazi submarine Also it takes a tremendous numbei ot tin cups to collect I ubber A cup is tied to each tree and catches the rubber as it slowly oozes (rom the ti unk About 15 000 000 cups aie necessary foi one area alone However the chief shipment of tin cups „ot held up on the dock in southern Brazil missed the bo it then weie fuither delayed by submaiine w uf ue and now have missed the cuiient i ubbci seasoi iso they will have to wait for the next season A lot ol these handicaps such is submai me w ii fare aie insuimountable But the net result is tint although we aie spending many millions wc will giL almost no rubber from Biazil this year • Hitler's New Order Here is in authentic lecount iiom Dutch Govern ment souices of what hippened to Hollindcis who weie caught in the act of printing xn inti Nazi pub lication n Ihe Nether Irnds One victim was foiced to place hn feet in a tib ol water which was brought slowly to the boiling point Anothci patiiot who hid been airestcd ir mid wintei was compelled to undiess and was pi iced upon a chan 11 the open eouityaid ot the pnson sui sounded by waimly dicssed Gestapo men whi que tioned him as long as he could st ind it Whenever he fainted they poured hot dunks down his throat and rubbed his numb body until the inter rog ilion could be continued Still another Hollander had Ins fingernails torn out, and a very common method ol torture was the use of dazzling light directed upon the eyes of the suspect will 11 the N I'Kis fiist tool over they gave oideis o then tioops to deal gently with locil popul itions But with continued local lesistancc the ,^loves are oft Men and women il lovei Einopc uc loainmg the ti ue meaning of the new oidoi now piomiscd by Germany Note Intelligence lepoits indicate that Gcimany is now on the decline in the Euiopean states too sm ill tq resist Hitlci it fiist Today they ne issertmg tljcmselvcs undergiound iml the Nazis cneoui tei mcieasin., difTicultics • Senator Doxley's Railroad The subway tram between tho Capitol and the Senate office building is r great help to Senatois shuttling hack and forth to then offices but Senatoi Wall Doxey ol Mississippi would be the fii st to idmit that it can prove a political liability Doxey seldom uses the little tramway preleinng to walk Nonetheless, Mississippi farmers call it Doxey s Railroad and according to friends it had something to do with the Mississippian s pi unary de feat Here s the story James Eastl ind w ho defeated Doxty mulcapnc ticc of inquii m,., dm mg speeches in fiim comnumi lies if tlicic was a lailroui nc,|iby Nope someone would leply Nc nest one ten miles What a shame sighed 1 a^tlan 1 You 1 now Scnatoi Doxey his i piivite laihoul m W ishmgton which he uses to iidc back and loith to Ins olhcc • Six Nazi Saboteurs The law leqinies th it cvtiy dt itli m the Distiiet of Columbia be rccoided by the D C Buitau ol Vital Statistics Howcvci SIX dciths that mule sens it on il head lines more than two months i„o—thi N izi s ib iti m clectiocuted August 8—still aic uinecoidcd Jhe ( oroner is still waiting lor tho Wai Dcpail ment to instruct him lo ceitify the deaths hut lor some unexplained icason it hasn t All iiiquiiics at the War Department arc met with the slock icply No comment Officials ot the Bui can ot Vital Stitisl es il o pio less ignorance about tho m itlci but hive Iclt six vacant spaces with sc ml luimbus on tin dc ith iigister lor August 8 Meantime the bodies ol the s iboti in li imdiiLi tied in the Distiict s P ttcis 1 it Id AI ivi the ix giaves aie wooden mailci Itiniu miinlii Ikiii 27G to 281-—but no names • Women Navy Workers I Ol I glimpse ot wh it women can do in w u mdus tiy diop in attic Noi lolk N iv il An SUlion lluus which have httn dam igcd in utim cc m to the JJi paitnunt ot Asscmtly mil Rcjiaii when the si illid mcthdiiics who do the 1 ighly diili nil ijipui woil m flu Ic 5(J() womin lluy operate latius stive is diill picsstrs and shapers, they asstmhlt tngiius itpair ladios gen erators ckctiit slaitcis and they aie ixptit in welding (Copyright 1942 by United 1 eatiuc Syndic itc, Inc )
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By LicMy
Personnel Notes Companies to visit campus Bell Aircraft Buffalo, New York —November 2 and 3 Interested in ME, AeroE Bethlehem Steel Co , Bethlehem, Pa—November 4 and 5 Lcndix Products Div Beiulix Aviation Coi poration. South Bend Ind —November 6 and 6 Allegheny I udlum Steel Corp, Biackeiuidge Pa—November fi Devoe & Raynolds f o , Inc I ouis villo Ky—November (j Intel ested m women chemists Pan American Airways Inc, lacl son Heights N Y ■—Nov 9 Bureau ot Naval Personnel— V 7(S)—for Buieau of Navil Old nance Chicago 111 — Novembei 12 13 and 14 Intel ested in December ME EE CE and ChE loint Rec-uiting Board—Aimy Navy Marine Corps Coast Guard — Columbusy Ohio—Nov 17 and 18 McDonnell An craft Corp St Bell System (Western Electric and Bell Labs)—November 5 ind ( Westinghouse Electric and Ylaa ufactiuing Co—Nov 10 and 11
NOW SHOV/ING A Fast Laugh Hil
^\Twke tis fumy As Their first/ ^ ^ a Radio s two top laugh teams and a flock of
other big-til
of the air In the scream ■, ^
screen'
Hail! Hasll Their gang s
& ^.1
•THE GREAT GIIOERSLEEVI* iHaroia Peam GIHNY SIMMS ‘ Bill Thompson • Gals Goalon Itabol Randolph • Mortiraor Snord • and M'i NOBLE and Band Produced and Directed by ALLAN GIAfAN
ADDED
TOUCHDOWN TARS See The Great Lakes Football Team In Actioi
Also—DISNEY CARTOON
— ADMISSION Nights ind Sunday Week Di/ Matinee Children
r -s .
story/ It gets sweller by the minute and there's 90 excitement stud ded minutes of it'
wkhGENE LOCKHART-ROSCOE KARNS-EDWARD CIANNELLI
Daily Health Service Report
Student Health Service lepoits the following students have been admitted to St Lliz ibeth s Hospital for medic ll ticatment Viiginia Scl kis sophomoie Sci K P Aitkin sophomoic Eng H A Sei Jell soph omoic Met Nancy Young jiinioi HP and Sally M icDonnld senior Sci Students cntoimg St riizabcth hosj lal for suigicil treatment W(i< Max Sacks junioi CE and H C \ ilentc iipshmrn f R Shelton sophomo e FF entcied Home ^los pitrl fo surgical tieatmcnt ” he following havclccn idmittc 1 to Home Hospital tor medical treat ment J R Boinoi sophonqfj: lyiF, and R F Dc St Aubin lunioi 1 n Joan Stevens h s been admitted to the WRH infiimaiy
Lt, Pollack
But Magnolia—how will voui ntitcs cvti stand the noise in a munitions factoiy '* ’
Problems For Fun I To f iciliL itc then cons dci itio i solutions sho il 1 be submitted on si pa latc signed «-hects within one week ittoi the posting ol the piohlcm Include with 0 ich solution r signc 1 tilcment tint the solution w is obt lined iin is'-i ltd SoluLioi s iic Li be h in k 1 in it the M Uhem itics Oflicc
PROBLEM 8 V gill „ocs to i candy stoic and spends $1 00 on c iildy Gum drops are 10 tor i cent eaiamtlsari 2c xpicci in 1 ihocolatf hiisaie ic e itli She c( iitines licrstlf lo these thiee kinds ol e indv md buvs 111 ill 100 pieces ol candy How nianv ot eu'i kind does sli gel ^ RI M\RKS 0\ PROBI I M 1 The I amc ol the en^incc 1 Sniilli This pi ol lem IS i Luilly 1 test ,,iv nl lie Pell Ichen Sle ICoipoia tion lo piospective empliyee fw 1 id tl le qi iiUis hoius weic llowed foi Its s lution 1 it it n U Iz 1 1 I 11 f ve to Ion minutes Tins ex iinple iivolvis 1 itl ir g iioie tl in ci eiiil wewhin ol the V 11 loiis st lie nents giv e 1 M in\ \ 11 1 1 Ll s tv [ t f f 1 I le n e 1 le const ucUd 11101 e 11 volvt I j e 1 ip 1 1 tv ti 1 si tie an ilysis Tl e c i cles 1 cuing ol such pi i kin k i cnei !iy to (lie conclusion th it they le i me i 11 k 1 ipil ini liLed tilen il
Signal Coipr- Washineton D C —111*61 ebted in students with col lege degiee ind timed in ether English Mithcniitics 11 foHign 1 rngu igcs Placement Notes For Women All se nor women wl 0 have 1 id (hi ee yi u s of w oil 111 chenn tiy in eln lin^ qualitatvc in quantitive anily is and aic inteio ted in lab oratory vvoil should eontret the Womens Pcisoinel Sci vice iiinnc diitclv eitl ei in peison 01 by (ihono (2955) PAntONi/r I xpoNfNr AD\I iniSFRS
of the navil tinning school located it tiic Univeisity spoke be foie the Boswell high school and w IS a (ini ei „ue&t it the Boswell Business Men s Club yesteiday
LyUA -TODAY - TOMOROW—
CAMPBELL CAFE PLATE LUNCH 35c SOUP SANDWICHES <Under Hew Management) 2.13 Northwestern Ave
Woan
Tyrone
POWER'FdlAINi
★ A yt A-At A A ★ A ★ ★ ★ A ★ ★ ★ ★-Hr ★ ★ Ar ★ Arrlr i Olan mills Sfiiilio t -K (llislincltn Potlraitiin) ^ 205 F 1st Si iti >(- t Phoni 3415 t AAtAA’★★★A'
ARC
TODAY - MONDAY
By ERIC KNIGHT PIUS — SECOND H8T AN APPLE A DAY COULDN’T KEEP THIS DOCTOR AWAY!
RANDOLPH SCOTT JOHN WAYNE in "THE SPOILERS" — AND — JANE WITHERS — in — "SMALL TOWN DEB" — ALSO — WALT DISNEY CARTOON
lean
‘caret • PH'tyf®'
FLY, JAP, FLY I’M RIGHT OH YO
YouVe got a one way ticket to hell and I’m the baby to punch holes in it...with lead... 8.EAKI!
AIL!
FLVinG i
•r'l'fn
TIGERS
MAMSA A
m
k !• j,
Sunday, November 1, 1942
- 4\
/f!'
#
Boilermaker Sports
Page J
Wisconsin Badgers Beat Game q
(Contitmed from page 1)
I • ^ ■ .1 t *"W 0* Ed Cvcenas faded back and nassed
OhioStateByl7-7Score MADISON, WIS , Oct 3|.—^Wisconsin’s undefeated Badgers toppled Ohio State from the ranks of the nation’s undefeated elevens, and took over the lead in the Western Conference gridiron race, when they scored a decisive 17-7 triumph over the Buckeyes here today before an estimated Homecoming
crowd of 48,000 fans
Fallback Pat Harder scored the first Badger touchdown, kicked two extra points and
booted a 36-yard field goal 'i'^he other Wisconsin touchdown resulted when Elroy Hirsch tossed a pass to Dave Sphreiner in the Buckeye end 'zone. Paul Sarringhaus scored the lone Ohio State touchdown eaily in the fourth quartei Bucks Start Strong Ohio’s powerhouse ground attack completely dominated the fiist quai tei as the buckeyes lepeatedly diove deep into Badgei teiiitory Late in the period, Hirsch took the ball on his own 13 yaid line and raced 71 yaids down the sidelines to the Ohio 22 j^aid stupe befoie he was tackled from behind by Tom James At least SIX Buckeye tackleis grabbed Husch during his long jaunt, but the fleet-footed Badgei eluded them le
peatedly
Harder then tossed a lateral to Wink who drove to the 16 befoie being stopped as the quaitei ended On the fourth down with foui yaids needed for a fust down, Hirsch skated right end to give the Badg eis a first down on the Buckeyes’ 9 yard line Hirsch then picked up si\ moie yards, and Harder drove to the one foot line, from which point he battered his way through the Buck eye line for the game’s first touch down With Wink holding, Haider booted the ball between the upiights to give the Badgers a 7 to 0 lead Harder Booted One Latei 111 the second quarter Ilirseh slipped thiough seven Buck eye tacklcis as he laced 20 yards to the Ohio 22 yaid line Alter Harder gained six moio yaids the
Buckeye line tightened With Wink holding the ball on the 26 yard line. Harder booted a field goal to make the score read 10 to 0 in favor of the Badgers Late in the thud period. Bob Baumann, Badgei tackle, got off a punt which went out of bounds on the Ohio 4 yard line At this point the vaunted Buckeye offense began to click as the boys from Columbus reeled off four first downs, with Gene Fekete sparking the attack, to move the ball to the Wisconsin 45 yard line As the final quarter began, Fekete tossed a pass to Shaw who was finally stopped on the Badger 27 yard stripe ^ Fekete Got Hot After Fekete gamed three more yards through the line, Horvath completed a pass to Shaw on the 11 yard line Fekete then picked up eight more yards in two plays to put the ball on the Badgei 3 yard stripe, from which point Paul Sar1 inghaus scored for the Buckeyes to climax a drive which saw Ohio State march 96 yards without once giving up possession of the ball With Horvath holding, Fekete converted to make the score read 10 to 7 in favor of the Badgers Hirsch To Schreiner Husch, whose swivel hipped run ning had thrilled the highly partisan homecoming crowd all afternoon, proved his veisatility by tossing a 14 yaid pass to Schieinei Another Husch to Schreiner, aerial then re suited in the final Bad^,ei touch down When Haidei conveited, the score lead 17 to 7 in favor of Wis consin
SCOBEE’S
Youi fuiiiily •mil Irididt, waul it—Inisme-s ofli n denianils il— so have th It nerv |>oiti iit in till tui! i> I tu ft w iniiiiitcs leqiiiied will be well spt nt. PHONE 2313 105 NORTHWESTERN AVE
Ed Cycenas faded back and passed on the next play to Capt Tex Smerke, but the pass was long On the following maneuver Cycenas again flipped a long one intended for Smerke which Youel and Farmer both attempted to intercept with the net result that the ball bounced elusively from their hands into the waiting arms of Smerke, who looked around, found himself alone and tore for the goal for a touchdown Stram kicked the ball squarely between the uprights to tie the score at 7 all Stram kicked off to Youel but Iowa was unable to get under way and Farmer kicked a long one down the field which was downed on the Boilermaker 10 Bob Bachman went through the center of the Hawkeye forward wall for a first down, but the Riveters were halted on their 24 and Hajzyk booted out to Curran who was dropped in his tracks by Smerke and Harris The referee de tected unnecessary roughness, how ever, and the ball moved back to the Boilermaker 38 The whistle ended the half before further Iowa maneuvers could be commeneed
deMaria Recovers
Opening the second half, Stram kicked to Youel and on the next play Curran fumbled and Pete deMaria gathered in the ball for the Boilermakers Bill Burghardt tossed a pair of long passes to Smerke but the Hawkeye secondary grounded both
and Hajzyk punted
Uknes fumbled for a one yard gam and the Boilermakers held Farmer kicked to Stram who took the ball on his 15 and Wove and chopped hib way down to his own 46 befoie being smothered under a
host of Iowa tackleis Berto Completes Pass
Tony Berto entered the game again and completed his only pass attempt of the game with Strain on receiving end for a first down on the Iowa 43 The Boilermakers moved on down to the 32, but Andietich was caught back on the 38 attempt ing to pass and Stram kicked out of bounds on the 30 Uknea took the ball and led the way to the Boiler maker 44 where the Riveters braced Getting the ball again on then own 20, the Boilermakers reeled off two first downs but weie unable to march past the Iowa 45 and Stram kicked a long spiral that hit on the 10 and took an educated bounce out ot bounds on the six Iowa started
ports CommuniqueQ Duesler Leads Harriers By Bob Hadley O jsjon-Conference Win,
Preping For State Meet
Well we did it again The Boilermakers put up a tough scrap yes-
terday that fooled the dopesteis by one touchdown, but the horsepowey just wasn’t there to fool them by two Iowa, using the overland route that netted them a one-pomt margin over Indiana last week, managed to take advantage of the “breaks” and chalk up a victory, even though their Classing attack with Tom Farmer serving failed to click to any
extent . i Yesterday’s results give the Boilermakers a record that reads, won 1, lost 5. It’s not very impressive There’s no getting around it But the teaip is playing the g<ame hard as they svying into the last series of games of the season whgn injuries have cut down drastically on the speed and power available at the first of the year—and that certainly wasn’t too much Most observers said at the first of the year that it ’ivas going to be^a queer season for the Boilermakers It was easy ti^ sit-down and figure out that the Boilermakers would drop everY |fame on the schedule if the team didn’t have what it takes to make the deceptive short punt formation style of attack effective. Anfi it was fairly easy to dream up a pretty good season,
if one wanted to.
Where the iub came is found in the fact that a deceptive attack involving delayed bucks, Spinneis, reverses, etc, is difficult to operate against a faster, hard-charging team It can’t be done That bottled up the Boilei makers afe* Vanderbilt and Ohio State It compiises the mam reason that the tioil^rmakprs haven’t been scoring much ahead of the 27 points per seasoh rate established by last yeai’s team Things aren’t going to be as bad as they might have been, though Men out of action This week will be back in harness for the final three games of the season, and, all things considered, the Boilermakers ought td be able to annex at least two of their three remain-
ing contests.
Looking ove; some of yesterday’s lesults we note that the Badgeis of Wisconsin lose up and ciossed us up foi the second straight week by knocking off the Buckeyes by a comfortable 17 7 margin The Buck eyes out-gamed the Badgers m the final statistics, but they failed to scoie m thiee of then long diives, while the Badgeis took advantage of eveiy opportunity—and its the seoie that counts Wisconsin’s glittering sophomore, Elroy Hirsch, led the way for the Badgers with a 70-yaid run to set up the first touchdown for Pat Harder to negotiate When the Buckeyes came back after trailing at the half, 10-0, with a third-period touchdown on a drive from their own 4, Hirsch flipped a pass to Schreiner in the end zone for the final score The victory leaves Wisconsin as the only team with an unmarred Western Conference record
Riveter Guard
Switnhfo MEDKO FILfElliiSiilCiM
86 Baffle Filter TfirillsSmiliers
USED IN MEDICO PIPES, CIGAR, AND CIGARETTE HOLDERS
to loll, with Uknes teaimg aiound end to the 29 and then getting away to the Boileimakei 47 wheie safety man Henry Stiam finally diopped him Uknes Goes Over A holding penalty moved the Hawkeyes back, but on the next play a long pass from Farmer to Parkei on the 27 was i uled com plete as a result of mteifeience On the next play Uknes drove to the nine Here the Boileimakeis took time out and were awaided a 6 yard penalty foi too many recesses With the ball on the four, Fainiei smashed his way to the two and Uknes went ovei foi the winning touchdown Faimei’s ponveision at tempt was blocked by the Boilci makei foivaid wall Following the kickoff the Boileimakeis again bogged down deep in their own teiiitoiy and Stiam kicked out on his own 39 A pass fiom Farmer to Cun an barely es caped the receivei on the goal line Taking over on then 20 the Boiler makers weie still ujrable to get up steaip, as Stram was diopped for a foul yaid loss when his interference failed to keep up with the fleet left half Passes by Biughaidt failed to connect and the final gun sound ed as Iowa took over the ball on downs on the Boilermaker 28 First Since 1923 The game marked the first Iowa victory m Iowa City over the Boileimakers since 1923 and brought the totals for the series to 11 for the Boilermakers and nine for the Ilarrkeyes
Intramural Checkroom Serves As Base Of Supplies For Many; Ping Pong Popular
Protect Those Precious Wool Sweaters Your wool swcalcrs need more prolcclion aiiri care 111 ail ever. Have them r cleaned and blocked reliable cleaners.
By Ronnie Butler
Boxing gloves, punching bags, volleyballs, football equipment, golf sticks rifles and ping pong paddles —this IS only some of the sports equipment that is used by Univer sity students every day From seven in the morning until ten at night the check out office in the basement oC the Fieldhouse issues equipmept to students It seems that the Uni veisity has a great number ot pmg pong enthusiasts as ping pong pad dies ind balls are the most used of any of the equipment in the Field house Basketball is second, but this IS only natural being that Indiana is the hotbed foi the cage game Many students go to the gym between six and eight in the evening for a game of basketball or just to improve then shooting eye Otheis can be found in the exercise rooms where they can iclax and let off a little steam before an evening of study
1 hree Man Job
The job of caring for the equip inent and ai tides u«ed in the Fieldhouse intramural field, and various plt.ces around the camplus is taken care of by thiee men, one of which 1-. a student Inside of the ‘cage” the walls are lined with bins and racks where the equipment is kept, and to the 1 eai is a storeroom where out of season equipment is stored From the cage all spoits equipment is is sued on request Returned articles mav be diopped into a chute which leads into the check room Just eaiing for and checking out the equipment isn t the only thing that IS done behind the ‘ cage” for there are 2500 student lockers that have to be kept in order Students use between 700 and 1 000 towels in the Fieldhouse every day These die sorted, counted, and put aside for the daily laundry eolleetion An othei duty of the man behind the ‘cage” IS to take a daily sample from the swimin ng pool The sam
Friday afternoon, surrounded by all the bad things a weather department, can prognosticate. Coach Phillips' Boilermaker cross country team put the finishing touches on th^ final stanza of dual meets in this season’s schedule of distance races by overpowering the Spartans from Western Michigan by the one-sided score of 16 to 46, on the home, 4-mile course. Charlie Duesler of the Riveters led the pack of thinlies to the finish line in the time of 21:43 3 Seven of the first eight
men to cross the tape woTe the Boilermaker emblem. The Western Michigan man that finished in this first group was John Zielinski, m fifth place. Coach Phillips remarked at the conclusion of the meet, “The best meet that a Riveter cross country team has ever won”
Finish Order
The ordei in which the first six men finished the race and their times for the four mile event are as follows Charlie Duesler, 21 43 3; Ed Seward, 21 54, Darrell Roach, 22 10, Fred Kinder, 22 17, John Zielinski (WM) 22 18, and Kenny Lynch, 22 18 2 A glance at the times of the fourth, fifth and sixth men to finish tells a story of its own In addition to the Boilermaker varsity in the meet, the Boilermakei freshmen trailed the mam race, Frank Ruggieri, whose starting 30 seconds after the startstellar work on defense along Mannfeld, the first with that of deMaria gave to finish in that department, Hawkeye ball carriers many a crossed the finish line in what would headache tenth place in the race had the freshman entries been offi-
cial
Climax Yet To Come The meet Friday was the grand finale to the season of dual meets; but still three meets confront the Riveteis, the Indiana State meet, the Big Nine Conference meet and the National Collegiate meet. In the fiist two of these conflicts the Phillips coached team will be de-
ples aie sent once a week to the Health Depaitment of Indianapolis wheie they aie checked and legis
teied This is ju.,t one of the many fending championships earned last
piecautions for safety and good health that aie found around the Fieldhouse A guaid is maintained in the swimming pool and rifle lange at all times and the check cleik is lesponsible that theie is always someone on duty m these places Don’t Trust Anyone A unique system oi^ filing is kept on all equipment leaving the Field house This is to insuie the letuin of all ai tides and to give a means of knowing when damage to any article ocelli led Students who do not le turn equipment on tunc aie notified by phone Any damage is lepoited to the main office so that the article can eithei be itpaiied or replaced A lost and found box is kept in the “cage” and it is piled high with spoits wear and ,-,ym clothing The check out looni is for the convenience and use of all students It IS maintained by the athletic de paitment in conjunction with the intramural sports department Notice Theie will be an important meeting of the sports staff to moirow at 4 15 The meeting will be held in the Fieldhouse office —HADLEY Harmon Wins Wings As Air Corps Officer Tom Harmon, ex University of Michigan grid star, last week com pleted his training at William’s I leld Aiizona, for a pilot of twin motoied bombeis He was commis sioned a lieutenant there last Fri day
season at the expense of every other major distance team in the Midwest The fir st pf the mass' meets to occui is the State meet at Indianapolis next Saturday In this meet two undefeated teams will face the Boileimakeis, Notre Dame and the Hoosiers from down Bloomington way Indiana is the only team to blemish the otherwise perfect Boileimaker record this season, and at the time of that defeat Coach Phillips stated that the Hoosiei-s had the best team in the conference this yeai On the Satin day following the conflict at Indianapolis, the Boilermakers will tiek to Chicago for the Conference meet and a chance to jfepeat their victory of a year ago. From a leak in the dope bucket comes—the Hoosiers and Riveters will be the teams to beat in both of these meets Smatterings From Thither And Yon On The Gridiron A few of the individual records that griddeis on various squads across the country have hung up lor comment up until before the games yesterday include Longest forward pass garn 89 yards, Frankie Sinkwich to Lamar Davis (Geoigia) vs Cincinnati. Longest rushing gain 86 yards. Bob Swing (Diake) vs Iowa State. Longest intercepted pass retara 100 yards, Jack Wink (Wisconsin) vs Gieat Lakes Longest punt return 92 yards; Gerald Hightower (Georgia Naval Pie Flight) vs Duke, and Jimmy Dewar (Indiana) vs Butler
Northwestern and Vine Sts.
BOWLING IS FUN! for Everyone!
For an enjoyable game, don’t forget to bowl at one of Purdne’s many modern bowling alleys located in the basement of JhsL fijuLhdusL WjumuciL lAnwfL Just take a walk through the building!
'4•4^ tat4fi mJ
, ?
,, \ ^ \_ -V'' Purdue Exponent i, •< f ii >• i '',!§.■ ^ ^ f i ^ / i,* B
' ’ . ’ I' , , ^-
Sundcy, November 1, i94S,,
l-yi. f .r
^-<l>
George'ferent and Brenda Marshall are the stars of Warner Bros.’ amusing film of newspaper life. “You Can’t Escape Forever,” now playing at the Lafayette Theatre. Annual Horticulture Show To Open Friday Three Day Exhibition Will Feature Displays Of Fruits, Vegetables, Nuts
By Ernest Nordlinger
With just five days before opening, the twenty-.second annual Horticultural Show is making final plans to entertain over 5,000 visitors on the three days starting next Friday afternoon. This attendance compares favorably with the record crowd of 9,000 who saw last year’s show before the strict transportation regulations were in effect. The outstanding feature will be the thousands of prize winning fruits, vegetables and
Chinese Missionary To Tell Experiences At Wesley Breakfast
edible nuts on display,in the Horticultural Building. The chrysanthemum show in the greenhouse alone attracts hundreds to the show. These multicolored flowers range from the large shaggy Japanese types to the small populai pompons. They, together ^\ith the lei ns, palms and othei flowers make the entile gieenhouse range a blaze of color. Visitors wnll also have an opportunity to witness the results of experimental work to peifect new’ and better types of plants. Maxine Runkle, Manager Maxine Runkle, manager of the show’, together with her assistant, Robert Skirm, are arranging flowers for the home during W’ar periods. Table center and vase arrangements w’lll be set up by students of the floral design class. Myron Ruszler, chairman of the spedial exhiliits committee, has announced some of the special features for the’* main building. The Entomology Department will show methods of apicultuie (bee keeping). The glass exhibit of preserved fruits and vegetables will again be shown by, the St. Elizabeth hospital staff. The Homo Economics Department will display light and wiong methods of cooking hoiticultuial foods. The students are setting up tables to show codling moth control and new methods of pruning fi uit tiees High School Students To Attend Next Saturday moining will be an exria busy day because at this time a large delegation of high school students attend the show to participate in the annual judging contests. These contests aie open to all high school, vocational and 4-H students. Most of the entrants come a."- teams along with their respective high school coac hes.^ Both apple and vegetable judging and identification contests will be hr-ld. A laige platjue oi a «ilvei loving cup goes to the v,'inning team and gold, silvei, and bionze medals to
the individual w’lnnei.'-.
Monday follow'ing the show all the prize truits go on the auction block. Beginning’ at 4 p. m. students, faculty and townspeople have a chance to buy the products at the prices they wish. Pood chaii men of various organizations are invited to
bid on the largei lots. Sn. Jha,
CPuVudhsA, Universitj Presb) teiian Churcli 320 North St., West Lafajette John W. Findley, nunistei William Morgan, chon diiector
Nancy Young, oiganist
9:30—Sunday School. Di. G. H. Grave.i’ class w'lll continue the study of the life of f’hiist as told in the Gospel accoiding to Maik. All aie urged to attend this clas.s and leai n the incidents and teachings on which the Christian religion is based. 10:30—Chuich Woishi)) Seivice. “Recruiting an Aimy” will be the subject of Rev. J. W Findley’s ser-
i»on.
6:00—Sunday Evening Club. The program following the .sujipei will be in charge of the Coinniission on Public Affairs,
Great Hall of the new Wesley Foundation building is the scene of the Foundation’s annual breakfast at 8:30 this morning. Sylvia Aldlich, missionary on furlough from Hinghwa, China, is the guest speaker and will tell of her expeiiences as a missionary. Sunday evening at 6:00 p. m. students of Wesley Foundation will entertain students of the Hillel Foundation in their Wesley vesper program. Following the supper, with Ruth Custer in charge, games and recreation will be led by Bill Wilson and his committee. Rabbi Meyer H. Simon v/ill speal,. on “The Minority Problem in the United States” at 6:30 p. m. with a discussion and open foium following. Closing moments of worship will be in charge of Mailin Espenshade and the worship committee of the Foundation. Tickets for both events will he
25 cents.
High School Debate Conference Opens Here Nov. 19-20 Prof. P. E. Lull of the speech department will be in charge of the thirteenth annual high school debate conference which will be held at the University November 19 and'20 instead of the first week in December as originally scheduled. The change was approved because of tiansportation difficulties after gas rationing becomes effective. Governor Henry F. Schricker and State Superintendent Clement T. Malan will be the principal speakers. As m pievious years, the attending debaters will be divided into the two houses of the state legislature with some serving as senators and others as representatives. Former state senator Fred F. Eichhorn of Gaiy, now chairman of the Indiana Public Service Commission, will preside over the Senate and James M, Knapp of Hagerstown, speaker of the House in the last several legislative sessions, will be presiding officer ol the House of Representa-
tives.
The piogiam will include the usual law making procedure, practice debates, and special instruction in other phases of forensics. Military Dept. Opens Code, Radio Classes The University Mihtaiy Department has announced the opening of a second gioup of code and ladio instruction classes for the fall teim, to begin tomorrow at 4 p. m. in the Ai moiy. Em ollmeiit in these classc.s IS open to all students of the University, with both beginner’s and secondary instructions being of-
fered.
Sections will meel two hours each week in the Armory, Monday thiough Friday at both 4 and 5'in the afternoon. Exact schedules will be arianged attei students have signed up for the couises. Wiley Addresses ,
Ag Nutrition School | Notices
Will Open Thursday Group To Study New, Efficient Methods Of Livestock Feeding
istian Studesiis
Several University faculty members attended the annual meeting of the Indiana Engineeiing Council held yesteiduy in Indianapolis. Pi of. R. B. Wiley, head of the School of Civil Engineeiing, spoke at the afternoon session on the topic “War Time Engineeiing Education.” Capt. Ben Petty, president of the Indiana section of the Ameiican Society of Civil Engineers and a diiector of the National Engineeiing Council, presided at the noon luncheon. Pi of. G P. Spiingei of the civil engineering staff; Haiiy Oveiesch, Lafayette city engineer, and A. F. Bucikle, county engineer, weic among those who attended the niect-
Dean of Agriculture H. J. Reed will open the third annual Nutrition School Thurpday and Friday at the University when he speaks on the “Responsibility of the Livestock Industry in the War Effort”. Lectures and directed discussion groups will be held on the technical considerations of efficient livestock feeding to insure a greater quantity and quality of livestock ior the United Nations’ food
supply.
Dean Reed’s talk will be followed by Fred K. Sale of Indianapolis, secretary of Indiana Grain Dealers’ Association, who will speak on the “Respon.sibility of the Feed Manufacturer to the Livestock Industry”. Specialists To Speak Other discussions on Thursday afternoon will include reports on mineials for livestock, swine feeding practices in the pi esent emergency, efficient use of available feeds for sheep, and rations foi beef cattle dining the war emergency. Speakers presenting these topics will be Di. G. Bobstedt of the University of Wisconsin; Dr. C. L. Shrew.sbiiry, agricultui al chemist; Piofs. F. G. King, C M Vestal, J W. Schwab, P. T. Blown, and Claude Haiper and Heniy Mayo, all University livestock specialists. At the Tliiirsday evening dinner, with Dr. J. Holmes Mailin .seiving a® toastnia-.ior. Pi of J C. BoUiini, aericultiiial ecoiioinisL, will deliver an addles, on “Feeding the Woild”. Discuss Nulritioii I’loblenis Fiiday sessions uill deal with luiti ition pi oblems and lequnemeiiLs and efficienf feeding of daiiy cows. Speakers will include: Piofs. S. M. Ilaiige, r. W. Cairick, J. 11. Hilton, E. A. Gannon and Mi. L. A. Wilhelm all of the Univeisity. Final featiiie of the conference will be an address on “Emeigency Pi oblems of the Feed fndu.stiy” by Lyman Peck of Chicago, bocretary of the iiuliition committee of the Ameiican Feed Mannfactureis’ Association, Fiiday aftoinoon. Associate Dean V. C. Freeman, Dr. D. M, Doty and Pi of. P. B. Ciiitis will pioside over the vai ions sos-
sion.s.
All Women Swimmers: Beginning ballet KJoup will practiijo oVery Monday dt 4:30 )) m. ’All intorosled come then. Advanced Kroup will praclico every Thui'iduy at 5 p. m. --.JOHNSON Phi I^mhdn XJpsiIon: Important busine^^R moetiru? iricJiidinp: eketion of plcdg^R 'Wednesday, Novtmliei 1, at 7*15 p. m. in loom 280 of the Union, Refreshments will be served. —WHEELER Lutheran Students: Discussion mcotinff on Sunday, November 1, at 7:80 r m m loom 807 of the Union WALLACE Code and Radio Instructions: Classes in iH'RiniiLi. code inatruction and secondary code and ladio ijistriiction aie bomK organized Seetions will meet two hours pel week, Monday thiongh Fiidny at 4 and r> p in Spen up In the Supply Room in cho Aimoiy pnui to Novembei 2
—HESTERBERG
Reserve Officers: AH students holdinjx commissions in the Ortiranizod Reserve Coips rcpoit to the Adjutant in the Aimory as soon as convenient - RIORDAN Debris: All oip’ani/ations with 80 per cent representation in the purchase of the Debris, will please submit the list ot their members by November 8 so that the Debris Business Staff cun check and award a fiee Debris to those orRanizations A minimum of It must biloiiK to the oijranization in ordei to finalily.' MINTON SCA Board: Special meeting: Tuesday, Nov 5, at 7:^0 p m Election of otTiceis will be held. Please be present
- MOGAVERO
Alpha Phi OnicRa. Oiitdooi campfire meeting Tuesday November i, at Rose St. entiance to Happy Hollow. Oioiip will leave the Union at 7 :30 sharp - KUCK Pi Tau Sigma: Election ot mcmbeis Thuisdav, Noyimber 4, at 4 p m in Roadnip: Room It IS impoit.iiit that all actives attend -DEISER Kappa Psi: j\ctu(‘ chapter moetinp: Mon(]b\, Novimbti 2, at 8 i) m in Room 807 tmpoitaut* All activeb must be there
- SANDLEBEN
1 \
Senior Mechanicals! Those who have not paid the 85c for the darge group pictura may do So Thuisduy, Nov. 26, from to A p* m at table in ME lab. Last chanod to be included in composite Picture. ^
—KOBRNER
Union Sophomores: Committee meeting. Room asbignments will be posted in tho
Union office Monday afterndon.
Plying Club: There will be an important meeting Tuesday, Nov. 8, ai 7 :16 p. m in Room 802 of the Union Tickets for the dance will be distributed. All members please attend. —CROW Alpha Phi Omega: The annual banquet will be held Sunday, Nov. 14. For reservations and particulais, see or call Kuck, 261
SW Caiy Hall, immediately.
—BENDER
Tau Beta Pi: Impoilant mooting Thursday, Novembei 5, at 7 ‘80 p. m. in room M of the Union --YOUNGBLOOD Zouaves: Final selection of pledges will take place Monday, Nov. 2, and Wednesday^ Nov 4, at 4 p m. m the Armory. All sittdentb who have been attending try-outs should attend. — JACKSOFf^'' POMM: Business mooting Tuesday, 8, at 4 J) m. in the Armory Gun squads for Armistice Day salute will be belected.
—JACKSON
Classified Ads
■lohn Wayne bids j\niia Lee odieu bolore taking to the skies in a •scene from the new Reptiblie picture, “Flying Tigers,” now playing
at the Mars Theatre.
Navv V-7: .Tnnuns and seniois who are •-simbling impLis ^up))Oiting th ir rcqiust Ol mli-sim^nt in V-7 who uic under 21 t.us ol aei mu t submit thiet copus of laitnts (onstPt pitiptilv iiotaii/eil Copied I thu loim iNaw tOO) may bo obtained I mv ollict KNAPl^
Institute Stresses Child Training At Annual Meeting Pioblems in child caie will leceive .special emphasis at the annual Institute <d' the Indiana Congro.s.s of PaiLiits and Teacheis to be conducted next Wednesday and Thursday 111 cooperation with the Univei- ' Uy Scjiool of Home Economics. The institute IS hold foi persons interested 111 subjects conceining cliikl
cai e.
Included on the program will be mstiuctum on making homemakeis’ wotk most eflective dining wartime, equipii’iig tlio child toi the fuLuie, paieidal pi oblems in liomcs abroad, adolescent pi oblems dining war-time, community iilannnig for (hddien, niitiition and clothing piobloms, and the child’s lelationship with schools and paicnts. Dr. Gaiiy Cleveland Myers of Chicago will be one of the prmripal speak-
eis.
If You Want Good Work On Your Garments
SEE
JOE'S TA!LOR SHOP STATE & CHAUNCEY
(’itah'-l Memliers: liiisitu' s moclinc \m11 111 1]‘ill Uiiiisiliv iniiiiiK "Novi mill r 1, ;il 7 1(J in itnnm mu nl Ihi ('horn nml Mnt Hiiililini llni. i 111 In iin .In lion nl I,|, ,1,, - KWAl.l'U P.nilliv Si icnc.' i Iiib: 'riiiit i. to In' .i \ i> nnncntinl in. line Non mini 12 I'.iiijnni' mill. I <1 in innillij i- iim.d to nit n.l HOOK MR AK’IiK Mi'iliiiK Ol Kiiinitli .lulin.on will sni U on Inenniuni' I’lohli ms in Nitiop.n.illin I'lnilnrlion ’ Wiclmnlij nl . 10 ji in in loom 12' nl 111. f I. Ouiliijne ' Wl'NIlKl L Sophomnro Deliris Workors* Inipnitanl inoi line Mnnitay .it 4 n "> f'" plinkiio iiphy. husinoss ami iditoiuii si ills in Ilebris wnikshop Bun^ V.’i t’l nl KRIJI.L Triton Club: A Hallnwin will like tin pUci ol Iho nunlii w.ikb rmilme I'lnsdiv nipht at 10 Alt. ndanct will botakin and L’onntid llii .aim as a nu.tinp
-BROWNE
Phi laimbda Tips,Ion Mm tine lor . iortion of plodets postponed. Ball will bo annminii d i.iU i AI \11.K All Fencers: Fi ncmir call-mil fin i xpencniid and noiico Imceis WidiusiKo Tbuisd.iv .uni I'l iday, Nn\ 27 21) nod 27 Ktporl to feni iim loom on third ftuor of b’lildhouso liom 1 lo 7 p m .iny on. of thisi ifliinoons No fi ncimr (xpiniiiM noi Monpmintu'inuiid -KOFRNEE
iVIoney to loan on diamonds, watches, xun0, tugsage, typewriters. Albert's Loan Office,
407 Columbia."
Typewriters—Adding Machines, all makes sold, ranted, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph work done. G. J. Ebershoff, 606 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779. Wanted-Yon may not be in the Army but ypu can do you: share by doing some job hcio whicli has to be done. Apply Piiidne Union Caftiiia lot work. Programs, tiikets and all kinds of printing at painless pi ices Krfne’s Piiiit Shop, 4111 S 2‘lth St Phono 7205. Missing—Man’s Coat Alligator "Gold Label” laincoat, probably exchanged m Biaz.i Saliiiil.'iy night with Alligator ' Wiathei St\b’’, si/e 81), shoit ‘ Hub’' Label W'buh I now liaie. To (xeh.ange coats call
Joan I.ancr, nil'll
Room for rent—Close in, shower, innerspi ing matin ss 22 1 Sin ctz
§ DOES YOUR PEN LEAK? Experf Repair Service SOUTHWORTH'S
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
DOUGLAS SHOES $5.50 - $6.50 PURDUE SHOE STORE 302 Sf-ate Sf. West Lafayette
HITS THE MARK FOR 20 MILLION READERS
Student mombei'.s of the First Christian Chinch will picscnt a comedy of lural life, “The ‘Neighbois” m the Fust Christian Chinch in Lafayette at 7-30 this evenirg. No chaigo will be made foi admii--Kion and everyone will be welcome. Membeis of the caKt aie Janie Packard, Margie Herd, Richaid Eeiiy, Waltei Thomas, Joy Wamplei, Theiesa Biihby, Alice Fox, and ■loan Vv’oods. Ill the jiroduction cicw tire Bob Na.sh, Jim Mooie, Hailey Kauffman, Byi on Pigg, Dona Hi ion, Mai lanna Mangip, Maiy Giey, Richaid .Smith, and Bill Lestei. Pan-Americans Plan national Meeting Pan American Club licld a “Lc'itulia” Fjiday evening and twenty-two of tlie membeis ;iLt( nded. 'fhe club i.s planning Lo have ■sevcial meeting.s which will be open Lo llie jjublie, and the firfet of the'se will lie held Novembei 20th in the Union. The subject of this meeting’s discussion will be “Mexico Our Nearest Neighbor.” A Pan Ameiican confeience will be held in Indianapolis Novemliei ' 27-29. Consnks, diplomats, teachers, and students ol all of the Americas will meet. Dr. Edwaid C. Elliott was influential in getting the confci - ence in Indianapolis, and tlii.s national congiess .should helji in furtheiiiig hettei lelatioiis with the Iieojile oi the United .States and Ihe Latin Ameiican Repulilics,
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
ALi.E W*';
Fancy inlaid Sliirts
Cot ion . .
Part Wool .
AM Wool
• e »
• • • • •
$2.50
. . $4'.95
6.95
Reversible Corduroy Coats $9.95 to $18.50 (RoqjiJil, E/IST SIDE OF SDU/IHE
XASHimTOH Drew Pearson merry-oo-rouhd
Twenty million people read what Drew Pearson reveals In his column of special report, interpretation and comment upon national and international affairs and the men who mold them. Because those twenty million find in the column alert, exclusive news-getting, crisp and to-the-point news-writing, disclosures of beneath-the-surtace motives and movements—able and unswayed thinking. You'll find The Washington Merry-Go-Round THE PURDUE EXPOMEIT