|||f;.tOMMENTS'ON ' U. $. Spirit Since ' , Pearl Harbor "
COLUMN WONOIItS Where Hitler'Gart " ' Safely Live ■'
Established 1889
le 55; No. 58
Purdue University/ West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, December 5, 1 $42
WILLIAM G. HOSKINS Editor.
ROBERT W. BOSWINKLE News Editor
SALLY R. BEALL Coed Editor
DALE E. BUTZ Managing Editor
JOSEPH S. DAWSON Sports Editor
A. JANE KEIM Coed Business Executive
GERHARD H. KLOUMAN Business Manager
JAMES G. PETTY Senior Ad Manager
Annual Aquacade Draws Top Crowd Best Performance In Six Years; Patty Aspinall, Betty Beemis Highlight Cast By Clint Sowards '' Rlhythmic rippl6less ballets by the Triton Club; an attempt for the world’s 50-yard breast stroke record by one of the fastest breast stroke Artists in the game; unsurpassable novelty sind'^eoimedy provided by persons from all parts of this country and'others; all were just a part of the sixth annual Aquaeade held this past week end, both Friday and Saturday evenings, in the Boilermaker Fieldhouse before Crowds of between eight and nine hundred spec- —
siiidenis Will Elect Hoskiiis, Editor; Klouman, Butz,
Boswinkle, Beall, Petty, Dawson, Keim Will Hold Senior Positions
Junior And Soph Senators Dec. 16
Board To Convene Here Dec. 14,15,16
tatbrs, Who weretreated to two hohr^ ' of fun-packe d antics that happened so fast and with siT&h mirth provoking results that the Fieldhouse fairly quaked with each ovation after every event of the most magnificent watcrfest that swimming coach
^^ T— recent release from the War ^ .' The account printed in today’s pa- Department announces a change in pepis'fcir the program Friday night, the Army and Navy agreement with bh .^^atiirddy night, Roy Heidke, reference to the Enlisted Reserves ^pphoinpre flash, broke the world’s of the Army, Navy, Coast Guard record for the 50-yard breast stroke. ' His time was 58.3 seconds. According to late news releases, ■ —7“ ' '—^— all students who have not indicated Dick Papenguth and his lads and their desire to enlist in the reserves lasses have ever produced in the will be unable to ,enlist now. Stuhistory of the University. dents who have already made appliThe pool lights dimmed, and with cation must- complete their enlista . salute of gunfire, the USS ment within ten days. In the opinion Dolphin; a model battleship was of Dean Knapp, anyone who has launched into the azure water of filed application will be allowed to the pool, the flag on the ship was complete his enlistment. raised while the men’s glee club ^ sang the National Anthem, and the and Marines. The original plan prosixth annual Aquacade was on in^yj^j^^j that, students taking basic
full flast.
ROTC desiring eventually to serve
When the crowd had settled, the (.jjg Navy, Coast Guard or Marine light again dimmed,, and to the (joi.pg were to enlist in the Army strains of Liebestrauifi by the glee erc, complete their ROTC training club, accompanied by Dave Simp- and transfer to the other reserves at so.n on the celesta, eight meinbers the end of the sophomore year, of, the Triton club swam through a agreement states “stuperfoct water ballet, scarcely a dgnt-g enrolled in basic ROTC are wave or ripple was rilled by this eligible for direct enlistment in appM’ently effortless performance, ^he Navy, Marine Corps, or Coast Novelty in its prime was featured Guard Reserve and will be continued next/When Doctor Swezey, of La- inthebasicROTCaftersuchenlist-
faydtte, assisted by Mr. W. A. Gra- ment.”
ham, instigqted a race between a Immediately upon receipt of the mallard duck and Doctor Swezey’s War Department announcement all pet'ijabl’ador Rietriever dog, “Sam.” students who had indicated their deIri tvhat looked like the end of a sire to serve in the Navy, Marine very .:si,hoft race, the dogyunged at Corps and Coast Guard but who had the. fowl ■ after immediately over- not been sworn into the Army ERG taking' it at the. start, but instead of were released by the Military Decatching ' the . quacker, his efforts j^^tment and advi.sed to enlist disei'veS .to sever the rubber band rectly in the reserve of their choice, used to secure the ducks wings to Complete Enlistments Sooii
its sides, and the chase Iwened up
a hundred per cent.
From out of the small cloiul, of
Arrangements have been made by Assistant Dean W. A. Knapp through the Office of Naval Officer
feathers that the duck lost in Sam’s to have a special first attack.spurteiU badly fright- poard of officers on the University
ened mallard closely followed by Sam with that look in his eye. ’fhe
campus on December 14-15-ia to . , complete enlistments in the Navy
chase lasted some fifteen minutgs, ^ ^ glasses and in the
Sagsied Petitions Due Next Week Junior and sophomore representatives of the Student Senate will be elected on Wednesday, December 16, according to P. G, Miller, the recently elected president of the ■Senate. As usual, the election will be held in. the. Great Hall of the. Union. ’ , ' ■ Candidate.^ for Junior positions must be either first, semester juniors or .second semester sophomores at present. Likewise, the sophomore ropre.sentativcs will be elected from prc.sent fir.st semester sophomores or'second semester freshmen'. Schools Elect Representatives The following schools each will elect one junior and one sophomore member: Home Economics, Science, Pharmacy (and Physical Educa"tion), and Agriculture. Chemical, Mechanical, Electrical, and Civil Engineers will each have one junior representative. The four remaining sophomores will be elected at large from all of the Engineering Schools. Senate On Semester Basis The Student Senate operates oh a semester basis; therefore, newly elected per.sons will hold office only for the coming semester. However, elected members may work in the Senate office, and may apply for appointment to either the Junior or Senior Board. They may run again for re-election at the end of next semester. Petitions Due Dec. 14 Petitions for candidates may be secured any afternoon between 4 and 5:30 p. m. in the Senate office. One dollar miist acepmpany the petition to cover expenses. The petitions, with 60 signatures from students in the.proper schools, will.be due in the Senate office by 5 p. m. Monday, December 14. The Senate concerns itself chiefly with aiding the student body. They vote pn all student matters that are to be brought up before the Executive Committee. At present, they are helping to conduct a transportation survey for University, railroad and bus officials. A special committee spends its time on FacultyRating; thus giving instructors a survey of student opinion jn their
classes.
Other Committees Numerous other comm'ittees operate from time to time on current student problems in the University. This election offers interested students an opportunity- to become active in a student service organ-
ization.
Sam would corner the duck, and the
Marine Corps. The presence of this
quarvy would praeticall be Iffis, but ^
the duck disreu'arding all biological students to
the duck disregarding all biological
heritage submerged and swam underwater to the other side of the
pool; finally on one of the duck’s many trips past the edge of the (See aquacade, page 3)
complete their enlistinents without going- to Indianapolis and Chicago. All students planning to enlist in the Navy Reserve Classes V-1, V-5 and V-,7-pr the Marine Corps s.liould schedule physical examinations in
^1 ^QQ I the Office of the Student Health . worth of war stamps were Service at once. Inforn-uvtion consold yesterday boford the convoca- corning .Navy enlistments and intion and dance according to Ralph structions for assembling the nocesDeuster, president of the Student sary papers may be obtained Union. The war stamp booth outside through Dean Knapp in the Exeeuthe Sweet Shop sold around 360 five Building and for the Marine doll-ars worth in two hours yester- Corps from J. A. Reifers at Ro/fers day afternoon. Exchange Store in Lafayette.
Sugar Ration Books It will be necessary for all s(udents who go home for Hie tlhristmus vacation to obtain their War Ration Book No. ,1 with .stamp numbers 10 and 27 left in the book in order to receive coffee and sugar while at hojne. The attention of all house mothers and house managers is called to this fact by A. D. Sullins, administrator. 'fhe books will have to be re-collected after the vacation. An error was recorded in Friday’spaper when stamp munbef 9 was put in place of number 10.
Special Trains Listed For Vacation Exodus Sfydent’ Senate Starts Special Survey; Choice Must Be indicated By Tomorrow Basing their action on partial results of the Student SenateExponent survey started last week on Christmas transportation, officials have .stated that there is a possibility of running several “Purdue Specials” Tuesday, Dec. 22. The Big Four Railroad, in accordance with a special announcement from Washington, has listed two possible times for these special trains. One ^ — ^
v/ill leave Lafayette at 4:15
p. m., Tuesday, for Indianapo- 111106 Ullil JyliyOS lis, Cleveland, find East, and _ ^ ^ . . the other will leave at 5 p. m. |«0f0|V0 MWOfClS 111
for Chicago.
Already the Student Senate has sent through the mails a special .supplemental questionnaire which lists the times of these two trains. Contained in this paper is a similar questionnaire. The announcement of the possible addition of these two trains will undoubtedly change the plans ef some students going- home on either the 2:40, 4:20, 01- 5:4^ trains. If plans are changed, the student should indicate so. Information Vitally Necessary • It was not the intention of the. Exponent and the Student Senate to issue the supplementary questionnaire to confuse the student or cause him any inconvenience, however, it is vitally necessary for the railroad to find out how many would use -the services of the special trains before it can make the schedule definite. All those -W'ho would take either of the two specials should fill out the questionnaire sent out by the Senate or the one in today’s paper by tomorrow, at 4 p. ni. At that time Senate representatives will collect them from the fraternities, sororities, residence halls, cooperative houses and organized house clubs. Questionnaires Due Monday All others should be left at. the west desk of the Union some time Monday afternoon: At that time the original questionnaire, which will be no way influenced, should also be turned in and the results of both, will then be tabulated by the Senate. Figures will be turned over to transportation services. Only with the full and complete cooperation of every student goinghome Christmas, will the survey be successful. If it is not succcsful^ then it is very Hkcly that some students will not be able to leave Lafayette at thelitime they desire. Anyone knowin.g of a student wlr^ has not indicated his method or time of departure should inform him of the faefthat he should do so by Monday afternoon. 'Phe Student Senate office will be open for all those who did not receive a questionnaire, 4 p. m. to 5:30 p. m. Special Questionnaire Northbound, Chicago via BigPour Tuesday, 5 p. m.: (See SPECIAL TRAINS, page 1)
Board Adds AdYertssingSemof , Names Filpi Asst Ad Manager
■ Awards to winners of the combined hour gun squads competition -\vere made at Corps Day last week. Each member of the winning- three squads received Expert Gun Squad medals and a citation. In addition members of the first place squad will have their names inscribed on a plaque to be hung in the Armory. Winning Squad The winning squad was Squad No. 3, Battery “A”, First Pui-due Field Artillery, and its members are: H. D. Crom, Chief of Section; N. C- Boatright, Corporal; S. A. Bobrowski, 'J. R. Cochran, R. E. Cleary, G. W. Deardorff, R. Leevack, J. S. Besemer, E. M. Wisniewski, J. L. Medley. Second place went to Squad No. 6, Battery “S”, First PFA, A. N. Peters, Chief of Section and J. G. Belury, Corporal. Third place was taken by Squad No'. 7, Battery “S”, 4th FFA, G. N. Vriens, Chief of Section, and D. E. Teaford, Cor-
poral.
Awards Presented Awards were presented by members of the Purdue Order of Military Merit, at the respective Corps Days. The first two squads received awards on Thursday while medals were presented to the third placing- squad on Tuesday. Each squad was called from ranks to i-cceive the medals before the assembled corps. , Albjerg To Address Dairy Club Tuesday Tuesday, December 8, the University Dairy Club will hold a meeting in Smith Hall. All members, old or new, are expected to attend and guests will be welcome. The program will consist of an address on the present war situation by Prof. Albjerg, of the IK^ory and Economics department. After the program refreshments will bo served.
ElliottWill Speak At
WarConvo Dr. E. C. Elliott, president of the University, will be the speaker at a special war convocation on Friday, December 18, at 10 a. m. in the Music Hall. Alt classes wil! be dismissed at that hour so that every
student may attend.
Dr. Elliott will speak on “A Formula for Faith” in order to clarify the status of the college student regarding the Selective Service and the various enlisted reserves of all the, various services. Since Elliott is chief of professional and technical training- of the WarManpower Commission he is in a
, William G. Hoskins, sixth , term Mechanical, will he'’acl the Exponent during the next term . as Editor as a result of the ac^ tion of the Exponent Electoral Board. Hoskins also will serve as chairman of the newly elected Board. He is from Libertyville. Ilk, and is a member of Triangle fraternity and Gimlet Club. Robert W. Eoswinkle, sixth, term Aeronautical, and Dale E. Butz,.sixth term Ag, will complete the Senior Editorial otaix as News Editor and Man-aging Editor, respectively. Boswinkle is a member of the Ow-en Co-op Hoivse and Reamers club and conies'from Roselawn, Inch Butz, is a member of Alpha' Gamma Rho fraternity, Alpha Zeta and Scabbard and Blade. Plis home is in .41bion, .Ind. Business Staff Heads Gerhard H. Klo-uman, sixth term Met from Michigan Cit^r, Ina., will
position to know the present sit-: act as Business Manager. Klouman . nation as well as anyone in the member Of Sigma .\lpha Ep-
silon fraternity and Catalyst club. Directing- the advertising staff in' rhe newly-created office of Senior Advertising- Manager, James G. Petty, fifth term Meciianical from Warren, Ohio, will share the duties of . the Exponent busities's admin-
istration.
Sally R. Beall, sixth term Home Ec from Clarksbm-g, Ind., will act as Coed Editor , on the new Senior board. Sally is a member of Mortar Board,. Gold Peppers, Omicron Nu and Alpha. Lambda Delta.
Sports Editor
Joseph S. Dawson, 'sixth term Mechanical, will ser-ve as Sports Editor. Dawson is a member of Lambda Chi Alpha fraternity, Gimlet club, and is' president of the Interfraternity Presidents’ Council. He is from Indianapolis, Ind. J ' Alice Jane Keim, sixth term Science student from West Lafayette, .will fill the position of the newly ci-eated office of Coed Business Executive. Jane is a member oi' Chi
Omega sorority.
John G. Filpi, fifth term Science student from Pittsfield, Mass., will assist the Advertising- Manager as
:-er.. Filpi is a
member of Rochtlale Co-op . house and is a foi-inor member of the Purdue Iiulepeudent . start'. .Associate Editors Carroll Martindell, Willas .Ve.rmilion, Marion Smith anil Ellis iVIurphy were elected to the position of Associate Editors and will serve as Night Editors. James Richardson, Tinlothy Tilton, Becky Caylor and William Tyson were elected as Associate Editors and will serve, as
country.
The convocation is to be held before Christmas so that students can get correct information on the situation before going home. Albert P. Stewart will be in charge of the musical program. Behrens Will Address American Chemical Society Tomorrow Dr. 0. K. Behrens, a member of the research staff of Eli Lilly and Company of Indianapolis, will discuss ‘.‘The Nature of Enzymes and Enzymatic Reactions” before a meeting- of the University section of the American Chemical Society to be held in Room 211 of Stanley Coulter Hall tomorrow evening- at
7:30.
Dr. Behrens, a DePauw graduate who obtained his doctor’s degree at the University of Illinois, served
as research assistant professor at', ^.ssistant Ad Mana;
the University du Vigneaud from 1935 to 1937 and later was a staff member of Rockefeller Institute. Ho studied at Cambridge before joining Eli Lilly and Company in 1910. It is announced that the January 11 meeting- of the Society will be addressed by Dr. J. F. Kahles on “Alloys from Powdered Metals,” and that a meeting on March 8 will feature a talk by Dr. J. C. Harris on “Detergency — Evaulation and
interested students should sign up City Editors. for an appointment with the Special Mary Dilts will serve as Aegounts Examining- Board at the main, desk Manager on the business staff. Wilof the Personnel Office in Hie Exeeu- likm Recktenwald will be in charge tive Building,. - (See EXPONENT, page 4)Page Z
Senior Swan Songs... Farewell Many alunini ojf the Exponent mention when they return to the campus that their major during theit college career was ExiJonent^,rather than Science, Agriculture or Ehgirieeting. There have already been times when we’ve felt that way. At any rate the time has come for the present staff to become Exponent Alumni. Tlh.s has bee/i a busy difficult year. We have had to feel our way trying to keep abreast of developments. 0 here are many times wlien We were outdistanced. The new staff will inherit at least as difficult and busy times.' Til e Exponent Electoral Board believes that the new editor, Tiili TP ,skins, and the rest of the new staff are a group of people who will be able to handle the responsibility to your satisfacs i' n ami to their own. \ > fsiogest to the new staff that their real job for this year win lu' to draw together the widely divergent views of the general ifublic, the faculty, admiriistratoi's and students. We feci certain that you will be able to do this. Mhih a wish for a successful semester we say “30”.—j.f.a.
Purdue Exponent
Sunday^ peceniber 6, ,
cMool^ma ^^romnd
img-
By Jack Abbett and Jim Richardson
Adolf Hitler continues to tell his people that come what piay he will stick beside them to the last. The funny part about it is that after looking at the map we are unable to determine where he could safely live. He might of thought that he could pull a Kaiser trick and go off to Holland to live the life of a quiet painter. Wherever he goes he will be faced with the fact that
he is being stalked like'an animal, and that some day these hunters are sure to get him. Also when looking at the few truly neutral countries, only
University Calendar Week of December 6-12
Problems For Fan
Turkey, Switzerland, Sweden and Argentina can be considered and all of ti^se except Argentina have leaings tovyard the United Nations.
What is the matter with the American offensive in Tunisia ? This
question is being asked again and. 73.
To facilitate theil;''consideration, solutions ' shduid he ' submitted on separate signed sheets, within one week after the posting of the problem. Include with each solution a signed statement that'the solution v/as obtained unassisted. Solutions are to be handed in at the Mathe-
matics Gfflcc.
H
E>
asta La Vista ■ ■
i ::(iay. you have it. The thing that oyer a hundred loyal pouenl workers labored for the past term, Today the Elecra.! i'iiard announces the staff for next term. We are sorry ;U v\ e conkl not give jobs to every one who petitioned. There r’ V a !()! of good newspaper men and women who have served e Expom^sit loyally who were not as fortunate as those whose inos ;;ujK'ar on the front page of this issue. To them we say, i'j > liji your interest in the Exponent, drop in and talk to the \v .- Saif: iindoubteidly you have suggestionsand recommenda-,u.-atija! will be valuable in making the Exponent a better col-
iiowspaper. , ' ..
Tiiese f.rw .sentences mark the “leave taking” of your News
(,'L la.st term. Thanks, good luck and “30”.—d.t.b.
again by many people all over the United States. And the only answer seems to lie in the fact that the American commander has seen fit to hold off his air force for a time until he see^ what the Nazis are intending to do about the plight of Marshall Rommel.,. The question if the American air force^ias been destroyed seems to be groundless because of some facts that center around the country now held by the
In a simple example of addition end, digit was replaced by a code letter and the result was: N E AV T ON K L E I N
R E P L E K Identify the lctter.s and show that there are just two solutions.
AtjRevoir \VG take leave of Purdue and the major (our professors wolf L like to hear this) thing that has occupied our attention during the ia.st four years, the Exponent, and turn our new b .a.rd loo.se uiKin the toughest problem that has faced any staff in twenty vi n. ,':- . there ai'e two'things we’d like to say to you sta:Troer;bc’r.? who have toiled for us this year. i'ii'ot.we'll never forget the faithful work of every single one of you who came up to elections through a trying year— every one of you, whether you were one of the fortunates on our new .staff or one of those less fortunate who still made electi rn.s lough by being so competent and energetic. Second, we think you’re up to the task ahead of you and we nice rely hope you may have as good a tirhe in your work on “PiU'duc’.s Greatest Campus Daily” as we’ve had.—j.h.a.
Remark.s on Problem 12: The distance traveled by th
Germans. The land is exceedingly was thirty miles, rough and the Germans do not have
Spedal student
more there has been no grumblingamong the war correspondents about the holding up of unfavorable
news.
bee
Joins University Staff
. Former Gary policeman Shelby Gallien, who had studied trallic and other police problems at New York
The President has done it again, University, has joined the staff of
tsj.f Wtedersehn (ff;bdbye has such a final sound, it seems as if college days rin ojie side of a gap with graduation the jumping off place, avh .senior takes a big Ipap and lands some how on the other fc,. never to return either physically or mentally, it i.s only two weeks until my big leap. But I don’t want it ; be .such a big one. I want to I'emembor the educational, the r.baD'assing, the painful, the riotous, and the “swell” times ■ e had at Purdue. Most of all 1 want to keep the friends Pve made. I would : to feel it isn’t goodbye, but “until we meet again”.—a.c.
and this time he semes to have done it right. President Roosevelt took the initial steps to create a separate food administration that will be completely disconnected from the big brother, OPA. This may be the proper step, but what of the fact that while all this is being planned the prices of many of our food commodities are soaring up toward the hundred and fen per cent of parity that was set by Congress earlier this year. This new agency, which is to be headed by Claude Wickard, Secretary of Agriculture, is just another agency among the already overfilled alphabetical soup agencies that are cluttering' up the fair city of Washington. When will it stop?
the University Public Safety Institute. Galfien, who was in Sioux Falls, Soutli Dakota, conducted traffic survey ))rior to installation to a traffic school and improved- traffic control of the city. , Gallien i.s now working on a cooperative ))roject between the Universitj'- and the Automobile Protective and Information Bureau in the organization and promotion of traffic safety in the Midwest.
6:00 P.M.
9:00 A.M. 4:00 P.M. 7:00 P.M. 7:00 P.M. 7:20 P.M.
9:00 A. M 1:30 P.M. 4:00 P.M. G :00 P.M. 0:30 P.M. 7:00 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M, 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M, 8:00 P.M,
1:30 P.M. 3:00 P.M. 0:00 P.M. 0:00 P.M. G:30 P,M. 7:00 P.M. 7:00 P.M. 7:30 RrM. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 3:00 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 8:00 P.M. 8:00 P.M. 4:00 P.M, 7:30 P.M. 8:30 P.M, 8:30 P.M,
Sunday, December 6 Evang. & Ref.' Student' Fellowship....Old Che.stnut Rm., Union Monday, December 7 Dec. 7-11—Course in X-Ray Tech X-Ray Lab., Exec. Bldg. Agr. Extension E. Faculty Lge., Union Comm, on State of University Room 263, Union USO Camp Shows, Inc : ..Hall of Music. Reamer Club Meeting ..Room 304, Union American Cliemical Society.. Tuesday, December 8 Agr. ExtoiUion E. Faculty Lge., Union Girl Scout Leaders....... :.. Room 305, Union POMM Business Meeting Armory Zouaves Banquet ...vRoom 363, Union ASCE Banquet W. Faculty Lge., Union Alpha Phi Omega Meeting.. ; Room 304, Union Playshop Production Eliza Fowler Hall Better Homes E. Recept. Room, Union Dairy Club Meeting......... ...Room 108, Smith Hall Christian Science Organization ..Room 303, Union Silvei'Mask Meeting.: Room 302, Union ASME Meeting Room 108, ME Bldg. Graduate Dames Xmas Party E. Faculty Lge., Union Wednesday, December 9 Girl Scout Leaders.... Room 212, Union All Women Student Coi>vo Hall of Music AIME Dinner Meeting Senior Chem. Banquet ..'..W. Faculty Lge., Union Xi Sigma Pi Dinner... .. .Room 332, Union Marriage Course ,. .Rpoms 302, 304, Union Varsity-Christian Fellowship...: Room 307,.Union AIEE Meeting Room 254, EE Bldg, Playshop Production .......; .Eliza Fowler Hall Purdue Radio Club Meeting Room 216, Physics Bldg. Thursday, December 10 Screen Review Hall of Music Basketball:—Wabash .....Fieldhousc Poultry Clulf Meeting ., Room 212, Union Thomas Say Ent. Society.............: Room 108, Ag Hall • Playshop Production ,....Eliza Fowler Hall Ind. Soc. of Prof. Engineers........; Room 263, Union English Club W. Faculty Lge., Union Friday, December 11 Co.smopolitan Club Meeting Room 304, Union •"Playshop Production Eliza Fowler Hall Northwestern Triad ; So. Ballroom, Union Harvest Hop ...No. Ballroom, Union
Enlisted Reser¥e Questions And Answers • As previously ^pounced, tfipStudent Industrial Relations anij' Personnel ■ Committee is publishing 1;hc first in a series of questions aboutSthe various military services. The questions have been,aske4 by students in the University and the answers have been checked' tVith official sources. Q. How long will the V-7 allow a student to stay in schools? A. One of the qualifications that, an applicant must have for enlistment in class V-7 is that he be a candidate for one of the following degrees from an accredited university or college: Bachelor of Arts, Bachelor of Science, Bachelor of Education, Bachelor of Philosophy, Bachelor of Business Administration, Bachelor of Commercial Soi.ence, Bachelor of Journalism, a:iiy engineei|;ing degree. Q. Will a student be allowed to graddate if he joins the V-5 program? A. No. He may join the V-7, coriiplete his college education, and then transfer to V-5. In V-5 he may contiplete only the current year, Dr, P. C. Brown . . . Dr. L. M. Hutchings, and Professor C. R. Donham attended a conference of the Official Research Workers of Animal Diseases in North America last Tuesday in 'Ohicugo. Dr. Brown presented a paper.
-TODAY - TOMOROW—
TODAY - MONDAY
Afoha ilTMEMORIAM ' "I’m a business manager who has already written two edit, rials, this seems like old stuff. I feel like a journalist. To Gary: There’s a big job ahead of you in organizing an effi-G.i/U.-iiiess system, increasing editorial co-oi>eration, and Iwaiainu up a sufficient staff. . - e _ ir;; Tour’s is the job of jobs. To you goes the responsi- . r.- making or breaking the paper financially. r, iue: You arc the liaison officer and co-operative agent ‘ V i!i iiusincss .‘-tafi. If you will remember, this is a big job. . of the staff, and the editorial staff: My best . ; i : ;<) you on your.undertaking. j'oi'get the meeting.;—k.k.g. member Pearl Harbor T. n’oj'iow Ihe United States Will commemorate the first ■ 'rui :. r:'.;.ir.v (ff one of the most important and history making f \ ‘U' to be recorded in the annals of our. great nation, iS''t a y- a;' ago that the Japanese made their treacherous at. i j: ' !k .'ui Harbor and our country was plunged into the. ■ u 'T; r-ablielnow raging over practically every part of the .' 1- ■.y':b re damage was inflicted upon our Navy and ■‘’r, .iiVlallations in Hawaii, recent developments have demlal by i d ih'..' vast recuperative powers of our armed forces and i:;:. <■. itowfi that the first attack -was not a knockout blow, i .yvnne'balely after the outbreak of hostilities, the cry “ReU r J'carl Harbor” swept over the country arid became the ; •su .;i d of every patriotic American. Since that time it has I, ' ') featured in .a song, printed in practically every paper in ! t ■ ('oantry, and sent over the air waves of the radio. Heiur:' (uU' ' niry into the war, our country was a divided '- ii ;i)’d y isolationists and pacifists were obstructing ;.n i jii<r lau- war effort. Pearl Harbor united oiir forces nl!> one .gigantic effort which has as its ultimate aim the de- • iTue* i'-'Ji of the axis armies. Althoughffhe first part of the year In' 'uglii jiews of defeats and withdrawals, such places at BaDb'.n, Uf'i'j-igidor and Wake Island will stand out in history as o itslamiiiig examples of American courage in the face of over■■•■.h'lining odds. Gu!' i!:i\y ha.s remembered Pearl Harbor and in the many f . a!' ngagernents fought in the Coral Sea, Midway, the Solo- !}>( n, .oul vilier places in the Pacific, our men have shown that < are mnn; than a match for the Japs if given a fair chance. At Pearl Harbor, many American lives were lost through .ty viti eachery of an enemy who was holding an olive branch in hand and a sword behind his back. The men stationed at jfowaii had no chance to fight back or halt such a cowardly foe. ^n the y^e^r that has passed since that time we have vowed l^t these dead shall not have died in vain and that Pearl Harbor shall be avenged.—d.e.b.
If You Want Good Work On Your Garments SEE jOE'S TAILOR SHOP STATE & CHAUNCEY
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
SHRRING^^/S ^„g4gr lEMliETT > TOME — AND — SIDE KIDS^
A piciure — ALSO — COLOR CARTOON
commondos of the seo ore on the way:.. in tfie show that shouts o
W
ITS A KWOCKOL/T'
A WARNER BROS. Picture, with r)lrected by RAOUL WALSH • Screen Play by Vincent tawrenct
’ JAMES GLEASON fHIl SIlVERS • COBINA WRIGHri JR PLUS —SECOND HIT
JANE WYATT . JACKIE COOPER CARL ESMOND . MAX BAER Desi Arnaz • Ray Collins Lee Bonnell • Frank Jenks fProdiKsd by ISLIN AUSTER . Direcled by A. EDWARD SUTHERLAND Screon Ploy by Poy Oioir.lor tind Acacos Mnck'jiirio
ADMISSION
Nights and Sunday
35c
Week Day Matinees....
25c
Children
10c
plus tax
— ADDED —
NO¥/ PLAYING-
NEW
DISNEY COLOR CARTOON
OVERMAN • DEKKER • PALLEIi Dliecled by GEORGE MARSHALL
Scinen Pliy by Harold Shumilo From a slory by Thelma SIrabel
NOW PLAYING-4
\| 4'',vr _‘ ' - „ Sunjii&y, Becember 6, 1942
,v
\v
Boilermaker Sports
Pa0i
MpMiiMlit
l^jng Notre Dame Squad Comes Back Aquacade Story o ports Communique^ Reeck Issues Callout krletond Half To Tie Great lakes, 13-13 ..../““fX ^ ^adiey iJ Wrestling Contest
2 S'|4i9^8 F,ieid; Chicago, D6^ 6-- the end of 4he period, however, A sjjmted and fighting Notre Dame tinkle's forces, consisting main-
teain,c%nle out of the Soldiers Field dressing rpom this afternoon, with 13 points against thefii at the half ahd .tufiiad thre tables on a greatlyfavored Great Lakes eleven to eke
oub,ar^l8*l3 stiilemate here. Great Dakes battered "the out-
wel^h’e^,,Notre pame forward wall fQr ’ five successive first downs at
ly of subs, drive to^the 10 yard line to set up the second score. Smith passed to Hickey on the one foot line and Belicheck hit right guard to score. Nelson’s kick was good. Score: Great Lakes 18, Notre Dame 0. Two other' Bluejacket drives were halted short of the pay stripe during the half and another Nelson
from above, turned him over to Sam, and the dog returned the duck
to his master unharmed.
A1 Stewart and the glee club singing a special arrangement of “My Devotion” then stole the spotlight from the wildlife display; and this rendition was followed by 15^ roy Heidke, sophomore on the Boil-
^e oxjenirtg of the first period, yrith place kick was wide.
Mu^ha, Sweigei’,,and Smithy carry- Coming back into the game after ittg'the ball. Spjith plunged over the halftime, the Irish startled the from the two after the running at- fans whb were convinced the navy tack had originated on his own 27. squad would win. Great Lakes kickNelspn’s kick was no good. Score: off was run back to the 18, and on Great Lakes 6, Notre Dame 0. the first play of the period Clatt,
Another, stab at the Irish line, on a reverse from Bertelli, cut off
starting on the 36, saw Smith right tackle for 82 yards and a handling, the ball on successive touchdown. Bertelli’s kick was wide, plays'to the 10. Notre Dame buckled Score: Great Lakes 13, Notre Dame
and, Nelson’s place kick was wide
on the fourth down. Second quarter ' Still hitting hard the Irish halted a^ction again featured the Blue- SWeiger in his tracks and took the
' Today’s communique marks the last time that we will sit down before our battered typewriter and hope that the ribbon has one njore column
in it. ^ ^
It’s time again for the old guard to bow out and make way for a new gang of pseudo journalists, and it is with no little regret that . we"write “30” at the end of our “hunt and punch” career. It has been a profitable and enjoyable year—rather, two semesters—for us and
we hope that it proves as much so for our successors.
Thete are a lot of tilings we would have done, had we gotten around to
ermaker swimming team and one of it a little earlier, but we feel that we are leaving the covering and boosting the fastest breaststrokers in the of Boilermaker sports in the best of care, with JoC'Dawson in charge, world, in an attempt to break the Joe prebably Vill have a different job before him than any other world record for the 60 yard breast- Sports Editor in'' rdcent years, owing to the doubtful conditions in stroke. the oiling, but we have a lot of cqnfidence in Joe’S ability to handle
things as they coipe. Joe has a capable gang of sports writers working with him, and we think Riveter fans can look forward to the best
in sports coverage. ^
Some of the most pleasant- associations of our college years we hp,ve picked up working -with the athletic staff of the University this year
Swimming against time, Roy came out’ on the small end of two bad “breaks” and missed the world’s record by two-tenths of a second; however he declined then to try again before the evening was over. The record in this event now stands
at 28.6 seconds.
All of those students who are interested in wrestHtig’or desire to learn more about the sport should report to COaOli Claude Reeck, who is sponsoring the All-Campus Tournament which will probably start within a ^eek Or two. Valuable assistance will be given to the men trying oUt for this tournament by varsity members of the wrestling team aiid Coach Reeck himself.
So that no man will suffer a disadvantage, the touraey ^11 be divided into three classes ^ nine divisions each. ThecfaS^ will be experienced, semi-ek-perienced, and novice or beginners. The weights will be the
IM Schedules The Cary Hall Rifle Match will be held Monday evening, December 7, at 7 on the Rifle Range in the Fieldhousc. The following
ruies will prevail:
Coarse: 20 shots prone.
Time Limit: The time of 30 minutes be-
gins when you get your taregts.
Rifles: Rifles will be furnished but any competitor may use his own rifle if it meets the following requirements: 1. .22 calibre:
- ' ■ llic - - -
- ^ - - 2. Metallic (iron) sights; 3. Bolt action or 121, 128, 135, 145, 155, 166, l7S, Their cooperation has peen the best^and we^would like to express our TTigtir pWi^TielstVpounds?’^ 190 and heavyweight.
Entries Can Still Be Made Approximately 30 fellows have
signed up for the matches but Coatih Reeck would like to see about a bdii-.
Teajn: Each team will consKst of three men who will fire the match, and if desired a coach to spot tartlets and in general assist
appreciation for the help they have offered. We have been known, under certain circumstances, to be Slightly inaccurate in making predictions, but
In an event specially to make the we would like to take a parting shot that we know will improve our aver- ruled on by the fellows not in PE 12 jealous 32 ^g® • • • that is that when sports again come into their own in inter- Range officer, if his decision is not satisaquatics, better called “Swim- collegiate circles, the Boilermakers will be right up at the top in every made to the intarmurai Department within
jacket play. A sustained drive, sue- punt on their .oWn 32. Again the re- nmndos” demonstrated different cessful to the three from the Notre verse came into action. This time lifesaving practices, performed Dame 40' ended^ -when Sweiger was Creighton Miller carried the ball, Humeroi^s swimming drills, and end-
hqlted at the goal line on the fourth 68 yards in all, across the Blue-
down. jacket goal.
department. O. K., Joe-
dre^ men out for the event. If any-
-take over.
'Simta Says; BETTER VALUES ON HOLIDAY CLEANING at WEST SIDE CLEANERS
You’ll want to be "spruced up” for the Christmas holiday so take , Santa’s hint and let us give new |:adiance to your wardrobe.
Phone 4081
DELIVERY PREE
Northwestern at Vine Street
ed by forming a human bridge across the pool, over which a girl walked. To form this bridge the men lined up in two lines facing each other, in deep water, and a board was laid between the lines that the boys supported while treading water, a volunteer was drafted from the audience, Miss Rita Kraepelien, president of the Triton club, and she daringly took off her shoes, and walked across the pool on the human bridge; then the “Swimmandos” swam in unison to the north side of the pool, and climbed out of the pool in ■unison, shaking water all over the 75 formally attired members of the men’s
glee club.
Dave Simpson and his celesta broke through the applause, and the sound of water dripping oil' the glee club, with “The Three Little,Fishes” and Jane Aspinall and Sue Gastrineau, two of the original “Thiec' Little Fishes” entered the watcj' at
the east end of the pool and in per- Garbo style—flapped feet only; feet rhythm, swam four lengths of Japanese and Egyptian crawl, and
the pool using freestyle, back, aUd the Wabash river style—used sort “i Rifle Association rules
breaststrokes; and doing the fourth' flipping motion with his hands out
lap porpoise fashion, ending in a in front.
few flourishes and a pinwheel. At the conclusion of “White Diving deluxe followed with Wal- Christmas,” some hickish looking ly Grub, Lew Ware, and Herm gii-j m a 1900 style swim suit came
Targets: Record targets will be furnished one deSireS tO take part in thlk iilff-
by the Range Officer and initialed by him
after they have been fired.
All
team
least 6 feet back of the spotting table. All .targets will be scored by a disinterested person. Ties will be broken by Nation-
play of muscles, they should report
am‘ rrfnratid tac^h'* w'ui ^reiSlYn‘a? the Wrestling room on the second
floor of the Pieldhouse any tilme
Bauer on the boards. This performance had barely started when a red headed freak in a purple, bathing suit and a pair of red gloves broke through the crowd and demanded a contest, said his name was Willie Tigertail and he was fresh from Tasmania. Ware, Grub and Bauer continued to give a demonstration of very near perfect diving, interspeised with Willie Tigertail’s ravings off the high board. Finishing the diving, Willie demanded a chance to show some odd strokes that he had picked up in his ti'avels of the world, a few very aptly performed were the Hollywood backstiokc—he combed his hair; Greta
TEAR UP THAT CHRISTMAS LIST Let us solve Ihe whole problem lor jou with photographs, so easy, so economical—■and ye! s.i clistincti'.e. SCOREE’S PHONE 2313 lO.j NORTH Vv'ESTEKN AVE.
out and said in a meek voice, that she could swim breaststroke, and Papenguth gave her a chance to swim. She’d made half the length of the pool when the glee club broke into “Bux-lesque Theatre”; at the otherend of the pool the girl got out, tossed a coy look at A1 Stewart, took off her hat and a bathing suit; now she appeared as a 1920 swimmer and she did another length of the pool in 1920 style. Again Stewart led his little group in “Burlesque Theatre,” off came another suit— another coy look was tossed, and Patty Aspinall, woman’s national breaststroke champion, appeared from beneath the wardrobe. Patty then dressed in 1942 fashion demonsti aled the modern breaststroke. Another ballet by six members of the Triton Club followed Patty’s act; and immcdiatc'ly afterward for.' “jerks” with two scooters
BASKETBALL Monday Evening, Dev. 7 Court 1—Pilarski: 7:00—Phi Delta Theta vs. Tau Kappa
Epsilon.
7:15—Alpha ICappa Lambda vs. Pi Kappa
Phi.
8:10—Triangle vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. 8:26—Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Alpha Sigma
Phi.
Court 3—Benz, Emerson : 7 :00—Ward 21 \s. Ward 25. 7;]5—Ward 28 va. Ward lOA. 8'10—Ward 27 vs. Ward 29.
stumbled into sight and fell into the pool, after some argument, a race was provided, and Dick Smith and Ed Mills beat Phil Hansel and George Sauderling in a scooter race along the bottom of the pool. Roy Heidke again made an attempt for th^ breaststroke record, but again fell short by a few tenths of a second. From the gloom around the edge of the darkened pool came a girl oil a lily pad while the glee club sang “I’m Falling in Love with Someone.” The girl, Wilma Palmer, sang a solo, was answered from the side by Ray Friend; then both dived into the water swam together singing a duct, “I’m Falling- in Love with Someone.’’
Good food is good FUi! Enjoy a pleasant evening dining in the comfortable surroundings of the PURDUE UNION CHESiNgT ROOM When the family visits you, bring them over for one of the delicious meals always obtainable;^ the right place. JJtJL. fikhjdjuik, W.§ijm£^aL lAnJum, Just take a walk through the building!
after 4 p. m. If some of the bpjn? who are now practicing for the tourr ney develop in time, the first of the tourney may be run off the week before Christmas. After the holidays, the final rounds -will he
run off.
To give the members of the team a little experience, and also some of the newer entrants in the dotitest, besides the spectators who like, to see wrestling bouts, there will be mtersquad competition matches this coming Saturday afternoon. The matches will include some of the frosh members of the team in addition to some of the varsity candidates. The meets will be held In the wrestling room about 2:30 p. m. and anyone so desiring can witness them. ' Although the time of the meets for the varsity have not been determined as yet, most of the varsity have reported for woi-kouts for the past few weeks. Coach Reeck still has two conference champions in addition to five other veterans. Mark Matavina, the 136 pound champ, has already reported, but Prank Rug-giei-i, the hea-vyweight^irown holder, is still resting up from the football season. Other veterans -who have reported are Jhn Para tore, Velmar Davis, Roger Claseman, Warren Eviston, Don Britt and Dick Barwegen, a frosh last year, who 'will battle his fellow- lineman, Ruggieri, for the heavyweight place on the
squad.
The team will probably meet six Big Ten schools this year in dual competition, though the schedule will not be made out till some time in the next week. There is a possibility that the Big Ten Confeteflce championship bouts may be held here at the end of the wrestling season. Some of the schools which the Riveters might meet are Chicago, Wisconsin, Northwestern, Indiana, Illinois and Michigan, who has not appeared here in several yeai-s. Notice All freshmen interested in applying for track manager mtset in the northeast corner, of the Pieldhouse Monday evening at 4:15. —BASSETT
ENRICHEp BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality RAKERY
Southworth’s
ALVINO REY And KING SISTERS
EXCLUSIVE VICTOR AND BLUEBIRD RECORDING ARTISTS
61157 Major, and the Minor Strip Polka (VC) V27948 . I Never Know (VC) When It's Moonlight on the Blue Pacific 811579 Dearly Beloved I'm Old Fashioned
B11576 I Came Here to Talk For Joe Gobs of Love 811582 Daybreak Kilic Kilic V27936 Ke3p Smilin', Keep Laughin', Be Happy Singing Sands of Alamosa
THE FOSTER SHOP
East Side Square
Dial 4900
The Most Beautiful Display of CHRISTMAS CARDS you have ever seeril -HALLMARK^ The Most Beautiful Cards in Americal
These are cards you will be proud and delighted to send. Thousands from which to choose—
BOX ASSORTMENTS 12 for 50c vip to 12 ior $1.00
PERSONAL IMPRINTED CARDS 50 for $1.00 and up We have 20 books from which to choose.
CELLO PACKS 12 Cards for 25c
CHRISTMAS NOTE PAPER 59c
BUY YOUR CHRISTMAS CARDS AT
mOllE BDCK&StPranCRE
308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE INtai
Southworth*sPtt^A
' ' ’■tv;;'>«/Wi%f'*'Vi ''^'vvi’'\'i'i-^x‘*
V
'4' /'' (V« '
E ’S**
_J !
Fiirdue Exponent
S fc -». Sunday, Bmemher 6, 19421
Purdtie Exponent WBAA To Present Special Dr. Hawkins Will Talk
Second Semester Freshmari 'Vfromert llc(ru l-it coed Houis bepriDnlnfc Monday Dec 7 —AWS TUDICtAlj BOHD
Entered as second class matter at the post oltice in Lahtyotte, Indlafta. under the ' - - 3 1879 ,, provided for in t, 1917, ndthor i*ed jannary 20, 1922 Published dailv ex ellpt Monday durinit the ^pulac academic year and WdaWv dnrln« the Summer Ses alon. Delivered localK bv earner for $3 50 jldr year, mdil subscriptions, f4 Off
Pearl Harbor Program At ASME Meeting Tuesday
Editor-In-Chief Kelts Editor Manapinp EdHOt RaAfiesff Kletfetrdr
John F Amos Don T Brophy John H Armstrong William D Millard
STAFf' FOR THIS ISSUE
Night Editor : Smith Sports Editor : Sowards Day Editor : Holland Issue Editor : Stephenson Reporters : Abbett Richardson Murphy Richardson Wilbur Tyson Vegh
Exponent
(Continued fioin page 1) ' of ciidilation undei the title of Cndilation Managei The junioi advcitising staff will be composed of John Flexon Coni ad Gaunt Jud\ McCullough and John Tabb Elaine 4hions, Caiolvn Wilbui Maltha Leo Eiggs and Ph-slhs Mann w ill act as Associate Coed Editoi s The Associate Spoits Editoi will be Clinton Sow aids Datis Shiiti James Ackeiman and RaMiiond Smith Thtic will bt a meeting of th newh elected staff mcmbcis in the Etponent office tonight at 6 tO
In ccmn'cinoi ilion of Pcail TIa' boi, Decembci 7, 1941, theic will be a special ladio pioinam o\ci WBAA with man^ mtmbds of the faculty and staff }) ii ticiaptmg The piogiam will be bioadcasl fiom 12 30 to 1 00 p m and will take the ]ilacc of the usual noon time musical piogiam Among those who will be ftaUned in the ceiemon> will be Pi of F C Hockema assistant to the Fiesi dent, Dean Hain J Reed, of the school of agiiciiltiie, C ol D M Beeie, commandant of the ROTC, Commandei H M llait, ofthcU S Laval Tiaining School, Pi of C M Beosc, head of the dcpaitment of geneial enginecii g and T R Johnston diicctoi of infoimation Fhcie will also be a special message liom Go\ciiioi Ilenn Schiickei
Di H A Hawkins, of the school of mechanical engineeiing, will pieent an illustiatod Icctuie on “Photogiaphmg the Invisible” bcfoie a meeting of the Student Bianch of the Amciican Society of Mechanical Engineers on Tuesday night at 7 30 p m in Room 108 of the Meehan cal Engineeiing Building
Notices
AH Studdnts Stutitnt tutois ivl now f( 1 mniiy 'Aibitc s Rites aic 00 *.( nts per h( ii Apply uL Sen it( OfTic Un ion from 4 to 5 ^0 p m BRFWLR
^ Special Trains
Classified
I
Ads
Money to loan on diamonds watches guns, luggage tjpewriters Alberts Loan Office
•107 Columbia
(Continued fiom page 1) No who would leave Southbound Inch inapolis Cleve land and East iia Big Foiu Tues da's 4 15 p in \o who would lea\e Ihose who ha\e ah each signed foi the 1 20 Big Foul to Indianapo lis and Cmcmiiati and amII not go, indicate hei t Those who hac e alieady signed loi the 2 40 Ol 5 42 p m Big Foiu loi Chicago and will not go indicate heie 2 40 "-7 5 42
AH Male Students If you d sirt to enli t in th( Armv Enlisf d Re cive Corps \ou rauf-t )d le voui appludlion now nd follow it up \\ once No student now in choc 1 mny bt enlibted iftei Dtc 31 piote.'' mg <f ip 1 lu ints uquiu^ approximately wo weds to (ompicte necessary physical exampialions nd illied papijs Limited cleiicil lull) will male it impt siblc to tnlisl ipplicanls !u w lit until the li i minute to ipplv All ipi licatioii sluiild he midt in Poom Bl l^iscment of Purdue Aimon - GU-^IIAM
Ushers and Police Ihc fillowing report to th nd(i igrcd in Loom 108 of the IVlcns Gvm Wednesday Dec 0 at i p m R I Agiuw K Id Anderson I I Anderson T I Andrctich J N AppLgnto, G P Arch r W D Banckci W G Barnard P B Hanus R T Buwegeii P I Baunigull A leilky A Beiio J D Blottnci M / Bojinoff A I Brutus W H Buffington T L lUirgcr W 1 Buighnidt J Chmcwie/ I H Clasemnn R 4 Clafatman C W Clo^'i W G Cook K J Cveenas V W Davis D r Delong P A DcMaiia V F Dudek W R Dudbcnski D ^ Durfee J P Eiickson W 1 Gitcb R M Gibson G F Giffjid J h Gi imm R J Hai/yk P S Hinscl I H Ilaid C J Ifni ns I A Heidlu I I Hingi C J PIipp T W Howell M 1 Hull O L Huiih J C Inpmn T R cTnningb A lentsh E C Keriis R N Kilpatrick P Kinder L G King K V Lambtrt W I leif hdt A I cugo J I I ippincott K I lynch r W McCaffiy C J McCormick I L McI irl ind T R McMilIin M R Matovin i L r MiticWitz W S Mignin K I MilUi Ru\ I Milltr E W Missilhoin D R Ncttcshcmi W I Newell F O Bry mil Ondrtjka C L Palmci J Paialort L R Pcai on R H Pttrak R W Platt F Pondti W T Powers Z' Rayshick T H Uedciibtigci "W C Rcviullb C O Rob erts 1 E Rose R W Ros i S 1 Rud i ICS F P Evwggici 1 H A S'^id I W H Shimti I R Shoemaker C S Silveis T W Snook V A Snyder H W Sjltvsjnsl i R L Stot Ring II L Stiam 1 Strawbridge 7 1 Stuckci E P StutevilU T 11 Icn plcton »R I T(wk‘'biiry J N Vaugnn S A Warner B R Warien P G W blc 71 E Wil on I C Winklei W H Wooden C W Wnghl r 1 Youii-s SANDERS
NiiWn^an Cltibi. The jNcWman Club breakfast Will be held in the St Mary b na«inm after the 0 30 mass Sunday Dec 6 Ih'^rc Will be an important m^’oting Elections will be held - BROWNE
DcWis Ifttorvlews will be held ‘Wednes WAA* Volleyball Schedule
dayA'Thursday and Fliday December 0 10 and 11 Pnftfmtm will Ilf nfiulrifl f n 11v
PctitioUs Will be posted tally in the week BALL
13 as follows Monday at 4 p m ,v .1 t. VIA v.iv Ward UB
I uthernn Students Fvbiyonc is invited to our social meeting at the home of Rev St lldoif b?b Nuith Olh bt at 7 p m , Sunday Dee 6 —WALLACE
ASME Meeting Tuesday. Dec B at 7 *^6 loom lOH &r G A Hawkins wih sPc"k jn Photogi iphing tlu Tiivibiblc an ilfubtrat ‘ed keturc on infia ted photography —LLOYD
vs North Hall Ward llA vs v.«xv. TUesday at 4 p m Kappas va ^inm r ol first ‘ ^HENI^IS
Triton tlul) IheJc will be a regulai meeting I uebday it 7 13 in the Memorial Gymnasium •—BROWNE
Pitlol Team 'Iheic will be in important pistol nraetice Wednesday Dec 0 at 4 p m In idditien to formex teim members the “"ol lowing students axe leeiuestod to be tins ent W Christ m R V MiLGaheV E T Doyiu I r Singci S Gullrck^eli V M Penr'.on I L Guner 1 II Ilanniixn Vf G Simpson J II Suthexlin W W Willm irth W I Buschminn -BROWN
I)cRa Rho Kappa Pledges Meeting Mon day at 7 16 in xoem 802 of the Union> Ini tiTtuyn fees payable If you cannot attend call Davis 6503^ —DAVIS
EEC Applicants All students who have applied for enlistment in the EM and have not ?et been enlisted report to Room B4 m the basement of the Armory before noon Saturday to make airangements foi deiinjtc Antn fif enlistment —GRAHAM.
Scrivener Club Meeting reinm 5>4fi nf Union —DRA I
Gold Peppers Activitus meeting in room 306 of Ihe Union lutsday Dee 8 nt 1 15 p ni Meeting foi pledges will be in room 103 tC the Union luesdiy Dec 8, at 4 15 p m — SIMMONS
Engineering Sucncc Seniors IIhic will be i meeting of all Apnl engineering nd tunce raduntes at I p m Tuesday Do c«mb r 8 in room lOS (f chc Mechanic il Engineci ing Budding — VOGLFR
POMM Election of next sem'^sfei s ffi tors will be held Tuesday Dec 8 at 4 p m HI the Aimoiv All luembcio of the ordei should attend thi meetin^ —JACKSON
Students Wi^hinj to woil foi tlu Rtgis till during th Winiii Turn icgisliitun laiuuv 1 md ) lie icquostcd to mile at hcition U the Rc‘^isti u office rho'ic with prevRUs rxpciitncL it loeistialicfn or in Ihei tkneal i )bs ire eivin pioiercnec STONL
Debris W orktrs Petitions bi Tunioi lobs mu t be t nil d in t fall ci l^linton by iu iiy Dec 1 Sami k opits of foi mil pcti fion au in the woikshop oi th bu in s crtiec IHEODOSE
Siher Mask Pledges Initiition will be held lhuisda\ Dec 10 at 30 p m Meet in Uu funt rem of the Fieldhouse ROSEN
SC A Board Piubibk list meeting of the cai on Tiusdn Dee S AU dnfinished busi css will be taken up \NTONACCIO
Typewriters—Adding aiacnmes all makes sold, tented repaired and purchased Mimeograph work done C J Eber'^hoff 60j Main l^fayette Phone 2779
Lost—A Mido Multifiit lutumitie Svi^s watch Luminoua dial UacK fate Strai m#idc fer mall wrist Also i Sag Lp pin with the name R E Sa\t n on hick Re w irtl a I knl> Phone 3301 Reel
anted—Bo> t w(ik it the PudueUn ion Cafetena Appl> Puidut Union Cafe tend Offict
Lost—-b inch t jmp iss ncai Heaeilon Hill Fnd i\ 1pm Phone McDouall Re ward
Large double room for rent Close to cam pus Inncrspnng m ittrcss beds Phone ■1331
Appioximately one out ot cveiy thiee students at Hamilton College IS taking special college ivoik in tended to piepSie him foi militaiy seiMce
Order Crested Jewelry TODAY For Xmas Delivery
Sanitonc Ckanioff Keeps Clothes Cheery Bright
DI4L 7278
Southworth’s
BURE,PATTERSON & AULD CO.
Official Jewelers
IN THE VILLAGE
PHONE 2523
KMAS OUT SPECIAl!;
Your Portrait... a gift only you can give. You as you are todayforever. Call for appointment before December 18th.
Call 2879
PHILLIPS & CO.
‘Till! .liiunial riiiiliitjiapliiii'’ K119 M/ll\ .'iTlUTT
MFItltU lAHHI
IT'S HERE!
OECEMBfR Mary
That helter-skelter season when you don’t know what to bny—or where.
yon don’t have
to worry this year
because-
T’S HERE
^ dUj^hL in.. thsL OiUaqsL. Yes, it’s one of the most complete
GIFT SHOPS
in the State of Indiana!
★ If you haven’t seen it—you should! I ★ If you have seen it—visit again— now—and shop early! Remember— The GIFT SHOP Downstairs at
SUPPLY STOKE
308-10 JTATE tTREET WEST LAFAYETTE INU
'll
Southworth’s •