I /
IsP/t
r!
!■ Purdue
I-ltS
Exponent
Volume 5L No. 147
Sunday, Ado! 7, 1940
A Week of War By J. H. McKee • Speaking To The Youth Of Germany ... last Wednesday, Hermann Goering declared that Germany would soon strike a decisive blow on the Western Front and would win the war, making permany again “the most powerful empire in the world.” His address was for the air youths of Berlin, but it was relayed to all schools and youth meeting places throughout the country. “Our enemies will note that we have not become weaker, but stronger. We will give the same demonstration (as in Czechoslovakia and Poland) to them when the time is ripe, and show that Germany has decided to end the war,” he
said.
He asked German youths to give everything in their power to “make the greatest fight in history end in the greatest victory. Once Germany was the most powerful empire in the world. It shall become so again,” he ended.
• Winston Churchill . . . First Lord of the Admiralty, became Britain's chief war strategist last week in a war cabinet ^‘spring cleaning” by Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain. Churchill becomes complete master of the British fighting services. The new position, Chamberlain explained, would enable Churchill “to keep under constant review the main factors in the strategic situation and the progress of operation, and to make recommendations to the war cabinet on the general conduct of the war.” * In announcing Churchill's new position, the German* radio said, “Churchill has been promoted from the rank of war monger to the rank of supreme war monger.” The Nazi radio aimounced the change half an hour be^re it was officially announced in London. • Norwegian Foreign . .. Minister Haldvan Koht struck a sharp blow at the allied blockade policy in North Sea and Norwegian waters yesterday when he declared that Norway “will at once be at war if the allied powers ask us to stop flee shipping which goes in accordance with generally recognized international law.” The foreign minister discussed Norwasr's shipping problems in relation to her neutrality policy—^in particular the iron ore exports from Narvik. • France Worked ... to strengthen her domestic “front” last week by launching a three fold program that would increase the nation's birthrate, increase the number of women employed in war industries, and prepare the country for the issuance of food and fuel ration cards. The French birthrate has fallen off four hundred thousand in the past half century, being approximately six hundred thousand at present. Parents will be entitled to a premium of between $40 to $60 for their first born child. The plbn will provide more farm and factory workers, and will pro(Continued on page 3)
Ten Independents Presented At NISA Convention Dinner Named Outstanding On Purdue Campus Ten outstanding independent students on the University campus were presented last night at the National Independent Student Association banquet. Those chosen were Don Terrio, Exponent editorial director; Catherine' Cooley, WSGA; Ann Sickman, WSGA; Margaret Mitchell, Gold Pepper president; Helen Steffee, Scrivener; Vince Hruby, Student Union; Prank Hui'st, ROTC colonel; Lawrence' Archibald, Independent editor; Jim Hebbeler, tennis; and Jerry Hinshaw, PIA president. Principal speaker for the banquet was Dean Arno Nowotny, University of Texas, who summarized the activities of the convention. The PIA executive board and workers were also presented at this time. Music for the dinner was furnished by Jeanne Miller, harpist.
New Committee
At the business session in the afternoon, Bob Douglass, University of Texas, was chosen chairman of the executive committee for 194041. Other executive committee members are Don Bickers, University of Emory, Georgia; Sue Cope, Univeisity of Michigan; Fisher Free, Cornell; Bob Henning, Wisconsin; and Newton Wallace, Iowa State. Dean J. F. Findlay, University of Oklahoma, was re-elected national secretary, while Dean Nowotny was chosen faculty adviser. NISA pin was also selected at the afternoon business session. The pin will contain an arrowhead, the school colors, and a chain with seven links, representing the seven aims of the organization. The three-day convention was brought to a close last night with a party-dance in the faculty lounges
of the Union.
R. M. Horn ... of the Speech department, will speak on the topic, “Teachers,” on Tuesday night at the regular meeting of Kappa Delta Pi, honorary educational society.
Nation's Students Favor Continuation Of CCC, NY A, Other New Deal Reforms By Joe Beiden which paify wins the elections in (Stndent Opinion Surveys of America) November, what parts of tlie New Whether the Democrats or the be continRepublicans win the elections in No- ^ed ?” vember, almost all college students total number of times that believe that there are parts of the different agencies were named: New Deal that should be continued. ^.C.C. was mentioned 18% •The Civil Conservation Corps, the N.Y.A. was mentioned 15 National Youth Administration, the W.P.A. was mentioned 7 Works Progress Administration, Social security mentioned .... 7 and social security are the most pop- All others mentioned 44 ular agencies among collegians, it Didn’t Know 9 IS pointed out by the latest national Only very few believe that the ensampling conducted by the Student tire New Deal program should be Opinion Surveys of America. several agencies; approval by others A chance for youth, jobs for the discarded. Most students mentioned unemployed, security for the unfor- covered entire fields, such as profortunate—Uncle Sam as the social tection of natural resources, atguardian—that is where college ap- tempts to solve imemployment, etc. proval falls greatest. Opinion in different sections of the Continue New Deal? country is remarkably even, the surPersonal interviewers asked this vey shows, and approval comes question of a sampling of all colleg- from students of both Republican ians in the country: “Regardless of and Democratic leanings.
Boilermakers Open Baseball Season At Home With 7-4 Win Over Wabash C»M5ie PiesidMl Bailey AllowsFour HHs.OneRiin; ToAppe^lnUnhn loDistussPainHiijs CM Wind Makes Play Drif icuH Music Rnnm Tndav Al FvkikSf TAmArmuf baseball fans sat through the first home music isoom l oaay [XnlDll IORIOrfOW game of the 1940 Boilermaker season at Ross-Ade Field yesterFeatured in the Mueic room pro- Dr. Robert E. Doherty, president afternoon, watching the Gold and Black defeat Wabaah Colgram today at 4 o'clock is Harry of Carnegie Institute of Technology 7-4. Bob Bailey Started for the Boilermakers and allowed Bell, Hollywood tenor. Bell is plan- will speak about his hobby, paint- one run and four hits in the first six innings, leaving the game ning to return to California about ing, tomorrow at 4 p. m. in the mu- with a 2-1 lead. Miller, Wabash pitcher, was touched for five the first of May where he has made sic room of the Union in connection seventh and eighth innings while Higgins let the recordings for Several of the mo- with an exhibition of his work. This Trioi'i...... n... i r.. tion pictep studios and appeared exhibit eohsists mainly of land- visitors add three in the last two fr^es^ on the radio with a choral group, scapes and will remain here imtil ' Dick Wargo and Bud Fisher led the “Lucky Seven.” April 15. the Riveters at the plate, Wargo hitThe following is the tentative “Reminiscences of Steinmetz” 1/6091613 11610111 tog three times and FisW twiro. program: will be the subject of his talk Tues- McFerren, Mackiewicz and Higgins T day at 10 a. m. to senior engineering C#l«AAli* Cav Cau'f# other three safeties. The This Flower You Gave To Me students and staff members in room jCnOOiS lOi I IlSI pLndS^^ouT^bv^ CFrom “rarmpn”) Bivpf the electrical engineering pounded out by Seiler, visiting Prologue (From Cavaliena building. Dr. Doherty served for a DI2|«>a In Oifi lA MaaI Emmert on fi^t base Rusticana) . .. P. Mascagni of years as a major mem- Kl9C6 ill PlQ ID ri66l two men out in the ninth he Mountains Oscar Rasboch ElertS^^^^^^ Doil Paarlborg Takes fier HarendedTheTame on^fhe — rfdZ”of“ I" "Bull Session- SSken^lf * (Semelel Handel University from 1931 to University debate team yester- Pardue broke the ice in the secThe Hills of Gruzia Necolai 1936. Since then he has been at Car- day tied for first place with four mmng when Fisher singled Mednikoff aegie Institute of Technology. schools in the Western Conference scored on a Liebestraum (Dream debate tournament at Northwestern . ^ ^ ® fourth to tie l^ieoestraum (Dream _ ^ Universitv "P' through o ove) . Liszt-Schipa TCB DanCC > Illinois, Iowa, Northwestern, and ^gain, this time aided by ^o passed Ah, Moon of My Delight (From “In . . . sponsored by the Student Un- IvlVav crossSt^^te A Persion Garden”) . Liza ion, will take place in the new Un- in the five-way tie, each team came inninBu Lehmann ion ballroom from 4 to 5:30 o’clock, winning five and losing three. Wis- the home faff of^^ The Crying of Water . Campbell- Tuesday afternoon. Admission is MffinLte^''tied"'fOT seventh and the Boilermakers added enough runs Tipton free, and music will be furnished by ^i^nesota tied for seventh and victorv McFerren who In the Northland Clay Smith new, popular recordings. ffi^ffinV^ace’ had walked on each of his first three Gordon Belles and Seymour Udell appearances at the plate, beat out ^ debated on the affirmative for the an ^Id hit and went on to second EliqueWe Book By Georgann Schilling ^”=2 venZ z, to Ohio State and Town Wargo Singled to left and went Hakes Appearance Al NISA Convention ™ “Pardon Me,” Purdue’s fitst etiquette book, was presented to Chfeasf^anf Indian°^ Minnesota, Mackiewicz foUowed with his first the campus at the NISA convention meeting yesterday after- only to Illinois. ^ ® hit of the game, a hard single to noon in the Union building. Beginning this morning copies of Yesterday afternoon from 3 to and both dinners scored, the book will be available for the student boidy at the west desk 3:30 o’clock, Paarlberg and four ac a vance ona pa^^baU, of the Union, and will be sold at a table outside the sweet shop debaters from schools repre- ^ ® ® on Monday and Tuesday afternoons at 4. Members of PIA may rSo;marai:~on receive a free copy of the booklet upon presentation of their sion” over the Columbia Network. eighth to force in membership card at the PIA office any afternoon at 4. Under the subject “Peaceful second Wabash run. In the last xxr -rr , ^ /'ll, »4-1. u 11 • ’ 1. 1. J huff of that liming, the last for the Written by Georgann Schilling, Change, ’ the bull-sessioners hashed Ridswav walked co-ed editor of the Exponent, “Par- Caldwell, president of the Glenn- over such questions as: “What are ^ don Me” is a humorous presentation wood Co-op House will take part in *0® obstacles to peaceful change? |,-_4. _-,4. _ . „ of the problems of collegiate social the last Etiquette School meeting on Why did the League of Nations ^j^ggg life. It is the first etiquette book April 24 in the east faculty lounge, fail ? Can cooperation become a nor- Ridgway then scored on a fielder’s written by a college student for and This meeting will be led by Miss method of conducting world mggins came home when about college students. Miss Schill- Clare Coolidge, Assistant Dean of affairs? Wargo’s line drive bounced off Miling donated the material for the Women, and A. P. Johnson, assist- I" addition to the University, Vernon was caught bebooklet to the PIA which will re- ont at the personnel service. Stu- Northwestern, Iowa, Illinois, and second and third on the play' ceive half of the ten cent charge dents are urged to read “Pardon Wisconsin were represented in the tagged bv Rhode being made for the book. The other Me!” before attending the Eti- discussion. Parker Wheatley, radio Five Out Of Six half of the charge will go into a quette School as much of the dis- director at Northwestern, acted as victory of the seafund to finance editions of the book- cussion will be based on the mater- referee. son for the Boilermakers in six conlet in future years lal in this book. CIakI ^e^ts. Next week they return to T71 «i3***^* n/r » \AiCC^ A I lUtUrC I drUIGrS elect Ross-Ade Field for two games with Free copies of “Pardon Me” are VV5G4 COUnSelOtS ^ ^ ... Iowa’s defending champions on being sent to each fraternity, sor- TnUrStOII PreSIOent Wednesday and Thursday and the OTity, womens residence hall, Cary WjJlf McGt TuGSdsV Pittsburgh Pirate game Friday, Halls, and the co-op houses for the f Indiana Association of Future Score by innings: libraries of these organizations. A - ^ ^ Farmers of America at the closing R H E number of the NISA delegates have # || V^Ofllf©l' ffldff session of the eleventh annual state Wabash 000100012 4 8 2 puichased copies of the booklet to -.Tr-n- , convention that has been in session Purdue 01010032x 7 8 3 take back to their campuses. Dr- E- G. Williamson, personnel j^g^-g ^jjg University for the last Box Score: PIA is/sponsoring a series of administrator at the University of ^^ree days elected Paul Thurston, Purdue (7) three Etiquette Schools on April 10, Minnesota, will speak Tuesday at 4 Alexandria, as president for the AB R H PO A 17, and 24. These meetings, which p. m. in Stanley Coulter Hall at a coming year. McFerren, 2b 2 113 5 are being conducted by E. Jayne compulsory meeting for next year’s Schenk of Evansville, the Vernon, cf .. . 5 0 0 3 0 Myer, are open to all campus stu- faculty counselors, i-gtiring president, was elected to Wargo, rf 5 10 0 0 dents and will be conducted in the This is the second meeting of a ser- ^^e chair of vice-president. The re- Mackiewicz, 3b 3 1 1 2 2 open discussion manner. les which is sponsored by WS(5A, ejection of Robert Roup, Columbus, Hearne, ss > 3 0 0 2 0 Opening Meeting at which authorities on counseling secretary; Dr. Z. M. Smith, Pur- Blanken, If .41030 At the opening meeting on Wed- ‘ xsrors a leader of vocational ag- Smithson, lb 3 0 0 8 0 nesday night of this week the theme At the first meeting of WSGA rjcuiture, state chapter adviser; Ridgway, lb .01010 will be “We Appear In Public” and counselors Libby Barmes explained ^ Kiltz’s, Purdue, treas- Fisher, c .31253 discussions led by Miss Ruth th® counseling system of last year, urer; Paul Zimmer, of Renssalaer, Bailey, p . 1 0 0 0 3 Houghton of the placement service A faculty-student program will go reporter, were among the new of- Young, ph6 .. 1 0 0 0 0 and James N. Davis, assistant at mto effect next year. Each fresh- ficials named for the coming year. Higgins, p 1 110 1 the personnel service. Members of transfer student will be addition to conferring the Theta Alpha Phi, national dramatic provided with both a student and a «Hoosier Farmer” degree on 23 31 7 8 27 11 honorary, will give a skit concei-n- faculty counselor. The remaimng ppA members, tie state chapter be- Wabash (4) ing introductions, and Georgann meetings will be for combined honorary degree on Her- AB R H PO A Schilling, author of “Pardon Me!” groups of men, women, and faculty schell Newsom. Columbus, Indiana Wilson, cf 5 0 2 2 9 will be introduced. counse 01 s. Master of the Grange, who was the Gray, 3b 4 0 1 3 4 Miss Peggy Hamilton, director of —, - ■% # ■ principal speaker at the banquet Seiler, c 4 3 2 3 1 WRH South, and Gene Johnston, fa- / IcRQf RGlUITiulS - evening. Hale, ss 5 0 0 1 0 culty sponsor of South Cary Hall, Winners in the state FFA mem- Scheivley, If .... 4 0 2 3 0 will lead the discussions at the April “Grand Illusion,” French film bers’ public speaking contest, who Sabo, rf 3 0 1 .0 17. Etiquette School in the east fac- scheduled to have been shown in the were announced this morning, were: Rhode, 2b 2 0 0 4 0 ulty loimge of the Union. Margaret electrical engineering building last Robert M. Parrish, Concannon, Silverman, lb .... 4 0 0 0 1 Mitchell, president of Gold Peppers, night, did not reach Lafayette, and first; David Duckworth, Franklin, Miller, p 3 0 0 0 0 Herb Fishburn, president of the ticket refunds will be giv^ in the second; Donald Atkinson, Paoli, Emmert, phO 110 0 0 Student Senate, Carl Lutz, vice- Union lobby today from 2 until 4 third; and Kenneth Vaughn, Delphi, — — president of PIA, and Cornelia p. m., and Monday from 4 until 0. fourth. 35 4 8 24 12-
U
74
PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday. April 7. Id40
Two Boilermaker Teams Battle Before Grid Clinic Before several hundred coaches attending the annual grid clinic, two elevens picked from Boilermaker gridmeP who will be eligible next fall battled for two regulation halves yesterday afternoon in RossrAde stadium. Largely through the efforts of Mike Byelene, sole survivor of the “Three Bees,” the “Whites” outscored and outplayed the “Reds,” 12-0. Furious action in the first half ' saw the Whites score both of their Tvaflf Tuam DrAnSFAC touchdowns, one in the first quar- ■■OvR lUfllll rlU|J(ll6j ter when the game was five minutes r A I ■ old, and the other midway in the iQf APPrOBCllinQ second quarter. Throughout the con- ” test, vicious tackling and hard running served to brighten next fall’s vtllyOOl ^ClIBOIllG grid hope^. Several freshmen stars were brought forth by Mai Elward Head track coach Herman Philand initiated into varsity play, for lips’ thinly-clads will have imtil next these rhiriies will be a boon to Boil- Satui’day to prepare for the opening ermaker stock next fall, of the outdoor season, when they Byelene Does It ^travel to Michigan State at East Shortly after A1 Rossi kicked off ^Lansing. The team and coaching for the Whites, Anderson got away ^^aff will leave Friday at noon, tova short punt which landed on the ^o the meet. There should be mid-stripe. Byelene made it a first competition as the Spardown for the Whites on the Red 40 dual meet squad, yard line. Dropping far back. Bye- having placed well m the recent lene heaved a 30 yard pass to Central Intercollegiate Indoor Meet. Sprowl, who caught the ball on the Much of our future success will 10 and scampered untouched over depend on those representing Purthe zero stripe. Petty’s attempt for due in the field events. Assistant conversion was wide. Score: Whites, coach Allan reports Riveter field6; Reds, 0. looking forward to the out- ^ ■nrT.-j. door season, for there will be ample In the second quarter the Whites x -i. j- • t j X j X X XT- • orr j opportunity for discus, javelin, and returned a punt to their own 27 yard ,: , . x u xt, • 1- j high-jump men to show their true hne HalfbMk Byelme slipped away ^ emhampered by the coafinefor 20 yards. John Petty logged the ^ Fieldhouse. Also a larghall onto eaemy ^ound to tte 86. necessary for ontJnntor Br«k Petty and ^e ene competition, combined efforts to place the leather ten yards away from pay dirt. Tak- Outstanding Distance Man ing the bdll around his own left end. Perhaps the most outstanding little Mike Byelene sidestepped and member of the Michigan State com-straight-armed his way over the bination is a flashy long distance goal line. Petty’s try for extra point man named Frey, who has performwas blocked. Score: Whites, 12; ed creditably in all meets and alReds, 0. most equals the graduate star SparAnother Brock sprinter, Greer. Later in the same period Junior The addition of Danny Fisher, of Brock twisted into the clear from basketball fame and a competent his 30 yard line and was touchdown Quarter-miler, to the squad should bound until Hillenbrand slipped up strengthen the mile relay team confrom behind to nab him by the heel, siderably. Fijala, a freshman halfback from Pennsylvania, showed great punting Plsik CIaCAC strength by booting the ball 60 DllWilliy LIIID LIOSGS yards shortly before the end of the “trief tbceaf of .be eeconA SeaSOfl With FinllS, half came when Wheeler unleashed « A j | a 25 yard aerial thrust to Willeby MA|||i9y for the Whites, placing the hall on l the Red 25 yard line. University club, representing LaStarting lineup for both elevens fayette’s largest bowling league, was as follows. terminated its 1939-40 season last Rush _..JxE. King , * . x x -n A1 Rossi LT Powers ^ tomorrow will _LQ Brown Preceed the singles and doubles Axton C.. . VanAken tournaments to be held during the Winchell RG . Harmeson next two weeks. Italo Rossi RT . Melton ^ gg contests were played Sprowl RE Shimer team, with the Entomology Kersey —QB . ^yder -winning from the Speech departByelene HB .. Galvin j^gnt by one game, the latter, which Brock FB .. Schumacher heads the loop, came through Petty JIB . . Anderson ^ team score of 2669 and a top game of 980. Ralph Stuckey, IM Schedules tabulating 636 points, captured the Baseball Monday, April 8 Practice games individual honors, while R. B. 12 vs Ward 28 or 6 Moore’s high score of 257 won him 2 Ward 17 vs Ward 26 or 7 the distinction of top game man. 6 Cary H^l 14 vs Cary Hall 10 3 Ward 24 vs Ward 8 Hunger recorded the best game 4 Ward 26 vs Ward 11 or Cary Hall 1 ^ xi,„ „„„x ™ixu oao tn x 6 Cary Hall 11 vs Cary Hall 2 the past Week With 242. Frost 7 Cary Hall 12 vs Cary HaU 8 tallied 236, Meadows 221 and Lee 8 Cary Hall 13 vs Cary Hall 6 9 Cw Hall 7 vs Cary Hall 6 220. Lee also had the high set of 10 Cary Hall 8 vs Cary Hall 9 cca 11 Ward 14 vs Ward 27 '
A GREAT BOY,,, BEFORE HE BECAME A GREAT MAN! The exciting boyhood of a great American . . . greater because it’s true! In his finest role since “Boys Town” . . . America’s No. 1 star!
Starts TODAY umneiB
^xponeni SpoJdA fiaqsi
Kolfe Jc^ikias, Sports Editor
Editor, Eicharda
§udJah3L Qhoiai
By Robert J. Deckard If the wind had been a might stronger and, blowing in the proper direction, a ball pitched to first base would probably have cut the corners of the plate during the PurdueWabash baseball game yesterday afternoon on the Ross-Ade Recreation Field. —fc— And that isn’t stretching it . . . The home opener of the baseball nine had a wind that was fierce and sharp . . . But we braved the elements long enough to finish seeing the Boilermakers and Little iGants struggle out a two hour-nine minute affair that l^ft some odd sixteenhundred spectators shivering and freezing . .. Even at that, it wasn’t a bad crowd. Besides seeing a baseball game, this department barreled out to the field to get an impression of the Boilermakers in a regiitation game, but, frankly, no impression was in the oflSng , . . The weather was j'ust a little frigid . . . The opposition wasn’t particularly tough . . . And the boys didn’t get right down to playing real baseball. v—fc— Not one Boilermaker negotiated an extra base hit. . . But, when the time came to follow through a crop of hits—as in the seventh—^to garner a run or two. Coach Dutch Fehring’s men responded admirably. . . j They knew when to take advantage of the breaks, which did impress us with the fact that the Boilermakers are on their toes to capitalize on every possible chance of chasing a man across the pan. —fc— As to the fielding, we thought it wasn’t bad . . . Harry McFerren, sophomore key-stoner, caught our attention by his veteran-like playing, handling three putouts and five assists perfectly . . . And Harry took care of a fly ball yesterday in the sixth that should bring him plenty of commendation. . . . Gray, Wabash third-sacker, sent a towering fly ov^r second base j'ust
NOW SHOWING 0^ \,0
— EXTRA — PETE SMITH SPECIALTY
into fhe outfield . . . Dick Wargo, rightfielder, started for the pill qs did Harry . • . The wind, devilish that it was, swooped the sphere towards the sidelines, and, Harry stuck out a paw j'ust in time to spear the pill ... It was a tough one to handle. —^fc— This fellow Wargo ain’t no slop at the plate and has a peg in the outfield that should be the envy of many a ball player... He’s a scrappy fighter, yesterday blasting out a trio of singles and accounting for one run himself out of four official trips to the plate. —tc— Bob Bailey, Boilermaker slabman, seems to be in condition . . . In six frames he allowed only four hits and one run, struck out four batters, and walked three . . . Gerald Higgins, who entered the game in the seventh, was the recipient of some hard pounding by the Little Giants . . . Catcher Seiler, of Wabash, slammed out a homeric blast in the ninth off of one of Higgin’s deliveries, but the wind, swooping towards the firstbase sidelines, carried the pill away from Wargo, allowing the receiver to get around the bases to beat his throw-in. —^fc— Co - captain Felix Mackiewicz, third baseman, finally got on one in the seventh and looked as if he was in his old-time batting form. Wayne Hearne, shortstop, and Frank Smithson, first baseman, played their usual consistent ball, although Hearne once pulled Jim Ridgway off first in an effort to put out Emmert, pinch-hitter. —^fc— Bud Fisher, Boilermaker catcher, slammed out a couple of nice singles yesterday in addition to getting a walk .. . Although there was an error chalked up against the receiver, well did he hold up both Higgins and Bailey. —^fc— All in all, the Boilermakers didn’t do so bad ... In fact, the lads looked fairly good in spots .,. But the real test comes Wednesday and Thursday afternoons against Iowa’s Hawkeyes, defending Big Ten champs — And the Pittsburgh Pirates on Friday — Don’t forget to buy the ducats now
Pittsburgh Drubs Athletics In Pre-season Exhibition Contests Wending their way back to the Alleghanies from their California training camp, the Pittsburgh Pirates are ending comments predicting a breakdown of the Buc attack this season. In games played against other major league outfits, the Pirates have more than broken even in contests with the Cubs, White
Sox, and Philadelphia Athletics.
, I — - - Now engaged in a series of one-
day stands on their return trip, the Bucs have taken six of the first nine exhibition contests from the A’s. After the complete drubbings from the Pirates, Connie Mack’s Athletics have agreed that National League teams can’t overlook the forces of Frisch. One supporter of the A’s declares that opposing clubs will wait themselves bow-legged before the veteran Waner brothers fall apart. The famed brother act has directly accounted for several wins this spring by entering the fray in the closing innings and promptly
producing runs.
Paul Waner Leaving? A national baseball weekly reports that thd Cincinnati Reds are dickering for the services of Paul Waner, senior half of the brother act. The 38-year old outfielder has, however, been a mainstay of the Pirate gardeners for many seasons, and the trading efforts seem as useless as a newsboy’s attempts to buy the national mint. Brother Pkul annexed the loop batting champioirship in 1936, '34, and ’27. However, brother Lloyd finished last season with a batting average of 33 points
better than Paul.
Manager Frankie Frisch is somewhat puzzled by Pitcher Johnny Gee, a rookie with a princely price tag. Gee, who hurled for Michigan only three years ago, was expected to take one of the starting positions at the outset of spring training, but hampered by a leg inj'ury, his showing has been a bitter disappoint-
ment.
Frisch Names Starters Big Max Butcher was the first twirler to go the nine-mning route this spring. The mountaineer had no trouble in cheeking all Athletic attacks in winning, 9-1. Besides Butcher, Manager Frisch indicates that his starting pitchers will be Bob Klinger, Mace Brown, Joe Bowman, and Danny MacFayden.
Golf Pros Will Meet In Fieldhouse Wed. To Instruct Students Ever hear the exclamation, “once in a lifetime?’’ That’s what University golf followers can exclaim when they gather in the Fieldhouse Wednesday and Thursday, for the purpose of watching such great experts of the fairways as Gene Sarazen, Byron Nelson, Horton Smith, Dick Metz, and Tom Welsh. This remarkable collection of golf talent will assemble here for the purpose of giving instruction to 160 golf pros—and to University students.
Advantage—^Take It
The student golfer is rather fortunate in that he too will share the individual instruction from these masters of the game. “Chief” Clevett, director of the intramural department, announced yesterday that the student body is especially requested to bring a wood club and take advantage of the individual lessons that will be given by these men Wednesday night in the Fieldhouse following the golf show. Thursday afternoon at 3:16, the golf stars will put on an outdoor exhibition on the intramural field. Besides the program featuring the stars of tournament and exhibition, talks by Dr. Robert Dyer on “The Doctor Looks at Golf,” and by Dr. E. L. Kelly of the Education and Psychology department on “Tips on Teaching from the Psychologist” are some of the other attractions offeied by the golf clinic entirely free. Physiol Chemist To Speak At ASME Meeting Thursday Dr. R. M. Buffington, Ph. D., physical chemist and research engineer for the Servel Corporation, Evansville, manufacturers of Electrolux products, will speak at a meeting of the ASME Thursday at 7:30 p. m. in room 208 of the me-
chanical building.
His subj'ect will be the “Engineering Principles of the Electrolux
Refrigerating Unit.”
President Mildred H. McAfee of Wellesley College this spring will be the first woman ever to give a baccalaureate address at Purdue University.
BETTER THAN SNOW WHITE!
IT NOW — so YOU’U HAVE TIME TO SEE IT OFTEN!
— ADMISSION
Nights aad Sunday...
35«
Week Day Matinees...
25e
Children Always
_.10«
TODAY - MONDAY ~
THREE THRILLING STARS In tbe jrear’a ". great Tomantic S^al
Cbatlee Ooban • Helen 'Vinson • Kntbarino Alexander • Jonatb^ Hale * Mauriei RKO RADIO picture Moaeovlc!i — and — BASIL RATHBONE IDA LUPINO — IN — "ADVENTURES OF SHERLOCK HOLMES" — ALSO — SHORT SUBJECT
LUMA
TODAY - MONDAY
2 SWELL FEATURES
FIRST LAFAYETTE SHOWING
PLUS 2ND FEATURESunday* April.?* 1$4(|
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
T'" Spring / China Clipper Trip ,, w ^ . t- r\ m ii j tl t tlIs Prize For Essay " Youve Got Time On Your Hands-Then Try This
Contest Winner Any student enrolled in a college or university in the United States is eligible to enter the China Essay contest, a project designed to stimulate nevr thought and discussion on the iniportance of the Sino-Japanese conflict. Contestants must write an original essay, not exceeding 1600 words on the subject “Our Stake in the Future of China,” emphasizing why it is to the interest of United States (to have a strong, free, and independent China. Here’s How Entries must be typed and double spaced on one side of plain white paper. The author’s name, address, college, college class, and home address should be written on a separate paper and placed in an envelope attached to the envelope. The postmarked deadline for entries is midnight, June 30, 1940. Essays should be mailed to Fherbia Thomas Thornburg, Director, China Essay Contest, 33 West 61st Street, New York City. There will be five prizes and two awards totaling $3,200; the'first prize will be $1,200, plus a round trip to China via “Clipper” if in the opinion of the judges, conditions in the Far East are favorable at the time of the award. Judges will include Dr. Roy Chapman Andrews, Pearl Buck, Theodore Roosevelt, Lowell Thpmas, and Alexander Woollcott.
Riveter Tennis Team Prepares For Stiff Spring Schedule Coach Larry LaBree’s net-men are working out every night in preparation for what should prove to be a very interesting and highly competitive season. With only two returning veterans, Hebbeler and Capt.Fuente,each of whom hasliad two previous years of experience. Coach LaBree is counting rather heavily upon new men, three of whom, Anderson, Lucht, and Berg, have already definitely won places on the team., A1 Carlson, Jim Mann, Jap Powell, and Fred Richards are the men that are at present battling for ^he sixth position on the net squad. All of these men are upperclassmen, but none of them have as yet participated in varsity competition. Opener Opening the season at Indianapolis on April 19 with a meet with ‘ Butler, the Boilermaker racquet wielders face a season devoid of / pushover events. The Northwestern and Chicago combinations will, according to LaBree, probably afford the stiffest competition' in the 16 meet schedule. The state intercollegiate tennis meet which will be held here and the Big Ten meet at Northwestern, both on the week end of May 23, will climax the season.
Alec Templeton Coming In Person WEDNESDAY EVENING April 24th One Performance Starting at 8:15 P. M. JEFFERSON mCH GYM Reserved and General Admission Tickets Available at: • Decker’s • University Drug, W. Laf. • Purdue Union, West Desk • Mail Orders, Address Chamber of Commerce, Laf.
MAIN FLOOR RESERVED MAIN FLOOR GENERAL ADMISSION. BALCONY RESERVED BALCONY GENERAL ADMISSION
$1.10 ..83c 83c 55c
Sponsored by Lafayette Junior Chamber of Commerce
We are equipped to clean suede and smooth leather jackets so that their original and natural finish is not destroyed. There is no fading nor streaking in the Kirk process of cleaning suedes and smooth leathers. You will be pleased to find your jacket os good as new. Suede Jackets $1.25 SHdk; Leather Jackets....$1.50
-Hems Cleaned by Cik Method-
PHONE 4081
— THE LOWEST PRICES THAT QUAUTY PERMITS
By BUI Heaton (Editor's note: This is the first of a series of three articles by the writer concerning points of scenic and party interest for a drive in the sorrounding countrysidjB. Snccessive installments will be pnblii^ each week.) Are you ever bothered with the urge to “get out and go someplace” on these balmy Sundays that W6 have now and then. We have been acutely troubled with such a desire more than once recently, but, though it’s fun to just get out of town, it’s all the nicer if you have some romantic or at least scenic spot to head for. Incidentally, picnic season will soon be here, we hope. Variety Show Today’s itinerary includes everything from an old abandoned fort to that spectacle of natural grandeur seldom equalled, a falls. Leaving town via the South River Road which you may find on this side of the river at the foot of the hill, our first stop is Fort Ouiotenon, four miles from town. Note: It’s within walking distance if you like to hike. Much of the early history of this territory is centered at this spot. The old blockhouse has been restored and as you examine it, you can almost picture some what an Indian raid must have been like. It’s places like this that make you wish you had your camera along; so don’t forget it. Athletes’ Hideout Back on the road again, we continue South, next stop being Ross Camp, about nine miles. There are many turns and bends in the road, but route directions can be summed up in one sentence: Since all the places on today’s journey lie on this side of the river, do not cross the river, which would necessitate a left turn, but turn left at all other intersections and stay as close to the river as you can<^ At the Camp, well known to all civils and many athletes, a right turn is necessary to continue on our trip. Since the camp is closed at this time of year, there will not be much to hold your interest besides the layout and the scenery. The location of the Camp on the high bluffs of the Wabash makes it ideal for the latter, though. Black Rock Continuing frdm the Camp and turning left in short order, we are on the road to Black Rock. Much can be said concerning the merits of this spot. It is a high rock formation overlooking the entire country for miles around. At this point the road climbs again to the top of the world on a steep hill. A grassy field at the top of the hill looks like it has many possibilities for picnics and so forth. At the edge of this inviting spot and directly above the river is the rock formation known as Black Rock; so named for the peculiar blackish hue
of the rocks. An inspiring view of the river valley spread out before you can be obtained from this point. .. Are You Still With Us? For those of you who ■wish t6 continue with our tour we must be off again. Turning right the first intersection and then left at the next one brings us to High Bridge. Here is an example of a Pratt truss bridge; cmls, take notice. The secluded valley lying far below has excellent possibilities; need we say more. T,ake it easy, though, it’s a stiff climb. We’re off again; did you make it? Turn left at the first comer, thence straight to the «nd of the road and right again. Incidentally, the territory we have been covering is notated with historical markers. The drives between the few spots are not made merely for the single pmpose of getting father along. With the approach of spring, they should provide you with some beautiful scen-ei-y. Easy On Those Curves! If you weren’t going too fast to make that last curv^ in the road you should be approaching the little burg of Independence, once a favorite camping ground of the Indians; but we aren’t Indians. Straight on through the town we go, but take it easy; they have a night watchman who works 24 hours a day. Several miles out of town and m a very out-of-the-way place a single railroad track crosses the road. Watch out for trains; they run at least two fast freights per week. Because of the location of this scenic spot, it will be necessary for you to park along the road and walk up the track to your right. Finally Got Here! In the second gorge you will discover Kickapoo (Indian derivation) Falls. Unless we are sorely mistaken, you will discover that it is just the spot that you have been looking for in this so-called barren country of ours. It’s not Niagara Falls by a good deal, but at least a little privacy IS possible. Did you ever get that ‘close to nature’ feeling? Well, it’s spots like these that are partly lesponsible for it. We aren’t trying to rush you off, but by way of concluding our description we would like to tell you a quicker way back. Your road intersects U. S. 41 a short distance ahead. Cross the Wabash on this road and into Attica. State Roads 26 and then 28 -will provide a quick route to Lafayette. Back Home Again In Indiana The round trip is approximately 60 miles; probably but little more than you would cover if you just started out for a ‘little drive.’ Driving time: Accurate predictions cannot be made!
CP
HOT I INK
SPRING FEVER
TLree gay new fingertip) oolora to Lumor your “get out of town” mood tkl# S|>rlng. Whimsy, nuld aa a May moming Pink, aun-rij[>ened |>roctuct of a aoutlteni’Winter... Spring Fever, Jive Uue-red—gay and glamoroua to tem^t romance... AU are designed to ligkt ujt Sl>iing’a favorite costume colors...AU eom^ in tkat famous Peggy Sage Poliak women aay “wears like iron.” SIXTY CENTS
T oiletries
Street Floor
Style Show Gives Preview Of What ToWear AtPram By Jean Ramsdell All the eds and co-eds who have been sitting in classes with pensive looks, wondering what to wear for that date of the year. Prom weekend, can put their minds at rest. The cast of “Sweethearts” came to their rescue by presenting a style show last night which solved all the problems. Sleepily entering to the m^ic of Irvan Maury’s band, BarbaraTChpton and Hugh Pogue modeled lounging pajamas. Jack Barlow and Peggy Howard wore typical campus clothes and Lois Simpson arid Frank Stenburg appeared in sports wear. The cocktail hour was represented by LaVeme Bans and John Zuck, and Corrine Reifers and Ted Rosenbrok displayed dinner attire. Last of all appeared the couple at the prom itself in the form of Nancy Cooper and Dick Dunham. The show was climaxed by the appearance of this year’s queen, Ruth Bennet. Following the show members of previous Varsity shows presented hit tunes from their shows and the leads from “Sweethearts” gave a brief preview accompanied by the chorus. Gordon Enders To Speak At SDX Meeting Tuesday Gordon Enders, Far East authority and former war correspondent during the Sino-Japanese conflict, will address Sigma Delta Chi, national professional journalistic fraternity, in an informal opening meeting Tuesday at 7:30 p. m. in the reception room of the Union. He will describe the obstacles against which the professional journalist must be prepared to contend. After this discussion, there will be a business meeting for Sigma Delta Chi member?. Final Call For Freshman And Varsity Tracksters Final call for freshman and varsity track aspirants was issued yesterday by freshman coach Homer Allen. According to Coach Allen, there is a good chance for men adept in track and field events to land a berth on the squad before the opening meet of the outdoor season with Michigan State April 13. There is also a need for freshmen^ track managers, and men interested in this acti-vity should report at the Stadium any afteimoon this week. Dolphin Club . . . men’s swimming honorary announces the electidri of the following oificers: Charles Siler, president; Fred Herr, -vice president; James Mecredy, secretary; Charles Meyer, treasurer; Richard Smith, assistant treasurer; and Richard Kratzer, sergeant-at-arms.
Art Chib WM Show 'Evoliifioo of Cartoon' Movie Wednesday How does Walt Disney assemble his animated cartoons? If you’re curious, you may find the answer to that question Wednesday evenirig at ^ the Union’s art club meeting. At this first meeting of this new grouF a movie, “The Evolution Of the Cartoon,” will be shovm. The meeting, which begins at 7:30 p. m. in the east faculty lounge ■will also feature a talk on culture by Prof. P. R. Eastwood of the physical education department. In addition to describing the making of animated cartoons, the movie "will include nine complete shorts, five of which have won Academy Awards for Walt Disney. The purpose of the art club, whose name is slightly misleading, is to show the inter-relationship between art and education, art and culture, and art and leisure. Art is spoken of here not as painting but in the general sense of human contrivance or ingenuity. To further these aims, the club Tvill promote forums, lectures, films, and exhibits, according to A. B. Clarke, Union ■vice-president im charge of the organization of the club. American Le^ Movie Scheduled For Tomorrow “Touching All Bases,” official motion picture of the American League, is to be sho^wn for students tomorrow at 7:30 p. m. in the lecture hall of the Electrical Engineering Building as a special feature of the coming “baseball week” on the campus, according to announcement by Coach Fehring. A Week Of War (Continued from page 1)
vide future soldiers for the army of France. • Claiming A Complete . . . victory over six attacking German planes, the British Admiralty announced that a British armed flying boat shot down one and possibly two Junker bombers in an attempted bombing raid over the North Sea last week. 'The two officers of the flying boat Sutherland were reported, but they brought the 25-ton craft to its base two himdred miles from the scene of the fight with only slight damage to the controls. The ship carried a crew of eight men. • Following Thieatened . . . intensification of the allied blockade of Germany, Nazi bombers repewed attacks last week on the British naval anchorage at Scapa Flow. The British Admiralty announced that no damage to British warships had been done, and that one German bomber did not return to its base. German dispatches said that the rpid had been carried out “successfully.”
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• School Supplies
• Professional
"DEAC* Everything for a College Education
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A.RBHC DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th a Main Phom 5701
• Florists
• Hardware
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Floweva Main at 7th Phone 6050
Outfitters tor Fraterrdtles and Sororities EDGERTOH HARDWARE 321 State St.* Phone 4354
• Locksmith
KEYS & LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches atuJ Mdlocks, Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
• Dairy Products
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUAUTY MttJC Phone 46214'U.%>]^^--v
PUBDUE EXPONENT
Sunday, ftpiiii ?' Id4i
With Today's
... paper we, the six junior editors, hand Over the reigns of publication to the sophomore staff so they can get the hang of things before elections. If, during the nine months that the paper has been in our hands we have misspelled your name and left the story “you just had to get in” for the next day’s staff or else buried it among the-notices, we can only say, “Well, those things do happen.” Now there will be a new set of faces behind the desk and a new set of make-ups in the paper. “On the ball sophomores, it’s all yours. Maybe you can show us how the paper shoud have been run.” And as a parting shot may we sky, “It sure was fun while it lasted.” — R.F.D., R.W.D., B.K-H., j>H.McK., M.L.M., J.C.W.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
ByUclity
“If we go back now we’ll just get a licking—if we wait tonight they’ll be so glad nothin’ happened to us they’ll just hug and kiss us.”
Notices
Eadio Club: Meeting postponed to Tuesday, April 9, at 7:30 in room 254 of the EE building.
G E 35: Bemoval of conditions Examination April 13. Make arranganents for taking the examination in room 109 before Friday, April 12. —OWEN.
Fnrdpe Christian Fonndation: Election of officers for next year will be held next Sunday, April 7. —BRAND.
ASME: Meeting Thursday, April 11, at 7:30 p. m., room 208, mechanical engineering building. Dr. R M. Buffington, physical chemist and research engineer of tte ^rvel Co. will speak on the “Engineering Principles of the Electrolux Refrigerating Unit.” Interesting demonstration apparatus. —VOYLES.
All Stndraits: Will those subscribers to Scriveners who did not receive their copy phone Metz, 8421, or Alexander, 2673. (4-11) —METZ.
Pi Tan Sigma: Please get catalogae cards from Jane Templeton in ME office. When card is return^ you will receive a copy of the Condenser. (4-8) —EIEERING. Agricnltaral Enginf'ring 11: An examination to remove conf.jAionS in Agricultural Engineering 11 (Mechanics of Agriculture) will be given Saturday, April 20. Come to room 106, old agricultural engineering building, to arrange for the examination. This asrrangement must be completed by April 18. —RICHEY, HUBLER.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE ORGANIZATION At Purdue University Announces a ' FREE LECTURE ON CHRISTIAN SCIENCE by JAMES G. ROWELL, C. S. B. of Kansas City Member of the Board of Lectureship of the Mother Church, the First Church of Christ, Scientist, in Boston, Mass. WEST FACULTY LOUNGE Purdue Memorial Union Monday, April 8, at 8:00 p. m. The Faculty, Students and their Friends are cordially invited to attend.
Bull Session
Westminster Students: Skating party Saturday, April 16, at 9 p.m. Come to house. All with cars please bring them. —OWENS. Sigma Delta Chi: Meeting Tuesday, April 9, at 7 :30 p. m. in the reception room of the Union. Gordon Enders will speak. A short business meeting will follow. —TERRIO. Co-ops: There will be a SCA board meeting in room ■ 302 of the Union, Tuesday, April 9, at 7 p. m. —BROWN.
All Co-eds: Co-eds interested in securing summer positions as counselors at Girl Scout camps are asked to apply at the Placement Service for Women at once. (4-7) —HOULTON.
Advance Course Students: Call at Adjutant’s office for your pay. (4-7) —WISEiOGEL.
Artists, Putterers, Playshop Members: Art work on Varsity Show is under way. Skilled workers are desired. Please call Bob Hettema or Jack Miller. (4-7) —HETTEMA.
Skull and Crescent: Meeting Tuesday, April 9, at 7 p. m. in room 236 of the Union. —BELLES.
Dear Bull: You’re quite a popular guy these days and just to make sure that your column has a slam at the prom committee on Sunday here is a letter. What was the matter with Irvan Maury, Paul Reedy and other campus bands? Why Bud Bryant would never have let George Hall slip in like that. Only one store in town had a record of George Hall and his orchestra — and it’s still there! ^ So the people in the East like him ? Maybe we had better move thfe prom out East, because we sure don’t care for him here in the middlewest. ' I’ll admit that half of the people are satisfied and half of them never satisfied when it comes to selecting a prom band. But this year, those that are satisfied are those that can’t go. —R.A.,’40. Alpha Zeta Banquet Will Honor Initiates Spring- initiates of Alpha Zeta, n a t i o n a 1 agricultural fraternity, will be honored at a banquet, attended by prominent alumni, Wed- , nesday in the home economics building. Harry J. Reed, Dean of the School of Agriculture and Director of the Experiment Station, will be initiated into associate membership by a council chosen from the visiting alumni. Assisting in the ceremony and serving as principal speaker of the evening will be Mr. John Cunningham, co-foimder of the fraternity and Dean of the School of Agriculture at Ohio State University. Dean Cunningham’s address will bring to the University the spirit which prompted the founders of the organization in 1897, and will make the meeting a highlight in the history of the University chapter.
But
Incidentally
By Romanoff We caught a little man running aroimd pur office the other day waving a data sheet entitled “Woman Winding Coil.” ) He’d heard a lot about Purdue co-eds .and how they are put together, but this freak coil had him by the ears ... He had visions of a Frankensteinish woman after she had been wound by his Woman-Winding coil , . : He also had visions of the woman unwinding but all he could do was mutter something about “Wind her up tighter ...” All his pretty illusions were shattered when he found out the coil had no such wonderful powers but was merely an ordinary coil bein^, wound by a woman and under the scrutiny of a class in time-study. .,***' . Another popular engineering misconception is the phrase in the EE books about “vicious sparking.” We’ve known people with twisted minds who would probably link this lyith certain extra-curricular activities that keep housemothers gray. SH For three years we’ve walked by the old Varsity Shoe Store-in the village ... For three years we’ve always looked earnestly in
i*urdue Exponent
1C. E.
Bnalnew Mwuigw
W. E. Smith ...I
D. G. Terrio, ^itorial director; G. W. Frederick, mstiaKing editor;;^ M.'Antoniiii,-senior advertising manai'er; G. SchlUing, eo-ed editor ; B. Jenkins, sports editor. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038;
Sports 2792
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act. of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate'of postage provided for In section 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published dsuly except Monday during; the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail sub-
scription $3.60.
Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives. 420 Madison Avc, New York, N. T. . All unsigned editorials are written by the editorial director. '
Night Editor, Heiple Issue Editor, Traugott Day Editor, SimpsCn Sunday, April 7, ,1940
the window . . . not to see the shoes but to see ourselves in the big mirror ... along with the other heels. For the last two months we’ve wondered why we always got the impression that our hair was messed up after looking in said window . . . Yesterday we slowed up enough to notice that the store had changed hands, the mirror was gone, and we had been admiring a bundle of shoe strings with fuzzy tassles instead of our o-wn intimate coiffure ...
It’s a shame too, ’cause it costs money to set this stuff; —B&B— We might as well start with the contribs—here they are: —B&B— Cute, wasn’t it?
The Sig Eps add another member to their pin pusher’s club. Jim Chase is the lad. The lucky girl was a lass from the ole home town. We don’t complain though because it cuts the ratio down to 499.999 to 1. —B & B— Even the Bootnose ain’t got nothin’ to say today. —B & B— Some, one mentioned today that we should pity the prom committee rather than blame them—after all they HAVE to go to prom. —B & B— Five places to eat in the Union and yet we see a half-a-dozen sit-
ting in the main lounge eating a store-bought lunch. ^B&B— , The little lad who had t* buy a new tux for prom won’t have to worry about buying that white coat and leather jacket now bein^ as the prom will be “winter formal.” (We wouldn’t advise red flannels though, regardless of the change). —B & B— It could be worth a Mars pass.
Sul Ross State Teachers College (Alpine, Tex.) has dropped intercollegiate football from its sports program.
Classified
FOR SALE
FOR SALE—^Type-writer*. AU ■tandard and poptobie, sold, purchased, ranted and repaired. Nev port^le machines us lew as $29.76. Snpidles. C. F. Ebershefl, 606 Main street. FOR SALE—1936 Ford Deluxe Sport Phaeton. L. Berg, 112 East Oak St., W. L.
FOR RENT Raae—ReninA-Car Service. Can for all ofcaalaas. Min. tt.M all night. Phone 71044.
LOST AND POUIID Lost: Monday—Slide rule with name of “Charles Schaefer” on it. Finder call 66863. Reward.
Lost: Pair of plastic rimmed glasses in Union, Wednesday, April 3. Reward. Call Rothrock. 46964.
Lost: Keep Saunders-Creek but please return mechanical laboratory no-tebook. I need it. Phone Bob. 2220.
All baseball supplies, baseballs from 10 cents to $2.00, hundreds of bats for your selection, baseball gloves of cdl kinds. DEACS Headquoiiers for tennis rackets,^soft bolls and all athletic equipment.
Chi Epsilon: Meeting at 7 p. m. before the ASCE meeting Tuesday, April 9, in the Civil Engineering reading room. —CORNELL.
Union Workers: Workers on my staff report Monday, April 8, at 4 p. m. in Union office. —HAMMAN.
Kappa Delti Pi; Regular meeting Tuesday, April 9, at 7 p. m. in room 237 of the Union. ,—INCE.
Varsity Show Ticket Sellers: Bring tickets to Fowler Hall. —LUEDKA.
U. S. Govt. Graded Beef H (^WdOfL /iefa. M
Compare your present canned good prices with our summer purchased BIRDSEYE prices on the following Fruits and Vegetables
PEAS BROCCOU ASPARAGUS CAULIFLOWER CORN SPINACH LIMA BEANS SQUASH
PEACHES
STRAWBERRIES BLUEBERRIES RASPBERRIES
FROZEN BIRDSEYE VEGETABLES
UFAYEUE FOOD LOCKERS
5355
PHONES
2971