/
A '■ '■
(7
OKio Stafe 21, Michigan 7 Notre Dante 27, Morth'rn 20 Wisconsin 20, Minnesota 6
Established 1889 I
Gmatj ^ jJl! V 'I ■ ' ' / ; ^. AUl(umn, Qeot§H If ^ Jg / ^my - 40, - Princeton I ; 5 7 ■ : ■ ^-f -i
Yoliime 55, Nq, 50
Purdue Urtiversify, West Lafayetfe, Indiana
Sunday, Ndvember 22, 1942
■ ss
.Game, 20"0 McKinnis, White Romp Over Boilermakers
STARTING LINEUPS
PURDUE
Pos
INDIANA
McCaffry
..LE.:
Walker
Warren
LT......
Zimny
Barwegen
...LG.......
Brown
Hurle
c
Tackett
Ruggieri
......r;:]RG.......
Deal
Stoelting
Rf
Bell
Smerke (AC)
...RE
Pihos
Hajzyk
QB
L. Saban
Smock
LH. ...
Hillenbrand
Andretich
RH
...: Doloway
Buffington
FB..
White (C)
Bill' Buffington, Riveter fullback, plows his way into the Hoosier secondary for a short gain early in the action of yesterday's struggle for the Old Oaken Bucket. Earl Doloway and Lou Saban, who both turned in outstanding performances, are bringing down the ball carrier. Also visible in the picture are Dick Barwegan, Boilermaker guard, number 55 at the right, and Kenny Smock and Ott Hurrie, number 41, in the left side of the picture. •
Orchestra Changes Tithe From Afternoon 'To Evening
,The St. Louis Symphony Orchestra, honductfed'-liy Vladimii’ Golschmann, will be featured on the program of a regularly scheduled University convocation to be held in the Music Hall next Sunday, November 29, at 8 :30 p. m. After appearing as guest conductor of the orchestra in 1931, Golschmann was engaged as permanent conductor and has developed the organization In- — ' .—-
to one of the foremost symphony orchestras in the country. The 87-piece orchestra makes more than dO appearances each season in St. Louis or on extensive toui’.s, and its record of 60 years of continuous symphony concerts is exceeded only by the
ny Plays Here Next Sunday
Swimmers Present Giant Aquacade December 4/ 5
Cattle Feeders' Day
By Jim Ackerman
Highlighting the fall parade of sport spectacles, Dick Papenguth’s annual Aquacade will this year “set the campus on its ears” as it brings to the University one of the most versatile
of swimming performances ever seen in these parts. The Aqua- activities honorary, announced the C^de, which’ will come .forth on the evenings of December 4 pledges for this semester, at a reghnd 5’ ca,n be seen by the purchase of a ticket for 50c at either mixer. They are: Sally
the tickdt office of the L'ield- ——— ^ ——
Gold Peppers
Announce Pledges Last Friday night, Gold Peppers,
Beall, Charlotte Hass, Jeanne Lauer, Trena Torrenga, Exponent; Dorothy Ragsdale, Lucy Chaminade, Mary Lee Hyde, Jean Yahres, Debris; Mary Katherine Gee, Marian Seigler, Betty Hutchins, Ginny Lee
Big Ten Standings
:W.
Ohio State 5
The convocation was originally scheduled for 3 p. m. in the after-
house or from ariy Dolphin squad.
Oyer three hundred farmert, from QJub member Women Will Show Wares all parts of the state attended the _ . ‘ , ' , Beautiful damsels will also demcattle feeders’ day program which Keynoting the spectacle, ac- onstrate what they can do in a
was held Friday at the University cording to Coach and Master swimming pool, as the Triton club MacDonald, "'Ruth Frier, Union'* Wisconsin 4 fai™- ■ of Ceremonies Dick Papepguth will come forth with two ballets in Glatz, Activities ' Bureau; ..3 P. 0. Wilson of the National Live- will be the various comedy novelties the evening performances. To sup- Elizabeth Baughman, WAA; Car- ^owa 3
and other specialties with a couple plement the women’s angle in the M^ood, WBAA, Playshop; Dor- Minnesota , 3 at the gen- races thrown in. In times like show, there will be the extra added Cornthwaite, Mabel Vaughn,' Michigan 2
AWS; Jane Packard, YWCA; and Indiana 2
stock Producers’ Association was
the principal speaker
noon, but the time was changed to eral session held in the judging these, a few laughs set forth a little 8:30 p. m. at the request of the or- pavilion. The remainder of the day happiness on the world and this is
attraction of Patty Aspinall, champion women breaststroker, who
chestra. This shift was necessary was devoted to a tour of the ca,ttle the objects of this year’s wilU demonstrate the finer'arts of
lime transportation feeding experiments which are now ^how. ' being started at the University. Another meeting will be held next World s Record At Stake
spring in order that the farmers Representing one of the races and
because
facilities will prevent the orchestra from reaching here in time to ap-
pear in the afternoon.
swimming.
Besides the above there will be one comedy act after another with three of the Riveter divers partak-
Barbara Heide, Musical Organiza-
tions.
This honorary selects junior coeds on the basis of leadership in campus activties and scholarship, a collective index of at least' 4.00
Yesterday's Results Michigan state 7, W, Virginia 0.
Yale 7, Harvard 3.
Arkansas 14, Detroit 7. Penn State I I,'Pittsburgh 6. Holy Cross 28, Manhattan 0.
Philharmonic-Symphony Orchestra Thompson, Clinton, was of New York. elected president of the State CatBegins Early tie Feeders’ Association and Guy Golschmann began his musical ca- Wilson, Kokomo, was Selected to reer'at an early age and was scarce- fill the vice-president’s job.
ly out of'his teens when he toured this country as the concertmaster of a French orchestra. After the war, his fame spread throughout Eui’ope and'Di'. Walter Damfosch brought him-to America, for two consecutive seasons as guest conductor of the New York Philharmonic-Symphony. On one occasion he voplaced Arthur Toscanini when the latter was foi'ced tci retire in mid-season be-
cau.se of illness.
He has appeared as guest conductor throughout Europe in such places as Madrid, Lisbon, Bucharest, Brussels, Oslo and Edinburgh. Ho lias also appeared with the Philadelphia,’ Detroit, Gleveland and Rochester symphony orchestras and durihg the summer of 1937 he conducted stadium concerts in New York and in the Hollywood Bowl.
Wins Acclaim
Although he achieved recognition thrbugh direction of modern music, Golschmann has expanded his music abilities to cover other periods of inusic. Andre Coeliiuy, French music critic, declares him to be “the most complete conductor of our
tipie”.
Admission to the concert will be by passport, season tickets oi' single admission tickets which can be purvchased at the door for j;he price of $1 plus tax. y. ■
may Observe the results of the dif- probably the most excitmg event Following the anferent feeding experiments now be- on the mght s program, e.spee.ally prankish acts nouncement of the pledges, a recep'"8- started. . for those primarily unterested ^ the high .springboard are tion was held in the Old Chestnut
swimming, will be Roy Heidke s at- Herm Bower, Louis Ware and Wally Room for the actives, pledges and Mary Odell, Beth Ludberg, Schrick- the next play, but Indiana stiffened
(See AQUACADE, page 4) chaperons.
By Bob Hadley, Exponent Sports Editor Exhibiting a smoothly operating running attack that clicked even in the face of the juicy conditions underfoot, the Indiana Hoqsiers yesterday slashed and slithered their way to a 20-0 victory over the Boilermakers. The game, played before a shivering crowd of 20,000, marked the third straight triumph for the Hoosiers, and gives them another year’s lease on the
“Old Oaken Bucket”.
Throughout the game the Boilermakers put up a spirited defense, fighting for every inch of mud that separated them
from their goal. But all they coqld do was not enough to stop the drives of Hillenbi'and, McKinnis and White, who time and again, shielded by superb blocking, broke away for long runs. Sophomore Center Otto Hurrie came up from his linebacking position to get in on nearly every tackle made by the Riveters, and Walt Cook and Bill Buffington also sparkled in stopping Crimson
advances.
Make 16 First Downs
Indiana wasted little time on
aerial warfare, tossing only four forwards and connecting on none, but via the overland route they garnered some 16 first downs and 295 yards from scrimmage, while the Boilermakers were collecting six first downs and 83 yards from rush-
ing and 14 through the air. Opening the game, Warr en kicked
off for the Boilermakers, the ball skidding crazily off to the side and being covered on the Indiana 45yard line by the Crimson. Qn the second line play, Hoosier Captain Bob White fumbled and Hajzyk recovered for the Gold and Black. Drives by Smock and Buffington failed to advance the ball and Haj.833 zyk kicked out of bounds on the In.800 diana 37. Hillenbrand and Doloway .600 failed to register appreciable gains .600 and Doloway got away a beautiful .500 high kick that was downed on the .500 Riveter 20. At this point the Boiler.600 makers, sparked by Buffington, ,200 started to roll, carrying the ball up .000 to the Riveter 46, where the Crimson held, and Smock kicked out on the, Indiana 28. White and Hillenbrand reeled off a first down, but a holding penalty backed them up and Doloway got away a long quick kick to the Boilermaker 14ryard line. Smock dashed away for 13 yards on
Phil|i|>s Honored Ai National Meet East Lansing, Michigan, Nov.
21 — Hermon Phillips, Riveter cross county mentor, was elected, president of the National Collegiate Cross Country Coaches’ Assciation here during today’s
session.
In the national meet this afternoon, the Boilermakers placed eighth with 160 points. Indiana and Penn State tied for first
place.
Announcements Senior announcehients will be
on sale tomorrow (Monday) in the three book stores and in the
senate office.
There are three different kinds: white leather formal invitations for 40c, white cardboard invitations for 20c, and plain announce-
ment for 5c.
Pm’due Northwestern
0
Pet
De/ta Rho Kappa
. . . science scholastic honorary, announces the pledging of the fol-
tempt to crack the World record, in the breast strode officially. Already Heidke has broken the record unofficially, but now as added attraction he will try to make it official. The other race for the evening’s “three ring circus” will be either a two hundred yard relay or a medley relay. One night orie race will be held and the other evening the otlier race will be held, with the frosh team opposing the varsity
rey Anton, Robert L. Weiss.
Ensign Woodward Directs Expanded New
Boilermaker Net Schedule
Encountering the recent action-
as the quarter ended.
Smock Kicks To Hillenbrand Smock got off a low kick to Hillen-
brand who ran it back to the Indiana 49, opening the second quarter. Here the Indiana machine shifted into high, with Hillenbrand and Doloway blasting their way down to a first down on the 13. Three more plays moved the ball down to within six inches of a first down, as Hurrie and Ruggieri dropped Hillenbrand on the 3-yard line. At this point
Dec. 10Dec. 12Dec. 14Dec. 19Dec. 21Jan. 1Jati. 4.lan. 9Jan. 11Jan. 16-
-WabasH at Purdue;!
-Purdue at DePaul (Chicago).
-Butler at Purdue.
-Purdue at Notre Dame. -Washington U. at Purdue.
-Purdue at Toledo
-Great Lakes at Purdue. -Minnesota at Purdue. -Minnesota at Purdue.
-Purdue at Iowa.
.Tan Jan
Jan. 25 Jan. 30 Feb. 6. Feb. 8Feb. IS-
IS—Purdue at Iowa.
23—Ohio State at Purdue.
■Ohio State at Purdue. Purdue at Indiana.
Purdue at Northwestern.
Wisconsin at Purdue.
Purdue at Great Lakes.
Feb. 20Feb. 22Mar. 1-
-Purdue at Illinois. -Purdue at Illinois. -Indiana at jPurdue.
by the Bureau of Naval Personnel swimming, cross-country, and other petitive sports, which saw sections either Hillenbrand tried to catch the in Washington, which has invoked competitive sports. of 25 men competing against each Riveters off guard or he was cona new physical fitness program of A “Learn to Swim” program was other, will be reduced to a minimum, fused by an erring scoreboard, beone hour per day for all navy train- inaugurated recently for those en- Now, road work, vigorous indiyid- cause he flipped a flat pass on the ees, the Naval Electricians’ Train- tering the training school who could ual exercises, and regular physical goal line, intended for Saban, which ing School, located here, is facing not swim. Not only the swimming finess tests, will keynote the pro- missed its mark and the Boilermaka change in its present athletic pro- pool, but other University physical granfi. ers took over. Smock kicked out to
education facilities have been used Since the Navy training program Hillenbrand, who was dropped on Since the opening of the unit, in the program. Ensign Woodward has been boosted to a 44-hour week, the 32.
housed in Cary Hall, and attending explained that one of the reasons the personnel’s liberty has been cut Indiana headed goalward again classes in the Fieldhouse, Physics, for the somewhat mediocre march- to a minimum over week-ends and with Hiigh McKinnis, colored fullami EE Buildings, the first of the ing abilities of the navy men here the additional athletic program will back, smashing? his way oyer the summer semester, the trainees have was the fact that no time had been keep the men busy practically all goal from the 2-yard line to score, been subjected to early-morning allotted for instructions, in foot of the time. Tests on ruggedness Saban’s kick wandered off to the left calisthentics. In addition to these drill. The Purdue Navy school is will be given on entrance into the and the score was 6-0 as the end siini’ise exercises, from 5:55 to primarily for the training of tech- school, at the end of eight weeks, of the second quarter neared.
6:20 a. ni., several free periods dur- nicians, and in the past no time was and before graduation (16 weeks). Cowan Intercepts
ing the week have been utilized given for this sort of work. Ensign Woodward is not only Saban-kicked off to the Boilerfor marching drills and sports. Un- The new order of the Bureau has confronted with the successful map- makers and Buffington ran the ball der the old setup, these have, by changed things. Training schedules ping out of the new curriculum, but to the 28. Ahdretich dropped back necessity, been taken froYn the sail- at the end of the week have been he is also bothered with the lack of to pass and hurled a long spiral deep ors’ free time. altered to work in thl^ compulsory suitable space for the training, to McCaffry, biit the ball fell a li|:Ensign WoodAvard Directs Program physical fitness training, along with. Present PE 12 classes in the Field- tie short into the waiting arms of Every Friday afternoon has see the added primary training in sea- house limit the navy to space and halfback Bob Cowan of Indiana, as
the personnel, under the direction manship set up for the trainees. with the coming of winter, a direct the half ended. ■
of Ensign Woodward and Chief Body-Building Chief Function shortage of housing iSi expected. No , Wari-en,'opened the second half Specialists Vidoni and Nocera, en- Body-building will be the chief statement has been made as to pro- with a long kick to Doloway, who gage in softball, touch-football, function of the new program. Com- posed adjustments, however. (See (SAME STOEY, i>a.ge 4)I
INt^^
PlirduB Exponent Sunday, November 22, 1942
Purdue Exponent
Offices t Ediforlat And Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Mone 2792 Editorial Phone After .1 O p.-m., 5377
Eflllor-in-CIiiof, ,.... Nt‘ws Kcllt'or jVlanncirK Editor , Spnrts Editor liusinoRS Manager Coed Editor
John F. Amos Don T. Brophy ..John H. Armstronff RrHert ?,. WrsdJev Ken K. Gicmre .-. .....Alice Chttilield
Publication Staff
Associate Edltorfi
Editorial Staff: D. W. Ochcilme, A. P. Hunter, W. E. Rafert, i). K. Piii’z, \V, (5. Hoskins, ^R. W. Boswinkle, K. RoQuemore, .S. Wolf. ' • . • • . • , . Spvrts Sfaff: D. E. Brewer, .1. S. Dawson, D. Shryer, C.
\h-.
Crtd Staff: Sally Re.all. Charlotte Hass, Jean leaner, Elaine
Business Staff
Cr.rd Husincr.s Manager: Julia Martin. Adverti.sing Managers: J. M. WrigHt, D. L. Johnson, J. Petty. ( irculation Manager: G. H. Klouman. ' unts .Manager: Trena Torrenga. • Junior ('oed Managers: Ellen Ch'rk..J'’ne Keim.
The Purdue Independent
Ed t'.r-in-Chiff . . Managing Editor Husiness Manager . ., Cord Editor .Advertising Manager.. Accounts itlanager., ( ircLiIntian Manager..
Dave Barta .. Ed Humphrey Elwin Welbaum ... Roberta Kessler Scott Brown George Paine ..Harold Hendricks
Staff Fot This Issue
Edi'cr: Dawson oerts Editor: Smith
Di% Editor: Holland Issue Editor: Ackerman
r.rportcrs: W’alson, Hopkins, Brucalo, Kreiger, Wilbur.
:t1‘ r-
linli.n :-l ihr
second class matter at the post office in Lafay- .. un(i(.r the act of Congi-ess of March 11, 1879. sjM^cial rate of postage provided for in aection October J, 10.17,. authorized January 20, 1922. Tu. -sday, Thursday, Friday and Sunday mornings. lar. Delivered locally l.y currier for $1.75 for-ii •Vo.00 for two semesters; by mail for $2.00 for a *:>..7o for two semesters. ■■ster; mailed .subscription $1.50. (1 for national advertising by National Advertise loe.. Coil'>ge Publishers Kepre.sentalives, 420 .. Nt-w York, N. YE
Bmi’t Think,
■list SLUG
Part of the Lafayette police force clemonI'akd itfv mental acuteness and brain power •ly adequately Friday night following the ■]) Bc.'^non. One of them has the high spirits the a.s.sembled crowd of students and townsto thank, that he didn’t land in the WaII oi'some similar place to. cool olf. '! lie hloty of his little exploit is quite inter-
esting,:.
Fuilmving the drowning of Mi.ss Indiana, the a. -em bled crowd, in a quite jovial mood, derid', d to vi.sit the local theatres. Some of them mm chod through the New Main and the Luna v.lmi'e tl'.ey interfered somewhat with the or(icr of bii.sines.s but did no serious damage*, Oilim'S started to do the .same thing at the They were faced with a ring of police
pfdi tidy barring the way. skt the Lafayette, no policemen barred the •.va.y. However, when someone opened the fioui', one of the brave and fearless cops hidjii.'V behind it popped out and pounded his club on tile nearest head. It is hardly necessary to I that the student’s forehead was a rather ,! i-uosome mess. We've .seen near riots between police and : trikers half a dozen times but we’ve never : ocMqiolice deliberately slug a man like that, d.n ! tho.se Were times when a mob was really m ."ry and eager to destroy property mali(i'jusly. in addition to his action being entirely undef( iiciable and showing a complete lack of common sense, it is surprising that it failed to ineiW a riot. It is an old American custom to for-.antly back an underdog again.st a well . a.rmed opponent. , , Vv'hile we feel that a person of this type is liai’dly competent as a policeman, but would serve batter being brutal to the Japs in the commando troups, what we would like to know L; liow he can justify in his own mind such needless brutality.
brisigryF. W. Greve . . . IL iS. Navy, West Lafayette, ■who left the Univfj. iiy ill .June, 1940, to enlist a.s a naval aviation ( vv:is reported killed in an. accident while stall "mI at I'eiisacola, h'la. He was serving as instrucKii- ior advanced, navy flight training there. l. iide attending the University, Greve was a ineiii-. ! : :■ of Sigina Alpha Epsilon, social fraternity, and .■ (-I a;- 1)1 e.sident of tlie Flying Club during his soph-
'.yjtca ;G<.;wii al Jiir.my Doolittle, of the Tokyo raid d eoiiiiiiander of the AA.F in North Africa, was :e ill May, 1940, to address the annual Flying Club ’.(jnel, it wa.s Creve who entertained the flyer and : o liif (.'.i him to the club.
Lr,
A. W. KeHler
... 1911 graduate pf the University, recently re- (. iyid hi.-, silver wing.s in aerial aviation at Brooks FieM, Texas. . \'.'lien Eetiler was in school at the University he was a oiemb' r of Higrna Chi fraternity and footljall manays.r of the team during his senior year.
Captaiei Arthur Meltzer ... a foi'iiHU' student of the University, was i-e-e^ ally advanced to hi.s new rank as captain in the Army Air Foi'ce. lie received his officer’fj training at Officers’ Trainin," .Schoid, Miami Beach, Fla., and is on duty at the present time with ihe 840th school squadron at the world's largest navigation school in Rondo, Tex,
mmm Tm R»9 U 5 Nt Ort Merry-GO-ROUMD
By DREW PEARSON Leading Republicans Start To Boost Govei^nor Bricker Of Ohio For President
WASHINGTON—Without any fanfai-e, a very quiet boom has been started by leading Republicans to groom Gov. .John Bricker of Ohio as presidential candidate in 1944. Senator Taft gave it away the other day when he told a SenatoriaL colleague that he would not be a candidate for the presidency in 1944, as he was in 1940. - “Bricker, stepped aside for me in ’40,” Taft said. “He let me have my chance. Now it’s my turn to step aside for him. ' , “Besides,” he added, “I like my job here in the Serir ate, and it costs a lot of money to run for the Republican nomination.” It is also reported that Herbert Hoover and certain others from the conservative wing of the party are quietly behind Bricker. Their idea is that if the GOP avoids too much knock-down bitterness at the convention, and selects a man who appeals to all groups within the party, the 1944 race will be a walk-away. The Hoover crowd is especially anxious to head off Willkie. They also seem convinced that Dewey means what he says when he promises to remain governor of New York. This leaves Senator Vandenberg of Michigan as the leading opponent to Bricker in the conservative wing of the party. Present plan is to avoid bringing Bricker forward as a last minute compromise a la Warren G. Harding. Bicker is sometimes described as a Harding without a sombrero, has a pleasant, personality, has not offended too many people, and has not stuck his neck out too far on controversial policies., • Senafor Norris Retires Spry Senator Norris of Nebraska has been flooded with all kinds of offers to take jobs, write a newspaper column, pen his memoirs. However, he has not been receptive to any of them—^not even suggestions that he sit on the Supreme Court. The other day when Nebraska newspaper queried him on a repoi’t that the President would appoint him to Jimmy Byrnes’ vacancy, Norris dismissed the idea as a pipedream. “The only thing I have decided to do is g;o back to Nebraska,” he tells friends. “My job-here is done.” Norri^ has been receiving so much mail that he can’t answer it. He has read every letter caiefully, and they touch him deply. “I wish I could answer them all,” he says. “They should be answered, each one of them, individually. And I am afraid these good people will have their feelings hurt when I don’t. But it would take me months and months to do them justice.” Asked why he doesn’t write his memoir.s, Norris tells the story of a poverty-stricken manservant who for years could not afl'ord to smoke. Finally, he came into a little money and was asked whether he didn’t want a pipe. He replied : “Too many boys are smoking now. A man doesn’t smoke anymore.” “That’s the way I feel about my memoii's,” says' Norris. “Everybody’s written them, and a man doesn’t wi'ite’em anymore.” “Besides,” he adds, “if I wrote my memoirs I would want to write about my boyhood. That is the happiest time in a man’s life. But I’m afraid writing about it wouldn’t interest anyone but mo.” • War Picture Diplomatic dispatches received here indicate that Russia is already feeling material relief as a result of the North Af rican campaign. It is well known that the Germans have withdrawn men and planes. irom the Russian front, but it’is not generally known rhat they have taken planes also from Norway. These include Nazi torpedo planes, which Vrlll be based on Sicily for use against United Nations shipping in the Mediterranean. Thus the planes will not be used against shipping bound over the top of Norway for the Russian port of Murmansk. In other words, the Russians now have a less dangerous supply route. Diciiy is bound to become a battlefield, and the narI'ow straits between that island at the too of the Italian boot and Tunisia, on the African shore, will see the hottest air activity 'of The war. U. S. planes will be running, every hour almost on the hour, across the lOO-mile strait to Sicily, to bomb the German and Italian fields and forces there, and the Germans in turri will bomb back. The distance is so short that a single plane could make two or three round trips a day, without even stopping to refuel. • Vital Air Neck It will be the hottest .sihuttle service in the history of warfare. 'Whoever has control of the air in that narrow passage will have control of the shipping that attempts to pass to the eastern .Mediterranean. And the United Nations will fight for that control as a means of supplying the Middle East and keeping the routes open through the Suez Conal.r - This fight cannot be settled soon. The early stages of the African campaign have gone with blitz speed, but the next stages must wajt for the slow preparation' of'airfields on the North African coast, and the • bringing up of vast stores of supplies. In short, the American public miist get adjusted to a slower pAie in that theater of war, from now on. Note: War planners in Washington are chortling over the fact that the Germans entirely misjudged the objective of the gi eat United Nations armada. When the ships approached Gibraltar, tlie Germans had no idea the objective was Morocco, but thought it was Crete instead. ’ , • Woman in Draft Selective Service officials have said nothing about it, but recently they discovered that—a woman had been registered for the draft. She explained the situation as follows: “I have posed as a man for years. It is the only way I can suppoi't a mother and several younger brothers and sisters. I work in a war plant and make good wages. Therefore, I had to legister for the draft to keej) my job, and to keep my sex from being known.” A tall, raw-boned individual who could easily pass a.s a man, she went on to say, casually, that she would kill herself if her secret were exposed. The chairman investigated, found the stoiy to l)e true. However, he v/as in a quandry about what to do. Finally, after contacting State officials and natio.nal headquarters, a deal wasjmade with the staff doctoi' of the local hoard whereby the woman draft registrant was pronounced “physically di.sabled” and reclassified in 4-F. (Copyright, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
University Calendar Week of November 22-28
Monday, November 23
Gomra. on State of University.......;..Rodm 263, Union . Reamer Club Meeting .....i.Roopi 304, Union ' Arner. Chemical Soc. Meeting .......Room 201, Goiilter Hall PIA Dance Class L..^.South Ballroom, Union
Tuesday, November 24
Kiwanis Club Football Banquet........North Ballroom, Union Silver Mask ' Meeting....... Rooni 302, Union Alpha Phi Omega Meeting ...Room 304, Union Speech 14 Convocation; ....../...Eliza Fowler Hall Christian Science Organization Room 303, Union Graduate Dames Club Bast Faculty Lge., Union
Wednesday, November 25
Varsity Christian Fellowship.... Room .307, Union Marriage Course .....l ...Rms 302 & 304, Union U. S. 0. Danea;.. ..........Memorial Gymnasium
Thursday, November 26 THANESGIVING DAY • .
Friday, November’27
4:00 P.M. 8:00 P.M. 8:30 P.M.
PENALTY DA-Y Cosmopoliian Club Meeting... Cosniopolitan Club Initiation. Cary Club Dinner Dan.ep
.....Room 304, Union . West Eaeully Lge, Union .....North Ballroom. Union
“Mama says I’m too young to think about love—but actually it’s a much easier subject than alegbra and civics.” ,
Sa'S'iji'day, November 28
Ptoblems For Fun
3:00 P.M. 3:00 P.M. 8:.30 P.M.
Tea Dance for Sailors... Defense Tea Thanksgiving Ball
...Women’s Residence Halls. ....East Faculty Lg^e, Union ...No. & So. Ballrms, Union-
To facilitate their consideration, solutions should be submitted on separate signed sheets, within one week after the posting of the problem. Include with each solution a signed statement that the solution was obtained unas.sisted. Solutions are to he handed in at the Mathematics Office.
B U Y W A
BO N D S
be coveredwith pennies in such a way that no space large enough for another penny remains. The player who is able to place the last penny on the table wins. If A plays first, prove that no matter how B plays, A can he sure of winning, provided that he plays correctly.
SCOBEE’S
Your fainsly .and friends want it—fiusities.s often demands it— so have that new porll-ail made today, l^ie few minutes required will ho well spent. PHONE 2343 10.7 NORTHWESTERN AVE.
Rcniark.s on Froblem 10
PROBLEM 11: Here are the rules of a game, played with pennies on a large circular table : A and B in turn place pennies on the tab'e. Tito pennies need not touch e:ich other, and a penny may be placed anywhere on the tabic-, so long as it does not extend over the edge or cjverlnp a penny already on the table. Once placed, a penny may not be moved. In time, the table wit!
The required area i.s ounroximai.ely 1 G,(>34 .sq. ;ft. This ansvver is obtained by dividing tl'iO ;irea into several plane are;!.:-; mid working with these simpler areas. Nothing more tiian trigonometry i.s needed for the solution of this problem. This iiroblem can also be solved-by means of Analytical Geometry, or the Integral Calculus.'
ii4'* ■ Sunday, November 22, i942
Boilermaker Sports
Pd^S
Lambert Starts Twenty-Sixth Year As Net Coach
All-Americans Feature Lambert Teams Of Past Oh Decemljer 10 of this year, Varsity Basl«^ball Coach Ward “Piggy” Lambert will unveil his 26th annim edition of the Boilermaker basketball team. This year’s sQuad will come into, the limelight with many impressive traditions to uphold and defend. His teams of the past hold the best won-anti=tesl^ I'ecord of ahy team in the Big Ten. They have made the slogan, “W)ien in doubt, pick Purdue”, the watchword for all basketball prognosticators. This is due to the fact that his boys have copped 11 conference titles - - — since he first took over the
reins in 1916.
Another characteristic of
Lambert’s netters is a greater-than-average supply of players who garner All-American recognition. He ha-s also tutored nine Western Conference individual scoriijg champions during his stay here.
The first of his charges to attain
an All-American rating was Stretch Murphy, Mvho played the role of mister six and one half by one on the 1929 team. Dui’ing this season, Murphy’s junior year, he tallied 146 points to set a new Big Ten scoring mark. “Stretch” was named to similar honors in his senior year even though he fell, below his scoping
mark of the previous season. Wooden Honored Three Times Another All-American on the 1930
squad was Johnny Wooden, then a sophomore. This 1930 team ran up the enviods total of 10 wins against no defeats in conference play. All five starters from this squad were named to most all-conference teams that 1 year. Another among this teanife ’ accomplishments was the
lumdng up "of 38.3 points pel game Al Menko, third edition of whiM holding their opponents to 21.5 Huntingburg Menkes, will marl^erg per encounter. , i r' it l. j./ i. i Tu nr 1 .<•. ead Coach Lamberts basket-
This same Johnny Wooden fur-
n».st;ied the AlLAmerican material bailers this season. Menke was for'|he next, two years, his junior elected co-captain along with and |eniqr.. The 1931 team boasted^ Bob Riley al the end of last
of a record bfTiglit credits and foui debits whep^l;hie season drew to a elosi^. l|0weyei% they were outdone by the 193^ squad which took 11 confpreri^i^ictories while dropping
liut A single.decision. Ten^W Two In 1934
1981 .saw a ball club which ended its conference campaign with 10 vict^ies iMid two lo.sses. Thi.s team avorkgedf 42.7 point.s per game while holding their competition to 27'points each time out. Tliose nettors,were not lacking their individual star when Noun Cottom turned up after the season’s finale with All-Amencan honois and the Big Ten scoring diadem with 119
points.
Another star cicpt over the hardwood horizon when Bob Kessler attained All-American in 193C by per-
season, but he will reign alone since Riley's departure for the armed services. sonally .scoring 100 tallies. They aveiaged 42 points each appearance on the floor, while their opponents wote foicod to come away with but 30. Came 1938, and .Icwell Young. This year the team gathered in 10 wins to two losses and a conference Clown. Young did himself proud by lacking up 184 points and a new individual scoiing maik. Young’s thiee season mark ol 466 points still stands lor someone to shoot at. Foi 10=11 “Fiosty” Sprowl became the latent addition to the Purdue Hall of Fame when he entered its portals last year.
llIE ANSWER lo yonr
LAUNDRY PROBLEM B.idir’i /• t.cn.iidry Soivicc, .7 lb', fot 84,7 plus 2Sc pa lb. foi all OKr S lbs. 10% (U'.coNti! oil all l<^ulltl.^ left at our FFcsl S/dr office.
DIAL 727B
132 NORTHWESTERN
[RICAN umm
Kujawa Sets New Fresh Pool Record In Intrasquad Tilt Gene Kujawa- set a new freshman record in the 60 yard free style in swimming last Friday afterijoon as the frosh team was barely nosed out by the varsity 43 to 48, when Dick Papenguth’s charges got toget;her for their first intra-squad meet of the year. With a time 'of 24.6 seconds, Kujawa broke Dick Kratzer’s record of 1939 of 24.7 seconds. According to Coach Papenguth, Gene should break Kratzer’s varsity record time of 24.2, as shown by the improvement he has displayed since being at the University. Varsity Win Four Events The varsity came through with victories in the 220 yard free style with Cliff Worton winning, and also victories in the breaststroke, backstroke, and diving. Roy Heidke paced the 100 yard breaststroke to win, while Bill Dunn took the honors in the backstroke and Herm Bower took diving. The varsity also won the 100 yard free relay with Worton, Heidke, Joe Williamson and Bill Snead composing the win-
ning team.
Besides the winning of the 50 yard free style by Kujawa, the frosh team took first place in the 440 yard free style, 200 yard relay and the medley relay. Bill Hansel, brother of Vern Hansel of last yeai’s varsity, won the 440 free style for the freshmen. Seriously handicapped by transportation facilities this year, the varsity swimming team will have very few meets at any distance at all. In fact the schools have been asked to cut down the distance that they travel for swimming meets. The Riveters are very forunate that they are contially situated in the Big Ten and thus will have moie teams available to them than some of the other schools. So far the schedule yvill probably consist of dual meets with Indiana, Chicago, Northwestern and Illinois. The season, however, will not start until about the middle of Januaiy. Michigan, who year after year tin ns out top teams in this sport oC swimming, will probably not meet the Boilermakers thi.s year. Wolverine Grid Stars Join Net Team For Drill Ann Aibor, Mich., Nov. 21—At least six members of Michigan’s football squad are expected to ti'ade their football uniforms for basketball togs next week following the Iowa game which will end the 1942
giid season.
Bob Wiese, Paul White, Bob Chappuis, Don Lund, Mervin Picgulman and Bob Shemky probably i/ill turn directly to basketball and start diillinp for the cage opener with Michigan State heie Dec. 7. Wiese, c\ho has been spectaculai as fullback on the football team, \ifas the standout among freshman basketball players last wintei and may well be groomed for a starting cage berth. After meeting the Spartans in the opener the Wolvgrines will face Maiquette heie Dec. 12 and Great Lakes here Dec. 22. A leturn game with Michigan State is scheduled
for Jan. 4.
S ports CommuniqueQ By "Bob Hadley
(Editor’s Note: While Bob Hadley is . . . well, you know . Don Brewer writes the Communique today).
anyhow.
Southworth’s
' So they are having a “Furlough Wedding” many suggestions to fit the occasion may be found ai the “GIFT SHOP” We will pack for shipping if you like. j
PTOEB0OK ^SUPPLY STORE
308-10 JTATE )TREEI WEST LAFAYETTE INQ
Three Times A Charm ... * For three years now Boilermakers football fans have eagerly awaited the return of the celebrated Old Oak6n Bucket to its “proper” resting place under Purdue roofs. For those of us who are juniors, this is our third Indiana defeat in as many games, and only the graduating seniors have seen the Hoosiers fall—in 1939 by a 7-6 count. Bul Thai Isn't The Point,. . . The point is this: The burning of Miss Indiana, her subsequent quenching in the Wabash Friday night,'marked the climax of one of the largest and most spirited pep sessions seen in Lafayette for a decade. The wishful and emphatic “HELL YES” was more emphatic than in the past, despite the fact that the 1942 gridiron record was none too hot. (No need to review at this time). Officials and students didn’t exactly agree on the propeiness of the campus decorations—but they did raise enthusiasm. Hillenbrand did look nice hanging from Heavilon Hall. As One Lady Said . . . ... in the darkness of the New Main Theatre Friday night (don’t ask me how I know) “This is the fir^t time they’ve broken into the show in ten years. They used to even break into the I’estaurants.” “Wait till next year,” an enthusiastic fan shouted. (P. S.—If there is a “next year”). Crashing the New Mam isn’t exactly in the curriculum of Indiana pep sessions, but those things will happen. The Mystery Of It All . . . Who returned the Victory Bell? From where did they I’eturn it? Where did they take it? Who took it? Was it taken? You’ve got me there. Apparently the Victory Bell actually disappeared from its house back of Cary Hall. Early yesterday morning it was back again. Hoosiers ? Boilermakers? Your guess is as good as mine. Incidentally, Elmer Buinham resorted to a total of four varsity quarterback against Bo’s boys. He started with Junior Bobby Hajzyk, who was injured early in the game, sent in Senior Walt Cook, then alternated him very frequently with Senior Rocky Snyder and Sophomore Joe Winklei. Junior Chuck Han is, another signal caller, did not see action because of injuries. From Out Of The Past . . . No team of H. 0. “Fiitz” Crisler’s has ever lost a football game to Iowa. Michigan faces the Hawkeyes Saturday. In 1931 Crisler’s Michigan team drubbed Iowa 34-0. At Michigan he won 27-7 in 1939, the only defeat suffered by Iowa that year, and won the other 6-0 a year ago. From Here 'N There Down "at Crawfordsville, the Wabash cavemen wanted the Monon Bell, trophy symbolic of Wabash-DePauw grid competition, donated to the sciap metal drive last week. Reluctant to give up the tiophy following their surprising 6-3 upset by the Tigers, the V/abash Little Giants suddenly found themselves without control over the bell. DePauw got it. And at Butler, the Bulldog hardwood squad minus the services of Lt. Tony Hinkle, now Great Lakes mentor, is having to drill at the Pennsy Gym, located seven miles from the campus. Walt Floyd (Southport) taking over the helm, will play the Bulldogs in the Tech High School
gym-
Riveter Wrestling Champions Begin Practice Tomorrovif For Title Defense By Ray Smith With six veteran major letter winners returning and the first practice session scheduled for Monday afternoon, the Boilermaker wrestling team is anxiously looking forward to its second consecutive Western Conference wrestling title. Although the team has been seriously hit by the wax, two Conference champions are still available for duty. Frank Ruggieri went through the regular season last year without a set- Paratore, a junior who was injured back and then proceeded to letter part of last season, is take all opponents in stride to 11-1- m “bridle the 155 pound duties. captuie the Big Ten heavy- Claude Reeck and his new assistweight crown. Ruggieri, who ant Don Phillips will face their IS legarded as one of the fastest toughest task in attempting to find heavyweights on the college mats, men for the light weight classes.
Newly Revised Schedule Calls For Thirteen Conference Tilts By Dave Shryer The small, white haired man shoved his hands deep into his pockets, as he paced the hardwood floor, never changing his expression, issuing curt orders. His eyes, ever watchful, never leave the scrimmaging players that are the object of his at-
tentions.
This is a bystanders eyeview of the man who has guided Boilermaker basketball fortunes for a quarter of a century. Ward “Piggy” Lambert is launching his twenty-sixth season as Riveter net coach, facing conditions of the greatest uncertainty. Athletic Director “Red” Mackey has issued the recently revised net schedule for the, 1942-43 .season. Recently a gathering of confeienee coaches and athletic directois voted to change the basketball cards for all teams. Each team will play thii-teen instead of the customary fifteen tilts. Additional rescheduling has provided for the teams to play a series of “double header” engagements. The old reciprocal method of “one at home, and one away”, has been supplanted by the new way in which a team may play both scheduled contests with another school on sue-
Coach Ward ''Piggy'' Lam- eessive nights at home school’s bert will inaugurate his 26th fieldhouse. This will eliminate exseason as Boilermaker mentor conditions , , 1 I . r which have already made traveling when he sends his 1 942 crop of extremely difficult. charges against his old alma jgth Title mater, the Wabash .Little ^ championship has Giants, in the season s opener evaded them for two seasons, the on December 1 0. Boilermakers will be gunning for _____________________ their twelfth conference title since
the advent of Lambert. Undoubtedly the favored contenders will be coach Doug Mills’ speedy Illinois quintet, which copped the Big Nine crown last season. Wisconsin, with Johnny Kotz once more in the starring role, will be a powerful contender for the title thaf they won in the season of 1940-41. Nor can the Crimson of Indiana be
counted out of the fight.
Most the fighting Illini’s championship quintet return to the wars once more this season, since thfe starting five last year had four sophomores on its roster. Outstanding among these first year men was Andy Phillip, a big, fast guard, who proved to be one of the finest players to come along in many years. Despite the individual brilliance of Phillip, the mini had a team, combination that was hard to stop and there is no reason to suspect fhat they should not be just as strgng
this winter.
Three Lettermen Back
Fewer returning veterans bolster the Gold and Black than in many seasons. The biggest loss is that of Co-Captain Bob Riley, who has answered the call of the armed serv-
Five Lettermen Bolster Wildcat Basketball Squad Five lettermen and a small but
talented group of sophomores will form the nucleus for Northwestern’s basketball team this year that faces a formidable schedule starting Dec. 7 against Western Miclj-
igan at Evanston.
Coach Dutch Lonborg will build this yeai’s team around five leturninp veterans, Gapt. Russ Wendland, guard; Bud Hasse and Ted Esser, centeis, and Otto Graham and Bobby Jake, foiwards. All except Esser were regulars last year. In Graham, the Wildcats possess one of the outstanding forwards in the conference. As a sophomore last year, Otto placed second in Big Ten scoring. Wendland has been one of the leading guards in the conference, while Hasse has been a reg-
ular center for two years.
Among the sophomores who are Three lettermen are the only
expected to make strong bids for regular positions are Nick Vodick of the football team who plays both f01 ward and guard; Robert Smith, a guaid fiom Bloomington, HI.;
veterans who have seen appreciable service. Rudy Lawson, Harold Hoffman, and Captain Al Menke will form the'•nucleus of an inexperienced squad. Hoffman is a'senior;
look third place in the National Intercollegiate Matcliqs. The .other
Mickey MacDonald, who last year, in his sophomore yeai, won the Coii-
Rivetcr seeking to letam his Big ference title and took second place Ten title is Mark Mato-vina who in the National Intercollegiate wiesties at 136 pounds. Matovina Touiney in the 121 pound class, has has the di'-tinction of winning the received an appointment to the U. S. title while a sophomore in his first Naval Academy at Annapolis and
Donald Kiicukas, Kewanee, 111., for- together with Lawson, a junior, he
ward; Ronald Schumacher, Dundee, 111., foiward, and Geoige Felt, Chi-
cago, center.
veai of ccnference competition. Plenty 01 Power
will not be available this year. Lost through graduation is Casey Fred-
In the heavier weight divisions eiicks, who wrestled in the 128 the team is well supplied with vet- iiound class and captured the Big eions 111 addition to Ruggieri. War- Ten ciown in that weight. Fredreii Eviston, 5 foot, 7 inch senior, eiicks was undefeated in dual meet v;ho won the gieater pait of ,his competition for three years, matches last season in the 175 Gregory, Britt Missing pound class, will be back again this Missing from the 145 pound class year to take up where he left off. will be two fine perfoimers, Warren The team is well supplied in the Giegory and Bob Britt. Gregory 165 pound claas with such capable last year was moved into the 155 lettermen as Velmar Davis and pound class for the Conference
Roger Clasemen returning. Jim (See/RIVETER WRESTLING, p 4)
Southworth’s #
b
o c a I a V
THe:^Highly^Concentrated MQUiTH WASH
Sweetens) j^ej Breath; Pleosinglin Flavor’
Dentists recommend it os an'oid tb
l^outh' H'lrgiene^ond'cisfor
Mouth.Deodorontl
Economicql.tojuAe as 4 drops glass of water moke a perfocTmiXiie#* A 4 os. bottle islequivalent to.S^gallons^ Prom 75((Jo.$2.25.per.bottle>
afofdi^
TOILETRIES
STREET FLOOR
The Wildcats will play five of then games in the Chicago Stadium as pait of a double-header program v\ ith DePaul university. The doubleheader idea was inaugurated last year with a seiies of three games and pioved so popular that two additional games A\eie added this year. The double-header progiam will be: Dec. 12—Northwestern vs. Notre Dame; DePaul vs. Puidue. Jan. 9—Noithwestein vs. Wisconsin; DePaul vs. Minnesota. Jan. 16—Northwestern vs. Notre Dame; DePaul vs. Duquesne. Feb. 6—Northwestern vs. Purdue; DePaul vs. Butlci Feb. 27—Noithwestern vs. Illinois; DePaul vs. Bindley. PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
If You Want Good Work On Your Garments SEE JOrS TAILOR SHOP STATE & CHAUNCEY
DANCING CLASSES NOW BEING ORGANIZED NOT TOO LATE TO ENROLL BEGINNER'S Tugs., Nov. 24, 7:00 P.M. ADVANCED*^ Friday, Nov. 27, 7:00 P.M. PHONE 2150
ALLEN’S
6th & Ferry
saw considerable action last season. Menke, once famed as a brother of the Indiana Menkes, carved his own niche of fame at the center position for the Riveters last season. His speedy fake and deadly pivot shot earned for him the wholesome respect of Boilermaker opponents. Sure to be an important factor on the team is the big South Bend sophomore, Eddie Ehlers. His perfoimances in recent drills show that he is destined to be a star.
Swantz And Friend Back
Jack Swantz and Duffy Friend are varsity men who saw action last season and are being counted on By Coach Lambert. Other prospgctii^e soph stars are Kercheval, MeVey,
Kennedy, and Timm.
IM Schedules
BASKETBALL
Monday Night, Nov. 23 Court 1—Don Sprague 7:00 Cary Hall 2 vs. Cary Hafi 3. 7:15 Caiy Hall 6 vs. Cary Hall 7. 8:10 Caiy Hall 4 vs. Cary Hall 5. Court 2—Stanley Benz 7:00 Ward 2B vs. Ward 30. 7:15 Ward 3 vs. Ward 29. 8:10 Ward 5 vs. Ward 28. 8:25 Ward 6A vs. Ward k. Court 3—Oscar Frederickson 7:00 Ward 6B vs. 26. 7:15 Ward lOA vs. 23. 8:10 W^rd 9 vs. 24. 8:25 Ward 6C vs. 25. The final match in the All Campus Golf Touinament has finally reached an end with Chas. Lamb winning the Championship Flight from Bob ^tackhouse. The winners of the other flights are as follows: “A” Flight—Culbertson. “B” Flight—Hoffer. "C” Flight-—Bill Weslow . “D” Flight—Al Lindskoog.'^9
Purdue Exponent
i'V
Sundayj November 2\ 194$
I
Students And Specialists Given Dr. Rabicht Addresses Op^rfiinify For Officer Ratings High School Debaters
At Closing'Session
The Army Will consider applications for commission of person^ possessing the qualifications indicated below. Those interested should contact the Indianapolis Officer Procurement District, 416 Federal Building, Indianapolis, Indiana. Officers in charge are Captain George H. Doane, AUS, Captain T. F. Carroll, AUS, and Major Jo-
soph G. Wood, ACS.
Group 1—Radio Engineering College graduates in elecirical or radio engineering electrophysics or equivalent, who have had two or more years in the active practice of some phase of radio nr elect’-ical engineering. Per--.on- under 30 years of age are ac-
I c pT.ible.
<.V(>up 2—Aircraft Warning Officers Personnel to be qualified for this dr.'v should possess a knowledge of 1,0110 equivalent to that represented in- a college degree with major work in i-adio or radio engineering and a general knowledge of physics and mathematics, Gr.oup 3—Cryptanalytic Officers Gi-aduates of recognized cryptog' aplnc colleges or professors of physics, mathematics and chemistry in 'colleges and universities. Must be ti'ained by the Army. Groiip 4—Inspectors Persons with a knowledge of regulations dealing with travel and tiansportation. Knowledge of procedure in preparation and rendering inspection and personnel reports; huw to read and interpret specifications, di’awings, for communication equipment and contracts therefor; u-e of electrical testing equipment; Use of gauges, dies, micrometer, calipers, and other precision measuring equipment. Group 5—I^adio Officers Persons with a knowledge and familiarity with installation, operation, employment, care, and maintenance of portable radio equipment used in the military service. Gioup 6—Signal Officers, Technical Persons who know company ad- ' mistration, military correspondence, supply, mess management and peisonnel records; signal operation instructions and how to prepare them; knowledge of electrical communication equipment, performance, technical characteiistic repair, test, powers, and limitations of employment. Able to make mathematical calculations involving differential and integral calculus.
The Book Worm
Aquacade (Continued from page 1) 1. ibe. Assisting these men will be 1 iou= other members of the Boil1 I maker tank squad, tqu.icade Features Glee Club Also * he biggest attraction of the eve;i g in addition to the numerous i' ‘'■rs will be the University Glee < 'iih of seventy-five voices which n lU furnish the background for the \ 1 lous swimming events besides *u‘nishmg a number of their own ii iginalities. Accompanying the (dee Club will be a celesta, a small ’ ue of a piano, along with a 'olovox, in addition to the much discussed and newest attraction, the Glee Club quartet. , Not to be outdone by non-serious comedy of the spectacle, thirty-two uembers of the team will perform or e of the most difficult feats in ' vimming warfare, that of forming a life chain across the pool, over nhich some person will walk. This will take place in the cteep euu, with the boy.i tieadmg wafer, while holding on to each otliei’s shouldeis. Kiddj Races ill De Held Some of the leatuied laces of the evening on the amusement side of the ledgei will be the lollei skate race along the bottom ot the pool. Not satisfied with ju^t one kid stunt, the tankers will attempt to i un off a race with one fellow pushing another fellow along the bottom of the pool in a wagon. One of the seiious races will be lifesa\ing event in which one niqn will try to lescue anothei beioie anyone else does. Appoint W. Carnahan To Specialist Post Waltei H. Cainahan, head of the lepartment of Mathematics of Shoitridge High School, Indianapolis, has been I'pponatd by ilie Schools of Engineeiing and the Division ot Education and Ajiplied Psychology, as specialist in pieengineeiing mathcinatics and sci-
ence.
The appointment caiiies the lesponsibility toi consulting with high schools concerning the math and science education ot—students planning to enter U nu v e i s 11 y schools of engineering.
SeVenteen - year - old R h 11 1 e y Haines is NOT attending the University of Maine. She had intended to enroll, but when hei brother enlisted in the seivice she volunteeied to drive a tractor on hei lathei’s farm.
Game Story (Continued trom page 1) slithered to a stop on the Indiana 19-yard line. White ripped off a first downi inside tackle, but the Riveter defense tightened and the Hoosiers punted to the Boilermaker 27. Bachmann tore outside tackle and smashed his way to the 44, ljut the play was nullified by an offside
penalty.
Smerke Smear.s Hillenbrand Smock quick-kiciced to the Indiana 36 where Smerke dropped Hillenbrand in his tracks. The Hoosiers failed to gain, and Hillenbrand got off a bad kick which sailed out on the Indiana 49. The Boilermakers bogged down, figuratively and literally, and Smock slogged the ball over the goal. Taking the ball on his 20, White advanced to the 29, where Snyder and White engaged in a momentary fracas which resulted in a moving back of the ball to the Indiana 14. Hillenbrand again quick-kicked out and the Boilermakers took over on their own 49. Buffington took off over tackle and reeled off a first down to the Indiana 36, where Bei to dropped back and planted a pass m Forest McCaffry’s arms on the 16. There Riveter luck played out and a bad pass skidded the ball back to the 33. As the third quarter drew to a close Smock kicked over the goal and Indiana moved up from their 20 to
their 44.
Saban Scores Second Goal Opening the final quarter, Hillenbrand and Dewar, now playing fullback and left half, lespoctively, drove down to the 20, whei’e Lou Saban took the ball, drove through guard, out back and Dotted down the sidelines to a touchdown with no one near him. Saban’s kick split the uprights and the Boilermakei s trailed 13-0. Saban again kicked off and McCaffry took the pigskin to the Boilermaker 34. Bob Bachman and Ed Cyeenas slashed their way to the 49, and Ken Smock kicked to the Indiana 23 where the ball "was dpwned. McKinnis and Dewar took the ball to the 30. On the next play, Hugh McKinnis splashed his way into the clear and headed for pay dirt without a Boilermaker within 10 yards of him. But Walt Cook, 165 pound quarterback and one of the Riveters’ best defensive backs throughout the season, took off after the fleet Indiana fullback and caught him with a diving tackle that was one of the highlights of the game, on the Boilei maker 21-yard
line.
McKinnis Flies Over Cook’s great tackle was nullified however, a few plays later, as Dewar and McKinnis ripped their way to the 1-yard line, whcie McKinnis took the ball and executing a beautiful swan dive landed on his face in the quagmire between the Riveter goal posts. Saban’s conversion again went squarely between the goal posts, and Indiana held the lead at 20-0. Sabaii’skickoff i oiled and bounced to the Rivetei 36 whoic Shimei gathered in the ball for the Riveters. As the Boileimakcis took the ball the end ol the game drew neai and the Indiana defenses lose up and thiew the Rivetei s back to their own 27 as Snyder was caught behind the line aftei receiving Tony Beito’s pass, and on last down Bei to, unable to find a i eceiver, ran
Annual Indiana High School Debaters’ Conference was highlighted at the closing® session with an address by Dr. Max Rabicht of New York City, who was a member of the Secretarist of the League of Nations at Geneva, Switzerland, from 1928 until the outbi oak of the piesent world conflict. » Speaking before 7.12 youthful orators, who represented 54 high schools throughout the state, Dr. Habicht outlined the problems of “Post War World Organization,” a subject directly related to the high school debate question for the year. A special breakfast meeting was held foi all high school teachers, debate directors and administiators Friday morning to discuss methods of adjusting high school programs to meet the demands of the war sit-
uation.
T. R. Tewksbury of Wabash high school presided ovei the bieakfast at which Merle J. Abbett, superintendent of schools at Fort Wayne, presented the administrators’ point of view, and Dr. Bower Aly of the University of Missouii discussed the use of student speakers in the war effoit. During the remainder of the moining, practice debates were held and meetings of the student legislative assembly woie in progiess in which vai lous bills were considered The concluding session was at I'OO p. lu at which time the thirteenth annual conference at the Univeisity was adjourned. PI A Notes Attention Freshmen Don’t fail to vote Tuesday at the Gieen Potters election. The following Independents ai e i unning for office: Ronald Jones, Donald Blue, Bob Hai risen, John Anderson, Bob Anderson, Jack Knott and Allen
Ciaveii
Ward Party Fiiday night Waul D played host to about 100 PI A members. Dancing, games, and i ofi cshmelits were fea-
tured.
Bowling Tournament Competition runs high as the bowling touinament enteis its third week. Schedules foi future games and results of games played will be posted with individual scoies in the bowling alleys. Bivouac House Party Bivouac house club enteitamed its members and theii guests Fiiday night at its annual Harvest Paity Dancing to lecoids and games were teatured. Placement Notes For Women Miss Codish oUthc U. S. Testing Co., New York City, N Y., will be on campus tomoiiow afternoon in the Home Economics Building toi interviews with seniois inteiested in hei company. Foi appointments call the Placement Service foi Women at 2955. At 4:00 she will talk to all students interested in Home Ec woik in Room 108 ol the same building.
Says:
By L. W. Josselyn An old Arab saying goes like this: Morocco is the warrior, Algeria the Man and Tunisia the Woman
and
The Prince of Morocco begins his speech in “The Merchant of Venice”: “Mislike me not for my complexion. The shadowed living of the burning
sun.
To whom I am a neighbor and near bred.” k ' > Well, now we the United States have taken the wariior, the Man and the'Woman. And we’ll say to Shakespeare’s Prince, “We mislike you not for your complexion.” All of Sunday and even as we write this we are thrilled with the reports coming in about our invasion of North Africa. Several years ago, on one beautiful morning, we landed at Casablanca to spend a glorious day, our first on the African continent. We ticked by motor along those stiaiige desert lands to Rabat, the capital of Morocco. We spent a day at Gibraltar, and long after midnight, some of us looking off to starboaid saw the lights of Oian. And then we sailed into the Bay of Algieis, that glorious blue bay boasting with the White City of Algieis, most cosmopolitan city of the East. There’s the story of Geronimo, an Arab Christian who was captured by the Corsans in 1569. Refusing to give up Chustianity he was thrown into a box with his hands tied and cast into a block of concrete which was“^used in the construction of a foi tress. In 1612, a Benedictine fathei wrote a history of Algiers in which ho told of this little incident, and over two hundred yeais latei this ancient history was translated. The French had conquered Algiers and a few years later when they toie down this old fortress a careful search was made and the block was found with the skeleton of Geronimo within. A cast of the inside of the block' was made and we saw this at the Bibliotheque Musee. The United States has landed at Mazagan, Casablanca and Rabat’s poit on the Atlantic; and at Oian, Algieis and Phillipeville on the Mediterranean. Theio aic books about these lands and cauntiies, good books in our University libiaiy. There’s one of little mteiest 1 ight now except the title, “The Stars and Stupes in Africa.” Wyndham Lewis, who always viites well, has “Filibusters in Barbaiy,” and theie is the old, but still one of the very best, l^eri e Loti’s “Au Moioc,”—“Morocco” we would call it. Paul Vernon’s “Morocco fiom a Motoi” opens with an account of his visit to the Jardin d’Essai. We’ll never foi get it, most exotic garden we have ever seen— palms and bamboos, figs, lemons, aiandaiin and the pomegranates, the lotus, oleander, hibuscus and
Riveter Wrestling ’ (Continued front page 3) Tournament when Paratore was injured and was runnef-up in that division. Gregory entered the armed forces this past week. Britt, who divided the season with Gregory at 146 pounds, will graduate in De-
cember.
Among the promising sophomores is Dick Barwegan in the heavyweight class. Barwegan is at present playing guard on tho varsity football team. Dan Nettesheim, a 136 pounder, and Claude Mounsey, a 146 pounder, show promise of easing the situation in the lighter weight divisions. Tentative Schedule The tentative schedule calls for matches with Indiana, Illinois, Northwestern, Chicago, Ohio State, University of Iowa, and the Iowa Pre-Flight. Word has been received that Indiana has its best team since 1934, and is likely to give the defending champs a great deal of trouble. Reeck announced that he would like to have anyonp who can spend half an hour per practice session report to the wrestling room in the balcony of the gym on Monday afternoon.
Notices
AH ROTC Students: New regulation concerning “Mtilcc-up’* for absence fiom Military classtB IS posted on Armory Bulletin Board. All ROTC studenta should read this regulation during thdir next hour in the Armory. —GRAHAM
purple bougainvillia, cycads of the earbonifei'ous age, huge banyans, the strange nefles tree and the fiscus and hundieds of otheis. Vernon tells of Oran, Oudja, Fez, Mekenes, Rabat, Sala, Marrakesh and all of those other strange places where hundieds of our boys will soon be patroling and holding. Sacheverell Sitwell gives us the “feel” of all of North Africa in his “Mauretania.” The chapter headings are “Morocco,” “Sahara,” “A Summer in Tunisia” and “Libya.” Starting' from Morocco, Knud Holmboe, a Dane, tells of his adventurous jouiney through French and Italian (but no more is it Italian) Africa. From Ceuta, a city opposite Gibraltar, he goes down to Fez, crosses the Atlas Mountains, skirts the Sahara desei t to Tunis, and then on to Tripoli, Benghazi and Deina. Along this same route some of our boys will travel while others sail the Mediterranean to established beachheads. Then there IS Emil Ludwig’s new book, “The Mediteiranean,” a wealth of histoiical perspectives and geograph-
ical obsei vations.
Nowheie can one find better reading about these countries than m the wonderfully descriptive accounts with hundieds of colored illustrations ol the National Geographic Magazine Through the National Geogiaphic Index and the other indexes at the library one can easily find his own selection, be it Algiers, Tunis, Morocco or Libya.
Responding to a call at Empoiia (Kan.) Teachers college, the file iaddies found an optical illusion instead. Floodlights striking millions of insects gave them the appearance of spaiks jumping fiom the 1 oof.
iNUvy v-<: ouinuis ana aeniors who are assemblinR papers supporting their request for enlistment m V-7 who are urider 21 years of ase must submit three copies of patents consent pioperly notaiized Copies of this form (Navy 400) may be obtained at my office. —KNAPP^ AH Male Students: ErilistmenK in the Enlisted Reserve Corps of tho Army closes on December 31, 1942. If you desire to enlist and have not vet applied, your application should be jilaced immediately in Room B4 in the basement of the Armory
—GRAHAM
Scpt.-Oct. Code Group: Qualification Certificates may be obtained in the Supply Room in the Armory by those students of the Septombei-October Code Group that qualified at 0 w p m. or better.
—IIESTBRBERG
AH Students: There are still some University Directories left. As long as the supply lasts, any student, who has not already obtained a copy, may get one by calling at tho Registrar’s office and presenting his passpoit. —RALPH B. STONE, Registrar Sigma Delta Chi Peldges: Please pay initiation fee to me on or before Tuesday, Nov. 24. It will be impossible to initiate anyone until he has paid. ■—HADLEY Military Students: One of three boys \irho left a coat in a car in which they rod6 from near Lebanon to Lafayette on Sunday, Nov. 8, may obtain his coat by commuiucating with and identifying himself to Eolon E. Deal, 302 E. Jefforoon St., Valpaiaiso, Jnd.
—DEAL
Pistol Tryouts: Tho following students are lequcsted to leport at the Aimory at 1 p m., Monday, November 23, to tiy out for the pistol team. G G Clark, W. L. Davis, W. Garbei, G O. Jacckcl, W J. Ligo, L. D McCreavy, J S Moore, P T. Orr, E G. Pjttt, E Ratchfoid, J. R. Shoemaker and E Winn. ~ BROWN Kappa Psi: Eleition ot offu’eis Tuesday, November 24, at 7 3() in the Union BuildHia. Attendance of all actives i-- unn'^rntive. ~ MERRICK rralornily Presidenfs: Tuni in money foi coinninnity fund inimidiaUly. RIDER Activities Bureau Sophomores and Juniors: Petitions toi cicotiona will be due* Fiiday, Nov 27, 1912 Impoitant meeting ot uU iophomoies' and uuiiois Thuisduy, Novembei 19, at 1 p m in the office. ~ WOEHLKE
Eastern Star Coeds: The West Lafayette Chapter will entertain the Eastern Star Coeds Nov. 24 at a special meeting. Coed mcmbeis call my office, 6275, or home 614l4> before that date. —PARKS Enlisted and Commissioned ResArves: AH students who hold reserve commissions Or are members of the enlisted reserve in the Navy, Coast Guard, and Marine CorpH are leqtiebted to call at my office in the Execu- ^ tive Building at Iheir convenient before November 26 to supply information needed to complete lecords. Those inducted into V-l and V-7 by special boards on November
12-13 and 17-18 need "ot
Gimlet Club: Initiation Monday night, November 23, at 8 p. m at S. P. E. house. Biing towol, paddle, full box and initiation fee. No excuse for absence accepted.
—FRASER
Silver Masic Peldges: There will be a meting in the fencing rooni in the Fieldhouse at 7.30 p m. on Tuesday. November 24. Absentees will be fined 26 cents each. —SCHWENKER Sigma Delta Chi: Initiation Tuesday, November 24, at 5.80 p m. in room 303 of the Union Bumiuct following at 8:20 p. m. in loom 334. —ARMSTRONG RIficry: All gills have just one more week to make up rifleiy practices. Each girl may shooC only one target a night with makeups .cheduled for Monday through Thursday nights from 6 :30 to 8 :80. -t-WILBUR
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
tho hall bad to Iho lino oi sorimmaqo. The Iloohiois 'took the ball on down's but (ailed to <!aiii and punted to Beikloy on tho qoal line. Beilvlty foLi'iht his voy back to the' 9, J)ut in tile two lomaininu plays ho was un iblo to cot away Iioin tho haid chaioinq Indiana lino, and the ('ll il oun ended the qame with the ball deep in Boilci makei teriitoiy.
IRE WARDEN)
/
ll.ll
The air raid warden has to know his stuff . . . and that’s the way we feel about our business. Greater performance from wardrobe when it’s cleaned regularly. ^
<■" w I I BETTE DAVIg'^nd PAUL HENKIED'co 'Now Voyager.” Now Flajing.
Norf'hwesJ'ern and Vine Sts.
Phone 4081
.star at
Lafayette Theatre in
Classified Ads
Money to loan on diamonds, watches, ghns, luggage, typewriters. Eoan ORice, 407 Columbia. Typewriters—Adding Machines, all mgkea sold, rented, repaired, and .purchased. Mimeograph work done, C. J. Ebershoff, 605 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779. Lost—K & E Log Log Duplex Slide Rule. Call Jeiiy Mooie 71834. Reward. Wanted—Students to work extra as waiters. No experience necessary. Good pay. Apply Elks Club Frank Lenihan, manager. Overnight rooms, any time. Phone 6410.
YOUNG LADY for full time, or minimum half time, assistant bookkeeping position. Apply South- • worth’s mornings.
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
t DOES YOUR PEN LEAK? Expert Repair Service SOUTHWORTH'S
NO PAIN AT ALL . . . Spring Byington serve.s as the patient in Red Cross scenes in M-G-M’s “The War Against Mrs. Hadley,” playing at the Mars Theatre. Above Director Harold S. Bucquet, and an assistant see to it that the splint will look all right before the camera.
Nail Enamel m Lipstick 60^ Also, $1,00 size,
STIRRING NEW COLOR THE NAIL ENAMEL . . . LIPSTICK The thrilling beauty of the “Mrs Miniver Rose" is rivalled only by the llawless "stay-on" quality of the -world's most famous nail enamel . . . the
lasting loveliness of the
Revlon Lipstick ... Be first to
wear the most beautiful color ever introduced!, "Mrs. Miniver Rose."'
Nail Enamel and Adheron Cz in Double Feature package 75^
DOWNSTAIRS GIFT STORE .
PURDDEECCK&mVS'lDRE
308-10 JTATE ITREEY WE5T LAFAYETTE INU
V U(l
V