’"’ ’.^ ’’' '' ''J-L"/' ’ ' '^'\ vS-'* ^ y‘,>'‘ ^ ./ . r Ait, ^ ^ ,■;- ' , <, -' .•' i ’ , I ’ ^ ■’ I j ^ i / » ^ s ii i ^k’‘f.r''fJjiy''^f^<yt'''^w^ '• li \ tv ^4- ^
New Physics Lqb
Physicists, Scientists, Will Convene 1^ rid ay For Two bay Conference New Charles Benedict Stuart Laboratory of Applied Science at thfe Uhiversity will be dedicated this Friday and Saturday during a two day Conference on modern physics, it was annodnced yesterday by Dr. Karl Lark-Horovitz, head of the
physics department.
^Physicists ahd scientists from all part of the country are exp'etted to attend the ceremonies which will open with demonstration experiments on Friday afternoon in the hew laboratory which was made possible through the generosity of the late Mrs. Alice Earl Stuart
as a tribute to her husband, Charles Benedict Stuart, who through many years dedicated his creative citizenship to the University both as a member and as the 'president ’of the
Board of Trustees."
Following an informal dinner in the evening, the formal opening exercises will precede’lan address on “Physics in Industry” by Dr. E. U. Condon, associate director of the research laboratories of the Westinghouse Electric and Manufacturing Co. The significance of the new laboratories will be explained by Df; Lark-IIoi’oVitz, with the response to be made by Allison E. Stuart, of Lafayette, a member of the ^University Board of Trustees and nephew of the benefactress.
Research In Sub-Basement
The new physics laboratories, which were occupied last fall, are devoted to the teaching of engineering, general and advanced physics, as well as to research in the fields of theoretical, experimental and applied physics. The main research laboratories in the sub-basement and on the ground floor are partially air-conditioned to insure constant
temperature conditions.
The radiation laboratory housing the cyclotron, or “atom-smasher,” with its newly developed accessaries, is devoted to research in nuclear physics and the use of radioactive tracers in biological, agricultural and metallographic problems. A special vibration-free grating room provided for the installation of a 30-foot grating in a Paschen mounting is the center of the spec(See dedication, page 4)
Established 1889
Rain The Ruhr
'"i ’A' i*"'" 'S-
Volume 54/ No. 1$
We4;t Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, fune 14, 1942
Qlce Qufe To Sing Today In Union
Nayy Tp C. fhft ^ I
Housemothers I ‘ 1 r ^ * t School To Open Hpre Tomorrow The fifth annual housemothers’ school, ditected by Dean Dorothy C. Stiatton and designed for fraternity and sorority housemothers and directors, will be held on the campus .starting tomorrow and continuing until July 10. Ways of meeting the difficulties which have appeared in the pa-st year, especially that of the higher cost of living, will be discussed. Some of the main topics are; menu planning, food purchasing, cost .accounting, house budgetir)g, alumni relationships, student physical fitness and problems of the late adolescent. PreS. Elliott To Speak Featured speakers' will include both University faculty members and off-campus speakers. President E. C. Elliott, Controller R. B. Stewart and Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the summer sessron, will nrake special talks. Other speakers include Mrs. Ruth McCarn, Northwestern University; Mrs. Harding Cecil, Evanston, 111.; Dean Katherine Ingle, University of Cincinnati, and Dean Sarah Blanding of Cornell University. The regytilar staff of the school includes Miss Helen Schlernan, Prof. Edith Gamble and Mrs. Lena McDougle. Dr. Wood To Talk On Aviation Courses For High Schools Dr. Ben Wood of Columbia University, member of the committee in charge of the pre-flight aeronautical curriculum research project, will speak in the faculty lounge of the Union at 10 a. m. next Wednesday. Dr. Wood advocates making the nation air-minded and is delivering a series of talks in the state, taking up with local school men proposed changes in the high school curriculums in relation to aviation. Commercial Flying To Increase According to Dr. Wood, our nation should be airminded, not only because of the wartime demands but also because of the development of commercial aviation that is assured in the post-war period.
Christian Educators To Hear 7i)0-Voice
- /
Chorus At Meeting E. H. Barfleff Heads Religious Program Included as one of the outstanding features of the 78th annual convention of the Indiana Council of Christian Education which will be held at the University Wednesday, Thursday and Friday, will be the combined singing of over 700 voices in the Music Hall next Wednesday evening. This chorus, which is made up largely of church choirs from throughout the state as well as a number of home economics choruses, is under the direction of Dr. Clarence Dickinson, formerly of Lafayette and now composer and choir director in New York City. The University choir of 250 voices will make up a part of the choir and will join with the group in singing two of Dr. Dickinson’s hymns. Expect J,200 To 1,800 The convention itself, which was formerly known as the state Sunday School convention, is expected to attract between 1,200 and 1,800 persons from all sections of the state. The general theme of the convention is expressed by the council as “Speak To My People That They Go Forward.” | Several national religious leaders have been scheduled to appear on the piogiam. Included in these is Dean E. R. Bartlett, head of the department of religious education at DePauw University, who will preside al the convention. Indiana Fire School Emphasizes Future Wartime Emergencies One of the highlights of the program at the final session of the ninth Indiana Fire School was a first aid demonstration under actual blackout conditions by the members of the Sebring, Ohio, junior fire department. This was the second demonstration that this organization has .given before the 700 firemen who attended the school. Tho lemainder of the program consisted of speeches and discus&)ons on the various phases of fire fighting and fire protection, with emphasis being placed on wartime'
emergencies.
Problems Outlined Joseph Li .Lingo, of the University Public Safety Institute, outlined problems common to police and file departments. J. B. Taylor, special representative of the fire prevention department of the Western Actuarial Bureau, Chicago, discussed the responsibilities of the fire inspector during the war emergency. Captain K. Kline, of the University Public Safety Institute, talked on industrial protection, and Captain C. Keating of the Evansville fii’e department, gave a demonstration of war gases. In the afternoon W. F. Heisler of Oklahoma A. & M. College gave a talk to the auxiliary 'and regular fire department instiuctors, Gilliland To Speak Tomorrow On WBAA “War Comes to the Home” will be discussed by Capt. W. L. Gilliland, instructor in the U. S. War Department civilian protection school, in a continuation of the legular weekly senes of Better Homes broadcasts over WBAA tomorrow at 1:30
p. m.
Captain Gilliland has been assigned to the civilian protection school, designed to train instructors for the midwestern area, which opens here tomorrow.
Hfw SfhQpl ScfiricRer To Speak At Dddt^ai'ion Of Unit Rear A'dlniral John Downes, commandant of the Ninth Naval district, will accept the new Naval Training School for the Navy during the formal commissioning ceremony, which is to be held at Cary Halls Tuesday at 3 p. m. Ptofessor Frank C. Hockema, assistant to the president, will officially present the
school,
WBAA will broadcast the program from the Cary Hall quadrangle. “Anchors Aweigh,’ played by the University band, will open the ceremony. Professor Beese, head of Civilian Defense Training at the University, will be introduced and the invocation will be given by Reverend W. R. Graham of the Central Presbyterian Church. Governor Henry F. Schricker will speak briefly; then Doctor A. R. Killian, mayor of Lafayette, will be introduced; Hockema To Present School Next, Frank Hockema will present the school to the Navy. After the acceptance, the command to hoist colors will be given, and the University band will play the “Star Spangled Banner.” Remai'ks by Lt. Commander Herbert M. Hart, USNR, will follow. From Tuesday on Commander Hart will direct the new school of 200 seamen, who are attending the University to receive 16 weeks of training in electrical engineering. July 1 another group of 200 will arrive, and by early fall a total of 800 men will be receiving training here. Band To Close Program After the introduction of the new director of the school. Commander Heslar, a member of the Chicago party, which will attend the ceremony, will be introduced. The program will be terminated by the University band playing the “Stars and Stripes Forever.” A platform will be erected for the ceremony in front of Cary Hall West, behind which will stand the entire unit. Townspeople who desire to attend the program are requested to enter the northwest en(See NAVY, page 4) Doc Miller Meets Grads At Edgewood Arsenal School Dr. S. J. Miller, of the Student Health Service, has just returned from the Edgewood Arsenal in Maryland where he received a week of special instructions in the administration of mustard sensitivity tests and information regarding the latest practical treatments for chemical warfare burns. He also studied methods of decontamination. All of this information is to be used in connection with the Chemical Warfare Civilian Defense School which will start here this
Sunday.
“Doc” Miller says this his trip was made much more enjoyable by Seven of the University’s 1942 R. 0. T. C. graduates who are stationed at the Edgewood Arsenal. They are 2nd Lieuts. J. S. Evans, J. A. Bierlein, F. H. Freiherr, C. L. Good, C. M. Murray, A. M. Mitchell and G. M. Kibler. All of these men seemed to be enjoying their worlj, but Doc says that they gave him the impression that they would like to hear a lot more news from here. In order to encourag'e any of their friends who might read this, their address" is Officer Replacement Pool, Edgewood Arsenal, Maryland. Patrick W. McIntyre . . . ME ’35, from Chicago, 111., was killed recently while serving in the Army Air Corps. While at the University McIntyre participated in freshman football in which he won his numerals. He also took part in intramural athletics and was a 'member of Kappa Delta Rho, social fraternity.
(Dcu^ By Charles Cottingham, CE ’92 Poem in color today we tell Thy birth in song and story, How loving hands thy members wrought And christened thee: “Old Glory,” To serve as symbol of the free, 'Thy hues were gleaned from shining sun In grievous times that tried men’s souls. To lead our sires with Washington.
On land and sea thy sacred folds Have b^en oft pierced by tyrants’ shot. But always held by freeman’s hand To higher wave has been thy lot. And now ’tis ours to hold aloft With thee. The Cause most loved by men, To stand with thee in Freedom’s name. Today our all we pledge again.
Dr. Elliott, Watt Speak At Labor Convention Robert S. Watt, international representative of the American Federation of Labor, was the initial speaker yesterday at the first meeting of the two-day convention of the fourth annual Educational Institute of the Indiana Federation of Labor, Watt spoke on the subject of “Labor’s Cooperation
in the War Effort.”
In the afternoon session yesterday, Wendell Lund, of the labor division of the WPB, spoke on “The Mobilization of Man Power for Total War Effort,” . Lund spoke in place of Paul V. MRrVin E Mund@l McNuH, Federal Security Ad-
ministrator, and chairman of
Iftinr Infliielrial Power CommisJOinS inQilSiriQI sion, who was unable to attend
, , r #1 meeting. Engineering Staff Einott speaks
other speakers yesterday were
Marvin E. Mundel has joined the John Ackei’, vice-president of the University faculty as assistant pro- Indiana State Federation of Labor; fessor of industrial engineering in President Elliott, of the Univerchai’ge of time and motion study, sity; John H. Dillon, Indiana Unisucceeding Prof. H. B. Rogers who versify; Dr. F. B. Knight, director leaves in the fall to join the general, of the division of education and apengineering staff at Northwestern plied psychology; Dr. J. A. Estey, University. head of the department of economIn addition to being in charge of ics, histoi * and government in the the time and motion laboratories. University and Miss Mildred Arnhe will prepare course outlines, stu- old, director of the children’s divident manuals and visual aids for de- sion of the Indiana State Depart-
fense 'training classes in time and ment of Welfare,
motion study. Today Charles E. Miner, regional Graduated From N.Y.U. representative of the National Re- ,, , , , , „ sources Planning Boaz'd, will speak
Mundel graduated from New . . .
_ on “Government Agencies m Local York University and received M.S.
and Ph.D. degrees in industrial en-
lowa, where he was graduate research assistant and later instructor in industrial engineering. He formeily was methods engineer with the Tunk Sol Lamp Works,
Newark, N. J.
assistant professor of general engineering and taught defense training courses in time and motion study, factory layout, industrial management and personnel. Several Articles Published Articles by Professor Mundel have been published in a number of technical journals, including “Factory,’^ “Iron Age,” “Journal of the Society for the Advancement of Managemeirt” and “Studies in Engineering.” He is a member of Iota. Alpha, honorary engineering so-
ciety, and Sigma Xi,
Canners Advanced Technicians School To Open Tuesday Twenty-five canners throughout the middle west are attending a two week technical school which is being held on the campus. The course, which is devoted to instructing can-
National Runner-Up To Repeat Carnegie Hall Program Today at 3 p.‘ m, in the South Ballroom of the Union the Men’s Glee Club will give the same program it presented in' Carnegie Hall, New York. Besides being runner up in the Fred Waring National Glee Club Contest, the Glee Club has done singing with name bands such as Tommy Dorsey; and before the Fred Waring Contest the club sang for the national convention of the National Chamber of Commerce at the Sherman I - Hotel in Chicago.
The program which is planned as a reception for the Glee Club by the Student Union is open to students, faculty members and townspeople, with a special invitation being extended to the sailors stationed at Cary Hall. Everyone is also invited to attend the reception to be held in the Old Chestnut Room of the Union immediately following
the concert.
Better Custodianship in War fo Present Contest Program Time” will be the theme of the an- rru!„ „ m ..
This will be the first appearance of the Glee Club on the campus since its return from New York. Under the direction of Al Stewart, the Glee Club will present a thirty minute informal program featuring Marvin Smith, who is waiting for his call from the Army Air Corps,
department and the division of edu- and Joe Richards as soloists and ctaion and applied psychology of David Simpson as accompanist, the University in cooperation with ^he musical numbers on the pro-
the division of vocational education
of the Indiana State Department of Cliffs of Dover” with Mar-
Education.
Custodians Will Discuss Wartime Improvements
Profs. Miller/ Knapp,
Soneson Will Speak
nual conference on school building and ground management for custodians and caretakers to be held at the University Wednesday and
Thursday.
The two-day conference is sponsored by the engineering extension
Maintenance Discussion
Proper storage of coal and the care and maintenance of fire extinguishers will be discussed before the opening session on Wednesday morning by Prof. W. T. Miller, of
vin Smith as soloist, “De Animals A-Comin’,” “Joshua Fit the Battle of Jericho,” “Old Man River” with Joe Richards as soloist, “You and
I” and “Thanks Be to God.” Trip Will Be Reviewed
The program is very informal in
the Mechanical Engineering School, l , , ... , J n J! iir A ^ • A A Dot” dress and presentation and
and Prof. W. A. Knapp, assistant ^
dean of engineering.
the trip scattered throughout the
program.
Vocational Home Ec
Teachers To Meet Here Tomorrow
Close to 175 vocational home eco-
. A . •, ... nomics teachers from 23 counties in tion. Topics to be considered during av„ . a a, a, a a ,, , A , northwestern part of the state
the afternoon include water supply
Planning summer work school lighting practices, and the control of termites, pests, and rodents will be taken up in the afternoon. The evening program will be given over to an illustrated lecture on bomb damage by Prof. P. E. Soneson, of the School of Civil Engineering.
War-Time Tinge
There will be a distinct war-time tinge to Thursday morning’s program which will include a discussion of air raid planning and a demonstration of window glass protec-
Communities Plan Together,” and
,, -r-r . A “Training and Protecting War
pneering from the University of Workers” will be discussed by Her-
bel t A. Kessel, H. G. McComb, and
Halsey F. Owen.
This afternoon, at the closing luncheon, the University musical organizations, under the direction of Albert P. Stewart will supply
At Bradley Polytechnic Institute, ^usic, and R. B. Stewart, ControlPeoria, 111., Professor Mundel was jgj. gf University will address
the group on “Human Beings After
the War.”
Officers' Arrival Completes Naval Staff Unit Here With the arrival during the past week of the remainder of the officers assigned to duty with U. S. Naval unit at the University, the staff of officers with the unit has been completed. Lieut. Commander Ileibert M. Hart is the new commander in place of Lieut. Commander K. H. Nonweiler, who returned to the Great Lakes Naval Training Station. Commander Nonweiler has been detailed to organize the schools in various educational institutions. Executive officer is Lieut. Arthur M. Masters, of Chicago. The first lieutenant and recreation officer is Ensign Stanley L. Whlttemore, of Evanston, 111.; and the medical of-
are expected to attend a five-day summer conference which opens at the University tomorrow and con-
tinues through Friday.
The compreherrsive program announced yesterday will allow the visiting teachers ample oportunity for general refresher study as well as intensive study in such units as nutrition, school lunch, consumer education, adult education, textiles,
and housing. '
Bowes To Preside Tomorrow Miss Wave Bowes, district supervisor of home economics education, will preside over the opening session tomorrow afternoon which will feature a panel discussion on the relation between community agencies and the homemaking teachers and an address on “Teaching Does Count” by Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the division of education and
applied psychology.
On Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday separate special conferences on adult education, school
Second one-week dourse for life lunch, and textiles will be held each
precautions, floor maintenance and the care of lawns and shrubs.
Cancellations Students who desire to cancel courses without grades should do so before 4 p. m., Tuesday, June 16. Cancellation cards may be obtained from the heads of departments. These cards should be signed by the head of the school as well as by fhe head of the department in which the subject is given. The cards , should then be filed in ^he Registrar’s office, , /
—Goldsmith
Underwriters' School Enters Second Week
insurance underwriters will start tomorrow morning with many of the insurance agents who attended the first week’s school remaining for another week of instruction. The school will conclude with a third one-week session during the week of June 22 to 27. Alden C. Palmer, Indianapolis in-
morning, and on consumer education, housing, and nutrition each afternoon, giving each teacher an opportunity to concentrate on two units of her choice. To Hold General Sessions The study unit sessions will be supplemented by general meetings and conducted tours to various
surance executive, and Dr. George points of interest on the campus, inDavis of the University staff are in eluding the home management charge of the sessions. The group houses, applied design department, enrolled in the school lives in East nursery school, and rat feeding exCary Hall, and classes are held periments.
there.
Schools patterned after the University’s school are being held in Kansas and Connecticut this year.
Alpha Phi Omega
J. H. Martin
ners in the best ways to examine fleers are Lieut. Commander Margoods for contamination is given in shall W. Hall, of St. Louis, ancf two sections of one week each. Lieut. Howard L. Bergo, of Detroit. The beginners’ section began last The supply officer is Ensign Alfred Tuesday, and the advanced section L. Pollack, of Fresno, California, will be given during the week im- who recently returned from duty mediately following the beginners’ with the North Atlantic naval
school. patrol.
. . . national scouting honorary, announces the pledging of Ronald M. Cox, New .Albany; Kenneth Eugene Elliott, Sheridan; Leslie E,
... head of the pdultry husbandry Fleck, Indianapolis; John M. Gosst department, was in Chicago last wein, Chicago, IR.; Francis J. GiipMonday through Friday meeting penherger, Batavia, New York; with the breeding committee of the William P. McCullough, New AlNational Poultry Improvement bany; Robert J. Pielsticker, HamPlan. He also presented reports of mond; Andrew Schertchuk, Gnryj; the breeding committee to the na- and Robert H. Uhl, Bowling Green,
tional conference. Ky.;.4 Page 2
Expdhetit Ediidrial Page
Sunday^ June 14, 1942
j| ij-
Purdue Exponent
Offices: Editorial and Business, l^urdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Kfli\ r-in-('ltief NfAvs Utlhor MniiriRiiiff l-'dilor Sk)on« I'tliJfit Itu'Jinocs Maiiapor C;rt;iil:itton Manufrer .... Coed Editor
John P. Amoi Don T. Brophy .. John H. Armstrong Robert L. Hadley .... William D. Millard Ken K. GJemre Alice Chatfield
Publication Staff Associate Edifori^ Editorial Staff; R. W. Boswinkle, D. K. But#, W. G. Hoskina, A. P. Hunter, D. \V. Ochiltree, W. E. Rafert. Sports fliftff: D. E. Brewer, J. S. Dawson, E. L. Karpick, CfiC'd Stuff: Sally Beall, Charlotte Hass, Jean Lauer. Business Staff Coed Bu??itTess Manager: Julia Martin. Advrrtistnfj Managers: J. M. Wright, D. L. Johnsoiks ('iiriilalion Manager; G. H. Klouman, .AceountR Manager: Trena Torrenga. .luriior Coed Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane KeiM»
Staff For This Issue Niphf Editor : Ochiltree Day Editor: Beall Spoitf^ Editor; Dawson Issue Editor: Altherr Kf'.portcr;:: Veph, Shipnoski, Stout, Fawcett, Stephenson, Milrj.hy, Griylord, Hollins.
Entered ns second class matter at the post office in Lafayette. Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at* the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, Oi l of Oeiohor 3. 1917. authorized January 20, 1922. Published Dit::.Wednr.sday, Friday and Sunday mornings during the sumSt nil sler and doily except Monday during the fall and v.inler ■vrinestfr/i. Delivered locally by carrier for $1.25 for sur.uiver .sfino.'Kter; mailed subscriptions $1,50. .Kt'prestnled for national advertising by National Adyertlft-' in*T Service, Jnc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison .4vc., New York, N. Y.
Day
Tod.iy hao been designatfed by our presin;" Flag'Day to commemorate the 165th binliday of the symbol of our great, fi’ee fOiiniry. In the proclamation announcing the ol): ‘ rvirncG, President Roosevelt called upon u to lioiior, also, the colors of “the massed angered forces of common humanity” and iintbo tills a Flag Day for all 26 of the United . Falions. ii: lias been a long time since our Flag has represenied so much as it does now: Pearl ] I:uJjor, Bataan, Cprregidor, Flying Tigers, Doolicilo over Tokyo, the Coral Sea, the forces in Ireland, Iceland, Egypt, Australia, Alaska and under, the sea in subs. And at home : baP le of production, overtime, rationing, new ta::'s,, war bonds, no golf balls, no girdles, no cars, no pants cuffs, the USO, and scrap aluminum. iio\v fortunate we are to be able to honor Ihipiiag that stands for the things we stand for, like the freedom of speech, the right of trial liiy peers, the right to choose who governs us, in our way rather than to be forced to bow, or be beaten, down before a swastika. The flag symbolizes, too, the task we still have aliead. We have only begun to fight this v.aV. We are still elated when we drive the enemy off and keep him from advancing. Tlris is not enough. To win and defeat fascism it will take & full scale attack, sup]eorted by the entii’e nation and all 25 other nations vshich are our allies. .
DL
aaue
•!B(ir’s rote: The following editorials were run. in the war-time r.iponent of J917'18. They express the patriotic desire of the at thiit time to conserve food for the ware effort.
CUT THAT FOURTH MEAL A:visa with the wheatless and meatless days, “clean !aicam]iaigns, and others of a similar nature, why at lii.iit ourKcdve.s to three meals per day. We have. ■ en tu)d that w’e should conserve-in every way posiMi; and thei-e is perhaps no better place in which to U:)t tl-a.) io cut out the lunches and feeds between ■ 'j lii'ce nieals per day is sufficient for the averse wmlving man as W'ell as the ordinary student. A i v-a: jiiaiiy nnivei'sities and colleges are advocating !n, c.-nnpaign. Besides the conservation of food we avv Oil)- hi.ulth to look aftei;. We have been told time iid iinic again not to eat between meals yet we have ivoi bul little hoed to this advice. So, the next time op rtai't to eat a “fourth meal” just remember that 1: id(.. doing your stomach an injustice you are helpig llio Irai.sei- win the war.—January 19, 1918.
CLEAN PLATES A “Ch an Plate” campaign i.s to be started and it is. Via- duty of eveiy student in the University to sign iiiCsc (dodge cai'ds that are issued by the U. S, Food Adiuiidslration. It i.s ti-ue that there are very few stuo’( 1)1:,Wlio do not eat all the food on their plates, but it i:i foj- tlioKo few' and some who are apt to forget that lliia carnpiugn i;; being waged.
The pledge cards do not obligate the signer in any (drier w.-iv than to eat what is on his plate and asks ior no mom-y or any other contribution of a similar 01 !.■, it has been e.stimated that there is enough io';-! ]i f1 on the (jlates of men in each of the fraterr.j/'d:: .Mild boardiing club.s to feed three men each meal. J.Tihij/ly thi:-; by the number of fi-aternitie.s and boarding ciub::, and it is ea.oy to see the result. “C'ean Plates” are the big thing in this campaign end l^ui’due niu:.;t have more pledge cards signed than : ny (dlif-r (idiicatipnal institution for Purdue must J ■■•id ilii,. movement as it led the Y.M.C.A. war fund diivc. Evei-yone together — sign the “Clean Plate” cai'd.^.—D(:cember 1C, 1917.
Amcjicaii t) oop.s .aie being equipped because of that J'ai|io-phonogi-aph Mio and Mrs. America didn’t buy this year. 7'he steel in an average radio-phono-graph Would make close to a dozen bayonets.
The wood in one average civilian house would make tw’.o defense houses for war workers and their famiiiigs.
MERinr-40-ROIIIID By Drew Pearson and Robert^ S. Allen Employer-Labor Conference Will Draff Wage Sfabilizafion Plan As Inflafion Control WASHINGTON, June 13—Senator Lister Hill of Alabama carefully avoided saying so publicly, but he was talking for the White House when he proposed a national employer-labor conference to draft a wage stabilization agreement to curb inflatory pay increases and labor pirating in war plants. - Hill got an enthusiastic go-ahead signal from the President before springing the plan. , Another inside fact is that two members of the War Labor Board strongly endorsed Hill’s idea at a closed-door session of the Senate Labor Committee. They were Dr. Frank P. Graham, president of North Carolina University, and Robert Watt, international representative of the AFL. Watt hotly denounced Manpower Chief Paul McNutt for “acting without the advice of labor and management” in handling the manpower program. Watt contended that vital war production problems —including wage controls, inventories of men and machinery, and training of workers—would never be solved “unless McNutt changes his tune.” © More Charges Watt also charged that McNutt had issued his recent “job-freezing” and “work or fight” directives without asking the views of labor chiefs. “To be successful,” Watt declared, “the manpower program requires the full cooperation of those closest to the problem—management and labor. No directive regarding manpower should be issued until both have been consulted. We need less of Mr. McNutt’s directives and more democracy in the functions of the Manpower Board.” “One of the most impoi'tant war labor problems at the moment is wage stabilization,” broke in Senator Hill. “Do you think that the President should Call a national conference of management and labor to reach a vdlimtary agreement on that, similar to the agreement against strikes and lockouts reached at the management-laboi' conference last year?” “I’rti wholeheartedly in favor of that,” replied Watt. “So am I,” added Graham. “Fine,” said Hill, “and the President is for it, so maybe we will get some action.” « Jesse Jones Faith Jesse Jones is still smarting over criticism about pitting his judgment against the State and War Departments that Japan would never take Java, thereby cutting off our rubber, tin, qfiinine, etc. The other day he received a group of insurance men who had come to see him about war risk insurance. “You’re looking fine, Mr. Secretary,” said one of them, “especially considering all the tremendous work you’re doing.” “You liiean considering all the pounding I’m taking from the newspapers on the rubber shortage. “The trouble with the newspapers,” continued Jesse, “is that they haven’t pny faith in America” “Yon mean faith that Japan won’t take Java,” joked one of the insurance executives. “U mean faith that Japan Won’t keep Java,’’ the Secretary of Commerce snapped back. ® War Flashes The War Department scon will break still more precedents. It will start accepting women doctors in the Army Medical Corps. They will be assigned chiefly, to the WAAC, and also for general eye, ear, nose and throat work. . . . If you are a business executive, and uncertain about tax deductions for advertising and pay increases, you can get “informal” advice by applying to the Internal Revenue Bureau under a new Treasury ruling. © Nepotism Grabs Despite the war the old boodling practice of nepotism is as prevalent as ever on Capitol Hill. Conspicuous example is Representative John Rankin of Mississippi, who never misses a chance to parade loudly his devotion to “the people.” But he does not prate about his wife who is on the congressional payroll for $3,250 a year as his secretary though she does no work in his office. Rankin ofl'ei'ed a unique explanation when questioned about this by a reporter. He said that Mrs. Rankin’s salary goes into an “office fund” to- pay the wages of a special staff of workers which he said he employed to “help me fight the power trust.” , Another exponent of the “hidden relative” act is Representative J. Edgar Chenoweth of Colorado, whose son, Bill, draws $3,500 a year while attending a Washington university. Young Chenoweth i.s on. the payi-oll as his father’s secretary, but is seldom seen in the office. Two other congre.ssmen who billet relatives on the congressional payroll are: Representative Louis C. Rabaut of Michigan, who.se daughter, Mary Jane, is listed at $3,800 a year as her father’s secretary; and Representative George Bates of Ma.ssachusetts, whose daughter, Mary L., draws $1,500 a year as clerk in her father’s office. Note: Other exposes of congressional nepotism will follow in future columns. • Felix And Tom Inner circle New Dealers are all aflutter about an .encounter between Justice Felix Frankfurter and onetime potent braintruster Tom Corcoran. For years the two men were the most intimate friends. From the halls of Harvard Law School, Fi'ankfurter pulled the wires and, as the political trouble .shooter of the White House, Corcoran planted smart young Frankfurter disciples in key posts all over Vv’a.shingtoii. But after the legal .sage of Cambridge ascended to the Supreme Court, he turned against Corcoran, who had labored mightily to elevate him to the august bench. . So for nearly two years the two meir avoided each other. But the other day John Rauh, brilliant young New Dealer who re,signed as assistant general counsel of the Lend-Lease Administration to join the Army, departed for foreign service. A large group of friends went to the depot to see him off. Among them wore Frankfurter and Corcoran, who together had given Rauh his start in Washington. Separately they bade -him affectionate adieu, eyed each other coldly, then turned away. (Copyright, 1942, by United Feature'Syndicate, Inc.)
GRItt AND BBAR IT
By Lkhty
ASME Announces Sam Lloyd Chairman University branch of the AmeVievari Society of Mechanical Engineers apnounces the following new officers-for the'coming year: Sam Lloyd, chairman; Robert Klega, secretai’y-treasurer; Dave Utley, first vice chairman; Joseph Wiggins, second vice chairman; Robert Kinney, third vice chairman, and Gilbert Carlson, fourth vice chairman; Floyd Neyhart, publicity. Dave A. Utley was' awarded a certificate in recognition of his efforts and accomplishments in the student branch of ASME. A book, “Autobiography of an Engineei^” by W. L. Emmet, was awarded to
George Topinka for work done during the past year. T K,. This summer the ASME series of engineering movies an(!|i,; lectures. Membership applications H may be obtained in the office of the Mechanical Engineering Building.
‘You know Dr. Truffle who’s been trying to find out what’s ■wrong with rny stomach, dear? Well, I’m bringing him home to dinner tonight.”
SUN. -MON. . . . 2 HITS GINGER ROGERS
in her greatest and funniest role... as
Adolphe MENJOU George MONTGOMERY plus
University Calendar
Week Of June 14
Sunday, June 14
3:00 P.M.4:30 P.M.-
-Glee Club Concert ....North Ballroom, Union -Glee Club Reception Old Chestnut Room
Monday, June 15
9:00 A.M.—House Directors’ Training School ; 9:00 A.M.—Canners’ Technician School.. 7:16 P.M.—Reamer Club Meeting
...WRH ...Hort. Building ...Room 304, Union
Tuesday, June 16
8:00 A.M.9:00 ,A.^4:00 P.M.7:00 P.M.7:00 P.M:7:30 P.M.8:00 P.M.-
-Canners' Technician School Hort. Building -House Directors’ Training School ; WRH -Committee on State of University Room 263, Union -Christian Science Organization..Room 303, Union -Alpha Phi Omega Meeting.. Room 307, Union -Tau Beta Pi Meeting .; Room 366, Union -Older Youth Meeting Tower, Union
10:00 P.M.—Older .Youth Recreation.
..Hast Faculty Lounge,
Union
Wednesday, June 17 8:00 A.M.—Canners’ Technician School........Hort. Building 9:00 A.M.—House Directors’ Training y ' School ...... j ..........WRH 10:00 A.M.—State Sunday School Conven- ^ tion Eliza Fowler Hall ' > 2:30 P.M.—Sjtate Sunday School Convention—Young People ......: East Faculty Lounge,
Union .
2:30 P.M.—State Sunday School Convention—Children’s Workers West Faculty Lounge, ’ Union 2:30 P.M.—County' Officers Meeting....: Room 363, Union 7:30 P.M.—Pimdue Forestry- Club Room 256, Hort. Bldg. 7:30 P.M.—Christian Fellowship Room 307, Union 7:30 P.M.—Marriage Course , Rooms 302-304, Union 7:30 P.M.—^University Club Bridge Group..East Faculty Lounge,
Union
8:00 P.M.—Summtir Session Mu.sical— Clarence Dickinson Hall of Music
8:00 A. M. 9:00 A.M.-
9:30 A.M.
9:30 A.M.—,
9:30 A.M.10:00 A.M.-
3:00 P.M.8:00 P.M.-
8:00 A.M.9:00 A.M.9:15 A.M. 9:15 A.M. 9:16 A.M.,10:00 A.M.10:00 A.M.4:30 P.M.9:00 A.M.I 6:00 P.M.-
7:00 P.M.-
Thursday, June 18 -Canners’ Technician School ...Hort. Building House Directors’ Training v School ... WRH State Sunday School Convention—Young Pedple East Faculty Lounge,
Union
State Sunday School Conven-
tion—Children’s Workers West Faculty Lounge,
Union
-County Officei's Room 363,, Uniort —State Sunday School Convention .....Eliza Fowler Hall -Screen Review .....Hall of Music -AIME Lecture .Room 263, Union . Friday, June 19 —Canners’ Technician School Hort. Building —House Directors’ Training School ; ; WRH -State Sunday School Convention East Faculty Lounge,
Union
—State Sunday School Convention West Faculty Lounge,
Union
-State Sunday School Convention Room 363, Union -Trade and Industrial Education Committee Room 263, Union -State Sunday School Convention - ...Eliza Fowler Hall -Cosmopolitan Club Meeting. Room 304, Union Saturday, June 20 -House Directors’ Training School ..WRH -Physics Building Dedication ....West Faculty Lounge,
Union
-POMM Rough Initiation ,....Armory
They're Strong for Wine, Women and Song! Living On Love and Laughter in a Down-to-Earih Paradise!
Extra Joy! PETE SMITH SPECIALTY
AIR conditioned COOL
HEADS UP!
NOW PLAYINGMARS
NOV/ SHOWING DOUBE, FEATURE THUMBS UP!
The Story of their glory! The RAP'S Fearless Foreign Legiojs! NTERNATIONAI. SQUADRON” You'll Gasp At These Reckless HurSSing Hell Caps!
wi(h
RONALD RFAGAW
OLYMPHE BRADNA
Plus-
It 5 the story of a man who had one in Heaven and the other in Hot Water!
ONE FOOT
FREDERIC MARCH
with
HEAVEN" MARTHA SCOTT^ 1 ■’i, ^ •,’’ ■' irt ^ 5 ^ r*" * “•'* t '”’ *“ r ^ ^ Sunday, June <14, 1942 BoilermaKer Sports Pages
All-Stars Take On Great Lakes Nine Tuesday Voinoff Played Guard oports Communiqueqi Pc^rich Will Attempt To Break
^ ^1 • I • ii|. ' By Bob Hadley
On Championship Teams
Sailors 20 Game Winning Streak
By Ed Karpick
Samuel “Sammy” Vomoff lends an international flavor to the Boilermaker coaching staff, Sammy who acts as assistant to football coach Elmer Burnham, was born near Sofia, the Capital of Bulgaria. He came to this country in 1921 when he was 13 years old. Sammy could not speak a word of English at the time of his arrival, so he had to start his schooling all over again Evi-
It must be the weather Indiana baseball clubs seem to adhere to the same brand of baseball ^At least statistics seem to indicate that the records of the Hoosiers fiom lU and the Boilermakers in Big Ten competition during the past season have a lot in common To start at the end, both nines wound up the season with a record of five wins and seven losses, placing them in the middle of a 4-way tie for third, to look at it from an optimistic standpoint. CActually there were only two teams. Northwestern and Chicago, that weren’t
tied for at least third place )
In a two game series in the course of the season, the two teams Split Both squads managed to accumulate a season total of 98 hits fOr 47
dently he learned rapidly and well, for in 1928 Sammy enrolled While the Hoosiers were superior m the heidmg department, b^ving
here at the University. For those of us that think we did well to finish high school on schedule with our natural advantages of a life long knowledge of the English language, it might be interesting to note that it took Sammy just three and a half years to finish the
required work.
Sam played fieshman football undei “Cotton” Wilcox, who was one of the best backs that evei played on a Boilermaker eleven Duiing his sophomoie yeai Voinoff played guard on the conference championship team coached by
Jimmy Phelan
Watch Charm Guard
The next yeai “Nobe” Kizer took ovei the i eigns, and Sammy finished his playing days under the popular mentoi During these last two sea sons Sammy was fust string guard This is no small achievement since Sammy never scaled more than 163 pounds duiing his playing days In his thiee years on the team Voinoff played on conference cham pionship teartis in his sophomore and senioi yegis, and in his junioi yeai the team lost two games They lost to Indiana, 7 6, for the only loss td tbe Hoosieis duiing Voinoff’s careei^ pnd dropped another contest to Michigan by a 14 13 scoie The
IM 'Schedules
The following Fraternity Softball games will be played Tuesday evening June 16 at
6 30
Diamond 1 Phi Kappa vs Phi Kappa Sigma 2 Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Sigma Nu 3 Alpha Sigma Phi vs Pi Kappa Phi 4 Alpha Tau Omega vs Sigma Alpha EpSiIon 6 Phi Gamma Delta vs Tau Epsilon Phi 6 Phi Kappa Tau vs Delta Chi 7 Alpha Chi Rho vs Phi Delta Theta 8 Beta Theta Pi vs Lambda Chi Alpha 9 Kappa Sigma vs Sigma Pi Delta Upsilon vs Pi Kappa Alpha Acacia vs Triangle Theta Tau vs Beta Sigma Psi Delta Tau Delta vs Ka^a Delta Rho Phi Sigma Kappa vs Tau Kappa Epsilon Sigma Alpha Mu vs Sigma Chi Alpha Gamma Rho vS Theta Chi Phi Kappa Psi vs Theta Xi
As the feature attraction of the gala victory celebration and bond sales at Monticello Tuesday afternoon and evening. Coach Fehring’s Riveter All-Stars will clash with the high riding Great Lakes diamond squad in a game which will get under way at 1 ‘30 at the City Park, south of the city’s business section. Not planning to go up to Monticello “just for the ride,” — the All-Stars, made up of this
year’s Boilermaker squad and
Sports Shorts several Lafayette Red Sox players in addition to a former
schedule The extent of Coach Dutch Fehiing’s juggling pioblem, bi ought about by the early wai
Cary Hall will have a practice round in time commencement and consequent
Horseshoes Tuesday evening June lb from
an average of 941 against 936 for the Riveteis, the latter excelled at the plate by some four percentage points, the lespective^ttijig-averages being 236 and 232 , Promoters have been laying awake nights agaiif and sqm^thing new and different is proposed for Cincinnati’s Army-Navy Relief game scheduled for June 30 A doubleheader is planned with the first game pitting the combined forces of the Cubs and the Reds against the Great Lakes nine, and in the second the Cub-Red coalition will break up and the two teams will meet in a tegular national league battle The first game will be a twilight gam^^ the second will follow a military demonstration and will be
under the lights
The Biooklyn “Dotchas” are going to try an experiment as a result of a slight easing of the dim out East coast ban, which originally put a crimp in Dodgei night game plans A revision of the Aimy ban to peimit
the use of Ebbetts held lights foi one houi at night, has given Larry e"veurr/'-from^ 4 tr°G Four former Purdue football Macphail and ciew the idea of starting the games at 7 p m and bringing o clock piaymg the best two out of three stars who have enlisted in the U S
Naval Reserve have been asigned
Einie Young, haid hitting third Wabash hurler. Will be out to baseman, was the only membei of break the Sailors’ brilliant 20
Puidue’s baseball squad who appeared in all 25 games on the 1942
Sammy Vomoff
the lights as darkness sets in
The chances are that the idea will elicit a certain amount of unpleasantness from opposing team members at times I^layOrs who can harken back to bush league experiences will doubtless remember twiliglit-to-dusk-to-night encounters where definite difficulties were experienced in keeping track of the ball during the period between the time that daylight begins to fail and the time when the lighting system becomes very effective Perhaps with the modern lighting plant available, the Brooklyn club can overcome the difficulty. 1
give his light aim to see
Duiing the second quarter of this game Sammy turned m one of the best plays- oi his careei, but it went foi naught Sammy came m fast and diopped “Pug” Rentner foi a long loss when the Wildcat halfback went back to pass, but the officials
o clock The following will be the practice schedule Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 4 Cary Hall 2 vs Cary Hall 6 Caiy Hall 3 vs Cary Hall 5
Caiy Hall 7
Thuisday evening June 18 will be the first regular round in Horseshoes with the
following units playing Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Hall ^ Cary Hall 2 vs Cary Hall 3 Cary Hall 4 vs Cary Hall 5
These games will be played each Tues day and Thursday evening from
games
losses to the armed services and defend mdustiies, is levealed by the fact that only thiee players— Young, Catchei Walter Smith, and Shoitstop Bill Buighaidt — played in all 12 games on the Big Ten
schedule
game winning streak.
Big Paul Petrich, most effective hurler on this year’s Boilermaker squad, has been nominated by Fehring to start on the mound for the All Stars Petiich has been keeping PROBABLE STARTING LINEUPS
to duty m the Navy’s physical haidening piogram Lt Glen W Hai meson has been attached to the Pensacola, Fla, Naval Air Station,
ALL-STARS Kosman, cf Danielson, 2b.
Leifheit.lf
Blanken, rf
Myers, ss.
Ehlers, 3b.
Smith, c Berto, lb Petrich, p.
GREAT LAKES Baumholtz, cf
McCoy, 2b.
Lucadello, sa.
Padgett, If. Grace, rf Andres, 3b. Hadjuk, lb.
Hershuny, c.
Dunker, Fishman, or Renninger, p.
The following Cary Hall Softball games will be played Monday evening June 15 at
4 00
Diamond
1 Caiy Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 4 2 Cary Hall 2 Vb Cary Hall 5 3 Cary Hall 3 vs Cary Hall 6
The following Ward Softball games will while Lt Fled Stalcup and Enslgns be played Monday evening June 15 at 6 45 , Wayne Gift and Carl Heldt are sta- m fine shape by pitching for the tioned at the University of Iowa local Ameiican Legion club In his
Diamond
4 Ward 1 vs 5 Ward ^ vs C Ward 5 vs 7 Ward 22 vs 8 Ward 26 vs
Ward 29 Ward 4 Ward 21 Ward 2r Ward 27
naval aviation pre flight school
Riveter Sports Squads Compile High Average In Year's Meets Paced by the Big Ten championship wrestling and cross-
first time out two weeks ago Paul turned in a no hit performance with only one lun being scored on him, and that due to a base on balls
coupled with an error Stars Have Full Schedule
Beginning at 10 o’clocK Tuesday
Foiiest “Fiosty” Spiowl, sharpshooting senior forwaid on the Purdue basketball quintet of last sea son, has been named as a membei of the mythical All Ameiican bas-
ketball squad selected annually by moining when they will \eave for Chuck Taylor Sprowl, one of the Monticello, the All Stars will have
ing stiategy the Badgeis scoied 21 - , i j -d m
points in the fiist ten minutes of luled inteifeience on Paul Paidon- country teams, the eleven Riveter intercollegiate sports squads leading Big ten scoiers, was named a complete, colorful sqhedule laid Rivetbislofet th® Wolverine contest the pame Then Kizei put the light iiei, the Rivetei qUaiteiback compiled one of the best dual competition records in the past out foi them and lasting until they
after they had piled up a 13 point team into the game, and the Boilei When both men lose from the turf, [Jecade during the 1941-42 season, according* to a Complete
two successive sea- return home late in the evening
lead*ih the fust thiee minutes The game was played on a veiy warm day and the team bogged down un der thig hegt of the day and could
not back in stride Strategy Backfires
In his senioi yeai the team lost a game to Wisconsin, after the Boil ei maker coaching stiategy had baekfiied Noimally Sam Voinofl and Bud Letpngei, a 170 pouiidei staited at guaid posts Ihe coaching staff decided to start the heaviest team possible since the Badgeis had a veiy big squad With typical disiegaid ioi coach
makeis began to move They scoied Rentner said, “To bad Bud, that was
14 points, and with two minutes to u nice play ” go they had the ball inside the 15 Stone Wall
yaicl line At this point the Badgeis Intelceptod a Boilei maker pass and stopped the diive Championship Game At the close of the season the Boileimakeis played Noithwestein in a game for the confeience cham pionahip Ihe Wildcats had the
p I cat Pug All Amei lea
With the ball on the two yaid lino and foui downs to go for a touchdown, the Boilermakers stopped the diive cold On the fust play Bud Letsingei, the other guaid Ookie Millei, the center, and Sammy opened a big hole in the centei of the line and Ookie spilled Rentner
Rentnei, a two time foi a 4 yaid loss The Wildcats lost halfback spearhead the ball on downs on the 11 yaid
Bowling Standings
EDGERTON HDWE., INC.
HARDWARE—PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
‘B” Bracket
SCOBEE’S
All Kinds of Photogiaphic Supplies I resh rdiu and rdin Pks - Try Our Quality Kodak Fiuishtng - PROMPT SERVICE
111} then attack that yeai The line Some defense
} anio was one of those that any Many of the football experts be dyed in the wool football fan would lieve that the best men are ngt al
ways on the All Ameiica teams In Voinoff’s opinion, the best man he evei played against was ‘ Batchy”
Koch, a guard on the Baylor team, Phi Delta Theta a player whose name is not on any Kappa Sigma of the All Ameiica lists Ano'ther Pi Kappa Phi outstanding man that Voinoff had Theta Chi to play against in the Noithwestern Alpha Tau Omega
game was Riley, a 235 pound tackle Sam has been a membei ot the Rivetei coaching staff since his giaduation in 1932 He is maiiied and has a daughter, Judith Ellen
Phone 2343
105 Northwestern Ave.
summery released today The Boilermaker squads, competing m a total of 120 dual inter-
collegiate engagements during the year, chalked up 74 victories as compared with 45 defeats and one tie for a 621
mark.
Jn addition to the Big Ten title honors won by the matmen and har riers, the squash team took the Western Collegiate championship honors, the perennially strong pistol team placed second m the na tional intercollegiate matches, and the swimmers captured the Indiana state title Seven out of the 11 tea s in competition during the wei finished then dual campaigns wit marks of 500 or better The com ete sum mary of dual inter coir :iate en gagements for Boiler ma if squads
lows
Pet
1 000
857 826 800
“A” Bracket Delta Upsilon
Sigma Alpha Epsilon Phi Kappa Tau Caiy Hall South Delta Tau Delta Phi Gamma Delta Pi Kappa Alpha Lambda Chi Alpha Alpha Sigma Phi
Beta Theta Pi
Sigma Nu
Acacia
Alpha Chi Rho Triangle Phi Sigma Kappa
W
5
4
4 3 3 3 3 2
2
1
W
h 6
4
4 3 3 2
2
2 0
duiing the 1941 42 season
Arrows are good sports! Arrow Sport Shirts are good sport shirts because: 1— They’re cool They’re made for hotweather wear . . . made so the cool air can come in' 2— They’re comfortable They’re sized numerically, like your regular shirts, to fit your neck and body perfectly 3— They’re made by Arrow — which means they’re made to last longer' Come in today and pick out your favorites! $2.25
Dewenters 416 Main Street
DEAC SAYS: Get your Father’s Day cards and gifts from our large assortment. FATHER’S DAY —JUNE 21st H. G. “Deac” REISNER BOOK STORE
Sport Cl OSS Countiy Wiestling 6 Pistol - Squash Swimming Basketball Tennis Baseball ^ Track Football
Golf
The entire squad will each lunch
at the Sportsman hotel at Lak^
Two membei s of Purdue’s base- Fieeman fiom where they will go ball squad finished among the fiist directly to the ball park After the ten in the final Big Ten batting av- ball game they will eat and then erages, Dick Myers, second base- take part in the gigantic victory man, who clouted out a 400 maik, paiade starting at 6 30 In addition and Ernie Young, “most valuable” to both teams, four movie actresses thud baseman, who was ciedited —namely Shirley Ross, Mary Howwith a 364 average ard, Mrs Pat O’Brren, and Arleen Whalen—will be on hand for the
In Hoosierdom’s Big Ten athletic P^^^de
rivalry between Purdue and Indr- Dunker May Start
ana, the Boilermakers earned a 6 4 edge in ten contests in nmp sports during the past sedson The Boilermakers turned m victories m track.
Mickey Cochrane, manager of the Great Lakes outfit, has not as yet announced his starting hurler
,, , but several possible choices have wrestling, cioss countiy, swimming , i j t-. i j; . , , , „ , been listed Don Dunker, former
and tennis, while the Hoosiers tii umphed in football, basketball and golf The two game baseball senes
was split
Hoosier ace, may get the call as might P shman or Renninger All three have been instiumental in keeping the winning streak going John Rigney, recently with the Cbi-
Jack White, who started his ath- cago White Sox, is a doubtful start-
letic caieei at Purdue as a sopho more quarterback on the unde feated 1929 Big Ten championship football eleven, is now a Majoi in the U S Aimed Forces Jack, who
74 45 1
was elected to Pi Tau Sigma, national honoiaiy mechanical engi neeiing fiateinity duiing his under graduate days at Puidue, was recently graduated from a training couise at Foit Knox with a general average of 99 16, the highest ever made in the school 621
Notice
Puidue’s home football schedule this fall will be the most atti active
ei since he saw action only thiee days ago when he heat the Phila-
delphia Phillies, 2-1
Fehiing has indicated that his starter, Petnch, will stay in as long as he is effective against the powerful Sailoi bats Should he run into tiouble, any of three hurlers will be available for immediate action Joe Millei, long, 6 ft 4 m, moundsman on this yeai’s Wabash nine and a Monticello boy, would piobably be Fehrmg’s next choice. Misselhorn, Kennedy May Pitch Ed Misselhoin may see action on
in histoiy The Boileimakeis open the mound along with Jack Ken-
Gold & Black officials are needed Anyone wishing to officiate fraternity Gold & Black games call 2875 Officials will be paid for working these games
the Ross Ade stadium against Foidham’s Sugai Bowl champions and will also peifoim in fiont of the home folks against Wisconsin, Indiana, and the all stai Gigat
Lakes eleven
ocalavt conunTRATta moUTtf UIASH lU,
boca lav Tjbie^Highly^Coxrcenfaraf^ MOIKIH W%SiH Sweetens) |he] ^Breath ^Pleosingtia l^eintbts^recomQien<ntjcis oiro^ to MoutUlHy^enwaidfatv iMouth Deodorant
EconomicqLto uae cu^i^ops in|%79^a8s ot water make a perfect A.4 oz bottle ice^volent IFrom 75^4t£K$2f25j[«BclbQtd9
JoebA
SANttOHE OwR ^ ^ /iiVES
Here’s why.:; Soils, perspiration, and fibrechafing grit are removed more thoroughly Fabrics become soft and supple .. • colors, too, seem to show less wear. HAVE CLOTHeS SANIXONBD gBGULARLYI HMEmCAN LAUNDRY
132 NORTHWESTERN
DIAL 3085
nedy, one of the most piomismg membei s of Pop Doan’s tieshman squad Misselhoin finished the season with a fine three hit shutout against Minnesota Kennedy in addition to his pitching IS rated aa a leal sluggei Although Walt Smith is slated to start behind the plate for Fehring’s ciew, there is stiong possibility that Guy Wellman, captain-elect ot next year s Indiana team and currently a membei ot the Red Sox, will see some action Guy is a very good clutch hitter although not as consistent as Walt Mike Kosman, freshman baseball coach at Indiana and another Latayette peiioimei will stait in the outfield Still another Hoosiei ace and Red Sox playei, Don Danielson, will take taie of the second bas^ situation
Faculty Bowling
Team Geneial Engineer mg Science Chetmeal Engineering Phai maey Geneial Stoies Chemibtiy Horticulture Joint Highway Daily , Agricultural Chemistry
W 5 4 4 4 4 3 3 a I . 0
h 1 2 2 2 2 2 2 4 5r
' \ 4^ j ^ t ' ' ’ '" J'* ’ ' ’' . " ' lu ’ 5^ , , '• ^ / 's.^
Wfh f'^v J ,4 ^ ^
f f
Ui
f ^
Page 4
Piirdue Exponent
Sunday, June 14, 1942
State Farm Managers End Two Day Summer Meeting Walley Discusses Managers" im Schedules
Position In War Program
Classi{iQ.d Ads
Alpha 2eta Important meeting Wedncs day June 17 in room 305 of Union All memheyfi fHease attend —DIESSLlN
Typewriters—Adding Idachlnes all makea gold rented tepaired andpunha^ed Mimeograph wjrk done C J Eberahoff 605 Main,
Lafayette 1 hone 2779
Archery Airefiatr foi all men students Will bt htld evciy Monday Wednesduy and hiiday fiom 4 to 5 SO p m at the archery lange adjtcent to the Womens ttnnis courts I quipment and instruction will he available without charge at the range
—PRFYMAN
Lost Pan of iimless glasses in Union May 29 Reward tall 2r)r6
Over 45 professional farm managers and lural appraisers fiom all sections of the state weie on the campus Friday and yesteiday attending the summer meeting of the Northwest Indiana Farm Manageis The main feature of Friday afternoon’s program was a visit to a farm near Lafayette The gioup was divided into sections, and each section pre- ^ —
The following .Gold & Black gaihes will be pla’ ed at 6 lO Mon day evening Field 1—Theta Xi vs Alpha Kappa
Lambda
Field 2—K^pa Delta Rho vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon Field 1—-Acacia vs Sigma Nu Field 4—Sigma Alpha Mu vs Phi Kappa Tau
Notices
Mechnnionl Engineers Join the ASME now Stc Miss LaCavc in the main office ME bitilclint, —LLOYD
seated a plan foi the reorganization of the farm A general discussion followed the piesentation of each plan with each group trying to pick flaws in the other group’s proposals. Each membei of the gioup presented estimates upon the appraisal value of the faim, and appiaising was also discussed El sal Walley, head of the Walley Agiicnltural Seiviee of Foit Wayne and forniei piesident of the Amen can Society of Faim Managers and Rural Appiaiseis was the prmci pal speakei at a banquet held Fii day night Stresses Managers’ Responsibilities In his talk Walley stressed the place of profesEional faim manag eis and luial appiaiseis in winning the Avai and wiiting the peace He urged the suppoit ot the moye for making industiial alcohol irom farm pioducts Walley uiged the laim manageis and appiaiseis to stick to sound eco nomic piineiples with a minimum of dependence upon any piogiam using goyeinment financing Yesteiday s piogiam was devoted to discussion of plans foi the for mation of a state wide oiganization vihich would include all farm man agers and lural appraiseis who are membei s of the Ameiican society In the afternoon the two day meeting closed after a discussion on appiaisal conducted by J R Bowen of Indianapolis and Di E L Butz of the faim management depait ment
Personnel Notes
Wickard To Speak On Farm Problems
Secietaiy of Agiicultuie Claude R Wickaid Ag 15, will make a senes of Paim and Home Hour talks on wartime farm pioblems over the Blue Network each Friday at 1 do p m C W r The talks deal with the impoitaiit issues and developments of the wai as it conceins faim people and with the wai’s effects on then eveiyday affairs Suggestions and questions will be welcomed and listeners aie asked to address then letters to the Secietaiy of Agiicultuie, Washing ton, D C
DR PAUL A. RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD RISK ^ PENTItTS ~- 400-404 SciHill* tiag 4tli md Main St Lafayatta
JhsL QlmhdfUidL,
West Lafayette Baptist Church Rev Joseph Baud Gleason, Minister and Pastoi of Students 9 30 a m Roger Williams Club Class, Rev Gleason will teach the lesson 10 15 a m Church Worship Serv ice. Rev Gleason will give the mes sages on “Theie Is a Lad Heie ” The children’s chon will sing 5 30 p m Roger Williams Club Fellowship Houi 6 00 p m Suppei 0 30 p m Discussion Group, Dr 0 F Hall Will be the speaker University Church, Presbyterian North and Giant Stieets John W Findley, Minister Russell Shaw, Assistant 9 30 a m Student Class, Russell Shaw in charge 10 30 a m Morning worship Sermon topic “Saving the Best ” 6 00 p m Sunday Evening Club Suppei, fifteen cents
The following Doubles Tennis Matches will be played Monday evening, June 15, at 4 o’clock These matches are the semi finals and must be played as scheduled Couit !■—Sigma Alpha Mu vs Winnei of Alpha Chi Rho vs Theta Tau Couit 2—Phi Delta Theta vs Theta Chi
Phi Lamliila Upsilnn Business meetins Wednesday June 1 it 30 p m in Chetn islry bmldinf? J lection of p)« lf,(s —WHEELER
Pardne Flyms Club fheie will be a mcetiit, of the flyini, club Tuesdny June 16 it 30 in the Union Pkase biinu hies for summer semester —CROW
The following feiims Singles will be played Monday evening at 5 Couit 1—Sigma Alpha Mu vs Win nei of Tau Epsilon Phi vs Phi Kappa Court 2—Tiiangle vs Theta Xi Court 3—Phi Kappa Alpha vs Sig ma Phi Epsilon Court 4—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs Pi Kappa Phi Court 5—Phi Sigma Kappa vs Winner of Phi Kappa Sigma vs Delta Chi Couit 0—Delta Upsilon vs Acacia Couit 11—Phi Delta Theta vs A1 pha Chi Rho Coui t 12—Theta Chi vs Phi Kappa Tau
Gold Peppers P lj l w th Reamers i poslpt no I to Sund y J mo 21 —SIMONS
Dedication
Navy
(Continued from page 1) tiance to the quadrangle and stu dents the south entrance Visitors To Tour Campus A tour of inspection will follow the acceptance ceremony Duiing this tour the party will inspect the Naval Training School and other points of interest on the campus A foimal dinner in the Union will climax the day’s activities
(Continued from page 1) troseopic laboratory for work in atomic and molecular spectra Acoustical Lab On Ground Floor On the ground floor ot the Stuart Laboratory are elaborate acousti cal laboiatoifies as well as the labo 1 atones for conduction through gases and applied nucleai physics In the same wing are the election diffraction and X lay labor atones which are fully equipped loi inves tigation in the stiuctuie of matter and the study of mdustnal pi oh lems
Young Radiator Company, Ra line Wisconsin August and De icmbei Mr foi engineenng diafts men and laboiatoiy assistants Sign in Pcisonnel Office by Monday, June 15 Universal Cooler Corporation, Mai ion, Ohio ME and EE August graduates for design and expen mental laboratory wpik Sign m the Peisonnel Office by Wednesday, June 17 Onsrud Machine Works Inc , Chi cage, Illinois August and Decern bei ME Sign in Peisonnel Office by Wednesday, June 17 U S Navy Department, ‘Sea bees, ’ Washington, D C Men with constiuction expellence needed for eniollment in class V6 For fuithei infoimation consult bulletin board in youi school or the Personnel Of fice Whiting Corporation, Haivey, II linois ME with expeiience in diaft mg and student cngineeis Sign in the Peisonnel Office by Wednesday, June 17
In a New PALM BEACH SLIT
The first requirement for a summer suit is its coolness. The only true measure of coolness in a summer suit is the measure of air it allows to reach the skin and evaporate the hot, nncomfortahle body moisture. To secure this comfort, wear oiir new Koolerized Palm Beach.
¥10.50
BUY WHILE OUR STOCK IS FULL
'^uUumX. Inc.
WEST LAFAYETTE
Let’s Play TENNIS!
Now that intramural tennis has begun you can get your new Spalding well balanced and easily handled racquet at Decker’s.
Priced from $2.00 - $10.00 Also Head Covers, Presses, Balls
STOP US AND SEE VS NOW!
DiCKiR’S, Inc.
518-20 Mam
Phone 5036
Wear them with Pride, CROWN CLEANED CLOTHES
because Crown cleaning is unexcelled for quality.
All Garments Cleaned by Crown Are Moth Proofed
Crown Laundry
Top of the HiU
Reservists All male students 'tvho have not yet completed the two years basic military Tfnining required for f?iaduation and are ntiw membcis of the Nnvfel or Maiine Coips R serve repoit to the Adiutants of flee Purdue Aimoiy f r imfoitnnt infor mation lelative to y )ui statim - RIORDAN
AIME There will be a talk on Aluminum Manganese Bronzes Thtrsday Tune 18 8 pm R om 2b3 Union —SOHAI LIOI
IS'S mm Howitzer Squad- Executives Meetinj, Monday June ir at 4 p m
loom 205 of Armory —VANDERFORD
in
Purdue Underg:raduate Dames Club Mectinj, at ^ 30 p m Tuesday June If in the Union There will be n speaker —WESSON
PIA Chorus Meeting Tuesday June 14 t 30 p ni in room 307 of the Unun —HENDRICKS
WAA Tennis Players Boginneis tourna ment to btun Monday June 22 Girls in terebted sign up at Women « Gym —SCHUBER
PIA Board Vciy mportant meeting Monday June 15 at 4 p m SLEEPER
Ceres Regular meeting Tuesday June 16 at 30 p m in loom j()r in the Unim Important be there —BRADEIELD
All Union Committees Meet Monday June 1 in the following rooms PERSON NLI^ Hiller and Gee Room 201 A 8 Mathis B 1 Blakely C 1 Collistcr D 1 Blade E 1 Btyer T 1 Ellifiit G 1 Can non publicity—Friei ind Katterjohn Room 2b3 A 1 Clearwater C2 CoIIirs D2 Shaj iro D3 Woodward E2 Mai tin F2 Stallings C2 I ippert PUrTERlNC SHOPS Kiesttr office A 2 Rubei B 2 Slater D 4 ?ierc T 3 C ithne V 3 L viT G3 Cnldnrelh RECREAIION — jNcl or and H itchii Room A 3 Clark A 4 Dittman B 3 Quick C f Dil lica L 4 Santini h 4 Gluck ( 4 Johnson CAMERA AND CLUBS P rman off ce A f Driscoll B 4 Schutt C 4 Wilson D > Noeltmg r 5 PiU£.iy G 5 Paylieiulo G f Seno It DEFENSE Chapman an f SroLl t Room 2''( A b Walk ns B Dv irak B ( Cofling C 5 Cohen D ( Wr ght L 5 Bush G7 Ciaig MUSIC ROOM MacDon all office A HilUid B Sm tli Cf May D Stallings E 6 Flanagan F 6 Reynolds
Students Those desiring to fire in the second Novice Pistol Group which starts liiefaday June 16 may sign up in the sup ply room now —LT BROWN
unhapIpy love
Olivia (le Haviland and George Brent play the roles
Engineer Staff Picnic for all stalf mem bets and workers will be 1 eld Satuiday afteinom JUne 20 Sjgn up in the oflice befoie Wednesday if y i expect to go —YOUNGBLOOD
of two people who were biofiight together by their mutual unhappiness Scene from Warner Bros * stark him ‘ In This Our Life,” currently ^ at the Lalayetle Thealre
Newman Club All members of Newman Cl b int lestcd in a mixel loubles tci i is touinament should call 2413 and notify Charlie Clail —lANUlI
Tau Beta Pi Imi rtant meet nj., on Tues lay J 1 e 16 i t io Room to be ai noi need 1 tei Ice Cl earn for ref re hments 1 irst fifteen men will r cc v i la uie YOUNGBLOOD
Schedule of Debris Senior Picture Sittings
Photographers from Dexheimcr-Carlon Studios, Indianapolis, will be taking Debris pictures in Room 60 in the sub-basement of the Union Building, starting at 8:30 A. M., Monday, June 8. Every senior who has signed up with the Debris has a definite time and will be expected to appear at that time. Each senior will receive a card through the mail telling the exact time of the sitting. A minimum charge of $1.50 is made for the regular Debris pictures and is payable at the time the picture is taken.
MONDAY, JUNE 15
TUESDAY, JUNE 16
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 17
8 30
Fassnacht Jean
8 30
Hawkins J W
8 30
Wasson D L
8 35
Krampe F j
8 35
Schumancher D C
8 35
Visin R J
8 40
Shiiner W H
8 40
Platt Dorothy
8 10
Stewart G R
8 45
Pasko J
8 15
Turner Lois
8 45
F sher T R
8 50
Schickler Helen
8 50
Traylor W H
S 50
Worsloy Anita
8 55
Stiver ) M
8 55
Moffett C R
8 55
Ullom W L
9 00
Jones W M
9 00
Schaev tz Y P
9 00
Neubauer W
9 05
Phillips R W
9 05
Wilson R E
9 05
Diltz R
9 10
Coville H A
9 10
Redlikh W R
9 10
Hawk ns J W
9 15
Sheehy C
9 15
Sandleben J
9 15
Jackson A L
9 20
Vanderford J R
9 20
Ross D C
9 20
Sautter R
9 25
Wolf G W
9 25
Stockinger E F
9 25
Amos j
9 30
Wolfe M W
9 30
Schaftner D W
9 30
Hadley D R
9 35
Seeburger R F
9 35
Rah Wanda
9 35
9 40
Weiss R L
9 40
Niemeyer Gloria
9 40
9 45
Smith R H
9 45
Per A F
9 45
9 50
Huffman C 0
9 50
Stettner R
9 50
Dannemiller R J
9 55
Hudelson G D
9 55
NolanJ j L
9 55
Sm th R E
10 00
Rossell Janet
10 00
Mart n J 0
10 00
Ragsriile Dorothy
10 05
Parsons J R
10 05
K ag J R
10 05
1 lyde Mary Lee
10 10
Quant A J
10 10
Saye SI Icy
10 10
Yahres jean
10 15
Stewart R G
10 15
11 rock n jrtu a G M
10 Ij
W si e J P
10 20
Shornstein H E
10 20
Wo C M
10 20
Mers Can
10 25
Osborn W L
10 ^0
P al ha aa f E
10 7j
A nold A M
10 30
Virtue Mary C
10 ^0
Schall c 1 W L
10 30
10 35
Ten Eyck R L
10 S’’
Schap to S
10 35
10 40
Whitenack E B
10 40
Park 1 M
10 40
10 45
Ross C M
10 45
Orr R W
10 45
10 50
Wingert R J
10 50
Chrstophor G
10 50
10 55
Smith R W
10 55
L ag R B
10 55
Gilo/ j M
1 1 00
Merley Erdine
1 1 00
Le Master D F
1 1 00
W 11 e N
1 1 05
Stamm Jane
1 1 05
Larson R B
1 1 05
W ley W M
1110
Rothschide M M
1110
Ostroff N 1
1110
Pat ons J F
11 15
Scheffer H D
1115
Norr s R E
11 Ij
Gu rl Flo sc
1 1 20
Paulsem E L
1 1 20
P ercc 0 R
1 1 20
CoughI n W N
1 1 25
Von Behren R A
1 1 25
Reebes J P
1 1 25
Spal e R W
1 1 30
Welch S B
1 1 30
Woltcr G R
1 1 30
Buechele Roberta J
11 35
Thorpe L W
1 1 35
Dirsons B L
1 1 35
Sexson j C
1 1 40
Woodward R E
1 1 40
SloccI el C A
1 1 40
1 1 45
Steele S L
1 1 45
Russell B B
1 1 45
1 1 50
Oliphant Margaret
1 1 50
Parkci R F
1 1 50
1 1 55
Silva A D
1 1 j5
Wilkinson F E
1 1 55
1 00
Malicoat R E
1 00
Welsh W F
1 00
Wulf C A
1 05
Johnson W A
1 05
VaaDeusonm R H
1 05
Thomp.30n Lois
1 10
Green M Anne
1 10
Welbaum L A
1 10
Grand G S'
1 15
Hlinka J A
1 15
Weaver P J
1 15
Simon 4 B
1 20
Goldste n N M
1 70
Trosi Marih i
1 20
Pott n cchi R
1 25
Sunderland M B
1 25
Pf sicser Virginia
1
Rennak 1 M
1 30
Salzer R L
1 30
Irw n J R
1 30
Noose A A
1 35
Newhouse D L
1 35
Sch II P J
1 33
Nemeth J L
1 40
Weber H A
1 10
Gobble c r
1 40
1 linel no B C
1 45
Walker Roberta
1 45
Pat Ion E L
1 45
Bon ck J F
1 50
Keefer T B
1 50
Scholl Marc a
1 50
Verba M
1 55
Gallager B E
1 >j
Leonard B R
1 55
4 leger N
2 00
Hirschman Dorothy
2 00
SjLitharcl W D
2 00
lurner C L
2 05
Mahan W F
2 05
Smith R C
2 05
We nfurtnor R K
2 10
Nugent C T
2 10
0 terling B W
2 10
Thomp on Marion
2 15
Strong H R
2 15
Shepard f. K
2 15
Spencer M R
2 20
Sumner W J
2 20
Schoeff R W
2 20
Scoqgan J
2 25
Steck D A
2 25
Saxton R E
2 25
Pfenninger J
2 30
Norcross R 0
2 30
Shead T
2 30
Nordlinger E W
2 35
Stoner D F
2 35
Richardson Charlotte
2 35
Shepard on D W
2 40
Stickrod Jane
2 40
Young Nancy
2 40
Schowe L F
2 45
Patton W K
2 45
Wiese D H
2 45
Neff J F
2 50
Bauer W F
2 50
Haltman Carolyn
2 jO
Turner R FI
525
Hotter G
2 55
Floner R E
2 35
Williamson Eva
3 oa
Myers L P
3 00
Yates C A
3 00
rhclen Mary Lou
3 05
Kellar H W
3 05
Pence S A
J 05
Cripe j H
3 10
Kaiser S E
3 10
Richman E
3 10.
Weist Joan
3 15
Hughes P L
3 15
Swager W L
3 15
Soughers B N
3 20
Sims Mary
3 20
S cgler Luc lie
3 20
Woehike L J
3 25
Rider W N
3 25
Stoigorwald Jean
3 25
Williams S
3 30
Pugh W N
3 30
Plummer R E
3 30
Whippo H
3 35
Stark J L
3 35
Swab R F
3 35
Rosenbury J B
3 40
Schallhorn W A
3 40
Murdock W C
3 40
Shaffer W H
3 45
Pritchard J S
3 45
Troxell Mary Alice
3 45
Samuelson A J
3 50
Butler B F
3 jO
Wood G P
3 30
Paine G F
3 55
Calhpun W R
3 j5
Williamson D M
3 j5
Kerr J A
4 00
Adams B E
1 00
Petr IS n II L
1 00
1 lubert A W
4 05
Galloway J R
4 05
Clizcr B M
4 03
Simons Hairiette
4 10
Petersen J
4 10
Pastr rk A 1
1 10
ORon R 11
4 15
Pence C F
4 15
P alli 1
4 l3
4 holon R K
4 20
Roscncrans Martha
1 70
Nil chc Mary
4 20
Baker l< L
1 25
Rosenbaum W B
1 2)
Neal W
4 25
Stover W A
4 30
Roach D C
4 30
Ponder E 0
1 30
Neal W ^
4 35
ZyWiEc A C
(DebJuA,
- uf 4-41 "I