CHICAGO OBERLIN
35 I INDIANA U. , 7 0 MICHIGAN STATE 7
MICHIGAN 19 PENNSYLVANIA 17
MINNESOTA 9 I NORTHWESIKN 0 I OHIO STATE 21 IOWA 13 NOTRE DAME 7 llUNOiS 0
Purduei iExponent z-iu Besfifez ■■
Volume 51, No. 61
Sunday, Nov^nber 19, 1939
Late News
•Germans Execute 4 More Berlin, Nov.i 18—Execution of three more Czechs accused of assaulting a German national brought the total number of persons liquidated by the Nazi government in the latest purge in the Czecho-Slo-vak capital to 12. Nine others had been executed and approximately 1,200 taken into custody during the past few days. Nazi officials announced that the executions were punishment for the demonstration in the streets of Prague Wednesday in which several hundred students shouted for freedom. Officials also announced that all Czech universities will be closed for a period of three years because of the students’ acts of resistance. High officials here said that while the execution of 12 students "may seem harsh,” it was necessary since Germany is at war and cannot allow the Czech people to be contaminated by a few hot-heads. • Prague Under Guard Prague, Nov. 18—Prague was quiet last night as 10,000 Nazi storm troopers patroled the streets. Following the arrival of the storm troopers by motorcycle and automobile from the Reich, the capital was quiet. Czechs avoided public places and for the main part.stayed off the streets. Nazi officials followed up the executions yesterday by clamping down on German laws against treason on the former Czecho-Slovakian provinces. Czech police who broke up the Fascist demonstration Friday are acting as stooges for the storm troopers and German secret police who are now in charge. ^ • Britain Orders 400 Planes New York, Nov. 18—British purchasing commission in the United States placed an order valued at approximately 20 million dollars with the North American Aviation company today. The order was for 400 to 600 training planes and extra parts for an undetermined number of planes. This was the first order which has been made public since the repeal of the arms embargo. Britain had previously ordered 400 planes of the same type and 325 of them had been delivered before the arms embargo went into effect. Most of the hew planes will probably be delivered to Canada to be used in the training plan which calls for the training of 25,000 men a year for the British Royal Air Force. No delivery plans were divulged but it is probable that the planes will be flown to an airport" in Montana adjacent to a Canadian airport and wheeled across the border in compliance with the new neutrality act. •Al Capone Resting Quiet Baltimore, Nov. 18—^It was a quiet unresentful Al Capone who rested in a hospital here last night according to a statement from his brother John, Villanova, Pa., business man whose name has npver been connected with the 26 million dollar crime syndicate which Al once controlled in Chicago. “He’s in a cheerful mood and holds no gi’udge against society for the seven years which he spent in prison,” the family spokesmah said. He added that the “big shot,” who is suffering from paresis, a softening of the brain, was “a little on edge—^like any person coming out of there,” refering to Alcatraz as “there.” • Italy, Spain Plan P^ace Amsterdam, Nov. 18—Vitaly and Spain are reported to be formulating a new peace proposal in an attempt to prevent the presept war in Europe from becoming a wholesale affair. The visit of Raffaele Guariglia, Italian ambassador to Paris, to the Hague was regarded as particularly important. It was learned from official circles that his visit had been undertaken after careful consultation with Generalissimo Francisco Fran(Continued on page 4)
« Badgers Battle Boilermakers To 7-7 Tie
University Convos Today, Tomorrow
Dr. Sheen, 'Catholic Philosopher Of Age,' Will Speak Today From Fowler Hall Stage At 10:30 A. M. Monsignor Fulton J. Sheen, of Washington, D. C., a man who the London University describes as “the Catholic philosopher of the age,” and whose literary style “is a style in the best sense popular, appealing to those who are intelligent and opening attractive vistas of thought,” according to leading literary critics, will speak on “The Two Revolutions” in the third regular religious convocation of the present semester this morning at 10:30 o’clock in Fowler Hall. This is the second consecutive year that Dr. Sheen has spoken on the campus. Eight Degrees Dr. Sheen holds degrees from eight important colleges and universities, and on two occasions Pope Pius XI has given him recognition and special distinctjon. From 1931 to 1937, he served as clergyman of the St. Patrick Cathedral in New York City, and from 1930 to 1939 he figured importantly on the Catholic Hour over the NBC radio network. Dr. Sheen has also served as clergyman for the summer conferences at Westminister Cathedral in Lon-* don for five summers. University choir, coupled with the Echo Choir, both directed by A. P. Stewart, will sing specially arranged hymns during the morning’s program. Fourth Roundtable Will Feature Music, Forensic Activities Campus musical and forensic organizations will take the lime-light tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Union when the Activities Bureau pre'sents its fourth in a series of student activity forums for freshmen. Martha Moorhead will speak on the musical organizations on the campus. Some of these that she will talk about are the University choir, band, glee club and orchestra. Forensic Prank Caldwell will describe the first general division of the forensic organizations.. His talk will include discussion of the debate teams, and various speech contests throughout the year. Dick Pittenger will finish up the discussion on forensic organizations with his talk on WBAA, Playshop, Purdue Players, and all dramatic efforts on campus. All freshmen seriously interested and intending to enter an activity should attend these open forums, according to Activity Bureau officials. Discussion is informal. j Alpha Lambda Delta . . . Freshman women's scholastic honorary, will initiate ten pledges this morning at 8 o’clock in room C of the Union. Following the .initiation ceremony, a breakfast will be served in the old Chestnut room. Betty Morris is in charge of the arrangements. The initiates are Mary Ann Congleton, Charlotte Braude, Mary Barnard, Margaret Corson, Helen Conder, Margaret Magley, Mildred Owen, Mary Jane Bii’dj, Cecelia Witty, and Helen Stallings.' Eligibility for this organization is a 5.0 scholastic index attained either semester of the freshman year.
Rt. Rev. Msgr. Sheen Dr. William Beebe will Speak On Life 500 Fathoms Down Reception In Union Will Follow Convo
. . . who will speak at the Convocation for Worship this morning at 10:30 in Fowler Hall. Dr. Lucius Beebe
. . . will speak at a University Convocation tomorrow in Memorial Gymnasium.
With the pageant of animal and plant undersea life and death as his theme. Dr. William Beebe, famed scientist, explorer, 'writer and lecturer, will speak on “600 Fathoms Deep” at the fourth convocation of the year in Memorial Gymnasium tomorrow night at 8 o’clock. Although Dr. Beebe has made a world-wide study of the habits of fish, animals, birds and insects for the New York Zoological Society, he will neglect these subject tomorImmediately following the convocation Monday night an informal reception for Dr. Beebe will be held in the great hall of the Union. row night, and talk on his harrowing experiences and interesting observations while studying submarine line. Bathysphere It was about eight years ago that Dr. Beebe became interested in the struggle for existance on the sea bottom, and after much experimentation, he finally constructed the bathysphere, a hollow steel sphere used in the study of submarine life. Prom the small portholes of the hollow steel ball. Dr. Beebe and his assistant have looked upon the strange undersea life that few men have seen. Pictures Impossible However, due to the great depth at which they operated, about half a mile, they found that it was impossible to take moving pictures.
Rural Guidance Meeting Closes Annual Session Yesterday marked the close of the fifth annual Guidance Conference, which from the opening address of Comptroller R. B. Stewart to the final talk, was an outstanding success. Over 300 school administrators from all parts of the state were gathered here to,discuss the leadership and direction of scholastic life. Speaking of the rural guidance
problems. Prof. W. McKinley Robinson, head oi the rural educational department at State Teachers College, Kalamazoo, Michigan, said: “Agriculture cannot begin to absorb the increasing number of rural youth. Farm boys have been reaching the age when they desire to become farmers more than twice as fast as farms become available for them through death and retire-
ment.”
“Guidance Program” “A Rural Guidance Program” was the topic of Leonard M. Miller, guidance director, the Vocational Education and Extension Board of the County of Rockland, New York, and C. E. Dammon, Director of Admissions. Dr, E. C. Young, professor of Farm Management and Rural Economics, presided over the morning’s program. “Mental ability, like gold, is where you find it,” declared Dr. George S. Stoddard, dean of the graduate school. University of Iowa, Friday in his address. Continuing he said, “Within the upper 99 percent of the general pppula-
“There is grave danger that ‘guidance’ will become an educationlal fad,” warned Dr. C. Gilbert Wrenn, professor of education %t the University of Minnesota. The services rendered by our University psychological clinic, started more than a year ago, were discussed by Dr. E. L. Kelly, who revealed the most common problem referred to the clinic was that of simple retardation growing out of
mental retardation.
Among the other speakers were: Harold Hargrave, chairman of the guidance committee, LaPorte; L. R. Kellam, director of guidance. Culver Military Academy, Culver; V. R. Rutherford, athletic director, Wiley High School, Terre Haute; W. G. Gingery, principal, George Washington High School, Indianapolis; H. S. Jones, superintendent of schools, Gary; Robert Ross, super-
intendent, Monticello.
Big Robbie
tion, so slight is the extra knowledge of an infant’s mental ability obtainable from parent mental measurement, that for all practical purposes, the latter can be ignored.”
Riveter Aerial Attack Clicks; Byelene To Brock Nets Score Madison, Wis., Nov. 18—Special—^It took them a long time to do it, but Wisconsin’s 1939 edition of gridiron players fired up by a riotous homecoming celebration, finally gave Cardinal supporters a taste of authentic football, outcharging the Boilermakers at Camp Randall this afternoon to gain a 7-7 tie. Wisconsin took advantage of Boilermaker fumble in the last five minutes of the first quarter to carry the ball across the goal for a touchdown which sent the Badgers into the lead that they held until early in the last quarter. Brock and Byelene, in the game together for the first time this year, passed and ran the Boilermakers to their only touchdown and Montague placekicked the extra point to tie the score. ~ As usual, the Boilermakers
. . . will speak in room 101 of Michael Golden Shops tomorrow morning at 11 a. m. instead of at 2:30 this afternoon as originally scheduled. Dr. Robertson’s subject will be “Einstein's Theory of Rela-
tivity.”
WIsconsin-Purdue Debate Scehduled For 7:30 Tuesday Taking the stand that “The Federal Government Should Own and Operate the Railroads,” the University affirmative debate team will meet the Wisconsin negative for the first home intercollegiate debate of the year Tuesday night at 7:30. The verbal battle will take place in Fowler Hall. On Wednesday morning the two Purdue debate teams will hit the road on an extended debating trip. The same moniing the teams will have double debates with Northwestern. That evening there will be a double debate with Wisconsin at Madison. On Thursday, similar debates will be held with Minnesota at Minneapolis. Iowa Next From Minneapolis the teams will travel to Iowa City and the affirmative team will debate the Iowa negative team on Saturday morning, while the negative team will debate the Iowa affirmative the same afternoon. These two debates will be the principal features of the Iowa Debaters Conference, which is similar to the Purdue Debate Conference on December 1 and 2. According to the board of the University the purpose of taking two teams on this trip is to give more students a chance to participate in big-time intercollegiate debating. On the University affirmative team are Maurice Kamowsky, C.E. ’40 and first speaker, who is starting his fourth year on the varsity squad; and Donald Paarlberg, Ag. ’40, president of Tau Kuppa Alpha and second speaker, who is also a fourth year varsity debater. On the negative team there are Seymour Udell, Sc. '42, and Gordon Belles, M.E. '42. PIA Sponsors Poor Folks Benefit Dance Helping with the Thanksgiving Poor Polks benefits, the Purdue Independent Association yesterday afternoon sponsored a tea dance, price of admission being 25 cents or its equal in groceries. Music was furnished by Irvan Maury and Harry McCrady, campus bands. One hundred couples attended the affair and the bands, both arrayed on the one band stand, played alternately. Apparently this present generation does not go ip for the carting of victuals. The only ones received were: one box of Quaker oats, five pounds of oatmeal, one can of tomato juice, one can of tomatoes, one can of com, one can of baked beans, and one can of tomato soup. William Hopper, Jr. ... C.E. '37, has accepted a teaching position in the Department of Civil Engineering at the University of Pittsburgh.
walked into a psychological melting pot, because in today’s case, the Purdue eleven went into a camp that had received smarting defeats from Iowa, Northwestern, Indiana, and Illinois. Out For Blood With the alumni and student bodies howling for Coach Stuhldreher’s scalp and a team, victory hungry as the Badgers were, Purdue had a problem on its hands similar to the Iowa fracas of last season, and this situation was definitely accentuated in the first quarter when the Cardinal clad eleven scored after ten minutes had elapsed in that quarter. With the homecoming crowd of 30,000 begging for a win and the Badger boys suddenly finding themselves in possession of a lead over a top favorite, the Northmen sudThe Tippecanoe County Alumni Club will sponsor the showing of the pictures of the Purdue-Wisconsin game tomorrow at 7 p. m. in the Union ballroom. All faculty members, students, and townspeople are invited. denly became wolves who had tasted their first blood of a killing season; so determined did the Cardinal linemen become that the red of their jerseys was a stop sign that the Purdue machine couldn’t “run.” Punting Duel The battle got off to a punting duel between Moeller and Brock which was continued for eight minutes, and then Leon DeWitte got caught in the arms of an epidemic of fumblitis, dropping the oval on the Purdue 31 yard line while trying to take a reverse baU from Brown. Wisconsin recovered and headed for pay dirt and didn’t stop until the piledriving Paskvan had gone over from the three yard marker with ten minutes gone in the game. Names converted the extra point from placement, and from that minute on, the Wisconsin mob said, “NO!” to Purdue backs who tried to do more than a walk with the ball. Hennis Out As the quarter neared an end, Purdue’s great blocking quarterback, Hennis, for the fourth game in a row was sent down in a heap after a pile-up and had to be assisted froip the field. The second stanza got underway with the Purdue ship steaming to the Wisconsin doorstep as the result of a beautifiil end-around play by Dave Rankin that took the leather from the Wisconsin twenty to the two yard stripe. Petty had replaced DeWitte at fullback and was sent through the center of the line by quarterbadk Montague, but the Badgers weren’t to be shoved all over the field and Petty was refused admittance, as a matter of fact, John was tossed on his ear for a one yard loss. Blitzkrieg Stopped Byelene lost two yards at left end and Montague attempting to pull a blitzkrieg was heaved for a no gain program at left end, Wisconsin taking over the ball on downs. This goal line stand sent the Cardinal rooters into a victory convulsion (Continued on page 3). -
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday, November 19, 1939
But
incidentally
by Ivan Offalitch guest columist supreme For weeks we’ve been itching to get our finger in this column but it’s a closed corporation. Why should the three mad Russians keep it to themselves anyhow ?
I dunno. Do you?
Well anyv’ay tonight we didn’t contact the little man who wasn’t there and made an agreement with him. He stole the copy. Yessir, four, whole galleys of it. * * * This is taking on the form of an explanation. W( hate explanations. There are all kinds of explanations; and explainers.
The column was in it. Ha! « * « For instance there are the kind of people who insist on explaining the diiference between enthropy and enthalpy. That’s hot stuff, but who cares ?
It’s simple, any gious can understand it.
Then there’s the professional explainer. He owes us money. Or wants to borrow it. He has the old story of a check arriving any day. We’re wise to that one. * * * But the best are those given to call boys in the morning. For instance we quote an early morning dorm conversation. Call boy: “7 o’clock Petrov, get up.” “Shades of Siberia, what time did you say?” “Impossible, go away.” Call Boy: “But you wrote on the board to get you up sure.” “I said 9 o’clock. Someone is playing tricks. Haven’t a class all day.” And the lowly frosh goes away. What can he do ?
Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1106, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60.
Editorial Board
R. E. Insley.; W. E. Smith..
EdItor-in-Chief ..Biisiness Manager
D. G. Terrio. .'. Editorial Director G. W. Frederick Managing Editor E. M. Antonlni Senior Advertising Manager G. Schilling — —Oo-ed Efitor
R. Jenkins
..Sports Editor
Junior Staff
Editorial R. F. DeHoog R. W. Donahue D. E. Heiple J. H. McKee M. Jj. Mien J. O. Willsey
Business R. Fisher R. Hall A. Hite M. Hagemeyer T. Petty G. Cox, Sec,
Sports J. P. Dolan S. D. Marquis M. M. Richards Co-ed M. Burtsfleld G. Carroll B. Simpson
D. J. Hennfnger, Art Director
Editorial 4005
PHONES Sports 2792
Business 5038
RBPRBSBNTBD FOR NATtONAL. ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. CoUege Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York. N.Y. Chicago • Boston • Los Angeles • San Francisco
This newspaper is written, edited and published by undergraduate students of Purdue tJniversi^. All opinions in it. unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint.
All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director.
Sunday, November 19, 1939 Night Editor—Heiple Issue Editor—^Mueller
Harry Mojison, Phi Kappa “scholar?” thinks Detroit is a fine city for not “inspecting.” But his pin girl and instructors in the ME school slightly disagree. —B & B-» Definitely in the well known Kappa dog house is one Woody Walton who and we quote, has jilted six unquote of the sweet young things. —B & B— ♦One night after having his pin out for six months, KDR Kimmel came home breathing “I’m in love.” When asked with whom he said, “With Fifi of course.” Gad! man this is a fine time to be realizing it. —B&B— H. L. Preyn went to Chicago for the Northwestern game and wound up with a nice shotgun from somewhere (don’t ask “H” he doesn’t know). Could it be that he is going Wilma “Baer” hunting ? —B & B— Height of illegibility—a doctor’s prescription written in the rumble seat of a second hand car with a postoffice pen.
They’re so unreasonable. Maybe they are catching on after all this time.
But it’s not convicing.
Under the non-convincing type are those which we make to our financial backers at home. Or out girl.
Well to get on with our own explanation. Someone lifted the copy. And the column was in it. So Petrov and his stooges Romanoff and Vladimir will be surprised. To make a long story shorter. That’s why there isn’t any “but Incidently” today.
Or is there?
Duke Blue Devils
Ed Kasznia Named iffers' Head
?(im. and, dOih,
By Georgann Schilling
North Carolina’s Tar Heels, Rose Bowl visisnized, were blinded in that respect yestreday afternoon at Durham, N. C., by the Duke football team which handed the Tar Heels their initial set-back of the season, 13-3, on quick thrusts that found the North Carolina club napping. North Carolina took an early lead when a sophomore fullback, Dunkle, booted a field goal from the 27 yard line. The winning touchdown was scored from a blocked punt. With the ball on the North Carolina 30 yard line, N. C. backfield ace, Stimweiss’ punt was blocked by Duke’s left tackle, Tony Ruffa, and Bill Bailly fell on the leather over the Tar Heel goal for the six points that were enough to win the game.
A newly organized club, the “weight-lifting” club met last Thursday evening and elected officers for the coming year. The following men were elected: President, Edward Kasznia; vicepresident, Elliot Margolis; secretary, Frank J. Sutol; treasurer, James Hutchinson. Following the elections, the meeting was turned over to discussion of the activities for the coming year which will take place in the wrestling room of the fieldhouse.
This plant to turn out educated kiddies has pulled itself through a mighty strenuous week-end. Military Ball with an orchid on every other gal—^war was never like this! Anyhow it’s Sunday and time to climb back on the hooks. Ho hum; move over. H&H At last you can find out the phone number of that lovely brunette you’ve been wondering about or
Fall Bowling Tournament
Purdue’s annual fall bowling tournament for all Purdue men is now under way in the bowling alleys of the Memorial Union Building by teams consisting of five men. Entry blanks can be turned in as late as the twenty-third- of November.
A plaque will be awarded to the winning team and will remain hanging in the bowling alleys with the names of the individuals on the winning team engraved on it. Keys will be awarded to the members of the winning team and also to the members of the runner-up.
ARC
TODAY - MONDAY
TYRONE -n
|POWER^.B9SB"OF I
FAYE
mm
A ZOtb C*ntiuT.ras PtetUM
— AND-
"THE FLYING IRISHMAN' — WITH — DOUG CORRIGAN
—ALSO — 'MICKEY MOUSE'
DOUBLE FEATURE
THRILL ... TO EVERY EMOTION THE SCREEN CAN EVER GIVE YOU!
in TECHNICOLOR
with RALPH RICHARDSON C. AUBREY SMITH JUNE DUPREZ
PLUS —2nd FEATURE —
lV\j with
VIRGINIA WEIOLER
GENE REYNOLDS • GUV KIBBEE
IAN HUNTER • EUZABETH PATTERSON REGINALD 0WEN*HENRVHUU«L0iSWll^
t lAn^
r
NOW SHOWING — DOUBLE FEATURE —
The Most Exciting Screen Event Since"42nd Street”!
If-'s a Mardi Gras of Mirth! The Gayest Spot on Earth! PAT O'BRIEN - JOHN PAYNE Joe Venuti and His Swing Cats Johnnie Davis — Jimmie Fidler
PLUS
All Planes Grounded But Nothing Can Stop This Air-Devil on His Errand of Mercy in an Old Battered Crate!
ports of course” was heard many times by ye ed over the week-end. He is inclined to agree. —B & B— Remarks heard at the ball by our stool pidgeons (applicants call 657390.2 and ask for Gus). “He’s one of onr choicer goons, but heavens it’s just one night. I’ll probably
survive.” “Why do yon think I took
his pin—anyway?” “Goodness, no wonder Rodney imported me. There isn’t much to choose frdm around here.” “Well of course he had to do it, I took him to Gold Diggers, remember.” —B & B— Down in the middle of an ittybitty poo fam free ittty fitty and a Chi O too Some Suckers! —B & B— Bill Dunshee can’t figure it out, here he is probably the biggest noise on the campus and he can’t get a date. What a situation. He had to try for a month to get a date with freshman Jane Robinson. You must lack glamour. Bill! —B & B—
Idle thought — why doesn’t the Debris staff '^ake some honest
where your last year’s love is living. How? From the new Student Directories which are now ready for distribution. These directories save no end of trouble and delay and' vdll be received with open arms. ’ H&H The editors of a certain picture magazine certainly did themselves up right on the subject of fraternities and sororities in last week’s issue. “Snobs, sophisticates, and upholders of false standards” is the general impression given the reader of Greek letter groups after seeing the pictures and reading the comments in the magazine. The pictures were taken at the Northwestern Kappa Kappa Gamma house and the Sigma Chi fraternity. H&H With Turkey Day and the weekend vacation coming this week, approaching social events are pretty scarce. Many kiddies are trooping to the lU campus for the game and old play week-end. Our hosts at Bloomington have some pretty nice affairs planned. Rumor has it that Kay Kyser will play for the Blanket Hop Saturday night. Woo, woo! The hackneyed observation “Im-
money for a change ? —B & B— Then there was the duck who was embarrassed to death when he found out his pants were down. —B & B— Steve Fitch, Theta Xi flash, seems to be giving the pin gal at DePauw the run around. Don’t you blush to
think of the things she might say if she knew Steve? —B&B— Who is dragging Yvonne Price around these days—we can’t decide. —B & B— How many of youge guys are glad you went to the Ball ? Toooo bad. —B&B— After being religiously emphasized for the whole week the student body should be angelic no end. Thought—has Harry noticed any diiference? —B & B— We understand there is a league of eds who intend to pretend the Phi Gam lawn belongs to the Betas one of these nights. It seems that there ar^ wolves in the Figi ranks. —B & B— “The peoples’ friend” Bob Kime has put out his Kappa Sig pin. That’s the best our stools could do. You’ll have to find out on whom for yourself. Won’t it be fun? —B&B— Irma Erwin and date (?) walked to Klondike yesterday afternoon just as a jaunt then had to call the Pedalion house for a ride home. (She should have gone to the Foot Clinic.) Was it Irma or her date that was tired? And besides was that' any way to treat a lady ? ? ? ? —B & B— Mary had a little lamb Its fleece was white as snow Everywhere that Mary went No one followed—shei had B. 0.
Exciting, Pulse-Firing Adventure in the Philippines!
Starts TODAY
ADDED — BOB BENGHLEY in "DARK MAGIC'
OUR GANG COMEDY
Starts TODAY
Romance, drama, laughter and heartbreak ... created out of the very heart and soil of America... by a great director and east I
mMK rSmitli Soes
MMOIl
co-tlarring —' Jean ARTHUR * James STEWART With CLAUDE RAINS • EDWARD ARNOLD • GUY KIBBEE THOMAS MITCHELL • BEULAH BONDISunday/ November 19, 1939
£xfmuLnL Sfio^iA. fiaqsL
Boilermaker Battle (Continued from page 1) and likewise the Wisconsin team. The hard driving fullback of the host team, Paskvan, started tearing the Purdue line to threads, the host line just wouldn’t tolerate any approaches toward the Wisconsin territory, and just when Purdue seemed started toward knotting the count due to a bad punt by Moeller that traveled to the Purdue 46 and then out of bounds from the Wisconsin 30, Brown fumbled and Wisconsin recoveHed, ending Purdue’s drive before it could get underway. Second Half The second half saw Purdue in possession of the pill throughout the contest with the exception of having the Badgers stop a drive and give the leather a punt back to the Gold' and Blacks. But during the third quarter, drive after drive by the Riveter backs sent Purdue into Wisconsin territory, featured by a circus catch of one of Brock’s passes by Jack Krause on the Badger 30. The Wisconsin line tightened here and Brock kicked over the Red goal line. The quarter ended with the still-victory-mad Badgers stopping the Boilermakers with ease. Aerial Attack The start of the final frame saw Mai Elward send Mike Byelene in
for Brown at left halfback, a position that Mike has never played before. From here on it was pass, pass, pass until the Boilermakers hac^ counted six points in the first five minutes of play. When the third quarter ended Brock had just returned Schmidt’s punt from the Purdue 36 to the Purdue 46. Brock tossed a pass to the remarkable Dave Rankin for a first and ten on the Wisconsin 40. Brock’s pass to Krause was harmless and Little Mike lost a yard at right guard. Mike, tired of being tossed around like a feather in a breeze, fired a pass to Fred Montague on the Cardinal 33, Brock following in the same manner to the same receiver, ( placing the pill on the Badger 16 yard line. Touchdown! DeWitte picked up three yards at the middle of the line, and Lou Brock’s tosa to Mike Byelene was useless, but the Purduvians weren’t to be stopped, as on the next play with the ball on the Badger twelve yard line, Byelene shot the pass that Brock caught on the goal line and fell over. Montague then spoiled the homecoming for 30,000 fans of the Northern institution by placing the leather between the uprights. The remainder of the contest found the Boilermakers trying to score, and'the Badgers trying to settle for a tie.
Dependable Al..,
EYES OYER THE CAMPUS
CdMora 9yc$ Are blinkins on the nation's campuses to record •very activity «nd event of interest and importance to you. Eedt bflnlr meant another graphic picture of coiJege life— end tfae beat of these thousands of photos are brought to yon In our Collegiate Digest picture section. Accurately and graphically explained with write-ups that tell the epmplete story behind each picture. Collegiate Digest's photos give you a true record of campus life today. Follow this college picture parade regularly in The Purdue Exponent
the Purdue Exponent Service . Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Mam Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Florists
• Dairy Products
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050 \
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
• Locksmith
• Hardware
KEYS fir locks Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty Bicycles, accessories and repairing MULHAUPrS 209-n N. 5th St Phone 2828
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354
• Dine
ALTER'S CAFE OPPOSITE THE FOWLER OPEN THANKSGIVING Special Holiday Menu Tables Reserved for Special Parties
410 Ferry St.
Phone 8011
. . . Rossi, junior tackle, who has been turning in steady defensive performances since the Iowa contest, turned in another stellar performance yesterday against the Badgers of Wisconsin. His blocking is improving, and if he continues to improve, he’ll be tar in the Hoosier’s offense next Saturday. Michigan Stale Battles Indiana Grid Team To 7-7 Deadlock Up at East Lansing, Mich., 20,000 Michigan State alumni, fans, and undergraduates saw their Spartans tie Indiana, 7-7, yesterday afternoon. Spartans Start Fast The Spartans started the game like an upset team, leading the Hoosiers, 7-0, at the end of the initial half. State scored from the seven yard line of the Hoosiers after one of the Indiana halfback’s, Brmgle’s punts had rolled dead on the Indiana 39 yard line. Left half, Davis, passed to his running mate, Pearce, for nine yards, Davis then hit the middle of the Indiana line for 11 yards, and, the Spartans were on the march, fullback, Amon, counting six points on the next play. Indiana Comes Back Indiana, trjring anything, went to the State 7 yard line at which point Herbert unsuccessfully tried a field go^l. With the ball on the State 20, McRaw went back to kick but faked the Indiana team “into the dressing rooms” with a nice pass to Amon who sped the length of the gridiron for a touchdown, but the officials had a different story, -ruling that Amon had stepped out on his journey. The halftime lecture by Indiana’s Kentucky Colonel, Coach McMillan, inspired the Hoosiers to an early third period touchdown. With the ball on the I. U. 41 yard line. Brooks ran right end for a mass of yards to the Michigan 34. Hursh passed to the big Indiana negro end, Harris, who lateralled to Brooks to place the Hoosiers on the Michigan State 17 with a first and ten. Brooks found five yards at center, and Harris took a pass from Hursh to the one yard line from which point Tofil went over. Herbert’s kick was good. The game of football is the ultimate result of an illegal play made by an English Rugby player in 1823.
Fielder s Choice
by Robert J. Deckard
Stalemates! . . .~FC hates ’em!... Everybody hates ’em! ... In fact, everybody is dissatisfied Neither team has definitely proven its superiority over another, according to figures on the scoreboard. . . . One point could settle the issue. . . . But Purdue and Wisconsin’s football teams could not yestprday. —^fc The final score: Purdue, 7; Wisconsin, 7. • As to who is the better outfit barroom quarterbacks can argue up and down the whole place on that point, each endeavoring to prove to the other that Purdue should have won the game, that it was a moral victory for Wisconsin, or that it was a case of both teams being perfectly mached. —^fc— Via the sod the Badgers in yesterday’s game were tops over the Boilermakers, who are beridden with injured players enough to put a hospital for indigents to shame. . . . George Paskavan, undoubtedly the outstanding back of the grid yesterday, ripped the Riveter line to shreds. ... It wasn’t uncommon for the Cardinal-jerseyed fullback to pick up gains from three to 16 yards in length. . . . Bob Petersen, who Coach -Harry Stuhldreher inserted at left half, the sixth Badger he’s tried at this position, helped to spark Wisconsin on their intensive drives towards the Boilermaker line. —fc— Claude York, right half, aided the two above in packing the mail as did quarterback Farris. . . . These two struck like cobras. . . . John Murray, centering for the north woodsmen, and Johnny Doyle, who turned in an important role as substitute for Murray, led the Wisconsin forward wall that had more courage than a cornered bear. . . . If you remember, the Badgers stood the Boilermakers off three times in the shadow of the Cardinal goal posts. —^fc— The Badgeis, having heard of the reputedly fine passing attack of the Boilermakers, employed a 6-2-2-1 defense in an effort to stop the Riveters’ shower of aerial tosses. . . . But the locals refused to be daunted by this show of courage and rained passes all over Camp Randall Field, at times finding more holes in the secondary than a perforted No. 13 shoe. —^fc— Mike Byelene, atomic Riveter half, and Lou Brock practically wore out their arms slinging flat passes across the line. . . . When they weren’t throwing, they were catching. . . . Even Leon DeWitte, fullback, who usually grabs the ball and plows off tackle or guard, took a turn once, passing successfully to Byelene for a six-yard gain. . . . The trio put on such an aerial show that the Flying Cordollos trapeze act looked like an old-maids’ milquetoast party. —^fc—■ As usual, Dave Rankin added another 60-minute game to his record, attracting the attention of the crowd with his defensive tactics, and scaring the Badger secondary by steaming down the sidelines after passes.
"Always There" ...
Today Fielders Choice presents the fourth in a series of columns labeled "Sports Oddities ’’ Football arrangements were informal in the late nineties . . . Officials were selected by the home team, unless visitors had had experience with the home brand . . . Usually the referee officiated the ^ame in a sartorial ensemble which simply slayed the co-eds, including, as it did, a pale beige topcoat with huge pearl buttons, patent leather shoes also pearl buttoned, an “iron hat” and the whole set off by a glistening, yellow cane . . . Naturally, he did no diving into the piles of massed and mussy players. —fc— The Bradley Tech football team, according to the Litkenhouse rating system, boasts of ranking above such schools as Notre Dame, California, Army, and many others. . . Since October, 1937, the Braves have run their string of victories to 20 . . . The Tech goal line during this period has been crossed only five times. —^fc— Football fans addicted to studying the statistics of early games have frequently been puzzled by the score of the 1894 games of Purdue and Wisconsin, PU 1, W 0 . . . This is the official score of a forfeited game. —^fc— The Badgers and Boilermakers failed to agree upon officials of the game before it started, and it was finally decided that the ^coaches should act, alternating as referee and umpire ... At the end of the first half the Badgers got rough, slugged a Boilermaker lineman, and were penalized half the distance to their goal line. —^fc— After a long wrangle the Wisconsin team refused to accept the penalty and left the field, thereby forfeiting the game—and incidentally, their munificent guarantee of expenses, to wit, $260 . . . This ended football relations between Purdue and Wisconsin for 12 years. —^fc— Dr. Henry L. Williams, father of Minnesota football and coach from 1900-21, was a very superstitious man ... It used to be his custom when playing the Chicago Maroons in Chicago to stay at the Old Chicago Beach Hotel. . . The night before the game, he used to send the entire squad down to the dock and have each boy spit in Lake Michigan for luck. In 1908, 29 players made the trip and all were on the dock the night before the game to perform the prescribed ritual . . . But the next day the Maroons won the game. (Don’t they wish more teams would expectorate in the lake these days?) By an odd coincidence the score was 29 to 0. Mrs. R. P. Jennings . . . first University co-ed graduate, died last Friday night in Berkeley, California. Mrs. Jennings, member of a pioneer Lafayette family, was Miss Eulora Miller, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. John L. Miller before her marriage. Graduated from Purdue in 1878, Mrs. Jennings was Lafayette public librarian for a time. Surviving are two sisters, Mrs. Oliver W. Pierce of Lafayette, and Mrs. Mabel Beeson, of Omaha, Nebraska.
Frank Bykowsld, the old dependable of the Purdue forward wall, who with Dave Rankin turns in one good sixty minute performance after another. His play yesterday along with the great defense play of Petry and Rankin stood out in the Boilermaker line.
Ohio State Makes Illinois Club Take Bitter Defeat, 21-0
Ohio State has only Michigan to worry about as far as winning the conference championship is concerned, because yesterday the Buckeyes down the Illini, “champion killers,” to the tune of 21-0 before a crowd of 47,000 at Columbus. Illinois started out to make the game a replica of the Michigan game, recovering an Ohio fumble on the Buck’s 8 yard line, but the Ohio State line stopped the Illini cold, and although the Suckers threatened many times during the fracas, Ohio State was the complete master, scoring 14 points during the first quarter. Dependable Strausbaugh State’s first touchdown was on a pass from Jim Strausbaugh to Scott from the Hlinois 27, Scott converting. The second touchdown for the winners was counted by Strausbaugh on a 19 yard gallop from the Illim 19 yard line. Ohio State’s line proved to be the stemming tide for the Suckers, as four times in the second quarter the visitors drove to the Buck twenty yard line, only to be denied admittance. During this quarter, Scott, of Ohio State, tossed a 63 yard pass to Anderson good for a touchdown that was called back due to tupping. Field Goals Fail In the third quarter, the Buckeyes put the game on ice with a 66 yard march and a touchdown. Kinkade and Hallabrin sparkled in this drive with Scott passing to Sarkkmen in the end zone for a touchdown; the pass was good for 24 yards. Wfaag counted the extra digit. Maag also tried to clinch the contest with a field goal from the 36 but failed.
Follow Your ‘EXPONENT OF THE Am** WRAA Tuesday, Friday—4:15
QaJtdfL-lAfL otL YOUR READING NATIONAL BOOK WEEK FICTION—Bromfield’s—It Takes All Kinds; Captain Horatio Hornblower; Tellers of Tales; Grapes of Wrath; Escape; Children of God; Watch for the Dawn; Christ in Concrete; Next to Valour. NON-FICTION—Country Lawyer; Inside Asia; Not Peace But a Sword; Days of Our Years; Revalution of Nihilism; Wind, Sand and Stars; Reaching for the Stars. BOOKS FOR SALE^ AND RENTAL - 3c per. Day
SOUTEimORTH’STHE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday, l^pvember 19, 1939
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Llchly
‘Can you play some old fashioned dances—like the Black Bottom?”
Classified Ads
MISCELLANEOUS BOARD AND ROOM—Available January 1st, Junior’ or Senior, $25 month. Phone 6862.
office. Drawings will be held to select positions for sophomore . edition December 2. —FLETCHER. Lambda Kappa: Skating party Sunday, November 19, from 2 to 4 p. m. Meet in the Union main lobby at 1:46 p. m. All Lutheran students are invited. —STEPHENS.
FOR SALE FOR SALE—L. C. Smith typewriter. Factory rebuilt. Excellent condition. $30. Bll Dodge. Phone 36484. PIANO FOR SALE, trade or rent. Also tuning and repairing. Clingenpeal Piano Shop. 530 Northwestern. Phone 6289.
Fencers: All men who have had previous experience in fencing come to the Fieldhouse, third floor, Monday, November 20, at 4 p. m. —NEPTUNE. ASME Juniors and Hopnomores: Those interested in an inspection trip through the Aluminum Co. and Ross Gear Co. Thursday afternoon, November 30, please sign up in Prof. Cope’s office. Group will be limited to 20. —VOYLES.
WAA: Dancing call out Monday, November 27, at 4 p. m. ih the Women’s Gym. All co-eds interested are invited.
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main Street.
Cyclers: There will be a ride to Cary Camp at I p. m. Sunday, November 19. Meet at Carter’s bicycle shop. Everyone welcome. —CARSON.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—In the Sweet Shop Tuesday evening, a black purse containing .glasses. If found, please ! call Lee Bossong, 8413 or 2215. / LOST—Black leather notebook containing valuable elassnotes. Gall Ronald North, 36182. Reward. . .
Notices
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
PENALTY DATES During the present semester there are four penalty dates. They are from noon November 21 to noon November 22, November 27, December 20, and January 4. These days represent the 24-hour periods before and after the Thanksgiving and Christmas recesses. Executive Memorandum: No excuse will be granted prior to any absence on penalty dates.—Any student, absent for reasons beyond his control or marked absent by mistake, may file with the Dean of Men a certified, detailed statement explaining the case within seven days following the close of the recess petitioning for exemption from the disciplinary fee. Penalty Rule: Any student who is absent from a regular rneeting of a_ class during the twenty four hours (not including Saturday afternoon nor Sunday) immediately' preceding or following an authorized holiday or recess shall pay to the Cashier an extra fee of $6.00 for each twenty four hour period or fraction thereof missed. . , M. L. FISHER, Dean of Men. Theta Alpha Phi: Actives and pledges meet in Reception room of Union at 6 p. m.. Sunday, November 19. All be there promptly and meeting will be short. Bring 25e meeting dues. -—^HETTEMA. Kappa Delta Pi: Initiation at 7 p. m. in room 5 of the Education building Tuesday, November 21. Attendance is compulsory. —LILLY.
Junior Military: Students who have qualified as expert gunners may draw expert gunner’s medals in the supply office of the Armory. (11-21) —PICKERING.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Initiation Sunday, November 19, at 8 a. m. in room C of the Union. Actives make reservations for breakfast with Betty Morris or Mary Ann Carpenter by Friday night, November 17. —CARPENTER.
University Choir: Compulsory attendance Sunday, November 19, at 9:15 a. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. Be prompt! —^THORNTON.
Men’s All-Campus Bowling Tournament: Entries must be turned in to Student Union office by Thursday, November 23. —BROOKS
AH Seniors: Who have not' had their senior pictures taken for the 1940 Debris must have them taken at the Dexheimer-Carlon Studios in Indianapolis this week. Activity charts must be filled out at the Debris office at once. (11-19) —STRONG.
ME 61 & 62; An examination for removal of conditions will be given in each of these courses on Saturday, December 2, at 1 p. m. in room 301 ME building. Those intending to take either of these examinations notify me before November 26. —^BOLZ
Kappa Delta Pi: Because of Religious Emphasis Week, the regular meeting will be postponed until Tuesday evening,. November 21. —NEAL.
Cosmopolitan Club: Formal initiation of all pledges in room C of the Union at 4 p. m. today. All old meriibers must come at 3:30 p. m. for assignments. —SHICKEL.
PIA Members; AH those interested in taking part in the Mohlman discussions call me as soon as possible. Phone 66004. (11-21) —SMULEVITZ. WAA Hockey: All-star hockey game wiU be played Monday night. The following girls have been chosen. Black teaih: McCabe, Stroy, Morris, Schroder, _Beko, Blagrave, Westover, Hennis,, Harrison, Ford, Emhoff. Gold team; Fishleigh, Cook, McFarland, Metzger, R. Walker, Spears, G. Walker, Weishaar, Ward, Mitch, and Kennedy. —McKNlGHT. Student Directories: Directories are now available at the Registrar’s office in the Executive building. Students may obtain copies by presenting their student passports. (11-20) —STONE.
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Rough initiation to be held in the Chemistry building Tuesday, November 21, at 7 p. m. Will be followed by party. All pledges must be present. .^HALL.
Sophomore Union Workers: Bowling and game room committees please meet in the Union office Monday, November 20, at 4 p. m. —BROOKS and SEIBERT.
Scriveners,: Open meeting today at 7:30 p. m. in room F of the Union. Everyone interested is invited to attend. Bring manuscripts. —MUNRO.
Union Sophomores: Committee meeting for puttering room staff in room F, November 22, at 4 p. m. —CLARKE.
PIA Dance Class;'There will be a meeting Tuesday, November 21, at 7 p. m. in Memorial Gymnasium. Fees will be due. Co-eds are especially invited. —LUTZ.
YWCA Cabinet: Very important brief meeting Monday, November 20, at 4 p. m. in the YWCA office. —COOLEY.
Christian Science Organiaztion: Regular meeting will be held ‘Tuesday, November 21, at 7 :30 p. m. in room C of the Union; —FRANTZRBB.
Religious Council: Meeting Monday, November 20, in room' C of the Union at 4 p. m. —SWOPE.
Scrivener Freshmen: The following schedule will be followed for the week of November 20: Monday at 4 p. m., Marian Howard, Arch McTaggart, Helen Martin. Tuesday at 4 p. m., Lois Turner. Margaret Fuller, Ralph Luebben. —S’TBFFEE.
Activities Bureau: There will be a meeting of all officers, sophomores, and interviewers, Tuesday, November 21, at 4 p. m. —JORGESON.
Pi Tau Sigma Pledges: Get list of actives from me at SAB house immediately. (11-21) —OBLINGER.
Sophomore Exponent Workers: Meeting of all editorial ed and co-ed workers Monday, November 20, at 4 p. m. in Exponent
Agriculturist Business Staff: Meeting on Monday, November 20, at 4 p. m. in Engineer office. —WHITHAM.
Boy, you really need those extra smokes per pack, if you're an Emory University student. A survey there revealed that if you buy one pack, you’re almost sure to have one-quarter of the 20 bummed before the last one is gone. Definitely, two can’t smoke as cheaply as one!
£lhth£dit&By Hank Miller Whenever Suhday rolls around the ether is filled with many dramatic programs w^th the CBS net taking the lead airing four feature shows in five hours. Starting at 5 p. m., WBBM carries the Silver Theatre which today features Carole Lombard playing the lead in “Incredible Lady.” At 6:30 comes the Gateway to Holl3rwood which is followed at 7 by the “Adventures of Ellery Queen.” Tonight four contestants match wits with Ellery Queen in the solution of “The Adventure of the Tell Tale Bottle.” At 9 p. m. Orson Welles co-stars himself with Claudette Colbert to present 4 Campbell Playhouse version of Robert Hichens novel, “The Garden of Allah.” 0-6 Tonight Jack Benny, who says that, quote—the only way to make a duck blind is to stick a finger in its eye, unquote, is to journey to Andy Devine’s hunting lodge tonight on the broadcast. ^ A drummer who got his start by beating on his mother’s pots and pans scattered on the kitchefi fiOor will guide the Pitch Bandwagon on its return to Chicago when Abe Lyman and his orchestra move into the seats of honor for the broadcast tonight at 6:30 on WMAQ. We recommend “Music for Moderns” this noon at 12:30 over WMAQ. The show features good
music with “fragmentary comments by Gulliver.” —e-e— Louise Edwards will interview Ed Ross, Purdue Alumni President, arid John Scott, Indiana Alumni President, on her College Circuit program at 12:16 today over WPBM, Indianapolis, bn 1230 kc. The program will be devoted to the coming Purdue-Indiana tilt. Original plans called for interviews with menibers of the teams but they fell thru. Dave Rankin was scheduled to represent Purdue. —e-e— Gene Krupa, the young man with the drum, will be the guest of Alec Templeton Monday at 8:30 on Alec Templeton Time over WMAQ. Alec and Gene will present their version of After You’ve Gone and Pat O’Malley will supply the words. —-e-e— Cliarlie McCarthy is in trouble and has asked a screen villain to guest on the show tonight at 7 p. m. on WMAQ in order to help him out. Allan Mowbray will try to scare Mortimer Snerd away so that Char-
lie'can have some quiet. Mortimer is the new creation of Edgat Bergen and has been on the show the last few times, getting all of the attention and leaving Charlie out in the cold.... Rudy Vallee will emcee fbe show again. Baukhage, NBC foreign corrSfepondent, and Graham McNamee will inaugurate a new series of programs this afternoon at 4:16 over NBC—^Blue net. The show. News Front, will deal with the international situation as covered by Baukhage while McNambe will handle domestic news and sports. Running a close second to Charlie McCarthy is little Betty Lou Barry, the creation of Tommy Riggs. Betty Lou will have as her, guests Monday night at 7 p. m. on WMAQ some of the members of the cast of the current stage production, Hellzapoppin’, namely, the Radio Rogues. G-Q Here’s an interesting note. . . . South of the Border rated tops
among the tunes sung by English Tommies on the Maginot Line, according to newspaper reports. Baritone Barry Wood of ‘^Your Hit Parade” is sending a nunjber of records of his version of the song to the British Ministry for the phonographs back of the front. - 73 for today.
f
Late News
(Continued from page 1) co’s regime in Spain. Although unconfirmed, the report that the Czecho-Slovak trouble was due to communist elements, was' generally credited in Amsterdam today. •American SKips Stopped Washington, Nov. 18—State department» reported today that American ships have been detained by beligerants 48 times since hostilities began ih Septembelr. Fortyfour ships have been detained but four of them were detained twice.
THANKSGIVING will bring added social engagements, and YOU WILL WANT your clothes to look their best. . Let us put them in shape for you.
132 Vine St.
American Laundry
Phone : 3©S5
Omicron Nu: Meeting Monday, November 20, at 4 p. m. in room 107, Home Economics Building. —HORWITZ.
Theta Alpha Phi: Meeting today in reception room of Union at 4 :30 p. m. Pledges and actives please attend. —HETTEMA.
AH Military Students: Uniforms will not be required for drills or classes Wednesday, November 22. —WISELOGEL.
/V moAL
If so make your application through the medium of the Exponent Classified Column.
the Purdue Exponent