4.-1 .
'PLAGUE' FEATURES Editorials Of Last War On Food Conservation
Ettablished 1889
9 Ruin Tha Ruhr
COED LETTEII ^ To Editor Tells Abocit g Thrilling Sailors |
Volume 54, No. 15
West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, June 7, f942
Senior-Faculty Ball Game Halted By Rain In 44 Tie
Enlisted Reserve May Take ROTC Army and Navy regulations have formerly prohibited the training in their respective ROTC units of personnel who are members of the Enlisted Reserve of^ny sei;vice other than
that operating the ROTC unit.
The University requires two years of basic Army ROTC training of all male students as a prerequisite of graduation.
In order to permit students
VaSISKTOM MERRY* «0-
ROUNI
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
Englaiii^'s Recent Bombing Raids Make Laval Hesitant WASHINGTON, June 6-^No-body planned it that way, but the British 1000-plane raid on Cologne wgs a powerful deterrent for proNazi Pierre Laval of France. It didn’t take him more than a split second to figure what the British could do to Paris if he should get loose-fingered with the French
fleet.
Meanwhile, few people realize how much the French people— though they don’t relish it—are contributing to the Nazi war effort. Here is the latest survey of the situation taken from confidential government reports: 1. 100,000 French woikers are now eniployed in war factoiies.
who have enlisted in the Navy or Marine Corps Reserve to complete this military training, the following agreement has been reached: The Army and Navy jointly have agreed that, in the case of students who have enlisted in the Navy or Marine Corps Reserve and who enter colleges or universities having compulsory military education, the Navy will discharge such students. These students will be enlisted in the Army Enlisted Reserve Corps and upon completing the sophomore year, or upon leaving school prior to that time, such individuals will, at their request, be discharged from the Army Enlisted Reserve Corps and again enlisted in the Naval Reserve. All Univer-sity students who are members of the Naval or Marine Corps Reseive and have not yet completed their two years of basic training should repoit to the adjutant’s office in the Aimoiy for a complete explanation of their status. Agriculturist Features Story On Apple Juice In the June Agriculturist, campus magazine, there appear seveial features of interest to the University student. One of these is the article called
Ball Launches Festivities In First Spring Senior Day With spirit and temperatures running high yesterday afternoon, the senior class, graduating juniors and sophomores, lined up in front of University Hall to launch the Senior Day Program. The cavalcade wended its way to th e baseball field and a Senior-Faculty game which ended in a ninth inning 4-4 tie after a do wnpour sent fans and players scurrying for
shelter.
The first spring cord parade in the history of the University officially began when BMOC’s Deuster, Ball, and Knote, of Student Senate, Debris, and Reamers, respectively demonstrated
that chivalry is not dead by lifting the Gold Peppers bodily into the Boilermaker mascot, and moved off to the baseball field amid cheers and music by a sweating and exceedingly un-
uniformed band.
Master of Ceremonies Dick Ball took advantage of President Elliott’s absence to read the seniors a word of welcome in Prexy’s inimitable style, replete with pauses and slurred esses, as follows: “Students and faculty of Purdue, It gives me great pleasure to see this rising indication of class spirit in the senior class of December, 1942. This contest of skill this afternoon is a great step in this direction. It is the hope of the staff of
Union Conducts War Stamp Buying Contest This Week
University Names 431 On HonorRoA A list consisting of 431 students who compiled indices of 5.00 or better last semester was released by the University yesterday. Ten were among the special group whose indices exceed-
ed 6.00.
The number of last semester’s distinguished students higher than the 364 named for the preceding term, when twelve students compiled 6.00 indices and one reported perfect
grades.
Science Students Lead Last semester’s total is composed of 109 freshmen, 100 omores, 115 juniors, and 107 seniors. Science School hea^Sd individual groups with 93; followed by Mechanical Engineering, 56; Chemical Engineering,
At jiheiT meeting last Wednesday the Student War Council turned over the campus sale of U. S.
War Savings Stamps to the Student Purdue University that faculty and student cooperation will Union. This move was made in or- be more pronounced as it is here today. The best of luck to both der to increase the sale of Defense teams and may the best team win,” sidSlsTar the^UnivTsity^^Hng Starting pitcher Hockema made the statement that “All recent weeks. seniors striking out will graduate with distinction,” as he Under the sponsorship of the stepped onto the mound to throw in his first and only pitch. Union War Stamp Committee head- which Resulted in a two base hit. ed by Marion Siegler and Ted Officials for the game were “Pop” Doan behind the pitcher’s Chapman, junior Union executives, , j /-i i j i j ^ i, a booth was set up outside the ’^ound, and “Doc Cole, decked out for the occasion in a Skull Sweet Shop last Friday afternoon and Crescent pot, at first base. and stamp selling was carried on Jim Stiggleman took the mound for the seniors in the first from 4 until 5:30. This booth will half of the first inning, and gave up two runs to DeKay and
“f Taube hit a long drive to right duration of the War Stamp sales. nsld.
Will Maintain Two Charts The faculty team produced a dark horse for pitcher in Starting this week, two charts George Radell who mystified the first few senior batters with will be set up in front of the stamp bis fast ball. Pastrick singled to third and came home when
booth. One will represent the total
Scouts Check Transit Load In Bus Survey Lafayette Boy Scouts were in charge of a passenger-load survey
2. There is no French industry “Tiy Apple Juice” by Phil Johnwhich does not conti ibute.'jto a sub- son, ’42 graduate, and E. W. Nordstantial degree, to the supply of the linger, senior hoi’ticultural student, military or civil departments of In the story the gaining popularity the Reich. This is done under Ger- of apple juice as a drink to take man contracts, on generous terms the place of the almost impossibleof payment. But the money paid by to-get cokes is stressed. In view of the Germans with one hand is taken the fact that students order fruit fiom the French with the othei, in beveiages when they cannot get war indemnity. coca-cola, it is probable that all 3. The French industiies, which fiuit juices including apple juice aie "favored” with German orders will be seived moie frequently in are making substantial piofits, but restaurants and other eating
their deliveiies are draining the places,
substance of France. Already from five to nine million 4. The textile industiy—one of gallons of apple juice are being
sales of the entire University and the other will record the sales of the fraternities, sororities, co-ops, Cary Hall units and other house groups on the campus. This second chart will be the basis for a contest to determine the house whose members purchase the greatest amount of stamps. Members will give the ijame of their house at the
time of their purchase.
All students are urged to dd their pait in the nation’s war effort by making their stamp purchases.
Bruce Warren hit a high fly to left center which was muffed by two faculty men, letting him cross the plate, and making the score 2 and 2 at the
end of the first.
I In the second, Christian came in on a double for the faculty, and Olson brought the score to a tie again at the end of the second with a com-
School Custodians of LaPorte plete circuit of the bases when outCounty are expected to be here fumbled his long fly. June 17 and 18 for a special short "^ound for
the seniors and proceeded to strike
LaPorte County
Custodians To Meet
Here June 17,18
whether large or small, at regular couise arranged by Prof. George H. ^
intervals.
0. P. Eggenberger To End Signal Corps interviews Today
Bush, custodian counselor, in con- j^g. ^md-up and a catchy change of nectiop with the Engineering Ex- p^ce had the faculty men batting .tension Department and the Divi- air quite regularly.
Sion of Education and Applied Psychology of the University with the Division of Vocational Education of
The senior team made its fourth and last run in the third inning, and
charge of the survey.
Lynskey Writes Article For Literary Magazine
the Indiana State Department of faculty wound up their scoring
in the sixth.
Today from 9 a.nj. to 5 p.m. in room 305 of the Union Building, D. P. Eggenberger of the sixth district
.Senior fans on the edge of the field cariied^Ump Cole off the field
the largest in France — recently completed delivery of 1,150,000 metres of aimy cloth to Germany. The price is reported to be 130 francs per metre, compared with
made each year. This production takes care ot the surplus of apples which was formerly shipped abroad. The publication also contained other stories written by Ag stu-
a price of only 90 francs paid by dents on farming and homemaking
(Continued on page 4) topics.
Legion Post Sponsors Levee Rifle Range By Ed Stephenson The white boards along the railroad that are passed on the way across the levee mark one ot the little known Lafayette activities. These posts are the scene ot one of the best known small bore rifle matches in the country, the Mid-West Rifle Tournament, sponsored by Lafayette American Legion Post 11. Constructed In 1935 The range was built by the Legion post in 1935 and was one of the first outdoor small boi^ rifle ranges in the country. It was founded to promote this type of spoit in the middle west by furni.shing safe, well planned facilities for rifle enthusiasts. Since 1935, the annual tournament has giown in size until this year the match, with nearly 100 competitors, was the biggest small bore meet in the middle west. Entries from five states paiticipated in the event. Rang'e privileges aie extended to anyone who has proper equipment and training to puisue the hobby of shooting. If an applicant has these qualifications, he may consult Byion Guildersleeve, executive officer of the range, for a piivilege card. Used By Policemen Although the range is rather unpublicized, the state matches of the National Rifle Association have been held there for the past two years. The 1942 meet, scheduled foi Lafayette, was cancelled due to war conditions. The range is also used by members of the Lafayette Police Depaitment. John F. Holmes, range officer, was recently called to active duty With the Aimy as First Lieutenant to instinct military marksmen. Holmes and Gildersleeve aie both officers in the Tippecanoe Rifle Association, the club that furnished the range equipment in the basement of the Fieldhouse. Both men served as instructors in the course of Rifle Marksmanship offered to the PE 12 classes last semester.
Education cooperating.
Addresses will be made by W. T. Miller, Professor of Heating and
Ventilation; W. A. Knapp, Assist- their shoulders after he had
ant Dean of Engineering; P. C. called a put out the right way in civil service office will hold his final Emmons, Superintendent of Public "th® end of the seventh. Prejudiced interviews with men and women Schools, Mishawaka, Indiana; Wil- f^ctipns decided that Cole was on who are interested m civil service bur Young, Head of Inspection Di- the senior’s^ side, but "Pop” Doan jobs as junior engineering aids with vision. State Department of Public nianaged to let a few decisions go
the Signal Corps. All who are in- Instruction, Indianapolis; Prof. J. to the faculty,
terested are urged to attend today. Davis, Head of Department of Both men walked off the field at Persons selected for these jobs Entomology; P. E. Soneson, Pro- the end of the seventh with the exwill be paid $120 a month during fessor of Civil Engineering; cuse that the game had been schedtheir 24 week training period at Thomas J. Higgins, Assistant Di- nled for only seven innings, but the University. They must be high rector of Building Surveys, Chicago they were herded back into the field school graduates, at least 17 years Public Schools; Prof. Ralph E. Rob- to finish the game, old, v^th a minimum of six high erts. Superintendent of Creamery; With the score tied at 4-4 at the school units in Miemistry, physics, Frank Fox, Building Supervisor of end of the ninth, a beginning downmathematics or drafting. The Sig- the Union Building; and two speak- POUr cleared the stands as if by
er to be announced later, one of magic, and officials declared the them a representative of State game finished with both sides sat-
Board of Health. ^
Inquiries concerning the 1942 Conference and suggestions for
nal Coips has issued no lestrictions on the draft qualifications of appli-
cants. I
At least 100 applicants aie wanted in Lafayette and sui’iounding
isfied.
territory. Those persons hired will future conferences should be made
be trained in aii craft radio for duties in laboratories, and the inspection of materials and equipment at manufacturing plants piior to delivery to the Signal Corps. Sigma Delta Chi
Names 14
to George H. Bush, Custodian Counselor of thej Univeisity, or W. A. Knapp, Assistant Dean of Engineering, also of the University.
Radio Code Classes To Start Wednesday
Pledges
Sigma Delta Chi, national piofessional journalistic fraternity, announces the election of the following pledges for the summer semester: Richard T. Ball, David D. Barta, Howard G. Disslin, Harold 0. Shively, Joe T. Youngblood, Robert W. Boswinkle, Dale E. Butz, William G. Hoskins, Arthur P.
First of a series of beginning and advanced code classes, to be sponsored weekly by the Radio
of the Indiana University de- Club, will begin next Wednesday
at 7:30 p. m. in room 5 of the Electrical Engineering building. Ij; is the purpose of these classes to aid students desiring to learn the international Morse code, and to increase the proficiency of more ad-
vanced operators.
The equipment that will be used in the instruction of the classes will be a new photo-electric unit which is coupled into an audio oscillator. This machine is capable of sending
Dr. Alfred C. Kinsey
partment of zoology, spoke before an open meeting of the University branch of the Ameiucan Association of Scientific Woi’kers Monday on “Social Implications of Biological
Investigations.”
Halliwell To Address AIME Group June 18
AIME, Amel^ican
Institute of
Mechanical Engineers, will sponsor
Hunter, David W. Ochiltree, Walter a lecture by G. P. Halliwell, June perfect code up to 100 words per E. Rafert, Donald E. Brewer, Jo- 18, at 8:00 p. m. in Room 263 of the minute from recorded tapes, seph S. Dawson, and Edward L. Union. Halliwell is a representative The classes will be instructed by Karpick. of the H. Kramer Company of Chi- Art Westneat, who instructed the There will be a meeting for the cage, smelters and refiners of scrap military code classes for the past new pledges in the Exponent office metals. His subject will be Alum- year and who is president of Univertomorrow afternoon at 4. inuip-Manganese Bronzes. sity Radio Club.
54; Home Economics, 43; Ajfriculture, 39; Electrical En0*» neering, 32; Civil Engineering; 11; Metallurgical Engineering, 6; Pharmacy, 5; Public Service Engineering, 4; PhysiciU Education, 2; Trade and Industrial Engineering, 1; and Engineering Law, 1. 69 freshmen engineers
rated the honor.
J, T-i -J J Those whose index was 6.6 off
of the city bus lines on Friday and ^ n
•' higher are as follows:
yesterday. Scouts on all buses dis- Freshmen: R. B. Batchelor, E. tributed questionnaires to passen- D. Boston, C. M. Bush, R. S. Buzaril, gers in an effort to obtain a com- J- P- Costas, H. N. Davidon, K. J. prehensive idea of the peak hours H^™™®rle, J. A. Henderson, J. E, and main loading points. The sur- H* Link, C. M. McKelvey. vey was carried out at the request ^i^^bel, W. E. l|lQrgan, J&r., of the Emergency Transportation ^ R- P* Roberts, committee of the Greater Lafayette **’'*hh, J. R. Songer, T. L. Tilton, Chanjher of Commerce with the co- ^riens, T. J. Wall, engineers; operation of the Lafayette Transit Apostle, Ruth L. Lumpkin, Company. home economics; Betty Ann Ar|h, Attempt To Conserve Tires R^chelder, M. L. Bender, ^ Results of the survey will be V* Ritchie, Mar^^A^ compiled and used to recommend R°®®' Virginia M. Sellers, aci-r
a staggering of working hours in
Lafayette plants to decrease high omores: H. S. Wann, Agi peak loads and to revise present R®®ster, ChE; C. E. Porteff, schedules in order to conserve tires Resnick, ChE; M. Skete, and transit equipment. With the ChE; J. W. distribution of passenger-hours a L!E; R. L. Stein, CE; E. “skip-stop” plan may be instituted, Macqueene, EE; A. E. PeltoSald, in which buses will stop on alter- R-Whitely, EE; M. SclrfU^* nate corners. Until compilation of 1?^’ ®®4don. Met; D. C. the results of the survey no defi- W. Carbon, M^J
nite action will be taken. John Ave is head of the Public Service Company of Lafayette, and in direct Sally Beall, HE; Mary L. Eg«|% HE; Margai-et J. Parker, ME; E* H. Thomas, P; Marjorie E. shaw, Sc; Dorothy A. Comthwkitff, Sc; H. T. Haramel, Sc; Britff H. Kraepelien, Sc; F. ,K. Levin,
Dr. Winifred Lynskey of the Uni- Beth L. Ludberg, Sc; Ellen Set-. versity department of English is right, Sc. the author of an article appearing Juniors: R. C. Edwards, Ag i in the June number of the “Publi- H. Cuiry, ChE; D. O. Henri|cs^ cations of the Modern Language ChE; A. W. Hubert, ChE; W. 8* Association of America.” Entitled Lupke, ChE; R. J. Taylor, Cj^j “Pluche and Derhan, New Sources W. C. Walker, ChE; P. J. Weavtf, of Goldsmith,” it is a study of ChE; R. T. Ball, CE; G. P. hitherto unexamined sources of CE; G. R. Cooper, EE; H. J. Re^ Oliver Goldsmith’s more important CE; J. H. Ai-mstrong, ME; W. 8. writings on natural history. (Continued on page 4)
More Parking Meters Installed In Lafayette By Mary Sutton Everyone has piobably seen what appears to be the only legal ling machines in Lafayette, and wondered why they are being insfaltra. People, being of curious natures, and coming to conclusions of their will know why they are installed before they know the facts. Here is why: The purpose of the meteis is to move traffic and plettTqht merchants and clerks from parking in one place all day. A survey around the square was made over a period of forty-five days and it was foUtut that fifty-two per cent of the cars parked on the street were the meio chants’ and their help. The merchants haidly gave their customer^ H chance to park. Those who wished to park had to drive around the city, as they seaiched for a parking space, wearing out tires and using efftm gasoline. Now it is much easier to find a place to park. 130 Meters Installed One hundred and thirty meters have been installed from first to siXtll stieet and around the square, and fifty more" will be installed to eighth street. The meter can’t be cheated. Unless one finds some time unused Q|t meter, he inevitably ends up by placing a niekle in the slot or being hSat^ ed a policeman’s ticket. The manual meter works after the msertiofl^ a coin, no slugs allowed, and the handle is turned. One cent will twelve minutes of parking; five cents will allow one hour of parking; and an additional five cents will allow two hours parking. Manual Meters Chosen The manual meter is more commonly used and proven more tory than the automotive meter. The aut6matic is dependent Qiv m weight of a coin and therefore less satisfactory. (Woe to the one 'feho uses a lead slug.) _ The meters were installed after the survey which was made lit# Chamber of Commerce. The merchants gieatly approved the idea.0^ ^ meters. '' The meters are being used in New Albany, Kokomo, Michigan Anderson, Muncie and Lafayette. The money taken in ftrom th# here will be used to carry on a safety and recreational progrann,
/,’■''> i\
Exponent LmtortM^
^ilT-’;:
Sunday, June 7, 1942
#'■ I
W,''
it-'
Publication Staff . A^odate Bdltora' Sditartal Staff: K. W. Boamihkle; p. E. But*, W. G. Hoakinla r<jA:-P. Btuoter, D. W.'jbthiltree,. W. E. Rafert. ,, SpoHs Staff : D. E. Brewer. J. S. Pawson, E. B. Karpick. Coed Staff: Sally Beall, Charlotte Hass. Jean Lauer.
Pufn^ki§ Exponent
Ofticac'; Etiitoriai'and tiutiness, furdue Memorial Union, Phone. 4005 V' SplirHr FittldhbfffcO, Phone 2792 editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
ffhiitcr-in^CUar Jtaw* Editor ;.. MhniaaiM BDHiot Spptta Editor idHHKka Matiaaar Circulation Manager ... Coed ^ilor
John P. Amo* Don T. BtophJ ... John H. Armstrong Robert L. Hadley William D. MilUrd Ken K. GJemre Alice Chatfleld
Business Staff
Coed Business Manager: Julia Martin. Adverttsing Managers: J. M. Wright, D. L. JobniOB. QRiilaGoa,. Manager : G. H. Kloumah. lAicconniii Manager: ,Trena Torrenga. Jahior Co^ Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane Kel*.
Staff For This Issue Nifcht Editor: Boswlnkle JnWar In Charge: Kafert i^yHEdirtr: Hass Sports Editor: Brewer Reporters: Stephenson, Miller, Shipnoski.
Entered ab Second class matter at the post office in )^fey; ette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, ana At the special rate of postage provided toC^ iw ScClton 110^ act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published an Wednesday, Friday and Sunday mornings during the sum
mer"^e8te“r’and‘"dnily' e*cept Monday during the fall and ' *—ally by carl’ier.ior $i*2o lo*.
•UCr eastai —asaaj
winter semesters. Delivered local... -------
attiainer semester; mailed subacriptiona $1.50. d4ia Represented for national advertising by National AdvertlSihg SerViciv Inc., College Publishers Representatiyes, 420
MaffisOn Avfe., New YoA, N. ¥. . ..
Bgtftllw ■ ■ ■ ■
Editor’s Note; The following editorials were .printed in the Exponent published during World Wat’ I in‘the midst of a National Food Conservation Program* FOOD CONSERVATION Once again the call has gone out to the people at home to come to the front and further deprive, them.selves of some of the luxuries of life in order to help the government win this war aiid phee again the call comes in the fbi’trt bf an appeal tb save food and then —^save moi’e food, i ; ' ■ ' , i' •
The order of the food administration, that Tuesday should be observed as the meatless day of the week and that one meatless meal should be observed in each day, should be complied with by everyone and there is .a field at this University in the food saving program which should produce remarkable savings. The fraternities and boarding clubs are the places where the 'request of the food administration should produce a great saving. We are not asked to give up food but we are asked to substitute more plentiful foods for the ones that our allies and oyr troops abroad can utilize.
Another Service.
So far this year the fraternities and boarding .clubs around the campus have come up to the mark and ft only t^emains for the fraternities to keep up this standard. It rViOans much to. this institution that every individual organization and person put its or his whole lieart into the struggle and baek up the administration in every patriotic move*
= The question of summer directories .or a substitute for them about which there has beeit considerable discussion- in the past several weeks* has been solved by the Union. . " We publish the following excerpt from a letter received by Trofessor Hockema from L. Vallely, manager of the Union: ' “Directories not being available, the Purdue Memorial Union will furnish telephone huinbefs and addresses during the summer term for those who ask for them. Usually it will be necessary to call back a few minutes after the original request so that the switchboard telephone service is not interrupted -While the proper card is being located.” This latest service which the Union is offer'Ing^he student body is one that will truly be apWeeiated. • We cannot urge too strongly that the student body cooperate to make this additional task as light as possible by using last year’s , directory when it contains the desired infor.mation. . ■ the accelerated program, the University plans to publish a directory whenever lai-g-e groups of new students enter, according to Professor. Hockema. Cost makes publica- , tion more often impossible.
It Would be indeed a serious plight for most Americans were they forced to live in Germany at this time for there they would be forced to live under the supervision of the military authorities While in this country it is left to the individual’s sense of patriotism and honor that he do the right thing. The organ- . izations at Purdue must not be found “slacking” in the slightest respect when the final count is made.
“Fve lost all interest in life, doctor—I don’t seem to dare what happens to the radio serial heroines anymore.”
The record made so far is one that no individual who has the interest of the University at heart will suffer to become tarnished with the slightest insinuation against it and to keep the record clear one must pitch in and follow the schedule outlined in the President’s proclamation. —January 29, 1918,
^tamJbA. GmL oEonA.
' Today we present a new column. “Lambs and Lions” will doffUwith personalities — interesting people with personalities ranging between that wide span from the “Lamb” to the “Lion.”
Shorts
We keep hearing rumors floating around •the campus that first one type of dress and then another has been banned. Some time ago ■ it was rumored that shirts would have to be Worn at all times in PE 12 and on the tennis courts. The most recent was a rumor that khorts would be made taboo for coeds and that the men had already been forbidden by several instructors to come to class in them. We, per-sonally, don’t care to parade our bare legs up and down the campus - (we’re a little knock-kneed) but we can’t see any basis ior prohibiting people from doing it if they want to. With the weather as hot as it has been, and is likely to be, we, feel that any inethod of keeping cool that makes studying •; hfly easier has some merit. It is hard to believe that Purdue Ifegs would prove a distraction to anyone’s study. On the other hand we can see no excuse for people coming to programs in the Music Hall where it is comfortably cool half dressed or dressed in overalls as was done last Sunday,
The Bottle Keck
VINCENT WRITES HOME
Deal’ Family, Ma, will you send me my sailor suit. I think it is in that big corn flakes box in the attic. I haven’t gotten many dates yet and I have an idea.
Along with the suit you might send me some wash ragt—I have to wash my face now. There used to be a fountain behind the Service and Stores building that sprayed water all over. I did walk by there all the time, but they put a building up around the fountain now.
By Charlotte Hass Most of the coeds living in the midwest think too little about the habits and customs of girls in other parts of the hemisphere. With international relationship stressed by the national government, it is patriotic as well as interesting to know how the Mexican “senioritas” live. Gloria Fox, a University student lives in Mexico City. Said she, “The most disappointing difference between dating in Mexico and dating here is the lack of flattery which the girls at home have grown to expect. Evenings there are a continual flow of sweet nothings—and, golly (that is a word .-^he picked up here) we like it.” Let that be a lesson to you fellows. Contrary to popular belief, dress,styles in Mexico are littlje different from those in this country; .simplicity and “sophistication” are sought by the higher class. It is true, however, that the peasants wear the traditional bright colored skirts and scarfs, but they live in the back hills of-the mountains. On festive days everyone dresses in as many of the loudest colors as they can—and this is the time when tourists notice them—hence the incorrect conclusions. In Mexico City it has been noticed many times that in the hottest days of slimmer, girls with their chaperons or mothers wear heels, hats, all the furs they own, and gloves. It is accepted that those able to afford these luxuries wear them at nearly all occasions. About this chaperoning business. From the day a girl is born, she never leaves the house, even on dates, without a chaperon—either her mother, relative or governess. Kidnappings occur every day in the cities and to go just a short distance by yoUrself is “taking your life in your own hands.” Higher education i.s taboo for the girls in practically all of Mexico. When Gloria came to the United States, her friends advised her “to be very careful” and most of her neighbors were shocked. Now she is a senior H.E. student, and thinks college is wonderful. Cei-tain characteristics'of eating would have most U. S. citizens Worried and hungry—they eat only two meals a day. Breakfast is at 10 in the morning and dinner is at 3. Gloria explains this by saying that in the low altitude of Mexico City people just don’t get hungry. “If you eat shortly before going to bed, you are certain to have nightmares every minute;until morning. -Maybe that’s why our dates at home can afford to be so polite—they know that their dates won’t want food to eat even when they offer it to them, suggested Miss Pox. She might have an idea there. The national sport of Mexico is bull fighting which is attended by both the fellows and girls. They also play all of the United States sports-^ahd like baseball a lot. ' So, coeds, besides having different eating, dating, schooling and shopping habits, your life is quite similar to that of girls “south of the border.”
By Art Hunter Well, the Ostrander girls broke into pictures and print last week again (this time it was with the approval and permission of all concerned). In the June 16 issue of Look six pages are devoted to a decidedly interesting portrayal of various aspects of the University life of Janie and Annie. Over two months ago during the week-end of the Tommy Dorsey mixer. Look photographers converged on the University to gatherrtiaterial for this first article in a series on American women. During that March 28th week-end and three days thereafter. Look cameras filmed the “O’s” from every conceivable angle while studying, working, swimming and with their dates. Of the few of these classic photos which finally made thbir appearance, perhaps one of the most ludicrous was the gem showing “Big John” P e tty massaging Janie’s scalp in the proces.s of giving her an elaborate shampoo in the Ostrander basement. ' We wondered what happened to all the prints of the girls in their classrooms:—only one of them appeared and in that Annie was dividing her attention between her knitting and a chem lectui'e. We liked those pictures of the girls at the Women’s Gym pool, but those University bathin.g suits are in need of drastic improvement. ■ We paused for a moment over the “lingering good nights” on the Ostrander steps, showing “Big
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
University Book Store
AcroBB From Union "Bed** Sammong *29 *'Ddc*' Epple *40
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
DANCE RECITAL Tues., June 9th, SrOO p.m. Public Invited — Aditi. Free SUMMER GLASSES OPEN in Ballet and Tdp for Children SATURDAY, JUNE 13 Classes Divided According to Age Phone 2150 ALLEN’S 6th and Ferry
— NOW PLAYING — DOUBLE FEATURE Man With A Past A doctor accused in o shocking murder scondol finds strangff | adventure in the mighty Alaskon wilds!
with LUCiLE FAIRBANKS
It is really hot down here. All the guys that used to say boji how they were going to wear shorts when ^ hot •weather came aren’t wearing them yet. I wish they would hurry up and start it, because I’m afraid to until very many else do it.
Coeds of the Macalester college Hyperion 'society have turned “shoe shine girls” in a drive for funds to buy gifts for Macalester men in the armed forces.
• • . Seme of the guys I know are worried. A lady everyone calls Dean Dotty i,s c^^nnected up someway with the women soldiers. The fellows are afraid she will (Start wearing a uniform and we will have to salute her. That would sure be bad because I’m nervous When I salute a man officer. It would be worse saluting Dean Dotty.
A University of Oregon “athletic honor 'Toll” shows moreThan 100 former Webfoot athletes now in the armed service of their country.
There was a free show again Thursday in the Mu’’ulc' iiaU. It was very cold in there and I just had on
my Purdue “T” shirt, but I liked the show a lot. In part of it they had some Indians playing .some kind of game with clubs and a little ball. I think it was called Lacrosse. I sure hope there were no PE 12 instructors at the show. I’ll have to leave now. I’ll write soon again. Love, Vincent
TODAY - MON.
LUMA
2 LAUGH HITS
Loads bf Laugh . . . when These Mani.-ics Maneuver!
TRAMP, TRAMP, TRAMP!
—with— JACKIE GLEASON and BORRAH MINEVITCH and his Harmonica Rascals
\BUY WAR STAmS and BONDS af This WtAmi/
Look Magazine Features Picture Story Of ‘O ’ Sisters
John” Petty, “Horsey” Riley and the girls in the last moments of their T. Dorsey dates. We also wondered what Dorsey would think about the lipstick which Janie must have smea,red on his famous trombone during her musical solo that night. Look’s descriptive matter for the picture was accurate for the most part and highly flattering at times, but they were a bit behind time in their statement about Annie still being in the stage of having a different date every night’ (How about that, Dawson ?)
Pliiversity; ■ Lal^n^ar Monday, June 8
8.-00 A.M.
^ '7:30 P.M.7:30 P.M.-
8:00 P.M.-
1:30 P.M.
4:00 P.M.6:30 P.M.6:00 P.M.-
7:30 P.M. 8:00 P.M. 8:00 P.M.
9:00 A.M.7:30 P.M.-
9:00 A.M. 9:00 A.M; 3:00 P.M.7:00 P.M.7:30 P.M.-
8:00 P.M.-
9:00 A.M. 9:00 A.M. 1:80 P.M.
2:00 P.M.6:30 P.M. 8:30 P.M.-
8:00 A.M. 9:00 A.M,
-4-H Club Round-Up'Regis-: . tration ;... ' ,.,;....i.Great Hall, Union -Boy Scouts Exec. Room 30'4, Union -Religious Council—Faculty and Students Meeting .....! Rooms 355 and 363, Union • -Farmers Club Meeting ..Room 263, Union Tuesday, June 9 4-H Club Round-Up . See program ■ -Luncheon—Purdue Military ' ; Wives East Faculty. Lounge,, Union -Committee on State of University Room 263, Union -Home Demonstration Agents....Rooms 332 and 334, ' ' Union -4-H Round-Up Banquet North and South Ballrooms, Union -Alpha Phi Omega Pledging Room 303, Union —4-H.Club Party ..South Ballroom; Union 4-H Club Dance North Ballroom, Union Wednesday, June 10 .4-H Club Round-Up— | i ' iLi?.. ; . See Program ‘ v,, - —Canners Technician School......Hort. Building —Marriage CoiU'se Rooms 302 and 304,. Union , ' Thursday, June 11 —Canners Technician School Hort. Building ' —Fire School :... South Ballroom, Union —Screen Review Music Hall' ■ ■ ' —Fire School ....! South Ballroom, Union —Thomas Say Entomological Society Room 103, Ag. Hall —Indiana Society of Profes- ' . sional Engineers Room 263, Union Friday, June 12 —Canners Technician School ......Hort. Building —Fire School ; ....South Ballroom, Union —Fire School ............East and West Fac. . • ■ , Lounges, Union —Farm Managers Meeting ..Rooms 366 and 363, Union —Farm Managers Dinner Rooms 332 and 334, Union • —P.I.A. Dance ....; North and South Ballrooms, Union Saturday, June IS —Farm Managers Meeting Rooms 365 and 363, Union —Canners Technician School Hort. Building
A MELODY CRUISE TO SHAKE THE BIDES!..
Dance! Sing! Laugh! Romance!
MARS
jur mit STAMPS mil BOHDS at TUsmAm/
Dorsey Switii|s Info Action with 7 New Hits!
ENTIRE WEEK
-Saris I0D»Vymmm
ADMISSION—THIS SHOW ONLY Mstineo (All Seats) 40e Tax Inc. Evenings and AM Day Sunday Balcony ‘I'le-Tax-Inc. Main Floor 5Se Tax Inc, Children la tall tiinos) ITcTaxIne,•' '' / % Sunday^ jMne 7^ 1042 Bdifterm^uleet:. Sports
StfYfr,a^ IJivffer ^iaj^pn^m Qfl, Ymms Ufayette Clubs
By Joe Dawson
Alth(iUgh the regular season is just getting under way, several members'of Riveter baseball teams have already rhade quite a name for themselves on the various Lafayette amateur and semi-pro teams. A handful of these fellows are still 'ivorking out under Coach Fehrlng' in preparation for the gatne with (jfeat Lakes a week from 'Tuesday but have still had time to show their wares in the sev- ,,1, eral Lafayette hardball and -jjijg start of the campaign, in the softball leagues. Middleton ghme Friday night both Don Blanken and Ed Ehlers Blhnken collected two ii. • . i. ^ hits to lead the Red Sox attack.
in their first year in organized baseball have shown up well
while playing for the strong La- „ .,. , .... , , fayette Red Sox team of the In- Pethch outstanding hurler on this
ygar s Riveter outfit with a record
diana-Ohio League.
wins against three defeats,
Totlgii Caatomer At Plate definitely established himself in the Don did'nbt'playHvith the Boiler- Lafayette Industrial League by makers this yeai but during the turning in a no-hit game in his first two previous season^ stamped him- start with the American Legion self as one of the finest hurlers in team. Walt Leifheit, senior pitcher the Conference in addition to being and outfielder on Fehring’s club Always a dangerous threat at the this year, is playing along side of plate. Blanken is noted for his long Paul again for the Legion team, ball hitting, having slammed sev- Many Riveter athletes are playeral balls over the fence at Colum- ing on the various softball teams bian Park. all over town. Red ClaSeman, a Ehlers played on - Pop Doan’s member of Claud Reeck’s championfreshman squad this past season Ship wrestling sqUad and one of where he was thought by experts Fehi’ing’s catchers, is on the Unite have one of the strongest throw- versity Drug Store team along with ing arms Seen around here in sev- Ed Cycenes, one of the outstanding eral years. In his last few games prospects for the right half back Ed has become a consistent hitter, position on Elmer Burnham’s grid seemingly his only weakness before squad next fall.
c?w‘f comfl,i,5i3ueg FeMnch RNntnf Nf#
Bv Bob H«ii.v Stqrre<i |n fOqlhqs
Petrich Comes Through On this same evening.
Paul
Where’s that Topcoat You Just Discarded? Hanging in the hall closet? Jammed in the bedroom closet? You’re not going to need it the next few months— the very months in which destructive moths put in their most savage attackdt Why, that topcoat’s as good as gold right now. Who knows when next you’ll be able to buy all-wool fabric of the same quality? You owe it to yourself and the national need for wool to take care of that precious topcoat. Have it Sanitone cleaned—then store it in a mothproof bag. DIAL 3085 mmm iaundry 132 NORTHWESTERN
DINE WHERE FOOD’S DELICIOUS
IF you want food that looks as good as it tastes, visit the CAFETERIA We pride our.selves on our good food . . . and every day we strive to make it more appealing to every taste.
J/lJL fiuAdjUSL TTbumuaL lApwfL Just take a walk < . ‘ r ' ' » 1, fhrougfi the huilding!
Yesterday afternoon was vitally Wasted, as regards “the determination of the relative baseball-playing abilities of the University faculty and students. Probably only the downpour prevented the gatne from.going
oh indefinitely.
The seniors never fully solved the slants of that sterlihg cotttbinatldn of Doan and Radell (sour grUpes—^the editor stfruck out) ^ and the professors cOuldn’^t seem to hit the ball where senior fielders '^weren’t on active duty. The 4-4 tie was probably for the best. It keeps the controversy open. I^hat yesterday did bring—and just What it was slipposed to bring— Was an exhibition of interest and enthusiasm by the seniors and members of other classes who exhibited what is nsually referred to as “the Old spirit." The ceremonies of yesterday were substitutes for some of Purdue’s most cherfshed traditions. The spirit of the players and the fahs Was the real thing. Prom the yells and advice from the stands to “Sweet Adeline," rendered by a chorus of “mad mets” sitting in the rain, the seniors plunged right into the spirit of the day. The consensus of opinion was that the activities of the day will find a niche in Boilermaker tradition, at least for the duration, because they bring closer faculty-student relations, sometimes lost itt a shuffle of Tor ms and problems at a university Such as OUrs. All this is piobably not exactly in my department, so back to the game. The play was characterized chiefly by relatively small amounts of bungling, to the surprise’ of the general public and, particularly, the senior team members. Who had i ather hoped for a "reasonable supply of faculty boners. However, it developed that most of the seniors followed one of three courses: (a) fanning; (b) grounding to Hatfield at third—sure death; or (c) popping to shoitfielder Spalding. Before the end of the fray, not only were announcers Dick Sail and Bob Woodworth befuddled by liberal aUd impromptu 'Substitutions, but the senior captain sbent sometime along about the fifth inning running over to the press box to find out who was playing and w^at the batting order was. i
IM Schedules
The following fraternities will play Gold and Block regular games Monday evening, June 8 at 6:30:
Field
1 Theta Tau vs Delta Upsilon 2 Alpha Chi Rho vs Sigma Phi Epsilon 3 Trinagle vs Tau Epsilon Phi 4 Phi Kappa vs Pi Kappa Phi Field 7 00 p m ^ 1 Theta Chi vs Sigma Alpha Mu 2 Lambda Chi Alpha vs Sigma Chi 3 Alpha Tau Omega vs Beta Theta Pi 4 ?hi Gamma Delta vs Phi Kappa Tau The following tennis doubles will be played Monday evening at 4, June 8:
Court
1 Sigma Alpha Mu vs Phi Kappa Sigma 2 Phi Delta Theta vs Phi Kappa Tau 3 Kappa Delta Rho vs Delta Upsilon 4 Theta Chi vs. Phi Gamma Delta 5 Lambda Chi Alpha vs Sigma Pi 6 Theta Tau vs. Phi Kappa Psi 11 Alpha Kappa Lambda vs Lambda Ghi Alpha Pi Phis Win 8-5 Over Delta Chis In Softball Wednesday afternoon at Ideal Beach Pi Beta Phi defeated Delta Chi fraternity, 8-5. Outstanding for the Pi Phis were the Cole sisters. Sis Wiley and Jean Barrett. Frank Ruggeri, member of the football and wrestling teams, looked good for Delta Chi. Doc Cole took the afternoon off to umpire this encounter.
JAM mum with JUi RECORDS
Jersey Bounce Buckle Down Winsocki Benny Goodiiinn Orch. Co-.’{6588 .5.S Don’t Sit Under the Apple Tree riiere Won’t Be a Sliortage of Love liny Kyser Orch, CO-.36567 1 . .53 Moonlight Cocktai^ Whistling Cowboy Horace Heidt Orch. GO-36S12 .53 Skylark Blue Shadows and White Gardenias Bing Crosby De.4193 .37 Three Little Sisters Heavenly Hideaway .4rt Jarrett Orch. Vi-27857 ' - .53 Sleepy Lagoon A Fireside Chat Vaughn Monroe Orch. BB-11496 .37 Prom Date (Ozsie ISelson Orch.) (Washington and Lee Swing, The Sweetheart of Sigma Chi, The Eyes of Texas, Rambling Wreck Irom Georgia Tech, On Wisconsin, Victory March, Anchors Aweigh) P-66 . ...u - 2.67
(0^
in the
McLean Music Store 514 Main St,
Hawke|e$ Leaij Ball League Over 7 Years I Iowa City, Iowa, June 6—Iowa’s diamond squad, tied for first place in the final standings of the Big Ten baseball competition, leads the league in a seven-year period with a margin of two and one-half games over Michigan’s nine, which also tied for pole position in the 1942 race. From 1936 thiough 1942 the Hawkeyes have won 55 games and lost 23 for a percentage of .706, while the Wolverines have chalked up 63 victories as compared to 26 defeats, settling to a .672 percentage. The next two ranking university ball clubs are Illinois, 48 Won, 26 lost, for .621; and Indiana, 43 won, 28 lost for .605. Triton Club To Hold Meeting Tomorrow Girls interested in swimming are invited to attend Triton Club’s open meeting to be held in the Memorial Gymnasium at 7:30 p. m. tomorrow. 1 New members of the club will be ehpsen according to the results qf foim and endurance swimming tests to be given during the next two weeks. Meetings are held each Monday night at the pool of the Memorial Gym. Plans for coming club activities include presentation of a water ballet at one of the mixed recreation swims held in the Fieldhouse pool duiing the summer, and a picnic for Triton Club members.
By Don Brewer He is chalked up in the books as one of the greatest all-around athletes this University has seen—yet if his name weren’t in the aboVe headline, I’d give you two-to-one odds you couldn’t guess it. Earned Nine Letters Fehring, pilot of the Boilermaker diamond squad, freshnlan basketball coach, and assistant on the gridiron, earned a grand total of nine major letters while attending the University. He gained three in each sport he went out for—football, basketball, and baseball. Terre Haute claims him. “Dutch” was his nickname when he began to establish himself in school athletics as a sophomore in 1931 under Noble Kizer in football and Piggy Lambert in basketball and baseball. Kizer Mob Goes Wild Athletics at Purdue hit practically an all-time high while Dutch competed in sports. Noi-thwestern was the only squad which could hold Kizer’s mob back, and in 1932 the grid squad, tied only by Northwestern, 7-7, swept to a Big Ten-victory undefeated. Some vf the scores were
overwhelming, with the HodSiers falling 26-7. • ^ t'. - Fehring went in at center on the hardwood squad, played against Notre Dome’s Krause, star gridiron tackle and basketball fiash, and led Lambert’s team to a 36-31 win. Dutch won a berth on the Indianapolis Star’s All-State team and finished hear the top of the conference scoring with 86 points. Played As Catcher As one of the leading hitters on Lambert’s baseball nine, he played behind the plate, as the team, not even conceded a Chinaman’s chance to finish in the top bracket, surprised the Conference by finishing third with .600. The combination of Captain Fehring at left tackle and Ed Ungers at right tackle featured a Boilermakei’ line that became noted over the country. Iowa tossed defeat to Kizer’s men, 14-0, and Minnesota edged a 7-7 tie, but the rest fell by the waysid^, including Indiana, 19-7. Dutch saw only two ,defeats during his varsity grid career and was elected honorary captain of the AllConference squad. Again as center on the basketball squad he won the A.P. All-Confer-ence rating, as the team copped the Big Ten race and j)ermanent posses-
sion of the Altertoii hMbeth«lt tyophy. Purdue shftttered ihd €&afet~ ence scoring record with 486 points, winning all hut three ih h-'Slhgamo schedule—aecountitig for Ho 4i#<i undisputed title in five years- ^ Baseball competition under Piggy saw him close to a .400 average, pretty good for college ball. Duf^ was named frosh footlbalF ketball mentor upon graduatkm,a4id several years later Piggy iumBd dlls full attention to basketball and F-eii-ring took over the Riveter nine. And That’s Not All Coach Fehring found time tO ^0 a little more then compete 4n athletics. Pour out of eight semesteiat, as a student in the science jscheol, he became distinguished. As a member of Delta Tau Delta he was a member of Skull and Crescent, Gimlet Club, “V” Men’s Club, Blue JKay honorary, and served as a mtmibtv of the junior prom committee. Boilermaker baseball under Cnbdi Fehring hasn’t ended vq) with the Riveter nine in the first dlvtsiim very often, but Imseball hmJe.iuts never claimed much success. 6ob<^ing a sport which draws so Very IRtle interest from the majinrity fd the student body has, and will alwafrs be, a difficult job. Dntdi has oartainly worked to push it to the
Former Boilermaker Tries For Major League Berth
By Jack Halstead The amazing story of Felix Mackiewicz’ drive for recognition in the major baseball leagdtes isn’t too familiar with the Boilermaker sports fans. Yet it does involve a person firm in the memories of the Gold and Black coaches. Felix Mackiewicz was well known as a football end and batting powerhouse on Dutch Fehring’s nine. He is the only Purdue grad to ever hit the majors. Defeated Caveretta Back in 1935 in Chicago Mack was pitching against and .defeating Phil Cavei'etta, present Chicago Club player, in the American Legion baseball toui’nament; but what “ups” and “downs” took place in the years before Mack’s college career would hold, proportionately, such a trivial place as compared to Mackiewicz as a Purdue athlete, more specifically as a baseball star. Townspeople and students alike began to shout “big league prospect” shortly after they had taken their fii’st look at the lank Boilermaker in action, because Felix rapped ball after ball against the outfield walls to win wild esteem when he was a junior. Not Too Strong As Senior But the expectancy of the local fans in 1940 put too great pressure on Mack as a senior, and he was able to achieve no great peiformances. Many, including Felix, be;; came frantic for fear his prospec-
tive career was at an end. Up, like a true star, he shot again when an opportunity to play semipro ball presented itself, and soon Mackiewicz was the “Pride of Purdue” again. Semi-pro ball suited Felix so well that he banged out records in many of the Indiana-Ohio league parks, just to be leaving his" “mark.” Athletics Sign Him Up Then came the chance of a iifetitpe, a contract with the Philadelphia Athletics, and confidence soared. Short-lived was this confidence, however, as experienced eyes of major league scouts detected minor weaknesses in Purdue’s greatest big league prospect. So it was down to the minors for a year, where Mack experienced the same procedure. First, a great start with league records submitting to his powerful bat; and then, back injuries to slow his advance. After the latter his batting average slumped noticeably, but spurted enough at; close of the season to win him another chance in 1942. At the start of the 1942 diamond year Mack’s hopes, and the hopes of local fans, hit an extreme high and shortly after skidded to an equally extieme low. It is from this “low” in his widely fluctuating chart that Mack is struggling now. Lady Luck Smiles Spring training saW Felix at the
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. HARDWARE—PAINTS anaUSUNDRIES i FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 45S4 ' Wc Deliver
, SCUBEE’S — All Kinds of Photographic Supplies — Fresh Film and Fihn Pks — Try Our Quality Kodak Finishing — PROMPT SERVICE
Phone 2343
105 Northwestern Ave.
BE TH^ CEIVTER OF ADMIRIIVG EYES!
You’ll he a success in your wardrobe, made fresh and clean by us!
U/mA, Qlmn,
Northwestern at Vine
Phone 4081
Zouaves Will Hold Drill For Brigade Tuesday In Armory At the next Tuesday ROTC Corps Day the Purdue Order of Zouaves will give a drill exhibition before the brigade in the Armory. The drill will serve to introduce the Zouaved” to the freshman and sophomore military students. Callouts for Zouave members will be held within a few days following the Tuesday performance. The Zouaves have been active since 1928, and during this time they have given many performances on this campus and seveial drills during field tups. The public is invited to attend this exhibition which may be viewed from the balcony on the second floor of the armory. Former Sports Editor Serves At Midway
Rolf Jenkins, Sc. ’40, foimer sports editor of the Exponent and editor of the Purdue Independent, has been on Midway Island, centei of U. S.-Jap naval and land battles,
since Januaiy 28.
Jenkins, who left his sports job on the impellent following his giaduation to work for the United Press in St. Louis, Mo., enlisted in the Marines last November. While on the campus he was given the Sigma Delta Ohi award for the greatest journalistic competition to
the University.
At present Jenkins is a piivate, first class, but is expecting to be commissioned in the near future.
Athletics’ training camp, and lady luck smiling upon him. Two ddlfielders were injured and another unsigned, so came dnothbr nhanee for Mackiewicz. This timh success seemed achieved, as he battered tte ball at a pace which led the fclnhr in number of hits and rune-batted-Si. Philadelphia newspapers shrinied praises and experts listed the Putdue grad as a “sure-starter’’ on opening day of the big league seiison. Why not? The rooSe had played in more than twenty Strai^t exhibition games without heinff 1*-
placed.
Warms The Bench ^ Then came opening day ... Mack rode the bench. For two more days he only watched the games, all ttA time losing confidence and becoming rusty from lack of practice. His chance in the “big show" came at last, but too late. The let down, disappointed MackieWidZ took his position in the fourth game of the season, and true, he did “misS the boat.” Curve balls looked strange, “flies” dipped and sailed ih their flight, the whole game took a hew slant, as Felix began his big league career in the spot of an un-
dei dog.
Oflieial scorebooks have two “K’s” marked after Mackiewicz’ name-, the “K” signifying strikeout, while tWo mental errors are chalked in Manager Connie Mack’s notebook to remind him of the pair of otttfield “flies” Felix played exactly Wrtm^ off the rightfield wall. Labelled -is the Purdue star in both books ks “Batter ’Down’.” Felix Mackiewicz is batting and threatening i-ecords in the leagues again, having been, sqnt back less than a month ago folkwing his initial performance. H« has his determination back, and Ukewise, his ability. Perhaps next season when they shout “Batter Up it will mean “Sattei Up” to Mack, a batter d^antiy on top of an accumulated of tough bleaks. Branch McCrack^ 'Hoofs It' Again Bloomington, Ind., dune' 6 — Branch McCiacken, Indiana university’s basketball coach, may be going barefooted before thd summer
is over.
. Like all good Americans, the HooSier hardwood pilot is tryinfffq travel on foot and conserve Ms automobile tires and gasoline. iMt McCmcken recently waS named USO chairman m this city and Comity, and he has been “footing it" all over the community posting’ USO show windows and billboard adym;-
tising. '' But far as going barefodtdd is conceimed, McCracken says “I’ve done it before, and I
it again.” ■ ‘ i
Major Charles 1. Robbins . . . former student at the Undversity was killed recently wlum hib plane crashed at Charlotte, jjT. C. He graduated from West in 1937 and has been stationed lit Philadelphia with a unit ot the Third Interceptor command.ii 3 ^ ^i ;,< ^ ' &7 ,' i* ’^■f'*’^V ' ifV 1^ "’'i‘^ r i Purdue Exponent SunSay, June i, 194S
& * f ^
'•’ll- ^1, M
I?#. lll^
An* <3* rage 4
Fraternity Officers Attend School f Notices
P 1 A. Chorus Will those Snterosted in sinemt: in the PIA Chorus please sign up in the PIA ofTice before Tuesday, June 9, or call Hendricks 41961 —HENDRICKS
Camera Club There will be a mectinli Thursday, June 11 with reorganization fuy this semester All old members and thina interested may attend Room 904 of the Union at 7 30 p m —PURMAN
Twenty-Six Fraternities Send Representatives
pipe line out the window—0PM, SPAB, and WPB • Ickes vs. Nelson
Letter To Editor
Sixty fraternity officers fiom seven states, lepresenting 26 national Greek-letter organizations at eight colleges, registered today for the thud annual three-day tiaining couise, offeied by the University. Securing, training, and initiating manpower was the general topic discussed Friday by Lt Stewart Howe of the U S N R , Donald M DuShane, Lawrence College dean of students , W N Rider, president of the University Interfraternity Presidents’ Council, Dr J. Holmes Mai tin, head of the
, ,, , , Eighty thousand Americans want University’s poultry depart- wai by submitting then ment, and Fred H. Turner, inventions to the Government dean of men at the University Some aie death lays, some are am of Illinois phibian tanks, some are schemes to Yesterday morning t h e _ _ of the plans aie submitted by ecgioup discussed the conseiv- centucs, some by such famous fig ing of manpower through fi- mes as Rex Beach, Upton Sinclair, nancial management and in the aft and Hedy Lamair
ernoon scholaiship and activities were featured on the piogiam Di E L Butz agiicultural econ omist who IS diiectoi of the tiain ing school, reported that the fol
They all find then way to a few small looms on the fiist flooi of the giant Department of Commerce building in Washington, wheie the Inventois Council tries, without
lo'fting schools weie 1 epresented 45 success, to keep up with the in
fiom Puidue five fion Michigan ventors
State, Lawrence College Appleton Wis , five Univeisitv of Kentucky, one, DePauw Uiiiveisity one, Ohio University at Athens, O one, Iowa State College, one, and the Univer sity of Chicago one The sessions will end this morn ing with a discussion on conserving frateinities Conti ollei R B Stew ait of Puidue will be the principal speakei at the closing banquet this noon He will speak on “The College Fraternity Assumes Adult Respon sibility ’
There is a fundamental difference between these two men not gen eially undeistood Nelson assumes that Ickes wants the pipe line in 01 del to bring back pleasure diiv iirg He said the big line is out un less you consider gasoline for pleas uie driving to be more essential than ships and guns Nelson sees it as a choice between steel for a non essential pipe line and steel for ships and guns But Ickes maintains the pipe line is necessary to supply even the minimum essential requirements for the East Coast— without a mile of pleasure driving A lot of people have come to realize that Ickes was not crying “Wolf, wolf” when he warned of a gasoline shortage last August He was ahead of the pack For a long time, official secrecy has hid from the public the fact that submarines have immobilized our tanker fleet But now this has been definitely revealed And Ickes estimated that the East’s essential gasoline requirements cannot be met by railroads alone So the big pipe line is not dead yet
To the Sailors Purdue coeds have at last had a thrill"—thanks to our visiting sail 01 s—You have used the usual chitchat fiom the Puidue Eds—to the effect that—a man jqst doesn’t have a chance for a date at Puidue ’—so why try’ So they don’t and Purdue coeds have been spending a surprising amount of hours hem ming hankies—and we do mean sitting—you hear about the Puidue woman from their brainy engineers —they all have piano legs—see our f g’s, which until now was prob ably an accepted fact—considering the usual criterion—one attempt to get a date—one failure—and Pur due Eds decided there are no queens here—but queens there aie and it took our visiting sailors to show how much—a man can appreciate them—it seemed impossible to the coeds that they could meet a boy with a peisonality—but yes—looks —and appreciation — yes after showing us a wonderful time, they actually thanked us—too—thanked us'—Sailors we thank you for the time of our life—' Prom the Puidue Coeds
Freshman Camp Counselers Anyone interested In acting as a counselor at the August freshman camp should call or get in touch with Dr Graves (81642) Schalhol (65052) or Singer (8412) u-SINGER
Roger Williams Club Trip to the Jewish Synagogue has been called off until ^xt fall Meet at 4 p m at the church Sui^ay June 7 for picnic at Meeks —SCHALLIOL
Military Juniors Report to Supply RooiA on Thursday June 11 or Friday June 12 to be measured ^r Cadet offeer s uniform* A representative of the uniform company will be in the supply room on June 11 and June 12 only —LT BROWN
Newman Club All members of Newman Club interested in a mixed doubles tennis tournament should call 2413 find notify Charlie Clark —LANUTI
Christian Science Organization Regular meeting at 7 30 pm Tuesday June 9 in room 303 of the Union —LOCKWOOD
AIME There will be a talk on Aluminum* Manganese Bronaes Thursday June 18 8 p m Room 263—Union —SGHALLIOL
Gold Peppers Picnic with Reamers is postponed to Sunday June 21 —SIMONS
Condition Examinations in English Examinations for the removal of conditions in English will be held on Saturday afternoon June 13 from 1 to 4 m room 201 Univer sity Hall Removal of Condition cards may be obtained at the English Office in Uni versity Hall —CREEK
Alpha Phi Omega Official pledging to be held promptly at 7 30 p m Tuesday June 9 in room 303 of the Union All actives be present —WILBUR
Reamers There will be an important meeting Monday June 8 at 7 16 p m in room 304 of the Union ■—KNOTE
Archery Archery for all men students will be held every Monday Wednesday and Friday from 4 to 6 30 p m at the archery range adjacent to the Women s tennis courts Equipment and instruction will be available without charge at the range —FREYMAN
Chemical Engineers All interested in working on the Alumni Directors of A 1 Ch E meet at 4 30 Wednesday June 10 in Study room Chemical Engineering Build jng —LOVELL
Alpha Phi Omega All interested in work ing at camporee on June 12 13 call Wilbur phone 802) before Tuesday June 9 —WILBUR
Condition Exams In English Exams for removal of C b m Englisl^ will be held Sat June 13 from 1 to 4 p m in room 201 Uni veisity Hall Removal of C cards may be obtained in the English Office in University Hall —CREEK
Union Committees Will the following please be present in the indicated rooms at 4 15 Monday June 8 Personnel committee. Hiller Gee Clearwater Huber Clark Ditt* man Diiscoll Watkins Hillard room 804* Publicity committee Frier Katerjohn» Blakely Slater Yuick Schutt Dvorak Cofflng Smith Fifer room 212 Puttering Shops Kiester CoUister Collins Dillioa* Lloyd Wilson Cohen Moy Lawson office. Recreation Nelson Hutchins Blade Sha* piro Woodward Pierce Noelting Wright^ Stallings Tim room 305 Camera and Clubs committee Purman Beyer Martin Guth-* rie Santini Woolig Bush Flanagan office Defense Committee Chapman Sieglef^ Teeter Ellifrif Stallings Bob Levin* Gluck Pingry room 302 Music Room Committee MacDonald Gannon Loort Caldarelli Fountaine Pagliarulo Senur officer —CRAIG
Union Personnel Committee There will be a meeting of the personnel committee Monday June 8 at 4 If p m in room 804 of the Union —HUBER
Students Those desiring to fire in the second Novice Pistol Group which starts Tuesday June lb may sign up in the sup ply room now —LT BROWN
Phi Lambda Upsilon Keys have arrived New members may get same by calling at Alpha Chi Rho bouse —ADAMS
Pi Tau Sigma April mitiateh Membei ship certificates now available at mam of fice of the ME building —KINNEY
Reservists All male students who have not yet completed the two years basic mil itary Training required for graduation and are now membeis of the Naval or Marine Corps Reserve report to the Adjutant s of fice Purdue Armoiy for important infor motion relative to your status —RIORDAN
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Adding Machines all nakea sold rented repaired and purchased Mimeograph work done C J Ebershoff, 605 Main. Lafayette Phone 2779
Merry-Go-Round...
(Continued from page 1) French army authorities in the un
occupied zone
5 Another majoi French indus
There are only ten people to handle all the letters, whether from Rube Melton, Phillies pitcher, from Elden Anker of the St Louis Browns, or from Hollywood star Victor McLaglen The aver age mail brings 1 000 letleis a day, and the peak, one day shortly after Pearl Harbor, was 2,471 In addition, about 20 inventors call in person every day Obviously, mobU of this pioduct IS chaff, but there is enough wheat to make a good ciop Inventois Council boasts of developing such things as Rogei Hofheins’ amphibian cai, otheiwise known as the Sea Jeep, which can tiavel at 70 miles an houi on the highway, or can cioss Lake Eiie It was hi ought to the Council
“illlllllllllllllllillllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllltllllllllllllk
SCOUTIWi; THE SHOPS
with Judy McCulIouqh
nlllllllillllllilllllllilllliilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllillllllllllllllllllillllllllillillln
THAT IMPORTANT MAN IN YOUR LIFE . . . descives some leal consid^iation on his day of all days, which hy the way is hut two shoit weeks in the offing Yes, lathers Day— June 21, and Geisltrs aie quite piepared for the occasion with something special for eveiy dad Why not stop in and make youi gift selection fiom the an ay of gay colored Beau Biuminel ties, Manhattan, Enio and Biookshiie shuts, Dobbs and Lee gift hats, light weight pajamas and Hickok jewehy and sport belts'' He’ll undouhtely applaud youi choice, hut especially if yon buy with a though foi summer comfoit
try, automobile manufacturing, is ^ ^ model was built and devoted almost entiiely to contracts tested and now its actually in use
FOR MASCULINE PERFECTION
foi the ‘occupation authorities ” m the Army
Incidentally, more than half of France’s pre war motor vehicles numbernTg'2 300 000 were destioy
ed in 1940
• Circus Fan Rosevelt
Fianklin Roosevelt
not
Also the Council has developed Di Boris Keikman s milkweed floss Nature made the milk weed hut n Russian bom Chicago physi cian named Berkman discovered that the floss packed into what the only Navy calls a Mae West, would buoy
keeps hundreds of details of war up a sailor in the seas az well as
strategy in his head these days, but kapok With all souices of kapok
also he keeps up to date on a hun gone the Navy is buying fill the
died and one other facts about the milk weed floss which Beikman
f . ^ and a hearty vote of approval from that proud 'ila pater of yours just rrratch a distinctive Van Heusdi shut and a Wemhly Nor Last tu, and present with a sincere “for the best of Dads on Fathers Dry ’ Van Heusen djess shuts (Sanforized Shrunk) arc made in white and patterns with jiopular semi soft collars that promise lasting freshness Wembly Nor East tics aie one liundied pel cent wool with attractive rayon decorations, and are shown m palm beaeh jiatteins and eolois Yon 11 find them both in the nun’s department at Loch’s
life of the country which the avei age citizen does not usually know Discussing circus problems with John and Henry North, own ers ot Ringling Brothers, Roosevelt asked how they were affected bj wartime railroad transportation Then, before they could answer, he added “Of course jou have your own equipment and all you need to do is hire an engine ” In othei words, the chief rail road problem today is cais and if
can poisuade Dakota faiineis to plant Note What the Inventois Coun cil needs is a larger staff to sort out the wheat from the chafi • Ickes' Pipe Line Harold Ickes may not be the most popular, but he rs certarnly the most prophetic member of the Cab met Everything that he predicted about the oil shortage—including the need for the big line —is com ing tiiie It was nearly two years ago,
PREVIEWS OF COMING ATTRACTIONS . .
coming tomoiiow jii iact—Southworth’s center window displav, stalling Dad’s Day gift suggestions with d \ iiietv ot f,ifts and a wide range of prices' If join Dad’'- i smoker then why not give him i new pipe or a handy tobacco kit or even some tobacco—you can make your selection from eighty seven dilfeient kinds If he travels, or is an army or n ivy man appioiiriate leather goods from the downstairs gift store will please and delight him Then there’s always one item that everybody’s <lad can use and will appreciate, and that s a St hick or Rtmin,,lon Rand electric razor If you’ie at a loss at what to give, ponder no more, just let Southiiorth’s suggest
you have youi own cars it is not July 20, 1940 that Ickes reported difficult to get an engine to haul to the President recommending con them struction of a big pipe line from Roosevelt also congratulated the the east Texas oil fields to the New Noith brothers on doing such a York Philadelphia aiea, in case
THERE ARE ANY NUMBER OF ITEMS
swell job in spite of the war • Draftee Sailors Navy bigwigs have decided that voluntaiy enlistments aie not suf ficient to meet the Navy s lapidly glowing manpowei needs, so by Septembei at the latest Selective Service will be tapped for new sail
ors
Gobs will be diawn from the draft lists just as soldieis aie now The Navy s manpowei pioblcm is
‘there should be interruption oi tanker service as the result of an emergency ’ Ickes proposed a pipe line big ger than any ever built — 24 inthes m diameter instead of the usual 8 or 10 inches, 1,310 miles long, capacitj, 350 000 bar rels a day 3 he cost, $80 000 000 rvas to be met by the industry, with not outlay from the U S 11 easury
that dads prize most highly yet usually sacrifice in favor of a new formal lor Sis or a new tux for lunioi —and tiust Lodde’s to show a complete line of jewcltv for men Smoking accessories are weh omed as a gift, especially if it is a Roiison cigaiette lighlei or case Eamouse Schaeffei oi Paikci fountain pen and perieil sets aie always good lor a happy Eatheis Day loo, as aie collai pins ki y chains, pocket knives, and hillledds Why not icmcmhoi Pop with one of these non-cssenlial-hnt mneh wanted gilt sUp,geslions’
, ^ , Ickes ioiosaw this need neaily becoming serious On h.siecent tup ^efoie we got into the
to the West Coast Secieta.y Knox But the pioposal was rejected said the Navy soon would need j.^es bided h.s time, piesented it
1,000,000 men But even with thiee ocean wai on its hands the Navy’s statutoiy strength still is
only 600,000 mtn
again Again it was rejected Again it was piesented To date eveiy agency that has had anything to do with prioiities has kicked Ickes’
AND IF HE’S A STRICTLY mSTRDMLISTAL DAD he’ll nndoulrtedly care loi The Foster Shop’s latest disc dialect —anyhow, it’s a eiiifh you’ll ^ like li' Aitie Shaw and his orcliestra have done a smooth l)il of two part reeoiding for VKtoi,and th( melavd IS St Janit s Infirmary Blues Part one Icalnies vocals liy “Hot Lips’ Page, while tlie second pait lioasts a linmpet solo liy the samey lad Onec yon hear P Dorsey and the lioys (es
pecially /iggy Uman and Chuch Peteison) licit out a sharp
You’ll like the other
a Voice Is Lallin
side ol this Vicloi record too—Somewhere
Honor Roll
(Continued from page 1) Burnside ML W R Caison ME D E Hail ML W G Koeinti ME, Martha J Tiost HE Fran ces B McPherson Se, T v B Novey, Sc, Mary h Odell, Sc, V L Allwardt, ME Beniors K A Eiischie Ag A E Snydei, Ag M C Jopchfl Ag J A Bock, ChE,W J Boms ( hL J M Codscy ChL, A L Haiban ChE, L Stahl, CL A Kusko, LL B J Linigcr, ML C A Nothinann ME, G r ropinka ME, C N Coates, PSE, R V Youkey PSE W V IiUsimmons THE H W Sharp, PE, J A I icilcin Sc Pa tncid I lint Sc, A Kailci Sc
Wear them with Pride.
CROWN CLEANED CLOTHES
because Crown cleaning is unexcelled for quality.
All Garments Cleaned by Crown Are Moth Proofed
DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD J RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 SchHitx Bldg 4i<i Md Main it L.f.y.tt.
Crown Laundry
Tdp of the Hill
Schedule of Debris Senior Picture Sittings
Pholographers from Dexheimer-Carlon Studios, Indianapolis, will be taking Debris pictures in Room 60 in the sub-basement of the Union Building, starting at 8:30 A. M., Monday, June 8. Every senior who has signed up with the Debris has a definite time and will be expected to appear at that time. Each senior will receive a card through the mail telling the exact time of the sitting. A minimum charge of $1.50 is made for the regular Debris pictures and is payable at the time the picture is taken.
Time 8 30 8 c5 8 35 8 40 8 45 8 50 8 55 9 00 9 05 9 10 9 15 9 20 9 25 9 30 9 35 9 40 9 45 9 50 9 55 10 00 10 05 10 10 10 15 10 20 10 25 10 30 10 35 10 40 10 45 10 50 10 55 1 1 00 1 1 05 1110 11 15 1 1 20 1 1 25 1 1 30 1 1 35 1 1 40 1 1 45 1 1 50 1 1 55
Monday, June 8 Name Corbus G A Freeman S Freeman S Evans L L Carraro E S Barth E O Buffington R H Best D Easterday E E Brunnemer R W Brown R W Czenkusch E L Alamshah H R Allegfette J W Bump D R Bond W S Evens Ruth M Frushour G U Berhk L J Ballard C J Carlson A Davis S G Bussing P R Blair R H Ch tty R W Coers R ) Crim J E Crews L A Dickerson W N Graue P J H Scharf Edwin Brunside W K Armstrong C S Bertsch “^aty Cooper Nancy Ball R H Foster M H Cartmell R R Cettel J E Fulton R 0 Bradly W E Feik W R Buechele R j
Time 8 30 8 35 8 40 8 45 8 50 8 55 9 00 9 05 9 10 9 15 9 20 9 25 9 30 9 35 9 40 9 45 9 50 9 55 10 00 10 05 10 10 10 15 10 20 10 25 10 30 10 35 10 40 10 45 10 50 10 55 1 1 00 1 1 05 1 1 10 11 15 1 1 20 1 1 25 1 1 30 4 1 35 1 1 40 I 1 45 II 50 1 1 55
Tuesday, June 9
Name
Blakeman B A Fuller Margaret
Barta D D Arnold J R
Brou llette Marvimd Frankowsky Elsa
Chum A G
Caputo R M Hopping F L Comus N L Carson W R Breytogle P L Deardorff R H
Fadale L J
Hughes ] C
Graff H 0
Arnold H Jane Horstman H P
Diehl E J
Biringer M j
Dodge E H
Bixler G L ——
Dodds J F
Brandau F L K Igore H H
Knue ] E
Bramley H F Martin jul a
Korte W L
Harlacher W H Brown G W Fryback B M Farley Wirt jr Burandt R j
Bach J H Arkin A E Deiser E E
Bartholomai C Bartling L E
Cain C R
Carbaugh K F Dalton D R
Wednesday, June 10
Time
W
8 30 8 35 8 40 8 45 8 50 8 55 9 00 9 05 9 10 9 15 9 20 9 25 9 30 9 35 9 40 9 45 9 50 9 55 10 00 10 05 10 10 10 15 10 20 10 25 10 30 10 35 10 40 10 45 10 50 10 55 1 1 00 1 I 05 1110 1115 1 I 20 I 1 25“ 11 30 II 35 1 1 40 I 1 45 I 1 50 II 55
|4ame Dauld Mary Ellen Doup C N Gesell S G Smith E R Novey T Van Gorkon Jane Fredrichson C J Ball K C Hastings J R Wolf F E Weichal R R Wilber D E Thompson Juanita Murrill R T Malcolm R L Jones F I Katz S Harris B Brown Betty C Deuster R W McCaughey W F Hershberger R R Harden R H Kemper Dorothy M McCaslin D A Meyers M L Kleis C E Moffet D V Lew s Betty Graham T Haynes Jeannette Hernandez E Creditor M C Kuhiman W H Laddon M B Gerke R P Moore C L G)emre K K Hendricks H E Helton Mrs R H Gosset R K Koerner W G
1 00 1 05 1 10 1 15 1 20 1 25 1 30 1 35 1 40 1 45 1 50 1 55 2 00 2 05 2 10 2 15 2 20 2 25 2 30 2 35 2 40 2 45
50 55 00 05 10 15 20 25 30 35 40 45 30 55 00 4 05 4 10 4 15 4 20 4 25 4 30
Fantone M Dull E J Lanuti F L Compton J L Coleman K Cra g Roberta N Blatt B Dav dow E P Felix K G Carr R F Craft J B Eicher J H Eastes D Croll Florence Alther Alice M Clark F C Chinworth H E Depuy R E Bennett R M Barnhart) Mary Ruth Bogher R E Bennett G H Ayers Dorothy Abbott R E Esden R M Burkholder J A Angermeier R U Hardesty J R Boynton J C Fulmer H D Benson Dorothy Frost D A Carson A E Chatfield A Faustich Mary L Adam Hazel E Ainsworth Jem Burwell H Donnelly C L Brick R Broecker J H Ancker J P Clements L C
1 00 1 05 1 10 I 15 I 20 1 25 I 30 1 35 1 40 I 50 1 55 2 00 2 05 2 10 2 15 2 20 2 25 2 30 2 35 2 40 2 45
50 55 00 05 10 15 20 25 30 35 40 45 50 55 00 4 05 4 10 4 15 4 20 4 25 4 30
Deucker ) F Edwards Mirdelle DiessI n H G Duffy G J Cl ngenpeel W R Burrin N E Espenlaub llene Brophy D F Armstrong J H Fee B B Bunner R W Beiser F R Bower D V Evans R E Boyndon Mary K Cole R L Bollman Marjorie Buckman Jeanne Foster M L Day M R Bihler M E Bunlam Marjie Myers N E Hobbs 1 Clausen W H Billingsly J B Mueller J F W Mesta J Lantz Anna M Hague Dorothy E Darrow J A Knote C E Manley C G Kottemann R F Stall C W Fee R L Brown C S Elliott J W Barson Virginia Cpple Anne Weekly M E Clark R E
1 00 1 05 1 10 1 15 I 20 1 25 1 30 I 35 1 40 1 45 1 50 1 55 2 00 2 05
L A
K
10
20 25 30 35 2 40 2 45 2 50 2 5j 3 00
05 10 15 20 25 30 35 40 45 50 55 00 4 05 4 10 4 15 4 20 4 25 4 30
Bradfield K W Clifton Barbara
Bruch J
Baker K L Matuszewski Fisl er K W Flackbest A Eddy W M Bernhardt G
Fink E J
Corya S G Brown Marjorie Crowl B W Cheung L T Fortier M J Lewierki E M Johnson E W
Katz A
Coombs J M Christiansen C R Mulvey R K Ke linan R E McCouch Jane Glich Martha Ann* Hatfield N McLoughlin P P Lan us J C High R S Klehfoth W G Humma H H Johnstone E L Mills Mary E Head R E Geyer Elaine j Haskins D E McCarty J Kessler Roberta Bohike E A Farnsworth F A Hinderer R F Meier D W Mogavero J C Koch H V
0Bbjdi.
V
»1*