t K.
i% r ^
Purdue 7, Wildcats 14
• 1
th
e
P u
r (
due
\
E >
on
LG n
t
VOLUME 49 Lafayette, Indiana Sunday, Oct. 17, 1937 NUMBER 30
The Week’s NEWS
Washington Speaking from the Oval room of the White House (his study) Tues-* day night, President Roosevelt definitely called a special session of Congress for November 15. Seated before a battery of microphones and surrounded by photographers, he took 35 minutes to outline his fivepoint legislative program designed to help agriculture, industry, and labor produce “a balanced abundance without waste.” Placing special emphasis on legislation similar to AAA and NRA, the President hinted the possibility of Supreme Court reverses, now that a Roosevelt appointed man sits on the bench. Chairman O’Connor of the house rules committee formulated plans Thursday to release his committee’s stranglehold on the wage-hour bill. Last session its passage was blocked by the house when southern Democrats joined forces with Republicans to prohibit making of special rules to allow its passage. Belgium’s invitation for the ninepower anti-war conference to come to Brussels adds certainty to the belief Roosevelt’s “mediation” conference will be held the last of this month. The person who is to represent the United States, assuming leadership in the newly enacted Roosevelt foreign policy, is yet to be decided. Most likely prospects are Ambassador at Large Norman Davis and William C. Bullitt, ambassador to France. With the crisfs of a special session, and an utterly new foreign policy in mid-air. Chief Justice Hughes ruled Monday that the two lawyers attacking the legality of Black’s Supreme Court appointment lacked direct interest, thus legally rejecting ousting challenges and, incidentally, relieving one of the President’s political headaches. That is, it was soothed until the next day when Justice Black was assigned the case involving seizure of private telegrams by a certain senate investigation committee. Black was chairman of that committee. Now eagerly awaiting Monday’s court session are many lawyers who insist that Black must not sit ip on the case if he is to retain his court position legally. National Federal agents Tuesday lopped three uames from the top of their public enemy list. Wild-West style gun play in Bangor, Me., spelled death for Indiana gangleader-slayer A1 Brady and his chief lieutenant, Clarence Lee Shaffer. Brady died clasping the service revolver of one of his gang’s "victims —Indiana Policeman Paul Minne-
man.
As the week ended two Indiana counties—Marion and White—and the federal government were asking the right to prosecute Dalhoyer on several murder charges. Pinal decision on the court location must come from U. S. government authorities. Rescue crews battled heroically through smoke and flames to bring out blackened and mutilated bodies of 32 men trapped and killed deep in a coal mine near Birmingham, Ala., early yesterday by coal gas explosiop. (Continued on page 4)
Co-eds Will Be Excused From Thursday Classes To Attend Discussion Groups With unanimous approval of the faculty executive committee, all co-eds attending any of the 17 discussion groups Thursday, "will be excused frdm classes, with the exception of one o’clocks. Student chairmen, student secretaries, and attendance clerks have been chosen from Gold Peppers, Alpha Lambda Delta, and other co-ed groups for the Second Conference on Women’s Work and Opportun-
ities.
YWCA t^ambership Campaign Officially Closes Tomorrow Dorothy Bryant, president of YW CA, announ'ces that the membership drive for YWCA closes officially tomorrow. There will be opportunity, to join from 4:00 to 5:30 tomorrow at the YWCA office. YWCA workers are divided into groups which meet on different afternoons of the week for dis'cussions. This gives girls a chance to paVticipate in more than one group. The literature group, led by Mary Alice Learning, re'views books and reads plays' in concert. Discussions on religion and philosophy are lead by Dorothy Coan in her group. Music Program To Include Piano Duet A program of modern and classical numbers will be presented Igr Dr. and Mrs. G. H. Graves in the Music Room of the Memorial Union Building Ifeday at 4 p. m., as a feature of the fourth Sunday afternoon concert. Thd" “Prelude” and “Frigue in D Minor” by Axel Raoul Wachtmeister, the “Sonata in G” by Mozart, a composition for two pianos by Grieg, “Variation on an Original Theme” by Theodore Kiychner, and “Sarabande” and “Finale” by Josef Rheinberger will make up the pro-
gram.
Dr. and Mrs. Graves have performed several times at concerts in the Music IJbom, and for the University Club.
Punch Class Excuses Attendance clerks -will punch and pass out cards to those present at the discussion groups, which may be given to instructors as excuses from classes. There will be a meeting of the attendance clerks, student chairmen, and student secretaries Monday at 4 o’clock in room F of the Memorial Union Building. Attendar^e clerks are: Rosemary (Continued on page 3) Former Faculty Member Dies In San Francisco Mrs. A. W. Bitting, Dr. of Sci. ’35, and former faculty member, died Friday morning at her home in San Francisco, Cal. Nationally known as a scientist, her death ended a long career with her husband in the field of biochemistry. While a student in the University Mrs. Bitting was editor of the Debris, and otherwise active in campus activities. A native of Lawrenceville, Mass., Mrs. Bitting, formerly Katherine Golden, is a sister of Prof. Michael Golden, for whom the Michael Golden shops are named. Plan Dinner In Honor Of Kafhryn McHale Members of the junior branch of the American Association of University Women, will be guests of Mrs. R. B. Stewart Wednesday evening at a supper. The occasion is in honor of Dr. Kathryn McHale, director of the association, and also a member of the University board of trustees.
West Lafayette Baptist: Roger Williams Club Sunday school class will meet at 9:30 a. m. Rev. Joseph B. Gleason will preach on “Speaking For God,” during the regular church worship program be-
ginning at 10:35 a. m.
A social hour is planned for 5:30 p. m., followed by a ten cent lunch at 6:10. At 6:30 Rev. Dr. Carrol, colored Baptist preacher, will speak on “The Achievements of the Negro Race.” Dr. Carrol will again speak *t 7:30 on “My Personal Experi-
ence.”
West Lafayette Methodist: University co-eds will attend annual fall breakfast at 8 a. to. Mrs. C. R. Keisling, of Kakomo, missionary in the Soutii, will speak on
home missionary work.
Sunday school classes will meet at 9:30 with Rev. B. R. McFadden in charge. Prof. C. D. W. Hildebrand, De Paul psychology professor, will direct the worship service
which begins at 10:40 a. m.
Evening fellowship supper is scheduled for 5 p. m.„ and the Epworth League ’vvill meet at 6:30 Prof. G. H. Graves will talk on “Non-Violence” as it applies to the
Sino-Japanese situation. Lafayette Bible Church:
Sunday school begins at 9:^0 a. m. Rev. Edgar Ainslee will preach the morning sermon, “The Return From Calvary,” at 10:30. There will be a Yopng People’s Meeting at 6:30, and an Evangelistic service at 7:30, on the subject, “The Crisis in China, and How Will America
Act?” ^ Central Presbyterian:
Prof. G. H. Graves will teach the Sunday school classes which start i^'at 9:30 a. m. Dr. W. R. Graham will preach at 10:45 on the subject, “The
Inner Life of the Church.”
The Sunday Evening Club will serve a 15 cent supper at 6 p. m., followed by an address by Prof. W. E. Howland on “Ci'vil Engineering
and Ethics.”
Unexpected Breaks Result In Defeat For Fighting Boilermaker Grid Squad
1
35^000 Spectators See Game-Deciding Incidents In Last Minutes When Elwardmen Miss Score By Foot By Dick Obenchain '
Sports Editor
DYCHE STADIUM, EVANSTON, ILL., Oct. 16. — Unexpected breaks and thrill-a-ibinute football kept 35,000 spectators on their feet this afternoon as Purdue’s gridiron squad suffered disheartening defeat at the hands of Northwestern’s Wildcats—14 to 7. Although they outplayed Northwestern the first half and held their own the second half, the Boilermakers were the victims of several decisive
breaks which turned the favor of Dame Fortune to the Wildcats.
The game-deciding break came in the last ten minutes, after the Boilermakers had marched 80 yards down the field only to be halted, on the one foot line. After the punt back to midfield, Vanzo intercepted Cec Isbell’s pass and ran from his own
45 to the Purdue 15 where he fumbled as he was tackled. After a wild scramble Northwestern came up with the ball over the
goal.
Isbell, Brock Highlights Of Attack Cec Isbell’s passing and Lou Brock’s running were the highlights of the Boilermakers’ attack, while Captain Marty Schreyer shone in defensive playing as a roving lineman.. The tight Wildcat pass defense won the game for the Evanston
lads.
STARTING LINEUP Purdue Northwestern Britt, L. E Kovatch Schreyer (C) L. T Cutlich Bykowski L. G Guritz Humphrey C Wegner Grant R. G Calvano Woltman R. T Voigts Zachary R. E Diehl Hennis Q. B Vanzo Cecil Isbell L. H (C) Heap Brock R. H Jefferson Juska F. B Ryan Officials: Referee, Fred Gardner (Cornell); umpire, Frank Birch (Earlham); field judge, Meyer Morton (Michigan); head linesman, Joy Wyatt (Missouri).
First Quarter Purdue wins toss, Woltman kicks to Northwestern 20. Jefferson returns to his 41 yard line. Jefferson makes a yard through-right tackle, passes to Heap but Brock breaks up play. Heap makes a yard over the left side of the line. Jefferson punts to Isbell who returns to Purdue’s 30. Brock makes a yard through center. Hennis repeats and makes six yards. Isbell makes first do'wn on Purdue’s 40. Cec recovers his own fumble after one yard loss. He takes two yards through tackle. ' Isbell kicks to Heap who returns to own 26 yard line, Britt and Brock making tackle. Jefferson makes three yards on a reverse. Ryan fails to gain at guard. Jefferson collects one yard at center. Jefferson punts out of bounds on Purdue’s 30 yard stripe. Juska picks up a yard at center, Isbell makes two on end run. Juska goes through guard for four yards. Isbell To Heap Isbell kicks to Heap who .returns to the Wildcat’s 28. Juska stops Heap at the line of scrimmage. Heap makes a yard at center. Ryan picks up three yards at tackle and is stopped by Zachary. Jefferson punts out of bounds on the Boilermakers’ 30 yard marker. Isbell fails to gain at center. He goes through tackle for three yards. Juska'makes six yards on a reverse. First and ten on Purdue’s 42. Isbell gains 15 yards on a fake pass. Ball on the Wildcats’ 43. Brock makes one yard at tackle; is stopped by Voigts. Isbell fails to gain at right guard. Gee’s pass to Zachary is incomplete. Isbell kicks out of bounds on the Wildcats’ 15 yard stripe. Ryan fails to gain at center. Jefferson picks up three yards at center. Quarter ends. Score: Purdue 0, Northwestern 0. Second Quarter Cody Isbell replaces Hennis at quarter. Swisher quick kicks to midfield. Juska makes three yards at center. Brock gains four yards pn a (Continued on page 3) Hoosiers Gain Victory Over Illinois Indiana University gained its first Big Ten victory by defeating the University of Illinois yesterday, 13-6, before a crowd of 17,000 fans, at Bloomington. The Hoosiers gained theirx first touchdown on a pass from Fowler to Filbhock on the ten yard line. Illinois made their only marker in the second quarter when they recovered a fumble on the Indiana 23, and Burris went over. Pitt BattFas Fordham To Scoreless Tie Pittsburgh’s Rpse Bowl chantpions and Fordham fought to a scoreless tie yesterday before a capacity crowd of 53,000 persons at the Polo Grounds in New York City. Pitt played with her usual grimness, but used a wider variety of players in an effort to smash through the Rapis.
Boilermakers Lose 'B' Team Battle To V ■ ',32-13
Leading the Fighting Irish “B” team until the final quarter, the Boilermaker “B” squad finally lost to Notre Dame at South Bend yesterday, 32-13. The Purdue “B” team weakened and allowed the Notre Dame eleven to outplay them in the final quarter scoring 20 points. The score at the end of the third quarter was Purdue 13, Notre Dame 12.
Columbia 26, Pennsylvania 6. Minnesota 39, Michigan 6. Carnegie Tech 9, Notre Dame 7. Navy 0, Harvard 0. Yale 15, Army 7. Holy Cross 7, Georgia 6. Wisconsin 6, Iowa 6. Princeton 16, Chicago 7. Syracuse 14, Cornell 6. Alabama 14, Tennessee 7. Nebraska 0, Oklahoma 0. Kansas 13, Iowa State 0. Dartmouth 41, Brown 0. Tulane 7, Colgate 6. Pennsylvania 6, Columbia 26. Michigan State 2, Missouri 0. Duke 20, Georgia Tech 19. Tartan Field Goal Defeats Irish 9-7 A field goal booted from Notre Dame’s 16 yard line, late in the third period byJKopesak of Carnegie Tech, gave the Tartans a 9 to 7 victory over the Irish, at Pittsburgh yesterday. Nearly 40,000 shouting spectators viewed the game. Carnegie drew first blood in the' opening of the second quarter with a 59-yard pass to the one yard line, from which Napotnik went over for a toqch<iown. Notre Dame follQwed with a touchdown and extra point to go into the lead by one point. With the game standing 7 to 6 in favor of the Irish, Tech pulled their winning play of the day, making good a 16-yard place kick to give them the needed margin.
Course Cancellations Students who wish to cancel assignments without grade should do so before Saturday noon,’ Oct. 30th. Cancellation cards may be obtained from heads of departments. These cards must be signed by the head of the school and, if possible, by the head of the department in which the subject is given. The cards should then be filed in the Registrar’s office. Assignments may be cancelled without grade after October 30th if properly approved^ by the department concerned and by the Dean of Men. M, i. Fisher Dean of Men. „I
I
I*'®!"
la^iigsawtgagwKBai^
<fiiiiiliwii»i(tiWwyiB>ifi(iiii^^
'srr
V
M
THE PDBDOE EXPONENT
Sunday# October 17# 1937
the Purdue Exponent
Founded in 1889
i^llgj9tate l^rgsg
RBPR6SfiNTEL> National Advertising Service, College Pill Ushers KepresentaUve 420 Madison Ave New York N Y CHICAGO BOSTON LOS ANCEI.E3 SAW FbaHCISCO
Editorial Phone 603 Campus Subscriptions $3 per year
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street Lafayette Indiana
Business Phone 6038 Mail Subscriptions $3 50 per year
EDITOR IN CHIEF
R P Mam on
BUSINESS MANAGER
D C Miller
NIGHT EDITOR
Stanback
October 17, 1937
ISSUE EDITOR
Kroephn
Letters to the Editor
Dear Editoi Here’s a sample of many communications we have received in connection with the Varsity Show. E. B. Baugh, Executive Secfetaiy, Puidue Alumni Association, Inc
October 11, 1937 Mr E B Baugh Alumni Secietary Purdue University Lafayette, Indiana Dear Baugh , Your card stating that Friday night, Octobei 8th, was Purdue University night on Pontiac’s Famous Varsity Show, i cached my desk just in time so that I could tune in and be spell bound for half an hour last Fiiday night It was wonderful, and to those of us who aie quite a distance removed from the campus, both in time and space it was a leal thiill to see what the boys and giils can do on such an occasion It was a good show thioughout, as good as any pi of essional could have put on and better than most of them I hope I am not too biased m my likes Senv 1 c uid not attena tic big Homecoming game on the 9th but I am glad that Purdue beat Carnegie Tech, 7 0 With best wishes foi old Puidue, Sincerely youis, C J Huber, 08
October 11, 1937 Pontiac Motor Division Pontiac, Michigan Gentlemen Since becoming a member of the big family of Pontiac users I have been following closely your various activities. One of these that I have been particularly interested in and from which I derive a great deal of pleasure has been your Varsity Shows, given on Friday nights It has been indeed very interesting to see the great amount of talent that has developed in our universities Last Friday night I sat with my family in my home in Ridgewood New Jersey, spell bound at the show that was put on that night by Purdue University, my old Alma Mater It was a most delightful half hour of song, music and shoit skits, to say nothing of the won deiful march that was played by the Puidue Band under the leadei ship of one of my old classmates, Paul Emrick We aie stiong foi all your Varsity Shows but feel none was bettei than the one you presented last Friday night Very truly yours, C J. Huber, Director of Laboi atones United States Testing Co
October 11, 1937 Ml E B Baugh Alumni Secretary Purdue University Lafayette, Indiana Dear Mr Baugh After listening to the fine broadcast from the Memorial Gymnasium last Friday mght, I want you to know that we greatly appi e c^ate your assistance in making it such a success. Every comment we have received, indicates that it not only pleased the Purdue Alumni in the various parts of the country, but that it was well received by the radio audience at large The success of such a program naturally is dependent on the cooperation received from the univeisity authorities concerned, as it presents many difficulties which are not ordinarily encountered in a regular studio broadcast I have been told how continually you worked with our representatives while they were in Dafayette, and for that I am deeply grate ful Very truly yours, H J Klinger
By Mary Cooley Students dancing to swing music —1200 of them—geneiate enough heat to warm a two stoiy house for two days in ordinal y wintei weather Enough energy is leleased to laise a five ton elephant 32 miles in the air So sayeth an engineer at the University of Wisconsin ^ “Prim” was the word foi Betty Co ed back in the 1890 s—at least the masculine element ot the Uni versity ol Texas thought her so Young women so bold as even to attend a co educational school weie held under these legulations (1) It was exliemely impioper to be seen walking on an altei noon in the paik with a masculine fellow student (2) The height in refined entertainment consisted in getting to gether a few guitars and mandolins, some members ol the girls’ glee club, a few (very few) sterling young men, plepty of chaperones in eluding the dean of women, charter-
ing a boat and going for an after noon cruise up the river And it meant home by sunset’ (3) Girls who were invited to eat at the “ladies’ table” in the men’s dining hall were accompanied by the dean of women (4) Young men and women were kept apart except on a few gala oc easions, Avhen the chaperones took then duties seriously ^ V V Subsidizing of college athletes has been for some time a subject of controversy among supporters of and followers of collegiate athletics But the practice is certainly not limited to this field In a deteimined ettoit to produce the best, other departments of our colleges are following the lead In a statement last spring, Diiectoi A A Hai ding of Illinois said, “It IS becoming increasingly difficult to maintain the standards of the Uni versity of Illinois band because othei schools are enticing prospec tive musicians with scholarships ”
What, Where, When?
Ladies Must Speak First Ladies must speak first Sup posedly it is a protection for the weaker sex against infringement by the masculine element On this basis perhaps it is ridicu lous, but it’s the rule, and girls should follow it, if only to clarify the situation for the men Overlooking this suggestion will lead to your being thought conceited, and many young men wait only for this lead to return the moi ning greeting
University Calendar
—TODAY— Altrusa Club Breakfast in the faculty lounge of the Union Building, at 8 30 a m PIA Radio Rehearsal Room C of the Union Building at 2 p m Jewish Youth Meeting in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building at 3 p m Musical Program In the Music Room of the Union Building at 4pm —TOMORROW— Exeicutive Committee Meeting in the Executive Building at 2 p m Religious Council Meeting in room C of the Union Building at 4 p m Committee on State of the University Meeting m the faculty lounge of the Union Building at 4pm PIA Dance Class In the ballroom of the Union Building at 7 30 p m Dairy Department Meeting in room B of the Union Building at 7 p m Purdue Graduate Dames Card party in the faculty lounge of the Union Building at 8 p m Reamers’ Club Meeting in room F of the Union Building at 8 p m —TUESDAY— Cadet Officers’ Luncheon In the balhoom ol the Union Building at 12 noon Veterinary Short Course In the Veteiinary Building at 1 30 p m Purdue Women’s Club Meeting of history section in the faculty lounge of the Union Building at 2 30 p m Farm Managers Meeting in faculty lounge of the Union Building at 10 a m Farm Managers’ Luncheon: In reception room of the Union Build mg at 12 noon Christian Science Meeting in room B of the Union Building at 7 p m Pi Tau Sigma Meeting in room F of the Union Building at 7 p m Ceres Club Meeting in room B of the Union Building at 7 30 p m Forestry Club Meeting in room 109 of the Horticultural Building at 7 30 p m
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“To be or not to be”—or some such stuff—“That is the question ” Shall this colyum go shovehn, advisin, dirt dealin, and stuff—or shall we—Expound the merits of humor, poetry, and GOOD CLEAN FUN’ Your comments will guide us—^to some extent.
Speaking of good clean fun, have you ever drifted into the Alpha Chi house m the wee small hours ’ Fighting your way through struggling couples, littering the doorway, the hall, the living room, and the back steps eh, Frankie, you finally obtain a place in the, whimsically called, BUM ROOM—where it’s your tui n except for the fact that you can’t concentrate owing to various odd noise^, distractions, and the probability that you are sitting on another couple in the first place
Mrs Von Harz, mother of James L Von Harz—Delt vice prexy and general fairhaiied boy around and about—entertained all ’ittle Jimmy’s dear senior brothers at a little get together over the Chicago week end What a rat race that must have been!
“Darling, he said in tender tones, “I never loved but thee ” “Then we must part,” the Chi O said, “No amateurs for me” —swiped Paid Ad Will the little girl on the second floor of North WRH please cease smoking Dill’s Best in her
ARC
Sunday and Monday Special PURDUE ROTC and PURDUE BAND In Action Plus
DOUBLE FEATURE Regular Admission
tma-
TODAY-TOMORROW
o.^TLAST! AT -JS POPULAR ] PRICES! Nfeiro GoJdwTtt
STARTS TODAY
liiARS
‘Just drain the ice-box.
pipe and try Edgeworth Junior’ They advertise in the Exponent —National Advertising Manager
“ The stag at eve had drunk his fill” and thereafter was of no particular use to the stag line
Dick Craig at dawn had drunk his fill In the Blue Blazer, gill by gill And now with wobbly knee and wavering stance,
He was staggering back to the Sig Chi manse When a girl is beautiful—that IS ^ood. When a girl is good—that IS beautiful. When a girl is both good and beautiful—that is a shame. Some modern Poor Richard said “Everyone can write except morons,’ and they are the only ones that try This might be modernized still further “Everyone can write Bold anod Black, but only morons try ”
YOU CAN LEAD THEM TO but you CAN’T MAKE THEM THINK I Nof even in a K.p
Beauties! Culies! Singing! Stepping' Football that’s screwballl And hit tunes by Pollack and Mitchell that make life begin for you I
mmA
Davis'
MAKTIN
EDTHORGERSFiI^^! PENDLETON
TODAY
STARTS
Starts Today double; feature Relive Your Golden Memories of the screen’s immortal star’
. PLAT0iMBl.@K The AU-American Chump in His Greatest Laugh Riot! Ssmlllm Af Band and ROTC . i„ pjcturesSunday, Ocioiaer 17. 1937
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Play By Play Review Of Game At Northwestern
(Continued from page 1) xeverse. Boilernjakers penalized five yards for off sidtes. Broek makes 25 yards on a reverse. First, and ten on the Wildcat’s 26. Isbell picks up five yards, is stopped by Vanzo. Isbell passes to Zachary for a touchdown. Score: Purdue 6, Northwestern 0. Cec’s conversion is perfect. Score: Boilermakers 7, Wildcats 0. Cutlich kicks off to Cec Isbell who returns to the Gold and Black 25 yg,rd line. Juska fails to gain at left side of line. Brock gains three yards. Isbell punts to Swisher who returns to his own 45 yard line. Swisher makes four. Swisher Makes Fiirst Down Swisher makes first down on Purdue’s 45. Jefferson goes through tackle for a yard; Zachary makes tackle. Jefferson picks up five yards on a reverse. Swisher goes through center to the Boilermaker’s 25. Verplank goes in for Bykowski. Northwestern kicks to Purdue’s 17. Juska picks up a yard at tackle. Brock gains seven yards on a reverse. Juska makes first down on the Boilermaker’s 28. Isbell picks up 16 yards on an end run. Ball is on Purdue’s 44. Brock, makes nine yards through center, then loses three yards at right end. Juska fails to gain at guard. Cec punts to Swisher who
is tackled by Woltman on the Wildcat’s 18. Time out for Purdue. Krauke For Zachary Krause replaces Zachary. Heap makes two yards at center. Heap picks up a yard at tackle. Ryan gains 25 yards on a fake forward pass. Jefferson losses three yards at guard. Jefferson’s pass to Heap fails to gain. Heap gains three yards on a fake reverse.'Jefferson’s pass to Heap was good for 20 yards. Northwestern’s ball on Purdue’s 40. Time out for Purdue. Ryan’s pass to Heap is incomplete. Ryan’s pass is again incomplete. Ryan is thrown for a five yard loss by Krause. The half ends. Score: Purdue 7, Northwestern 0. . Third Quarter Northwestern kicks off to Juska who returns to Purdue’s 29. Isbell gains three yards through tackle, picks up another yard around end. Brock punts to Heap who fumbles on the Wildcat’s 34. Zachary recovers for the Boilermakers. Brock loses two yards at right tackle. Isbell’s pass to Zachary is incomplete. Isbell’s long pass is knocked down. Fourth and 12. Brock punts over the Wildcat goal line. Northwestern’s ball on 20. Heap gains two yards. Jefferson goes through center for one yard. Jefferson’s pass
Positions for Freshmen You are here for an education. That alone shows you are aggressive and trying "to get ahead." The EXPONENT needs aggressive and ambitious men and women on its advertising staff—eds and co-eds that ore willing to work. You need neither artistic nor sales ability. The EXPONENT will, however, help you develop both. Add to this a practical business training, and you have some of the more important direct results obtainable for you in what is a further education during your university career. Do more with your time at school; you'll find it pays big dividends after graduation. If you are interested in working, see Hensler at the EXPONENT office, 312 N. Fifth Street, Lafayette, after 3:00 P. M.
»the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
Bqokstores
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Pprdue Student
‘‘DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701 — Florist —- dioJth J-IoJUAt Inc. 635 Main St. in Luna Theatre Buildingr Phone 7955—8050
Hardware —
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN
Beauty Studio —
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • Co-ed Specials, Thurs. - Fri. KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727 — Furniture — Student Equipment J’juAnituAe 425 Columbia Bt. Phone 2728
is intercepted by Juska wh6 is downed on the Wildcats’ 39. Juska makes two yards on a spinner. Long Pass Incomplete Isbell goes around end for one yard but the Boilermakers are penalized for off sides. Isbell’s long pass is knocked down in the 'end zone. Brock makes a yard through center. Brock punts out of bounds on the Purple’s 18. Jefferson picks up three yards on a reverse. Heap gains two through center. Grant injures leg and Purdue takes time out. Heap’s pass to Jefferson is complete on the Wildcat’s 40 yard stripe. Jefferson fails to gain on a wide end run. Jefferson kicks out of bounds on the Gold and Black 17. Brock loses six yards on reverse. Isbell picks up two through center. Brock punts to Heath who returns to Boilermakers’ 34. Jefferson goes around end for touchdown. Score: Purdue 7, Northwestern 6. The Wildcats’ conversion is good. Score: Boilermakers 7, Wildcats 7. Brown replaces Brock. Northwestern kicks off to Isbell who returns 17 yards to Purdue’s 27. Isbell picks up 11 yards at center. Juska makes two yards at tackle. Isbell loses two at center. Cec’s long pass is intercepted by Jefferson who is downed by Petry on the Wildcats’ 40. Heap makes three yards at tackle. Heap goes through center for first down. Ryan picks up one yard at left tackle. Winchell and Cody Isbell replace Juska and Hennis. Heap’s pass to Jefferson loses a yard. Ryan’s pass to Jefferson is good for 11 years, first down, Purdue’s 28. Jefferson makes three at tackle. Heap hits tackle for two more. Heap fails, to gain at left guard. Third period ends. Score: Purdue 7, Northwestern 7. Fourth Quarter Purdue takes ball on downs on own 29. Winchell makes three through center, he picks up two more at the same place. Isbell makes seven yards and a first down on Boilermakers’ 39.' Isbell fails to-gain at center. Brown gains four yards through
tackle. Brock goes around end for 18 yards for first down on the Wildcats’ 34. Brock’s shovel pass to Krause is good for 18 .yards and a first down on the Northwestern 19 yard line. Isbell goes around end for 12 yards. Ball on the Wildcats’ seven yard marker. Isbell’s pass is knocked down by Ryan. Brock goes through tackle to the two yard line. Vanzo tackles Isbell on the one yard line. Cec goes over tackle but fails to score.Northwestern’s ball on their own one foot line. Jefferson punts to Isbell who returns to Wildcats’ 35. Brock loses eight ’ yards on a reverse. Isbell’s pass is intercepted by Vanzo who runs to Purdue’s 10 yard line where he fumbles. The ball rolls over the goal line where Cutlich recovers for a touchdown. Score: Northwestern 13, Purdue 7. Ryan’s kick is perfect. Score: Northwestern 14, Purdue 7. , Ryan kicks off to Isbell who returns to his own 30. Isbell loses seven yards on an attempted pass. Isbell’s long pass is knocked down by Heap. Isbell once again is tackled while attempting to pass. Isbell kicks to Jefferson who returns to Purdue’s 41 yUrd line. Heap picks up two yards at right tackle. Heap gains three at right end. Jefferson makes first down on Purdue’s 30 yard line. Ryan goes through line for five yards. Heap gains three at tackle. Ryan makes first and ten on the Boilermakers’ 18 yard line. Jefferson picks up three on a play around end. Heap fails to gain on a reverse. Bremer throws Heap for a three yard loss. Game ends. Final score: Northwestern 14, Purdue 7. Riding Club Makes Plans For Writing Of Charter At their second meeting Friday the Riding Club discussed the writing of a charter, a schedule of riding hours, and the rating of riders. Paul Schultze, riding academy proprietor, offered a low hourly rate to members, and showed his intei-est in the organization.
Badgers Smash Through Iowa 13-7 Scoring in the initial period, Wisconsin’s Badgers smashed their way to a 13 to 6 victory over the University of Iowa at Madison yesterday. A long pass, following a fumble by Eicherly of Iowa gave the Badgers their first touchdown. This was the only score until the final period when both teams scored.
The Tops
in
Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Lafayette
Ice Cream — Everybody’s Favorrte and now it comes to you richer, more delicious than ever before. For real taste thrills try thi^ purer, more delicious grade — high in health and flavor content — always creamy and fresh with distinctive fruit flavor — never priced higher than ordinary brands, but oh, so much better!
FAIRMAN BROS. ICE CREAM
WEST LAFAYETTE
Co-eds To Be Excused From Thursday Classes (Continued from page 1)
Ince, Charlotte Lochner, Janette Morris, Mary Prances McLaughlin, Margaret Crankshaw, Mary Beko, Shirley Yonover, Elinor Ward, Jeanne Horwitz, Kay Thrasher, Bonita House, Betty Masters, Katherine Mounce, Janet Gaylord, Dorothy Johnson, and Katherine Henderson. Student Chairmen Student chairmen are: Dorothy Bryant, Catherine Ann Cromer, Alice Parlon, Margaret Richey, Dorothy Coan, Mary Alice Masters, Mary Grace Mytinger, Jeanne Janousek, Lucile Dobson, Mary Ellen Delaphane, Jennie Bosco, Jean Small, Elizabeth Pyke, Cue Holden, Virginia Slocum, Mary Gene Jarrett, and Florence Hester.
Interfratemily Bowling Tourney To Start Tuesday Competition in the second annual Student Union interfraternity bowling tournament will begin with the first round of eliminations scheduled for Tuesday night in the Union alleys. To the winning team bf five men representing their fraternity will go a silver cup and five keys. A gold key is also offered to the highest scorer. Each man will bowl three lines during a period of play with two periods making up a day’s competition. Eight teams will bowl each Tuesday night, the first four bowling from 7 to 9, and the second group of four from 9 to 11. Fraternity athletic managers will be notified in advance regarding the date that their organization is scheduled to play.
C^ofy Fellows Grabbing Dates For Gold Diggers
By Yvonne Price Help! Nothing primeval has been planned for Gold Diggers’. No one wants to gallantly escort th^ fair ed to the dance on a white horse— where’s all the old heroism. Maybe some oddity will spring up from a deep dark corner. For the freshmen who are dubious about ways of transportation, several sophomores and upperclassmen have submitted helpful ideas. / Do We Walk? Louise Daniel agrees with yours truly that WALKING is the ideal way—^what’s wrong with.it?' After all, it does save money! Charlotte Foltz has decided to take her car. It will keep the long dresses from soiling; convenience fpr the dates doesn’t matter. One of the brightest ideas I’ve heard of in a long time involves making use of the boy-
If You Come to Lafayette, Try a Special Dinner at THE Nli CHINA 409 Columbia AMERICAN MENU 35c 11 A. M. to 2 P. M. CHOICE OF MEAT Baked Short Rib of Beef Fried Lake Trout Fried Calf Liver and Onion Roast Fresh Ham Mushroom Omelette Fried Scallops Roast Veal Soup, Two Vegetables, Salad, Rolls or Bread and Butter, Ice Cream, Sherbet or Pineapple, Coffee, Tea or Milk cludedCHINESE MENU 40c 11 A. M. to 2 P. M. CHOICE OF MEAT Chinese Chop Suey American Chop Suey Chop Suey Chow Mein EIxtra Fine Chop Suey Rice, Rolls or Bread and Butter, Egg Foo Young, Ice Cream, Sherbet, or Pineapple, Tea, Coffee or Milk Included. Also have your party at our private banquet dining room, or call 4966 for orders to take out.
friend’s car. Estella Dix thinks it’s a very good idea—if the boy-friend agrees (I wonder?). At least, it’s worth trying, girls. Whether they know it or not, the DU’s have the old Dodge borrowed for the evening —is it ritzy ? Boys, Don’t Be Morons! For several years, it has been customary for the co-eds to take their dates to diriner/ before the dance. Anything goes—hamburgers, minus the onions—or fried chicken. Use fingers, silverware, or chopsticks. Cathcart To Play Remember last year ? Remember the smooth rhythms of Jimmy Cathcart? Just to revive old memories, Cathcart’s orchestra has been. reengaged for this year. Memories!
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
WOOD FOR SALE—Furnace and fireplace. Call Ed Morgan. Phone 71249.
Wanted—Student t® share spacious double room. Purdue Housing Campus, Phone 41284.
Many responsible manufacturers are seeking new lines of products to supplement their present line of productions. We ai’e interested in receiving suggestions. Have you an article to offer ? In your reply state clearly the nature and purpose of your article, material used, has the article been patented or is it patentable, what investigations have you made for the purpose of proving the economical necessity for the article you have to offer ? If we are interested in the article you have to offer, we will communicate with you; oth'erwise no reply wiU be made to your letter. Address: Wisconsin Manufacturers’ Association, First Central Bldg., Madison, Wisconsin.
Madcap Ritz Brothers
The RITZ BROTHERS, mad merrymaniacs, are crazier th^ evcar in their first starring musical, “Life Begins in College,” Twentieth CenturyFox tunes wept jamboree of giddy gags, gorgeous girls and riotouafun.H;'!s,>f,’,
I
I
'^‘l ^^^]^ W: Ms w-
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sviiiday, October 17,1937
(Continued from page 1) Ogden L. Mills, Treasury secretary under ex-President Hoover, died at his New York City home Monday morning at the age of 53. Recundng slight illnesses were blamed for his death. Mills, one of the last of the old guard Republicans, was serving as director on six ihajoi\ corporation boards at the time of his death. Evidence of possible sabotage to the U. S. cruiser Vincennes, now undergoing tests at Boston, Mass., Na\’y Yard, was reported Wednesday. A large piece of metal was found in one of four reduction boxes on the 10,000 ton craft. Subsequent search revealed a metal file in another gear box. An engine room fire and a wrench in the gear box of the cruiser Quincy, under construction a year ago, delayed its completion three months. Sabotage aboard the cruiser Indianapolis caused a fire and short-circuiting of electric cables about the same time. Crown Point’s swift-turning marriage mill received a jolt Wednesday when Indiana Attorney General Omer S. Jackson ruled that marriage licenses issued to out-of-state couples were illegal. Illinois’ four-month-old hygienic marriage law has driven thousands of couples across the state line to Crown Point. There County Clerk George W. Sweigart operates a marriage license bureau 24 hours a day, collects a personal rakeoff estimated at $6,000 a month. Jackson based his ruling on law passed in 1852 stating couples must have a marriage license from the woman’s county. Labor Separation of the two strongholds of labor, CIO and AF of L, became official Monday when the executive committee of the federation was voted power to revoke the charters of the suspended unions in John L. Lewis’ organization. The vote was followed by a plea fpr the rebel unions to “come back home,” from William Green, AF of L president. Unionization is expensive. This fact was demonstrated on Tuesday, also, when Sidney Hillman, chairman of the textile workers organizing committee, reported that the organization of one-third of the nation’s textile workers in a six months’ drive cost $970,000. At the same time it was revealed that the steel drive and the strike on “little steel” this summer cost the CIO $860,000. AF of L leaders rejected a CIO plan for a peace conference Wednesday because of the terms attached to it. They offered, however, to sit at a peace conference where no conditions were laid down in advance and both sides could meet on equal terms. The CIO demands that the federation relax its attitude toward the in-
dustrial type of unionization before any peace negotiations start. Labor authorities believe if CIO and AF of L leaders once gather at a conference table a peace agreement will result. Neither will risk the discredit of quitting a conference without some kind of a settlement. The need of a united labor front to push candidates in 1938 elections and the high cost of organizing workers are cited as further reasons for peace between the labor factions. War Bruno, Mussolini’s 20-year old son, with his crack squadron of 20 bombers, took off Wednesday from the Balearic Islands for a bombing raid on government-occupied Spanish East coast cities. II Duce waited patiently in Rome for word of his return. Friday Italian officials tried desperately to locate this young veteran of the Ethiopian war for their dictator. Their search was in vain. Meanwhile, II Duce’s troops were helping Rebel-General Franco push on toward capture of Gijon, last loyalist-held city on the Bay of Biscay. Insurgent columns pushed Asturian defenders back to Infiesto, 20 miles southeast of Gijon, after rebel bombing planes had wrecked loyalist lines at Arriondas, six miles east of Infiesto. Madrid citizens Thursday morning dug themselves out of ruins left by more than 700 rebel artillery shells, dragged out more than 100 dead. Most of those killed were trapped in their homes as they slept. The 85-day-old war in China took a new turn Monday when General Li Tsung-Jen, Kwangsi, south China province, military leader, placed at the disposal of the Nan king government 200,000 wellequipped veterans ready for immediate service at the front. As an added indication of the rising Chinese national unity he started to mobilize 2,800,000 more soldiers. These troops and the announcement from the foreign office at home that the war so far had cost 425 million dollars (five million dollars daily) caused Nipponese command, ers no little worry. Adding insult to injury, Chinese troops Friday staged lightning-like raids on Japanese lines in the Chapei sector of Shanghai, pushing to within one block of the Japanese consulate. Japanese commanders had just announced their troops were in the midst of a successful big push. Making another, perhaps costly, mistake, a Japanese squadron of planes spattered machine gun bul lets .on three British automobiles, carrying the Union Jack, Tuesday. In addition to British diplomats, the cars carried Italian and Russian attaches. Later in the day Nichi Nichi, To-
kio newspaper correspondent, reported he had seen columps of heavy mechanized Russian troops passing through Ulan Bator, capitol of Out J er Mongolia, riding in a southern direction. Foreign Diplomatic dickering between France and Italy over the proposed Franco-British conference for removal of foreign volunteers from the Spanish civil war ended Sunday as Mussolini vetoed any meeting which would not include Germany. II Duce also stated non-intervention should be left to the .London committee. Thus, with the opening of the French frontier along the Spanish boundary hanging as a threat over its head, the London non-interven-tion committee met yesterday. Widely differing suggestions for withdrawing foreign troops from Spain were submitted by the French and Italian representatives at the conference’s first session. Mussolini’s delegate, Count Grandi, proposed that withdrawals be on a percentage basis while 'French Foreign Minister Delbos demanded complete removal of II Duce's forces. Yesterday afternoon Grandi announced Italy would withdraw part of their volunteers. Fear of an Italo-French conflict arose in military circles as four thousand Italian troops sailed from Naples early this week for Italy’s north African province, Libya. Libya is extremely close to French Algiers and French Tunisia. Unofficial reports from Rome indicate between 26,000 and 30,000 soldiers have departed for Libya during the last three weeks. American Consul Theodore Marriner was assassinated Tuesday in Beirut, Syria, by an Armenian whom the consul refused permission to visit the United States. Marriner was shot while he and his chauffeur were driving through the streets of Beirut. The assassin was captured immediately.
Notices No Notices Accepted Alter 8 PJM.
Womens Bowlingr: Sign up for tournament in the Union office before October 19. —CROSSMAN
Pi Tau Sigma: Meeting October 19 at 7 p. m. in room F of the Union Building. —COX.
Union Sophomores: Our committee report to office October 18, at 4 p. m. Important. —JACOBSOS, TURNER.
Mary McClelland, Ruth Hall, Georgiana Baker, Joanne Edson, Mary Jane Lturamore, Mary Frinces Oliver, Marjorie Schutman, Margaret' Ajiitchell, Jo^n' ’Laffeity, 'Willie Gross, Betty Granger, and 'Vivian Phel^. -^WOOD.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
ByLluhty
WAA Biflery: Practice October 18: 6:15 p. m. Ward 4 ; 7:00 p. m. Ward 1- 7:45 p.m. WRH North. —CHRISTEaVSON.
Debate Managers: Meeting in Union debate office 4 p. m. October 18. —PERRY.
Union Sophomores: My committee report to the music room October 17 at 8:4B p. m. —CABONARGI. •
Co-eds: Tickets for vocational guidance banquet on sale at Union desk. -BEAMING.
YWCA Literature Group: Meet in YWCA office October 19 at 4 p. m. -BEAMING.
WAA: Transfer students may have WAA points transferred. See Mary Ellen Delaplane. .j —DEI^PLANE. WAA Hockey: Regular class practices everyday until October 23, when class teams will be announced. Each girl must have eight practices. ' —DOBSON.
Co-ed Conference Workers: Meeting in room F of the Memorial Union Building at 4 p. m., October 18. —MARTENET.
Faculty Members: Members of the faculty and others who wish membership tickets in the Indiana State Teachers Association may purchase them in room 208 of the Education Building. —McCOMB. * * * * “If a student in America received three hours to concentrate on one subject, he would die of shock,” says the president of a well known university.
‘It’s from Hollywood—they want to know if we have any "" good stories.”
Fencing: Varsity fencing will start on October 18. Meeting in fencing room fourth floor of Recitation Building at 4 p. m. All sophomores, juniors, and seniors with experience will report at this time. There will be a freshman call later. —LACEY.
Riding Club: Members may ride individually at specified hours by signing in office. —HARPER.
Union Sophomores: Members of our committees meet in the workshop at 4 p. m. October 18, to start work on Military Ball. —HARPER, SAMUELSON.
Lafayette Hockey Club: Practice will be held the morning of October 17 at 11:00. —BRADY.
WAA Hockey: Open practice the morning of October 17 at 11 a. m. —BRADY.
Union Sophomores: Will the following members of my committee report to the music room October 17 at 8:46 p. m.
ALWAYS SUNSHINE
Add Milk To Your Daily Diet Bring the sunshine vitamins into your home. It’s your best food, your most economical food — a miracle food. Live better and cheaper by using as much milk as you can. SUNSHINE FARMS
4th cmd UNION Sts.
PHONE 5015
Debris Senior Picture Sittings Will Begin Tomorrow
Photographers from Dexheimer-Carlton Studios, Indianapolis, will begin taking Debris senior pictures in room A of the Union Building, at 8 a. m. Monday. Every senior has been scheduled a sitting for a definite time, and will receive a card telling the exact time of his sitting through the mail. Debris editors state that it is very important that each senior report to room A on time, or that he make arrangements for a more convenient time. As an added accommodation to seniors, 50 prints of each picture on regular Debris paper will be available at cost price of 26 cents. These •pictures will be the same size as those in the book. A minimum charge of $1.50 is made for the regular Debris picture and should be made at the time the picture is taken.
MONDAY MORNING
8 ;00 Amfilee, Grace 8:05 Ameler, F. 8:10 Atkinson, F. E. 8:16 Bailey, W. F. 8 :20 Bain, Louise 8:25 Bannivart, Bessie 8 :30 Beko, Helen 8:36 Beck, R. J. 8:40 Behrens, W. J. 8:45 Belding, R. V. 8:60 Bexler, Emma 8 ;65 Brown, Jean 9:00 Blume, R C. 9 ;06 Bordone, F. Jr. 9 :10 Best, Mrs. Doris ;I5 Clawson, Anna 9:20 Clevinger, Marcia 9:26 Cromer, Catherine 9:30 Bluemei, E. 9:86 Bonwell, R. P. 9:40 Buth, W. H. 9:46 Caldivell, K. T. 9:60 Clark, R. B. 9:66 Cobbs, G. V. 10:00 Adsit, F. W. 10:06 Antucshko, V. W. 10:10 Ball, R. S. 10:16 Bearse, L, R. 10:20 Bell, J. F. 10:26 Anderson, Jane 10:80 Best Eita 10:86 Bieger, Buth 10:40 Bryant, Dorothy
10:46 10:60 10:66 11:00 II :05 11:10 11:16 11:20 11:26 11:30 11:35 11:40 11 :46 11:60
12:60 12 :55 1:00 1:05 1 :10 1:15 1:20 1:26 1 :30 1:36 1:40 1:46 1:60 1:66 2:00 2:06 2:10 2:16 2:20
Campbell, Mabel Cassell, Martha Delaplane, Ellyn Ayer, E. D. Barron, M. D. Bassett, C. E. Bigelon, C. G. Boecker, Marybelle Bruver, Daisy Blair, E. A. Bowen, H. S. Bowen, M. M. Brisling, T. H. McFadden, B. R. MONDAY AFTERNOON Abercrombie, G. R. Andres, J. P. Beck, W. G. Bell, D. R. Amsden, Margaret Boord, Kathryn Bosco, Jennie Bruver, Merle Kirkpatrick, Chas. Davis, Mary Blickenstaff, E. F. Bliss, C. H. Brasington, R. C. Brock, J. E. Brown, G. W. Althere, G. H. Billings, W. B. Basinger, Virran Binget, Alma
2 :25 Burger, R. A. 2 :30 Burgess-Dye, J. A. 2 :36 Burkholder, C. M. 2:40 Byrd, R. W. 2 :45( ©amp, S. J. 2:50 Von Catron, C. 2:66 Carnes, W. W. 3:00 Chinn, R. H. 3 :06 Cbm'ee, L. M. 3:10 Brown G. L. 3:16 Bruher, P. G. 3:20 Clipp, F. P. 3 :26 Coffee, R. J. 3:30 Cohen, S. R. 3:36 Cooper, L. E. s 3:40 Craig, R. J. 3:46 Crass, G. D. 3:60 Captain, R. N. 3:66 Denny, Helen 4 :00 Diehy Katherine 4 :06 Carr', Ruthjeanne 4 :10 Coan, Dorothy 4:16 Dicker, L. W. 4:20 Arnold, H. W. 4 :25 Beversdorf, R. C. 4 :30 Brodsky, L. 4:36 Brown, D. R. 4 :40 Dungan, H. R. 4:46 Dunnington, E. T. 4 :60 Bonglas, G. F. 4:66 Egle, P. H. 6:00 James Von Harz TUESDAY MORNING 8:00 Abbott, R. B. 8:05 Aldrich, S. J. 8:10'Allee, W. A. 8:16 Anderson,”H. W. 8:20 Anderson, H. H. 8 ;26 Barrett, M. L. 8:30 Bauer, P. 0. 8:36 Belsley, S. E. 8:40 Blank, O. J. 8:45 Bowman, J. D. v 8 :60 Bryant, G. R. 8 ;56 Buchanan, J. D. 9:00 Azbell, J. F. 9:06 Alter, A. J. 9 :10 Baals, D. D. 9:16 Barth, H. J. 9:20 Berry, W. H. j 9:26 Bateman, J. R. 9:30 Birge, R. 'D. 9:36 Brown, S. H. 9:40 Buschmann, O. O. 9:46 Carson, D. H. vil 9:60 CrisB, E. E.
9 :56 Danciu, C. 10 ;00 Alexander, E. C. 10:06 Brink, T. R. 10:10 Campbell, C. W. 10:16 Clevenger, W. W. 10:20 Clinton, R. W. 10:25 Colby, A. C. 10:30 Campbell, J. R. 10:36 Cork, B. C. 10 :40 Craig, W. H. 10:46 Cully, J. P. 10 :60 Cummins, E. S. 10:66 Decker, P. H. 11:00 Berdis, B. E. 11:06 Best, R. D. 11:10 Brower, F. L. 11:16 Brown, E. R. 11:20 Brown, J. R. 11:26 Brandt, F. C. 11:30 Brunsdon, D. V. 11:36 Cassidy, J. L. 11:40 Coats. C. W. 11:46 Goers, F. L. 11:60 Gillilan, W.J. TUESDAY AFTERNOON 12:60 Cox, E. N. 12 :65 Dailey, L. E. 1:00 Davis, R. B. 1:05 DeRamond, T. P. 1:10 . Dibble, J. C. , 1:15 Diener, J. H. 1:20 Dow, R. B. 1:26 Dudding. C. W. 1 ;30 Dobson, Lucille 1:36 Doyle, Frances 1:40 Dray, Hildred 1:46 Fricke, Neva 1:60 Frick, Rosemary 1:66 Friend, Josephine 2 :00 George, Mary Jane 2:0& Dicks, Margaret 2:10 Fantone, Margaret 2 :16 Green, Dora Mae 2:20 Eckert, H. P. 2 :26 Ellmaker, J. B. 2:30 Bichom, R. L. 2:36 Emrick, P. S. 2:40 Engleton, J. R. 2:46 Evans, J. S. 2:60 Evans, J. A. 2:66 Everest. G. 8:00 Farback, J. E. 3:06 Douglas, Vera 3:10 Eldri^ge, Marjory 3:16 Hess, Mary Louise 3 :20 Hiet, Phyllis
3 :26 Kaufman, Jean 3 :30 Moore, Fern 3 :35 Morehouse, Dorothy 3:40 Morehouse, Kathryn 3 :46 Morris, Harriet 3 :60 Murphy, Lillian 3 :66 O’Bannon, Fay 4 :00 ^Painter, Betty 4:06 Diggins, E. R. 4:10 Huffman, M. 4:16 Hufford, C. B. 4:20 Hall, W. D. 4 :25 Helstrom, H. A, 4 :30 Henry, R. L. 4 :36 Herman, S. 'W. 4 :40 Hess, J. C. 4:46 Jackson, R. D. 4:60 Jackson, R. R. 4 :66 Jenkins, B. 5 :00 Stolz, Jean WEDNESDAY MORNING 8:00 Couch, C. W. 8:06 Cronk, J. H. 8:10 Darby, L. E. 8:16 DeMar, J. J. 8 :20 Donnell, P. L. 8 :25 Downes, R. M. 8 :30 Eastburn, Frances H :36 Erickson, J. A. 8:40 Ferguson, J. A. 8 :46 Ferguson, R. S. ' 8 :60 Feucht, Theodore 8:66 Mailath, Cornelia 9 :00 Mailath, Helen 9 :06 Martenet, Dorothy 9:10 Moore. Edna Fay 9:15 Parion, Alice 9:20 Douglas, Margaret 9 :26 Graham, Margaret 9 :30 Hochstetler, Sara 9 :36 Janousek, Jeanne 9 :40 Kungel. Virginia 9 :46 Lewis, Anna 9 :60 McKinsey, Marcia 9:66 Bendell, Wm. 10:00 Chamberlain. R. W. 10 :06 Devaney, W. J. 10:10 Eldridge, Ken E. 10:16 Masters, Mary Alice 10:20 Perkins, Jeanne 10:26 Plank, Muriel 10:30 Gillespie, Martha 10:36 Holden, Cue 10:40 Haltman, hither 10 :46 Ilgenfritz, Eleanor 10:60 Jackson, Roselyn
10:65 Jenkins, Margaret 11:00 Lewis, Marjorie 11:06 Cooper, R. S. 11:10. Gripe, H. C. 11:16 Crosby, F. M. i. :20 Dobrowolsky, C. E. 11:26 Dostal, H. F. 11:30 Deibsky, P. J. 11:36 Epp, D. O. 11:40 Farrow, Verle 11:46 Rosentrader, Margaret 11:60 Vance, D. R. WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON 12:60 Everett, B. L. 12:66 Paris, R. P. 1:00 Farquharson, D. H. 1:06 Dorlt, D. H. 1:10 Dana, H. D. 1:16 Curtner, R. L. 1:20 Ash, W. E. 1:26 Howard, Helen 1:30 Jones, Marion 1:35 Keeley, Alice 1:40 Kirtland, Grace 1:46 Kirtland, Lois 1:50 Knapp, Majy Louise 1:66 Lennox, Marion 2 :00 McKee, Betty 2:06 McWilliams, Mattiebelle 2 :10 Martin, Janet 2:16 Patterson, Dora Mae 2 :20 Price, Alice 2 :25 Hall. Joan 2 :30 Hester, Florence 2 :40 Richard, Virginia 2 :46 Richey, Margaret 2 :60 Sidwell, Virginia 2 :66 Skinner, Rosemary 3:00 Slocum, Alice ' 3 :06 Stephens, Georgia 3:10 Stiles, Jeanne 3:16 Sutherin, V. G. 3 :20 Thrqsher, Thelma 3 :26 Torimlo, Mai-y 4 :00 Fitzgerald, J. P. 4:06 Ebbeler, H. R. 4 :10 Johnson, R. E. 4:16 Johnson, W, E. 4 :20 Jones, ,C. F. 4:26 Karnes, B. R. 4 :30 Karnisky, B. 4:36 Katz, B. 4 :40 Kelley, J. 4 :45 Kendall. E. P. 4 :60 Kent, J. 4 :66 Keppler, J. p. 6 :00 Lord, R. B.
fi