I
ns
Minutes Of War CoUntil's Fourth Meeting—Page 2
I
Established 1889
x/pom4it W Daily Since 1906
Hardwood Team Fiiio Nofthwestem II.#, Tomorrow Night
d^nie 5B, No. 113
West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, February 8, 1942
BOILERMAKERS HIP IOWA RAUY TO WIH. 45 - 44
; Coe To Speak
Conference Opens Here Tomorrow .
Af Con VO Today;
Second-Half Letdown Hits Riveters
Again As Hawks Threaten At Gun Advanced Service
Meikle Announces
Choir Will Appear
Conrad Sparkplugs Gold And Blacks Pq|* CAA |f0j||C6S
Club Leaders To Meet
Scabbard And Blade As Sprowl, Menke Take Scoring Honors
To Discuss Programs
Dr, Albert Buckner Coe, pastor of the First Congregational Church, at Oak Park, Illinois, will address the third regularly scheduled religious convocation to be held today at 10:30 a. m. in the Music Hall.. Dr. Coe, who appeared on the religious convocation program several years ago, will discuss “We Can Become What We Will” in today’s lecture and it is said that
this title is somewhat indicative of his personal philosophy. Author In Spare Time Although he has a full time job as pastor of a large church, Dr. Coe finds time to write for religious journals and to write books. In his latest book, "Born for Victory,” he describes his personal philosophy and attitude on many social and international political problems. Dr. Coe is known in religious circles as a man of strong convictions
Federal Agent Talks At School On Protection
Speaking behind closed doors to the final session of the school for industrial protection, Frederick Fletcher, special agent of the Federal
and he has presented numerous lec- Bureau of Investigation at Indiantures and sermons at colleges and FBI av a co-ordinating* agency in universities throughout the Eastern apolis, discussed the operation of the ' states as well as here in the Middle the detection of sabotage and es-
West. pionage.
Although he fought in the first The representatives of the 90 inWorld War, Coe is a strong advocate dustrial plants which participated of ^ peace and he has made many in the session were all properly aupeaC€ addresses on the Pacific coast, thenticated before they were admitHe„ia chairpian of the executive ted to the meeting. Fletcher discusscommittee. pn the General Council ed in detail the manner in which the office Copgregational and Christian industrial companies should get in c|Wrhbes and a membei*of the Fed- tonch with the FBI in case of emer-
e^l ibbupcil Commission studying gency.
the “Ba'ie of a Just and Durable Other topics were also taken up Peace,” , in connection with the safety preBesilefe the address by Dr. Coe, cautions to be employed by the ihthe Ifnivdraity choir of 260 voices, dustrial plants in order to make cer-dji-pcted, by Albert P. Stewart will tain a continuous flow of war masing SeVtekl numbers. Although the teiials. These were discipline of convocation'is primarily for students plant protection units, safety inand faculty* the general public i.s spections, ethics and couitesy, and
Over one hundred adult 4-H club leaders from the north and central districts of Indiana will meet on the campus tomorrow and Tuesday to take part in a training conference sponsored by the Indiana Eotary Club and conducted by the University 4-H staff. In this conference the 4-H leaders will discuss their leadership prograips, duties, and problems. • Stewart To Direct Music Music and recreation will be under the direction of Albert P. Stewart and F. L. McReynolds, state 4H assistant. E. C. Bird, state 4-H chairman, will preside over the session held tomorrow and H. F. Ainsworth, state 4-H club leader, will direct the session Tuesday. Registration for tomorrow’s session will be from 9:00 - 10:00 a. m. After the registration there will be general session, which will meet in the East and West Faculty Lounges.
Will Conduct Annual
Best Soldier Contest
R. C. Simposon
. . . graduate student and a first lieutenant in the Reserve Corps, has been called to duty at Edgewpod, Maryland. He has been doibg research woi’k here on orchids.
Annual Best Soldier Contest, sponsored by Scabbktd and Blade, military honorary, will be held Saturday, April 4, at 1 p. m. in the Armory. The contest is sponsored for the purpose of creating a personal interest in the corps on the part of 'the individual student and is open to all members of the basic course of the R.O.T.C. Grading will be based on the regular discipline grades, Conduct on the drill floor and a final practical examination. Grades in classroom work will not be considered in the judging. During the preliminary period, the contestants will be judged by diill sergeants, regular army officers and members of Scabbard and Blade. An examination on “The School of the Soldier” conducted by membeis of the organization will be the final event of the contest. Students desiring to enter the contest should sign up at the Scabbard and Blade table to be located on the first floor of the Armory during this week, d.e.b.
By John Keeler, Associate Sports Editor It may have been because the Hawkeyes were outnumbered 100 to 1 last night when it came to saying prayers, or it may have been because they couldn’t hit the buckets that counted most, but the fact remains that Boilermaker hardwood fans were treated to one of the most satisfying hair-raisers they have been blessed with in many a moon. After a beginning found the Riveters as cold as a
Pilots May Elect Army, Navy, Civilian Positions
Last Night's Results Illinois, 41; Northwestern, 33 Minnesota, 63; Ohio State, 33 Great Lakes, 47; Wisconsin, 42
C/eo Blackburn ToTalkTonight
pack of these proverbial icebergs, someone kindled a spark that quickly grew into a conflagration around Lambert’s lads and baskets began to roll in for the home crew. The game really began for the Boilermakers when, with the score 7-9 in favor of the Hawkeyes, Referee Gilbert McDonald of Wisconsin called a technical foul on Don Blanken, causing consternation among the ranks, afterwards a markedly flashier brand of basketball.
AtBlnUnion
Exponent Urges Freshman Eds, Coeds To Try Newspaper Work
Cleo W. Blackburn, superintendent of Flanner House, negro social center in Indianapolis, will speak night at 8 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Union at the annual observance of Race Relations Sunday sponsored by the Univeisity Religious Council. The Wesley Foundation Choir will furnish mlisic for the program. International Racial Sunday is sponsored by the Federal Council of Churches of Chl'ist in America and is observed thi’oughout the Upited States for the purpose of impi oving inter-racial understanding.
By Clayton Wendel
invited to dttend. d.e.b.
leadership.
The speakers besides Fredeiick Fletcher were, Capt. K. E. Kline, who was in charge of the industrial protection division of the Purdue Public Safety Institute, and who has also been giving training in industiial safety for defense, and W. I.
Hoof and Horn, honorary ani- Spitler of Lafayette, who is presimal husbandry society, will give its dent of the Indiana Association of annugl pageant at a banquet iri the Industrial Property Protection DiHome Economics cafeteria, Tues- rectors,
day, February 17.
AgSodeiy To Knight 'Sir Loin'At Banquet.
The pageant will be “The Knighting of Sir Doin.” It will feature Scenes and costumes of the seven-teenth-century and scenes of the time wjhen an English luler actual-
Butz To Leave For Bozeman Montana
Dr. E. L. Butz, of the fai'm man-
ly made a knight of a loin of beef, agement department will leave toand called it “Sir Loin.” The name day for Bozeman, Montana, wTieie Of the cut of meat now called “sir- he will inspect the Montana chaploip steak” has been derived fiom ter of the Alpha Gamma Rho Frathis incident. termty. Dr. Butz, who is national A Stoer from the University farm fraternity editor, will also inspect is to be slaughtered sometime this the chapters at the University of week; part of the carcass to be used North Dakota at Fargo; University 'for l;Ke banquet. Approximately two of Wisconsin at Madison and the huridred people, including regular- University of Minnesota at Minnealy enrolled Agriculture students, polls. During the trip, he will conStrid^ts enrolled in the eight fer with members of the Agriculwdeks' short course and faculty tuial Economics staffs of the varmembers, are expected to attend, ious universities and will leturn to e.m.h. the campus on Friday, d.e.b.
During the first month of the second semester, the freshman is deluged with a number of callouts for the various campus activities. The Student Union and the Debris have already held their callout meetings, and the Exponent will conduct its initial freshman “get-to-gether” next week. Freshmen men will meet in room 304 of the Union on Tuesday and Freshmen coeds will meet in the same room Wednesday afternoon. University Informs Neophytes Last summer by return mail aftei sending in an application for registration, all of the new students leceived a freshman handbook which included an abbreviated description of all of the campus activities as one of its features. By this method the University acquaints the neophyte Purdue-man with the field of extra-curricular activities, and encourages the newcomer to try his hand at something “outside the course of studies” that will interest him. Activities play a big part in the social development of a student! Activities count a lot on the personnel record of a graduate when he begins to look for employment. And finally activities make a Uni-
versity a real experiment in community living. Forum Urged Participation Many endorsements for activities were made by the students behind the show on the campus at the Fieshmen Activities Forum meetings held last fall. In a restatement of all of the aims and advantages of campus activities as outlined by the University, the personnel office and the Activities Forum, Lee Riiffner, managing editor of the Exponent biings the question up to date in a few woids: “In the new concentrated University schedule, activities will play a moie important part than ever before.” “Freshmen should not hesitate over entering an activity because that they feel they will not hdve sufficient time. The time that they will spend m their activity would in many cases, be used for something which would be of far less value to them.” “With the plans for changes which the Exponent has, the reporters who work on the staff will find that they have an even better chance to keep well-informed concerning affairs on a national scale as well as campus activities than any staff in the past has had.”
Butler Graduate Blackburn, a member of the State Board of Education, received his A. B. degree from Butler Univei--sity in 1932 and his M. A. degi’ee from Fisk University at Nashville, Tenn., in 1936. He taught sociology at Fisk University and Knoxville College and was a research associate at Tuskegee Institute at Tuskegee, Ala. Blackburn has served as Superintendent of Flanner House and as directoi of a sociological survey of Negro situation in Indianapolis since 1936. He received the Indianapolis Junior Chamber of Commerce distinguished service award in 1940 for his work at Flanner House, p.h.
WBAA Issues Callout
For Student Workers
Three in the Right Place A margin of three extra foul shots gained by the Boilermakers spelled the difference between victory and defeat. The boys frork the corn country outscored the home cagers 19-18 buckets but their extra tally wasn’t enough to carry them over. Menke showed considerable improvement on the home court, hitting three for five in the category. High scorer for the night and one of the classiest pivot men seen on the Boilermaker court in some time was one 6’-6” Hawkeye Milt Kuhl. Kuhl dropped in seven big ones and hit three more free throws to pile up the tidy little total of 17 out of the Hawkeye total of 44 points. Two of his team-mates, forward Tom Chapman and diminutive guard Vic Siegal snagged nine points, on four buckets and a charity toss each. Sprowl Leads On the Boilermaker side of the ledger Sprowl tops with seven field goals and two free throws to his credit and Menke next with three and three. One of the shining lights out on the hardwood was John Conrad who showed enough fight for a couple of players during that latter part of the second half when the Riveters seemed to be running away with the game. Later in the second half Polk, Caress and Lawson came into their own making up in fight what the Riveters lacked in height. ^ Blanken Scores First The game opened appropriately enough, with Boilermaker Captain Don Blanken scoring the first two (Continued on page 4)
Radio station WBAA will conduct auditions for all students who desire positions on the staff Wednesday afternoon at 4 p. m. in the auditorium of the Music Hall. Positions are available for announceis, script writers, and sound effect technicians. Students who qualify at the tryouts will become a regular part of the WBAA staff.
Expo Sophomores
About 20 Exponent staff ambiti ous sophomores (male and female) are wanted for an hour’s work Monday afternoon, Feb. 9, at 4:15. Your appearance at that time will be considered politically wise.—J.L.T.
In answer to questions asked tty many members of the studettt G. Stanley Meikle, Director at RHtsearch Relations with Industry Head of the Flight Training Pw>* gram for the University, yesterday isued the following statement: “Those enrolling for the 194S Spring Primary and Secondary Civilian Pilot Training Programs are required to sign an affidavit agreeing, among other things, that “upon completion of the Civilian Pilot Training Coarse ... to immediate apply for farther aviation training in the armed air forces for at leaft the minimam period of time prescribed by the Army and Navy for such enlistment OR continoe in Civilian Pilot Training if so directed.** Those who are determined to become military aviators may make application for enlistment for further aviation training in the armed air force of their choice. It is understood that at least one such anped air service provides that the lanidr or senior may complete his eoUe^ course unless the emergency'becomes much more critical. ShouM the aviation training enlistment quota become filled they are pledged to continue Civilian Pilot Training if the government so directs. ; Those who prefer to continue civilian pilot training may make application immediately for continued Civilian Pilat Training if they ha^ successfully completedi the' iSigtit and ground school work of the Itfivious courses and can s&Unfy'tlitr age and educational reqairetnttttn. The following courses are new ing offered by the Civilian Pildt Training Service: (1) Primary; (2) Secondary; (3) Cross Country; (4) Pilot Instructor, and (6) Fli^i Officer. ^ Should the student find the conrsft of his choice closed to him he nxtiat immediately make application tat the alternative course. No student will be admitted ttt the course who is sidiject td prior to the end of the flight ahd ground school training period. ttlSw student coming within the dra^ must be deferred by his local sel^ tive service board until July itt, 1942 to be eligible. Few opportunities give the ^dL vidual a better chance to for effective service to his coUAt^ in this time of emergency aU^ ittlr dentally to prepare for activg j^a^ ticipation in aviation which holds tt promise of being one of the grefttdtl industries of the future.” Those who intend to participate in the 1942 Spring Priiaatg and Secondary Courses are reqOehted to enroll and keep closely in toUcljl with Director Meikle’s office, Srid floor of Executive Building, unt|l ^ documents required for participi|tion in the course are in proper OIS der for final acceptance.
Exponent Business Staff Keeps Sophomore Ad Salesman AAoving
By Salty Saxton
The life of a sophonioi’e Expon^pt ad salesman is strewn with interesting bits of glory and haidship. So we thought we would narrate to yop a few of the most common experiences of this friend of mine— a story that takes place eveiy two ‘days preceding each publication of this Iiaper, before the ink has been mix^d or the type has been set. A typical day begins for oui hero when he awakens, only to leeeive the brunt of all complaint thiough exclamations such as the.se: )Vhere Are The Expos? “Where the I % & ? aie our Expos this morning?” And, “We never get any news with the second, third, and fourth pages filled with ads!” (Except in January.) 'These remarks are trivial compare'd with the events that aie to fellow in the day’s life of Mr. Ex-vpon'ent-ad-salesman, but let u? go on with the tale. The routine gathering in the ad-
vertising office usually begins the day’s activities for him. This is the time during which he sits thi'ough the daily pep talks and “moneymaking” ideas i elated by the advertising manager, ideas which have a forty-to-one chance of never working. Emotional pleas are laid before the attentive (?) activity man by the junior advertising manager, and an appearajnee is sometimes made by the business manager, usually a senior (most senior business managers have barely kept in school for the last three or four years). He details a story about money needed to put his books in the black, and our hero seems to catch every word with its fullest meaning. Pep and High Purpose The speeches evidently push their way home into the listener’s mind, for there begins the will to sell which every salesman must have before going on his “beat.” Whatever it is, either a successful and bolstering pep talk or a supply of useful
sales points, the salesman trudges away with the one thought of selling the ad layouts which he picked up before leaving the office. If he is fortunate, he will be able to have had them drawn by the Art Staff, one the of the departments of the Business Staff. If he is even more lucky, he will have an ad which will suit his interests, but before the day is over Mr. Exponent-ad-sales-man usually finds himself erasing the copy and drawing his own layouts . . . which is one heluva job! After walking, hitch-hiking, and bus-*riding, the youpg business-man-of-tomorrow makes his way to the business district of Lafayette, where he boldly walks toward a department store door. With the aggressiveness and will that is in his cheat, no tough advertiser could talk him out of an ad—but what happens? Instead of entering, he pushes on around through the swing doors with an about turn into the street again.
Cold Feet “Perhaps,” thinks our hero,“ I can be just a bit more fluent if I go to several ot my smaller customeis before I talk to Mi. Schnitzel.” And he thinks of his very first sales interview.
It was like this—way back when he was a freshman: Having received an assignment to make a sale with an adveitisei, he found himself so frightened that he walked by the door four times before he pushed hrinself in, and when he did tace the man—he stammeringly ordered a pad of Form A paper. After having been asked why he received no ad, he said, “The manager wasn’t
of hemming-and-hawing, the blame is finally shifted to the printer who composes, the ads for the printing presses. This is an excellent excuse, and it is used by newspaper ad salesmen throughout the country. Mr. Schnitzel probably enjoys the boy, and he gives him tips so helpful to the newcomer in the business world. The salesman listens about as well as he does to the manager’s pep talks.
We Did It!
Finally about three-quarters of an hour later, Mr. Exponent-ad-salesman finds himself sitting before Schnizel, trying to explain why a preceding ad had so many errors and also why it was run three days late. After, seemingly, hours
Suddenly, much to the surprise of Mr. Exponent-ad-salesman, Schnitzel hands him a pre-drawn halfpage ad. Yes, sir! A whole halfpage—thirty dollars’ worth of space for Friday’s paper. Here is the report to the ad managei: “At first he only wanted ten inches, but I sure came through with a good sales talk. I told him that the coeds of Purdue spent overone hurrdred thousand dollars a year to come to school and have a
good time. I then put a little humor into my story and said, ‘What for do you think girls come to Purdue if it isn’t for fun.’—so he took the size up to a quarter page—but I didn’t stop there! I... etc ... etc.” This story is very carefully planned to be given when the business manager is within hearing distance, for he is an electoral voter on the Exponent Board. If the salesmen is a fraternity brother, the story is carried to other electoral voters to I'Bgister in their minds until staff elections. Copy Boy! Two or three times a week the salesman is called from his home duties to take ad copy over tp the printer in Lafayette. Always the sophomore gets his call from the manager at the most opportune times. Just when he is “getting-on-the ball,” cleaning his desk for a heavy evening’s study, or slipping into his study clothes, his phone rings—-and the “bag” is passed in
the following manner: “Say old man, I have to ent^ tain my i oom-mate’s mother’s tonight, and you are the only dlli# at home; so I was just ing. . . ' “Yeah, OK, OK. I’ll take down,” is the answer. f'*/ The deadline is 8:00 p. m., alad ill* call is made at 7:45. 'The copy can never be found, and A wait lor the bus adds to his pair Always, the sophomore man gets hell from the printer, IIA4 when the paper comes out the day, everyone awakens to the that one ad—usually a national a# vertiser’s electrotype—^was left the desk in the advertising offieOk ] . . . So, at the end of the dif Bfl^ Exponent-ad-salesman gets' from the advertising manag^j^ t%| business manager, the print^k the advertiser; and he ijupB hkitt across the campus only tq in the kitchen too late tp supper.
Si
#"SJft
lifj
1^
7'*- ii, ^
A?
t f tf '
i-4
Mh
iA
Purdue Exponmt
1 *j Sunday, February 8, J9f^
WtSHMClOH ME!«r«0ROUMI
§J
m\
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
ROME-
-TOKYO-
‘RERLfN
dfpiating^
Nnyaa-
-OAMOi-
-awob
Austin supportmpf Roosevelt and Aiken tootling: the America First
ti limpet
Anothci 1 ow IS ovei the expulsion of Republican Senatdi William Lanpcei of Noith Dakota ort the ground of unfitness Aftei Scnatoi Austin favored unseating Langei, Aiken
demanded tint ho lemain Anothci Senate feud is between
Republican Senator Bob Taft of Ohio and lenerable Senator Carter Glass, Virginia Democrat It’s a Senate by-word that if any-
body wants Glass’s vote for a ^
measure, he can get it by telling , , - the peppery Virginian that Taft Aftei applying left foot to the running board of fe against it car (if you’ve got a new car—relatively speak And the Oregon’s Republican ing—without a running board, just open the door and Senator Rufus C Holman hates the he’ll sit inside)—anyw-ay the first question that this Wagner Labor Relations Act so Professor Qunz throws at you is “Where is your driVfiercely that when he is in doubt ei’s license, draft card, and who is the blond in youi about a bill, he asks how Senator billfold’’’ Next you have to prove why you aren’t in Bob Wagner, author of the law, is the army to convince that ‘>u’re a Slacker’’ look m going to vote—then casts his ballot the Irishman’s eyes This can be done by one of two
ways-^—show him your deferment papers or prove that
your pop IS on the draft board
stafhp for Febfuaiji first and yohr $6 stamfi for July This calls for more digging iir your glove compartftient for the letter from your i evenue fiollector showing that you had a stamp but some future (President couldn’t resist adding it to his stamp tjolleotion one
night, when no one Was ai ound
Come next summer one will have to drive around With a trailer to carry all his credentials to prove he has the right to be out of the ai my and driving a car If you’re stopped by an offecei of the law for violating a city ordinance—you might as well sit back for a nice long quiz session with prizes which may last from thnty days to life—each one guaranteed
Next one must show his ration raid for the gas he IS using and a notarized statement proving that tires with such-and-such^ serial number belong on this au-
Congressmen Prepare For Battle On Sales Tax; To Air War Profiteering
WASHINGTON — Biggest fight b~en told°on war profiteering Finally he gets around to ask to see your $2 09
on the other side
Cosl'-Ptiis Profiteers
Not by a long shot has the whole
on Capitol Hill when it comes to wilting new taxes is going to be over the sales tax Wall Street forces already have lard pipe lines to certain congressmen for a sales tax instead of heavier coipoiation taxes, and its is going to be a knock
dowTi-drag-out battle
The man m the thick of this fight IS now relatnely obscure, but the public will hear a lot about bun shortl> He is Randoph Paul, better known to Ford, Standard Oil, and big firms who hire the nation’s best tax experts, than to the rest of the countrj Paul has written a number of boidcs on federal income taxes and gave up a $250,000 law practice to work for virtually noth-
ing for the government
Despite his backgiound howevei big business will get no comfort from Randolph Paul when it comes to sales tax He is opposed to this
January 17, 1942
The drive for the sale of defense bonds and stamps will be laumihed on Tuesday, Arrangements have been made to have on sale $600 worth of stamps m each of the following three places Union, Women s Re^ldel^^ee
to When you finally persuade this exemptee With jj^lls, and Cary Halls ' flat feet that this car had over a thousand miles on it m the face of adverse criticism the War Council feels iihat hpurs when Pearl Harbor was still m the oyster, your next women students should be made more strict Students mus^ task is to recite forward aiid backward your hcense to realize the seriousness of the war, and the importance of per^^?
plate numbers, your social security number, your call eooperating to save natural and human resources.
number—and the telephone number of the blond— Publicity concerning the sale of stamps, dhange of hduis fpi wo^h never can tell when you might getidiaf ted andi cops students, and the coming of Artie Shaw will appear in the Exponent db*:aie exempt foi feet and because they didn’t vote foi ^jjis week In Sunday’s Exponent theie will be a copy of the UmvefWillkie sity calendar which will heieaftei be published theie instead of b^ing
—s— mailed This will i educe the use of papei Also, excerpts of miputes
By this time the sun is going down and the revised- Council meetings will appeal — I'l '>***
levised day-light-saving-time coed hours are nearly ^ Exponent duimg the next j i,
up-and since so much time has elapsed since the po- j^yg Chase, and the chairman of t|te^nIrce repiesentative asked you to stop,—^the violation is Mi A P Stewait has a well-oi- ion music loora committee, qeebur* void—“Any crime committed five years prior to hear- gam^jed and workable plan for hav gei, will make final airangeWi^nts mg IS tossed out of court,” so head for the Halls — musical programs each Sunday Mr Stewart for the Sunday
Dean Dotty, the AWS, and the Student War Council afternoon fiom 3 00 to 4 30 m the piograms will be there to punch your one-date-a-month ration Music He plans to invite
eaid—rte
the entertainment foi these pio-
As soon as woid fiom the
Letter to Editor
Editor s Note The following letter was written by a member of an audience that recently heard a local bpeaker casting re
, , j! It was recommended „that gala
outside talent to Provide a part of be dispensed with for the prosthe entertainment foi ^nt year ami that any class reun-
self toward the Russian system ” ope ” Any discussion of the Hitler’s ^oumiT and^ fimn Mr Gunn, optional on the part of the “That the present alignment with plan is especially displeasing We , - convocation com- and funds Russia today is greatly increasing are frankly out to save ourselves which will be asked to pay make it inadvisable to have the feSour future hazards espesially in from all Axis domination and pub- ^hese progiams icaches trvities this year lefeience to Communism” be discussions concerning the res- stewait he will complete his It was iccomniended that on the To say that “the end of the pres- toration of Poland or relocating the , hopes to have the first Sunday piecechng Commencement ent war Will probably find the Com- holders of Yugoslavia may as we on Sunday, January 25 the Seniors have a meetihg at munists m control of our govern- wait More important work is a jt was recommended that the sei- which Piesident Elliott speaks to IS not a tiuthful statement band les of lectuics by members of the the seniors only, and that paiehts
The blistering reports of the Truman and House Naval Affairs committees disclosed many instances of “excessive and unconscionable” profits, but others just as sensational are due for
public airing ”
The investlgatois have mfoima- random on our government ami
tion that ceitain big-money execu-
tives of key war production firms Editor of Exponent
ed^hmi^saJanefto sky-high^levels tbe world, are enrolling in this fin It is also wrong at this time to We want to know that history, economics, and goveinment and guests be invited to attend the Under cost plus contracts^he gov- fi?bt with the Axis Some will create unnecessary anxiety among are going to have the very best of piesonted each Fri- Comincnceniont exorcises at which
einmLt navs all the freight so never return while others will come us by saying “that the alignment of pkanes, tanks and guns in ever-in- ^ ^
these self given salaiy boosts come back bioken in body and in mind oui present allies may change at ciesmg numbeis and^^^^^^^ will oirirriday fluppilv out of the taxnavers’ loyal American citizenry are any time and that we may end up o® i«ny warnea to use cnera r January SO Auangenrenls for these
Needless fault finding and preach- oui piesent enemies, the Axis” ago of 19, in the last vai and was Committee of the Associated
ing despair will not be tolerated by “That England will immediately quickly sent over-seas to France ^^Q^^en Students
our aroused people This is not a step in and call a halt by force if Many of the men in his group ar- recommended to the Relief mater of suppression of civil libei- necessary, the moment that Riis- lived at the front and had never Coordinating Committee that ties or free speech, but just a re- sia leaches the eastein boideis of loaded or fired an array rifle For- well as individuils qufest that everybody play the game Germany ” Public statements of tunately, the first sector was a quiet solicited to contubute money loi
with fairness and kindness until this type smack of sensationalism one and was shaied with a veteran brighter and happier days return and sheer speculation and are dan- Fiench army Today our boys are no
levy piimaiily because it induces themselves They have generously again to our people gerous to oui war effort Fiance max mg
It is unnecessary and unwise for fell an easy victim to Hitlei amid western
diplomas would be presented as names oi graduates weie called
pocket
In one case the head of a prominent aircraft company gave himself a raise of $33,000 a year In another instance, the increase amounted to doubling the boss’ salary—from $25,000 to $50,000. Fuithei the company heads have not confined these juicy giabs to
inflation
dished them out to subordinate of-
If you add foil cents on the jiuj^bei of these cases so much such talk
magnificent showing in ^ comimirurr ...aui= up Pacific and we aie all members of the Student War Coun-
cil Mildred Owens and Bill Far her.
MARS NOW THROUGH WED.
Gmtef than the Stage Shew!
sales puce of any commoditj ’ Paul aigues, “and a few more pennies on the price of a whole row of other commodities, laboi has an excuse to ask for an increase in wages Prices have gone up, and laboi claims its is entitled to the increase Then once the mciease is granted, industiy has an excuse for mcreas ing puces, and the wfiiole thing is started all ovei again It can be the most vrcjous eiiele m oui economic
life ”
Anh-Sales Tax
runs into the hundreds
The Armj and Navy resorted to cost plus contracts in order to expedite war production But many of these contracts were so loosely drawn by business minded military bureaucrats and dol-lar-a year “experts” that the government has piactically no protection against gouging The firms which are doing this iintortunately are muddying public opinion tor those which are not Company officials^&re taking ad
time trying to analyze or piophesy
eveiything for an anxious, woiried, ported statements at this time war-minded people Give them the about “how the peace will again be facts with your honest criticism and written by England, with gieat dis-
they will respect you Forecasters today are carried away by them selves, making too many wrong guesses, hurrying on to cover up with new prophesies, always trying
pioud of them Victoiy depends on
_ , , the whole people The gieat pi Ob- two »^erabeis of the musical organ The making of bittei and unsup , . , , , , . izations Mollie Haidiim and Jim
kins, social, political and economic i'^atm'*b, moiuc iricuunit, ported statements at this time ’ , aiising after this war cannot be "
settled now We must have faith and work unselfishly together for we cannot possibly see the end now Perhaps our country will not be the same America, after the war, but you can rest assured it will still be a groat America, for we have always been a gieat and resourceful people The wai has reumted us and
advantages to us ” “That if the war should end tomoiiow that wc would have to continue building ar m \ ments fot twenty five years” Yes,
the expense of this war is on oiii
to keep ahead of the times and the nfunds so much that we would ap fast moving world events Lowell pieento it if we were not reminded
Thomas, noted commentatoi, has by oui speakers so foieefully “that , . , long remained “the tops,” because this debt is to be saddled onto oiu we are marching to victory, which he attempts a fan intcipietation of childicns’ chikUen,” and “that foi will not be denied us if we
Instead of a sales tax Paul fa vantage of these contiacts not only news available and has not lowing the wai the United States vors a senes of very stiff taxes all to enrich themselves personally, but to any degree, in guess \\iii have to continue “priming the along the line Most drastic of his at the same time to reduce the ap- speculation pump,” foi all the nations of the proposals is to tax lowest bracket parent profits of then concerns and Take the case of Great Britain world, fiiend and foe alike” What
continue to have faith
firmly togethei Sincerely yours,
Di Harold J Risk
incomes
Paul points out that if j ou take 72 per cent from the big business executir e making $50 000 a y ear he merely increases salaries to his associates, spends more money on institutional advertising, and decreases his net income This m the end also leads to inflation Paul IS in favor of taxing the higher brackets very heavily but warns that the $1,200,000,000 additional attainable from this source is peanufs compared with what the country has to raise to meet the war bill The real spending power oi the nation is in the lowei biacket in comes and Paul contends these will
thus also beat the goveinment out <=«tamly some Englishmen can be othei solution is there now
of corporation taxes
Note Distuibed by the wide spread criticism of then delay in converting to all out war produc tion, certain auto executives have launched a ouiet “good will” cam paign among Washington newsmen and ladio commentatoi s Seveial “smokers” have been held for them and they were invited to a “lound table” gathering m Detroit
Capital Chaff
Working overtime at the job of building moie homes in Washington is a wealthy young Wall Stieetei, Frank Vanderlip, Jr , son of the formei president of National City Bank Vanderlip is an old fiiend
very nutating But let us not for get they stood alone on the western bastion of fieedom and civilization even at a time when the whole might of the Axis and, for all they knew of Russia too, was arraigned against them When we see the ii iitating side of the English played up, let us not forget that if a traitor wished to give the utmost of aid and comfoit to the enemy, he could probably do nothing that would accomplish his purpose moie effectively than to sow and foment quaileling and bickering between oui United States and the British
Commonwealth
Take the case of Russia who is
have to beai the big pait of the wai of two other wealthy young New doing a noble job of giving the De
budget Other Paul proposals aie (1) Heavy corporation taxes, (2) stiff excess profits taxes, (3) plugging all loop-holes in the tax laws; (4) an excise tax on certain specific luxuries which would nut increase the cost of living His reeommendiitions ait sine to
Yorkers now woiking for the gov tinment—Nelson Rocketellei and Walter Chrysler, Ji Unique among goyeinmcnt memos is one just leceived by Governor Albeit G
mociaties a much needed breathing spell, that precious tune we need in equipping and training our new army, to make it the best in the world To cany on peisonally eon
Black of Fai m Cl edit, showing that ducted torus of hunting lor Com
the legional agneultuial credit coipoiations have letuined the entire capital appiopnated by Congress,
be adopted in toto by Seeietaiy plus a small profit
Moigenthau and the White House Whethei Congress will adopt them will be decided only aftei one of the toughest tax battles in histoiy —especially over the sales tax Senate Feuds Theie is a blood feud between Veimont’s two Republican senators, able Warren Austin and ci usty David Aiken They weie on opposite sides of the pie-war foreign policy
President's Cake The Piesident had a special lea son for enthusing when the big an nual birthday cake tioin the Amen can Federation of Labor was wheeled into his office Pointing to miniature candy figures atop the huge, 350-pound cake, r D R lemarked to AFL ehiel Bill Green ‘ It’s very eom(C ontinued on page 4)
mumsts in “the high places” Washington at this time is in es pecially pooi taste and almost in excusable Saying “that, piioiilies are a leaf out of the Commumst Book” and that “the pattern m oui Capitol today is lapidly shaping it
fight with all our might and mam, and talk less about “that sad fu-
ture '
The average American is not in teiested at this tune in the details of any possible “New Older in Eui
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
fiiUidiASL £xfwfumJL All-American I940-'41
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate ot postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized Jar.uarv 20, 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by earner tor $3 50 per year, mail subscriptions, $1 00
Editor m Chief Newii Editor Sporte Editor
Med A Ociiiitree Ilusinesq Managrer. John E. 1 rautrott MatiaKing Editor Phil dohnaon Coed Editor
Publication Staff
AsBiciate Fditors Editorial felatf J h Amos 1 H Ainistronif D 1 Brofhy K i-A. lladlty h 1 Joiiiti i O Ki per Sparta biaff 0 1 Claik J U 1 rastr J S Keeler Coed btaff Mary K lioyiiton A!iu C lialiKld Jane Kanudell
Phenes. Editorial and Business, 4005, Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10 P At, 5377
Don S Powers Leland W Kugner fluth Boae
Business Staff
Ponim Siias O0ire Manager Lee
Cued Business Manager
Bossouk
Lucul Advertising Managers: K K Cirriilatiun Manager W T Bell
D Millard
Junior Coed Managers Jean q rankenberry Frances Lloyd, Julia Marlin
Cjemrc H F Saxton Accounts Manager W
Rcirestiitid for national advertising by National Advertisinr Service Inc College Piiblislitrs Kepresentatives 420 Madison Avt New Vork N Y
Staff For This Issue
Issue Editor Hadley Ua) Editor Kan sdell
Nialit I ditor Wolf bportb I ditor Ktekr
Keporterb P A Ihibir E M Hollind D E Buts 1 J Vogh J W Iitinoy W H lyson J T Kimbrtll C I So K irpick K W Krngci S A Watson
NOW SHOWING ■DOUBLE FEATURE-
The picture that will set the nation laughing! Hilarious Snuffy Smith and his slow burning Sarge will have you taffin' your Punkin-Haid off!
By BILLY DE BECK BUD DUHCAN EDGAR KENHEDY SARAH PADDEN
1MANPOWER
with ALAN HALE • FRANK McHUGH
: with Francis X. BUKHMAN ; Clara Kimball YOUNG )im lEFFRIES
SLASHING TO THE VERY PEAK ADVENTURE and THRILLS!
THI
ALEXANDRE DUMAS'. AMAZING ADVENTURE ROMANCE
CORSICAN BROFHERS
STARRING
DOUGLAS FAIRBANKS... wjh ruth WARRICK,* AKIM TA^IROFF
UIRnSSTV Starts TODAY— -~y-
Phillips Trackmen Pace
^Boifc j^nieger Cd^ch'Claude Reeck’s Boilwrestling team con~ 1^4#-tbelie^ march aloKgr vie^ icfi*y l6ne when' they scored a decisive 21 to 3 triumph over |h^„ scarlet and . gray-clad OTi^t>plers Irpwi Ohio Statfe jiiepre’a large ©r0\^diin the Meldhou^ yesterday dftemooh. i ' Victory over the Buckeyes, ifhi<ih Wtts the third straight for the Biveter matmeu, was ije'culiar hirlthtit not a singlb fall was hy either squad. The Boilers^ept thrca|gh the first six hoUts •^itKVUt a setback and appear- ^ to 6d oil^ their Way to a shutout tiridlnph until Bradfield of the Buckly^ea dccdunted for his team’s' only <p]^&ey Carries On ’> IVfickty MacDonald started things dff hy gaining a 4 to 0 decision over l^elletiring. Captain Casey Prederftsks kejptjhis undefeated record intact When he scored a 9 to 5 win oyer HCck in a hard-fought match. Mark„Matovina then continued the Sample set by his victorious predecessors and defeated his opponent by fin 8 to 2 margin. Tough Bout ' In the 145 pound class, Boilermaker Bob Britt racked up a 17 to Victorjr over Satora of OMo State. This boUt started out at an extremeijr lively pace, with the leferee erawUhg around the mat in an effort to award the points. As the l|ard-jfought struggle continued, Britt'^'hig lead began to melt when he tired. At the conclusion, both piatmen lay sprawled out on the
Sundays Febwary 8/1942
By Ted Clark, Associate Sports Editor Chicago Fieldhouse, Chicago, Feb. 7.—^Taking nine out of a possible 12 events the l^ilermaker track team swept to a 6440 victory over Chicago'tTnitl©rsity in th© Midway Fieldhouse here this afternoon and thtls opened tl^ indoor season for
both schools.
The lads who take their pointers from Hermon PhilKps and Homet Allen annexed triumphs in tvto field events and all of the races except the mile run,' Whaeh tvas won by Ray Randall in the not too impressive time Of 4:28.5* The latter time was good enough considering it was the fir&t competition this year ^ ' .1 ' > for all cQucerned, but Phillips and
_ . Alien,',' Captain Burt Anthony and
canvas, completely exhausted. Jim everyone else ventured the opinion
Paratore Mlowed with an 8 to 1 fj-ack surface was very breezed to an easy victory over their traditional rivals the victory, an te iveteis e y a , ^^cli more ao than our Hoosiers from Indiana University. The issue was never in
'‘T the 16ff1)ound class, Velmer t^^ hi^h ^um^ and^ol? vauu!
Davis gained a 7 to 2 triumph over Burt Misses Record 6^® won in the new varsity record time of 3:07. A capacity Stanischi of the Buckeyes. It was ' Captain Anthony negotiated the Crowd was on hand to watch the mermen pour it on until the
at this point that the crowd got a quarter-mile in the very respectable finnl CGUnfrstOOd at 61-23.
big laugh when Davis rolled up on6 of 60,9 seconds and verbally edge of the mat and proceeded to itfcked himself in the seat of the ' '
deposit some saliva on Piggy Lam}- trousers because the Boilermaker INfotlCC bert’t precious hardwood. ' record for that distance is only one- / Buckeye’s Score tenth of a second lower. This Sat- The fraternity “A” basketball
Mermen Romp
To Eqsy Viefory Over lU Yesterday afternoon the Boilermaker swimming team
«It may seem like gloating over a victory, but the truth of the matter is that the score might have been a little higher. Dick Papenguth did not send out his strongest possible com-
With his team trailing by an 18 urday the trackmen will again so- championship game between Sigma biuation against the foe, but preferto 3 count, Bradfield of Ohio scored journ to the Windy City^—^this time Chi and Phi Delta Theta will be give some of the other men a 10 to 6 win over Warren Evistop. for a triangular meet with Chicago flayed befdrethc tioxthwestern Big chauce to show their wares. " Frank Ruggieri, the Boilermaker Wisconsin, so it appears that 10 game on Monday starting at 6:1-5 o^e First Place to Visitors heavyweight, then wound up the Anthony may shatter the existing on court 4. ^he
match by defeating Novak by a mark then. —
score of 16 to 7
, „ , visitors and that was in the 200 Cliarhe Duessler in the two mile truly great runner. Kemp won the stroke. Frankhn of In- „ j 1-.— rr au. ooa —— ggQ ^rith a buxst of Speed in the last - -
and Don Kemp in the 880 ydrd run
MacDonald (P) turned in creditable performances 20 yards and spurted from third Riveter representatives, Ed
Siimmaiy: 121 lb. class
ovei' Kcllebring (OS) decision. also, but if there was a “stay per- plnce to split the tape in the lead. 128 lb. class — Fredericks (P) formei'” for the affbrnoon it would His time was 2:00.8. over Bock (OS) decision. be Gene Kron who won the 70 yard Indeed, Don’s speed came as a 136 lb. clfiss —Matoviha (P) over high and low hurdles. Gene turned surpi’ise to no one, but, standing up
diana swam a good race to beat out
PINE BAR GRILL 'Parties — Our Speicaify ; ^0 Columbia
Jones (OS) decision. 145 lb. class — Britt Satora (OS) decision.
155 lb. class — Paratore (P) over
Comunale (OS) decision.
165 lb. class — Davis (P) over
Stanischi (OS) decision.
175 lb. class — Bradfield (OS) over Eviston (P) decision. Heavyweight class — Ruggieri (P) over Novak (OS) decision.
in a very good :8.4 for the “lows.” the finish line. Coach Phillips (P) over That time, incidentally, is just four- grinned, thoughtfully rubbed his
tenths of a second from the world indoor record set in the Boilermaker Fieldhouse last March by Illinois speedster Don Olsen. The occasion was the running of the 35th annual
Big Ten indoor meet.
Appleton’s Finish Commendable
Valentine’s Day Satnrday, Febrnary 14th , fSend a box of delicious Schrafft’.s, Bunte’s, Gobelin’s Valentine candy. Girls why not send a box of Valentine candy to your friends in the Service —It will be appreciated. We wrap and mail free of charge in first or second zone. —Valentine Cards for Everyone— UNIVERSITV BOOK STORE
Tingley and George Soderling. Curly Andei’son, Joe Williamson and Captain Dick Kratzer, were the men that composed the medley team that broke the vaisity record. This trio along with Coach Dick Papenguth had their sights set on the record for some ^ime, and they finally accomplished their goal yesterday. They fell a little short of the mark last week against Michigan State, but this week they -were real-
ly in high gear.
First Place Winners
Jim Krueck came through with a win m the 220 for the second week in a row to demonstrate that he is
chin and must have pondered about making the lad a sprinter, for Don
certainly turned it on.
Anything Can Happen—And Did Each track meet seems to have its freak incidents and the Maroon meet was not devoid of these
Woody Appleton must be extend- “flukes.” Freak item number one: ed an orchid for his determined fin^ Chicago swept the high jump with a ish in the gruelling, dog-trotting 16 triple tie for first place ... the laps of the two mile run. Appleton/ <^"‘ly event that saw one team bat
failed to place, but stayed with the 1-000 and take the full nine points. ^ . pack all of the way t^ the tape. The Screwy item number two: In the leady for any Big Ten competition common case of “shm-splmts” on 60 yard dash the staiter’s pistol that happens to come his way. Freclthc right logNvas the thing that failed to “pop” after it had been dy Heir shifted from his specialty, hampered and discomfited Woody fired. The entries started, paused, the fifty yard free style, to the hunand made it painful for him to run. looked back and continued running, ^red yard free style and annexed a
Woody collapsed at the finish. They even failed to hear the two Don Kemp, conscientious cross shots that were fired afterward, country man, is showing steady im- which indicated a false stait. The provement and only needs a little time yas mediocre—;6.6.
It would be unfair for this interested bystander to chronicle the account of the Maroon meet without paying tribute to every Purdue man, but then, that would be quite impossible so it IS fitting to say in passing that individuals merge to
make a unit great
story.
The Question-—What To Do With A Lead Ohio State did it last week and Iowa almost did it tonight. In both of those games the Boilermakers went into the dressing room at halftime with a very comfortable lead, and then failed to take advantage-of it in the second period. Instead of holding the ball until it is worked in for a good shot, tho Boilermakers throw it wildly like they were 10 points behind. We doubt if they worked the ball in for over a couple of under the basket shots all evening. Those are the shots that really count—the ones yow earn by working the ball in. It Was A Nice First Half The Boilermakers were playing the best brand of ball they have shown since early season in the first half, but in the second reverted to a type of independent ball handling play that has been their downfall in the past few games. *' Defensively the squad deserves a lot of praise—that is in all departments except rebounds. Iowa has averaged 49 points per game until tonight, and if it hadn’t been for one nifty pivot man, Milt KuM, they wouldn’t have had over 30 tonight. - - Conrad, Polk, Lawson Look Good Little Johnny Conrad was putting out all he had last night, and it was enough to give the Hawkeyes plenty of worries. Rudy Lawson and Cecil Polk were also in there fighting all the wayThe Boilermakers still aren’t putting out the type of ball it takes to stay in the first division this season. Iowa has a good ball club, but last night Purdue should have been able to top them by at least 1© points. The rest of the season is going to be very sad unless wo get doWn to brass tacks and start playing a little real Purdue basketball—and forget all the frills and fancies that make the game interesting but not successful. We’ve got a great team at Purdue this year—but t»o haven’t seen it in action yet. Maybe it’s a Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde affair. All we’ve seen so far is the weaker side. Wrestlers and Swimmers Win With Ease Some wrestlers from Ohio State and some swimmers from dear ole Indiana really got it in the neck yesterday afternoon. The Boilermaker teams won by two of the highest scoies we’ve ever seen agaiust Big Ten opposition. Keep your eye on these two Boilei maker teams the rest of the season.
more poise and confidence to be a
Goody's Fine Shoes Goodwin's Shoe Store
In The Village
302 State
£jacL iksL BOSSUNC
SHOE REPIIR
22] State St. West Lafayette
first place in that event. Vein Hansel took a first place in the 440 yard free style with a peifoimance that sliced several seconds from his pre-
vious week’s elfoit.
Champs Here Next Week
Next Saturday at 8 p. m. the Riveteis will face the Michigan team at the Fieldhouse pool. The Wolverines have dominated the collegiate swimming picture for the last ten
that’s the years, and will bung the usual gal-
axy of stars to oppose the Boilermakex team. In spite of the presence of stars such as Skinner and the Sharmet bi others in the Michigan lineup, next week’s meet should be a most interesting one to watch.
:f Hays Jewelry Co. 131 North Fourth St. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Price 4-f 4- »♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ v
I know he’ll be on time ... That’s one reason I like him so well . . . He always calls for me in a YELLOW CAB
— RATES —
] Passenger
35c
Passengers
50c
3 ]Passengers
75c
4 Passengers
... $1.00
Phone 5023
0. U., Delt Keglers Reach Final Round In Bowling Tourney By Sheldon Watson Quite a popular spot on the campus light now is the Union bowling alleys. Maybe it’a the ^E 12 influence, or maybe it’s a spoit that IS light up the student’s alley. At any late the crowd at the bowling alley yesterday afternoon resembled the last minute registration ciowd at the Armoiy. Everyone and his brothel was there and the 1.00 of the 3.93 ratio was well represented. Tourney Attracts Crowd The major attraction was the semi-finals of the interefraternity bowling tournament. Other disinterested spectators tried to bowl, but gave up when the glanced wearily at the forty names ahead of them. Four Compete ' Alleys six to nine were spaced off to accommodate the kegler stars of the four remaining frats. These four that have stood the test and have mowed down opponents one by one are: Delta Upsilon, playing Alpha Tail Omego, and Beta Theta
Pi bowling against Delta Tau Delta. Game One In the first game, the Delts all lolled consistent games, Adamson’s 176 was their best. Christensen’s 181 helped the Beta cause. On the other alleys, Starek of the D. U. house was scorching the timber with his 246, which was high fox the afternoon. The A. T. 0.% meanwhil^ looked on helplessly. Game Two Second game results picked up a little except on the D. U. team. The Beta’s with the help of McCarty’s 187, boosted their first game total of 722 to 755. The Delfs did like? wise coming from 749 to 836. Kendrick rolled a 244 in this sfanza for the Delt’s. A. T. O. hopes raised slightly as they came fxQip 796 to 800, A 196 by Burkholder helped. Although Starek continued Jlis splintering drive with a 215, the D. U.’s dropped from 915 to 866 in the second game. Finale Spectators were tense as the last game came up. The D. U.’s dropped again, to 795 this time. Willis camb through with an even 200. Total scoie fox' the P. U.’s was 2576, whie^ gave them a victory over the A. T. O.’s who dropped 2424 pins. The Beta’s 2360 total fell slightly short of the Delt’s 24U)7. - »'
NEED THIS EXTRA THOROUGH CLEANING... You may never bowl 300, but for a perfect score in attractiveness remember this—our extra thorough Sanitone dry cleaning gently removes soil, perspiration, and film. It brings out color and revives matted texture because it cleans to the heart of the fabric fiber. Call us today. Piompt service. AMERICAN LAUNDRY 132 Northwestern Ave. PHONE 7278
io ^JUL . . . Sern/ce IS something more than attention something more than earnestness something more than salesmanship ScVl'icC IS thoughtful j i< ' kindly / human and not a mere impulse to aOtomatiC action Service means feeling Sincerity initiative Service is the givmg of something which cannot be Rtg- ■■ chased We all know that our happiest mQmqrdtL are when we forget self in useful effort . - ancj so, accordingly • We know that the best way to help ourselves is to be of real helpful SERVICE to others
Working Toward the Goal of Unexcelled Service to 'item
AhPurdue Exponent
-i f '*“*^ “"^ i.H Sunday, February 8, 194^
r«a
University Calendar February 8-14, 1942
Sunday, February 8 10 30 A M —Rthjriou'^ Convot ilion — Re\ Albeit Bucknoi Coe 3 00 P M —WRH Open House 6 30 PM —Alphn Xi Delta Initi ition 7 30 PM —Sciivener Club 8 00 P M —Rice Relations ‘Suud iv Monday, February 9 9 00 A M—Fust Aid 10 00 AM—Rotaij 4 H Leadeis Ti ainnip: School
II ill of Music
PH
R oiiis :>-’2 314 Union Room 261 Union Vi cst Faculty I ounKO Union Room :)05 Union E (SL W Faculty Lounge Union Rooms 355 363 South Ballioom Union
12 00 noon—Rotaij 4 H Leadeis
Luncheon
12 00 noon—Faim Buieau School 4 00 P M —Committee on State of
Univei Sit'S
5 30 P M—Rotaiy 4 H Leadeis
Banquet
5 30 P M —Fai m Buieau School
7 30 P M —Folk Dancing
7 30 P M —Basketball — Noi thcvestei n Fieldhouse 8 00 P M —Reaniei Club r- Room 304 Union
Tuesday, February 10
8 30 A M—Rotaiy 4 H Leadeis
Noith Ballioom Union
Room 263 Union
South Ballroom Union Noith Ballroom Union
Towei Union
9 00 A M - 9 30 A M - 12 00 noon12 00 noon4 15 PM7 30 P M - 7 30 P M7 30 P M - 7 30 P M - 7 30 P M —
Training School ■First Aid -Rotaij 4 H Leadeis Rotaiy 4 H Leadeis Indiana Faim Buieau Confeience Exponent Meeting ■Purdue Daily Club Chiistian Science Oi ganization Student Ait Guild — Little Convo Intel Varsity Chiistian Fellcwship American Phaimaceutical
Society
F <L W Faculty Lounge
Union
Room 305 Union Room 355 363 Union South Ball! oom Union Noith Ballioom Union Room 304 Union Smith Hall Room 303 Union Hall of Music Room 261 Union Room 311 Phaimacy
Bldg
Both B illiooms Union
8 00 PM—Univeisity Club Round 1 All Campus Dis
cussion Contest
Wednesday, February 1 1 9 00 AM—Fust Aid Room 305 Union 10 00 AM—Supt of State Institutions Room 263 Union 7 00 PM—PI A Dance Class Noith Ballioom Union 7 00 PM—Maiiiage Couise Reception Rooms Union Thursday, February 12 Abiaham Lincoln s Biithdaj
3 00 P M — 6 45 P M — 7 00 P M — 7 15 PM — 7 30 P M — 7 30 P M — 7 30 P M — 7 30 P M — 7 30 P M —
9 00 A M - 4 00 P M - 4 30 P M - 7 30 P M - 0 00 P M - 8 00 A M - 4 00 P M - 7 30 P M - 8 00 P M - 8 30 P M - 9 00 P M - 9 00 P M ■
Scieen Review Wintei Course Society Animal Science Foium ■Riding Club -Cameia Club ■Chiistian Student Fellow ship ■EntomolOf,^ Society Meeting ■Gioup Mecti i; toi Jis —■ Cainegie 111 Steel Co p Wiestling—Indiini Unn Friday February 13 Indi ina Chestei M hite Sm me Bicedei s A sr Sale -Fii^t Vid IVai Lcctu e —Piolcssoi C B Mill phi
Hill of Music Assembly Rm Ag Hall Union Building Rodin 305 Union Room 304 Union Pnom 307 Unn n Roc n 10 At Hall Rcon 214 MF B1 N 1 icl h lusc
luuliu 1 um I ot 1 05 L in
H ill ol VIii 1C
-Cobinopolitan Club Meeting R lo n 104 Union
-Mixed Recieation -Intel Fiateinitj Ball Saturday February 14 -Fie^hman Lecture -Valentine Tea Dance -Concocation—Piul Robes son Conceit -S'Wimming Meet—Michigar -Puidue Chiistian Foun dation Paity -Sigma Pi Alpha Chi Rho Pi Kappa Alpha Dance
-Mixei
Mcnioi lal Gj mn isium Lotn Billiooms Union II ill of Miicie
WRII
Boilermakers Nip... (Continued fiom Page 1) pointeis foi the home boys The lowans then lan the score up to 9-2 in nothing flat, a feat which they duplicated too many tunes duiing the couise of the game for any body s comfoit Sprowl and Menke then brought up the score to 6 9 and Com ad made one out of two from the flee thiow line on a foul by Siegal It was at this point that the hiewoiks started with a technical foul called on Blanken foi speaking loughly to the referee Fiom then on foi the fest of the second half, the Hawkeyes bagged 6 points and the Boileimakeis 22 Hawkeyes Gam At this point •yiith ten minutes re niaming the Boilermakei basketeeis pulled then offense out of the ice box wheie they had seemingly had it for safe keeping and began to lun the scoie up to 44 33, wheie fin ally 'With about five minutes of play ing time left they had the game all sewed up In that five minutes the Hawkeyes broke thiough a stall game to gainer H points while the Riveteis weie busily making the night livable with that one all im poitant tally on a free thiow by Blanken 'which meant a confeience victoij Merry Go Round (Continued fiom page 2)
plimentaiy — I might say par tial — to the Navy The figuies lesembled naval offi ceis I knew that would meet with voui heaitj appioval chuckled Gieen who also gave the Piesident a $10 500 check from the AFL in tei national union foi the Biithday Balls Infantile Paialysis fund 111 addition to giving the Presi dent a birthday cake Gieen per formed another good deed during his White House visit He loaned Sidney Hillman, war labor chief a dollar Hillman was waiting to see the Piesident in an outei office when Gieen ariived with the cake Theie was an Infantile Paialysis Fund wishing well on a neai by desk and Bug Gen ‘Pa Watson the Piesi dent s militai y aide lost no time in isking the calleis foi a donation Green followed suit but all Hillman had was a $10 bill He st irted to donate the ten spot but Watson stopped him explain in„ that oiih one doll ii donations weie accepted Gi ecu came to the le^cuc by lend Ills, Hillman i doll ii bill Note In as they might photo iiphcis couldn t get thieeveu cll Jill My up the little giil who posed with the Piesident ind the Clio to smile Fin illy the Piesi dent told the lens hounds 111 bet you fellows wouldn t smile eithei if you weie thiee \c iis old ind some one w IS shooting those flash bulbs at you Weary Skeleton An old fiiend of the Piesident
dropping in for a call, remarked that he must find it Very ti*yin& to be eonfined so closely to the White House by the piessure of wai matters Roosevelt grinned and replied by relating this stoiy Two skeletons weie hanging in a doctor's closet Finally, one of them with a sigh, lemaiked, “I’m suie tned of hanging around heie”
Freshman Handbdoks from 4 toi G p m any
Offio
day bt the Activities Bureau
McKIRNAN
and Government
Union Worlurs the Brows ine Hi
Personnel Notes
Companies Scheduled to Visit the Campus— Union Switch and Signal Com pany, Swissvale Pa Feb 9 Swift and Company Chicago III Febiuaiy 10 Standaid Oil Comp uiy Whiting Indiana, Febiuaiy 10 Shell Oil Company Tulsa Okla Febiuaiy 10 John Deeie Tiaetoi Co Watei loo, lowi Feb 11 and 12 Babcock and Wilcox New Yoik N y Fcbruaiy 11 International Haivestei Co Chi tago. 111 Febiuaiy 11 and 12 Allegheny Ludluni Steel Coip Biackeniidge Pa Febiuaiy 11 Airciaft Radio Laboi itoiy Wright Field, Dayton Ohio Feb luary 12 and 13 Cainegie Illinois Steel Coip Chicago 111 Febiuaiy 12 and 13 U S MaiineCoipb Indi inapolis Ind, Febiuaiy 13 and 14 Pi Kappa Phi social frateiiiity announces the recent pledging of the folic wing men Paul E Bohm South Ben I Thomas R Blown I oit Mayne Sprague L Chapin Wilmette 111 Grafton Houston Gieen Bay Mis James A King Buelianan Mieli Richaid B Rvdin Cliieigc Don ild B Shaw, Paik RidM 111 J ilph Skogh, Chicago Ho\ aid Vi i Vil kehburg, Chicago, Ii ink ( Wise Noith Canton, 0
II ill ol Music
rieldhouse
DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK
"Mcmoinl Gymnasium
DR HAROLD J — DENTISTS
RISK
Noith Ballioom Union
400 404 Schultz
Bldg
South Billioom Union
4th and Mam St
Lafayalfe
Lovely PARTI Cl
can stay lovely for many wearings if you send them to a dependable cleaners The big dances are coming soon Be ready for many glamorous evenings
PRICES
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Adding Machines nil makea sold rented repaired and purchased Mimeograph woik done C J Lbershoff 606 Main, Lafayette Phone 2779 Lost Large tourquoise and silver Indian ring in Union Saturday night Call Ruth Frier 75161 Lost Phi Sigma Kappa fraternity pin Finder please call 8002 Reward E hvin L Kaipick For Rent Single room for boys New house 608 Allen St corner of Stadium and Northwestern Inquire after 6pm 76911 Lost Gold Waltham watch two weeks ago Call Simpson 3301 for reward Rooms One single and one double Close to campus Pi ice reason ible 322 Wo t Lutz Ave
Notices
Union Workers Short meeting at 4 1 p m Monday 1 cb ) in room 304 foi the following, people on the Model AirpHnc Committee Katterjohn Siekler Hazard Hatnnicl ^princer Shoemaker Gorgan Beaulieu Yost E Sm th Demp'* icy —DAYIBi — fV> Kappa Delta Pi jJi Oavi w 11 speak at an open mcetinp- T i sdiy Feb 10 at 1 p m in r om Zi ^ of the Union
HAYS
Scrivener No meeting, tonipht 1 cl 8 ^ RIEGLE Alpha Lambda Delta Imiortint moot np Tic lav Feb 10 n Room 23G in the Un ion Please be there —MacDONAI D Christian Science Orpaniration Ropilar meet nt, at 7 30 p m Tui^sday Ftb 10 in room 303 of the Un on —I OCKWOOD Reamer Club Tickets are available in my off cc Cet them between 4 and < j m —RUFFN^^R C F 41 (Hydraulics) An examination to 11 move C an ! 1 pradts will be h Id in r m hZ Hi ivil n Hill on Satuidav UUrn on P b 11 Permission to take the exam nation m st be obLuned from the urd r i^ned It lor Wednt day Feb 11 GUI VE New Freshman Students You may oltiin
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
History, Economics and uovernmem Make Ups Exapiinatioh for removal of con^ ditions and incompletes m History Econ omics and Government Will he held Satur day Feb 14 nt 1 p m in Room 118 of the Recitation Building Application should be
made before Friday Feb 13
—ESTEY
All EE Seniors A fifteen minute pc nod must be scheduled for sometlmo Tues day Feb 10 to meet with representatives of the personnel department Details will be given Friday Feb 6 Make your ap pointmontfl before noon Monday Feb 9 —SOUTHMAYD ME 30 Make-Up exams Examinations to remove C and 1 grades in ME 30 will be given Saturday March 14 at 1 p m in room 101 of the ME building Please notify me if interested -^GEIGER Exponent Freshmen See notice posted on bulletin bojid as soon ns possible
—RUPPNER
Westminster Girls Club Meeting Tuesday Feb 10 nt 5 30 p m at Mrs Findley s home 129 Shcetz St —VIRTUE Skull and Crescent Important meeting Wednesday Feb 11 at 7 SO p m Pinal plans for Cotillion will bo made Room will be announced later —MENKE Alpha Zeta Meeting of vital importance Tuesday Feb 10 in lOom 306 of the Un ion at 7 30 p m If unable to attend please
notify an officer
—SWAIM
Reamer Club Regular meeting post poned till Tuesday Feb 10 because of the
basketball game —RUPFNER
Sociology Students Pi of Theodore K Noss will be unable to meet his classes on Monday and Tuesday Feb 9 and 10
—NOSS
Student Union There will be a meeting of the game Room md Bowling Alley Committee Monday Peb 9 at 4 16 Will the following please report Hiller Woolery Msitin Stallingei M ner Senour Stiver Lively Snvdcr R I>cwis Burket and
Brooks
—WEBER.^ Union Preshmen and Sophomores There will be a muting of the Music Room Com mittce Tuesday Peb 10 at 6 00 p m in the Un on office Will the following fresh man and sophomore woikeis please bo there Re Iw nC Duffin Lloy I R idolph Skillmnn Robin Pink Middour Lubey Julius 1 ish u and Murphy —SEEBURGER Union Workers There will be a meeting of the fta Dante Committee Monday Feb at 4 16 n m in the Union office The followirg people me on my committee Goodmate StambaiLh I ingrv Vail illiek M nefee Buimer Warre Hayever Busby Ch pman McDonald Plea n bo there' —bSUSTER
Following members of
, „ loom Comifilttee please meet In Boom 306 Monday Peb 9, at 4 16 p m Nelson Holden, Wooling 'year Spriggs Statfotd Dyer Richardson Sammon Funk houser Cummings and Porter —WEBER Phi Lambda Upsilpn Short but impor tant business meeting Thursday Peb 12 at 4 p m in room 320 of the Chemistry Building —BRANNER
Militant AdvancedConnie AtlliilcUMj There will be an importattt xntetlna i^f iffl Advanced Course Apwitafits dn the Artnonr floor Wednesday Feb 11
Exponent Editorial Jnnittrst lilMtltig IWedf day Peb 9 at 4 16 p m. In the Extldiieht offiee Don t bother to come If you d«n« 41
• •
• •
We sincerely appreciate your good will which makes it possible for us to know and serve you better. Southworth’s Employees "7/ IS a tradition to shop at Sonthtvorth's*
308-10 STATe ST. WEST LAFAYETTE, IND.
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Qualify BAKERY
DEAC SAYS: LEST YOU FORGET—A Vedentine lor " your girl or mother. We have Whitman s Famous Candy in Beautiful heart shaped boxes for her. We wrap, pack and ship any place and pay the postage for the first zone. H. G. REISNER BOOK STORE
VE YO
—Your fraternity or sorority pin, your watch, scarf, or something else of importance? Save DOLLARS by paying only 25c MINIMUM for a CLASSIFIED AD in the Exponent. You’ll SAVE money here! The first day is 2c a word and the days after are Ic a word. Keep This In Mind Students!
V ?<
1 I
4 I
"It I ^ A- ,
il (