EDITOR DISCUSSES IngersolTs Speech On Soviet Russia
Established 1889
Volume 53, No. 194
West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, May 24, 1942
t Reserve Corps Offers , New Deferment Plan Plans have been formulated for the voluntary enlistment of male.students in the Enlisted Reserve Corps of the Army. Any j student who enlists under this plan will not be subject to induction for active military service prior to graduation provided he does not leave school, does not graduate with his class, or fails to meet the prescribed 1
qualifying educational level. The Enlisted Reserve is Ijeing organized for students in
^ order to insure a future source ^ of qualified officer candidates
fof the armed forces. It is maintained under the National Defense Act as a body of partially trained
'»* * men, who have special qualifications,
and who arc eligible to call for active military service by the President or Secretary of War. The War Department believes that under present conditions a substantial number of students would lemain in college, but, in case the necessity
^ of war demands, the Seci'etaiy of
War may call members of the Enlisted Reserve to active duty at any time. It is now contemplated that
^ students who sign up for the plan
' will not be called to duty before graduation except for failure to maintain /'the required scholastic
w level.
Students Must Take Exam All students who enlist in the Enlisted Reserve Corps will be required )> to take a qualifying education examination befoi e the end of the second school year; juniors and seniors are eligible under this plan and physical examination by the navy
St. Louis Sinfonietta, GIaz OEM Will Film
To Present Concert Sunday
Lumpkin Tells Of Opportunities In Coast Guard Sfudents May Apply In Personnel Office
Approximately 50 juniors and seniors heard Ensign H. II. Lumpkin in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering building last Friday at 4 p. m. explain the opportunities and advancements offered by the United States Coast Guard and the United States Merchant Marine. Because of the rapid rate at which ships are being built, men with electrical, mechanical, or marine engineering training are needed des-
perately to care for them.
Many Have Applied
Applications may be signed in the Personnel Office in the Executive building. Already a large number of upperclassmen have applied and have been given their
'Little Symphony' To Play In Music Hall At 3 P. M. For Third Summer Convocation
The St. Louis Sinfonietta
the Office of Emergency Management located in New York will be on the campus this week from tomorrow until Friday to film the various University projects connected with the nation’s war ef-
fort.
This visit by the OEM is part of their nationwide tour of colleges and universities which are playing a prominent role in turning out officers and en-
gineers and carrying on research connected with war pro-
duction.
2 Men Already Here
Last week the OEM eameraa were operating at the University of West Virginia, and already two of their agents, Francis B. Lyon and Alden Stevens, have traveled westward to make advance arrangements for the filming to
take place here this week.
Some of the phases of University work to be covered by the OEM staff cameras are: aeronautical engineering classes in action, the CAA program, PEM 12 classes, auto mechanics classes for girls, pistol practice by i^the coeds, the Naval group which will arrive next Thursday, and the ROTC in action on next Thursday's Corps Day. Research projects which have a direct connection with war work will
also be filmed.
Senior Day
Baseball Players Must Sign Soon Senate, War Council Will Select Lineup Recommendations for positions on the senior baseball team for the senior-faculty game on Senior Day, Saturday, June 6, should be made as soon as possible the senior board of the Student Senate recommend-
ed last night.
No Requisites For Positions Requisites, as far as physical capabilities, scholastic achievement and personality, for position on the
a special time will be prescribed for their examination. This examination will cover only those subjects that are required of an officer candidate for the Army and which are normally completed before the start of the junior year in college. Students in the Enlisted Reserve Coips who pass the examination will continue their normal college edur.se. Students who fail will be ordered to active duty in an enlisted status at the end of the term for which they took the examination provide they have no valid reason
for deferment.
Qualifications Listed In order to be eligible for membership in the Enlisted Reserve (See RESERVES, page 4) Danforth To Speak At Ag Staff Meeting
Lecturer Will Discuss Post-War Problems W. IT. Danforth, foundet and chairman of the board of the Ralston Purina Company, will speak tomoiTow at the monthly luncheon of the University agricultui'al staff on “A.spects of Post-War Social Problems.” Danfortb is a lecturer, world traveler, author and church worker. Holds Many Po.sitions At the present time he is a director of several banks and insurance companies; a member of the Corporation of Washington Univer.sity; a trustee of Berea College and Iberia Junioi' College; and the president of the American Youth Poun<lation as well as the Danfoi th Foundation. The purpose of the American Youth Foundation is the develop-
doctors who accompanied Ensign Lumpkin. Third Assistant Engineer will be the rating of the candidate after the successful completion of three months’ basic training. The basic training includes one month’s practical work at Hoffman Island in New Yoik Harbor and two months’ instruction at sea. After the requiicd examinations are passed at the end of this time, the pay increases to a maximum of approximately $500 for a third assistant
engineer.
Opportunitie.s After War Ensign Lumpkin pointed out that due to the building up of the merchant marine after the wai', the jobs applied for now will not end with the war, but are permanent. Advancements may be made' after becoming a third assistant engi7ieer, and with the rapid expansion of the Merchant Marine, these ativaneements at present are ,rapid. The candidates must be of good juoral character, at least 19 yeai'S of age, a citizen of the United States, and physically sound; however, the applicant is not I'cquiied to meet the stringent physical I'equii'cment of the othei' branches of
service.
University To Hold Cattle Forum
j . . ^ , T . r-,. , j .11 , ■ team are nil. Any member of the Hertha Glaz and the sixteen piece Saint Louis Sinfonietta will present a program of concert ^senior class may recommend him-
miisic next Sunday afternoon at 3 in the Music Hall. This concert; which will be the third in self or anr other members of the Film To Be Released In July the series of summer convocations, will feature sixteen hand picked artists—musicians from senior class for a berth on the De- These films will then be edited the St. Louis Symphony under the direction of Paul Schreiber and the young Viennese con- member class of ’42’s ball club. along with those from the other coLtralto, Hertha Glaz, as soloist. > ,• selections of the starting leges and universities visited iJy This “little symphony” got its start back in 1987 w.hen Paul Schreiber conceived the idea jointly by the seniori^ard^of'the correlatedpic-
V 1 ^ . n , 1 . jomwy oy tne senioi ooaia oi tne tonal review of the part taken by
ot creating a small body of players which would have all the refinements ot the string quar- Senate and the War Council, which the nation’s schools in this war wfll — tet, but which would also inn represent the senior class. A team be released nationally in July or
elude many of the color combi- selected at the same August. ,. i- 4-L, 4? 11 • j time. The team will elect its own
nations ot the tull-sized sym-
phony orchestra.
The conductor, who is himf B.'vvi B sBwiii I self a member of the St. Louis Headed by Lt. Commander K. H. Nonweiler, a ship’s com- Symphony Orchestra, then pany arrived at the University Friday afternoon and estab- chose sixteen musicians from
lished quarters “aboard ship” in Cary Hall West. The Univer- this symphony for their mas-
Next Friday
p, an( er.'lhir
the foundation opei'ates a leader.4hip camp on the shores of Lake Michi-
gan.
Awards Fellowships Each year the Danfoi th Foundation solecLs between thirty-five and forty agricultural students in their junior year, and thirty-live girls from the home economics division from thirty-five universities for summer business fellowships. Those fellowships last for four weeks, the first two weeks being spent in St. Louis, at the home office of the Ralston Purina Company, and the last two weeks at the American Youth Foundation Leadership Training Camp in Michigan.
Faculty Notice The regular monthly meeting of the Faculty will be held on Monday, May 25, at 4 p.m., in Eliza Fowjer Hall. •A full attendance is expected. Edward C. Elliott, President
Ilf addition to the features already scheduled for the University summer session, a cattle forum is being planned for the Indiana Cattle Feeders meeting which is to be held next Fidday at the University Faim, it was announced today. “1 Fed Cattle In World War I” J. Calvin Thornburg, president of the state association, announced that the forum will be composed of E. E. Hurst of Monrovia, Allen Smokei' of Goshen, Bi other Leo of Notie Dame and several othei feeders who have been in the business for many years. The topic to be discussed is “I Fed Cattle in Woild War One.” The all day meeting will get under way with the inspection of 70 head of Hereford steers that have been on winter-spring feeding tests at the University. Results of these tests, wifich wei'e designed largely to determine the value of sargo and silage when fed in combination with cotton seed meal and soybean oil meat, will be reported by Pi of. F. G. King, head of the University’s animal husbandry department. Thorne To Speak G. B. Thorne, of Wilson and Company, packers, will take a prominent place in the meeting when he will discuss the general meat and beef situation. Thorne was formerly associated with the Department of Agriculture.
sity wa.s officially commi.ssioned as a naval training .station following the arrival of Commander Nonweiler. Officers quarLers.^were established in Cary Hall, followed by duty assignments for the ship’s company, and by yesterdtiy morning, operations were pro-
ceeding as normal.
Two hundred seamen, coming from all parts of the country, will arrive on the campus next Thursday morning as the first group to be assigned her'c from Great Lakes Naval Training station and another coastal training center. The sailors will receive Hi weeks training heie as naval elec-
ti icians.
200 To Come Every Month Additional gioups of 200 each will arrive at the Univei.sity the first of each month until the full quota of 800 men is reached. The first group will begin classwork at 8 o’clock, Monday morning, June 1. These seamen wifi receive instruction in electrical theory, mathematics, electrical laboiatoiy, tool laboratory, and wiling laboratoiy. Class schedules will include 28 hours of leetui'e and laboratory work, Monday through Thursday, with examinations on Fi iday. After completing their 16 weeks training here, the men wifi be assigned to duty as radiomen, electi icians, and machinists mates in vaiious branches of the Navy. 45 Instructors 'I’o Come Included in the piesent ship’s company aie a Chief Boatswain Mate, Chief Yeoman, Coxwain, Chief Stoiekeeper, Storekeeper, first class, and Storekeeper, thiid class. Additional officers to come will bi ing the total to appi oximately nine, while the total of the administrative company wifi eventually reach approximately 45. Tomorrow moi ning, a Chief Pharmaci.st’s Mate, Phaimacist’s Mate, first class. Pharmacist’s Mate, second class, and two hospital apjirenfices, fir.st class, will arrive. This wifi be the opening company of the sick bay, which wifi be housed in Cary Hall Annex.
tei'y of their respective instruments and their artistic contribution to the
perfection of the ensemble. Although this group is one of the
few of its kind in the country, it is no new idea in the world of music. It had its beginning in the 18th century, when a group of players under the direction of .loscph Haydn jjlnycd in the chamber of Prince Es-
tei hazy.
The instrumentation of the present Sinfonietta is much like its pre-
captain.
No Rules Or Regulations Recommendations are to be made before next Saturday and should be deposited in the Exponent news box at the west desk of the Union. Selection of the team will be made the first part of the week of the
game.
Since there are no rules or regulations hampering the “all-out” sportsmanship of the game, no practice sessions will be held by the senior squad, but meetings will be held during the week for brassknuckle fittings, spike sharpening and bean ball practice by the pitch-
ing staff.
Mackey Coaches Faculty
On the other side “Red” Mackey
Union Announce
New Soph Membeis
Of Committees Deuster Introduces Executives At Meeting At the Student Union ‘ callouts
held last Wednesday for sopho-* mores and transfer students, Ralph Deuster, president of the Union, gave a short talk after which he introduced L. M. Vallely, the manager of the Union building. Vallely re-
_ viewed briefly the history of the decessor, and includes instruments gong of muscle-builders are Student Union and the Union build-
Prof. W. L. Ayres . . . head of the mathematics department, was elected leceiitly to a three year term on the Board of Trustees of the American Rose Society at their annual meeting in Knoxville, Tennessee, where he spoke on the “Comparison of patented varieties with oldei. hybi id tea roses.”
Civilian defense and the fireman’s part in maintaining it wifi be tht; theme of the ninth annual Indiana Fire School which wifi be held at the University June 11 and 12, it was revealed recently by W. A. Knapp, assi.stant dean of the En-
gineering Schools. Variety Of Topics
As a coopei'ative project between lire engineei ing extension depai'tment of the Univeisity, the International Fite Fighters’ Association and seveial state fire associations, the school will deal with such topics as training for auxiliary firemen, the air wairlen and his duties, liandling incendiary bombs, bomb damage and the fireman, first aid under" blackout conditions and equipment pioblems duiiirg the
war.
Among the speakers scheduled for .the two-day school ar'c: J. L. Lingo, director of the Univer'sity public safety institute; Phillip Soneson, assistant irrofessor in the Civil Engineer'ing School; Captain Kenneth Kline, industrial protection division of the University public safety institute; Clarence A. Jackson, director of the Indiana Civilian Defense Council and officials of fire departments both in and out of the state. First Aid Demonstrations Exhibits and demonstrations will be featurpd on both days of the school. One of these special features wifi be the first aid demonstrations given by Chief Sol Trainer and his junior fiie department fi'om Se-
bring, Ohio.
fiom all of the priiiciiral sections of a major symphony orchestia. String Section Included The Sinfonietta includes a string section made up of first and second violins, a viola, cello and a bass; a woodwind section composed of a flute, clarinet, oboe and bassoon; and a group corairosed of a ti’umpet, French horn, trombone and percussion. Hertha Glaz, who is the featured soloist with the gioup, has sung in as many as 800 opeia porforirrances in one season. Miss Glaz was born in Vienna and attended the State Academy of Music in that city. She made her debut at the age of eighteen at the State Oper'a in Breslau and following this she traveled for a year through Austria, Sweden, (See SINFONIETTA, page 4)
rounding up a team to represent the faculty. The faculty’s selections will be announced on the same day as the senior club’s selection. E. C. Elliott To Speak At National Planning Conference Tuesday President E. C. Elliott and several University staff members will attend the national conference on planning which starts in Indianapolis tomorrow and continues
through Wednesday.
A number of leaders in the state will appear on the program to take part in the discussions which will include such topics as current housing problems, stream pollution, park improvement, industrial location and aviation development. Governor Henry F. Schricker will be one of the state leaders appear-
ing, pointing out the students'
work in the Union.
New Committee Members The work of each committee was then explained and the new members for each group announced as follows; Personnel: Will Hiller and Mary K. Gee, juniors-in-chatge; Dick Clearwater, Pat Huber, Peg|^ Clark, Dorothy Dittmann, JNeu Driscoll, Dick Watkins, and Hillard. Publicity: Ruth Frier and Gene Katterjohn, juniors-in-ebarge; Paul Blakly, George Slater, George Quick, Jane M. Schutt, Bill Dvorak* T. H. Coffing and D. K. Smith. Puttering Shop; Dale Kiester, junior-in-charge; Dick Collister. Bill Collins, Barrett Billica, Fred Lloyd, Bill Wilson, Shirley Cohen and Charles F. May. Recreation: Cort Nelson and Betty Hutchins, juniors-in-charge; Cibi Blade, thur Shapario, Clayton Woodwar^ Nedra Ann Pierce, C. B. Noeltin^, Jack Wright, Jim Stallings. Purman Heads Camera Coramitiee Camera: Bill Purman, jqnior-ut-
Fii'st meeting of the University Radio Club for the present semester will be held in room 5 of the EE building at 7;.30 p. m. on Wednes-
day.
The main speaker for the evening wifi be Harry Evans of the state police station WROR. One of the special features Evans wifi discuss wifi be the irew fi’equencymodulated units that are being installed at the present time in the
state police cars.
Code Clas.se.s To Be Held
At this meeting arrangements will be made for code practice
ing and Frederick A. Delano, uncle charge; Roy Beyer, R. S. Martm,
of President Roosevelt and head of the National Resources Planning Board, wifi be one of the principal
speakers.
Elliott To Extend Greetings President Elliott will extend greetings from the Hoosier state on Tuesday evening and Wednesday morning he will appear again to discuss “County Land-Use Planning for Better Agriculture.” Prof. George E. Lommel of the School of Civil Engineering, is chairman of the State PlanningBoard and will preside over part
Mel Guthrie, Emma Santini, Wolfing, Marshall Bush and .Jim Flanagen. Defense: Ted Chaptoan and Marion Sieger, juniors-in-charge; Jack Teeter, Wally Ellifrit, Bob Stallings, Ruth Levin, Anita Gluck, and Clayton Pingry. Mtlslc Room: Ginny Lee MacDonald, junior - in - charge; Kathleen Gannon, John Lippert, Louis Caldaretli, Jeanne Fountaine, Marrio PaRlif-
rulo, and Bob Senour. Dr. W. A, Kerr
who recently completed hls
, , . of the conference. Dean Harry J. ... v.v,u.uwv«« « classes. All those who are inter- Reed of the school of agriculture, a work for a doctorate in the diviaie ested 111 learning the code or in- member of the state planning of Education and Applied Psycholl. creasing their speed are asked to board, as well as T. R. Johnston, ogy, will assume his duties as 4imake this fact known at the meet- director of the University Publicity rector of Personnel Research with iiTg". The code practice class sched- Office, have been actively engaged RCA on June 1. For the past ule will depend on the interest in making plans for the conference, he has held an appointment tO » shown at the meeting. Many local citizens plan to at- University Research FoundatiQlt meeting refreshments tend the conference, especially on Fellowship and under this appuitit-
aid in thOf development of military ol ice^ cream and soda pop will be the last day when problems of the nient has developed a group
Hoosier state will he discussed. of measuring home envuroomi^.
Howard Henderson . . . ’42, has accepted a position with the ^Cui'tiss-Wright Corporation at St. Louis in the Engineering Department. In his new job, he wifi
airplanes.
served.I 1
► *,}*<
A, ^ ' ‘lu
r* ® , 'j
^x^pnent
Offices Ediforlal aiid Business, Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 spd^, RdMiteUsh, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m, 5377
Bdttor-in Chief _ MeWs UastnciM Manager Cirriilalion Manager i>oe^ FOilor
John F Amos Don T Brophr John H Armstrong Hohett L Hartley William D Millard Ken K Gjemre Alice ChatOeld
Pubti'cation Staff
Associate Editors Gditorial Staff R W Bo winkle D E BuU W G Hoskina, A P Hunter D W Ochiltree W E Rafert Sports Staff D, E Brewer 1 S Daw on t i Knrpick Coed SUff Sail Beall Charlotte Ha Jea i Lauer
Business Staff
Coed Business Manager Julia Martin Advertiaihg Managersi J M Wright D D Johnson Circulation Manager G H Klouman Accounts Manager Trena Torrertga Janior toed Managers Ellen Clark Jane Kelm.
Staff For This Issue Night Editor Buts Issue Editor Freymen Day Fditor Lauer Sports Editor Dawson Reporters Murplij Vegh S iipnoski
Entered as second daks matter at the post office in I^afay ette Indiana under the act of ( ongress of March 3 1879 and rt( die special rate of postage provided for in section 1103 act of Oitober 3 191" authorized Januarv 20 1922 Published on Wedne^ay tridav and Sunday mornings during the sum titpr seniestcr and daiH except Monda\ during the fall 'y'd winWl' semester*' Delivered locally by Carrier f r J>1 25 f r summer semester mailed sub criptions SI jO , ,, ,, Represented for national advertising by National Advertis tng hervice Inc I r Peg 1 hlishers Repusenlalives 420 Madison Ave New York N Y
Glee Club .. .
The Men’s Glee Club of Purdue University has carved anothei notch in the conductoi’s baton The organization has been chosen as one of eight finalists in the national collegiate glee club contest to be held at Carnegie Hall, New Yoik liom May 29 to 31 This honoi which has come to Puidue leflects additional ciedit on Albeit P Stewait, the musical maestro of the campus Before he ariived the students were engaged chiefly in planting corn, ifnfkiilg cows and building up and tearing down motois and doing all sorts of engineering choies There was little place for music beyond the customaiy campus “barber shop ” Ml Stewait’s ability and persistence have developed a fine singing organization of which f indue students afid friends are justly proud —Indianapolis Star
Extinct?
What happened to the people who said that we wouldn’t be able to get any cxeicise in a one hour PE 12 class‘d
SsAvksL SthipsA.
Lieut. Carl L. Hansing navigation otheei ol the U S Aimy bomber command in Austialia and foimei University &tn dent has been missing in action since Apiil 21 ic coiding to a telegiam leceived by his wile Doiotby Scott Hansing and his paients Mi and Mis C J Hansing of Elkhait Indiini He IS the fii^t Flkhait officci listed is a wai cas ualtv
Capt. William H. Bloss ol ntai Muncie Andeison native and Univei sity ,,iadiutc was killed in a leai end collision ol his aimy jeep ivith a tiuck nc u Nashville Tennessee, May U)
Lieut. John E. Craig of Indianapolis who v is a student at the Uni vfisitv toi three veais 1934 17 is included in this yeai s graduating cl \ss it West Point
Women
Petei Lionel Hamburger, Stanford umverfiily sfudt nt has petitioned to ehange his la&t p trne to Hai bury because Hamlnii gei is “GeiI^naii 1)1 ongjii and difiicult lu pionounei ’’
iJndfi iKW leg Illations evfiv jieison enter inj. Uie giouruls ol Unitid States Militaiy acadfmy ettn s]Ketatois at ioothall games, \.ii1 hf ifquued 1o show a speeial pass •
Pri tty Kaj Ah rnathv of Dallas, Texas, had a big season sfumg fust as Texas relay (ut(n th( n as Di ake 1 ela^ queen
fl Pi of Karl Sax of Hai Vaid’s botany delartment has hi waj all fat, flabby, potKHied” unnersity professois will take com}Ulsoiy physical training
Greek government m exile reports the Uni\(isity of Athens has been elosed foi an indefinite period because ol serious student disturbances
in
1 ^
,r Mi A, /a 4 <#
Exponent Editorial ‘Page
%VI«SIIIKT1|)M MEMT-do-iaaM)
The New Russia...
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Alien Women Soldi6r$ Cart'f HaVd Babies Because Of Rules Laid Down By Army Corps
Bon B. Dragstrem 1 I 2'i has 1( n comm lined i lifutemnl in the United Slates N i\ q Ptscivi Iitut Dia„sliimha Itin ipiwii tt ginetr with thf Iiidlanajiolis l^owci ind light ( fmpany ioi 11 ycar'^ fit was toimtih with TMUR & & Company of MilViaiil PC and tin Indian i ( tn lal Set vice Company of Miiiicit
'-lephens ( ollegc Columbia, Mo , has compleftd plmi> foi a special aviation caprse for
WASHINGTON May 23 —WAAC the Women s Auxiliaiy Coips is t6o new to havp many haid and fast rules but there is one Mcmbhis cannot have a baby ^ Genevieve Foibes Heiiick able executive assist ant and press relations chief to ' General” OvGto Culp Hobb^ firmly declared that^'acts of God’ will not be iccognized and piegnancy will autonyii4g;?llv lesult in dischaige from the Coips WAAC IS leceiving hundieds of lettei s tclegi ams and telephone calls fiom women desning to enlist but Mis Heiiick emphasized that no leciuits will he enlisted until 450 officci s have been ti lined—piobib 1> in three months Officers will be selected in the vaiious Aimy Coips ueas Any womm between the ages ol 21 and 46 may apply at in Ai mj icciuiting station Tlie Aimy will select the officeis Most applicants so fii aie fi om the highci inOome gioups—Junioi League D A R etc But WAAC hopes to diaw its peisonnel both officeis ind enlist ecs fiom a wide social and economic lange • Byrd Shares SpaciouB Nest Foi two dajs this week Senator Ifaif^ F Byid led a slashing Senate ittack to halve ill funds foi the Faun Secuiity Administi ation which aids tenants and little faimeis The bittei att lek got nowheiO The Senate slipped Byid down by the oveiwhelnfiing vote ot 18 to 10 This was no new expeiience loi the millionaiie Viiginia ipple giowei Although Ircquently Tcbufled, Byid continues to J e thi No 1 Clamoiei loi Econ omy—except when it comes to eeitain pOisonal mat tei s Foi at tire voiy time he was laising a gieat coon omy hullabaloo against Faim Stcinity Byrd wis allowing a wealthy ptison il hund to use ^.ovtinment pioperty fiee ol ehaige * As chairman of the Senate Rules committee Byrd in effect is custodian ol llu Sen itc Office Building He assigns offiti space and runs llu idministiativt affairs ol the vast marble sli uetiire In this eapaeiti Byrd has permitted a Iriend who IS not a member ol the Sen ite to occupy without cost a spatious suite and to enjoy ill the preretiuisilts ol a senator, including free telephones, stationeij tlee tiieity tvpewnttm^ liirmlurt gai ige sp let etc This favored Iriend is e\ Senatoi John G Town send of Delaware like B>id a wealthy liiiit glower and another loud economv advot ite Townsend w is deJeatod loi ic election in 1910 Put (njo\ing Byadlil e economy le has continued to oc cupy a laige sen itoi lal office sii cc caily 1941 mil to use it to tiansact politic il and oil ci business as ch an m an ot the Republican Campaign Committee All this has not set well with sevei il sen itois p u ticululy the two Dclawaie Dcmoci its Sci atois J mes H Hughes and J imcs M Tunnell Fii ally Tun iicll went to Byid and decliicd blunth This man is not i inembei ot the Senate and he It’S no light to i i ce office fo: his piivitc ict viL es II should be len oved withiit dtli\ But Sen itoi piitisUd Pyid I tint do th it You must undtist uad mv position Mi Townsen! is in old ml aeiy de ii liiend ol mine Note —In cuffing Bj rd on the I arm Seeuiitv issue the Senate also gave the boot to his close buddy Sen ator Kenneth MtKtilai ot Tennessee who while one of the mosC^ctne pitronage giabbeis in (ongress piibliel} IS an etonoma thumpei MeKellir w is Byid s righthand lieutenant in the I S V li„ht 9 Lewis Due For Big jolt J hn I I cw IS may get i sin pii c i lit it the Uniti d Vine Woilii Policy Committee meeting he c illc 1 Announce 1 pin pose of tl c pew wow is to toi siclci mniei v ic ition nm p ly pioblcms but the icil ica son IS to pioMclc Icwi w th the ti ippiiigs to vent hi spleen on Phil Mini ly mil the CIO lewis pi ms to oil t Min lay is United Mnici \icc picsident mil with dr iw the UMVi 1 om the CIO As the Pol c\ C mnniltee is mile up laigely of hand picked lewis henchmen hi is vnLuilly ciitini tl hive his way But the fi„hL miy ret li is om led IS he expects Mull ly (oices h ivi tw > hnclhits up thin kivi tl it lie sine to t uise noisy ixplo ion Om 1 i (k m m I th it lewis levcal h w many 1 i ivcs h( h m (11 union piy tolls nul the tot il lewi 1 n ily tile li in tl i nice Accodmi t i e lent Washm,^ton l\Iet y C o R in 1 ceiapulilim nn immliiis ol till 1 (wi ilm di uv imrti Him ‘’HhffdOfi n nil illy J i ( m i loi I umis I he oliiei liomhsiuil is i tli marui (or a lomplete Mpoil on liie opii idons ol IHVIW Dislritl 70 wliuli 1 i ivis h IS hit u using (oi Ol > aiii/iiig sorlits i 1(0 igt 1 (ulluii (1 in poilition munition and oHui Ity m diisliits 1( isihiigtd IliU ID Ni« Voik Distiiit 70 i„tuls havt httnsitie(l\ plaMin li ill wKli ( In isti in I I onl t It nit nt Itwis Ills ntvii tlistloseil any inloimilion on (he txitnl ol Ins ntiioliMti and (lu iitiVilits ol Disliief >0 whuh lu lilies with iii iron lisl tliiOiigli his tiaugh III K ttinyn whom he ippoinltd (o (lu V7 700 a yeai posi a-i sieritaiv litisniti ol (lu iiinon Demands (I i1 lu 111 llu full itporls on holh matins in suit to thaw iin tiom him • Coa&f Guardi May Gef Boosf 1 h U S ( t I 1 (,u 11 I A 1(1 my it N( w 1 (1 1 1 (an I di( 1 1 II mil di eivtd j it 1 tlu 1 ul n II ( J n tl Cl inn g u )i 11 (I (lu ( on), its ion il Po 11 I ( f Vi ltd Nliimbei 1 lodinnci I lion (( tlu Bond winch leenitly nispdtid tlu t( j n tth but little piibliei/ed St boo! will le th it its eonmi imimg (fficei mw i ciptim he ckyiltd to tie 1 ml ol Admn il I his would lutomitit illy put the Ac idemy (ii t(|ual loot ni V ith the N lyy s Annipolis The Bond of Visitois will point out th it the (01 t Ciiiid school Mchly desevts this honoi I ec uisi its tntiince Kriunemcnts ami ti uiinig stimlnd i stitf as those of the N iv il Ac 1 lemy Tht icport also will empha i/e th it unlike Aim apolis md M est Point no politic il ippointnu nts ue made to the Coast Guild Academy Lull mee is lim itid stiictly to competitive ex mini ition Ol appiox imatdy 2 200 applicants who will tiy loi tnti mee tl is Spiing only the top 170 will he chosen (( ipyiight 1942 by United Ft ituic Syndic ik Inc )
Personnel Notes VTIE Discusses
Industrial Training
ISipptisinl lodge Geno i C itv Wis—Women foi w ntiess po 1 turn foi tl i summei se i on Sign in Pel S( M 11 Olhtt by Moi d ly M ly
L S (ml Stiiut (ommis ion W i 1 ri toi D ( W mts n cii tcets ( im 11 th fe smiel Olhet Joi fu tl 11 inlo m itio 1
Activities Bureau Will Hold Callouts For Sophomores
C illout lot sophomoies nteiest td in woil ng on the Activities B 1 lean w 11 le hell We Ine d ly at 1 1 ) 111 I lom 7() ot the Union At this mectin Lcs Wcehll c di lectoi 7f the Bii lU will expliin the type ol woil that is done Ihe conmttec system unde which the woil 1 pel 1 Ol ne d w ill be c planed by a junioi m m i ci The senioi executive I 01s Thompson will ex plain the system use 1 to e\ lii it the woil clone by the Bin cm men 1 CIS Ihc Activities Buicau will cp ci ate only till ec (I ivs i weel diiim the summti t(im il the oph i moie will lot le i led to dc noie thin SIX horns ol well ach weel
NOW PLAYING
ARC
TODAY MONDAY /M.
s year m year s.we specaLlI " ffieir second ^ nit that s a honey” humor With twice the laughs ofa Dreaming ^Out Loud
STARRING BRIK 1 CABBOII (.INI ItIRMY — AND —
starring
Kfan BIONDELL
linnlkMIlNES Janet BLAIR A''^dLuMBiA ncture ,h. Robert BENeHLEY • Him Howard
ALSO
COL07 CARTOON
— TUfcS WED — M MLR! N V/U I I \M m "Secrets of the Lone Wolf" plus
DON BARRY in "Holt of the Secret Service"
LOVEcafehas I I up with—
in THE,
Bashfifil Baehelor
—Added— JylAR^lH OF TIME WHEN AfR raids STRIKE —ADMISSION—
Nighls md
Sunday
37c
Week Day
Matinees
2bc
Children
PLUS TAX
10c
Sunday, May 24, 1942
Last night we hearii Ralph IngeisOll, editor of New York’s youngdst daily, PM He addressed a nleetmg for Russian relief upon th(5 organisation of a “rOpl^nt the scorched eaith” plan Ingeifaoll interprOted Russians and Russia in a diffeient light fiom an J-one we’ve heaid before His speech was neither about the “dirty reds’’ norJihe “glorious communist who will save the world ’’ Ho talked of Russia as a land of young people who vere ihteiested ih blulding theli own coimtiy rather than m lefoiming the world He likened them to the Americans following oui 1 evolution who were stiongly isolationist and have lei^ained s6 foi 150 years He mentioned too that at the end of the last wai Russia was bainkrupt and so feudal and undeveloped that it was impossible to build even a geai anywheie in the countiy In the past 20 years Russia has been able to ^uild its industry to such an extent that last wintei it was able to withstand the gieatest militaiized and technically aimed country in the world This, with little 01 no help liom the outside woild Ingeisoll compared the Russians to the Amoiicaiis Both icople fi^till young and viiile enough to enioy living and not be bound by outwbin tiaditiOii In fact most of the men who contiol Russia are so young that they don’t even remcm bei the feivoi of newborn communism planning woild levolution Ihey are ymung enough too, to atill be fiercely proud ot th6ir nation and their ability to p'^rpetuate it Conirrte'nting on the effect of cohlmuiHsm in this countiy Ingeisoll feels that we have been exposed and that it has failed to take There is not and never has been a leal thieat of com miinist lovoliltion in this country because the people arc too cbntent with our present form of government While democlacy functions suceesslullv it will be impossible foi anothei theory to become established Ru‘-sia itself has successfully caused the discredit of our Amtricnh communist party The poor paity has had to change polity ovci so many things that it hds no respect left The few lemnants of the party whipped" up considoiable fill or recently demanding that Browder, communist leader be fieed This uas cleveily quashed by the president by re spondmg to then demands This “victoi y’’ backfired because it now leaves them without a cause to fight loi It also leaves Browder without citizenship for at least four years and pos sibly for longer The president could have pardoned him in stead oi meiely commuting his sentence and thereby returned his citizenship He could also have lesponded beloie Biowdei was ilmost up for iiaiole, but he didn t choose to
2 ^ IT-
W
“Well, we should’ve bought a vacuum cleanci ol our ownwhat with no one giv iii-, demonstiations anymoie ”
Eveiything for a (allege LfliKation DEAC’S
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
Arr ,s I n I He 1 So B 2J II e Tl plo 40
Vcstciiliv the lust meeting of the Vocvtioml Tndo xnd Indus tl I il Fducation seminai was held it the Univcisity At this meeting vinous phases of the tiaining oi inexpei lenccd peisonnel foi the v\ ii indU tilts WIS discussed by 1 ipiesent itivis of the Inlustiie.! Alts teichei eiiilovmcnt seivici mil NYA shop i iiti inttndent Thi A is the lust in i seiiis ol tkveii meetings w iih will Ic hell (veij SiLiidiy moinin„ The pin pose of the meetings is to aiiive it i moi e conciete plan toi the stiuction of joun^, men and v omen Mho ait just stiitin,, in the ii dus tiial held
SUN. - MON
LyUA
2 HITS
$10 000 REWARD IN LAUGHS AND GANGSTER THRILLS!
SttGVB rtSiSS*®., K,
,0*
ms UP! BOB S IN A LOVE BUBBLE THAT
BURSTS IN HIS FACE WHEN HIS FAVORITE BLONDE INVOLVES HIM IN A spy"PLOT!
EXTRA' SPECIAL' MENACE of the RISING SUN
kills TODAY-
p s D-i r '"uh! D k!- '
eJiS®
jXet
''RANK ILOYD Producfgns Inc presenfs
X.
*cu&etei(ULp
ITHE MAN BEHIND YOUR BACK)
Normon LLOYD Otto KRUGER Alan BAXTER Alma KRUGER Dorothy PETERSON ClemBEVANS
-Sfaris TODAY
MARS/ fn
U h
A
'' ^0)f 24f 1^2
ff 4 444
'ytfM
’’:?' *s-'
f.
-H
BoilermmI^0V
■■llin»inj|lg
Riveters Win
Irish Win State Track Meet, Riveters Fifth
/
Taking individual titles in 9 events, the well-balanced Notre Dame track squad won their third consecutive Indiana intercollegiate Conference championship in the 20th annual running of this meet yesterday afternoon in Ross-Ade Stadium Jim Dillon, the work|iorse Irish sprinter, accounted for 15 ot the Winners’* total 6f 70 points by pldcing first in the 100 yard the final event of the afteinoon m toh in addltioh to taking both fine time of 3 20 C Palwell, Ken it 1 1 j 1 1 dell, Kane and Pi ice composed the the high and low hurdles. „ f m 4. r.
Hoosiei foul some Notie Dame,
Indiana placed second be- Butlei and the Riveteis finished in
hind the Irish with a total of that oidhr
40 points — most of these The Boilei maker point total in gained ih the distance events But< eluded a third by Grimm in the pole third place honois with a team total '^^vlt, a fouith in the half mile by of 22 maikeis Ball State gained 9 Jentsch, a tie foi thud in the high to take fouith iflaee The Rivetei lump by Arnold, a thii d in the bioad squad minus tlje majoiity of Ihori ^odge and a fourth by potential point gctteis finished next ^vemp in the mile Dodge jumped With a measly 8 points DePauw, inches which was only Rose Poly and Eailham completed inch behind the winnei s leap the scoiing with 6, 5 and 3 points ^eait out foi thiee lespectively ^“^P® faltei in the last 200
Mitchell Breaks 2 Mile Record n ■ ,r n
1 Dillon lakes 15 Points
Eail Mitchell, slight Indiana soph
s
First; Lose Se^Q^^
Minnesota
ports Communique
By Bob Hadley
S
(Editoi’s Note—With the absence of the boss. Bob Hadley who was called out of town, the column is written today by Joe DaWson, associate
spoits editoi)
Hcie it IS Satuiday alieady and as yet no one knows when Dutch Pehiing’s baseball team will play the Gieat Lakes outfit Latest leports ate that the game will be lun off tithei this Tuesday afteinoon oi on Priday, June 6 Regal dless of when the eneountei Will take place, howevei, it
Game After Big Misselhorn Pitches 3-0 Shutout As Boilermakers Cop First Contest
To GopKei^ Captures Second
First Inning
came out on top m the series opener with the Minnesota-GopheiM by a
3-0 scoie
_ , Minnesota oulhit the Soiler* Six Minnesota runs in the first half of the first inning proved ^nakers iff hits to five, but fail«i
will bo held here on Ross Adc Pield giving Rivetei diamond fans an op- to be too big an obstacle for the Boilermaker nine to overcome to hit Misselhorn's slants With wen poitumty to sec what in leality is a maioi league squad in action Fehring COaChed nine went down to defeat by a 10-7 on base Big Ed had this game^eomThe Middles aitei a lathe. slow start in which they lost to Ohio ^ combination of hard hitting, fluke hits and an error to hum, for he has lost some
by Paul Petrich, the Riveter moundsman, brought about the ji pom*and c^big first frame. fidence of a big league veteran, Jerry Stewart wfflked to start the game Dick Warner then and seemed to put just a httle laid a bunt down the first base line. Paul Petrich raced over more on the ball whenever there
Universitj, Notre Dame ahd the Chicago National League club, have lilt on a winning combination which, in the opinion of the expeits, is one of the most potent aggregations in baseball today Pive major leagueis and three biilliant piospects who would have traveled far in th4 big time, head the powertul batting ordei which has main-
tained an amazing 9 8 runs per game average
Laigely instiumental in the Bluejackets mid May lecoveiy has been
to cover the ball, but juggled it
the long distance hitting of Don Padgett foimerly of the St Louis Cai- hurry to make a play. inning
dinals Just ask Tony Beito Wall Smith and the rest of the Riveteis who Alden Burkstrand followed ^ ® tl^' f wnciicvei mej iu»u lucu un the hardest hittei on the club is—you will piobably iememb6i that big Warner’s example and dropped ® ^ TT ^ Til, ^ ° I®*®® ^he upper hand all
Don poled out both a tuple and a home lun in the fiist meeting of the another bunt down the first ^
in^ Wltn
were any men on base Ed Master Of Situation
He made the Gopheis lift easy flies whenever they had na^n on
sinirle to iieht Walt Higley, the leadmg
R„ele.. .„<l the M,<kl,e, two weeks aso Johna, Lueatlello a fo, n,e. Sm,th'then“s,ngled and Htpp went to th.s season, a.. ,™,.n, .a. Mye.s dtove H,pp L.oss the <lown on stukes m his test Wo tmia
omoie distance man, piovidcd the leal thiill of the oitleinoon by beat ing Ollic Huntei of Notre Dame by some 25 yaids in the two mile lun Ills time ot 9 13 1 clipped three sec onds off the old lecoid set by Don Lish in 1917 Incident illy this was llu only lecoid bi caking pciloim
ance ol the meet
Jim Dillon with 15 points was high man foi the afteinoon 3he lush spiintei cielhioncd Alsbuiy, the defending champ liom Butlei in the centuiy in 10 seconds flat He also beat out the Bulldog ace in the low huidles Despite it all Alsbui y managed to gainci 10 points to the But
Ici total
llic real suipiisc ol the aitei noon
The mile lun which was expected ^hen Rumbley of Rost Poly,
io highlight the aftoi noon’s per a contestant who was enteied at the foimance tinned out to bo a bieeze lyei y last minute, beat such polished loi defending champ Campbell Kane poifoimeis as Muiphy and Hoaguc who won the event in 4 15 flat The qj Notie Dame in the high jump
smooth lunning Hoosici ace held with a jump ot 6 feet y> inches back until the touith lap when lu^ n, ttmijltlt, ^ immaiy is as follows jiut on his famous kick to beat out '^^1’,,^'“;' ’"".'irni
his teammate Paul Kcnd ill by moi
than 5 yuds Kano siuccsstully de Icmlcd his 880 yaid tilk 1 iLoi in
Ifu litcinoon
lioosiers Wirt Mile Relay
Indi ina’s one mile iclay toim
lunneis up m the Confeienco this idt vnim
yeai, satisfied the expcits by taking
Alsbuiy (H) « (
end Hole mb (D) thud I nj. (1) Join lb
1 IlUc u I i 8HU y u I n n
W T Iv Kino (1) n o (! ) (c u i K r dull (I) thirl Jinl cli (1 i f uiLh iin
1 ( 1
I wo milt mil
W n bv Mitohcll (1) Huntti (ND) see (111 Milofuv (ND) thill Deny (ND) i uth Timi ) IJ 1 (new si itc roeoid)
Won ly Wi It bin (ND) PoHoi (D) see oncl Giimm (P) thud Arnold (HS)
SCOBEE’S — All Kinds of Pliofogiaphio Siipjilies — fit'sh riFm and Film Pks — Try Our (}ualily Kodak rimshing — PROMPT SERVICE
Phono 234 {
105 Norlhwi sioin Aio.
JhiL ‘UniofL bwiisA, jpiu hj Apmd. ijsiuJL. hi&uJUL. MommiA, itv thsL .., MUSIC ROOM Enjoy its complete assortment of classical and semi-classical recordings. BROWSING ROOM A good book, comfortable chair, and pleasant atmosphere! PUHERING ROOM The ideal place to develop a hobby. You will enjoy all tlie other features too. JhsL fijUJlduSL TybmDiiaL lAnimt. Jus I take a walk through the building!
membei of the St Louis Biowns and a gieat clutch hittei is leading the
club at the plate with a neat 420 aveiage
II any Boilermakei fans miss the chance to see the Blue jackets, they can go to Monticello the 16th of June toi the third meeting ot the Riveteis and Mickej Cochiane’s outfit This game which was officially scheduled two days ago will be a Navy Relief Fund benefit Whether Fehring will have much ot a squad left by that time is still in doubt, but in any event he will thi ovV a fighting band of Boilermak-
eis at the high fljing Middies
Hats off to Laiiy LaBice and his fine bunch oi lacquetmen—Ray Luch, Dick Stcttnei, Ed Wells, Gus Aimstiong and Walt Dudzinski—foi then
showing in the state meet ovei the weekend Dick suipiised everyone by luns foi the Gopheis, Catcher Stu
advancing to the finals in the singles championship only to lose out to the gieat Notie Dame playei and defending champ, Paiks The slight, smooth stioknig Rivctci ace picssecl the lush veteian to the limit befoie admitting defeat Both doubles combinations peifoimed in inemoiable
style
With the bases loaded Johnny Plate with the fiist Riveter tally Feickeit singled between shoit and when he looped a single over second thud to diive two men across Bob Tony Beito walked to fill the bases
to the plate In the ninth inning Misselhorn leally turned on the heat after Don Ciassweller made fiist on the huilei’s error. He
Higley piovided the first out foi the Paul Petiich then did a little work
Gophers when he hit a hard line o" his own behalf when he came ^
centei field. Bob Riley made the
1,7 A,. T> A , X, , , A catch without difficulty and put the With Petiich on thud and no outs, , , - L, „ . , , ,, ,. clinchei on a win foi the Riveters.
The entiie team fielded wesfl throughout the game and helped
diive to shoitstop Bill Buighaidt Jack Langan walked to fill the bases Jeiiy Kolandei singled ovei second to bung in the thud and fouith
the next three battel s were unable to knock the ball out of the infield
Olson struck the big blow of the mn- The first two men hit haid ground- pitchei out of any bad spots
eis to thud, but each time the third baseman held the lunners in
ing when he looped a tuple down the light field line to diive in the last
two runs of the frame
The Boileimakeis went scoreless
V (ND) S l,ri (1) thn 1 1 U 1 UP J
louith Iltiklil- 1 H 2 in Ili^h lumi Q W n )y Kimll y (lUD Mniilv (ND) s(C(iul Hoik c (ND) Ml n (D) ii d Ai no]d (P) tied foi IIhhI Hci lit ( ft ZV
in
Sli t Put
Wi n 1 > Dll
i)i d Ct Ic ( HS) Dist incc IM ft
Discus lluow
W n b> Din \ (ND) S 1 in (!) see nd C 1 (BS) tl H M Spurn (1 b) Jiurth Distinc lo8 It 8* in
Bioad Jump
Wen ly Al I ly (B) Mils (I) sot lul Dodjjo (P) thill II ikuc (ND) i uUh Distant L 22 i t ()' in
lavthn throw
Wf n by Vic us (ND) Hoi,.,ul (NO) soc ind St(tt(F) thud lUicnr nj, (HS) fouith Distinct 18} ft in 120 y u 1 Hij.h H ii iUs Won Iv Dili n (ND) II ilc nl iD) cc ond Nich Ison (ND) tiui I Anlci on (I ) Ituilh rime 1 0
100 vir! Dish
W n by Dill n (ND) C 1 s( n (>10) sec ond Alsluiy (B) thud Pilucll (U 1 jurth
lime 10 0
J 10 yai 1 1) 1 h Won by R y (NO) luce (I) set i 1 R ij. by (B) thirl J lu (ND) louith line
1)2
220 >arl Dash Won hv (ih n (ND) fah 11 (T) ee ond Am Id tBS) third IB vt (I f ith lime ^ 1 One Milt Run Won hv K no (1) K rl II (1) s coni C nl ill (ND) till I K mp (I i i itth Jimt I n 0 H Milt R Won bv Indian i (I ilwtll Ketdill Kane T tie ) N Li Dm B 1! i P ilic lime
) (
Tennis Squad Takes Second In State Meet
he managed to get into In the first
^ „ , , , X, half of the fifth inning with two
position before he made his throw ^
to Einie Young made the last ^ beautiful baekout of the inning when he giounded Warner's lilte
out, pitchei to first
Gophers Score In Fourth
In the fiist half of the touith inn-
dnve ovei second This catch robbed the Gophers of a i un, as the ruTilier
, ^ , was underway foi the plate with
mg the Gopheis scoied two luns on
only one hit, but hat hit was Dick Wainei’s long tuple to light centei Jeiiy Stew ait came in fiom fiist on the long blow, and Wainei scoied
RICHMOND, Ind , May 23 — (Special to the Purdue Expo- when Tony Beito’s thiow on Biuknent)—Paced by hard-woi’kmg Dick Stettner who advanced stiand’s gioundei was too late to to the finals before being put out by Parks, defending singles catch him at the plate jSihamp from Notre Dame, Larry LaBree’s tennis squad took Gopheis scoied again m the ,, J.1 IJ.J. J. A fifth, and scoied then final lun when second place behind DePauw in the annual state court meet i .i-a i i a ua a here th., afternoon The Tig S t';: »”■< eis totaled 55 points to 46 for 6 3 to again mark himself as the and came home on Bob Higley’s
Hipp Makes Fielding Gejln In the fii st half of the sixth Carl
Hipp made a diving catch of ®ob Higley’s line diive to left He came in fast leaped foi the ball, aiwf tbCfn slid along his chest after making
the catch, but held onto the ball The Boilermakei s opened the
scoring in the last half of the see-
the Riveters The Irish ranked individual lacquetman m the single to left third with 32 markeis ^ t,, ^ r 1 Boilermakers Score , ,1 Euobles Team Go To Semi-finals In the meantime Dutch Fehring’s
otOttriGl lOOKGCl tllC ptXl t Ol £L iGcLI rrvi "o i i j i_i u.
^ The BoiiGimakGi doubiGS combi- men were woikina in an Gffoit to
ctomi, m cad, ol hia p.ch.„.„.,y „a,.on ot LucM and Well, wont to even th.nga op B.ll Buigh.idt was o„TherKoo'„'? S'irshoirSte matches and also hi& final meeting the semi finals befoie losing to the safe at fiist in the last halt of the ^ ^
with Paiks Aftei losing two haid- Ball State duo of Caimeichle and fifth when shoitstop Buikstiand
fought sets to the lush stiokei, Pcttei&on 7-5, 6 0
opened the inning by reaching first base on an eiioi by the shortstop. Didk Myeis foiced Smith at second, but beat the throw to first, Tony Beito, the next batter, drove
Dick Myers i cached second ahead of the shoitstop’s toss Ed Missel-
made a beautiful stop of Bill’s haid i,,„u a,.
G 2 and 6 3, Dick i allied to take the Anothei Rivetei combination of smash over second but pulled the S s j
thud 7 5 Paiks’ Ixpeiience and Stettnei and Aimstiong advanced fiist baseman off the bag with his
stamina howevei proved too much to the quaitel finals where they thiow foi the BoileimakeiXace and the lost to Gulich and Winklei of De-
Notie Dame lad tooklthe final set t’auw in a close thiee set match
EDGERTON HDWE., DNC.
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR LUTHER A RISK
HARDWARE—-PAiNtS and SUNDRIES
DR HAROLD J. RISK
FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT
— DENTISTS — 400-404 Schultz Bldg.
Phone 4354 We Deliver
4th and Mam St Lafayette
; ' . f -gr-;-
centei field foi the second out Burghardt Comes Through Myeis laced to third after tb^
Bill went to second when Walt ^ Leitfneit was hit by the pitchei, the stage was set foi BiD went to thud while Leilheit was Buighardt’s big blow Bill slammed being foiced at second on Young’s ^^^^side pitch into deep feftgioundei, and scoied when the Mm- field foi thiee bases, and the nesota shortstop booted Hipp’s haid biggest blow of the game Both rungioundei came home with what ffroved The last two Boileimakei tallies be the victoiy margin came aeioss in the last half of the Bob Riley scoied the last urn m sixth Tony Beito got things going the last half of the sixth after hd when he singled to light Aftei two heat out a bunt, stole second attd men weie out Buighaidt, Leifheit ..cored on Walt Smith’s single to*
and Young all singled to send the
1 uns aeioss the plate
Not Our Day
This just wasn’t the Riveteis gune to win Five of the Gopheis hits weie of the sciatth vaiiety, and the Rivetei eiiois weie the kind that hint The Gopheis turned in some fielding plays to pull in some of the haidcst Boileimakei diives A vei y small ciowd was on hand foi the game The atendance was piobably kept down bj, thieatemng weather, and the disinteiested atti
centei Smith was out tryiftg to make second on the thiow in. Boh Higley cut off the throw to the plate and thievv to second to cateh Smith Young Has Hard Luck El me Young did his best to sttp^ ply the big batting punch durmg the aitei noon, but his haid drives went into the fieldeis’ hands. H« w as 1 obbed ol a hit m the fifth inning when Jeiiy Kolandei made a falling catch ot Einie Young’s Ime diive and then thiew to second to
tude the student body has had with double the lunnei
Xoa know Ike slor^ of Axis “diclatorship”—the lesson is there for all to read: Schools and coUegeS closed—or tamed into breeding grounds for md hate. Freedom of speech—«er&ofen/ Freedom to choose your friends—verbotenl **. . • All you need to leam it to obeyV* Novr they would attempt to put the yoke on us—on It must not happen heret Whatever the cost, the Axis must be smashed. Your part, as a college student, is clear. You may not be behind a gun today, but you can help today to give qur soldiers, sailors, and marines the weapons they need for Victory. Put your dimes and dollars into fighting uniform notr by buying United States Savings Bonds and Stamps. You’ll help not only your country, but yourself—^because you are not asked to give your money, but to lend it. You can start buying Bonds by buying Savings Stamps for as little as 10 ceuts.1 Start buying today—and keep it upt " Save . . . and Save America with U. S. Savines BONDS ^STAMPS
Kgaid to the ioitunes of the base ball team Those that saw the game had a eh inee to see a little ol eveij thing in the baseball book Ed Misselhoifi was the mastet m all the tight spots Fi ulay atternoon, ind had the able assist nice oi
Noim Gallup pitched ja good game toi the visitois, but it just wasn’t his day He stiuck out eight of the Riveteis and walked only two Captain Jack Langan ot the Minnesota nine was Jthe top batter foi the Gophois with thie® hits in'
shoitstop Bill Buighaictt’h bit with tour times at bat Shoitstop Alden the lesidt that the Boilei makers (Continued on page 4)
SAV all your w.i'nter woolens!
Our armed forces need the country’s wool . . . new garments will have less wool, wfl cost more, the clothes von wore during the past wintei are more valuable than ever. Frolftt them ag.iinst dirt and moths during the summer bv using onr Sanitone eleaning sirvite. Di.ii 7278.
LAUNDRY
132 NorlUweslern Ave.* i ^ s ^ ^ |l/. 1 * ^ i f . ' * *\ ^ ^ , }. Purdue Exponent
Sunday9 May 24^ 194$
I f
Kt
llniversity Calendar Sumday, May 24
10:00 A.M.—Ind. State Conf. American » Federation of Musicians West Faculty Lounge, Union 12:00 noon Fedeiation of Musicians Dinnei East Faculty Lounge, Union 7‘30 PM.—Scnvenei Club Meeting Room 201, Union
Monday, May 25
12 00 noon Agi Staff Luncheon 4:15 P.M,—P 0 M M Foimal Pledging 6 00 P M —Alpha Zcta Banquet 8-00 PM—Reameis Meeting 8 00 PM —Alpha Zeta Meeting 8 00 P M —Kappa Delta Pi Banquet
West Faculty Lounge,
Union
Armoiy Room 334, Union Room 304, Union East Faculty Lounge,
Union
Old Chestnut Room,
Union
Tuesday, May 26
4 00 P M —Committee on State of
Univoisity
6 15 PM—A AU W Dinnoi
Room 203, Union West Faculty Lounge,
Union
7 30 P.M—Chiistian Science Oi ganization Room 303, Union 7.30 P M —Alpha Phi Omega Pledging Room 307, Union
Qn. Jhe, QhwudksA,
This Week-End In The Purdue Christian Foundation And The Lafayette Christian Church Sunday, at 9:15, leave for the Chinch building fiom 131 S. Giant. 9'30—Student Class The speakci ol the morning is Hubert Reynolds, student pastor of P C F The suhlect is: “Getting a New Stait in
Life ”
10'40—Chiucli Woiship Service The Rev Doyle Mullen, ministei of the Chuich, will pi each the seimon 5 00 (shaip), leave fiom 131 S Giant foi the Chuich bldg and loium piogiam 5 15—15 cent suppei. 6 00—Discussion on the subject, “Why Attend Chinch’” led by Doyle Mullen This snbiect begins a new series on “Chiistian Piinciples Woith Pledging To Follow ” Reel elation and woiship will close the piogiain piomptly at 7 30.
Reserves
Baseball
(Continued fiom page 1) Coips (Defeiied Plan) one must bo a bonafide student of the fieshman, sophomoie, junioi oi senioi class of an appioved college oi iiniveisity, a male citizen of the United States, 18 and not ovei 44 yeais ol age at the time to be called to active duty, have the necessaiy basic qualities foi becoming a commissioned officei and be lea'-onably physically fit Foi this seivice the eve lequiiement foi candidate goes as low as 20-200 collected to 20-40 and the teeth lequneinent is less iigid than services pieviouslv offeied. P.M.S. & T. Will Select Applicants Students who apply foi this type of tiaining will be selected toi acceptance by the P M S & T in conjunction with the school authoiities Piioiity loi selection will be based on scholastic lecoid Inloimation as to when applications will be accepted will be published as soon as known The applicant does not have to be cm oiled in the ROTC at the time of application; howevei, enlistment in the Enlisted Rcseive Coips will be made a pieiequisite to enioll■nent in the Advanced Com sc ROTC loi students who ate not aluady undei contiact 'To Report To Ollicers Schools Upon giaduation fiom the Univei ‘•il y, students w ho do not take the Advanced Couise ROTC will be oideied to active duty at the neaiest leplaceinent tiaining centei Upon “uccesstul completion ol the noimal basic tiaining, and il otheiwise lound qualified as an officei candidate they will be oideied to the piopei oflicei candidate schools Successlul giaduates of these schools aie commissioned as second lieutenants in the United States Ai my Sinfoniella (Continued fiom page 1) Czecho-Slovakia and Russia, pie '■enting conceits in each countiy. First Appeared In 1937 In 1937 she was heaid foi the til St time 111 this countiy when Otto Klempeiei bi ought hei heie to sing with the Los Angeles Philhai nioiiic Oichestia in a peifoimance of Mahlei's “Lied von dei Eide ” Then in 1939 Toscanini selected her as soloist toi a peitoimance ol Debussv’s “The Blessed Danio/el ” The piogiani toi the afteinoon
(Continued fiom page 3) Buikstiand had two loi toui to take lunnei-up honois. Fans Have A Time Dining the contest the Rivetei tans had a good time bating the visiting team, attei the visitois had disputed the umps’ decisions in a couple ol close plays The small ciowd made up in spiiit what they lacked in numbeis, and they all seemed to bo having a fine time watching the Riveteis administei the white wash blush Sumniai y PURDUE AB R H PO A E Buighaidt, ss 4 0 2 2 2 0 Leilheit, il 3 0 0 2 0 0 Young, 3b 3 0 0 0 2 0 Riley, cf 1 1 1 1 0 0 Hipp, 11 4 0 0 3 0 0 Smith, c ' 3 0 1 6 2 0 Myeis, 2b. 3 114 0 0 Beito, lb 2 1 0 9 0 0 Missclhoin, p 3 0 0 0 3 1
3’otals
29 3 5 27 0 1
Golla New Lease on Life!
Now We’ll Last for the Duration!
Noiiliweetern at Vine
Phone 40«l
University Presbjlenan Chiiiili North Street at Grant Slieet Siinclav, May 21 .John Findlej, pastoi and diiectoi oi the Westminstei
Foiindalioii.
Russell Shaw, assistant .(oaiine IJojd, organist Bill Moigan, chon director 0 30 a m—3’hc student class will continue it-, discussion ol “What We Aie Living Foi” undci the kadei«hip of Di G H Giavcs 10 10 am—Ml Findley will picach the moining siimon and his ■-ubjoct will be “Is God 'To Blame
loi the Wai
5 00 p m —The Sunday Evening Club w'lll meet in the chuich lounge and will hike to a neaiby picnicspot loi suppei and games Theie will be a 15 cent chaige to covei the cost ol the food Eveiyone is invited to attend
Purchasers of Dtons* Those who have not received their copies of the 1942 pcbris must henceforth repoit to Mr Bodden’s office in the Executive Building to receive their copies We warned you. —ADAMS Camp Minawanka Alumni: All those inteiested in the work of the American Youth Foundation Contact Dr. O'* H Graves, phone D642, before Monday, 4k 25 —GRAVES Berea College Alumni* Poimor students and otheis inteiested in Berea College Ktntucky, contact Dr G H Giaves, phone 31642, before Monday, May 25
—GRAVES
WAA Tennis Tournament: Singles touinament will be started Monday, May 25 Thiee practices are required befoie entrance into competition -r-WALKER Radio Club* Meeting Wednesday, M ly 27, at 7 30 p m in lOom 5 of the EE building Intdcsting spinkei'? Reficshmcnts -WESTNEAT All Scouts and Scouters: Alpha Phi Omega will hold open meeting iu9sday M ly 26 at 7 80 p m m room 307 infthe Union Piof Dan X)on Uyl will speak ^ An impoilant shoit active meeting to follow —WILBUR POMM: Formal pledging Mond ly Mnv 25 at 1 15 p m in the aimory Actives wtai wintei unilorm bloubcs and O D shirts pledges wen suits —JACKSON Freshman Camp Counselors* Anyone intciested in acting as a counseloi at the August fushman enmp should call oi git in touch with Dr Giav\.s (11612) Sdiilliol (55052) or Smger (8412)
-SINGIR
Metnlluraical Engineers* A IMF smok( i will hi held Wtdnesdi> M ly 27 at S p ni in tlu Wis«, r unity loungi ol tin Union Ml intiiestcd studi nt uc inviUd SCHAI LIOE To All Stmknls Will the poson who look Hr iddiiss ho)k nom Room 205 111 ivilon II ill pli isi icturn il 'Ihis book h IS lui (omnu u i il v iliu
OSBORN
Militiry Slndents Fast Novict Pisfol fnoup instiuition sluts luisdiv Juiu 2 Stndinl may sien up in thi sijppl\ looin immidiitcL I lu fit loi Dlls iniip \ ill h< filtv lints whu h in iv In dtdiKliil Jiom militirv (It posits BROWN
MINNESOTA AB R H PO A E Stewai t, cl 5 0 110 0 Warnei, 31i 5 0 0 0 2 2 Biuk^li cind, ss 4 0 2 2 ) 1 Fcickeit, 11 5 0 0 2 2 0 lliglO, 11) 4 0 1 7 0 0 Langan, 2b 403510 Kolandei, il 4 0 1110 Olson, c 4 0 18 10 Galliqi, p 2 0 1 0 3 0 xCiasswclloi 1 0 0 0 0 0 Totals .55 0 10 21 13 3 Runs liattcd in Buighaidt (2), Smith Sti Lick out by Misstdhoin (5), Gallup (8) Bases on balls, off Gallup (2) Double plays Kolandei to Langan Winning pitchei Misselhoin Losing pitchei Gallui)
convocation will include such compositions as “The Maiiiage ol Figaio,” by Mozait, “Tiaiime” by W igiu I , “Empeioi Waltz,” bv Sti auss, “liiti odaction and Allega o” by Ravel, .ind the aiia “Ombia mai lu” by Ilandcl, which will he sung 1)\ Miss Gla/ Doois Open At 2 15 The doois ol the Music Hall will bo ojicn at 2 15 p m and admission will be by student identification cauls, season tickets, oi single admission tickets pi iced at “jil 10 each, including tax Thcie will be no lescived seats and no advanced sale ot single admission tickets, which will be available at the Music Hall w he n the dooi s open
Pafronize Exponenf Advertisers
Mine s/irtprs pel lilitde end linn h heUei intes I villi llie SAFETY RAZOR BLADES that (ire ^‘HOLLOW cnovisD'’
KEENER—use only a feather-touch BLADES LAST LONGER > SEE THE CONCAVE HOLLOW GRQof^ Cut hairs and soap push back into groove—leaves cutting edge free
Indlow i>i(nind RAZOR BLADES 50 for $1 \ llllr S| 2, DOUBLE LDLE
A SEAR Ol I1APP\ SHAVES! Si.llili l„ III, 1,1 „l, II, ,|h Iloilo, r HMind loi I IIMI ‘.lining .1 11, ilioil- III Ml I ||||||||| • ooli, liovis onil iiiori ol lliini pi i liluili lioioiihi lidlliir Mioki ’ am,Mil, 1, lUsiM on iigis jnil luiU * Mokl mill llnil II 1,11,1 III, 1,1 , lull ,,,ir I’ulk ill <,1111.11 lit (loiihli til|,i kiililv 11/011 I iiImII, ' 111 II I no,, '
(faeB^
Gald Peppers: Picnic at 5 30 Tuesday, TVlav 2b, at the WAA cabin Bring money for bills —SIMONS Junior Military Students: If you* wish to enter the* 1B5 mm Howitzer Squad competition Cor the aummei term, turn in Iho robti r of your gun squad bv noon Mav 30, to Lt R F Vandiifoid at the aimory Rostei will consiat of two luniors and nine sophemoies VANDERFORD Skull and Crescent* There will bo a meeting of Skull and Crescent Wednesday, Mav 28 at 7 p m at the Union Room to be announced later —KING Undergraduate Dames: There will bo a Jugular businosb meeting Tuesday May 20 at 7 40 p m in room 306 of the Union All mcmbeis \rc mged to attend —CAIN Reamers There will bo a meeting Monday May 25 at 7 30 p m m the usualqoom in the Ubual building ind wc will as usual, expect to sec vou tbon —KNOTE Westminster Foundation* Th<ic will be a picnio in pi vre of the Suiuliy Evening Club Thobc paiticipating will meet in the church lounge at I) p ni Sundav May 24 and hike to i ncaiby pii nii spot Ihcic will bi a 15 cent chaigc to covci the tost of the incnic suppei Everyone is invited to attend
-inOMA
Union Music Room Committee: Meeting Mond i> May 25 at 1 1> p m in the Union olTuo Sophomores who aic to attend an Gannon Lippi it (‘'ildardli Foiintainc Fagliuulo, and Senoui MacDONALD Union Defense Committee* Meeting at 1 15 p m May 2n in loom 402 of the Union Sophomoiib who an to attend aic licter Lllifnt Levin GUuk Pingiy, and Stallings CHAPMAN AND SIGLER Union Camera Committee Meeting Mond ly Mn 25 it 1 15 pm in the Union of fiec Sophomiris wlio lu to ripoit iie HiMi Maitin Gulhue Sintiii Woobng Bush ind FI in igan -PURMAN Union Recreation Committee* Meeting Mond i\ M i> 2 ) il I 1 > p m in loom 405 oJ till Union Sopliomoiis who lu to .ilU nd uc Blade bharno Woodwud Pitiii Noeliing Wnght and T Stiliinus NEISON AND IIUlCHINS
All AirHeultur&l Students: Due to other anrangements WiUiatti Danforth wiU not be able to bp,eak at the open meeting originally scheduled for 8 pm ort Monday, May 25 Meeting has been called otF —DIESSLIN Union Publicity Committee: Meeting Monday, May 25, at 4 16 in loom 303 ov the Union Sophomores who are to attend arc Blakely Slater, Quick, Schutt, Dvorak, Coffing, and Smith —KATTERJOHN AND FRIER Union Puttering Shops Committee: Meeting Monday, Mn> 25, at 4 15 p m in the Union office Sophomores who aie to attend aic Collistci, Collins Billica, Lloyd Wilson, Cohen, and May - KIESTER S C A. Board Meeting Tuesday May 20, in S C A room nt 7 30 p m Please be on time - MOGRAVERO Registration Workers* Students who woikid foi the* Rcgistrai during icgistiation on May 1 nnd 5, 1912 may obtain their chicks bv calling at the Rogistr ir’s office
-STONE
All Miiilar} Students* Make-up examinations toi the icmoval of C ' gi ides in Militsrj I riming 2 1 and 6 will be given at 1 p ni Saturdiy June 6 in the Aimory All students havmt C giades in these eouists must rtporl to the Adjutant in the mam ofFici ot the Armoiy piior to 4 p m Iiidiv, M ly 2‘), foi dit.uled instructions , - RIORDAN 7oinvos Drill squad foi Coips Day dulls M ly 28 nnd June 2 will be chosen luesday Mt\ 26 at 1 p m No practice Monday May 25 —JACKSON Christian Science Organization Regular meeting 7 40 p m luisdaj Mav 26 in room 04 ot the Union bliort husincss meeting will lollow - lOCKWOOD Student Union Vicc-Prcuclents All viccpicsidmts mill in loom 407 Mondn> Mny 25 piompUi at t p m Bung pupti and peniil Attendipic is (ompulsoi> —GEE Alpha 7tta* All Alpha /eta members con1 ti ( hiidti^Id or Stalls some time Monday Mav 25 loi biniput tukits Banquet to be helil it 5 15 m m loom 4 44 of the Union
DIESSLIN
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Adding Machines, all mile** sold, rente^ repaired, c^nd purchased. Mimeograph wo^ done.'XJ. J Ebershoff, 606 Main,
Lafayette. Phone 2779-
Xjost: Cary Club pin with blue sapphirefli Rewaid Robert Siff Phone 8421.
GET KODAK FILM HERE Let us do the Developing Printing FOSTER'S CAMERA SHOP 411 Slate, Vi Kl 1 afuyelle
Union Per onncl (oinmittce Mciting Mondiv M IV 25 it 1 1 > p m in loom 401 (d tlu Union Siphomoifs who i i to al Imd 111 C i( MW it( 1 Hubi I f lur! Diltminn Diim«1! W Dkins ind Hillnd IIILI I R AND Gl L (iinilet Club Meeting Wediii‘'day M iv 27 it < 40 p m il Ih Pill K ippa Psi house New pleelges \ til be chosen so he theie I RASI R
PAUL'S PLACE BEEF STEAK — BEEF-BARB-Q HOME MADE CHILI PORK TENDERLOIN FURNAS ICE CREAM Phone 2645 216 W. Columbia Sf. We Deliver
W ehl La(a\et(c Bapfist (^huith Corner Columbia and Clidunce> Re\ . losciih Band (ilcason, Ministci and I’asto' o( Studenls 0 50 —Roqc'i Williams Club das'?. 16 55—CIuiicIt Woiship Scivice I’lii’ messano vill be Uivcn by Rev Gleason on “Wanted a Pentecost” Idle clioii ,vill sinu iindu I Ik diiec 111 n ol fill A 1' Pi k i 5 50 -Ro;,ci Williams ( liih b’e 1 lowshij) IIoui 6 00—Siippi 1 15 Cl Ills 6 50—Discus iinGiiiiip Mi I L Van Cami) will show inclines ol Canada <ind Indiana m coloi 7 ,0—'Ihc West Lalavctte llij;h School Baci alauuatc will be held at the Fust Methodist Ghiiich
LErS STAMP OirP'THE AXIS!
America must be first—on She fields of bailie, on tbc sea, and in tlie air. For Iliose of ns wbo are still at borne, wlietlier we are serving on defense projeels or iiol, our job is to share in onr govern men I. LETS STAMP OUT THE AXIS!
BUY
V
U. JJ- SAVIIGS BOMS and STAMPS
★★★★★★★★★★
"k ir ir