* .
m
Sittcm i90€
Vdlume 52« No. 93
-r7
West LofayeHe, lodiaiia
Suiidoy, Jcmiicary VU 1911
Riveters Clfp Strong Michigan Net Team, 41 -40
7500Wafch
Dr. Hobson Addresses Religious Convo Tough Battle
lie Of isolationism' Lecture Subject Of Traveling Minister
University Choir To Sing Several New Selections
Explaining “The Lie of Isolationism,” Dr. Henry W. Hobson, bishop of the southern Ohio diocese of the Protestant Episcopal church will take the pulpit at this morning’s Religious Convocation in the
Hall of Music at 10:30.
The University Choir of 260 voices will present several numbers on the program including. Olds'
Leaders Bow To Hitler's Iron Rule
Hitler And Cohorts Will Stop At Nothing; Nazis Want All Or None
Men During Week
other Big Ten Scores
Ohio Slate 46
Northwestern 40
Indiana 48 Illinois 38
Iowa 45 Wisconsin 40
Applications For Marriage Course Due Wednesday
“Glory to God on the Highest,” Ivanoff’s "Praise Ye in the Name of the Lord” and “Beautiful Savior,” arranged by Christiansen. Hobson’s Travelling Church Bishop Hobson has a brilliant record as a churchman, an educator, a soldier and a lecturer. To bring the word of God to people who are removed from regular churches, Dr. Hobson has a traveling church, St. Paul’s Wayside Church, which he uses to make preaching tours. Major In World War I During the first World War Dr. Hobson served a captain and adjutant of the 366th Infantry, 89th Division from August to December, 1917, and was a major in command of the Third Battalion from December to the end of the war. He was awarded the D. S. C. for bravery under fire in action on September 12, 1918. The convocation is open to students, the members of the faculty and townspeople, according to Dr. Laurence Hadley, chairman of the committee in charge of the program,
e.g.k.
Seniors desiring to take Mar. I (marriage course) next semester must submit their application on or before Wednesday, January 16, according to word received from H. E. Wilkening. The applications may be either sent by mail or taken to him at the Pieldhouse. Wilkening also said that the applications should contain the applicant’s name, his school, his local address and his telephone number. No applications will be accepted after Wednesday, e.g.k.
(Editor’s Note: This is the third in a series of eleven articles by Wallace R. Deuel, Chicago Daily News Berlin correspondent, on “Where Hitler Stands Now.” Tuesday’s article will deal with the German view of the war and how she expects to finish it this spring.) By Wallace R. Deuel One of the chief reasons why much of the outside world has failed to understand the Nazis and what they have been doing and are planning to do is that people simply cannot believe that the Nazis are the kind of men they are. A good deal of what has happened in Germany and Europe in the last eight years is incredible to most people because it is so alien to their experience and even to their imagination that they just cannot comprehend it. This is partly because the world was so disillusioned about propaganda in the last war. The Allies—and the United States —accused the Germans then of committing the most horrible, atrocities, people decided afterward that most of the accusations had been false, and they have refused ever since to believe most “atrocity stories” about the Germans. Will Stop At Nothing — —-i.. ,,
Sixteen students have passed the physical examination for becoming flying cadets during the past week, and several more have been placed on suspension until their tonsils are removed according to Captain E. R. Keller of the Flying Cadet Examining Board. Keller also announced that the board will be in the Executive Building, part of the next week from 8 a. m. until 4 p. m. to answer any questions pertaining to either the life of a flying cadet or the examinations for becoming a cadet. Friday afternoon a motion picture depicting the life of a flying cadet was shown to 260 students. After the presentation of the picture, the board members answered questions raised by the students, particularly those concerning the physical examination and the mental examination given to students who have not completed two years of college but meet the age requirement of twenty-one. The hoard consists of Capt. E. H. Jose; Capt. J. A. Booth, Flight Surgeon; and Capt. Keller, e.g.k.
Handler, Brogan, Srrfiak / Lead Wolverines; Blanken Pates Winners With 14 Pb.
Car/ F. Boester
. . . supervisor of University housing research, addressed 160 members of the Purdue Women’s Club and their husbands at a general meeting of the society Friday evening in the Union. He described work being done on the campus in the development of low cost houses and discussed pre-fabrication and other new developments in construction.
So it is that still today there are millions of people in the world who simply cannot believe that the Nazis are the kind of men they really are, who cannot grasp the vital and essential fact that Adolf Hitler and the men around him will stop at nothing—literally at absolutely nothing— to get what they want. Does it seem expedient to the Nazis to exterminate the Jews or the Poles? The outside world refused to believe that such things (Continued on page 2)
'41 Agricultural Conference May Attract 9,000 Visitors To Campus
New Equipment Will Increase Power Of Voice Of Purdue' To 50.000 Watts
(Editor's Note: This is the first of a sedes of articles on the changes which are being made in the traniimission facilities and studios of^WBAA. We hope that they -will serre to answer some of the questions you may have concerning these changes. This article concerns the station in generaL Future stories will take up the actual details of the studios and the new transmitter.)
Anticipating a possible total attendance of nine thousand persons, local officials of the 1941 Annual Agricultural Conference are making last-minute preparations for tomorrow morning’s opening sessions. A get-together mixer for the Rural Youth groups at eight o’clock tomorrow morning is the first event on the program of the five-day conference. Later in the morning. Dr. W. M. Robinson of Kalamazoo, Mich., will address the farm youth on “Fun and Funds for Future Farm Families.” According to word just received from conference officials, John Leuck ,Benton county, is to be crowned “Indiana’s No. 1 Soybean Producer” at the Indiana Corn Growers banquet tomorrow night. Following a noon luncheon in the ballrooms, the first general session
of the conference will open at 1:16 o’clock in Fowler Hall. The general sessions are open to the public, officials stated. Dean Matthews of the Home Economics School and Dean H. J. Reed of the School of Agricultu^i'e will welcome the visitors. At 2:46 the rural folks will separate into smaller groups: namely, the youth who will study hobbies, the ladies who will study careers for women, a farm management group and a group to study the opportunities in agriculture. In the evening at 7:30, Playshop’s laboratory group will present two plays, “Skiol” directed by Bill Heath and “Suppressed Desires” directed by Betty Erich. There will also be a social party in the Union for farm youth. e.w.n.
By Joe Dolan Exponent Sports Editor The Riveter basketball team, at present in the act of weaving a pennant, almost dropped a stitch to some tough material that Benny Oosterfoaan brought in from Ann Arbor, Michigan, last night in the Purdue Fieldhouse before 7690 thrilled fans. But some fancy net stitching by Don Blanken, Frosty Sprowl, and Don Blemker, three members of Ward Lambert's knitting circle, managed to add one more stitch than Michigan, and the Riveters are still in the conference, this time, 41 - 40. Whew, what a night! Purdue’s lack of height was appalling throughout the contest, as time and time again the semi-giant. Handler, and a big guard, Grissen, played Andy-over aroimd the Michigan offensive basket while the smaller Gold and Blacks were about powerless to obtain the leather when these two lads were near the iron. The Riveters’ fast break was met tit-for-tat throughout the contest, and once in a while the Mirihigan crew presented the local club with a dash of our early sesison medicine—^pressure defense. All-in-all, the ball game indicated that we must further work on speed as a victor over height. Tied At Half, 18-18 Ruehle, assigned to guard Don Blanken, took his assignment to heart and almost committed mayhem on Blanken the first time Don got the ball—a foul was called and Blanken sank the first point of the evening. Blemker made another free throw, and then the battle was on. Caress drove under for a short shot, but Ruehle followed suit with a duplication—^the count, 4-2.
By Lee Ruffner High up on the third floor of the Electrical Engineering Building— up where the air starts getting thih —are three little rooms. A sign on one of them says “WBAA.” At the present time those three rooms are the source of the “Voice of Purdue.” But not for long. They’re Getting Underway In about two weeks now, WBAA -will start to come into its own by shifting its studios from those little rooms to a brand new location in the Music Hall. And it’s about time. We had heard that when the Music Hall was complete, WBAA was to get new studios in it; we even saw a sign over in the Hall that said ^WBAA studios.’ But Purdue’s voice continued to come directly from the top of the double-E building into the receiver of our rather tired wireless set. Wondering if those rooms in the Music Hall were just an idle rumor, we talked to A1 Todd about the thing. A1 is a combined undergrade; uate student and staff member and has been working on the job since last fall some time; so he knows quite a bit about it. He sure can talk about it, anyway. Tour Of Inspection We cornered A1 the other day in the rooms that are to comprise the
new studios and ended up with enough notes to write a dozen articles. Some place that is! We followed our guide in and out of 12 rooms, no less. Studios, offices, workshop, storerooms and control rooms—the new place has them all. And some time within the next two weeks—^if construction work goes as well as is expected—WBAA will move in, and in so doing will take the first step in its program for becoming a full-time radio station. Here are the plans as outlined to us by our informant: Equipment Almost Ready The first thing, of course, is to get the studio settled in the new location and to get the staff accustomed to using the auditioning system, the practice studio, the amplifiers, the control console, the audience studio and all the rest of the brand new equipment that has been and is being constructed for it. This equipment, by the way, has been planned and most of it built under the guiding genius of Ralph Townsley and Charles Jackson. More about them later. As spon as everything is settled in the new location, things will really start to happen. The old out-moded towers atop the electrical building will cease to function. New High Power Transmitter Taking their place will be a transmitter using a directional antenna located somewhere south of Lafayette (we couldn’t find out exactly where—sabotage suspected, no doubt). When this change takes
place sometime in March or April the power of the station will be increased to 6,000 watts and the directional feature of the antenna will give it an effective signal strength of almost 60,000 watts. A1 explained all this in detail to us, but our meagre experience with EE 19 didn’t permit a very complete understanding of it. Sure sounded good, though. At the same time the power change is made, the station will take up a twelve hour schedule of broadcasting (maybe they’ll make “Meet the Band” a half-hour program). Also, for you technically minded people, there will be no transmission line used between the studio and the transmitter. A small transmitter using the up-and-com-ing frequency modulation will he installed.
With little Mike Sofiak leading the way, the Michigan club stayed (Continued on page 3)
Dr. Zelle Joins Ag School Gonotics Rosoarch Staff
Dr. Max R. Zelle, a native of Ankeny, Iowa, is the new appointee to the staff of the School of Agriculture and the Agricultural Experiment Station, Dean of Agriculture H. J. Reed announced today. Dr. Zelle will take charge of research in animal genetics. A graduate of Iowa State College, where he obtained all his degrees, Dr. Zelle has done extensive research work in animal genetics with regard to disease resistance in mammals.
Indiana Highway Men Will Open Road School Here January 21
Ralph Townsley, mentioned earlier, seems to be the electrical brains of the outfit. He does the planning of the equipment and then he and Charles Jackson put it together. The control console and the amplifiers that we saw were wonderful jobs. Both the hoys are University graduates; Townsley got his BSEE in ’33 and Jackson graduated in ’24 with a degree in Chemical Engineering. We don’t get it. Jackson graduated in chem eng^ineering, he’s working on a very much electrical job, and we’ve been told that he’s very proficient on any job requiring mechanical ability. Must be taking his last name seriously. That’s all for now.
Tau Kappa Alpha
. . . local chapter of the speech honorary, sent two of its members to the annual convention, held in Washington, D. C., last week. They were Seymour Udell and Richard Springgate. Professor Lull, speech department head, accompanied them. Besides acting as official delegates, they represented their chapter in a discussion contest. ’
PI A Tea Dance
. . . held yesterday between 3:00 and 6:30 o’clock In the south ballroom of the^Union, attracted a crowd of 160 couples.
City, count^ and state highway officials, highway contractors and road equipment and material men from the entire state will meet on the campus January 21 for the twenty-seventh annual five - day Road School. ^Sponsored by the engineering extension department of the University, the course will be supervised by the highway department of the Civil Engineering school. Prof. Ben H. Petty is chair-
man of the road school.
Chi Epsilon To Sponsor Smoker Prof. Prank C. Hockema, assistant to the president of the University will welcome the road men to the campus at the first general session on Monday afternoon, January 20. In the evening Chi Epsilon, Civil Engineering honorary, will sponsor a smoker in the Union. C. H. Myers, Chi Epsilon president, will
welcome the visitors. ^
On Tuesday the general conference will be separated into sections for county road supervisors, state maintenance men and county sur-
veyors and engineers.
Road equipment and material supply companies will sponsor vaiv led exhibits of their products in the Armory, which will be Inspected by the men Tuesday and Wednesday
evenings, Wednesday aftemoOn and Thursday morning. Activities of the University Joint Highway Research Project will bo presented at a general session in the Hall of Music oto Wednesday morning, January 22. K. B. Woods, assistant director of the project will preside at the meeting, wMcb will open with an address by R. BWileyi head of the Civil Engineering school and director of the project. Todd To Lecture On Aerial Surveys Prof. M. W. Todd wiU speak on aerial surveys before the meeting of the county surveyors and engineers Thursday morning, while Col. D. M. Beere will discuss “Military Demands on Our Highways’^ at the general session in the afternoon. Sessions of the school will oad at noon on Friday, January 84, Organizations helping sponsor the school include the State Highwi^ Commission of Didiana. the Indiana County Surveyors’ and County Engineers’ AsSOdatton, tito Indiatt^i County Road Supervisors* and the County Commissioners Aenodations, Indiana Highway Construetors, Inc., and the Highway MstMgv ials and Equipment Assodatioo.fia^ 2 ~ £dibfualA,
Sunday* January 12* 1941
puxdwL SxpomnL
3«/»
The ^th Column
The other day a powder plant blew up. Which is nothing new. But the remarkable thing about this powdei plant was . .. That It was on the other side of the Rhine. ♦ * * An accident hf course. * "i> * As was the bomb which deposited itself in London. And not only refused to go off by itself. But when dragged out into the open and given a little help by British TNT, still stubbornly refused to explode. Well. The English being a thorough people dismantled the (CENSORED) thing and found instead of the Nitre, a note. Incidentally the bomb was constructed in Czechoslovakia. Dam careless these Czechs. ♦ ♦ * Of course there always remains the possibility that Deanna Durbin is just trying to send another note to a king. * * * There’s nothing new under the sun. It seems over on the Island they are teaching the people to turn their thumbs up. Well it’s about time the British discovered the magic significance of the skyward pointing digit. We’ve been getting places on it for years. ^ ♦ However, whether it helps their morale or not, there is one thing certain. It can’t go on like that indefinitely
The Purdue Exponent SnteKd tm teeond eisM tnatter at the poit office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of ConKreHO of March S, 1879, and at the apecial rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8,1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weddy during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier fot-$8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Editor-in-Chief. B. W. Denahas Business Manager... Merle Hagemeyer
News Editor...
Managing Editors
Purcell, L. W. Buffner, R.
Publication Staff
iaton, N. M. SkaU<
.J. BL McKee -J). K. Heiple
lemp, J. L. Traugott.
Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, O. G. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. F. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circniation Manner, R. M. Reektenwaid. Co-ed Staff Editor — Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Rnth Rose, Donna Siess. Sporta .Staff Bldltor J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sportt 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Ino., College PubllSbers-Bepresefttatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Heaton Day Editor: Miller Issue Editor: Kleper Night Sports Editor: Swaim Staff: E. W. Nordlinger, A. Hunter, J. H. Armstrong, C. A. Stoeckle, J Galloway and K G Roquemore
Without making a nation of hitch-hikers out of the British.—dkh
Jjumli^ JalL The American Press Merits Praise I wholly disagree with what you say, but will defend to the death your right to say it.—Voltaire. It is strange and a bit ironical that one of the greatest liberals and liberators of France, now a “conquered” nation, should have spoken and lived this philosophy that expresses so completely the living-motto of the present day American peo--ple Bud, particularly, that of the American newspapers. Free speech and free writing, as set down in our Constitution, have become the most powerful, the most democatic influences in the United States, and tjiis has been brought about by our constantly crusading, out-spoken, uncensored press. The United States has become “One Nation, Indivisible,” and remained that way to date because anyone can buy a daily newspaper on any street corner in the nation for a couple of pennies and read the TRUTH. This becomes especially significant when we stop to consider how little France knew of its own coming down-fall, while we here in the United States because of our own press did know the progress of the disaster. So it becomes evident that never before have the nation’s newspapers meant as much to us as right now, in the midst of World Warn. Never before have we felt so strongly that intangible something called “trust,” never before have we realized how it must be not to know the truth as we have known when we picked up our morning newspaper each day during the past weeks and months. Our newspapers, God bless em, hem and haW, bicker and sling mud during political elections, and most of us put out tongues in our cheeks and say, “Oh, the newspapers! You can never believe them.” But when we read the articles, written by American newspapermen, telling of bombings, losses, conditions, international intrigue we know they are true, for it has been American newspapers’ policy to forget the small-time arguments and to ring true “when the blue chips are down.” We can only judge and trust in past performances. We have faith and appreciation for the American newspaperman and his newspaper. Truly, they are the “Watchdogs of Democracy.”—^jap
NOW
MaiII
2 First Run Hits
A SCREAMINGLY FUNNY JAMBOREE OF MUSIC AND GAIETY! SCATTERBRAIN with Judy Canova — Alan Mowbray — Eddie Foy Jr Malty Malneck and His Orchestra PLUS
ul«^> wliDY. pmttn«CMilrT
Dr. C. A. Ludwig ... an agricultural graduate of the University of 1912, died last Tuesday at his home in Washington, D. C. and was buried at his former home in Urbana, 111. After he graduated. Dr. Ludwig taught at Illinois for one year and then returned to theUniversity to teach for three years.
Hitler, Cohorts Will (Continued from page 1)
could be. It laughed at the vain and pretentious mouthings of the preposterous men who could even threaten to do such things—laughed until it was too late. Hint of Vile Treatment Does it Seem expedient to throw priests and pastors into concentration camps and to subject them there to treatment so vile that it cannot even be hinted at in a family newspaper ? Again people would not believe it — until it was too late. . . . There is only one man in Germany—and on the continent of Europe—^who counts. That man is Adolf Hitler. Inside Germany he is not anybody’s “front,” he is not anybody’s puppet, he is not anybody’s confederate, he is not anybody’s ally. He is the master of the mainland of Europe today and if Britain is beaten he Will be the master of all Western civilization. Aids Are Only Experts The men around Hitler are only technical experts—extremely able ones, some of them, for all their outlandish manners and appearances—but only technical experts for all that. Among these men around Hitler there is only one who is strong enough and able enough in his own right to govern Germany for any considerable length of time under anything like present circumstances —Hermann Goering. It is extremely doubtful that anyone else could do so in the long run. Any number of men could govern a Germany stabilized on its prewar bases. But Germany cannot be stabilized on its prewar bases or anything like those bases. The die was cast the day the war began, and row Germany will either become a world power—as Hitler
LUNA
TODAY - MONDAY — TWO SWELL HITS
DON AMECHE BETTY G R A B L E CARMEN ^ mirandaF •Ml CHARLOTTE . GREENWOOD | A CARROL NAISH • HENRY ^ STEPH^ON • KATHARINE ^ ALOnOGE • LEONIO KINSKEY CHRtS-nN AAARTIN
ii'silieFUN-nGHT.itiieGENTURY!
fvBsttri irhf y$9 tht icrien’i itrttim tk$ sttsoal
MfinSSTU Starts TODAY
himself wrote 16 years ago— or it will be prostrate for at least a generation. And such is the nature of National Socialism, and huoh is the character oLthis testing period, that Hermann Goering is probably the only other man who could rule the Reich in his own right now. There’s Another Possibility This does not necessarily mean, however, that if Hitler and Goering should disappear Germany would break down within a matter of months. For there is another possibility: Realizing that they would have to hang together or be hanged separately, the secondary leaders of the party might be able to agree among themselves on a compromise “Fuehrer,” S man who was not strong enough or able enough to rule the Reich in his own right, I)ut behind whom the warring leaders and factions could range themselves in order to maintain at least a semblance of outward unity and maintain themselves in power. If this should happen the compromise candidate would probably be Rudolf Hess, now deputy leader of the party. Hess has the advantage of being Hitler’s own designee as second in the line of succession to rule; he shares with Dr. Robert Ley the control of the party machine; he is liked and respected by the people as few other leading Nazis could ever hope to be and he has fewer powerful and bitter enemies within the party than most Nazis of importance do. Seeds of Own Dissolution How long such a compromise solution of the problem of succession
would last is anybody’s guess. It would probably last for some time, barring military or other catastrophes, but it would tend from the start td break up of its own inner conflicts and contradictions. . . . Least of all can any effective political initiative be expected front the generals. The officer corps probably would be able to step in and take over Germany if the Nazis should be destroyed by some other means, hut it Will not undertake any serious action to destroy the Nazis itself. In the first place the loyalty of most of the generals to the regime is adequate, even if not wildly enthusiastid. But even apart from that the generals are completely dominated by Jlitler and the party. They do what they are told, they do it when they are told and they do it exactly as they are told, whether they believe in it or not. ... Three Main Categories The other men around Hitler fall into three main categories. First, there are expert technicians (Continued on pago 4)
MARS -NOW PLAYINS.y
ARC
TODAY-MONDAY
m nuRiCB HOK'MDDftn ntmsr^ BREAKERS"! A MMMHM 9Wm» • RURqRRBKBBOWimRtlUM^H
-AND-
-ALSO-
WALT DISNEY CARTOON
A THOUSAND MILES OF BANGER! A THOUSAND THRILLS
BAROL
FLYN
OLIVIA
DeHAV
bmUmflffioi . VaHrfla . Owfe KqnoU HratrOWdi • Rn-rnttHH
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
* School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Sts. Phone 5710
DEACS Everything for a College Education
• Dairy Products
Greeting Cards All Occasions SOUTHWORTH'S
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
• Locksmith
Complete Line of Greeting Cards University Book Store M. C. "Red"' Sammons '29 R. W. "Doc" Epple '40
Keys and Locks Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
• Photographers
• Hardware
Cameras and Supplies Picture Framing HINEA PHOTOGRAPHER 634 Main St. Phone 7775
Edgertort Hdwe. Inc. Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices If It's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
• Shoe Repair BOSSUNG SHOfe REBUILDING Phone 2240 221 State
V i
>>'1^juJiduA, £xfiotittni^
Svikidtty, joilUary" 12/19411
3-
J^^rQuiM^ Pi^s At Badger GymMonday Wisconsin's unpredictable Badgers will attempt to show their home floor prowess to the Boilermakerslnet team toittorrow night in the third conference battle for both teams iii the current Big Ten war. ■Ihe contest will be the final one of the semester for the Boilermakei'S, since the 21 members of the squad are granted part-time release from the court by Coach Lambert during the two-week examination period. Detroit will come into town January 28 for the last honconfereiice tussle of the season. Ttipped by Gophers . Bud Poster’s squad of Badgers have thus far had their hot and cold streaks, their coolest night being when they were laid away by Minnesota last Monday, The shortpassing Gopher attack built up a 44 to 29 final score after slipping away from a two-pmnt margin at the end of the first twenty n^inutes. JNot a single Badger tallied more than five points as the dangerous Gophers relentlessly guarded the rangey Poster quintet. But the Wisconsin five has had its. nights of sharpshooting. Early in, December against Notre Dame the Badgers surprised' the Irish by nosing out a 44 to 43 win. Sopho- . n^re Johnny Kotz, a forward, topped the scorers by counting 12 points, with Gene Englund, one , of the leading conference basketmakers last season, ^coring 11 points. In that game the Badgers connected with 20 free throws out of 28 attempts. In all the , Badgers’ early tilts they have succeeded in drawing a large number of fouls. Victory Studded other wins were notched against Marquette, 38 to 32, and against Nebraska by a 46 to 31 score. Lead-
In the final game of the Ward net tournament yesterday Ward 21 defeated Ward 39 for the championship, 27 to 17. The score ■was tied up at the half, 9 to 9. Miller of the losers took scoring honors for this game with ten points to his credit. Scpring for the winners was evenly divided with each member of the starting five accounting for at least five points. Ward 21 is made up of students from the Luma Go-op House. During the season they were undefeated in six regular games in addition to their three play-off games. Ward 39 was also undefeated in their scheduled games this year. The summary of the game is as follows: Ward 2i (27 ' FGttPP Hobson. P. f 2 1 1 Ho^on, B. £ ;.... 2 1 0 Hanhon, £ :.. 0 0 0 Hine, c. x. 2 12 Carrington, c 0 0 1 Ely, g ...; 8 0 4 Evens , g ....^ ^ 0 0 0 Reeder, g 2 2 0 Totals 11 6 8 Ward 39 (17 FGFTPP Lough, f ......! 1 0 8 Church, f :.... '. 1 0 2 Miller, c 4 2 4 Gaiser, g 1 1 2 Hope, g 0 0 2 Kiester, g 0 0 0 Totals 7 3 13 Sophomores ... may exchange their coupons tomorrow for tickets for the next three home basketball games with Indiana, Illinois, and Chicago. The freshmen may get their tickets i on Tuesday. >-•'^ ing the team’s point-making in most of the early season games, Johnny Kotz is regarded as a sophomore prize in the Biff Ten; The dangerous Gene Englund at Center peaks the stretchy quintet, and completes a powerful basket combination with sophomore Kotz.
CONVENIENT For YOU
Union— Bowling Alleys ;e: '■ Sweet Shop Browsing Room Game Rooms Barber Shop
WsufnifdixL UniorL The Corner of the Campus-^ Yet the Center of Activities
54-30
meters Clif Strong WHHomson Scores Only Riveter
By/toseph Patrick Dolan Wasn’t that a ball game last night? Many persons taking the Michigan team too lightly are in for a surprise—or maybe Purdue was a bit off on the iron. One glaring fact stood put for the Purdue team to overcome. The Purdue set formations were all but po'werless to penetrate enemy defeh^es^'once the Purdue fast break was stopped near the middle of the floor. Only once during the ball game did the Gold and Blacks manage to work a clear functioning play through the Michigan defense-— that coming in that last sad minute on a swell pivot play between Blanken and Sprowl that shoPk Sprowl loose for a neat set-up— that he missed, much to the groans of the Purdue crowd. . ' —I-L-Speaking of crowds, Purdue’s student body must become a lot, louder if they want a ■winning team. The Illinois gym holds fewer students than the Purdue fieldhouse," but the mini crowd makes a dickens of a lot more noise than Purdue’s kids. That opening roar from the Purdue crowd was swell, but it slowly faded out completely. If. last night’s ball game was played in Champaign it would have Caused more noise than a broken steam caliope at a two-year old county fair. ■ ■■. . —I-I— The Northwestern swimming coach when asked how he regarded the Purdue swimming team a few days ago—^before the Purdue team made the trip to Evanston said, “I hope none of ‘the Boilermakers drown when they get in the pool with my lads.” NPw ain’t that a thoughtful host. —I-I^ They say that halitosis has turned more breaths than success. Alpha Chi Rho . . . soidai fraternity, announces the pledging of George A. Emerson, Cincinnati, Ohio.
Michigan hlet Team (Continued from page 1) right on the heels of the Boilermaker machine, and at the close of one-half of the game, the count was 18-17, but Bob Igney had fouled Brogan as the gun fired; so this Mr. Brogan of. the Michigan Brogans set about giving the crowd an indication of what the next half was to produce by sinking his free toss after the half gun, knotting the Count at 18-18. Hoffman Hits The teams started from scratch again as the last half of the ball game got under way. Hoffman, a remarkable left-hand hook pasSer was in the Purdue lineup and also Red Caress; who had relieved John Conrad near the end of the first half. Hoffman started the firing by connecting with a long left-handed hook shot from the left side lines. Ruehle again made the Wolverines jfirst basket, a foul to cut Purdue’s lead to one point. The Riveter cheering section failed to get aroused and the team played accordingly.—- right along with Michigan. First it was Sofiak dribbling through the entire Purdue . middle defense, and then it was Mandler, pivoting away from Purdue’s guards for a pretty two-hand-ed pivot shot. Sprowl and Blemker kept Purdue in the ball game "with their specialties; Sprowl hitting .three high arch shots from the foul circle. Blemker Pitches Blemker drove the visitor’s defense batty with three beautiful and awkward left-handed push shots that resemble a catcher’s peg to second base more than a basketball shot. With four minutes remaining, Purdue spurted to a 41-37 lead, but Michigan kept on playing basketball even after Igney had hit a long heave-from the middle for Purdue’s forty-first point, and with two minutes left Mandler hit a pivot shot plbs Grissen’s foul; but the gun cut short a threatening Wolverine rally.
Riveter Squash Team Avenges Previous lAC
'First'; Both Tearns Show V/eli
Inches counte(J yesterciay afternoon in the Northwestern pool as the Boilermaker swimming team was touched out of four first places by Tom Robinson’s Wildcat tankers to hand the Rivr eters a 54 to 30 beating in the first dual meet of the season f^or both teams. In counting their points the Wildcats finished ahead
in eight of nine eyents.
—' — Though no records were made, aH
of the times were fast. Northwestern’s Coach Robinson stated after the meet, “Both teams swam well
for so early in the season.”
Soph Wins
Joe WiUiamson, sophomore breast stroker from South Bend, was the only Riveter to break the tape, winning the 200 yard breast stroke in, the fast time of 2:37.2. Carney, another South Bend sophomore, splashed into second place in two free style events, the 220 and 440. A disheartening break for the Riveters came in the 300 yard medley relay when MpRedy, while leading the Wildcat swimmer by several yards, failed to touch the end of the pool on a turn, and was ordered to retouch the end before Resuming his course. In the meantime the Wildcat forged into the lead to win the race, r.o.s. .
HAVE MORE FUN m ’41 ' V Go gayly forth to meet this New Year in the knowledge that you can save money and wear bettor looking clothes by trusting their care to West Side. cm 40B1 Today!
Phone 4Q81
Phone 4081
The Lowe^ Prices Quality Permits!
Playing on the home courts yesterday afternoon the Boilermaker squash team came back fast after its eastern drubbing to take the Indianapolis Athletic Club in hand and give them one of the year’s stiffer shellackings. When all was over, nine games out of the tCn played had been chalked up as Riveter victories. Chief Cleyetfand Larry LaBree both played along side of the regular squad, each of them going the route to win their matches 3-2.' LaBree, who is one of the better squash players on this campus, had by far the toughest match of the day when he beat Langsenkamp of Indianapolis, Midwest AAU champ.
Winners
McMillan, using an exceptionally fast serve, and Smith each took their lAC men by the identical scores of 3-2. In many of the close matches it was noticable that youth plasing on the Side of the Boilermakers, was accounting for point after point. In contrast to. their 6-4 victory over the Riveter team last fall, the men from Indianapolis did not seem quite as able to keep up the pace for five full games in this
encounter.
Next Saturday there will be no match because of finals, but it is hoped that one or two of the players will be able to make the trip down to Indianapolis for the Mid-States Invitational Squash Tourney which will be held on that day.
Meet Again
On February 10 the Riveters will play the Indianapolis A.thletic Club one more match. Since the score of the matches is now one-all; this match will decide the winner of the trophy which is annually kept by the victor in the best two out of three meets. j.s.k. Following are the individual scores :
Indianapolis A C Langsenkunp ...
Purdue LaBrea
Clevett ...... Kalbfleisch Many
Adams
Fant .......... Goldstein . McMillan . Green ....... Smith
Rand
McGowan .... TeanV Geller Duesenberg Wood Widsht ——
Fisher
Diamond
Announce Deadline For Gym Locker Renewals All locker holders in the- main locker room of the Fieldhouse gym ■wishing to renew their locker for the second semester must sign their names at the check-out window before February 1st. Lockers are rented by the semester, not by the
Summary of the races follows: 300 yard medley relay — Northwestern (Zehr, Walsh, McGinnis). Time; 3:12.1. 220 yard free style—Surles (NW). first; Carney (P), second; Kratzer (P), third. Time: 2:19.8. . 50 yard free style—-Fahrbach (NW), first; Gray (NW), second ; Herr (P), third. Time: :24.0. Fancy diving—Powell (NW), first; Hoskins (NW), second; Ochstin (P), third. 100 yard free style—-Fahrbach (NW), first; Kratzer (P), second; Gray (NW), third. Time: :53.9. 160 yard back stroke—Zehr (NW), first; Andersen, (P), second; McRedy (P), third. Time; 1:47.1. 200 yard breast stroke—Williamson (P), first; Walsh (NW), second; McCay (NW), third. Time: 2:87,i:' 4^ yard free: style—Surles (NW), first; Carney (P), second ; Siler (P), third. Tiine: 6:14.0. 400 yard relay—North-western (G^y, Powell, McGinnis, I^khrback). Time: 3:47,2.
Threefrat Teams /■ Remain In Play-Offl i The play-offs of the annual inj^? fraternity championship were continued yesterday aftemooii. In the first game, a giant DeRn Upsflon team nosed out the Alpha Gamma Rhos, 18 to m a thriller. Big “Swede” Tbuih^^ ‘With ten of his team’s points was the offen^ve' hero of the tilt. 'The scoring for the AGR’s was evenly divided. By their win this afternoon the DU’s qualified foT the final game to be annonneed later. In a qoartor-final game. Alpha Tan Omega won from the Pi Kap^ pa Phis, 86 to 20i Onfstandiiig fog the ATO’s were Howard and Gardner with eight and six iK>inte, respectively. The ATOs now most play the Pi Kappa Alpha fratmmity on Monday night to determine the team which will play Delta Upsilon in the finals. j.s.d.
year.'Clothing ■will be removed af-r ter Febmary 1st. 'The Fieldhouse cheUk-out window ■will be closed at 9 p. m. betwemi January 16th and 28th.■I ■ I '
We Pay 50% CASH for Sec-
ond-hand Text Books if They
Are to Be Used at Purdue.
H. G.
ner.
J ♦"I
,3 a
Hitler and Cohorts Will
(Continued from page 2)
like Dr. Fritz Todt, superintendent of Reich highways, builder of the West Wall and director of all armaments production; Dr. Julius Dorpmueller, minister pf transport; Walther Funk, president of the Reichsbank and minister of economics, and Wilhelm Ohnesorge, minister of posts. These men’s political views do not interest Hitler. He expects from them that they perform their special, expert functions, and perform them well, without bothering hini or even questioning him about matters of policy. Second, there are minor political figures, with functions that are both expert and political, but who owe their positions to politics more than to technical proficiency. This group includes Wilhelm Frick, minister of the interior; Hans Kerri, minister for church affairs; Bernhard Rust, minister of education, and Dr. Franz Gnertner, minister of justice. And, finally, there are a few survivals of the original Hitler alliance with the German Nationalist party, men who have no political influence whatever, and no great importance of any kind, but who have held on to their posts. Typical of this’category are Franz Seldte, labor minister, and Count Schwerin von Krosigk, Reich finance minister. Engaged in Savage Struggle The Nazis at and near the top of the party hierarchy are almost uninterruptedly engaged in one of the most savage struggles for power aiid influence the world has ever experienced. Party enemies of Ribbentrop, for example, who tried to wreck his career . at every turn, brought about the murder of no fewer than four of his closest collaborators in the years 1934-1987 in an attempt to discredit him and
drive him from power. Yet the hopes that some people have reposed in this struggle—the hbpe'Hhat it would destroy the regime—is a false hope so long as Hitler is there, and probably so long as Goering is there. Because no single one of these men seeks to challenge Hitler’s own power, and because Hitler knows how to prevent the struggle-from getting out of hand.
Delta Tau Delta's
... bowling quintet will face a Du kegling squad this afternoon for the finals of the Inter-fraternity bowling contest. The Delts beat the Beta Sigma Psi team and the DUs eked out a win from a strong Phi Delt team yesterday in the semifinals of the tournament.
p. m. until further notice: Clougrh, J. C. Essigr, R. Estep, L. Eves, C. Hammer, J. A. Heidenrich, G. Howes, R. McDonald, J. H. Makielski, T. T. Meachem, J. R. Noland, T. C. Oliveria, B. D. Paive, F. E. Sayles, S. Schmidt, W. H. Shelbprn, R. H. Storkmier, G. R. Tippey, D. K. Clinin and W. A. McCarthy. —BROWN.
Physical Education for Men 9, Division F: Cl^s meeting for Tuesday, January 14, in Eliza Fowler Hall at 3 p. m. changed to room ,129 of Electrical Engineering Building. —ALLEN.
Club may make an inventory check-up in regard to supplies. The rctoma will remain closed for a short time, depending on' the amount of work needed to be done and the amount of replacement needed. —GEPHART.
Physical Education for Men 9, Division B: Class meeting in Eliza Fowler Hall Tuesday, January 14, at 2 p. m. changed to room 129 of Electrical Engineering Building. —ALLEN.
Physical Education for Men 9, Division C: Class meeting in Eliza Fowler Hall Tuesday, January 14, at 4 p. m. changed to room 129 of Electrical Engineering Building. —EASTWOOD.
AIChE: Special meeting will be held on Tuesday, January 14, in room 8t2 of the Chemical and Metallurgical Building. Dr. F'. C. Frary, national president of the AI ChE, will be guest speaker. —-MASSE'V.
Ads
Notices
Mid-Year Graduates: Especially interested in industrial, mechanical, metallurgical and chemical engineers but desiring to see those of all branches, the Carnegie-Illinois Steel Corporation desires to interview men between how and time of graduation. The address is 208 South La Salle street, Chicago. —ARM.
Junior Military: All Juniors are eligible for entrance into the Distinguished Gun Squad Competition, 156 mm. Howitzer. Squads to consist of: 2 Juniors (Exec, and Ass’t Exec.), 9 Sophomores (Chief of Section, Gunner, and Cannoneers^ Juniors desiring to enter squads in. this competition will present entries to Ijt. Antrim in Instructors Room prior to noon January 16. , Practice for squads will be two hours a week. Tentative date for competition will be March 17-20. —ANTRIM.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, . January . 28, at 7:30 p. m. in room 8fi0 of the EE building. Mr. J. A. Green will give a lecture demonstration on “loudspeaker testinB." —REYNOLDS.
Roger Williams Club: Important meeting of the Deputation Fellowship at 4 :16 p. m., Sunday, January 12, at 140 S. Grant St. —NELSON.
Camera Club: No more meetings this semester. —GEPHART.
Freshman Engineers: No more final exam booklets are available. —DIBOS.
FOR SALE Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
Pistol Practice : Following men are asked to continue pistol practice in Armory at 4
Scabbard and Blade: There will be a meeting Monday, January 13, at 7:46 p. m. in room 804 of the Union. .—MEESE.
NYA Students: Checks are available for the period ending December 16, 1940, at the cashier’s office in the Executive Building. —HOLLENSBE.
Men Students: Interested in living in a Co-op house next semester get application blank from Bob Kiggs, 216 Waldron. Phone 0673. (i-12) —MUSSER.
All Students: Darkroom will be closed Monday, January 13, so that the Camera
A.SME: Members, get your membership cards and emblems from Prof, Cope’s office Monday or Tuesday 9 to 1# a- m. —COOLEY.
For Sale: New pair soft toe, chromium plated, size 8, hockey shoes, $8.. Phone 71144.
FOR RENT For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 2407.
For Rent—Quiet Modern single room $10.00. Phone 2086.
For Rent—Double, -well lighted room, single beds, innersprlhg mattresses, hot water shower. $11 each. Call 2812.
Sophomore leaving school end of semester causes double room vacancy. Twin beds, innerspring mattresses, continuous hot water, insulated new house. Two block, Union and village. 806 South Grant.
For Rent: Comfortable room, furnished for two students. New twin beds. Continuous hot water. Available January 26. 814 Sylvia Street. Phone 61432.
Half-room for rent. Board if desired. 227 Wood St. Phone 61204.
Double Room Wants Occupants: Well lighted. Near campus and bus line. Stoker heat. Reasonable. 116 S. Grant. Phone 2769.
SERVICES Typing—Any kind. Reasonable rates— prompt service. 242 Littleton St. Phone 3442.
LOST Lost—Wallet at Michigan game—containing conscription card, drivers license, and passport.—Reward. J. H. Sears.
Lost—Black Sheaffer pen. /Please return for reward and appreciation. Phone Nordell 76634.
Lost: Small bag containing ladies’ shoes and rubbers. Finder please call 8071.
Lost: Tortoise shell glasses in red case. Reward. Call Gindy Hague, 8418.
BASKETBALL GAME • DAY or NIGHT GONVOGATION • SLEET or SNOW DANGE • BOY or GIRL It MoksE No Difference to Our DEPENDABLE CABS or COMPETENT DRIVERS
Phone
YELL
44
The Thinking Fellow Calls a Yellow”