£
Here Next
'N^Honal Fact-Fun factory' To Address Studelfts Olt 'Let^s Laughr As We Fight'
By Pave Ochiltree
Writer, speaker, poet and ex-Washington correspondent Strickla,nd'"Gillilan, who has been nicknamed the national factfun factory by Thomas Brady of the New York Speaker’s Bureau, will open the fall series of convocations in the Music Hall
next Sunday at 3 p. m.
Gillilan, wljose theory is that a talk need not be dull to carry its lesson and need not be folly to be funny, has been scheduled to talk on “Let’s Laugh - As We Fight;” but from his reputation as a speaker, nobody, including himself knows just what territory he will cover in the hour or so that he
is scheduled to talk.
He is the author of eight volumes which include “Off agin, on agin, gone agin—Finnigjn”, “Including you and me”, “Gillilan, Finnigin and Co” and “Sunshine and Awkwardness”. He is also th6 author of many poems, six of which were published last year in oiia,^f America’s largest anthologies of
poetry. ' Tennyson Tops Gillilan
This is the largest representation of any one poet’s veises, excepting that of Alfred Lord Tennyson, who had ten poems in the publication. Of this Gillilan says, “I’ve had trouble with that Tennyson follow before. He’s nosed me out of sev-
eral top spots.”
A native of Ohio, he studied at , the University of Ohio, and after a fitful experience at the university came to Indiana for what he calls a baptism of “Hellenicfire”. As a speaker Gillilan has covered the
Volume 55, Noi,
jlUrdiie University, Wesf; Lefayette, tndiani
StiiMtay, SepfoiHllisr 6, 194%
Indiana State fair Ofthe Ak twlks _ I 0 i’" ^
Progi'^mrPajVy At, 13 Kejdsrang - .the’, annual ‘’Thdianji State Fair, this week an Indiana State Fair of the Air originating in Eliza Fowler Hall will be broadcast over WBAA; WLS, Chicago; and WIRE, Indianapolis, reaching Hoosier homes throughout the state.
fields Will play Here ir$t Name Band Parade Dance
Student Union To Hold Callouts tuesday At 4
New Band Will feature Nine Saxophones, Woodwinds
By Pat Gaylord'
First on the list of the Union Band Parade is Shep Fields and
one of tW largest activities on the campus „,,,hestra, who will present his "New Mu^c” at a dance to Scheduled are a seriee of epecial f-U hold callouts Tuesday aftefnoon at 4 in their office on p^iday night from 8:30 to
daily programs at 12 noon to 12:30 the second floor of the Union Building. Second semester freshfrom tomorrow through Friday. men and all sophomores are eligible for positions. Second The state Fair of the Air, plan- semester sophomores starting work now will be eligible for
ned because of the Army s occu- junior jobs in the December elections.
pancy of the State Fair grounds, ra,. , . tt • • r j. i ■ i.n has been planned by Thomas R. Student Union IS made up of committees each taking a dif-
Johnston and Glenn W. Sample, of fsrent part of the activities of
Strickland Gillilan
Here For Annual School Of Prophets First annual School of the Proph-
Math Department
Will Sponsor
'Problems For Fun'
Offers $10 Prize For Best Work
“Problems for Fun,” published
the University staff, with Arthur the group. These are the MuC. Page of WLS, the Indiana State gig Room committee, in charge Fair^Board, and E. C. Pulliam of ppgrams and ^hricker To Speak receptions for celebrities; PubHeadlining the group of speakers licity, committee which places will be Governor Henry F. Schrick- >Ke Union and its values before the er, Lieut. Governor Charles Ml student; clubs, recreation, browsDawson, President James Cummins, ing room, personnel and defense"
Portland, and others of the Indiana committees.
State Fair Board; Dean Harry J. Defense Committee Is New Reed, head of the agricultural work The newest of these, the defense
ojjcan-cL vjiiuiaii iiaa cuveiuu uie I Fave Thompsoi^ editor committee, has risen rapidly in the
country several times on tours and Indiana Methodism was of and L. • ^og- eyes of the campus. They are the each week in the Sunday Exponent, •this year has been scheduled foi the fh® Union last week with ^ Indiana State workers who take charge of the will be inaugurated next week by heaviest of his gigglesmith pilgrim- over 375 ministers registered. This ^Si’icultural War Board. . War Stamp sales outside the Sweet tke department of mathematics, ages. marks the first time that the North- Others on the program will in- ^nd at various other places in These problems, which will require Knows Washington, D. C. Indiana, Northwestern Indiana, olode L. E. Hoffman, county agent Union. This committee has a no more than careful and correct; Out of his years of experience Indiana conferences have been loader and associate director of ag- g^gat deal to do with the running thinking and training not above the around Washington where he cov- ^0**^ same time and place, vicu tural extension, a number of Stamp Mixers and all level of calculus, will also be posted
" " specialists from the extension staff, War programs. It also works in co- in all mathematics classrooms,
several leading state fair exhibitors Wo.. , opClStlOn li16 otUCtsrib Wsir J-p oyi pflFnpl’ fio iupi’POQP ini'PTPQf'
of other years and Tom Sinclair, ™ increase interest - - - ~ t/ouncii. jjj tjigse “problems for fun,” the de-
The browsing room committee partment is offering a $10 prize to takes care of the Browsing Room it- the student who turns in to the self as well as running a traveling mathematics office the greatest library from house to house on the number of correct solutions during
tion. According to Thomas Brady or of the Wesley Foundation, Ann ^^Yties win bTiriadr aiid'^Hoosiers The Men’s Bum Room, in the fall term. In case of a tie the hd will, as has been his custom in Arbor, Michigan; Dr. Edgar S', .^vill be given a cross section of what Union Towers, is also prize will be awarded on the basis the' past, “tell, much of what he Brightman, Borden Parker Borwne taVa responsibility along with the of the earliest average time of the
’ Groups Alternate on Mixers This contest is restricted to stu-
The days have been designated Mixers are assigned alternately registered in a freshman or according to the topics that will to different committees and groups sophomore mathematics course, but be taken up on that day. Tomorrow during the year, and the jobs of students will find the problems will be “Youth and Progress Day”; such groups are painting a suitable ^i^using and interesting. ^
Tuesday, “Farm Production Day”; backdrop, arranging for chaperons, Wednesday, “Farm Women’s Day”; writing letters to the deans, and Thursday, “Machinery and Equip- taking care of the advertising and
ered all the press conferences in the The coirference ended Friday aft-
terms of Presidents Coolidge, Hoov- svnoonK
er and Franklin D. Roosevelt and Special lecturers for the meethis continued association with the ings are Dr. William K. Anderson, cream of Washington’s journalism, educational director for the group; Gillilan has garnered an extensive Dr. Charles W. Brashares, Pastor, khowledge of the Washington situa- First Methodist Church and Direct-
vice-president of Kingan and Com-
pany.
Broadcasts Usual
Talks on various phases of agriculture and the usual state fair ac-
knows about Washington and a very Professor of Philsophy, Boston Uni little of what he thinks.” versity; Dr. Frank S. Hickman, y Doors of the Music Hall will open Professor of Psychology of Re- ^ at 2:30 p. m., and admission will be ligion, Duke University; Bishop by passport or season ticket. No Titus Lowe, Bishop Methodist leservedi seals will be sold and sin- Church, Indianapolis Area; Dr. gle admission tickets will be on sale Basil Mathews, Profossoi Christian at the door at the price of fifty cents World Relations, Boston Univer-
plus tax.
Friday night will be the last date on which Parade tickets may be bought, t These tickets, now on sale in the South Ballroom, admit couples to all three dances, are priced at four ; J ' dollars, and are transferable.
Tickets purchased at the door individually will be $1.66. Billed as “the only baud of its kind in the world”, the new Fields combination consists of nine saxophones and woodwinds with the usual rhythm section, piano, drums, guitar and bass. ’The elimination of trun^pets and trombones is a new experiment in the
dance band world.
Fields ha^ been featured on three major radio networks, both on sustaining time and commercial programs. The Fields band recently starred in Paramount’s “Big Broadcast”, and they haVe just completed a short for Columbia entitled “Lightning Strike^ Twice”.
Favors the SaxdpItOne
Kamous for his “rippling rhythm” Fields believes that his new music will start a more Tasting trend in music. His favorite instrument, and the one through which he received his introduction to music, is the sax. His style of music is based on the qualities of saxophone music, complemented v by instruments with which it has some-natural kinship, as clarinets, oboes, flute's, and the
usual rhsftbpa section.
The two hadds following Shep Fields in thg Parade ate Sonny
bhep Fields ‘
Church, Cleveland, Ohio; and Dr. Van Denman Thompson, Dean of the School of Music, DePauw Uni-
versity
Coed Collegiene Chats
Prof, R, M, Cable
Publishes Manual^
On Parasitology
Prof. R. M. Cable of thd depart
ment of biology has written a man- ical and other church books in the ual of parasitology which will be Union,
used in colleges and universities
throughout the country.
The study of parasitology is being emphasized because the army is being sent to regions where diseases that are carried by animal parasites create a large problem
of public health. Interest in para- Collegiene Chats for freshman sitology is increasing also because and transfer coeds will be held for of the prevalency of parasite born their second year, with the first disease.in southern part of-the-coun- meeting on Wednesday from 4 to try. ' 4:30 in the Home Economics Build-
Working with Dr. Headlee, also ing auditorium,
of the biology departm'ent. Prof. The first of the four meetings will Cable has- recently published in the be led by Miss Muriel G. MacFar“American Journal of Tropical land, acting Assistant Dean of Medicine” the result.s of their ex- Women, who will speak on etiquette amination of over 2000 students at u-oin the standpoint of studentBerea College. At present Dr. Head- faculty relations. The topic for the lee is conducting a survey of Uni- second meeting will be coed activversity students here, and he has jfies. Each coed head will give a
sity apd Andover-Newton Theo-
logical School; Dr. Oscar T. Olson, , , in •, utr ,
Pastor Epworth-Euclid Methodist ^he dance.
' The Book Exchange, which is now
Public Invited
breaking all of its previous records
The reproduction of an actual fair in disposing of the students’ used has been carried as far as having books, is an excellent example of
In connection with the conVen- Gov. Schricker opening the Fair by the woik of the Student Union,
tion the Methodist Book Company c^tti^ an imaginary ribbon at the is sponsoring an exhibit of thcolog-~ Records of the sale of gi'and
pnampion steers and bariows and the description of the grand circuit laces will be broadcast. The public is invited to attend the broad-
cast in Eliza Fowler Hall.
SDX Rassle CommiHee Heads Rassle yourselves over to the Exponent office for an important meeting Tuesday night at 4. Absentees will be severely frowned upon. —HOSKINS Ayres, Youngs To Attend Math
r
Society Meeting
Army Starts Enlisting Tedinical Workers
In San Antonio
Wesley Foundation Will Hold Vesper Services Tonight Wesley Foundation will meet for a vesper service tonight at the new Foundation Building across from
EE Students Finish
Higli Frequency l^adio Course
Thirty-seven electrical engineer-
ing students completed a course in Dunham, who wiU be here Sept. 18, ultra-high frequency techniques re- , ™ •, ^ cently as part of their curriculum. Thornhill, who will play Two will graduate from-'the Univer-.'O'*'the Union'on Sept. 25, the evesity this month; the remaining thir» ning preceding >the opening football ty-five in December. The war train- g^me. ^ ing program under the auspices of , ,
the United States office of education offers this course to prepare men for service in the Army, Navy and
radio industries.
Instructor for the class was Prof,
the Union. Subject of the discussion F- Siskind of the Electrical En-
will be, “If I Were a Freshman.” The group will meet at the new
Prof, M,F,Mundel Writes Time Study
^korkbook
A workbook to supplement motion
gineering School who was trained at M. I. T. for this work. Mathe-
FoundatioT*'ar^;45 7nd“then hTke and alteinating elec- and time study courses in colleges, out to the field behind the stadium t f ^ the war training profor a camp-fire service.' This fun transmission and ultra-high gram conducted under auspices of and worship service is for the bene- V aie included in the course the United States oflfice of education fit of the new freshmen. Refresh- , has been prepared and published by
Largi& ‘ scale ' enlistment of me- ments will be served and a twenty Receive Certificates ™ ® ’ assistan prof^-
.Tjie following students will re- of industrial engineering at the
ceive certificates.; Joe Youngblood,
Earl Diehl, Velio Buccicone, Russell Contained in the workbook is a Lewis, Robert Wilson, Robert Hy- complete outline of the course with man. A, Clyde Flackbert, George assignments for students, additionKinsey and William Simpson, all of al references and a list of the topics
chanics, including automobile main- cent fee will be charged to cover
tenance men, radio repair men, costs,
sheet metal workers, welders, serv- National Organization ice repairmen, appliance service Foundation is a national men, armorers or gunsmiths, elec- organization connected with the
tricians and instrument makers, has MeUindi^t Church dpsie-ned to serve , , , , . been started by the recent appoint- mlleffeo and nniveiai- Lafayette; Edward Henrichs, treatedateachcldsssession.Asufment of technician procurement* of- 4? Mulberry, Ind.; Dan Ross, White- ficient number of forms aieprovid-
ficers in the area around San An-
tonio, Texas. Train On Job
ties. There are seventy-four Foun- jj^ohard Sprague and Wilford ed so that the student when finished
options on campuses throughout the
United States.
Shockency of Indianapolis; JoeTur- will have, under one cover, a series CO, Yale, Mich.; Frank Cook, New of self prepared illustrations of the
A- w This University was the site of York City, N. Y.; Arthur Watt, basic techniques in the field. Thesb In this new rmy Air Force me- second Wesleyian Foundation to Cedar Lake; Edward J. Isbell, Terre foms are exact replicas of those the chanics enlistment pragram, men formed. Its new building will be Hhute; Louis Clehients, Attica; trainees will use in applying the
" Professors W. L. Ayres and J. ^"e ages of 18 and 45 are completed and ready for use in George Bixler, Milwaukee, Wis.; techniques taught in this coui'se to
published several papers on human five minute Introduction on what Youngs of the mathematics opportunity to become three weeks. The “Rumpus Leon Clark, Springville, N. Y.; Lew- their own production problems, narasites in Indiana. >,ev e,.o->r,;vnt!r,r. or,n Uc er,_ . aircraft mechanics or radio op- the basement was used is Bonham, Jasonville; Robert Crow They have been fiesigned to fit &
parasites in Indiana.
Social
Chairmen
Organizations desiring the Union ballrooms for dances during the fall term submit written requests to the Student Union Office before 4 p. m. Tuesday. State time, date and ballroom preference. —DEUSTER Mildred Loring Fitch
department will attend the meet- p^ators trettinc- their trainims' on “""7 ’ "'.i" " ~7 ines of the American Mathematical ru ■ u’ ^ ® ” for the first time last Friday night arid Robert Von Behren of Chicago, wide variety qf industries with the iiigo ux Lij^ whilfi Rf^vvinp' thpiv pniinfrv „ ® * minimum of modification
others Who Complete Course An instructor’s lecture outline Richmond Griffith, Nashville; ^ sessibn. James Martin, Grandview; Walter acepmpany Frantz, Swayzee; Edward Kieper, lecture outline and workbook Michigan City; George Miller, Val- have been prepared by the war paralso; Kenneth Doversberger, tialning office at the University. Tipton; Harvard Townswid, Dowpr This workbook, lectui-e outline and ers Grove, HI.; C. Scott Brown, Van designed to pre-
sent an integrated course in Motion and Time Study woven around the
her organization does, and its op
poitunities and advantages for j,jgy iviaLiit;iuai.icai _■ U .,,,,i.j]p qpvvinp- ffipir ponntrv ^ each gill. Society at Poughkeepsie New Yoik ^he ^hde serving their country opening meeting of the 111.
Clothes will bo the topic foi the this week. „„„„ „,,i„4.;44., semester third meeting, while University war Professor Ayres has been invited Anvone interested mnv annlv tn activities will be discussed at the 4.p (ipiiver the main lecture of the ^ interested may apply to 4-p,„.4v, delivei the mam lectuie of the gj ^.j^gj^. gj^gjgg j^y
Both Tmlhero- is in ebaro-e of and will speak on‘Trans-
Both Liulbeig is m chaigc of formations with Periodic Proper- Upoao„n^4-p,.q Rnihiino' at Ran these meetings which are sponsored 4.:p~ » CTivino- a resume of the re Headquarters Building at Ranbv AssociateWomen Students At ’ 4.^ x5 \ ^ x ^°^Ph Field; Lt. Ralph W. Berghy Associated Women btudents. At- search in this field m recent years ox,.,,™ qqofh School Snnaftvon Kellv tendance will be taken. „,,,i qiip-o'estino' nossihilities for ad ®HQm, daOth bchool bquadion, Kelly
and suggesting possibilities for ad- yield, or Captain John M. Flatten,
WAA Will Give Tea
Exchange To Begin Payments For Texls
ditional research.
Student Book Exchange will pay
the Mathematical Association, of
women with the workings of the which he is a member.
of the history department), ^g^^g^-s Athletic Association, a P^'o^es^or Youngs will givri a pawas guest speaker last Wednesday tea honoring freshman will he given F.®'' *^® Thursday morning ses- gjg^jg^_
Cooper, South Bend; Earl' §t0ut, Gary, and William Harris, Hornell,
N. Y.
ment counts.”
at the luncheon meeting of the Women’s Society of Christian Service of First Methodist Church. She spoke on “Problems of the‘Western Hemisphere,” discussing tho filstory and attitude of South Americari republics ill the piesent war crisis.
at the post recruiting office at out the $1,600 already received from ana nme stuav woven aro
. . . _ .. P~I. Ayves will A attend meot- Brooks Field. ' the sale o( books bilnning Toes- T. mtole iLy atlx
Foi* Freshmen Tuesda'y ongovemors of ^J.iyng fg^. information to day from 4 to 6 p. i%.in the West order to acquaint freshman tk® Mathematical Association, of any of the officers listed, name, age, Reception Room of the Union. Ao-
address and complete detail of me- cording to Harry Hudson, chairchanical experience should be in- man of the Exchangie, no mora
boolcs will be received, but selling
Need Students
will continue.
Charles L Kaufman To Pick Tomatoes
at 4:15 p. m. Tuesday in the Worn- sion on separation axioms and their Flying Status paying out en’s Gym. api lication in the theoiy of a locally . xn x. • • through the week.
All women counselors are urged connected theological space. j n ^ ^ ^ laining Exchange will be open from ' ' • assistant to the chief ac- Part time employment picking-to-to hi ing their counselees. Faculty wi e processed througfi a recep- ^ ^g g Wednesday, 'from 4 to 5 countant of the Univei'sity for the matoea will be offered to Uiuversity advi.s^rs and WAA officers will be /Margaret GraVeS Thursday, from 1 to 6 Friday and past five yeai*s, has resigned his students by fte botany department introduc^l, and a skit about spoi ts ^ dolph, flrooks or Kelly Field for a from U to 6 Saturday. All money position to accept an appointment in its expVimentkl plots. ' will be pie.scnted by some o± the ... 42, took a position at Na- ^hort training period. After the and unsold books must be claimed . x /w ■ n r. n of .i • ux - • members. poleon, 0., thiSkWeek as a bacteriol- training period the mechanics will Saturday. Those failing to com- ^ Grinnell College. Students piterostefi in obtaining WAA mombei'ships will be sold og:ist at a tomato canning plant. i-f ^ will automatically forfeit their Iowa, Kaufman, a ^rad- wqi'K awed :repat!t to t|iQ in the gym after the tea. and call- Miss Graves attended the Univer- ‘I'^**"’y non-commissionrid offi- ^.g ^oney or books. Left nate of Eureka College, Eureka, 9»a»n oAlco Of thft .botany depack. day night nnless you are notified outs for various sports will be si,ty of Colorado for two years be- ratings and possibly may earn over books wjU be sold on the whole- III., will take over his new dotiea laent in tiio Ag»iebltu»a otherwise. posted/ fore entering the University. a flying status. eipde market. on. Station.
NOTICE TO EXPONENT STAFF There will be no Exponent MonPurdue iJxponent Sunday, September 6, 1942
''ii'-i. ,
Page 2
m
■V . ■ Purdue Exponent
Offices: Iditprial and Business, Purdup f^^priai Union, Phone 4005 Sposts, Fieldhouse, Phone 279i Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Editnr>in-C!ucf,...„.. N<iws- 'Editor..: Mannifsnip Editor Sporis Editor ..Ha.sincss Manafrer ...,..: Cir^xulalion Manaper.. Coed Editor
John F. AmoB Don T. BropTiy ..John H. Armatrong Robert L. Hadley .....Wmiant D. MiDard Ken K. Gjemre Alice Chaiaeld
\ PubiicaHon Staff ^ Aseociate Editors Edilorir.1 StaflF: R. W. Boswinkle, D. E, Butz, W. G. Hoskine, A. r. HunUr. D. W. Ochiltree, W. E. Rafert. Sports SfulT: D. E. Brewer, J. S. Dawson, E. L. Karplck. (<u>d Staff: Sally Beall, Charlotte Hass, Jean Lauer. Business Staff Cviod Business Manager: Julia Martin. Advertising Managers: J. M. Wright, D. L. Johnson. Circulation Manager: G. H. Klouman. .Accounts Manager.: Trc-na Torrenga. Junior Coed Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane Keim.
CditM
The Purdue Independent
h4f
i-cm«
Managing Editor Business Manager Coed Editor....V.. . Spoils Edifor. Advorlising Manager . Acecunfs Manager Circulation Manager...
Dave Barta ..Ed Humphrey Elwin Welhaum ....Roberta Kessler Bill KUligrew .....Scott Brown George Paine^ ..Harold Hendricks'
Staff For This Issue :isli( Editor: Butz Sports Editor: Btewdr l.ry E'litof: Beall Issue Editor: Stephenson \V:irUcro: Vermilion, Murphy, Parsons, Golden, Gaylord,
I'.nh red ns second class matter dt the post office in Lafay.ttf. liidiana. under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, ,"!d tit the special rate of postagb provided for in, section lln;’,, ac'i of October 3, 1917', authorized January 20, 1922. I'ul.iishMl on Tuesday, Thursday, Friday and Sunday mornings viin-iibr th j year. Delivered locally by carrier for $1.76 for a . ■ nusfer or S3.00 for two semesters; by mail for $2.00 for a r. ihi!: Il l- or $3..70 for two semesters. / -nmiii.r semester; mailed subscription $1.60. lUpr;«ented for national advertising by National Advertisiii-' .Sd-vice, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 120 M.ndifon -Vve., New York, N. Y.
Revolution In Education • . . The advent o£. war inevitably brings about widespread changes in almost every phase of human existence, sometimes for betterment, but more often for destruction. The present world-wide shake-up is in the process, now, of revolutionizing the United States’ system of higher education—shaking out the deadwood, and streamlining universities and colleges for production ofv types of minds needed in the war’effort. Six hundred leaders of the nation’s schools and colleges gathered in Washington last week while various government officials, including Manpower Chief Paul V. McNutt, Lieut. Brehon B. Somervell and others outlined the revolutionary measures the government deems it necessary to take to convert the schools to war-time production.' In adc|ition to pointing out that every a)^ bodied boy is destined for military service, Somervell told assembled educators that “It is the job of the schools and colleges to provide the opportunity for ever^^Outh to equip himself for a place in iwinnin^ the war. You must do Lhis regardless of cost, time, inconvenience, the temporary side-tracking of non-war objectives, or even temporary serapping of peacetime courses. Every classroom is a citadel.” ^ ■ Essentially this means that the old, leisurely system of college for the financially able is out for the duration, possibly forever, as the Army and Navy move in to offer education to tho.se boys who give early promise of making good engineers, physicists, or technicians u.sable by the armed forces. There will no longer be the aspect of well-to-do fathers sending sonny back to school year after year so he can finally be propelled from the institution with an undeserved diploma in his hand and his head full of non-
, .semse.
Id' the present plan receives government appx:ova], which it gives every indication of doing, universities will take in boys only from the upper portions of their high school classes, hnuncially able or not, and'send them through schTJol at the government’s expense. Higher education of only the intelligent, deserving boys who show signs of going ]'jlaces, long a topic of discussion in prominent educational circles, is being forcibly put into effect by pressure of war.---w.g:h.
2ricl LE Joel J. Dilworf-h . . .”pf Michigan City, formerly a student in t.he University, appointed to Randolph Field in Texas v.'lujre he will take a nine weeks course in advanced iiying. After he graduates, he will receive his wings a; pilot in the United States Army Air Force.
Frank B. Meinke
... a former student at the University has been a navigation cadet for the past few months at Turner Fii'ld at Albany, Georgia. He was recently commissioned a second lieutenant in'the Army Air Force.
George D. Canatsey
... former instructor, of bacteriology, and a gradu-
ate of the University, has received an appointment as iii'st lieutenant in the Army Sanitary Corps. He reported for duty September 4 at the General Hos-,
pital inJDenver, Colo. ' ,
qUmSIBKIOM MERRY-40-ROIIMF By Drew Pearson Brewers, Bottlers Cooperate To Conserve Scrap Metal; Many Complications Arise WASHINGTON---While Donald Nelson was talking about getting tough and really winning the war, ’ some of his aides on the War Production Board finally worked out a compromise with the brewers and soft drink bottlers for the collection of tin cans. The compromise caused quite a backstage battle but it may work out. Some of the more* idealistic minded members-of the WPB feel, however, that the compromise represents the difference between all-out war and half-hearted war. , ' • Here is the basis of the compromise; 1. The brewers and bottlers will get all No. 10 (gallon size) tin cans, and will cut bottle caps out of the side. But they will turn over the tops and bottoms of the cans to the Government, plus all that is left of the sides when they jget through punching out
bottle tops.
2. The brewers and bottlers also will use their trucks to help collect small tin cans from housewives and communities and turn over 100' per cent of the small cans to the Government. In' other words this means that the manufacturers of beer and soft drinks will skim the cream of the tin cans. For the big No. 10 eahs are the easiest to process, and also the easiest to, collect, for they are used by hospitals, colleges and army camps. The smaller tin cans, used by the housewife, are much harder to collect, and the brewers and bottlers can perform a real service in gathering them for the Government, especially in the smaller towns, where it is harder to collect scrap. • Officials Worry Aboul' Plan Offsetting this favorable factor are some others which worry WPB officials charged with collecting scrap. / 1st—A lot of “drys” will resent having beer trucks cooperate in the scrap collection campaign. 2nd—It is already reported that the brewers and bottlers are planning to use the tin can collection drive as an excuse for getting new tires and gasoline. At present they are a non-essential industry^^nd__£_8m’t get new tires. 3rd, and most important^—Scrap tin and the scrap iron in cans are desperately needed by war industries. They need ALL of it, not fifty or sixty per cent. So: the alternatives are: to keep a few more war factories running or to have a bit more bottled beer and
soft drinks.
In some areas there is no question that soft drinks and beer induce temperance. But on the other hand, the nation has seen many, many years when beer was served chiefly on draught, and soft drinks were made largely from syrups at soda fountains. Beer was carried home in a bucket and modern tin caps were riot used on bottled soft drinks. Maybe that day will come back. But for the time being those at. the top of the WPB insist that the bottlers and brewers get their share of the tin cans. And perhaps if the bottlers work hard enough, they collect enough cans to make their cooperation oY^rMlance'its definite disadvantages. • Incendiaries Prove Effective Most people don’t realize it but the U. -S. Chemical Warfare Service is"'engaged not onH in making poison gas—which it hopes never will be resorted to— but also makes smoke screens and incendiary bombs. Incendiaries have become particularly important. It is. no longer a military secret to disclose that the British, and also U. S. bombers, have found it increasingly effective to use more incendiary bombs mixed with high explosive bombs. Experience has shown that several hundred incendiary bombs, following high explosives, start so many fires that it is impossible for fire wardens to put them ,all out. Under Maj.-Gen. William N. Porter, the Chemical Warfare Service very quietly has made some important improvements in incendiary bombs. And they are still working. To improve bombs and chemical weapons, Gen. Porter has appointed a crack civilian committee including President James Conant of Harvard; Dr. Roger Adams, University of Illinois; Professor William A. Noyes, University of Rochester; G. M. A. Stine, vice president of duPont'; and Colonels William V. Kabrich and Martin B. Chittick, • Barnes Get'S Front Office Job At a time when lack of oil tankers is one of our worst defeats, and production of new tankers is supposed to be rushed with terrific speed, some of this work ha^^^en placed in the hands of well-intentioned amateurs. , Julius H. Barnes, intimate friend of Herbert Hoover and former president of the U. S. Chamber of Commerce, hAs undertaken to build tankers both for the Maritime Commission and Standard Oil. He headed up the Barnes Duluth Shipbuilding Company with the highest motives—to provide employment for workers in the region of Duluth, Minn., and, to increase the American supply of tankers. But Barnes’ civic spirit proved superior to his shipbuilding ability. A skillful promoter, he had dabbled in wheat, postage meters and linen looms, all with considerable success, and apparently he thought shipbuilding would be just another promotion job. But Barnes failed to satisfy delivery requirements. The Maritime Commission loqked into his affairs, found he was short of working capital. Local banks were unwilling to extend further credit unless they could see greater expertness to the company’s management. And the Maritime Commission frowned on the nepotism involved in Barnes having a brother pn the pay-roll as assistant treasurer. As a result the company has been reorganized. Baines has been left as president and front man, but an expert shipbuilder has been taken on as operations
manager.'
• Hitler Stooge Runs For Office' Folks in South Carolina at first joked, now arif getting sore over the fact that Bos Best, former newsman now broadcasting for Hitler, is running for Congress from South Carolina. Best was a corres^i^dent in Vienna, at the last minute refused to leave Germany, now broadcasts Hitler’s radio propaganda to the United States on short-wave from Berlin. His latest stunt is to ask the people of SoutA Carolina to write his name in on the ballot as Congressman at large next November. He claims that he has maintained his citizenship and. has a right to run for office even though absent.
GRIN Al«> BEAR rr t
If
By HfcMy Personnel Notes Companies scheduled to visit the campus: Goodyear Ti^ and Rubber Gomjiany, Akron, Ohio. September 8, 9, 10. . The Pennsylvania Railroad. September 8. Interested in C. E. and E. E. McDonnell Aircraft Corporation, St. Louis, Mo. September 9, 10. General Motors Corporation, Detroit, Mich. September 9, 10, 11. The Prest-O-Lite Co., Ihc., Indi-anapolis-Coming September 15. Interested in M. E., Met. E., Gh. E., and Industrial E. Sign in.Personnel Office by Monday, September 14. North American Aviation, Inc., 'Inglewood, Cabf.—Coming September 17 and 18. Interested in Dec. M. E., C. E., E. E., and Aero. E. Sign in Personnel Office by Saturday, September 12, 1942:
©104* Cliicago Times. Jnc. Bog. U. S Put 0«,. All Ht9. Hi
7-^
“Now don’t ask daddy any more questions, Junior. . . I imagine he’s sick and tired of you shooting his strategy full of holes.”
Freshmen' Must Learn
Carnegie-Illinois Steel Corporation, Cliicago, 111.-—Interested in women who have majored in Chemistry or who have had at ledst 2 years of this subject. Sign in Personnel Office by Saturday, Septem-
ber 12.
U. S. Civil Service Commission announces openings for junior physicists, $2,000 a year; and medical itechnicians, $l,446-$2,000 a year. There are no written examinations for these positions. Applications may be obtained at the ■ Lafayette Post Office. For further information call the Placement Service for V/omen' (2955). ; .
piayshop Will Hold Callout Next Thursday Purdue Players, campus dramatic ■ honorary, will hold an open meeting for all students who are interested 111 Piayshop as an activity next Thursday evening at 7:30 in Fowler Hall, according to Marianna Duke,
Players secretary. ^
At the meeting Dr. H. Kenn Carmichael will read a light and amusing play, and several of the Players will present a short play, “The Miracle of the Danube”. The whole, meeting will be conducted in radio style. Those freshmen who came to the call-outs last week are espe-
cially urged to attend.
Charles 0. Lee . . . of the Pharmacy School, was named as vice-president of the American Pharmaceutical Aesociation at a meeting held recently in Denver, Colo. Dean Glenn L. Jenkins was elected vice-chairman of the
House of Delegates.
Everything. for a College Education D^IAC’S
By Stan Shipnoski As new students become. acclimated to University life they will undoubtedly come into contact with many of .the old and time-honored traditions that have—grown iq) through the years and have become a part of the Uiiiverisity’s ' cliar-
acter.
First in order of strict observance is the student’s duty to refrain from walking on the cross on. the floor of the Great Hall of the Union. The cross was placed there in cornmemoration of University men who lost their lives overseas in the last war. Names of these men appear on the plaque behind the cross. . Mustaches On t he Rim Most popular of the University traditions with the fretshman eds is that only seniors wear mustaches and light tan cords. It isn’t the fact that, the freshmen are overjoyed because they have l^^ut six more semesters before they are entitled to wear them. No, tliere is more behind this, as all will see when the, announcement comes out in a few weeks that there is open .litrison on seniors. Then is the time when
fre.siimen eds really shine, for during a certain period they may relieve the seniors of both the cords. and niustaches.. On the day. of tlie. first football game those seniors v/ho have survived tlic freshmau “hunt” jiarade into the stadium resplendent in the cords, equipped ivitli nuistaches (perhap:3 a bit razor worn), canes and derbies. The derbies are thrown into the air wlien the first Rivetei score is made. Freshmen also have an attire of their own. Every freshman wears a pot until the annual pot burning ceremony, in early spring. Speaking of attire, it is traditional that no one. is permitted to wear atliletic and letter sweaters outside of those that are black and bear the old gold “P.” lU-Purdue Play For Bucket At the Purduo-Indiana football game, both teams compete 'for the Old Oaken Bucket. The winning team gets to keep the bucket for its Rcliool, and another letter is added ot the string of seventeen letters (Sec TRADITIONS, page 4)
TODAY - MONDAY
NOW SHOWING DOUBLE FEATURE Action,. Color, Excitement with LaMour -in the. kind of role that made her famous! ALOMA OF THE SOUTH SEAS In Technicolor with DOROTHY LAMOUR JON HALL
BMDOLPH SSOTT aENE TIERNEY
—STARRING— BILL HENRY SHEILIA RYAN WALT DISNEY CARTOON
Mrs. Thin Man goes on a spree ' With a brand new HE! , A RIOT OF FUN! , THIRD FINGER LEFT HAND with MYRNA LOY MELVIN DOUGLAS
SGOBEE’S
— /U.,L KINDS OF PHOTOCRAI'fUC .SUI'PLIS — Fresh Film and Film Pi::'. ^— Try Our Quality .Kodak Finishing — PROMPT SERVICE— PHONE 2343 1,05 NORTHWESTERN AVE.
\MXmBW ^ Dennis 0’Keefe>Jane Fraze<
— BOTH HITS — - TODAY - MONDAY — LUMA
/
'ALMOST A MIRACLEI'
OYER^TOm
MAKE-UP
MARS
■NOW PLAYiNGBUT WXB sums and BONDS at Tltli niATIIlr
BY C^7tmCiS4>.
NOW PLAYING
urmetu '\t!ir WAR STAMPS and BONDS at his
.o»oo»
lOH»»
FOUR SMART SHADIS
Soft • Brilliant Deep ♦ Argentine Apply with moist sponge or cotton pad
$1.50
Mid.
("I
'' iS
r I
i -g5 f
Sunday^ September 6, 1942
, f
Boitermakhr Sports
Pdg^3
Many Grid Candidates y/ere Prep Captains Providing past experience means anything, the Boilermaker football squad should have more than ample leadership on the gridiron this fall. A survey of the Boilermaker varsity reveals that seventeen of the candidates served as captains or coeaptains of tiieir high school elevens before entering Purdue. , Former Hoosier high school captains on the squad include Bob Bachmann, promising ■
sophomore halfback from LaPorteBob Chester, Vincennes halfback who was the Big Ten’s leading punter last season; Cecil David, sophomore
s
ports Communique By Bob Hadley
guard from Hammond; Otto Hurrle, sophomore center prospect from Cathedral, Indianapolis; Ewell O’Brayon, husky letterman tackle rom Wiley, Terre Haute, and Heniy Stram,sparkling sophomore hack from Lew Wallace, Gary. Two From Fenger > Fenger high school, Chicago, boasts two former captains who are Bpth strong candidates for starting assignments, Dick Barwegen, sophomore guard who was the winner of the Preshjnan Football Mierit Trophy last spring, and Alex Leugo, veteran letterman center. Other former high school pilots from the Chicago distiict include Ed Cycenas, speedy halfback from Tilden; Norman Maloney, sophomore end from Fenwick; Eugene Matrewitz, sophomore tacke from Proviso Township, Maywood, and William Powers, lone letterman guard from St. George, Evanston. Many Out of State , Sioux Palls, S. D., has furnished Barry French, dieadnaught junior thckle who is consideied an outstanding candidate for all-team honors, while Walter Cook, senior letterman back, foinieily led Casper, Wyo., on the gridiron. Vincent “Rocky” Snyder, veteran quarterback, captained Washington high school, Massillon, Ohio, and Bill Newell, junioi centei, led Staffoid, Has'. Andy Berkley, shifty sophomore badk from Dayton, Ky, not only captained the football eleven, but was honored by being selected as leader of the basketball and track teams. ,
Cheer Leaders To Hold Call Out Tomorrow Both eds and coeds have been invited to attend the first callout for cheer leader tryouts, to be held tomorrow afternoon at 4:00 p. m. in Room 104 of the Pieldhouse. Bruce' Adams, senior yell leader, announced that consideration would be given new tryouts, as well as experienced ;yell leaders, and that experience Was preferred but not necessary. — Points, Letters Given Any student with a pleasing personality, an easy stage presence, and any tumbling ability, is desired, with coeds receiving activity points in WAA for their work, and ed cheer leaders being awarded letters in their senior year. Both eds and coeds will receive k0ys. Adams, along with the cheer leaders of last year, will meet the yell candidates in the meeting. Candidates will practice five days a week from 4 to 6 p. m. at the first of the year, with less time being required toward the close of the football
season.
Notice Bids for the concession privilege at Purdue’s home football, baseball, and track engagements during the coming athletic season will be received in the office of Guy Mackey, athletic director, up until Saturday, Sept. 19, it was announced yesterday. Sealed bids for the concession privilege will be opened on Sept. 19 and tMi contract awarded to the successful bidder. j
Some good news emanated from the direction of St. Elizabeth’s Hospital yesterday when tackle Carl Volkman emerged completely recovered from the kick on the head he sustained in practice Thursday afternoon. The season’s No. 1 casualty was committed to the hospital Thursdaif evening for observation, in order to be certain that there was no skull fracture. The reports were negative and so Volkman will return to the practice field this week, although he jft-obably will not take on any Strenuous work for several days. , A lot of people have been wondering what became of slipperyjhipped George McAfee, who sped up and down the gridiron for the Bears last season. McAfee is playing this fall with the jhcksonville Na'val Air Station, and will probably be most of the team. He is playing with a club that has its share of former All-Americans and pros, but there are none of the roster that are likely to'.^oirt-shine the 180-lb. halfback if he goes like he has fa^een in the habit going for the last two years. j McAfee, who originally hailed from Duke, has played ti^o^years l^ith the Bears 3nd one of those years included a 19-game Schedule, ^ince becoming a “Chief Specialist” in the Navy, he has also indulged in baseball, playing in the outer garden. !H^ maintained a ,370 clip with his’b^t for the season, and was described as being one of the fastest men ever
seen on the basepaths.
Indiana University seems to have some sort of grip on the “Most Valuable Player” pedestal in Western Conference baseball. Righthander Johnny Logan was the second consecutive lU hprler to be so honored, the 1941 award having been presented to Don Dunker. Logan also led the lU diamond squad at the plate with a .390 average for the conference contests. For a while there it looked like the only close race in either the National or American Leagues would be that between the Browns and Indians for the junior circuit’s third position. If those much discussed Dqdgers don’t hole up at Ebbett’s Field pretty soon and start collecting some ball games, they are going to see their lead, which has dwindled to three and one-half games, shaved down further by the threatening Cards. The Caids have waited rather long to make a bid for the pennant, and those last three games are going to be haid ot pick up if the Podgqifs^ decide to get a little worried about squatters moving in on their'shcred teriitory at the head of the National League.
S Ideal VarsHyman Burnham Uses speed
WillBe5-11;Slram, French Extremes
INTRAMURALS
10
11
The following regular Softball
games will be played Tuesday eve-
ning, September 8, at 4:16: Diamond ,
1 Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Tau 12
Kappa Epsilon.
2 Pi Kappa Phi vs. Alpha Kap-
pa Lambda.
3 Delta Upsilon vs. Sigma Pi. 4 Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Delta Chi. 6 Acacia vs. Sigma Chi. 6 Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Lambda
Chi Alpha.
7 Phi Kappa Tau vs. Phi Kappa. 8 Beta Sigma Psi vs. Phi Gam-
ma Delta.
9 Theta Xi vs. Theta Tau.
Kappa Delta Rho vs. Alpha Sigma Phi. Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Sigma Nu. Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Kappa
Psi.
Alpha Chi Rho vs. Delta Tau
Delta.
Beta Theta Pi vs. Alpha Tau
Omega.
Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Tau
Epsilon Phi.
Triangle vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. Theta Chi vs. Phi Delta Theta. These are the first games of the regular six game schedule to be
played this fall.
13
14
15
16 17
Southworth’s
IF YOU FORGOT IT WE’VE GOT IT AT WORTHWHILE SAVINGS!
That item that you forgot to get during book 1 rush is here waiting for you.
• FORM PAPER • NOTE BOOKS • PENS, PENCILS • ERASERS, INK • ALL SCHOL SUPPLIES • STUPY LAMPS for your room.
• BOOK ENDS • PICTURES and PICTURE FRAMES • PURDUE PENNANTS • DESK HOTTER PADS • RADIOS, PHONOGRAPHS, RECORDS • SPORT GOODS OF ALL KINDS
SAVE AT
The “ideal” 1942 football player, as determined by the averages of the 41 players who now comprise Coach Elmer Burnham’s varsity squad, will have the following general specifications: Weight—189 pounds. Height—6 ft., 1114 in. Age—20 years, 5 months. Pieparation for combat service in the nation’s armed forces as members of the Army, Navy or Marine Corps Reserves runs hand in hand with the University and football training for a large percentage of the squad, with a slight leaning toward the Navy. Typical Midwesterner The average Boilei maker will also he a typical midwesterner, for alCthough 11 states are lepresented on the rostgr, all but six of the varsity candidates come from Indiana or one of four neighboring states. Hoosierdom itself claims 24 candidates. The gridders are almost evenly divided by classes, the squad containing 13 sophomores, 13 juniors, and 16 seniors. Barry French, sturdy, fast-mov-ing junior tackle from Sioux Falls, S. Dak., and Heniy Stram, versatile sophomore halfback from Gary, provide the two extremes in size, i’rench, who won his spuis as a regular last season and is expected to be a leading candidate for allteam honors, stands 6 ft., 1 in., and weighs 220 pounds, while Stram, runner-up for the Freshman Football Merit Trophy last spring, weighs but 162 pounds and stands but 5 ft., 6 in. As far as scholastic inclinations are concerned, practically eveiy school in the University is represented, running the gamuit from agriculture through engineering. Entries For Freshman Billiards Due Thursday Entries for the freshman rotation billiard tournament will be received until next Thursday. Thirtyeight have already signed up. The first game was played last Friday, resulting in a victory for James Fleager over E. H. Neese. Games will be played daily until winners reach a limit of 4, 5, 6 or 7 who will play a Round Robin contest for first, second and third prizes of ?3, $2, and $l’s worth of free play respectively. Owen House
9
. . . SC A, announced the election of the following officers: president, C. R. Coleman; vice president, Fred Wolf; secretary. Bill Boswinkle; treasurer, Steve Freeman; purchasing agent, Ed Clements; kitchen manager, Mervin Lynch; house ^nanager, Bob Childs, and social chairman, Lawrence Boyer.
Deception In Practice Climaxing the first week of Boilermaker pigskin drills on Ross-Ade Field behind the Fieldhouse, Coach Elmer Burnham ran the 1942 Gold and Black grid potentials through their fastest and toughest scrimmage of the new season yesterday
afternoon.
Speed, passing and deception keynoted the Riveter mentor's afternoon session, as three varsity squads roughed-it with the “B” defensive squad for over
Yell Leaders The opening meeting for all students interested in being Purdue yell leaders will be held tomorrow, Monday, Sept. 7, at 4 p, m. in Room 104 of the Field-
house.
—ADAMS
Allspaw States Golf Links Are In Top Shape
two hours. Burnham’s theory that “the best defense is a good offense” was well in evidence as the offensive-minded coach ran the complete squad through one of the most spirited drills to be seen on Boilermaker
soil.
Emphasizes Deception, Speed Throughout the first week of fundamental drills for the most strenuous schedule in Riveter football history, Burnham has placed the emphasis on deft ball handling, timing, and faking, designed to conceal the point of attack until the last possible moment. Yesterday’s practice session put all these into effect. The short punt formation, with va-
Favoiable weather conditions and riation, provided the basis for this unceasing work have put the entire deceptive offense. 18 holes of the new University golf With but three wedis until the course, located on a rolling 165 acre opening whistle sounds in Ross-Ade tiact west of the Ross-Ade stadium,' Stadium, when the re-vamped squad in excellent condition for play by faces the mighty Rams of Fordham the student body and general pub- University, the Boilermaker mentor he at the present time, it was point- will continue to experiment with ed out last night by Harry Allspaw, line-ups, combinations, and decepcouise superintendent and golf tive plays to present to the opcoach. ponents. Special Student Rate Teams Take Offensive The course is now open to play The first varsity line to take the by the student body at any time at field yesterday, possibly indicating the special rate of 30c for nine holes the bulk of the forward wall to see or 50c for 18 holes, and plans are action, included: Shimer and <Mcalieady underway for All-Campus Caffrey, ends; French and Warren, and All-Fraternity tournaments to tackles; Powers and Barwegen, be held this fall. Entries for the guards; and Leugo, center. In the All-Campus tournament are now backfield. Bob Hajzyk was at quaybeing accepted at the equipment ter. Bill Buffington at fullback posicheck room in the Fieldhouse, and tion, and Kenny Smock and John dates for qualifying rounds are ex- Andretich at halfback spots. Backpected to be announced within the field positions, however, were shiftnear future. ed from time to time. The unofficial opening of the Burnham’s second team to take sporty 6,500 yard, par 72 course, the offensive against the “B” squad was held last Memorial Day when 'was as follows: Smerke and Harris, the first foursome to tee off on the ends; O’Bryan and Stoelting, 18 hole layout was composed of Guy tackles; DeMaria and Ruggeri, Mackey, athletic director; Elmer guaids; and VanAken, center. BackBurnham, head football coach, and field action saw Rocky Snyder at Mel Taube and Sam Voinoff, assist- quarteiback; Berkley at full, and ant coaches. Cycenas and Chester as halfbacks. Both the No. 1 and No. 10 tees Considerable Ground Gaining of the 18 hole course are located A thitd backfield which saw connorth of the three-hole practice siderable action consisted of Stram course near the northwestcorner of at quarter, Winkler at fullback, and the Ross-Ade stadium, and the Cook and Berto at halfback posiparking area directly north of the tions. All backfields did considerstadium has been made available to able ground gaining via the air golfeis. route and by speedy running plays. The hole by hole layout of the Many of the passing plays netted new course follows: from 10 to 15 yards a thrust. OUT NINhi IN NINE Cail Volkman, injured in a pileNo. Yds. Par No. Yds. Par up in Thursday night’s scrimmage.
424 369
10 11
430. 394
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS University Booh Store Across From tJnioa id** Sammons *29 “Doc** Epple *40
3 466 5 12 130 3 4 240 3 13 515 5 5 398 4 14 156 .. 3 6 186 3 15 380 4 7 516 5 16 400 .. 4 8 350 4 17 405 4 9 440 4 18 335 .. 4
3389 36
3146 36
HJRDUE BOCK &SlJniY STORE
308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE INQ
QUALITY CLEANING Adds Extra Life to Your Wardrobe
Southworth’s 9
Make your favorite dresses a star part of your wardrobe for longer periods by insisting upon higher quality eleaning. The extra wearing life you gain makes the difference worth while.
Northwest'ern and Vine Sts.
Phone 4081
was )back in uniform and worked out with the gridders. Michigan May Lose Boor; Opens Season Grid Drills Tomorrow ANN ARBOR, Mich., Sept. 6— When some 60 football candidates repoit for the first practice session at Michigan Monday, Coach Fritz Crisler may be without the services of Don Boor, chunky fullback from Dearborn who was being groomed for the job as successor to AllAmerican Bob Westfall in the Wolveiine backfield this fall. Boor injured the ligaments in a knee while sliding into third base during the Michigan-Notre Dame baseball game last April 29 and they have failed to respond completely to treatment. Will See Physician First He will consult with physicians before donning a uniform in the event that he is able to report Mon.day. If they give him the green light it will relieve Ciisler of a large sized headache, but if Boor is advised not to play it likely will throw the fullback job open to a scramble between a pair of sophomores. Bob Wlese of Jamestown, N. D., and Don Lund of Detroit. Understudying Westfall as a sophomoie a year ago,. Boof was impressive and showed consideiabie of Westfall’s finesse on spinner plays. In baseball he played first
base.
I’rank McCarthy, rangy senior from Biimmgham who for two years has been an outstanding stab on the Michigan track team, will be among the 60 football candidates repotting to Coach Fritz Crisler Monday for the initial practice. In high school McCarthy was «n all-state end. He also starred for ^ year at Cianbrook prepartqry school before coining to Michigan where he has devoted his athletic interests solely to track in which he has performed capably as a hurdler, high jumper and broad jumper.rtie-
UK* [f
- ^ ' ^ «
• * “ * I ^ ! ^ ' ^ ||j Praternities Announce Pfcdges For Fall Semester ^ ^ ^ ~ ^ ^ \ H* ^ ,-,.[ ,f{\: ^ ^ ^ ■]■• ';, ^ ., . . . ~ ,, the pledging of J Ondeijka, R the pledging of W. W Byine, S J Indianapolis, R Lash, Paimeis- Tf.adition<: n,aa?n\" TuLtTsV ... social fiateinity, announces Rossi, W Hall, C McCall, J Hillc Ciea, R K Deg^i, W G Eagle, liuig, E Cionin, Wittensville-, w ,cai of i icidhouse All mtenstod ati^d ^oom los of the Umon shirttJesjmd the pledging of J. Cophei, Elwood, biandt, J Hollnian, P Sheiidan, J G W Essei, M J Portuiia, Ifif K6i- Mass , ll Hill, Logansport^ P. Montifiiied from page 2) ^ piospcttivc piVIp-'s ” '■' " —bendBR ^ ^ Blue, Teaneck, N. J.; and D pitts, C Westin, D Obeigoennei, tis, J H King, J G Kujawa, T J Pressler, Fort Wayne, L Becheilc, ^i^eady on it Ten of these ale P’s, to*’the""l‘rtl'omm“ M.htary Train,nlTluhio^s Umitirt.to Horth, Indianapolis. w. Easly, R Smith, R Bodley. L Macky, E W Nealon, R A Obeig- Kansas City, Mo , R Schultz, Foit two of them IP’s signi- ‘'ft 'co'p‘? 5^,’X^o“r’SayTnri'^Turday o"£ tSl’tl Hammel, G Jones, K Plenties, C fell, N Paikei^ F. K Peiiy, R K Wayne, C Holmes, Chicago, H fQ^* that yeai The pomm Keys are now available at nw- week to diaw khiki Alpha Chi Rho Locke, R Band, j Eiickson, J Pritchard, R J Roberts, E W Ruff, Geyei, Logansport, R Petiack, Chi- 3^326 when some- -hunt ^- . t. social frateimty, announces Jayb.ll, R Mallory L Rpnkle B J F Ryan R R Sachs, W P. Sim- chgo,H Jackson, Chicago C Hail- ^.^ggested that an old oaken „ ™d''4ry'= r^o™ »e' pledging of D. Boston, Louis- O’Toole, Cleveland, Fishei, S Phil ons, H Valente, V C Zettel son, Maplewood, N* J , J Miller, t)ucket be used as a symbol of tke ;iesirint, to apply for the Enlisted Reserve day Stpi 8 at 7 p nn watt ViUp, Ky , G Dgvis, Michigan City, lips, C Seely, W Eostei, G Updike Foit Wayne, L Sanders, PeOria, ,,jy^jj-y Geoige Ade, piominent of” fii'('^A'imoiy''*I^rc ihm lu n.il topliomuii Wesley Foundation Uunfd Momh.r. There S Dtokey, Mtiwmkee, G E.tl, Bat- and J Bush phj KappS Sigma ™ ■ ^ J.’ ,** Unive.a.ty alumnus, auel Hatty 'J'i Si “J Si‘S tfn'SSS, 7*“' tie Creek, Mich, W Holland, ^ social fiateinity, announces Bojinofr, Foit Wayne, T ewi^In- Cuiiie of Indiana found a moss cov- —graham WALLACE Evansville, J Hunt, Cedai Lake, N Delta Tau Delta the pledging of Geihaid Fox, Eliza- •lud J HendriCCS, ay- bucket in an old well, ha-d it Jmuor Military students Who were for Senvcnois Thtie will be a meeting toKautskv, Indianapolis, R Hupp, _ social fiateinity, announces beth, N J, Chailes Culbeitson, lepaiicd, and it has been used evei ^in^oipuil"'UnioV'‘'stnff“ fm ™ho'*’maSnf must bl Chicago, J Shaw, Hobart, T. Til- the pledging of W CaiIson, Wheat- Pittsbuigh, Pa , Waltei Zapel, Chi- since. the ci ntntot w.ii picasc iaii at.the M.iitaiy selected
ton, Olney, 111, and B Woodhull, rj ^ g Gibbs, Downeis Grove, cago. 111, William Jennings, Jeff- Sigitia Nu Elrpira, NY 111 , R Billett, Evanston, 111 , H eisonville, Allan Johnson, Ashland,
Boilermaker Name Sticks
tho
Dtpurtmeni Supply Office and obtain rc
fund of deposits
LI BROWN
M E 11, 65 66 Condition Exams, Condi-
SOCldl fldtcrnity, drinounCGS The TIRIUG BoilGima.kGl WUS a dl- rmck and Cross Country rheic will be given Satui lay Stpt 12 at 1 p m :(ii
Willoughby, Dayton, 0 , Ed Stute- Wis , William Joptz, Blythesville, the ple^dging of R Bishop, W Ains- rect quotation adopted by the stu- a meeting of all fill uack and cross oun mom S08 of the Mechanical Bngmeermg
~ F - - j» 1 n trj nidi Monday at 4 p m in ro im 1(H building Please notify Hall room 304 irrti
Aloha Gamma Rho ville, Evansville, J Stuckei, Veed Aik, Robeit Johnson, Oak Paik, woitli, J Sheheid, N, Diicoll, J dents fiom a Ciawfoidsville news- < r the i Khihonse Be tiure nrompiiv meintciy if you intend to take these exams
social fiateinity announces eisbuig, G Biutus, Pine Valley, R HI, Waltei Jones, Wairen, Ohio, Adee, R Shideler, T Millei, C papei after the football team ^PHILI ip the pledging of L C Bi’andt, Kent Scuddei, LaGiange, 111 , L Biutus, Robeit Kiaay, Hammond, Jack Jones, J Smith, P Nev.l, H Stohi- tiounced Wabash College sevciely ,.^»;'’-V";rthe InnH H T BinoP<5 Tipensfoik A Pme Valley, W Hallsteeii, Kenil Watson, Dayton, Ky , Fled Paikin- ei, C Demos, W Johnson, R Zim- in the fall of 1889 The papei called f,, tie fall s mesui will be eho', n and W Burgei Jaspei’R C Caldwell, Moith, 111, Caison Kent, Shakei son, Muncie, Geoige Kein, Vin- meiman, N Theobold, R Schneidei, the team “haymakeis,” “lailsplit fmui igerca uiii he distiibutod Pnnnei sville D T Davis Coivdon Heights, 0,0V Malloy, Elkhait, cennes, A1 Dyei, Shakei Heights, K Cage, J Ertel, J Tudoi, K teis, ’ boileimakeis, and othei — , n , D DeLong Indianapolis H H Du’ D Tippens, Wmnetka, 111, D Uii 0, and Donald Beckei, West Laf ay- Huizenga, B Aamodt, B Boice, J things Finally the student body, ^Xt^!"?\irete!" m Granrut, Milton, M E Heffley, Au- teed, Aiiioia, 111 , R Altgelt, South ette Kelly, J Mooieman, J Haiiisoii, L aftei using the phi ,, ,, coming seniestei must be istiblished ns burn J D Jeffiies Newcastle Bend, Dillon Moffat, Chokie, Minn E Hams, E Lindquist, B Nuckels, in chiding, stai ted calling the Uni- „„n as po sibi PUisebeinUme H. R. Mangus, LaPo’ite, J C Me’ Phi Kapoa TaU ® Stevenson veisity athletic teams, “Boilei- ° „ TT T Tijr 1 1 i. •! * makeis /oua\cs Pintn fii Coips Day drills
Cormic, Vincennes, H J Michel, UpSlIOIl . social iigternity, annountes m, + +i, nr t t? ii s pUmbei 211 mi 25 will b held Wedncniiy the Umon
Milford, H W Miles^ibeity, B B gocial fiateinity, announces the pledging of H Althaus, Louis- TaU EpSlIoil Phi afto'^athS vicLms 'Jhoubi aUend^’'"’”"' jacksSn"' Moore, New Castle, ShaiP, the pledging of P'-Aspinwall, Poit ville, Ky , R Goodemote, Bioad social fiateinity, announces R^^,tmns The bell is taken Union Defense ComnT j lountaim i Frgnkfoit, H D Sheiwood, Mitch- -Washington, N Y , J E Kieisle, Albin, N Y , 0 Meyei, Louisville, the pledging of W Kaplan, Wash- r^Ueltni ppp, Dip stiHinm ^ --itn i Suit.n. J Seh tt ell; W A Skinnei, Lafayette, W City, Ipd , R Blackball, Chi- Ky , R Pieice, Fiankfoit, P mgton, D C, E Jens, Hammond, ’^^S;arthe f- m mdiir ^rV\t VI'i " R Stotts, LaCiosse, G R Wilkin- cago Hts, 111 , B Webei, Chicago, Smock, Indianapolis, R Woody, R Abelson, Chicago, J Rosenblum, . ^ ® ^ —CHAPMAN son, Matkleville, and P C Winslow, tt Klein. Tulsa, Okla, L Mnnkel- Thointown Chicago, C Gaynes, Chicago, H ,, „ „ Union Music Rooms and Rceeptions C..tta*e L»6 istod, N 'y , P Wh.t,„6, R Lorbe.,H..t- ad.f.n, which "a?= ihg, LaPoite T H.id, Chicago, phi Sigma Kappa tid™^ S^t ».ust i‘L^v d k. 5^ t'Si"
W BcckcS. E Stock ,1. T,..,.„^,^,.„„„„ccs ^
\
—Al/LT
Kappa Psi I here will be fl meeimg next ihii'^dnj Sopl 10 at 8 p m In room 261 i the Union —PAINE P I A Board Important meeting Mph* d ly at 4 p m Coats and ties should >3e w in IS Debus pictuns will be taken
—SLEEPER
Reamers Ihcio Will he a mectini? Monday Stpt i at 7 15 p m in 304 of the Union \ —KNOTE ( eres Club Iheio will be i\n important tiiiff Tutfad ly Sept 8 it 7 80 p m m
-BRADFIELD
Classified
Ads
Alpha Kappa Lambda
. . social fiqteinity, announces ®U India^napolis,
the pledging of A Tissol J Brooks, Rocky Rn ei
Narigan, Buffalo, N Y , J. Rice, X^tm’eton V vI**’R ^Tewklb^^^ Oileans, La, P Hansel, Louis, Mo , L°Hill, Gaiy, M Weiss, Elkhait, R Knowlton, Ashland, ’ New Orleans, Pa , 0 Long, Maiion, Chicago, and M Saske, East ChiMass , J Seibei, Mansfield, Ohio, V- ® R Smeitzei, Gaiy, R Wood, Hunt- ^ Richaid Kirkpatnck, Foit Wayue, 5"^’ ^ J"" mgton, D Durfey, Wheaton, 111, R Barnes, Indianapolis, W Sniitz, lown, a ay ^ Miner, Hammond, J Cornelia, t I/- C *1
^ Bellfontaine, Ohio, R Barnaid, I aU Ivappa tpSIIOIl
Kappa Delta Rho Chicago , social fiaternity, announces
For Sale—Complcti. drawing set instrut ments etc Imimrt Paul Smith 346 North*
wc tern Av( West I afayette
„ 1 Ai Wanted—Boys t) do banquet work Apply M 1 viiiuio M p irdUL Union Cifcttiia All girls wishing
Loramittee S Colur
Smith meet in Union office
M nd ly Sei t
Hll LEU AND GLE
W Hollywood, Calif , W Zimmerman, Pueblo, Colo, and W "Mason,
Fort Wayne
Notices
It 1 1)
1 A , , All Organization Presidents n-m uu Social IiatGinity, annOUnCGS having your oie,anizations and letivity Sipt
Union Publicity Comm
Dri e 11 R S 1
C Pin} ly m tt in Umk n offict
1 m M ind i\ S pt
FRILR VND KAITLRIOIIN
Union Puttering Shops (omm 1 Cof ting J n ir i,an X Ctnn n A G1 lek B Still n},s 11 d J Stallings ni (1 J McM u\v Plan on nieet in Union offiee at i 15 p m
Lxtri work please leave names at Upion
Cnteteria
Lost—Dirk blown leather billfold Jinde?
Yiiinm C blui N , luise call Nyfircn Pbonc 45864 J Stallings J w uht *
Alpha Sigma Phi
the pledging of D Maitin, J Biehle, pj Alpha
D Ruth, B Biunegiaff, R Mon
the pledging of B Caipentei, eroups leady for tbe croup pictures for the Union Recreation (nmn
^ ° ^ Debris to be taken the last week in Sep
run R
R Cl uw t r
„.r Lllilnt K Millud R Levin It Mathis
Jamestown, N Y, A Hun, Hono- tember "”You wTl" bc'''nrilfiod"’Ts 'to the in Uii 11 othc< Tt 4 1 p m M iDij
exict time ind d.t. -HEC|vARD S(t NELSON AND HUTCHINS
Union Camera ind Clubs C < mm P Bill civ L Calder lli C M ly T M 11 1 C Quick meet in Union offict it 4 1 i u M ndny Sit" 1 URMAN
lulu, C Dickinson, Gaiy, H Fisk,
social fiateinity, announces Gulvei, G Fiedeiicks, Hammond,
T » pneio C Hildebiandt D Eblino sgciat Tidteijuey, ctiiiiuuiioca rjulvei, G Fiedeiicks, Hammond, Sigma Delta Psi Members I ocal kovs . social fiateinity, announces tj ’ OJ. the pledging of R C Baetzhold, rp t Smith Rond T Johnson ‘‘''«'>«>'le for mimbors Get them at , , „ „ V,, tt j Giay, B Wagnei, P Stiong and 7 -r. t ^ uend, d jonnson, Pay 1 lank MtCirr, the pledging of R Allen, Ham- w ht Buffalo, N Y, Vein Piiestman, peiu, L McConnell, Richmond, P —arnoid
mond, D Colasito, Detioit, Mich, Boston, H Saliscinsky, Chicago, J nison Jamestown N Y D Kea- i, , m , n ^ Students ciiss will b held _ T 1. tt 1 TT * 1 TT , „ , TT -.TT , IT Wlbon, Jainebbown, in 1 , JJ xr-ua bormcr Cary Club Momricrs Any fcliiws fii d 5 Si 11 8 11 t ai 1 t m< ri \ it E Jacobs, Hampton Roads, vei- ^ Coleman, Hammond, P Wibel, Lin- Richmond A Thiush Peiu intcrcbtid la isTociate Caiy ciui member 7 to p m m lowiei Hall mont, G Liak, Plymouth, D Mac Kappa Sigma ton, R A Hoian, Allegan, Mich, p y’ole, Gaiy ’ ’ X’’X.'\^rTh:7 '^Tbo?;'X".;dc -carmiciiaii Nary, LaPoite, R Maiwood, Rivei . , social fiaternity, announces R Spencei, Switz City, J U be non frateimty nimbus Mho havi Head Counselors Ihcrt will be i meetiiiB —, T XII -r* XT 1 1 a-L. 1 , « -r-TT X ^ T- -rr- fxr Iivcd lu tho hdlls fo»r or mor< som Rters f ill luul < unisdois m Iiulij S pt 11 Forest, 111 , K Nuckols, bhaker pledging of W Maicus, Louis- Thompson, Indianapolis, K W ^Iti —JAlkson it 1 uO j m m the 4ws tduL Bnrg m
Heights, Ohio, P Schioeder, Ro- yille, Ky , R Plank, Baitlesville, Stimm, Williamsville, N Y , G * neia Will Chester, N Y, and R Van Veld, Okla, D Casey, Rivei Foiest, 111 , Dunley, Elmhinst, 111 , W L Gates,
Hebron
W Jackman, Spiingfield, 111 , C Yoik, N Y
, « , Former Scouts and Scouters AIi ha Phi social irateinity, announces Omeg 1 national scuulmg md trvicc hon
icpf rts fu m all
lunsclois undpi yii —VANGORKON
Lost—BI ick Itathor notebook at registration N im( (Ti cover D G Whinery Phone tl 1 Rewar 1 Typewriters—Adding Machines all makes sold rented repaired and purchased Mime* ograph work done C J Ebershoff 606 Mninf. Laf yette Phone 2779 Monty to loan on diamonds watches gunt, ug,.,aKo typewriters Albert s Loan Office, 107 Co umbia Will pay cash for any old or new used ’icycks Kigci Shell Seivico Northwestern It Columbia Wanted—Pait time student for window dl I la^ show caid woiK and inttnqr store dl \ lav SLat( (xpericnce Reply Exponent H( X No 1
A Boigeiison, Rivei Foiest, 11! , Bielinell, and J Bittenbender, New the pledging of D Stuhmei, South ■io'i"of°the'utnon*’ 'ir^? uesii ly" ix^hdd^ Huisday Sipt lo it 7 io p m
Club Members Ihc mcctn g will
Alpha Tau Omega
Fischei, Evansville, F Hoinei,
, , , , ^ .1,1k, Pa, P Westcott, Elmhuist, p; Phi social fiateinity, announces „ -r. a t ■ " Ivappa rni
111 , D Miller, Peiu, R Agnew, La-
the pledging of J Sieg, J Home, ’ „ ’ ’oumev 111’ T fiateinity, announces Kindei, Noblesville, W Andeisoii, C Haag, Evapsville, J ^ . ’ Indianapolis iS Clifford Pledging of H Baiwick, Hai- Rodenbuig, Richmond, A Punzelt, Mowe, Evansville, W. Hopkins, In ’ /ounStown Joiktown, J ^o^^ ^ Lu^pi, Hamden! dianapohs, C Marshall, Cleveland, and R’shenaid Logans^t Snook, Foit Wayne, F Vogelsang, ^ Hamden Conn, D Schwarz, Biidgepoit, Conn, D ’ ’ Foit Wayne, R Adams, Kansas RiR '\\7}]R0 pjams, N Y Stan Nedzev, Cedai Rapids, la , W Hills, _ , , 1 City, Mo , W DeThoin, Waukegan, Wainei, Elkhait and’p Zimmei-
Bend, B Blanchaid, Milwaukee, Pt ^ c? “f pictuus ii tim wist will iki 1,-, tt , TT , T1-1 T be bhown All are cordially invited Chir Wis , P Hahn, Evanston, 111 , J —lichur
Wolfe, Noblesville, Dan Foisythe, Noblesville, Ben Edwaids, Nobles-
t lit tlu fiont cntrincc of the il and MLlallui^iL il building
—SWAGFR
t DOES YOUR PEN LEAK? Expert Repair Service SOUTHWORTH'S
Lexington, Ky , G Havich, D Rob- Lambda Chi Alpha
111 , J English, Indianapolis, J Muncie
ertson, J Curtis, Elkhait, T Goi- social fiateinity, announces Hinga, Foit Wayne, T Alleman, ton, aBtavia, N Y , A Buiwell, De the pledging of L Baumgaitnei, G East Cleveland, Ohio, J Uebelhait, catui. Ill , D Ostiandei, Lafayette, Bego, T Biowei, V Doveisbegei Canton, Ohio, L Steinmeyci, Buf A Neave, Cincinnati, I Loefflei, E Giuis, F Haebeile F Ketchum, falo, N Y , E Zuck, Buffalo, N Y ,
Theta Tau
social fiateinity, announces
Evansville, and G Biowning. In R Lawyei, D McKinnan, H Ram H White, Evanston, 111, and M the pledging of R Thaip, Giabill, dianapohs bo, J Scaiff, J Scheibclhut, J Bianaid, Gieon Bay, Wis S Kaisei, Foit Wayne, B Geoiges
Scheibclhut,
School, J Watson, D Week and J
Beta Sigma Psi wehienbeig . social fiateinity, announces ■ »» the pledging of Bill Polstei, Evans- Phi Delta Theta
ton, Haiiy Ciooks, Hammond, Noi- social fiateinity, announces Plains N Y,T Kline, Indianapo
Sigma Alpha Mu social fiateinity, announces
the pledging of H Silveiman, White Theta Kl
Gaiy, R Poaison, Indianapolis, C
Hoofei, Foit Wayne
social fiateinity announces
man Hollis, Kokomo, Bill Mat the pledging of W Beiiy, Seymoui, hs, N Zeffiin, Moline, 111 , S Biltz, the pledging of D Koch, Milwaukee thews, Wilmette, 111 , Wulbei Fisch- T Watkins, Webstei Giove, Mo, Toledo, Ohio, D Roth, Louisville, Wis, D Dailey, Detioit, Mich, E er, Dillsboio, Bill Lindioth, Biook- W Lodge, Madison, R Staatz, Ky , H Aionson, Chicago, P Coe, Biiniingham, Mieh , J Gilles lyn, N Y, Chailes Lammeit, In- i^loomington, H Wilson, Mooies- Smithson, Chicago, R Padoii, Chi pie, Biimingham, Mich , Ray Stepadianapolis, John Gaudei, East Chi- ville, G 0 Robeits, Tulsa, Okla , cago, R Pieskill, Chicago, 0 Ciecio, 111 , L Hoiak, Cicero, cago, Noi man Geudei, Beiwyn, 111 , R Gaston, Valpaiaiso, R Laz, In Smucklei Buffalo, N Y,J Jacobs, IB, E Seward, Rochestei, N Y, Bill Otto, Hobait, and Bob Sauei dianapohs, P Fiaziei Rushville, T Buffalo, N Y, S Beigci Biooklyn, R McCullough, New Albany, W
man. Crown Point
Beta Theta Pi
social fiateinity, announces the pledging of E B Cole, St Louis Mo , E S Dye, Dayton, 0 , J E Gelwieks, Flushing, N Y , Z A Gillespie, Indianapolis, J W Hin
nes, Woodstock, 111 , G Jane, West
Link, Albeita, Canada, F Richman, N Y, E Litteiman, Bionx, N Y, Scott, Chicago, B Cosby Niagaia Akion, O , R Yost, Dccatuie, B I Levy, Houston, Texas, R Shank Falls, N Y , B Send, Chicago, B Pinnell, Elkhait, R Facklei, In ei,Gaij,I Fogcl, Huntington, and Schait New Albany, E Nelson, dianapohs, F Dieyei Gieenwood, R V olfi Memphis Tcnn , and L Staak, Foit
W Peike, Cleveland, and T Resei, Wayne West Lafayette Sigma Phi Epsilou - .
• social fiateinity, announces * Tiangie
Phi Gamma Delta the pledging ot j McClellan, . social fiateinity, announces
social tiateinity, announces Owensboio, Ky , N Staiks, Owens the pledging ot G Haitzell, Tioy,
Lafayette, G B Lanman, Ham- the’ pledging** ot J Buichfield, boio, T Mooic, Hoinell, N Y, D Ohio, R Laison, Andeison, E Fish mond, D H Looney, Muskogee, Evansville, F Dunn, Tulsa, Okla , Smith Gaiy, G Matosec, Gaiy, T Beloit, Wis , N Boatiight, Oklahoma, H H Matthews, San D Eiwin, Fiemont, O , B Haxvey, Gamble Pcoiia, 111, T Shankhn Waukegan, 111, V Millei, Benton Jose, Cal, C P Pfiari^l-dTR^-TAu- Sou,th Bend, T Millei, Kiikwood, Gaiy, J Towle Cornell N Y, and Haiboi, Mich, L Vick, Ciown roia. 111 , C M Plotkman, Eva^- Mo , R Neal, Lebanon, W Smiley, R Stuait, Gaiy Point, and R Vickeis, Gaiy
ton, 111 , M L Sullivan, Vevay, R ^Lebanon, L On, LaCiosse, Wis , B* Swenson, Evanston, 111 , J B R Schwettmann, Cincinnati, W 5igma Pi
Vinnedge.Maumee, 0, and P Wise, Rumpf, Chicago, and G Tayloi, socigl fiateinity, announces Frankfoit. ^/Muncie pledging of S Hite, Foit
' Tj j Wayne, B Caipentei, Washington, Delta Chi / Phi Kappa D C , J Ashwell, Advance, R . . . social fiateinity, annoimces .^. . social fiateinity, announces Pickett, Pittsbuigh, Pa , F Ennis,
DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK
— DENTISTS —
400-404 Schultz Bldg 4th and Main Sts Lafayette
THE CHESTNUT ROOM J-cuotfiiisL. fismjdswouA,! The food is perfect—you'll find the atmosphere most refreshing and cool on a hot summer day! The meals will fit your budget-try our money-saving specials! JksL fijuJulujL Tyisun&daL lAnifyrL
Just take a walk through the building!
Aim for Victory
with
United States ■* i ^ War Bonds and Stamps w JL