The Week’s NEWS
WASHINGTON Diplomatic Relations... . . . with Italy will be resumed, but United States' policy towards Nazi t., Germany has not as yet been established, according to releases from Warm Springs, Ga. the “little White ^ house.” At the mention of the word “uv definitely,” suggested by reporters to accurately describe his recall to this country, German Ambassador ‘'^Hugh R. Wilson, balked and suggested, “I don’t know how long my stay here will be.” j’ William Phillips, recalled ambassador to Italy, will return to Rome December 10 or 14. German policy ^ however, is still'in the fire. What to " do with Wilson is still being pondered over by oflicials at the Warm ^ Springs “capitol.” ^ Probability of Wilson’s return to Germany rests on clearing up of the Jewish situation and smoothing over of U. S.-Nazi relations. “How Rigidly ... ... is the’ wealth of the country ^^concentrated in the hands of a controlling few?” was the question asked Dr. Willard Thorp of Dun & T Bradstreet by members of the Congressional moliopoly committee in Washington Thursday. Bringing the question out of the ether and down to statistics, Thorp stated, “Two-tenths of one percent of the corporations hold 52 per cent ^ of corporate assets. One one-hun-dredth of one per cent of the corporations employ 12.3 per cent of all r corporate employes.” In layman language this means that suspicions concerning concentration of wealth were grounded in fact. In addition to discussing the questions of concentration, Thorp ' traced the growth of American busf iness, stressing the high mortality ' rate of new small businesses during the years.
Purdue Exponent
2-185
SUNDAY
December 4, 1938
Lafayette, badiona
THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Cooler today, with continued cloudiness; tomorrow continued cold.
Lafayette, fadiona jTp , Wb ^
37 Girls Already Named For Debris Beauty Crowns Last night an incomplete list of 37 girls had been suggested for the Debris beauty contest to be held in the Union ballroom next Satur,day night. The list must be complete by 4 o’clock Friday afternoon. Practice will be held in the ballroom Thursday afternoon at 4 o’clock. Professional models will be on hand to demonstrate correct carriage. The final program will be a combined beauty show and variety hour. The Tist so far compiled is as follows: Anna Faye Campbell, Yvonne Holden, Ona Morrison, Barbara Hyman, 'Virginia Royce, Ruth Bryant, Marjorie Moore, Martha Wood, Peggy Davis, Margaret Stocker, Virginia Hulse. Mary McClelland, Martha Upshur, Barbara Roderick, Winnie Gregory, Ellen Kepner, Peg Little, Mary Jane West, Marfha Brown, Doris Gamble, Caroline Scott, Mary Alice Learning, Mary Petticrew, Georgann Schilling, Georgiana Baker, Parker Wynn, Rufina Sexton, Beverlie Rice. Treva Berry, Nan Ward, Caroline Shaw, Jane Haltom, Jean Jones, Vivian Peterson, Helen Lange, Betty Hegle, and Valerie Armstrong. Re-EIecied
!■ BUSINESS Strikes Again ... . . . held the business limelight, as r threats to extend Chicago’s stock yards controversy to 22 additional plants of Armour and Go., were expressed by CIO vice-president Van A. Bittner. Unless speedy action is taken, the strike which is already paralyzing the world’s largest packing center, may be extended to all 7 of the Armour plants throughout the country." In Flint, Mich., 7,000 employees of the Fisher Body Company walked % out late this week in a CIO ordered strike, folowing a vote taken concerning wages controversy in the press and metal departments. Ac- ' cording to General Motors, this strike will necessitate the closing of the Flint Buick plant which employes 1,300 men. New Bonds And Notes... ... amounting to seven hundred million dollars, will be a part of the {United State’s Treasury’s $1,641,613,760 financing scheme which goes into effect December 15. The long j term bonds will carry 2% per cent interest, while the rates on the five year notes will be announced tomorrow. This forthcoming increase in the 1 public debt, will swell it to more than 39, billion, 300 million dollars. Government Aid ... T ... was promised by the Department of Commerce this week, in an effort to cut the present export barriers which block the efforts of the American businessmen in the development bf foreign markets. “Reciprocal trade agreements, , similar to the one completed a Week '' ago with Great Britain and Canada, are being negotiated for with European and Latin American countries in order to reduce the present restrictions which hamper business here and abroad,” said Department T Representative Chalmers. These agreements if completed, would involve 60 per cent of America’s foreign trade. Federal Trade... , . . Commission renewed its fight 7 again last week for an amendment to the Clayton Anti-Trust law, stating “that corporations be forbidden ( to acquire stock or assets of competitors if lessening of competition may result,” in a recommendation presented to Congress. The repoi*t said, “this amendment would create a legislative standard, * defining the limit at which corpora(Continued on page 2)
Dean of pharmacy C. B. Jordan, was re-elected president of the Indiana Inter-professional Health Council at the council’s meeting on Thursday. The meeting was preceeded by a luncheon at Riley Hospital in the Indiana Medical Center. Indianapolis. Professor Henry W. Heine of the pharmacy school was re-elected secretary of the organization, and Dr. Floyd T. Romberger of West Lafayette was re-elected vice-president.
High School Debate Conference Closes For 800 Visitors Indiana’s High School Debate Conference closed last night for approximately 800 high school visitor.s from 60 high schools, who spent Friday and Saturday here for the 9th annual debate conference. Student forensic groups were responsible for all details of arrangement. The University of Chicago Round Table headlined yesterday’s program. Professors Boynton, Krueger, and Wright of the University of Chicago held a forum on an alliance with Great Britain at Fowler Hall for all visitors. This subject was also the high school debate question. Earlier in the day the visitors braved the stormy weather to take a tour of the campus. A coaches’ conference at 8 o’clock was attended by 35 high school debate coaches, and was addressed by Dean Ray K. Immel of the University of Southern California and by Robert Horn of the University speech staff. ’Two practice round of debates were held in the afternoon, with approximately 90 debates in University Hall, Purdue Hall, and the Recitation Building. This is one of the largest gatherings of debate teams ever held. Coaches and University debaters did the judging, but no effort was made to select a champion. Prof. P. E. Lull, coach of men’s debate was conference chairman. Betty Hiner and Boh Carr assisted in the organization of student help. Camera Club Exhibit Opens In Music Room Sixty-three prints form the fall Purdue Camera Club exhibit, now open in the Union music room. The exhibit will be up until Saturday, with prints divided into two groups and six sections. Advanced amateur pictures, or shots by persons who have exhibited before, are classed as miscellaneous. These divisions were won by Mirlandscape, still life, and portraits, iam Gustafson, J. C. Osborn, J. R. Hopkins, and Ronald Creek respectively. In the amateur group W. F. Gephart won first and second place in the miscellaneous division and first in the landscape division. J. C. Osborne’s “Arches” was picked by judges Professor Schant-Hansen and Paul Tanco as the best on display.
Carveth Wells^ Explorer^ Author Speaks Tomorrow Night At Convo
Adveniurisi
Carveth Wells, young British explorer, author, and lecturer, will tell of his trip to Africa and the “Mountains of the Moon" tomorrow night in Memorial Gymnasium at 8 o’clock at the fifth University Convocation. His lecture will be illustrated.
Professor J. T. Gunn, chairman of the Convocation Committee, said last night, “There wdll be a'limited number of tickets for the general public at the door the night of the performance. They will be fifty
cents each.”
Student Union officials announced last night that an open reception would be held in the Union main lounge following tomorrow night’s convocation. Carveth Wells will be guest of honor, and Union officials invite the public to attend the reception.
Carveth Wells, who will describe the “Mountains of the Moon” at tomorrow night’s convocation in the Memorial Gymnasium at 8 p. m.
Student Pilots Test Flying Skill Today Weather Permitting This afternoon, weather permitting, student pilots will pax’ticipate in a flying show and contest at the Airport, starting at 1 o’clock. “Most of the ships on the field will be in the air participating in the show and the various flying tests,” said Captain Aretz, airport head, when phoned last night. “Competition is going to be rather keen in the landing contests and bomb dropping competitions.” Captain Aretz also stated that Glider Club would put on a very interesting exhibition with the “Noiseless Wonders,” finishing off with a thrilling contest on gliding technique. In case of bad weather, the show will be postponed until next Sunday, December 11. Information on whether or not the show will be held this afternoon may be obtained by phoning the airport at 41641. J. W. Bailey, flying club treasurer, recently received his private pilot’s license, and F. R. Arens donned his wings in receiving a solo pilot’s license.
Wells, born in 1887, studied civil engineering, but after spending six years in the Malay Penninsula surveying a roadway for the East Coast Railroad turned to exploring as a livelihood. Since then his trips have taken him to all parts of the world: Lapland, Central Africa, the Far East, Panama, and Mexico. Trip By Trailed The last trip was taken by trailer when Wells took his “house-on-wheels” up 10,000 feet to the top of Mount Popocatepetl. The trip furnished the material for his latest book, “Panamexico.” About the “Mountains of the Moon” Wells says, “The Ruwenzori Mountains of Central Africa are an excellent place for winter sports. They were first climbed by the Italian Duke of Abruzzi. They still remain one of the least known places of Africa.” Wells was the first man to bring moving pictures out of the “Mountains of the Moon.” In 1932 Wells led an expedition into the Russian Caucasian Mountains for the Chicago Geographical Society.
Seniors, Juniors To Use Vote Machines In Campus Elections Student Senate officials yesterday made certain an honest Prom and Gala Week election when they secured use of Tippecanoe County voting machines. Permission was granted for the juniors and seniors to use these machines in the forthcoming elections when Senate represehtatives appeared before the county commissioners in Lafayette. Reasons for obtaining these modern voting devices were made public last night by Martin S. Estey in charge of publicity for the Senate election committee. . ., “Widespread use of voting machines in national and local elections, while making honest elections certain and facilitating counting, has added to the bewilderment of inexperienced voters,” Estey said. “The committee believes that the use of these machines will help to orientate potential voters here at Purdue. In addition there will be no doubt as to the honesty of the
elections.”
Two machines which were used in - the last political elections will be used in the voting; one for juniors voting for Prom Committee, and one for seniors voting for Gala Week Committee. A sample balloting machine will be brought to the Union along with the regular machines. They will make their appearance on election day, Tuesday, December 13.
W9YB Will Send Free Radiograms For Students; Dr. Elliott Receives Message
“Radiograms may be sent home or anywhere in the United States or possessions free of charge from W9YB, Purdue’s amateur wireless station,” announced Radio Club president J. W. Kittner, yesterday. Only restriction is that the messages must not be of a business nature. Any student or faculty member wishing to take advantage of this service may receive radiogram blanks from the Union main desk
SDX Announces Brawl Costume Essay Contest
By Bowery Bill Most of you are familiar with the song “They say such things and they do such things on the Bowery” . . . but just how many of you can tell us about the kind of dress worn during the 1890’s on that famous avenue in New York City ? Sigma Delta Chi, journalistic fraternity sponsoring the coming Boilr ermakers’ Brawl, is so interested in learning about the old Bowery costumes that it is offering the prize of a complimentary ticket to the dance for the best informal essay on the subject. Entries Due Tuesday Papers entered in the contest should not exceed 260 words in length and must be turned in at the west Union desk or at the Union Exponent offices hot later than 6 p. m. Tuesday. Address entries to President Don Bailey, Sigma Delta Chi. General topic for the essay is “Bowery Dress of the 1890’s.” Addition of this prize to the growing list of awards connected with the Brawl brings the number of contest topics to four: 1. Campus Close-ups. 2. Ess4y on| Bowery Styles. 3. Costumes. 4. Beards. Deadline Today Deadline for submitting candid
camera shots of students in humorous or embarrassing situations for publication in the Exposer, Brawl tabloid, is this evening at 6 o’clock. Pictures may be turned in this afternoon at the Exponent office or addressed to Rip Manion and left at the west desk in the Union. To the student submitting the candid campus close-up judged best for publication in the Exposer will go the first prize of a complimentary ticket to the dance. Two runner-ups will receive $1 reductions on the original price of admission. A free ticket also is offered to the student who wears the best allround beard to the Brawl next Friday night. Growers of the curliest beard, the beard most-like-peach-fuzz, the reddest beard, and the best baby-face complexion are in line for other suitable awards. MT Students Eligible Word from the military depart-' ment that “Students presenting a Boilermaker Brawl ticket at inspection will not be penalized for unshaven faces” has opened the whis-ker-growing competition to all students taking military courses. Sigma Delta Chi members will keep on the alert for outstanding costumes at the dance and by competitive elimination will select the couple dressed in most typically
Bowerish fashion. This couple will get a refund on the cost of their tfcket. Decorations and back-drop plans for the Brawl—carrying out the Bowery theme—^were submitted to Dean Dorothy C. Stratton Friday afternoon by SDX secretary John Taylor. Miss Stratton approved the pl^s without a change. Hogan Here In *33 Tweet Hogan and his popular dance orchestra from Chicago will furnish the music for the affair. Hogan played here for the Riveter’s Rassle—^forerunner of the Brawl—■ in 1933 and is acquainted with the ^'character of the Sigma Delta Chi / dance.
Journalist members of the sponsoring organization will get together in the Union Exponent offices this
afternoon to start work on the Exposer, which will present in picture and prose the latest campus scandal. Copies of the tabloid will be distributed during the Brawl. Along with the exposing of campus big shots. Prom and Gala Week politics is expected to figure prominently in Exposer news. Expqnent’s Bold and Black columnist has promised to present his Selections for both tickets in the tabloid. Choose Own Beauty Since the Debris beauty contest is coming up next Saturday, the Exposer may jump the gun on yearbook judges of pulchritude and select its choice for “Campus Queen” Fi-iday night. Tickets for the Brawl—^printed in the form of a typical thug’s head, with patches, cauliflower ears, and other scars of battle—are on sale now at the Union desk, at Deac’s, and Southworth’s in the 'Village and at Decker’s over town. Ducats for the dance may also be obtained from Sigma Delta Chi members: Don Bailey, Bill Feldman, Lowell Hardin, Bill Johnston, Rip Manion, Dick Obenchain, Harris Stanback, Carl Pi-echter, CharUe Schroeder, John Taylor, and Don Vance. The px-ice is $1.99%.
and file messages before 6 p. m. on the day desired for transmission. Elliott Sends Message “Appreciate friendly mesage. Bully for Old Purdue and Purdue Amateur Radio,” was the message received from Dr. Elliott in Manilla, Phillippine Islands, on November 26. Dr. Elliott received his message from the Purdue Club through an amateur operator, station FAIHR, at Fort McKinley, P. I. The return mesage was received by a Philadelphia operator, who forwarded the message to Dick Fraser, EE ’40, an officer of the club. Nation-Wide Hook-up W9YB has established connections with a nation-wide network of amateur radio stations for free transmission of messages of a nonbusiness nature. Official title of this group is the American Radio Relay League. W9YB will transmit the message to other members of the league, and the member living closest to the destination of the message will signify his receipt of the message and arrange for the actual delivery. Only certain Indiana cities are included in this service, but radio grams are acceptable for all cities in outside states and U. S. possessions. Members in the league will have the messages mailed by the closest receiver. The mesage to Dr. Elliott is the first radiogram from Purdue to go halfway around the world, it is believed. Radio Club invites students and faculty members to try out the system. Graduate Students... . . . will attend a graduate forum at 6:30 p. m. tonight at Wesley Foundation. K. Sharkey, of ttie economics department, 'will talk on “Money.”R
£dlJtifded.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
J-sunhvisA,
Sunday. December i, 1938
NEWS of the WEEK
(Continued from page 1) tions accretions in size and power through such acquisitions be halted in order to prevent monopoly.” America’s Loss . . . . . , during the last depression has been estimated at 132 billion dollars. Isador Lubin, commissioner of labor statistics, said when he opened the long-heralded monopoly inquiry last week before members of a leg-islative-executive committee. This group has spent many long months in preparing surveys of national ecofiomy, which show that on an average each person in the country would have received $1,000 more in goods and services if the national income had not declined from the days of 1929.
FOREIGN German Insurance Companies . . . this week made an international question of claims for damages in anti-Jewish violence November 10—estimated at $620,000,000 by one broker—by submitting claims to foreign underwriters who carried re-insurance on the damaged property. Companies cohcerned are mostly British, and as far as is known no American companies are affected. Cornelius Zelea-Codreanu . . . . . . Roumania’s imprisoned “Little Hitler,” was shot and killed Wednesday by guards as he with 13 comrades tried to escape while being transferred from the RamnicuSarat to Bucharest jail. Codreanu, leader of Iron Guard, pro-German Fascist organization, and his companions were secretly buried in a piison graveyard five" hours after having been shot. Jewish Refugee Children ... ... 200 strong, arrived in the “promised land” of England Friday to begin life anew as adopted sons and daughters of Britains. They were the first group of 5,000 whom . a British committee, headed by Lord Samuel plans to evacuate from Germany in the near future. French Premier Daladier . . . ... faces this week-end the dual danger of more strikes and of an Italian campaign for colonies in Af-
rica. New strikes were called after Daladier discharged, suspended, or locked out about 70,000 workers who led the one-day general walkout Wednesday, quickly suppressed by the Premier with a show of military power. ‘ As internal strife increased, the French-Italian relations became more strained. An authoritative Fascist editor declared Friday that Italy was “ready to march—even against France—if it is necessary.”
NATIONAL America’s Worst ... ... grade crossing tragedy was climaxed last Friday with the death of the 23rd victim at Salt Lake City, as rail and state investigators were pressing the search to place the responsibility for the disaster. The crash occurred Thursday morning when a school bus pulled directly into the path of Denver and Rio Grande Western northbound fast freight. Cause of the tragedy was supposed to be poor visibility. Hero of the MorrO ... . . . Castle coastal tragedy, George W. Rogers, the ill-fated liner’s radio room operator was in jail at Jersey City, N. J., this week awaiting sentence on his conviction of trying to kill his superior in the Bayonne police department with a home-made bomb. Rogers, who had stuck to his post when the luxury liner burned off the New Jersey coast in 1934, faces a maximum sentence of 20 years. Army Air Corps... . . . olficials, together with the civil aeronautics authority, this week agreed upon a plan to buttress America’s air defense, involving the training of 100,000 civilian pilots and 126,000 mechanics during the next five years. Before becoming effective, the bill must withstand the scrutiny of the President and obtain approval of the new Congress, meeting in January. Kidnapping... . . . aroused the nation’s disgust again this week in Washington. Pretty 18-year-old Mary Brown, parochial school nursing student seized by three abductors Wednesday, suffered torture for 30 hours in a lonely shack. Poverty of her family was believed to be the reason- for her ultimate release. Discovering ransom was impossible, the kidnapers then loaded her into an automobile and drove boldly to within a half-mile of the Brown home where they pushed the blindfolded, half-naked victim into the street. Managing to elude posses swarming over the vicinity, Mary made her way home unassisted.
WAR 332 Americans ... ... skipped Spain Friday just a jump ahead of rebel bombers. Insurgent planes dropped 18 bombs on a railway near Alp, shortly after the American contingent had passed through enroute to La Tour de Carol, France. The returning fighters came from America’s Lincoln and Washington brigade, disbanded by Loyalists’ decision to eliminate alien ' soldiers from their battle lines. Fog and Rain ... °. . . calmed Spain’s war fronts last week, grounding all planes. Insurgents reported patrols engaged in reconnaisance operation on the Castellon front. Loyalists took advantage of the lull by rapidly fortifying their Segre and Nules sectors. Yangtze Waterways ... . . . comprising China’s greatest trade route, will remain closed to neutral shipping until Chiang KaiShek is conquered, Japanese spokesmen announced Tuesday. United States, British, and French warships bottled up in the upper Yangtze for 16 months may weigh anchor for Shanghai for repairs or replacement, but the river is not open to commercial navigation requested by the three powers. “We Are Holding ... . . . our ground,” said Chinese officers during heavy fighting on the Canton-Hankow railway and northwest of Hankow last week. Japanese Garrison... . . . on the Yellow River east bank are facing 10,000 Chinese troops rapidly filtering into the southwest corner of Shansi province. Chinese troops withdrew from Tsungfa, 30 miles northeast of Canton, following Japan’s sever offensive Friday.
SPORTS Post-Season Football ... . . . markets did a thriving business this week when top-ranking organizations announced their acceptances of invitations to play in an intersectional contest January 2, 1939. Following Monday’s selection of Duke and Southern California as rivals for the Rose Bowl classic, additions to the list of “bowl” combatants were chosen intermittently throughout the week. Texas Christian agreed to play Carnegie Tech in New Orlean’s Sugar Bowl; Tennessee accepted the Orange Bowl challenge to meet Oklahoma at Miami, Fla., and St. Mary’s of California decided to tackle Texas Tech in the Cotton Bowl at Dallas, Tex. Bob Zuppke... . . . Dean of Western Conference football coaches, was “reinstated” as head gridiron mentor at the University of Illinois Tuesday after the school’s athletic board turned the
i;2 SUPER-SHOCKERS;; jiN OW PLAYING;;
j;The "Double Horror*^
the Century
Cinema Cues
By Betty Wickard Andy Hardy is back in town all done up in a cowboy suit in “Out West With the Hardy’s,” which will begin its hilarious showing today at the Lafayette theatre. Kindhearted Judge Hardy^ played by Lewis Stone, helps Mickey Rooney, as Andy, when Andy’s pet horse breaks a leg. Anne Rutherford is again cast as Andy’s best girl. -C-C— Jimmy Cagney returns to the screen in the type of role in which he first won fame, that of a ruthless killer, in “Angels With Dirty Faces,” at the Mars today through Wednesday. Pat O’Brien, a crusading priest, is his rival for the souls of the “Dead End” kids who are bent on following Cagney’s career. —C-C— Mystery, comedy, and romance are blended in ;RKO’s “The Mad Miss Manton,” screen fare at the New Main theatre December 4-7. Barbara Stanwyck is the irresponsible thrill-seeking ’society girl whose escapades arouse the ire of Henry Fonda, a serious-minded young newspaper editor. —C-C— “Dracula” and “Frankenstein” are combined in one super-thriller at the Luna today through Wednesday. Bela Lugosi is the vampire who sucks his victim’s blood, while Boris Karloff is aptly horrifying as the Frankenstein monster. —C-C— That grand old lady of the screen May Robson returns in the show that brought her fame—“Lady for a Day”—to be shown at the Arc today and tomorrow. “Partners in Crime,” a detective comedy featuring Lynne Overman and Roscoe Kams, is the other half of the double feature. —C-C— “Starlight Over Texas,” a western with Tex Ritter, singing cowboy star, and “Condemned Women,” a story of the hard lot of women in prison, will be shown to Arc patrons December 6-7.
fire on the sage pigskin veteran and forced him to hand in his resignation as athletic director. In a series of rapid-series developments as tricky as some of the 59-year-old coach’s famous plays, the board of trustees turned the tables on the athletic committee, and overlooked their obviously good intentions and retained Zuppke as athletic director. Elmer Layden’s Crew . . . . . . of Notre Dame Irish, undefeated and untied until yesterday afternoon, was judged by Azzi Ratem club, composed of 92 national sport writers, as the outstanding squad of the 1938 season. Texas Christian was awarded post number two and Oklahoma finished in third position. Rankings for the other top teams follow in the order of Duke, Tennessee, Pitt, Holy Cross, California, Minnesota, Vilanova, Southern California, Cornell, Carnegie Tech, and Georgetown. Purdue’s Boilermakers finished the season with a national ranking of 24th.
ARC
TODAY-MONDAY
MILLION DOLLAR CAST
and
MJ
GRIN AND BEAR IT
THE CONTRIBS . . . . . . have NOT been coming in so well for the Razz Edition. Anyone that you would like to see publicized please write in and let us in on it. YOU GIVE . . . . . . the dirt and we receive the credit—joke. Get that Xmas spirit—it is better to give than to receive. HAVE YOU NOTICED . . . . . . the lack of co-eds on the campus this week. Could it be the fact that WAA gave them the wanderlust by giving that dance the other night ? ? THIS LITTLE DITTY... . . . was sent into the Exponent office last night. It read, quote: “JOE MIHAL is a woman hater.” signed. Disgusted Admirer. ALL WE GOT ... ... to say is that JOE is not only wise to football but he is wise to the women. That’s a h—11 of a good policy. THE MAIN GRIPE . . . ... on the campus this week end is the fact that the eds had to pay through the nose at WAA last Friday night. There was taxi fare, refreshments—some a little more expensive than others, and the price of a good cleaning and pressing job on their suits. All in all it cost the amount averaging up to that of a regular mixer date—FREE DANCE (ha ha). POME ^ . . life, Twinkle, twinlcle little star Up above the trolley car If the car would jump the track I could get my money back. THAT LITTLE BIT i . . ... of original poetry was gratefully received and willingly given (?) by none other than DOROTHY MILLER, Chi “0”. That’s not the
— also —• 'MARCH OF TIME'
NOW SHOWING
JAiES CAGNEY PAT O’BRIEN THE DEAD END kiDS HUMPHREY BOGART ANN SHERIDAN GEORGE BANCROFT
By Lidilif
“Now mind, dear—remember your manners and your Southern accent!”
one that necks in the Union. Thank you. Miss MILLER. JOYCE JOHNSON . . . ... Pi Phi junior engineer has taken a pin and the whole sorority is celebrating the affair. It’s not an unusual occurrence, is it girls ? FAMOUS LAST LINES... . .. Girls that stop at nothing quite often have something to show for it.
Basketball Court 1 2:00—Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 3 :00—Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Sigma Chi. 4 :00—Tau Epsilon: Phi vs. Theta Chi. Court 2 2:00—Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 3:00—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Sigma Pi. 4:00—Tau Epsilon' Phi vs. Theta Chi. Court 3 2:00—Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Sigma Chi. 8:00—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Sigma Pi. 4 :00-;-Theta Xi vs. Triangle. Court 4 4:00—^Theta Xi vs. Triangle.
NOW SHOWING A Movie Quiz Picture
% THEY RATED TOPS IN THE SOCIAL REGISTER BUT ZERO TO THE POLICE! Whaf Laughs . . . What Mystery . . . What Excitement
As you thrill to this swift romance of a daring socialite and a heckling newshoundl
also—MICKEY MOUSE in "CLOCK CLEANERS
THE HAPPY HARMS ME HERE AGAIN!
Tied by Andy as a rootin', tootin' terror of the plains! Crammed with howls, thrills, throbsl Their newest.,. and best!
STARTS TODAY LAFmETUT
I
Sunday, December 4,1938
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
Terry House Wins Ward Touchball Championship By L. D. Bown Cary Hall 10, Terry House, completed its undefeated touchball season last week by defeating Cary Hall 9 in a thrill-packed battle by a score of 6-0. These teams had previously eliminated their ward opponents during the semi-finals. A fifteen minute half time game "
Boilermaker Guards Schedules For '39 Track, Wrestling, Golf, Made Up
was ageed uppn by both teams in place of the regular four-down playoff used in the settlement of tie games. The tie occurred in a playoff on November 21 when Conklin, of Terry House, completed a pass from Klein on the last play to tie Cary Hall 9, 6-6. Cary Hall 9 Wins Toss Cary Hall 9 won the toss-up and elected to receive. Bottomley caught the kick-off and ran twenty yards, bringing the ball almost to midfield. Machecek took the ball on a statue of liberty play and passed twenty yards to Tessmer who completed the partially blocked pass. Bull picked up three yards around end. A pass from Machecek intended for Tessmer was incomplete. Bull lost four yards as cei^er DeBell of Terry House broke up the fourth down play. Cary Hall 10 took the ball on downs and marked time as two passes from Klein intended for Conklin were incomplete. On the third down, Klein was forced to the side lines where he threw a quick pass to Stowell. Frey made a short punt. A pass from Machecek during the Annex’s first down was intercepted by Stowell at midfield. Klein, aided by excelent blocking, ran ten yards through center and passed to Emmert for a first down. On the second down. White reeled off ten yards to the four yard line and was stopped by Bottomley. Goes For Touchback Klein, forced ten yards behind scrimmage, passed to Conklin on the one foot line. Bottomley intercepted Klein’s pass on the fourth down for a touchback. The Annex team took the ball fifteen yards from the twenty yard line and was finally forced to kick. White caught the ball on the run
and passed to Frey at midfield. On the next play Klein passed over the goal line to Conklin. 40 Yard Run With two minutes to play, Dickey caught the kickoff and made a spec- • tacular 40 yard run down the Adelines to mark Cary Hall 9’s scoring threat. Stowell intercepted "a pass from Bull. After Klein gained fifteen yards on a running play through center, Frey kicked into the end zone. The game ended as Cary Hall 9 formed for the next play. With the regular season over, Terry House plans to play last year’s intramural winning touchball team, composed mostly of men now in the North and Northwest halls. LINEUPS
Big Ten officials have completed schedules for conference teams in three sports, golf, wrestling, and track. The Big Ten wrestling meet will be held at Chicago University March 10-11.
Fred Beretta—Guard
Elwood Yeager—Guard
Terry House
Russel Annex
Klein
.. hb .
Bottomley
White
. hb
Bull
Conklin
.. qb
Mackecek
Prey
.. fb ..
Way
DeBell
.... c ...
Morgan
Jensen
.. Ig .
Chapin
Emmert
... re ..
Tessmer
Eickelberg
- rg
....Kleinchnecht
Suneson
... le .
Dickey
Intramural Notices
Squash Tomorrow Court 1, Witsman 7:00—Ward 1 vs. Ward 6B. 7:15—Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 10. 8:26—Cary Half 2 vs. Cary Hall 3. 8:40—Ward 4 vs. Ward 6. Court 2, Smithson 7 :00—Ward 8 vs. Ward 2. 7:16—Cary Hall 4 vs. Cary Hall 7. 8:26—Cary Hall 8 vs. Cary Hall 6. 8:40—Ward 10 vs. Ward 6. Court 3. Berry 7 :00—Ward 2A vs. Ward 8. 7:16—Cary Hall 6 vs. Cary Hall 9. 8:26—Ward 11 vs. Ward 7. 8:40—Ward 12 vs. Ward 5X.
MtmiimL! FRATERNITIES and SORORITIES We have a complete line of Christmas tree lights and electrical decorations. If you are planning a dance you will surely want the best in this equipment at reasonable prices. We have dance wax.
EDGERTON HARDWARE W. State Street
. . . Two of the major lettermen who are returning from last season’s conference hardwood championship team, Beretta and Yeager, who are junior guards,and who are expected to see plenty of action in the coming campaign. Early drills indicate that both are increasing in defensive skill and should give opponents a tough struggle.
7:00 p. HI.—Bach Cantata, WGN. 7 :30 p. HI.—Tiny Hill’s orchestra, WGN. 8 :00 p.m.—Ford Sunday evening hour, WBBM. 8 :30 p. m.—American album of familiar music, WMAQ. 8 :46 p. m.—Heidelberg concert orchestra,
WGN.
9 :00 p. m.—Horace Heidt's Alemite Brigadiers, WMAQ, WLW. 9 :00 p. m.—Melody and Madness with Artie Shaw’s orchestra, WBBM. 9:30 p. m.—Headlines and by-lines,
WBBM.
9:46 p. m.—Four stars tonight, WMAQ. 10:00 p. m.—Cout Basie’s orchestra, WBBM. 10:00 p. m.—Hockey (Boston Bruins vs. Chicago Blackhawks), WGN. 10:15 p. m.—Johnny Messner’s orchestra,
WENR.
10:30 p. m.—Lou Breese’s orchestra,
WMAQ.
10:30 p. m.—Henri Gendron’s orchestra,
WBBM.
11:00 p. m.—^Henry King’s orchestra,
WBBM.
11:00 p. m.—Moon River, WLW.
MONDAY
-Luncheon dance time, WBAA.
-Address by President Roosevelt, WFBM, WENR, WLW. •Make Believe Danceland,
WCFL.
-Contract bridge chats, WBAA. -Swingtime serenade, WENR. -Harold Stokes’ orchestra,
WGN.
-Tea time tunes, WFBM. -Adrian Bellini’s orchestra,
WENR.
-Sophie Tucker and her show, _
WBBM.
-Yar concert orchestra, WGN. -Four stars tonight, WLW. -The Right Thing To Do, with
Emily Post, WMAQ.
Cavalcade of America with
Don Voorhees’ orchestra,
WBBM.
-Sheafter Lifetime revue with Harold Stokes’ orchestra, WGN -Yar concert orchestra, WGN. -The Voice of Firestone with Richard Crooks, WMAQ, WLW. -Lux Radio Theater with Fred MacMurray, Paulette Goddard, and Roscoe Karns, WBBM. -Hour of charm, with Phil Spitalny’s all girl orchestra, WLW,
WMAQ.
-Eddie Duchin’s orchestra,
WMAQ.
-Yar concert orchestra, WGN. -Lady Esther serenade with Guy Lombardo’s orchestra,
WBBM.
-Jan Garber’s orchestra, WGN. -Eddie Cantor’s Camel Caravan,
WBBM.
-Emery Deutsch’s orchestra,
WLW.
-Mitchell Ayres’ orchestra,
WGN.
-Ennio Bolognini’s orchestra, WENR. -Jose Manzanares’ orchestra,
WGN.
-Lou Breese’s orchestra, WMAQ. -Earl Hines’ orchestra, WENR.
SUNDAY 11:00 a. m.—Radio City Music Hall of the air, WOWO (WIRE, WLW at 11:80). 11:00 a. m.—Shakepeare’s England, WMAQ. 11:00 a. m.-—Hit revue, WCFL, 11:30 a. m.—University of Chicago round table discussion, WMAQ. 12:00 noon—Great plays (The Cid), WENR. 12:00 noon—Midday melodies, WGN. 12:16 p. m.—Meridian music, WMAQ. 12:30 p. m.—Europe' calling (Paul Raymond speaking from Paris), VTOBM. 1:00 p. m.—The Magic Key of RCA, Maria Caniglia, Sheila Barrett, and Len Joy’s orchestra as guests, WLW, WENR, WIRE. 1:00 p. m.—Americans All—Immigrants All, WBBM, WFBM. 2:00 p. m.—Philharmonic Sjrmphony Society of New York, 'WBBM, WFBM. 2:00 p. m.—Smoke dreams, 'WLW, WENR. 2:30 p. m.—Romance melodies with Ray , Shield’s orchestra, 'WMAQ, WIRE. 3 :00p. m.—Josef Cherniavsky’c Concert, WLW. 3:30 p. m.—The World Is Yours, Smithsonian Institute Drama, WLW. 4 :00 p. m.—Metropolitan Opera Auditions, ■WENR. 4:00 p. m.—Musical steel makers, WLW, WGN. 4:30 p. m.—Ben Bemie and all the lads with Ijew Lehr, 'WBBM, ■WFBM. 6 :00 p. m.—-Silver Theater, Clark Gable and Paula Winslow as guests, WBBM, "WEBM. 6:16 p. m.—Jan Garber’s orchestra, WGN. 6:30 p. m.—The Show of the Week, Sammy " Kaye’s orchestra as guest, WGN. 6:00 p. m.—Jello program with Jack Benny, WMAQ, WLW, WIRE. 6:00 p. m.—Concert orchestra with Eugene Conley, tenor, WENR. 6:00 p. m.—Little Jack Little’s orchestra, WGN. 6 :30 p. m.—Passing Parade with Oscar Bradley’s orchestra, ’WEBM. 6 :30 p. m.—Fitch bandwagon, ■WMAQ. 6:30 p. m.—Carl Schreiber’s orchestra, WGN. 7:00 p. m.—Chase and Sanborn Hour, WMAQ, WLW. 7:00 p. m.—The Mercury Theater with Orson Welles, WBBM.
Always the BEST in Delicious and Wholesome Dinners and Plate Lunches MITZI CAFE Vine Street
12 :30 p. m.3 :46 p. m.4 :00 p. m.— 4 :00 p. m.4:16 p. m.4:30 p. m.4:30 p. m.6 ;30 p. m.6:46 p. m.6:15 p. m.6:16 p. m.6:80 p. m.7 :00 p. m.—'
7 :00 p. m.-
7:16 p. m.7:30 p. m.-
8 :00 p. m.-
8:00 p. m.-
8 :30 p. m.-
8:46 p. m.9:00 p. m.-
9 :00 p. m.9 :30 p. m.9:46 p. m.10 :15 p. m.- ’ 10:16 p. m.10:30 p. nu10:30 p. m.10:30 p. m.-
use Licks Unbeaten Notre Dame Eleven 13-0 Before 101,000 Displaying one of the most stubborn pass defenses ever witnessed in the Coliseum, the University of Southern California ran rampant ' over a game “Fighting Irish” eleven yesterday before a capacity crowd of 101,000, checking the season’s Notre Dame winning streak to the tune ol 13-0. Both teams tried in vain to gain through brilliant lines, and it was not until but five seconds remained in the first half that Day dropped back on Notre Dame’s 37-yard line and threw a touchdown pass to Krueger. The try for the extra point failed and the Trojans led at half time 6-0. Midway in the fourth period Jones recovered a fumble by Piepul, of Notre Dame, on the Irish 35-yard line. Banta and Anderson, in a series of plays, took the ball to the 4 yard line where Anderson, on a delayed buck, carried the ball over for the final touchdown. The try for the point after touchdown was good and Notre Dame trailed 13-0. The men from South Bend rallied temporarily on a sustained drive to the Trojans 14 where a pass by Sagga’j was intercepted by Jones and returned to the 31 yard line of USC. Notre Dame never came close after that and the game ended with the Trojans victorious over the previously unbeaten and untied Notre Dame eleven 13-0. Indianapolis Almuni Group Will Dine Prep Grid Stars Outstanding high school football players in Indianapolis with their parents will be the guests of the Indianapolis Purdue Alumni Association at the annual gridiron dinner next Friday evening at the Hotel Severin in Indianapolis. Members of the physical education staff and others from the University will be special guests. Prom 300 to 400 persons are expected to attend the affair. Several members of the 1938 football squad also will make the trip. Major John L. Griffith, Big Ten athletic commissioner, -will be the principal speaker.
10:45 p. m.—Cab Calloway's orchestra, WBBM. 11:00 p. m.—Kay Kyser’s orchestra, WGN. 11:00 p. m.—Anson Weeks’ orchestra, WBBM.
1939 Golf Schedule Indoor Track Feb. 3—Butler at Purdue. Feb. 14—Indiana at Purdue. Feb. 18—Illinois relays at Champaign, 111. Feb. 25—Wisconsin, Chicago, and Purdue at Chicago. Mar. 10-11—Big Ten Indoor Meet at Chicago. Mar. 18—Butler relays at Indianapolis. Outdoor Track Apr. 15—Michigan State at East Lansing. Apr. 22—Wa3me U. of Detroit at Purdue. Apr. 28-29—Drake Relays at Des Moines, la. May 6—Illinois at Purdue. May 12—Cotton Caniival at Memphis, Tenn. May 20—Big Ten Meet at Ann Arbor, Mich. May 27—Indiana State Meet at South Bend. June 2—Central Intercolegiate Meet at Milwaukee. June 17—NCAA at Los Angeles.
1939 Wrestling Card Jan. 14—Northwestern at Purdue. Feb. 4—Chicago at Purdue. Feb. 11—Purdue at Illinois State Normal. Feb. 17—Purdue at Chicago. Feb. 18—Purdue at Armour Institute. Feb. 24—Illinois State Normal at Purdue. Feb. 25—Purdue at Wheaton College. Mar. 3—Kent College at Purdue. Mar. 10-11—Big Ten Meet at Chicago.
HAYS JEWELRY CO. EAST SIDE OF SQUARE FINE JEWEERY AT MODERATE PRICES
1939 Track Schedule Apr. 22—Purdue at Indiana. Apr. 29—Purdue at Michigan. May 15—Chicago at Purdue. May 20—Ohio State at Purdue. May 22—Illinois at Purdue. Conference Heads OK Training Tables; Veto Coast Series Coaches and faculty members ^gathered for a Big Ten conference meeting voted yesterday to reject the proposal to match the outstanding Big Ten gridiron team vrith -the Pacific coast champion in an annual Rose Bowl tilt. Prof. William Marshall, Purdue representative and secretary of the faculty comniittee stated that the conference had reaffirmed its pre-vious ruling against post-season games. The regular football season which ends the Saturday preceding Thanksgi-ving was considered long enough for the teams. As no official in'vitation was extended by the Pacific Coast conference, there was no rejection of a request but merely a statement. Training tables for varsity members of conference teams were allowed and universities may pro'vide one evening meal. This innovation will go into effect next fall when the teams go into training again.
A Gift from DEAC’S with the Purdue Crest adds much joy to Christmas • We have Yardley's famous toilet articles for both men and women from $1.35 to $47.50. • Whitman's wonderful candy. • Amity real-leather pocketbooks. H. G. “Deac” REISNER BOOK STORE
When we promise you
a Dry Cleaning, or a Laundry Service, than which there is no better . . . we are but stating a fact which we are ready to prove to YOUR SATISFACTION.
We are ready to serve YOU, as you would like to have us serve you. Sepd us your work and see! West Side Office—132 Vine Street «’ ' . I ‘ ’' *'» " " ,S . , ,^ ' ,f~ ' *' ‘i ^! ; ''"• ''*' , 't^' 'M
3kaxL dddu
THE PUHDUE EXPONENT
yiothcabL.
Sunday, December 4,1938
:
If
mk
,^J4im and Jder By Georgaiui SchiUing
West Lafayette Baptist 9:30—Roger Williams Club class under Dean Fishei. 10:30—Sermon, Rev. Gleason. Communion. 1:30—Roger Williams Club social hour. Lunch at 6. 6:30—Discussion with H. H. Ku speaking on “China of Today.” 7:30—Candle-lighting service. Pageant, “Star Trails.”
Wesley Foundation 8:00—Council bi’eakfast. 9:30—Sunday school, co-eds at the Foundation, men at the church. Rev. McFadden mil talk on “Science and Religion.” 10:40—Moi’ning Worship. Di. Steele will preach on “Friendship—Human and Divine.” 5:00—Fellowship supper, in charge of Helen Plank. 6:30—Presentation of the third set of “The Enemy,” by Chanmng Pollock.
St. John’s Episcopal 8:00—Holy Communion. 10:45—Holy Communion (choral) and sermon. 6:00—Young People’s Fellowship supper. 7-00—Program.
Central Presbyterian 9:30—Dorothy Stratton, Dean of Women, will discuss “A Working Philosophy of Life.” 10:40—Morning Worship. Rev. J. W. Findley will speak on “Grounds for Hope.” The choir, under the direction of A. P. Stewart, will sing. 6:00—Student forum will meet at Westminster House, 129 Sheetz Street. Capt. Holmes Will Speak To Scabbard And Blade Captain E. V. Holmes will be the chief speaker at Scabbaid and Blade’s banquet at Lincoln Lodge Tuesday, Decembei 13. Occasion is the initiation banquet of militaiy honorary Scabbaid and Blade. West Point and the possible inauguration of the West Point honor system at Purdue will be Captain
It looks like typical Purdue weather has set in—rain last night, rain the night before and so on! This year’s newcomers haven’t had much evidence to prove that all a fellow needs to get through Purdue is a raincoat and a slide rule. But they will see, it was certainly proven last year! —H-H— This is the week when horror and hysteria in the form of a drama entitled “Di’acula” comes to the campus. Thursday is the night set for \the opening of the play; and according to rumors we’ve heard, the audience really has somethin’ to look foiward to. Of course a few hor-ror-loveis were brave enough to chance the double feature at one of the movie houses last night. Frank.enstein and Dracula all in one night. And did they love it! —H-H— It looks like the next event on the social calendar is the Brawl sponsored by those journalistic geniuses, the Sigma Delta Chi boys. Although advance publicity seems to convey the idea that the days of wearing bearskin rugs and red flannels have gone forever, the Brawl has a lot on the ball still including such items as Tweet Hogan’s band, bowery atmosphe;ie, an edition of the infamous Exposer telling all about everyone, and other articles much, much too numerous to mention. —H-H— Speaking of gowns again, we heai they are now being designed by engineers! The latest great engineering feat is the development of the backless, strapless, in fact just “less” evening gown. The work is said to have been done by a lad in Electrical Engineering — because the effect is shocking. —H-H— We are considering the plan of giving some short biographies of campus people who are appearing in the spotlight. What we have in mind is not dnt, or just diy statistics, but something about the personalities behind the names you are hearing so often. Do you think it would woik? Let us know what you think.
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Shoe Repair
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
• Professional
• Photography
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Make your Christmas Gifts personal. Give Portraits. Special Prices. Scobee's Rembrandt Studio 105 Vine St., W. Lafayette, Ind.
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—DD.S HAROLD J RISK—D.DS. LUTHER A RISK—DOS Schultz Building 4h and Mam Phone 5701
• Florists
ROTH FLORIST 635 Main Street Phones 7955—8050
• Locksntith
• Printing
"C CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATE SHARPENING Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
Ierv^e r^RINTING OfRee Stationery. „ 0 ■ Wedding Invltatloni ■ Me* Bookt, Etc.. . . PHONE ^ A ^ 2628 CASaEL S 40itERRy
• Jewelers
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well. Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St
Redfield To Address Club In Talk On Xmas Candies “Christmas Candies” will be discussed by Miss Gail Redfield at the next meeting of the Virginia C. Meredith Club Thursday at 4 p. m. in the Home Economics auditorium. Miss Redfield, of the Home economics staff, will include both new recipes and wrapping and packing of candies in her talk. Officials invite all Virginia C. Meredith Club members and any other girls interested in joining the club to attend this meeting. A social hour with refreshments will follow the discussion.
Classiiied Ads
Survey Shows WRH Freshmen Receive Fewer Yellow Slips According to a survey of yellow slips sent out to freshmen women, first year co-eds are holding their own scholastically. “The record of this year’s freshman class compares favorably to the records of co-eds of former freshman classes,” announced Miss Helen Schleman, director of the women’s residence halls. Out of a total of 183 freshmen women at the residence halls, only 85, or forty and four tenths per cent received yellow slips. Forty-five and nine-tenths per ceijt of freshmen women living either at home^or in rooming houses received slips, while the total number of slips issued to the freshmen women was 170, or 43.2 per cent of the entire group of 398.
December 6, at 4 p. m. All sophomores and juniors must attend. —McKEB.
Sigma Delta Chi: There will be a meeting Sunday, December 4, at 2 ;30 p. m., in room D of the Union. —BAILEY.
CE 41: Examination for the removal of C grades will be held in the hydraulic laboratory on Saturday, December 10, from 1 to 4 p. m. Permission to take the examination must be secured from the undersigned before December 9. ’ . —GREVE.
WAA Volleyball: Schedule for Tuesday, December 7, is as follows: Chi O vs Kappa, Pi Phi vs Alpha Xi; Ward 3 vs WRH North. —MERRITT.
Christian Science Organization. Regular meeting will be held Tuesday, December 6, at 7 :30 p. m. in room C in the Union. —MACK.
Gimlet: All members and pledges report for initiation at the SPB fraternity at 7 :30 p. m. on Tuesday, December 6. —SWAN.
Eta Kappa Nu: Roilgh initiation Tuesday, December 6, at 7 :00 p. m. in the E. E, -KECK.
Scrivener: Meeting Sunday, December 4, at 7:16 at 229 Fowler Avenue. Guests coming. Bring manuscripts. —JUSTIN.
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting Sunday, December 4, at 4:30 p. m. in room B of the Memorial Union Building. —AYASUN.
Sigma Foo Sigma: Meeting Sunday, December 4, at 7 p. m. -LEVIN.
Delta Rho Kappa: Initiation ceremonies at 6:16 p. m., Wednesday, December 7, in the tower room of the Union. Initiation banquet at 6:00 p. m. in the Chestunt Room. —HANNAS.
WAA Badminton: All those wishing to practice report to Women’s Gymnasium at 7 p. m. Thursday, December 8, instead of 4 p. m. Monday, December 6. —FISHLEIGH.
Mq^em Dance Group: Practice of both advanced and beginning groups from 4 p. m. to 6:30 p. m. Monday, December 6, at Union ballroom. All members required to attend. —NEWMAN.
Lambda Kappa: Regular bu^ipess meeting will be held in the reception room of the Union at 7:30 p. m. Sunday, December 4. All Lutheran students are invited to attend. —OTT.
Reamers: Meeting Monday, December 6, at 8 o’clock in room 7 of the Union Building. —LIDGARD.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE—Royal No. 10 typewriter. Pica type. Excellent condition. Only $27.60. Bob DuFon 61204.
Notices
ME 61, ME 62: Make-up examination for removing conditions will be held in room 301 on Saturday, December 17, at 1 p. m. All who wish to take this make-up must see me not later than December 10. —BINDER.
For Sale: Eastman Vollenda camera. F3.6 lens. Rapid compur shutter. Western exposure meter. Call Berger, 7724. LOST AND FOUND LOST—Internal combustion engines by Poison. Call 41642 after 8:00 p. m. Reward. Alt Bodeau
Exponent Co-ed Staff: Plans for the Wednesday co-ed edition will be made at a meeting in room C of the Union Monday,
WSGA House Presidents* Council: Meeting Tuesday, December 6, in room B of the Union. All members are requested to be present if possible. —JAKES.
Lost: Post Drawing Set, Recitation Bldg. Initials, J. D. G. Reward. Call Garrett, ‘61671.
Lost: Football purse, Friday at Student Health Service. Will finder please return glasses from purse to Student Health Service
LOST^—Gold rim glasses Reward Notify Geo Wm. Mohr, Phone 31793.
MISCELLANEOUS TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street
ROOMS FOR RENT ROOM FOR RENT—Single or double, new home, attiactively decorated, new furniture, recieation room fully equipped, on cai line 110 E. Stadium Ave. Phone 35271
Smartly designed (^Lnstmai (^a^ds Choice of cards from nine different companies Ranging in price from 2c a card with or without name to 20 or 25 cents a card
See any one of the following students Dick Groff Floyd House Jerry Hiiishaw
ii ii...
The RYTEX CHRISTMAS CARD BOOK The new 1938 Rytex Personal Christmas Cards . . . are now on display in our Stationery Department. Smarter than ever . . . and yet . . . for ail their warm cheer . . . quality papers and matching envelopes . . . they come to you smartly boxed and completely folded .. . priced at only ... 25 for $1 . , . or 50 for $1, including your Name on each Card.
HAYWOOD’S 5th and Ferry Streets
Holmes’ topic. That the honor system could be operated under such an oiganization as Scabbard and Blade is Holmes’ opinion.
Yes, If’s A Gift! Milk is the greatest gift health can buy, containing practically all of the nourishing and bodybuilding elements needed to give you a lift and keep you fit. And at its low price it's the biggest food value your money can buy— practically a gift from the standpoint of cost.
SANTA KNOWS HIS STUFF
SUNSHINE FARMS
Phone 5015
807 N* 4th Street
Fast' Economical ^ Dependable Now that winter is on its way you will realize more and more the service we offer you. "Dependable” in all kinds of weather. Fare 5 c with free transfers.
Lafayette Street Railway, Inc.
f i