The Week’s NEWS
^NATIONAL 32 Iron Nerved ... . . . drivers this week, qualified foi 4. the annual 500-mile speed classic, tuning their two-mile-a-minute gas buggies for the Hoosier State accelerated veision of the Keni tucky Derby on Memorial Day, Although showers are predicted for the 26th lunning of the International Sweepstakes, advance 'i ticket sales and special transpor ation arrangements seem to prove that Indiana’s capital is preparing for a record influx of lace fans tomorrow. Free Speech . . . . . . and Americanism weie veiy Lstiangely tangled in Jersey City last week when Representative Jeriy O’Connell of Montana was forcibly removed from the city aftei trying to make a “liberalistic” speech. Fifteen thousaaid i| followers of Ma^or Fiank Hague had gathered in the squaie for an “anti-communistic lally” when O’Connell arrived on the scene; he was siezed by the 750 police on hand before he had utteied two sentences. The police “manhandled” him, he claimed. An Officer . . , . . . and three members of the North Geiman Lloyd linei Biemen were under heavy bond in New York last week on federal charges of espronage. Swrft maneuverrng by Federal Bureau of Investrgation men brought the arr est of the four climaxinog a 2-weeks’ investigatron of German spy-ring operations. Japanese Fishing “ . . . poachers cannot be interfered with as long as they stay outside the eight-mile limit, it was dis- ’ closed in Seattle this week. The Nipponese, whose wholesale salmon operations from gigantic floating canneries have aroused the wrath of Alaskan fishermen, are entirely within their international rights, stated Capt. R. W. Dempwolf of the U. S. Coast j. Guard.
WASHINGTON Newspapers . . . . came to the rescue of a New Dealer this week. Water, leaking through a broken skylight, flooded Speaker Bankhead’s desk Tues|jday. Newspapers were used to cover the desk until the skylight was repaired. Accordirtg to Borah . . . Senator from Idaho, recent announcements that the U. S. fleet will play its 1939 war games in the Atlantic, off the coast of ^ South America, are to be interpreted as a caution to totalitarian states. Statesmen also believe the move is being made to show South American countries the United State’s
>
(Continued on page 4)
0 the Purdue Exponent
SUNDAY
May 29, 1938
Lafayette, Indiana
VOL. 49
No. 192
Boilermakers Blank Indiana Nine 4-0
Speeches, Twenty-One Gun Salute Will Pay Tribute To War Dead Tomorrow
To pay tribute to Purdue’s World Wai dead and faculty members and students who have died during the past year, Memorial Day services will be held at 9:30 o’clock tomorrow morning in Eliza Fowler Hall. Prof. A. H. Monroe, head of the University speech department, will speak on “With Malice Toward None.” Dean of Men M. L. Frsher will lead the necrology as Scabbard and Blade and Purdue Order of Military Merit members combine to form a guard of honor for the exei cises. To Place Wreath After the speeches, a guard of
honor wrll place a wreath on the bronze plaque whrch wrll be moved from the Unron Building to Fowler Hall for the ceremony. Buglers wrll blow taps which will be followed by a national salute of 21 guns fired from the oval by the guard of honor. This will close the services in Fowler Hall Dr. Edward Charles Elliott, accompanied by the guard of honor, will adjourn to the grave of John Purdue on the oval, on which he will place a wreath. Thrs will conclude the exercises, which students, faculty, and townspeople, aie invited by the University to attend.
Sports Edition Today’s Exponent was written and edited by the sports staff. The publication group for today’s paper includes: R. L. McDonald, editor; R. J. Deckard, night editor; W. W. Weijola, issue editor; J. P. Dolan, proof; G. R. Doty, assistant proof; and S. D. Marquis, stooge. Plans are being made by the Exponent to issue a number of similar sports editions next year.
The Weather
Forecast for Indiana: Continued rain or thunder showers today and possibly tomorrow. Colder tomor-
row.
Yesterday’s Temperatures: Low 61; high, 77; mean, 69.
Boilermakers Elect Thompson Captain 0! Nine
By G. R. Doty In the elections which were held after the ball game yesterday the Boilermaker baseball club selected Jimmy Thompson, veteran short-
Incoming
Jimmy Thompson
stop, captain of the diamond team for next year and Arnold Bredewater as the “most valuable player” for the season just finished. “All I can say is that I am tickled pink,” said Thompson when he was interviewed. “I really was surprised that I got the job as there are a lot of good boys on the team. I think we will have a better team next year since we will have a lot more experience.” Bredewater Honored Arnold Bredewater was in much the same frame of mind about his election as the most valuable player and upon being interviewed, he sard: “I feel honored to be elected the most valuable player. A lot of credit goes to the squad.” Thompson succeeded “Red” Breslin who has not participated m a single game all season. Breslin had the misfortune to break his ankle early in a practice game before the season opened. Before his accident Breslin very ably filled the position at third base and was one of the heaviest hitters on the team. Since his accident, Mackiewicz has been in Breslin’s position oni
the thud sack, but “Red” has not lost contact with his teammates. As soon as he was able, he appeared m uniform to help Fehring
coach the team.
Outgoing
Red” Breslin
WLW Announcer Queries Elward ‘Turdue will be right up there in the running next fall in football,” said Boilermaker Football Coach Mai Elward recently over radio station WLW, Cincinnati, when interviewed by Allan Franklin, radio sports commentator.
“We had a fast frosh team last fall, and we expect a squad of 75 men out for the team next season,” continued Elward. “My choice for the first three outstanding teams in the Western Conference are Indiana, Minnesota, and Ohio State.” In response to a question concerning Noble Kizer, University athletic director and former football coach who is now in La Hoya,
Cal., the Gold and Black coach said that he believed that Kizer would never coach another Purdue team. Elward has been coaching Boilermaker football squads for 12 years. He played football with the late Knute Rockne at Notre Dame University in 1913. Since then he has coached several service teams at John Carroll College and Grinnell College.
Mangas Twirls Fehrlngmen To Four Hit Victory Allowing only four hits, Carrol “Turk” Mangas completely shut out the Indiana University baseball squad, 4-0 yesterday afternoon in a brilliantly pitched game to end a very successful season for the Boilermaker diamond team. With the Puidue team giving “Turk” four runs in the fourth inning, he proceeded to keep the Hoosieis from getting any nearer to home plate than second base and successfully polished off the Indiana team in fine style to win his fii st Big Ten game of this sea-
son.
Mangas held the Bloomington “^quad hitless for the first four innings, and the Boilermakers came to bat in their half of the fourth with the heavy end of the batting order up. Purdue Scores Dickinson, first up, bunted to the third baseman and succeeded in running the throw out. Stamm next up, obtained another single, advancing Dickinson to second. The next batter, Mackiewicz, hit a long single to left field, advancing Stamm to second with Dickinson coming in for the first Boilermaker run. , Dean then hit a single to right field. Hobson scored an error in fielding the ball, and Stamm came across the plate, Mackiewicz going to second. Big “Moose” Krause came to bat next with the crowd yelling for a home run. With two strikes against him, “Moose” connected with a curve ball and hit into right field for a triple, scoring Mackiewicz and Dean. Keep Indiana Scoreless Leading off third base too far, Krause was tagged for the first I out of the inning. Thompson was safe at first on a fielders choice. Waling, who was up next, hit a hard ground ball to right field, but was thrown out at first. Mangas then'hit to second baseman Andres, and Thompson was forced out at second to retire the side, with the score 4-0 in favor of Purdue. With a four run lead. Mangas proceeded to pitch fine ball and did not allow a single hit until the sixth inning. Purdue obtained two more hits during the last four and (Continued on page 3)Hello again. Another day, another column, more dirt, less friends. Anyway rumor has it that Jean Small and Pat Malaska are reveling in the glories of spring love. Jean seems to have a special affinity for DU athletes—only a few months ago Marty (football captain) Schreyer was the light of her life. Georgia Carroll is another one of the smart fieshmen gals who is smuggling to avoid the dieaded sophomoie slump. She is leally concentiating on the new Union vice-prexy, Dick DeMars. And does he love it? You mfght ask: Alice Parlon what member of the faculty is leaving for Washington soon—and why; The Indiana baseball squad how they liked the Gun Club celebration Friday night; Mary Ed Johnston about refusing to talk on the phone to her father because she thought it was an admirer calling; Bob Insley why Otterbein has such an attraction for him? Aren’t you glad you aren’t a Phi Psi, so you don’t have to put your pin out for love ? Might as well put it out for expel ience—like most of the people we know. Story of a gieedy female: “She said she wanted to be loved to pieces. She got her wish—and now she’s all broken up.” That members of the baseball team get around is evident from •the number of feminine fans at the games. It is especially amusing to watch the expression on Marge Blocker’s face whenever Tommy Dickinson goes up to bat. Speaking of Dickinson, we wonder if it is because of losing him that Marj Sherman has been seen drowning her sorrows in the company of the Kappa Sig flash, Jim Nesbitt?
FAMOUS LAST LINES: Never let a kiss fool you, Never let a fool kiss you.
Varsity Defeats Freshman Tennis
TYPEWRITERS— Adding machines, sold, rented, purchased, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St.
LOST—Green Schaefer Lifetime fountain pen. Phone Janota 5754. Reward.
ROOM WITH BATH—For summer session for two men. Twin beds. Across from Union Building. 116 North Grant.
Team With Ease By Joe Dolan Although thoroughly defeated by the varsity tennis team in the annual varsity-freshman tennis t(purnament on the University courts yesterday afternoon, the fi'osh did not fail to produce at least one netman who gave his varsity opponent a battle. Anderson, fieshman, pushed the varsity ace, Fuente, to his utmost before Fuentc finally captured two of the sets, 7-5 and 8-6. Jackson, of the vaisity. had little trouble in downing Hagersmeyer, of the freshman, by the score of 6-1 and 6-4. Blitz, of the varsity, defeated Richards, of the fieshmen, 6-1 and 6-3. Blitz then played Frey, of the frosh, and defeated him in one set 6-0. A second set was not played. Wakefield, Brodsky Win Wakefield, of the varsity, had httle trouble in downing Brackman, of the frosh, 6-1 and 6-3, but Leo Brodsky was given a stiff battle by freshman Goerss befoie winning. Biodsky took the two sets by the scoies of 6-1 and 6-4. Andeison, the frosh lad who gave Fuente a battle, is the junior tennis champion of Indianapolis, and holds a bright future in intercollegiate tennis competition.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE SUMMER EXPONENT
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
League Results
NATIONAL LEAGUE , Won Lost Pet. Ne wYork . 24 9 .727 Chicago 23 13 .639 Boston 16 13 .551 Cincinnati 17 16 .515 Pittsburgh 15 17 .469 St. Louis 13 18 .419 Brooklyn 13 23 .361 Philadelphia 9 20 .310
Yesterdays’ Results
New York 5-11; Philadelphia 4-0. Chicago 9; Pittsburgh 3. Brooklyn 6; Boston 5. AMERICAN LEAGUE
Won Lost Pet.
Cleveland 22 11 .667 Boston 19 13 .578 New York 17 13 .567 Washington 20 17 .540 Detroit 16 17 .485 Chicago 12 15 .444 Philadelphia 12 19 .387 St. Louis 9 22 .390
Yesterday’s Results
Washington 3, Boston 2.
Detroit 9, Chicago 1.
Philadelphia 10, New York 4. Notre Dame Wins State Golf Toga Notre Dame swept the Indiana intercollegiate golf championship winning both the individual and team championships yesterday at the West Lafayette Country Club. The team.championship was won easily, but David of Purdue put up a struggle before being defeated by McCabe of Notre Dame for the individual title. Tied with totals of 149 at the end of the reg(Continued on page 4)
Sunday, May 29, 1938x
ifwri Starting TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE A SYMPHONY IN SILLINESS!
AKE FQR tW.AiSi: MAMA ’£!?A'iyGE things begin T(@5ha'ppbn.
Nyiii HtHE life of EMILE ZOLA'
Gale Sondergaard WARNER BROS. PICIVIE
He’ll How ^ You in Silence As Deep As Your Emotions!
LATEST NEWS
. . . mainstays of the Boilermaker ti ack team, both took firsts in yesterday’s meet at Bloomington. Gutting took first in the 120 yard high hurdles and a third in the
220 yard low hurdles, while Wadleigh won in the broad jump. Both are juniors and will be back next year to serve as the backbone of. the track team.
J’JudsUimjtisiA SoJwhijthiA Be sure your Dishes and Silverware have your Crest upon them. We also do all types of Monogramming.
R. F. Gillespie
221 Columbia Street
Phone 640.5
NOW SHOWING
THE WORLD’S MOST BELOVED ROGUES LIVE FOREVER ON THE COLOR SCREE]>
.IN MIGHTY ROMANTIC ADVENTURE THAT HAS THRILLED ALL TIMEl
Daring deed's . . . bold loves . . . reckless valor . . . sweeping the screen In a furore of thrills beyond compare!
OLIVIA DeHAVILLAND BASIL RATHBONE CLAUDE RAINS
PATRIC KNOWliS • EUGENE PaUBTTI ALAN HALE • MELVILLE COOPER IAN HUNTER • UNA O’CONNOR EXTRA Captain and the Kids CartoonL Sunday, May 29, 1938
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Purdue Finishes Third In State Track Meet
Lemen Ties Low Hurdle Mark Made
Big Ten Faculty Representatives Approve Football Training Table
Big Ten conference faculty representatives, approving a modified form of the football training table in Columbus, 0., recently, voted to permit universities to provide athletes with all evening meals in addition to week-end meals throughout the training peliod. Prof. William Marshall, of the mathematics department and secretary of the conference, comimented recently that the rules will not go into effect next fall because several schools aie expected to file protests. The universities are allowed 60 days in which to file a protest. Protest Will Block Plan Professor Marshall said that one protest would block the plan until the December meeting. On-
ly a majority would be necessary then to pass it. By inserting the word “varsity” before the words “intercollegiate” Marshall continued, the group terminated the equality in rules of eligibility between the Western Conference and major conferences. From now on freshman competition will not count as a year of varsity competition against athletes transferring to Big Ten colleges. The group also approved the plan that each conference basketball team must meet all other opponents at least once. The new plan will go into effect next season.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
r
St
girl xvho bad ^ their ecsta,. he.
neat
Sene li«i|inonil ^ Olqni|ie Bradna STOLIN HIAVEN
«r
»PofTe-r Hall —PLUS— “POPEYE THE SAILOR Ali Baba and the 40 Thieves”
Meets
—2 Reels in Color—
STARTING TODAY Lll^
Boilermakers-' (Continued fropi page li
a half innings but was unable to score, while Indiana was shut out completely in their last three innings with only 10 men coming to bat.
Box score: Indiana Gwin, cf Filchock, 3b Andres, 2b Hobson, rf Becker, If Clark, lb Heldt, c Cromer Nill, ss Wier, ss Grieger, p
AB R 4 ‘ 0
H 1 1 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 0
Totals 31 0 4 3 Cromer batted for Nill in the 7th.
Purdue Hearne, 2b Dickinson, cf Stamm, If Mackiewicz, 3b Dean, rf Krause, c Thompson, ss Waling, lb Mangas, p Totals
AB R H E
4 4 4 4 2 3 3 3 3 30
Two base hits—Dean. Three base hit—Krause. Fust on balls— off Giieger, 1; off Mangas, 1. Stiuck out by Mangas, 5; by Giiegei, 3.
ARC
TODAY & MONDAY JANET GAYNOR and FREDRIC MARCH in
IS BORN
—AND—
mmh iEMliil-TilE-SCENES
TUES. & WED. Buck Jones in “SMOKE TREE RANGE”
Charles Quigley in “CRIMINALS OP THE AIR” “Radio Patrol” No. 10
By Alumnus; Wadleigh, Gutting Win Notre Dame’s powerful track and field team, performing in “peak form,” captured the annual Indiana intercollegiate track meet at Indiana University yesterday by winning a total of 66 points. Close on the heels of the Irish was Indiana with 63 points, with the Boilermakers of Purdue third who collected 35 markers. The other team scores were Butler, 6; DePauw, 3; and Earlham, 2. During the meet two new state
records were established and two were equaled. Francis, of Notre Dame, ran a beautiful race to set a new state record in the half mile in 1:52.7. In the pole vault Gubbs of Indiana sent himself soaring to the height of 13 feet 6 inches to establish a new state mark for the pole vault. The state record in the 100 yard dash was equaled by Clifford of the Irish squ^d at 9.6. Lemen Ties Mark Bob Lemen, Purdue’s ace low hurdler, performed in top form to equal the 220 yard low hurdle mark which was established by Ken Sandbach of Purdue in 1935. Steve Gutting, Pui due’s high hurdle man, who has been improving as the season progressed, ran the best race of his college career by capturing the high hurdles. Purdue’s other five point gatherer, was Eric Wadleigh in the broad jump, when he reached a distance unknown to him so far this season, 22 feet, 7 and 5-8 inches. Although not grabbing any points, “Red” Shackleton, the second man in the Boilermaker mile relay team, caught the eyes of the spectators when in the mile relay he took the baton approximately seven yards out of first place. He regained the seven yards and gave the baton to Purdue’s third mile relay man about eight yards in the lead of the entire pack. Notre Dame Star The individual star of the meet was Faymonville, Notre Dame’s big weight tosser, who captured firsts in the shot put and discus. Purdue’s high point man was Bob Lemen with seven points collected in the high hurdles, low hurdles, and high jump. The threatening rain held off until after the meet had been completed. The track was not in the best of condition, as it was spongy from recent damp weather. Wind was absent from the affair, and “old sol” was shining throughout the meet. Summaries: Mile Run—^Won by Trutt (I); second. Smith (I); third. Southworth (B); fourth. Rice (ND). Time, 4:12. 440 Yard Dash—Won by Hicks (I); second, Sheehan (ND); third, Luther (P); fourth. Miller (I). Time, 48.3. 100 Yard Dash—Won by Clifford (ND); second, DeLong (P); third, Coughlin (ND); fourth, Al-
len (I). Time, :9.6 (equals state record). 120 Yaid High Hurdles—Won by Gutting (P); second Reidy (I); third Lawience (ND); fouith, Lemen (P). Time, 14.8. 880 Yaid Run—Won by Francis (ND); second, Bodeau (P); thud. Miller (I); fouith Trutt (I); Time 1:52.7. (New state record). 220 Yaid Dash—Won by Elliott (T); second, Clifford (ND); third, . DeLong (P); fouith, Boyle (I). Time, :21.8. 220 Yaid Low Hurdles—^Won by Lemen (P); second, Reidy (I); third, Gutting (P); fourth, Lawrence (I). Time, :23.4. (Equals state record). Mile Relay: Won by Indiana, second, Notre Dame, third, Purdue, fourth, Butler. Discus—Won by Faymonville (ND); second, Logue (I); third, Lynn (ND); fourth, Hager (D). Distance, 148 feet. Broad Jump—Won by Wadleigh (P); second, Gibbs (ND); third. Life (D); fourth, Balestrieri (E). Distance, 22 feet, 7 and 5-8 inches. Pole Vault—^Won by Gubbs (I); second. Shoemaker (I); third Merrill (I); fourth, Langdon (ND). Height, 13 feet 6 inches. (New state record). High Jump—Won by Leonas (ND); second, Marshall (B); third, Whitt (P), Lemen (P), and Tuttle (I). Height, 6 feet 5 and 3-8 inches. Shot Put—Won by Faymonville WD); second Beinor (I); third. Huff (I); fourth, Vergane (P). Distance, 48 feet 1-2 inch. Javelin—Won by Poorman (I); second Baillie (I); third, Curran (P); fourth, Langdon (ND). Distance, 177 feet 10 inches.THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
The Week’s NEWS
(Continued from page 1) capability of carrying out its good neighbor policy. Legislation . . . . . . asked for a year ago by the President, advanced a step toward enactment Wednesday, when the House passed the wages and hours bill, 314-97. Senators, on receiving the measure, evidenced their dislike of the provision’s inflexibility, but gave the impression that a compromise might be in the offing. Possibility of Court. .. . . . action to challenge President Roosevelt’s authority in the two-month-old order removing Dr. A. E. Morgan from his post as TVA chairman, was predicted Friday when Dr. Morgan replied, “I am certainly considering it,” to ques tions concerning such action.
of more than 60 per cent over 1936 sales. Government purchases amounted to 58 per cent of the total sales, as the trend toward larger and more expensive planes progresses. Government planes averaged $39,062 apiece, while private planes ran only $8,412 each.
BUSINESS Definite Indictment .. . . , . of the “big three” in the automobile world was returned by a federal grand jury in South Bend Friday. Ford Motor Company, General Motors Corporation, and Chrysler Corporation, affiliated finance companies, and 50 company officials were charged with conspiracy to violate the Sherman an-ti-ti'ust law. Said District Attorney James R. Fleming, the companies are charged with conspiring to promote monopoly by coercing dealers to finance car sales through the company’s own finance firms. Officials indicated that the trial would be delayed until early fall. Increased Rates . . . . . . failed to boost railroad revenues, as the first reports for April indicated net incomes 83.4 percent under those for the same period in 1937. High rates, which came into effect last month, as compared with reports of M3,rch, 1938, show a 82.5 per cent drop in revenue over the same 1937 period. Aircraft Sales . .. . . . and profits for the first quarter were at the highest level in their history, manufacturers reported last week. Total sales had passed the $100,000,000 mark for the first time in the history of American aviation, showing a gain
FOREIGN Czechoslovakian Troops . . . . . !' were watchful today as 2,480 communities went to the polls to vote in the second series of the municipal elections, which may decide the fate of Sudeten Germans in the Slovakian country. Thursday the Nazi government was reported to have demanded the demobilization of all reserves called out last week by Czechoslovakia’s President Eduard Benes Czechoslovakia retorted with the charges that German military planes had crossed the border 34 times between May 20 and May 25, and refused to decrease its military man power until the end of the municipal elections June 12. While 11,000 ... . . . Mexican federal troops were searching for Gen. Saturnine Cedillo, the evasive revolutionary leader, he talked via short wave radio and predicted the revolt will soon spread to other states ... official government reports had said that the rebel chieftain was virtually captured. Having evaded capture since fleeing from his San Luis Potosi home. General Cedillo Friday used his portable short wave radio to report that the world is not' being given a true picture of the revolution by the Mexican publicity department.
WAR 250,000 Chinese . . . . . . soldiers, trapped and broken up into relatively small bands by the Jap drive in the Suchow area, have escaped the ■ Nipponese net. Instead of meeting -with the annihilation planned for them, the Chinese crossed the Tientsin-Pu-kow (Nanking) railroad and rejoined the remainder of the army, official Chinese reports at Hankow stated. Emperor Hirohito . . . . of Japan installed two powerful generals and a financial giant Thursday in a reorganized cabinet designed to. permit more vigorous prosecution of the war with China. New cabinet members replace men accused of weakness in the face of national emergency. General Kazushige Ugaki, former governor general of Korea,
Sun Proof Paint
gal. $2.89
Wafer Spar Enamel gf. $1.19 Moore & Kemple Hdwe. Co.
North Side Square
became foreign minister, replacKiki Hirota. General Sadao Araki, ex-war minister and exponent of the necessity of some day having to fight Soviet Russia, took the post of minister of education. Seihin Kieda, Harvard-educated governor of the Bank of Japan, took over the portfolio of finance Spanish Loyalists . . . . . . began Tuesday to push a 60 mile front in northeastern Spain, taking a major offensive for the first time this year. From Lerida and Balaguer on the Segre river, then northward on the Noguera Pallaresa river through Tremp and Sort, they attacked the Rebel lines. , Barcelona dispatches stated the Loyalists had driven two wedges through the rebel lines, and asserted that the left flank of the Rebel’s northern army was split in two. 250 Killed . . . . . . was the record Rebel bombing planes left behind them after a raid on Alicante, Wednesday A thousand of the 70,000 tovraspeople were wounded in this most disastrous single raid of the entire Spanish Civil War.
SCIENCE Utah Dinosaurs . . . . . . for Utah museums only, was the reason Dr. Frederick James Pack, archaeologist refused to disclose where he dug up an 11-foot hind leg and a six-foot backbone section of a brontosaurus this week. Pack said he would keep the location of the monster a secret until his party from the University of Utah was ready to finish the excavation. Breed The Cluck . . . . . . right out of the little red hen say scientists—make the farmer more money. “Confine Biddy’s instincts and talents strictly to egg laying,” said poultry experts in conference in Chicago this week. Overall pockets will jingle louder if the experts succeed in making over the bird that la^s the golden eggs.
WOMEN IN THE NEWS Nationally . . . . and internationally acknowledged this week were birthdays of at least six women. On Monday,
Dowager Queen Mary of England celebr9.ted her 71st birthday* ' Yesterday, five young ladies of Callander, Ontario, celebrated the passage of the fourth year since their multiple birth. May 28, 1934. With odds of 57,000,000 to one against their being born, the five Dionnes have outgrown an initial weight of only 13 pounds, and six ounces, to become girls of a-little above normal height and weight. Gathered in Convention . . . . . . in Indianapolis Wednesday, members of the Indiana Federation of Women’s clubs voted to take over an active lobbying pro-
gram at the next meeting of the Indiana legislature.
Notre Dame(Continued from page 2) ulation 36 holes, the pair began the playoff for the championship. Both had fours on the next hole, but McCabe hit the pin with his next tee shot and sunk the putt for a birdie two. The team totals were Notre Dame, 610; Purdue, 63l'; Indiana, 646; DePauw, 672; and Butler, 673.
• the Exponent
Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Dine
1
"DEAC"
Have Your
A
Everything for a College Ed'uccftion
BEST MEAL at the
H. G.REISNER
NU CHINA CAFE
409 Columbia
SOUTHWORTH'S Everything for the Purdue Student
• Florist
Inc. 635 Main St. In Lana Theatra Boildinx Phone 7955—8050 • Locksmith
LAWN MOWERS NEW—USED—SHARPENED New Mowers 6.S0 ond np. Delivery service oa Mowers. MULHAUFTS Phona 2828-208-11 N. Sth 8«.
• PrintiJig
□
P
HINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE _
"’Office Stationery. Wedding Invitations
PHONE ^les Books, Etc. 2 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408FBRRy
• ieayty Stydio
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • Co-od Special, Thurs. - Fri. mEMLY BEAUTY STUraO 662 Main Phone 7727