V !
' ^ f
t!, •
1 \ Purdue , \ i -' li.iw
'4 A
/
Volume 51, No. 153
SttnijflQr# ApgB 14, 1940
A Week ofjWar By J.H. McKee
\
e Seven German Destroyers Were Sunk ' ... in the harbor of Narvik, the port through which all Scandinavian iron ore must pas^ while the Baltic remains frozen, by the 31,000 ton British battleship Warspite late yesterday according to a communique issued by the British Admiralty *in London at 10:30 p. m. London time. ' The communique stated that the Narvik harbor is now under British control although a scattered German garrison rema'ins in the city. The Warspite led a fleet of smaller craft into the Narvik harbor to meet the German fleet, and sunk three destroyers in a short battle. Four more German craft escaped into a nearby fjord where, the British state, all were sunk. One thousand German sailors were reported lost. • One Week Ago Yesterday Norway's . . . cropped headed Foreign Minister Halvdan Koht, in an address to the Norwegian parliament said that his country of nearly three and a half million people,'would “at once be at war” if free shipping in her territorial waters was interfered with to the advantage of one or the other side in the European struggle. The following Tuesday he saw his country invaded ovei* land, sea, and air by German troops, in one of the swiftest and seemingly carefully planned invasions of the recent German series. At dawn Tuesday, also, Nazi troops crossed the Dani^ border. In twelve hours the occupation of that-country was complete; there was no organissed resistance by the Danes. ,'
Germany defended her invasion . of the Scandinavian countries saying that she (Germany) was intending “armed protection to the Scandinavian states to counteract British violation of their neutral-
ity.”
• Purdue Radio . . . listeners to CBS news digests this week-end listened to Betty Wasson, former Purdue co-ed, broadcast the war situation from the Swedish capital, Stockholm. Miss Wasson has been covering the European situation for Trans-Radio Press. During the Polish crisis John McCntcheon Raleigh, also a former Purdue student, commentated on affairs in Berlin. • Following Closely . . . the laying of mines by English and French warships in Norwegian territorial waters, the invasion for a time seemed a spontaneous reaction to apparent fact. But days before the invasion was perpetrated Germany massed troops near Denmark, drilled them in embarkation and debarkation. e Also the landing of troops in the Oslo fiord, almost simultaneously with the crossing of the Danish boi,*der, suggests that the troop ships had left the nearest naval base some time before. The presence of marines in the North Atlantic near Narvik indicates that the attack was planned days in advance. • Germany's Troopship . . . Rio de Janeiro was torpedoed Monday four miles off the southern tip of Norway, with an estimated loss of three hundred of the five men aboard. Eighty horses were also aboard ship. Fishermen witnessing the torpedoing said that the ship' failed to halt when ordered to “heave to” by the British submarine. The first torpedo capsized the ship, throwing men into the icy waters of the Skagerrak. A second torpedo was fired killing large numbers of men. Fishermen picked up wpunded survivors, taking them to near-by Lillesand, Norwayi This was another indication of the preparation for invasion. • As The War Moved . . ..North President Roosevelt extended the United States’ definition of the combat areas, in which American ships are forbidden, to include all waters around Scandinavia and certain Russian Arctic ports. This extension of the war zone leaves American ships free to trade with Europe only through routes to Spain, Portugal, and certain neutral Mediterranean ports. i • Statistics ... of any accuracy regarding air and naval losses are unobtainable. Both sides claim victories denied (Continued on page 4)
Pomona Play Contest Deadline Tomorrow Deadline for the intercollegiate one-act playwi’iting competition, sponsored by Criterion, Pomona College literary magazine, will be tomorrow midnight. Manuscripts must be postmarked not later than
that time.
Judges will consider any type of play, except translations, • adaptations, and previously published plays, which is typewritten and accompanied by a one-dollar entrance fee and an entry blank giving name, college, address, title, and signature of the writer. The play should be anailed to Criterion editors, student union, Pomona College, Claremont,
Cahf.
Fifteen prizes will be awarded, the fiist being the Robeit Taylor/, Award of fifty dollars in cash, es-^' tablished in honor of Robert Taylor, graduate of Pomona College, Class of 1933. Prize winning plays will be considered by Robert Taylor for possible motion picture adaptation. Guests Of Women's Club Will Attend Tea In Union Newcomers’ Club and Faculty Women’s Club of Indiana University and the local sponsor group of the Indianapolis Symphorfy Orchestra will be guests of' the Purdue Women’s club at their symphony tea Tuesday afternoon at 3 o’clock in the north ballroom of the Union. Fabien Sevitsky, conductor of the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra and Leon Zawisza, concert master of the symphony will address the meeting. Tea will be served after the program. Mrs. J. Rising and Mrs. A. P. Stewart are co-chairmen of the af-
fair.
Brown Infroduces ,'ln San Moray' On Campus Varieties Fans of the Saturday afternoon broadcast. Campus Varieties, flocked to the south ballroom of the Union, or hovered around their radios to hear Irvan Maury’s campus orchestra open the program for the first time in seven weeks. The outstanding attraction was the band and its popular features, Darlene Mahns and Eddie Beardsly, singers, and Clint Brown, cojnposer-vocal-ist-trumpet player., Clint Brown’s latest composMon, ^“In San Moray,” introduced the air for the first time, was received with popularity equal to that .received by “Hittin’ the Books,” presented at the Union swing session last week. ' Favorites from previous programs, returning with their specialties, included Pat Heine, vocalist; Charlie Powell, singer-pianist who sang the Carmichae# Song of the Week, “I Walk With Music”; Russ Mock, pianist; Dick Pittenger; and Jean Skinner and her Melody Maids who sang “Summertime.” Varsity Sh^ow’s production of Victor Herbert’s “Sweethearts” was previewed from Fowler Hall. Best known songs from the show were presented by members of the cast, choruses, and the orchestra. Hank Miller, maiSter of ceremonies, presented the Week-in-Review. '40 Commencement Invitation Samples Placed On Display Orders for 1940 commencement mvitatiCns and announcements will be taken at Deac’s, Southworth’s, and the west desk of the Union beginning tomorrow evening, the Gala Week Committee has announced. Sample covers have been supplied by the manufacturers, and will be placed at the bookstores and Union for the inspection of those placing orders. ’ An advance order list must be completed during the next two weeks before an order can be placed with the manufacturer, sales chairman Bill Gobeille stated. Money will not be taken until the finished invitations arrive. Invitations come in black leather or heavy white cardpaper covers, the leather-bound invitations selling at 26 cents each, the white cardboard copies priced at 15 cents. The contents of these invitations are the same. Dutchfold announcements are to sell at 5 cents each, complete also with two envelopes. Black invitation covers are of genuine grained leather, attractively designed with the tower of Heavilon Hall embossed on a cloud background of gold leaf. Inside, the invitation frontspiece is followed by views of three Purdue buildings, a list of candidates for June degrees, a list of the January, 1940 graduating class, and the 1940 Gala Week program. The cloud background on the white covers also bears gold
leaf.
1 \ < Dr. R. M. pavis^ Presbyterian Minister. Speaks On Religious Convo Program In Fowler Hall At 10:30 This Morning
Frost, Noted Poet, Speaks At Literary Banquet Tuesday Robert Frost, famous for his American poetry and .as ■'a Pulitzer prize winner, will be the featured speaker at the thirteenth annual Literary tlinner which will be held Tuesday at 6:30 in the south ballroom of the union. Dr. Elliott will preside and Prof. Paul Fatout, of the English department, is chairman of the dinner committee. Students who have done outstanding individual work in the literary field will be -presented with awards which, are given annually by the University. Prizes will be presented for the following: best play, George Ade cup; best poems, David E. Ross cup; best short story, H. G.^ Reisner cup; best inforipaal essay, Governor Townsend cup; second -»best essay, $10 from, the English department; scientific essay, $15 and $10 from Dean Enders; best historical essays dealing with Tippecanoe County, $15 and $10, Hock-ema-Stew.art prize; libraries collected by seniors, $100 and $35 Winterrowd prizes; and freshman vocabulary contest, one unabridged and three abridged dictionaries from the Merriam Webster Company, Tickets at 76 cents may be purchased at the English department office,* Southworth’s, Deac’s, the Union, and Deckers. Only those with tickets will be admitted to the banquet, but any one interested may attend the session following the dinner. Bridge Teams Urged To Try Again Tuesday “It’s still any man’s, or woman’s, ball game” in the all-campus championship bridge tournament, so teams that just didn’t click last Wednesday evening are advised to cheer up by tourney officials. The only requirement for entering the semi-finals is to reach the half-way mark in the section in which the team is placed. This Tuesday the ^seco'nd round will be played at 7 .i). m. in the south ballroom of ihe Union. No teams have been eliminated and every team should play again regardless of its score in the first session, Julius L. Bom, tournament dilector, said. Kibitzers are advised to dash over to the game room of the Union building, look up the team scores, and boost one of the 47 teams. Favorites so far in each section are, the Slick Aces; Poker Players’ Local; and Cary Hall Northwest.
Dr. Davis
. . . will speak this morning at 10:30 o’clock in Fowler Hall at the last convocation for worship of the current season. , Special Instruction In Favorite Spiorts Offered By PE Dept By Martha Jane Fox Here’s your chance, girls, if you couldn’t get in the gym class you wanted this semester. For the remainder of the year opportunity for all women students to learn and perfect their diving, archery, tennis, swimming, and life saving is offered at the women’s gympasium in a schedule of special classes meeting weekly. These classes, which are independent of the regular intramural program, will especially benefit those women who plan to teach these sports as camp counselors. The depaitment staff members will give the instruction. ^ Thei’e will be a regular class in senior life saving, meeting every evening from 7 to 9, and those interested are m’ged by the department to attend. Other special classes to be held at the women’s gymnasium until the close of the semester are as follows : swimming with instruction op Monday and Thursday at 4, and recreational swimming on other days at 4; tennis with instruction on Monday at 4 and with tournaments and games on Wednesday at 4; diving on Tuesday and Thursday at 3:30; archery instruction on Wednesday at 4 and tournaments and practice shoots Monday at 4.
Last
. . . night 100 couples danced to the music of Gene Hileman and his orchestra at the regular Saturday night mixer in the south ballroom of the Union.
Campus Organization Announce Spring Initiates
Four
. . . undergraduate and three graduate students will be initiated into Omicron J>lu, the Home Economics honorary fraternity, at a formal ceremony today at 5 o’clock in room 307 of the Union. The graduate initiates will give a report on their thesis and a buffet supper will be served. Undergraduate initiates are Irene Sutherlin, Jeanne Plummer, Mary Edith Monk and Lucille Osborne.
Miss Betty Schilling, Miss Mary Bone and Mrs. Opal Collins are the graduate initiates.
Kappa Alpha Theta Formal
Reamer
. . . athletic booster honorary, announces the initiation of the following men: W. D. Archibald, L. E. Aull, G. H. Doherty, D. R. Faut, B. W. Gibson, G. S. Griffin, J. W. Hudson, W. D. Knepper, E. G. Matthews, B. H. Morgan, C. H. Myers, C. Palmer, R. Payne, C. H. Rechenback, H. W. Schaefer, I. H. Selkowitz, M. H. Smith, L. V. Teeter, J. C. Willsey, J. E. Wunderly.
. , . social sorority, announces the initiation of the following: Jean Ainsworth, West Lafayette, Jacqueline Decker, Lafayette; Alice Bahls, Lafayette; Mary Jane Bird, South Bend; June Close, Ft. Wayne; Roberta Craig, Chicago; Jeanette Haynes, Chicago; Pat Frigge, Vincennes; Frahees Lloyd, West Lafayette; Betty Lewis, Indianapolis; Jo Ann Jackson, Indianapolis; Martha Raub, Lafayette; Vinton Taylor, Lafayette; Marlop Thompson, W. Lafayette; Ruth Wilson,Chicago.
. . . initiation of Silver Mask, fencing honorary, pledges, will take place today at 6 pan. in room 232 of the Union. The ceremonies will be followe^. immediately by a banquet in the Chestnut Room. The new initiates are C. R. Oakes, J. H. Parks, J. C. McConahay, R. F. Abell, B. W. P^r-tridge, C. D. Swaim, H. B. Burl, R. Baupian, A. H. M. Del Valle^ H* M. Redhead, and W. A. Reade.
Californii Pastor Concludes Year's Sunday Programs % Appearing-for the last convocation for worship program of the Current school year, Ralph Marshall Davis, pastor of the First Presbyterian Ghurch of OakMhd, Calif., will speak in Eliia^'-FiHHer Hall at 10:30 this morffi^g.' ‘ iSie subject of Dr. Davis' address is^ “Man: Builder, ’'Fighter,' Lhver,Worshipper.” The 150 voice University choir and the 30 voice Echo choif, una.er the direction of Albert P. Stewfirt, will present a program of' two numbers, “Even Me” and “BeautHul Cavior.” Robert Stanley will sing the baritone solo ,of the latter selection, which is taken from “Crusader’s Hymn,” Spoken Many Times Since his first appearance on the campus, for the baccalaureate address in 1926, Dr. Davis has addressed campus audiences over a dozen times. For six consecuijve ^ ybars, beginning with the f(ill of ^ 1928, he gave the principal address at the first all-University convocation held each year in the Memorial gymnasium. ' ' Concluding Program ' ' Today’s program will conclude current monthly series of religious convocations, but they will be continuedj^ next September with pro-, grams in the new Music Hall. i' Dr. Davis was formally pastor of the Hyde Park Presbjrterian Church of Chicago, and also held a pastorate in an Erie, Pa., chuiich. He holds degrees from Missouri Valley College, San Francisco Theological Seminary, Harvard, and Boston University. Series Of Physks i Lectures Continued By Faculty Members The first of the remaining three lectures in the series of five “Twentieth Century” lectures which was started in February and. continued m March will be delivered tomorrow at 7:30 p.m*, by ,Dr. R. D. Present,,Of the,^^hysi<^ d^paft- , ment, in the Physics LectiUe Dr. ,Presept’s tell^ will, ope^ “Wave Mechanics// land will con^ cerh new deVefopmbptS ih th*? , ntum Theory of atmrts', molecules and cosmic‘rays. I 1 r The second of thOiremaiwing; lec^* tmes will bp by Pr, J. K. S^p'of the physics deparlgni^nt on the history of the atom, and Ihe lastef the series will be given bS^ Frof. J. E. Carlson of the physics department on cosmic rays. Both of these lectures will probably be in Mpy bpt the actual dates will be announced later, Dr. Present said Dr. Present continued, “These are intended to be popular lectures, and are especially for the benefit of the sophomores and juniors,” The lectures are made possible through Sigma Pi Sigma, physics honorary.
Open
. .. house is being held from S' to 5:30 o’clock this afternoon at all the Women’s Co-op houses on campus. The hopses open for inspection are: Twin Pines, 103 Russel; Kenwood, 166 Ijl, Qicent; Ann Tweedalo, 123 S^ate SL; and Brockway, Grant, i ,i/
PtifBDUE EXBOHENT
Sunday. April 14. 1940
‘Thanks For The Buggy Ride’'
It's Over Hill And Dale For ,65 Miles Of Breezy. Scenic Spring' Driving
By Bill Heaton
Editor’s Note: This is the second m a ernes of three articles designed to tonish approximate location of spots of saffteient scenic interest for a pleasure ride or picnic.
Hello again! If yotir snowshoefe aren’t m hock for the summer, you had better take them along today. On second thought, -we’ll 3«st take a bobsled and forget about the snowshoes. Getting back to earth again, have yim 6ver heard 6f th6 “Blazer?” You have? That’s strange. At any rate, It’s on Fourth street, the starting point of teday’s “excursion.” State Road 25 is routed through the city on this street, and we ad^ that you drive sOuth along tills street to the city limits and then continue on road 26; that is, if you wish to get off to a good start . H You Need A Rest . . . Our itinerary includes a wellknown health resort and its accompan3nng scenery, plus a secluded spot excellent for picnics or a patteripg of romance, known to the few who go there as “The Precipice.” Just how well the latter site lives “up” to its name, we will relate to you in just a minute. Approxiniately 17 miles below Lafayette road 25, a modem concrete highway is joined by state road 28. They separatO one mile or so below the junction. At this “Y” take road 28, which angles to the right. Follow this road, also a concrete pavement, into Attica, a distance of nine miles. On the Banks of the Wabash In Attica, an old but progressive town of 3,700 inhabitants, road 28 joins IT. S. 41. Follow the route of these highways through the business '^dstrict and across “ye olde familiarfe” Wabash river. From here it is approximately three miles to the point where road 28 turns off to the left. One quarter of a mile ahead on road 41 we turn to the right onto a gravel road. A prominent sign opposite this turn on the left side of road 41 advertises the fact that the Mudlavia Hotel lies off the main-travel-ed highway on this gravel road. You can’t miss it; that is, if you’re going slow enough to make the turn. “Steep Hill—Shift Gears” Descending a steep hill we find ourselves in the deserted lowlands along Pine Creek. Crossing the
Notices
Union Workers: All available workers report Moitdayr April IB, to Union office at 4 p. m, to work on Prom decorations. y MO, ry —HOFFBB, BRODD.
WAA Tennis: Intramural and student faculty doubles tournament begins negit week. Deadline for sigmng up is April 17. The list IB posted in the women’s gym. Monday. and Wednesday there will be instructiorf for WAA members. —EMSHOFF.
Onting Club: A bicycle hike to Battle Ground is planped for 1 p. m. Sunday, April 21. All interested whether having bicycles or not call Marcile Long, 2828, Marge Ward, 41111, George Shawkma, 66714, or Fred Cordua, 8B293 There will be an election of Outing Club officers at this meeting. —COEDUA.
Silver Mask: Formal initiation Sunday, April 14, 6 p m in room 282 of Union. All pledges bring a Sam Browne belt. Banquet following initiation. —^ELDY.
Independent Staff: Petitioners will be interviewed Sunday afternoon and evening, April 14 Post card will notify each of the time of hiB interview Staff will work next Wednesday on issue for April 22 —ARCHIBALD
Lmtheran Students: A meeting of the Lutheran Students Association will be held in room 807 of the Union, Monday, April 16, at 7.16 p. m. —HALL
Oaderon Nn: Initiation and buffet sup* Sunday. April 14, at 6 fi.m, in room of the Union. —HOEWITZ
Student Service Fund Committee: Will In the east faculty lounge, Monday, 16, at 4 p.m. Please 4>e prompt —HOBBS,
creek on an antique iron bridge we turn to the left. Following this road around a few typical Indiana “hills” and traversing it to its eiid, a distance of two or three miles, we find ourselves confronted with the new Mudlavia Hotel. Only past history and a few landmarks can tell the story of this once-famous site, known then as the Cameron Springs hotel. The curative powers of the mudbaths administered here were famous the nation over. Nbted charac^kers and persons in the public eye visited this place m the hope of finding relief for their aching limbs. Fate of the Famous Twenty years ago, at the height of its glory, the gigantic hotel burned to the ground. For 16 years the still-beautiful grounds and ex-J tensive ruins of this structure ingrounds. Instead of turning in this direction, follow the branch to the left. This road wends its way thifough an inviting gorge, at the same time ascending quite a steep grade. Coming out on top, it bends to the right. Hope You Don’t Have To Push At %. distahce of only a few feet from this point you will notice a couple of wheel ruts leaving the roadway and penetrating the dense woods on the lefl Unless this path is too muddy, it will be safe for your car. If it is impassable we advise a little footwork. About a half mile from the load your path terminates in a small but ample clearing. The charred remains of a few campfires serve to remind bne of the happy hours spent by other pleasure-seekers. As we told you before, this spot is known as The Precipice, and no wonder! At one edge of the clearing IS an unguarded drop of fully 75 feet to the jagged rocks below! At the bottom of this cliff lies the course of Pine Creek, a “lazy stream of dreams” for many who view it fiom their position on the heights far above.
Newman Club: Monthly communion Sunday, April 14, at 9'SO mass at St. Mary’s followed by a breakfast in the school hall Sunday night, 8 to 11 pf.m, there will be a radio dance in the hall. All Catholic students are invited to attend ( —GAETY.
Activities Bnrean: Compulsory meeting of all junior and sophomore workers at 4 p.m. Monday, April 16. , ( —BREUER.
PIA Board: Meeting Monday, April 16. at 7:1B pm. sharp Elections, banquet, and trill will be discussed. All members please -HINSHAW.
Military Students: The following students will report to room 103 at 4 o’clock on Mon day, April 16 They will receive their assignments for the Military Show for Gala A E Arkin, E. L. Blakslee, G D. Bradner, J. W. Brown, J. D. Brummett, T. M Busbnell, G C. Chapin, M R. Chapin, R. A Dibos, A. J Dillon, G N Doup, 3. P. Edwards, A. H. Exton, D. D. Getchel, B. W Gibson, F. N. Graf, H E Gommel, J. F. Guzewicz, T. F Hale, H. R Hanson, R E. Hawker, L A. Hess, N. S Hill, J W. Hudson, R. W. Huffman, J. G Hurst, A. L Jackson, R A Jackson, M. E Keck, J. E. Klinker, F. K. Knipp, W. L. Korte, C. C Kratz, F. P liongwell, W. H Lupke, B A. Luthi, A S Luzzatto, A Manelski, G. G. Manley, R G. Massey, H. E. Milligan, C. W Peterson, F. J Rogers, J. L. Schell, E C Schrader, W. P Simpson, B. C. Sleeper, L Stallwood, C. K. Taylor, L. V. Teeter, A A. Topp, J E. Trask, A B. Van Scoter, W A Ward, S. E Werngren, E. H. Wilson, XT . la "Ct TKrii "ir ^
Art Club; Short organization meeting, Tuesday, April 16, at 7:80 p m. In room 282 of the Union. All those interested please attend. __ --CLARK.
H R Wilson, R. E. Wilson, G. M. Yurkanan
-HURST.
ChoKh of Christ: Meeting Sunday, April 14. at 8 p. m., at 804 Sooth 27ih St, Lafayette. ^^nk Van Dyke, minister, wiU be m caaiK —CANTOWINE.
Seabory Clnb: Meeting at 6:46 p. m. SuiJday. Apfii 14, in roMn C of the Union. Supper brfore meseting as usuaL F«». J. K. McKee wffl speak on “Keeping Your Head in The Midst of Propaganda" —BABSS.
POMM Pledges; Meet in Armory at 6 30 p m, Tuesday. April 16, for formal initiation Wear uniform —HOTLER
— TODAY - MONDAY — IROW THE GREAT tOVE DRAMAI
AND —
PAVJD L LOEW presents m palace
With ELEN MACK PAUL KELLY
— ALSO — 'MICKEY MOUSE'
POMM Actives: All are expected to attend formal initiation in formal uniform in Armory at 5 30 p m , Tuesday, April 16 Spring initiation banquet will follow in west faculty lounge of the Union at 6 30 p m. Tickets may be secured at formal initiation or at lounge do6r Interesting speaker —ARCHIBALD
Christian Sciehce Organization: Special business meeting will follow the regular Tuesday evening meeting, April 16, at 7 30 p m , in room 303 of the Union All members please be present _ —KNIPP
PIA Chorus- Next rehearsal will be held Thursday April 18, at 4 30 p m , in room 307 of the Union This will begin a senes of important rehearsals in preparation for two banquets and the All-Univensty Sing Please plan to spend a full hour \ —ARCHIBALD
Classified Ads
FOR SALE
Military Students: Batteries D E F Fourth Field Artillery, meet in the Armory for Corps Day, Tuesday, April 16 These batteries will form the motorized battalion for Corps Day —LA FORCE
Scnvener Members: Meeting Sunday, April 14, at 7 30 p m in room 303 of the Union —MUNRO
Reamer Club- Meet in room 304 of the Union at 8 p m , Monday, April 16 Very important business Compulsory attendance —RBILEY
MARS
— NOW PLAYING
Now!...Another Famous Story Makes miW/f6 Screen History! ,
— EXTRA — PETE SMITH SPECIALTY ''WHAT'S YOUR I. Q."
Even Indians Were Susceptible History associates the romantic name o| “Lovers’^ Lea^’ with this dicated to' cdifioite Yi^fots the sifee and fame that had once been Cameron Springs. As jwe approached the hotel a Yihfte ago, ovjr road fehdefd. A right turn took yoR into the hotel seldom-visited spot. As the story goes an IndiaSl brave, s|>umed by his lady lo^^; i(^olK dif tM biiff and landed way down there. Personally, we think We lYas a sucker, and don’t ddwSfe" hhytfeaife^d rds^i; however, we’re keeping it in mind until finals a^e over. Five ye^l'ftgo M group 6f business mfen built a modem hotel alm6st on the site of the old one, convinced j;hat they could re-estab-lish the curative powers of tins spot. Besides housing patients and administering mud bath treatments, the new hotel also serves raCRls to visitors. The beauty of this resort is indeed worth your inspection. Like A Thrill? In case you retain that adventuring spirit of our pioneer forefathers, there is another spot close by that yUu will certUinly be interested in. Since it is only a mile from the hotel, its native splendor rates your visit. Besides, it provides a secluded place for a little “recreation” after a tough day. With a feW breaks from the weather man, the far-reaching view from The Precipice should include some of the better examples of Indiana “scenery.” In case you’re interested in getting back, we advise retracing your loute. Total distance approximates 65 miles, most^of which is over perfect roads.
Ah! The garden plot was teeming, Even cUbhage lost his h«iad. When pansy started screaming “There’s a worm beneath my bed!” —^bootiful spring, —B&6— Here we go ,pn the Prom again. Dear B & B:
PIA Will Present Forum
On Etiquette For Hosts
FOR RENT
Rm.—B.nt-A-CT Swric. C«m for all ofcaaioni Mia 88.60 aU night. Phon. 71044.
LOST AND FOUND Lo^t: Wallet, containing $6.00, tickets to prom, “Sweethearts.” $2 00 reward Jack Findley 4840.
Lost: K and E log-log duplex rule No 616930. Call 7026
FOR SALE — Typewriters All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired New portable machines as low as $29 76 Supplies C F. Ebersheff, 605 Main street
LUNA
TODAY - MONDAY
A "cold" body In a "hot" car
. . . with a schoolteacher Cinderella at the #heel . . . and the tonghest mob town on her trail!
mtb Heather John ANGEL-KING
PLUS—2ND FEATURE
A Miqhly Novel .A Seniotlonoi Sta^e Success
NOW, the YEARS MOST IMPORTANT PICTURE
hMICE INI MEN
Ay JOHN STEINBECK dUiNIRGESS MEIEDmi'BEm nEU’LON OUNnir.
* Sweethearts * Cast Proves Well-Known Stage Maxim
Nineteen Baseball
Encounters Remain
By Chuck Hart
Jim Kurtz is being driven into ft nervous freUi^y, ftnd d;l drt Account of a woman. Some unknown babe, alias Isadora FisheT, has been calling Jilh Up and making lo^6 to him over the phone. These calls have been quite frequent and usually come in tbe middle of the night. Mr. Kurtz humbly asks that this young lady please reveal her identity so that the love part coul<| come true . 7. —B & B—
I think that George Hall is the best hand that could have been chosen. I think George Hall is swell. I think that the Prom committee showed good judgment in choosing George Hall. He has a very good band and there is no room for further criticism, ^ —“Mrs. Hall.” —B & B— That must be a new name for the PrdiU Chmmittee!!
The cast and directors of “Sweethearts,” Varsity Show of 1940,'received a shock the other day. The shock came' iwith the knnounceiueht that Elmer Carlquist was Ulierated on for appendicitis. Carlquist is one of the leading tenors on the cariipus apd had a prominent part in “Sweethearts,” Rehearsals having been going on for a month and with only a week and a half to go before opeJning night, something had to he done immediately. iVilliam Deam, director of the acting and dancing, appointed Bennie Burns, possessor of a minor part'in the show, to the role which Carlquist had had before his unfortunate luck. Prank Franz was given the pairt which Bums vacated. ‘ Wonder 6f wonders, both BirnnC and Franz had their lines “cold” and were well on the way to mastering the action within two rehearsals! Now, once again, everything looks rosy—and “the show will go on!” Baptist' Stu4ents
For Boilermakers
West Lafayette Bftiitiat Church 9:30 a. m.—^Roger Williams Club class. Dean M. L. Fishet, teacher. 10:36 a.m.—Church worship. Sermon “The Oldest and Greatest Corporation,” by Joseph feaird Gleason. 5:30 p.m.—Roger Williams Club fellowship hour. 6:30 p.m.—Ralph Myer Simon of Templfe Israel will speak on “Religion and Democracy.”
PIA will present the second of its forums on etiquette Wednesday, April 17, at 7:15 p. m. in the east faculty lounge of the Union. This forum will be based on Georgann Schilling’s recently published book on student etiquette, “Pardon Me,” and will be entitled “We Are Hosts.” Demonstrations of the proper manners to be shown by hosts will be made by WRH co-eds and Cary Hall men. Peggy Hamilton, of south hall, and Gene Johnston, Cary Hall, will be in charge of these demonstrations.
Presbyterian- and Congregational Students College- clasis -Will meet Sunday morning, 9:30, Central Presbyterian Church. Dr. Graves will lead dis-
cussion. 10:45 a.m—^Worship and preaching service, Dr. Graham preaching. ^:00 p. m. — Westminster Club Supper at 6:00, Forum discussion at 7:00. Dr. E. L. Kelly, of the Department of Psychology, will speak. All are invited.
Nineteen hard-fought gabies remain On the Boilermaker baseball Cafd for this season’s Riveter edition. Having trodden over their opponents five times-in the first seven tilts, the Riveters will be playing to retaiU their .714 winning percentage for the remainder of the campaign. Relations with unfavorable weather have already 6dused the cancellation of thfee eabrly-seasUn games, with AlabaiUa Pol^y Iowa, and Pittsbuigh. However, baseball weather is on the road, and the four games next week will put Feliripg’s team far into the 2^ game ftcbedule. On Tuesday and Wedllfesdd;^ the Firtdlay College nine, fi»oM the town of the same name in Ohio^ invade the Boilermaker dianiond. For the third aijd fourth games of the week, the Riveters meet the Hoosiers at Bloomington. Including next week’s Indiana double-header, ten Big Ten contests and nine non-conferencC' tilts remain to be played by tlib ifeivdters. All of the conference gaiUes are arranged as double-headers, which enables the baseball squads to play their quota of twelve games with less traveling expense. The remainder of the ftiveter baseball calendar is as foHowS: April 16, 17—Findlay College, here. April 19, 20—Indiana, at Bloomington. April 23—^Butler, here. April 26, 27—Chicago, at Chicago. April 29—Notre Dame, at South Bend. May 3, 4—Ohio State, here. May 8—Wabash, at Crawfordsville. May 10, 11—Illinois, here. May 14—Notre Dame, here. May 17, 18—Michigan, at Lansing. May 21—Butler, at Indianapolis. May 24, 26—Illinois Wesleyan, here.
SONGWRITERS, ATTENTION! ORCHESTR/^ WORLD Magazine's big contest gives you the opportunity to write song lyrics to SIX melodies written by ISHAM JONES For full details write ORCHESTRA WORLD-ISHAM JONES CONTEST 1619 Broadway, Suite 410-C, New York City
THE SHADOW of REBECCA'S LOVES, HATES and PASSIONS Hovers over Them!
While their eyes blaze with hunger for each other their hearts tremble with dread over the lure ef woman's relentless FasinationI
DAPHNE DuMAURIER'S
Rebecca
starting LAURENCE OLIVIER Brilliant Star of ''Wufflering Heights" JOAN FONTAINE Lovely, Captivating New Personality C. AUBREY SMITH
Starts TODAY UffifMlIU
For The Whole FandlTl Halt Hisney’s
FUU lENGTH FEATURE IN TECHNICOIOR
inocGhi
Moro advit than anything hn*B ovor donn bahra, yet! •o €oniptatnfy appaallag to otteeMothor, Dad, nndthoi IdddloMtoot
EVEN BETTER THAN SNOW WHITE!
km
— ADMISSION — Nights and Sunday...., .35e Week Day Matinees..^ —2j5c Children Always..............—lOe
It
R'
‘k
If-/ f
> *
I
I
mmrnmmmm
ll Sunday. April l4. I§4d
i»oit&tr£ Ex»ai^£iri‘
Riveter Trackmen Defeat Elwardmen Battle lntra-Si|uad Game In Mud; Modem Bowmen Steal Indian' Fresh Brock, Fijala, King, Carter, Outstanding Thunder With Arqhery Skill
Thursday’i^ isnowy example of the unpredictable Indiana spring weather wreaked havoc with the majority of the Boilermaker sports abtivities of the week, but Coach Mai Elward and his cold-blooded varsity gridders took little notice of th6 unusual climate yesterday afternoon as they staged their second regulation game practice of the spring training period. Judging from yesterday’s battle
Mai is expecting soiUe of this spring weather to carry over until next fall, since he made use of the sea of mud known as Stuart Field for the scene of the intra-squad clash. It wasn’t long after the opening kickoff before both the Red and White teams were almost indistinguishable bepeath a liberal coating of ^mud. In spite of the condition of the field, which pldyed as the twelfth man on both sides, pulling down ;ball carriers, blockers, and wouldbe tacUers indiscriminately, the Boilermakers put bn a very heartening preview of next fall’s prospective squad as the White outskidded thh Reds, IS-IS, before 50 loyal Riveter fans. King Scores King scored first blood for the White tek^ ks he bse^d afound right eqd from the 16 yard marker on an end around play. Schumaker converted. ^6 ' ’VirhitSfe’ secbitd touchdown came on Carter’s pass to Snyder. The kick was no good.
Fijala was chased to the goal line after intercepting a pass to complete the White scoring. Center tiugo intercepted a White pass and carried it over for the Reds’ initial score. The conversion was wide. Stevenson pulled down Fijkla’s aerial for the second and final Red touchdown. Fijala added the poirit after touchdown, fkosh ti^k Good Yesterday’s battle made it even more evident that the juniors and senior^ are gbing to have to fight to hold dbwn regular starting positions next fall. Junior Brock ttumed in a fine :berfbrnfance in tke Red backfield for brother Lou and Cec Isbell, who were watching from the sidelines. Red Carter displayed some of the fkmdus Carter driving power that ^liduld -^orry the mbre experienced babl^. ^ijalk gave notice that he’ll Mve to he reckoned with wheri football season rolls around.
the Purdue E^onezit ^ \ Service Directory
• School Supplies
• Professional
"DEAC* Everything for a College Education
Risk Dental Clinic DR. f AUL A Rm DR. lijnkR A. RliK OR. HAROU) J. RISK 4th a Main PherM 5701
• Dairy Products
• Locksmith
M.E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
KEYS & LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk lociu, night latches and padlocks, Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPTS 209-n N. 5th St. Phone 2626
• Hardware
• Florists
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354 1
, Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Floweis Main at 7th Phone 6050
1
• • • You MAY NOT 5E A BEAUTY QUEEN! ^(STATISTICS SHOW ONLY 4 OUT OF 5 ARE) • • • You MAY NOT BE AN ALL-AMERICAN! — (STATISTICS SHOW ONLY 4 OUT OF 5 ARS)
• • •
But YOU’LL BE A VARSITY BOOSTER!
ClfAtt
(STATISTICS SHOW 5 OUT OF 5 ARE)
The COLLEGE NEWS Magaziae
Local Agent DON POWERS 210 Waldron Street Introductory year's subscription $1.00. On all news stands now in West Lafayette. 10 CENTS FROM COAST TO COAST
Phil Johnson While seeking the practicing members of the tennis squad yesterday afternoon, we stepped tranquilly out onto the main floor bf the Fieldhouse only to be met with such ' a flight «f arrows that we thought we were suffering the fate of Braddock and Washington in the Frettcll and Indian War, a savage ambush. However, we survived the initial barrage, and had our jumping nerves slightly abated when we^ learned that We were not seeing ^ pixies of Robin Hood, but that we were witnessing the indoor championship archery matches of the Hoosier State Archery Association. What,* No Lincoln Green? Lacking only the background of Lincoln Gre4n, which has been traditional in archery matches since Robin Hood roamed the Sherwood Forests, the near one hundred bow enthusiasts, composed of members of both sexes, competed from 10 in the morning until the same time in the evening, bidding for the quintet of Individual championships. During a cessation of activities we managed to enveigle a few interesting facts concerning the ancient Indian sport from a pair of the state’s finest archers, last year’s state champion Virgil Healy and the run-ner-up, Jack Wendling. Indians Not So Potent According to runner-up Wend-
Phont 3085
Successful I Then WE Ponder... "HE ALWAYS LOOKS WELL DRESSED." Regular Cleaning did the trick f YOU can be in his class with American's Dependable Cleaning ! American Laundry Weal side Office 132 Vine St
Let’s
■ iij. A dhA mgk ichigan State, 69-53
Dave Rankin Wins Three First Places To Pace Victors
Holderman Sets Two Records
ling, most of the good archers of today are much more accurate than Were the American Indians. “The outstanding reason for thife,” he stated, “is the fact that they didn’t have^matched equipment.” This disillusioned our idea of the skill of the Aborigines, so we quickly asked him how they managed to get game so easily if they weren’t such good
shots.
Savages Stealthy “They didn’t have to be good,” he replied. “They were so stealthy that they could get very close to their game, and thus would not need as much skill. Todajl- out arrows kfe guaranteed to be duplicates of each other within 3 percent,” he added. “T^e pay fifteen dollars per dozen for matched arrows.” Upon further sleuthing, we learned that Jack is a game warden from Columbus, Indiana, and that he takes his bow with him for hijnting purposes whenever he is seeking those who might be infringing on the state game laws. (We wonder how he could hunt out of season while others couldn’t.) Jack asserted that he bags several rabbits and groundhogs each year with onlyi'nis bow and arrows. Iffealy Ninth ]^st Champion Hebly was extremely well pleased with ike set-up in the Fieldhouse, and remarked that the facilities were the best he had ever encountered in indoor meets. In the 1936 National Archery Championship, Healy finished the ninth best archer in the nation. The most intriguing factor of the match was the “Robin Hood” hats which many of the archers wore. The varied colored bonnets (just like Pinocchio’s with a longer feather) werC topped With a dashing pheasant feather (whew) flowing off behind. We caught several co-ed Spectators glancing longingly at the hats, but we cbuld tell that they were hardly enough m extreme to meet with thfe full approval of the “weird shaped hat” loving weaker sex.
^hjoiai
While the Boilermaker gridiron team struggled in the mud of Stuart Field during an intra-squad tussle, tjieir sterling capvtain and right end, Dave RanMn, was leading the Riveter track team to a 69-53 victory over the powerful Michigan State thinlies in the initial outdoor meet of the season.
Rankin pgeed the winners in the meet at Lansing with the amazing feat ^f gamering a trio of firsts during the afternoon. Shortly after the start of the meet, Dave led the field to the tape in his specialty event, t]|e high hurdles. After only a slight pause, Rankin finished fast in the low hurdle race te win his second victory of the day. Not content with a pair of victories, Dave left the handicap events for the dashes as he entered competition for the 75 yard dash. His third first of the day was not to be denied him, as the versatile Warsaw, Indiana athlete copped his third blue
ribbon.
- Two More For Ed Closely following upon the heels of Rankin for high honors of the day was “iron” man Ed Holderman, who set a brace of new meet records in the distance events. In his first race, Holderman broke the record in the half mile race by winning m the time bf 1:56.9 minutes. HoWever, thib time is fOur and six tenths seconds slower than Holderman’s best indoOr timfe for the mile Of 4:13, “i^ich is thought to be the fastest mile run in collegiate competition as yet this year. Shackleton, Too Captain Shackleton gave the Boilermaker contingent their final first as he won the 440 yard dash by the time of 50.7 seconds, his best time this season.. Shbckleton’e former best time was 50.8 seconds, clocked for the quarter which he ran to win the event in the Athletic Carnival.
Cancellation The regular Sunday afternoon music room program, scheduled for this afternoon at 4 p.m. has been canceled. The glee club was originally slated for appearance.
BEGINNER'S CLASS OPENS Mon., Apr. 22, 7:30 p. m. Sfody Under a Nationally Known Initructor—P. M. Allen Graduate Cliallf Russian School N. Y. City PtOsi^nt of Chicago A^n of Dancing Mastws Past Fhre Yean.
To Experienced Dancers NEW ADVANCED CLASS Wednesday, April 24Hi
THE ALLEN SCHOOL 0(F DANCING INDIANA’S LARGEST DANCING SCPOOL 6th and f^erry Sts. Phone 2150
iBy AobOrt J. OecUrd
POT POtRRl NUMBER ’TWELVE Personal fiomination for most poWetful-draWing bro1!hei“-aet card in baseball—^the Waner boys of the
Pittsburgh Pirates.
For 14 years Lloyd and Paul Waner have continued unrivaled in durability in mhjor league baseball, and are still going strong . .. Paul broke in at the start of the 1926 pennant race and Lloyd came along to join him one year later . . . No other pair of brothers have ever carried along for that length of time in the history of baseball.
-ffe—
Second place goes to the Dean brothers, ihzzy and Daffy, yet these two slabmeh have never worked together as both were pitchers . . . Then Wes and Luke Ferrel, pitcher and catcher, respectively, who were in the same harness oifly fdnr and one half years at Bostofl and Wash-
ington. —fc—
The closest approach to the Waner brothers’ record is that made by Joe and Luke Sewell, shortstop and catcher, Who Irat in ah evefi 10 years on the Cleveland payroll Drom 1921 to 1930 before Joe went to the New York Yankees.
—^fc—
En route to the 1940 Texas Relays, one of the automohiles carrying part of the Lidiana tra^k team ran out of gas 1 . . Roy Cochran, sterling Crimson hurdler and dash artist, was missing when the party uas ready to move on ... A few minutes later, he was found more than a mile down the road “chinmusicing” with a farm hand and shooting turtles with the workm‘’s gun, while hanging on a bridge rail.
—fc—
This department likes the way Henry M’Lemore, United Press staff correspondent, sizes up the “great” Dizzy Dean5^^whb recently stepped right into a ^uabble with Chicago Cub Manager Gabby Hartnett. “If I were a collector of antiques I’d get a bid in quick for Dizzy Dean,” the expert sports commentator .writes. “B^ere is a genuine Sheraton silly and’a dhipifenddle eraciepot if there ever whs dlie. Nqt to mention an authentic Jacobean jackass and a Louis Quinze loon .... ”
Come On Purdue
— I
Follow
The Boilermakers
Peter Anderson Garage
525 Alabama 24 Hour Service
Phone 4048 After You Wo Como Firsti* "J?
^ * i’- /I
Vj i ^
k
w
’ J I <^ / ^ ^ i * '■‘iS*''-,' M'
PUBDUiE EXPONENT
i ^
'But: s* Inddentally— By Vladimir We've used this line before, and we’ll piobably use it again, but right now we say, with a dripping nose, “In the sprig a youg bad’s fadsy lidely durds do thougds of lub.” ^ But thei'e are some consolations to snow in April. With the ground all white, and the April sun shining bnght, we are both proud and happy to announce that the proper authorities have hung an I. E. S. tag on Fiiday last for its remarkable illumination. Anyone new on the campus might have misinterpieted the squinting and assumed that this was a Chinese university. Personally, we were snow blind for two days. Why, we even stopped to stare at four co-eds. ^ Si* ^ But reallyj the co-eds here are fine. They are the best w’^e’ve seen except for our girl. (And this is the first place in the column that the plural pronoun really fits.) Our girl is different. Take for instance when we import her for a dance. She is probably the only import in the bunch that gets kissed goodbye in heh town and hello when she arrives here. She’s efficient, our gal is. * * * And speaking of girls, we’d like to change the subject. Pave you ever heard of the “average guy?” Yeah, so have we, and we’re sick of it. Same old stuff: The average guy lives in a fraternity, the average guy spends so many bucks per month, the average guy sees so many movies per week, the average guy has so many
Purdue Exponent
Bt B. Inal^jr Editor-infClilef W. E. Smitli Biuinesa Manwar D. G. Terrio, editorial director; G. W. Frederick, man* agine editor; E. M. Antonini, Senior advertisiog; mansKer; G. Schillingr.,co-ed editor; R. Jenkins, sports editor. Phones: Editorial 4005; Busineu 5038; Sports 2792 Entered as'second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of ConKress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postaoe provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday dnrins the reindar academic year and weekly during; the Summer SesMon. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Represented for national advertising; by National Advertising; Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave, Kew York, N. T, ) All unaigmed editorials are written by the editorial director.
Night Editor, Purcell Day Editor, Simpson Issue Editor, Clark Sunday, April 14, 1940
dates, etc. ad infinitum. | But the other day we got to wondering. Does the average guy marry the average girl? And if he does, do they have average children ? If he does and they do, then are there more and more ,.. average people ? Then pretty soon all the average people will lord it over guys like you and me. And things will become more and more just average things. And we’ll all be governed by the Law of Averages. . * * ^ Oh, please, Mr. Master-of-Fate, spare us this. Let us live,in the world we know today. Studying in the world’s best colleges. Residing in the choicest countrsi. Loving the sweetest girls in the land. „ Writing average columns.
Agronomy Club Will See Soil Movie Wednesday “The Soil,” a film dealing with new applications of • fertilizers to agriculture, will be shown at 7:30 p. m. on Wednesday, April 17, in the reception room of the Union. It is presented under the auspices of the Agronomy Club and tht-ough the courtesy of Dr. G. N. Hoffer of the American Potash Institute. Waldo Kidder, agronomist of the American Agricultural Chemical Co., Detroit, Mich., will present the film while John T. Flanagan will act as chairman.
Alpha Zeta Offers Medals As Prizes Second dnnual speech contest sponsored by Alpha Zeta, agricultural honorary, ai(d its forensic board will be held Tuesday at 7:30 p.m. in the west faculty lounge of the Union. All agricultural students are eligible to participate in this contest. The evening decision will be made by faculty judges and medals of gold, silver, and bronze will be given to the three winners. Don Paarlberg is in charge of arrangements for the contest.
Civil Engineers Will See^ Wilcoxon Aerial Movies R. F. Wilcoxon, section chief of the U. S. Geological Survey, will show a ^sound movie at the meeting of the American Society of Civil Engineers in room 202, Heavilon Hall tomorrow at 4 p.m. “Operation of the Multiplex Mapping Machine,” is the title of the picture which deals with the transformation of aerial photographs into topographical maps. TVA and the Geological Surveyare using this method as a means of accurgte mapping.
A Week Of War (Continued from, page 1)
by the opposition. Although, what has been referred to as “the second Battle of Jutland,” has been in progress since Tuesday in the Skagerrak, losses have not been officially made known. During the first two days of fighting the Allied forces seemed very successful in preventing German ttoops and supply ships from reaching Norwegian ports. • The Latter Part ... of the week has not seemed so successful for Allied^ nations. German reports that they have landed additional troops on Norwegian soil seem probable. Germany admits the loss of two of her largest destroyers and the battle cruiser Gneisenau. The British admit the loss of four destroyers and one large warship. In the air, casualty reports have conflicted daily. ) • For The Third Time . . . this month German bombers raided the British Scapa Flow, claiming severe damage to a heavy warship and one battleship. The British admitted the raid had been made, but denied damage to vessels. DNB, official German news agency, termed the raid “successful.” • The Low Countries . . . Holland and Belgium reaffirmed their decision to forestall any surprise that might embroil them in the European conflagration by strengthening their border defenses. On the German side of the Dutch border, German military engineers placed anti-tank barriers across roads. On the Belgium border wooded areas were cleared for lines of fire. The Netherlands canceled prac-., tically all mriitary leaves, and ordered the population to burn lights throughout the night, to distinguish the country from her “blackedout” neighbors. • Rumanian Officials . . . detained a fleet of British barges, loaded with dynamite, following German charges that the cargo was to be used to damage certain sections of the Danube river
GRIN AND BJEAR IT
Sunday^ April 14, 1940 ^
By Udity
‘Tell your mother not to wait dinner—I’ll be tied up with a buyer from Newark!”
system, stopping German commerce With the Balkans. Official British^ sources admitted that the barges were carrying dyn&mite, but said it was to be used to destroy Allied river craft if the Balkans were invaded by Germany. • Freight Loadings ... to Germany were stopped by Rumania Friday night. It was also learned Friday that oil shipments by barges on the Danube to Germany had been stopped for several days. The freight car loadings were stopped following the presentation by Germany of a list of commodities that the Reich would no longer ship to Rumania. Rumanian officials stated that the oil shipments were halted because of high water on the Danube, but German trade quarters believed this “reason” a “pretext.”
Roy Hirshburg To Discuss Lighting For Camera Fans Roy Hirshburg, noted photographer of celebrities, will speak at an open meeting of the Camera club Wednesday at 7:30 p.m. in the north ballroom of the Union. The meeting will be open to all interested in hearing and seeing his demonstrations. The speaker will bring his own equipment and models to give a demonstration of studio lighting. The lecture will be of special importance to the Camera Club mem- [ bers who are participating in the Gala Week exhibit from May 1 through May 6.
TO PATRONS OF THE LAFAYETTE TRANSIT CO., INC. Coach stop at State and Vine Stsr West Lafayette, has heen discontinued. Stop for the West hound coaches will he at the alley west of Vine Street and for the East bound coaches on east side of Pierce Street. Effective, Monday, April 15 LAFAYEHE TRANSIT CO.. Inc.
FORMAL WEAR I CLEANED ' I With the Prom and Fraternity formats coming, you want to be sure to have your format wear cteaned and pressed. Every job is inspected for perfection before it, teaves our estabtishment.
Catt or Come Over
Northwestern at Vine
Phone 4081
e teautiful fir PROM
Fashion discrees individuality for Chic. Let Loeb's style your hair to suit your own individual personality. Be at your glamorous best, season's most scfentillating socree.
ij SsiOldif. SalofL
Second Floor
Phone 7901
Ai
ft