Purdue
Z*18B
Exponent
LcrfoyettOf htdionct^
SUNDAY
May 28, 1939
VoLSO
No. 194
News ,2i Week • 26 Dead In U.S.S. Squalus Disaster • Republica Steel Sues CIO • Roosevelt Calls Critics Radicals • Russians Stand Pat On Demands
NATIONAL
Twenty-Six Men ...
. . . lost their lives when the U.S.S. Squalus floundered in 240 feet of water off Portsmouth, N. H., Tuesday. Thirty-three men were rescued with the aid of a diving bell which was low-
ered from the rescue ship Falcon.
Failure of an air-intake valve during a dive was believed to have caused the disaster. A general navy court of inquiry will convene to determine the exact cause of thq' disaster.
Capt. W. F. Amsden, captain of the navy yard, said, “Despite statements in certain papers, there is no evidence at this time substantiating any rumor of carelessness or
sabotage.”
Riveters Lose Season Finale 3-2
Trans-Atlantic ... ... air service was established when the Yankee Clipper landed in Lisbon, Portugal, last Saturday after completing its first commercial flight in 20 hours and 14 minutes. The Clipper took off Friday and was expected in New York early this morning. The Clipper carried two thousand 483 pounds of mail on the eastward trip. Atlantic Clipper, sister ship of the Yankee, took off from New York yesterday on the second mail flight of the trans-Atlantic mail service. Draft-Dodger ... . . . Bergdoll, voluntarily ended his 20 year exile when he landed in New York Thursday to serve his five year prison sentence for evading the draft during the war. “I was homesick,” he said, “My wife wants to live here and I want to bring up my children in America.” Dr. Charles H. Mayo .. . . . , famous surgeon of Rochester, Minn., died Friday afternoon in Chicago. The 73 year old physician contracted pneumonia a week ago. He once said, “My great ambition is to relieve all the physical suffering possible during my life.” Mayo was a pioneer in nerve surgery and is recognized as the originator of modern goiter surgery. No finer memorial could be raised to him than already exists in the great Mayo clinic in Rochester. Fritz Kuhn ... . . . “Fuehrer” of the GermanAmerican Bund, pleaded not guilty to charges of forgery and larceny of 15 thousand dollars of Bund funds in a New York court Friday afternoon.
BUSINESS
A Seven Million ... . . . 500 thousand dollar suit was filed against the Congress of Industrial Organizations by the Republic Steel Corporation the middle of last week charging the CIO and their \President, John L. Lewis, with entering in conspiracy in restraint of trade and forcing various plants, especially in Cleveland,
O., to close.
On April 3 a federal grand jury awarded the Apex Hosiery Mill at Philadelphia, Pa., a $711,932 judgment against CIO’s American Federation of Hosiery Workers. St. Joseph County .. . , . . presented a new plan to the State Board of Accounts last week whereby the trustee of each township would pay a sum of $6.76 monthly for each person removed from the poor relief rolls of the WPA in their township. The plan was presented in a declaratory judgment suit merely to determine the legality of the plan. This plan has been m effect in St. Joseph County for the last year. Although only two of the trustees have c6n- * formed with the plan, it is believed that it will work. A Busine^ Rece^^ion ... ... in Indiana during the month of (Continued on page 2)
Co-ed Scholastic Society Initiates 21 In Union Today Alpha Lambda Delta, national
scholastic honorary for freshmen co-eds, will hold initiation in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union at 8:30 this morning. Following initiation, there will be an election of officers for the coming year. Joyce Burnham has been president of the organization during the past year. Breakfast in the Chestnut room will be served immediately after the initiation and
election.
Bright Girls The twenty-one pledges to be initiated are: Gertrude Arnold, Opal Blagrove, Janet Bourne, Cornelia Caldwell, Mary Ann Carpenter, Alice Ruth Ceilings, Peggy Davis, Patricia Flint, Marybelle Halstead, Mary Ermie Irwin, Florence Justin, Barbara Lommen, Agnes McCulloch, Betty Morris, Edna Nottingham, Virginia Sommer, Bonnie Swope, Enid Thomas, Eleanor Vansickle, Betty Wilkinson, and Mary Ellen Wirt. Find No Trace Of Missing Student A check with the local authorities and the State police reveals that no traces have been found of_^W. E. Prescott, Eng ’42, who disappeared from his room in Cary Hall North on the night of May 17. West Lafayette police have examined his room and talked with students who were acquainted with him, but there seems to be no clues concerning his whereabouts. There was a rumor that he was seen on Grant street last Sunday evening, but investigation proved it to be untrue. It is believed that he is probably hiding in this vicinity or has met with an accident.
Players Choose Maciciewicz, Hearne^ 1940 Co-Captains By Joe Dolan Coach Dutch Fehring’s diamondmen bent on weaving a respectable place for themselves on the Big Ten flag, failed to thread enough hits through some tough material that Michigan brought in yesterday on the Ross-Ade recreation field, and the contest broke up with the Wolverine juggernaut giving the Boilermakers another hit weaving lesson, this time by the count of 3-2.
Felix Mackiewicz
Bulletin Condition of the students injured in the automobile accident Wednesday night is very much improved according to word received from Dr. McKinney, attending physician, last night. All are reported out of danger. Word was received from Coroner l'. C. Smith last night to the effect that an inquest into the cause of the accident has been under way since Thursday and will be continued Monday. 12 More Students Pass Pilot's Tests On Friday, 12 students taking flight training under the program sponsored by the Civil Aeronautics Authority qualified for their private pilot’s license at the airport. With the addition of the dozen new licensees, a total of 36 out of the 50 original students assigned to the University pilot training project have satisfactorily completed the course. Seven more students have passed their written examination and solo flight check and are expected to take their dual flight check with the CAA inspectors next week. High Flyers The latest students to win their “wings” are: Earle J. Aber, Racine, Wis.; H. I. Taylor, Chicago, 111.; Herbert S. Pall, Indianapolis; W. B. Miller, Dayton, 0.; J. T. Haller, Orange, N. J.; R. H. Williams, Kendallville; G. W. Brewer, Beverly, Mass.; E. W. Errickson, Princeton, N. J.; L. H. Stephen, Redkey; Gilbert DeVore, Chicago, 111.; T. 0. Marshall, Culver; and S. G. Best, Berwyn, 111. Tests were conducted by CAA inspectors Daniel Moulton, of Indianapolis, and James Haworth, Jr., of Detroit, Mich.
The visitors drew first blood when' in the initial inning Trosko walked and went to second on Peckinpaugh’s line single to right. Gedeon, Michigan’s clean-up man who divides his spring attention between track and baseball, then drove a nice single to left, scoring Trosko. In the third stanza, Peckinpaugh and Gedeon collaborated to give the Michigan lads another marker. Peckinpaugh led off with a terrific hit that sailed clear of Vernon’s flying glove for three bases. The heavy hitting Gedeon then dug an irrigation ditch through the Boilermaker infield with a hard hit single, scoring Peckinpaugh from third. Riveters Score Purdue managed to duplicate Michigan’s third inning when Emmert le(|, off by working Barry for a free pkss to first. Dickinson sent Emmert to second with a line drive single to left. Dickinson and Emmert then put on a hesitated double steal that ended up with the two Boilermakers safe on second and third and the Michigan infielders starting to cover the plate. Mackiewicz’s big bludgeon then hoisted a high fly to center, Emmert scoring easily after the catch. Vernon took a third strike to end the inning. The Boilermakers knotted the count in the fifth frame when Bredewater singled, took second on Emmert’s sacrifice, and reached third while Tom Dickinson’s single was traveling to the outfield. Mackiewicz then produced a terrific line drive that buried itself somewhere in Peckinpaugh’s solar plexis until everyone was safe and Bredewater had scored. (Continued on page 4)
Dr. Robinson Will Speak At Memorial Day Ceremonies Dr. J. W. Robinson, of the history, economics, and government department, will be the main speaker at the Memorial Day exercises in Fowler Hall, Tuesday morning at 9:30. He will speak on “What Does ‘Ideology’ Signify.” An organ prelude will open the program. Rev. J. B. Gleason, of the West Lafayette Baptist Church, will deliver the invocation. Two musical numbers will precede Dean M. L. Fisher’s necrology of Purdue staff members, alumni, former students, and students who have died during the past year. POMM members will place a wreath on the Memorial tablet which usually stands in the great hall of the Union, but which will be moved to Fowler Hall for the ceremonies. A salute of 21 guns, sounding of taps, singings of “America” by the audience, and benediction by Rev. Gleason will close the program. President Elliott will preside at the ceremonies. Following the exercises in Fowler Hall, the audience will move in a body to the oval for a short ceremony in which a wreath will be laid on John Purdue’s grave. In the morning before the exercises a delegation of the faculty will place lilies on the graves of all persons who have been connected with the University during their lifetime and who are buried in Lafayette cemeteries.
CAA Offers Soaring Training G. S. Meikle, University director of research relations with industry, received the following telegram yesterday. WIRE IMMEDIATELY NUMBER OP STUDENTS INTERESTED IN TWO WEEKS SOARING TRAINING DURING JULY SITES SELECTED ARE BAKER’S FIELD CALIF FRANKFORT MICH ELMIRA NEW YORK ALL EXPENSES EXCEPT TRANSPORTATION SUCCESSFUL COMPLETION OF PRESENT COURSE PREREQUISITE REPLY INDICATING NUMBER INTERESTED AND SITE PREFERENCES. GROVER WEBSTER, CHIEF OP PRIVATE PLYING DIVISION CAA All students who are interested in this offer should call Meikle at 6319 or 2824 his office and home phone, respectively.
There's An Old Saying "Honesty Is The Best Policy"
On the Exponent’s front page March 11, 1937, appeared a two column headline: “Convict Senior Activity Student of Dishonesty.” A similar headline on February 4 of that 5;ear red: “Junior Mechanical Convicted of Cribbing,” Under these titles ran lengthy stories explaining the circumstances in the case, the penalties administered, and the procedure followed in handling the trial. Names, of course, were omitted. Since those 1937 Exponents there have been no news stories on student dishonesty cases—but the trials and convictions have been conducted the same as always and in approximately the same number. 12 Month Record In the past 12 months, 31 students have been convicted of dishonesty of one form pr another. Penalties assigned have varied from disciplinary probation to suspension from the University. Most popular penalty this year was grade of “D” in
the course plus disciplinary probation and addition of three hours of “B” to the graduation requirement. This penalty is imposed ordinarily when a student is found guilty of first offense dishonesty. No second offenders have been indicted this year, but in previous years such a person could just about count on being expelled from the University. Since May of last year the student-faculty committee on Promotion of Student Honesty has taken care of eight cases, while 26 have been handled by heads of schools and the Dean of Men. Martin Is Best Cop Dr. F. D. Martin claims the honor or blame for reporting the greatest number of cases this year, since he gained 22 of the 31 convictions. All these cases came from Dr. Martin’s freshman chemistry classes, where he was alternating between rows of students, daily and test question sheets mimeographed to look exact-
ly alike but actually requiring very different answers. Two of these 22 students were flunked in the course because they would not admit their guilt. Nine were dropped without grade because they would not admit guilt till confronted with conclusive evidence, or else refused to explain their actions. The other — students, who freely admitted their guilt, were merely given grades of zero in the exercise involved. The Committee on Promotion of Student Honesty was not called in on any of these cases. Predominence Of Freshmen Twenty-six of the 31 dishonesty cases were reported in freshman courses, 25 in chemistry and one in biology. Other students convicted included a senior chemical engineer, a graduate student, a sophomore mechanical, a junior public service engineer, and a junior mechanical. The personnel of the Honesty
Wayne Heame
Committee this year consisted of Prof. O. G. Lloyd, chairman. Prof. G. C. Blalock, Prof. G. H. Cutler, Prof. S. Fairman, N. Little, G. O. Arbuckle, C. G. Elliott, J. H. Jacobi, G. W. Matthews, and H. I. Stanback. Penalties in five of the cases this committee judged were grades of “D” plus hours of “B” and disciplinary probation. Grades of “C” plus probation and exti’a hours were assigned in two cases, and in the remaining case only probation was sentenced because of extenuating circumstance. Usual Penalties Study of records for past years and the predictions of committee members show that a first offender is practically assured of a minimum penalty pf a “D” in the course involved. Second offenders stand very little chance of remaining in the University. Complete records of all reported dishonesty cases are kept on file in the office of the Dean of Men.
Women's Honorary Will Initiate Today Initiation of Mortar Board pledges, senior women’s honorary, will be'held this morning at 8:00 o’clock at the home of Miss Elizabeth Mitchell, professor in the physics department. New members of the organization being initiated are: Treva Berry, Catherine Cooley, Althea Jorgeson, Martha Moorhead, Margaret Saurer, Louise Schickler, Georgann Schilling, Ann Sickman, and Betty Wickard. Election of officers for next year will be held following the initiation breakfast. The out-going president is Martha Wood. Dean Dorothy C. Stratton, Professor Laura Partch, Miss Helen B. Schleman, and Miss Elizabeth Mitchell, faculty advisors, and all alumnae members able to attend are invited to the meeting. Flying Club Elects Officers For '39-40 Election of officers and presentation of trophies were the main topics of the evening at the Flying Club meeting Thursday evening. Richard N. Kimball was elected president for the fall semester, and Lawrence M. Rothrock was elected vice-president. Lois Hollingworth was re-elected secretary. C. A. Rising will retain his position as treasurer as he was elected for a full year last march. Trophies were awarded to winners in the air meet held May 14. First place in the 1,000 foot spot landing contest was won by O. A. Grab. H. Hammond earned first in the 600 foot spot landing, while first place in bomb dropping wa& taken by C. C. Hyde. O. A. Grab was the grand winner as he had the greatest accumulation of points in the above three events.
Congratulations ... to Dean and Mrs. M. L. Fisher who celebrated their 46th wedding anniversary at their home yesterday. A reception was held from three till five. The occasion was also the fifth wedding anniversary of Mr. and Mrs. Edgar D. Harder of Detroit, Mich. Mrs. Harder is the former Barbara Fisher, and both Mr. and Mi*s. Harder are Purdue ^ Graduates. They were present at the celebration. Pedalion... . . . announces election of the following officers: Jean Shake, Elkhart, president; Patty Wolcott, Rolling Pi'airie, vice-president; Marian Johnson, Orleans, secretary; Marie Spicher, Downers Grove, III., treasurer; Carolyn Ashbaugh, Pontiac, Mich., rush chairman; Mary Jean Sefton, Indianapolis, social chairman; Mary Ermie Irwin, Tipton, acticities and scholastic chairman.Pl'pi:,
I
I
£dibfdedL
THE PUBDDE EXPONENT
J^UXJtWlOA,
Sunday, May 28, 1939
Yesterday's...
... “Voice of the Campus’’ letter questioning the selection of this year’s Mortar Board pledges seems to have caused much comment in activity circles. The angry ed who wrote this condemning letter was apparently not fully informed of the basic qualifications considered in choosing Mortar Board pledges. A high scholastic index, which he emphasized in his letter, is one prequisite for election to Mortar Board. However, participation in ex-tra-curricular activities and leadership in a specific activity are two other essential qualifications needed for membership in this honorary organization. A careful glance over the list of this year’s pledges will show that each of the nine girls selected have been leaders in a specific activity on which they have spent much time and effort during their three years at Purdue. As well as maintaining a scholastic index high eno^igh to satisfy Mortar Board qualifications, these girls have been leaders in WSGA, YWCA, Union, Debris, Exponent, or other major activities. By the success they have attained in their activities, these nine girls have proved their own ability and made themselves worthy of classification in the ranks of outstanding girls on our campus. Any campus election which concerns as important an issue as membership in Mortar Board is sure to result in some unfavorable criticism. There are always opinions expressed about the unfairness of decisions or the presence of politics in an election. Usually these criticisms are based on personal opinion as was yesterday’s letter, and lack sufficient supporting reasons. Readers of yesterday’s letter were not at all sure of the identity of the co-ed about whom the letter was written. This shows that a number of girl^ omitted from the final pledge list were considered
Purdue Exponent Kntered aa leeond elaia matter at the poet olliea ia Lafarette, Indiana, nnder the act ot Conarreaa of Mardi S, 1879, and at the' apeeial rate ot poatage prorlded tor in aeetion 1108, act of October 8, lOlT, anthorlaed JTannary 20. 1028. Publlahed daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delirered lodi^ by carrier for |8.00 per year, mail Bubeeription $8.60.^ Editorial Board R. E. Insley Editor-inrCMef W. E. Smith Businesa Manager D. G. Terrio Editorial Director G. W. Frederick Managing Editor R. Jenkins Sports Editor E. M. Antonini Senior Advertising Manager G. Schilling Co-ed Editor Junior Staff Editorial Business Sports R. F. DeHoog R. Ksher g. d, Marquis R. W. Donahue R Hall m. M. Richards D. K. Heiple A, Hite Co-^ J. H. McKee M. Hagemeyer m. Burtsfleld M. L. Miers T. Petty G. Ca^ll J. C. Willsey G. Cox, Sec. b! Sisson D. J. Henninger, Art Director
Editorial 4005
PHONES Sports 2792
Business 5038
GRIN AND BEAR IT
Byfcldl^
REPRESENTED POR NATIONAL ADVERTISING SY National Advertising Service, Inc. College PubUtbers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICASO ■ BOtTOS ■ Loa AaSILI, - SAB Frabciico This newspaper is written, edited, and pnbUdiad by undergraduate atudonta of Purdua UidTaralty. All opinions in it, unless otherwise acaredlted, are student opinions, and do not necessarily eoinelds with tha official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials ars written by the Editorial Director.
Night Editor—Donahue Issue Editor—Rnffner Sunday, May 28, 1939
potential Mortar Boalrd members in the minds of campus students. We feel certain that the active members of this honorary organization and their faculty advisors are best qualified to select the year’s pledges.—G. S.
(Continued from page 1)
April was reported late this week by the Indiana Business Review. A decline of about two points during April und6r the March report did not completely erase the gain made the preceeding month, however. “It is difficult to determine just how much of the weakness of this month should be attributed to foreig^i unsettlement, how much to domestic trouble, and how much to unseasonable cold weather,” the Review set out. FOREIGN Russia Has Not Agreed . . . ... to any mutual assistance pact suggested by either Great Britain or France although both countries have been working on a mutually agreeable plan for almost two months. Soviet ambassador to London, Maisky, is standing pat on his three point demand,, The plan desired by Maisky is as follows, according to present British opinion: 1. That the three powers come to each other’s aid automatically if any one of the three is attacked. 2. That any of the powers signing the pact may receive military assistance upon demand from the other two countries, 3. That if any of the countries consider an act of aggression against a state, the act shall be made only after a three way consultation to determine mutual policies. British Foreign Policy • • • was further obscured when Sir John Simon, chancellor of the exchequer, indicated in the house of commons that Great Britain was going to recognize Reichsfuehrer Hitler’s seizure of Czecho Slovakia despite negotiations with Russia designed to halt future Nazi aggi’ession. King George ... ... and British officials are sounding out Roosevelt’s stand on officially returning royalties’ visit to the United States. A return visit by the American President is believed to be necessary to carry conviction with the continental powers, that an alliance exists between England and the United States, The invitation will probably be extended in a speech at the White House banquet on June 8. Post-War Spain ... ... is working towards its first peacetime harvest in four yeap. The nation seems to be well on its way back to normal, according to a Tribune reporter who made a 2,500 mile tour of Spain. ^
Except in the alctual fighting zones, the crops are in surprisingly good condition. One of the chief aims of the Nationalist government is to develop agriculture as far as possible to balance the exports against imports. Wheat, barley, rice, olives, and wines are Spain’s principal products. Princess Irene ... ... of Greece and the Italian duke of Spoleto announced their engagement yesterday. The duke is the commander of the Italian Red Sea fleet and is a cousin of King Victor Emanuel III of Italy. No political importance was attached to the engagement which followed an old romance. Japanese Officials . . . . . , warned that all foreign vessels entering waters in the vicinity of the China coast would be halted and searched by Japanese warships. Two ships, one British and one French, were stopped in the past three days. The American liner. President Coolidge, now enroute to Hongkong, will enter the search zone today, but Japanese spokesmen declined to say whether it was planned to board her. Reason given by Japan for this measure was the suspicion that the Chinese had been using foreign ships for military purposes.
ADOIPHI ^ 4ACX JACK MENJOU • OAKIE * HALEY
—ALSO^ SHORT SUBJECTS
By Mistake... . . . the name of Bob Hamilton was unintentionally omitted from yesterday’s story on the Student Book Exchange. Hamilton is in charge of selling for the board of control of the exchange.
We want, we need, we plead for contribs. A complaint has reached us that material which has been turned in has not been printed. If said complainer will drop around at the office, he may take up the reins as editor, of this column immediately, —B & B— Easy come, easy go. PETE WALLACE has refunded her DU pin to BOB STRIEBY. Remember, the pin went out on a second date about two weeks ago. —B & B— Rumor has it that BILL HOWARD has been selected to escort a cute West Side-senior to the Pi Phi dance. He received the bid from BARBARA LUPTON, who is preying heavily on his mind, or should I have said, heart. Ah, love, where is thy sting? —B & B— Another lucky guy, JOHN THOMPSON, was invited to the Phi Mu dance by MARGIE PIERCE. He is a minister’s son, and Margie likes them that way. —B & B— This warm weather seems to be taking quite an effect on STAN THURSBY and TED HENNIS. They just loll around on the couches in front of the Sweet Shop and watch the pretty girls go by. —B & B— Believe it or not—the Phi Psis are taking a poll as to whether or not brother MEISSNER should put out his pin. On the NO side of the ballot appears the name of MARGE BLOCKER, none other than the Pi Phi in concern.
DRAMA THAT WILL HAUNT YOU FOREVER! In the Infinite Scope of Human Emotions There Occurs Only Once, Drama So Magnificent with Loves Unendurable Esctasies . . . So Crimson with Hates Volcanic Fury!
SAMUEL GOLDWYN pr,..
WuTHERiNG Heights
(The Strangest Love Story Ever Told from Emily Bronte's Powerful Novel co-starring Merle Oberon, Laurence Oliver, David Niven.)
starts TODAY
WASHINGTON President Roosevelt . . . . . . told members of the American Retail Forum Tuesday that' critics of the administration’s economic (Continued on page 4)
-nteari
*
F-t-b
‘Why, Margie! I hardly recognized you—you’re doing your mouth up different, aren’t you ?”
After four years JANE FLAGG, Alpha Chi, is given the opportunity to wear a pin (SAE at that) and what happens—she grabs at it without even looking at the sucker at the other end. Congratulations, JANE. —B & B— HERE IS . . . . . . what the student thinks when he looks for the first tiipe at final exam questions: ROGER DeLONG (senior): I
should have stayed home last night. JAMES MALONEY (junior): Darn it, I studied the wrong stuff. HARVEY WILMETH (soph): Am I in the right class ? GEORGE DANNER (frosh): Oh-0-0-0, my goodness! —B & B— JEAN CARREL had “Tears from My Ink-Well” dedicated to DAVE BRUBECK, Figi shot, at the Pi Phi dance last Friday. Can we take this literally ?
LUMA Double Feature n XT Songs TODAY ■ is the yeare Hit Picture!
srimf. BlfftSl
me/ratlt i«i
SAFER ON THE “IN$IDI"..THAN WITH WOMEN ON THE "OUTSIDE"I
MICHAEL WHALEN DOLORES COSTELLO VIRGINIA WEBDLER
It's A First Run Feature
H pAXtMum 8 TERRIFIC SONG HITS!
A MIUION UUGHS! ...AND STARS! ^ STARS! STARS! n
tlAlll
AIR CONDITIONED
Starts TODAY TWO FIRST RUN HITS
GRAB THAT “DATE-GETTERS' SCOOP-Riishee Racketl Siuling soiority po!ilia>l Men and money make youi ratingl.. Fro haarlbreak l heaveni . . Fun! DIFFERENTI.
jmE SKEY * IJIMES EUSON B^ARA READ • ADBLB PEARCE . J. lAllliRiqAI
PLUS
'Teen age gangsters ... hard as nails and twicer as tough!
eltV"*
WITH MARTIN SPELLMAN |uv«nll« sensation MARJORIE REYNOLDS DICK PURCELL -—Also—> NEWSl',\ V-;,' * :
f-. S
Sunday, May 28, 1939
THE FUBDUE
EXPONENT
Six Seniors End Diamond Careers/ Dickinson Selected Most Valuable
Sammy Lyboult
Gapt. Jimmy Thompson
Arnold Bredewater
Arthur Bredewater
Gutting Sets New State Record In High Hurdles With Steve Gutting, ace Boilermaker hurdler, providing a state record for the high hurdles, the Purdue track team took third place in the Indiana State College and University track and field meet held yesterday at Notre Dame University. Indiana’s crack team had a two-way fight with Notre Dame’s Irish, but the Hoosiers finally won the get together with 59 points; Notre Dame collected 52.5 and Purdue 29 digits.
Gutting’s time was 14.3 for the 120 yard high hurdles for a new state record. The old record was held by the great Dan Caldemeyer, of Indiana, with the time of 14.4. . Gutting also took a third in the low sticks. A surprise of the meet for the Boilermakers was the performance of Fred Vollmer, who gave the javelin a toss of 167 feet to take second in that event. This heave was Vollmer’s longest effort during the ’39 season. Ed Holderman, running in the toughest mile competition in the country in Rice, Southworth, and Trutt, managed to take a third. The consistent Greg Rice, of Notre Dame, won the mile with a 4.16:9 time. Menke placed fourth in the high jump, and Red Shackleton pushed Cochran, of Indiana, hard in the 440 before taking a second place in the event. Cochran’s winning time was 49.1. In the two mile grind. Bud Clevett placed third. The long distance ace. Rice of Notre Dame, also won this race, his time being 9.25:6. Danzer took fourth in the broad jump, and Hibbs cleared enough bar in the pole vault to take second. Art Edwards, Hibb’s vaulting mate, captured fourth place in the pole vault. Purdue’s ace mile relay team, consisting of Simmons, Luther; Fisher, and captain-elect for 1940, Red Shackleton, led all of the relay entries to the tape in the four-man event. In winning the mile relay, the Boilermaker relay team set a new Purdue mile relay team record with the time of 3:20.6. Weter’s fourth in the shot put completed the Purdue scoring for the meet.
Iowa City, Iowa.—(Special)—In a tight pitcher’s duel here today, Notre Dame’s fighting Irish baseball squad defeated Iowa 1-0 to break the Iowa streak of victories at 11 straight. Rex Ellis pitched a one-hitter for the team from South Bend in this non-Big Ten encounter. Iowa still leads the Big Ten race.
Frosh And Varsity To Play Baseball Game Tomorrow Providing a preview of Purdue’s ’40 baseball prospects ,the Boilermaker yearlings under the direction of freshman coach “Pop” Doan, -will meet the sophomore and junior members of the current varsity nine in a regulation game starting at 4 o’clock on Monday afternoon, it was announced yesterday by Coach “Dutch” Fehring. The freshmen have given the complete varsity some real practice game battles during the spring and are expected to provide the Sopho-more-Junior combination with plenty of opposition. Doan’s Lineup According to freshman coach “Pop” Doan, Brown, Mitchell, and Menke will patrol the outfield for the yearlings, McFerren, Rawles, Cooper, Keene will be in the infield. The battery for the first year men will be Kearns catching with Blanken pitching. Dutch Fehring, varsity coach, is still undecided on the choice of pitchers and it is possible that Bailey, Wargo, Emmert, Warner, Ruppert, or Navto may take the mound for the upperclassmen, with Fisher behind the plate. The infield for the varsity will be composed of Mackiewicz, Hearne, Smithson, and Igney; Vernon, Yeager, and Stamm will handle the outfield, according to Dutch’s present plans. Butter Makers Confer Approximately 40 manufacturers attended the second of two regional conferences^ on plant operation for Indiana butter manufacturers sponsored at the University last Friday, by the dairy department. An equal number were present at a similar school held recently by University staff members. The two groups represent about 90 per cent of the dairy products manufacturers of the state.
Fielder’s Choice
It happened again ... students were decidedly disappointed at seeing the Boilermakers drop their fifth game of the Big Ten season yesterday ... it did look like Dutch Fehring had a winner. Umpires were wrong . . . Fehring was wrong . .. the players were wrong . . . even the scorekeepers were wrong .. . that’s what the fans felt at various times during a season which seemed below the capabilities of the squad. fc— We are willing to turn our backs on the wailers, however. We agreed with the umpires pretty consistently . . , Dutch did all right ... the players weren’t |;p blame so much . . . and we kept score for nearly all the games ourselves, so the scorers were surely satisfactory to us. Only one impression remains . . . that the team was decidedly over-rated. To begin with, Dutch had only one dependable pitcher . . . sophomore Bob. Bailey . . . one isn’t enough for any team . . . others showed streaks of talent at times, but still only one was sure . . . and weak hitting ruined half of his games. —^fc— After a slow start, the catchers, pretty good receivers but weak hitters, came through with a few timely blows ... Smithson, Hearne, and Thompson are not hitters . . . they averaged .207, .232, and .213, respectively . . . it was part of that lack of punch which lost four games by one run and another by two. ^ — In the outfield the right side was terribly weak at the plate. An average hitter there might have made the one run difference. That still wasn’t all.,. fielding, while generally good, was frequently the cause of opponent runs and frequently put Boilermaker moundsmen on the spot. —^fc— Look those defects over and you should agree that the team got off well as it was, finishing 50-50 with a .237 batting average. The umpires . . . they don’t miss a tenth of the plays which caused long arguments ... they also were generally good. —fc— There was nothing wrong with the use of pinch hitters . . . many factors enter into the choice of a batter who is sent up to hit in a clutch ... maybe the right man has a sore arm ... maybe he has been having a few bad days . . . maybe the coach gets a big hunch . . . and nobody in the world can blame a man who plays on a hunch . . . some of the greatest true stories of sports, particularly baseball, have resulted from hunches . . . although only a small percentage of the hunches are good hunches. <—^fc— Next year . . . you’ve heard that before . . . all but six men will be back . . . the Bredewaters, Dean, Lyboult, Dickinson, and Jimmy Thompson ... Fisher and Bailey will hold up the team again . . . Dean and Lyboult were not full time players ... Thompson was an excellent fielder but no hitter . . . Dickinson will be the one man who will be a big loss. May we leave these last words for you to think about until that next season . . . Dutch did a fine job ... we had the best team we have had in years ... it was a decided credit to the University ... to say that the hitting was weak in the Big Ten is not to condemn ... every year there are great pitchers in the conference, and breaks such as the Boilermakers got when the Illini fielded so marvelously make a big difference in results which must occur rapidly because of the short college season. I —^fc— The 1939 Purdue baseball season has been a success . . . last of^all, we say that next season will be even better ... to Dutch and the team we say good luck ... to those who followed the team this year we say . . . remember, we told you so.
Minneapolis, Minn. — (Special)— Pounding out an 8-4 victory over Ohio State today, Minnesota’s battling Gophers advanced into fourth place in the Big Ten standings. Stubby Knox was the victorious hurler for the winners. Evanston, 111.—(Special) — Bill Syring, Northwestern pitching ace.
hurled a no-hitter against Chicago today to defeat the Maroons, 10-0. Nick Contas, Wildcat slugder, clinched the game for Syring in the seventh inning, when he pounded out a home run with the bases loaded. Northwestern was thereby assured of fourth place in the Big Ten standings while Chicago went do^ym to ninth.
Ross Dean
Tom Dickinson
Pictures above are the six seniors on the baseball team who finished their collegiate careers in the game against Michigan here yesterday. After the game the players selected Tommy Dickinson as most valuable player on the squad.
Most Valuable
The fastest man on the squad and a regular for the past three seasons, center fielder is Tom Dickinson, who provided more than his share of crowd thrills with his circus catches. Toni will appear with the Lafayette Red Sox this afternoon in an Indi-ana-Ohio league contest at Lafayette’s Columbian Park. Tom has been the most consistent performer on the squad this year with but few pitchers proving to be a puzzle to him. He’s hit more home runs and triples 'than any outfielder ever to perform for the Purdue team.
Because of his steady play, deadly hitting, and “Kentucky Derby” outfielding, his teammates yesterday elected him Purdue’s most valuable baseballer for 1939. Right Fielder One of the steadiest defensive outfielders Purdue has had iii a decade is Ross Dean, who has played right field for the past- three seasons. During'this season, Ross just couldn’t get going at the plate, and as a result he divided his playing time with Eli Yeager. Dean’s junior year with the team was his best. Brother Battery The Bredewater twins, Arnold, the pitcher, and Art, the catcher, the only college twin brother battery in the country, yesterday completed one of the most colorful dual-play-ing careers that any duet of players ever participated in. However, during this season, the brother combination received a severe blow because of a pitching muscle injury suffered by Arnold, which eventually wrecked the Boilermaker’s title hopes. A specialist in Terre Haute, who has partially brought back the arms of such men as Dizzy Dean and Schoolboy Rowe, didn’t provide much of a solution for the injury; nevertheless, this didn’t keep Arnold off the mound. The twins ended their career in customary fashion, Arnold pitching to Arthur. Captain Jimmy Thompson, as sweet an infielder as any coach would w-ant, tossed his last peg for Purdue* in the eighth inning yesterday. Jimmy has captained this season’s club, and no one person is more disappointed by Purdue’s lost title hopes than this athlete. Thompson is one of these infielders that makes the hard ones appear easy. Despite his batting average of .233, “Tommy” was an inspiring leader w:hose place is going to be difficult to fill, because a fielder with the showmanship of Thompson makes the fans persnickety.
Net Squad Defeats Indiana State, 6-0 Ending Season Play Overwhelming Indiana State by a score of six matches to none, Purdue’s tennis squad completed its 1939 spring schedule Friday at Terre Haute. In a previous match at the Fieldhouse here, Indiana State defeated the Riveters 3-1, but Coach LaBree’s men turned the tables to end their season successfully, winning 7 matches and los-
ing 6.
Opening the hostilities, Capt. Fuente defeated Churchill of the Sta,te squad in three sets, 6-2, 3-6, 8-6. Alexander also required three sets to down his opponent, Kigin, in the second singles match, 4-6, 6-2, 6-4. Jim Hebbeler, Boilermaker netman, overcame his adversary. Leek, Indiana State squad member, in two sets, 7-6, 6-1. Mann, of the Riveters, defeated Dunwig by a score of 6-1, 7-5. In the final singles match of the afternoon, Jackson blanked Schwab 6-0, 6-0. Jackson and Hebbeler, in the only doubles match of the contest, took Leek and Dunwig, of the defending team, 6-3, 6-2. The second doubles watch of the day was called ofi due to lack of time. BASEBALL STANDINGS W L Pet Iowa 7 2 .778 Indiana 7 3 .700 Michigan 8 4 .667 Northwestern .....7 5 .583 Minnesota 7 5 .583 Purdue 5 5 .500 Wisconsin 5 5 .500 Illinois ..4 5 .444 Ohio State 2 10 .167 Chicago ......2 10 .167
Infielder and Outfielder Sammy Lyboult, who stands at the plate like a “banjo” hitter, has just completed three years of capable reserve and first string duty on the diamond varsity. During the southern trip this spring Lyboult was one of the reasons why the Boilermakers were able to win so many of their games against southern opponents. Sam has played both the infield and the outfield this season. Besides winning letters in baseball, he has received three major letters in basketball.
(bmji. ScufA.: 60% for second hand books traded in for anything in the store. Purdue crested jewelry, your choice of hundreds of tennis rackets, all makes of tennis balls, golf clubs, golf balls, baseball bats, base balls, Purdue pillow tops, and hundreds of other things that you would like to take home with you.
Beginning May 29 and Ending June 12 For two weeks we will also pay 50% cash for any Purdue college text books that are to be used at Purdue University.
H. G. “Deac
REISNER
BOOKSTORE3bKaL CIbUl,
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
TiotiaiA,
Simday, May 28. 1939
The Week's NEWS
(Continued from page 2)
Signing ... .. . the 773 billion, 49 million dollar naval construction appropriations bill, President Roosevelt started the country on its largest peacetime naval building program. Two , 45 thousand ton battleships, 21 other fighting vessels, and 500 combat planes are scheduled for construction.
Great Britain . .. ... reiterated her willingness to discuss settlement of her 85 billion, 670 million dollar war debt “whenever circumstances are such as to warrant the hope that a satisfactory result might be reached. The note from British Ambassador Sir Ronald Lindsay was identical to the note received last year on the day interest payment was due.
Baseball...
(Continued from page 1)
Purdue (2) Dickinson, cf Dean, rf Mackiewicz, 3b Vernon, If Heame, 2b Thompson, ss. Smithson, lb Lyboult, (9) P. H.. Bredewater, Art, c . Emmert, p ♦Bredewater, p
31
♦Replaced Emmert in seventh.
Music, Puttering Rooms Provide Proof That Art Exists On Engineering Campus
program were “radicals” eager to gamble with the safety of the nation, and announced that he would sanction no abandonment of administration “principles and objectives.” He vigorously defended the administration’s spending-lending policy for the purpose of maintaining consumer purchasing power at a high level. “I do not have to be told that 5 per cent of the WPA projects are of questionable value—■ I know it... I am proud of the fact that 95 per cent of the projects are good,” the President said.
Carrying On ... . . . the un-American activities investigation, Committee Chairman Martin Dies asked Congress to increase by 50 thousand dollars the 100 thousand dollars allotted to the committee to carry on its investigations. “We could investigate subversive activities more thoroughly with the added sum,” said Dies.
By Bob Parks Extra-curricular art activity on the Purdue campus is divided between the Puttering Room—^where facilities are provided free for work by student hobby artists—and the Music Room — whose constantly changing exhibits are for the enjoyment of every student, and for every resident of the community as well. It has been said that “Every man is either an artist or a potential consumer of art.” The two aforementioned art activities are designed to reach every member of both of these groups. In three months there have been 6,000 recorded visitors to the Puttering Room. Until the present time, there has been no means of discerning the' amount of intei-est stimulated by the Music Room exhibits. Some time today, however, a comment box will be placed in the Music Room. It is hoped that all persons will feel free to place suggestions and bits of constructive criticism in this box. Students snould also place in the comment box the names of other exhibits which they would like to see on display. With these suggestions it will be possible to closer approximate the desires of the students, for there is no other way of determining their choices.
David Wins Indiana Infer-CollegiafeGoif Title At Notre Dame
Brown University Awards Fellowship To M. E. Keller
Miss Margaret Ellen Keller, Sci ’31, recently received one of seven fellowships awarded by Brown University, Providence, R. I., for advanced study in psychology for the year 1939-40. The fellowship provides for study at Yale University. After receiving the B.S. degree from Purdue, she obtained her M.S. in psychology from Brown in 1933. Since that time she has been employed as psychologist in the Butler Hospital at Providence, and has also continued special study at Brown.
Breaking the Notre Dame course record with his 36 hole round, John David, captain of Purdue’s links squad, defeated a strong field of Hoosier college golfers yesterday to take first place in the Indiana Intercollegiate tournament with a total score of 139. Tom Sheehan, the Irish topman, garnered second place honors with a round score of 144 for the 36 hole course. David, in his record-breaking attempt, broke the old William J. Burke record set last year in the tournament. He pounded the ball around for a first round of 66 but completed the course with a 73, one more than par. This record-break-ing round followed his new Purdue record set against Chicago several weeks ago. Although complete results are still being tabulated, latest reports disclose that Notre Dame is leading its nearest competitor, Purdue, by a total of 16 strokes in the team competition. In previous dual matches, the Boilermakers have defeated the Irish on the Riveter home grounds. Following this victory, which added to their seven previous consecutive -wins, the linksmen will enter the Big Ten matches to be held at Chicago tomorrow. Again the Riveters are favored on the basis of their season’s play. Coach Allspaw’s men include Capt. John David, Bob Hoffer, Tom Marshall, and Ralph Hill.
Columbia University psychologists have conducted experiments which prove that gum-chewing typists work harder than the nonchewers.
Michigan wasn’t to be denied, however, as they came right back in the sixth to score the winning run on a triple and a long fly ball. Steppon opened the inning with a low liner to right center that was held to a triple only by fleet-footed Dickinson’s one-man track meet with the horsehide. However, Dickinson’s brilliant fielding went for naught, because the next batter, Beebe, hoisted a high fly to Vernon, Steppon scoring after the catch. Peckinpaugh and Gedeon turned in the best performance for the Wolves, Peckinpaugh accepting nine chances with one error (it was a doubtful one) and led the visitors’ attack at the plate. Gedeon’s brilliant performance isn’t appreciated until one is informed that he divides his practice time between the track and diamond. Only last Saturday he won the Big Ten high hurdle championship at the conference meet at Ann Arbor. Tommy Dickinson’s play in center and his ability to hit anything the Michigan hurlers chose to toss at his bat made the Lafayette lad the star of the Michigan fracas yesterday. The summaries: Michigan (3) AB R H Pink, cf 5 0 0 Trosko, If 4 1,1 Peckinpaugh, 3b 4 1 3 Gedeon, lb. . .. 4 0 3 Smick, rf 3 0 0 Lisagor, 2b - 3 0 0 Steppon, ss 4 12 Beebe, c 4 0 1 Barry, p 4 0 1
FRATERNITY - SORORnY HOUSE MANAGERS
Summer Prices on Coed Are in Effect NOW
Get Our Estimate First!
North Star Coal Co.
308 Bro'vm Street
Phone 2405
2nd Call for Economy!
WMt Side Office 132 Vine St. Phone 7278 [—NOW for pick-up.
Put Winter Clothes Away CLEAN
If you want to use them again next year. Do it NOW, before the soil injures the fabric! Call American for a Pick-Up, have them cleaned and put in a real cedarized mothproofed bag.
J y Q J Dependable Dry Cleanerb
WBAA
as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St
—MONDAY— 11:00—Morning Melodies. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Agricultural Forum. , 12:15—Sports Review, Dick Shively. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:46—Market Reports. 1:00—^Town Crier. 1:15—Monitor Views the News. 1:30—Story Time, 1:46—Songs, Mary LaPlante Yundt. 2:00—^Magic Carpet, 2:16—Songs, Bette McLean. 2:30—^Foods, Facts, Fancies. 2:46—Melody Time.
WANTED—Summer students, automatic '' ater heater, singrle beds, use of electric refrigerator. $6 per month. 108 Waldron. Phone 41852.
DOST—Eed celluloid model In front of Michael Golden Shops, Friday afternoon. May 26th. Finder please call 2166.
SUMMER STUDENTS—$6 a month, 227 Wood street. Phone 61204.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE—1988 Model A. P. Argus miniature camera and case. Perfect condition. Phone 6991. Heaton.
Exam Study Pointers
Editor’s Note: At the request of President Elliott and Dr. Miller, “Doc’s” study hints for final exams will be printed in the Exponent until final exams are finished.
Notice s
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting Tuesday, May 30, at 7:30 p. m. in room C of the Union. —MACK.
1. The use of stimulating drugs is always a dangerous practice. A large number of students have been using stimulating drugs for the purpose of enabling them: (a) —to study for a longer period of time preparing for final examinations, and (b) —to keep awake during examinations.
Activities Bureau Committee: We are showing a news reel (color) of the scenes of the Iowa campus together with th4 pictures we have taken so far this yeaip at 7 p. m. Monday evening, May 29, in the Activities Bureau Office. It will be both interesting and beneficial to see how and what pictures are taken at another school. —GIPE.
2. Students persisting in the use of such drugs are advised to consult the Student Health Service regarding the correct use of these drugs.
3. Six hours of sleep is the absolute minimum necessary each night. The advantages gained at the expense of normal hours of sleep are only imaginary.
Exponent Staffs: All membem of the editorial, business, and sports staff are invited to a picnic at Freeman Lake Sunday afternoon. May 28. Meet at 2:30 p. m. in the Union. Price is 26c per person payable to either Dan Heiple or Ray Hall. —INSLEY.
4. Students in a highly nervous state of mind or those unable to sleep the required number of hours should consult the Student Health Service at once.
Women's Gym Lockers: Must be emptied and locks turned in by 4:30 p. m. Friday, June 2. —HAZELTON.
6. Light meals and good ventilation of sleeping and study rooms will promote mental as well as physical well-being of student.
6. Eyes are likely to become tired with •long hours of constant study, but they will see more clearly if they have short periods of rest. Students should be sure that they are studying under the correct type of light.
All ME Drawing Students: All drawers in desks in the ME drawing rooms must be emptied by June 10, 1939, in order to allow Inspection and repair during summer. Those who will need to use desks during summer school may obtain permission from Mr. Bolz to use special desks. Locks remaining on drawers will have to be cut. Material remaining in desks after June 10 will be considered as abandoned and can not be guaranteed safe keeping. —AULT.
Ads
MISCELLANEOUS
WANTED—Male student who wishes to work for room for summer school. 416 Main, West Lafayette.
Wesley Foundation: Annual Memorial picnic will be held at Camp Tecumseh the afternoon and evening of Tuesday. May 30. Cost 40 cents. All members and friends are invited. Cars will leave the foundation house at 1 p. m. and 4:30 p. m. —McFADDEN.
TYPEWRITERS—All maxes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low
Sophomore Chemical, Metallurgical Engineering: A vote of the students concerned has indicated that June 9 and 10, 1989, will be more convenient dates for the Sophomore Comprehensive Examination than those
HOUSE MANAGERS WHEN RENEWING HOUSE SUPPLIES THIS SUMMER TRY PHONING 6405
For Economy and Quality in Kitchen and Dinner Ware
GILLESPIE RESTAURANT SUPPLY HOUSE 221^ Columbia Street Lafayette Indiana
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Boektferet
o Profeslional
"DEAC" Everything fer a College Education H. G. REiSNER
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119V4 Vina Waat Lafayatta Phone 4965
o Jeweleri
The Riik Dental Clinic PAUL A. 4h and wSkT**^* ****''*'ILo«a ftOI a Play Golf
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER Thia la all era 4ei, but wa 4b tt oiil. Oppealta Peat OWea Wallace Bteek 321 Pany It
o Printing
SPECIAL SALE OF GOLF CLUBS AND BAGS AT ABOUT HALF PRICE At the Pro Shop at the Driving Range LINEE'S fields Ask for Willtam Philpot, Pro, and get properly fitted with clubs at a great savings.
r\RINTING ■iP^Office SlalloNciY. . Cl 1 Waddins Invltatloni PHONE " Salt: Book., E«c.... 2 62 8 CASSEL'S 408FiERf<V
Alpha Phi Omega: Initiation in rooms B and C of Union at 6 p. m. Sunday, May 28, with banquet following in the faculty lounge. All members who intend to be present please contact McCannon, Yates, or Croxall. (6-28) —CROXALL,
FOUND—^A slide rule was found on the lawn of 1601 Main street in Lafayette. Owner may have it by identifying it at that address.
Flying and Glider Clubs: Combined picnio will be held Monday, May 29, at 7 p. ntEveryone is to bring dates and meet at the east door of the Union, so that transportation may be arranged. Anyone wishing to bring his lunch may do so and the clubs will furnish refreshments.
—KIMBALL. lurevlously arranged. Since there will be no conflicts every student holding a sophomore card in this school must report for these examinations at the times and places indicated. Bring to the examination writing materials and slide rule. The possession or use of any books, tables, papers of any kind during the examination is forbidden. —BBAY.
Final Exam Notice: Check the final examination schedule again to be sure that you have noted the proper time and place of your finals. Failure to understand or misreading the schedule sheet are not sufficient causes to warrant a second examinait^on. Absence from a final exam will necessitate the recording of a failing gtrade in that course. (6-29)/ —M. L. FISHER.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Initiation has been postponed until Sunday, May 28, at 8:80 —BURNHAM.
I
Mortar Board: Initiation of pledges Sunday, May 28, at 7:45 a. m. at Miss Mitchell’s home on Stadium road. —WOOD.
Drawing Plates—6. E. 12: Those who took Engineering Drawing, first semester, may have their drawing plates by calling at the stock room, 8rd floor, Michael Golden Shops, on or before noon Saturday, June 8rd. (6-27) —RISING.
G. E. 11-12—Engineering Drawing: Students desiring to remove “C’s" and “I’s" before the close of the present semester, please make arrangements at room 202, Michael Golden Shops. —RISING.
All Students: 'Those whose course of study calls for electives during the school year 1939-40 must make a choice before the end of this semester. This applies to all present juniors, present sophomores except in forestry, chemical, _ metallurgical, mechanical, and public service engineering, and engi-neering-law. Offices of the heads of the schools and registrar have plans of study. These students should consult the Dean or head of his school at an early date. Those contemplating a change of schools are advised to file application before the end of the present semester. (6-10) —STONE.
Co-ed Riding Classes: A minimum of five rides is required to obtain a grade. Makeup rides are scheduled on Friday, May 26, at 2:30 p. m. or Monday, May 29, at 1:30 and 2:30 p. m. If it is impossible to ride these hours, special appointment may be made during the day and late afternoon by phoning the Purdue Riding Stables, 36230. The riding examinations ,will be given today. May 26, at 4 p. m. in Stanley Coulter Hall lecture room. —CASE.
Gimlet Men: Seniors whose diploma fees are paid can get receipts and commencement tickets at cashier's office. —HAEPEEk
Registration Workers: Students who wish to work for the Ref^trar during the first semester registration, September 11, 12 and 13, are requested to make application before the end of the present year, on blanks to be obtained at the Registrar’s office. Those With previous experience at registration or in other clerical jobs are given preference. (6-6) —STONE.
) ^
“I got tired of borrowing ice cubes from the neighbors. Now I never have to wait more than five minutes for a fresh Slipply. And such cuD«! -r- Crystal-
clear, taste-free, I hard frown—I didn’t laiow there was
sitch a difference in ice.” Coolerator gives you ice cubes in nr lAoct
_ minutes or less. The clever cuher is a handy accessory that most Cohlerator O'wncrs insist on having.
Coolerator uses pure manufactured ice in a TOTALLY NEW WAY to f ive you air conditioned refrigeration, f you want a truly modern refrigerator, a plentifid supply of pure ice cub^ investigate Coolerator today.
FOR YOUR 10 DAY FREE
TRIAL CALL
LAFAYETTE ICE & COAL CO 4th and Salem Sts.
Phone 5078
-THiERE Ijl lSONtY ONE Uoolerator THE KBfmCBRkTOR
n