#-
S
vr
^ Jijj f ifr
'/ f'4;|i?. - ,#’7 .
Is The Younger Generation Getting Soft? — Edit, Page 2
Established 1889
x^pxyneM 9 Daily Since 1^06
Boffermaker Gripptara Will Handily 0r«r Northwestern —• Papd 3
Volume 53, No. 125
West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, February22,1941
Riveter Retters Trounce Maroons, 51-27
Bomar Cramer Will Play For Convo In Music Hall
P 'lanistWill Present Program
Long Will Play Chicogo Falters After Tight Defense ForSophomore gQgj Qown Earlv Boilermaker Attack
Cotillion Friday
mSiMIOK mehhy-oo-
noui
Hv Dnw iVirson nnd Kobpr( S Alkii
To Students, Townspeople At 3 Music Hall doois will oi)en at 2 15 this afternoon, admitting students and townspeople to the piano recital convocation ot Bomai Ciamei Ciamei’s conceit will begin at 3 p m and will be lice ot ehaige to all who wish to attend Passports or tickets will not be needed
Russians Will Stand By Allies, Says Bullitt; Indians Show Loyalty WASHIN(,J()N — I hose wlio lit cn tlK inside ii; luliiif, tlie le poll wlueh Anibissidoi Willnni C IJiiIliU p ivt Pi ( itkniPc scveliie iidinf the Nc u 1 ist s i y I In i c i only one slij-.l t i i\ cl snn hme ii it Bullitt told his ehiet th it Iheie e\ IS ibsoluteh no eluinei ot Russ i in ikiiiR pe ite A\ith Gcimuiy Coininp liom Bullitt ^vho ei\ td as Ambassadoi to Riissi i ind «ho s])tn( toiisuki ibk time (here in the eiil) dijs ol the IkMilution in 1917 Ihis means i lot Bullitt lias been Me,oionsl\ eiitieal ol the SoMef leemu in leceiit lews and piobiblj Mould le in oiei biekw iids ipainsl mi oieih optimislie appi us il IIom (\ei altei liis peeial toil ol the Ne u and ITiddle 1 isf on speeiil issii^nmenl liom tin Piesident he lepoiled tbit the Ku-^si ins Mile so II lie 1)1 unst the \ i/is III It lliiu Mould 1)1 no sill I null I Ol (oinpKituse
I'l llitt 1 11 1 Ilu Rus 1 III 11 mi III i\ I 111 1) ll\ M
(( i 111 null
1 1 II sti il i \ I i( h h t hi d ill (ill I
1 ( 11 I I
Ojienin,, with ‘loceati ud Pu cue by Bull 1 lusip f i unti will lontinue with five Ltudes ot ( hopin Opus 10 Nils 4 ind 5 Oiuis 2F) No 1 uid No (Tiois I tildes) ( i unei will then pi i\ ( hopin s Son it i in Bill! Miiioi Mill in It le I luissi 111 he will eon Inn with Selin idi ly Sti luss Buhius Minuet by Bi/et Rach iiiuuiiolf I tilde in I Minoi bv Seiiibine M uden and tlu Ni),ht II e lie by Gi uuidos ind Onbine 1)1 Riiel (i line v\ill coneluile the pio),i im with I esphink i by Iii |)i unovi Russian 1) inec On Pioei un 1 he 1 ist piece on tod iv s |)i oei uu is i d nice eneounliied in southein I II SI i Cl mill his him i)i used loi hi ibihty to n te I pi et this type okwoik 1)1 such enties is Lhevinnc Vii I 1 y ind the 1 ite O sip Ciabnlo witch ( 1 iniei bef,an his loi ni il niubieal eiicei it till Kidd Key Conseivi toi y at the af,c oi twelve At tei Icav II e th it institution he stiuhed un del Rudolph Ciaiit/ ind Joscl ind Rosin i Lheiinne (Ihe Ihevinnes piesented i conceit lecital in the Music H ill 1 ist ye u ) M un indiai d Ptrlormanees J 1 ouch ( imei his ippeiied in leeitils ind oiehcsti il conceits in li L( cities all ovei the countii his elliiL hill bee 1 most eoneenti itcd Indi in i Pe his ])liied six pti 1 n ineis with the Indi in ipolis Simi)honi Oiehisti i uid h ib pii I 1i I his mu le it Bill St ite De I luw and In li un Uiiveisities till (1 opin Ltudes which he \ ill [ 1 SI t it lod 11 s e iivo weie ))ic ented it iieitils in foil teen cities IV I tl c t lie Hid op lied the De 1 lu \ Music 11 I n il 111 I ) )
Play shop Puts Final T ouches On "Beyond The Horizon Set Bi liiiest Noi(llui),ei ”
\C ith i weeI m ui i ip bleu till cm t un eoi s up (li I h tlu ee u I di im i B 1 Ol d 11 lloi i m the stipe (iiws iiid utils iieputtin linishinp to lehe uu tlu Pin shop 1 loduetion tlu stipe eiew unde the diiectioii ol Sun Mills ue i )mpletinp Ihi sets ml Bill Deem IS dullinp the e ist ii minoi letnls
Ihib slow piomises oni ol tlu
most expin in sits th it 1 is ivei been built toi i PI ii shop luodue lion A lull si/i tiee 1 is leen niiii I 1 on the st ni I i the m un et/ i loiuitii scene I lu snnll si/t olMrlie 1 I w lei II ill si m ills il (bill lult to it tlu i )i 1 il ju siuctni loi Ihcpiavilw Ik line low iiul hilds but these li nil iLi ) s I ivi not halted the woil 1 lu olliei set
IS in i eounti \ 1 u mb m e
PI n V 1 avoi lie
W ith G uioll M utin lell is eh ui 111 in the liphteiew h ivi pluimd t< usi ill liphtin I u ilitii s i\ ul ibh in 1 ow lu II 11 In 11 i (( unit v m i ne liphts will lid dlst inu U the set InsU id ot usii ! i p uni I h lel diop liphts \ ill I len 1 I lu white ilouds the lie in uid 1 lud e ipe in
t) the hoi i/on PI n \ 1 n Ol iti
\\hen this di uu i 1\ liipeiie 0 Neill w IS h st piisuitid in tlu little lluitei in New \oil the h un itie u it i eomiiu iiled th it the 1 11\ was wilt tin b\ oi e who has l\ed too It mote liom Ihe Ihe itei 1 \ui thouph this w i out (1 llu lust thui let |)livs wiittui hi O N ill it IS still (III ot tlu t ivoi lUsil imi\usit\ tluiUis mil sum me I the itiie il eom|) mits 1 he pi n wisoiipmilB piolueed
with llu idi i th t Join iiid Lionel Buivmoie would pin the two I 11 Ihei s tlu R idii p m ile p uts Ihe 1)1 n w is held up b\ John U G illi ims the pioducei lot nioic thin lieu biiote pioduetion be loic hinlh ^iviip iij) the idei ol
usin„ the Buiymoies
Bail!) I unberptr lake leads It w IS Richud Bennett uid Id w 11 d Ai Hold who 1 itei became 1 un )us eiiienia st u s th it cieated the k uhnp loks ol Robcit ind Andiew .Miji Aithui Bai ih iiul Ted Lein bei^ei will be the -Mno biotheis oil tils t unpus llehn MaeKellci j)iominent ut ess ot tlu e uly twen tu s cieitid the heiomes i ole ot lith Atl im llu e impus pioduc tion u ituics Belts Luck well 1 now 11 ot 11 lyshop uuheneib iiilui lust pel loi mince since hei leeent loot ui|iu\ Otlui munbeis ol the cist ue Iluolfl W u I ui IS Ditk SeoU i sea e iptain Lois line V iiuhn IS Ruth s mothoi John (lilt IS the lathu lames Mno leMosiu I uu woith is Di P iw celt I om Buslinell as the hiicd 111 m l)oi IS Tl ibblc as the mothei
Ml s K ite M n 0 Setlinp In Vcimont
Beyond the Hoii/on is wiit),tn 111 thiee lets with six scenes Gen t ltd 11 ound two lamilics Iniiip on idiieent turns m Vcimont the stoiy insolvis two hiothus in one ol tlu t unilieb; uul i bwcet vounp pul 111 the othei Ohe ol the bioth e s Andiew is i I nmei with the love ol eiith in his he ut while tlie otlui liothii Roll)! is i poet with ditims uul cksiies ol tiavel and (( ouliiuud on p if,e 4)
Aviation Board Will Interview New Applicants Staitinj? tomoiiow the Auny An ( oips Aviation Cadet J^xanuning Bo u d headed by Majoi I homas S Mefoiincll will meet with all in leicbted btudcnls and local youths 111 the Genti il V M G A to inter view and examine applicants foi Aviation Cadet fi umnp Iht boaid will meet lomoiiow at 1 p m Each daj thcicaJtei loi the lest of the week they will meet liom 8 a m to 1 p m Age Lowered lo 18 Undei levised legulatioii'i a new minimum age of eighteen yeaib foi appheants has been established The old maximum age limit of twenty SIX still applies Manned men aie eligible foi appointments piovided then dependents liave suffieient means of suppoit In aceoi dance with the new in sti uetions appheants w ill appeal bcioie the Aviation Cadet Examin inp Boaid and will then be examined educationally and physieally and d qualified plaecd on the waiting list foi enlistment at the caiiiest possible date as Avi ition Cadets in the Aimy an eoips L\ ei ythiug I iirnishcd Aviation Cadets leetive 7') dol las pel month plus one dollai pei day loi subbistenee while ti lining Flee quuileis medieal caie hospi t ili/ation unifoims elothing uul i((ininneiit aie fuinislud Upon sue (isstul eomplelion of the 16 weeks tinning they aie eonussumed as beeond Lieulenants An Goips Re serve 1 Ol complete infoimation and iji lilieition foim to ajipeai before the ixamining boaid appl\ to the Ad pit lilts Ofliee, of the Aimoiy Mi Il II Hoinci L if lyette Cliambei tl Commeiee oi the Rcgulai Aimy Keel lilting Office in the Lafayette Post Offiee Dr. Elliott To Attend Washington Meetings Piesident E C Elliott left yes telda^ toi Washington D C wheie he will spend the next week on sever al impoitant pioieels He will at tend a meeting ot the seience com mittee of the National Resouiees Planning Boaid and will eonfci with oftieeis ot the Boaid in le gaul to affaiis ot Region foiu of this oiganmation Region tom m eludes seven states Indiana Ken tueky West Viiginia Ohio Ilhn ois Wiseonsin and Michigan Di Elliott IS ehauman of the ul visoiy eommitlee ol this legion lie ilso will attend a meeting oi a spec ill eonimittee on wutime peison ncl oi scientists uid othei tiained peisonnel L vtei he will attend a meeting ol a National Youth Ad ministiation eonimittee ot which he IS a membei
TwO'Day Concrete Course Will Begin Tuesday Morning Speakers To Discuss Defense Construction Ready mixed eonciete and its
be puichased by any student at the in the defense efforts of the Umveisity The piiee lemains at nation will be the theme of the thud !),1 65 annual shoit eoiuse on ready mixed Long Will Plaj eoncicte to be held at the Univer lohiiny Long and Ins oiehestia ‘’•ty beginning next Tuesday Mill piovide miiBie foi the daiiec, ' The pm pose of the com se, which which will stall at 8 80 biidav will last two days, is to discuss the night AWS has extended coed unpoilance to wai industiies of the horns foi the dance until 1 a m , so ^Peed and efficiency of eonciete Ihe band will hold swhy until 12 JO which is mixed cnioute fiom the toisjges will be peimitted at the plant and pomed into place immeddanee The blonde southein maes upon aiiival at the site of
A!i Students May Buy Tickets Tomorrow
'V
rickets foi the Sophomore Cotillion may be purchased fiom the membcis of Skull and Cieseent stalling lomouow, it was announc ed yesterday by this organization which sponsors the dance Previous ly available to only sophomoies, junioi sand senior s, and for sale only in the cashier’s offiee in the Exeeu live Building, the tickets may now
lio will bung his band heie fiom constiuctioii
Chicago, whole he is stopping on a
n ition wide loin
Piimaiily sweet in style Long’s
Discussion Opens Program Ihc piogiam will open 'luesday
moiniiig with a discussion of the
band has a numbei of good swing purposes of the two day school
Faculty Notice lo Membeib ot the Padultj 1 he regulai monthlj meeting ol the Paeulty will be held on Monday Feb 23 at 4 p m, in Ehza I owler Hall A full atteiidanee is expected Edwaid C Elliott, Pi esident
aiiangcmciits is evidineed by the populaiity of his Deeea leeoi dings Ills aiiangement of “Shantytown ’ in i novelty style has sold ovci 150 000 copies Long s sweet style lepe lone was ilteied when he played foi a swing conscious audience at the Roseland Balhoom in New Yoik foi a long time engagement in 1940
Baud Provides Novelty
1 hough novelty is not the pii maiy inteiest m the band, it has its quota Johnny himself is one of the few left handed violinists in either classical o^ popular music today Oiiginally a light handed violinist
(Continued on page 4)
Junior Coeds All tumor coeds arc asked to rel)ort to room 261 of the union build iiig Ik tween 3 and 5 on Monday oi Tuesday of this week F. Knight To Speak At Science Meeting ft Tomorrow Evening Ul 1 lank H Knight, piofessoi 111(1 leetuiei on the -.taff of the Ee onomus dejiaiLminl of the Umvei sily of Chicago will bi guest lee tuiei at an ojien meeting of the Umveisity blanch ol Die Ameiiean Ax^oei.itioii ol Seientifie Woikcis lomouow evening at 7 JO p m , in loom 100 ol the Cheiiiistiy building As the subject of his address Minch IS the second in a seiios of talks on the philosophy ol science Di Knight Mill use, “Empiiicism, Rationalism and Romanticism in Social Seience He has wiitton much on the sub jects of capitalism, socialism and competition including ‘Ethics of Competition and othei woiks Although the leetuie is intended piimaiily loi University students and laeulty membeis it will be open to the geneial public Dr. E. L. Butz Jo Address Ag Luncheon Tomorrow Agueultui il stall will hold its inoiithlv luiielieon lomouow at noon in the Union Ihe speakei will be Di E L Blitz who will talk on Paiity Polities and Piogiess Roseoe Fi vsei is ehauman ol the committee Dr. E. C. Young of the Farm Management De paitment was in Lebanon attending a meeting of the Boone County Rui al Eleetiifieatioii Association He addiessed the meeting on ‘1942 and What To Do About It ” The Boone County Association mss one of the lust oiganized in Indiana under the Rural Electrification Admimstia tion
eluding Die showing of sevei al films on the manufacturing of cement R B Cupps of the School of Civil Engineering, who is in ehaigc of the shoit eoiuse has piedicted that ovei 100 engineers, contiactois and public officials will attend the gatheung The luesday alter noon session will open with a talk on “The Posi tion of the Ready Mixed Concrete Industry in the War Effort” Other speakers include F M Welch construction engincei for the American Aggicg..te Coipoiation, who will discuss aggregate pioduetion of ready mixed mateual and W W Hadley budge cnguieei for the In (liana State Highway Commission, who will tell how leady mixed eoneiete speeds up the construction woik of the commission Stars To Address Banquet Di L M Seals of the histoiy, economies and goveinment depart meiit will add less the banquet to be held luesdiy evening and the louisi will Iiiiish Wediiesdiy with a (liseusxK)ii of loneiete design and Uu liboiatoiy testing ol submitted samples Also ineluded ui Wednes days lelivities aie a louiultable (liseusbioii on opuaLing piobkms and films of plant 1 lyouts told we itlici opeiations and othei topics pel taming lo the field of building with toiieielc
Sprawl, Menke, Polk Shine On Offense; Lambertmen Find Range in Second Half By Phil Johnson, Exponent Sports Editor Chicago FieWhouse, Chicago, Feb. 21 —Chicago’s perennial last place Maroons (dropped their thirteenth Big Ten contest here tonight to the invading Boilermaker quintet in a game marked with ragged ball handling by both teams, by a score of
51-27
The Maroons were still playing the inspired brand of ball throughout the early part of the game that almost won them ■ —_ their first conference victory
over Northwestern earlier in the week, but tired in the final ten minutes to allow the victors to pile up a very impressive margin of victory. The entire first period was a defensive battle with the Maroons playing a rugged defense that the Boilermakers were unable to penetrate for decent shots.
Slow start
The game was six minutes old before Blanken scored the first Purdue basket Slowly they built up a 13-4 lead three-quarters of the way through the period For the remainder of the first half both teams matched points for a half time score of 21-10 in favor of Purdue Cecil Polk was the spearhead of the first period, holding Jack Fons, Chicago scoring ace to three tallies, while earning seven
for himself
Again in the second period the clock ran for six minutes before Al Menke tallied the mitral second period field goal on a side shot ProDa this point on the Maroons began to tlie and despite the scoring efforts of Zimmerman and Oakley, the Boiler makers steadily added to their lead Spiowl, Menke and Tieimey led the final spurt, with Don Adams sinking a long shot just before the finakgun and raising the final score
to 51-27
Crosbie Shines for Maroons Jim Crosbie, Maroon guard, played a fine defensive game before tiling m the final few minutes. Crosbie was close on SprowTs heel in the fust half, holding the third mail in Big Ten scoring to only three points in the first 20 minutes. However, Sprowl came back fast ux the final few minutes of the battle to run his total for the evening to 13 points, the highest total of the
evening
Al Menke was next in scoring (Continued on page 3)
University To Offer Special Hight Courses For Defense Training Five couises of special interest to men and women of this community will be offered at the University as part of the defense train ing piogiam authoiized by the United States oflice of education These include radio technicians tiaimng, engineeiing chemistry, engineer mg di awing engmceiing mathematics, $nd technical report wilting Registiation will be held in loom 101 of Michael Golden shops next Thuisday evening at 7 30 for pei sons living in this community or
within driving distance
The eouise foi ladio technicians IS designed to meet the immediate need foi thousands of tiamed men and women to operation and seivice communication and detection equipment A minimum of 60 is required foi this class which will meet three
nights a week
Chemistry Included
Engineeiing chcmistiy is a short intensive course puallcling fust ycai college chcmistiy foi those who wish a better understanding of the technical processes involved in modem indiistiy The class will con sist ol both lectuic and laboiatoiy woiK meeting tor 18 weeks It pro vides valuable tiaining foi those in tcicstcd in public health service The com sc in technical lepoit wilting will lun for 12 Mceks and IS piiniaiily foi pei sons who have to write Ol mteipiet engineering lepoits It includes a study of en ginceiing statistics and of engincei ing lenoit foi ms This course should appeal to both senior cngincciing students uid to men in in-
dustiy
Music Organizations Juvenile Performers Present TO Present Program jalents In "Just Ktds" Program
At Banquet In Union
By Don Brewti
Univcisity Glee Club and Conceit Chou will sing at the annual La layette Chanibci of Commcice ban quet to be held lomouow evening at () JO in both balliooms of the Union Twelve icccnt Debus beau ty quicns will ict as iisluis Ihc Glee Club will stand at tlu 1101 th side ol the noith balhoom and the Conceit Ghoii will stand at the south end of the south balhoom These positions will give an anti lihonal elleet lo Die singing This IS the (list lime th it Dus has evil been tiled in the balliooms Ihe piogiam eonsisls of ‘Moon light oil ihe W ilei by Rossini and ‘ Ihe Pilgiuii bong by Ischaikow sky, sung by Die Glee Club The Glee Club and the Conceit Chou will sing a wai medley which fea tines a giil s trio singing “My Bud dy ” Next in oidei will be a ti urnpet tiio ‘Donkey Seienade’ by Fiiml “White Clifls ot Dovei ’ and ‘ Ram on the Rivci by Fox will be sung by the Conceit Chou
Omission Vendently omitted fiom the list ot distinguished students m Fridaj s Exponent were the 66 stu dents in the School ot Seience
borne play pianos, saxophones.
It was 10 oO on Saturday mom giutais, some aie singers; others mg ovei WBAA In the waiting aic elocutionists and lecite poems loom of the radio station a dozen or diamatizations.. Becky Ann^s small children were attempting to biggest difficulty is in managing disrupt the business like routine by those who develop mike fnght and playing stoop-tag aiouiid the turni those who become stubborn at the tme These were the poifoimeis list possible moment Dealing with loi the day s “Just Kids piogiam the stubboiu “won’t talkers” It happens eveiy batuiday when harder than witli those affected by one of WBAAs oldest radio pio nuke flight guuns “Just Kids goes on the au Another highlight in “Just Kids’* at 11 0 clock h lom all ovci Hoosiei production is the consistent answer 1 ind tiivoniles come to present then to one of the announcer's lead quesl Dents beloie a laigc hsteiung and Dons ‘Betty what do you like m
lenee composed mainly of mothei s 1 itheis aunts uncles distant lela lives, and playmates Al Stewart Once A Member Becky Ann Ptivine member of the station s student si ilf has the job ot handling the voung peifoini CIS At one time she hciself ap peaied on the piogiam which was oiiginatcd in 1911 Albeit P SteM
school ’ And then the little perloimei leplits with, “Oh, I like recess best Most Popular Performer Chosen Undei Becky Ann’s direction ah umu D t hnstmas party is held for p 1st ptiloimeis on “Just Kids” and t\ny so otteii i ladio poll is conduett il to dtltimme the m6st popillu child peitoiinti in the senes of
ait diieetoi ot the Umveisity s biouleasts At this tune the neighmusieal oi„ani/ations was once a bois and lelativos rally around to fimed iiiastei ot eeiemomts on the swMl the voting to huge number)), piogiam It you evei listen to “Just Kids,^ Misti OSS ot teiemomts Pi i vine little would you leuhze the tiialk deiDs with one ye.u old iiitants all uul tiibulatioiis undergone to pro-> the May up Lo 12 year old grade duee the piogiam—the difficultieo
school lascals Chaus, big diction aiies and stools are used to place
Mith stubboin singers—tense moments with silent notldeis—^pationoa
the little ones up on i level with Mith bad aetois the nuciophone Mhen they go “Oh well,” says Betky Ann,‘fitfsi thiough then loutines lots oi tun”
5 II
-11
Vlil% 'IIIL.l,^yi^y,i-. K ...', _. ; • ••••
, f.
f ^1’/ ^
PuiMtiis Expomht
$uriday, February 2^9
^ Jik'fopic'commonly heard these days within ! middle-aged ',- iN«» is^ of the younger : .J^Cl^atipn.v There is nothing that goes to liiite ^ a pleasant evening for some of the
boyS;©^^^^ ago like
-, ir'l^lrteii pessimistic discourse ton the future of 1,-. I^i^rioa, defended by her “sheltered and pro-'l-S^^liitbst anyone who lived through the SpanAniilricah War or the First World War ^d: will, gladly tell interested parties, ‘ that men and women now coming of age were , ;\Vbprh with silver spoons in their mouths” and neveir b-eally known adversity. They ' point out that the boys now enter-ing-the armed forces must really undergo a titohsformation if we are to defeat the Axis. ^M'sRafcing^ heads,' these harbingers admit that today’s youth not only aren’t as tough as premuS generations, but they don’t have the n^t attitude about this- war business. ■^ ifcftras a serious business. No one iS' going to contest that statement. The fact that today’s students, particularly-here in the Mid-
^ ,s. ,• Prof.QtG^Udyd er irenepation^.. .:. .. of the Farm Management Ip'e-
^ , partment lel;t yesterday'for Des
west, have not beeh fired with pep arid high Moines, iowa„ where he will attend puiposC anda'desiretO g'rabaguribranurse’S a Regional Land Tenure Gonfercap and go to serve their nation, is not an in- ence. The conference is spomsored dieatibriof lack of concern or failure to assume Farm Foundation of eincago. responsibility. It is merely indicative-of the —~-— fact that they believe they can be of more are aware of the tremendous physi-
WB A A Perscmnel Notes
service pursuing'as nearly as possible their cal expansion taking place in the
normal studying routine than engaging in some partially baked idea designed to “make them-Realize the seriousness of the national
emergency;”' '
Today’s youth ’are more cynical, more realistic than previous generations. “Remember Pearl Harbor” doesn’t arouse tl^ir^motions arid neither does about 80 percent^/the other
war propaganda. I /
True—a large percentage//^ them don’t really realize what this war^wll mean to them. They may be slow getting smarted; There Will
be' anxious times"'for the natlpii
But statistics show that bigger, stronger and le than their fathers’ and
thaj
nation’s Capital. New construction is going' up everywhere-—and vast 'as it is, it is only the beginning. On the planning boards of housing officials is a program of huge proportions—r32,000 new dwelling units for the.present fiscal year alone'and thousands more to follow. The demand for quarters is so gfea,t, that private construction can’t handle it, and Oefense Homes Corporation is planning to put up more than a third of the
units. /
New . government workers are now pouring into the Capital at the rate of 1,800 a week. Prom Jan- . uary 1, 1941, to July 1 of this year, it is estimated that the influx will
of any of America’s fighting generations of
the past.—r.l.h. • -
Merry-Go^Round
(Continued from page 1)
Indians may surprise the average lighter hydraulic power eq.uipment American, but not Collier, He says: for aircraft; spring motors; sheet “The Indians know more than any aluminum alloy .^yelding; sound, of us what freedom means. They heat or ray detector's,
are. able to get their airplanes in knew it in other years when they The Council’s address is Dopartthe air again, which they, cannot fpught against overwhelming odds mcht of Commerce Building, Wash-
jdo in sub-zero •weather and with to save their lands from the white ington, D.' G.
fenow on the ah' fields. Politically, however, Bullitt is convinced that Rhsmst will stand with the United NatittHs to the last ditch.' Against this, Bullitt goes fnrIherr than anyone else, around the Rresideh( regarding Allied losses.’Not only does he believe that Japan wiii take India, but he feels A^isfralia will be lost to the Irtish Empire; Ifi he is right, this will he the worst blow which the United Nations can suffer, especially inasmuch as Aanerican troops are now. stationed in. Australia and New
Zealand.
.Note; Not all war observers agree with Bullitt on this latter point. They point put that Australia is chiefly a desert country, and it would take weeks and months for a, conquei’ing.arirry to envelop these vast areas. I^at’riot’ic Indians As in th.e last ■\vai', thousands of Anieyicaii Indians again are demonstrating their pati'iptism. ' The d®sk of John Collier, able chief of the Office of Indian Affeire, is stacked,with letters from (ri^ery frihe m the country, pledgfhg^^id and offering to make fresh sacrifices for the war effort.. Here are a few examples: ^^jiniipediatcly after the declaration of war, the Ci'ow Indians of Montana voted ^10,000 of, tribal funds to President Roosevelt to “use as,you see fit.’’ They also votto place in the President’s hands Me entire resources of their 2,000,OODracre reservation, including mineral', oil and coal deposits, plus all available manpower for combat
serried.
^ The Creeks of Oklahoma have act aside $400,000 of trlbial funds for the .purchase of defeirse bonds, other tribe.s voting large suras for the same purpose include the Jicarilla Apaches and Pupblos of New- Mexico, the Euchee and Seminole Ihdians of Oklahoma, and' the Navajos. Not to. be outdone, the Colvillcs of Washington State, the Cheyennes, and Arapahos of the Plains and the Nez Perce Indians have announced the.v will not press for settlement of tribial claims against the government while the war lasts. Following the Jap attack there was a big rush among Indian youth at every i-eservation to enlist, espeeially at tho^Sioux reservation in South Dakota. Only three of the 46 Nbrfk Caz'olina Cherokees in the . Army were drafted. The rest volunteered. Note: The patriotic response of
We Will Win Due to initial Axis advantage of having gi'eat organized military machines, the war \vill he long, difficult and costly. But if the Allied peoples V'in stick it out they can’t Ipse. AH'the major basic economic advantages are on our side. Here
ai'c a few:
The Axis powers plus their occupied territories have 29 per cent of the world’s coal, T8 per cent of the iron ore, 3 per cent of the oil, 21 per cent of the ; wheat, 23 per cent of the sugar. ^ Total population under their flags, 474,000,000; of which 168,000,000' are conquered people.s secretly trying to throw off their
terroristic yokes.
On the Allied side of the ledger is 67 per cent of the world’s coal, 63 per cent of the U'on, 78 per cent of the oil, 64 per cent of the wheat, and 51 per cent of the sugar. Population 1,300,000,000 — all free peoples fighting- for their freedom.
Ihvenfions Win War
Attenlio.n'—inventors and scientists! The National Inyentoi's’ Council, headed by famed Dr. (Charles F. Kettering, is looking for new ideas in these fields'—explosive liydrocarbon vapors; rocket-propelled projectiles; air centrifugal and electromagnetic guns; automatic land
undoubtedly. enA^f today are
to disease
grandfathers. Time
will-show that they can match the toughness total 60,000. Thereaftei', estimates
range as high as 260,000 before the
war is over.
IVhat that, means is shown by the fact that this figure is nearly fifty per cent of the normal population of Washington. Already Washington’s metropolitan area has increased 44 per cent in population in the last ten years. But despite this expansion, private builders' are afraid to undertake home construction. They fear sudden price rises and inability to
The Donovan Office is making an priorities on materials. To off-
Ui S> and: Italy
effort, by short waVe propaganda, to drive a wedge between tlie Italian people and the Italian government. - To this end Italy is included in a series of broadcasts to the “dominated” countries of Europe; The- radio message has a friendly tone, far different from the “stab in the back” note struck by Roosevelt when Italy first went into the war. Here is a dii'cct quote from a broadcast, as it went by short-waye,
in Italian:
“Italy faces national bankruptcy and almost certain impoverish^ ment for many years to come. Italy is confronted by evergrowing demands, for more and more manpower for Germany. Italy is hungry despite good harvests. Italians do not eat as well as the people of Germany, or the troops of the occupier of Italy. Yet the food these enjoy belongs to Italy; has been taken from Italy . . . “In America it is believed that Italy is a nation already conquered by Germany. The defeat of Italy by the Nazis ha.s been done politically, rather than by force of arms . . . Cooperation betwcei: Italy and Germany is a farce. Cooperation is not a one-way road. Germany cannot take everything, give nothing but
set this, they are being assured of priorities on all construction that can be termed defense housing — that is, homes that will sell for less than .$6,()00 or rent for ai'ound $50 a month. Wa.shington has become so congested that people who recall what Charles Dickens said of the Capital wish he might come back to have another look. It vvas just 100 years ago, in 1842, that the English,, author visited Washington and went home to write of “spacious avenues that begin in nothing and lead nowhere; streets a mile tong that only want houses, roads, and inhabitants; public buildings that need but a public to be complete.” (Copyright, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.).
, , MUNDAY, Pebrua,ry 2$, 1942:,,; 9:4g—News. r.,,"'. , \ t0;00—“News iV-riting” with Prof. J. H. McKee 10:60—WBAA Presents • 10:66—News , 11:00—“Wo’rld History Since 1914”'' with Prof. Frank Hall 11:50—Purdue News 11:66—News 12:00—Agi'i'cultural Forum '12:15—Meet the Band 12:46—'Music 12:56—News , 1:()0—Light Classics 1:15—Poods, Facts, Fancies 1:30—Music 1:45—Markets 1:55—News . 2:00—Story a Day 2:16—Radio Camera Club 2:30—Safety Program 2:45—Music 2:65-News 3:00—Mary Louise Reppert—pianist 3:15—Afternoon Melodies 3:30—Organ Moods 3:55—News 4:00-—^Children’s Symphony 4:30—Music ' ' ' 4:45—The Curio Man 4:50—Music , 4:55—News 5:00—Just Relax . 5:15—Current Books with Helen Seaton 5:30—Vespers 5:45—Little-Miss-Muffett 5:56—News 6:00—Dinner Hour 6:30—Sports Revie^y 6:45—Music 6:55—News 7:00—Social Security 7:15—SM’s 7:30—Eleanor Arlington—singer 7:45—Music ■ 7:55—News 8:00—Music 8;1.5—Progress of Piu'due 8:30—William Wari'on—pianist 8:45—Eventide Echoes 8:55—News 9:0,0—Musicana 9:55—News 10:05—Off the Air
Wisconsin men in military and naval service have the privilege of takin.g Univci'sity, of Wisconsin extension, courses at their state’s ex-
pense under a 1941 law.
Companies Scbeduled to Visit the Campus — McDonnell Aircraft Corp., Robertspq, Mo. Peb. 23 and 24. ‘Hamilton Standard Propellers (Division of tTniled'Aircraft Cbrp.), E. Hartford, Conn.,,Feb. 24 and 25. Deti'oit Edison Company, Detroit, Michigan, Feb. 24. Delco Remy Division of General Motors Company, Kokomo, Inidana. Feb. 26. Harnischfeger Corp., Milwaukee, Wis; Feb,.'26 and 26. Chain Belt Company, Milwaukee, Wis. (2nd visit). Feb. 26 and 26. Cummins Engine Company, Columbus,, Indiana. Feb. 26. U. S. Navy Yard, Naval Aircraft Factory, Philadelphia, Pa. Peb. 26 and, 27. Group meeting Feb. 26 at 4:00 p. m. in 214 M. E. Thompson Aircraft Products, Cleveland,.)Ohio. Peb. 27. Drackett Co., Cincinnati, Ohio. Feb.’ 27 add 28. Corning Glass Works, Charleroi, Pa, Feb, 2,7. ■ PciTect Circle, Hagerstown, Indiana, Feb. 27. Eli Lilly and Co., Indianapolis, Ind.j Peb. 27 and 28. If any senior is interested in an interview with any of the following companies, complete one of the yelIpw “Request for Interview” cards, a supply of which i.s in your school office. You will be notified by card from the Personnei Office when to schedule an interview: Ushco Mfg. Co., Frankfort, Iml. —Mar! 2!,' Corning Glass WoJ'ks, Charleroi, Pa.—Feb. 27. M E, ChE, EE, BS, and PhD, in Chemistry, PhD Phys-
icists.
Metropolitan Life Ins. Go., Actuarial Division, New Yoi'k, N, Y.— Undergraduate men for summer work, especially those with a major in -mathematics. Anyone interested, please sign in Personnel Office. Detroit Edison Go., Detroit, Mich. —Feb. 24. Juniors for summer work. Sign in Personnel Office. General Electric Co., Fort Wayne, Ind.—ME, PSE, and T and IE. If interested sign on sign-up sheet in your .school office before 3 p. m., Tuesday, Feb. 24. «
Harnischfeg^d
Wis.
Cbain Melt dp,, MilwalfiReej Wi?—F.eb.,2b'and 26. ME, EE, ChE. perfect Circle Go!; H)^erstowti, InRianai^Rab! All , engirieers, preferably mM,. ' , . . ■ ! ' Delco Radio, Division of General Motors, Coi'p,,.Kokbtno,.Jrid. — Peb. 25. EE and ME. if rnteredted, to the Personhel Offl'ce 'iand'schedule intervievv! ■ - Boeing Airci’aft .'Cfpif’ VSeattie, Washington-Peb. 26;'27;'28. Group greeting' Feb. 26 at 4 iiv 213 MB., Aeronauticgls, ME, a|id CE; Come to the PersonneL Office and schedule interview. ; T ' '
HELD dVER
, . • , 1 , fecorn, and yet call it cooperation,
and sea mines; aircraft bi-akes; lu- .+ a ■
, . . ' V lhats what America thinks.”
bricating systems for aircraft en- d •
g'ines; lighter aircraft turbine en- Bursting Washington gines; aircraft engine pumps. Few people, even in Washington,
SANirONE CLEANING
COATS LIKE NEW!
0
Giye your coat a BEAUTY TREATMENT! MIDWINTER
SANITONE CLEANING Refreshes as it cleans Fabric lustre restored DIAL 7278 ,
132 NrirthweBtern Ave,
Come on the run
What Stars!
What Fun!
BROS. HAPPIEST HITwJih Hiililr PURtNli' RiCHARS TRAVIS • BILLIE BURKE • REBINAIB SARDINER
Starts TODAY
EXTRA! CARTOON ’world NEWS
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD f. RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 Sshultx Blda4th and-MaiivSt. Lalayctte
Everylhing fvr (f Collage; Eflueation BE ACS .
■ Added— Walt Di5n|y Cartoon March of TIME'S . Far East Command.
i
*■;
ITODAY - MON.
iiiiiitiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii LUMA
2 HITS
= She’s a \ these nitv/its will blitz 1 honey... . / your blues away!
I She’s a i, ? Atan' i
1 lulu!
mm
= with *” Y\ III I Lum I VEIEZ I tEO ICARRIILO
LAUREL^
OLIVER
siiHitiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiriiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitH
ITS TRUE!
By Wiley
S^WtdusL £xpommL Alf American 1940*'41
Entered as second cla.s.s matter at the post ofljee in Lafayette, Indiana, under I he act of Congresfi of March 3, 1879, and at the special rale of postage provided for iji section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January ^0, 1922. I’uWished daily except Monday during the regular aclidemic year and^ weekly during the .Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per yedr, mail .subscriptions, $4.00. /
r:rfitin--iD'Chief.... N«»» Editor Saortf Editor
. Ned A. Ochiltree Kumuess Mnhacer.. ..John J.. Trauifott Mana,;in(,' Editor .....Phil Johnson Coed Editor
Don S. Powers ..I-cland W. Kuffner Kutli Hose
Publication Staff ' Aweiate EtlUorH t J. E. Atov.^. J- H- Aj-nidlronj!, I>. f. Broyby. YL. tv tiadiv'y* K. 1. Jon.'.,, E* Cj, Kirper. .Staff I 0. T. Clarh. .1, D, Kriioor. J. 8. Keeler. Btaff: Wary K. hoyiUon, Alice CliotOebl, Jane Ramedell. ... ... . .. ‘■‘’Phones: Edfforiatand Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 ; fditorial After 10 P. M., 5377
Business Staff Coed IlMslnesa Manaacr: Donna. Sieea; Office Manogert l.,ee BohiioriK. Local Adyerlising Managers: K. K. Gjoinre, R. E. Saxton: Cirr.utatian Manager: W. T. lioll: Accounts-Manager: 'W'. t). Millard. Junior Cued Managers: Jean Frankenburryi. Franoca Lloyd, .Julia Martin.
Represented for national adverti-sing by National Advertising Servieu, Lnc, College Publiehera. Hepreaentutives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. -
FILMED IN BBS'S; cmperation aB.bo5le«f:;^ed Settee
‘jfiom... I Couth, EAST, west.... WALLACE feEERY HAS ROILED A TOTAL GF T'HOUSANOS THOUSAMPS Of MIL« Of FLYINe HIS OWN PLANES I INTE@iN AVlATfONriATBS' 8ACH TO,EVEN. .-'"'^ BEFORE l929TRI'’M0n?A JOBS LIKE THIS ONE. HE IS A LIEUT. COMMANPIR IN THE U.S. NAVAL AIR RESERVE!
MARjORIEMAIH WAS BORN IN NDIANA.... HER FATHER WAS; A CLERS/MAN SHE MADE HER FILM DEBUT .L«,"DEAD END"
MABIOBIEY, ilidiWAllY Iv-,
lilAnJORIE. "lewis
’■’’'jit!irhi''*idltor:’'Butr ; Ldfior:.. Qadiey
Staff For This Issuo Siiorta L^ditor: Karuick. Reporters: ■■ C. K. towards, J. T. Richardson .viorta traitor, narpica ^ ^ g p Brewer, G. T Day Editor; Kamadell Dyer.-:.
SJ! tlHMfi
HENRY O'NEILL • DONNA REED CHI4 WILLS * WIlLiAM 1^ LUNDIGAN
★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
mxipm
STARS IW MSM-s ' A9 AN'OLOfiMy
29yEARlOf SERVICE ON HIS RECORD
mUAM LUN0I6AN... WHO PLAYS THE LEADING ROMANTIC UNIVERSITV, WHICH HE ENTERED AT THE A6E Of'16 I
v I
" 'i »»'> \
E(ulfinnakeisFac& Rivetef Wf6S||6P^ Aottlw^Cw jHat,h From Wi
SouaA Tomorrow
mw?' tn iNi V , " ^ p /(B,
4*
---•k:''4v to
Sunday, l^eliituajwZS^TSWiZ
T C^cil Polk
sv> /s
(Edit(JB’l'‘!^^te:^fe'liiA^JtehiiiVoiti Wln'^Clifijcago to see the basketball tos over this corner'for today.)
Mar«!ttn'S^^‘Safll%-'•^
Basketballiiltodgsp^a&'C'—0hce again theie is pressure for Chicago to bow out of the Western Conference . . . certainly a commendable idea however you look at it. ' ^ ‘ ^ • For one thing,/'not all hardwood tpams^wil^^e'fortp^patp enough to play the Maroons twice, leading to the sideline"comment that some teams yrill have two sure marks on the credit side o^ the*ledger, while others only get one. > , i ^ Chicago'withdrawal wopld hl^o make fp? a more, ihteiseslin^race. , Then, too, tlfe schedule might be increased fiom l&to 16 games, or a complOte round-robin, with each team playing all eight opponents on a home dh^ home basis. What could be faiier than that? When the 12 game schedule was in effect all teams would usually play on the same night, giving no single team an advantage of resting while
artothoteplayad^a hardigame.
The Qreailc»Seitietimes Help ^Recently Illinois defeated Minnesota on a Monday night. On the previous Saturday the Gophers had had a tight game with Pui’due and the Hlini were idle, giving the Illinois towering sophs a distinct advantage. Such was not the case before this yeai. Each team in the conference plays three opponents only once. We play Wisconsin once and that game at home. Howcvei, the othei* two oneteam games are with Illinois and Indiana—running one two light now—
and both are away fiom homo. Defense Getting Better?
’ probably no acjj^ual figures on the subject eicist, but we’ve been thinking that ba^etball games throughout the country in geneial seem to be lower scoring affaii s than they were last year, Maybe it’s an indication that the defense is getting stionger, or that the offense is becoming Weaker ... then again, it may be imagination or just one of those things. Minnesota, for instance, defeated Purdue at Minneapolis last year by 6S-50. This year the Gophers prevailed 34-27. The West Goast, usually ft high-scoring conference, has had a bevy of low scoring games during 1941-’42. The Ivy League, minus such stais as Gus Brobeig of Dartmouth, has followed suit. In fftet Rhode Island State and West Texas State seem about the only piodigious point-making machines m the land.
... 0ashy tittle Boilermaker guard whose outstanding play for the Riveter hardwood squad this season has gained for him recognition as one of the nation’s feature players of the year. Cecil held the two top scorers in the conference at the present for a total of six points, Otto Graham of Northwestern, and Johnny Kotz of Wisconsin each garnered the grand total of three points a game from the scrappy little squirt.
P99C1 3 IristiFresbmenTpp State AAU Track Meet t n ^ With Seven WinneFS Better than 60 athletes enteied the State AAU track meef which was held m the Pieldhouse yesterday afternoon. Boilermaker, Indiana and Notre Dame entries dpminated the meet, but since many freshmen from those tihree schools ran unattached, no fthal score was determined. The lush yearlings took seven fiist places in twelve events to set the pace. Lloyd McEachern, eligible for the first tiipe this season^ cleared six feet evem in the high jumm and Keith McLaughlin turned-in a creditable 9:55 in the tWo mile fpr the two best Boilermaker efforts. The siUTpirihry fhllow?; ^ Hten JXJMB—Won by Mcghchern (P); Brebneri unattscli^ (P) secojul, Yoniker unattached (NO) third. Height, 6’. TWO MILE—Won by McLaughlin (P) . Dueslfer (P) third; WnUer (ND) thiH. Time, 9 :65 440 YARD DASH^iflrat heat) Won by Lindergan unattached (ND) , PearSon, unattached (P) aeeonj. Archer (P) third. Timej -62, (Second Heat) Wbn by Anthony (P) . Farnsworth unatt^hed (P) second; Price unattached (P) thlid, Tipie, :61.2. ONE MILE RUltn-Won by- Judge unattached (NJP) . Kemp (P) second, Kinder (P) third Time, 4 24 6 60 YARD DASH-—Won by Murphy (ND) ; Clifford (ly) second, Koiin (P) third. Tune, 6 4 60 YARD- HiGHi HURDLBST.-7Woir by Kron (P) Cpnant, (P> secpnilj, Barnes (P) third. Time. :7.9. BROAD JHMp-—iWon by Murphy (ND,) tie for second between Holdernesa and Dodge (P) Distance, 22’3”. SHOT PUT—Won by W-bite unattached (ND) , Yondter unattached (ND) second.; French (?) third Distance, 44’3”. 880 yard run—Won by Cnrriu (ND) . Jentseh (P) second! Arnold (P) iinrd. Time, 1 SO 1. 60 YARD LOW HURDLES—Won by Smith, unattached (ND),4 Kron (P) second, Conadt .(P>“'^rd/,„Tit»iw •.^4b -
By Ed Kjnrpieti ^ ^ ^
Yesterday the '
Northwestern into camp by a score of
of battle had cleared away the Wildcats were a tamed bunch of kittens. ' ^ ft Only two of the contests, wemt ta t]^B^aiistoB.d|^leii)il^,
but both of these werefalkr.
a couple of his reserves a chance to sfiowt^r wares’ visitors promptly" thanl^edi. hinii foK,fapijebe^rtei^ bjr V^j^m
their opponents shoulders to the
Wildcat 145< pounder, thtew Sam in shorl' i^t^s
,1 This was
msteK and w
largeiv respixpalble
iail Juniov, 3^mpson of ike
enpaker teaxv
Tmbey, a. .vary good-
fon the Ofiiec wi4(r Bying:.4SM;stid! ^ , Mkkcy, MEacBotiald stifled J|
off on tbe rigbtifook
tory over 4^ NetberotyOf wofttem/MK^ey bounced (
enb around abaoi^ at
applied Uie pmisure nece^si^^ ^ the faU. 'Qua statetaeixjLia^nc0n^^ as a. criticism of the Nopl^y
In its second of five straight games on foreign epurts the Boilei maker basketball team will oppose Northwestern at Evanston tomorrow night. The Boilermakers won the first game in the local fieldhouse, 60-41, but anticipate moie opposition on the Wildcat home floor, especially since the Purple game is always a tough one
foi the Riveters. Wildcat Captain Out
Lanky sophomoie Bob Jake has taken over for Captain Hepry Clason, who was recently declared ineligible. Otto Giaham, another soph and an early season scoiing flash will probably be bottled up by Cecil Polk, with the rest of the scoring left to Don Clawson, RUss Wendlund. Bud Hasse, Bob Kruger along
with Esser and Benson. Hammond High School of Coach Dutch Lonberg’ft lads wjll mond, Indiana, extended their stpng probably be gunning for the Boilqj- of consecutive state high school makeis after their loss of prestige shimming championships to ttu-ee
in the not-too-convincing victory yesterifey aftemooR in the Field-
house pool before a crowd of two ^applp^
— hundred people when they copped Mickey’s speed-and-
Nigh*', Re«UH S the setting of four new high school, season, aqd-seema^bfe swimming records, an excellent evmy.timeLiJjaibe gok to"tJie
show of diving, and what Dick Pa-
HammondHi^ CapturesState AqitaiicCtowit
Minnesota, 47; Great Lakes, 39 Notice DRipe, 70; Western Re-
serve,''3ft.
ItUhois, 43; Ohio State, 31 Wisconsin, 59; Northwestern, 47 Iowa, 59; Michigan, 38
BuftMaj^se...
Big Ten Standings Fencing Call Oui*
■ . SCOBEE’S SENIORS I Eini>l0>em arc interviewing now— DON’T DELAY —Have application ^ photos read)—Reliable service.
Phone 2343
105 Northwestern: Ave.
ROQMS in the northeast wing of is a
.....
W L Pct.^ The Silver Mask,^ honorary fenc-
Illinois , 10 1 .090 ing fraternity, will give fencing inIndiana 8 3 .727 struction to all men students mterMinnesotd 8 4 .666 ested in learning to fence, beginning PURDUE 7 4 .636 at four o’clock Monday, February Wisconsin 7 4 .636 23. Following a month of insti'uclowa 7 4 .636 tion, thex’e will be a tournament for Northwestern 4 7 .363 all beginneis who have pot pai’ticiOhio State 1 9 .308 pated in one of the previous fencing Michigan 3 9 .250 tournaments. Medals will be awardChicago 0 13 .OQO ed to the winnei s of the tournament.
lOc
PAUL'S PLACE
10c
BEEF STEAK , , HOM8-MADE CHILI
BEEF BAIIB-Q PORK TENDERLOIN
Phone Z645
FURNAS ICE CREAM 216 W. Columbia St.
We Deliver
fX ^
These attractively decorated room;^ are avai]^l?le,,tQ the univeI^ity TRANSIENT GUESTS at any time. We are glad to accommodate you. Jhe. fijWdjUSL TyimifiAmL lAniotL The^ Cf^rnqr of thp Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
SHIRTS *1.39 PRINTS - BROADCLOTH I
While anti Asborletl Colors anti sleeve lengths. • INDESTRUCTIBLE COLLARS
TYBEST TIES Wrinkle-prool The lie of a perfect knot 55c - $1.00
Thieine & Wangeiid
G2S-6[!G Mail! UtrBBt
.., Northwestern forward topped the Wildcat scorers when they met the Boilermakers. With the the advantage of a home court, big, blonde Bud may prove especially dangerous. A great deal depends on whether the Riveters can stop Basse and his equally dangerous team-mate, Otto Graham. Captain Don Blanken will probably be the man that will cover Hasse. , „
BoUi
pengutb, Boilermaker swimming matches, went tp the Boife mentor, said to be, “The best all- jjy bai^aaser'lfie' lound high school swimming we’ve ermteam bad’Bo entries fii
had here yet. these twawei^j^cIaSBiflcialit^^ll^ Old Marks Shattered pouald cj^p clo^ The four new records set were in est match of aftetnoom Vie|n|:l^
the 100 yard free style, 200 yard Dnvia topped B&ve Allen
free style, the 100 yard breast aat epti^, lqf-R4!-3-.CQunii%nY<!al|f
stioke, and m the 159 yard medley exciting i^et. The margin of relay. Prichett of Wiley, Terre was. the Referee Grooms?'
Haute, bioke the old 100 mark of. fWe pomtstse Davis for-nLel||l'| 57.7 seconds with 66.8 seconds; Yelmer bad Allen in a puni^li ^ Stewart of Whiting replaced the hold-for bjetb»rthan-oi|e^nBhnte;?l^
old 220 flee style recold of 2:31.3, was upable to apply ihdt held by Keuhna of Central South ttft; hit of push necessary fo
Bend, with the new time of a:27:.8; opponent, a ‘ Quenett of Lew Wallace, Garyv re- Over In A ^ ‘ , placed the old 100 yai’d breast stroke Wgrren Qjegory did not«V^^
lecord of 1:12.2 with the new time any time- ih> disposing
of 1:11.8, Porter of Centiol, So. Morris Stem in theJt^'pojIpd
Bend finished this race just .1 of a ft wqs evident, frontffie second behind Quenett in 1:11'.9; al- match that it,was.just A
so record breaking time; and- the Gme until, Gregojjy fdtUjSi'the 150 yaid medley relay team of Lew mg that be needed to ebdtl^c? boilit
Wallace, Gary, consisting of Spiliac, When the opening dame
Quenett, and Mazlac set a new rec- struck wiflt lightnib^ s;^eed and^lfe
ord of 1:28.9 which replaced the old match was history. ^ mark held by Horace Mann of In the heaaiyweight boat Gaiy, of 1:30.3. Ruggied was the-epmprefe
The meet started at 10 o’clock ^ hjs.f^'jbouilri yesterday morning with the quali- from, one end 6f the flS^i fication heats. Twelve teams were other. The buzzer signifj^il^ entered in the meet which, igclgded ^ match must hayejb|i|| 147 individuals entered in lit) welcome sound to lyyj, events. Of these twelve teams, West ky tbaftiine fie hi^ ^enk^/ Lafayette and Crown Point failed tn eyepy punishing hdtdri|i to qualify any entrants leaving ten ® repe|f$)ire*s . '' teams in competition. Added Attractinn. _ ^ ‘m*"
Method of Selection Guach^ Rueefe In the qualifying events, each an added
man was timed, individually and the whm), Roft d^ia* SIX men with the fastest times were mned. Ed Wqjeieehowk^,. ot entered in the finals which took f’^^^WRsternlsais.^Roediad thifigs place in the afternoon session. Two much his own way thrbngk^ flights of diving were held in the matek and rode “Wbyjy” ffir morning, of which the seven top mpst of the mne, minutPS. _' peiforming divers weie entered in "fbe cpin^lete,match;supjmar^fPli the finals. Each man could enter I ' tivo events only. pound class—MacDonald
defeated Netherat,(J|).^^a;. U5 pound clAssr^Pu^ggicb defeated. WflUbnis'UPA foB-
1.5a pound
defeated stern (Nl^faU, 165 pound Glass4?Davis
feated Allen
EDGERTON< HDWB., INI?. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES
FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phpae 4354 We Delivejt
IPIV^VIIPI
We’ll put your clothes rig^t hack ia the fashion book looking fresh and perk. A good cleaning will restore colors to vie with any of spring’s popular hues, A good pressing will restore Beat linos.
Norlhwrstera at Vine
Phone 1081
176 pound dps—i;^h0y feated 'Ebomp^on ‘(Fh ^ Heavyweight—Rug0eri feated Ivy tNdd^iq^ ,^ ' (Qontinued from, 5 > with 12 points on:^ fours bas^kj^i^d four free thmws. The of less than LOOP persons.'9aid|ld the game with Jlthe. ajpusipg Ip'om theft; two occasions to give a sCdt booing effect. PURDUE (51) Sprovtl, f Tiorno, f te” Slanken. g (C) Lawion, g Polk, g Caresb, g A^ma^
Totals
CHICAGO (27) Wagenberg. f Van Etten, f
Nelson
Zimmecmaii, f Ions, c (X) Fogel. c Crosbie. g Oakley, g I Krakawku. g LiCton, g
Totals
mm mi9l0' N Nu crtr^TA CHOW MIIN — CMdr ,, 40ft CelmiifiiA Si. ' -
GREtTlR^ GAIt0$ AIA <K<h|iSIONS. Hir >-
' t
15|^TvrPf«VHc
„ -_ A. \ Purdue Exponent
^ <f T fj-v ^ 1
'i‘
! ■) I, ^ ^ Sunday^ February 22, 1942
University Calendar February 22-28, 1942
Sunday, February 22 ^\’ashll1ptonV ^uthdav S.OO PM —Sunday Music Hall Senes — Bomai Ciamei Hall ol Music
Monday, February 23
12 00 nooii3 00 P M - 4 00 P M - 6 10 PM7 00 PM 7 00 P M - 7 30 P M - 8 00 P M - 8 00 P M
9 00 A M - 10>00 AM300 P ]\I - 4 00 P M - 4 00 P M - 6 30 P M - 7 30 P M - 7 30 P M - 7 30 P M - 8 00 AM 6 30 PM 7 00 PM 7 30 PM 7 30 P M • 7 30 P M 7 30 P M
3 00 P M - 4 00 P M - G 45 P M ■ 7 15 P M7 30 P M - 7 ,0 PM 7 30 P 31 - 7 30 P M - 8 00 P M -
8 00 A M • 4 00 P M - 4 30 P M - G 30 P M - 7 50 P M - 7 30 P M ■ 0 00 P M -
8 00 A M ■ 7 30 P M -
8 30 P M ■ 8 30 P 31. 9 00 PM 9 30 PM
-Agi icultural Staff Luncheon -Gold Pepper Interviews -Union Committee -Chambei of Commcice Banquet -Polk Dancing -P I A Dance Choi us -Puidue Blanch—Ameiican Socicti of SciVn AVoikeis -Giaduate Dames Lectuie -Rcamcis Meeting j.
East Paculti Lounge Room 261, Union ^ Room 305, Union Room 263, Union Towel Union Rms 356 363, Union Lectui e Rm , Chem Bldp West Faculty Lounge Room 304, Union
Long Will Play... (Continued fiom page 1) at the age of five, Johnny lost the dexteiity of the fingeis in his left hand in a fitak accident when he was bitten by a pet pig Studied At Duke He began his musical stuciy' and jCaicei in classical music and con tinned it as such until his ficshman ^ea^ at Duke Univeisity, whcie he oiganized a campus band to finance his way thiough school Mcmbeis of the oiiginal band still foim the nucleus of his piescnt oigani/ation Most leccnt lecogintion of his abilitj came when he was selected to play foi the Piesident’s Biithday Ball in Washington, D C He has also played at the New Yoikei in New Yoik, the Chase Hotel in St Louis and the Cople^ Pla/a Hotel in Boston
Tuesday, February 24
Room 263, Union
-Read\-Alixed Conciele Confei dice -National Confei c nee ot Catholic Leadcis -Gold Peppei Inteiviews -Committee on State of Univei sitj -Student Union Tea Dance -Readj Mixed Conci ete Con ference Dinnei -Chiistian Science Oigan
ization
-Camera Club Round o All Campus Discussion Contest -A S M E Meeting
Room 212, Union Room 2G1, Union Room 263, Union Noith Ballioom, Union East Faculty Lounge, Union Room 303, Union Room 304, Union Rms 110 and 207, ME Bldg
Wednesday, February 25 —Ready Mixed Conciete
Confei ence
—Gi idiron Banquet -Ceitification Inspectois
Tiaining
—Maiiiage Couise -Kappa Psi Meeting —A I E E Meeting —Giaduate Dames Fust Aid
Classes
Civil Engineeiing Bldg South Ballioom Union
Room 104, Ag Hall Rms o02 304, Union Room 30], Union Room 264 EE Bldg
Notices
Diuon Worker*! I*uUcnnfr Shop (omnnl 111 will meet tuinoriow in loom 30u ol llic Un on at t 1 i m
REPVLS
ScriA oners Mkitinj, ioni^,ht Tt 30 ni in loom 26i of tht Union GucstK inMUd
RIEGLF
Lndcrirr'idualc Dnnieb Fiimnl initntion will In held Tuosd \ Itb 21 \i I inpoln T o Iprc nt JO p m Pkast cill r5022 for icsirNations Those not hTvinj tnnsporti lion mc(t Tt p ni in niTii loiinKt of th Union Bt prompt
VOLMCR
ConAo Ushers I h( following. ptojilc pica'll meet mt in the upstuis lobb\ of the Mnsic Hill t 2 1) p m sure Colhstci Nolbon Mtiictl B) tki I\ Goodemot Rod t,ci Stalliivs Cuthne and H i7ar 1 DLUSTl R Cummittec Mcctinfr Hillci WoiltiA Mi tin Stallings Minci S n v\s Stnci Inch b Sin I r C Snvdci I twis Km mdv Burkil Bi ok Fcit, isoi Bt \\ 11 s Mcil Mond i> at 1 1 p m in Uni i Office WEBFR and LFWfS
Union Workers Important meeting of the woikshop and ntoicroOm workers to morrow in the Union office Hutchins Hay dch Guthrie Uciiman Sthiekje Collier Bishop Hyman McKnight Lcbci Tucker Be there
WORT
Triton Club Pled^mK will he held in women H pool 1 uosday at 30 p m Old members au rcqUiied to attend KRAEPELILN YWCA Social Service Group Im poitant mtftini? luesdiiv at 4 15 p m at Mrs F B Knijyhts on Terry Lane Call im at ■'roTj foi diieetions to fret there ^ McCRARY Alpha Phi Omern Meitmi, Fuesdav 1(1) 24 at / 10 p m in loom 307 of thi Unun Ski| pci Wilson amH speak SIGLER AH I ormcr ScuuIh Skippti Wilson will ^peak at an open mrttitif, of Alph i Phi Om fra luesday Ftb 24 at < 10 p m in r()( m 30 of Ihi Union You nu also in\it(d to attend SIGLLR Union Workers Mietinj? if liii Dance and Swin„ Session Committee m Union off lie Monday Peb 23 at 4 p m Chap man Baumer Goodemote Stumbaiif,h Pin jrry Walhllick Mcnefie Hafrtmir Bushj Girdtn r Dittman Rodt.ci*'' Thompson McQuislon MacDon ild DULSTI R Thu Bela Pi Miitim, Wednsdiy 1 eb 2( in room 212 of Union at 1 JO p m for ill members Discussion of spniip: pltcltrinfr methi ds MUNGI R Tail Bela Pi Interview Boards Short meeiinp: Monday Itb 2^ in room 2J2 of Union at 4 JO p m ^11 interMCwers please rnnf,e to bt present munglu ML 10 Make Up exams Txamuiutions t> unuve C and I kiadt"' in Ml* 10 will be e.i%cn baturinj Mirth 14 at I pm m room 101 of th ML buildin Plcnsi notifv me if interested —GBIGl R Society of Automotive Eiiffineers All members (bsnin-K to obtain ollice in the SAP ncNt year should come to the mcetiiifr in loom OJ Union binldinfr at JO Fliurs d ij I(b 2) Jhis IS a new vstem and all mt M st d m ml is should be theie to ^ivc th ir M wp lints and to make nominations
KEIL
WAA Pinjr Ponir bust round of tourna ment must be plajed otf by Wednesday Foi) luaiv 25 The followimr frirls are scheduled t( plaj Beck Vh Ileekart Shill vs louts Witerbiny vs Meiiwei Evans vs Brack man I austich vs Tones Williamson \s Blanl Mill r v Schuber Bl idshaw vs I Old Wampler a*' Bower Menncn vs Ver Ho \en Buerf,lti (13) vs CTmpboll Kin elall vs Rosoncian SCHUBER AVAA Shiifflehoard In t iitind ef tout namt^nt must bi j lined otf l> Wednesdnv T eb ^ Ihe followinf. frirls iie schcdiil d t pUn Hi f. % Bower VeiHoeven vs louts KencliH vs Schuber Tones vs Mei lev SCHUBER
ASMC Members Thct^n will bo a closed meetinir next Tuesday, leb 24 at 7 30 in th( evening in room 207 of the M E build ing Those members wishing to go must obtain tickets by presenting their menlbirship cards in fho M E office before Satin day noon Feb 21 Pits and movies will be in order J, ~~ lOPiNKA ASME Deadline for membership in ASML this year will be I ridny Maich 0 Membership blanks arc available m the M L office - lOPlNKA Independent Staff Reservations, for statr banquet are due in the Independent ' offici by Wednesday Fob 25 Signify whetlui you are bringing a date Any om not making i reservation will be left
out
SMULLVIl/: NYA Workers NYA thecks foi period ending Iib 7 ire now ivailiilile at llie Cashiers office in the L\eculive buildirif HOLLLNSBL lencers All men students infe resled in learning to fence report to the third floor of the fiei(lhou>5t Mondin leb 23 at 1 p m Society of Automotive Engineers Will all membcis who hav alrendv joined th society please sign the list on the SAl bulletin board in the ante motive labora tor> We need vi ur names addresse ind phi ne numbeis to comiilete oui reeords KEH
Buy Defense Savings Stamps
Classified Ads
Typcwrltcra—Adding Alnefiiiies all inakeii Bold renltd repaired and pun hosed Mime ©graph work done t T 1 berahoff, 606 Mom Lafayette Phono 277) Vocal lessons Posit vtly no class lesson because pupils get little lebults Piivate instruction only I guirantee rcsullH to inceu pipils Audition free Edwnid Frank Studio Lahr He tel I’hone 1055 Lost Small heavy gold ring llistei pe irl bcttinr C ill Jean F isbiuicht 811J 33J
Rcwaid
1 ound Alpha Ghi Sif,ma pin in Chem and Met Building Call Bill Bell 5071 Lost Scabbard and Bl ule key 5021 Rewaid Chas Yate
TRBU Sinouldding TABU—licaih, >wlliy li.igiaiiK- tv< nnioic disUuhuig when woiii on gowiib oi luia whcie It icmaina loi (hns—even wcks Ami now >ou no longci have to wait loi «oniconc to liiing yoiu pic(lous JABU fioni iMcxito, Cuba oi Spain—wc have It hcic I he Paifuin SI 75 (ham, Cologne li] 7543 00
Sonthwoi th’s
Room _>02, CliE Bldg
Thursday, February 26
-Screen Review -M icstliiig -M intci Couibc Societ\ -Riding Club -Chiistian Student Fellow ship Sigma Xi Open Lectuie -Camela Club -P I A Choi us -Music and Fiench Section Musical
Hall of Music Ficldliousc Assembh Rm A,; Room 105, Union
Hill
Room 307 Union Rm 211 Stanlc^ Loultn Hall Room 304 Union Towel, Union Fast Facultj Lge , Union
Friday, February 27 -Noithein Indiana Foicst File School Room 117 Hoit Bldg -Wai Lectuie Eliza Fowlei Hall -Cosmopolitan Club Room 304, Union -Skull and Ciescent Dinnei East Faculty Lounge,
Union
-Mixed Reel cation Womens GMiinasium -Intel flaternlt^ Fellowship Room 307, Union -Sophomoie Cotillion Both Balhooms, Union Saturday, February 28 -Freshman Lecture Hall of Music -CONVOCATION — Purdue Musical Oiganiza
tions
-Union Mixei -Kappa Delta Rho Dance -Pi Beta Phi Dance -Hillcl Foundation Dance
Hall ol Music
South Ballioom Union
Chaptci House
NoithBalhoom Union
Room 363 Union
Flayshop Puts ... (Continued fiom page 1) adventuie Jn a fiu tiatcd love al fan the gill manies the poet and the5 settle down on the faim An drew leaves the laim and ti.ivel aiouiid the woild, dining which he acquiies wealth b^ speculation on the wheat maikct in Aigentina In the meantime the lai m goes to laek and luin and Robcit loses his health
Andiew i etui ns lust in time loi his Inothei s deith and the gill havin„ lealized hei giave mistake, find" hei tiue love to he Aneliew ,1
KEEP YOUR HOME NEAT AND ATTRACTIVE WITH ACE PAINTS FIXTURES — HARDWARE John Sperb Hdwe. 822 24 Mam St
MUSIC Is the First Line DEFENSE of Civilian Morale
RECORDS in ALBUMS A Complete Selection of • Opeiatic • Sweet Swing • Jaz^ Classics AT THE. RECORD SPOT
I BOOK mii'Pir Slum
First in QUALITY— First in POPULARITY-
CROWN CLEANING SERVICE Crown Cleaned Clolliess are jirolecled againsl niulli damage by MOIMTE inolhprooi proce'ss. I I iQM lAUrJilRV
Top of llie Ilill
GOT IT? Well Hurry Up and GET IT!
Before the Price Rise to $5.50, MARCH 6th 1942 DEBRIS
The Way to Cut Expenses and Increase Sales Is to Advertise in the
PURDUE EXPnMMT
' I
‘ c J i 4 i