i ' ' V > 4 1 ' < • I i' ,.
^7- ^ ^
*f^ •? -"' '/
-^'J- .L <
1,^
it t
PirJie Trips Ohio Stole 12-0
Purdue Exponent
SUNDAY^
November 6.1938
Lafayette, Indiana
Vol. 50 No. 47
Harvard 43 Chicago 13
Michigan 19 Pennsylvania 13
Wisconsin 20 Northwestern 13
Indiana 0 Boston 14
Minnesota 28 towaO
Notre Dame 15 Navy 0
The Week’s NEWS
Prof. O. F. Hall...
WASHINGTON U. S. Treasury . . . ... officials announced late this week that a deficit of $1,139,537,782 had been incurred during the first four months of the fiscal year. Total amount spent was $2,980,684,945. A $331,500,439 increase in spending and a doubling of the deficit over last year’s records for the same period are attributed almost entirely to WPA. Returns . . . ... of Tuesday’s elections will be thoroughly examined for any trends that may give hints as to the outcome of the 1940 presidential campaign. Ohio’s elections will occupy the limelight as both party’s members say that state’s electoral controversy is one in which the agricultural Mid-west meets the industrial east. To date, Ohio is predicted to be “very close” politically. Maladministration . . . ... by the National Labor Relations Board is the reason given by AF of L President William Green for his insistence that the Wagner Labor Act be altered. Said the NLRB, “We don’t think the act needs amendment.” Backing Green is the United State’s Chamber of Commerce and Donald R. Richberg, former NRA administrator. Japan’s Claims . . . ... to exclusive economic and political interests in China were bluntly rejected Friday by the U. S. America is backed by Britain, France, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Portugal. Rumor has it that the United States is canvassing interested European powers for cooperation in the economic “Quarantine” of Japan.
Harold Triggs, Joseph Lautner Play, Sing In Eliza Fowler Hall At 4 This Afternoon
... of the education and applied phsychology department, returned yesterday from Lexington, Ky., at which place he spoke before two associations assembled there during the past week, the American Country Life A^ssociation, and the Rural Sociologists.
Prominent pianist Harold Triggs and tenor Joseph Lautner will give a recital this afternoon at 4 p. m. in Fowler Hall. Presented by the music room committee as one of the regular features, this promises to be the high point in the music room series. Joseph Lautner is head of the Arthur Jordan School of Opera and former tenor soloist with the Boston Symphony orchestra. He has proven himself to be one of the better tenors of the country in numerous recent recitals. Harold Tirggs has played with the New York Philharmonic and Detroit Symphony orchestras and been solo pianist on both the Ford and the General Motors broadcasts. He is at present a member of the faculty of the Bush Conservatory in Chicago.
Cast Of 33 Chosen For Annual Black And Tan Fantasy
Dr. Victor Heiser Speaks Tuesday At Third Convo
BUSINESS World Cotton Supply . . . . . . totals more than fifty million bales, the annual report from the Bureau of Agriculture Economics states this week. The bureau reports that the United States cotton crop will make up more than half of the world’s supply. Foreign outlook with respect to cotton production is uncertain, as current prices offer the possibility that many countries may turn to other enterprises providing more financial return. The bureau also predicts that the 1939 United States crop will be considerably less—a direct result of low prices prevailing at present. A Wage Cut . . . ... of fifteen per cent for nearly (Continued on page 2)
Thirty-three students have been chosen to fill the cast of this year’s Union Thanksgiving Show, the Black and Tan Fantasy, Student Union officials announced last evening. Clark Langworthy will head the cast in the role of “Mr. Interlocutor.” Directly under him will be the four end men. Bill Dunshee, Bill Benjamin, Benny Burns, and Stubby Meier. These boys will star at “crack the quip” during the Turkey Day exhibition. High steppers chosen for posts in the pony chorus consisted mainly of freshmen as the final list included Virginia Deihl, Barbara Stocker, Lois Simpson, Ruth Bennett, Patti i Roesch, Jane Caldwell, Victoria Ann Milea, and Jayne Williams. Chorus Of 20 Paul Worcester, in charge of the singing tryouts announced that vocal presentations will be handled by a chorus of 20, including Jeanne Beemer, Peg Davis, Marjorie Patrick, Marjory Williamson, Kay Howell, Virginia Hoadly, Mollie Harding, Phyllis Shake, Martha Whitehead, Janet Avery, Henry Amt, George Hutton, Ted Etherington, Robert Bauman, Marvin Smith, Jim Chase, Gerhardt Kellner, Lytle Small, Bob Skinner, and Hubert Pogue. Union show committee, composed of Marge Stocker, Jim Ashton, Bob Kany, and Dave Brubeck, said last night that special dancers would.be announced at a later date. Irvan Maury’s orchestra will play for the presentation.
Speaking on “More of a Doctor’s Odyssey,” Dr. Victor Heiser, author and world traveler, will address the student body at the third convocation of the years, Tuesday evening, November 8, at 8 o’clock in Memorial Gymnasium. Dr. Heiser received his AB degree from the University of the State of New York and his M. D. from the Jefferson Medical College in Philadelphia. Following graduation he entered the United States Marine Hospital Service and was sent first to Europe to study emigration. Next he was transferred to Egypt to study the plague. He served as director of health in the Phillippines for 10 years, and acted as a director of the International Health Division of Rockefeller Foundation until his resignation four years ago.
Display Art Collection In Union Music Room
By RoUo
i “Those formerly in doubt as to the educational value of senior inspection trips, are now thoroughly convinced of the necessity of the trips,” concluded H. E. Burkhardt ^ and L. E. Armstrong, chemicals, as they arrived home just in time to leave for other points. “The education you must take for the gospel truth; the value is unlimited.” First of the senior chemicals arrived from Detroit, Mich., (the home # of Ford and Hiram Walker) yesterday afternoon at 6:36 p. m. Enthusiasm for the trip was unanimous
among the bus load. Spending yesterday from 9 to 11 a. m. in Greenfield Village, Detroit, the boys then boarded a bus at 11, ate dinner in Toledo and rode directly to Purdue ending a full week with no let down. One continuous poker game, from Lafayette to Detroit, is the record set by one bus load of chemicals. Lodging at the hotel Detroiter, the boys wqre very well taken care of and permitted to retire at any hour. Distillery First Hi-lite opinions varied considerably. Trucker’s convention, with a free lunch, attracted many of the
Joseph Lautner...
Original etchings, lithographs, and woodcuts by the American Artists Group Inc., will be on exhibit in the music room of the Union today until Wednesday. This group of some 40 art works has been loaned through the courtesy of the Foster Shop.
Wednesday the Camera Club will put up an exhibit of their pictures in the music room replacing those of the American Artists Group.
ChE's Enthusiastic About Detroit Trip
Harold Triggs...
. . . will be co-featured in a Music Room recital at 4 p. m. today in Eliza Fowler HalL
250 Students Meet At Science Session
Attended by 250 high school students, the annual meeting of the Indiana Junior Academy of Science, presided over by David Williams, president of the Sciemus Club of Valparaiso, was held on the campus yesterday. Outstanding event of the meeting was an address by Mrs. Marguerite Baumgartner on “A College Girl’s Adventures as a Naturalist on the Barren Grounds of the Arctic.”
boys. A side-light has it that the group visiting the convention were not present at the next morning’s tour, but were ready for the afternoon visit to the Hiram Walker plant. Hiram’s modern plant will be remembered by a few of the boys? Book Casino, exclusive night club of Detroit, attracted the boys with the right Michigan connections. Souvenirs are at a premium price among the lucky few who succeeded. The motley conglomeration varies from non-drinking posters to a pyramid shaped Book Casino ad.
Brock. DeWitte Score As Riveters End Jinx
By Bob McDonald, Sports Editor
OHIO STADIUM, Columbus, Ohio, Nov. 5—^After f^ng to score a point in six previous battles with the Ohio State Buckeyes, the battling Boilermakers succeeded in destroying a long standing jinx here today by downing an alert, hard fighting. Crimson clad squad, 12 to 0, before 64,000 thrill-crazed spectators. The Purdue gridmen crossed the goal line twice in the final quarter of a close contest to win. Playing its best brand of football of the season, the Purdue eleven used everything in its long bag of tricks to subdue Francis A. Schmidt’s razzle dazzlers. With the fast Boilermaker line consistently breaking up the baffling Ohio offensive formations before the ball carriers could reach the line of scrimmage, it appeared early in the contest that it was only a matter of time before the speedy Purdue backs would be able to break loose for that long awaited touchdown.
STARTING LINEUP Purdue Pos. Ohio Thursby. LE . Batrschy Mihal LT Schoebaum Bykowsky . . LG .Gales Morningstar C Maags Maloney RG . Smith Timperman RT Kaplanoff Mackiewicz.. RE Lohr Hennis QB ... Kabealo Brown LH ... Strausbaugh Byelene . . . RH . . Zadworney Ippolito FB ... . Langhurst Substitutions — Purdue: ends — Rankin, Abbott, Britt, Krause; tackles—Potter, Rossi, Vergane; guards—Winchell, Johnson; center — Humphrey; backs — Nesbitt, Brock, Montague, DeWitte, Juska, Tycocki. Ohio State: ends — Sarkkinen, Clair; tackles — Aleskus, Bolser, Smith; guards—Nosker, Hofmayer, Marino, Tobik; center—Andreko; backs — Fordham, Scott, Sexton, Bullock, Welbaum.
Game Siatistics OHIO STATE PURDUE Total First Downs 5 10 Net Yards Gained By Rushing 116 245 Forward Passes Attempted 18 7 Forward Passes Completed 5 3 Forward Passes Intercepted By 0 3 Yards Gained By Passing 45 22 Net Yards Gained Rushing and Passing 161 267 Average Distance Of Punts 43 45% Yards Gained Return Of Punts And Kickoffs 134 102 Fumbles By 4 3 Own Fumbles Recovered 1 0 Opponent’s Fumbles Recovered 3 3 Grand Total Of Net Yards Gained 290 339
In the last period the deciding break came, when “Languid Lou” Brock, playing the best game of his career, broke loose on a wide end run, and behind splendid'interference, carried the ball from his own 33 to the Ohio State 21. Inspired/ by this beautiful play and magnetized by the proximity of the ever beckoning goal line, the Boilermakers lost no time in getting the ball across the final marker for the first points to be scored by any Purdue team in the Ohio stadium. Not satisfied with this single touchdown, the Boilermaker squad __ marched on in the closing minutes CjQTW A SUEttlUCirV' of the contest and with only 54 seconds left to play sent Fullback Leon DeWitte over the center of the line First Quarter for the second Boilermaker tally. The entire Purdue squad showed Byelene returns Maag’s kick from the best form of the year, and they ^ the Purdue^ 23. completely outplayed the Buckeyes ^ during the last half of the contest. "P ^ yards. Byelene cuts trough But it was not an easy victory, for guard to Purdue 31. Brown’s the fiashy Crimson squad was con- ^rom Purdue 20 roUs over go^ tinually on the alert and matched Strausbaugh cute through Boilermaker speed with an equally and goes down to the fast and deceptive offense. f’- Strausbaugh fumbles and Mom- „ ,. , ingstar recovers on the Ohio 36. For this reason the Boilermaker „n a reine, hard working, fast and enth ^ ^ incomparable drive must be given „ ,, ... TTr.?, . kicks over the goal line, the majority of the credit. Without its demoralizing anihilation of the Zadworney on a reverse gains famous Ohio State razzle dazzle five yards. Byelene returns Eaformations, the splendid game bealo’s kick to Purdue 46. Ippolito might well have ended in another spins through center .for five yards, scoreless effort for the Gold and Brown cute through right tackle and Black. goes to the Ohio 43 and first down. Byelene through left tackle picks BIG TEN STANDING up five yards. Ippolito on a reverse W L T P OP P^cks up four yards through center. Minnesota 3 1 0 31 12 " Brown fails to make first down. Wisconsin 3 1 0 64 39 Zadworney gains five yards off left Michigan...- 2 1 0 65 14 ^^ackle. Kabealo kicks to Byelene PURDUE 1. 2 1 1 25 14 returns to the Purdue 30. Ohio State 2 1 1 48 19 Brown laterals to Brock for gain Northwestern 2 1 1 32 23 of 8 yards. Brock i smashing left Illinois ..._ 1 2 0 12 29 tackle fumbles and^he ball is reIowa _... 1 2 1 40 59 covered by Kaplanoff for Ohio on Indiana 0 3 0 2 24 the Purdue 31. Fordham fumbles Chicago 0 3 0 28 114 (Continued on page 3)
Cats Cram Ballroom
Kicking, swinging, bouncing, twisting, weaving their way about the front of the Union ballroom, crammed to the limit, campus “jitterers” gave their best for a howling swing mad audience last night at the weekly jam session. Starting with a rather weak turnout of two couples, the band began to open up, the music waxed hotter and hotter and couples in the audience came forward one by one until navigation about the hardwood square increased in difficulty. Even many of the local “Joes” feeling the urge to show their heels came trucking up to start an individual contest as well as the originally scheduled event.
After several numbers, the winning swingsters were chosen by
the applause of the crowd. By an overpowering ovation. Miss Eleanor Smith, local girl, and H. R. Knai^ of Washington, D. C., swung into/the lead. When asked after the bout whether they were “pooed” they replied “no, no, no, no, we’re rarin ’to go.” Coming in second were Kay Snyder and Collins Burton who had only danced together once before. Third were Mary Rather and J. R. Storms, both of Buffalo, New York, and fourth were Virginia Diehl and K. G. Hokanson. Winner of the individual contest was Bob Holstein of New York, '«irho when questioned about the contest replied “These boys from Indiana sure have plenty on the baU.” Bennie Burns acted as master of ceremonies for the event.
a
i^dUbafdeJ
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
NEWS of the WEEK
Cinema Cueii
(Continued from page 1) I, 000,000 railroad workers has been cancelled according to an announcement made Friday by President J. J. Pelley of the Association of American Railroads. Pelley telegrammed President Roosevelt that “the railroads are cancelling their proposed cut not because they agree with the fact finding board, but because they realize the gi-avity of the situation and are seeking a sounder transportation policy for the country.” British Military ... . . . authorities, in the current issue of United Services Review, leading military periodical, say that the United States Navy possesses the best cruisers in the world. SPORTS Sea Biscuit ... . . . the year’s Cinderella horse, wrote the most dramatic chapter in his rags to riches story Tuesday by leaving supposedly unbeatable War Admiral struggling far behind in their long awaited match race at Pimlico track, Baltimore, Md. San Francisco owner, Charles S. Howard’s ’Biscuit won $15,000 Champion ’Biscuit got two tender caiTOts, one rub down. Husky Jimmy Foxx ... . . . hard-hitting first baseman of American League’s Boston Red Sox, accomplished baseball’s individual feat number one last week by amassing 305 points out of 336 possible, in the Baseball Writers’ Association poll to win the 1938 most valuable player award in the junior circuit. Foxx is the first triple award winner. New York Yankee Catcher William Dickey was conceded second place with 196 points. Ernie “Schnozola” Lombardi, classy Cincinnati Red catcher, led 36 National League top-notchers in the writers’ poll, copped 225 points as the most valuable player in the senior league. Lombardi became Cincinnati, Ohio’s first performer to win the coveted award. FOREIGN British Prime Minister ... ... Neville Chamberlain this week demanded Parliamentary approval of his friendship pact with Premier Mussolini. This sanction would allow Chamberlain to continue in his search for general European satisfaction. The Spanish war is “no longer a menace to the peace of Europe,” declared the Prime Minister. He said he had “most definite assurances” from both Mussolini and Hitler that they want no part of Spanish territory. Arab Demonstrations . . . .. . against British policies in Palestine are spreading northward to French-controlled Lebanon and Syria. Fifteen persons were wounded and 40 arrested this week in clashes with police at Beirut, capitol of Lebanon. Mobs of Arabs overturned streetcars and, automobiles, tossed firecrackers in shops which failed to close their doors, and broke up a funeral procession — burning the cofiin in a public square—^because the hearse bore inscriptions praising friendship between Arabs and British. Polish-Czech Frontier . . . . . . disputes were ended this week when it was announced that the two
ARC
TODAY - MONDAY
governments had agreed on their common border, with only slight rectification necessary before signing formal treaties. The border in Silesia will be. decided by November 15, and the governments will finish mapping the Slovak border before November 30. WAR Spanish Insurgent ... ... armies reported strong advances Thursday and claimed the fourmonth campaign on the Ebro river front had entered its “final phase.” Insurgent headquarters said a steady forward drive of troops, headed by airplanes, penetrated the government defenses to within a mile of the Ebro at some points. Loyalist front-line dispatches said the insurgents had made repeated attacks after prolonged artillery and aviation bombardment, but that their “slight” advances were made at the cost^f thousands of casualties. Dispatches did not admit that main government positions had been taken. Japanese Troops . . . . . . smashing through China’s first major defenses above newly-cap-tured Hankow Thursday took possession of Puchi, strategic point 80 miles down the Hankow-Canton railroad. Japan landed more troops early this week on the South China coast at Futsing, 30 miles south of Foochow, provincial capital of Fuklin. Indications show the Japs intent on controlling the few principal coastal cities still remaining in Chinese hands, such as Foochow and Swatow. Loss of Canton without a major struggle and the “strategic” surrender of Hankow last week has given impetus to a Chinese peace faction, but Generalissimo Chiang KaiShek counters this with an outline of three principles of his planned warfare: 1. Prolonged resistance. 2. Nation-wide resistance. 3. Assumption of the initiative by choosing battlefields. Chiang is training a new army of 300,000 recruits in Szechwan province to fight alonside 400,000 welldrilled Szechwanese in renewed hopes of stopping the invading Japanese. Japan Bluntly ... ... announced to the world Wednesday that she planned a “new order” in East Asia, intending to create a political and economic bloc consisting of the Japanese empire, Manchukuo, and China in carrying out her “immutable policy” for Asiatic reconstruction after war with China. The declaration was issued in commemoration of Thursday’s national holiday, birthday of Emperor Meiji, grandfather of Emperor Hirohito and considered the founder of modern Japanese empire.
By Betty Wickard Bob Burns, sage of Van Buren, Arkansas, is at his engaging best in “The Arkansas Traveler,” which will take over the screen of the Lafayette theater today. As the fighting editor of a local newspaper. Bob uses the opportunity to win over the community with his homely philosophy. Fay Bainter is the valiant widow who seeks his aid. Irvin S. Cobb is the sheriff, Jean Parker and John Beal furnish the love interest. —C-C— Marx Brothers moved in at the New Main last night in their newest and daffiest hit, “Room Service,” based on the Broadway success of the same name. Groucho is a harassed theatrical .^oducer who has run up a huge bill at the Broadway hotel and promises to pay in full as soon as he can find a backer for his new play. Chico and Harpo are aides in hilarity and Lucille Ball is the show’s prospective star. The feature will be shown until Tuesday —C-C— Golden voiced Deanna Durbin becomes infatuated with Melvyn Douglas in “That Certain Age,” to be shown at the MarS through Wednesday. Jackie Cooper as “the other man,” finds it hard to compete with a romantic war correspondent. Three popular numbers and two classical songs round out Deanna’s repertoire in this picture. —C-C— “Three Blind Mice,” a delightfully romantic tale of three Kansas farmerettes who crashed the Beverly Hills smart set, gambling their $5,000 inheritance in a plot to catch rich husbands, will be screened at the Luna today and tomorrow. “Shopworn Angel,” well-loved romance of the tarnished beauty and the idealistic doughboy, will be played by Margaret Sullavan and James Stewart at the Luna, Tuesday and Wednesday. “Fast Company,” a comedy starring Melvyn Douglas and Florence Rice Will complete the bill. —C-C— Jackie Cooper stars in “Boy of the Streets,” the story of a child of the slums who loved the streets better than a decent home, which will double with “Everybody’s Doing It^” a comedy with Preston Foster and Sally Eilers at the Arc today and tomorrow. Victor Moore stages a hilarious campaign for mayor in “This Marriage Business,” a comedy romance which will .be shown at the Arc, November 8 and 9. “Gun Law,” a thrill-packed western starring Geo. O’Brien, will complete the bill.
SOME... ... of the drunks last night were obviously spending the money they had saved for those Military Ball tickets which didn’t come through. Great stuff, downing a glass of stuff with the idea “Here I am, drinking a corsage.” Well, it was a good idea, anyway. WHILE STILL ... ... on the subject of potent beverages (or were we?), a recent survey shows that while beer makes you fat, ale will make you lean. Mebbe, but it makes most of the indulgers we know fall right down. HEARD AT PIA TEA DANCE . . “Do you have this waltz?” ‘^Oh-h-h-h NO !” “Good. Hold my cigar while I dance.” SPEAKING OF ... . . . the typical absent-minded professor, Dr. Martin of the chemistry department takes all honors along those lines. He instructedl Fred Hoover, one of his assistants, to phone his wife ^d ask her to call for him at 12:15. Mrs. Martin was willing to carry out her husband’s wishes, but asked Fred to please do her a favor and remind Dr. Martin that he had driven the car that morning. A BUILDUP— “How fat she was! She used to wasn’t. The reason is She daily doesn’t.” ANY REDHEADED ... . . . boys, preferably red-headed boys with blue eyes, are requested to call VIRGINIA at 6014 after Monday. The gal is yearning for such a lad, and., would like to find one who can sing too . . . but only the red hair is essential. NO FOOTBALL . . . . . . game next week-end, no pep sessions either. The University is looking after the welfare of the eds. The officials realize what the Indiana co-eds will do to our female starved eds. So they are getting them built up for the occasion. Mob psychology. ODE TO OUR COEDS I sipped the sweet nectar from her lips.
RKO RADIO PICTURI
AND
America's greatest young star. . . will steal your heart again! "BOYS of the STREETS' ALSO SHORT SUBJECT
UMA SUNDAY-MONDAY
The year’s entertainment
delight!
bumi> MCE with >AVID NIVEN STUART ERWIN MARJORIE WEAVER PAULINE MOORE BINNIE BARNES Jane darwell
He’ll Walk Right Into the Heart of America!
THE PICTURE: HE’SAL WAYS ^ WANTED TO PLAY.
MANSIS MVlUit FAY BAINTER JOHN BEAL JEAN PARKER LYLE TALBOT IRVINS.COBB DICKIE MOORE
— plus PHIL SPITALNY'S HOUR OF CHARM'
■ttAN
PICTORIAL
Starts TODAY MBivKna
Sunday, November 6, 1938
Ah
J
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lickfty
4
#1^1
i
9-1?
IV
1938 by United Feature Syndicate^
‘Confidentially, these big figures don’t mean a thing—you just get better service this way !”
As under the moon we sat, And I wondered if any other sap, Had drunk from a mug like that.
As a parting shot we sling at you the “pome” of the week— “ Adanca A data Perchanca Out lata
Food statisticians have estimated that University of Minnesota freshmen, at their annual bean feed, will consume 95,000 beans, and 900 of the frankfurters.
A classa A quiza No passa Gee whizza.”
FAMOUS LAST LINE: School is what most people go to in order to take their minds off their romances. Pi Kappa Phi... . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of C. J. Newhagen, Oak Park, 111.
Oregon State College has areas painted on its sidewalks to indicate where students may light cigarettes and where they may throw them away.
hiAm NOW PLAYING A handsome man of the world in a tight squeeze . . . when he became a determined young lady's first crush!
That CMMIJV uKpim JJi iJfJO with MELVYN DOUGLAS Jackie Cooper Irene Rich NancyCarrolI JohnHalHday Jackie Searl Juanita Quigley
A
NOW SHOWING
T
i
laugh sensation
I
IT'S A FIRST RUN MOVIE QUIZ PICTUREHI Stmdlccy# November 6. 1938
TH^ FUBDUB
EXPONENT
' ....choice
By Bruce Witwer
Trumpeter Wakes Late, Flies To Ohio
So Sure...
Upsets all over the place in this week’s grid annals and Purdue also added its share of glory to the list ... no second half rally this time but a hard fought game all of the way... yesterdays game was by far the best we have seen so far this year . . . enough action to keep anyone in a hysteria of excitment^for 60 playing minutes. —fc— Boilermakers showed off their defensive strength in the needed moments and then went on to sparkle offensively and outplay the conference championship-bound Buckeyes . . . “Champion Killers” as the WIRE radio announcer aptly put it ... in all but last week’s game Purdue has done better than the pre-game dopesters predicted. They just won’t give the Riveters enough credit. —^fc—
Believe it or not, this time the alarm clock really was to blame. Wayne Haase, freshman trumpeter in the band, slept through his alarm and missed the 5 a. m. train carrying students to the football game. What was there to do? If Wayne did not get to Columbus, band formations would be balled up and a gaping hole would be left in the marching line up.
In his confusion as to where to turn, Wayne called the depot, the bus station, students who were going to the game, and finally in desperation, the airport. Finding a pilot who agreed to fly to Columbus for the price of fuel, Wayne whipped out to the airport and was on his way by 10:20 a. m.
Purdue effectively bottled up the Buck’s razzle dazzle attempts and displayed some of their own talent by flipping laterals which consistently gained . . . the Boilermakers broke with a vengeance, the old jinx of never having scored on Ohio State in six games ... just for good measure making a “Jack Armstrong” last minute counter as DeWittee brushed up on his hurdle form to make a needed last yard over the Buckeye forward wall. —^fc— This idea of telling all about the “B” boys. Brown, Brock, and Byelene is getting to be an old story .. we might as well write up a stock story and run it after every game such as . . . “The three B’s stole the show again yesterday . . .” and so forth .. . what a combination to start out with next year . . . wow I —fc— Purdue made the usual fumbles and passes which were intercepted but Ohio State took the honors by donating the ball to the Boilermakers cause on various occasions which turned out to be opportune
Intramural Notices
MONDAY
Field 1— Roachdale vs. Marwood. Brodksy, official. 2— Luma vs Kagawa Smithson, official. 8—Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Kappa Tau. Weijola, official. 4—Ward 8 vs. Ward 12. McGrath, official. 6—Ward 6 vs. Ward 2. Lamoureaux, official. 6— Ward 5 vs Ward 7X Margolian, official. 7— Ward 18 vs. Ward IIX. Evers, official 8— —Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 4. Fishel, official. 9— Cary Hall 2 vs. Cary Hall 8. Boyer, official. 10— Cary Hall 9 vs. Cary Hall 8. Troyer, official. 11— Cary Hall 5 vs Cary Hall 7 Luce, official. 12— Cary Hall 6 vs. Cary Hall 10. Berry, official
Hallie Flanagan Will Lecture At Culture
Conference Nov. 17
for long drives, one of them for that last minute touchdown . . . it’s an unusual feature of a game to have each team try a placement kick within six minutes of each other in the same quarter but such was the case . . . for that matter, the whole game was crammed with feature trick plays and runs ... we vote it the “Game of the Year” without reservations.
HAYS JEWELRY CO. East Side of Square SHEAFFER, PARKER PENS AND PENCILS
Keep School Clothes Clean
if you want them to wear long and well.
Frequent Cleaning
is economy and keeps you always well-groomed.
WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE - 132 VINE ST.
SEAD-imE!
On Nov. ISfh the price goes up! Don't be caught short and pay more, when you can
buy now and pay less. ONLY 9 MORE DAYS.
DEBRIS
Week-end Football Games Leave Upset
Wreckage Strewn On Nation's Gridirons
Wisconsin Opens Title Path To Five Teams With Win Over Northwestern
Wolverines Defeat Penn 19-13 To Keep Up This Year’s Victory March
. . . are the Purdue rooters of victory against Indiana that plans for ordering the ninth golden “P” for the “Old Oaken Bucket” are already being formulated by the studjent body. At the present time Indiana has three red “I’s” and Purdue eight “P’s” while two games have ended in a tie.
Wisconsin threw the Big Ten race wide open yesterday when it beat Northwestern's Wildcats 20 to 13 at Evanston before 35,000 fans in one of the biggest upsets of the year. The Badgers were stopped on the one foot line in the first quarter, but were not to be denied. They scored first in the second quarter and stretched their lead to 20 to 6 in the second half. The Northwestern defeat leaves the title path open to Minnesota, Michigan, Ohio State, and Purdue, as well as the Wildcats.
Coach Crisler’s Michigan Wolverines staved off a desperate final period Pennsylvania rally to down the easterners 19 to 13 at Ann Arbor.
Leading 13 to 0, Crisler sent in his reserves to hold Penn, but the eastern team came back with a rush to force the Wolverines to battle for the final victory.
Boston 14, Indiana 0
Summary—
The victory dearth still holds at Indiana today. Hoosiers again faltered in their efforts to gain that first win of the season, when they fell before Boston College 14 to 0 yesterday at Boston.
(Continued from page 1)
Mrs. Hallie Flanagan, director of the Federal Theatre Project and lecturer in the field of drama, will speak at the seminar on art to be held on the campus November 17 as a part of the conference on contemporary culture.
Native of South Diafcota, Mrs. Flanagan received her M.A. degree at Grinnell College, la. In 1926-27, she was awarded the Guggenheim fellowship for her study of various tendencies in playwriting and play producing in European countries.
As director of the federal theatre project, Mrs. Flanagan is on leave of absence from her position as a Professor of English and director of the Vassar; College experimental theatre.
and Purdue recovers on their own 15. Brown cuts through right guard and laterals to Brock going around right end for a first down. Brock fumbles, but recovers. Brown kicks to Fordham on his own 28 who returns to the Purdue 47. Scott cuts through left guard for a gain of four yards. Sexton is thrown for a loss of 9 yards by Mihal. Sexton’s kick goes over the Purdue goal line. Brown gains 3 yards through center. Byelene picks up 2 yards over left guard. Brown from his own 12 kicks to Fordham on his own 13 to to be downed by Rankin on the 15 yard stripe. Langhurst picks up 6 yards around left end as the half ends.
Boston is undefeated as yet, while Indiana stands at the other end of the ladder with only a tie to soothe its broken spirits.
right end to the Purdue 31 and a first down. Kabealo back to pass, laterals to Langhurst who fails to make first down as the half ends.
Third Quarter Byelene returns Maag’s kick to Purdue 28. Brown cuts through left tackle into the clear and takes the ball to the Ohio State 38 yard line before being run out of bounds. Purdue is penalized 5 yards for backfield in motion. Langhurst cuts through left guard for five yards, and then picks up 2 more on a center plunge. Brock returns Kabealo’s kick 18 yards to the Ohio 45.
Mrs. Flanagan has presented the theatre in writing as well as lectures. Her plays include: “The Curtain,” “Can You Hear Their Voices,” “American Plan,” and “Incense,” which George Pierce Baker produced at the opening of his theatre at Yale.
Second Quarter Byelene cuts through left guard for 1 yard, but Purdue is penalized 15 yards for holding. Brown quick kicks to Strausbaugh on his own 35 who returns to the 43. Kabealo fails to pass but is thrown for a 6 yard loss. Kabealo punts out of bounds on the Purdue 27. Byelene cuts through left guard shakes off three tacklers, and goes down the side of the field behind excellent interference to the Ohio 32 for a gam of about 40 yards. Ippolito fumbles and Ohio State recovers on their 28. Strausbaugh going wide around left end is thrown for a loss of 11 yards as the quarter ends. Brock returns Kabealo’s punt to the Purdue 49. Brown is just short of first down on end around play. Brock’s kick is taken by Strausbaugh on his own 8 yard line and returned to the Ohio 43. Fordham makes 6 yards. Langhurst laterals to Straubaugh running wide around
Montague makes it first down. Brock completes a pass to Thursby for a gain of 13 yards and first down. Brock attempts a field goal from the Ohio 33 but it is no good, and Strausbaugh is downed by Lou Brock on his own 31 on the return. Langhurst cuts through left guard and goes to the Purdue 45 behind excellent interference.
Ippolito makes six yards on an off tackle drive. Brock fumbles* going through right guard and Kabealo recovers on the Purdue 34. Bullocks pass to Strausbaugh is ruled complete on intereference for a first down. Strausbaugh is then knocked out of bounds by Brock after making it first down on the Purdue 13. Strausbaugh’s attempt for a field goal no good and Brown returns the ball to the 20 yard line as the quarter ends.
Fourth Quarter DeWftte gains 2 yards through
left tackle. Brown kicks out of bounds on his own 43. Scott makes
Table Lamps—$1.25 Desk Lamps—98c SPERB HARDWARE
822 Main
THIEME & WANGERIN CO.
622-626 Main St.
Lafayette, Ind.
BLANKETS
A Fine Selection Including Nationally Known Makers Such as
"KENWOOD" "AMANA" "ESMOND" "BEACON" All the new colors—all wanted sizes in cotton, part wool and all wool.
FLANNELETTE BED SHEETS
All white — size 72x99 — just the thing for cool nights Special
"BEACON" BLANKETS
PART WOOL
In a pleasing selection of plaids
-Each
-all colors—70x84—per pair
88c
$1.98 and up
'KENWOOD' BLANKETS
72x84 size—all the new plain colors—silk satin bound Special —Each
"AMANA" ALL WOOL
BLANKETS
72x84 size—a good assortment of plains and plaids—silk satin
bound Each
$6.98 to $10 $7.95 10 $10 'ESMOND" BLANKETS—price range—$5.75 to $10 TWIN BED BLANKETS—all wool—$6.95 to $7.50
Minnesota Gets Back In Big Ten Tide Race With 28-0 Win Over Hawks
Minnesota’s Gophers got back on the trail of the Big Ten championship yesterday when they walloped Iowa 28 to 0 at Minneapolis. Gophers were out to make up for last Saturday’s 6 to 3 defeat at the hands of Northwestern and the Hawkeyes" were the team that had to pay. Minnesota scored twice in the first quarter and twice in the final period to win in a convincing fashion.
Harvard 43, Chicago 13
Chicago showed signs of some fine football in the opening half of its game with Harvard, leading 13 to 0 at one point, but the eastern team came back with vengeance to run up a 43 to 13 count on the hapless Maroons. Chicago still holds but one victory in this year’s record and has yet to score a Big Ten victory.
8 yards through his own left tackle and Welhaum is thrown for an 8 yard loss by Krause on attempted spinner play. Brown cuts through left tackle and goes 8 yards where he laterals to DeWitte who carries the ball to the Purdue 33 and first down. Brock cuts wide around his left end and behind beautiful interference goes down the side of the field to the Ohio 21 before he is tackled by Sarkkinen. Brown fades to pass but failing to find an open receiver runs to the Purdue 18. On the next play Brown Tjuts through left guard reverses his field and goes to the 5 yard line after a beautiful run. Brown makes a yard through the center of the line and on the next play Montague cuts through right guard into the clear but slipped and is downed on the 2 yard line.
Brock starts around left tackle cuts back through a hole in the center of the line and slides across the goal line for the first Boilermaker score in the Ohio State Stadium in the 8 conference battles between the two schools. Brock’s attempt at a placement kick for> ^le extra point was no good, and the score stands Purdue,6; Ohio State, 0.
Sarkkinen takes Brock's kickoff and is downed on the Boilermakers’ 38 yard line. Sexton punts out of bounds on the Pmdue 5. Brock back to kick behind his own goal line fumbles the ball from center but picks it up and runs to the 3 yard line before being downed. Brock, behind his own goal line got off a tremendous punt which is taken by Strausbaugh on his own 21 and returned to the 27. Aleskus pass to Sarkkinen is intercepted by Brock on his own 46. Montague dives over the line for a gain of 1 yard. Brock pXmts out of bounds on the Ohio State 18^ Brown intercepted a pass to Bartschy and runs the ball to the 15 yard line. Brock runs wide around left end and ife knocked out of bounds on the one yard line after making first down.
DeWitte plunges over center on the next play for the second Purdue touchdown of the game. Montague’s attempt for the extra point is no good. Score: Purdue 12, Ohio State 0.
With 64 seconds to play, Humphreys kickoff is taken by Pofmeyer and returned to the Ohio 15. Bullock is stopped at the line. Bullock’s pass to Clair is grounded. Aleskus’ pass to Clair is intei'cepted by Tykocki as the game ends.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE PURDUE EXPONENT TODAY
LAFAYFTTE PRINTING COMPANY
511 Ferry Street Phone 7828 All kinds of printing from a call-
ing card to a High School Annual
J
”1
4*1 '’4'*'
f i
^tauxL Qdbu
THE FOBDEE EXPONENT
n^ntlroA.
Sunday, November 6, 1938
and ^Jder By Georgann Schilling
Listening to the football game in the men’s lounge of the Union Building IS no longer a stxictly male recreation Several co-eds have invaded this region in order to hear the broadcasts, and yesterday was pi oven no exception Quite a few girls could be seen in the crowd of eds gatheied in the lounge —H-H— In oui 1 earning around the campus we found an exhibit which will prove interesting to the co-eds In the display case of the Home Economics Building, pictuies of some of the more outstanding Fiench designeis and illusti ations of their representative creations aie being shown Pei fumes, especially the products of Lucien LeLong, are also artistically arianged as part of the display —H-H— Probably by now you have realized the almost entue evacuation of the campus which has taken place this week-end Ann Sickman, WRH sophomore, took about the longest tiip of anyone we know Ann lives in Muscatine, la , and she left the campus Fiiday foi a weekend at home —H-H— Along with the great plans undervay for the Military Ball next week-end, several fiateinity and soiority dances have also been scheduled for this same week-end Chi Omega will honor their pledges at a closed dance next Saturday night The dance will be held in Duncan Hall with an orchestia from Indianapolis furnishing the melody
Bob Zimmer.., . Captain of Scabbard and Blade, will leave tomorrow for Berkeley, Calif , where he will attend the 21st convention of the National Society of Scabbard and Blade. The military organization will convene on November 9 and conclude with a banquet on the evening of the 12th The honorary has a total membership of 28,000 and an active membership of 2,200.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE—1929 LaSalle coupe condition Cheap Call 2680
MISCELLANEOUS
ANTED TO BUY used tuxedo, size 40 rite box 495, Lafayette, Ind
MAIN SPRINGS, ?1 00 WATCH CLEANING, $1 00 Crystals 25c and 35s clocks cleaned $1 00 alarm clocks, 50c, work guaranteed KELLAR’S WATCH SHOP, 223 Mam WANTED—One passenger to New York Leave Nov 10, return Nov 13 $12 00 Call 5418
FOR RENT—Front room Single or double for students 131 South Grant St.
FOR RENT 2-room apartment private bath 114 W Lutz
STUDENTS 2 room apartment private bath cooking privileges Phone 66593
£wdt0L
Republican Candidate for COUNTY TREASURER Purdue Grad Purdue Dad Your Vote Appreciated
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for ■ College Education H. G. RE1SNER
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This Is all we do, but we do It well Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
• Professional
• Shoe Repair
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A RISK—D D.S HAROLD! RISK—DOS ROBERT G RISK—D D.S LUTHER A RISK—DOS Schultz tuildlng 4th and Mam Phono 5701
eOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop In the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
e Florists
for distinctive corsages ROTH FLORIST Phone 7955—8050 635 mam street
e Tailor
• Locksmith
sparrendahl — tailor For Latest Student Styles 4th and Ferry Phone 6030
"C" CARTER for Keys, Lxicks, General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Open Evenings ^ Phone 2291 State-Main, W L
')
LOST AND FOUND
LOST—Brown leather jacket, Friday, October 28 Michael Golden Shops Reward James Evans, Cary Hall, N W
taken Wednesday, November*9, at 6.56 p m in the Towerr. Room All members are asked to be on time —GLAZEBROOK
LOST—Small gold locket Initial L M S CaU 6489
M E 30 Students: There will be a makeup test for all those who have missed previous tests Wednesday, November 9, at 4 p m m room 207 of the M E building. —MUNRO
Graduate Forum: Meeting will be held at 6 80 p. m Sunday, November 6, at the Wesley Foundation Professor Lanezos will speak on the present victory of Fascism In Europe -*OOTB
LOST—Slide Rule near Armory Finder please notify R S Pettibone, 413 University Phone 76721 Reward
LOST—' Post” slide rule in Union lounge, Monday, Oct 31 W H Lidgard stamped on case Finder please call 2487
Reamers Club: Meeting Monday, November 7 at 8 p m in room F of the Union Building -^ACKS
Student Senate: Senate keys are available at 201 Vine street for the price of $1 76 (11-10) -JACKS Rifle: Volunteer range officers needed for hours 8 to 4 daily Phone 2876 stating hours you can serve. ^ (11-10) —CLEVETT.
WSGA House Presidents: Meeting Tuesday, November 8, in room B of the Union at 4 p m —JAKES Fencers: All sophomores, juniors, and seniors interested in varsity fencing report to the Fieldhouse balcony at 4 p m Tuesday November 8 —STEPATH
meeting In room 0 of the Union Building, Tuesday, November 8, at 7:80 p m —MeINTOSH Metallurgy: Metallurgy and other Interested students are invited to attend the AIME meeting Monday, November 8, at 4 ;80 p m in the reception room of the Union. —LOWN.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, November 9, at 7 80 p m in room 264 of EE Building. —GANNON.
ASCE: Debris pictures of members and prospective members will be taken Wednesday, November 9 at 8 45 p m. in the Union Tower room Proper dress will be required. ^ —AHRENS
Purdue Motorcycle Club: Road Run Sunday, November 6 Entry deadline 9:80 a. m. Run starts at Bridges Cycle Shop at 9*80 a m Prize for the winner —KEYS
Christian Science Organization: Regular
NYA Workers: Checks for periods ending October 16 are now available at cashiers office in the Executive Building (11-6) —HOLLENSBE
Purdue Engineer: Following men report to Rice in the Engineer office at 4 p m Monday, November 7 Kimmel, Newman, Packman, Stephens, Stevenson, Winslow, Worthington, Day —HARRIS
TYPEWRITERS—^All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired New Portable machines as low as $29 75 Supplies C F Ebenhoff, 60S Main street.
WAA Hockey: Class tournament schedule Tuesday, November 8—Juniors vs Seniors Wednesday, November 9^Prosh B vs Juniors Thursday, November 10—Sophomores vs Seniors Friday, November 11— Sophomores vs Juniors —SHAFFER
Good
Sports Women* All sports women are requested to be present at a special meeting Tuesday, November 8, at 4 p m, in the WAA office —SHAFFER
WANTED A ride to Elkhart South Bend or points north any time after Friday at 3 00 Call R Hall 3904
Freshman Editorial Workers: The following schedule is now in effect. All freshmen not yet scheduled contact me Monday Ehrhardt Etter, Traugott, Riegle. Tuesday Ochiltree, Kuch, Parks, O’Connell Wednesday Kennedy Fletcher, P Miller, Skallerup Thursday Schlossberg Ruffner, Sears, J Mueller Friday Payne Daft W Smith, Robertson Saturday D Clark Any worker desiring to change to Saturday may do so (11 11) —HARDIN
Contemporary Culture Committee Com mittees of representatives from each co-ed activity will meet Tuesday, November 8, at 4 p m in the WSGA office —ELSTUN
BOARD & ROOM—$26 per month Continuous hot water 123 Sylvia St, 66694
ROOMS FOR RENT
FOR RENT—Large front room—single or double 401 State Across from Union
Forestry Club Debris pictures will be
An ALL STAR Service That Can’t Be Beat Quality Dry Cleaning Hat Blocking Monite Moth-Proofing Laundry Service to meet every need Rug Cleaning ©B00E3 imam'i FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTH'eS OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
West Lafayette
WANTS
F
0
R
M
0
iERH. i. Support the Grubb Ticket It Merits Your Confidence
Charles D. Kent . George S. Kenzier H. G. Venemann , J. Henry Law . . Paul A. Risk . . Henry S. Gish . ,
. . Clerk Treasurer Councilman 1st Dist. Councilman 2nd Dist. Councilman 3rd Dist. Councilman 4th Dist. Councilman at Large