h’“‘>f/'4r''^’"'"/f^X'-'^'f^’- *ssj’r •'
^ s.<»s.>, 4^k, A
Sports Edition
Freshman-Varsity Baseball Tomorrow
Z-illS
F0unM In 18S9
xMmeh/L § Daily Since 1906
Flyer Mike Murphy Performs At Airpolt
Volume 52, No. 191
West Lofciyeite, Indiana
Sunday, May 25, 1941
I -tec
t)4
Sigma Delta Chi Honors Mike Murphy Flies
At Campus Airport Today-13th Return
Sgt. Purchia, Prof. Little
“For the greatest contribution to the welfare, success, and reputation of the University,” reads the citation given last night to Master Sergeant T. J. “Shorty” Purchla, for 22 years a member of the military faculty of the University. Sgt. Purchla received the Sigma Delta Chi leather medal, awarded annually by the Purdue chapter of the journalistic fraternity at the banquet concluding the “Newspaper Day” program sponsored by
the chapter.
World Famous Stunt Flyer Known As Crowd Thriller
Past" Leather Awards Sgt. Purchla joined the Purdue faculty in 1919 after serving in the infantry, cavalry, and artillery of the regular army for many years, and for 18 years since coming to Purdue has directed the marching formations of the nationally known Purdue “All-American” Military Band. Among those who have received the leather medal in past years have been Dean Stanley Coulter, Ward Lambert, David E. Ross, Edward C. Elliott, George Ade, former governor Harry G. Les'■lie. Dean A. A. Potter, T. R. Johnston, and Noble E. Kizer. « % At the concluding banquet last night other awards Went to Prof. Neil Little, of the department of mathematics, for being judged “the best of Purdue’s good teachers” and to Dan K. Heiple, Who received the “best student journalist citation.” Open Forum The “Newspaper Day” program, an annual event of the Purdue chapter of Sigma Delta Chi for Indiana newspapermen, included open forum sessions during yesterday afternoon for Indiana Farm Editors during which problems of agiiculture were discussed in their 1 elation to the rural press. Dean Harry J. Reed, of the Purdue school of agriculture; J. Holmes Martin, head of the University poultry department; L. M. Busche, assistant state county agent, lead the open forum discussions. Rural Newspapers Dean Reed described the work of the Purdue agriculture department in serving Indiana farmers, stating that the department set a goal Tor itself of increasing the Indiana farm income by*$^0,000,000 in the next ten years through research and education. Reed said that rural newspapers were the principal means by which the agriculture education institutions disseminate information to the rural population. Busche presented statistics showing the important role rural newspapers play in farm life. J. Holmes Martin discribed the program planned by the University poultry department to make Indiana the foremost poultry producing state in the na-
tion. j.l.t.
Mike Murphy will return to the University for the thirteenth time to perform some of his more nervetingling maneuvers from the repetoire that won him the position of leading American aerobatic ace at the annual Air Show this afternoon at 2 o’clock. With fair, weather predicted more than 15,000 people are expected to flock to the University to watch the veteran put his little Bucker - Jungmeister biplane through more than a dozen funeralinviting acrobatics at the show sponsored by the University Flying and Glider Clubs.
—Exponent Ph6to by Archtbgld Sgt. T. j. “Shorty” Purchla was awarded the Sigma Delta Chi Leather Medal for his service to the University during 22 years on the military faculty.
Accompanying the “Flying Irishman” on the program of one of his last civilian appearances before he and his ship enter the U. S. Air Corps will be several other nationally known airmen. Mike Burson of Dwyer will execute a 10,000-foot delayed parachute jump. If thermal currents are favorable, James Smiley, president of the Frankfort Glider company, and Stanley Corcoran, famous long-distance glider pilot, will attempt a glider flight from Peoria.
Also featured on thp program will be a series of maneuvers executed by the airport Cub trainers piloted by University co-eds Peggy Jane Davis, Lois Hollingsworth, Jeannette Davis, “Pat” Dickerson, and Nancy Phillips.' Airport instructors Jack D. Harrington and Joseph Halsmer will give an exhibition of advapced CAA flight training. From Wright Field ip Dayton, 0., will come a fleet of at lejist three Army fighting ships including one of the new and deadly Airoeobras. Following the execution of precision flying maneuvers by these ships the public will be afforded an opportunity for close inspection of them.
Parking will be free at the airport, but an admission charge of 25 cents will be made to both children and adults.
Fraternity
—Exponent Photo by Archibald Professor Neil Little of the department of mathematics was adjudged “Best of Purdue's Good Teachers" by Sigma Delta Chi.
. . . baseball will draw to a close tomorrow afternoon when the Pi K A’s engage the Delts in the final tilt of the season on the intramural field. Last Friday, in the semi-final bout, the Delts defeated t^ie ATO’s after overcoming a four lun lead in the thiid inning and going on to win in the fifth.
Varied Recreational Program Awaits Summer
Session; Swimming, Tennis Leading Activities
By Joe Dawson
As a welcomed relief from the drudgery of summer school studies, one of the most intensive recreation programs in years has been planned by Chief Clevett for the forthcoming session. Because of their popularity in the past, badminton, tennis, golf, softball and swimming are again expected to draw the most attention. According to the Chief, the faculty will probably be most enthusiastic participants in these extra activities. It seemp that the old boys are just as anxious to get out of. the classrooms as their dear pupils. Softball Prominent Heading the list of favored team sports again will be softball. Each year a league of 16 teams is formed from almost ^very organization and school on the campus. In 1939 a group of PE students doing graduate work carried olf top honors for the league. Last year a team composed of students from the male organizations along Fraternity Row were the best. In addition to these, two, the Chemical “^Engineers and
the Pharmacy students have always managed to have a tough squad. In respect to individual sports badminton is by far the most popular. Also, the tennis courts are very much used throughout the summer session. Mixed doubles and men’p singles tournaments are a favorite with the students. Close behind these in popularity is golfing. In the past the three hole course back of the intramural field has been very inadequate for the demands of the student body. This year, hf/rever, the opening of the new university course will take care of the increasing number of student golfers. Games On Green Again fhis year Clevett will conduct the novel group recreation, Games on the Green, once a week on Ross-Ade Field. At this popular weekly event both the students and the faculty members Havq an opportunity to engage in volley ball, “table tennis, archery, croquet and deck tenbis. Chief Clevett is making an effort to add shuffleboard to this - list, but may not be successful because of the high cost. On rainy
days all the equipment can be moved from the field into the Fieldhouse, and Playing on the Green can continue uninterrupted. The Fieldhouse swimming pool will be open for men through the summer from 11-12, 2-6, and 7:30-9_ o’clock daily except Sunday, Optical instructions will be given by Dick Papenguth in the courses, S-6, S-7, To those students and faculty who are content with just laying in the shade and taking life easy the spacious picnic grounds west of the Stadium will be a welcome relief. Here in the cool, inviting atmosphere -ovens, tables, and running water have been provided for the use and enjoyment of all. Throughout the summer ^ the check out service and loel^er rooms will be available to all men stu-_ dents from 1 to 9 p. m. each week day. All activities in the Fieldhouse, including the basketball, squash and badminton courts will remain open for those wKo woqjd rather stay inside. As is' the custom during the winter sessions, a one dollar locker fee will be charged to those students desiring locker Service.
Wolverines Defeat Riveters; Batting Spree Makes It 14-4
Captain Bud Fisher
Dick Wakefield Hits Home Run To Turn Game To Rout In 7th
By PHIL JOHNSON Exponent Sports Editor
, —Exponent Photo by Archibald. / . . . hitting a single to center field in the third inning of yesterday's game to score Janisch for the first Boilermaker run. Behind the plate is Michigan Catcher George Harms, currently leading Big Ten batter, and Umpire Hargraves. It was the last game of Captain Fisher's collegiate career.
Music Rdom Recital saiem High school
To Feature Pianist
Tomorrow’s Music Room program will feature a piano recital by Arthur Jacklin, son of Prof, and Mrs. H. M. Jacklin of the Mechanical Engineering department, Jacklin formerly studied under Mrs. Harry Rank of Lafayette. He now attends DePauw University, Greencastle, where he is the holder of a piano seholai;ship. The program, which is scheduled for 4 o’clock, will open with Bach’s “Prelude” and “Fugue in B Flat Major” and will include works of Beethoven, Dejjussy and Chopin. k,r.
. vocational agricultural students will tour the University campus and buildings Tuesday and Wednesday. The boys will be accompanied by William Branaman, University graduate, now teaching at Salem. The tour was ai ranged by Prof. G. M. Frier of the University agiicultural extension department.
• Period Changes Students should note that the examination period for Pharmacy 34, division A, has been changed from period 16 to period 4 and-that Physics 146, all sections, has been changed from period 12 to period 4.
For a six full innings the Purdue-Michigan game yesterday afternoon in Ross-Ade Stadium was coming along nicely, with both teams playing heads up ball, and with the Boilermakers doggedly protecting a 4-3 lead. Then things began to happen, no less, than a diamond blitzkrieg of no mean proportions. Singles, doubles, a home run with the bases loaded, errors, new pitchers, wild throws, more hits—and it all ended three innings later when the dust had finally settled with the mighty Wolverines of Ann Arbor decisively chalking up their eighth conference win by the score of 14-4. Yesterday’s wii>.gave the Michigan lads a clean sweep of the two game series and strengthened their hold on the league lead. The Wolverines copped the initial game, the first night game played ifi the Big Ten, by a 7-5 score. It was the last game of the season for the Boilermakers, leaving them with a season’s record of 15 wins against nine losses. Five seniors, Captain Bud Fisher, George Doherty,^ Mike Byelene, Johnny Emmert, and Danny Danowski, brought their collegiate diamond careers to a close in yesterday’s game. About \|the only consolation the (Continued on page 4)
One Of Dutch’s Boys
Congratulations To
Felix Mackiewicz Nears Goal
. . . Harry McFerren was elected most valuable player of the 1941 Boilermaker baseball team last night, following the season finale with Michigan. Harry is a stellar second baseman and batted in the .350 class all year. No "captain was named for the 1942 campaign. Instead Coach Dutch Fehring will Appoint game captains apd an honorary captain will he elected by the squad at the completion of the season.
Of Big League Baseball Career
By Jim Frhser
Final Exams
Examination schedule for periods 3 and 4; period 3 is Monday morning from 8 to 11 o’clock and period 4 Monday afternoon from 1 to 4 o’clock- Tuesday’s schedule will appear in Tuesday’s Exponent. All examinations will be held in the same room in which the division regularly recitfes unless otherwise announced by the instructor. X divisions will have the examinations at the same time as the regular division. ^ Period Day Date Time 3 Mon. May 26 8-11 4 Mon. May 26 1-4 ANIMAL HUSBANDRY Course Division Period 21 ,....B ...4 143 \ A ,,..4 APPLIED MECHANICS 101' A 4 CIVIL ENGINEERING 78 ,...-All 4 economic^ 1 E 4 ELECTRICAL ENGINEEIilNG 136 A 4 146 A . ' 4 (Continued on page 3)
Nearlj; everyone, baseball fan or. not, remembers Dutch Pehring’s big, blonde prize protege of lastyear’s diamond squad; a certain Felix Mackiewicz. ^Remembrance is easy, not only because the name is not one that is forgotten easily, but primarily because of slugging possibilities that were associated with the big third basemah. Many fans were convinced that big league ability reposed in the usually lethargic frame that found cover under Felix’s baseball uniform, and today their speculations are coming-true. Plays Outfield Siiice his graduation last Junei Mackiewicz has followed the well worn trail that previous college ball players have blazed in theii quest of Major League fame. Connie Mack, famed manager of the Philadelphia Athletics, was the first man to take advantage of the ambition that flamed in Felix’s hearf, and took 1;he boy to California for the spring training camp session. Instead of playing in his usual third base spot, Mackiewicz found himself operating in the unfamiliar surroundings of an outfield position. To his own amazement, the new position proved to be* pleasant one, and the tutoring of the genial Connie Mack began to bear fruit in Felix’s rejuvenated hitting and fieldirig. A regular berth on the A’s team began to take shape in Mackiewicz’s hopes and his“ consistent playing in the spring games only inflated these dreams. As the spring appx'oached
near the season’s opening game, his batting became eye-opening. In one game against the Chicago Cubs, Mackiewicz connected for a home run with two men on base and rounded off the day with a double and a single. However, when the day of squad cutting finally came, the high flying Mackiewicz found his big league hopes shattered as the Athletics shipped him off to their farm at Wilmington, Delaware, for a minor league seasoning. Burning Up League That’s where Felix is today, playing right field for the Wilmington Blue Rocks, a class B teafia in the Inter-State League. Mackiewicz’s hitting hasn’t slackened a bit since his California 4eW,^«nd his average of .324 gives him runner-up spot in the league’s batting race. The Blue Rock’s are fuUy aware of the valuable addition to their optfield and Felix’s sensational play has helped the team to stage a recent rush that has carried thein to a tie for fii'st place in the league. In his playing days under Fehis ing, Mackiewicz had two big faults. In the first place, third base wasn’t a position that was ept out for him, Felix stopped most of the ground balls that came to hjm with his chest, and then if the rebound were near enough to pick up, he would throw the batter out with a peg that was nearly as famous as his batting swing. His switch to right field on the Wilmington club has corrected his weakness on ground balls and capitalized on his throwing arm.
“-.I
fxk ^ T'-i.
4V/< i2-
Sunctay, May 25. 1941
fiuJtdwL £xfumsint
Good Teacher: 1941 Last night at the Sigma Delta Chi banquet, Neil Little was named “the best of Purdue’s good teachers.” Why? Neil Little is not famous throughout the country or the state, or even the campus. Until recently he hadn’t even written any textbooks. And he was a good teacher long before that. In fact for 15 years he has worked at this business of being a good teacher. Last year he was promoted to an assistant professorship. It was a mere 14 years. Perhaps Neil Little is well liked because he thinks of himself as working with human beings rather than On a production line of a huge factory. He knows his students personally. He doesn’t have to look at a seating chart to call them by name. He has a faculty of dramatizing his lessons, and he knows the value of humor mixed with quadratic equations. Above all he knows that each person is an individual with likes and dislikes and habits that are peculiar to himself and that there is no all-powerful teaching formula to beapplied to a whole group, but that each individual in that group must be recognized. That is why Neil Little is tops on this campus.—j.l.t. Outstanding Service. “To the man who makes the greatest contribution to the welfare, success and reputation of Purdue University” is awarded the Leather medal. The list of the men who have received this honor is a roll of Purdue’s great men ; the men that have made Purdue the school that it is. This year to the roll is added another of these men—not E. C. Elliott or David Ross or G. A. Young—they’re already there. The man who joins them is Master-sergeant T. J. Purchla. Few people around Purdue know T, J. Pur-, chla, but the lowliest freshman that ever put on a uniform knows Shorty Purchla, the little sergeant that can make a straggling battery of tired boys feel like the best bunch of soldiers that ever marchedbn a drill field. Almost everyone, if they had thought about it would have agreed that Shorty was the logical man for the leather medal. Everyone except Shorty, that is.
fijufidtuL £xpomnL
Entered as second class matter >at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail feubscription, $3.60. Editor-in-Chief Ned A. Ochiltree News Editor John L. Traugott Business Manager :.. Don S. Powers Publication Staff Managing Editor Leland W. Rnffner Associate Editors: J. F. Amos, J. H. Armstrong, D. T. Brophy, R. L. Hadley, F. I. Jones, E. J. Kieper. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: K. K. Giemre, R. E. Saxton; Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell; Accounts .Manager: W. D. Millard. Co-ed Staff Editor Ruth Rose Associate Editors: Mary K. Boynton. Alice Chatiield, Martha Jane Fox. Sports Staff Editor Phil C. Johnson Associate Editors: O. T. Clark, J. D. Fraser; J. S. Keeler.
Phones: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports 2.792; Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377 Represented for national advertising by NationaL Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Clark Day Editor: Fox Issue Editor: Rpquemore Workers: J. S. Keeler, J. D. Fraser, J. S. Dawson, K. G. Roquemore, R. L. Hadley, A. P. Hunter, E. G. Kieper, , R. W. DeMars, R. L. Miller.
TauBetaPi
Mai Blwafd
because when he was told about it, he said, “What have I done to deserve it ?” That’s an easy question to answer. Every time we see the blue star on the sleeve of our cadet uniform we think of Shorty. He is so bound up with the military department of the University that it is hard to think of the one without the other. Every time we see the military band march we think of Shorty and the hours and days he has spent in the last 22 years helping make the band what it is. Speaking then for the 18 classes of Purdue ROTC men who have worn the blue star of excellence in military science and tactics, we wish to thank Shorty for what he has done in bringing back that star year after year. And it may be that after next year we will be wearing metal bars on our shoulders and Shorty will salute us because he is a good soldier, but now we, and the 2,200 men in Purdue’s ROTC, and the thousands of men who have been members of that unit, and the University at large—all- of us salute you. Sergeant Purchla, “for rendering service to Purdue University.”—l.w.r.
To The Editor
, Editor’s Note: The following is a letter written by Bert E. Loeb, donor of the new stadium in Columbian Park Recreational Center sent to Assistant Athletic Directot Pop Doan. Friday evening, 9:60 p. m., Fnend Doan : Sorry I couldn’t wait to see the finish of the game tonight, but we had to leave on account of my wife’s grandfather celebrating his 93rd birthday, whfch must be quite a thrill for him. If I live to be 100 I could never be any more thrilled than I was this evening at the game ■^Purdue vs Michigan, and the first night conference game, which is something. On behalf of the Columbian Park Recreational Center, and personally, allow us to extend our warm appreciation and thanks to you, Mai Elward, and the boys who made this activity at the Park possible. It is with this thought in mind that we hope to popularize this area, where We can make a common meeting place for open air activities “under the stars.” The splendid co-operation which has always existed between the University and the townspeople is fundamental to our success. Let’s hope in thb future that you will use this often in planning events that will still closer tie this great University and city closer'together. Our motto of “A public gathering place for communal welfare, creating in it education, culture of athletics, and furthering the development of the true American way of life.” Thanks a million. Regards, Bert E. Loeb.
... engineering honorary, announces the election of - Stanley Munger, ChE, president; Gerry Nothmann, ME, vice president; Bob Skallerup, PSE, recording secretary; Don Chrishian, EE, treasurer; and George Topinka, ME, caU aloger.
\
Notices
Cfimera Club Exhibitors : Get your Gala Week prints at the Student Union office. —TOWLE
... Purdue athletic director and head football coach, will deliver a special Memorial Day address at the Methodist church in Brookston on Sunday afternoon. May 25, at 1:30 o’clock. His subject will be “Americanism.” " '
28, or Saturday, May 31 in room 201 of the Golden Shops. Bring properly approved permits. —ROGERS.
Roger Williams Clubj Picnic at 4 p. m. in' back of Field House today. —BLACK.
Roger Williams Club: Picnic Sunday, at 6:30. Meet at church. Vespers service following. Last meeting of the school year. ■ -tARTMAN
Scriveners: Picnic this afternoon, Sunday, May 26. Meet at front of Fieldhouse at 4:30 p. m. exactly. —RIEGLE.
Scriveners: Picnic at Happy Hollow Sunday, May 26, at 4:30 p. m. Call Francis Estep for reservations before 'Saturday. No charge. . - —RIEGLE.
Tau. Beta Pi: Initiates, call : for your shingle at' the Sigma Alpha Mu house, 417 Waldron St. —NOTHMANN
Classified
Purdue Outing Club : A "relaxation hike” will be held Saturday afternoon. May 31, with opportunities for swimming, boating, games and hiking. A picnic lunch will be served. For reservations please call Marjorie Ward, 41111 or Ted Parker, 36462 before Friday evening; May 30. Meet promptly at 4:30 in front of Smith Hall on State street. Everyone is welcome. —PARKER.
Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main At. Phone, , 2779.
Lost: Brown wallet, near Golden Shops^ Reward. Call 4096. W. Taylor.
' i '
All Members of Musical Organizations: Please return all. sheet music that belongs to the University immediately to the Music Hall. —PETERSON. All Juniors: Applications for the Summer Or Fall term of the Marriage Course should be made by letter to Mr. H. E. Wilkening before June 4. Kindly include your name, address, phone number, and -term applied for. WILKENING.
Rooms for fellows in new insulated brick home, tiled shower, twin beds, cross ventilation, private entrance. Phone 2143.
Wanted: Summer roomers, 123 Andrew Place. Phone 81291.
Lost: Jade ring in silver Setting. Reward. Call Hammer, 4916. *
Lost: Last Wednesday noon at Mitzi Cafe,, pair rimless glasses—need them for exams. Please return. Frank Paznokas. 66863.
GE 110 Removal of Conditions: Examinations for removal of C grades in GE llO may be taken during any of the three regular final examination periods: 1 to 4 p. m. Tuesday, May 27, 'Wednesday, May
For Rent: Downstairs apartment for summer; cOol; electric stove and refrigerator ; near Fieldhouse. Phone 66863.
Found: Black and white Sheaffer lifetime pen in Browsing Room. Call 46863.
FOR THOSE WHOYE EVER LOVED ...OR HOPE TO LOVEL
Kappa Beta
... religiotls honorary to promote Christian fello'wship among University women, announces the initiation of Elizabeth Baughman, Bula Butler, Martha Jane Gettinger, Donna Marie I*rion, Middy Johnson, Marianna Mangus, Virginia Rader, and Sarah Wilson.
Home Ec Seniors ... were entertained by the Home Economics faculty at, their annual breakfast this morhing at 8:30 in the Home Economics Building.
The facts and statistics of the 1940 census will fill 52 large volumes.
Yankee Stadium is the largest baseball field in the world, seating 80,000.
SOUTH OF THE BORDER STYLE HIT
llcJtcUa li FREEMAN YA, YA, YA, YA—Aiey'r« all ^gbig fhe praises of this ui^ue Mexican style adaptation. Hand-woven^ oooi, flexible^ comfortable, and os enjoyable os a siesta. V ' je ■ A B. C. Shoe Co./ln(. X-RAY FITTING 406 Main St. Phone 2001
LUMA SUN.-MON. —2 HITS
By Briclt Mttia Remuque, anthot of "All Quiet on the Western Front." .
SPENDS
AIR CONDITIONED
SUNDAY- MONDAY
KUO 1^°'° WIlllAM GARGAN HARRY CAREY . FRANK FAY — AND—.
PLUS
COLOR CARTOON
- NOW PLAYING^THE GREATEST MUSICAL OF THEM ALL . o
Beulah BONDI * Edgar BUCHANAN • Ann DORAN Starts TODAY
NOW SHOWING - DOUBLE FEATURE -
HOW MUCH SHE CARES DEPENDS UPON HOW MUCH YOU'VE GOT! She Puts Glamour on a Paying Basis!
. J
■A^ ^ >« ■V«, -H j,«. 4l .
I •W^/ rj .>-yp 8 *« I ^ } )■
(pwulus £xp^
Sunday, May 25, 1941
fiaqsL i-Sfufitli,
Final Mxanis (Continued from page 1)
Dare Devil
'(
Phyllis Baker, ’4'4 Sc., an^pteur astronomer, will speak about the stars at the annual Star' Service of the Wesley Foundation this .evening at 7:30. The sOrvice will take place on the hill behind the stadium. A special worship service arranged by Glenora McFadden will also be held, in keeping with the theme. A picnic supper costing 15 cents will be. served to students in the picnic grove west of the stadium before f;he service. The group- will leave the West Lafayette Methodist church at 6 o'clock, k.r.
Course
Division
Period
A' $140,000 EOTC building is being planned at the University of Virginia.
181. A .4 184.. ..A 4 189.. ..:......... ...A 4, FORESTRY 41;. A 4 106.. .....................-A 4 HOME ADMINISTRATION 110 .............B ... 4 MECHANICAL ENGINEERING 100.. ......................A :. .....4 “ PHARMACY 34 ■: .....A - --3 PHYSICS 146.. .. AU ...:.i....„....... 4 POULTRY HUSBANDRY 42.. .........1...........A .............4 PSYCHOLOGY 51.. .......... ...A ....,.....;..4
$
$
YOUR FAVORITE
HAVE OPEN TOES dK> have the lovetteM lines and the smartest patterning you have 'seen In years. Perforatkxu^ sthddng, dastidztog a^ trimmings are other details you will admixe at only.. •
ShofL Scthn^
SECOND FLOOR
Mike (The Flying Irishman) Murphy is seen standing beside his BuckerJungmeister stunt ship, with his Havana (Cuba) Air Show award, left, and the Freddy Lund trophy, which he won permanent possession of at the All-American Maneuvers, Miami, Fla., in January. Murphy will headline the thirteenth annual Purdue air meet today.
Methodist Church Honors Seniors In Rose Program Graduating seniors will be honfored this morning at 10 a. m. by members of the West Lafayette Methodist Church in the annual Red Rose Recognition service, originated more than thirty years ago by the Sunday School class of Dean Fisher. The front section of the church will be reserved for University seniors. Reverend McFadden, the stu-
dent pastor, will deliver the address, to be concluded by an organ selection, “In the Time of the Roses,” by Mrs. F. J. Roberts. Many of the seniors receiving the recognition roses have served the church and Wesley Foundation during their four years of college . attendance, r.l.m. ■
Night baseball in the majors begdn in 1935 when Larry McPhail, now at Brooklyn, Was directing the Cincinnati Reds as General Manager. The Reds^ played seven games of nocturnal ball during that year.
..-Froin All Fronts--^ Today's Summary Of War News Vo Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Coityright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Ine • Editor Boaten Up George Leonov, city editor of the Shanghai China Press, was beaten up and dosed with castor oil by three Italians who objected to the paper’s stories, wires A. T. Steele from Shanghai. • Nazis Land Guns The Germans have landed small field guns and mortars at Malemi airport in northwestern Crete -and are consolidating their position, states W. H. Stoneman from London. * * * • Germans Rehearse In spite of official denials, word, is received from Berlin that Nazis consider the operations in Crete as a dress rehearsal for the invasion of Britain. * ♦ * • Red Cross To Move Out The American Red Cross is expected to withdraw from France because of Vichy’s attitude and collaboration with the Nazis, states John T. Whitaker. ♦ • British Destroy Planes British jiilots have been destroying large quantities of Nazi dive bombers on the flying fields of Libya because the British know the territory occupied by the Germans to the extent that the planes can not be adequately covered, reports W. H. Stoneman from London.' Swimming Classes Again Offered Children; Adults « Free swimming instruction, supervised by Dick Papenguth and other members of the athletic department, will again be offered to the public this summer, with the beginning of the' summer session. Children are invited to attend the class in the mornings. Girls will meet from 9:30 to 10:30 on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and boys, on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday.
Tennis TeamTakes Third InStateMeet Running up against the toughest racquet squads in the middle west, the Boilermaker tennis team eked out third place honors in the Indiana State Tennis Meet at RichA mond Friday and yesterday. Dope before the opening of the tournament, which seated Notre Dame fijst, DePauw second, and the Gold arid Black third, proved correct as the Irishmen swept the meet in clean fashion, placing winners in both the singles and doufiles competition. Anderson Falls To Conale Riveter Anderson advanced as far as the quarter-finals in singles competition where he was downed in a close contest by Conale of Notre Dame, 6-1, 4-6, 6-1. Captain Joyce of the Irish squad defeated Sauder of DePauw in the final round of the singles competition. ' Anderson and Ray Lucht, newly elected Boilermaker tennis captain, advanced to the semi-finals of the doubles play-offs yesterday inorning, but were dropped,6-4, 8-6 by Conale and Parkes of Notre Dame. This same combination went ahead to defeat DePauw in the afternoon by an easy margin. The most thrilling match of the tournament was between Ariiistrong of Purdue and Gapt. Joyce of Notre Dame. In the first two games Armstrong and Joyce had split even, in the third Armstrong was leadirig his opponent by four games to none, and it was 30-loye in the fifth. Joyce displayed remarkable power and drive to come from behind, defeating Armstrong with a final count of 6-1, 4-6, 8-6. Joyce went on to "win the tourney. Wait ’Til Next Year This year the squad turned in its best record yet, ending up with a total of nine victories and only four losses, losing to Ohio State, Chicago, Michigan, and DePauw. Next year the team will be strengthened by the return of Capt. Lucht, Stettner, Armstrong, and Van Camp, all who have helped account for the Boilermaker wins, d.e.b.
Jack Sharkey, “The Boston Gob,” ex-heavyweight champion, is of Lithuanian parentage. His real name is John Coccoskey.
You’ll more than appreciate the fast, efficient service we offer you. If you wish to enjoy the satisfaction of spotless workmanship, call West Side. ' '
DIAL 4081
The Lowest Prices Quality Permits! Northwestern at Vine Phone 4081
Can’t you see those dollars looming before your eyes? „ ^ All you have to do to collect is bring those Used Books to SOUTH WORTH’S and let us pay you more for them. TODAY AND EVERYDAY—WE PAY MORE
308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE INQ; 'f ;■ 1’^
I'
pjogie ^—SpoJdi
Sunday. May 25, 1941
PuhduuL ^xpiamnL
Linksmen Capture State Year T I D- II . Diamondmen Face Tourney In Big Upset D|,i„i„T,m™,ow
Indiana golfing circles were turned upside down, yesterday afternoon, when a not too highly regarded Purdue golf team walked off with the team and individual honors in the Indiana Intercollegiate Golf Tournament at the West Lafayette Country Club. Wade Knipp, junior Riveter golfer, fought off the challenge of Notre Dame’s captain Sammy Neild to finish three strokes in front of the field with rounds of 75 and 74 for a total of 149. In the Little State division, made up of the nine smaller state colleges, DePauw took the crown. Coach Harry Allspaw’s tenacious
Wolverines Defeat
(Continued from page 1)
Boilermakers can derive from the game is the fact that they drove Mickey Stoddard, ace Michigan hurler, to the showers with a barrage of runs and hits in the third. Everyone Pitched But Batboy Six pitchers were on the mound throughout the contest," three for each team. Johnny Emmert, starting Boilermaker pitcher was charged with the loss, while Mase Gould, a slightly built southpaw, earned the victory, his first in Big Ten competition. Gould was- the second Michigan pitcher and was relieved by Neal Muir in the seventh. Neither team hit safely in the initial frame. Sofi'ak for the Wolverines, and Young, for the Boilermakers hit singles in the second, but both men died on base. Emmert handled the invaders in order in the first of the third. All Four Runs In Third In the Boilermaker half of the third Emmert' led off with a walk. McTerren doubled him home, went to third as Byelene was safe on a high throw to first by Chamberlain, and scored ahead. of Byelene as Janisch hit a long two baser. Fisher knocked Janisch home wit ha dump single to center for the fourth and last Riveter run. The Boilermakers were held hitless for the next five innings until Leifheit singled in the ninth for their sixth and final hit. In the fifth the Wolverines tallied two markers on three singles by Ruehle, Sofiak, and Harms and a long fly by Gould. They scored another in the sixth on an error by McCaffry, his second of the season, and a single by Chamberlain. Batted Around Plus In the seventh Michigan batted ten men, accounting for six run's by virtue of four hits, all singles, four errors, and a long sacrifice fly. Again in the eighth the winners went the route of their batting order, this time scoring four more runs on five hits and two walks. Four of the runs came as a result of a mighty homer by Dick Wakefield, right fielder. The blow was almost a duplication of his home run of Friday night, going deep into right center. The bases were loaded when he hit Janisch’s delivery for four bases. Just to top things off in fine fashion and not to leave the score at an unlucky 13-4, the Wolves tallied a final run in the first of the ninth on a single by Cartmill and a pop fly by Wakefield after two were out which Cook lost in the sun, allowing the ball to drop safely in short center. Monday afteimoon the annual Freshman-Varsity battle, will be staged on Ross-Ade Recreational Field at 4:00. Only juniors and sophomores will be in the varsity line-up.
squad posted a 619 total for the 36 holes of medal play, followed by 623 for Notre Dame and 632 for Indiana. Earlier this year, both the Irish and the Hoosiers squads had beaten the Riveters in dual matches, a fact which accounted for most of the consternation which the Boilermaker victory aroused. Co-captain George Dahl of the Riveter squad came close to tieing the new state champ, Wade Knipp, but the bulky Dahl weakened on the second round to finish with two rounds of 76 for a 152 total and a tie for runner-up honors with Notre Dame’s Fehlig. The individual honors in the Little State division were taken by Elliott of DePauw, whose 153 total nosed out his closest competitors by one stroke. Yesterday’s Riveter victory finally broke the long enduring spell that Notre Dame has had over the state tourney. Up until yesterday’s' upset, Notre Dame had monopolized the field in ten of the eleven championships. Evidently under pressure, the majority of, the field that
Odds and chances of coming out on top will be greatly against the frosh baseball nine when it faces the sophomore-junior component of the varsity diamond squad on Ross,Ade Field tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock. Walter Leifheit and Ernie Young, stars of the Boilermaker veterans in the recent Minnesota game, are out to give the rhinies a good dusting off, and will be backed all the way with plenty of power and force by other outstanding members of Coach Dutch Fehring’s nine. VARSITY: Leifheit, pitcher; Young, catcher; McCaffry, fifst; 'McFerren, second; Rawles, third; Cook, short-stop; Bl^nken, leftfield; Rush, center field; and Janisch, right field. FRESHMAN: Jarvis, pitcher; Wargoor Rudelic, catcher; Jones, first; Cook, second; W. Burghardt, third; Olds, short-stop; Burger, left field; Hipp, center field ;and G. Burghardt, right field.
competed yesterday went to pieces under the nervous strain; a fact which may account for the mediocre scores. In the dual meets played at the West Lafayette Counti’y Club this year, scores have ranged anywhere from four to six strokes lower. Allspaw’s team showed no signs of cracking under the strain and their victory was proof of their nerve.
Pill Rollers
SUMMER RATES
Chicago Gary .... Peoria ..
O.W. R.T. $1.80 $2.95 Indianapolis 1,80 2.95 Cincinnati 3.05 5.50 St. Louis Pittsburgh, Philadelphia, New York — MEALS FREE —
O.W. R.T. $1.15 $2.10 2.90 5.25 4.00 6.40
Fast dependable service to Monticello, Logansport, Peru and Ft. Wayne
CATCH BUS AT South worth's Book Store Phones 7851-4475
STUDENTS-
Now is the time to sell your old books. We pay 50% cash and 60% trade-in for an3rthing we have in the store. Next year at this time, we may not be able to buy them as they may not be any good for use at Purdue.
• College Outline Series will help you to review your course the quickest and surest way.
DEAC’S
H. G. Reisner Book Store
JAe Sports Gestapo by Phil Johnson
• A Great Club There’s no doubt about it, this Michigan outfit is a classy ball club. Fielders, pitchers, and hitters, they have them all. Nelson in left field made several great catches during the series. Mike Sofiak was a fielding genius and also no slouch at the plate. ' We can understand now why Dick Wakefield is so much in demand by big league scouts. Those two home runs the lanky outfielder smashed were both 400 foot blows. Only Northwestern stands between Michigan and another conference baseball crown. • Really The End Although the game yesterday was the last encounter on the Boilermaker schedule, the diamond season is not yet at a close. Tomorrow afternoon a hard hitting freshman, squad will challenge the sophomore and junior members of the varsity nine in the annual Frosh-Var’feity battle. According to freshman coaches Pop Doan and Burt Sanders, the yearling squad should be capable of putting up very stiff resistance. Jarvis, a slight southpaw on the order of Mase Gould, yesterday’s winning Michigan hurler, will be on the mound for the frosh. Sophomore Walt Leifheit will probably be selected 'to handle the varsity pitching assignment. • Game Time—4 P. M. The game will begin promptly at 4 p. m. tomorrow afternoon. It will be played on the varsity diamond on Ross-Ade Recreational Field.
Scabbard
. . . and Blade, military honorary, installed the following officers at its meeting recently: William L. Sullivan, captain; Harry W. Hale, first lieutenant; Robert V. Youkey, second lieutenant; and Charles G. Yates, first sergeant.
Front row: Dr. Miller, Fred Willis, Larry Mackey, Walt ArdappleT Back row: Elmer Gullion, Norm Weitkamp, Bill Lucas, Ernest Goodwin. Five men, namely. Miller, Willis, Mackey, Fidler and Weitkamp, will bowl against the. Exponent Keglers tonight at 7 o’clock on the Union alleys. The Exponent team will be composed of Jim McKee, Irving Schnetzler, Larry Archibald, Don Powers and John Adamson.
TWIN POOLS
SWIM—GOLF—PICNIC 20 Miles Northwest OXFORD, INDIANA
i
L1V£ YOUR LIFE OF LEISURE IN...
I In-and’OUter shirt with § harmonizing slacks. Designed for a comfortable leisure life.
WILSON BROTHERS SPORT SHIRTS $1.00 up SLACKS 3.95 up
BALTIMORE CLOTHES SHOP 414 Main St. Phone 2873
Trackmen Beat Chicago, 93-38,
In Final Dual Meei^f Campaign
The regular track season for the Riveter thinlies drew to a close yesterday afternoon in Ross-Ade Stadium, as'Coach Phillips’ men defeated by a score of 93-38 a good natured, though sadly outclassed, Maroon squad from Chicago. During the course of the two hour meet, the Chicagoans were able, to garner but three first places out of the fifteen events run off.
Chicago Leaders , ■
Ray an^ Rendleman were the high scorers for the Maroons with 13 and 8 points respectively. A good many of the visitors’ tallies were chalked up in the field events and it was there that Ray scored the major portion of his total with firsts in the high jump and broad jump. The other Maroon win occurred in the shot put in which Rendleman took first, Riveter Jake Weber, second and Rider, another Chicago lad,
third.
In none of the distance event^s, in fact clear down to the 220 yard dash, were the visitors able to take either a first or a second to keep them in the meet. The gruelling two mile run saw Boilermaker tracksters Reeves, Stanley and McLaughlin finishing in a purposely run three-way tie for first, while Maroon runner Leggette trailed in fourth plabe after doggedly trailing the Riveter threesome 15 yards behind for the entire distance. In the mile run, Holderman and Kemp took first and second, as did Jentsch and Jarvis ,in the 880 and Anthony and Gaulke running the 440. Riveter Gaulke also copped a second in the 220, coming in just
a little behind another Gold and Black trackman, Bancker who got first. In the above races, the sum total of .points earned by the Chicago representatives was 4, in contrast to the Riveter total of points gained equal to 41. Seniors Show Well The ..departing seniors of the squad. Captain Ed Holderman, Jake Weber, Chuck Reeves and Seth Anderson piled up an imposing total -of points to aid in the Boilermaker cause. By vi^ue of three firsts, a second and a third, these four men annexed 19 points. Dave Rankin, another departing^ senior on. the squad did not compete in today’s tilts or, perhaps then the score might have been even higher. Both of the hurdle events of the afternoon—the 220 low hurdles and the 120 high hurdles were won by the Riveters. Kron and Sti'oyeck took first and second in the first event, leaving third place for Chicago’s Stabenau, and Kron again gained another first in the 120 high hurdles nosing out Harrison of the Maroons. Arnold of the Riveter camp took third.
DRAWING INSTRUMENTS are not os valuable as a transit—but they ARE too valuable to be misplaced or lost this summer.
Bring them to Southworth's and get the CASH they are worth.
PliRDlEBOOK^SimY STORE
308-H> STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE INQ
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Professional
Risk Dental Clinic
DR. RAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4t«'ir Main Sta. Phona 5710
• Hardware
If It's' Hardware We Have It
Quality Mdae.—Lower Prices
/
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Phone 4354 We Deliver
• Dairy Product^
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY
QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
Locksmith
Keys l<i^
Keys and Locks
for trunks, 4ioor locks, desk , night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, ac-
cessories and repairing. MULHAUPT'S
20*-l 1 N. Sth »t. Rhone aSZt
School Supplies
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
LAFAYETTC
LATEST BOOKS - BEST AUTHOF 3c PER DAY - lOc MINIMU
Complete Line of Greeting Cards University Book Store
M. C. "Red" Sanrimoru '29 R. W. "Doc" Epple '40
Photographers
Cameras and Supplies Picture Framing
HINEA PHOTOGRAPHER 634 Main St. Phone 7775
• Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG SHOE REBUILDING Phone 2240 221 State
u