/
#
I
, 'i ^ )^h 'H * ;.-' “-'i \ ^ ^ s - •- . ^ ‘ V
)/.i.» < ‘ >»»"
^ r y'' ^7"“^ ^
, 7 t r^ _
J«, 4
* - » '^^*
EMMETT LOWERY To Fill Vacancy Left By Burnham
\
STUDEHT-TIACHEII Relations Are Critical Says Editorial ,,^1
Established 1889
Volume 54, No. 34
West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, July 26, 1942
Stewart To Conduct
'Victory Song Fest’
Teachers, ^|udenfs To Hear Comributfons
Next Saturday, a “Victory Song Fest”, under the supervision of A1 Stewart, will be held in the air-conditioned Music Hall at 8 p. m. The summer song fest is an annual affair, the first having taken place in the Union court nine years ago, when L.-M. Vallely, Union manager served free lemonade to
To
1-/
those who attended.
The second song fest was also held in the Union court, and even without free lemonade the crowd was so large that a woman who was trying to
Ta n,4M««La.M''#i kil •"* ®ee the show a little better from a 10 l/0ndlllJ6 S ImUSIC on the outskirts of the
crowd fell from the top of a car and
broke her leg.
Moves To Stadium
900 Couples Dance At Summer Prom
More than. 900 couples filled the Union last Friday night to dance to the “Low Down Rhythms” of A1 Donahue, playing at the last’ big Union dance of the semester. Because of the lack of interest, no King and Queen were chosen for Friday’s affair. Although it was requested at the first of the week that corsages should not be worn, they weie never definitely banned; and many were in evidence at the
dance.
Castle Farms Next Following his engagement here, Donahue left for a week’s engagement at the Castle Farms in Cincinnati, Ohio. His band featured the songs of Snooky Lanson and Jean Gordon, and came to the campus directly from the Oriental Theatre in Chicago. Although the Prom was the last big Union dance of the summer semester, at least two more ..mixers will be held at dates to be announced later by the Union committee. Besides these Union sponsored dances, a Cary Hall dance will be held befoie the semester closes, but this will be a closed affair, open only to lesidents of Gary Hall and outsiders by invitation.
five Students To Talk At iSpeech 14 Convo
By the time the third song fest was scheduled the crowd was getting too big for the Union court and so the fest was held in the Stadium and the organ music was wired out from Fowler Hall. Other programs featured were an amateur contest and old fashioned movies. The theme of this Victory Song Fest will be “This is my Country,” a Fred Waring song which the Glee Club adopted in New York. The program will be under the guiding hand of A1 Stewart and his Glee Club, and will consist, for the most part, of community singing. However, the Glee Club will be featured in a few numbers. Marvin Smith, tenor soloist with the Glee Club, will make his final appearance at the University at this song fest, for he is expecting to be called into the Air Corps in the immediate future. Popular and patriotic songs such as “Don’t Sit Under the Apple Tree”, “Johnny Doughboy”, “Homo on the Range”, “Bicycle Built for Two”, “My Bonnie Lies Over the Ocean”, “God Bless America” and “America the Beautiful”. The Victory Song Fest, which is being .sponsored by the War Council, will be open without chaige to all who caz'c to attend.
Tuesday Highf
Five students chosen from twen-ty-two nomipees from Speech 14 classes will give a demonstration of business pioject speeches at a convocation to be held in Fowler Hpll Tuesday night at 7:1B. All Speech 14 students must attend this convocation, which will replace one class meeting. Speakeis will be Bill Paisley, Jeanne Fountaine, Donald Lucas, W. P. Simpson and T. F. Montgomeiy. The program ;s not a contest, but a demonstiation, pccording to Prol. L. S. Winch, of the speech department, who is in charge of the affair.
New Student Admissions keachllSO
I f
AdihlskiOh of neW students for
Each student ol Speech 14 was required to piesent a hypothetical problem business speech. The best were chosen fiom each class, and from these twenty-two the five students whq will give the demonstration Tuesday night were chosen.
the fall tprm, which will open August 29, have alieady topped 1260, Thiity-four states and approximately 226 communities in Indiana are represented, as well as\ Canada, Uraguay, Iraq, China, Bolivia, Hawaii and the Canal Zone. An increase in number of women entering engineering is shown by the admission records. The demand tor specialisfs in the fields of engineering, science and pharmacy may result in a substantial increase in the enrollment of women in these courses at the University. A large number of men will be attracted by the need for trained scientists and engineers in connection with the industiial and war activities of the United States.
J ".S' , t ' Teachers^^ and sfrrdeAts of Pharmacy from throughout the Middle West will come to the University to attend the second seminar of the American Institute of the Histofy of Pharmacy tomorrow and Tuesday. Program for the seminar was announced recently by Dr. C. 0. Lee of the School of Pharmacy. The progi’am will be opened by Dean Glenn L. Jenkins, after which Dr. Lee will give a talk on the “Teaching of the History of Pharmacy in Our Colleges of Pharmacy.” Dean Rufus A. Lyman will then discuss outlines for history, literature and ethics of Pharmacy. Baron to Speak on Mexico Mexico’s contribution to Pharmacy will be discussed by Miss Bertha fearon, now a graduate student at the University of Texas, and the director of the American Institute of the History of Pharmacy, at the University of Wisconsin. Dr. George Urdatig will speak about Pharmancy m Ancient Babylon, Assyria, Palestine, and Egypt.Dr. C. L. Porter, of "the University biology ^taff, will speak on the ways in which pharmaceutical knowledge was increased by early botanists. The place of scientific techniques in the general history of culture will be discussed by Dr. L. M. Sears, University history professor. Curry, Stoll To Give History Talk Dean G. L. Curry and Prof. F. D. Stoll, graduate students at the Louisville Pharmacy College, will give the history of that college. “Why Study the History of One’s Profession?” will be discussed by Dr. W. E. Howland of the school of Civil Engineering. Dr. Urdang will speak about Carl Wilhelm Scheele, the first noted apothecary of the profession. Dean B. V. Christensen, of the Ohio State University College of Pharmacy, and President of the American Pharmaceutical Association will discuss the history of the organization. Elviiig Tells Chem Contributions Tlie contributions of Chemistry to the phaimacy profession will be told by Dr. P. J. Elving of the Chemistry department, and Dr. C. J. Zufall of the University pharmacy staff will speak on the part played by biographical studies in the teaching of pharmacy.
Iquip^nt M^ecl^d For Prisoners
Elliott Will Speak Roy Scouts To Collect
OnWarTimeDutjes
Of Students
All Campus Salvage
Capt.C.J. Trees Heads 301st
Ordnance Unit
Flies, Lack Of Comfortable Classrooms
Annoy Complaining Summer Student
With the Prom over, hot weather setting in, and flies buzzing around our ears we settle down to nurse our complaints and wonder how many things we can find lacking in thp University, not that wb want to reform anything, we just want to be sure we are abused. Item one on the list is the lack of pooling devices in classrooms. What about a few more electric faps in lecture halls, labs, and recitation rooms? If we are short on inechanicaL devices, maybe the funeral homos would come through with some hand operated gadgets. Besides the movement of fanning might keep us awake in class— possibly. Invention Wanted What about the flies? We’ve all democratic, but the flies don’t really need an education, and they don’t pay any tuition either. How about some flyswatters? Perhaps someone could invent a combination flyswatter and fan. At the present time we can »acount for six pencil sharpener on the entire campus. There must bp
more than this. Where are they? While we are on the subject of wilting, there is also the matter of chalk. We should like to offer a reward for anyone who can find a piece of chalk on the campus that measures more than 1 inch in length.
Refreshments For PE 12 Chemistry lab Murses might also be revamped soMhat the expeiimonter needn’t get vari-colored and indelible stains on himself the day before Prom. There should be a law against it. And while we’re passing laws, how about an appropriation for a refreshment stand on the PE 12 obstacle course. There should be a movie on this side of the liver, too. And we’ie not saying that every convo should have Tonpny Doisey, but at least one out of every three. That’s all the complaints we can think of at the moment. Don’t worry about it. We don’t mean to complain, but just once in a while wd have to air our views.
Executive officer and right hand man coordinating the unusual 301st Ordnance Regiment is Capt. C. J. Trees, graduate of the University in 1937. Captain Trees transferred from Field Artillery to Ordnance in 1940, and was appointed personnel adjutant and assistant adjutant at the Aberdeen Proving Ground. From there he went to the Jefferson Proving Ground at Madison, where he played a responsible part in the big construction program. Scheduled For Overseas Duty Last April Captain Trees was received as executive officer and provost marshal at the Jei{ferson Broving Ground so. that he could accompany Colonel Cabell, head of the 301st Regiment, on a whirlwind tour of the country to enlist automobile dealers and garage men in the special ordnance division, which will soon go overseas to repair tractors, tanks, trucks, cars and guns, Evei^y man in the regiment is a technician fitted to do the job ahead. Most of these '-men come from the West, volunteering their services at the request of the National Automobile Dealers Association.
George D. Wheeler,’ general secretary of the local Young Men’s Christian Association, has announefed a drive for the citizens of Y.M.C.A. in aiding the heroes of Bataan and Wake Island. The appeal is for athletic equipment and musical instruments for American and other United Nations’ fighting men held as prisoners of war in the Far East. Especially needed are balls, bats, gloves, masks, suits, and other baseball items. These will go to the ball-playing soldiers of the United States, Canada and the Philippines. Other items needed are basketballs, soccer balls, volley balls, footballs, and such tables games as ping pong, chess, and checkers. Musical Instruments In Demand Musical instruments, most in demand are violins, saxophones, trumpets, cornets, clarinets, trombones, guitars, banjos, French horns, cellos, flutes, oboes, and bassoons. While the equipment need not be new ,it is extremely important that it be in good condition. This is not a salvage campaign, but rather an appeal for materials that will be of immediate use to the war prisoners. It can be appreciated that neither the time nor funds are available to make extensive repairs to thousands of pieces of athletic equipment and musical instruments. It is hoped that in addition to contributions from private citizens, members of amateur and professional athletic and musical organizations will donate equipment still serviceable but not regularly used. The collection in Lafayette is part of a national campaign being conducted for Prisoners of War by the Y.M.C.A. The drive will continue for the duration of the war and the materials may be taken to the Y.M.C.A. These mateiials will be sent to the piisoners by the World’s Alliance of Y.M.C.A.’s, an international oiganization enjoying the confidence of all belligerents, on a neutral relief ship expected to sail from a West Coast port this summer. The Y.M.C.A. is able to serve Americans captured in the Par East because its war prisoner aid benefits aie extended to prisoners throughout the woild, regardless of their nationality. Under^provisions of the Geneva Convention relative to treatment of prispners of war, both the Axis and United Nations have requested the World’s Alliance ol Y.M.C.A.’s to provide recreational, educational, cultural and lehgious activities for their war prisoners. The “Y” now is carrying on this humanitarian work in more than 600 prison camps.
President Elliott will take time off from his Washington duties in order to attempt to answer questions concerning war time duties and responsibilities of the student at the all-University convocation in the Music Hall at 11 a. m. next Priday. Classes will be dismissed for the program, and the convocation will not be broadcast. All students are urged to be present, as President Elliott will discuss such topics as the opportunities and standing of students who enter industry, the latest staus of the student with the draft and the intricacies df the many reserve plans now 'offer-ed. Information Comes Direct Hi's information will be direct from Washington where he has served for the last four weeks as director of the technical and military services in the colleges and universities of the nation. In addition to his first job he is now head of the national roster, which lists 600,000 professional men and specialties; the Proucurement and Assignment Office which selects surgeons and physicians for military service; and the U. S. Office of Education program for engineering, science and management defense training. The program is sponsored by the Student War Council with President Elliott as the only speaker. The Men’s Glee Club, under the direction of A. P. Stewart, will sing two numbers.
At the end of^the next week the War Council working undefT the auspices of the USO will carry on an all campus salvage drive. In the earlier part of the week the house managers of all fraternities^*, sororities, co-op houses and other rooming houses operated by students will receive a letter telling them what kind of material will do the most good ofr the war eifort
and the manner in which the
salvage should, be prepared for collection. Arrangements have been made for the Lafayette Boy Scout troops toi visit^each organization and collect whatever salvage materials the organization will give them. The primary purpose of the salvage drive is to obtain more scrap rubber to be used in the manufacturing of army equipment and vai^ rious types of guns, airplanes, battleships and automobiles. Battleships Use 75 Tons Each Every modern battleship uses 75 tons of rubber, 17,143 automobile tires. In each pontoon bridge that weighs about ten tons there is approximately 3,200 pounds of rubber. Each man in the army must have a rain coat and each rain coat takes two pounds of rubber. 175 pounds of rubber are used on the manufacture of a single 76 mm. gun. Rubber is used to bullet-proof the gasoline tanks in fighting aircraft, and to bullet-proof the gas tank on a Flying Fortress so that an anti-aircraft bullet may tear through it without bringing the plane to earth or setting it on fire requires 1,246 pounds of rubber.
Safely Instttule Fo Hold School
Thursday, Friday
Chart Shows Johnston
Progress
Will Speak
Of Stamp Sales Before AlChE
Lieut. Marcus Saves
• $20,000
First Lieut. Jack L. Marcus, EE ’39, made the headlines in a Panama newspaper for saving two runaway “rubber cows” recently by a method of his own. His feat saved the government an estimated $20,000. The rubber cows, as they are called, are barrage balloons which float at different levels to supplant coast artillery defense and are said to form the densest bairage field in the world. Lieut. Marcus is stationed “somewhere in Panama” for a year with the outfit which has charge of the rubber cows.
Girls' Swim Classes
To Begin Monday
David E. Ross
According to fhe reports from Home Hospital as of li;45 last night, David E. Ross, president of the Board of Trustees, is still in a critical condition. Ross has been seriously ill for more than a week, his condition remaining criticgl for the past four days.
Third and final four week period of beginning and advanced’ swimming classes for high school and glade girls will begin next Monday at the Women’s Gym. The classes, which are taUght by Maiy Scoville of the department of physical education for women, will meet each Monday, Wednesday and Friday morning at 9:30 until August 21. A fee of $1.60 will be charged for the period and will include instruction, suits, shower, towel and locker privileges. A health certificate must be presented in order to take the course.
According to the chart in front of the Sweet Shop the Sigma Alpha Mu fraternity is leading in the all campus War Stamp contest with an average total purchase of 37 cents per man having been made since the contest started. This contest has been sponsored by the Union since Monday, June 8; and the stamp booth in front of the Sweet Shop is operating regularly six days a week between the hours of 4 and 5:30 p. m. Phi Tan’s Second Second place in the contest is held ' by Phi Kappa Tau with an average total purchase of defense stamps per man of 36 cents. In third,place is Sigma Alpha Epsilon with an average of 24 cents per man. The next highest organization is Tau Epsilon Phi with an average of 18 cents. The other organizations on the campus have very low averages by comparison to the first three, and according to the chart not a single member in a co-op house has purchased any war stamps since the contest began. WRH Leads Cary Hall WRH is far ahead ot the Cary Hall boys. The average per man in Cary Hall is one cent, while the average purchase of war stamps per each girl in WRH is ten cents. Two out of the three sororities which have their houses operating this summer have not purchased any war stamps at all. The Alpha Chi Omega sorority has an average purchase of six cents per girl. 13 Fraternities Buy Stamps Of the thirty-five fraternities on the campus only thirteen have purchased stamps. Besides the first four the following fraternities have the averages indicated: Alpha Kappa Lambda, four cents; Alpha Tau Omega, three cents; Lambda Chi Alpha, seven cents; Delta Tau Delta, two and a half cents; Delta Upsilon, two and a half cents; Phi Gamma Delta, three cents; Phi Kappa Psi, five cents; Sigma Chi, seven and a half cents, and Sigma Nu, four cents.
Lt. Col. W. A. Johnston, head of the Civilian Protection School here, will be guest speaker at a meeting of AIChE which is to be held in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building Wednesday at 7:30 p. m. Colonel Johnston rVill shotv a film on incendiary protection amd war gas protection. His subjeci will he “War Gases and Incendiaries,” find after completing his spehch he will answer such questions as the members attending the meeting may wish to ask.
Indnstr^) protection instruction on such subjects as war traflSc and car conservation, searches of individuals and areas, patrol problems, blackouts and camouflage, war gases, self-defense, methods of fingerprinting and preservation of evidence, effects of bombing on buildings and personnel, incendiary exercises and demonstrations will be given at the University next Thursday and Friday for 125 oflScers of Indiana manufacturmg plants who are expected to attend a school sponsored by the Industrial Protection Division of the Public Safety Institute. Among those on the program will be Lieut. Don L. Kooken, Detective Fred S. Posler and R. F. Borkenstein of the Indiana State Police; Prof. F. E. Soneson, J. L. Lingo, Wayne Timmons and Capt. Kline of the University} Lieut. Col. W. A. Johnston, Capt. W. L. Gilliland and Lieut. G. S. Chittick of the Chemical Service, who are on duty at the University conducting the civilian protection training school. Bombing Demonstration On Friday * One of the highlights of the two day training period will he the bombing of the “skeleton” village immediately north of the Ross-Ade Stadium, which will take place Friday night for the benefit of both the plant protection men and those who tviU he here at the same time for the fi:fa;h Civilian Defense Protection School, conducted by the Chemical Warfare Service of the War Department.
University NY A To Continue Next Semester
To Discuss Gas Topics he will discuss include reasons gas has not been used in warfare, what the results of the uses of such gases are and what civilian protection is effective. Johnston had been a reserve officer for many years before he was called to active duty one and onehalf years ago from his job as teacher of chemistry at Lindenbloom Technical High School in Chicago.
Educators Address
Kappa Della Pi Group
Kappa Delta Pi, national education honorary, held an open meeting Wednesday night in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union featuring a panel discussion on the factors considered in the selection of the beginning teacher and problems relating to the interview. Doris Bower, president, introduced the several superintendents and principals from Indiana and surrounding states who are attending the annual Principals’ Workshop here. Over fifty members, Kappa Delta alumni, and education majors attended. Refreshments were served. Committee chairmen in charge of the meeting were as follows; program, Max Stults; invitations, Betty Brown; publicity, Dorothy Arvidson; arrangements, Cai'olyn McCrary; and music, Margie Buntain.
Strazheim To Join
Home fc Staff
Notice
To Members of the Faculty: The regular monthly meeting of theo Faculty will be held on Monday, July 27, at 4 p. m., in Eliza Fowler Hall. Edward C. Elliott, / Preaideat
Triton Club To Hold Initiation Tomorrow Triton Club, wopien swipuning honorary, will hold initiation of new members tomorrow night at the swimming pool at 7:30, The five pledges are Lois Clark, Honore von Harz, Dorothy Heckard, Beth Schaup, and Loretta Ratbman.
Marie Strazheim, of Dayton, Ohio, who is now working on her master’s degree in food and nutrition at Cornell, will take a position on the University home economics extension staff on September 10. Mias Strazheim will replace Miss Bernice Kohlmeyer, who resigned several weeks ago to be married. The announcement of the apipointment was made yesterday by Leila Gladdis, state leader of home economics extension, work, who has just returned to her office after an appendicitis opacatiott.
National Youth Administration part time employment for college students will be continued during the coming academic year, but on a restricted scale, according to word received yesterday by Prof. F. C. Hockema, assistant to the piesi--dent of the University. A letter from Aubrey Williams, national NYA administrator, stated that Congress had appiropriated $6,000,000 to aid needy college students by paying them for work in institutions where they are enrolled. This is about half of the money used the previous year and means that the number of NYA jobs available will be reduced in proportion. Vogler In Charge The NYA program at the University is now being administered by the persoimel office; and W. E. * Vogler, director of personnel for the Schools of Engineering and Science, will supply applications for those who wish to get NYA work during the coming year. The applicapt must have the approval of the Dean of Men before he is certified for NYA work, which is limited to those who actnaUy need it to epable thorn to meet their expenses while in^ the University.'■' '■ ■ ' ^ ”■ '■ ' ' ' . ''sunady,%Jy26,lU£:K
Purdue Exponent
biNfices: Editorial and Business, 'Purdue tAeinorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
tvditor-in-Chiff.. News Kdilor MaiiaffiiiE Eilitor SporlK Editor ...^ nii»inrRS MaiiiiB«r Cironiatiiin Manager.. Coed Editor
John F. Amo: Don T. Broph> ..John H. Armstrone Robert L. Hadle; .AVilliam D. Millar. :.Ken K. Gjemr. ..Alice Chalflel.
Publication Staff Aeaoriate Editora Editorial Staff; R. W. Boswinkle, It. E. Butz, W. G. Hoskins A. r. Mirnter, f>. W. Ochiltree. W. E. Rafert. Sports Staff: 1). lil. Brewer, J. S. Dawson, E. L. Karpick. Coed Sl.iff: Sally Beall, Charlotte Haas, Jean Lauer. Business Staff Coed BiiaineBo Manager: Julia Martin. -Adytilising Managers: J. M. Wright, D. L. Johnson. Circulation Manager: G. H. Kiouman. Areoiints Manager: Trena Torrenga, ^Junior Coed Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane Keim,
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Boswinkle Day Editor: Beall Sports Editor: Daw^son Issue Editor: Rollins Reporters: Miller, Hudson, Murphy.
Entered .as second class matter at the post office in t*fay ctie. Iniiiaii.a, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and .et the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Ocloher 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Publishec on Wctln.stiay, Friday and Sunday mornings during the sum mer .Si nv .St. r and daily except Monday during the fall am wiiiCr senii.'it 'rs. Delivered locally by carrier for $1.2B fo. snnum r s.-mest i r : mailed subscription $1.00. Ri presented for national advertising by National Advertis ivig S'rvicp, liir.. College Publishers Representatives. 421 M.ariisou Ave., New York, N. Y. '
Before The Battle Rages La.st Spring we were feeling pretty proud of oruselves. We had written a number of editorials on teacher-student relations and we really received some interesting and important comments and suggestions from both the class-room and the study room. We attended two “good teacher” dinners sponsored by Sigma Della Chi, and were overjoyed with the .sympal.hetic attitude of both the faculty and tile students in getting together,'airing their diil'ercnces and TOGETHER working out some solution. Ah, we thought; at last a step toward tearing down the production line attitude toward education which has developed in a number of .American Universities since the advent of the age of technology. We were proud of ourselves—then. But right now we feel like the preacher who has, devoted his life to saving the souls of his parishoners at the expense of his own, but to die and find his entire congregation waiting in Hell to greet him. The first great test of cooperation in.solving a University problem concerning the faculty and students has been given. And both teacher and pupil ,deserve a big, round^ero—they both flunked! Ey^cii as we write this we hear wild rumors (at least we hope they are) of drastic action the administration is to take in regard to class cuLting. We hear equally wild stories of how the student body will rise up against any curtailing of student privileges. On both sides there is plenty of antagonism. “Any of you students, who don’t feel like coming to class, shouldn’t expect any help in getting deferred when you are called for classification, because we liavG definite instructions from Washington to weed out all men in University who do not'.show the ^proper interest in completing their education,” is a familiar battle ery in a certain ME class. Then we have another instructor in a popular “gripe”„course, who gave a problem on a test that he himself admitted , to a colleague could not be worked by the student in the allotted time of the test. He voiced his attitude as, “I don’t care if they all flunk the test. I’ll show them they can’t cut my class.” It seems that about half the class was absent the day he explained a problem similar to the stickler he gave on the test. Every day we hear more and more of these stories. Perhaps a few, probably quite a few, are told by the students a little more vividly, til an they actually deserve being told. The point is, that there is an attitude of hostility or to u.se a common campus term of “sourne.ss” developing among a large part of the faculty on the large in increase in student cut-
ting this summer.
Before any I'egrettable official action is taken on this problem we would like to make this plea that the students and faculty get to-
gether and discuss the problem.
Has any member of the faculty taken time put to find how his charges felt about cutting ? If he has, we have not heard about it. |£ -he does, he will probably be shocked to fiind that students themselves believe that cla,s&-cutting this seme.ster has been far in the Seless. How many instructors have tried espdji^aijy hard this summer to keep their claseesjinteresting enough to compete with a hot;:di^pwsy afternoon? How many instructorji; iffive had the foresight to cut out a lot of iffilipportant material from their courses this^u^mer and just make sure that the studen||,,.,learn the essentials as thoroughly as
po.s.'iijfeie ?
Wd are not trying to white-wa.sh the studen^ind say it has been terribly hard for him to kM|>: up the pace demanded by class work and continue in school the year round with few breathing spells. We realize that it also ha^ been trying for the faculty to keep up
MERRr-<S0-R0IIMI> By Drew Pearson Military Police/Shore Patrol, Panama National Police, Colonel Make Soldiers 'Be Good' Two U. S. Army officers called at the Mexican Embassy the other day, and asked to speak to Mexican Ambassador Castilla Najera. The Ambassador, one of the busiest men in the Diplomatic Corps, sent word suggesting that they talk to the Mexican Miltary Attache. But they insisted on seeing him.. “We have come,” said Lt. Col. Theodore Babbitt, senior of the two officers, “to inquire whether you are going to permit the Russian mission to visit
Mexico.”
Col. Babbitt referred to the Russian Mission which had just arrived in the United States, and which, following Mexico’s declaration of war, was planning to cement relations between the two new allies. Col Babbitt then went on to say that the Russian Mission to Mexico must be stopped, that they would merely stir up trouble, and that the Ambassador should intervene immediately. “Have you talked this over with the State Department?” the Ambassador asked. “It seems to me this is something for them to con.sider.” “No, we don’t want to go near the tSate Department,” was the answer. The Mexican Ambassador gave them no satisfaction, however, and the two officers departed. The Russian Mission did go to Mexico. When hews of this incident leaked out, it was made clear here that the two officers did not represent the views of the United States. However, the incident is most important, because it illustrates why the Russians still will not let American army observers visit the Russian front. Apparently they have good cause not to trust all of our army. • U. S. Foreign Legion Most people don’t realize it, but there are many enemy aliens who are officers in the U. S. Army. In fact the Army, true to the American tradition of the melting pot, is made up of American citizens of almost every national and racial background, including 2,720 German aliens, not to mention 2,700 Germans who are naturalized citizens. The Italian total is 2,472 aliens and 3,781 naturalized. In addition, there are 644 Japanese in the Army, plus 3,000 Japanese-Americans, formerly of the Hawaiian aNtional Guard, most of whom are assigned to the 100th Battalion at Fort McCoy, Wis. The Army goes on the assumption that any man who wants to fight can be a good soldier. Of course, the “enemy aliens” are checked and double-checked before they are admitted for enlistment. The men who pass these tests are found to be even more zealous for the defeat of the dictators than the average American. e Latin American Battalions To make the melting pot more complex, the Army has a Filipino infantry battalion, and is forming a battalion for Noi'wegians in the U. S. and NorwegianAmericans. Instructions and conversation in this unit will be in the Norwegian language. Equally eager to fight are thousands of LatinAmericans, especially from the nearer countries, such as Cuba and Mexico. The office of the U. S. Military Attache in Havana is flooded with applications from young Cubans who want to wear the uniform of Uncle S.am. Mo.st of them would renounce Cuban citizenship if necessary. But what they do not realize is that if they come to' the United States, they are likely to be swept into the U. S. Army, whether they like it or not. Within five days after entering this country, aliens must register for the draft, and they had better leave the country pronto if they don’t want to be inducted. . Not yet arranged, but highly desirable, is a LatinAmerican battalion. Tlrefe are now ten Latin-Ameri-can countries which have declared war on the Axi.s, and thousands of their young men want to follow up that declaration with something more than polipe duty at home. • Army Takes Panama The man best known to the thousands of U. S. soldiers in Panama—and there are so many thousands that the exact number is a military secret—is a certain colonel who carries an MP band on his arm and darts about from Mom’s Place to the Blue Goose, and from Happy Land to Villa d’Amor, to see that the boys behave. Col. Paul L. Singer, the Provost Marshal, has a military police force as large as many a metropolitan police force, and the responsibility of being a big brother to every arrant private in Panama. Once a cavalary officer Col. Singer rides hard on the rule-breakers, but gives free rein to those who obey the book. The book says that every man must clear out of Panama City and get back into the Canal Zone by eleven o’clock. The book also says a soldier must keep to the first floor front of the cafes he visits. Forbidden are the dark second floor and the darker back alleys^where the water of the Pacific washes around the pilings, and a man can be “rolled” and “tumbled” and never heard of again. • Panama^s Blue Moon The policy of Col. Singer’s Military Police is based on thi.s precept: “After a man has been on jungle position for ten days, it’s his inalienable light to have a good time.” The proprietors as well as the soldiers know Singer’s rule.s, and break them at-their perlol. The penalty is blacklisting. So if you find two or three night spots in Panama doing poor business, it’s because they have trespassed. If a.soldier boy shows'his face there, the MP’s rush him off to the clink. Unique iri Panama policing is thq fact that three (See MERRY-GO-ROUND, page 4) the pace of teaching the year round. Instead of presenting a threatening attitude to the students on class-cutting, our instructoiYs might find it very profitable to spend the time consumed in a holy, pedagogical tirade against the passive resistance to learning exhibited by his classes, in finding out just WHY his classes are empty by aslfing his .students and hearirig their side of the story too.—d.t.b.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liclity
“We’re dancing in
Shop this-afternoon, believe it or
Personnel Notes « Carnegie-lllinois Steel Corpora-
the Sweet Works—Coming Tues-
day, July 28, Interested in August
‘Whatkind of barber you like? strategist or a post-war planner ?”
University Calendar
July 26-Aug. 1
cnoR uiib ar.c.nuun, M Science or Engineering seniors innot’ . . . such was the good word , , . , ,7 • othat went around the campusa.es- ‘“'e»*“l f “ terday like a forest fire. To those of Office by Monday, July
US that have been hoping and work- .
ing toward the inauguration of Curtisd-Wright Corporation, Passome kind of afternoon entertain- sale. New Jersey Coming Thursment it came as a pleasant surprise. July 30- Interestted in August In these columns and by many Aero E, CE, EE, PSE, ME, MetE, personal contacts wcuhave been en- ChE. Sign in Personnel Office by deavoring for months to convince 3:00 p. m. Wednesday, July 29, the faculty and the Union that we ‘ .—-— need some 'kind of relaxation that rphe Parker Appliance Company, is a little more strenuous than coke Cleveland, Ohio—Interested in Audrinking. Yesterday afternoon’s ex- qj. December ME. Sign in Perperiment... and it WAS'ONLY AN gonnel Office by Saturday, August
EXPERIMENT we hear . . . seems ' • ' ' " .
to prove that someone somewhere Reynolds Metals Company, Louisin the University administration in Metsaw thp sincere need for novelty in allurgical Engineers. Sign in Perthe too-dull academic routine. sonnel Office by 'Wednesday, August As much as we could glean from - apparently responsible sources yes- Berkey and Gay Furniture Comterday, the regular afternoon danc- pany, Grand Rapids, Michigan—Ining in the Sweet Shop is a definite ^erested in seniors and undergradpossibility. Yesterday s experiment, yates in Aero. E. Sign in Personnel unpublicized, was expressly for the Qfljcg ijy Wednesday, August 6.
purpose of determining if the stu-
dents really wanted the floor cleared
or if they were merely griping, the same honors as the national Now, if there is any doubt in the antherrl. As yet the “Star Spangled official minds as to whether or not Banner” holds this distinction alone we want tea dances, all we can say and should continue to do so, “God • they certainly were not in Bless America” is a beautiful songi
A battle prophet, a mihtaiy shop yesterday afternoon. but it lacks the solemnity and depth
The only stipulations to bp placed of Francis Scott Key’s soul-stirting on the affairs, if they become a re- pictur.e of the flag waving “O’er the ality, are that they DO NOT IN- land of the free and the home of the
Monday, July 27
4:30 P.M. 7:00 P.M.
2:00 P.M. 4:00 P.M. 7:00 P.M. 7:00 P.M. 7:00 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M.
6:00 P.M. 7:00 P.M. 7:00 P,M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M.
7:00 A.M. 2:30 P.M. 3.00 P.M. 6:00 P.M, 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M.
American Institute of the History of Pharmacy Pharmacy Building Defense Group ..Room 212, Union Cosmopolitan Club Meeting Room 304, Union Tuesday, July 28 American Institute of the Histoi’y of Pharmacy ..., ..Pharmacy Building Toi'nato Fieklmcn Conference ....Room 303, Union Committee on State of Univer.sity..Room 203, Union Christian Science Meeting ...Room 303, Union Alpha Phi Omega Meeting....;;.., Room 307, Union Scabbard & Blade Meeting. Room 304, Union Making the Most of Your Homo......Room 203, Uhion Speech 14 Convocation... Eliza Fowler Hall
TERFERE WITPI REGULAR CLASSROOM ATTEDANCE, and that the jitterbugs do not kick the wall out of the cafeteria or cause a terrific drain on the music room patvoiiag'e. We hope that the users of the .so generously profered dance floor will remember that it’s up to them to cooperate with the Union man-
brave”.
Perhaps everybody can’t cover the range of notes used in the older song but that doesn’t keep,, them from trying-. We think that the substitution of the “Star-Spangled Banner” for “Clod Bless America” on a few public programs would be a welcome change—at least for college students -who have built up a
agement to keep the floor orderly, tei-j.jfjc “bate” for the very obvious We; do,n’t know when the next^ one attempt to synthesize patriotism will be, but the ti'ond is definitely -where patriotism has already exist-
in the right direction.
Wednesday, July 29
Civil Engineering Staff Dinner Old Chestnut Rm., Union First Aid Glass ....Room 305, Union Christian Fcllowsiiii) Meeting.. .....Rooni 307, Union Marriage Coui-se ; Room.s 302, 304, Union Univer.sity Club Bridge Group -E. Faculty I,ge., Union Alpha Zeta Smoker W. Faculty Lge., Union A.I.Ch.E, Meteing (Open)......, . ..Room 129, EE Building
What’s bocomo of the “StarSpangled Banner” or have we abandoned it as our national anthem? It would seem to the ordinary Ob-^ server that in all the propaganda that has been put out at public g-atherings very.little attention has been given to jthe son,g that supposedly is the official hymn of our country. We won’t debate the merits of Irving Berlin’s “God Bless America”, but ive do dispute its right to
ed. We have come to accept the “Star Spangled Banner” as a part of our birthright but we resent “canned spirit, prepared especially for popular consumption”. —^ Reprinted from the Exponent of Oct.
22, 1940.
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
Thursday, July 30
Indiistri:il Protection School,....-.....-.Noi-th Ballroom, Union Tea and Reception E. Faculty T.ge., Union Screen Revio'Y ...Hall of Music . Delta Rho Kappa Mooting Room 334, Union 'I’au Kappa Alplia Debate ....Eliza Fowler Hall Pi Tan-Sigma Informal Initiation..201 Russell St., W. L.
Friday, July 31
7:00 A.M. Industrial Protection School, North Ballroom, Union 11:00 A.M. Convocation—Di;. E. G. Elliott Jlall of Music 4:00 P.M. Purdue Order of Zouaves, Picnic.... 4-.30 P.M. Cosmopolitan Clul) : Room 304, Union Saturday, August- 1 6:00 P.M. Scabbard & Blade Rough Init......... Armory
TODAY - MON.
LUHA
TWO HITS
IRENE MANNING SA«'« n*w, and wondtriul I Starts TODAY- MARS
Nice Work, and He's Got (til
SSRIISSEU HIRES FRED MicMURRAY TO
STARTS TODAY . igm¥£fli
AIR CONDITIONED COOL
NOW SHOWING KAY'S NEWEST HIT
M-M-MUSIC'N MELODRAMA
DREW-* WYMAN and- KAY KVSER’S BAND featuring Harry Babbitt • Ish Kabibble • Sully Mason Trudy Irwin • Dorothy Dunn V lAu'oHS 'i?; HAROLD LLOYD
— ADDED SHORTS — Walt Disney Cartoon “PLUTO JUNIOR"
WINNING THEIR WINGS with Janies Stewart
— Admission This Picture -rNights and Sunday 35e Week Day Matinees 25e Children Always 10c PLUS TAX!-1#i I# “ i
' skt^ay,juiy 26,1942 ' • ']• Bouerhtak^F Sports
isf—. -.’a? tm.' Z
|7H«wr <Miw '^gf nmm
Fraternity Softball Schedule Nears End; Playoffs Will Follow
With two teams deadlocked in first place and several others just a game or two behind, the fraternity softball play will go into' its final stages this week with only three games remaining on the schedule, «Since the complete card*has been reduced from 20 to 18 games be-
Boil^ermaker-Wisconsin Series
I
Enters Twenty-Second Ye^r ‘ Designation of the Wisconsin game to be played here on October 24 as the Riveter’s official Homecoming marks the ninth successive, time that the burly Badgers have furnished the “even-year” Homecoming opposition for the Boilermakers, a check of the records of the thrill-packed football series revealed today. ^ Although the'Badgers hold the edge in the all-time series with 12 victories as compared
with nine triumphs for the Riveters and five ties, since the start of the modern series, which has proceeded without a break on a home and home basis since 1926, the Boilermakers have held the upper hand with seven Victories as compared with six
losses and four ties. Can Beat ’Em Here
The Riveter’s edge in the modern series has been largely compiled in the Hdpiecoming engagements here. Only once in the last eight visits to the Ross-Ade Stadium have the Badgers been able to return home
on the long end of the score, the j- a. x , , , . , . ^ cause of postponement, playoffs be-
tween the top eight teams will be run off to determine the champion. The race to date has been provided with plenty of thrills with the lead changing hands several
„ , ^ X j-x ij times since the beginning of play,
er fought than the standihg would
indicate. Few football fans will the Phi Belts held the lead by virtue ever forget the thrilling 19-19 tie ^heir nine consecutive wins within 1928, the Riveter’s 7-6 victory ^ ^^O’s in 1932, or the Badger’s Frank Mer- Now the TKE’s have riwell finish in 1940, which have jjito a tie with the Alpha
been among the highlights of the Omega team “upset” series. ^3 2
The ATO’s now have a record of 13 wins and only two defeats. Tau Kappa Epsilon has an identical average. Both of these squads seem certain to get into the playoffs since they could lose their remaining three games and still have a record within the eight best. Phi Kappa with 13 wins against 3 losses are almost certain to gajn a berth. The Phi Belts after having lost four straight following their long winning streak got back into the winning column Thursday and now have an average of 11 and 4 to tie Sigma Pi for sixth place honors. Theta Chi is in fifth with a 12 and
4 record.
Others Have Chance Other teams who have an inside chance of winding up in the top biackst are Phi Kappa Sigma, 10-5; Alpha Gamma Rho, 9-5; Sigma Alpha Mu, 10-6; Phi Kappa, 9-6; and Pi Kappa Alpha, 10-7.
s
ports Communique By Bob Hadley
s
when Wisconsin scored a touchdown in the last six seconds of play to
eke out a 14-13 triumph.
The Homecoming series here has been a memorable one, much hard-
The Army put an end to that much-speculated-on question of West Coast foofiall this fall, in an announcement the other day. Army officials stated that the game would be as legal as ever with certain stipulations regarding blackout preparations for night games in case of emergencies. «The institutions must also forego scheduled encounters if changes in the military situation make it necessary for the officials to cancel the games on short notice. The chief objection to the games, besides the beacon effect hf the lights at night games, is the gathering of huge crowds in one area, vulnerable to attack and increasing tne confusion caused by a sudden enemy movement. This concession probably means a great deal to the morale of the Westerners—the collegiate football on the coast is of the best. There is still some uncertainty about the traveling of the squads. While transportation will probably be fairly readily available for mpst teams to make relatively short trips, when it comes to crossing the continent, such as Southern Gal always does in its annual encounters with Ohio State, Notre Dame, etc., a slightly more coftiplfcated situation may arise. ' , A gang of Boilermaker gridders, desiring to demonstrate th6ir versatility and the muscles developed manicuring the golf course this summer, formed a softball team recently and are in search of opponents. The roster boasts as a battery Hajzyk and Simith; infielders Warren, Ruggieri, Harris, and Cycenas; and outer-garden men Harmsen, Chester, and Shimer. Somew’here in between the later gro^^ w|ll be A1 Luego ceasing them at short field. H the going gets rougn, Harmsen is slated for mound duty, according to advance tactical information. Anyone having a baseball team with nothing better to do should contact one of the above. They shouldn’t bo too tough. The baseball teams operating out of New York have been causing a lot of high blood pressure among opposing managers in the business in the last week. The teams referred to are Brooklyn and the Yanks, and, of course, they have been troublesome all season. However, the most recent unhappiness came as a result of over-populated benches. The Yanks were accused of having too many players hanging around when Hemsley was signed, and the Bodgers were assailed by Frankie Frisch of the Pirates for having a twenty-sixth man in uniform “just watching”. While National League President Prick passed over Frisch’s protest, a new rule did appear in thd senior circuit preventing the presence of an unsigned player on the players’ bench.
Badgers Win at Home
Wisconsin has been almbsj: as dominant on its home lot during the same period, allowing the Boilermakers but two victories in nine starts at Madison. Old-timers are strll talking about the 1931 game at Madison where the Badgers scored three touchdowns early in the first quarter on a highly favored Boilermaker eleven and managed to hold on for a 21-14 triumph. Signia Delta Psi All students interested in trying out for Sigma Belta Psi, national athletic honorary fraternity, are invited to attend the meeting to be held Tuesday night, July 28, at 7:15 in Room 107 of the Fieldhouse. Chief Clevett, prCseht national presidnt, will be there to give a short talk and
answer any questions.
WHAT A DAY! Disagreeable Meals give me'a disagreeable disposition!
My Wife Eats at the PURDUE UNION in the CAFETERIA Why don’t I try that?
Gee! What a surprise! This is one time my wife really said something sensible! For a delicious, appetising meal, EAT AT
Qualifiers Play For All-Campus Links Tourney Qualifiers for the All-Campus Golf Tourney, to be staged soon, are playing their 18-hole qualifying rounds this week on the 18-hole course north of Ross-Ade Stadium, Play for qualifications in the tourney will continue through 6 p. m. Sunday night, July 26, with the I-M office sorting the score cards for the tourney soon after. Score cards should be turned in immediately following the golf round and no cards will be accepted without two or more round scores. Columbian Park Pool Will Reopen Today Columbian Park municipal swimming pool in Lafayette will reopen today, it was Announced yesterday by park commissioner Edwai’d J,
Vaughan.
The pool has been closed since the beginning of the week so that workmen could wash down, disinfect and paint it. Tlje regular opening time will be in effect today.
CD/ef you Jinow Jhjcdt... Rubber is used for the defrosting devices on airplane wings, insulation on telephone and ignition wires and on practically every type of weapon produced today.
A battleship will use 18,000 tons of steel. A cruiser will use 6,636 tons of steel, A 2,000 lb. aerial bomb requires 500 lbs. of scrap metals. A 60-calibre machine gun requiies 50 lbs. of scrap metals. A 75-mm Howitzer requires half a ton of scrap metals. Every 125 lbs. of iron you save provides enough scrap iron for a 500 lb. bomb.
A 16-inch Naval Shell requires half a ton of scrap metals, A medium 27-ton tank requires 18 tons of scrap metals.
Tickets For Ten Game Schedule Go On Mail Order Sale The University’s advance football ticket sales campaign swung into high gear this week as close to 16,000 application blanks for seats for this fall’s unusually attractive ten game schedule were placed in the mails by C. S. Boan, manager of
ticket sales.
Ten major games in as many weeks are packed into the Boilermakers’ ambitious 1942 card, with the prices of the individual games ranging from $3.00 for the Old Oaken Bucket tussle with Indiana here to $1.10 for the service game with Camp Shelby at Hattiesburg, Miss., on Thahksgiving Bay which will close the season.
Bargain Rate
Ticket applications placed in the mails this week call particular attention to the bargain rate season ticket for the Boilermakers’ four home games with Fordham, Wisconsin, Great Lakes, and Indiana. Season tickets for the four games are priced at $9.00, representing a saving of $1.60 as compared with the cost of the seats on an individ-
ual game basis.
Judging from the number of orders received in advance of the officral opening of ticket sales, as well as the results of a local season ticket campaign sponsored by the Lafayette Junror Chamber of Commerce, an unusually heavy advance
sale is anticipated.
The complete Riveter schedule for this fall, with the ticket price for
each game, follows:
Sept. 26—Fordham, here.
Oct. 3—At Vanderbilt 10—At Northwestern
17—At Ohio State
24—Wisconsin, here..
At Iowa
■Great Lakes, here
Lowery Will Return As Rhinie Grid Coach
/
Emmett Lowery, former Boilermaker three-sport star who has achieved considerable success as athletic director and coach at the River Falls (Wis.) State Teachers College, will return to the University this fall as head freshman football coach, it was announced today by Guy Mackey, athletic director. As the newest addition to the Boilermaker staff, Lowery will fill the vacancy that was
IM Schedules
created last spring when Elmer Burnham was elevated to the post of head varsity coach. Lowery, formerly of Indianapolis, where he starred at Technical high school, was an outstanding performer in three sports at the University from 1932
Oct. Oct. Oct.
Oct. 31— Nov. 7—
Nov. 14—At Michigan State Nov. 21—Indiana, here . Nov. 26—At Camp Shelby
$2.60
2.75 2.75 2.75 2.75 2.75 2.50 2.25 3.00 1.10
The following fraternity Paddle Tennis Boubles matches will be played Monday evening, July 27, at
7 o’clock:
Theta Xi vs. Phi Kappa Tau. Theta Chi vs. Phi Gamma Belta.
Phi Belta Theta vs. Sigma Alpha to 1934, winning major letters in Epsilon. football, basketball and tennis. As Belta Upsilon vs. Lambda Chi an end in football, he played on Alpha. three Boilermaker elevens that lost Beta Theta Pi vs. Sigma Nu. a total of only four games, while in basketball he won all-conferenee
All those entering the All Campus
Golf Tournament must have com- f championship quintet, pleted their 18 hole qualification recognized as one round by Monday morning. Be sure ° Ten players, and that your score card is properly f Pta»>^ed the Boilermaker squads signed and turned in to the Start- years, ing House. Began Coaching Career Immediately following his graduThe following Inter-Fraternity science in Golf semi-finals matches must be Loweiy launched his coaching played by Monday morning: career as football and basketball Phi Kappa Tau vs. Sigma Chi. nientor at Rochelle, 111., high school. Phi Belta Theta vs. Kappa Sigma. following year he accepted a position as football coach at Man-
kato Teachers College, Mankato,
The following fraternity Softball Minnesota, and in the fall of 1936 games will be played Tuesday eve- ^^s named athletic director and ning, July 28. football coach at River Falls, Wis.,
tSate Teachers’ College, the posi-
Phi Kappa vs.Pi Kappa Alpha, tion that he is resigning to retui^
Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Sigma ^is alma mater.
Biamond
1
JhsL ti pJUUlduiL TyimufliaL lAnimL The Corner of the Campus— r Yet the Center of Activities
If You Want to Reach These Purdue Eds and Coeds Advertise in the EXPONENT
All-Campus Golf . Qualification for All-Campus golf must be completed today. All scores should be signed and turned in the IM office by tonight. If the door is locked leave them in the mail box on the door. Regular play wHl get under way the first of this week. EE Graduates Aid In Writing Book Westinghouse Electric and Manufacturing Company of East Pittsburgh, Pa., has recently published a book wiitten by company specialists dealing with the subject of electrical transmission and distribution. Among the authors are the following graduates of the Univeisity: Bi. J. E. Hobson, BSEE ’32, MSEE ’33, author of two chapters in the book, one entitled “Symmetrical Components” and the other “Power Tiansformers and Reactors”; C. F. Hall, BSEE ’37, co-author of a chapter on “Characteristics of Aeiial Lines” and J. C. Cunningham, BSEE ’36, co-author of a chapter dealing with relay and circuit breaker application. MM—C—BP—lip
9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17
Alpha Epsilon.
Alpha Sigma Phi vs. Sigma
Pi.
Alpha Tau Omega vs. Acacia. Phi Gamma Belta vs. Triangle. Phi Kappa Tau vs. Sigma Chi. Alpha Chi Rho vs. Beta Sigma Psi. Beta Theta Pi vs. Belta Tau Belta. Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Theta Chi. Belta Chi vs. Phi Kappq Psi. Phi Belta Theta vs. Kappa Belta Rho. Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. Pi Ka]^pa Phi vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. Kappa Sigma vs. Theta Xi. Sigma Nu vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. Belta Upsilon vs. Theta Tau.
DR. M. P. LORD DENTIST 306-7 Lafayette Life Bldg.
(J/L JhsL QJmhdfuiA, Sunday Program of Wesley Foundation at First Methodist Church.) 9:30 a. m.—Church School. The Student Class will be taught by Mr. J. C. Franklin. 10:40 a. m.—Public Service of Worship. The minister, Bi. Otto Scott Steele, will have for his sermon theme, “Biscipline.” Mrs. J. E. Jordan will sing. 5:45 p. m.—Wesley Vespers. Fellowship Period. 6:30 p. m.—Biscussion of “Lafayette Community Service in Action,” the last in the seiies of meetings duiing July in charge of the Commission on Community Service.
Downing Resigns To Take Charge Of Dairy Education Marguerite Bowning, home demonstration agent in Tippecanoe county since Becember, 1936, has resigned as of July 31 to take charge of educational work for-'the National Baiiy Council in Minneapolis and St. Paul, Minnesota. She will go through a short training period in Chicago, starting August 1, after which she will take over her new duties. Miss Bowning graduated from the School of Home Economics here in 1933. She is a native of Star City and taught home economics in Auburn for three years before becoming a home demonstration agent. Miss Bowning has done a great deal of work with 4-H clubs and/other home economics clubs throughout the county.
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. HARDWARE —PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Adding Machines, all sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph work done C. J. Ebershoff, 605 Lafayette. Phone 2779. Money to loan on diamonds, watches, guns, luggage, typewnterb. AIbert*s Loan Offic«, 407 Columbia. Lost: Gold Waltham wrist watch on meB*a tennis courts Saturday Phone Bob Hadley, 3301. Reward. Lost—Black billfold containing d];aft card, pasbport, fratermty cards, ete. Call Gene Katterjohn at 5097. Help Wanted—Office assistant—elementary bookkeeping, experience and accuracy handling cash—some stenographic ability— general filing. Write Exponent Box No. 14.
BE WISE
Add life to your clothes with good cleaning. Clothes return your good care by lasting longer. Regular cleaning is one of the best ways to take care of clothing . . . keep your clothes full of life by having them cleaned at
Northwestern and Vine Sts.
Phone 4081
t DOES YOUR PEN LEAK? Expert Repair Service SOUTHWORTH'S
A new beauty, Irene Manning, comes to the screen with Humphrey Bogart in his latest uicture “The Big Shut” which stwrtf today at the Mars theatre.? Vv
7 ■. V
Tp^
S * J
^,y Vi#
Purdue Exponent
Sunday, July 26, 1942
THE.eOTTLE NECK
Gloiia is writing the “Bottleneck” today because the Cei^ and Gloria went to Piom Fnday and now is the day after Prom and someone has to write ^.he ^'Bottleneck ” Gloria reads the Exponent and being loyal to the Cork we hare to read the Cork’s column too and tell him how much \\ e like it So we saw the day that the Cork was going to call up Gloria and ask her to go to Prom and got luied away by the red head named Bernie that looked like Greei Gar son We cut out the Bottleneck foi our scrapbook that Aunt Emma gaye us for a graduation present and then when the Coik came around we asked him about the red head named Bernie Befoie the Cork got done explaining about Beinie, Gloria was invited to the Prom The Coik got to Gloria’s house late, but he usually is prompt and he had his Dad’s cai which he went home to get Thursday niglit and two gardenies that be had to pay $1 50 for, so we couldn’t get too mad and anyway we were having too much trouble with the up-swept hair do which we tried because it had rarned and wrecked the curls we had counted on having instead of our usual pig tails We told the Coik how nice he looked in his white coat that he borrowed from his loommate, who is in the Glee Club and wore a blue coat, and he told us how nice we looked and then we could go to the Prom We had a little trouble with the Coik about the singer With A1 Donahue’s band The Cork wanted to stand and look at her when rve wanted to dance He said she had such a nice suntan Then we told the Cork that the tan came out of a bottle and he still wanted to look at hei Gloria had an awful time dancing because our hair kept coming down and the Cork got tired of handing us hairpins to put it back up between every dance He said that there was something unpatriotic about a coed who would use enough steel ]ust to put her hair up to make a battleship So we told him just to look at all the morale raising we were doing which leminded him that he wanted to go back and look at the singer with the suntan again Gloria made the Cork stay at the dance just as long as the band was playing because we wanted to get the Cork’s money’s worth for we are affraid the Cork won’t have any money for quite awhile now especially since his brother got to take the care home and didn’t give the Cork a chance to go see his Dad and try to get some more money in a subtle way
Lieutenant, junior grade, fibm 1917-18 m World War L He was granted a leave of absence fiom the Lafayette bieweiy, where he was sales manager and reported to Dartmouth College last Wednesday for a refresher course of several weeks befoie receiving a definite assignment in the ordnance bureau of Navy
lAmvsUisJhf fiMAjonojUUsA.
Lt-. A. L. Raymond
ChE ’31, has been ordered to overseas duty in
.space for efficient preparation ,of broadcast 1 fit, next day he received hours were spent.in pnactming^bethe program a letter from his mother, wanting fore the microphone until the play During the following year Larry to kngw which part he had played came out on time * was assigned to more programs and IIis first chance as a radio di- “I had a very cooperative cast and special events broadcasts He told rector came last fall, when WBAA staff and I owe the successful ‘Shaabout two outstanding events that doubled its an time He was asked dow House’ broadcast to their efhe believes helped him attain his to direct a dramatic senes written forts,” Irnished Larry modestly, present success in the field of radio by Dave Barta, one of Lany’s class- The success of Larry Myers is
mates This program dramatized evident over your radio Tune in
The director of Radio btage. Bill the history of Purdue On this any day over WBAA and you iVill
By Ernest Nordlirtger
“ your announcer has been broadcasting
Larry Myers You have been “The diieci— — —,
the Army quartermaster corps He spent the week WBAA Voice of Pur- Stewart, asked me to take the part broadcast Larry learned the night- hear him as an announcer, sportsend with his family in Lafayette Lafayette” When you of an English butler,” remarked marcs of a director Larry put in caster, news commentator, inter- — heal that signature over your radio, Larry, “even though Gibbs Wil plenty of spare time to make this view, giving play by play descripLt Hubert Glendenina you can be sme of a carefully plan- hams, program director of the sta senes a success with the listening tions of important sport eveirts, or L.T. nuoerr \3ienaenm9 y _ tmn, had told Bill that there wasn’t audience just behind the microphone trying
the radio Peison on the cam'pus that could H's next big chance came in De- to have the program come into your
graduate of the University, was listed by the program
War Department as missing in action off Luzon In Larry Myers started in
when Bill Stewart left the room in the best possible manner,
and the diieetoiship of
zon in rjarry rvryeib suciiueu 01 i-iic itn-nu - ,
the Ordnance Department of the Army since March, business rather unexpectedly His station’ and tne diieeioisnip 01 1941, he was sent to the Philippines several months high school physics teacher had a convince, once Radio Stage Larry would natuially The manufacture of a large tank later and had been stationed on Luzon nack of making things, and when ^ piacticed fill the vacancy, but again Gibbs requires 2,000 lbs of rubber To fill
a mg p ysics, e convinced myself Williams had to be convinced of
that I could be an English butler Larry’s ability The program direc as well as an American student tor gave Myers a script which he Ihe show was rehearsed with Mr had written and which had been Williams remarking that it was successfully produced over several
ROME-
-TOKYO-
-BERLIN
HoiaJtinjq, JIul GxIa,
Nnuia-
-OA>ioi-
-awoa
Alex Yunevitch . football star and graduate of the University in 1929, has resigned his position as football coach at Alfred University, Alfied, N Y , to accept a commission as lieutenant in the U S Navy He had gone to Annapolis prior to his assignment as physical education instructor Besides heading the Alfred football coaching staff where his teams annexed 26 wins, four ties and five losses 111 five years Yuneviteh also coached basketball, wrestling and tenhis He was a membei of the University’s Big Ten championship team in ’29 and distinguishec^ himself in the Purdue Michigan game of that year when he scored thiee touchdowns in rapid succession
they are not only practicing take offs and landings con but also— him 1 is Harassing civilians. WBAA
—a— Befoie
Yesterday was the first time in all of 0111 expeii Hartford
ences that the lecturers in the desciipt departmerrt starred in several plays One of the have ever been— plays was centered around the ac out volumed tmties of a newspaper reporter Still the instructors are holding their heads high It was rather a coincidence that in and claiming it took over- this play he had to give a news a thousand horsepower to do it broadcast It was his first attempt
as a newscastei Since then he has
^ spoken on many of WBAA’s news After watching this flying gadget fly over Heavilon jjjoadcasts Tower we now know why upon the second construe-
tion the architects only built it-
one brick higher. future success on the air waves He Since that building was built several decades ago, enrolled in the chemical engineering the architect must be some relation to school because he had enjoyed high Nostradamus school chemistry He is still en
—1— thnsiastic about the chemical field O^e instructor considered the first propagation of ^
the round as a challenge and by the time silence once yppe^elassmen to encourage fresh-
again prevailed be had lost two buttons on his vest
and shattered the eardrums of the students in the j^^jp first two rows of the class. Roachdale Co op boys went to the
—s— Electiieal Engineering Building and
The greatest disappointment of all came when one attended the regular freshman try prof ran up on the roof of a building and found that out at the radio station the buildings aren’t,equipped with— x x , , . , . ^ -x , X This tijout led to no overnight anti-aircrgft guns'—ite „ x, x x , ,
success Rather it took seveial
. . ^ _ . months before the station called f^Q/‘ty~\30'’l\0iJnd Lany to take a minor part in one ' of the Radio Stage broadcasts Dur (Continued from page 2) mg his fieshman year, the station forces combine for joint operations—the Military needed competent announcers and Police, the Navy s Shoie Patrol, and the National Laiiy was asked to help on a few Police of Panama In fact, you can see three men, broadcasts The studio executives one from each force, patrolling the streets together began to see future possibilities m
in a single ‘Jeep ”
After an evening’s round of the hot spots Col Singer slips off his MP arm band, and takes a chan at Kelly’s Ritz to watch the ffooi show The waiter would gladly give him a drink or any number of drinks He orders a soft drink and lemaiiis is sober as the hostesses drinking “blue moons Most of the
girls, natives of Cuba, stick to soft diml s sold at the and lea Time Tunes It must be fancy price of 75 cents—20 cents lofunded to her lemenibeied that the station was and the rest for the house on the an at that time only six Proprietress Sadie Halpeiin comes to "-it beside hour^ a day The eiampcd qu iitei^
Larry was
teacher had perfected a loudspeaker system to be used at assembly programs and basketball games Larry helped in its construction and the
teacher naturally asked him to college and commercial stations speak over it Dutm« the basket- ^.gg^ p^gg
Ml Williams was the first person m older to become director of in the studio to congratulate me on WBAA’s prime dramatic program
The script, called “S h a d o w
over " House,”^ad the maximum numbei^ In another broadcast Larry Myers of characters for a radio drama was cast in the part of a big time First Larry had his troubles find gangster He used a tough guttural ing an adequate cast Then he had voice His mothei, natuially his to find the proper music for the most rabid fan, listened to chis transition between scenes Long
the President’s order for 46,000 tanks will call for 90,000,000 lbs of
rubber
A 35,000 ton battleship requires
9,000 tons of scrap metals
ball season he was asked to announce lineups, substitutions, and stores Ai this job he learned to
A 3 inch anti aiicratt grun quires 3 tons of scrap metals
With the army using the Purdue Airport for „ TUrli-r testing ground, we have come to the conclusion that pionounce carefully and enunciate enza ion a pu 1
which later earnei}, for high achievements at Lany graduated from City High School he
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS llniversity Book Store Actoss From Union id** Sammons *29 * Doc*' Eppla *40
this Hartford City lad
Dining his sophomoit veai he was assigned to several special pio ,,iams in which he had to prepare the entire piogiam as well as to pi ovule an appiopiiate script This included the weekly news lound up
Lt, Charles Wesley Hickman ’16, has re entered the navy after serving
him “Hello Sadie,” says the colonel won’t buy you a blue moon' ’
“Sit down—but I
coidint, to the following Bchedule The Ad Gold Pepperb vanced Course Selection Board will be in 2) at *1 ^0 i n
session in Room 201 of the University ■\rmor> Students with Burname beginning with A through C Monday July 20 4 to 6 ) m D through F Tuesday July 21 4 to G p m G through K Wednesday July 4 to b p m L through N Thursday July 22 4 to 6 p m O through S Friday Jul> 24 4 to 6 p m T to end Saturday j ily 2^ 1 to 3 p m Students who are not able to attend tht regular meeting of their cspectivc groujifa should contact any sorh mor iibtructor in Military framing fir specific permission to meet with another
(roup Failure of any student to submit terjohn
application on one of the above dates is an indication to the Board th it he is net in tcrcsted in being considered for enrollment
in Advanced Course ROTC
—GRAHAM
Wtdnc lay 1 I AWS olTi SIMONS
Radio Guild All WBAA t If m ml is to be present it ladio guil 1 meeting Moi lay July 2 it p m in WBAA ludier e stuQio Comm Ltees hav f 11 i p rts leadi MYl RS
on the tap flooi of the Elcctiicdl Engmeciing Building allowed no
Hays jewelry Co. i 131 North Fourth St ^ Fine Jewelry at Moderate Price f
Fred MacMurray is Rosalind Russell’s secretary in the hilarious romance, “Take a Letter, Darling”, starting at the Lafajette theatre
today
Technical training for 3,088 workers in Michigan war industries has been given to date by the Umveisity of Michigan in the United States office of education’s engineering, science and management defense tiaining piogiam
Notices
BcgervIgU All male btudents who have not yet complete<1 the two years basic mil itiiry 'truiiimi; required for eraduation and are now members of the Naval or Marine Corpa Reserve report to the Adjutants of ftoe Puidue Aimoiy for impoitant infoismntion relative to your atatus —BIORDAN Begiatr^ion Workers Students who wish ♦o work Yor thi Registrar duiing the fall tem reBistration August 31 September 1 and ii are requested to main application kt the rijfiBtrurs office Those with pitvious enperienee at refcjstration or in other cleii ckl Jobs are i,iv( n jireferenei All Science Seniors All thjse who iilan to graduati tn August call at Dm hndeis offiee to fill out the neeessary hlai ks I NIJI RS Sophomore Military Students All sopho more students who desit-i to be eonsiderid f(*» euuollmeat m the Advaneid Gniise SOTC will submit applieatiuns in person to the Advaooed Coutse Seleotion Board ac
Freshmen All first semester treshmen who do not live in Cary Hall will j 1 ase report to the Aetivities Offiee room dab of the Union next Monday July IT Wid neseday July 2*1 oi Thursday July 30 between 4 and 5pm —/WELLS SCA House Presidents Copies of the minutes of the July 21 board meeting are available at the SCA box at the west desk in the Union —MOGVERO Scahhard and Blade Pledges Test night on Tuesday July 28 at 7 p m in room d04 of the Union All pledges be suie to eome —McKEE Sigma Delta Chi Meeting of all actives and pledges in the Exponent office Wednes lay July 29 at 4 i m Actives please don t brmt, your paddles —ARMSTRONG Interfratermter President s Council Keys are at the fraternity affairs office Come and get them —SCHWAB Roger Williams Club Last meeting of the summer to be held Sunday July 26 at Willeys Meet at the Church at 4 dO p m SCHAI LIOL f oed Arehery All eoeds interested in en t line the coed all campus arehery tourna ment must have three practices before the lieinnine of the tournament n xt W Ines day July 28 Instruction will be available I t the range on Monday Wednesday ind I iiday from 4 ti 5 dO p m —TROXn L Mixed Doubles Tournament Ihe seeond round of the tournament must be r laye I (If ly Sunday July 26 The mitches ar as f dlows Bond and Smith vs Picha and r X lijbaek ami Dittman \s luinei aid tori Allen and Uiissell vs Leiinigir and 1 lans Krioka and hi usticli \s St Itnei and Cooper Singer and bihuh r vs G ff rd and Bueehele Bouton and Bout n vs 1 well and Seoville —SCHUBI R Sigma Delta Psi Meiting next luisday night at " 16 p m in Ro m 10 if the hltldh use Chief Clevett will speak
AKNOI D
Junior Editors Repiit <n youi heals W Ir sday Julv 29 at 4 16 in the con t r I ee room of the Exponent offiee
-BROPHY
Reamer Regular m eting Me nday July 2 in loim d04 of Ur ion Iniioiliil m t ing KNOII Urdegraduate Dames Will li Id r gular meeting with Ruth Clevitt at 118 Russell 1 ht lutbday evening J ily 28 Pot luck I supper at 6 dO of the fuvoiite niipi Ik
—WESSON
Union Committees Meet gs will be held 111 the Union Office at 4 1 Mi lay Com mittees consist of Pels nnel Hill r an! Gee Cohen Crag C ithrie P ii ir I It yn 11s S 11 th Pul iieity I nei and Kat
Blaeie Drise II Si ii Stalling
Wr „ht Piigiv 1 tt 1 ng Sho) Ki te Coffii II I 1 angan Gan C el Still ingb MeMiir y Reeieati i Xels i end H tehii Cl are it i 111 ti t H 11 ir Levin Mathis Cam ra Clib P rman B1 ikely C ilderilli M ik 1 Q lel Defense Ih r m in a lei Si gle 1 it i H bei Hoelting Santini Sehutt Muse R oms ar I Receptions Bill ea 1 111 i IJvui I M i
tin Pieice SI itel C Illstel
DUr Sil R
DR PAUL A RISK
DR LUTHER A
RISK
DR HAROLD J
RISK
— DENTISTS
400 404 Schultz
Bldg
4th and Mam Sts
Lafayette
Pi T lu Slgmi Aetielfies S fll II im with M L Staff W dn d y July 2) at 4 1 p m e n Ri sell Piol 1 Di im nd No 6 they cored too m iny runs last lime
—KINNEY
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
yiCTQBY
BUY UNITED STATES WAR BONDS AND STAMPS
Our Prices Are Frozen, but Our Quality NEVER! We are constantly striving to improve our QUALITY, to give our customer the benefit of any improvements.
Top of the Hill
Keep Pitching with United States WAR BONDS & STAMPS! Every Stamp and Bond Yon Bny HELPS TO CALL A STRIKE ON AMERICA’S ENEMIES % Get in the Game Now! Buy WAR BONDS & STAMPS!
th <
' I
‘ 1
1 I * I
1 If