' i f
’ J
f A- \ (->» '\
' « . rxTi “ "' ^ '
MERRt'QO-ltOUND Presents Inside Dope On Navy Department
Volume $4, No. 3f
W^^f" Llfiyefl’e, Fli3f^A|i
myok mscussEs Plight 01 ^inMnd In Present War
Stfiiday, July 19, 1942
Students, Faculty CahtMiM $2,300 To local USB Br!^
With tho clos6 of tho campus USO drive Wednesday figures released by Ralph Deuster, chairman of the Student War Council, show that the University fell just $16 short of reaching the $400 goal. Actual contributions made by students totale'd $383,97 with the residence halls contributing $230,
fraternities $116.53, sororities $8.50, and other groups con-
tributing $38.94.
Although complete returns from the Tippecanoe County drive, which closed last night, are not available as yet, contributions had passed the $10,-
S5
000 mark last Thursday and according to T. R. Johnston, University Publicity Director and chairman of the county drive, it is expected to go over the $14,400 goal. University staff members have contributed $1,900 of the total amount donated so far. This brings the University total to nearly $2,300, Chaii'man Johnstort praised the fihe work of the students and faculty who conducted the drive and the faculty and students who made contributions. The student committee that conducted the campus drive was compbsed of Chuck knote, Cary Hall President, chairman; Dick Sleeper, president of PI A; Doris Bower, governor of WRH; Bill Rider, president of the Inter-fraternity^ Presidents’ Council; Jane Ballard, president of Pan-Hellenic Council; and Joe Mogavcro, president of SC A. SAE To Sponsor Movies Tomorrow " University student branch of the Society of Automotive Engineers will hold an open meeting tomorrow evening at 7:30 in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering building, at which three airplane motion pictures will be shown. Curtiss-Wright has sent the organization two films, one of which covfc.s pioduction of their military and civilian planes. The other depictM operation of the Wiight engine and the Curtiss-Wright electric
prop..,llor.
The third film will show tlie ifeell Aeiocobra, one of the more deadly military planes, in action. Major H. Ayers
de Sa To Talk
At Ag Staff Luncheon
Dr. Hernane Tavares de Sa, brilliant educator and journalist from Brazil, is visiting the University this week-end and will remain here until tomorrow. He started his three day visit last evening with a brief address at the Sigmund Spaeth
Convocation.
Today, Dr. de Sa will talk to the residents of Cary Halls and he will also speak at a special luncheon meeting of the University Agricultural Staff tomorrow on “BiazilianAmerican Relations.” Will Inspect Classes Dr. de Sa will make a tour of several classes tomorrow. He will inspect the chemistry laboratory at 9 a. m., a biology class at 10 a. m., and the Agricultural Extension Building from 11 to 12 noon. When Dr. de Sa has completed his tour of the University, he will leave for the University of Chicago. Dr. de Sa is on a tour of a number of American educational institutions for the double purposes of lecturing about Brazil and other southern hemisphere nations and gathering material for a book on North America to be written in Portuguese. He is traveling on a fellowship given by Westminster College of Fulton, Mo., and as a professor of educational biology on the faculty of the University of Sao Paulo, do Sa is also representing the institutions of his native land while
on the tour.
Will KnorVn An'tfior , Dr. de Sa, recognized as a close student of international affairs, is a regular contributor to leading Brazilian papers and is the author of'the book, “Dear Neighbor, Hero is Brazil,” which is now Widely read
in this country.
Reservations for the Agricultural staff luncheon mc-cting which t)r. de Sa will address may be obtained at the Agricultural Extension office with Mrs. Mabel L. Harlcn.
“ft
. . . formerly with the University
military department was recently
made a jieutenant colonel with ^ i headquarters, second army, Mem- Prof. Ben Peity phis. Term. He had been serving '
on the military staff until last January when he was ordered to Memphis as inspector and observer in the anti-tank division. Col. Ayers graduated from the University in 1926,
and joined the staff in 1940.
... of the Civil Engineeringschool, left last Friday evening for Philadelphia to attend a meeting of the Board of Directors of the National Society of Professional Engi-
SteWai'f' Directs Ahntial Affair Fourth annual mqsic festival held at the University this week-end brought to light more excellent Indiana talent to send to the Chicago Music Festival next month, it was announced yesterday by Albert P. Stewart, director of the festival after he disclosed the names of the winners in the various competitions. Large Crowd Attends Competition for vocalists, instrumentalists and baton twir-lers was open to all from this arda, and over 40 contestants arrived at the University to enter. A crowd of about 250 spectators witnessed the var ious classes compete both at the Union Building and outdoors as well. The coed baton twir-lers attracted the largest crowd when they went iirto action resplendant in their typical majorette garb outside of Fowler-
Hall.
This festival is one of the many preliminary ones held in surrounding states in order to select the best talent to send to the Annual Chicago Music Festival to be held this yearon August 15 in Spldier-s Field. At this time over 10,000 persons from 30 states will take part. Master of ceremonies at the University festival was Phillip Maxwell of the Chicago Tribune editorial staff and director of the Chicago festival for the pdst 13 years. He also is the Tribune promoter of ROTC in colleges in seven states. The University festival gave the observers an rnkling of what the Chicago festival will be like. Many of the winners and all of the baton twirlers were invited to take part. Winners Listed Winners in the various classes of competition yestor-day are as follows: Vocal—Women: Jo Ellen Burroughs, Indianapolis, first; Charlene Clore, Indianapolis, second; Men— Lynton Hazelbaker, Indianapolis, first; Wilbur J.^Iothenberger, of the University, second. Instrumental •— Marimba: Margaret Ann Scherec, Martinsville; accordion, Mary Louise Uland, Bloomington; trombone. Jack Warlend Brand, Lafajmtte. Twirlers — Juvenile: Angela Adonna Clarke, fiist; Edward Roger Mullen, second; Junior: Catherine Commingore, W. Lafayette, first; Kay Evans, Lafayette, second; Lloyd Myers, Purdue, first; Gene Huffman, Purdue, second.
QiVes Up Uw
m Biihd
UnlofLpftigdls Request No Corsages; Call Off Vrkihq f^or Prom King^ Queen A1 t)onahu[e,-wIio will bring his “Low-Powri Rhythms” to the campus this Friday for the Summer Prohi, made his first jump into the music world When he organized an orchestra to play at a New England summer resort. Al, who has always inclined towards music, graduated simultaneously from the Boston College of Law and the New England Conservatory of Music as the result of a cpfhpromise with his'parents who had
wanted him to be a lawyer. Upon graduation Dortahue worked in a law office and in his spare evenings played with a jazz band. Following his summer engagement in New England, he played a stand at the exclusive Hollywood Beach Hotel in Florida, and from there landed a year’s engagement as maestro at the Fisher Theatre in De-
troit. ,
Next stop on his climb td the big time in dance bands was a job supplying orchestras for all thd ships of the Furness-Bermuda Line. At
Lecturer Presents Colorful Program By Jean Lauer Showing amazing versatility as a lecturer, pianist and vocalist, Dr. Sigmund Spaeth entertained an audience of several thousand at a convocation held last night in the Hall of Mu§ic. Al Stewart, University choral director, welcomed the audience composed of students, faculty members and Hoosiers convened for the closing ses-
Students Mny Work At Corn De-tasseling To Aid Ag Program
Because of the large numbri- of men entering the armed services, there is a severe shortage of corn de-taspelers in Indiana, thus opening an opportunity for University students to help the agricultural program and also pick up a little
pocket money on the side. Workers _ , , ,
are needed immediately and assign- time he had as many as 37 dance ments for this work will begin on the Tuesday Caribbean Seat and in Latin hotels.
. , j, , It was at one of these engage-
Working hours for those who , . c. ..i. a • i , , A -1, , A • ments in a South American Hotel take part will be from approxi- .. . v , . ^ i
, that he ihet socialite Fredenke Gal-
mately 1 to 7 any afternoon, and < , v , • , „ „ „„ A r- • latin, whom he later married, from 6:30 a. m. to 5:30 p. hi. on y „ , „ . , c , j TT VA A j i Lanson, Gordon Featured Saturdays. However, if the student ta ^ , a . , . , , , . Donahue s band features the desires, he may also work mornings ' n , x . x during the week. Workers will be Lanson and Jean
Gordon and comes to the campus directly from the Oriental Theater
paid between 35 and 40 cents per hour spent in the field. No previous tiaining is needed to enter the
project.
Sign In Executive Buildihg Staiting Monday, a girl will be posted at a desk in the Dean of
in Chicago. Following the prom he will leave for a week’s engagement at the Castle Farms in Cincinnati,
Ohio.
Recent results from the Union office show that only 60 ballots have
Men s office from 8 to 12 and from been cast for King and Queen of the 1 to 4 during the week and until Prom. As a lesult of such slight noon on Saturday to make assign- interest shown in having a King and ments and answer questions con- Queen, Union officials have decided cerning the project. Students who ^j^bcel any further balloting, are interested are urged to turn in T^ey have also requested that there
their schedules of classes and a list
of their afternoons off as soon as possible on Monday. Those who sign up will be notified a day in advance when their services are desired. Tiuck transportation will be furnished to workers by the seed com-
be no corsages for the affair. But corsages have not been definitely
banned.
Tickets for the dance, which will last from 9 to 2 contrary to the time on the tickets, will go on sale again Wednesday at the table in front of
panics involved. The student will be ' the Sweet Shop. Coed hours have notified where the trucks will load been set at 3 a. m. and unload at the time he is called
for work.
Dr. Spaeth Returns To New Ybrk To Help In Record Salvage Drive
By Jean Wendell Lecture programs like the entertaining one he) presented in the Music Hall last night are but a part of t)r. Sigmund Spaeth’s wide range of activities. These varied activities are all connected in some way with his supreme interest, music, and include the writing- of books and magazine articles, broadcasting, war effort duties and “tune detecting.” Last Stop On Tour ^ Last night’s program was hL last appearance on the tour which Ije started in June and which took him from coast to coast and to many collegia* campuses. When he returns to New York this week he will fie busy with duties connected with a newly-formed organization to salvage old phonograph records for our fighting- men. Kay Kyser is president of the organization, while Dr. Spaeth, along with Kate Smith, Fritz Reiner- and Gene Autry, serves as vice-president. They hope to salvage 25 million records which they will sell by the pound to record companies, who in turn will give them new records for- distribution to the men in service. Article Appears In Liberty
An article written by Dr. Spaeth about war- songs will soon appear in Liberty magazine. In it there will be printed a chorus of “Save the American Way,” the winningsong in a contest conducted bj^ the Treasury Department to choose a new song to use in selling- warbonds. Spaeth was chairman of the corrrnrittee that did the judging. He writes numerous magazine articles and says that he is always writing books, a fact easily seen when you learn that he has already published 16 books. They are all popular- books about music, such as the Art of Enjoying Music and Great Symphonies. His latest book. Guide to Great Orchestral Music, will come out the beginning of next year. Faihed At Tune Detecting Of all of his work, he likes broadcasting and “tune detecting” the best'. Last year he conducted a quiz program between acts of the Metropolitan Opera Broadcast on Satui--day afternoons; thig year he hopes to combine his two favoi-ite interests by broadcasting- a program based on his ability as a “tune detective.”
This process of tracing tunes started out as a hobby, but it has proved to,be so interesting and valuable that Dr. Spaeth has used it as the basis of eight short motion pictures, books and magazine articles and many lectures. Because of this ability to compare melodic passages and trace tunes to their origin. Dr. Spaeth has often been called upon to appear as leading- expert in suits involving- infringement of copyright or musical plagiarism. In such cases he shows that while a man may have gotten the tune fiom the source he is accused of plagiaiizing, he might equally well have gotten it from half a dozen other sources, since musical patterns are bound to repeat them-
selves.
Dr. Spaeth believes that everyone has music in them, saying that “all children should learn to sing and play by ear as they learn to talk.” Later on, he feels that they should be sent to teachers to learn to read and write and understand this musical language, just as they are sent to school to develop their command of the written and spoken language.
In Critical Condition David E. Ross, president of the board of trustees of the University, and widely known as an industrialist and philanthropist, was admitted to the Home hospital Thursday morning. He was reported by hospital authorities to fie in a critical condition Friday and was about the same yesterday after a comparatively restful night. His friends throughout the country as well as locally are much concerned over his
illness.
Jacqueline Sparling . . . graduate assistant in the Nursery School of the-Home Eco-
nomics School, has been appointed director of the Nursery School at
Berea College, Kentucky.
Engineer Aides Aftive To Study Aircraft Radios Sixty W^l^ Take 24-Week Course Sixty junior engineering aides from various cities in Indiana and Ohio an-ived here yesterday to begin 24 weeks of intensive training at the University. Upon coni^pletion of their training they will be assigned to the Aircraft Radio Laboratory, Wright Field, Dayton, O.,, to develop and test aircraft radio equipment for the Signal Coil-ps. Class work under the supervision of University staff members will start tomorrow. The course, which is divided into three eight week periods, includes mathematics, shop practice, direct and alternating current electrical theory and laboratory, and radio fundamentals. The study is supervised by the War Training office, headed by Prof. C. W. BeesO. Paid $120 A Month MembPrs of the group have been hired through civil service, and they will be paid at the rate of $120 a month while in training at the University. When they complete their training here they will be eligible for reclassification at a higher salary. A similar program will be started at the University of Illinois, August 10. Four other schools in Ohio are now training men for the Aircraft Radio Laboratory: Case School of Applied Science, Cleveland; Fenn College, Cleveland; University of Cincinnati; and University of Toledo. The University is the first school to offer the course outside of Ohio. Backer Visits Here All army aviation radio equipment is developed, purchased and installed by the Aircraft Radio Laboratory, according to C. N. Backer, civilian training administrator for J;he laboratory, who was here today to get the men started in their training.
sion of the fourth annual University Music Festival and led them in singing “The Star Spangled Banner.” He presented Philip Maxwell, director of the Chicago Music Festival, who served as master of ceremonies and introduced the winners in the vocal, instrumental and baton twirling competitions held yesterday afternoon. After the winners had appeared and Maxwell had presented them with medals, Prof- F. C. Hockema introduced Dr. Hernane Travares de Sa, Brazilian educator and journalist who is visiting the campus this week-end. Next the University Glee Club, runner-up in the recent Fred Waring national contest, was led by Al Stewart in singing “Santa Lucia” and “This Is My Country." The applause of the audience demanded two encores. The entertaining Dr. Spaeth was then introduced. He spoke awhile about music appreciation, saying that his aim had been “to discover the best points of contact between the average person and music,” for, during his career as a music eritio? - he had decided that most audiences didn’t know what to listen for. Pfayd Piaifo He said that anyone can get fun out of music arid that any person could play for his own pleasure. He proved this by playing a simple three-tone chord which, by variations in timing, he accompanied many different melodies. He delighted the audience as he showed how one melody pattern appars in many different songs. Playing the three notes of the bugle, he showed that they were the basis of several national anthems, college songs, popular songs and a hymn; the four tones of “How Dry I Am” appear in “Sweet Adeline” (played backwards), a hymn and in works of the great masters. He demonstrated musical games and illustrated his tune detecting ability by taking popular songs and finding patterns in them that had been played before. Near the close of the program, Dr. Spaeth took the familiar text of Jack and Jill and set it to music, singing it in several widely different styles, oratorio, Italian grand opera and hill-billy.
In-Plant Training, Women Laborers May Solve Man-Power' Problem
EngineeHfiO/ Science August G^aduate^ The Gerteral Eiectfie Company suggests thai tfiey will be glad to have application fi'lankri from all August graduates, even though they plan to go into the Service. They ^ill fiold these forms permanently so that the record will be on file in case men wish to apply after the war. As General Electric will be here July 22 for interviews, please coirie to the Personnel Office by 3:00 p. m. Monday, July 20, to fill out the application blanks. At the same time you may arrange for a personal interview, if you desire it. A representative of General Electric will be on the campus Tuesday, July 21, to interview graduate students in Chemistry and Physics. / W. E. Vogler Director of Personnel
(Editor's Note: This is the third of a series of four articles on the mobilization of America’s manpower, prepared by the Office of Emergency Management). If we are to get the vast labor army we must have for farm and factory and at the same time are to put into the field a-force more than three times the size of any armed force in our previous history, we must use every stratagem, every device we can conceive and execute. Some of these devices, foi’tunately, have been used for some time. For years the government has sponsored vocational training in schools which now aie working night and day ai'ound the clock. For two years many of our war factories have been used in training the workers employed within them. This “inplant” training permits the rapid upgrading of workers. “Exploding” the Job A master craftsman can instruct a number of green hands in separate aspects of this job, so that in the end you have seveial workers, doing the work formerly done by an all-around mechanic or toolmaker. This method of “exploding” the job releases numbers of highly skilled men to train others or to take over broad supervisory duties.
But there is a limit—and we draw steadily closer to that limit—to the number of male recruits available for the labor army. We have reached the time when we must depend increasingly, as the President said in commentirig on his executive order establishing the War Manpower Commission, upon our reservoir of womanpower. Women Can Work Women can do many of the things which men do in war factories. Indeed), for some jobs, for delicate work about arsenal or munition plant or for skilled work in aircraft factories, they may be actually superior” to men. Women workers in England are from 30 to 40 per cent of all the employees in militaiy aircraft factories—in some British factories making aircraft engines fully half the workers ai’e
women.
At the mpment we are faced with a shortage of labor in our shipbuilding industry. Even before the President increased thq 1943 shipbuilding program from 10,000,000 to 15,000,000 deadweight tons, it was estimated that we would need a million and a half workers in that
industry. Now most shipbuilding work is peculiarly unsuited to women. It is the heaviest sort of work this side of the steel mills, but it is clearly possible to transfer men workers from other industrial jobs, replacing them, in turn, with
women.
Wbitt'en" Build Airplanes The aircraft industry—if it is to reach our goal of 125,000 military planes next year—^will require a labor force in the neighborhood of 2,000,000. The industry already has^ absorbed all the skilled workers available to it. If it is to expand furtiier there must be extensive upgrading of present employees and hundreds of thousands of recruits must be trained. In a few nionths most of these recruits will have to be women. Numbers of women already- have been toained in the plants of Consolidated, Glenn Martin and Republic. We sfiall need at the least another million worjsfts in ordnance before the end of this year andf a substantial part of that million will be women. Employment of women on a mass scale already is a large (See IN-PLANT TRAINING, p. 4)W ' .5 \5 ' 1 » •■' 4 '. " >-‘’''i,'['' ', ’ tr'{'* 'i\f‘ '■
Expohem
Sunday, July 19, 1^42
I
Purdue Exponent
Offites: Editorial and ButinOtt, Purduo Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhousc, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Tlditor-in-Cllicf -Etlitor MaimmiiR IWitor SnoriK Krfitnr lliisincss Mannirfr l’'ir<'»!n1ion ManoRcr Coed editor
John F. Amos Don T. Brophy John H. Armstrong Robert 1>. HacUey William D. Millard Ken K. GJemre Alice Chatfleld
Publication Staff Associate Editors Edilnrinl Staff: R W Boswinkle. D E Butz W G. Hoskins, ^ V Hunter D W Ochiltree, W /E Ratert. Sports .Staff; U E Brower, J. S. Da'wson, E L. Karpick. Coed Staff: Sally Bcall, Charlotte Hass, Jean Lauer. Business Staff Cied Business Manager: Julia Martin. .Adiertisinc Managers: J M Wright, D. L Johnson, Circiilalion Manager: G H Klouman. tccaiiiits Manager: Trena Torrenga Junior Coed Managers; Ellen Clark, Jane Keim. Staff For This Issue IS.gilt Editor: Butz I*8ue Editor: Rollins Das Editor: Lauer Sports Editor, Brewer Reporters: Miller, Votik, Shipnoski.
Entirid .as second class matter at the post office in Lafay_ rite Indiana under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and rl tin ‘'iiocinl rate of postage provided for in section .id of October 3. 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published oil AVfilnr da\. Friday and Sunday mornings during the sumin»‘i sinu‘‘ltr and daily except Monday during the fall ftnd uinUr sfrmstcr'j. Delivered locallv by carrier for $1.25 for •suinuKr ‘st , mailed subscription $1 60 RcpiLscnlcd for national advertising by National Advertis me SuM<o. Inc. Collppe Publishers Representatives, 420 MadiMiii A\c, New Yoik, N. Y.
Finland’s Plight After the last war the United States sort of sponsored two of the newdy formed counti'ies in Europe. These were Czechoslovakia and Finland. These countries patterned their g^overnments from ours and the people seemed to have many of the same ideas and ideals as we had. Looking at those countries now we wonder Just how helpful we were as big brothers. Tlie great nations of Europe sold Czechoslovakia for a couple of months of peace while we sat .safely over here talking pacifism and staying out of European affairs. The case of the Finns is even more pathetic fpom an American point of view. The Finns who paid their war debts when all the other bigger and more prbsperous nations were defaulling, who fought valiantly when attacked by the huge war machine of Russia are now aligned with Germany in a tremendous war against this country. , * After Finland joined the war we hoped that she would retake the land that had been hers then stop. We exerted pressure to persuade her to’make peace with the United Nations. Either because of the wishes of the people or Nazi pressure we were unsuccessful. A year ago the Finns, at the demand of the Nazis, limited the functions of our consuls so that all of their duties were handled by the foreign ministry instead of by local authorities. The United States accepted the change. It -was not until this week that the government reluctantly followed the Finnish lead and closed all the Consulate offices in Finland and asked that the Finns do the same here. Even now the United States has made no mention of the war in diplomatic communications. What will happen to Finland after the war is another unpleasant puzzle. If the United Nations win we can not expect that Russia v/ill return to Finland all of the territory that V, as taken in the war two years ago. Because by doing this Russia woud be exposing the industrial Leningrad area. To protect this district was the reason she took the land from l-'inland in the first place. This break with Finland, although reluctantly made, is a sign that the United States vill accept the Russian demands and an adinis.sion of our own failure in the big brother
role.
Capf-. W. G. Stephenson
. . . . U S. Field Artillery, has (jompleted the battery ' oftieeib’ course at Fort Sill, Okla., and has been as- <■ lulled to Camp Caison, Colorado. He was graduated liom the Uiiiveibity in 1933 and his home is Mulbf'iry. Mr.s. Stephenson, daughter of Prof. W. F. Gi'dliam, and daughter, Mary Zoe, accompanied
iSaptaiii Stephenson to Colorado Springs. Second Lt. J. L. Halsmer
' . . . pilot, and foimei advanced and cross-country i'nstiiictoi at the University airport, has been com-mi^'-ioncd second lieutenant in the N. S. Air Force’s F<iijjy Command, and is now stationed at Detroit, Mich Lieut. Halsmer has also been stationed at lidltunoie, Md-, Wilmington, Del., and Albuquerque,
since entering the ferry command.
First Lt. M. G. Smith
i.‘. . ’31, a former Staff Assistant for U. S. Forest Si'ivjce in Columbus, Ohio, is now attached to the
W^letoii Ail Depot, Wellston, Ga.
‘While at the University Lieutenant Smith was presjtfelii M^igpia Phi Epsilon. He was commissioned oh 'ApT1.2, 'l942, at Fort I^ftyes, Columbus, Ohio.
MERinr- ifiO-iOIMD By Drew Pearson Time-Honored Naval Tradition Keeps Admiral King's Staff "At Sea" While In Washington WASHINGTON—-While the Navy is doing a magnificent job whenever it gets into action at sea, it is still tied down by Navy tradition ashore. This subservience to hidebound custom may be one key to our failures in combatting submarines along the Atlantic Coast. To illustrate how time-honored naval tradition operates, there are several score men who work at desks in the Navy Department who are classified as being “at sea,” and who receive extra pay for being “at sea” even- though they sit in Washington. This is not their fault, since most of them would much" rather be at sea, but it illustrates how naval tradition works. For they happen to be attached to hard-working, able Admiral Ernie King, now serving in two capacities—Commander of the U. S. Fleet and Chief of Naval Operation. The later job requires him to be in Washington, and yet as Commander-in-Chief of the Fleet he is supposed to be at sea. So by Navy tradition, he and all his staff are rated as being “at sea”. And every day when they leave their desks and walk out to Constitution Avenue, they “go ashore.” To carry the tradition farther, these officers and men are assigned to the Admiral's flagship, normally a battleship. But since a battleship can’t be spared, a yacht serves as the flagship, and it tied up at the dock in the Washington NaVy Yard. But if all the men assigned to her were to go aboard, it would sink, • "At Sea-Ashore" Most of the men assigned to the Commander-in-Chief live safely in apartments in Washington, yet they draw extra pay to compensate them for the hazards of life “at sea.” A few live on the yacht, and thus enjoy free quarters and meals, while still drawing the extra pay. In the morning, these men leave the yacht and “go ashore” as far as the Navy building, and when they enter that building, they are “at sea” again. In the afternoon, when they leave the building .they “go ashoie” until they reach the yacht, when they “go
to sea” again.
And on pay day, when the Navy paymaster disburses funds in the Navy Department, he sends a satchel of money to the yacht to pay all the men attached to the Admiral’s flagship. But since most of them do not live aboard, the money is brought back by the paymaster of the yacht and paid to the men in the Navy Department. A great part of the work done in the offices serving Admiral King could be done by women, but is done by “yeomen” (male stenographers) instead. Eeason for this is that the Admiral is technically at sea, and women aie not allowed on board the Vessels of the Navy. e Still Batty Fastest story from Washington’s St. Elizabeth’s Hospital, largest insane asylum in the world: A former government worker, long confined to ^ St. Elizabeth’s and apparently cured, was interviewed by the medical board before his release. “What are you going to do when you get out?” a physician asked. “I’ll get me a sling-shot and bieak every window in the hospital,” the patient said. He was sent back to his ward, but later came up for release again. “Now, what are you going to do when you go out into the great world again ?” the doctor asked. “I’m going to buy me a car and visit my old mother
and father.”
“Why, that’s fine,” said the doctor. “It will do you
good to see them.”
“And,” added the patient, “I’m going to rip a tire off the car, cut up an inner tube, make me a slingshot and break every last window in St. Elizabeth’s.” • Helping Boss Hague A fresh scandal has leaied its head in the Works Progress Administration. It involves a useful, but lit-tle-discussed, function of the WPA—its outhouse
building progiam.
This endeavor was conceived primarily for the aid of share-croppers and others in rural areas who do not have proper sanitary facilities. However, two WPA outhouses recently were erected in a place which, except for horses, hasn’t the remotest relation to a share-cropper’s farm. They are on the giounds of the new Garden State racetrack near Camden, N. J. Furthermore, these particular outhouses would put to shame any of the “opCn-air jobs” described by that eminent authori,ty, the late Chic Sale. They cost the taxpayers $^00 each, have fancy exterior tiimmings and aie about the size of a one-car gaiage. How they came into possession of the lacetrack is still a mystery, but Acting Federal WPA Administrator F. H. Diyden admit.s that WPA workers fabricated them at a plant in Glassboro, N. J., 16 miles from the track, then hauled them to the track
and installed them.
Dryden has demanded a “full explanation” from Edward W. Hamilton, a henchman of Boss Hague who succeeded Robert Allen, another Hagueite, as State WPA Administratior for New Jersey about a
|month ago.
• Pass The Biscuits Senator (Pass-the-Biscuits-Pappy) O’Daniel is in
two sweats.
Sweat No. 1: When he campaigned for governor, he promised the old folks of Texas $30 a month. Later, when he campaigned for the U. S. Senate, he promised them $21,000,000 of federal funds. But the only pension bill that passed in Washington was to give pensions to Congressmen, not to oldsters, and Pappy didn’t vote against it. Sweat No. 2: Is the howl that went up from warmincled Texans when Pappy voted with Senators Wheeler and Nye to disband the army before Pearl Harbor. That howl was so great that Pappy later told Texas he had arranged to pair with Senator Wheeler on all future votes to be cast while he was
absent.
“I figured Wheeler will vote^ wrong and that if I vote the oppo.sitc from him, my vote will be right,” he explained. But when the Congressman’s pension bill came up, Wheeler voted “No.”
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Li^ty ] State Coinniittees Begiit > Civilian War Program ^
Water Works Convention Plans Protection f^or State Reservoirs
Indiana water works companies, co-operating with the Indiana Defense Cbuncil and the Indiana State Board of Health, have completed plans for a mutual aid war-time progfam to be placed into immediate effect in case of emergencies arising out of enemy bombing attacks upon Hoosier cities and towns, it was revealed Friday at the water works training school, which started yesterday at the University. Approximately 125 persons, representing water supply utilities throughout the state, attended the final ses- — ' sion this afternoon. sterilization of the water supply in Nineteen zones have been tinie of enemyi^ attack was explained designated in Indiana with a by Leo Louis of Indianapolis, sani- - coordinator for each zone. A Inry engineer for the state board of state coordinator will be Earl Cassidy of Indianap-
, , ,, .. oils, engineering director for the in-
named shortly, it was an- Council, pointed out nounced. i Already Jn making that while relief and protectivie preparations for this emergency emergency work are necessary, ex-
program, inventories of equipment and repair supplies have been taken. The two-day school was to provide company representatives with
perience in Europe clearly shows ^ that it is the trained engineering group that is the foundation for basically aiding in the restoi’ation
instruction so they in turn may con- of utility services and maintaining duct training work among the regu- morale among civilians.
• lar water works employes as well
“Oh, I don’t mind not having a vacation this summer—having volunteer citizens who a foreman show you how to operate a drill press is as much seive in an auxiliaiy capacity
fun as having a lifeguard teach you to swim!”
University Calendar Week of july 19-25
Schwartz Presides
Important suggestions on how to make emergency main repairs, utilizing the new Civilian Defense zone.s for water supply set-up, were given by F. A. Schaefer of NeW Albany, superintendent of the pub-
the program calls tor a cooidma- m ... _ J, I J, J lie service company in New Albany
and Jeffersonville. Today’s meeting
in times of dire emergency.
No New Agencies
It was explained that no new agencies arc being set up, but rather
Monday, July 20
12:00 Noon Ag. Staff Luncheon W. Faculty Lge., Union 7:00 P.M. Reamer Club Meeting Room 304, Union 7:00 P.M. P. I. A. Chouis South Towei, Union 8:00 P.M. Hoof & Horn Club Room 303, Union
Tuesday, July 21
9:00 A.M. 2:30 P.M. 4:00 P.M. 7:00 P.M. 7:00 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 8:00 P.M.
7:00 P.M. 7:00 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M.
3:00 P.M. 3:00 P.M. 6:00 P.M. 7:30 P.M.
4:00 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 9:00 P.M.
8:30 P.M. 9:00 P.M.
Vocational Educ. Confeieiice E. & W. Rec. Rms., Union Civilian Defense W. P’aculty Lge., Union Committee on State of University Room 263, Union Christian Science Oiganization Room 303, Union Alpha Phi Omega - Room 307, Union Making the Most of Your Home Room 263, Union Graduation Exercises—Red Cioss ' Nurses Aid & Home Nursing Class Eliza Fowler Hall
Wednesday, July 22
First Aid Meeting Chiistian Fellowship Marriage Course Scabbar4 & Blade Meeting
Room 305, Union Room 307, Union Rooms 302-304, Union Room 303, Union
tion of existing government and commercial concerns. Each of the 19 zones of the state will have ready information on available supplies of equipment and repair materials w'ithin the areas well as the skilled personnel able to make repairs and adjustments in the shortest possible
time.
Cary Talks Majoi William 11. Cary, Jr., of Chicago, regional Civilian Defense Engineer, emphasized in his talk, which brought the school to a close, that water is the most necessary of all utility SCI vices and that an aimy and civilians cannot continue fight unless the water supply is niaiiitained. Upon the shoulders of tiallied voluiitocis, he said, will rest the responsibility of making the water utilities function in times of attack. The importance of emeigency
was presided over Schwartz, Vincennes.
by M. H.
Thursday, July 23
Pioduction Credit Meeting Screen Review Production Credit Meeting Tau Beta Pi Meeting
Rooms 355, 363, Union . Hall of Music W. Feculty Lge., Union Room 304, Union
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
NOW SHOWING — DOUBLE FEATURE — The Swellest Cross Country Romance You've Ever Thrilled To! REMEMBER THE NIGHT , with BARBARA STANWYCK FRED MacMURRAY PLUS You Too Will Say ■ It's Great! BISCUIT EATER with BILLY LEE RICHARD LANE
Friday, July 24
Cosmopolitan Club Meeting Prom Dinner Summei Piom
Room 304, Union Room 332, Union N. & Ballrooms, Union
Saturday, July 25
Dance—Cary Club South Sigma Nu Dance
Tov'er Lounge, Cary Hall Chapter House
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. HARDWARE —PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
TODAY - MON.
LUMA
TWO HITS
60®Ksabu IN TECHNICOLOR
THE SEASON'S SURPRISE MASTERPIECE OF LAUGHS!
-'"•DAN DAILEY, Jr. DONNA REED BOBBY BLAKE
Rousing successor to "To The Shores of Tripoli"! N
WESTPIIINI
MARf
\BurvmsTm^^ Now thru Wednesday
EXTRA
FURTHER PROPHECIES OF NOSTRADAMUS
Does Your SHIRT put up a ROOD \mV.
It does if it has beenN^ent to us for Laundering! 15^ each AMtRICilN LAUKDRY
132 NORTHWESTERN
DIAL 3085
-Starts TODAY-
T'I t
r
'‘S0^.iruiyHi94/' '' y '■-, ' Sports
Page
JM
Phi Gams, AGR's Reach Goid And Black Finals ,Two undefeated teams were knocked from the running in tftfe semi-final round of the Go^d and Black tourney Friday, as A'|pt(a Gamma Rho and Phi Gamma Delta blasted their way into the final round by decivise wins over Kappa Sigma ana
Phi Delta Theta, respectively.
The Phi Gams had little trouble disposing of the Phi Delts who had won seven straight — -
without a '■ defeat, as they ddwhed the latter team, 6-3^ to push their own won and lost ifecord to 7 and 1. In even more Convincing fashion, the AGR’s unlei^hed a scoring wallop that carried them to an overwhelming victory against the Kappa Sigs, 8-2. The losers had won six of their
ijeVen starts.
Pinais pTottiorrow
Sinde the playoffs began last week, the Phi Gams have knocked dvCr the Theta Chi’s, another undeicAtdd aggregation, and the Phi belt’s, while the AGR’s stopped the
SPE’s and the Kappa Sig’s to reach throughout the week, the findl flight. Ratchford Entered
Tomorrow night at 6:30 on field Ed Ratchford, Theta Chi, who one, the Phi Gams will face the placed second in the all-campus AGR’s for the championship. Ref- archery meet last month, is the only Crees will be Rogers and Mussel- organized archer who placed in that
s
ports Communique
By Bob Hadley
s
Fraternities Begin Archery Tourney Play Tomorrow Play in the interfraternity arch-
ery meet will start tomorrow at 4 p. m. on the archery range north of the women’s tennis courts, with 28 houses signed for the tourney.
Expected to draw a total of al-
most 50 bowmen, the competition
man.
R. D. Allemang Heads Top Howitzer Squad
event, and is classed as the top entry in the tourney. Wayne Shedd, Acacia, one of the high scoring members of the University aichery club, is expected to finish in the top
bracket.
Individual scorers, however, will not give as much aid to their houses
Winher of the summer term as will a team composed of several howitzer squad competition is average shooters, and for that reaSqpad 16, with Cadet 2nd Lt. R. D. son five of the fraternities have Allemang as executive officer and entered four or more men. Cadet 2nd Lt. J. A. Gentles as as^ Practice Sessions idstant executive officer. Last week daily practice sessions The sophomore members of the were held on the campus range unwinding squad are W. G. McDonald, der the instruction of R. F. FreyB. Ij, Taylor, C. E. Taylor, I. W. man. University student. Those who Carj^pntebv C. W. Spaulding, D. M. participated in the daily workouts Hoffman, R. C. Lindblade, and E. E. will receive first choice in this Ferslund. week’s competition dates, but all Second place was taken by Squad entries should phone date prefer5 which was led by Cadet 2nd Lts. ences into the intramural office. W. C. Lester and P. G. Miller; and At present there aie only eight Squad 14, led by Cadet 2nd Lts. C. E. archery sets available for the tourBosma and M. D. Yoder placed third, ney, howevei additional equipment The sixteen squads which took part has been ordered and it is hoped by in the Contest lepresent the largest officials that it ai rives before the turnout to date for this event. meet is over. Each contestant will I shoot 30 arrows at 30 yards, and The mid-summer roster, subject for that reason, theie will be a to some revision before practice great demand on the sets already on qpens Sept. 1, shows 29 sophomores, hand,
seniors, and 7 juniors. And at
jPolitical machinery is really in high gear on the campus as more and more organizations are getting behind the drive to put a Boilermaker in the starting lineup in the annual All-Star football game. With the fiaternities and residence halls, as Well as the Health Service and other University groups, cooperating in the distribution and signing of the mimeographed forms made up bearing the names of Melton; Petty, and Galvin, the votes are beginning to pile up. With the results of concerted action at the University still not affecting the tabulations. Tommy Melton forged into th^ lead in the race for ,the guard positions the other day. Melton wa^SI one of thO too few bright spots in our memories of an October' ^fternoOii Jest , year at Columbus, Ohio. About the only time in tl|»e Whole tftizzly afternoon that we were slightly mollified concernihfe dur being seatied on the goal line, was when three Buckeye wolud-be t^klets jeonverge's on a Riveter back right in front of us and ^pife^lfpopkefejln a heap by Tommy’s block that looked like it came j(tra|^t ^out .of a book. !■ ,j ' ^ ■ In our opinion, the high point of 1941 Boileimakei? f^ball ckme in that same game when Big John Petty, behind a wavp Op, intetS^ffence, such as was infrequently seen in the Riveter attack, ^W;^^ ovfer. fyom the ten for the second Purdue score. Somehow the way the Was runriing.that play, it looked more in earnest than it'had'fcpfi?eVib.usIy,'and there seemed to be no doubt in anyone’s mind that the half Would be over the goal when the water and spray subsided. ", i Both'Johnny Galvin and the team fell heir to onetf^ tjlfe outstanding representatives of last season’s copious supply df bad breaks, when Johnny suffered a head injury in practice. G^lyitfs lelt-fpoted i’ kicking and passing and his nimble ball-carrying, had mdde him a ^ valuable player in his 2'/2 seasons in a Riveter uniform/** The ballots for the contest have been filtering throughout the campus and town, and the response to date has produced votes numbering well into the thousands. However, huge totals have already been credited to grid stai s from other schools, and each position on the squad, Ijas pt least 5 to 10 outstanding contenders who played brilliant footb^all last fall. With only about one week of the race yet to run, it’s going to take mass production to keep the Boilermaker candidates up thdre. ' ‘
I N T R A M U R A L S
The Ward Softball finals will be played Monday evening at 6:30: 15 Diamond 4 Ward 2 vs. Ward 21. Umpires: Bussing and Shook. 16 The second round of Ward Soft-
Kappa. Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Alpha Gamma Rho.
ball will start Wednesday evening.' 17 Sigma Pi vs. Theta Tau.
least 22 of the''sophomores are 18 q^r 19 years old.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT
ADVERTISERS
Hays jewelry Co. 131 North Fourth St. Vr Fino Jewelry at Moderate Price ''
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
The following Fraternity Softball games will be played Tuesday evening, July 21: Diamond 1 Phi Kappa vs. Sigma Nu. 2 Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Acacia. 3 Alpha Sigma Phi vs. Triangle. 4 Alpha Tau Omega vs. Delta Upsilon. 5 Phi Gamma Delta vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 6 Phi Kappa Tau vs. Beta Sigma
Psi.
7 Alpha Chi Rho vs. Theta Xi. 8 Beta Theta Pi vs. Kappa Delta
Rho.
Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. Delta Chi vs. Sigma Chi. Phi Delta Theta vs. Theta Chi. Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Phi Kappa Psi. • Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Delta Tau Delta. Pi Kappa Phi vs. Phi Sigma
The Inter - Fraternity Archery competition will start Monday evening, July 20, at 4:30 p. m. All fraternities please plan to have your two man team at the Archery Range (north of ladies’ tennis courts), ready to shoot your required 30 arrows. V
Hawkeyes Expect Light Draft Losses
IOWA CITY, July 17—Losses of prominent University of Iowa football men to the armed forces, via the draft, probably will be very light and the Hawkeyes may even get by without dropping a man. This is indicated by the athletes themselves, in response to a questionnaire regarding their status as to possible call to service. The only major letter-jnan who expressed the definite chance was Al Urban, senior tackle, who said “great possibility.” Urban, however is married and might not be called until after the season. Farmer Might Go Tom Farmer, the left halfback and baseball star, and Ted (Duke) car ran, sophomore left halgback, said the chances are “rather good.” Ralph Beardsley, sophomore guard, is 21 and registered in the draft. Status of some of the other important players: Bill Burkett, end, advanced ROTC; Gene Curran, guard, high number in third registration; Del Dickerhoof, guard, advanced ROTC; Al Mannino, end, deferred until December; BiH Parker, end, in V-7 of naval leseiVe; Bob Penaluna, guard, deferred until De-
cember.
Others To Remain John Staak, tackle to enter some I’eserve branch; Bob Lauterbach, center, probably defeiTed; Bill Stauss, right halfback, reseive; Bob Yelton, tackle, high number; Ben Tiickey, quarterback, “doubtful;” and Jim Youel, quarterback, “no possibility.” Among the players who are too young for .seivice under present laws are Bill Bar-bour, end; Russ Benda, right halfback; Dick Hoeiner, fullback; Roger Kane, Jerry Kubal,and Bruno Niedziela, tackles; Jim Keane, end; Ed Schweizer, quarterback; and Chailes Uknes,
fullback.
Homer Allen Has Varied Career As Athlete/Coach By Joe Dawson ^ If there were an award given to the person having escorted the most Relay Queens, Homer Allen could take the prize with little or no difficulty. It has been estimated that in the 10 years Homer has been connected with the athletic plant here as an assistant track coach he has walked and talked with more of these selected beauties than any other man in the country. It is nice work if you u , — can get it and Homer can evi- Thompsonville, Commetfdently get it. Jn addition to the above datiss Allen started his athletic Allen taught 26 hours of PE. Durcareer at Concord, Mass., stay here he had , • , , ,, • . one championship football teltm and Where he won letters in foot- two track titles. According to Allen ball, ice hockey, track and base- these were the two hardest yearst ball. Incidentally, these were the jjj j^jg jjfg t,yt jjg didn't notice them only sports offered at the eastern particularly because he was doing prep school. something he liked. Didn’t Like Engineering After serving as ice hockey, baaeUpon graduation Homer entered ball and football coach at SuiBdd Northeastern University intent on School for Boys in Connecticut, becoming a Civil Engineer. After a Allen came west in the fall of 1928 short while, however, he decided to and was appointed assistant swimgive it up since the inside work defi- ming coach here at the University, nitely didn’t agree with him. “Run- After serving for four years in this ning a transit outside was O. K.,” capacity, he was made assistant admits Homei, “but that inside cal- track coach—the position he still culation stuff was just too much.” holds. About this time he decided to be- Teaches PE come a physical director. Allen’s chief duties since coming With this idea in mind he went to here have been the teaching of the Springfield College where he starred many PE classes. For the first few in football, swimming and track, years he and Larry LaBree had to Homer’s participation in athletics teach all such classes. At the preshere was handicapped considerably ent time, however, a staff of some 15 since he had to earn his entire way. coaches and instructors have reHe took care of the majority of his lieved these two men somewhat of tuition by bfficiating football and this heavy burden, basketball games. Largely because When Allen came west in 1928 he of this early expeiience Homer is was planning on getting a couple of one of the finest referees around years more experience and then go these parts. back. However, he has been here for Versatile! 14 years now and from all indicaAftei his graduation in 1921 he tions will be many more. As Homer was appointed head football, bas- puts it “I am now a full fledged ketball and track coach at the high Hoosier.”
— 9
10
r 11
12 13 14
The following Cary Hall Tennis matches will be played Monday eve-
ning, July 20,at 4 o’clock: Cary Hall 7 vs. Caiy Hall 6. Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 2. Cary Hall 3 vs. Caiy Hall 4.
The following elimination matches in the Inter-Frateinity Golf Tournament aie to be played off by
Monday morning, July 20:
Phi Kappa Tau vs. Delta Upsilon.
Theta Chi vs. Sigma Chi. Phi Delta Theta vs. Theta Xi.
Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Kappa— winner of this match to play Sigma
Alpha Tau Omega Leads Softball League With 11-1 Average; Race Nearly Finished With the conslusion of the fraternity softball tournament noW in sight, several teams are making a strong bid in an effort to come out on top in this chief summer I-M competition. There will be no playoffs at the finish and the team hav-
A 16 millimeter mlent Picture on jgg^ average will be declared the winner,
first aid, entitled “Heads Up,” will o .. -mi-j •
be shown to the physical education .^y Virtue of its Win Thursday evening Alpha Tau Omega
classes at the University this week, still is holding on to its slim ■
it was announced recently by Homer lead with a fine 11-1 average, pj^y of these three top E. Allen of the Division of Physical Their lone defeat was at the clubs in each of their games thus Education. hands of the Phi Kappa outfit far. A typical game was the TKE’s Prof. Allen announced that the earlier in th§, season. Inci- vrin over the Beta’s Thursday l»vi iirr^nlH na o^railaKlA rn 4-it*c?4- nT<-I —..ixT. T>_1_ xt _ • i_ i-i v
PE Classes To See Movie On First Aid
BE SMART . . . with
MODERN LUGGAGE
this VACATION
You practically “live in” your luggage during vacation time! You want the kind you can defend upon, to keep clothes wrinkle free; with plenty of room for every vacation fashion and accessory. Every piece of luggage which we stock is selected for its practical advantages, as well as for its smart styling. Whether you want leather or fabric, tailored or high fashion design, find it here at the right price. Ladies' Overnight Cases $3.95 to $12.50 Matching Wardrobe Cases $6 95 to $1 8.95 Men's All-Leather Sport Cases 10 00 to $25 00 Men's Gladstone Cases 8.50 to $20.00 Thieme & Wangerin 622-626 Main Street
BUY WAR BONDS
411 STATE ST. — W. L.
FOSTER'S CAMERA SHOP
rr’S TRUE! fiy Wiley Padan,
WE, THE PEOPLE... The opening phias'e of the Constitution of the United States is utilized in this poster being issued by the Division of Information, Office for Emergency Management, for the Office of Production Management. In red, white, and blue, the poster will be displayed in post offices, by manufacturers with defense contracts, and by State defense groups and related organizations. Copies, 14 by 22 Inches, may be obtained on
request to the Division of Information, OEM.
“2 denWly Phi Kappas tied with " ^
otheis when it is not in use on the ^KE s for second place, both ^^^>5 jjj ^ threatening position all
campus. teams having lost only tw^ games gjjj
Anyone who wishes to borrow it ^ ^ ^ coming ou on op in o ggjjjg fancy chucking for the ATO’s. duiing the coming week may do so encoun ers. present time only three by cdntacting Mr. Allen. Telephone Good Hurliag games remain on the schedule for 3076. Biilliant hulling has maiked the each team. However, all fraterni-
ties were forced to postpone two of their games because of rain earlier in the season. Whether these gam4s will be played is still a question. All three of the top teams should breeze through their three remaining games with the possible exception of the Phi Kappas who must play the Sigma Pi’s next week. Sigma Nu could come through in the giant killer lole since they plajr
each of the three.
Thiee more teams, namely. Phi Delta Theta, Sigma Chi and Theta Chi are all tied for fourth placd with a recoi d of 9 wins and 3 losses. The Phi Delt’s led the league dufing the fiist half of the race 'by winning nine consecutive games befoie being stopped by Phi Kappa. They now have lost three straight. Sigma Pi and Sigma Alpha Mu follow in order with 8 wins against 4
defeats.
Be Prepared for I Summer Prom with Fresh Looking Clothes
IPs time for you to get out your summer formal wear and get them in top for the gala
Norlhwesfern and Vine Sts.
Phone 4081
John Robert Shinn ... of the class of 1939 has been promoted from the grade of Private to Piivate First Class, Brigadier General Matthew B. Ridgeway, commanding oflBcer of the 82nd Division, announced recently. Private Shinn received his promotion gs reward for ability shown during the past months of training with the 82nd, best known as the “All-Amer-ican” Division, stated Ridgeway. The Division is in training at Camp Claiborne, Louisiana.
ACCmiNfS HELP THf AXISPurdue Exponent
Bundny^ July 1% 194^
mf,
In-Plant Training • (Cofitinued from page 1)
factor in ammunition, explosives
lihd sheU loadihg Women piobabiy part in our drive on the farm fiont Won’t be used largely in the manu As in industiy, they constitute the
Un, JhjL
(^hu/vdisA. Today’s Program of the Wesley Foilhdation at the FirSt Methodist
First Debris Photo Contest Attracts
Few Enttanis
Accoiding to the
Alpha Phi Omega Elbcfs |bhh Either President Alpha Phi Omega, national scouting honoiary, announces the election of the following oflRceis piesir
dent, John Eichei, vice president of M Hoffman Debus pho- pledging, Oaldy Goidon, vice pies
PrirdVe Ofdcr oi 7oilaveS‘ Ihe following have been elected is pn-dges for t sum. mor semester T B Pierce E C Booth G J Graham R C Phillipp J A Pitts P M Prass J L Lilandi H B Beach W, r BradI C V Graft L A Bookwalteij W ft GoiMmbl tl A Pieldth if g Button O J Meyer C F Ortstadt W G Simp spn M A luttlo E L Stephenson J W Sims G H Christena K K Harrison D
-JACKSON
All Education iWaJbrs* Blim to dUenS open nlieating (f Kappa Delta Pi in W®®* rniully Lounge of the Union on Wednesday July 22 at 7 30 p m Discussion by high school pnnclphls on what ifdministra, tois look for in selecting the, lufcccfeslul applicant for a ttacfiing job
ikctui*fe of tanks and guns, although Jaigest pait of the “local labor” church. North ChaUrttey and South tography staff, veiy few pictuies ident of activities, Soward Weaver,
weie entered in the first section of tieasuiei, Buxton Kuck, secietaiy, the Debus photography contest, Francis Guppenbeigei, and coordiwhich closed Friday natoi, Willis Schalliol Anyone is eligible to entei the The following faculty advisois contest except juniois and sehiois weie elected chairman, Pi'of Dan on the Debris staff, and may sub- Den Uyl, School of Poiestry, Pi of mit any number of pictures Two H G Venenliann, School of Mechan-
iSi England they hie employed in upon which employeis must draw Streets, West LafaJ^ette tanic factories Aheady in some rmal communities 9 30 a m—Chuich School Mrs fildtiStrial Training Important where shortages have developed, J c Franklin will teach the student Training for industry is as im- women are beir|g reciuited foi farm claSs on “The Base of a Just and portant as training foi the woik woik through the IJ S Employ- Durable Peace ” of the fighting front During the nient Service 10 40 a m—Public Worship phnod when we thought of “de- it is up to the individual workei. Service The minister, Di Otto
fenSe” rather than aggiessive wki, and quite as much to the individual Scott Steele, Will have for his ser- puzes will be given each month, one ical Engineering, Dr Heischel we nonetheless made a good start employer, to do his part in bunging uion theme, “How To Be Happy” foi the most scenic picture, and one Hunt, chemiStiy department, 0 W libWards training facilities for the about Oiderly manpowei mobiliza- The Paul Tincher Smith Memoiial foi the picture best representing Ford, agiiculturdl chen%isjry de^xpafidftig labor army Today fa- tion The worker should stay on Chou will furnish the musical num- cartipus life Winners who have al- paitment, and Edward Rowley, oihties of 2,400 Vocatibnal schools, his wai job until the government bers leady bought the Debris will have scout executive 10,000 school shops, and 200 techni- tells him be is more needed else- 1 45 p m—Wesley Vespets at their money lefunded In the announcement of the mica! colleges and Universities aie wheie—eithei ip another war job the church Following the social Prizes Awarded At End Of Month tiates appeatmg in the Exponent geared into a iiaining system which /or in the armed foices If he is now period, a motion pictuie on “The All enities must be placed in an recently three men weie omitted,, is turning out steadily increasing m a peace time job, he should look City,” the second in a series foi the entiy box at the West Desk of the Ronald Cox, Robert Pielsticker and ntthibers of skilled and semi-skilled for a job in wai industry to which month of July, will be piesented by Union or in the Debus woikshop by Andrew Scheutekuk
Workers This system was created he is fitted the Commission on Community the 17th of the month to win one irrimediately after the fall of France Employed or not, the woikei Seivice, Dale Moffet, chaiiman of the puzes awarded at the end and nouiished vuth federal appro- should explore the chances of ob- The public is invited to all of of the month
ptiations It has trained some taming training foi an essential these services
6,000,OtH) workeis now employed in -war job Workers shouldn’t migrate Warmdustiy As of April 1, 750,000 about the country looking for wai people weie enioiled in training woik They should contact the U forces conducted outside of mdus- S Employment Seivice to find out try, in courses which—m less than where the jobs are opening up and two yeais, had trained about 3 - what kind of workers aie needed '760,000 Workers The m plant tram- and something about housing, transit systems installed by the Train- poitation and working conditions ihg-VSTithin Industry Branch, a part As for technical students in colleges df the Federal Secuiity Agency, and high schoolsH^ey should if pos havb been operating in more than sible stay at school pi epaung thein3,106 plants in war industry, em- selves for jobs m war industry
We are making a national adjustment of a sort nevei before at tempted It is an adjustment which must be made swiftly'—the Axis
ingenious, and involve an applica- manpower mobilization was long
tion to industry of that cooperative since completed We aie making time foi shortened peiiod Prof approach which is the essence of this adjustment of oui own frge N Prentice of the Foiestiy De democracy The piocess begins with will, we aie doing it m the demo paitment will speak
jSloying more than 3,30fi,0()0 work-
ers
“In-Plant” Training In plant training techniques are
United Presbyterian Church John W Findley, Minister 10 30 a m—Morning Worship 9 30 a m —Class in Religion Discussion theme ‘ The Basis of a
Durable Peace ”
5 30 p m —Sunday Evening Club The group will meet at the church at 5 30 for a hike and picnic sup-
per
Purdue Christian foundation
Today’s Program at
Lafayette Christian Church 9 16—Catch iide from 131 S
Giant
9 30—Student Class Come
Each photo must be a glossy
punt, not less than 314 x 414 inches and not more than 4x6 inches in size The subject, division entered, and the name and addiess of the entrant should be written on the back The Debus has claim on the nega-
tive of any entry submitted
School Officials To Talk Before Kappa Delta Pi
Foul of the principals and super-
S intendents now enrolled m the woikshop for high school pimcipals on heie on the campus will lead a dis B cussion at an open meeting of Kap pa Delta Pi, education honoraiy, Wednesday evening at 7 30 m the
the training of “lead men” These ciatic way We are doing it, not 10 15—ChUich Woiship Service West Faculty Lounge of the Union men, foremen and supervisors, need because someone says we must, but The Rev Doyle Mullen will preach Paiticipatmg in this discussion, no tiaimng m their special skills because we intend to beat the Nazis the seimon entitled, “Things That which will deal with what a school
Their Darning is in how to pass aRJ Japs along those skills or a pait of those
skills to suboidinates
To datqi53,000 of these lead men P©f SOIlll.©! ISTot^S
have been trained to teach new workers in 2,046 plants with a total 6fnployment of 2,546 167 woikeis The job instiuetor piogram is spreading rapidly to new plants and reaches “lead men” at the rate of about 8,000 a week The next step
Finally Mattel ” admmistiatoi should look for m seTheie will be no meeting of the lecting a teachei will be Paul A
Sunday Evening Forum tonight
Holley Catrbaretor Company, Detroit, Michigan—Coming Wednesday, July 22 Interested m August ME Sign m Personnel Office by
Tuesday, July 21
is for the ‘fiead men” to pass along General Electric Company, Shenherd his knowledge to those beneath Schenectady, New York Coming 3 qq „
him Each of these practical in- Interested m appli- naisonase
structois trams at least 10 workers ‘^^tions from all August Engineei-
ing and Science seniors This m-
West Lafayette Baptist Church Roger Williams Foundation Joseph Baird Gleason Minister 9 30 a m—-Class for students
10 30 a m—Morning Worship Seimon by the pastoi An interpie
tation of the 23rd Psalm
Piogiam committee
5 00 p m—Meetatchuich Picnic
home All students, sailois_aud sol
O'
dieis aie invited to attend meetings
and social affaiis
—trains them on the job and dur acierice seniors inis m- ^t Piof P T Biown’s iftg the process of production ‘^l^des students who are entering fnd meeting at Prof P T Brown s
These things we must do inoie
and faster—if we are to have the Office
labor force we need to beat the Carnegie Illinois Steel Corpora Axis Dob. Gary Works—Coming Tues Use Local Labor day, July 28 Interested m August Eifiployers m war mdustiy must Science or Engineer mg seniors m make use of all local sources of la Diested m cost analysis Sign m
Personnel Office by Monday, July
27
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS University Book Store Acroes From Umoo (1 Sammons *29 **Doc* Epple *40
bor They must relax frivolous hu mg rules based on prejudice lules which now bar qualified negroes,
women, oldei workers and persons U S Rubber Company, Misha of foreign birth oi antecedents fiom waka, Indiana—Representative will jobs in some plants visit the campus soon Interested in Employeis must be prepared to August ME, ChE, Sei (Chemists), tram and employ women iminedi PSE Sign in Personnel Office by ately paiticularly in laboi shortage Thursday, July 23 areas and m the seivice trades, to Armstrong Cork Company, Lan take the place of men called to wat caster, Pennsylvania—Interested in or needed in those heavy industries August ME PSE, EE, CE, ChE —steel, shipbuilding and the like Sign in Peisonnel Office by Fuday,
for which women are un<^uited Emplojeis must be prepared to upgrade workcis into the supeivis ors and foremen they will need to organize the gieatei pioduction ef fort coming next \/intei when the wai production piogram reaches
the all out stage
Employeis must abandon the
July 24
Western Union Telegraph Company, New York—Interested m EE Sign m Peisonnel Office by Fiiday,
July 24
Pennsylvania Railroad—Interest ed in Decembei EE Sign in Peisonnel Office by Satuiday, July 25 Continental Electric Company,
Geneva, Illinois—August oi Decern
practice of laboi puacy, a practice ^E Sign in Personnel Office at
which hinders the production of their industries as a whole and thereby hampeis the whole wai pio
giam
Farmer Has Problem
once
Curtiss Wright Corporation, Pas saie, New Jersey—Inteiested in August Aeronauticals, CE, EE,
^ PSE, ME, MetE, ChE Sign in PerThe farmer, whose pioduction job gonnel Office by Satuiday, July 25 IS as important as any must be pre —_
pared to take his laboi wheie he can find it He must be piepaied,
this summer, to employ youths and women and white collar workeis and bring in a harvest which will lequiie about 12 000 000 workei s at if$ peak Women can play a gieat
DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD J RISK
— DENTISTS —
400-404 Schultz Bldg 4th and Mam Sts Lafayette
SpsciaL Scdn! Whitp.Dowble Breasted (. Forrtiol Coats Pfedched Laplel Our Regular $15.00 Coots
STOP!
DON'T WORRY ABOUT YOUR
BAGGAGE-
DON’T WORRY
ABOUT
WALKING-
CALL A
YELLOW CAB aNd be there ON TIME!
YELLOW CAB 5023 — Phones — 3071
NYA Bulletin UftOfficial Word has reached us that the NYA Program fnay be continued on a i educed scale All undergraduate men students interested in work on NYA piojects are advised to call at the Personnel Office for applications at
once
Women may secure application blanks at the office of the Placement Sen ice for Women If, and when, an allotment has been officially assigned to the University, applicants will be no-
tified
—NYA COMMITTEE
Sophomote Military Students All abpho more students who desire to be considered for ciuollment in the Advanced Course, ROIC will submit applicjitions in person to the Advanced Course Selection Board ac coidini? to the followlnpc schedule The Ad vanced Course Selection Board will he in session in Room 201 of the University \rri«6ry Students with surname beginning with A thiough C Monday July 2(1 4 to 6 p m D through F luesday July 21 4 to 6 p m G through K Wednesday July 22 4 to b p m L through N Ihuradhy July 2J 4 to 6 p m O through S Friday July 24 4 to 6 p m T to end Saturday July 2B 1 to 3 p m Students who aie nbt able to attend the regular meeting of their eapective groups should contact any sopho more instructor in Military Training for specific permission to meet with another
1 loup Failure of any student to submit Niel Driscoll Jim Flannagan John Lippert application on one of the above dates is an Nedra Ann Pieree D K Smith Iim Morlcel indication to the Board that hi> is not in —.meet in Union office nt 4 15 Monday
terested in being considered for enrollment July 20
in Advanced Course ROTC —CHAPMAN and SIKCLER
—GRAHAM
TTnion Puttering: Room Paul Blakley Freshman Campers Thoie will be a meet Dick Clearwater Jim Ciaip: C Pingrv
mg: of all those interested in Ireshman lim Stalhnjus Bmapani Santoni Clayton Camp on Tuesday July 21 in Room 304 of Woodward—nrip t m Union off 15
the Union It is hoped that a larRc number Monday July 20 —KIESTER
of former campers will plan to attend and
Notices
help make plans for the August camp Any he who IS interested in acting is a Coun selor this year but who cannot be this meeting may call Schalhol (56052) or Singer (8421) —SINGER Phi Lambda Upsilon Pledges There will be a short meeting, of all pledges in room 106 of the Chemibtiy building Monday luly 20 at 4 p m A full atendance is expected
—ADAMS
Freshman Women All freshmin women must be in then place of residence by 8 00 p rrt e\ciy nig,ht excel t Friday Saturday and Sunday Regular coed houis will be in effect for those three nights —HARRISON SCA Board Board meeting Tuesday July 21 at 7 30 p m in the SCA room Full attendance is important since business es sential foi the future welfare of the SCA shall be discussed Please be prompt —MOGAVERO Interfraternily President s Council Keys are at the fiaternity affairs office C me and get them —SCHWAB All Science Seniors AU those who plan to giidintc in August call it Den Eulers Hue t( fill (ut th necessary blinks
fnders
Freshman Campers There will be n moot ing of ill those interested in Fieshmin
Open mehting <n Monday fuljl 2()
at 7 30 p m in room 108 of the Meclignionl building Ihr 0 films from Curtiss Wright
and Btll Aircraft Co will be ‘'1'"'''" „„
—SAVERY
PIA Board Ihcr/ i i I be a mootirtp- on
Monday July 20 at 4 p m
Union Mnslc Room and Reception ComiPittee Bill Collins Wally. El)ifrit Anita Gliitk Mtl Guthrit Georgi Quick Tack Wright mci-t in Union office at 4 15 Mon-
day evening July 20 at 4 15
—MacDONALD
Union Camera Clubs Cibi Blade Shirley Cohen Jeanne Fountaine Ken Hillard Bob Stallings Geoigo Salter—meet in Union
office at 4 15 Monday July 20
—FURMAN
Union Defense Committee Roy Beyer
Un on PuM city Committee Barrett Bil lica Louis Caldarelh Katie Gannon Ruth Mathis C B Noeltmg Mike Reynolds meet in Union office at 4 15 Monday
July 20 ^ —FRIER and KATTERJOHN
Union Recreation Committee Tom Coffing Dick Collister Pat Huber R S Mar tin Chailes May Mario Pagliarulom meet in Union office at 4 15 Monday July 20
—NELSON and HUICHINS
Union Personnel Committee Bill Dvork Ruth levin Jane Schutt Bob Senour Art Shapiro Bill Wilson John McMurray— meet in Union office at 4 15 Monday July 20 —HILLER and GEE
Senior Military Students Report to the
miin office Purdue Armory Mond ly July Camp on ruesdny July ^1 at 7 10 P m 20 1 4 p .. . .
Rehmeis, supeiintendent at Lakewood Ohio, H L Shillei, supeiin tendent at Bumingham, Michigan, Chailes C McMiuty principal at Kouts Indiana, and I R Mitchell, pi mcipal at Newcastle Indiana All Kappa Delta Pi alumni and all students majoiing in education aie invited to attend the meeting
The Choir will sing ‘The Loul Refieshments will be seived
Alpha Phi Omega In tallation of officer^ ruesday July 21 m room 30 of the Union 'll 1 30 p m Please be piompt
—WILBUR
Reservists All male students who have not yet completed the two years basic mil itary Training required for graduation and are now members of the Naval or Marine
in Room 361 f the Uni n It i h p I that i large number of formci eimveis will plan to aU lul and h Ip make i 1 ins fo ithc A igust Cimp Anyone who i in t lest d in acting as i counseloi this year but who cann t bt it thi mteting m i> eall
Sehall 1 (o 0 oi Slider (84‘^1) Freshmen All first emestor Irtshmon
wh do not live in Caij Hall will pitast lepoit to the Aelivitics OlTiec loom 3''6 of
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Adding Machines nil makes sold rented repaired and purchased Mime ogr iph w )ik done C J Ebershofl: 605 Main Lafayette Phone 2779 Money to loan on diamonds watches guns, luggage typewriters Albert s Loan Office 407 Columbia I ost Gold Waltham wrist watch on men s tennis courts Sat rday Phone Bob Hadley 3301 Rowan
New Honey for Sale Wiuht
Phone 2801 L E
Help Wanted—Office assistant—tlemen tary bookkeeping experience and accuracy handling (ash—some stenographic ability-
Corps Reserve report to the Adjutants of« between 1 and p
the Union foi Freihman Interviews Come general filing Write Exponent Box No 14
fice Purd iG Armoiy for important infor mation relative to your status —RTORDAN Registration Workers Students who wish to work tor the Rogibtrai during the fall term registration Aug ist 31 September 1 aid 2 are reiue t d t> m i-ke application at the registrii s offiec Ihosouith prev ous experience at reel tr-rtion r in thci cltn cil jobs ire given j reference
—STONE
nesday or Thurslay
1 ext Monday W d
-WELLS
Camera Club R eul i mooting Thursday July 21 at 30 I m in Ro( m 30r —FURMAN Par 20 Junior Military Students All wlio hi\L loci swon 11 to the LRC repi 11 to th m un office f tl o Aimory M ndav J ly 0 b Us cT 1 ail I ] m to sign advanced eoui e contiact —CRAHAM
t DOES YOUR PEN LEAK? Expert Keiiair Service SOUTHWORTH'S
Keep Pitehing with United States ' WAR BONDS & STAMPS! .Every Stamp and Bond You Buy HELPS TO CALL A STRIKE ON AMERICA’S ENEMIES Get in the Game Now!
WAR BOInDS & STAMPS!