Hoire Dame, 7 Midiigaa, 15 Carnegie Tech, 0 Yale, 13
Ohio State, 42 Chicago, 7
Boilermakers
Badgers,
/
Purdue Exponent
SUNDAY
October 23, 1938
Lafayette, Indiana
Vol. 50
No. 35
Wildcats Down Illinois; Buckeyes Win
f, WAR Canton Fell . . . . . . into the hands of mechanized Japanese units and troops yesterday, climaxing a nine-day offensive which started 80 miles away at Bias Bay. Loss of Canton further isolated Chinese armies defending Hankow ; on the northern front, and puts a vast commercial area under Japanese dominance. Headed by tanks, 40,000 Jap troops crashed through the flimsy, hastily contructed outer defenses of the great southern metropolis, fir- „ ing only a few shots. Troops de- ' ployed through the eastern section, weeded out snipers, and consolidated their position. ; Chinese refugees are fleeing from the Canton area by thousands, while Chinese government heads are taking tempox’ary shelter at Tungyuen. i Retiring Chinese troops blew up the Pearl Harbor bridge leading I into the heart of Canton. In Hong Kong foreign diplomats speculated on whether suspension of aerial bombardment of Canton ten days ago and secret withdrawal of authorities meant there had been a “sellout.” Japan’s Central . . . . . . China invaders are battering at !' the gates of Hankow, General Chiang Kai-shek’s provisional national capital. Mechanized Japanese troops have driven to within 30 miles of the city, causing mass evacuation- of the Hankow tri-city
area.
Chiang Kai-shek fled to Chungf king, war office spokesmen said yesterday, “only the military and militarized workers will be left in the Wu-Han (Wuchang, Hankow, and
Hanyang) area at dawn.” Rebels Attacked . . .
... in the Delcoso sector on the Spanish Ebro front Wednesday, ** but were met with heavy machine gun and automatic rifle cross-fire which forced them back. The Spanish front has been reported generI ally quiet during the week.
WASHINGTON
, Affecting Millions . . . ... of workers, new wages-hour law will go into effect tomorrow. In interests of improving working r conditions, wage minimums have been fixed for a period of years, starting with a rate of 25 cents per
hour for the first year.
1 During the next six years, 30
cents will be the limit, while, after this period, the rate will be set at a minimum of 40 cents per hour. The new law grants 44 working hours per week as a maximum for the first year, 42 hours the second, and from that time forward a 40
hour week.
As A Consequence . . . ... of being found guilty of violating the Wagner act in a series of 1937 strikes. Republic Steel corporation was ordered this week, by the labor relations board, to rehire its 5,000 striking employees. - Board orders were to reimburse strikers for time lapsing since first applications for re-employment, to dismiss, if necessary, workers hired after strike in re-jobbing the strik-
ers.
Dalhover . . . . . . sentenced to die for the killing of State Policeman Paul Minneman of the West Lafayette barracks, was refused supreme court review late this week. Minneman was fatally injui’ed while attempting to apprehend Dalhover for the alleged robbery of the state bank at Goodland. Continued on page 2)
Helen Jepson To Vocalize In Convo Tomorrow Night Will Give Performance 2 Days To Accommodate Large Student Audience By Jim Hebbeler Music lovers will get a chance to drink in the exquisite music of a truly great singer tomorrow and Tuesday nights when Helen Jepson appears on the campus in the second convocation of the year. The performance will start at 8o’clock in Memorial Gymnasium.
Helen Jepson Miss Jepson, made her debut in the Metropolitan Opera a few seasons ago, and in that time has risen to the top in the musical field. Her debut, opposite Lawrence Tibbett, was a brilliant success and hit after hit has followed. Her repertoire now includes “Traviata,” “ Faust,” “Pagliacci,” “La Boheme,” “Martha,” “Othello,” “Thais,” and many others. Frosh, Seniors First Monday’s pei-formance will be limited to freshmen and seniors, as Tuesday only sophomores and juniors will be admitted. Green staff tickets are valid only on Monday, blue staff tickets and 10 townspeople’s tickets only on Tuesday. If for legitimate reasons the holder wishes to exchange nights, he may turn in his passport to Professor Gunn, 213 Purdue Hall or Miss Stover, history department office. Continued on page 4)
Michigan, Notre Dame Score Vidories While Indiana, Iowa Stumble Three Big Ten teams remain unciefeated in the conference today with the Minnesota Gophers, who were idle this week, still at the top, winner of two games, with no defeats. Ohio State has also won two games, but its record is marred by the tie with the Northwestern Wildcats, who continued their defensive record as they held the fourth straight team on their schedule scoreless. Aside from the Boilermakers, Ohio State and Northwestern were the winners in conference games yesterday, with Michigan the only Big Ten team to triumph outside the conference. Notre Dame, one of • the nation’s leading elevens, also came through with a triumph. Carnegie Tech vs. Notre Dame A stout-hearted Carnegie Tech eleven surprised the Irish of Notre Dame by their aggressive play for three quarters of the game at South Bend yesterday, and almost scored on two occasions, but finally fumbled the Irish into a touchdown late in the fourth period. Bill Kerr, substitute end for Notre Dame, recovered a Titan fumble on the Carnegie 8 yard line and carried the ball over on an endaround play to give the Irish the final edge. Colgate vs. Iowa Colgate’s Red Raiders proved too much for the Iowa Hawkeyes at Iowa City yesterday, pushing over two toiichdowns to down the home team, 14-0. After winning from the Maroons of Chicago last week the Hawkeyes were striving to capture their second victory of the season in one of the day’s inter-sectional contests, but they lacked the scoring punch which has been absent in all of their games this season. Indiana vs. Kansas State Indiana University’s hapless Hoosiers failed in their fourth attempt of the season to register their initiaUiqumph as an aggressive Kansas State team downed the Cream and Crimson, 13-6, at Bloomington yesterday. (Continued on page 3)
Co-eds Sign Names In University Hall Tomorrow For Lodde Speech Contest Co-eds interested in the annual Lodde Speech Contest must sign their names and affiliation in University Hall tomorrow afternoon by six o’clock, according to directors of the contest. The preliminaries for the contest will be held Tuesday afternoon at four o’clock in the same room. Seventy-seven co-eds have signed
names and affiliation for the current contest as compared to the total number of entrants of 175 for competition last year. Girls Notified Tuesday Girls already signed for the preliminaries, will be notified concerning the schedules of their speeches Tuesday. Forensic managers an- ' nounced that co-eds who have made entries may not change their affiliations. Eight-oij^ten co-eds will be chosen to speak lA the finals, Wednesday evening at 7:30 o’clock in the Home Economics Auditorium. The winner will be awarded a desk plaque, and the organization with the highest total points will be awarded the Lodde cup for one year. An organization winning the cup for three conseqitive yeai-s will be given the permanent possession of the cup.
Verplank..
Outstanding Sophomore Co-eds Attend Training School Course Tuesday WSGA has invited 100 sophomore co-eds, outstanding in scholarship, to attend the meetings of the organization’s training school, which will be held each Tuesday and Thursday, beginning October 25. Started last year by Betty Ann Stewart, the school is intended to explain to the selected co-eds the purpose of WSGA and to prepare them for work in the organization. Half of the sophomores will attend the meetings on Tuesday and half on Thursday.
THE WEATHER
Mike Byelene Leads Last Half Attack With 73 Yard Run, Touchdown Pass To Krause As Riveters Reverse First Half Procedure Boilermakers Orercome Seyen Point Half. Time Deficit With Sparkling Offense As Substitutes Provide Scoring Punch Lacked In Initial Period Some hundred and twenty years ago France was “going to town” behind the leadership of a “little man.” Yesterday afternoon about four o’clock a squad of big Boilermakers, inspired by the brilliant playing of their own “little man,” went to town after their own fashion and downed a hard fighting Wisconsin squad, 13-7, in one of the best contests in the long Badger series. In the game for comparatively few minutes, “Little Mike” Bylene carried the ball only seven times but gained a total of 91 yards for his efforts, an average of 13 yards for each attempt. At the start of the second half, with the score 7-0 in Wisconsin’s favor, Mike replaced Brock at right half, and after eight minutes of see-saw football it was Purdue’s ball on their own 41. ' " '
. . . lineman who injured an ankle in the Boilermaker-Badger fray yesterday and has played a sterling game during the current season.
Freshmen To Submit Essays For Annual Scrivener Contest Freshman writers will be given a chance to exhibit their wares in the annual Scrivener Club contest for the best short story or essay. Deadline for the contest will be Thursday. English 32 students are asked by Scrivener Club offices to submit their better essays. English 32 instructors are asked to turn any manuscripts they deem worthy to Jary Cleveland, Scrivener president before the Thursday deadline. Awards for the winners include a five dollar first prize, three dollar second prize, and one dollar third prize, with several honorable mention awards being given. Marvin Smith, Tenor, Makes Hit At Mixer Albert P. Stewart, choral director, introduced a superb new tenor voice to the campus last night in the person of Marvin Smith before 655 couples at the Union .Homecoming mixer. Smith first sang “Gianinnia' Mia” from the “Firefiy,” and was applauded into singing “Mighty Like A Rose.” The Men’s Glee Club sang their prize-winner “The Animals Are Coming,” “The Winter Song,” and closed the program with a ball-room-full of students and alumni singing “Hail Purdue.” Topping by 230 couples the number of dancers at last night’s Artie Shaw mixer, the Union had one of the biggest ballroom crowds in its history. H. H. Kraybill Delivers Talk On Canned Dog Food H. H. Kraybill, state chemist at the University, spoke Friday at the annual conference of the National Association of Dairy, Food and Drug Officials. Dr. Kraybill spoke on “Canned Dog Food.” He pointed out that there had been a marked increase in the number of canned dog foods in Indiana. The number of different brands of food has risen from 20 in 1933, to 112 in 1938.
First Touchdown Byelene received the ball from center, faded and passed over the line to Britt for a gain of eight yards. DeWitte carried the ball to the Wisconsin 41 in two plunges and on the next play Byelene completed a pass to Brown for a gain of 11 yards. “Little Mike” then took the ball on an off-tackle play and carried the oval 11 yards to the Crimson 20. He was held to a one yard gain on a line plunge, and on the next play he faded back for a pass, spied Jack Krause in the open and flipped a neat pass into his outstretched hands. Untouched, Krause stepped over the goal line for the first Boilermaker tally. Brock replaced Byelene and kicked the extra point to tie the score at seven all. Second The Boilermakers soon lapsed back into mediocrity, without the services of their little corporal, and it was not until the final period was well under way and Byelene had replaced Brock that they recovered their enthusiasm and once more crossed the Wisconsin goal. Unable to make first down, Beilin kicked and Byelene returned (tA his own 28. DeWitte lost a yard on an attempt through right tackle. Quarterback Hennis, looking at the Wisconsin goal line far in the distance and at the fastly spinning clock, turned to our Mike and said, “Little man, what now.” “O. K. Chief,” came the reply, and back to receive a pass from center. Taking the ball on his own 23, Byelene cut through left guard, found himself in the clear, and breezed on down the side line, out running four would-be tacklers to cross the goal line standing up, for the finest piece of broken field running seen in the (Continued on page 3)
Alumni Feted By Various Campus Organizations Breakfasts, Luncheons Banquets Fill Varied Program Of Graduates I Coming from far and near to attend the annual Homecoming festivities and witness the Purdue-Wis-consin football game. University alumni thronged upon the campus yesterday for a two day session of activity. / Classes of 1911 and 1912, holding their annual banquet yesterday at noon were but forerunners to the many fraternity and sorority dinners held in honor of returning alumni. Purdue Mortar Board members at their annual breakfast climaxed a long succession of celebrations and reunions. Alnmni Active In addition to the football game and reunion luncheons, the alumni had a full morning following the guides on tours covering the many points of intevA^st on and around the campus. Two freshman gridiron teams started the day’s hostilities, and the Badger-Boilermaker cross country teams were racing over Indiana’s hills and dales concluded the entertainment for the morning. Evening activities for the alumni was provided by Bud Bryant and his band following the game. The football frolic was thronged with over 600 grads and students celebrating the victory.
Pi PhiSf Phi Gamma Deltas^ Capture Decoration Honors By Seymour Lutzky Vivid Boilermaker imaginations reached their height yesterday in the Homecoming Day decorations erected by the fraternity and sorority houses, as the Alumni Association selected the winners. The winning fraternity. Phi Gamma Delta, !"“t ycJir, ran a Boilermaker and a decrepit, broken-down Badger. Three remaining empty stalls, symbolizing the three more football horses the Riveters have to beat, completed a track smrrounded by bleachers. The Phi Gams created 'I’ace track atmosphere by passing out handbills to cars and passersby. “Heads We Win” — ——
T) Forecast for Indiana: Mostly cloudy and cool today. Fair tomorrow with rising temperatures.
The winning soronty. Pi Beta Phi had an enormous 20 foot goal post sui’mounted by a sign which read, “Heads We Win.” A revolving coin on the cross bai’s revealed another slogan, “In Purdue We Trust,” on the heads side and a Badger tail on the reverse side. Honorable mention for sororities was awarded to the Chi Omega house which erected a setting hen hatching a nest full of yellow footballs. Their slogan, fitting the current trend, was “We’re Laying For You, Wisconsin.” Betas Win Mention Fraternity honorable mentions were won by Beta Theta Pi and Kappa Sigma. The Beta circus had a Coney Island side show atmosphere. Several backdrops with-
holding additional hidden mysteries within formed a backgroxmd for a pair of Hula dancers, a fat lady, a mechanical strongman holding a frightened Wisconsin midget, and a three foot high Mickey Mouse orchesti’a giving him musical encouragement. The Kappa Sigs used Indiana water to make Alaskan scenery. A pair of seals frolicked in a rocksurrounded waterfall. A 60-foot, punny sign shouted “Wat(^r Fadl Wisconsin Will Take.” Colored lights to be used for night lighting were not necessary when the structure collapsed yesterday morning. An 18-inch Sun gold trophy cup was the prize cax'ried off by the winners permanently.^diJtDfdcd
THE PURDUE EXPONENT " ""gr.'
JitcdufiM
Sunday, October 23, 1938 i
The Purdue Exponent Sports Edition Editor-In-Chief — L. McDonald Associate Night Editor - ----- R. J. Deckard Associate Editors J- A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins Sophomore Assistants J- Dolan, A. Arkin, S. Marquis Freshman Assistant - ^ - - S. Lutzky
NEWS of the WEEK
(Continued from page 1) FOREIGN Peace Once Again . . . . . . reigned over the Holy City of Jerusalem this week after 30 months of continuous strife between Arabs and Jews of this city. Without loss of a single British life, Great Britain’s soldiers elimi-" nated nests of rebellious Arabs who had held the city for four days. Next task facing the 20,000 troops in the holy country is crushing a general revolt thi’oughout Palestine. Adolf Hitler ... . . . arrived in Austria Wednesday to investigate recent anti-Catholie disorders and a new wave of violence against Jews in Vienna, observers there reported. Der Fuehrer stopped overnight at Linz to. confer with Eric Gruber, Nazi district leader who was reported to have been instrumental in bringing about a truce between the Catholic church and Nazi government in Austria. Well Informed Grcles . , . ... in Paris this week, said that Germany had tempted the French government with guarantees of Franco-German, peace if France would: Return Togo and the Cameroons, pre-war German colonies in Africa; recognize that Germany should have numerical superiority in war planes; assure Germany a free hand in central and eastern Europe; and renounce the Franco-Russian mutual assistance pact. As yet the price appeared too high for French acceptance. RE:QUOTES “I Brought; Her In . . . . . . just like a ferry boat, but I haven’t stopped shaking yet,” Commodore R. B. Irving of the Queen Mary told New York reporters after he finished the ticklish job of docking his huge sea monster without the aid of a single tug. Time' for the docking was 34 minutes . . . exactly the same as when 12 tugs are used. Cause for the hazardous attempt was the tug-boat strike in New York harbor. A new hero of the airways was also acclaimed this week when Pilot Dave Hissong of Eastern Airlines brought his flaming plane with its 14 passengers safely to earth near Montgomery, Alabama, “. . . the heroism and fine work of the pilot simply were beyond descx'iption,” said one passenger after being jerked from the gaping jaws of death. “If it hadn’t been for that pilot I wouldn’t be here now.” “I Hear They Are Saying . . . ... in the United States that because England and France failed to do their duty, the American people can wash their hands of the whole business,” quoth Anti-Hitler Winston Churchill in transatlantic radio speech that appealed to the U. S. : to “join with Britain and halt the aggressions of the dictators before it is too late.” Continuing ... he said, “This may be a passing mood of many people but there is no sense in it. If things have become worse, then all the more we must try to cope with them.” NATIONAL Developments ... ... in the Nazi spy ring case reached, a dramatic climax'^ last week when U. S. District Attorney Lamar Hardy charged that the ring sought to reach into the White House itself, and that Berlin had hatched a plot to murder Col. H. W. Eglin, commandant of Fort Totten. Plans revealed by DA Hardy included forging the President’s name to White House stationei-y in order to obtain military secrets and wholesale garnering of United States rearmament program in industrial plants.
General Motors ... . . . last week startled automotive industry with announcement that 35,000 factory workers would be reemployed within the next two weeks and salary cuts to about 30,000 white collar employees would be restored. This speeding up of General Motors personnel will supplement the general back-to-work march in the steel, textile and other businesses. It was estimated that this job expansion would raise GM’s pay rolls somewhere around $2,000,000 each weekly in the 14 states where its assembly and parts plants operate.
collegiate
“The old gray mare ain’t what she used to be,” and for that matter neither is a game called football. From humble beginnings it has come to be the biggest drawing card in amateur athletics, but according to the new volume put out by Wesleyan University on “Athletics at Wesleyan,” the men have not kept pace with the game. The giants of today would look like pygmies 'Beside their forerunners. In 1881, “there were two halves instead of four quarters in a game. If the team winning the toss chose to take the ball, that team would keep the ball for the full half regardless of the score.” In those days the signals of the game were called in names. Here’s how a complete play often sounded: “Hawky, Mind, Get, Eyes, Rub Stockings, Lively.” Numbers replaced the names but today spectators never hear a play called. •. ■ —c— People may talk of monopolies in business, but the closest one we’ve ever heard of is in the history department of Franklin and Marshall College. A father and his two sons comprise the whole professorial staff. ' ■ —C— It sounds like a paradox but a survey taken among 220 co-eds at Oregon State showed that the students with above average grades spent more time relaxing or joeing than the majority of those receiving low grades. The survey also indicated that coeds spend almost as much time at their dressing tables as they do in studying. At least studying has a slight edge on the primping.
The Spartans of Michigan State believe that there won’t be a swimming pool in the mid-west to compare witjh the one planned for their new field house. The pool will be 42 feet wide and thex-e will be three diving boards. When the Spartans want to swim, they go for it in a big way.
ARC
TODAY — TOMORROW
MlWAjfL. uiir
mvm
R K Ol radio 1 RlcWi® I
and
iSS&osr 0fl9$8 ^ n..^W.C. FIELDS A l^roiTMMifri Fictwi* ALSO SHORT SUBJECT
tomorrow
^he !
L^kurck
e6
K
CENTRAL PRESBYTERIAN 9:30—Group Discussion, led by Dr. Graves. 10:40—Mox-ning worship. Rev. Harx*y E. Campbell, of Indianapolis, vrill be the speaker. The choix*, directed by A. P. Stewait, will sing. 6:00—Sunday evening forum at Westminister House, 129 Sheetz street. Mr. Limun Kung, a sfxxdent at Pux-due, will speak. His subject will be “Life in China.” W. LAFAYETTE BAPTIST 9:30—Roger Williams Club Class. C. E. Dammon will teach. ' 10:35—Church worship. Rev. J. B. Gleason, minister*. Subject; “A Portrait of Religion.” 5:30—Roger Williams Club social hour*. A skit by the members. Lunch, 10c. 6:30—Discussion: Thomas Parke, “Germany of Today.” 7:30—Sermon, “My Gospel.” WESLEY FOUNDATION 8 :00—Freshman Commission breakfast. 9:30—Mrs. McFadden will teach the Co-ed Class at the Foundation^ Prof. Frank Hall will teach the Men’s Class at the church. 10:40—Dr. Steele will preach on, “The Larger Loyalty.” 5:00-Fellowship supper (15c). 6:30 p. m.—Wesley Players will present “A Little Leaven,” an in-tex-racial play. PURDUE CHRISTIAN FOUNDATION 9:30—Student Class. Teacher: Rev. J. N. Jessup. 10:40—-Morning worship. Sermon topic, “Sinnei's.” Rev. Doyle Mullen. 5:30—Student Vespers. 6:00-Social Hour and Supper. 6:45—Round Table Discussion. Topic: Px’actical Peace Measures. University GradiBite Inaugurates Series Of College Programs Louise Edwax'ds, University gx*aduate, inaugurates a new series of college programs known as Campus Round-Up, over WFBM in Indianapolis, beginning tomorrow morning at 11:45. The px’ogx’am consists of popular recordings interspersed with campus gossip which the former University student gleans from the various colleges. The second program of the series will be devoted to Purdue University. Hank Miller, program director of WBAA will be interviewed, and bits of campus news and gossip will be included in the University hour. Following Indiana and Purdue Universities, respectively, DePauw, and Butler will be, the object of attention. On the Simday following the Indiana-Purdue football game, a special program consisting of the comments on the rivalry and competition of the two schools will be given.
SO THAT IS THAT and what a time the old boys did have, of course none of the present day students did any celebrating—^that is, unless you call this hang-over not celebrating.
WE NOTICE BY THE Chicago Tribune—lower lefthand corner— that Purdue won the game yesterday. I don’t see how that pamphlet can aiford the space. This was written the night before but two to one On the above statement.
AFTER TALKING TO SOME OF the alumni who had sweet shop for an activity, we have come to the definite conclusion that the Union is just a bx-eeding place for a lot of future drug store cowboys.
AND JUDGING BY THE ALUMNI that we talked to the bx*eeding is definitely not on the thoroughbred side. THE HOMECOMING DECORATIONS this year were ixxuch supex*ior to yeai’s gone by but thex’e are some that were not quite understandable. For instance the Sig Pis had a drawing of a beautiful gal— import—chasing a cow into a slaughter house.
WE BELIEVE THAT THEY could have won the thing if they had put the gal in front of a Purdue ed and been coaxing him into a fish market. The only trouble is this would not signify Purdue beating the Badgers, but what they had in the first place didn’t either.
ANNABELLE TEETER BROKE A DATE last night for Phi Gam KANY. The question is just what has this KANY boy got on the ball or oh ANNABELLE.
BY THE BYE, JUST WHAT IS TEETER worried about? If she has done anything that rates this column, I think that she should at least come out with it.
THE PHI GAMS WON. Signed, KAPPA SIG.
SUNDAY - MONDAY
KENTi/CKV MOONSHINE
A 20th Century-Fox laugh • musical with TONY MARTIN Morjori. WEAVER SUM SUMMERVILLE JOHN CARRADINE WALLY VERNON
DOUBLE FEATURE NOW SHOWING
A Picture So Great It Won The Parents' Magazine Medal For The Best Movie Of The Month. ... So Memorable It Will Remain One Of Your Unforgettable Entertainment Thrills!
Story SufgmrJ X, GENE STRATTON-PORTER'5 PLUS:-- 'rrrrr rr-" - THE SMASHING NEW PRISON DRAMA OVER THE WALL By Lewis E. Laws Sing Sing's Fearless Warden
GRIN AND BEAR IT
Copr. 1938 by Fcatnfe'^yadlcate» Inc.
“I don’t know either how .lifting the hood helps—but I always see Henry do it when he’s in trouble!” Veneman to Speak Before Pi Beta Phi Mother’s Club Refrigerating Engineers To Give Tea For President
Prof. H. G. Veneman, associate professor of refrigex’ating engineering in the University, will discuss the sxxbject of “Refrigerated Lockers” at the dinner meeting of the American Society of Refrigerating Engineers to be held in Chicago next Friday evening at the Drake Hotel. Included on the program will be Sam Myerson, manager of the Lafayette Food Lockers Co., Lafayette, who will discuss the subject from “The Manager’s Point of view.
Today from three to five o’clock the Pi Phi Mothers’ Club will give a tea at the home of Mrs. R. B. Wiley, 777 Russell, for Amy B. On-, ken. National President of Pi Beta Phi. A formal dinner was held at the chapter house last Friday evening for the officers and a banquet was given in her honor by the Alumnae Club in the Union last night.
One teacher at Wilson confesses to impex-fect spelling. He spells Dame Rumor without the E.
—EXTRA— Robt. Benchley
“How to Raise a Baby”
NOW SHOWING
MARSSunday. October 23, 1938
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
Wisconsin Cross Country Team Defeats Boilermakers
^ Art Bodeau Paces, Wins Event As Hosts
Dose Scores Touchdown On Reverse To Whip Gold Clad Freshman Squad, 6-0 Galvin Leads Losers In Annual Homecoming Freshman Football Battle On Stuart Field
By Joe Dolan
A black clad freshman football team, considered the underdog in yesterday’s annual inter-frosh Homecoming battle, completely upset pregame predictions and nosed out a much stronger “on paper” gold eleven, 6-0, on upper Stuart Field before 1,000 spectators yesterday morning. It was the play of Earl Dose and
* ....choic*
John Galvin, the opposing left halfbacks, who stole the whole show. Dose was the left halfback for the blacks and Galvin handled the same duties on the gold clad team. Dose is a former Jefferson high school star of Lafayette, while Galvin is the lad from Chicago who gave the highly touted Bill DeCorrevont a race for Chicago prep honors last
fall.
Dose Scores Touchdown The blacks scored the first and only touchdown of the game in the second quarter when Dose, on a reverse, Sidestepped and twisted for 10 yards and a touchdown from the gold 10 yard line. In the forward walls of the two teams standouts were Art Santow and Bob Burke of the winners, who were especially commendable. Rossi, Rush, and Cambs stood out for the losers’ line.
WAA News
Alumnae hockey players, assisted by the Lafayette hockey club, and a group of teachers interested in the sport, won over the senior varsity team by a score of 1-0, in the game played yesterday morning at 10 o’clock at Stuart Field. Betty Arnold who graduated in 1936 made the winning goal. The game is the last to be played on the old hockey field. Following the game, an open swim was held in the new pool in the Memorial Gymnasium. WAA will hold open house this afternoon from two to four o’clock for membeis at the WAA cabin. Cider and doughnuts will be served as refreshments. Jane Fishleigh, who will be in charge of a hike to the cabin, asks that anyone wishing to participate meet in front of the south Residence Hall at 1:30 o’clock today.
Statistics
p.
177
11 10
2
40 11
Yds gained rushing, net
First downs
Passes attempted Passes completed
Yards gained passing
Yards lost passing
Oppos. passes intercepted 0 Yds gain runback passes 0 Ave. punts (scrimmage) 43 Yards all kicks returned 119 Fumbles 4 0pp. fumbles recovered 1 Yards lost penalties 35
W. 132 8 7 3 41 11 0 0 37 159 2 1 12
PURDUE—Rankin, Mackiewicz, ends; Rossi, Timpeiman, Potter, tackles; Maloney, Bykowski, guard; Moimngstar, center; Montague, at quarterback; Byelene, halfback; DeWitte, fullback. WISCONSIN—Gile, Wegner, and Lorenz, ends; Eckle, John, Dean, Gai’roft, tackles; Davies, Holloway, guards; Murray, center; Gage, Bellile, quarterbacks; Gradisnik, Tennant, Cibik, halfbacks; Schuelke, Paskvan, fullbacks. STARTING LINEUPS
Purdue
Wisconsin
Britt
LE
Gile
Mihal (CC)
LT
Eckl
L. Johnson
LG
Hovland
Humphrey (CC) C
Murray
Verplank
RG
O’Brien
Diehl
RT
Brodhagen
Mackiewicz
RE
Lorenz
Hennis
QB
Gavre
Brown
LH
Gradisnik
Brock
RH
’ Beilin
Ippolito
RB
Weiss
SPORTS MEETING Special meeting of all junior, sophomore, and freshmen workers on the Exponent Sports Staff, at 7:30 Tuesday evening, in room E of the Union Building. All other freshmen interested in working on the Exponent Sports Staff are requested to attend. -- McDonald.
The Purdue Newman Club Presents The Annual Barnyard Frolic in the - Union Ballroom Music by Ivan Maury and His Comhuskers
By Bruce Witwer Another Homecoming year gone and still no records broken . . . the Badgers were out to beatiPurdue for the first time since 1925 on the Boilermaker home ground but couldn’t keep up the pace they set in the first half against a Purdue team which came out for the third quarter with new spirit and fire. -—fc— Yesterday it was the same old story throughout the game and especially when the Purdue attack began to click for a change . . . the three “B’s” grabbing most of the flashy running gloiy . . . Brock, Brown, and Byelene . . . “Wallace Beery” Byelene put on a show this > time with a sparkling 71 yard sprint for a touchdown, shifting his way through the Wisconsin team as if they were so many immobile tiees in the way. —fc— However, another back came in to share honors with the “B” trio . . . just two letters farther on in the alphabet . . . DeWitte is his name. ... he started out in the first half by stopping the Wisconsin advance by his vicious tackling and then went on to prove his adeptness by tearing off long gains to help out the Boilermaker cause. —fc— He has a sense of humor, too . . . after making an 11 yard run up to the Purdue 35, a Wisconsin man pulled the usual trick of trying to steal the ball from him . . . Leon slapped his hand smartly as if to say, “Naughty, naughty . . . papa spank.” —^fc— And so we won 13-7 . . . two casualties marked the game, however . . . Co-captain Mihal wasn’t able to get out of the way of someone’s foot in time and as a result suffered a painful kick in the face . . . both of his eyes were closed, his jaw bunged up, and some stitches were taken in his split lip . . . it’s not a permanent injury though so he”ll probably be back in the lineup soon . . . Verplank was the other victim, a sprained ankle being his share of the fracas. —^fc— While we’re discussing “B’s” we might as well flash the spotlight of laurels on Art Bodeau, cross-coun-try star who carried off first place yesterday morning for Purdue in the meet with Wisconsin . , . the Badgers didn’t have to taste defeat all of the way around as they beat out the Riveters in the final score . . . another record which isn’t broken . . . Wisconsin’s cross country win record of 25 straight has stood up, and is 26 now.
Wildcats Down -
(Continued from page 1)
It wasn’t until after the visitors had shoved across two touchdowns that the McMillin eleven was able to score its six points in the final quarter of one of the most thrilling gridiron exhibitions ever witnessed in Memorial Stadium. Northwestern vs. Dlinois Northwestern’s powerful, fast driving eleven rang up its third victory of the season yesterday, trouncing Illinois, 13-0, in a game played before a crowd of 37,000 at Champaign, 111. Jack Ryan, Wildcat halfback, clinfaxed an early Northwestern drive In the first quarter when he plunged off tackle for three yards and the first touchdown. Ollie Hahnenstein cairied the ball across fiom the two yaid line for the second touchdown after putting the Purple m a position for the score by virtue of a 28 vard run shortly before, starting Irom the Illini 34 yard line. Michigan vs. Yale Behind 13 to 2 at the* *\ialftime, a courageous Michigan team came back with a fourth quarter rush to down the Elis of Yale, 15-13, at New Haven yesterday. After Yale was penalized on Michigan’s 28 yard line to give the Wolverines a first down, Fritz Crisler’s team started their winning touchdown, and their third victory of the year under the new coach. Chicago vs. Ohio State A touchdown pass from Sherman to Wasem gave the Chicago Maroons some consolation as they suffered a 42-7 humiliation at the hands of the Ohio State Buckeyes at Columbus, Ohio, before 62,000 spectators yesterday. Five touchdowns in the first half, three of which were made by Jimmy Langhurst, and one each by Wellbaum and Scott, supplemented by a sixth score in the fourth quarter on a pass from Langhurst to Strausbaugh, constituted the Buckeye scoring for the day in their second Big Ten victory.
BIG TEN STANDINGS
0pp.
W
L
T
Pts
Pts.
Minnesota
2
0
0
14
6
Ohio State
2
0
1
48
7
Northwestern
1
0
1
13
0
PURDUE .
1
1
0
13
14
Wisconsin
1
1
0
38
26
Michigan
1
1
0
51
14
Illinois
1
1
0
12
15
Iowa . .
1
1
0
40
45
Indiana
0
3
0
2
18
Chicago
0
3
0
28
114
That couldn'
't apply
to
the
stu-
dents of Cairo University, Egypt. They spend ten days registering for
each semester.
HAYS JEWELRY CO. East Side of Square SHEAFFER. PARKER PENS AND PENCILS
(Dmc. ... Here's a real gift for son or daugliter. Two decks of fraternity or sorority crested cards. Two decks for 95c. A new supply of I.E.S. Lamps. Save your eyes and be wise. Buy a lamp at Dear's. Everything for a College Education at Dear's. H. G. "Deac" REISNER BOOK STORE
Lose, 24-31 Knapp Takes Fourth Place Despite the fact that the Wisconsin cross-country team did not send a winner across the finish line yesterday on Stuart Field, the Badgers managed to win second, third, fifth, sixth, and eighth places to underscore the Boilermaker distance men, 24-31. Art Bodeau won the race approximately 100 yards ahead of Mehl, of Wisconsin, second place winner. —.■■■■ Knapp was the second Rive-
ter to appear at the tape, taking fourth place. Following Knapp for the Gold and Blacks were Reeves, seventh; Marozich, ninth, and White, tenth. Mehl, the Wisconsin runner placing second in the race, is the national intercollegiate
two mile champion.
The Badgers won its 26th consecutive victory by defeating the Boilei maker distance men. The visitors although minus the services of the gieat Chuck Fen=:ke, former Wisconsin tiack star, were made up of the squad representing the Red and
White team last yeai.
Game
Summary
First Quarter
Humphrey’s kick-off rolls over the goal line. Weiss and Beilin pick up 15 yards in the fiist two plays. Thiee more fail to make first down and Beilin punts to Brock who returns to the Purdue 24. Purdue fails to gain giound and Brock kicks to Wisconsin The Badgers letuin the kick, but Biock fumbles and Ga\]e lecoveis foi the Badgbrs Weiss carries the ball to the Purdue two yard line on plunges. On the next play Weiss sweeps around left end and ciO'-ses the goal line for a touchdown. Hovland conveits and the score stands, Wisconsin 7, Purdue 0. The quarter ends with an exchange of punts. Second Quarter Beilin and Weiss push over two first downs to put the ball on the Boilermaker 13, but lose.possession on downs. Timperman blocks Beilin’s kick a few plays later and it is Purdue’s ball on their own 43. The Boilermakers lost 14 yards and Brock kicks. Weiss, York, and Beilin make first down. Y^rk and Beilin gain 14 in two plays and Beilin picks up nine. Schuelke carries the ball to the Purdue 12 yard line. Purdue staves off Wisconsin’s passing attack in the final seconds of the
half.
Third Quarter Beilin returns Morningstar’s good kick to l)is own 31. York breaks through on the second play, but is brought down from behind by Johnson after taking the ball to the Purdue 45. Purdue gains 21 yards on exchange of punts. Byelene passes to Britt for 12 yard gain. DeWitte gains six in two plays. Byelene then tosses to Brown on the Wisconsin 31 yard line. Byelene carries the ball off tackle to the 21, and adds two more over left guard. Byelene then passes to Krause who goes over for the first Boilermaker touchdown. Brock replaces Byelene and converts the extra point. Score, Wisconsin, 7; Purdue, 7. Brock kicks off and Wisconsin brings the ball back to their own 45 as the quarter
ends.
Fourth Quarter Beilin kicks out on the Purdue 26. Purdue fails to make first down and Brock kicks. Gavre fumbles and Rossi recovers for Purdue on his own 42. Pm-due fails to make a first down and kicks. Beilin, Weiss, and York make first down. Beilin kicks after three plays and Byelene returns to his 28. DeWitte loses a yard. Byelene cuts through left guard and runs 77 yards for touchdown. Hennis kick hits the goal post, and the score stands Wisconsin, 7; Purdue, 13. Gavre returns the kickoff to his own 32. Wisconsin fails to make first down and Moeller punts over the goal line. Brown ^nd DeWitte pick up 18 in three plays. Byelene and Bi’own go to the Wisconsin 48 and a first down. Byelene and DeWitte pick up five more as the game ends. Purdue, 13; Wisconsin, 7.
The meeting was held on the old cross country course, the new course laid out by Coach Hermon Phillips having proved just a bit too tough for the hosts in earlier contests. Arthur Radkey... . . . E. E. ’37, formerly on the staff of WBAA, but who has been with WLW since graduation, is now assistant director of the Nation’s School of Air over the Cincinnati station. The general program is in charge of Joseph Ries, who has spoken on Purdue program several times.
Boilermakers Batter(Continued from page 1) Ross-Ade Stadium yet this year. First Half Completely outclassed by the indefatigably persistent Badgers during the first half, even the statistics failed to belie the high-school brand ball which the Boilermakers exhibited. Purdue managed to get only one first down during the entire first two quarters, and succeeded in gaining only four yards from rushing. Wisconsin exhibited a flashy offensive drive, and backs Beilin, and York, along with Weiss consistently found huge holes in the Boilermaker forward wall through which they plunged to amass a total of 132 yards for the first half. Outstanding Linemen The Boilermakers came back an altogether different team the final period, and playing the brand of ball which held Minnesota 7-0 and tied Fordham 6-6, they took possession of the play and the Badgers were forced back into their hole. For the first time this year, the Purdue backs failed to live up to their speedy reputation and if it had not been for outstanding defensive work of such stalwarts as Morningstar, Timperman, Mihal, Britt, Rossi, and Johnson in the forward wall, the score might have well been reversed. / SUBSCRIBE TO THE PURDUE • EXPONENT TODAY
Dartmouth 13, Harvard 7. Navy 13, Princeton 13. (Tie). Pittsburgh 34, S. M. U. 7, Michigan State 19, Syracuse 12. Holy Cross 29, Georgia 6. Texas Christian 21, Marquette 0. Georgia Tech 7, Auburn 6. North Carolina 34, Davidson 0.
Drake 18, Miami 6. Cornell 21, Penn State 6. Army 40, Boston U. 0. - Pennsylvania 14, Columbia 13. Lafayette 7, N. Y. U. 6. Virginia 27, Maryland 19. Catholic U. 21 West Va. Wesleyan 0. Ohio U. 62, Wayne 7.
I i VI3kcaL (Mil
THE FUBDTIE EXPONENT
Sunday, October 23, 1936
Military Ball Tickets Go On Sale Tuesday Military Ball tickets will go on sale in the Armory next Tuesday, and sales will continue through Friday, announced the ball committee last night. Tickets for the affair are priced at $2.75, and will be on sale from 12:30 until 5:30 p. m. It will be necessary this year for those buying tickets to present their passports at the time of purchase. The passport will be punched, and the ticket must be signed in the presence of the ticket salesman. A limit of one ticket to each person will be strictly enfox-ced, the committee said. Schedule for ticket sales is as follows: Tuesday and Wednesday sales will be open to cadet officers and reserve officers only. The basic students will be able to purchase ducats on Thursday, and the sales will be open to the general student body on Fiiday. Sales will be limited to approximately 600 tickets. Wesley Players To Appear At lU Student Conference Saturday evening, October 29, the members of the University chaptei of Wesley Playei-s will pi’esent their Armistice Sunday peace play, “Brothers,” before the annual Indiana Christian Student Conference meeting at Bloomington. Other paits of the program under the supervision of the Purdue Wesley Players are the singing, led by Matthew Brinduse, and a panel discussion Friday night led by John Foutsi Kirby Page is to be the principle speaker at the conference, giving a series of four lectures. All Purdue students are invited to attend and are asked to first notify William Briscoe. The play is scheduled for local production on November 6. At home the players will present a two-act drama, “A Little Leaven,” at the West Lafayette Methodist Episcopal Church at 6:30 p. m. on Sunday. Leading parts will be taken by Miss Wilma Baugh and Edwardo Biascoechea in this interracial play. Supporting cast includes Ann Pierce, Cecil Warner, Sue Britt, Ralph Gaier, Robert Riggs, and Irene Sutherlm.
Helen Jepson -
(Continued from page 1)
A single admission ticket will be issued in its place. The program for the convocation is as follows: I. Invocation from “Radamisto” by Handel. Polly Willis, by Arne. Alleluia, by Mozart. II. Aria: Ballatella, from “Pagliacci” by Leoncavallo. III. Frulingstraum— Die Post— Wiegenlied— Ungeduld, by Schubert. IV. Spinning Maidens of Carantec, by Baton. Novelette by Poulenc. Etude in B flat minor, by Dohnanyi. Mr. Wallenborn. V. Aria: Ah, fors e lui, from “La Traviata” by Verdi. INTERMISSION VI. Fantoches, by DeBussy. Je tremble en voyant ton visage, by DeBussy. Madeline, by Dupont. LTntruse, by Fevrier. Aria: Mirror Song, from “Thais.” VII. Thy Sweet Singing, by Olmstead. To A Young Gentleman, by Carpenter. The Poet’s’ Prayer, by Seymour. At the Well, by Hageman.
Activities Bureau Names Committees At a meeting of the sophomore staff of the Purdue Activities Bureau Thursday night the following committees in charge of junior officers of the Bureau, were named. Committee under G. W. Breuer; iieddoe, Campbell, Faut, Gabiei, Hamilton, Johnson, Martin, Musser, Richardson, Smith, Wise, Bauman, and Plummer. Committee under Thela Jorgenson; Applegate, Brody, Darr, Fell, Pabst, Risley, Spoerer, Wright. Committee under Don Smith; Barlow, Brookman, Davis, Feld, Gipe, Hildebrand, Meurer, Rae, Sandoval, Stewart, Ralston, Shake, Michalski. Committee under Georgiana Baker; Bass, Burkhart, Edwards, Lemon, Fisher, Hoover, Moore, Rehm, Shaw, Wilson. Committee under Carl Lutz; Alderman, Burnham, Ells, Funsett, McEwen, Goff, Houser, Morgan, Siljander, Rhodehamel, Suneson, Limpus. Wisconsin University Officials Visit Purdue President C. A. Dykstra, of the University .of Wisconsin, spectator at the Purdue-Wisconsin game and other festivities at homecoming, and Business Manager A. W. Peterson, of the University of Wisconsin, with Mrs. Peterson, were house guests over the week-end o^ Conti ollei and Mrs. R. B. Stewart. Peterson was here to study the business methods followed in the University with the idea of adopting a similar system for the Wisconsin institution. The Purdue system has been widely adopted by other educational institutions, the most recent one being the University of Oklahoma which made a study of the methods employed here prior to reorganizing their own system. Mortar Board Memliers Will Entertain Alumni Mortar Board, senior co-ed activity and scholastic honorary, will aBuuinin ii:)is.iaAiufi uiB:}aa:;ua a tea this afternoon in the reception rooms of the north residence Hall from 4:30 to 5:30 o’clock. The annual get-together wiU give alumnae Mortar Board members an opportunity" to meet active members and alumnae. Helen Schleman, Elizabeth Mitchell, and Laura Parch the three members of the organization’s advisory board, will be present according to an announcement by Martha Wood, board president.
At C.C.N.Y. a contest was held to locate the college’s “most virile ape man.” Note to Boilermaker Brawlers.
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY 51 1 Ferry Street Phone 7828 All kinds of printing from a calling card to a High School Annual
Engineer Features New Cover Design “New cover design—new Purdue Engineer” is the policy of the Engineer editorial staff this year as they announce a magazine filled to the brim with new features plus an attractive change in cover design. The cover will consist of a modern mural depicting in black and white the progressive phases of engineering, with the right side for cuts in color. Among the newer attractions will be an enlarged University Calendar Section and summaries of the more important technical lectures given on the campus. The first issue includes many articles relating directly to Purdue. Some of these are: a memorial article on the work of Prof. J. D. Hoffman; two articles on Fluid and Soil Mechanics by Prof. Binder and Prof. Rutledge, discussing courses to be offered in the University; an article by John Ewbank, LLB ’37 Met. Eng. ’39, entitled “Why Smash, the Atom?” dealing with the “atombusting” work done with the Physic department’s cyclotron; and an illuminating article on Damascus steel, the highest metallurgical development of the Middle Ages. Stressing the desire of the staff for student contributions of engineering articles. Engineer editor Jack Taylor said, “We are going to make the Engineer more than just a general engineering magazine; we are going to make it a magazine of engineeiing as it is done at Purdue. We welcome contributions of students.”
Cancellations: Students who wish to cancel assisnments without grade should do so before Saturday noon, October 29. Cancellation cards may be obtained frotn heads of departments. These cards must be signed by the head of the school and, if possible, by the head of the department in which the subject was given. The cards should then be filed in the Begistrar’s Office. Assignments may be cancelled without grade after October 29, if properbr approved by the department concerned and by the Dean of Men. —FISHER.
AIChE: Meeting in room 820 of the Chemistry Building Tuesday, October 26, at 4:00 p. m. F. M. Truesdale of the Hammermill Paper Co., will speak on Sulphite Paper. —JACOBI.
Debate Managers: The following men will continue as sophomore debate managers:^ Taylor, Wheeler, Hart, Howard, Thorton, Caldwell, Shaw, Deal, and Keister. —CAN.
Sophomores: Last call-out for sophomores to work on the editorial staff of the Debris will be Monday, October 24. —WINTER.
Distinguished Howitzer Squads: Applications for entry in this competition must be handed in in Writing to Major Faulconer or to Captain Morse by noon Thursday, November 3. Each application will list a Junior as Executive and 11 Sophomores—1 as chief of section, 1 as gunner, 7 as cannonneers, and 2 as drivers. Entries will be placed in order in which they are submitted. —FAULCONER.
• Activities: Will representatives of all activities not listed on last year’s Activities Chart please notify me by telephone 2437. (10-22) —LUTZ.
WBAA
—Today— ll.’OO—Prof. Robert Phillips—American Institutions. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Agricultural Forum. 12:15—Sports Review, by Dick Shively. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Rosemary Robinson. 1:00—Town Crier. 1:15—The Monitor Views the News. 1:30—Geography in the News. 1:45—Market Reports. 2:00—The World We Live In. 2:15—Melody Moments, 2:30—Foods-Facts-Fancies. 2:45—Mrs. Maurine Martin, violinist. 3:00—Symphony Hall. 4:00—Contract Bridge Chats, Julius Born. 4:15—Campus Personalities. 4:30—Danny Ghant, pianist. 4:45—Story Book Hour.
RUGER'S BREAD is OUT IN FRONT! In flavor, in goodness, in marvelous oven-freshness RUGER'S BREAD leads the field. That's because RUGER'S BREAD is rushed right from the oven to your grocer every day. That's why RUGER'S BREAD is THE FRESHEST THING IN TOWN. Get a loaf tomor-
You Are Invited to Inspect Our Complete Showing of Artist Copies of American Artist Group Etchings, Engravings, Lithographs, Woodcuts at THE FOSTER SHOP East Side Square This display has been held in former years at Purdue University
More married men on the football team is the desire of Linfield’s football coach. He believes married men are more stable and make better players. —C— A University of Georgia factfinder has estimated that students spend 21,000 hours a year standing in lines during registration.
Your Clothes Have CLASS when American-Cleaned— and it’s economy for you. American Laundry
Fine Cleaning and Shoe Repairs
West Side -132 Vine Street
noon, October 22. Apply Purdue Union Cafeteria.
FOR SALE
'nrPBWBITBRS-AU makM. atudani and poctablo, aold. purehaaed, ranted and repaired. New Portable maentnea aa low ae $29.76. Sappliea. C. F. EbeMhoff, >$6 Main etreet. FOR sale;—Majestic radios $10. Bookcase $2.00 Phone Art Greg 31152 after 6 o’clock.
ROOMS FOR RENT
ROOM FOR RENT—Continuous hot water. Share with graduate student. 708 Vine.
MISCELLANEOUS
1 WANT TO BUY 66494. Size 36-38.
A TUXEDO. Call
WANTED—^Boys to work Saturday after-
WANTED—Drummer for dance band. Cdll Don Pyke. Phone 3916. ATTENTION BANDSMEN: Let McLean’s factory trained repair man put your musical instrument in first class condition and save time apd money. 514 Main St. Phone 7917. LOST—BlacK Parker automatic pencil. Engraved “Roger Rosen. Reward. Call 81792. Flying Club Eleds Five Hew Class 'A' Members Five new members were voted into Purdue Flying Club at a meeting held Thursday night in the Un- ' ion Building. New class “A” members, who will have shares in the club’s airplane, are F. W. Taylor, R. White, P. Habicht, and E. R. Hamer. B, Mundheuk was voted in as a class “B” member.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Beokst’ores
• Florists
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REiSNER
for distinctive corsages ROTH FLORIST Phone 7955—8050 635 main street
• Professional
Dorner's Flower Shop Qualify Flowers Main at 7th F*hono 6050
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—D.DS. HAROLD J. RISK—D.D.S. ROBERT G. RISK—D.DS. LUTHER A. RISK—D.D.S Schultz Building 4th and Main Phone 5701 DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1 19 Vi Vine West Lafayette , Phone 4965
• Jewelers
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well. Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
• Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in^the VARSITY^OOT SHOP
R. J. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
• Locksmith
R. C. EISENBACH Jewelfer and Optometrist 504 Main St.
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Open Evenings Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
e Tailor
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locKS, desk iocks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
soarrendahl—tailor For Latest Student Styles 4th and Ferry Phone 6Q30
LO EB & H E NE COMPANY Main Floor