, ' ,1 ‘H "' ' 'l^ I .'■^
^ *■ y ^ 'V -
Mkh., 57; W. Micfi.,6 O.S.U., 13; Seahawks,28 N. Dame, 41; Pitt, 0
Established 1889
Xft04ieMi w Where Arc FreshmaTi Pota?
C. Grant', 10; Wis., 7 G. Lakes, 21; Iowa, 7 Minn., 26; Missouri, 13
Volume 56, No. 59
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, September 26, 1943
Boilermaker Eleven Defeats Marquette 21 To 0
Student Pep Session Will Greet Team
Team Given Big Send-Off From Station Plans are under way for a rousing reception for the team as it returns efrom Marquette this afternoon at 3:30. The train carrying the 36 team members and coaches will arrive at 3:36 this afternoon at the Big Four station. After the large send-off given Friday night by approximately 260 students ied by the varsity cheer leaders, Doc Miller and other notables, it is expected by reliable authorities that the number greeting the returning Boilermaker-s wiil quite exceed the 126 that were left at the station when the train puiled ^out. Accoi'ding to present plans, students will meet at the station for tbp welcoming and the proceedings wiil then continue as tjie cheer leaders see fit. Attendance of the Boilermaker special was promised by the Reamers and arrangements are being conducted to provide the music which was so lacking Friday night. The Pep session which wag’scheduied to begin Friday at 6:30 got off to a poor start due to the rain but at 6:46 a fairly good group had collected, and led by the Boilermaker Special, it slowiy proceeded across the levee to the station. Great tribute must be given to the cheer ieaders who kept the sodden crowd in good spirits until the arrival of the train at'6:60, 46 minutes late. Songs, team members, and cheers kept the enthusiastic students happy until the final sendoff about 7. Be there today. Mudball hi there clarence say fellow when they have meetings around here and invite the service men to come why do they always have them at four o’clock when nearly all the service men have classes and can’t come huh, —MUDBALL, Jr.
Hass Presents 'Khaki On Kampus' Lafayette Color Film, Slides New Process Provides Army Side Will Exhibit Illustrate Uses Of
Sanders Replaces Prof. W.L Gray Of
Mechanical School To Sigma Xi Of University Life Nazi Trophies Frequency Heating
\\^illiam E. Gray director of the draft gear research program at the University for 17 years has tendered his resignation effective Sept. 30 to become vice-president in charge of engineering for the Peerless Equipment Company in Chicago according to Dean A. A. Potter head of the engineering schools. Prof. T. K. Sanders who is on the faculty of the mechanical engineer-' ing school, and who formerly was connected with the airbrake experiments and air connecter tests, will succeed Gray. After graduating from the University mechanical engineering school in 1923, Gray spent a year in business and then returned to the University as an instructor and to start research woi’k. He was put in charge of the Association of American Railroads draft gear laboratory, to test draft gears which are huge metal springs that serve as the shock absorbers on i-ailway cars. Gray is believed to be one of the most informed men in the counti'y on draft gears and his woi'k has attracted world-wide attention in the railroad field. Professor Sanders graduated from the University in 1920 and is known for his airbrake experiments. Sanders d'd experimental work for the Warner Gear Company following his graduation until 1936 when he returned to the University to take charge of the automatic car hose connector tests. Kappa Sigma . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of the following: George Thweatt, Little Rock, Arkansas; Page Bowles, Cartersville, Vii'ginia; William Gordon, Maywood, Illinois; William Hamaker, Indianapolis, Indiana; David Thompson, Wyoming, Ohio; Martin Brown, Little Rock, Arkansas; John Bailey, Ithaca, New York; Norris Robinson, Evansville; Burton Wright, Jr., Belvidere, Illinois; Warren Holmes, West Lafayette; and Theodore Holtom, Jr., Lafayette.
Freshmen To Seek Out Mustached Seniors By Treva Davis Every year it happens, just before the first home football game. The seniors always grow them and the freshmen never like them; no, not victory gardens—mustaches. And so bloodthirsty seniors who, acting according to their worst judgment, have cultivated the manly growth on the upper lip. The usually proud seniors can be caught ducking around corners and going down alleys. They loiter in the doorways of 2. Any such shaving which does buildings, afraid to go out into place will occur within the foi- , ^ 1 a j? J.U lowing time limits only: from 12 no-mans land. Some of them have been known to go into ceding the first home football game complete hibernation in one until 12 o’clock noon of the day of building until a mustache is no the game, but in no case earlier than longer an invitation to mass may- 8 a. m. nor later than 6 p. m. hem. For three days, seniors cringe Non-Conformance At Own Risk at the sight of freshmen. Non-conformance to this timely Mustache-shaving is one tradition legulation by residents of private which has survived the war. In fact, property when within the limits of at one time it threatened to become such property, or by residents of a war in itself. Casualties weie fre- fiaternity or cooperative houses queiit, and a long gash often took when within such houses will be the place of a removed mustache, done solely at the risks of such per“Doc” Miller recalls one senior in sons. whom he placed seven stitches. In 3. Any removing of mustaches order to reduce the damage to per- or portions thereof that is done by sons and property, the Student Sen- any person or persons other than ate has established the following the wearer thereof will be done with rules which are to govern the re- safety razors only, moval of this year’s crop: Violators Tried Rules, Regulations Set 4. Violators of these rules will be 1. There will be no mustache tried before a special' committee of shaving or its preliminaries at any the Student Senate, such committime within any University build- tee to take action in all cases of ing, including the Residence Halls, guilt.
/
Di\ H. B. Hass, head of the chemistry department, spoke Thursday evening at 7:30 in the Physics Building to members of Sigma Xi national scientific research honorary. His talk was entitled “Recent Developments in the Nitro-paraf-fins” and was a review of the work done on this subject [since 1930 by the University chemists. Dr. Hass reported on the part played by University chemists in inventing a new process in nitro-par-affin products which is now being used in a plant in Peoria, Illinois. The speech, which Dr. Hass has presented before many other groups of the American Chemical Society was given verbally for the last time on Thursday. It is soon to be published in the official magazine of the Society. University To Issue Verbal Yellow Slips, Goldsmith Announces Yellow slips, officially known as student delinquency^slips, will be issued tomorrow according to F. I. Goldsmith, Dean of Men, but no student will actually receive the yellow form which the University has issued during the past. Students who meiit yellow slips in the eyes of their instructors will be so notified in class, while the instructors report will go to the Dean of Men as has been the past custom. Due to lack of office help and necessary materials duplicates of the delinquency slips will not be sent to students receiving them or to their parents, said the Dean. Yellow slips are issued as a warning by the University to students with failing grades at mid-semester and do not constitute in anyWay a grade in the course. Dean Goldsmith receives the rcpoi'ts of the various instructors and on that basis determines what help the student needs in his course. Girls Learn Football By Painful Mishaps Inspired with the true Boilermaker spirit, the girls ofithe third floor WRH North decided time had come for them to try their hand (or is it foot) with the pigskin. They had heard of the Big Ten, knew all about halfback and fullback and had loyally ploughed through the sports pages, so that they could cany on an intelligent conversation ^ with their football hero. And now the time had come for them to get in there and learn how it was leally done. They started bravely, punting back and forth, from one to the another. On the first attempt for a field goal the star was injured. It was the bench for the rest of the season, the girls decided, as they gathered around to offer their advice and sympathy. The star had been forced to change positions from halfback to “sprained back”. Kappa Sigma . . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of the following: Gene Rogers, Earle, Arkansas; John Koefi, Evansville; Charles Jackson, Chicago, Illinois; William Jump, Lafayette; Robert Johns, New York City; Wilbur Dykhuizen, Lafayette; Robert Durfey, Oak Park, Illinois; Edward Buckner, Bluffton; William Grant, William LaMaster, and Clarence Slider, Louisville, Kentucky; and Richard Bushnell, West Lafayette.
Show Follows Camp Pattern / By Pfc. Leo Friedman Although it dragged in spots, some unusually enjoyable talent and ■script writing helped make last night’s “Khaki on the Kampus” an enjoyable show for the lai’ge crowd of townspeople and students who attended the Music Hall perform-
ance.
The soldiers followed the traditional pattern of camp shows—■ sophistication, music and corn, but their mixture must have been peculiarly adroit or peculiarly lucky; in either case, they had the audience laughing happily away all through. Serious In Finale Eschewing any vestige of seriousness until the finale, when they made clear the fact that they knew very well they were soldiers here on serious business and preparing soberly for the most important jobs of their lives, the cast proceeded with a cockeyed and hilarious survey of their army careers to date, with especial stress on their days at the Univei’sity. The theme, as if anyonei cared, was a reunion of a group of legionaires—all, by co-incidence, ex-Boil-ermaker-ASTs, gathered at a convention in the first year after peace—rather conservatively, and with tongue in cheek, set as 1951. The boys took to reminiscing, and that was that. Classroom Scenes Wildest The v/ildest scenes they reminisced up were, curiously enough, two classroom scenes—university and military. Working from Pfc. Max Levinson’s script. Professor and Private Ray Artigues ran through a more or less typical day in Physics—the day when the class, having finished two whole weeks of work, progressed from elementary to advanced work. The professor’s debonair explanation of the Einstein theory — with formulas — in four easy minutes, his casual assignment for the next day—the next 700 pages and the first 42 problems in the next chapter, had to compete with the antics of Bernard Desberg and other students ranging all the way from cutting paper dolls to shooting the prof. Military Class Standing up for the military, however, was Bill Gibson, playing the rigidest lieutenant in the Army, in a fabulous bit of rigmarole called “Mis-Management” and understood to be remotely based on the Army classes in Mess Management. Levinson had done the script for this, too— an eerie collection of I’eflections on Army food and the most expanded chests this side of the first day at DCS. Also very well received were the twin doim skits—University and an Army barracks, the former by Lev--
inson.
Tribute Paid To Others Random flashes paid tribute to otheis Iiereabouts. The T-shirt days of the Navy and Marines on the campus were lovingly recalled, and even the Exponent was not forgotten, as a dainty 200 pounder, also known as Jim Sublett, introduced herself, gold pepper and all, as a little reporter. More laughs came from the chorus, half beef trust and half sheer glamour, lined up by Gerson Friedlander. The music was effectively handled by the Army orchestra, making its debut, and by a corps of soloists. Watt Only Non-Trainee Capt. W. H. Watt, of the Chilean Army, the only member of the cast not connected with the trainee battalion, offered a very well received group of piano solos. (See KHAKI, page 4)
Captured German equipment comprising a 50-ton exhibition which is being taken throughout the state will be shown to the public of Lafayette on Wednesday from 7 to 9 p. m. in the square of the Court House, it was announced by H. J. Jenkins, county chairman of the Indiana war finance committee. The special showing of this equipment and enemy trophies is being used to arouse interest in the third war loan campaign, and to boost Indiana, who is now lagging behind the nation as a whole, in meeting her $257,000,000 quota. Nazi Tank To Be Exhibited Material being exhibited includes a Geripan tank seized by American troops in the desert campaign of North Africa, a German personnel carrier, a machine gun and a submarine escape mask. The escape mask is a buoyant device used by the Germans on a sunk or disabled sub to emerge to the sui’face. The exhibit will be escorted by Indiana State Police and a detachment of Air Force military police from Fort Benjamin Harrison^ under the command of Major Sneed. Frank Marcus, lecturer, will give details about the various captured pieces. The show was arranged for by Howard Tooley, director of special events for the Indiana war finance committee. Lipgier Addresses Engineering Classes On Gaging Methods Using slides to illustrate his talk on precision instruments and gaging methods, Lou Lingler, representative of the Sheffield Corporation of Dayton, Ohio, lectured to four engineering classes and special students Wednesday and Thursday. All the lectures were open to
the public.
Lingler compared the advantages in time and actual money saved by fising jii’ecision instruments for measuring instead of employing other ways and means of doing the job. He jointed out how simple some of the precision tools really ai-e as regards the principal by which they operate. A brief history of the development of standards in industry prefaced his lecture. Following his address, he answered questions and explained certain points more fully for the benefit of those who wished to remain.
Highlighting the September meeting of AIEE Wednesday night was an illustrated lecture by C. N. Hoyler on “Radio Frequency Heating”. The meeting, which was held in the main lecture room of the EE Building, was attended by approximately 200 persons. Besides AIEE members, RCA cadettes, members of the faculty, now students and special students on the campus were represented. Bob Williams was student chairman in charge of the
meeting.
Hoyler, who was inti'oduced by Prpf. J. H. Karr of the engineering school, IS from the RCA laboratory at Princeton, N. J., where he has specialized in radio frequency heating. His talk was illustrated with lantern slides and a motion picture in color and dealt mainly with the industrial applications Which have been made of this type of heating. Similar To That of Bunsen Burner It was pointed out by ifoyler that there is essentially no difference in the type of heat obtained by radio frequency heating and the heat which ^is produced by a bunsen burner or some similar method. But, he said, high frequency heating speeds up by many hours such jobs as drying varnishes, paints and textiles, exhausting tubds, etc., and this is the factor which makes it practical even though expensive. Preceding Hoyler’s address, Williams explained the requh’ements for joining AIEE and mentioned advantages to be derived from such a membership. Following the talk refreshments were served. luzzader Writes Book On Engineering Drawing Prof. Warren J. Luzzader of the Department of General Engineering has written a book entitled “Fundamentals of Engineering DraNl^ing”, which contains 27 chapters covering all phases of drawing. The publisher, Prentice-Hall Publishing Company of New York, has also printed “Engineering Drawing Problems,” a large selection of problems encountered in the drawing field, by Luzzader, Prof. J. N. Arnold, Myrl H. Bols, and Franklin H. Thompson, all of the General Engineering Departmen tof the University.
Notice
Meeting of all sports workers in the Sports Office Tuesday, September 28 at 4:30. Everjonc please be present. —SMITH.
Butkevich Makes First Touchdown
Milwaukee, Wis.—(Special) —Sept. 25—With Tony Butkevich carrying the brunt of the attack the powerful Boilermaker eleven sma.shed its way to a 21-0 victory over the Marquette team before a capacity crowd in the Hilltop Stadium tonight. Butkovich went over for the initial touchdown in the opening period, while Bauman added the sec-
Dean Poller Announces War Coniracis For Experimenls Tolal 400,009 Dollars Contracts placed with the University Engineering Experiment Station by the armed forces and war industry now total $400,000, according to A. A. Potter, Dean of the Schools of Engineering and director of the Engineering Experiment Station Wednesday. “Research-now being conducted by the station is of particular interest to Air Corps, ord — nance. War Production Board, ihe agvicultiu-dl experiment station, NaA’y, Civil Aeronautics Asso- Physics department, chemistry deciauon and a number of war and division of education . 1 ■ 1 TTri applied psychology are also conindustry officials. When the war is over, he said, many also highly confidential in natme. of the gadgets developed through The engineeiing experiment staresearch and many of the new tion was originated in 1917 to cothings will mfike an interesting ordinate the efforts of various lestory. At the present time all ex- search projects undei one head. Roperiment station work is of a highly lations between researcheis and inconfidential nature.” dustry are handled by a special deOther Work Conducted partment under the direction of G. „ . , . 0 , ,, S. Meikle who is responsible for the bpeaking of other work on the , , • i.- t u. close contact now existing between campus. Dean Potter said that in University and industrial oraddition to the engineering station, ganizations.
TONY BUTKOVICH Purdue Fullback ond score in the ne.xt stanza on a pass from Vacanti. Dimancheff crossed the Marquette goal line in the final period for the Riveters’ third touchdown. Dubicki''kicked thethree extra points. Kick-Off Returned 27 Yards The Boilermakers’ opening kickoff by Lou DeFilippo was taken by halfback Capoulas who returned it 27 yards. Aftei John Rudan picked up five yards on two running plays he passed to Benkendorf for a three yard gain. With fouith down and two to go Rudan punted out of bounds on the Riveter 30 yard line. From the point the Boilermaker attack gained momentum as Bill Stuart and Babe Dimancheff picked up the iiliitial first down. Tony Butkovich gamed four yards off tackle and Stuart added two more. Butkovich went over his right guard for six yards and another first down. Stuart, Butkovich, and Dimancheff combined their efforts foi the third consecutive first down. Continue To Roll The attack continued to roll as Butkovich ran 12 yards for the fourth first down, after he, Vancanti and Stuart had gained nine yards. After Dimancheff’s eight yaid gain, a Maiquette offside penalty gave the Riveters a fiist down on th,e three yard line. Tony Butkovich crashed o\er from this point for the fiist G-pointer. Stan Dubicki entered the game and kicked the extra point. The Boilermakers led the Plilltopper's, 7-0. After Butkovich, Stuart, and Dimancheff had btokeii through the Marquette defense foi four first downs to leach the Hilltoppers’ 31 yai-d line, the Riveters weie penalized for backfield in motion. Two plays later, Sam Vacanti tossed a pass to Flank Bauman for the second touchdown with Bauman cariying the ball fioui the 11 \ard line. Dubicki gave a lepeat perfoimance for the extia point and the Boilcrmakeis led, 14 to 0. Recover Fumble As the thnd peiiod neared its end John Genis recoveied a fumble on the Marquette 12 yard line. The Boilermakers weie stopped on the 3 yard line and Marquette kicked out of dangei. Vacaiiti passed to Buscemi on the It) yaid line as the thud peiiod ended. The final quartei opened with the ball on the Mart[uotte 11. After losing 5 yaids on an offside penalty, Dinianchetf ^coied thiough the center of the line to make the score 21 to 0 for the Riveters after Dubicki kicked his third point after touch- ' down.m
M
Purdue Exponent
Sundayf September 26, 1^0
'Purdue Exponent combined with Furdue Independeni-
Officcs: Editorial and Business Purduti Memorial Union, iPhone 4005 Spdrts, Fjcldhousc, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m„ 5377
Editor Business ManoRcr.. News Editor...... MansRiitR Editor. .. Sports Editors
Ellis Murph> Mat-}’ Bilti William H. Tyspi Carolyn Wilbui Raymond .1. Sinilh, Russell M. Lipcs
Publication Staff Editorial Staff Associate Editors: Jack Abbott. Rutb M. Ford, Madelyn A. Grolncs, James T. Kiebardson. Margaret Y. Steffes,
Business Staff
Advertising Mariagrr: C. L. Gaunt. Assistant Advertising Manager: Betty Money, Circulation Manager: R. G. Saiierman.
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Abbott Day Editor: Steffcf Citv Editor: Ford Sports Editor: WriglF Reporters: Sworn. Bacdshnjd, Welsh. Murphy. Goorgeson Lewis, llablas. Martin. Donham. Miller. ■!’ .Richardson, B. Gregory. Winer. Thomas. F. Garber, B. Garber, Simons, Davos, .Yargar, ragliarnlo. .
Entered as second class matter at tho post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3. 1917, pnlhorized January 20: 1922. Published on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday mornings during the year, except cert.ain vacation periods. Delivered daily by carrier for $1.2.7 for a semester; by mail for $1,60 for a semester. Subscriptions . may be obtained at the Exponent office or at the West Desk'of (lie Uniem.
Represented for iialional ailvertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 4'2l) Madison Avc,, Now York, Ni Y.
Wb%A Schedule
Thursday, thirty-four coeds from about seven hundred registered at the University, took a littie time off to fold surgical dressings for the Red Cross in the sub-basement of the Union. This small showing was very disappointing to all concerned with the callout. One hour is .such a little time to a.sk of any coed as a direct contribution to the war effort. Equally busy Lafayette housewives spend an entire day folding dressings. Mrs. R. B. Wiley, head of the Red Cross in this district, said, “It is very important, especially now with this big war drive, to supply our doctors, and surgeons at the front with bandages since it is the least we can do for our fighting men. “Many of the coeds fee^ that their hour of work is too insignificant to be of any value’, but with a monthly quota of 45,000 dressings, an hour of work can not be underestimated.” In some of the army and navy bases over the country, army and navy wives are required to spend a certain amount of time each week rolling bandages. They not only do a valuable service in their afternoon of work but find it a splendid opportunity to form new friend-
ships.
A coed may fold dressings at any time from 9 a. m. to 4 p. m. on Thursdays or from 7 to 9
• y DREW . PEARSON Army Orders Too Much Turkey; Nazis Try To Slow Up U S. War Effort-; Bone Gathers Cartel Info , WASHINGTON—The Army is beginning-to wonder if it hasn’t over-extended itself on the business of turkeys. It has ruled that civilians may not bqy tui'keys for their Thanksgiving or Christmas dinners—or for next Sunday’s dinner, for that matter’—until the Army has acquired 12 million pounds for the armed forces overseas. That sounded all ri,ght, until somebody in the Quartermaster Corps began figuring out what you could do with 12 million pounds of turkeys. For generous portions, you can figure that 100 pounds of undressed turkey will feed 100 men. The number of men in the armed forces overseas, including Army, Navy and Marines, is around two million. Allow each man a pound of turkey for Thanksgiving and another for Christmas, and you reach the total of four million pounds. But the amount reserved for this purpose is three times four million, or 12 million pounds. When-certain food experts in the Quartermaster Corps realized this, they started to do some fast telephoning, When last heard from, they still didn’t know what two million men would do with 12 million pounds of turkey—except eat’em. Nazi Psychological Warfare Beware of false rumors about Germany. The Germans, masters of psychological warfare, are watching every opportunity to take advantage of American credulity. They know that Americans arc optimistic by nature and that we are prone to believe any story about miraculous victories or fortunate events. Apparently it was this method of psychological warfare which prompted the reports of August 8 that Hitler had been deposed in favor of military authorities. It has now been definitely established that no such event took place. State Department officials now say flatly that the whole thing- was a false report, from beginning to end. It was so generally reported, however, that they believe it must have been prompted by Germany. The motive in such a case would have been to make Americans rush to the conclusion that Germany was tottering and the war was not far from finished. This would have the effect of weakening our bond drives and similar efforts. NOTE: The Nazi news report of Hitler’s ousting came via Spain. Post-War Carf-els
,' Mnsici^na,| a half-hhur of popular music on records, can be heard Monday eyening from 9 to 9:30. Ed Ericsson and June Hardy collaborate on the script. Earlier in the evening, at 8 o’clock, the Bookman presents a review of .the latest books read by Treva Davis. Monday’s program:
Fetsonnol N!0|<9s
“Seems like old times again—-with guys trying to date us after giving us a line—instead of trying for a second cup of coffee.”
(Jn. JfuL
on Saturday—Confessions.
•News. Smile Time. “World Sociology,” Prof. 0. F. Halh Purdue News. News. Farm Forum.' Meet the Band. News. Homemakers Club. Music. . Parent’s Forum. -Markets. •News. Story A Day. Treasury Star Parade; Music. Music. News. Mary Lduis'e Reppert, pianist. 'Afternoon Melodies. Musicjil Varieties, -News. Tea Time Times. Just Relax. •Thoughts With Bert Hodge. •Newsr . Little Miss Muffett. •Mxlsi6. Vespers, ■Sports Review, Harold Heath. Minute of Prayer. •Dinner Hour. •NeAvs. Waves Recruiting. •Music. •Allies vs. Hitler. MOsic. News. Bookman. Music. ' •Voice of the Army. •Eventide Echoes. ■News. •Musicana. •Anything But Swing. •News. Off the Air.
Companies scheduled to- visit the campus:;^ National Unioih kndiofC'qr^ tion, Nhwai’kj N. J,—Sejptetnber 29, Interested ih E.E., Phyticists^''.: SylVaiiia BMctrie I’i'hdttcfe ^ Ibc., Salem, Mass.^Septembet 2'ijfritqrested in M.E., E,E. Physiejats. Consdiidated Vultee Aircraft Cjfrporation, Port Worth, TexasA^Intefested jih A-®-. C,E.,' M.E., E.^.' , ( Prpdijcts, Diyigioft, £icn4ix Aviatidh Corpdfation, South Bend, Ind.—September 29. Interested in,; M.E., A.E, ; *
Abbott Laboratories, North Phi' cago, 111.—September 29. Interested. ,in Bacteriologists, OH’.®., Ghemists (B.s.).-^; A;..;v ' General Eleetfic Gm, Schenectady, N. Y—October 22. Interested in' Ghemists, Gh.®.. M;E.,- G.E., E.E. • ' ' , . : • u . ' ' .if■Shell Development Co., Emeryville,. Cal.—’•Date to be announced. Interested in Chemists, Ch.E.» M.E.,< C.E., e!e. T
Hillel Foundation 116 Sheetz Street Rabbi M. H. Simon 10:30.—Services will be held at Fowler Hall. In the afternoon a tea dance will be sponsored by the Foundation, followed by supper and a program at 5:00. Holy Day Services—Wednesday evening, September 29, at 8, and Thursday morning, September 30, at 9:30.
Vice President Wallace’s controversy with'Standard Oil of New Jersey regarding the withholding of synthetic rubber patents from the American people, while giving them to Germany, has revived a drive by meinbers of the Senate Patent Comn-ffttee to pass legislation to prevent such an occurrence in the future. Apropos of this, Senator Bone of Washington happens to have certain information in his files which not many people know about. It makes significant reading in view of President Ralph W. Gallagher’s-protesta-tions of patriotic cooperation in the rubber program. What Gallagher did not mention, however, was how Standard Oil of N. J., at its last stockholders’ meeting, had refused to pass a resolution barring any cartel arrangements with Germany’s giant I. G. Farbenindustrie after the war. This resolution to bar post-war collaboration caused a real battle at the stockholders’ meeting earlier in
St.' John’s Episcopal Church Sixth and Ferry Rev. R. F. Thornton, Rector
8 a. m.—Holy Communion. 10:46—Morning prayer and sermon. Mr. Thornton’s subject will be “How Will Men Remember You?” A chdir of boys and men will sing the anthem “Lord Most Holy” by Abt, under the direction of Mr. Harry Irwin Metzger. The service will be broadcast over WASK.
■Ahe summer. It was proposed by a minority group led
, . r. 1 -1 r'Anc summer, it was pro
p. m. on Tuesday evenings. Surely every coedf \ William Floyd II of New York and Alfred Baker
could find one hour that would fit into her
schedule.
Time cards are kept for every worker, including University coeds. At the end of fifty hours of service, the gifi or woman receives a Red Cross service pin. Mrs. Wiley reports that our Eastern area is lagging behind in their quota of bandages so it is up to the Lafayette group to help put our area out on top. Coeds have always desired to make more definite contributions to the war. Although this inay not seem as spectacular as wearing a uniform, it nevertheless plays a very important role in the war. It is hoped that next week, groups of girls Avill make it an appointrnent on their social calendar to meet the gang in the sub-basement of the Union for one hour of “service joeing”,
■^c.j.w.
John D. Taylor . . . .student at the Univer.sity when he entered the Air Corps in April, is now taking his basic flight training at Bainhridge. (Georgia) Army Air Field. Cadet Taylor is the son of Mr. and Mrs. D. J. Taylor of West Lafayette.
Eugene V. SmiTh . . . former student of the Univer.sity, is now I'cceiv-. ing iiis basic flight training at the Bainhridge (Ga.) Army Air Field. (Jadet Smith is the son of Mr. and Ml'S. J-i. R. Smith of Blutfton.
Richard W. Vande , . . lias been jihomoted to the rank of technician fifth grade. Pet. Vande is stationed at Camp Bowie, Tex. He wa.s a .student in the Universityqirior to his induction in Ajiril.
Davjd H. Bache ... Agi-iculture inajoi', formerly attending the Univer.sity, ha.s been named as a flight leader in the “C” unit ol the Ai-niy Air Force Pre-meteorology Detachment stationed al Brown Univer.sity in Providence, Rhode Island.
Lewis of Boston who had corralled as many proxies as possible. However, Standard Oil had corralled even more proxies, and also had arranged to support Gallagher and defeat the anti-Farben resolution. James W, Gerard, ex-Ambassador to Germany was present, and made quite a speech opposing the resplution. Among his reasons for voting against it was the fact that Standard stock had risen 20 points, which he said was “an unanswerable argument of the ability of the company to manage its own interests.” William Floyd, of the minority stcokholders, vigorously opposed Gerard. He pointed out that Standard’s Frank Howard had gone to the Hague even after the war started in Europe and .signed an agreement with the Germans whereby Farben’s 2000 foreign patents were turned over to Standard. Reporting on this to William Farish, president of the company, Howard; said: “We did our best to work out complete plans,which would operate through the term of the war, whether or not the U. S. came in.” Started Suit’ Floyd also reminded President Gallagher at the stockholders’ meeting that six weeks before Pearl Harbor, when the Goodrich Company, realizing the urgent need for synthetic rubber, started to use Standard’s patents, Standard began an infringement suit and .cabled Berlin for help in its law suit against Goodrich. “The Nazis had already torpedoed American ships,” said; Floyd. “It was six weeks before Pearl Harbor. Synthetic rubber was one of our most important defense materials. Yet our company wgs seeking the aid of its German partner in attempting to stop the production of synthetic rubber by a rival company.” Floyd then asked President Gallagher whether Standard would agree to resume cartel arrange?nents with I. G. Farben only in case the U. S. Government decided it was desirable. But Gallagher stuck to his ground. His answer was “No.” In the end the resolution opposing cooperation with I. G. Farbeit after the war was defeated. One other interesting piece of information Senator Bone has at his fingertips is a copy of Hitlei-^ speech delivered in Munich Feb. 24,1940, celebrating the 20th anniversary of the Nazi party. This was shortly before France fell. Attached to the speech is a memo addressed to President Farish of Standard Oil “From the desk of Frank Howard”, president of Standard’s development company. The memo reads : “Mr. Farish, This came to me by mail. It is worth reading from any standpoint. (signed) F. A. H.” Below Mr. Farish had stamped—“Noted^—W. S. Farish”. The date was Nov. 1, 1940. NOTE: Pre.sident Farish pa.ssed away in a noj'th New Jer.sey shooting lodge. (Copyright, 1943, Ly United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
University Presbyterian Church North Street, near Grant Rev. John W, Findley, Minister 9:30—Student Class, under the leadei’ship of Dr. G. H. Graves, will meet in the church lounge. 10:30—Morning Worship. Mr. Findley’s theme will be “The Blind”. The choir, directed by Virginia Archer, will sing,, “Lord, We Cry to Thee,” by, Dickirtson. 6:00—Sunday Evening Fellowship will meet in the recreation room. Following supper, Prof. C. B. Murphy will speak on “Problems of the Post War World.”
Wesley Foundation Corner State and Sheetz Streets Rev. E. R: Balsley, Minister 9:30—-Church School. 10:40—Morning Worship will be held at the First Methodist Church. Dr. Otto Scott Steele will speak on “The Use of the Bjble”. The music furnished by the Memorial Choir will include “Lead Me Lord” by Samuel S. Wesley. 5:15—Fellowship supper at 20 cents a plate. 6:15—A discussion led by Rev. Doyle Mullen of the First Christian Church of Lafayette on “Understanding Ourselves Religiously.” 77:15—-The Worship Service will he in charge of the students of the Christian Foundation. These student§ are to be gue^s. • Wednesday at 7:30 p. m, — The newly formed Cell will meet in the class room. Thursday at 7:30 p. m. — The regular Cell will meet, Friday at 7:30 p. m.—A Fall Party will he held in the Great Hall at Wesley. The party is to he started earlier than originally planned for the convenience of the service men.
All Students
... who have not claimed their money or books from the Student Union Office do so by Tuesday, September 28 at 6 o’clock. If hot claimed money will go to the book exchange funds and to the army.
These companies are, not,scheduled to visit the campus;, however, they are interested in students for employment: Pittsburgh Plate Glass Co-. New Martinsville, W. Va.—InterLtCd in M.E., Ch.E. Sign by September 26. Magnolia Petroleum Co., Dalihs, TeX.--^Interested in EiE., Physicists. Sign by September 26. Allied Control Company, Inc., New York, N. Y.^—Interested in Physicists (M.S., or advanced training). Sign in Personnel Office by Wednesday, September 29.
The University of Virginia is appropriately observing the bi-centen-nial of the birth of its founder—■ Thomas Jefferson.
At Ohio State the housing situation, is mixed up. An army ASlP .unit moved into Mack and Canfield Halls, two coed dormitories, while the coeds took over some of the local fraternity houses.
Bicycles Host Use Roads; % Lawns Taboo
According to President E. C. Elliott the increased use of bicycles has created the problem of safety on the campus. Bicycle riding has been prohibited on the campus sideivalks and lawns, The University police have been told to enforce this regulation. Violators of this rule will be liable for the fee of $5 for each offense.
7:30-11:00 on Friday, October 1; the Fellowship will hold an open house in the recreation room.
TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
St. Mary’s Catholic Church 12th and Columbia Rev. Ediyard Holland, Student Pastor , 6:30, 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m. — Mass'., - ; , f 3:()0 to 5:45 and after 7:15 p. m.
DomtDC/?/SP POS£MAPyi/IPF
pi"
t) Uoyd Bscon
RE-RBlEAStD
A Warnei 6roi • Fiist Katioflol Picluto *
Q ne Q Sandwiches for delicious Tenderloin and Chop Steak Sandwiches Buy 'Em by the Sack — OPEN NIGHTS —
'Springtir
EXTpAl,, March of Time "INVASION"ii
• '(T . Vj t
I'*. i
I
Arrhy, Nfkvy, M&iiWe News
smmy, S4i»tmi^4r ms
Pbr'Service,. By ServifiA Men
Pa4h?
Lamp And Sword Insignia Will Appear Here In November
, stand by your needles and %hrea4 ASTs; a new shoulder ,p,atch, the ASTPs own, is on the way. teagerly anticipated since the inaugufation of the projgrapi/ ,it was recently desig.natedand is already in production. It is hoped it will be_available for distribution in Nowekher. n!as 0(dagoti Shape , ,The new patch is octagonal in'shape and consists of a lamp of learning across which is superimposed a vertical sword. The swoi'd and lamp are blue 6n a yellow background. Artists of the Quartermaster Corps and the Special Serv|ice Division collaborated to design the insignia as one of a series of proposed patches. To learn the preference of feoidiers, a cross section vote was taken among a sample
group of ASTP trainees at Georgetown University. Of the 150 votes cast, the insignia chosen ran far ahead of all others submitted. Supersede Others The patch will supersede the bewildering array from all types of units now on display at every ASTP college or university, and would, of course, be worn only through the period of actual training. However, the uniformity of insignia among trainees would be less significant, in all probability, than the improvement in the already high esprit de corps of the group. Rumors Get Little Support Occasional rumors that have plagued trainees, to the effect that they would have to serve longer than other enlisted men, now get little support in cam-
pus units. Numerous official statements flatly denying all such rumors, and coming from Army officers all the way up to Lt. Gen. Brehon P. Sofnervell, have about ended whatever credibility such stories ever appeared to have. Despite occasional gripings by traipees that they “still don’t know what it’s all about”, few are unaware of the weight of continued endorsements by high ranking officers as to the immediate and anticipated future values of the program. Inspire Trainees Col. Herman Beukema, director of the program, in a recent address to college officials engaged in ASTP work, urged them to help inspire all trainee's to an understanding of the importance of their objective. “I am asking you to do something more than teach these men,” he said. “It is not enough to conduct them along the hard path to Q. E. D. at the end of a proposition in geometry, not enough to guide their way through the mazes of engineering; not enough to house, feed and keep them in good health- I ask you to inspire them, to arouse them to a full sense of the importance of their work and a realization of the service they are rendering their country.” Pay Attention To ASTP Gen. Somervell, in a recent address to a conference of Commanding Generals of Special Service Commands, pointed out that “there is no ques-
Local Service Men's Beailty Contest Will Close Next Sunday, October 2
Former ROTC Schedule Te Help Men Return As FacilHafe AST AST Trainees Furlough Travel
Wanted—Student. Part time help—call in person.
University Drug Store
Arrival Friday of thirty-nine more soldiers brings to sixty the total number of former University ROTC men who have returned to participate in the AST program. These men were inducted at Fort Benjamin Harrison last March when they were in terms five and six at the University. After processing at this post,—^Fort Benjamin Harrisbn is also a Reception Center,—^the soldiers were sent back to the campus to finish their respective terms. Men Seiit To Basic Camps Again leaving the campus the men were sent for basic training in ordnance and field artillery at Aberdeen, Maryland ahd Fort Bragg, North Carolina, respectively. Originally these soldiers were then to proceed to Officer’ Candidate Schools, but since enrollment in many of these OC schools are reduced for the time beipg, the men were next accepted for ASTP and assigned here at the University. They will remain till completion of their courses or until they are called to Officer Candidate Schools. Upon assignment here, all the men were made Pfc’S; that is, Privates First Class. Emory University is believed to be the only university in the world whose mam buildings are constructed entirely 6f marble. tion but that we have got to pay a lot of attention to ASTP.” He noted that it is going to include more men than were in the regular Army before the war.
In order to facilitate the exodus from the University at furlough time. Battalion Headquarters is making arrangements for the AST trainees to make applitfation for their transportation in advance. The fui-loughs, which will extend from about October 23 to November 4, for over 900 men would put a great strain on the local facilities if some advance action was not taken, according to an announcement from battalion headquarters. In order to alleviate difficulties, forms are to be forwarded to the soldiers on which they will indicate their destination and carrier. This will be done through‘the Buttery Orderly
rooms.
Information In Orderly Rooms Much information concerning the main routes of travel is available at the orderly rooms and it is requested that the regular ticket agents not be bothered unless additional information is needed. The forms, which must be handed in by October 7, will then be sent to the transportation officer who will make arrangements with the various railroad and bus lines. Regular schedules have been worked out by batteries for the obtaining of and paying for the tickets by the individual soldiers. The official announcement warns that soldiers should not wait until train time to get their tickets or they may be left in Lafayette while furlough time is ticking away. Lawrence College is the only member of the Midwest Conference with a football team this year. Reason; Lawrence is the only school in the conference with a Naval training unit eligible to play.
Winner To Receive Traveling Case; Queen To Have Picture Prir^ted Next Sunday, one week from today, is the closing date for entries to the service men’s Beauty Contest. Photographs submitted during the final week coupled with those already entered will then be judged and the prize-winners will be announced. winner, “the service men’s queen”, will receive a fitted traveling case with all the accoutrements for make-up and over-^
night sojourns. This prize will be in alligator leather and suitable for many occasions. And of course the young lady will receive flowers, a bouquet of roses, as n token of the esteem her beauty holds in the heart of the
service men.
The three runners-up in the con-
The Forum
By Pfc. Gabriel Elias
No Peace Without Federation Of United
Nations
Enter Now— TTbuiX. Ssuudi^ ConisL&L
ARMY—Leave Photos at Battery Orderly Rooms NAVY, MARINES—Leave Photos in Room 137 W. Cary Hall A]LL SERVICEMEN—Leave Photos in Exponent Office (Union Bldg.)
am DRY CLEAMMG will please you.., keep you spotless ahd smooth
Phone 4081
DELIVERY FREE
Norlhwesiern at Vine Street
Editor’s Note: The Forum is the t®st, one for each of the three servicb man’s column of current branches of service, will have thefr opinion. Democracy demands an in- pictnres printed in the Exponent formed electorate eager to discuss ^^ong with the “^queen”. Extra copahd settle differences over the con- paper will be available to ference table. soldier, sailor or marine whose
girl is the winner.
After the last war the insincere Entries To Be Posted In Union objectors won. If we miss this sec- After the closing date, the entries ond chance, only a third war will will be posted in the Union so that follow. We cqnnot let the objectors the men may vote for their choice, delude us again. When the figures are computed, the After the last war we were told nine photographs, three for each to fear entangling alliances, be- service, with the highest number of cause President Washington used votes will bd” submitted to the some language once that seemed to judges for final decision, advise such a course of action. But of the entries so far received, one too many Americans realized that or two were entered in a sense of in Washington’s time Americans fun. One girl is called Lollie of had not been made neighbors of the Samoe. However, only authentic rest of the world by the airplane, pictures will be admitted for judgthe wireless and the radio. So, to ing. As a general rule, pictures of implement their “entangling alh- movie actresses, unless they are ances” line, the objectors argued really friends of service men will that if we join a world league to not be accepted,
guarantee peace we lose our na-
tional sovereignty. I ■ ' ' ' Unfortunately these arguments in its own borders on state issues, remain in the propaganda of the So, in the Federation of United objectors today. Today we are told Nations, each nation retains its that if we were to join a Federation present right to legislate about naof United Nations, we would sub- tional matters. In no way does any ject ourselves to the dictates of the nation lose any rights or soveredastardly British, the faggish ignty it now possesses. French and the yellow Chinese. We m. „ - tt -j. j xt ,, . , The Federation of United Nawould submit to the will of an awful ,1.4 „ •. „ , would concern itself only with awful super-government built on • , , ,, 1, ^ T, 1 1 jt, 1- TT , international matters,—that is with Rube Goldberg lines. How utterly „ , - . .. . , , . „ ^ the type of issues that lead to war.
_ Today there is anarchy between na-
American lives are too precious tions because there is no institution for us to sleep again. We must ex- to settle issues between nations and pose the same false arguments that to enforce the settlements. Wherebrought on the present war. ever anarchy exists, the only law is International Law force and the only court is war. We know and we «iust inform Tomorrow. United Nations Army
those who do not know, that the * , . ,
Federation of United Nations would ^ typical question that would ocnot decide whether we in America attention of the Federa-
should have a New Deal or anti-
tion of United Nations would be one
Make It Last—
Try Our 24 Hour Service for Quality
Parts for All Needs!
PETER ANDERSON CO
New Deal government. Americans international boundarwould still work out for themselves '^^ues bring world such questions as the poll tax, civil wars because the entire world is one. liberties, taxation and all the prob- Tomorrow the Congress of United lems Americans work out at pres- Rations will pass laws regulating ent. The function of the Federation boundaries and specifying the manof United Nations is to legislate ° disputes. The World only on these international matters disputes, and the legarding which no single nation uitjd Nations Army will be can rule without “entangling” with ^he court’s decis-
other nations. ' ions.
In every nation there are differ- ^ Today, when Hilter decides to ent types of laws pertaining to dif- ^ouk a treaty and go into Poland, ferent units of government. In the Peaceful nations bicker with United States, for instance, we have *0 the best way of municipal law pertaining to city f uPP'ug him. The present war was matters only, and neither state nor . when the most peace lovfederal law can invade the rights'of nation in the world, the United cities to regulate their city func- decided actively to tions. So, too, we have state laws, support the rest of the peaceful naand the United States government we delayed a little longcannot tell a state what to do with- Hitler s international thieves J ; i ^-l- ■■■ would have enslaved the world.
Tomorrow, the United Nations’ Army delays not. It stops Japan when that country makes its first pass at Manchukuo; then it stops Italy in Ethiopia. Tomorrow, Hitler never gets beyond his first grab of the Ruhr valley. There is no delay; no hunting around for allies; no bickering for advantages. Tomorrow the United Nations’ Army defends the entire world against in-
ternational thieves.
TOMORROW WE ENJOY NO LESS NATIONAL SOVEREIGNTY THAN WE HAVE TODAY, AND WE GAIN INDIVIDUAL AND NATIONAL FREEDOM. For today we limit our national sovereignty every time we enter a tieaty and an alliance^!which is always because nations must combine today to protect themselves against bands of opposing enemies!. But, though we limit our freedom of action by agreeing to submit to thf joint will of the people with whom we make treaties and alliances, w« enjoy no security. We suffer the drawback of limitation of cqmpletft soveieignty and we do not reap the rewaid of insured peace.
Corner of Sixth and Alabama
Phone 4048
Colby College at Waterville, Maine is the eastern most Institution of higher learning in the U. S.t s
A
y
\v
/•/*«
Page 4
/irV ••* If '’ Jnf'’ ■* m Boilermaker Sports
Sunday^ September 26, lM3
lllini-Boilermaker Game Grandstand Echoes
To Resume Old Rivalry
By Ray Smith
When the Boilermakers encounter Illinois, it will be the first time in twelve years that Riveter and Illini teams have met. This restores one of the oldest rivalries in the Big Ten, with the game being the twenty-ninth in the series, which was launched back in 1890, over a half century ago. To date, Illi-
nois holds the edge, with 16
MEET THE TEAM TODAY ^
It was great of all the loyal football fans to wait for an hour at the station Fiiday night in the California dew that was falling The Gimlets, Reaineis and Gold Peppers aie planning a meet the team gathering foi
Coach Allen Clocks Pop Doan Says Trackmen In First Staff Tickets Time Trials Of Year Now Available
Thirty-Six Players Sent To Milwaukee For Marquette Tilt
Meet
The Team
victories compared to eight for the Boilermakers and four ties. Both teams have had ample tune-ups for the conference opener, Illinois Meeting Camp
Grant and the Iowa Seahawks while By Bill Garber the Boileimakers were tackling The roster of the team playing Great Lakes and Marquette The Great Lakes said that he was joung, but enthusiastic Illini crew, “among the missing,” but Ed Cywhich has had two full weeks in cenas, star Boilermaker halfback, which to prepare for the coming was not missing from Ross stadium battle, was impressive even in de on Saturday True, he could not play feat, as it scored three touchdowns due to a leg injury, but he was in against a heavily far oied Iowa Sea- the stands watching every play with hawk eleven on the same dav that keen interest, groaning whenever th^ Boilermakers weie tripping up — '
, . , ,, , i ,, , , j, „ , After two weeks of cold and rainy Several statements were made Thiity-six playersj including Ed this afternoon, and they are hoping that the same rabid fans will be ^^ather, wlych caused the cancella- Friday concerning the distribution Cycenas, veteran right halfback, present It would be very nice to see quite a few inore who were driven ,nter-squad meet, the fall of football tickets for this season were named by Coach Elmer Burn-
track team, under Coach Homer Al- c S Doan, manager of ticket h^m to comprise the Borlermaker’s len, finally got going with the work gales, announced that season athlet- traveling squad for the flood light of whipping a team together, with books, which will admit faculty tilt with Marquette at Milwaukee
time trials held on Wednesday and and staff members to all home lust night
Thursday These trials were held gpor^g events, are now available at John Gems and Alex Agase were
named co captains prior to the
with the team at 3 30 today
FACULTY BOWLING LEAGUE STARTS
Word conies to us that the Faculty Bowling League is again in full swing and will continue that way throughout the next few months Six
teen teams are entered in this year’s league, and J W Wilbur, secretary 1° f ^he men’s gym- rained , of the organization, tells us that three teams are tied for the lead at the ^ thT trlvZr souad named bv end of the first week of play They are General Engineering, Mechanical correc e eluding tax Doan pointed out th^ Qo^ch Burnham as followsEngineering II, and Dairy with auecord of 3 and 0 We regret that we Van Deman Wins Quarter Mile the privilege of purchasing staff t Tr„cnpnn Frank are unable to publish the complete standings at this time Wednesday time trials featured books has been extended to Army, „ Hevheit Hoffman' William high hurdles, 100 yard sprint, and Navy, and Marine officers now as- Buuman, Herbert Hoffman, William
the quarter mile, field events fea- signed to the University for various Charles Haag, William
O’Keefe, Joe Collings
NEW STARS AT GREAT LAKES
Great Lakes football got a lift this week as Coach Hinkle uncovered tuiing shot put and the high jump, training duties Alt Muiakowski and had Steve Lach of Duke added to the roster Winners were, for the quarter^mile. High School Tickets
TACKLES—Mike Kasap, John Gems, John Staak, Thomas Hughes,
TT ‘TXrtYvtQrr nf R 'F'l (jCIllSj JOilll XilOlTli
Muiakowski IS without collegiate experience, but is well known among van ueman, at oo o seruims, x lan Following the policy of recent ■Wpiit, rrii,.. FobeitPlevo Indiana high school football circles He was mentioned on the All State Jivka coming in second In this race school students will be riTARDS Hick Baiwi
eleven for his play on an East Chicago high school eleven
Van Deman came m two or three admitted to all of Purdue Univer-
yards m front, looking good In the
GUARDS—Dick Barwegen, Alex Agase, Jack Butt, Donald Lehm-
HERE AND THERE
yaras iniront, looKiug guuu xn football games at the % raumf Mor hundred yar^d sprinUwo heats were special price of 50 cents, it was an- Beisch, Gilbert Mor-
It looks as though the West Coast might be forced to forget about necessary In the first heat Linblad j^g^eced Friday by Guy Mackey,
Great Lakes Purdue Cannon'4t Stake At stake in the coming battle will be a new trophv, the “Purdue Cannon” The Boilermakeis will be seeking to return it to the campus, for the first time in 40 'sears in the hope that it mas be filed m celeljia tion of a Boilermaker victory The trophy will be/ piesented to Guy Mackey and Doug Mills athletic directors of this Univeisits' and Illi nois, respectii ely between halves of the game Eliot Depends Upon Krall Coach Eliot of Illinois will have two weeks in which to round the Illini into top physical shape as a result of a September 25 open date He will be depending heavily upon the line smashing ability of Bill Krall, freshman fullback who scored two touchdowns against the Seahawks Eliot is also hopeful that the recent addition to the squad of five freshmen and two nas'y V 12 students will bolster his piospects The fortunes of war have left Eliot in a position where he will be sending his cuiient Illinois team against a Boilermaker “combined operations” squad of marines, sailors and civilians that includes a number of famous alumni of his
team
football for the duration The few teams that are left are finding it diffi- ^as first and Fenters second In athletic Director The reduced CENTERS—Lou DeFilippo, Joseph
cult to complete their schedule Coach Paul Brown says that he is second heat Pleatman too rst pjj^g “high school tickets”, which a ter orem a, i iai» glad that his first three opponents are not conference teams, for he knows Harvey second Both heats ordered rn advance through a tx r, less about this year’s Ohio State eleven than he has known about any ^un in 10 3 seconds Ramsey school principals or purchased QUARTERBACKS—J mes arr, team that he has coached in the past 13 years Don Greenwood, Illi- hurdles in 15 seconds stadium prior to each game, Vacanti, Blame Hib er nois’ light halfback was chosen by Michigan State and Ohio State on Finlayson coming in second admission and HALFBACKS—Stanley Dubicki,
then all opponents’ teams in 1941
On the field, Ramsey and Stuide- ^ souvenir program
Lewis Rose, William Stuart, Kerth
Notices
Tau Beta Pi Meeting will be Titlcl at 7 Thursday evening Sept 30 in room 263 of the Union Inteiviews must be completed by then —HANSEN
Dimancheff, Ed Cycenas
FULLBACKS—Tony Butkovich,
All Students Did you order a 1 )43 Debris‘s If you did pick it up at the Debris office
L<ast chance—tal e it or leave it
Kappa Delta Rho Meeting Vvill bo held in room 303 o£ the Union at 7 30 p m Putschy All Kappa Delta Rhos are in vitcd —DAVIS
in , quitting here because of lack of football fans that the
time In the shot put event, Klaus
start this fall at 2 30 p m , Central ^etek, George Mihal
War Time, allowing more time for spectators to get to the stadium in
time for the kickoff
—BUSINLSS MANAGER
Seventh Term ME s and AE s It is time for you to begin having employment intei Mews S^ciro the following material from Miss Hicker in the ME Office 1 Interview pioceduie sheet 2 Company list 3 Re ejuest for InterMcw cauls 1 Confidential I acuity Recommen lation foim Watch bulletin boaid and Exponent foi interview notices —BOLZ
Khaki
S (Continued from page 1) Han ell Toirence stopped the show in a “Casablanca Scene” with his tap dancing Also well received
Chem 1 and Chem 1 Intrasession Stu dents Ihosc enioiled mav obtain houi test IV by calling it general chemisliv office Chem Annex loom IZi before Sept 30
—BOYK
took first with 42 ft, 10 in , Suciu placed second with 42 ft, 2 in
Linblad lakes 220
Thursday’s trials were slowed down considerably by a heavy head wind In the 220 yard dash Bob Linblad came in first with 23 6, Bert Pleatman and Ben Harvey coming in close second and third In the 880 yard dash, John Huff, after a 58 sec ond first quarter, slowed down to come in first rn 2 13 5 George
IM
V-T2 IM Schedules
here was Bob Berardr’s accordion Booth followed him with 2 18 6, Dick
solo
Aeromodelcrs Model anplono contest will be held Sunday Sept 26 instead of incor red date as lepoited in last issue of Expo nent —LDIPORS
ED CYCENAS
the Blu jackets made any gain, cheeiing whenevei our team ad-
Among the past performers vanced Cycenas loves football, and
Corps Of MCs
Keeping the perfoimers going were a whole coips of masteis of ceiemonies, led by Talbeit Lavine
To All Army Now and Marine Members aild Sailfoid Maisel
The show was piesented by the tiainee battalion recieation com mittee, headed by Capt Samuel
Naismitlj
of Sigma Alpha Epsilon Smoker next Sun (la\ Sei t ^6 at 4 p m at SAF house
—JONES
Mr A W Johnson Please come down to Exponent (1 co at ! cl urn hi Alpha Phi Oniej,a key he lott heir —EDITORS
Schwemsbeigei came in thud with 2 21 At the low hurdles, the head wind noticeably hindering him, Bruce Findlayson puffed in first with 29 2, Louis Larsen took fiist in his hert with 30 7 In the discus thiow, Klaus took first with a mighty heave of 130 ft, 9 in , Sucy.i
second with 128 ft, 8 in
Coach Allen said that men who would lun the distance events weie
Army Softball Monday, Sept 27, 1943 Diamon 1— 11— A 1 vs A 7 12— A 2 vs CC 13— A 3 vs D 5 14— A 4 vs D 1 15— A 5 vs D 2 16— A 6 vs D 4 17_B 4 vs B 1 18— B 2 vs C 3 19— B 3 vs C5
Schedules
Ward Softball
Monday, Sept. 27, 1943
Diamond—
1— Owen vs Ward 1 2— In tei national House v
Ward 2
3— Chauncey vs Ward 4 4— Ciicle Pines vs Ward 6 5— Rochdale vs Waid 6 6— Dover vs Ward 8 7— Ward 13 vs Ward 9 8— Wrrd 11 vs Ward 12
For fifteen years sophomore and lunror journalists of the Florida State College for Women have
TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
edited a Sunday edition of the local Tallahabsee News Democrat while the regular staff takes a holiday
of Eliot are John Gems and Alex Agase, co-captains of the Riveters’ squad against the Marquette team, Mike Kasap and Tony Butkovich
meal to
Classified
Ads
would lather go without
play a gaane
‘ C^ ”, as ihis buddies c ill him is a sen 01 now, a member of the Navy V 12 unit stationed on the campus Previous to his enlistment in the Nav\, ‘Cy” attended this Univei sitv and IS theiefoie one of the two letter man holdovers fiom last
year’s team
Befoie coming to the Umveisit-y “Cr” attended the lilden Technical
Students Ihost who wcrlod for the RcgisUai cluiink the stmi teim Rcgibtra tion may dtui then checks ly c illine, it the Rc isti ir b office blONE
Heading the production as man- cmienlly woiking out with the cioss aging director was T/Sgt Jerry country team and therefore were not Koetting His principal aides were included in these time tiials
Lutherans Come one come ill Hike to pfe William Wellborn and T/5 Hal
HlUJ Hoik w & iikU> afternoon Meet
Ti m{ tb at the so tl entrai ce of the Union CoopGiniail at 4 p m Call Cliff Matthew '"olM or Ilild i Ciltingci 121 if lie coming kvaBanannaM
lie eats -HOLLIDAY I
Buv War Bonds And Stamps
Christian Science Organization Regula 1 cti u I Ks 11> S pt nibei 28 at 3 m in loom 30/ (f the Unio ~r iPLANTA
Senior Paiade Committee Meeting as s(h(dulcd rucsda> it 1 in the Student Senate Office 1 le«se be pi ent GLOVLR
Typewrilcrs Adding maenmes all makes
sold rented repaired and purchased Mimeo tt i o r i ^ tt i i graph work done C J Eberehoff 606 Mam, High bchooi 01 (. hlCdgO Heie he be
Student Senate Regi lai Senate meetino: will be h Id M i d i\ Sej t ^ il 8 oO p m in the S n lie office THOM\S
This is A. HAWKIN S Hat
ijafayette Phone 2779
Money to Loan On diamonds watches, guns luggage typewriters Albert s Loan Office 407 Columbia
Typewriter service 6943
C L Gunkle Phone
Wanted—Purdue students to work Thurs da> and Saturday evenm}.,^ as waiters Ex pencncc not neecssar\ G( od pay aid short hours Elk Club Apply Frank Lenihan
gall hib caieei at football winding up after three veais of competition with thiee major letters—all for football the captaincj of the team, and a place for two consecutive veais on the Chicago Daily News’ All Public School All Stai team When “Cy” turned out for foot
Phi lau Si(,mi Pltclj,e mcctinpr imII h held M)idi\ Sipt al ^ JO p m i lorm 1 0 of the Uni i EVANS
Wanted—YounK woman or >oung man who ball in hlS fl esliman Veai at the Ulll IB a student or exempt fiom service with x i i-n in ^ n some newbpa])er expeiience for work on VeiSltV, Mdl fcjlVcUCi, then COach 01
local newspaper Call 7 00
the Boileunakeib lecognizcd
Lost—Prescription ground sunglasses in ability, and allowed him tO WOlk Ollt WRH radio room Contact Morce Worley , , .i .i. . . or Wood Hall office daily With the vaisity team
Reward for retuin of blue Parker pencil Name Barbara Rieser on bairel Call 3954
Lost—Black and gra> Parker pen at Exponent office for reward
For Sale—Icnnib racket with press and
cover Call t>14 4
Buy
War Bonds And Stamps
This year “Cv” climaxes his four yeai careei with Boilei maker Leave teams three of them with the var siti squad “Cv” Is a membci of the Theta Chi fiateinity, “P” men’s
club and Gimlet club
Commenting on the Gieat Lakes game, “Cy” said about Tony Butko vich ‘ He did some beautiful run ning I thought him best on the
field”
Clothes. IS ^ Home Job
(pud. Qulck-actran deodoranf
in5<?^^orm
LOE-ODQ
Unlike olher under-arm deodorants LOR-ODO IS a handy, solid 1 bar’H(Safely, instantly checks perspiration and removes the telltale odor Leaves under arms^clean, CfAx dry,"frogrant ^ Will not'rotZfobricjt
(fcelio.
If You Want to Know What Goes on Under This Hat Read The September fiuhdusL £nqImpA.
It s a ch> by day dut> foi )oli and for us' Don t buy new clothes unless \ou need them put 1 ist )eai s clothes in aetne service igun ind hue join girments cleaned IN riMl —befoic dirt ind stains become imbedded m the fabric \\ e can help )ou save \out clothes with quality clc mmg But since w irtimc conditions and rcstuctions prevent us' from giving out peace time j standards of set vice . )ou can help us by phoning at the earliest possible date for pickups
Sovnsihinq.. Psallif Thw—
A miniature of our main store conveniently located for you north-enders—
Supplies for your every need ★ Books for All Occasions ★ Stationary and V-Mail Kits ★ Athletic Supplies ★ Ice Cream and Pop
STADIUM STORE
ISotlhiveslein at Stadium
Soiitinvot th^s
Under youi devastating new Iiat...a radiant, lovelier youf Try Botany Lanolin Beauty Aids... tiy tliem a in...ti le wonderful creams, tlie sootliing, luscious soap, tke utterly deligktful lotion. You 11 maivel at tke way tkey coax your complexion kack to glowing, supple, freskness... tke way youi skin feels incredi kk
le way youi skin leeis increaiDly
smootk and soft. It s a seciet we 11 skare witk you...Its oil halance tkat does it, and Botany Lanolin cosmetics kelp maintain tke oil kal-
ance so essential to loveliness.
BOTANY LANOLIN AIDS TO LOVELINESS
Botany Lanol n Tuple Action Cream cleanses lubrti
cates protects $1 and $1 75 / Botany Lanolin Formula 70 A massage or night cream r ch in lanolin $1 25 and $2 ^ Botany Lanolin Superfatted Soap Richer In lanolin ,i ■>
creamy delightful 3 cakes for 50^
Botany Lanol n Lot on Creamy richer In lanolin (t little goes a long way $1. ,
(On phone or ma / orders include 10% Federal Excise Tax I
ckxiikd.
Toiletries
Street Floor
'r J
UllC AlClW, bOUVtJIHi pAUglfcllll ^ vant tied foi high jump at 5 ft 10 ^ .emindei to Milauskas, Boiis ^