e the Purdue Exponent
SUNDAY March 6, 1938 Lafayette, Indiana VOL. 49 No. 128
^mihf iig Tin Titfi
University Debaters Will Meet Xavier Affirmative Team At Peru Tomorrow Joe Rittenhouse, 3 E, and Wayne Fredericks, 4 PS, will make up the University negative debate squad which will travel to Peru tomorrow evening to meet the alRmative team of Xavier University. They will debate on the question: “Resolved: That the National Labor Relations Board be empowered to enforce compulsory arbitration in all indus-
trial labor disputes.”
The Xavier team is composed of two Liberal Arts seniors, Albert A. Stephan, and G. Dan Bruch, both of whom are members of Philopedian Debating Society. The Xavier team will also meet several other universities in the middle west while they are on their pres-
ent debating tour.
The Week's NEWS
National Five days of cloudburst rainfall, totalling over 11 inches in Los Angeles proper and nearly 27 in surrounding foothill suburbs, exacted an estimated death toll of 200 this week as freak weather conditions soaked Southern California with unprecedented flood waters. Wednesday a wooden pedestrian bridge spanning the Los Angeles river at Long Beach crackled warning, then crashed, hurling at least ten persons to drowning death. Plunging over its banks into a channel unused since 1882, the Santa Ana, wildest river in the flood, inundated surrounding delta lands, brought death to 60 persons. Disrupted communication mediums prevent accurate check of damage in the five stricken counties : Los Angeles, San Bernardino, Riverside, Orange, and Ventura; but estimate shows 20,000 homeless and more than 200 missing or dead. Food shortage and disease were twin threats facing Southern California this week-end, as workers began the muddy job of rehabilitation. Then, yesterday came the new threat of more rain. Weather observers hesitate to predict past today, but fear that new low pressure areas foreshadow new rainstorms.
YWCA To Conduct All Co-ed Vespers Tuesday Stories and music will occupy the first YWCA Vespers Story Hour for all co-eds, to be held Tuesday afternoon at 4 p. m. in the YWCA Union office. Virginia Reed, accompanied by Margaret Sauer, will play two selections on her violin. “Pfalzgraf” will be read by Jennie Boscoe; the story “Red Hair and Freckles” will be given by Florence Leighton.
Zouave Squad Performs At Polo Meet; Sees Fort Sheridan Today Thirty-seven Zouaves, of the University drill squad, presented a selection of their maneuvers between the main games of the National Indoor Polo meet, which was held in the 124th Field Artillery Armory, Chicago, 111., last night. The Zouaves gave a twenty-five minute exhibition between the main games, played between members of the Western Polo Association. They plan to spend this morning and afternoon visiting Fort Sheridan and the Great Lakes Training Station, returning home this evening in the reconaissance cars in which they drove to Chicago. Captain E. V. Holmes accompanied the squad on the trip. Peoria Alumni Meet To Organize New Club Purdue alumni of Peoria, Washington, Bloomington, Pekin, and Morton, 111., met last week in Peoria to organize a Purdue alumni club. R. F. Palmblade and Mrs. G. W. Bussell were elected president and secretary, respectively, for the ensuing year.
Schmadel Is French Beauty In 'Of Thee I Sing' Co-ed Soprano Becomes First Lady; Eyes Opera
“Dear Dad, please give these men the money. I have a bad cold!” scrawled little kidnaped Peter Levine, 12-year-old son of a wealthy New York attorney, on the back of a third ransom note found Wednesday. His father, Murray Levine, will not admit paying the $60,000 ransom allegedly demanded of him, although he has received three ransom notes in the ten days Peter has been missing. Crude letT;ering in Bronx snow, (Continued on page 2)
Singing in her high soprano voice, Alberta Schmadel will play Diana Devereaux, the French beauty, in the coming all-campus musical “Of Thee I Sing.” A singing part just fits Alberta for she has, for years, had her eye peeled on grand opera. “I expect to go ahead with my singing, heading for grand opera. That sounds pretty sophisticated, but . . .” And she really has the voice for opera. Performed In “Pinafore” Weekly, Alberta sings a program of soprano soloes over WBAA. “Of Thee I Sing” will be her first University show, but, while in Jefferson High School she played in the Gilbert and Sullivan comic opera “Pinafore.” In “Of Thee I Sing” Alberta is defeated in the bathing beauty contest to select a wife for the presidential candidate, Sal Palma. Marge Starrett is chosen over the unlucky French maiden. Her country demands that the president divorce his present wife, and marry the one who should have won the contest. The president refuses. “When-
Alberta Schmadel ever the president is unable to carry out his duties, it will be the duty of the vice-president to do them,” reads president Wintergreen. And so Diana Devereaux becomes Mrs. Alexander Throttlebottom, later the first lady of the land.
Big Ten Sieindings
Boilermakers Down Northwestern, 42-39, In Rough Game Before Crowd Of 6,I}M; Young Gets 10 Points By Dick Obenchain Exponent Sports Editor Patten Gym, Evanston, 111., March 5—The Purdue Boilermakers annexed another Big Ten title here tonight as they defeated the Northwestern Wildcats by the score of 42 to 39 before a wild and wooly crowd of 6,000. The referees took a beating. The scorers took a beating, and the two teams almost hammered each other to pieces. But Purdue turned on the steam when it was needed and beat the roaring Wild-
cats.
A field goal by Malaska, a free throw and a technical by Young, happened so fast a few minutes after the start of the gam6 that, although the official scorers marked up four points for Purdue, the crowd could concede only two —poor scorers. Lose Vance On Fouls The whistle tooting pair of officials (Clarno and Schommer) waved Ad Vance, brilliant Northwestern guard, to the showers after 17 minutes of play with four personals—poor referees. Poor players — Young, Sines, Anderson, Malaska, Beretta, Currie, Smith, Nagode, Vance, and Voigts—all oft the same floor at the same time. McMichaels opened the game with a free throw. Purdue immediately overcame the Northwestern lead with a free toss by Young and a field goal by Beretta. Purdue led for the remainder of the game, but their lead was cut down to two points with only two minutes to play. With the band playing “Go Northwestern” and the crowd yelling for Northwestern scotcs, Malaska, Sines, and Anderson broke through the Wildcat defense to put the game on ice.
w
L
TP
OP
PURDUE
10
2
511
414
Minnesota-
9
3
393
358
Northwestern
. 7
4
385
368
Ohio State
7
5
458
419
Iowa
6
6
417
411
Michigan
5
6
373
345
Wisconsin
, 5
7
439
449
Illinois
, 4
8
428
465
Indiana
4
8
463
478
Chicago
2
10
389
537
Other Scores
Ohio State, 41; Chicago, 29. Minnesota, 35; Wisconsin, 28.
Delegates Meet For Baptist Conference Delegates from Indiana University and Ball State Teachers' College mjbt here yesterday for the third annual Indiana-Pm'due Baptist student conference, sponsored by the Roger Williams Club, of the West Lafayette Baptist
Church.
Yesterday afternoon Rev. Doyle Mullen, of the First Christian Church, Lafayette, addressed the conference on “Christian Fellowship Throughout the Ages.” This morning at 9:30 M. L. Fisher, dean of men, will lead the Roger Williams class. Robert Reveal will conduct the 3 o’clock worship service. Dr. T. F. Williams, pastor of the Trinity M. E, Church, Lafayette, will close the meeting, speaking on “Christian Fellowship of Tomorrow.” Squash Quintet Defeats Evanston, III., YMCA, 5-0 In its last dual meet of the year, the varsity squash team decisively defeated the Evanston YMCA at Evanston, 111., yesterday afternoon, five matches to none. Captain Lucek set the pace with three straight sets won, and Sokolowski, Juve, and Foerhard followed, duplicating his feat. Linn won his match, 3 to 1.
Purdue (42)
FG
FT
PF
Young, f
...2
6
1
Sines, f
...A
2
0
Fisher, c
....0
0
2
Anderson, c
....2
1
4
Dickinson, g
-.0
0
0
Malaska, g
....5
1
3
Yeager, g
....1
0
S
Beretta, g
...2
0
3
- -
Totals
-.16
10
16
Northwestern (39)
FG
FT
PF
Smith, f
4
2
Kowaliski, f
....1
0
1
McMichael, f
...2
4
0
Currie, f
0
3
Nagode, c
4
2
Vance, g
2
4
Feamhn, g
0
0
Voigts, g
1
1
'Totals 12 15 13THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday, March 6, 1938
The Week’s NEWS
(Continued from page 1) plus three mysterious telephone calls started police dragging and draining a small park lake yesterday. Draining can not be finished until sometime today.
memoration of his induction into office during 1933’s dark depression days.
South from San Francisco Tuesday a twin motored airliner flew into the night. .. and has not been heard from since. Carrying six passengers, two pilots, and a stewardess, the plane roared through heavy rain to forced landing—-or crash—somewhere in California. Fog and snowstorms delayed searching parties, but aerial scouts felt confident yesterday they would find the missing airliner in the Bass lake region near Fresno within several hours. Radio announcers last night flashed the news that smoke signals from the search area were seen by a state policeman. Airplanes and ground crews set out hurriedly to seek the lost ship before threatening snowstorm impeded the quest, or perhaps buried the quarry.
General John J. Pershing, whose life last week was so nearly forfeited to uremic poisoning and a weakened heart, fooled despairing doctors and is now well on the road to recovery. Pershing is now feeling so well he’s anxious to leave his bed, although just one week ago he was given no chance to live. Washington Inaugurating his sixth year in the White House Friday, President Roosevelt declared to 100 newspapermen crowded into his oval executive office: “After five years the old ship of state is still on the same course.” The President received the reporters after his return from a special church service held in com-
New tax measures occupied attention of representatives on the congressional front this week. Wednesday saw introduced into the House a much debated 319page tax bill, which would modify capital gains tax, revise corporate tax structure in order to retain the undistributed profits tax for large corporations only, and impose a new surtax on family owned or closely held corporations.
tional banks in this county. O’Connor states that the last three bank inspections show commercial loans are increasing while government holdings are falling off.
The 250 million dollar WPA pie was handed over to Works Progress authorities for cutting Wednesday shortly after President Roosevelt signed the resolution creating it. This measure brings WPA appropriations up to one billion, 993 million dollars for the fiscal year. Authorities estimate that two and one-fourth millions will be on WPA payrolls by the last of March.
His colleagues exploded Senator Buckley’s (Ohio) superhighway dream this week when they referred his 8 billion dollar project to the committee on post offices and post roads . . . the committee almost unanimously opposes the measure. Buckley’s bill proposes construction of 10 transcontinental highways, three east and west, seven north and south, to be supported by a Federal bond issue and amortised by payment of tolls. Business British industrial activities may be expected to decline steadily and fairly rapidly in the near future, say British unemployment insurance authorities “if the normal course of the trade cycle is to be judged from the past, there are reasons for expecting that the movement of employment for many years now will be steadily downward.”
Business men engaged in active opposition this week over the Borah-O’Mahoney bill providing for Federal licensing of all corporations having gross assets of $100,00 or more. According to the bill’s legislations is to put out of business any corporation engaging in monopoly or other specified abuses of its power.
Beer distributor delegates of Michigan came to Indianapolis Friday for a conference with Indiana authorities to end the beer tariff war now in progress between the two states. The preceding day a delegation had asked Michigan’s Governor Murphy to postpone or abandon the state’s embargo on Hoosier beer scheduled to start on March 14. War Fast-moving Chinese guerrilla armies have recaptured many square miles of territory north of Nanking, Japanese sources admitted Thursday. Harrassing communication and supply lines, the irregular troops are checking Nipponese advances along the Tient-sin-Pukow railroad, and have driven a wedge between Japanese forces at Nanking and three columns operating north of the city.
U. S. marines halted armed Japanese patrols for half an hour Friday. The Nipponese soldiers were on their way to “supervise” Japan’s nations in the International Settlement. This is the fifth time since February 15 such clashes have occurred.
More optimistic news comes in the report of J. T. O’Connor, controller of the currency, on the na-
, French Concession guards threw up barricades Monday to prevent invasion of their territory by a 36-truck detail of Nipponese troops. Fist fights broke out and hot words passed between forces of the two nations. Early next morning, Japanese officials sent their regrets, promised similar incidents would not recur.
tOUR SWEETHEARTS "ONE IN A MILLION" ih^ Cesar ROMERO - Ethel MERMAN RAYMOND SCOTT QUINTET
Now
Playing
—PLUS—^
Pete Smith Specialty
Armored trains, tanks, and mechanized artillery units — in great numbers — are commanded by Japanese troops in front of the Chinese “Maginot Line,” neutral observers said Friday. Estimated 75,000 troops are reported concentrated for attack on the 250-mile-long line along the Lunghai railroad.
Ominous quiet prevailed m Spain all this week. Foreign military observers said insurgent forces were massing men and material for “broad operations.” The point selected as an objec; tive is guarded as a military secret by insurgent leaders, but only three sectors remain under the control of the loyalist government —the eastern seaboard between Barcelona and Valencia, the southern Almeria front, and the central Madrid sector. Foreign International conspiracies to overthrow the present Russian government and restore the capitalistic system were laid open late this week as 21 former high Soviet officials went on trial in Moscow. Twenty of the 21 admitted they had plotted with Germany, Poland, Great Britain, and Japan to murder Dictator Josef Stalin, destroy the Soviet Union.
Only Nicholas Krestinsky, for nine years Russian ambassador to Germany, pleaded not guilty. Leon Trotsky, former Russian war lord now exiled in Mexico, was named the conspiracy’s instigator. The late Gen. Hans von Seeckt, of the German general staff, and Werner Daitz, trusted leader of Hitlre’s foreign department, also were linked with the plotters.
Schools were ordered closed this week in Graz, Italy, as government troops used tanks and planes to prevent further Nazi uprisings in the capital of Syria. Vienna leports 40,000 Nazis are prepared to march on Graz for a show of loyalty to Hitler. All illegal Nazi activity is being prohibited by Austrian Chancellor Schuschnigg.
Rovello, Italy, got the headlines this week when secrets of the coming marriage between Greta Garbo, cinematrcess, and Leopold Stokowski, musician, were revealed. Stokowski refused to talk about “personal things.” Elliotts To Entertain President and Mrs. E. C. Elliott will entertain 250 sophomore, juniors, and senior University activity men and women at their Activity Tea this afternoon from 3 to 6 o’clock.
CiOWN X AR©IIN^V^ GO T O r; TOWN Joe’s the goofiest gu mshoe artist i that ever f staged a \ loony lulu of a laugh riot ... I
LUMA
LYDA ROBERTI ALISON SKIPWORTH JANE WYMAN Alan Baxter • Lucien Littlefield Berton Churchill • Barbara Pepper • Sidney Toler ^ Starts TODAYSunday, March 6, 1938
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Allen Children Will Give Music Program Frances and David Allen, children of Dr. and Mrs. F. J. Allen, of the chemistry department, will present a musical program this afternoon at 4 p. m. in the Union music room. Also on the program will be a two-piano number by Frances Allen and Miss Jamieson. The Allen children will play the “English Suite in G” by Bach, “Sonata in F” by Mozart, “Sonata in G” by Haydn, “Two Songs Without Words in F Sharp and A” by Mendelssohn, and “Minuet and Trio” by Schubert.
W A doyrnpour of uproar . .. ready for She giggle hungry worldl
HEPsysn (mom ,^HOWARD HAWKS
PRODUCTION
" With CHMLIE BARRY FITZGERALD H may ROBSON WALTER CATLETT FRITZ FELD Jim
Basketball Men Banquet Tomorrow
EXTRA! “MARCH OF TIME’
Boilermaker Swimmers End Season By Defeating Depauw Tankmen, 61-22
Coach Larry LaBree’s Boilermaker swimmers won every first place in the season’s final dual meet with Depauw yesterday in the Fieldhouse to take the meet, 61-22. Lahey, the Purdue 50 yard and 100 yard free style man, carried off the individual hopors of the day by taking first place in both of his events. In the 440 yard free style, John Graham defeated his only rival, Leslie of Depauw, by about 40 yards. Salsbury, of Depauw, was the only visitor to give the Boilermakers any trouble, but his stamina always failed him near the finish. The summaries: 300 Yard Medley Relay. Won by Purdue (Tredwell, Carr, and Ancker). Time: 3:25.4. 220 Yard Free Style. Won by Armstrong (P); second, Harris (P); third, Coons (D). Time: 2:36.4. 50 Yard Free Style. Won by Lahey (P); second, Salsbury (D); third. Fuller (P), Time::26.2. Diving. Won by Craig (P); second, Wildhack (P); third, Jerome (D). 100 Yard Free Style. Won by Lahey (P); second, Joward (P);
third, Salsbury (D). Time: :57.2. 150 Yard Back Stroke. Won by Kerber (P); second, Gardner (P); third, Kiger (D). Time: 1:51.2. 200 Yard Breast Stroke. Won by Van Delester (P); second, Ohmans (D); third, Castle (D). Time: 3:1. 440 Free Style. Won by Graham (P); second Leslie (D). Time: 5:41. 400 Yard Relay. Won by Purdue (Fuller, Howard, Armstrong, and Marshall). Table Tennis Tomorrow—4 o’clock Phi Gamma Delta, Sigma Phi Epsilon, Phi Kappa Psi, Alpha Chi Rho, Pi Kappa Phi, Theta Xi will be matched 'at table. Show up or forfeit. Sigma Nu vs. Sigma Chi. Delta Upsilon vs. Sigma Alpha Mu.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
132 Vine St.
W.
Lafayje
tte
641 Main St. Lafayette
We give special alteation to formal clothes. Send us your dress suits, shirts and collars. And you'll be well pleased with the way we do them. ladies' formats are handled with the greatest of care. Call 3085 AMERICAN LAUNDRY
Badminton Team Edges Out ISorthwestern, 5-4; Billings Wins Play-Off Purdue’s badminton team did its part in humbling the Wildcat school, yesterday, when it defeated Northwestern’s squad by a score of five matches to four. In the singles matches, Romanowich and Goldstein won over their opponents by scores of two to nothing. Billings and Snyder lost, scoring no points while their Wildcat competitors netted two apiece. Doublea Matches Douglas and Johnson started the doubles for Purdue and won two to one. Hargesheimer and Williams dropped their match by a one-set margin, one to two. Duplicating the lead of Douglas and Johnson, Billings and Goldstein won their match, two to one, leaving the score Purdue 4, Northwestern 4, at the end of the regular matches. Billings, of Purdue, played Milne, of Northwestern, to determine the final winner between the two schools. Billings won, two to nothing, to put Purdue out in front by the final score of five to four. The University squad will meet the Chicago Badminton Club today at the Maywood Armory. Friternities Prepare For Volleyball Games Fighting for additional participation points in the annual fraternity participation contest, Greek volleyball teams will swing into action this week. Each teaifi entered in the tourney will hdye a chance yo play a practice game on Thursday or Friday between 4 and 6 o’clock at the gymnasium. Teams not showing up for practice games will have to arrange for their own practice.
ARC
TODAY & MONDAY
with RICARDO CORTEZ and GAIL PATRICK
Lions' Club Will Sponsor 16th Annual Dinner In Union Ballroom At 6:30 Boilermaker basketball team members will be guests of honor at the 16th annual post-season Lions’ Club banquet in the ballroom of the Memorial Union building tomorrow evening at 6:30. Emphasizing entertainment more than long speeches. Prof. Ben Petty, highway engineer in .the civil school, will act as master of ceremonies. Prof. Justus Rising, practical mechanics instructor, is in* charge of arrangements. To Award Letters Major and minor letters along with freshman-varsity numerals will be awarded and an honorary captain for the season just past will be elected. Music Director A1 Stewart will be on hand to conduct group singing and to lead the Glee Club in several selections. Fred Baase, of the Purdue band, will play several xylophone solos, while the West Lafayette High School male quartet will round out the musical portion of the program. Tickets selling at $1.10 are on sale at Decker’s, Deac’s, and at Southworth’s, and may be secured from members of the Lafayette Lions’ Club.
Baskdbill
Tomorow Court 3—Aronson-Miehael 5:00—Sigma Pi vs. SAE. Court 1—Juillard 7:00—Cary Hall N2 vs. Cary Hall N3. 7:15—Ward 7 vs. Ward 14. 8:25—Phi Gamma Delta vs. Sigma Chi. 8:40—Cary Hall 5 vs. Cary Hall 4. Court 2—Gale 7:00—Cary Hall N1 vs. Cary Hall E3. 7:15—Cary Hall 2 vs. Cary Hall 3. 8:25—Ward 8 vs. Ward 13. 8:40—Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Sigma Nu. Court 3—Aronson 7:00—Cary Hall E2 vs. Cary Hall Annex. 7:15—Ward 4 vs. Ward 2A. 8:25—Ward 7A vs. Ward 10. > Eds To Hear Dr. Rice A! Marital Lecture Dr. B. Rice will address men students Tuesday at 4 p. m. in the Education Building lecture room. Dr. Rice, members of the state board of health and the Indiana University school of medicine, will speak on “Marriage from the Viewpoint of a Man Physician.” This is Dr. Rice’s sixth year as a lecturer on the marital series. He is a very frank speaker on the subject of sex and marriage.THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
Sunday, March 6, 1938
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Mam street.
Notices
Purdue Union of Jewish Youth: Meeting Sunday, March 6, in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union at 3 p m —HONOROFF
Purdue Lutheran Students Club: Entertainment program in the faculty lounge Sunday March 6, at 7 30 p m —BRANDT, PULTZ
Alpha Phi Omega: Initiation Sunday, March 0, in looms 1 and 2 of the Union at 5 p m —WADLEIGH WAA Volleyball: Games to be played Monday, March 7 . 4 00 p m —Freshman 1 vs Junior 1 , Freshman 2 vs Sophomore 2 4 30 p m —Freshman 2 vs Senior —RODERICK Greencastle Pastor To Address Wesley Group At Banquet Tuesday “The Set of the Sails” is the title of the talk Rev. C. M. McClure, pastor of the Methodist Episcopal Church of Greencastle, will deliver at the annual Wesley Foundation banquet Tuesday evening at 6 o’clock in the Home Economics cafeteria. Rev. McClure is connected with Depauw University. As an appropriate setting for the theme of the talk, a nautical atmosphere will prevail in the decorations and the menu. Group singing, accompanied by Williams McEachron’s orchestra, will follow the banquet. Farewell addresses to the seniors in‘the Foundiation will be given by Rev. McFadden, student pastor, and Mrs. McFadden. One hundred and twenty tickets for the banquet are on sale at the Foundation house for 60 cents each. John Niles Will Sing in Concert Tuesday Singer John Jacob Niles, of Louisville, Ky., will present a concert of folk songs and ballads before the University Club in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building at 8:30 o’clock Tuesday evening. Niles will accompany himself on a dulcimer, forerunner of the modern piano, during his program of folk music from England and this country. His selections will include several spirituals from the South, English ballads, carols, and several compositions of his own. He has made a life study of folk music, interrupted only by service as an aviator during the World War.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
BOLD and BLACK
For proof of the fact that Debris big shot, Arthur Albert Siebenthal, is either married or should be, we offer these facts: 1. He has had no dates on the campus since Christmas. 2. He has left every Friday afternoon for the last six weeks . . . to re-appear faithfully every Monday. 3. At a recent Theta trade dinner Art continually discussed the “social effect of a nurse in the home.” 4. He spent the night of August 24th in the company of one said “nurse.” Where? ? ? ? ? 5. Spent last night in Chicago where he met a ceitain young nurse last evening. T. W. T. (Time Will Tell) And among the many sweet shop boys who are looking their best these days with those smart looking stiff collars is Publicity Hound McGhee ... he makes a much better appearance than he did in that semi-nude formal portiait that appeared in the Razzle Sheet. Big Shot Zachary offeied to bet all comers $5.00 per each last
League Adors To Give Plays For Church Club Epworth League will present two one act plays at their regular Sunday evening club program tonight at 6:15 in the Methodist Episcopal Church. “We Reach for the Stars” and “The Toast” are the two plays to be given. “We Reach for the Stars” is a hospital story; “The Toast” concerns newspapers. John Oswalt, Cornelia Caldwell, and Roberta Walter are in the prominent roles of the first play, and Russell Luke, Jim Ludbeig, and Fairie Totten in the second. According to Rev. McFadden, the meeting will be over by 7‘30 Alpha Phi Omega ... . . . national scouting honoiaiy, will hold initiation ceiemonies this afternoon at 5 o’clock in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union for upperclassmen pledges. At 7:30 p. m. the fraternity will have a banquet for all members in the faculty lounge of the Union Building.
night that one Lillian Peterson is in Chicago this week-end buying a trousseau .. . What do you know about it Zach ?
CECIL B. OEMILLE’S
il
fV
KING OF KINGS Amazes and Charms the World
This epoch-making, unrivalled film production is preeminently the greatest picture ever screened; breaking all box office records wherever shown. Hundr^s are turned away. Contains a thousand scenes of beauty and power
that will live forever in the hearts of mankind.
STARTING
MONDAY, MARCH 7 St. Paul Methodist Church Tippecanoe and Eleventh Sts., Lafayette, Ind. Free Admission at Door of the Church Expenses Paid by Silver Offering AFTERNOON PERFORMANCES 1:45 P. M. EVENING PERFORMANCES 7:30 P. M. Sponsored by Christian Expansion Organization Non-Sectarian
"RIGHT THIS WAY, FOLKS" No circus barker ever had half as much to tc^k about as we do with our Ice Cream and Milk shakes. It's a sensation—it's colossal—it's stupendous—it's astounding Try some and see for yourself
FAIRMAN BROS. ICE CREAM
WEST LAFAYETTE
* the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
Bookstores
“DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
— LocksmithF. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths Antomobile key and lock aerrice our specialO'. L. C. N. Door Closer Distrlbators 208-211 N. 5th St, Phone 2828 — Dine —
Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERBHDW. 822 MAIN
Printing —
SUDDEN n^RiNTING
Pr ' ■ s
DINE DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Lindbergh Road Have Your BEST MEAL at the NU CHINA cafe; 409 Columbia
SERVICE _
^Office Stationery.. Weddins Invitations
PHONE - Sales Book,.Etc.... 2 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408 FERRY — Beauty Studio —
•
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE
•
Co-ed Special, Thurs. - Fri. KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phene 7727 Furniture Student Equipment 3>WmiiuM Qo. 425 Columbia St. Phone 2728 — Florist — dbih J’Jbii&i Inc. 83S Main SL in Lana Theatre BniWiiq
f 1
>>