Sports Edition
£)ae/y Sinc^ /
Volumd 52, No. 42
West Lafayette. Indiana
Well, we fiaye a good band. And besides Fardue's an educational institution.
Sunday. October 27, 1940
litzkrier Beats Boilermakers
Weary Alumni End Busy ^^tSCOnSUI ScoreS Two ToUchdowns Program This Afternoon In Final Minutes To Grab 14-13 Victory
Over a thousand alumni wandered back to the Boilermaker campus this week-end to see the “scenes of old Purdue” and the many familiar faces that always accompany a homecoming gathering. They came from as far back as the class of ’84 and had traveled from all parts of the countrjr to be on hand for the
boistrous and sentimental Riveter reunion.
They Bring Their Women
Quite a few of them brought their wives and children along with them, and many a fraternity man got that “gawd! what a babe” look in his eyes when some of the old timers wandered back to the chapter house with their daughters. Even some of the younger grads became a little distracted over the attentions being showered on their wives, and galloped madly around trying to keep their throat-cutting brothers from having too good a time at the Homecom-
ing festivities. Oldest Grad
The honor of being the oldest registered grad this year went to Harry E. Rank, who was handed his sheepskin back in 1884. Bennett Taylay, who managed to get out of here in ’87, was the next in line, while the class of ’91 was the first to register more than two members. As usual, last year’s class managed to have the largest group around for the week-end, while the^lads who were seniors in 1911 showed up with the biggest turnout of the older home-
comers.
There was no lack of festivities planned for the returning alumni this year, and many of them were ready to fold-up after yesterday’s and Friday’s activities. The first get- - together and inspection of the campus took place Friday afternoon, after which both the Fieldhouse and the girls’ gym put on several exhibitions. ^ The class of 1916, celebrating their silver anniversary, were honored at tha^nanual Alumni Banquet held in the Union Friday night, and later on many of the returners spent their first night on the Boilermaker campus in many a year. The pep session, the mixer, and the Blazer, were a few of the things indulged in by the slowly-growing batch of alumni. Classes Meet Another get-together in the Union and several athletic events were the main theme of those who managed to get up Saturday morning. (Continued on page 4)
Ellis Named To ASCE Executive Committee Chas. A. Ellis, professor of structural engineering, has recently been appointed to the executive committee of the structural division, American Society of Civil Engineers. In charge of the elqven committees serving in the field of structural engineering, the five man executive committee consist? of two well known desiging engineers, the chief engineer of the American Bridge Company, a Yale university civil engineering professor, and Prof. Ellis—all serving five year terms, a.
p.h.
To All Students: It should be understood that any Hallowe’en rioting on the part of students will not be condoned by the University, Notice is now given that any student of the University guilty of participation in any rash rioting or any damage to property will not be considered as eligible to remain in the University.
Edward C. Elliott,
President. ^
Theta Chi's, Pi Phi's Decorations Win Homecoming Cups For the second year in succession. Theta Chi fraternity is the proud possessor of the cup awarded to the fraternities of the/«-campus as an award for the best Homecoming decoration. In the sorority division. Pi Beta Phi took top honors, winning the second of the two annual cups.
Boiler Builders
The theme of the Theta Chi decorations was a vast plant used to convert the scrap iron ‘of the Big Ten into boilers, and the extensive layout was spread along the Vine Street frontage of the fraternity. A giant hand of cards with the words, “It’s in the cards” with a flanking sign listing the combinations of poker in terms of the Boilermaker gridders was the prize winner for
the Pi Phi’s.
The judging committee broke tradition, this year, by giving several honorable mentions in each divisions. The reason for the break was the great number of exhibits that the committee felt deserving of some kind of recognition. Beta Theta Pi, whose display was the guillotine from Dickens’ “A Tale of Two Cities,” Kappa Sigma with an elaborate waterfall. Pi Kappa Phi showing a fashionable country club, and Alpha Sigma Phi displaying an appropriate theme were declared winners of the honor able mention award. Alpha Chi Omega, whose front-yard full of live monkeys created an uproar on the campus, was the recipient of the same award among the
sprorities.
Judging Committee The committee of judges was made up of: Mrs. J. S. Morrison of Lafayette, Professor G. M. Frier of the School^^of Agriculture and Lloyd Moser, prominent Lafayette architect. Originality, appropriateness and presentation were the points the judging was based upon in each of the two judging trips. Friday night and Saturday morning, the committee toured the campu?, turning scrutinizing eyes upon the exhibits of the houses. One of the most important points that the judges looked for was the themes fitting into the traditions and ideals of the school. Lighting" and lettering also received a good percentage of the grading points, j.d.f. Additional Convo Tickets Plated On Sale Tomorrow According to an announcement yesterday by Professor J. T. Gunn, chairman of the convocations committee, a small number of tickets for the Indianapolis Symphony performance at the next convo, November 19, will be placed bn sale tomorrow in the Music Hall ticket office. Prof. Gunn stated that faculty members and the general public may'secure tickets for the remainder of the scheduled convos, as well, for $4,50. The tickets are being placed on sale because students have not filled the
seats.
By JOE DOLAN
(Exponent Sports Editor)
The Sunday morning quarterback club met this morning to hang “Tex” Smerke in effigy because the sophomore signal caller called an “un-equitable” play in the last fourteen seconds with his team leading 13-7. But as for myself, that little fellow from the Texas plains can do all the signal calling he wants to from now on, simply because he wasn’t to blame for Wisconsin’s “Hollywood finish” anymore than was the kid selling cokes standing in front of us as the last fatal step was taken by a Wisconsin player. Incidentally, Wisconsin defeated Purdue yesterday 14-13—almost forgot. Quiet, Please
For three quarters yesterday, Ross-Ade stadium was deader than the geometric center of a vacuum as both teams played sterotyped football, first one threatening and then the other. Red Carter lugged the leather 57 yards on one run during the initial quarter to place the ball on the Wisconsin 10 yard stripe, but this effort ended when John Petty cultimated three line inefficaciousness by place-kicking an attempted field goal into the
deflecting arms of Wisconsin linemen. __________________________________ Awaken Kiddos
Axton, Petty Help Andy Score
Exponent Photograph hy Archibald ^ Pictured above is as great a block as any photographer would ever dream of snapping. It shows 170 pound Ted Axton, Purdue center, putting a rather decisive detour to the route of one Elmer Tornow, 219 pound senior tackle, Wisconsin’s last defender during Anderson’s 62 yard waddle during the final quarter. Between the fleeing Anderson and Axton’s victim is the huge John Petty, who had just completed a standing block of Wisconsin’s right
side line-backer, j.p.d.
Riveter Cross Country Squad Conquers Badger Team 25-32 Infatiguible Captain Ed Holderman led Knox of Wisconsin to the tapfe by a strong hundred yards to pace the Boilermaker thinlies to their second victory of the season and their first win over a Wisconsin cross country contingent since the series began seven years ago. The Riveters finished five men within the first eight places to hand the Madison lads a stinging defeat to the
tune of 26-32.
Beginning at the north goal post in the Ross-Ade Recreational Field ■ during the second half of the frosh intra-squad tilt, the race progressed over the usual course, with the finish down the middle of the gridiron and the finishing tape hanging between the south posts. The runners finished amid the encouraging cries of the cross-country-football alumni
enthusiasts.
Always Holderman The lanky Boilermaker leader from Escanaba, Michigan, took the lead shortly after the beginning of the test, and was never seriously threatened, although Wisconsin’s Knox trailed for the entire three and one half miles. By chalking up the Badger win, Ed copped his fourth consecutive win of the year and avenged the defeat at Madison last year by Mehl, the only defeat he has -ever suffered in intercollegiate cross country competition. The time for the race was 18 minutes and 43 seconds, just one second more than his course record. Following doggedly on the heels of Knox and Holderman was Riveter Chuck Reeves to cop the third place honor. Two Badgers, Schoeniki and Lohr, followed in fourth and fifth places. ^ A quartet of Gold and Black runners placed next, with McLaughlin, Appleton, Stanley, and Shulman finishing in this order. The final trio of Badgers, Gerhardt, Bradley, and
Corrigan, straggled in for the final
three positions.
Reeves ran one of the best races of his career, moving up from seventh to third in the final mile and a half to finish strong before the cheering Homecoming crowd. Sophomores Stanley and Appleton also covered the course in nice form.
Two And Two
The Boilermaker squad now holds a record of two wins and two losses for^^the 1940 season. Opening with a loss to Indiana, the runners came back strong to defeat Pitt, only to lose an extremely close race to Ohio State last week. Next week-end the cross country team will journey to Detsoit to engage a highly touted Wayne sextet. p.c.j. Entomology Men Attend Conference J. J. Davis and G. E. Lehker, df the Entomology department, C. F. Burkholder and M. McCowan of the Horticulture department, and R. C. Baines of the Botany department will attend the annual conference of Indiana and Illinois entomologists, horticulturists and plant pathologists tomorrow at Vincennes. The purpose of the conference is to plan spraying schedules for the coming
year, d.e.b.
Variety Program In Union Music Room This Afternoon At 4 For the especial benefit of all Homecoming alumni and visitors, selected members of the University orchestra will present an all instrumental variety program consisting of a well-rounded selection of music this afternoon at 4 p. m. in the Music Room of the Union building. * Highlights of this afternoon’s program will be several selections by a string quartet. A violin solo, a violin duet, two marimba solos, two marimba duets, and a trumpet trio will round out the program. Today’s Presentation The program for this afternoon will be: , Overture Handel-Pochon Scherzando AlbrechtsbergerPochon Scarf Dance . . Chaminade-Stoessel String Quartet Vernon Westburg.... Violin Phyllis Baker Violin Gene Kinelski Viola Paul Seehausen .,’Cello The Flight of the Bumble Bee .... Rimsky-Korsakoff My Heart at Thy Sweet Voice (Samson et Dalila) .. Saint - Saens Marimba Solos Barbara Heide Concerto for Two Violins .... Bach Arthur Bell, Martha Moon Mrs. Joseph M. Ragaips, Accomp. Triplets of the Finest.. Hennenberg Trumpet Trio Robert Bond Merle Anderson Don Frier Mrs. Joseph M. Ragains, Accomp. Alt Wein Godowsky-Heifetz Violin Solo, Vernon Westbm-g Joanne Lloyd, Accompanist Dark Eyes Russian Folk Tune Santa Lucia - Neapolitan Boat Song ' Marimba Duet Marjorie Bradshaw \ Madgel Bradshaw Those who will present this program have been especially selected from the rolls of the University orchestra directed by Joseph Ragains. The orchestra has been busily rehearsing twice a week for the last six weeks and promises to have a successful season. 1,847 Students . . . and" alTimni danced to the strains of Maury Mahns and his campus orchestra yesterday. An estimated 1,200 persons attended the tea dance immediately after the game yesterday, and approximately 337 couples were present at last night’s mixer. c.a.s-e.w.n.
Purdue’s rooting section awoke from three quarters of lethargic fandom at the start of the fourth quarter, and the stimulation was like unto a shot of adrenalin to the Purdue backfield. John Zuck’s yell leading efforts encouraged a Galvin pass to find a Mr. John Petty that was good for 20 yards and a first and ten on the Badger 25 yard line. On a couple of plays later, with Purdue now quite out of bed, John Galvin got himself well situated in the wake of Petty’s convoy in pay dirt direction, by route of left end. The convoy was broken up by some pesky Badgers, but Galvin shot over the goal line with what seemed to be enough points to win any ball game played yesterday in Ross-Ade stadium. Petty’s educated toe placed kicked the extra point and everybody began to see visions of a grand and glorious homecoming, but fate is a fickle thing. This Is Moider The Boilermaker crowd settled back in their seats to watch Purdue’s great line hold the Badgers at bay for the remaining twelve minutes, but all the ingredients of an old fashion melodrama, far out of the vision of even Frank Merriwell’s authorship were about to be depicted for 25,000 lucky grid fans who can go home and tell the kiddies about a real grid finish. Exaggeration about those last twelve minutes can be written or related. Axton’s Block Just to put things “on ice,” reserve halfback Anderson, who was (Continued on page 4)
Night Editor's Corner
Boy, this has been aTDante’s Inferno of a day. Nobody is happy except the winning freshman football team, the cross country squad, and the 13 stags that got super dates while wolfing at the tea dance yesterday afternoon. No (me else seems to be having any fun—especially us. Being sports editors, we aren’t used to staying up this late and it has us worried. some ungodly reason, somebody decided to have one of the periodic sports editions today and we were elected. Not that we had dates anyhow, but it is just the principle of the thing—vn don’t know what to do. Then to make matters worse, the number three cohort, Bob Swaim, went to Indianapolis on a love cam^ paign. All of which makes us very jealous because the only things that we have firound here are a few worn out typewriters. j.f.a.-p.c4.-j-TK ■ -W-
% A
<' iJ;
^ V
feflK J
f p
f n
/
'4 V
/V ,<•,<" ',7^1 tpr:-^"y:f''^:' * A <; '4" . ’ A S. * ■*^,1 'l(i ^ f
■‘’I J. f, /
(•
PURDUE EXPONENT
Sutidoy, October 27, 1940
A
5^ Coiimiii
We wuz blitzkrieged. In tiue Hitlei style And we don’t like it We feel like we wuz gyped A lot of other people must have felt thatw^ too At least it seemed so We never knew so many p^ple • ^ Could make so little noise. + * * ^ All in all it was a gieat game, though. Even if it did lack the finishing touches. Not on the field, we mean But in the grand stand We’ve always been accustomed to moie entertainment In the past Every game there used to be A couple of good fights. * * * And for $2 76 we maintain there ought to be a few extia attractions. For the people who don’t like football. * * * The band played, too. We like the band But not their repertoire. And it’s not really the music we don’t like, either. They played it fine. The pieces were all fine, too. But what with “Hail Purdue,” and the national anthem, and “God Bless America.” We began to feel like a jumping jack. ♦ ♦ ♦ On top of that we had to sit on the Wisconsin side. And stand for “On Wisconsin.” * * * Then every time there was a good play We stood Not because we wanted to But we had to see Think
The Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for In section 1108, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3 00 per year, mail subscription $8 60. Editor-in-Chief _ __ B.W. Donahue Business Manager „ — - Merle Hagemeyer Publication Staff News Editor _ _ — - J. H McKee Managing Editor ~ „ D K. Heiple Associate Editors W. E. Heaton, N A Ochiltree, J A Purcell, L. W. Euffner, R M. Skallerup, J, L Traugott Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D S Powers, 6. C Landers , Promotion Manager, C E. Danglemajer, Accounts Manager, R. J Shadford, Circulation Manager, R. M Rectenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor _ „ Beth Simpson Associate Editors. Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor 4- - — J P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O Bwaim. — — 1 Phones: Ediorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Repreeentativea, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editors—Adamson and Johnson Assistant Night Editors—E C Young, C A Etoeckel, B D Spofford D W Meier, J D Fraser
how much mcer\it would be if everyone would just stay put Plus the saving of wear and tear on the stadium It was a tough afternoon And with the present condition of our feet and our joints We’re going to instigate a new tradition Of sitting on our constitutional rights.—dkh
As The Editor Sees It.
Well, Nobe, we tried but it just wasn’t in the cards for us to win today, even for you. We scored twice and we hollered our lungs out but somehow we just didn’t have what it takes. We aren’t complaining, mind you, we remember too well the example that you set for us. But something’s wrong, Nobe. You* can almost feel it. We’ve had more than our share of injuries these past few weeks but we’ve had injuries before and come through in the pinches. Did you hear the band play for you, Nobe. Kinda made it hard to swallow for a little while but we kept our chin up. We miss you, Nobe, in more ways than one. The Cary Hall boys did it again With their card trick. It might have possibilities and they deserve credit for their effort. Rumor has it that they put on their little stunt with the gold and black ckrds without any practice. With a little more work they should really have something for Dad’s day. The band finally got around to playing the “Star Spangled Banner” and they raised the flag, too. Bravo! On the other hand they almost caused us to bust a blood vessel with “God Bless America.” Which reminds us of the convocation the other night with John Charles Thomas. We
Notices
No notices received after 8 p. m. PIA Men’s Choms: Rehearsal will be held Monday, October 28, at 7 30 p m in room 307 of the Union Everyhody be there. —SMULBVITZ.
Reamer Club* Regular meeting Monday, October 28, at 7 16 p m in room 806 Union Pledges report at 7 46 —Rohlin
Engineer Freshmen: Editorial workers report at the office at 4 o’clock on Monday, October 28 ^ Important. —GALE
Cosmopolitan Club. Initiation 8 p m, Sunday, October 27, in room 304 of the Union —coR'nssoz
Lutheran Students • Meeting at 9 80 a. m Sunday, October 27, at the house of Rev H C Stalldorf, 626 N 9th St, Lafayette —MEGOFF. PIA Board* Regular meeting at 4 15 p m Monday, October 28, in the PIA office —MUSSER
ASME: All memhers who signed at the initial meeting for membership cards and emblems may get them at Professor Cope's office any day this week eicept Friday from 9 to 10 a. m. —COOLEY.
Sophomore Union Workers: Will the following please report to the Union office
SCA Members: Credit Union meeting will be held Monday, October 28, at 8 30 p m. in the Wesley Foundation House. -BELCHER
Radio Club Meetmg Tuesday, October 29, room 134, EE building P H Reedy will speak on Resistance-Capacitance Audio Mter Units " Use north door —^FREED
ARC
— TODAY-MONDAY
fiVCUmi KPKRS ATHOME
A MYTH IS AS GOOD AS A MALE!
KdlMTfS STARTS TODAY M ■ns mmKtmm MMl
Jimsilif Jalk
were a little disappointed with his selections for the program: It seemed a little TOO informal to us. Not that we didn’t like the folk songs and the ballads but we also like to hear a few more “long haired” selections when a man of his caliber comes around. We thought for a minute there near the end of the program that he too was going to break into “God Bless America.” Then we would have been happy. It certainly feels good to walk through the halls of the Union and see so many faces that we’ve missed; to walk up and grasp their hand and welcome them back. Some of them we know well; others we smile or mumble our way through the greetings, but it all means that we’re glad to have the Alumni back. Some of the older and more prosperous ones that we don’t know catch our attention while we speculate as to which companies they head. You can tell them by the cigars they sftioke and the Willkie buttons that they are wearing. Or are those class numerals? It’s rather confusing these days. That photo finish by Wisconsin didn’t do our morale much good but it didn’t spoil the weekend happenings too much at least not for those who attended Playshop and the Homecoming mixer last night. Gosh, when are we going to get some studying done?
Yesterday’s football game up in Ross-Ade stadium is only paralleled by the Rose Bowl finish of two seasons ago when Doyle Nave passed to Antelope A1 Kruger to defeat an apparent winner, Duke, in the last seconds. But there was no cussing of quarterbacks, coaches, and team play out there on the coas^t as I have had to listen to for the past twelve hours following that debacle Wisconsin invoked upon Purdue’s homecoming footlball squad. First of all, I have heard Fred “Tex” Smerke flayed right and left for his decision to allow his hacks to carry the ball instead of punting on fourth down with 14 seconds remjaining against the Badgers. If we stop and look at the smart side of Smerke’s move, we And him doing just what the football encyclopedia would advise in such a situation, but even our most brilliant moves sometimes back-fire. What if Smerke had ordered a punt; heaven forbid. Then Purdue would have lofted the ball high in the air for the Wisconsin backfield to run back. The effect would have been the same as ordering a pass, something a grade school qfiarterback would know enough to veto. Instead Smerke called a line play that was to occupy at least a portion of the 14 remaining seconds, and it did. But that one remaining play was one that clicked-—' and for forty yards, too. One chance in a thousand worked for the Badgers. So for intelligence sakes, lay off the quarterback, and Coach Elward, too. Coach Elward is definitely taking it on the chin from the “quarterback” association for taking his “first stringers” out of the contest AFTER THE FOURTH WAS UNDER WAY. All that substitution meant to this writer was Elward’s congenial attitude of consideration of those men on the bench who were eager to enter the game to perform before the alums and their folks. It also showed that Coach Elward is no slave driver nor adherent of epicurism. Certainly, Coach Elward made substitutions after the quarter had started, but the thing was half-way played, the score was 13-0, and the men he substituted had previously been in the game, handling Wisconsin offensive efforts exactly as their predecessors had done before them. And Elward, thinking only of the alumni and players, with victory so near and defeat so far, sought to give action to the bench jockies and a better look at the squad to the alumni. You didn’t think Wisconsin would tie, score one marker, or even get close to scoring territory, and Coach Elward is just as human as you, and in a few situations we all think alike. Let’s think twice before we go advocating the dismissal of the grandest coach in football, the man whose football team has outplayed every opponent this season, the fellow who refuses to belittle, for purposes of so-called strategy, a team that deserves the ch,ief’s confidence and encouragement, the coach who scorns camouflage and subtlety, and the coach that thinks more of the student body than that body themselves. That’s coach Elward, persons; the fellow who has never heard the word “moral victory,” and he could certainly employ that type of victory made so famous by the clan of Dr. Hutchins and his type of quitters. No, for Purdue’s sake, let’s not dismiss men like Football Coach Elward—diet’s find more like him. His methods and technique are magnificent.—^j.p.d.
Classified Ads Bn8»-Rent-A-Car Seririce. Cars for all occasions. Min $2 60 all night Phone, 2407.
Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired All makes of portable typewriters, |29 76 to $69 60. Office supplies Mimeograph and multigraph work C F Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779
Lost: Gold ring with large blue green stone in Union Tuesday Finder please cffil room 1101 WRH , Lost; dreen and black fountain pen in or between the library and Union buildings Tuesday about 9pm Reward Call 41204. Lost: Phi Kappa Sigma fraternity pin in vicinity of PK8 house or WRH South R^ ward offered Call *4061, Evers.
Lost* Phi Kappa Sigma fraternity pm in vicinity of PKS house or WRH South Reward offered Call 4fe01 —^Evers
Lost: Brown billfold containing passport and driver’s license Reward, Butz. Phone 7242 ;
Scriveners: Meeting at 7 30 p m Sunday, October 27, in room 261 of the Union Bring manuscripts —RIEGLE
at 7 16 p m Election of officers will be held —REYNOLDS
Monday at 4 00 for an important committee meeting Sieb, R E Smith, Ware, Gillespie, Creel, Crown, Murill, Silva, Hague, Deuster, Jewett, Gehnke, Steck, and Lloyd —BRANDT
All Exponent Sophomores All sophomores on the editorial staff report to Exponent offices in the Union Monday October 28 at 4 p m Be there r —DONAHUE
PIA Dancers Class meets in the north ballroom of the Union Monday October 28 at 7 30 p m Tickets will be sold at the door —HUMPHREY
Purdue Christian Foundation Meeting in room 306 of the Union Tuesday October 29
Kappa Beta • Meeting Monday ) October 28, at 9 p m at 130 Andrew Place —THOMAS
NOW PLAYING “ FHEV MADE HIM FAMOUS ...HE MADE THEM MEN!
PAT O'BRIEN
GALE PAGE-RONALD REAGAN DONALD CRISP
pi A Dancers: Get your tickets before Monday, October 28, in the PIA office —HUMPHREY
LUMA TODAY-MON.—2 H|-^!
PLUS—2ND FEATURE r "WE DON’T CJWK WHftTftNyBODY
ISA wim
A*WARNER IROS,-F|ritvNiiti»n.lif!jctu«
mi MITCHELL- NANA BRYANT-JOHN UTEI
STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATjLJREAMERICA’S LEADING LOVE TEAM IN THE COMEDY HIT OF 19381
ADOLPH ZUKOR PRESENTS CLAUDETTE and GARY COLBERT-COOPER BLUEBEARDS EIGHTH WIFE A Paramount Picture with EDWARD EVERETT HORTON DAVID NIVEN • LUIS ALBERNI ELIZABETH PATTERSON Produced and Directed by ERNST LUBITSCH
An
41
i I
I'
4^1
1 J 4Riveters Play At Iowa Homecoming Saturday
From one homecoming to another is the prospect of Mai Elward’s battered squad as they ^tart preparations for their invasion trip to Iowa City next'^Saturday. A Hawkeye homecoming will be something new for a Boilermaker football team, because it is the first time that they have appeared before an alumni honoring crowd at Iowa/University. Last year, Dr. Eddie Anderson’s miracle men spoiled a Gold and Black homecoming day by beating a veteran Riveter eleven, 4 to 0. The Iowa boys will be a severely ^
bruised outfit when they face next Saturday’s kick-off, for^ yesterday they ran into the voluminous bulk of Bemie Bierman’s weighty line. When the final gun sounded with the Hawkeyes on the short end of a 34 to 6 scor^ the corn state boys were reeling drunkenly from a terrific beating administered by the Minnesota line, a 214 pound affair from end to end. Despite the lop-sided score, the Iowa boys left a lasting impression on the minds of the 60,000 homecoming fans in Memorial Stadium, in St. Paul. They not only fought furiously from gun to gun, but they also managed to dent the impenetrable Gopher line for one touchdown, a feat which placed the name of Bill Green on top of the Big Ten individual scoring list. Next week it will be the enduring Riveter line, which has proved itself to be one of the toughest I in the league, that the Hawkeyes will attempt to go through or around. One of the flashiest offensive systems in the Big Ten will be exploded before the Boilermaker invaders when the Hawkeyes get possession of the ball. The loss of Kinnick has had little effect on the team, except that his inspired leadership has been
The Riveters are planning on busting one of Iowa’s proudest records in the coming battle, for the Hawkeyes have a string of six straight victories in their home stadium since the last home loss to Nebraska in 1938. A sellout crowd is expected to witness the struggle which will feature a performance by the famous 120 piece band and Scottish Highlanders bagpipe unit, during the haff-time intermission.
ANNOUNCING ....
Reduced Rates
for
Classified Ads
WHETHER
IT BE FOR SALE
FOR RENT
FOR TRADE-
Ifou’ll be certain to contact your better market through the new classified ad columns of the Exponent. Ads taken at the Union Desk or at the Business office 312 No. Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana.
the Purdue Exponent
An Irishmans Illusions
Michigan, Notre Dame Still On Title Paths; \ Fordham In Big Upset
By Joseph Patrick Dolan
missed on several occasions. The capable backfield sports a combination of speed, power, and deception that is respected by all opponents. ' The Iowa passing game is built around Nile Kinnick’s successor, a hefty halfback named Bob Bender who knows now to pitch a pigskin in the most approved manner. As a climax runner, the backfield has Burdell Gilleard who has broken loose for touchdowns seveifal times this season. Ray Murphy ^and Bill Green are always dangerous, especially when they are operating behind the steam roller blocking of A1 Couppee. Both of these fullbacks have rolled up over 100 yards by rushing in games that' have given the Iowa team a record of two wins and two losses in the 1940 season.
The upset in Ross-Ade stadium wasn’t the only upset quite a few homecoming alumni and townspeople had to swallow yesterday. The announcement of the decoration winners in the fraternity catagory certainly gave the old dope bucket a terrific kick. Incidentally, the ingredients of this column is not necessarily the attitude of the Exponent. But right is right, and wrongs nobody. —I-I — Personally, I think two prominent fraternities, one especially, on the campus were the victim of grand larceny. I don’t give a what-do-you-call-it if they have hula girls swinging the morals of this institution sky high or if water falls do not exactly give the correct effect to a homecoming. I suppose next year will find the Lambda Chis and the Kappa Sigs so disgusted that they will put up the startling statement in their front lawns that today is homecomihg, because this yfear they “failed” to show the “correct” display—^however attractive the two houses’ decorations were. Bosh! -1-1— Personally, I’m prfetty certain the most attractive display is the display attracting the most attention, and the efforts showing the most ingenuity should win the top nod, but from final tabulations, the display showing the “most” something that seems to be mighty intrinsic is the winner. -I-I-It is a concensus of popular opinion that the two fraternities merit the right to “shout” from' their house-tops, “we wuz robbed.” Frankly, I don’t believe in griping, but sometimes the stench of some de-
Michigan 14; Pennsylvania 0 Tommy Harmon stole the show from Penn’s Francis Reagan as the Wolverines decisively whipped one of the best elevens in the east. Harmon had a hand in all of the Michigan scoring. Midway in the first period the Gary, Indiana speedster took a lateral from Forest Evashevski and sped 19 yards to score standing up. He led a second half drive of 68 yards contributing sprints of 23, 10, and 14 yards. The drive ended with his pass to Ed Frutig in the end zone. Harmon also converted after both scores. Penn’s only serious threat bogged down on the Michigan two yard stripe.
Cornell 21; Ohio State 7 The Bucks started fast, driving 89 yards to score in the opening period, but soon wilted before Cornell’s terrific power. Cornell struck back quickly after Jim Langhurst had plunged two yards to open the scoring. Schmuck grabbed Howie McCullough’s pass and raced 26 yards to score, Nick Drahos converting. Lou Bufalino plunged for the Big Red’s second score and after Wally Scholl had dashed 34 yards to the Buckeye six, Bufalino drove over guard for his second touchdown.
Northwestern 20; Indiana 7 A fourth quarter rally brought victory to the Wildcats after they had trailed Indiana at halftime, ’7-6. “Red’.’ Hahnenstein sent the Wildcats into the lead in the second period but the Hoosiers evened the count as Joe Tofil plunged from the one yard line. In the fourth period George Benson ripped over from the (Continued on page 4)
cisions call for some one to put their heel down, whether it’s felt or not. —I-I— And I’ll not apologize or retract a thing. The typewriter’s too hot, or I’d blow some more.
NEW! Modern I Designed to m3ke your daily beauty regime amazingly quick and simple .. .
Coty Clean;5lng Cream.. $2.S0. $1.S0 and $1.00 Coty Skin Freshner $1.50 and $1.00 Coty Conditioning Cre^xi .... $1.75 and $1.00 See these and other new Coty beauty creations today!
Cosmetics
Street Floor
'T
Yearling Intra-Squad Tilt Spotlights Future Stars Andretich Scores First Tally For Victors
By Bud Spofford Scoring in the first and fourth quarters, a powerful Black team defeated a scrappy Gold eleven 15-0 in the annual freshman in-tra-squad game played yesterday morning. Jack Andretich, 180 pound halfback from Chicago, was one of the main factors in the Black victory, scoring the first touchdown himself and passing to Robinson for the other score. The final two points were made two plays after the last tally when stellar left guard. Bill Newell, broke through from the one yard line to nab Bill Stuart behind the goal.
The,boys in Black wasted no tjme in reaching pay dirt and scored eight plays after the opening kick-off. Receiving the ball on the 32, Andretich, Erk, and Robinson hit the line for no gain. Andretich punted to the 16 and in the ensuing scramble the pigskin was touched by Stauber of the Golds, and Devine recovered for the Black team. On the first down Stuart intercepted a pass on the five to momentarily halt the scoring threat. However, two plays later Brown fumbled on the five yard line and when the heap was untangled the, winning team’s right tackle, Claffey, had the ball. This time they didn’t miss and Andretich skirted the right end to score untouched. Eggleston missed the placement attempt. Almost—:Not Quite The second quarter found twq, entire new teams playing with backfields that had power, shiftiness, and speed. It was in this period that the Gold team set up potential scoring plays only to have their hopes jarred by fumbles. Bill Fields, 167 pound ^laKback from Lafayette, and Bob Bachman, 196 pound fullback from LaPorte, ripped off, one long run after another but it just wasn’t in the cards for them to score. Chester kicked to Fields on the 17 where he was tackled by Toomey. It was the local boy again carrying the ball around end for three yards, picked up six on a reverse off-tackle slant. Quarterback Hajzyk then gave the ball to the plunging Bachman on a reverse that went for first down on the 32. Field’s pass to Bob Britt, end from West Lafayette, was incomplete and on the second down the dependable Bachman reeled off ^ a 17 yard run only to have it called back for clipping. Fields again shot a bullet pass into the fiat zone to Burkhardt, left half, that picked up five yards, and brought the ball up to the 22. At
this point Bachman broke away for 26 yards to the 48 where he was brought down by Bob Chester, former all state halfback from Vincennes. On the second play, Burghardt fumbled and Willey recovered from the Black shirts on the 46. Chester and Green made no gains on successive line plunges and punted to the Gold 20 yard line as the first half ended. Burghardt returned the third period kick-off by Sabonya of the Black team to the 16. Bachman and Fields took up where they left' off with the former driving through to the 31. Fields hit center for five yards and Bachman ripped off another first down to the 43. Then Burghardt, aided by the hard blocking of Stauber and Stuart, went doAvn to the 26 before being stopped by safety man Southworth. A fumble at this point spoiled the last scoring chance by the ^old team and the boys in Black started their touchdown' march that was culminated in the last period. Andretich got away to the 36 followed by a 20 yard run by Chester. Fpur more tries failed to give the adlied yardage and the Gold took over for three plays with Fields demonstrating his triple threat prowess on the last down by sending a 50 yard punt down the field. An aerial from Andretich to Lisstreu made it last and 15. Andretich again took the oval and faded back to his own 45 where he heaved a touchdown pass to Robinson, stellar right half. Sayler kicked the extra point. The safety was scared a few seconds later when Klein fumbled the kick-off and recovered on the five. A penalty put the ball back on the one yard line and on the next play Stuart was caught in the end zone.
ALLE N*;_ SCHOOL OF DANCINCa 226-228 North 6th Street
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY BY ENROLLING IN ,OUR NEW
BEGINNER'S CLASS Wed., Nov. 6, 7:30 p.m.
_ nationally known instructor— P.M.Allen, *—- --
. graduate of Chalif School, New York City. President for past five years of Chicago
National Association.
ADVANCED CLASS OPENS NOV. 7,7:30 P.M. PHONE 2150
'v
Winter’s
Winds are Just at Hand.
Phoiie
Vse Sanitoning for TCour Winter Wardrobe One needs not borrow trouble But, n^tber is it wise . . . To wait to the last minute When the snow begins to flyl Seitd ITs Your TofhCoats I\fow
Ailiiferican Idanndr;^
.ijiaiiiiilii
i ...
~'0^t:‘K?«'^;
km i!' .
jMk'-M: "’•
■||p5!fj
ti'iPkfi ‘ '
fife' VS0k U
PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday', Qctober 27, 1940
#
. W' I . in '
- I-
Alumni Gather In Stadium After Game To Renew Old Friendships
By Don Meier Although deeply disappointed with the results of yesterday’s game most of the returning alumni showed surprisingly good spirit yesterday when they gathered together below the signs bearing the dates of graduation all the way back to 1880. Many of the former Boilennakers tried to explain away the defeat, while others were content with recalling similar occurrandss while they were still undergraduates. Different Now Commenting on the type of football played today as compared to that played when he was a first stringer back in ’15, Bryant Van Aken, father of “Ollie,” who is now a center on the Boilermaker squad, stated that probably the greatest difference between today’s game and that of twenty-five years ago was in the number of available substitutes. While today it is a rather rare occurrance for a player to finish the full sixty minutes of play, two decades ago most of the 11 players starting the game also finished it. The elder Van Aken played both end and halfback positions while on the Riveter team. Another noticeable difference in today’s game as against that of other years, is that of offensive play. Less Passing Then Although “Ollie’s” father admitted that the forward pass was already quite thoroughly developed even during his undergraduate days, he did not believe it was so extensively used as it is today. The same is true, he continued, for the more open type of running plays most offensive strategy being confined to power plays 25 years ago. Only to be duplicated at similar homecoming events was the scene which directly followed yesterday’s game. Old friendships were .renewed as one alum woulc? step up to another and reminisce over undergraduate memories. Williams, Baxter, and Weary Alumni (Continued from page 1) The classes of ’ll and ’16 held luncheons at noon and then everyone drifted over to Ross-Ade Stadium for the somewhat-saddened gridiron affair with Wisconsin. After the game, the classes met out on the field and talked over old times with friends who were practically forgotten. Then to finish yesterday's alumni affairs, many of the “joes” attended last night’s mixer with their wives and daughters amidst the longing looks of a number of the Boilermaker eds. j.f.a. Christian Foundation Wiil Eied Frosh Officers A ineeting to elect the officers of the Purdue Christian Foundation will be held Tuesday evening at 7:15 in room 305 of the Union. The Foundation is a freshman association, and all frosh connected with it are urged to attend. The meeting will last one hour. j.s.k.
Gei’ard, all of the classes around ’14, were probably typical of many of the other returning alums. Recall College Careers After having exchanged greetings they naturally talked a while about common experiences during their college careers. However, before long their line of conversation retui’ned to more recent happenings and inevitably came back to the subject foremost in everyone’s mind; that of the story book ending of the Homecoming battle, d.w.m. Badger Blitzkrieg (Continued from page 1) a dangerous runner all afternoon for Mai’s forces, duck-footed 62 yards for a touchdown, a play which saw Ted Axton, the bravest man on the squad, throw a magnificent block into Elmer Tornow, 219 pound tackle from Madison, just as the big enemy was about to close in on the fleeing Anderson. Petty’s placement was blocked, but who in the hades cared, Wisconsin hadn’t showed anything, and it began to look as if Elward’s gang were taking candy away from a few scarlet clad juveniles. , Elward then substituted his clicking eleven for another eleven that jiad previously clicked, but as far as defense is concerned these Boilermaker replacements had a million bucks for offense, but they couldn’t get the ball, and not one red cent for protection. Tennant Hits ’Em John Tennant, senior halfback, who really likes music better than the grid game, then cut loose with a few short passes that soon had the Badgers in scoring position. A bad pass from center seemed to set the visitors back on their heels when they had the ball first-and-goal on the PU 5, but an overanxious Purdue center was off-side, and the most dubious quartet of officials gave the ball to Wisconsin on Purdue’s one yard line. Bob Ray, Badger sophomore, scored via a broad jump on the next play. Gage kicked the extra point; the score stood 137, and people started for the exits. Three minutes remained. Finish—^Wow! Wisconsin kicked off to the Gold and Blacks. Three plays took the leather to the Purdue 40 yard line and the clock said, “14 seconds remaining.” Another line play was negative of a first down, but who cared, Purdue was stalling for time. There was time for one play. The shot-gun arm of John Tennant drew back for the last play, his marksman eye found the target, Ray Kreick, reserve end on the PU 22 yard -line, and wham=the pass was comr pleted, the score tied, and time up. Sophomore Ray was allowed time to kick the point, and the Badgers went wild, gloom fell over the crowd, and Coach Stuhldreher of the Badgers was assured of one more season at the Wisconsin institution—^he had won a conference game. No Stars For PU Little can be said in the way of brilliant play on the part of any one individual. Tennant was the star of
Michigan, N, D, (Cbntinued from page 3) six yard stripe and a few plays later Jim Smith, Northwestern’s colored end, snagged a blocked punt and scampered 36 yards to score. Notre Dame 26; Illinois 0 Steve Juzwik was the scoring hero as a powerful Irish eleven rolled over the Illini and on toward a national title. Elmer Layden’s second stringers scored in the first period on a short pass, Evans to Bagarus. Then the first team took over and scored in three plays, the third of which was a pass from Bob Saggau to Juzwik. Bernie Crimmins knifed over from three yards out in the second period to end another Irish drive. Saggau and Juzwik sparked a fourth period thrust of 65 yards, Juzwik going over from the six yard stripe. Minnesota 34; Iowa 6 The Gophers spotted Iowa six points as Bill Green dashed 27 yds. to score in the opening period, then turned on the power and crushed the hapless Hawks. Two aerials from Bruce Smith to George Franck resulted in two touchdowns for Minnesota. S’ranck added two more sixpointers in the second half and Steinbauer plunged for the final Gopher tally. Other scores. Santa Clara 0; Mich. St. 0 Nebraska 20; Missouri 7 Oklahoma 20; Iowa St. 7 St. Mary’s 9; Fordham 6 Tenn. 14; Florida 0 Rice 13; Texas 0 Navy 21; Yale 0 ^ Texas A & M 14; Baylor 7 Tex. Tech 20; Marquette 13 Dartmouth 7; Harvard d Brown 9; Holy Cross 6 Syracuse 3; Columbia 0 Tulane 14; N. Carolina 13 Tulsa 7; T. C. U. 0 Wash. 27; Butler 19 4.c.y.
the day, hurling his team to victory, after spending three seasons on the Wisconsin bench. The blocking of Petty, Axton, and McCaffery highlighted Purdue’s offensive efforts. Defensively, Purdue was better than it has ever been this season, stymieing all Wisconsin ground attempts as well as in the air. Captain Rankin was a bear on defense as was Jim Miller, Bill Neff, and Fred Smerke. Look ’em over: Purdue Wisconsin Rankin LE Phillip Neff LT Thornally Miller LG Gile Axton C Henry Melton RG Gage Timperman ....RT Wasserbach McCaffery .RE Parris Carter LH Hoskins Berto RH Miller Petty PB Paskvan Smerke QB Parris Purdue substitutions: Tackles: I. Rossi, A. Rossi, and Warren. Ends: Rush, King, and Combs. Guards: Winchell, O’Bryan. Centers: Leugo. Quarterbacks: Snyder. Halfbacks: Anderson, Galvin, and Brock. Pullbacks", Schumacher and Buffington. Wisconsin substitutions: Wilding, Tennant, Ray, McPadzean, Bauman, Schreiner, Ladewig, Tornow, Embick, Lorenz, Kreick, Hirsbrunner, and Ladewig.
SUEDE JACKETS Cleaned and Pressed by Our Own Exelusive Process
For~Our process gives no streaks or “just went through the wash” look. Phone us about our pick up service.
Northwestern at Vine
Phone 4081
“Lowest Prices That Quality Permits”
It's Open House Today At Exponent Offices In Union Today the Exponent opens its new editorial offices in the basement of the Union building for inspection by alumni, students, faculty, and all townspeople who would like to see how a campus daily works. Open house will continue from 2 to 4 p. m. A huge circular copy desk, comparable to those used on commercial daily newspapers; private offices for the editor-in-chief, news editor, and managing editor; flourescent lighting; and plenty of room are some of the features of the new quarters. The new Exponent offices can be reached by stairways in the west end of the Union. The editorial staff will be on hand to show visitors about. In addition to the quarters in the Union building, the Exponent has business and sports offices in the Haywood building and Fieldhouse, respectively.
Current Feature Now Showing At Mars
ft
4^
'Mi
Rockne Double — Remarkable resemblance between Pat O’Brien (left) who plays the part of Knute Rockne in the film depicting the life of the late Notre Dame coach — “Knute Rockne—All American” and Rockne himself (right) is shown by these two portraits. Now on the 'screen at the Mars Theatre.
AV
Schedules
EEGULAR GAMES Touchball—Monday, October 28 Field 1. Ward 1 vs Ward 27 (L. Captain) 2. Ward 3 vs Ward 8 (J. Papurca) 3. Ward 4 vs Ward 26 (W. B. McAdams)
4. Ward B vs Ward 6 (K. McCarthy) 5. Ward 12 vs Ward 15 (W. E. Speidel) 6. Ward 21 vs Ward 26 (Paul Schreiber) 7. Ward 22 vs Ward 24 (Jim Shaw) 8. Ward 28 vs Ward 10 (Joe McGrath) 9. Ward 31 vs Ward 32 (G. R. Wolter) 10. Ward 33 vs Ward 30 (Dave Adams) 11. Ward 29 vs Ward 11 (N. Goldstein) 12. Ward 14 vs Ward 2 (Kutz)
For one week beginning today the Union, continuing its art appreciation activities, will display in the Music Room the thirty-four reproductions of fine paintings comprising the Art Rental Library of the Women’s Residence Halls. The pictures from the WRH and also those in the applied design department art libraries may be purchased at their original cost or may be rented, and the rental fee may be applied on the purchase.
Intramural Sports The Cross Couniry . . . walking race will be held on Thursday, October 31, over a 2% mile course. All male students are invited to compete for medals which will be given to the winners of first, second, third, and fourth places. Softball Championship ... of the Ward Intramural system went to Ward 31, and Cary Hall 10, and the Terry House won the crowns in their division. Bruce Dixon . . . Lambda Chi Alpha, defeated Jim Seabright, Alpha Tau Omega, 1 up for nineteen holes in the championship flight of the all-campus goH tournament.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• Hardware
/ Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR.'HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Hain St. Phone 5701
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Better Mdse.y—Lower Prices If It's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1191/2 Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
• jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Locksmith
® Dairy Products
KEYS and LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
• Tailor
• School Suplies
Sparrendahl Tailor Fowler Hotel Bldg. SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 and up
University Book Store Across form the Union Next to the College Inn M. C. "Red" Sammons '29 R. W. "Doc" Epple '40
IP
'4^
46
Frosty Pastels
We’re wool gathering—and we’ve assembled the smartest collection of wools in "baby colors” we’ve seen for many a season. Dressy and casual styles you’ll wear from classroom to teas. See the same styles featured in Mademoiselle, Vogue and Harpers. Junior dresses exclusive with Loeb’s in Lafayette. — Carlye — Dorsa — Junior Guild — — International Junior — Rae Mar — In powder blue, rose, aqua, gold and beige. Prices sta:^ at: Sizes 9 to 17
Junior Dresses Second Floor
ft