Second War Council Musical Convo To Present
Dorsey's Band Will Play Here For 2nd Time
Victors Overcome Early Riveter Lead In Final Minutes Of Hard Fought Tilt
Foursome Will Feature Light Popular,
Semi-Classical Selections On Program
Former Appearance Drew Crowd of 3,000
Second in the series of convocations to be presented by the Student War Council, today’s program of music by the Livingston quartet will begin at 4 p. m. Doors will open at 3:30 and students and townspeople are invited to attend. Admission is free, and passports or season tickets are unnecessary. Thp quartet, recently presented on Edgar Bergen’s radio show, hails from the Chicago area and features light semiclassical and popular music. The group has travelled about the country as the basic organization of General Motors shows. The four memher-s of the troupe .
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
Congressmen Prepare Measures To Evacuate
tire soloists ill their own right and have appeared as such. Bruce Mitr-, vin, tenor, has appeared in several operas and operettas. At one time he played the lead in the “Mikado,” with DeWolf Hopper as guest star. University students may remem-
CPT Service Board To Issue Identification
California Enemy Aliens
WASHINGTON -- Isolationist Senator Hiram Johnson of California, who fought every major nieasui’e to prepare for an Axis attack, was one of the loudest clamorers for evacuating West Coast Japs at the secret pow-wow of Senate and House congressmen from California, Washington and OreHowever, Jdlmsou got his cars pinned back when he tried to put over a resolution aimed at the President, demanding the removal only of Japs, and not German and Italian aliens. “I most emphatically will not agree to anything like that,” snapped Representative Bertrand Gearhart. “I’ll walk out of this meeting first.” “What’s the reason for your objection?" denuinded Johnson. “I’ll admit that the Japs are ihe most dangerous element on the coast,” shot back Gearhart, “but if you don’t know i(, we also arc fighting Germany and Italy. I’lirthcr, your proposal is uneonstitutioiial. We can’t single out a special class for evacuation. The law has to apply to all enemy aliens.” Representatives Ed Izac and John Costello of California strongly supported this view, and for a moment it looked as if the meeting would blow up in a hot row. Several other congressmen also inferentially accused Johnson of playing politics by ' trying to curry favor with GermanAmerican ami Italian-American elements. Under this bombardment, the aged Californian finally agreed to re-write his re.solution. Hardly was this done, however, when he ran head-on into another storm on the ((uestion of “adequate nav(Sce Merry-Go-Uound On Page 2)
ber him as a basketball star on the Minnesota team some years ago. Mallory on WMAQ Staff Paul Malloi'y, second tenor, who was a staff artist at WMAQ for three years, has devoted himself largely to church, concert and oratorio work. First bass Howard Berhaltcr was a soloist for both the men’s and mixed glee clubs at Northwestern University, from which he graduated. He has won (listrict honors , at the Chicagoland Music Festival and has appeared with the Chicago Civic Opera Company. Ray Steiner, second bass in the quartet, has appeared on Columbia and. CBS chains and has been featured as soloist with the Chicago Women’s Symphony. Several Solo Numbers In today’s program, each will solo in at least one number. Steiner will sing “II Laceiato Spirito” from Simon Boccanegi'a by Verdi. Mallory’s selection will be “Nattina” by Leoncavallo. “Eri Tu,” from the Masked Ball by Verdi, will be rendered by Berhalter, and Marvin will present “The Dream,” from Manon by Massenet. The ((uai’tet will piesent “The Evening Pastorale,” by Shaw, “Passing By,” by Purcell, and “John Peel” by Andrews as o|lening numbers on the program. Other selections will include “On Wings of SOng” by Mendelssohn, “Dear Land of Home,” by Sibelius and “Moonlight on the Water” by Rossini. Spirituals Will Be Featured Spii'ituals will be featured in a series of three numbers: “Deep River” by Burleigh, “1 Got Shoes,” and “Great Day” by Youmans. Other numbers will be “In a Persian Market” by Ketelbey, “Morning” liy Siieaks, “Lift Thine Eyes” by Logan, and “Maidc” which will conclude the program.
Cards To Applicants
Civilian Pilot Training Service Board will be on the campus next Tuesday to fingerprint and issue “Airman Identification Cards” to all those applicants for Civilian Pilot Training Program who have passed the medical examination and fulfilled all other requirements, Dii'cctor G. S. Meiklo ' announced yesterday.
Interviews oil Tuesday Due to the fact that this Board will not be on the campus again for a few weeks, it is important that the following men who have already passed medical examinations come to Director Mcikle’.s Office to ari'ange for interview on 'ITiesday, March 10: Aker, Frank, Jr.; Albert, John E.; Bernhard, Warren K.; Berman, Bernard; Bohlke, Eugene A.; Bui’kholder, Howard; Fisher, Philip W.; Garlic, William L.; Goldman, Jerome M.; Grecar, Nathan E., Jr.; Hall, Thomas D.; Lappi, Urho 0,; Lundquist, John R.; McIntyre, Hugh W. Melton, L. E.; Mullins, 'riiomas C., Jr.; Rogers, Paul E.; Scudder, Frank E.; Seitner, Philip G'.; Smock, Kenneth; Stone, Robei't; Sunderland, Maurice B., Jr.; Terrill, James II.; Willcutts, Jr. Harrison D.; Powers, Donald.
Appearing on the campus for the first time since January, 1940, Tommy Dorsey and his orchestra will present their music for ,a na-tional-defense-minded audience on Saturday, March 28. Only requisite for admittance, besides a passport or season ticket, will be a spread of fifty cents worth of Defense Savings Stamps. The stamps will not be taken up at the door, but will remain the property of the audience. Will Make 'I’wo Appearances Dorsey will make two appearances here on the 28th. One will be in the form of a concert- convocation, and the other a mixer. The same stamps will suffice, for admittance to both places, but -1.10 per couple will also be charged for the mixer. Dorsey’s, last appearance hei'c was in celebration of the opening of the north ballroom and other new additions to the Union building. His popularity with campus folk at that time was evidenced by the 1,500 couples that turned out for the mixer that he played for. The packed ballrooms contained the largest crowd ever recorded for the Union ballrooms. Stamp Booths Still Open For the convenience of students and faculty, the booths authorized by the Student Senate for the sale of stamps will remain open indefinitely. Stamps are on sale in WRH, Cary Hall, the Cashier’s office iii the Executive building, and at the booth in the Union. The booth in the Union is located on the first floor in the niain corridor, and is open from 11 a. in. to 1 p. m. and from ;j to 5:45 [). m. daily. Students, faculty, and townspeojilc are urged to purchase defense stanqis with spare change whenever possible.
H. Young To Address Presbyterian Group
Five Seniors Play Last Varsity Game; Sprowl, Tierney Lead Scoring Attack
Dr. Herrick B. Young, New Yoi'k City newswritcr, author, and worldtraveller, will speak at the tlniversity Presbyterian Church today at 10:30 a. m. Having been professor of literature at Alborz College in Teheran, Iran, for ten years. Dr. Young has had the opportunity of keeping in close contact with changing conditions throughout the Near East — Palestine, Arabia, Iran, Turkey, Iraq, and Egypt. During his stay in Teheran, he was also chairman of the Near East Christian Council. Witnc.ss Coronation In addition to his journalistic work, which began with his covering of the coronation of Reza Shah Pahlavi during his fii’st year in Iran, he has written three books, “Moslem Editors Say,” “Islam Awakens,” and “One Great Fellowship.” Also he has made frequent contributions to American and British newspapers and magazines on Near East, Russian, and central European trends of xmlitics and religion. Besides his travelling in Europe and Asia, Dr. Young has spent a year in South America, visiting most of the republics and writing for the Associated Press. Graduate of 1. U. A graduate of Indiana University, he also has degrees from Columbia and the University of Pennsylvania. He is a fellow of the Royal Geographic Society, a Tnbmber of Sigma Delta Chi, professional journalistic fraternity. Dr. Young will speak again tonight at G:45, at a meeting of the Sunday Evening Club, on “Christianity in a Post War World.”
By Phil Johnson
CHAMPAIGN, 111., March 7.—Illinois Big Ten champions outlasted the strategic ball controlling tactics of the grimly battling Boilermakers here tonight to grab two quick buckets in the last two minutes and break a 30-30 deadlock, then holding down the final Purdue rally to edge into their thirteenth victory of the year, 34-32. It was one of the strangest games in Big Ten annals, with ’ ; ' • ■ the Boilermakers controlling the ball for at least three quarters of
lain Don
Church To Hold Blackout Party Next Friday at 7:45
Dairy Sfudenfs Will Make
... Blanken concluded his play as the floor leader for Piggy Lambert's hardwood squad. This flashy cage star dropped the role of high point man to give the team added strength in the back court. His fine work on rebounds was one of the features of this year’s play.
the game, and taking only two shots that were not under the basket. Putdue played three men out and two in, passing the ball slowly and deliberately and refusing to loose possession of the ball until some player broke into the clear for a lay in. Good Percentage The Boilermakers shot only 21 times in the game, connecting on 12 of their attempts. Frosty Sprowl took only two long shots, both in the last few-minutes, hitting one of; them. The I’est of the 14 points which earned him high point honors for the evening were tallied on opportunity shots at close range. The record crowd of 7,036- fans first greeted the unorthodox stalling game with boos but as the game progressed,, and the Boilermakers controlled a narrow lead, the crowd became tense with anxiety, waiting for Purdue to break and let the game go into the final mad scramWj^ - When the Boilermakers relaxed their style of play just for an ift*" stance with two minutes to go tlie mini got the decisive scores within seconds, and the crowd broke inta a tumultous shout as the Orange and Blue held this margin to the gun. mini First To Score The game started with a. one (Continued on page 3)
Indiana Hybrid Corn Breeders Will Visit
Cosmopolitan Club Show To Feature Entertainment
More 'I'o Be Examined
Men who are scheduled to paSs examinations in time to meet the Board are: Berry, Sheldon; CoHierf Clayton; Gallagher, Bernard; Harrison, John Cowles; Johns, Robert; Jordan, Paul G.; Roberts, Albert O.; Rose, Joseph G.; Thompson, Harold
E.; Fqrshee, William.'
Appoiiitmcuts may be made by calling Director Moikle's office, (1319. The CAA Board will meet on the third floor of the Administration building. Actual flight work and ground seliool courses will begin immediately for all those who
are certified by the Board.
All studcnt.s are invited to a lilaekoLit [lurty at' tlie University Presbyterian eluirdi Friday, March 13. A iireliiniiiary ineeting to get instructions and equijnnent will be lield at 7:40 j). in. in tlic lounge. After the meeting everyone will go to the reerealion room where ration cards will lie available for the refreshments.
WaineCoyWillSpeak
T*rn‘f Ti W (irorrrii-\r lionrT I.Tip b b b
Campus March 12-13
Senior Women
All senior coeds are asked to report to (he AWSoffice between 4 and 6 p. m. tomorrow.
Prof. 11. W. Gregory, head of the dairy department, and Prof. R. E. Roberts of the dairy staff, accompanied by ten students, will attend the Dairy Manufacturers Short Course Iiispoetioii Tour in Chicago,
March 8 to 11.
Purpose of the trip is to inspect modern creameries in the Chicago area. The groiqi will leave tonight and return late Tuesday night. The students making the trip are enrolled in the Daily Husbandry Short Course, which started Jauuary 15, and will end March 10.
At Convo In Music Hall
Flowers, Instead Of Coeds, Steal
* Third University War Convocation to be held Thiu’sday, March 12, at 11 a. in. in the Music Hall, will feature Wayne Coy, liason officer for the Office of Emergency Man* agenient and special administrative assistant to President Roosevelt. As is customary all classes will be dismiss^ed at 10:50 to enable the slmlenls to attend tlie eonvo. Coy graduated from Franklin College, where he Worked on the
Fourth annual Hoosier seed corn conference will be held.at the University next Thursday aftd Friday, March 12 and 13. The Conference is expected to attract between 200 and 300 Hoosier hybrid seed corn producers, who will have an, opportunity to hear some of th6 men doing outstanding corn breeding work in the middlewest. K. E. Beeson, University eXfenjfiqu agronomist, is scheduled to give a report on 1941 extension demonstrations and five-acre corn club results. On Thursday inorhing, the seed corn producers will hoar a review of corn borer re-
HannettWill Present
\
Second Marital Talk In Various Foreign Styles Ordnance Department
Hort Beauty Contest Limelight
Second in the series o| AWS sponsored lectures on marital problems will be given tomorrow at 7:30 p. m. in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union. Dr. Lrance Hannett; of the University of Cincinnati will address the group on “Happiness in Marriage.” These lectures are open to all junior and senior women. All juniors must receive permission from Jane McCouch or Agnes McCulloch before attending the series. Dr. Marie Wessels, practicing physician from Chicago, gave the first lecture last Tuesday night. Her topic was “Marriage as a Norma) Function.” ' ^ Kappa Psi
. ... national pliarnmcy honorary and professional fraternity, announces the pledging of the following men: A. V. Beck, E. W. Dierdorf, E. G, Fingl, D. W. Harding, R. R. Heine, N. E. Merrick, N. A. Messiter, R. K. Thoms, V. P. Hoi'ton, J. F. Hull, E. A. Welbaum, M. B. Carpenter, H. E. Katterjohn.
As a benefit show for the Relief Fund sponsored by the Relief Fund Coordinating Committee, the Cosmopolitan and the Chinese Students’ clubs Nvill present an “International” show tomorrow night in the south ballroom of the Union. The show, scheduled to start at 8:30 p. m., will present entertainment in the native styles of many lands. Tickets are priced at 28 cent.s. Irv Given To Play The show will include a negro jitterbug couple, a Siamese wedding, Greek singing, a Chinese Opera, a Swedish Schottische, and many other interesting foreign songs and dances. Irv Given and his orchestra will provide music for the entire show. As an added feature for the show, arrangements have been made for a showing of the technicolor film “Hawaii,” now of special interest since the outbreak of war. Tickets mhy be purchased from members of the two clubs and they will also he on sale at the door.
To Interview Seniors
Senior Mechanical, Civil, and Electrical engineers are offered an opportunity to obtain positions in the Ordnance Department in Rochester, N. Y., it was announced by the Personnel Office. The work will be in the engineci'ing field and will pay Iti2,()()0 per year under Civil Service authority. Chances for Rapid Advancciueiit Those accepted will serve as engineering assistants to heads of various materiel sections in the inspecting division. After a short training period, the engineers will aid in solving engineering' problems entailed in the inspection of oi'dnance. Opportunities for advancement are limited only by Ihe engineer’s personal ability. All interested seniors should call at the Personnel Office and sign up for an intei'view with the representative of the Ordnance Department who will be here qh Wednesday, March 11.
By Robert Brewster Flowers instead of coeds wore tlie queens at a beauty contest conducted this week by the Horticultural department. The contest was held as an elhnination for the University entries in the St. Louis Flower Show to he held March 1422. As a result of this week’s competition, eight students, Peter Roemer, Edwin Brooks, Robert Skirm, Maxine Runkle, Boh Brewster, Craftou Long'don, William Scllallhorn and Ernest Nordlinger, wereselected as the winners. They will be eligible to show their floral productions at the St. Louis show and compete, for the cash prizes in the college division. The contestants have been working all year trying to get their particular plants I'eady for this weekend. They have pinched the plants to inqirove their shape, dusted and sprayed them.'to remove disease and insect blemishes, and fertilized them, to improve their color and put some flesh on their bones. Student growers cultivate foliage and flowering plants and show them in masses, as in beds, or as individ-
ual speciinetis. Most of the competitors are juiiioi's in florieiillure, hut sometimes seniors, and rarely sophomores, compete. The competition really began last fall when the ting in sand until roots developed, students placed a stem called a cutand then transplanted the young plants into the soil. After successive transplantings from one spot to other larger ones, the plants reached maturity. Next week all the liortieiiltural students will busy themselves in, packing the plants for the trip to the show. Each flower and [lol will be wrapped sepuralcly. These package.s will then he placed in the Inijpk of the black horLicullural truck which, is ordinarily used to transport students to tlie University orcluirds and winch is now fitted with shelves to hold all the plants. Entries in the St. Louis contest will be on display this week in the horticultural building, and the Horticultural department cordially invites anyone interested to drop over and see these beautiful, shapely plants.
Franklin Stai'. After graduation he bought the Delphi Citizen and served a:-: its editor for several years. Active in Relief Work In 1933 he became under-secre-tary to Paul y. McNutt, who was tlien Governor of Intliana'. He held this position for four years. Coy was also active ill Indiana relief work. He served as head of the N YA and WPA.’ When McNutt moved to the Philippines in tlie office of eominission-er-general, Coy went with him. Two years ago Coy returned to the United States and (jlgain served under ■McNutt when he was appoiritetl Social Security Administrulor. He lias been serving in this ijusitioii for over a year.
M.L Crossley Will Speak To ACS Tomorrow Night
Dr. M. L. (Irossley. research director for the American Cyanamide Company, will speak on the “Role of ('heini.stry in ('mnhating; lirfectious Diseases," tomorrow iiigiil, at 7:30 in Ivcunu .211 of Stanley Ckmlter Hall. 'I'he leeture, wliieh will follow a dinm,;r in Dr. Crossloy’s honor, will he given on the program of the.monthly meeting of the American Chemical Society.
search work. Five prominent plant hreedei-s from diffcBent states in the corn belt have feen invited to discuss research work in their speetive parts of the district. Other Discussions Priorities and supplies for 1942| advertising and publicity, needs in hybrid improvement and an appraisal of hybrids extensively used in 1941 will he discussed by University staff membei’s and Indiana hybrid seed corn producers. Other iliscussions will concern coni ear worm and corn borer control methods aiid where to put the plant fofid this year. ' H. J. Reed, dean of Agricultulte, will giv-e an address on “New Polieies on Release of Inbred Lines in Corn Belt states” ami Metle T. Jeiikins, U. S. Department, of vVgriculture, will speak on “Regional tiu-operation for Com Iraproveluent ill the Corn Belt.” On Friday, Glen Smith of the University is scheduled to discuss pop com hybrids. . . - ■
100 Couples
, . . danced to the music of I*v Given at lust night's weekly «ux®r in the North Ballroom of the Uniqiu The backdrop had March wipds fw its theme and each band front wa® decorated with a windblown hat*;
M
-K'P ."S I, y
psi-'^ "" 4J . * ’ <? ^'' "
«W # ’
Purdue Exponent
Sunday^ March S, 1942
^ililfta«liiri
llniversiVy Calenfiar Week of M^rch 8-14, 1942.
It’s Hell Weelk Tiitie Ag^in...
Sunday, March 8 4 00 PM —Lninghton Quaitette 4 00 P M —Cosmopolitan Club Di ess Reheai sal 6 00 P M —Plaj shop Buffet Suppei 7 15 PM—Plaj'hop Cast Party 7 30 PM—Sciivcnei Club Monday, March 9 4 00 PM—Union Committee 4 15 P M —Union Committee 5 00 PM—Giammai, punfctuation and spelling tests 7 00 P M —Polk Dancing 7 00 PM—High School Supeivisois v? 00 P M —P I A Dance Class 7 ^0 P M —Tippecanoe County Teacher’s Fedeiation 7 30 PM—Maiital Lectuie 8 00 P M —Reamei Club 8 30 P M —Cosmopolitan Club Benefit
Show
Hall of Music South Ballioom Union Room 334, Union Post Faculty Lounge
Union
Room 261, Union Rooms 304 305 Union Room 303, Union Room 101, Educ Bldg Towel, Union Room 261, Union Noith Ballioom Union Room 303, Union West Faculty Lounge,
Union
Room 304, Union South Balli oom Union
Room 304, Union Room 263 Union
Both Balliooms, Union
Tuesday, March 10
9 00 AM—Red Cioss First Aid 4 00 PM —Committee on State of
Unn ei sity
6 30 P M —Basketball Banquet
7 30 PM—Christian Science Oiganization Room 303, Union 7 30 P M—Student Ait Guild Little Convo Hall of Music 7 30 PM—-Purdue Daiiy Club Smith Hall
Wednesday, March 11
7 00 PM—Ceitification Inspectois Tiain
mg
7 30 PM—Maiiiagc Couise 7 30 P M —Eta Kappa Nu Swiokei 7 30 PM—A.IChE Meeting 7 30 PM—Giaduate Dames Fust Aid Classes
The wielders of the wood ^ are at it again. The Ides of March are approaching, and in a numbei of our campus fraternity houses some of the more intelligent brothers are spending long houis at night in labor and sweat conjuring up a few “harmless pleasures” for the pledges during Hell Week We are not joking or exaggerating when we say “spend long houis”, the preparations for Hell Week, House Week, Pledge Interest Week, or whatever name the organization tags on |ts medieval practice of hazing, consume an enoimous amount of time and in some fraternities approach a major project Fraternity meji would find that their efforts had merited greater pi of it? if they devoted the time wasted in planning for the sadistic pranks of Hell-Week hazing and p?,ddhng to developing a constructive pledge tiaming program It has been done—and m most cases it has been a success We are not fools enough to believe that the ideas presented in this editoiial will be generously accepted by all the fraternity meh on campus as the only logical solution for antiquated pledge practices Neither do we expect a sudden and soul-purging renunciation of the use of the paddle in all of our Greek-letter oigamzations No, miracles aie still uncommon in the world today . But we do expect some of the pioponents of ““board sessions” and freshman paities to be very vociferous with invectives against the Exponent. We also expect to be accused of
condemning tl^p fyajtejpity system as a whole, and some will even read a ^'purge Purdue of the fiatermty scourge” theme into this^editoiial The Exponent is entirely devoid of anti-fra-teimty feeling Our editorials have never been and never will be permeated with discriminatoiy sentiments against fraternities We need not point out to you that we believe the fraternity plays an essential and important place in University life On the other hand we do not ad\ocate a fiaternify as the best thing for every undeigraduate Our Greek brothers who are the noisiest in accusing us of huiting the fiatermty system by attacks like this ought to shake the dew out of their eyes If they believe that the fratqinity system is composed mainly of pledge paddling, hazing, midnight sessions and road trips, then we are leady to admit that We are attacking their idea of the fraternity system But if they believe that the fraternity system IS inseperable from the spirit of brotherhood, and social and scholastic achievement then they cannot help to see that intelligent pledge training is a part of this system No, the Exponent’s attacks on the “I went thiough this stuff, it ain’t going to hurt them” methods employed by fraternities during Hell Week aie not the termites gnawing at the foundation of the fiatermty system, but it is the imbecilic “Hell Week” traditions which we condemn that are heaping opprobrium on the fiateinities dtb
Room 104 Afe H U1 Room 304 Union Room 363, ymon Room 129 EE Bldg
Room 302 ChE ^Idg
Thursday, Marih 8 00 A M—Hybiid Seed Pioducers Con ference 9 00 —^Red Cioss First Aid 3 00 P M —-Newcomeis Guest Tea
12
3 00 P M ■ 6 00 P M - 7 OO P M ■ 7 30 P M - 7 30 P M - 7 30 P M - 7 30 P M ■ 7 30 PM 7 30 P M ■
8 00 A M ■ 1 30 P M -
4 30 PM6 30 P M -
7 30 PM8 30 P M ■
1 00 P M ■ 8 30 P M - 8 30 PM 8 30 P M ■ 9 00 P M ■
-Scieen Review -Agiicultuial Shoit Course
Banquet
'-Meeting of P 0 M M -Cameia Club -Riding Club -Chiistian Student Fellowship -P I A Cboius -Society of Pioftssional En
gineeis
-Entomology Society Meeting Round 5 All Campus Dis cussion Gioup Friday, March 13 -Hybiid Seed Produceis Confeience -Hybiid Seed Pioduceis Confeience -Cosmopolitan Club -Ameiican Society MechanicaJ Engineeis—Dinnei -Inteifiateinity Fellowship -Scabbaid and Blade Dance
South feallioom Union Room 304, llnion Both Faculty Lounges
Union
Hall of Music Noith Ballioom Union Ai moi y Room 304 Union Room 305 Union Room 307 Union Tower Union Room 263 Union Room 103 Ag Hall
South ballioom Union Room 261 Union Room 304, Union E Faculty Lounge Union Room 307 Union North Ballioom Union
Saturday, March 14
-Budge Tournament -Union Mixei -TAP Dance -Theta Tau Foimal -Puidue Chiistian Foundation House
South Ballioom Union Noith Ballioom Union South Balli oom Union Duncan Hall Room 363 Union
Personnel Notes Oave Lodge
Companies Scheduled To Visit the Campus — E I DuPont de Nemouis Wil mington Delawaie March 9 and 10 Philco Radio and Television Coip Thiladelphia Pa Mai eh 10 Oi finance Depaitment Roches tei New Yoik March 11 Westinghouse An Bnl e Com panj Wilmeiding Pa Due to be announced latei M est Bend Aluminum Co W c'-t Bend, Wis Maieh 11 Combustion Engineei in,, Co New Yoik N Y Maieh 12 Coin Pioducts Refinin^, Co Ai eo Illinois Maich 13 Cheviolet Muneie (Dnmon ot Geneial Motois Corp ) Muneie In eliana Mai eh 13
membei of Sigma Nu fia leinitj, will suceeed Chailie Stand aid Phi Kappa Sigma, as the senioi basketball managei loi the 1942 43 haidwood season Devoe and Raynolds Co Ine Louisville Ky Coming soon Worn en chemists and w omen chemic il enginecis with B S MS oi Ph D—come to the Peisonnel Office imniediatch and schedule an intei V lew Philco Radio and Television Co PI iladelphia Pa Maich 10 E E Sehedul an inteiview in the Pei sonnel Office immediatelj Cheviolet Muneie (Divi^ioi ol Geneial Motois Coip ) Muneie In diana ME and FE Si^jU on sheet in \oui school ottiee beloie 1 00 p m Monday Match 9
Merry-Go-Round... (Continued tiom page 1) al protection for the West Coast Johnson and Senator Rufus Hoi man of Oregon another bitter Roosevelt hater wanted a deelar ation blasting the \dministration for “ignoring the security’ of then section But this political scheme was nipped in the bud by Izac a naval officei who was decoiated loi he loism in the last yeai with this sound counsel “I happen to know i little about naval stiategy and I can assuie y ou that the Picsident will not leav e the West Coast open to attack The safest pioceduie is to engage the enemy as fai away as possible and defeat him thcie The enemy will meet you wheievei youi defenses aie If we foolishly bung out de lenses to the West Coast he will meet us theie Playing Safe Repicsentative Viigil Chapman IS chalking up a unique distinction foi himself Lnlike other congressmen the red faced rotund Kentuckian is vehemently resisting the estab ment of a wai industry in his dis trict This IS the way he explained the mattei to a constituent ‘I’m making strenuous efforts to prevent an ammunition plant fiom being located near Rich mond, Ky because I don t want any of these war projects in mv distiict All they do is bung in a lot of fiffraff and my people are too good foi that ‘Also theie may be some bomb mgs and if they come I don t want Kentucky to be bombed Let cm bomb some othei places Stimson's Successor Put down tall able Republic m Repieseiitative James W Mads woith of N Y is a stiong possi bility foi appointment as suceessoi to Secietaiy of Wai Ileniy Stim son who will letiie shoitly Of old New York stock and i Hudson Valley gentleman laimei —like the President—Wadswoith h is a long lecoid oi public sei
vice For eleven years he was a membei ot the New York legis latme following which he seived tw o terms in the U S Senate He has held a seat in the House since 1932 During the Woird War, he enlisted as a private in the Field Artillery. From the start of the European crisis Wadsworth was a strong supporter of Roosevelt's defense program and foreign policy In 1940 against the secret advice of political minded Republic ins Wads woith CO uitho ed the oiioinal Sc lective Service bill While on opposing political sides the President and Wadsworth are old personal friends In the last few years Wadsworth his been frequently consulted by the White House on defense and foiei„n policy matters Wads worth also is in old fiiend ol both Stimson ind Lndeiseeietary Rob eit Patteisoii Inside woid is that Roosevelt wants to continue the bi-partisan complexion ot his cabinet and views Wadsworth as one of the most experienced Republican leaders fitted to step into Stimson's place. Note Wadsworth, trim and athletic will be 65 in August. Needed Labor Reform Recently Governor Herbert Leh-
man of N Y oidoled an investiga tion of numerous charges of corruption and kickbacks on a $300,000,000 State piojeet by officeis oi the Hod Carriers and Common Laborers Union one of the big AFL building tiades units The probe was long overdue. The Hod Cariieis is one of the worst ruled unions in the United States but there ts a deeper gig nificanee to Lehman s probe than airing its alleged racketeering The investigation will bung to light powciiul evidence of the ui gent need foi elca'l cut legislation compelling a demoeiatization of union management and legulai pub he accountings of union finances Oiganized labor has become big (Contifiued on page 4)
Dine Tonight NU CHINA GRILL i CHOW MEIN — CHOP SUEY ; 409 Columbia St ;
lleffer to Editor I « Dear Editor: As you say in youi editoual, “The Sisters’ Brew,” no one of sane mind wants a return to the corruption of prohibition as it existed under the Eighteenth Amendment. However, the cainpaigneis foi a leturn of prohibition contend that piohibition, if reenacted, wobld function undei an entiiely new and effective system We learned a les son undei the Eighteenth Amendment just as we did at Versailles, knd it is almost cei tain that neithei of these blundeis will be repeated Tq say that because piohibition once failed it should not be tiied again, would be as absujd as to say that, because the peace established at Vei sallies was not successful, we should make no attempts to es tablish a peace at the end of the piesent wai A woikable plan for piohibition would be accepted by thp public with untold enthusiasm But—who among the advocates of a return to piohibition has a plan foi enfoicing it"^ I have been on the listening end of a good many pep talks intended to aiouse sentiment in favoi of national piohibition So fai, I have heaid no mention of a constiUQtiVG plan foi making it woik It IS not enough to enumer ate the statistics on bow many au tomobile accidents aie caused by alcohol It IS not enough to bxhoit the audience with demands that, when piohibition i etui ns, they be good citizens and lepoit all viola tions oi the hiw Hum in naUue has not chingcd since he lepeil law Human n ituie h is not ch ii ged «ince the lepeal ot Piohibuion and the Eighteenth Amerdment if le en let ed would be enfoiccd with the sime laxity and indiffeienee i‘' bcioie Find a vilid and effe tive plan foi making n ition U piohibition function Then bung youi pi ohi bition t ill out of the Ladies Aid meetings ind the publie will be leady to do business R C MILES E E ’42 (May)
pvtroni/e exponent ADVERTISERS'
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS University Book Store . A s Iro U Ol Ke J os'’? Doc Ei j Ic 40
WBAA MONDAY 9 46—News 10 00—“News Wilting” with Prof J H McK«e 10 60—WBAA Piesents 10 66—News Ij 00—^“Woild Histoiy Since 1&14” with Prof Fi attic Hall 11 60—Puidue I^ews 11 66—News 12 00—Agiicultuial Foi urn 12 15—Meet the Band 12 45—Music 12 66—News 1 00—Light Classics 1 16—Foods, Pacts, Fancies 1 30—Music 1 46—Maikets 1 65—News 2 00—Story a Day 2 15—'Radio Cameia Club 2 30—Safety Piogiam 2 45—Music * 2 65—News 3 00—Mary Louise Reppeit — pianist 3 15—Afternoon Melodies 3 30—Oigan Moods 3 56—News * 4 00—Tea Time Tunes 4 30—Music 4 45—The Cuiio Mfti^ 4 50—Mwsie 4 65—News 5 00—Just Rela's i 5 15—Cuirent Books with Helen# Sgaton 6 30—Vespers , 6 15—Little Miss Muffett 5 65—News 6jQ0—rjipnei Ho-tu 6,30—Spoits Review 6 45—Musie 6 55—News 7 00—Social Secuiity 7 15-aM s 7 0—Ele inoi Ailington—«ingei 7 ^5—Music 7 55—News
fe4ARS -NOW PLAYINGDrive'll the Wild West WILlUlt! more fun fhan all Iheir howling h'fs la one!
DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD ) RISK — DENTISTS — 400 404 Schultz Bldg 4th and Main St Lafayette
ARC
TODAY - MON.
PAUL'S PLACE
BEEF STEAK HOME MADE CHILI
BEEF BARB-Q PORK TENDERLOIN
Phone 2645
FURNAS ICE CREAM 216 W Columbia Sf
We Deliver
LUHA
SWELL HITS
kvvAvy _<nnr MIBBIE Heniy • Emma • Joyce Compton • Bradley Pdge • RKO RADIO also MICKEY MOUSE
THRILLS GALORE as enemy bombers raid London!
t/f Tornado of TunesI IU Remember April Give Me My Saddle Wake Up Jacob A Tisket A Tijket EXTRA' ' War Clouds in the Pacific"
at ^ecluucoloJi Anne AVARS George NEGRETE ARMIDA George GIVOT
Everything foi a College Education DEAC’S
filUidim. ^xpmrnit All-American 1940-'41
Entered as second class matter at the post office in lafavette, Indiana under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage piovided toi in section 1103 act ot October 3 1917, authorized January 20, 1922 Published dailv except Monday duiing the legulai academic year and weekly during the Summer Session Delivered locally by tairier for $3 50 per year, mail subscriptions, $4 00
U© r-411h I e f £<IUor &portr Editor
Ned A Ochiltree liusincsH IManagrcr John lb Irausrott Managing Editor Phil Johnson Coed Editor
Don S Powers Leland W Ruffner Ruth Rose
Ediiorifll Stair J K L Hadhy I Sports Staff O f
Publication Staff A»H lato F ht rn I ArnuB I H Auiifatrrnif D 1 nropby I Joi H 1 O Ki 1 tr ( 1 irk J D krascr J S Keeler
Cued Staff Mary K li yi ton Alice C hatfleld Jane Ramsdcll
,Business Staff
Dunna SICS'! Office Manager: Ice
C opri Hiisiness Manager
Ho 0 IP
Loral AdvirtiHing Malingers K K Circulation Manager W T Hell
D Millard
Junior Coed Managers Jean I* raiikenbcrry Branees Lloyd Julia Mijtin
Cjcmre R V Saxtoi Acc( uiits Manager W
Phones. Editorial and Business, 4005, Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10 P M 5377
Representfd for national advortiBina; by National Advertls itiir Service Inc Collcec Publishcra Kepieatiualiveu 4Z0 Madlbon Avc New York N Y
Nfdit Editor Butz Day Editor PiikcriiiK
laaue Editor Byera
Nilfhl feporta Editor Karpiik
Staff For This issue
liepurtera Kimbi II Wolf Ii ii i ijsui Kiicfcci
The PICTURE OF THE YEAR!
Ii tops ‘Tb« FbiN4«lphia Story’ for laoghpacked e«teri»f«mer»t!
Spence is a sports writer Kate shigh brow When they meet,J,watch the sparks flyl
HEPBURN VEAk
FAYJAINTER^* REGINALD OWEN ummsTtt Starts TODAY
llAlll
NOW SHOWING TWO FIRST RUN HltS
Tfic Cute Little 9Year ■'Old Wfio Stole Broadway’s Heart!
wilh this grand cast JOAN CARROLt EDMOND O’BRIEN RUTH WARR1C3I8L PLUS -rrThe Tougher They Come the More They Bounce! —A Riof of Trills wifh Those Tough Tenement Terrors!
with
Leo Gorcey
Bobby Jordan^1''
^
' A 7 i*%
i"
:^lrlfcSS^Mr
Sunday, March $, 1942
Page 3
Wiiacdib, #i^ilcte5 Wf^ :. ^ Boilerraaker wrestling, team took Northwest- - f i^y ^ score of 16-5v Thus the curtain p^nie down on the best dual meet season in Riveter wrestling Wstory. Only, one defeat and that a very close one by Illinois n^rs tkqin season’s yecprd io date. ?;’ ,Pap^tain Casey Fredericks turned in another victory to niaintain hjs perfect record- Casey kas never been beaten in Varsity cohjn^tition, and only the ' ■ ' Rig Ten nieet next Saturday stands , between him and one of the finest l^irt Arf jdbmpetitive records in Big Teh an- . .. ' Easy- Picking The rest of the squad followed theit;Gaptain's lead and annexed an easy-Victory. J^orthweatern won only qipe victory, and that came in, the iiSBvPound clas^ where Puharich (Jer di^ioned Warren Gregory of the ..Riveter- sqwad. Jn the 175 pound class Trubey drew with Warren Eyiston, and - that concluded the Wildcat scoring for the evening. Bob Britt took the decision in the 145 pound class to end his season’s record with nary an entry on the lost side of the ledger. McMilJan Was the Wildcat t;hat ^lad his clgws pulled. Red Claseman repeated his early season win over Wojciechowski with a decision in the 165 pound
"".class..
Frank Wins by A Fall il’rank Ruggieri finished the evening,off in style .with a fall victory over Levy. Prank has won all his varsity matches this season, but most of them have been by decisions. Last night Frank had the necessary drive to complete the job the hard
way.
> Big Ten Scores Wisconsin, 62; Iowa, 45. Indiana,.48; Ohio State, 33. Minnesota, 61; Northwestern, 43.
... Mathrsen was the big gun
in the Iliini attack.
SEi^IbifS:
’S
'EnipinydrS are interviewing now:— DON’T DELAY — Have application photos ready—Reliable service.
Phone 2343
105 Northwestern Are.
Make ydtir liext diriner engagement a meMbrable one! Bring her here for a dihher which you will both enjoy to the fullest, because there’s superior quaiity in every delicious bite! ^ Try it! ■ In title : : PURDUE UNION
Tyismuo^doL * The Corner of the Campus—-
Itet iiie Center of kctivitics
(Editor’s Note: Ted Clark, associate sports editor^akes over/for Phil Johnson, who is at Champaign-Urbana to report the Illinois
game.)
One Record On Brink—Another Falls Apparently, there wasn’t a Cecil Polk in the Iowa lineup last night, for John Kotz went on a beserk scoring spree with 12 baskets and seven free throws. That still falls one point short of Bill Hapac’s Western Conference record, but Kotz has another year in which to better the former mini star’s mark. Hapac is now playing with Chanute field. ; Yet another record went tottering from its pedestal in Chicago’s Midway Fieldhouse last night at the ’31st ^’unning of the Big Ten indoor track and field championships. Michigan’s Bob Ufer was chased to the precedent shattering time of :48.1 in the 440-yard dash by such, outstanding rivals as Gene Yates of Ohio State (former Indiana schoolboy champion at Anderson High) and Captain Paul Anthony of Purdue. The Chicago track is ideal for record breaking performances, bemg of a hard, fast surface. Roy Cochrane, one of Coach Billy Hayes’ mighty little whippets, who was graduated from Indiana last year formerly held the record at ;48.2. Ohio State Just,Keeps Rollin' Coach Larry Snyder has a habit of coming up with track and field champions at Ohio State. Every track fan is familiar with such names as Charley Beetham, Jesse Owens, Dave Albritton and Mel Walker . . . every man a virtual champion in his event. Now it appears that the silver-haired, likeable Snyder has uncovered another world-beater in hurdler Bob Wright. The big-broad-shouldered Buckeye timber-topper with the straw-colored hair has a great fondness for making a shambles of records and leaving the old ones scattei'ed about his feet. Last nig^it at Chicago he went over the 70-yard high hui'dles in :8.5 to tie his own American and Western Conference records. Campbell Kane finally seems to be in shape and rid of the sore heel that has annoyed him since the beginning of the .indoor season and his poor showing against Leslie McMitchell in Madison Square Garden’s annual Millrose Games. Indiana’s “Golden Boy” ran 4:14 last night and was pressed all of the way to-, the tape by his own team mate, Earl Mitchell and Al . Jentsch of the Hoilermakers. Jentsch was state schoolboy champ, in. New Jersey and has always looked like a champion, Al seem.s to need only confidence to make him a great miler ... or perhaps ,a half-miler. It is interesting to note that he always turns in his best pei'formance against a good field. Up and Over Goes Warmerdam While upon the subject of track, it seems certain that Cornelius Warmerdam will clear 16 feet in the pole vault , . . all of which makes one laugh when it is considered that Earl Meadows aqd Bill Sefton convinced the public that 14 feet was phenomenal!a few, y^ars ago. The Heavenly Twins of the University of Southern California have .relinquished -their fame to another Californian . . . and a bespectacled high school teacher at that, ■ ' . . , . . i . ,Wainnei'dam now grips the pole only .four inches from the end and is ^qertqin to get tangled up in .a rafter in Madison Square Garden-sometime. trasketbajl Over... Football Preview -- .Another basketball season has come ar;d...gone the, ,yvay,-o,f. all .good .b.agketball seasons. It has been a great one which sa\y- Lambert’s Boilerleakers never outclassed. We will all miss Sprowl, Blanken, Tierney and the rest. What would you want to bet on a starting five of Rudy Lawson and Howard Hoffman, Al Mcnkc, Ed Ehlers and Bob Riley for next year? ; But spring football i.s now the pertinent topic of convorsatibn-. . - that is if you can forget about the state basketball tourney. 90 candidates are waiting to meet Elmer Burnham tomorrow afternoon on the practice field and such men as Bill Buffington and- Tex Snierke, to mention a few, have said they are more enthusiastic about this coming season than they have ever been. That is a good sign. Lots of luck to you and your squad, Elmer.
Capt Dick Kratzer Sma$^esyar$ify ^ ; Record In JOO Yard Free Style , ' By Bob Kriegcr . , : Paced by Captain Dkk Kratzer, who tnrn^m A y»vsi^, ord-shattering performance in the IQO yard free the Boilermaker swimming team scored a 49 to a strong Northwestern squad before a gobd-sized djowiS Fieldhouse pool yesterday afternoon. - , v** The Riveters were off to an impressive start; lay team composed of Anderson, Williamson and Krad home in front in the 300 yard medley event. In the free style which followed, Amyndsen of the Wild^ts first but Vernon Hansel and Jim
Grueck came in idght behind in a photo finish. This made the score read 10 to 8 in favor of the Boilermakers. When Wildcat captain
Fahrbach led the field across the Relay Team Wins
finish line in the 50 yard free style, and his teammate, Menary copped third place, the Northwestern swimmers gained a 14 ,to 13 lead over
stroke, and the 440 yard, free •stsdi the scoreboard read 41 to 31 in'ffieir
Adding insVlt to injury, the Boilermaker team of Herr, Brsiinet, Krueck, and Kratzer then Ztepp^ out andr Won the 400 yard free style relay event to mark the close of a fine afternoon’s work. ‘ :
i Tomorrow afternoon the 1942 . Boilermaker football team will hold their first spring drill under the '
watchful eye of Elmer Burnham, Diving Spectacular
the. new bead football coach. Ac- Jaynesand McDonald of the Wild-
cording tp Burnham these drills are cats and John Juengst and Herman |//f fif '
. of the gveaj:est importance to a sue- Bauer of the Boilermakers more
cessful season. At this time the than lived up to their press notices (Continued from page I). ■ / fundamentals of the game and the jb the fancy diving events which ‘ -p* rudiments of the style of football followed. Each of these springboard handed shot by Ken Menke, to be played must be thoroughly artists turned in a sparkling per- followed, by Sprowl's -learned so that no valuable time formance and bad the crowd cheer- Rolk made good on Pbillip.s is lost in fall practice. ing time and again and Menke hit a sid? shot tb. -g^e Speed All Important in the 100 yard free style, Kratz- IRini a 4-3 lead. Tiei^y Although tomorrow’s drill is the er swam the distance in the ex- bled around Gene Vance fop an e^y . first formal training period for the tremely fast time of 53.0 seconds, ^^ot. Andy Phillip hit a lOPbqp bp squad, most of the players have which clipped .2 of a second off the Illinois back m front, been working out in the fieldhouse old varsity record. This race was an last.Iead they held until theiir..final during the pdst week in order to be exceedingly close affair and had the spiee. ; i V. ready when practice does start. In crowd in an uproar. When the Riv- Menke took a long pqsa ;fr.^ all these preliminary workouts speed eters finished first in the 150 yard Blanken for a counter, SprQyii_ra^e has been the watchword. The mater- backstroke, the 220 yard breast a basket and Blankeij a fpee Jbtow
to make it 10-6. Blanken tyent^bfp.-
ial on hand seems to be well adapted for this type of game, if these impromptu training periods are any indication of things to come. A big job confronts the coachingstaff, because they will be faced with the task of rebuilding the line which will be wrecked by graduation. Missing from the line-up will be co-captains of last year’s teaih, guards Tommy Melton and Jim Miller. Other linemen that will not be on hand to answer the openingwhistle will be: ends. Bill Combs and Jim Rush, tackles Halo Rossi and Pete Timperman; and center. Bob Johnson. Iron Man Johnson although not a senior has left school, and it is not very likely that he will return for the coming campaign.
Moire Positions To Fill
Not only does Burnham have to replace an entire varsity line, but he also has to find men to replace Big-. John Petty at fullback and Johnny Galvin at halfback, Galvin did not play very much last fall as he was put out of action during the fall with: a painful face injury. Big John Petty will be harder to replace, because he played the ma- • jeiV:Poi-tion of every game and was equally adept on offense and de-
fense.
'The nucleus of, next year’s varsity will be the group of returning lettermen. As reinforcements, Coach Burnham will have some capable freshmen -i with whose play he is familiar. Boasting the varsity monogram ate: ends, Shimei- and King;
Frosty Sprowl
del-, Tierney niade a free thi-q-ttfj.^d Sprowl broke free to sccore agaipj. to make it 15-7. Sachs, Wvkfl^tSi and then Sachs again liit long sliptS
from far out in succesaion
row the count. Sprpwl made a *f^e.e throw and Phillip did tlje aaipe'-to end the half with Purdue leading 16-14. : , ; ■ < jMathiesen Enters t}ie Fray ; ;
Purdue conteolled the b^it, ,;i^r three minutes of the-, second before Illinois touched itj,;
Menke finally pivoting for onq.aiid Tierney adding a free, toss.^SBfiiiey hit his first one from the ’si^ Sprowl and Tierney matchgdj feast kets with Phillip and Smiley;,,!© make it 24-19. At this, pbint' Jiig Art Mathiesen came into the feUll game and added the scoring punch that meant victory. ’ j*-!'
The six foot five inch giant fajj^d
into the open for,, his ,^rst sefere,
then Phillip hit on-a tip in.: ,i Tierney hit a one hander
close in. Mathiesen madediis se^iii on a luckily deflected pass to m^e
it 27-25. Sprowl made good a throw, Smiley a free throw
Phillip a long looper to tie it 28^98. The game went three minutes fee* fore Sprowl hit one on the loo¥e,t4 go into the lead. ' j,!;-
Mathiesen immediately san^ a
pair of free throws to tie it^pp
... topped the Riveters in ^scoring last night at Champaign. His fourteen points made him high man
for the evening,. Frosty has been again. Here the Boilermakers Iqqsone of the top point makers in the ened their attack, and after seye^ul Big Ten for the last two seasons, mad races Mathiesen batted on®|iu and has been one of the most feared to make it 32-30, Pfeilllp
tackles, O’Bryan,. French, and War- marksmen in the Western Confer- other seconds later oh a fast ren; guards, Vecs and Powers; ence. Rival coaches .will not miss ing play that gave IlKnoife thfetr backs Hajzyk, Smerke, Berto, Cook, Frosty in the .Boilermaker .line-up, last-, score,- , .,j , ' Anderson, Meakini, Smock, Andre- but fans on this campus most cer- The Boilermakeps tich, and Schumacker. tainly will. • while the crowd was-■W.iidJy,jeh^f|r ’ . ing for the Hlini to hold the-l^il;.
Despite Sprowl’s last minute;l^g shot, and a strong fighting att0|^t
by the, entire
gun went off beforp the Black could get another scoring bfe-r purtunity. i , Mickey .'Sierney was an outst^d* ing attraction‘tonight by his fee^u* -tifol baU’handling and,.dribbliiig;.^t hibition. Time aud^agaiti he Vance .£);ut,.ofvpqsititn, and then'^ig .Henry‘Sashs was put the dir^Pative forward, StiRhewas theniujh' qpg in the ball controlling gaine^. f'
THE DIFFERENCE IS NO CHEMICALS
ONLY TWO HOEHS MOTILE is necessary to qet a delicinusly fresh pie made to your order.
PIE BAKERY / ■ 211 South St., W. L. Pli^ 6839
Launderies that use harsh chemicals often send your clothes back with frayed threads; With our excellent cabe and mild soap, we do the job like it should be done.
Northwestern ul Vine
Phone 4081
THIS WEEK ONLY^ FREE:-Ii FOUNVUN PH IKSKCTIMix
a stora cuur* t«sy, our •xpiib vndlt inspa^ yaur pan and rafil| it ; with SKRIP friia. Bring in yourtl
■0:Purdue Exponent
Sunday, Mareh% 194Si
9tL JhSL ChuhdfuiA.
Dammon, Coolidge Merry-Go-Round...
To Meet South Bend High School Seniors
Wtst Lafaj ctle Baptist Church V Rev. Joseph Baird Gleason, Minister and Pastor of Students 30—Rogoi Williams Club Class —J B Gleason, teachei Subiect I^aiables of Jesus ‘ 10 36—Chuich AVoiship Sci\icc > “Btmonstiation of Chuich Pio gram” by J B Gleason Music by t1hc thou, “God So Loved the World.” 6 30—Roger Williams Club Fellowship Hour—Conducted In the shoit couise students 6 00—Suppei, 15 cents 6 30—Discussion Gioup—Speak Cl Pi of L Hadlei on “Youth in the Quest of God ”
, Purdue Christian rouiidatioii Sundai Program Lafaieitc Christian Chuich ' Sixth and North St 9 15—Catch iide fiom Ijl South Grant 9 30—Student Class Assemble downstaiis Come hcai Pi of T K Noss of the Sociologi Dept speak pnlhe subject, “Jesus Begins His Journey For Jciusalein ” 10 40—Chuich Woiship Seriice The Re\ Doj le Mullen continues his feOries of seimons on the subject “Religion and Life’s Pioblems” Open Communion eveiy Sunday , 5 16—lOe Suppei at 131 South Giant 6'45—Leave toi Chuich building ^ 6i00—Sundaj Evening Foiuin Several outstanding seniois will dis iiuss the quCjStion, “W'hat The Foun Ration Has Meant To Me ’ Hubeit Reynolds will lead” us in woiship 'Piogiam closes at 7 30
Claience E Dammon, diiectoi of admissions at the Univeisity, and Miss Claie Coolidge, assistant dean of women, will conduct the annual conference foi South Bend high school seiiiois. Match 12 and 13 at \aiious high schools in South Bend Each yeal Mi Dammon and Miss Coolidge conduct these sessions foi the benefit of high school seniois who aie in doubt as to then futuie plans The diffeient fields of Woik aie discussed and each student is helped to find out foi himself what kind of woik he is interested in Also the different aspects of the tiaining offered by the Univeisity will be discussed with the idea in Mcw of helping piospective stu dents to make cleat in then Illinois what thc> will leceive if they go to college Daninion and Miss Coolidge will visit Riley and Washington High schools on Match 12 and Ccntial aTid Adams High schools on Maich
Sion will be held in the Lourige
Unitcrsitv Presbj tenaii Church , John W. Findlev, Minister Jim Chase, Choir Diicctor , Joanne Llovd Organist ^ 9 30—Student Class led by Di jfjotdon H Glaves ^ 10 30—Morning Woiship The speaker at this seivicc will be Di jflcitick Young of New Yoik The chon will, sing, “Heai M'^ PiaAci O God,” by C Albeit Scholm 5 45—The Sunday Evening Club will meet foi suppei and a social houi C 45—Dr Young will speak and lead a discussion on “Chi istianiti in a Post Wai Woild ” This discus
The esltj rouiidation Sundaj Program at the Fust Methodist Church (Corner Chauiieej and South Sts ) 9 oO—Thicc Student Classes 1 “The Life of Chiist’ taught by Dean M L Fishei De in of Men A class that eveiy student will want to attend 2 “Undei standing Oiii selves” taught by Mi J C Fianklin of the P‘'yeholog> Dept A eoiuse planned to lielp us get along with otheis i “The Meaning of Piatei” ta’ught by Rev E R Bulsle\ A class planned to discovei the facts about pia> ei 10 40-—Moiniug Woiship Doctoi Otto Scott Steele will speak on “The New Cieation ” Special music will be furnished b\ the Paul Tinchei Smith Memoiial Chon 5 45—Weslev Vespeis Following the games and fellow ship peiiod thiee discussion com missions will be diieeted by stu dents on the geneial theme “What Should Be The Attitude of the Chiistian Student In Times Like These ” E\ei\ student is invited to anj 01 all of these seiviccs
(Continued fioih page 2) business, uiiioiih are under no real public control Their finances are handled in slrictest secrecy, so that only in a tew unions can even the members find out what IS done with then dues Also, with few exceptions, unions are bossruled, by officers who in some cases were not even originally elected by the members Many unions have not had conventions for years The Hod Caiiieis Union is one of these Its autociats did not hold a convention for 30 yeais—fiom 1911 to 1941—and its piesent head, beefy Joe Moieschi, “assumed” the piesidency Nepotism among union officials IS even worse than it is in Congress—where it is lampant John L Lewis, for example, has toui members of his family on his union paj roll and it’s a rare labor bigshot who doesn’t have at least one relative drawing a fat union
salary
Both the AFL and CIO have vio lently fought a'll legislative attempts to foice them to clean up then internal affaiis and to demo eiatize their management But that
isn’t all
Pure Dictatorship Many union moguls also lesort to dicta tonal measuies to pi event out laged membcis fiom seeking legal lelief fiom plundeiing The HCCLU IS one of the unions that uses such methods All example of such tactics occurred leeently at Key West, 1 la , wheie extensive goveinmeiit building operations are in progress M 1 t h o u t even going through the motions of consulting then members, the Hod Carriers’ organizer in Miami ordeied a consolidation ot the two locals in Kej West and installed seVeial ot Ins henchmen as officers of the combined unit When aftei months of battling the Key Westeis called a meeting, elected then own otfieeis and de manded an accounting the oigan i/ei set iside the cleetion as ille
Ag Short Course Class To Make Inspection Trip Prof J W. Wilbur and P R Elhker, of the Daiiy Husbandly Department, will depait Tuesday, With their class of eight students, on a Dairy Pi eduction Shoit Cduise Inspection Toui The trip is designed to acquaint the students with piactical applications of methods used in daily pioduction The class will visit sevcial faims and a modem daily before letuining home Tuesday night
gal and his henchmen refused to tuin ovei the bopks When the members hired a lawyer, the organizer issued a ukase that unless they dropped the legal action he would fire them from the union—and thus, in effect, depiivc them of their means of livelihood The members, however, refused to scale, and couit hearings brought out some very interesting facts It was disclosed that at the HCC LU convention last September, dictatoiial piovisions were wiitten into the union’s constitution without knowledge of the membeiship at large Also that, although monthly meetings ait piesciibed foi all Locals, none had been held in Key West foi months Also that, without previous knowledge by the membeiSj^dues weie jumped fiom $1 to $1 60 a month When some members refused to pay the boost, the organizer had them discharged fiom their jobs under threat of pulling a strike unless they were fired Furthei, one of the lebel officers testified that before the consolidation his Local had a $979 bank balance, but that afterwaids he could find no trace of the money No evidence was piesented in eoiiit of what liad become of these funds—taken out of the pay of the v\Olivers in the form of dues Note Senatoi Elbert Thomas of Utah chan man of the Senate La boi committee and a friend of laboi, is quietly working on legislation to compel unions to make public financial lepoits (Copyiight, 1942, b\ United Featuie Syndicate, Ine )
Notices
Student ll«hcr» Student/ ushers and police at varnity bnskctbull jramts KWt thtir moiity at the ticket oITicl in the FicldbouBc —DOAN lunior Mechanical Engineers All junior ME 8 who have not filled out their pci Honncl record cards should stop at the of fice in the Mechanical EnKinceutipr Build inpf and fill out then cards before Sutui day March II VOGLBR Alpha Phi Omcffo There will be a meet ing Tuesday March 10 at 7 dO p m in room Jot of the Union Dr Sours will speak SIGI EU Union Workers Sophomore and fresh man boys please attend an important meet mg at 4 jO p m on Monday March 9 in Union office —WORD Triton Club Tlurc will be a regular meet ing Tuesday Maieh 10 at 7 30 p m in the women s pool —KRAEPELICN Scriveners No meeting Sunday Maich 8 —UILOLL WestmiuHtcr Foundation Blackout iiaitv I ridny March 13 Meet in the church lounge nt 7 45 p m Ihen will he games and rcfrcbhmenta served Lveryone ib in
viled
—THOMA Wentniinster Girls Club Meeting lues day March 10 it Mrs Imdlevs home 12) Sheets st Supper at 5 JO Election hjC of
(leers
- VlRlUi
Kappa Psi Me ting of ill actives ml pledges 111 loom Jll of Uu Phuimacv Build ing Wednesday March 11 at 4 p m University Womens Club Annual liusi ness meeting will be held on Monday Maich 9 at 3 p m III the West Faculty Lounge
of the Union
-BRANDLNBlRG Impoitant meeting lues nt 4 1) p m in the read the Chemical Eiitmecring
101 of the ME building Pleaac notify mo if interested —GEIGER Distingiiishcd students Kcfuiids arc now IV ill tbit at the tushlei a ulTice in the Lxteiilive Building —UOLLENSBL ASME Deadline for membership in ASMI this veui will be Monday March 0 Memberyhip blanks are available in ML olhtc —lOPlNKA WAA Members Petitions for WAA Coun(li positions must be turned in to the WAA office 111 the gym by luesduv March 10 —PIDGEON Women Students Coeds iiiteiebled in summer woik Bhould (ile applications with the Womens phutmenl service m the Ex eeulive Building befoie Saturday Mauh 17
ILNDT
WAA Ping Pong Ihnd round ef tour nainent must l>e played olf by I uesday Maich 11 Heekait vs Mein/er 1 austicli vs Cooper Miller vs Radtrsloif SCHUBER Supliomorc Aero s All n( plienlions for BS Aero I ngr degiee must be on (lie in re urn 210 MI building not laiei than Muieb lb in order to be eousideied
- WOOD
Phi I amiida llpsilon Business meeting Llection of pledges liusdav Miitb 10 5 00 in room 129 of (he (hem Annex All mem hers aie leeimsteel to be piesent MONiGOMlKY
Agriculturist Schedule for fd iunlors is as follows oU Tuesdtiy Mar6h 10, in the Agriculturist dffice Butler, 4 10, Felix 4 20 Beigci 4 30, Davis, 4 40.Die»slin 1 45 NoidliUger, 4 65, Hardesty, 6 06 lee 6 15 Brown 6 26 —SNYDER Lonvo Ushers Will the following ushers foi (be eonvo Sunday afteri^oon please be at the Music Hull at 8 16 p rti Oplliater, Frici MacDonald Gannon Rcdwinc Ilttyarei, Guthenc —DEUSTER Kappa Delta Pi Meeting Tuesday March 10 at 7 15 p m in Felucation Building 8t*leetion of pledges and report of nationaf convention —HAYS Agriculturist Departmental editors bo sure to have applications turned In for your sueeessois by Monday March 9 at 4 fit the Agneultunst office —SNYDER Activities Bureau. Meeting Monday Mir 1) at 4 15 p m foi all sophomores juniors ami Hcnio) membeis Procedure for flllhg petitions wiU be discussed Important
SCHOUNSTEIN
Browsjng Ruoin Cammittcc Meeting of ail comrnittee members Tuesday Maf 10, at 4 15 t»m —HUDSON A I Ch L All chemical enipineers and chemistry students are invited to hear 1 or””Hst A Anderson H Icctuie Industry s ChaL lenge to Chemical Education*’ at 7 30 Weilriesdav Mar 11 in Room 120 EE Build”* mg —KRAYBILL
Chi Epsilon dav March 10 ing room of
building
-COHEN
ME 10 Make-Up ex-^ins Txaminutions to remove G and I grades in ML 80 will be given Saturd ly Maieh 14 at 1 p m in loom
Zouaves Iheie will be an inipiitant meeting Monel iv March 9 at t p m in th Aimoiy Miehigaii Slile dull will be elis cussed Disiegaid pitvious notue GUAI WAA Sbufrieboard Hind lound of loui iianient must be plived oil bv J ucsda\ Maieh 11 JJjwer vs Sliill Sebiiber vs 3 ihnson bCIlUBl U SC A Be aid niteting iuesilay Maich 10 at i 10 pm FtrLiiunl matte i will be dis cussed J till atteiiela ite leetuiud MOCiAVLUO YWCA letitioiis for tabiii t peisUioiis due 111 olliee Wednesday March 11 SMIIII Alpha I ailibdu Delta Meeting in sday Maich 10 m ro im 2J1 of tlie Umem at t p ni Speiker will be Mi s Bind of Ibe elepailmeiit of ilnsica! edueatien fe i worn cn Lverye>ne be theie MucDONALD Radio Club Meetim, lu seh v Mneh 10 it 7 pm m re m 5 of Jlu 11 Builelinj Dooib will be locked it 15 —MILIS
Wanted I nil time stenographer and general office aRsisinnt Purdud,'^ back* ground preferred Apply by letter* Bx* poiicnt Box No t
lypcwnters Adding Miaehinei all mak^a solel rented lepaired and purchased MimC”* igi iph work done C F Ebersholf b05 Mam, Lafijette Phone 2779 Mimeographing and typing—bulletings letters etc Stairs Mercuntel Service^ 121 N 1th St Lost C ill hst Key Lettering W R P, on back Reward Cal! Wally 86203
EDGERTON HDWE.JNC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
To save your clothes from \ Moth Damage, we use the Moiiite Moth-Proof Proeess— To improve your personal appearance use Crown Cleaning Regularly, @fiowN Laundry
Top of the Hill
Shirts
DONE EXACTLY TO ORDER
Slarehcel . . .
^ Finishcel
Washed . . . '
15c each
DIAL 7278
AMEiimN [mm
132 Noith>\eblcin A>e.
FREE FOUNTAIN PEN CHECK-UP Have you a dependable fountain pen 2 Keep it that way It deserves an annual inspection |ust as much as a watch This week our inspection is free—and we II refill it with SKRIP to boot Bnng in yours today.
PmEBC0Kf^SIJPPlYSTOE
?O0 10 iTATF HPtfl WEST LAFAYETTE IND
— RATES—. 1 Paiticsciiger 35c 2 Paj»j»ciigcrj* 50c 3 Pasisciigcrj* 75c 4 Passsciigcr.s $1.00 Phone 5023
WE GREASE OUR OWN Why worry about tires and upkeep on your own ear? One of our many serviecs is lo do all) this worrying lor you. ' Just eall a
YELLOW
The Way to Cut Expenses and Increase Sales Is to Advertise in the PURDUE EXPDIVEIVT
^ I