STATE DEFEATS Riveter blamondmen I h Extra-I nnjn^ Game
Eitabliihad 1889
SHALL SENIORS Cords? Edit On Discusses Changes^
Daily Since 1906
Volume 53/ No* 184
West Lafayette/ Indiana
Sunday, May 3, IflT
Over 1,100 Seniors Will Receive
Chss Of 17 Regisfration Opens Will H 0 Id TomoirowAtS A.M. Breakfast for Summer Term
Six Alumni To Receive Honorary Degrees Board To Issue ^ ■—iBMiMii Books At
/
Today's Meeting Will Honor Gray Members of the silver anniversary class of 1917 are holding a breakfast this morning in the South Ballroom of the Union in honor of Harold Gray, creator of “Little Orphan Annie” and “Maw Green.” Programs have been printed with a cartoon by Gray, showing Annie and Sandy hitch-liiking their way back to ‘Old Purdue’ with what appears to be a bag full of bottles. Cartoon Honors Gray A liinited number of copies of the Exponent have been printed with a cartoon, drawn by John T. McCutcheon honoring Gray. The drawing shows Gray, Prexy Elliott, Little Orphan Annie, Sandy and Maw Green, with well-knowii vleWs, of the University cainpus in the back-
ground.
According to Ken Quivcy, in charge of preparations for the breakfast, a ncar-rccord turnout is expected for this program. Two members of the 1917 football team are in town for the celebration this week-end. They are M. J. Proud, of Memphis, and C. A. Buechner, now connected with the Pure Oil Co. Earl Ross, Chicago, editor of the “Steel’ trade journal will attend this morning. Purdue Club Presidents Two Purdue Club presidents will be in to,wn today. They are W. W. Lance, of the Pittsburgh club, who is connected with the Aluminum Company of America, and M. F. Taggart, of Cassopolis, Michigan, president of the. South Bend Club. Floyd S. Weimer has traveled all the wa.y from Great Falls, Montana for the reunion. Weimer is now acting as assistant general superinten-. dent of the Anaconda Copper Min-
ing Co.
J. S. Babcock, an attorney from Franklin, Pennsylvania, and George K. Batt, Moaitclair, New Jersey, are two late registerers who will be at the breakfast this morning. YMCAWill Collect Books For Students War Prisoner’s Aid of the YMCA is' sponsoring the collection of technical books for former students who are now prisotiers-of-war in this country-Many of these students desire to further their education but are unable to obtain books for study; and this is the only means by which books can be provided. Boxes Available This program has been endorsed by the Student War Council, and the local book stores and the book exchange are cooperating by placing boxes in prominent positions. These boxes will be marked by signs and will serve as depositories for any books. Many books are outmoded by changes in University courses, and it is hoped that students will contribute books that cannot be sold. These books still have a great deal of value to the students held in prison camps. Shakespeare Class Open To 50 Students Beginning with the summer semester, the enrollment in English 45, Appreciation 'of Shakespeare’s Art and Thought, will be limited, to 00. Only those students who have a cumulative index of 3.6 or better will be admitted. Grades of B or lower will be determined by regularity of attendance, while grades of A or higher will be given for work of acceptable quality. The provision that a grade of B will be given for attendance of 90 per cent of the class sessions is no longer in effect.
Following is the alphabetical schedule for registration tomorrow. As usual students dre required to present last semester’s schedule of classes for ad-
niission to the armory.
Monday, May 4 Aa-Bah Bai-Bii' Bir-Brn Bro-Ce Cf-Cot ............... Cou-Dem Den-Fow Fox-Goe Gof-Haq Har-Hn Ho-Iz Ua-Kel Kcin-Kz :...... La-Loo
.. 9:00 ..11:00..11:30- .. 1:00 .. 1:30 .. 2:00 .. 2:.30 .. 3:00 .. 3:30 .. 4:00 .. 4:30-
9:30 A.M. 10:00 A.M. •10:30 A.M. 11:00 A.M. 11:30 A.M. •12:00 A.M. - 1:30 P.M. - 2:00 P.M. - 2:30 P.M. -3:00 P.M. -.3:30 P.M. - 4:00 P.M. - 4:30 P.M. - 5:00 P.M.
Classes Of'92,'17
Tuesday, May 5 Lop-Mil 8:00- 8:30 A.M. Mim-Nee 8:30- 9:00 A.M. Nef-Par 9:00- 9:30 A.M. , Pas-Qz 9:30-10:00 A.M. Ra-Rop 10:00-10:30 A.M. Roq-Sch ..........10:30-11:00 A.M. Sci-Sk 11:00-11:30 A.M. Sl-Ste : 11;C0-12:00 A.M. Sff-Wak 1:00- 1:30 P.M. Wal-Wik 1:30- 2:00 P.M. Wil-Zz 2:00-2:30 P.M. III. New undergraduate and special students register according to their Orientation, numbers on Tuesday, May 6:
1- 10, 11- 20, 2l'- 30, 31- 40, 41- 60, 61- GO, 61- 70, 71- 80, . 81- 86,. 86- 90, 91- 96, 96-100;
1001-1060 1051-1100 1101-1160 1161-1200 1201-1260 1251-1300 1301-1350 1361-1400 1401-1425 1426-1460 1461-1476 1476-1500
8:00 A.M. 8:30 A.M. 9:00 A.M. 9:30 A.M. 10:00 A.M. 10:30 A.M. 11:00, A.M. 11:30 A.M. 1:00 P.M. 1:30 P.M. 2:00 P.M. 2:30 P.M.
With the opening of registration tomorrow morning the Tippecanoe county rationing board will begin the issuing ,of ration books to all students over 18 years of age. During the two days of registration the board will have a booth at the south door of the armory so that the students won’t have to go to Morton high school to obtain their books. —— This booth will not be an in-
tegral part of registration antf it will be the student’s own re^ sponsibility to see that he registers at that time. Although sugar is the only product on the rationing list for which the books are to be used at the present time, these books will be needed for ether commodities before long; and Dwight O’Ferrellj of the rationing board, believes that every student should have one.
Under 18 Can’t Register
Students who are under 18 years of age should advise their parents to register for them at their respective homes if they want to obtain their ration books, and those students who are unable to obtain their books at the armory tomorrow or Tuesday may obtain them by going to Morton high school either
Wednesday or Thursday.
Following are quotations from “The Plan for Distributing War Ration Book One for Individual Consumers’’ Which are of special interest to students enrolled in the
University.
University To Offer Courses In Nutrition,
The six alumni pictured above will be awarded honorary degrees by the University this afternoon at the graduation exercises for outstanding work in their respective fields. Reading from right to lett on the top row they are: John Howard Collier, who attended the University from 1901 to 1903, and who will be awarded the degree of Master of Industry; Kenneth Cook Long, member of the class of 1914, who will be awarded the degree of Master of Industry; John Clyde Marquis, who was a member of the classes of 1904 and 1 909, and who will be awarded the degree of,Doctor of Agriculture; and reading from left to right on the bottom row: Vurdette Shields Wright, member of the classes of 1915 and 1923, who wib'receive the degree of Doctor of Engineering; Francis Eugene Bibbins, member of the class of 1904, who will be awarded the honorary degree of Doctor of Science; and Roscoe Seybold, member of the class of 1907, who will be awarded the degree of Doctor of Engineering. „ Graduation Will Climax
Canteen Operation Gala Week Celebration
Two 20 hour courses in nutrition and canteen work will be offered by the home economics department starting tomoiTow night at 7 in the home economics auditorium. These courses will train' workers in the proper care foi’ large groups of persons in case of emergency. Although no University credit will be given for these courses, the American Red Cross will'aWard a certificate to those successfully com-
pleting the course.
Course Repeated By Request ITiis nutrition course is an exact duplicate of the course offered March 1 in which 100 persons enrolled. The course is being repeated because several townspeople ' and students have asked the department to offer such courses. Although faculty members, townspeople, and .students are privileged to take either course, a course in nutrition is required as a prerequisite for the canteen course. This is the first time that the canteen course has been offered. The nutrition coui'se will train lay volunteers to assist in group feeding under adverse conditions. The Canteen course will give training in the e(iui))ping, operation and management of both stationary and
mobile canteens.
The canteen course will be taught by Professors Gamble and Clark, and the nutrition course will be taught by Pi'ofessor Bloye. Coed Hours Coed hours for the week beginning Sunday, May 3—12 p.in.; Monday, May 4—12 p.ni.; 'rue.sday. May 5—11 p.m. Starting Wednesday, May 6, regular hours shall be in effect. AWS Judicial Board—
R. O.T. C. Seniors Will Receive Commissions As Lieutenants Climaxing the annual Gala .Week celebrations, the University will award diplomas this afternoon at 3 p. m., to over 1,100 seniors at the G8th graduation exercises in the Music Hall. Also at this time 170 cadets of the advanced ROTO will be commis.sioned as Second Lieutenants in the armed forces of the United States. • AnoLbpr highlight of the graduation exercises will be the presentation of honorary degrees to six graduate.s or former students of the University for their outstanding achievements in,their respective ficlda-. The honor- ; '
ary degrees to be conferred arc as
follows. , '
Award Doctor of Science Degree Francis / Eugene Bibbins, who graduated from the school of Pharmacy in 1904, will be presented with a Doctor of Science degree by Dean C. L. ■Jenkins of the Pliarmacy school. Bibbiiis has lionc outstaudproducls and new standards of nicdiing work in the invesligalion of new clues and is a co-author of many ar-
ticles dealing with pliarmaceutical are requested to report:
Navy Man
All students who have receivedtheir commissions iu the navy but, have not been sworn iu, please report to L'aptaiii J. €.fremoiit and Mr. Vogler at 11:00 a. m. in Room
301 at Purdue Union.
In addition, the following men
and chemistry subjects. , ' John Howard tiollicr, who was a student at the Univo'sity from 1901 to 1903, will he awarded the degree of Master of Industry by Prof. R. B. Wile.y. Collier, who is Picsident of Grade Co., Chicago, will he awarded this degree in recognition of a career distinguished by pi’ogressive advancement from humble service to high rank '^in American industrial life, through technical skill, self-discipline and devotion to duty. Kenneth Cook Long, who was a member of the class of 1914, will be awarded the degree of Master of Industry by Prof. H. L. Solberg. (See GRADUATION, Page 4)
IV. K. Foresinaii, E. J. Holderinan, Harold Lambertus, W. H. McCloud, R. E. Holier, It. L. Nes.slcr, F. H. Habichl, C. VV. Hosier, W. P. Mauck, David Dittiuer, W. B., Kinyon, James W. Jackson, I. H. Glazer, R. Kimmel, .1. S. McNulty, N. Oslroff, M. B. Bernhard, W. H. (Htiiig, R. I. Robinson, R. T. Morrison, Josepli Nemeth, W. S. Sehalck, C. Zywiec, H. E. Znvers, N. A. Shane. All (hose to be sworn-ill the Naval Air l'’orec are also requested to report. W. E. Vogler.
Book Exchange Starts Sales On Tuesday; Receiving To Continue Student Book Exchange, sponsored each semester by the Student Union as a non-profit organizf^ion, will continue to receive liooks Monday morning at 10 in the south ballropm of the Union. Passports will be required when the books to be sold are presented at the exchange. 'rhe, sale of books will begin next 'Tuesday morniug and will carry through until Friday, May 16. AltlioLigh books may be brought to the exchange for .sale any time during this period, it is advised by persons in charge that books to be sold be brought in as soon as possible.
May 20 Is Deadline
All unsold books and the money for books sold must be called for before May 20 or they will become the property of the Student Union. Students leaving for the summer may obtain the money from their books that are sold by leaving a stamped self-addressed envelope at the exchange. ~ The money will be sent by money order, minus charges. All hooks not sold will be sent, to • the students by parcel post, C. 0. D. Dr. Lillian Gilbreth ... of the general engineering department, arrived by airplane Friday from Scripps College, Calif., and will remain on the campus over the week-end for Gala Week program. While here she will help with _the plans for the AWS counselors.
EnioHTo Hold Open House For Aliimni With the coining of the final day
of gala week, the program will include in addition to commencement the annual Gala Week Dinner to be held in the north ballroom of the Union at noon today. At the dinner the class of ’92 will be honored with golden certificates which \yill be presented by Pres. E. C. Elliott; and the class of ’17 will be awarded silver certificates. Loyalty certificates will be given to the members of
the ’87, ’97, ’02, ‘07, ’12 classes. Preceding the luncneon. Dr. and
Mrs. Elliott will hold open house for alumni at their home on South
Seventh Street in Lafayette. At the annual business meeting
of the Purdue Alumni Association held yesterday W. Heni’y Roberts, Indiahapolis; graduate of ’12 class, was elected president of the organization. Roberts has been vice-presi-dent and acting president since the death of William H. Winterrowd of
Philadelphia last fall.
Ernest Chosen Vice-President Fritz B. Ernest, Chicago, ’00, was elected vice-president; John R; Jamison, Lafayette, ’29, recording secretary; L. L. Sisloff, Louisville, Ky., ’22, director of the Indianapolis district; Charles H. Quinn, Lo;s Angeles, ’99, director for the Pacific coast region and William A. Hanley, Indianapolis, alumni representative on the board -of trustees. Another highlight on yesterday’s program was the special Gala Week convocation presented by the. campus musical organizations last night in the Music Hall. The Symphonic Band, University Choir, Concert Choir, Glee Club and Orchestra participated in the program. Albert P. Stewart directed the two choirs and the glee club; Prof. Paul Spotts Emerick, the band; and Joseph M.
Ragains, the orchestra.
MikeMurphy Will Fly Today
At Airport
Among the events on the program of the final day of Gala Week will he a demonstration of acrobatic flying by the international stunt champion, Mike Murphy, at the University airport at 3 this afternoon. Murphy is the undisputed champion having won every trophy in the pcrobatic field at the major air meets iu this country and abroad during the last two years. Among his possessions are all the trophies from the Miami, Cleveland, Cuba, and the national meet at Dayton,
Ohio, last year.
Murphy |is now connected with the Army Air Corps, but by special permission will be able to perform today and show what should not be done with an airplane by the ordin-
ary airplane pilot.
E. C. EinoH Ref'ums From Washington Pres. E. C. Elliott, returned Friday from Washington, where he was called last Sunday by the Secretary of War to attend a meeting of the leaders of higher education to consider plans for closer cooperation between the War Department and educational institutions. In order to complete this work Pi'esident Elliott expects to return to Washington during the coming week.
Who Is Correct Person To Apply? - Only the following classes of sons may apply: 1. Persons of any age who are iiot a part of any Family Unit. (A patent, guardian or responsible .adiiit must apply for such persons under 18 years of age who are hot selfsupporting, and may apply fpr invalids who are not members of Family Units, and not confined in
institutions.)
2. Persons who are applying for every member of a Family Uiiitt (Such applicants must be 18 yeats or over) married persons, if tmd^ 18. If you are in doubt as to a person’s age or identity, ask him Or to submit reasonable pyoof as to age or identity.) Melton Wins Kizer Trophy; Barwegen Takes Frosh Award Tom Melton, one of the co-c4p-tains on the 1941 Boilermaker fopfball team, was awarded the Nobfe E. Kizer Memorial trophy last tlii;bt at the annual banquet of the alumiU. association. This trophy offered fot the first time last year by MifcHoll Menacof is awarded to “The Pprdue football player who has brought national recognition to the University through outstanding ability on tlte gridiron and in the class room.” ,
Second Award
, Last year, Ted Axton, received the first award of this series. Thinmy Melton was placed on toph;^ conference all star teams at gti^;d, even though he was hampered by in?juries for a large part of the season. In the Michigan State game played here, Tommy repeated^ r«Sturned to action in spite of reenrrences of his injuries. The alumni association also made their annual presentation of a wafcit to the freshman football player arbo has made the greatest improvemepi during spring practice. Dick ^rwegan, freshman guard from CbU cago, Illinois, was named the vriiner of this award. Henry midget halfback from Gary, afil® named the alternate. ’ Qualifications For Possession In order for the winner to permanent possession of the wa#; he must return to school in the fill semester eligible to compete,^' case the winner fails to meet tbeie requirements, then the altejftt#t(i;^ft| the recipient of the gift. AccQwijili!'' to the committeo making the gptisc* tions, the selection of any one was particularly dhttiealt this
y> mi '*1 ’U
I I
I .Vi^ai* I
m-
M^2
Exponent Editorial Page
Sunday^ May 3, 1942
Annie Brings Home The Bacon
WBAA
IT’LL BE TH’ TWENTT-FIFTH RFUHIOM AM A BARREL O' FUN FOR ALL TH’ REST O TH’ SfVEtlTEEriERS, BUT IF WE ODM'T 6eT THERE WITH 'P/^DD'f'S" OLD SUITCASE IT'LL BE JUST MAT TWO AN’ THREE FOR EH, SAHDT?
MONDAY, MAY 4, 1942
Publicity directors ~ To Altend Meeting
OniN Al<«> BEARiRT
9 4610 00-
LAFAYETTE
Ml
-News -Cole Biotheis Cujtub Intel view 10 B5—News 11 00—Music 11 50—PuidueNcvb 11 56—News ^ 12 00—Agricultuial Foium 12 30—Meet the Band 12 56—News
-plan
HAROLt> cSRAT ■
This cartoon was drawn cspeciallj foi the twenty fitlh annuersarj reunion of his class by Harold Gray ’17 creator of Little Orphan Annie It is here lepiinted thiough the courtesy of O K Quney,’17
1 00—Light Classics 1 15—Foods, Facts Fancies 1 30—Bettei Homes 1 46—Maikets 1 55—News 2 00—Story a Day 2 15—Radio Camera Club 2 30—Safety Piogiam 2 45—Music 2 557—News 8 00—Mary Louise Reppeit-
ist
3 16—Afternoon Melodies 3 30—Oigan Moods—Maiy Louise
Reppeit
8 55—News
4 00—Tea Time Tunes
4 30—Music
4 45—The Cuiio Man
4 50—Music 4 55—News
6 00—Just Relax
5 30—Vespeis
-Little Miss Mutfett
-News
-Dinnei Horn
-Spoits Review
6 45—Music 6 65—News
7 00-—Social Sccuiity 1 30—Eleanoi Slopesma—>singti 8 30—Ted Gi int Gets the Stoiy 8 45—Eventide Echoes
8 55—News
9 00^—Musicana
9 55—News
10 05—^Oif the An
5 455 556 006 30-
Purdue Exponent
AH-American 1940-'41
Offices Editorial and Business, Purdue Memorial Onion Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m, 5377
Editor in Chief News Editor Managinfir Editor Business Manager Circulation Manager Coed Editor
John r Amos Don T Brophy John H Armstrong William D Millard Ken K Gjemre Alice Chatfield
Publicahon Staff
Asbociatc Editors Editorial Staff K W B % i kli D L BUl7 W G Hoskins A t Hunter D W Och llrct W E Rafcrt Sports Staff D L Brt vci J S Dawson L L Karpick B W Kncgcr Coed Staff Sallv B all Charlotte Ilabs Jean Lauer Dons Pickerint,
Business Staff
Coed Business Manager Julia Martin Advertising IV^nagcrs J M Wnght D L Johnson Circulation M^mager G H K1 uman Accounts Manager frena rorrenj^a Junior Coed Managers Ellen Clark Jane Keim
Staff For This Issue Night Editor But/ Day Editor Beall IbSUc Editor Frey man Spoitb Editor Karpick Reporter Vermilion ^
Entered as scond class matter at the post office in Lafny ette, Indiana under the act of CongreHS of March 3 1879 and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103 act of October 3 1917 authorized J inuars^iO 1922 Published daily except Mondey dunni, the rci,ular academic year and weekly during the summer hes i in Delivered locally by car Tier for 13 50 per >ear inml subscriptions $<100
Represented for national advertising 1 y National Advcrtis ing Service Inc Collecr Pnhliaiicis Representatives 420 Madison Ave New \ork N Y
<l.em$UH6T0M MERRT-60-ROUND
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
Senior Cords..
WASHINGTON — Behind the scenes a mighty battle has been lagin,, ovei bananas Result of this battle IS that no moie banaims will leaeh this coim tiy, and we aie laced with the pioblem ot finding means to pie\ent levolution in thiee counliies which have been laigely dependent on banana expoits to the United States Befoic the ^battle w as decided howevei all kinds of diplomatic intiiguc took pi icc In the hist place the Navy found that it needed all of the ships of the Unit ed Fiuit Co and othei piivate shipping lines in the Caiibbean lot cairyiia vit il wai supplies in othei aieas But the mistake was mide oJ notilying the United Fiuit Co diiectly insteid of infoiining the Maiitime Commission So the United I luit to passed word to (he goi ernments of Honduras Guateniali ind Costa Rit i that no moie bananas tould be shipped to the U & A and these eountiies iminediitely llew into at turn It happens that ol Ho dm is s Lotil cxpoi Is 1 man as constitute ex letly 70 pei cent B man also iie 40 ])ei cent of Costi Ric i s cxpoit md 5 pei een^- ot Guitemalis So these counlius piotestid to the Stic Dep u Lineiit md jiiote Lid in no uniiitun tei ms To shut off I in in IS mi uit nol oi l)inkiut>tey to the glow tis hut ilso haul i upLey to tin j-ov inminls loi theie IS an cxpoi I I ix on I in in is
getting more fiom an economic standpoint foi the government— sudh as the use of vital w ar pat ents that the monopolistic eon ilerns eoliti ol---than we would get by t iminal prosecution ‘ It seems i ci y sti inge to me coi tended Bone “that a big coipoi ition can commit a crime igaiiist the government and go scotfiee while oidinaiy people like you ind I ha\e to pay the penalty It s hi^h time Congie«s cleared up the 1 iw on this point Coipoiations can ot away with my thing because they hue a Ipt ot legal shekels to lendei them immure fiom the law They opoiate on the theoiy that thi y havi th^ light to paicel out the whole civili/ed woild like Cae sii 01 a siipei goveinment ind that the people V hom they exploit aie not entitled to know ibout it In stead of stiolnig then biows I think Congiess ought to be^,!!! slap ping them down Note Theic is m old English pioveib that The law doth punish the m in oi won an th it ^te ils the goose f) om off the eommon but lets the gieatci felon loose th it sleds the eommon t om the „oose
lazi Racketeers
Potent Friends
Fiom giadu ition this moining until leyisti it on Monday and Tuesdiy theie will be no legulai senioi class but aftr 1 that the fiiot umnici scmeslci sen 101 class will be boin To many ol us potcnti il sciiiois this his )ncscnted the question of what to do about wca ing coids Many people wc ve talked to ob)ect to coids betause oi then thickness and waimth and let 1 that a substitute tiadi tion should be staiteo Otheis seem to ieel that coids should be worn e\en il they ha\e to be cut oft above the knees to 1 cep us liom ng into solution lollowing a wai council meeting last week some ol the potential seniois discu sed the question ai d decided to piesent a poll to the «tniois at legisti ition to see what the majoiiU ol Ih m waited The choices that will be pieseiited die (1) legulai Coids (2) light weight coids (o) Gold T biiit with Puidut 42 acioss *he chest (4) Light weie,ht cotton slacks (5) Nothing special at lease until I all and (6) any altcinatnc suggistioi The aigumcnt foi coids has been that they aie tiaditional The aiguments against them have been that the heavy ones aie waim foi summei and light weight ones aie too expensive I hose who iavoi 1 shirts point to then low cist those who oppose to tJveii simija ity to many 1 shut alieady woin by fiattiiiitics and athletes and to then extieme intoi Uiality The jn oponeiits oi yelliw sleds point out that they aie cool wasliable not duplicated at iiieseiit qn campus and no moit it ioimal than toids The op jioients point to the fact tliat two pans will be need <d md they would co^t about 60 a jiair ihose who i ivoi nothing loi now led that thi eoid liadilion lopuld be maintained evei to the time ol the yeai i hen wealing them stalls this would mean that the ])iesent August 41 class would iievei wiai them Ihe wealing of toids is oi t of the few lemnants of elasb distinction which i, still letuiicd as tiadition pt Puidue fhe wai stioidd nol be allowed to make us lose it The precedent that is set this yeai will last fnH the durai,tJon oi th< wai and ptimuntnily should file University go on a loiu sonestei jdaii Wc can not affoid to tonsidti it too lightly
So the St ite Depai till nl noLwuitiii) 11 \ i Uition in Cential Ameiica luoLestc 1 tr the N iv^ d Mint me Commission ihe Llilted I iiiitt o ilso h id powciliil fiieiulson the Maritime Commission mtluding Hams Rob son director ot Imeigenty Shipping also IM I Wiltox and Ralph Keating I’ait ol the binuii battle was between the private shipptis who favor ed business as usual and those who favoied an all out w ai effoi t In the end the ill out vv ii ,,ioup woi B in ina hip ments will be stopped the Jiuil bo it^ of the Cuib belli will be taken ove Joi the w ii in toto And to pieycit levoliition in Cential Ameiiea the United States probably will loin moi ey to Ilondu is Cuite mila uid Costa Rica to buy up thei b inanas ind since they lot quid ly feed them to the popuKce oi '^thiow them into the oCa ‘ Yes we have no banana Consent- Decrees One interesting exthange dining the Senate Pat ent Committee s he iiings on the Germ ui caitel agiei ments ot Rohm and Hass Lie Philidelphii plastic glass him w is not lepoiled It arose out oi a double buieled bl ist by benato Homei Bone ol W ishington committee chan man against ‘consent deciees This is the legal device vvhciebv coipoiations i sc ipc anlitiust piosetution by pioniising to be ood in the iutiiit ‘ Ii I should lob a national bank could I sit down with you and t ilk about a consent deciec'' Bine asked William Hiitehiiison oi the Justice Dipait merit s anti trust division ‘No sii replied Hutchinson Youi eiimc would be a idony A monopolv oi i coi spii uy to lestiaiii liadc IS a misJcmcaiioi uiidei the law ‘Well why do you pick out one type of ciininal ioi punishment iiid not aiiothei > pcisistcd Bone ‘I have piaetieed 1 iw and iioiii my txpciiciiee iL seems unusual toi a ciiininal to c nne in and say he IS guilty aid theieupoii to be gently sli oked on the blow and leleased J he consent deti te ’ explained Hulelunsun has been used tor some time and is for the put pose ot (C intiiiued ne \l column)
At Ohio State
T R Johnson diieetoi of public ity loi the University, and R G Woodwoith, assistant duectoi of publicity, will attend the silvei an niveisaiy convention of the Amen tan College Publicity Association to be held May 7 8 and 9 in Co lunbus Ohio at the in\italion of Ohio State Univcisity The high point of the associa tions conyention will be i banquet at which the piincipal speaker will be GoVeinoi John W Biickei of Ohio At othei sessions the publicity eliiectois will devote then time to the subject ol the lole of the col leges of the nation in the wai, and in paitieular the lesponsibilities of the publicity staffs
Ilitlei s semi hysti k il k m ind th it his stooge rciehsta^ vole him m I dielitn il powi s wh di it pi niiptl/ dll' w IS of putiCLilu in te cst to Intelligenci autlioiities in lull It 1 seen t inloi m iti i ton
e iiiii„ i leeent se u d il in high N i/i e 1 de \( 1(11 1 1 e I / 1 lit 1 I eiHii t it vv IS di c V ( 1 Ih it i vve 11 on 111 i/ed I el(t putcetcl ly ligslut Na/ie was loot n the f o( su tpiies ol U 1 0 ts A j) ominciit ( >i eii v olv 1 ii the c fl 11 V the Y 11 dn Ciicm Co vv h lies lie i leei 11 e i id et opei lied in tins w u The fiRiii tompiny would le tent a lip Iroin a Na/i Junction
Its
THISiiili iP immu pTricHNicOtOgP
Sfomng
JOHN MAUREEN RANDOLPH PAYNE* O’HARA. SCOTT
mam;
SUN MON
LUMc
2 HITS
Tne LAUGH SENSATION of the Nation'
The TOUGHEST GUY on t\yo teeU
fietammi mihkhph
umimii Starts TODAY
4
T>i|A i a
Times Editor To Speak
Among the speakers will be Di Benjamin Fine education editoi of the New Yoik Times, Raymond B Howe%1 president of the National FchLoiial Association Piesidents H T Hcald oi Illinois Institute of Technology Ilowaiel L Bevis of Ohio State Univeisity and Timothy Lehmann of Elmhurst College, Bland L Stiadley past piesident ol the Noith Central Association of Colleges and Secondaiy Schools Kenneth C Ray diiector of educa tion foi Ohio, and Giovei Pattei son cditoi of the Toledo Blade
“—and, the bai and recreation loom is a masteipiecelust cold and damp enough to make one feel the need of a good dunk' ’
Dr. Ell soft To Attend
ary that a certain sub commander had oiders to piovision his eiaft for sailing Cnem agent some times a woman would eontaet the olticei and olfei an attractive price on food supplies Ihe or del would be placed ioi vaiious items which only sub eiews aie allowed to have such is eggs coffee preseived fruits and ehoea late A N izi stew iid a member of the gan^ chicled olt the order is fully leeeived and si^^iud the vouch CIS loi piyment Bui icti illy i poilioii oi the v il liable Older w rs not jiiit aboiid This loot w IS eitliei icv-ol! to the govci n ment on anothci sub oidei or dis tiibuted to the N i^;is in the racket Note In Wilmeisdoif i lew weeks ago Hugo Finch a sm rll gro eel w is sentenced to ten yeais im piisonmeiit foi selling a customci two pounds ot cheese moie thin he w IS uititled to Whit punishment if any is meted out to the well eon ncctod Ciiem company ind its ic eompliees lemrins to be seen
inauguration of New U. of Ky. President
Pie ulent Ldw ii I C I lliott will lep esc L the Univeisity this "Wed ne di it the in iu,^ui ation ot Di Ileiman I le Domn ii as ixlh jnes ident ji the Uiiiv ei sity oi Ki ntuel y Ainu niticnilfy 1 novA i educiiois in 1 d gnit 11 es I om public 1 ie will like put in th pio„iam ot iiiui^ 111 ition which will pen wi li icgis ti itio 1 11 d 1 itis md 111 ml i in il icieiilicn it 10 in the moiniiig Bl oo! el I 0 I’resule A luncheon it n ion b winch John AV Bioole KeiiUicky Sip i irilci dent ol Pi hi i I uv, i^ictio iwll piesidc hi il o been in lined t) 1 e I (11 nv 1 I \ the i u ,,ui dee m nies wliiei will i pen willi the pi oce SI in il it 2 50 p m Amoi ^ L spe 1 is it th pro gi un 111 id 'dion te Di Uoi ov in will le D 1 0 It 111! I Di
Everything jor a College Education DEAC’S
Sheilock Holmes has nolluiig on us wJo u it (onus to <l<t<(Sing things like imsmng Inrtlons ami Inoken eeaitis that keep youi < lollies lioiii he mg small auel ntal. Be toie yoiu gaiine nls aie icliuneHl, our iiispeelens examine eveiy (le lail I vciy laull is toi11 e le‘(l. It’s the litlle ihiiigs like this lliat make oiii Sfujt/eme* seiMee sue h a Ing yaliie.
Thomas F C oopei o ilho staff ol th I nivei ily ei Kentiiel y ind D Howud I Bevis piesident oi Ol 10 St lie Ui IV ei sitv Koeiplioii To Be Held lilliwir^th inumiiilui Pies ident 111 M Donov in will entei t lit V 1 h i e (e 1 Li in it tl e M ixvv ell PI itc the piesdentiil hone on the e i ni us
GREETING CARDS
FOR ALL OCCASIONS
Viliversiiy B»ok Store
Doc Fpplfi 40
I Dine Tonight
NU CII3NA GRILL CHOW MEIN — CHOP SUEY 409 Columbia St
NOW SHOWING — 2 FIRST RUN HITS-
lead vs hot rhythm Starring Caorle'^ Anne SHIRLEY
with
WItiiam Gargan Ricliard BarUielmest
Joan Merrill
Hear Breeze on Lak« Eouiae' and three more cop hit tunes by GREENE & XEVEt
- plus■
REACHED TO TEAR THEM FROM EACH OTHER'S ARMS!
Thrill to this biassing adventure of the RAF. —of two who had a day ! to live, an hour to love!
•ftesaK 7tk;!fL :f' “•! J fr-is r % f t J
4 ^^4
-V ^ I ^
r ^ ^ “Ht t 4^
'iiiirfa!f, May
Bomm^r Sj^Hs
Ai?/
I fieiz^ te dd fBhiis For Score ^ iMi fraUHce GMs, 39-0
( U i. i
A'big, bald chargijig Black football sqUad overcame tbe obstacles of a warm, day and a bard figbtmg tbougb outraanned ime Gold team was unable to puncture tbe heavier Black line with any d&gfee of con^ist^cy, but they did manage to threaten twice^ once on a pass interference, and a pass and the second timo a few minutes later when
they recovered a fumble on the Black’s fivp yard line Scoring JPunch Bob Hajzyk tamed in the longest run of the day with a 60 yaid gallop midway in the last quartei He received some line blocking from his mates to get him into the clear, but he beat out the last two men on his own A few minutes later Ott Hurhe, backing up the line on de fense foi the Blacks snagged a Gold pass out of the air and splinted 30 yards foi the final score
Bill Shimer scored the first touch down of the game on an end aiound fiom the SIX yaid line early in the fiist quaiter aftei runs by Bob Haj zyk and Heniy Stram and a pass Stiam to Shimei had put the ball in scoiing position Fiank Ruggieii got the next scoring thrust undei way when he mteicepted a Gold pass on the 35 yaid line and letuin ed it to the 15 yard line Bill Buf fington made three at this point and Bob HajZyk contributed nine
more to put the ball on the two yaid pass leceiver
fiom which point Ed Cycenas
caincd it acioss
This contest affdrded an excellent picview of the type of ball that the Boileimakeis will play next fall Although the Blacks did not dig veiy deep into then bag of tucks at any time they did show enough scoring punch at vaaious times thioughout the afternoon to prom ise plenty of thiills for the coming
grid season
Berkley Shines Andy Berkley tinned in some fine bits of bioken field lunning duiing the afternoon He ambled 27 yaids through most of the Gold team just befoie the end of the fiist half aftei he was unable to spot a
« DEBRIS SAYS: “Yes”
The 55th Annual issue of the Purdue Year Book will be out in December. The staff is already working to maintain the "AllAmerican" rating which it has received for many years. I assure you that the new DEBRIS will reward your confidences.
Dick Ball — Editor
•
DON’T WAIT!
Buy
DEBRIS at Registration
Today the University will bid goodbye to the seniors of the class of 1942 Among those leaving will be a group of athletes that have perform ed cieditably in then vaiious lines of ehdeavoi and havje exemplified the true Boileimakel spirit Heading the list will be the Co captains of last fall’s football team, Tommy Melton and Jim Miller A fine pair of guaids on Ijhe football field, and a fine pan of men off of it Tommy was awarded the Noble E Kizer tiophy last night as the “Football player who brought National Recog nition to the University through outstanding ability on the gndiron and in the classroom ” Tom managed to play some Veiy good football last fall m spite of injuiies Other griddeis who have come to the end of their competitive careeis by the graduation route aie ends Jim Rush and Bill Combs, tackles Pete Tnnperman and Italo kossi, and backs Johnny Galvin and John Petty It is not possible to enumeiate all that they have done, it is enough to say that they perfoimed to the best of then ability and will certainly be missed In the hardwood game the loss will be equally severe The team will not be the same without Captain Don BJanken’s flip shots, Frosty Sprowl’s dead eye shootitig from the floor, or Cecil Polk handcuffing the conference high point itien Red Car^ess will be remembered for his drive and fight under the hoop, Mickey Tierney for his clevernss in taking the ball out of the hands of the men coming down the floor, and Johnny Conrad for his speed in bringing the ball down into scoring territory In tiack and cross country, the Riveters will lose moie of then first line ^earfoimeis Lean, lanky Ed Holderman won’t be on hand to lead the Cl OSS country team to another Big Ten cioss countiy championship Foi the last few seasons Ed has been a conference standout in distances fiom one mile and up Buit Anthony, track captain, was one of the “little men of the conference in statuie, but certainly not in guts Burt went out in style yesterday with a win in the 440 yard dash Gene Kion has been one of the best huidleis in the conference and has been closely foi lowed by teammate Johnny Conant Theie aie these men and others Boileimakeis all, who have given then best in competition heie So now as they leave, those of us that le main wish them tlye best wherevei they go
Ohfd State Defeats Riviii^r , In l(tb Yesterday afternoon the Boilermaker baseball team Io8t it thrilling 4-2 decision in eleven innings to the Bnckcfyes State Both of these runs could be traced to a wild titro# 10 Riveter third baseman Ernie Young on a ground ball by Banner The Buckeye left fielder went to second when the baH wemb through first baseman George Burghardt. McLain ssigied him across and went to second on the throw in He scor^ a moment' later when Burgett singled him over
DO YOU DIG IT?
WHILE YOU TEACH THIS SUMMER Have you considered living in the, Union Club Tvith all the advantages of comfort, coolness and conveniences? You w^ill be near classes, good food at economical prices, and most campus activities. Yes, even give yout family a vacation while you live pleasantly and quietly. Telephone the manager’s office for information or inspect and choose your room by a personal visit. JhL fiWvdjJUL TFlsmifuaL lAmon, The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Gophers Surprise With Easy Victory In Four Team Meet A surprising Minnesota tiack squad rolled up 64% points here yesterday afternoon to take first place in a quadrangular track meet that pi ovided one of the Gala week featuies foi the visiting alumni The Boilermakers scored heavily m the middle distance events to take second place with 45 1 3 followed by Iowa with 34 and Northwestern with 9 16 Jentsch, Kemp Take Firsts A1 Jentsch aftei lunnmg behind Gill of Minnesota, took him at the finish to win the one mile lun Don Kemp took a fiist in the half mile run after a spirited duel with Stein field of Minnespta at the turn com mg into the home stietch There were several notable upsets m the meet, Lee Farmer Iowa col 01 ed flash, was nosed out by Dick Kelly of Minnesota in the 100 yard dash and another Gophei unknown, Flank Adams beat both Rivetei Claience Kion and Hank Vollen weidei, of Iowa in the 220 yard low huidles Gophers Dominate Minnesota took first place in seven of the individual events with the Boileimakeis and Iowa each cop ping three The Boileimakeis took the final mile lelay by a wide mar gin Jack DeField of Minnesota, set a new field record in the pole vault as he cleared 13 feet 9 14 inches, and another Gopher, Bob Fitch, add ed to the lecoid breaking feats with a heave of 154 feet, 5 inches in the discus The summary ONE MILE RUN—Won by Jentsch Pur due Bill Minnesota second Kemp Pur duo third Workman Iowa fourth Time 4 24 9 440 YARD DASH—Won by Anthony Pur due Johnson Minnesota second Marvin Minnesota third Archer Purdue fourth Time 4J 9 100 YARD DASH—Won by Kelly Min nesota Farmer Iowa second Potter Mm nesota third Schlauder Iowa fourth Time 09 J 120 YARD HIGH HURDLES—Won by Vollenwe der Iowa Kron Purdue second Conant Purdue third Eiei Iowa fourth Time 14 7 SHOT PUT—Won by Fitch Minnesota Milberff Minnesota second Clawson Noithwebtcrn third Kuhl Iowa fourth Distance 44 ft 10 5 8 in 220 YARD DASH—Won by Farmer Iowa Kelly Minnesota second Schlauder Iowa third Kcim Purdue fourth Time 21 8 HIGH JUMP—Won by Kuhl Iowa Hos held Minnesota and Smith Northwestern tied for second McEachern Purdue Lewis and James Northwestern tied for fourtli Height b feet 1 1 4 in HALF MILE RUN—Won by Kemp Pur due Stoinficil Minnesota second Poh land Minnesota third Maioz/iek Purdue fourth Time 1 8 7 POLE VAULT—Won by DeFiel 1 Minn ta 1 dwards P ir I le second Steinbeck In vq third Grimip Purdue fourth Height 13 ft ) 1 1 in DISCUS THROW W n by Fiteh Min j oti Cli\son Nortl vesterr second Milburg Minne»soti third Ki hi Iowa fourth Distance lo4 ft 5 in TWO MllE RUN—Won by Fosling Min nc (ta D lesler Purdue second McLaugh 1 n P rdue th rd GiU MuinesoLi Couith 1 im 9 ij4 9 2‘^0 YARD IX)W HURDLES—Won by Ad ms MinnesoLi Kr n Purdue second VoIJ I vridcr lo v i tl ird Con ml Puidue fourlh Time 6 BROAD JUMI Won 4y Smcria Mrnn es w F rmor I wa s c n 1 Do P r due thud Buffm re North-western fourth l)i tancp 22 ft 5 in MILE REI AY^—Won by Puiduc (Banckor Arnol i Archer Anthony) Mi neoota ec (nd lowa tli rd Time i *^7 8 Patronize Exponent Advertisers
the plate For nine innings the two teaolsl battled along on even terms^ wifli the score at the end of tbe regiestion nine innings being tied at 1-1. The Buckeyes drew first blood with a run in the first half of the third inning Burgett got a doable on s lucky hit that fell safely when Riveter right fielder Bill Carson misjudged the ball Schaller promptly diove him across with a single to left center 'Tie Score In 4th The Boilermakers came back in the last half of tl]^ fourth minng when Ernie Young sragled, stole second, and came in on Geor^ Buxghardt’s line single to left cmfiter. fPiom this point on until the first half of the tenth with only one good scoring opportunity coming up in the interim, Harry McFerran slammed a long triple to left center with one out in the last half of^the sixth but was unable to dent the rubber. Walt Smith provided the second oit on rather an unusual play He accidentally hit the ball in trying to get out of the way, and it fell right into the first baseman’s hands o» the fiist hop He did not touch the initial sack, but started for the plate in Older to keep the run from coming across Smith stopped on the base path and then retreated toward the plate The Buckeye first saekei touched him light at the plate for the out This play was on a par with the one in which Ed Misselhom, the Boilermaker moundsman tagged Johnson the Ohio State short stop, m the base path between second and thud In fiist half of sixth inning Mase, the Buckeye catcher grounded to Misselhorn who whirled to catch the advance runner. He caught Johnson midway between the bases and ran up and touched him with the ball Classy Elbowing Ed Misselhom did not give the Buckeyes a hit fiom the fifih through the ninth inning In the fiist half of the tenth Schollet singled aftei one man was out and went to second when Misselhom threajc wild in an attempt to pick him off of first base Walks to Fraker and Johnson filled the bases At tSim point Coach Dutch Fehnng eallod Walt Leifheit in from the ball to take ovei for Misselhom Walt walked the next batter His foucH^ ball was a wild pitch which resufted in the final out as Fraker was Bahri bed trying to score from seeQ[n[£ when the ball i oiled back toward the screen , In the last half of the tenth Chtf-p fy Friend was hit by a-pitched baB aftei two men ivere out tiEnn.u "i oung, top Riveter batter foir tfep afternoon then lined a long trildd to left centqi to score Friend and knot the count once more Duffy Friend provided the =*0© fielding play of the afternoon a divmg catch of Schollers low haec to left It was one of those cojpte catches that make the game of baseball leally worth watching Box Scoie ^ Ohio State 001 000 000 12r-4 8 ^ Purdue 000 100 000 10—2 7 4
PAUL'S PLACE • BEEF STEAK — BEEF-BARB-Q HOME MADE CHILI PORK TENDERLOIN FURHAS^I^f CREAM Phone 2645 216 W* Columbia St. WeDelhl^
^ENGLISH TRANSLATION T^is hen IS telling her soionty sisters to get busy with the rouge and powder department, put on their high heels and do a quick lipstick job AU because the boys are arriving with Pepsi Cola—the champ of the campus
WHAT DO YOU SAY? Send us some of your hot slang If we use it you 11 be ten bucks richer If we don’t, we’ll shoot you a rejection slip to add to your collection Mail your slang to College Dept, Pepsi Cola Company, Long Island City, N Y
Pepai-Cola la made only by Pepsi-Cola Co., Long hland City, N, Y. Bottled locally by Authorized Bottlers
Deac’s Wishes Senior The Best of Lock aii^ Good Meaith H. G. “Deac” REISNER BOOKSTORE — Established 1908 —
325 State Street
West Lafayette, bidiemci""> s
, ... ' * y * *■ y^rr \ ^ \\ >'** ■* ^ PMHub E:monmt:
Sunday, May 3, 1942
<• ■^4. '^' *• GraduationWill... (Continued from page 1) Long 1*5 vicc-pie‘^ident and associate geneial managei of the Dayton Powei and Light Co , vice prcbidciil of the McCauley Steel and Proplllef Co, vicc-piesident of the Miami Development Co, and piesident of the Dayton Industiies Coipoiation John Clyde Maiquis, who received a BSA degiee in 1904 and a MSA degicc 111 1909, will be piesentcd with an honoiaiy degiec of Doctoi of Agiicultuie by H J Reed, dean of the School of Agiicultuie This degiec is being an aided to Maiquis foi his devoted seivice leiidcied foi the advaneement of agiicultuie duiing the 38 yeais since his giaduation as an eVonomist louinalist and Aineiieaii delegate foi six yeais to the Intelnational Institute of Agiieultuie in Rome Elected Vice-President In the last thiec yeais of his stay 111 Rome he Mas vice jue side lit of this Institute and is noy\ with the Depaitnient of Agiicultuie nheic he is seiving as Achisoi on roitign AgnculUu al Relations inehaigc of infoi mation, inteinational oiganiz ations and confeienees Roseoe Sey bold BSEE fiom the class of 1907 yMll be nicsented with the honoiaiv dcgiee of Doetoi of Engineeiing by Dean A A Pottei This degiee is in lecognition of his achie\ eincnts as a eonstiuctive exec iiti\e in A.meiiean inclustiy Award Engineering Degree Euiclette Shields Wiight BSEE in 1915 iiid ME in 1923 will be pie sented with the degiee ot Doctoi of Engineeiing by Di D D Ewing This degiee is being ay\aided to Shields foi his Icadeiship as an eii gmeeiing executne ol the an plane industiy foi his eontiibutions to humane industiial lelations and his distinguished seiviee to the nation cluiing emeigeneies He is noyv yiee piesident and geneial managei of the Cuitiss Wiight Coipoiation Buffalo New 'ioik Naiy Induets 30 Students Closing the eommeneement exei cises will be the induction of 30 stu dents into the U S Naval Reseive I lying Coi ps to loim the seeoncl “Filing Boileimakei sqiiadion Captain John C Fiemont, diieetoi of naval officei pioeuiement ivill be piesent at the eHiiemony to ad chess the futuie pilots and otheeis and Ensign Roheit L Childs, ot the Chicago selection boaid will be piesent to administei the Navy’s oath of induetioii
Hjl JhsL ^hjuAchnA
West Lafayette Baptist Church Rey loseph Baud Gleason, Min istei and Pastoi of Students 9 10 a 111—Rogei Williams Club Class—Quentin File yyill be tcaehei 10 30 a 111—Chinch Woiship Seiviee—The message will be giv cn by Rev Gleason on “Tiee Like Life” The ehoii will sing “Moie Love To Thee” by McEailnid yvith Mis A r Pilee as soloist TheJun101 Chou yyill sing also (i 00 p 111—Siippei 15c 6 10 p m—Discussion Gioup— an infoimal meeting
University; Calendar WEEK OF M;AY3 -9, 1942
Sunday, May 3 12 00 noon—Loyalty Luncheon 2 30 P M—Academic Pioeessnon Moves 3 00 PM —Commencement Exercises 7 30 PM—Sciivcriei Club
Noith Ballroom, Union Hall ol Music Room 201, Union
Liiivcrsitj PicsbyUrian Chureh John W Findley, pastoi and dine toi of the Westiniiistei iKounda tioii Joanne Lloyd, oiganist\ Bill Moigaii ehoii diieeloil 9 ,0 a in —Ihc student clasL yvill mcci undei the leadeiship oi Di Gi aces 10 30 a m—Mi rindlcy’s seimon ^ubicct will he “Ihe Road to Gloiy ” Then yvill he no meeting oi the Sunday Lvciiing Club
8 00 A M ■ 8 00 A M - 8 00 P M -
8 00 A M ■ 8 00 A M ■ 9 00 AM9 00 A M •
4 00 P M - 7 10 PM7 30 P M - 7 30 P M7 30 PM
7 00 A M - 8 00 A M - 9 00 A M •
Monday, May 4 -Registiation Ainioiy -Sugai Rationing Boaid Noith Ballioom, Union -Reameis Meeting Room 304, Union Tuesday, May 5
-Registiation
-Sugai Rationing Boaid
-Fust Aid
-Incl Polled Shoithoin Bicecleis’ Asso Sale
-Baseball—Butlci -Intel Vaisity Chiistian
Fellowship
-Cluistian Science Oigaiuzation -Silvei Mask Meeting
-Ceres Meeting
Wednesday, May 6
—Classes begin
-Sugai Rationing Boaid —Iiid Polled Shoithoin Bieedei s’Asso Sale
Aiinoiy
Ndith Ballioom, Union
Room 304, Union Livestock Judging
Pavilion
Baseball Diamond Room 201, Union Room 303, Union Room 304, Union Room 305, Union
Union Shows Exhibit Of Flower Pajntings * Mrs. Pi^il Stonecifei, wife of a Uiiiveisity giaduate of 1917, is cuilently exhibiting twenty-three flowei paintings m the Music Room of the Union The exhibit will continue until next Fiiday Mis Stonecifei took up painting as a hobby, although most of the paintings in lici exhibit aie foi sale She has studied at Foit Wayne and iccently held a successful slioyv of hei woik thiie Othei exhibits in the Union duiing Gala Week festivities aic the annual Univeisity Cameia Club exhibit, which IS on view in the second flooi eon idol, and the exhibit of Walt Disney diawings in the West leeeption loom by the West Desk
Classified Ads
CHARMING OLIVIA DE HAVILLAND plays the role of a professor’s yvife III Waiiicr Bios’ spiightlj corned), “Ihe Male Animal,” with Hciiiy Fonda and Joan Leslie, starts Sunday at the Lafayette theatre.
Noith Ballioom, llnic
Pm due ( hnstian romulatum 9 15 a m—Catch iide fiom 131 S Giant 9 30 a m —Student Class Assem )ile downstaiis Fieshmen and othei new students aie especially wtl eomc Hiibdt Reynolds, pastoi loi students, will s])ealv on the subieet, “Achieving Lmotional Matin it) ” 10 40 a m —Chuuh Woiship Sei vice Ihe Rev Doyle Mullen will pieieh the seimon entitled “I Pio noiince You—” 5 A) p m—No lOe Suppu to night Assemble Joi usual Gunday evening piogi im 0 )0 p m—Poium Walt fhomas, V ice pi esident is in eh age Reeie i tion discussion and woiship make up the inogiam Weleomi to iny tieshiiien oi othei new students Come and .et icqii anted Piogiam ofliciall) closes at 7 30
This squidion whuh iollows the hist ‘ I 1) iiig Bode: makei ’ sqiiadion into lli„ht ti lining by seveial months will leeeive its pieliminaiy ehooling at the N ival Reseive an b ise at Glenview 111 and then will be tiaiisieiied to one ol the naval ail schools 111 tne south loi sceoiidaiy Eight instiuetion
Livestock Judging
Pavilion
Thursday, M^ 7
8 00 AM—Sugai R itioniiig Boaid 9 00 A M —Fust Aid 3 00 PM—Seioeii Review b oO PM—Civil All Patinl 7 )0 PM—Stitch 6l Sew, Giaduate
Dames
7 30 PM—Chiistian Student rdlowshi)) Room j07. Union Friday, May 8 Tennis Meet—Michigan
State College
4 30 PM —Cosmoiiolit in Club Meeting 7 oO PM —Fai 111 Managei b
\
Ninth Ballioom, Union
Room )01, Union Hall of Music Room ,30, Union Room 203 Union
Room 394, Union Room 20o, Union
Typewntersp-Add ng Machmea all makes sold rented repaired and purchased Mimeograph work done C J Ebersholf 605 l^ain, Lafayette Uhonc 2 7J Sliidcnls I ] Icasant cj 1 roims fainj U bids mini i nnj, mithcssts ( mtinuoiu hot wnU r Ph( n ^1) 20( Kussfll btieet Call
afU? 6 00 i) ni
Wanted With aw ila 1 v t) dj trcnfral w i! in i tiinnf ( ill in icisin lum s lit 11 aanl JOI Univ r iLi Winted StudtiU v nr ff ti w ik Fi i lav ant! Sitin I ly LVLmnj,s Ajiplv Hik
Mn UIuL IJIa/Li
Ptrsoii Who LoHt ( hronojjiaph Yi ii mav claim it at bludtnt bt nalc I t t and Ftund Dcpnilment or by uiUmL S ui Iv n1 -10 1 —bANDX I BIN Till Beta Pi llipisUr inur iic now avHilabIt bcL Vein Vinldlill 12( (aiv Hall West -\0UNC»B100D
come Come c nt come all (i <301 -bMiT;ii Ex Skull and i rc cents Paddle are m Ctl them it Ihc bn’’ma Chi Hoiiso Ml NKl
PIM SO St i< 'll V j>in t ti 1 1 1 11 1 loom 110 ol the 1 ici Ih
i 11 I f r th ir t r 111 m n ( vtn th w k Lz\blWOUL
Notices
rxponciit Staff Si\ p cditi n fci in G niiiiL fi hm ? 1 1 <1 V nu M me Ih \h 1 }.isUi t ulv 1 ) il t Exponent I fc i| i ( milttion f 1 ustiatini I will in sum ARMSIRONC
( oed Difeii c ( ode ( lass ( ifilu it ar avuiiubl in instiucl i lu ti (Ik Xitr iv
BUUKHARL
Exponent ‘"opliomorc I ililonal aid Coed btulT ''ikn \ 1 11 In } n I in ITi c r 1 w tl n 11 y tw ( r f 111 WM J hi J M 1 \ i\l V 1 Sj I 1 iv M IV M 1 d tv IVl V 1 1 I i i\ M V R u I i Mil 1 h I I til Mav \Mlh w k nil (11\ 11 uistl > ai d b it n i y n i 1 I ~ ARMSIRONC At romodclcra In | tint ni tii^ M v I III rn m SO R li hmcnis will lo s i ved ti tv iMiK All pi I cUvf rncmhti wcl
ftiinlels M n huLiiLtd labt full (an net then keyo fitni nu I KASI R Vi Fan SiRmn All i i » wh d t it liav ilnjiKs nu V u t Lb in hI 2 > I owlci Avini (RiCORY iteniner C lOh M Inc al I n lo in 01 r th Un n W (1 I iv mcht li n r I ii t KNOII
DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD | RISK — DENTISTS — 400 404 Schultz Bldg 4th and Main St Lafayetfa
00 P M - ,0 ]>M-
9 00 P M
Saturday, May 9 GoU Meet — Indian,!
Unncisity
lennis Meet—Western State (Michigan) Tcacheis Col
lege
■Indiana Council ot Ttacheis Room 20 Union C ONVOCAIION—Giaee Mooie—Sopiano Hall ot Music •Union Mixei Both B illi oom
Union
EDGERTON HDWE.; INC. HARDWARE —PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 Wc Deliver
To ihr CInis of ’42 CONGRATULATIONS No iiianci wlioie you S’* • • • wlial you do . . . how iiiipoi Lnii } ou ht e ouu, il’h lx eii .1 pliMsuK lo shaio soiiu* ol your school cxpeiiciucft. Il’s hccu a piivilcgc l<» shaic them aiul lo scivc you. "I hank you and ihc hcsl ol link.
CHUCK'S CHUCK WAGON
SojuIhwo’dnL
★ Enjoy Summer School Textbook Economy al SoulhworUi^s
We have all the eqnired hooks Just tell us your eourses—— we
anti supplies, guarantee the
right materials-—
TEXT
BOOKS