^ tj ^ ^
Purdue Wallops Indiana State, 61-18
National Freezing weather gripped North and South alike this week as abnormally low temperatures and unusual Snowfall covered almost the entire
nation.
Thirty inches of snow hides Buffalo, New York. Equally remarkable IS Atlanta, Georgia’s three-inch white blanket.
Citrus crops suffered million dol
lar losses; truck gardnets lost 40 per cent of their ci-op. Southern fires are lit, southern schools are closed, but southern people are enjoying a wiftter’s worth of snow, all at one time.
Diminutive James Dalhover, triggei man of the defunct Brady gang, 1 efused to take Friday’s death chair sentence seriously yeterday as he joked with jailers and offered to convey messages to his extinct gang-pals. Wednesday his fellow prisoners in Hammond, Indiana’s city jail booed and jeered as he refused the legular bologna-bread ration, ordering pork chops and apple pie. Death-cell humor, however, could not overbalance the record of three murders for which federal jurymen convicted him.
Ocean Flier .^and Kidnap Victim Col. Charles Lindbergh accompanied his wife down the gangplank of liner President Harding in New York last Sunday after steaming across Atlantic waters from England. For a week he kept his purpose secret, but yesterday he began ne-' gotiations to purchase several new 100-pasfeenger transoceanic airliners. Efe is director of a Pan American Airway plan for inaugurating ocean flight service.
Indiana Ex-Governor Harry G. Leslie died in Miami, Florida, Friday night at the age of 69. Heart attacks finished the fatal work of a three month illness. Leslie was born in Lafayette, graduated from Purdue in 1906 with a B. S. degree. Washington Monday saw the President back in Washington from his fishing cruise, two or three days early. Reason given was that his gums, recently bruised by a tooth extraction, demanded attention. Some candidly obseived that slow-moving, arguing Congress likewise demanded attention. With the ciack of the Chief Executive’s whip, action came. First rejecting, then reversing its decisions, the Hou^e barely “passed the Farm Bill late Friday. Senate delays may still prohibit enaction of faim legislation during the now month-old special session. Coming up for action tomorrow in the under chamber is the House Labor Committee revised WageHour Bill. No crippling amendments will be attached, say bill proponents. Reason for their statement is found in their “bodyguard bloc,’’ organized Thursday. Should emasculating amendments come up, the bloc has enough votes to smoother any forays against principal provisions. Confidential previews show the bill is patterned somewhat like the outlawed NRA. It provides for creation of a $10,000-a-year wage and hour director. Understanding committees would recommend changes for those industries which are found to pay less than 40 cents per hour, and whose eijnployees work more than a 40-hour week.
“No,” said Ex-Governor, ExPresidential Candidate Alf Landon in a Washington interview Friday when asked, “Wobld you consider presidential candidacy in 1940?” While in town he received an invitation to visit the President.
Only ^btor nation not to default, Finland upheld its reputation (this week, by notifying the United States it would meet promptly its $232,143 installment due next Wednesday. Treasury statements sum payments due from the 13 debtors this month at $1,680,170,447.
Foreign
Intention to withdraw from the League of Nations was Italy’s message to Japan yesterday. She will be the third major anti-communist
power to sever League relations in the last four years. Germany and
Japan liaVe preceded her.
Neutral fbreign qjbservers offer two r'eabons for'II Duce’s move: Germari pressure to subject the Italian foreigh policy further to his and to Japanese influence, and England’s refusal to consider AngloItalian control of the Mediterran-
French-Polish relations appear weakening. Reports from Rome say Polish military officers are to present a statue of their late Marshall Joseph Pilsudski to the Italian Capitol City, and thus indicate a further alliance between Italy and Poland. This break looms despite French Foreign Minister Delbo’s conference in Warsaw this week.
China is ready to sue for peace m an effort to stop the Sino-Japanese War, believe Shanghai authorities. Already the conflict has caused the loss of half a million lives and a billion dollars’ property damage. War, however, has not yet been declared.
American Ambassador William Dodd resigned his Berlin post early this week following what he termed, “real discouragements” in his German duty. Hugh R. Wilson, assistant secretary of state succeeds him.
Passengers rescued yesterday from the foundering $8,000,000 American Liner President Hoover are being cared for at an emergency hospital established by the ship’s doctors on Hoishoto Island. All 503 persons were saved. No reports were available as to the cause of the sinking off the coast of Formosa in the China Sea. War Nanking’s front door, Kuanghuamen, fell to Japan’s army Friday, according to dispatches from the Tokyo foreign office. A detachment of the 9th division fought its way through the 500-year-old gates, seized adjoining sections of the Capitol’s walls. Nanking’s hoiizon was a ledpainted sheet Friday night as Chinese troops set fire to all sections of the city before abandoning them to the Nipponese war machine. A Chinese armored car gave Nanking’s defenders a teniporary edge in street fighting when it clattered down on the main gate and charged headlong into the mass of Japanese troops. It stopped only when its wheels becarrie clogged with the bodies of Nipponese soldiers. Japanese infantrymen killed the car’s occupants, used it against Nanking’s defenders. Chiang Kai-Shek threw in the towel Tuesday, escaping from the beleaguered city by airplane, hotly pursued by Nippon craft, his Chinese pilot was forced to strain the engines to the utmost to escape capture — or death. China’s military dictator and his American-educated wife flew to Nanchang, Kiangsi province capitol.
General Franco waited all the first part of last week for Ramadan, the Mohammedan fast period, to end. The rebel leader’s offensive, long ovei’due, was thus delayed further because his Moorish troops had to observe this religious festival. Rebel flyers killed 200 civilians in a bombing of Barcelona Tuesday. Returning next day, they were driven off by government pursuit ships and anti-dircraft guns. Twenty-four government planes bombed insurgent bases on Majorca, jn the Mediteranean, Wednesday in retaliation for the Barcelona shelling. Labor Peace pacts overshadowed labor strife this week for the first time in many days. In Portland, Ore., Governor (Continued on pag^ 2)
•the Purdue
E X p o n e n t
SUNDAY December 12, 1937 Lafayette, Indiana VdL. 49 No. 76
25 PIA Workers initiate Rooming House Campaign With the ultimate purpose of compiling data on men’s rooming houses, 25 PIA and PSA workers, approximately three to a ward, went from door to door yesterday afternoon to obtain landladies’ and students’ views in order to fill out three-page questionnaires. Although only one quarter of the expected number of workers turned out for yesterday’s canvass, those in charge- said they were well pleased with the progress of the survey. Receive Cooperation Landladies coopeiated with interest and seemed to think the questionnaire fair. Robert Schlundt, PIA head, stated yesterday that the survey seemed to "be acting not only in a “collecting data” capacity, but also as a “good will tour.” He cited that according to all indications tlje landladies will takq^ more interest in housing conditions as they now can see that the students are concerned enough to carry through such a survey. To Canvass 400 Houses Because of the comparatively small numbei of students attempting to canvass some 400 rooming houses, the reports- will be collected until Friday. A meeting will be held in the PIA office Tuesday to discuss the progress of the survey up until this date, and to make plans for the part remaining. As students are interviewed, the .workeis are tiying to interest as many as possible in joining the survey, in an effort to speed up the woik. Any additional help will be appreciated, according to Schlundt. Winterrowd Raises Awards For Student Literary Collections William Holland Winterrowd, M E ’07, and vice-president of the Franklin Railway Supply Company, of Chicago, has raised his award for the best student collection of books to $100 for first prize and $35 for second. Winten-owd started^ the contest with a prize of $100 for the best collection. There were no other prizes. Later the amount was changed to $65 and $35. The committee for judging the collections said that no other school in the country, although there are similar contests, has such a liberal award. “Why Collect Books?”, a small pamphlet book, which has been written by Winterowd explaining book collecting, can be obtained at either the University library or the English Department office. Fieldhoiise Open Today According to an announcement made late last night by Director of Intramural Athletics M. L. Clevett, the New Fieldhouse, including the swimming pool, will be open from 1:30 to 5 p. m. today.
Faculty Meeting The regular monthly meeting of the Faculty will be held on Mohddy, December 13, at 4 p.m. in Stdhley ^Coulter Hall. A full attendance is expected. Inward C. Elliott, President.
CIO, AFL Members Speak Tomorrow At PSA Forum “It’s almost unbelievable we could get the CIO and AF of L
on the same program.”
So stated R. A. Buckles, chairman of the Purdue Student Alliance, which is sponsoring a meeting in Eliza Fowler Hall at 8 p. m. tomorrow, at which representatives of the Committee for Industrial Organization and the American Federation of Labor will present cases for their respective groups. Dr.
J. A. Estey, of the history, eco-
nomics, and government department, will preside. Conduct Open Formji Following 20-minute talks by Woodruff Randolph, secretary-treas-urer of the International Typographical Union, CIO organization, and Hugh Gormley, general district representative for the AF of L, the audience will be given an opportunity to question the speakers. “I heartily urge all students to attend Monday night’s meeting because I believe it offers a rare opportunity for students to learn both sides of the labor situation,” said Personnel Director J. E. Walters last night of tomorrow’s discus-
sions.
Students May Meet, Interview Neted Explorer Tuesday Gordon B. Enders, for the past four years “Foreign Adviser” to the Grand Llama of Tibet, will be on the campus dui-ing the coming week. He is first foreigner in history to hold a cabinet post in the “Hermit Kingdom,” and also the first to be awarded a seat in the Tibetan Na-
tional Assembly.
A native American, Enders went to live in Tibet when he was four years old. Since then, he has lived close to the Llamaist frontiers in India, China, Mongolia, and Manchukuo, except during his American education and his service as an avia-
tor in the World War.
According to Bud Taylor, Union yice president, students will have a chance for special interviews and informal discussions the rest of the week. Students wanting interviews should call Taylor at 5068. On Thursday evening Enders will speak at the All Science Banquet in the Union. Enders will be here until Saturday. Watch the Exponent for the time and dates of intervieilys. Bucket Found On Train Ii\ Chicago
und: An Old Oaken Buck-
F^
et, on the Monon train, in Chicago. ' And we thought it was here. It is. The “P” is now at the jewelers being engraved. The link will be welded to the chain within the next two weeks. Then the bucket will be put on display m either the lobby \of the Union or in the field house. But what about the bucket found in Chicago. The Monon Bucket was put on the train in Bloomifigton last Thursday. It was put on the front seat of the smoker.'The brakeman failed to drop off the cargo at the local station. When ifound, the conductor called Lafayette thinking the bucket to be the famous Pur-due-Iii<|id:na trophy. Today, at nodny* ^ backbt arrived in
Passports Needed In Elections For Prom, Gala Week Tuesday, University juniors and seniors will elect from their respective classes members of this year’s Prom and Gala Week committees. Polls, to be'set up in the lobby of the Memorial Union Building, will be open from 8 in the morning until 5 in the afternoon. Passports will be required for all voters, and pictures will be very carefully checked.
Call 5038 For Returns
Results of both elections, will be published in Wednesday morning’s Exponent. Returns will be in about 7:30 Tuesday night. After that hour anyone interested may call the Exponent business office, phone 5038,
for returns.
All three parties last night expressed confidence of victory. All three also expressed willingness to make Prom just what the students wanted it Ip be. Student Senate Prexy Dan Rohyans stated last night that many students requested that space be provided on the ballots for juniors to show their preferences between Union and Fieli^house as Prom location. This will not be done, however, since Senate wishes to remain impartial and not publicize any one party. , After elections, Rohyans said the Senate would^^gonduct such a poll if the students wanted it. Tuesday’s ballots will provide squares to vote for whole parties, however, as well as for individual candidates. Ra Kappa Nu Conduds Fall Initiation For 16 Men Eta Kappa Nu, national electrical engineering honorary society, formally initiated 16 men preceding its annual fall banquet recently in the reception room of the Memorial Upion Building. R. D. Elbourn was awarded a handbook, given each year to the sophomore electrical engineer having the highest scholastic average for his first year. The new members are: Seniors-^.'p. Bell, P. C. Brandt, A. A. Guldi, W. D. Hull^E. E. Jones, W. 0. Montgomery, W. W. Jones, R. C. Romayne, R. E. Scifres, C. J. Weithman, J. H. Williams, and L. H. Wollenweber; juniors—L. Pinklestein, L. E. Keck, and D. W. Haskins; and faculty—J. H. Karr.
Indiana Weather Forecast for the State: Mostly cloudy and somewhat warmer today; tomorrow unsettled and warmer, with snow or rain probable in the north, rain in the south. Local temperature: 9:30 a. m. Friday to 9:30 p. m. Saturday: High 22; low 7; mean 14.6.
6,000 See Net Squad's First Game Six thousand basketball fans saw Purdue’s net squad initiate the new $760,000 Purdue fieldhouse last night by downing the Indiana State squad from Terre Haute, 61 to 18. Exhibiting the “ding-dong,” racehorse type of basketball typical of recent Boilermaker squads. Ward Lambert used 20 players in piling up 61 points in the season’s opener. ■Johnny Sines was the shining light of the Boilermaker attack as he scored 11 field goals and a free throw for individual scoring honors of the day. His deceptive passing caused quite a bit of hilarity among the Purdue fans as the Boilermaker squad befuddled and amazed the Indiana State quintet with one of the smoothest passing attacks ever seen in an opening game. The new rule changes did much to speed up the game last night and to provide the spectators with a more interesting game. After the opening tip off, not one held ball was called until 13 minutes of the game had elapsed. Purdue Scores First Neither team could connect during the first few minutes of play as both squads missed repeated attempts at the hoop. Finalljr Sines connected to open the scoring after Purdue had missed several close shots that had the crowd in an uproar. Sines went on to scorb 16 points in the next 17 minutes when he was forced from the game after turning his ankle. After leading 30 to 16 at the half, the Purdue squad held the visitors to two foul tosses druing the last half and scored 31 points during the same period.
Today In The Churches
West Side Methodist Church: Church school will begin at 9:30 a. m., and morning worship will begin at 10:40. Dr. C. D. W. Hildebrand, of DaPauw, will speak on the subject of “The Meaning of Christmas.” At Wesley Foundation House, the fellowship hour and supper will be at 5 p. m. The University Epworth League will meet at 6:30 p. m., with a candlelight service, after which the members will sing Christmas carols. West Lafayette Baptist: Church School begins at 9:30 a. m., an^ Worship begins at 10:35. The Roger Williams club social hour begins at 6:30 p. m. At 7:30 p. m. there will be a formal service by the BYPU. St. John’s Episcopal: There will be a Holy communion at 8 a. m., followed by a breakfast in the parish house for dpirch school teachers. Church school is at 9:30 a. m., and morning prayer and sermon is at 10:45. Young People’s Fellowship supper is at 6 p. m. First Christian: Church school is at 9:30 a. m., and worship is at 10:40 a .m. At 7:30 p. m. a Christmas play will be presented by the members of the Purdue Christian Foundation. 'Ebb Tide' Wiih Frances Farmer Starts At Mars Depicting the lives of four strangely entangled persons in the South Seas, “Ebb Tide,” the first technicolor sea story, will start today at the Mars Theater, showing the lush tropical vegetation, bine Pacific skies, and water shading of the South Pacific in unique color photography. Francis Farmer and Ray Milland head the cast for “Ehh Tide’* as the daughter of a captain who dies at sea and dn English passenger, all aboard the schooner '^oldat State.” An attempted mntiiq^ and a storm at sea start the action which is dharhcteristic of this sea yarn by Robert Louis Stevenaoii., -I
! I >, /
fCT '*4v
THE PURDUE EXPONEOT
Letters to the Editor
Prom In The Union Or In The Fieldhouse? Deal Editor During the past few days there lias been a lot of talk concerning the place the Junior Prom should be held Many students have expressed their opinions for holding it in the Fieldhouse, vith the idea of more «pace. and a larger Prom. Others have considered the advantages of the spacious lounges in the Union, the convenience of the sweet shop and grill lounge, and the general atmosphere of the building as being factors favoiing the Union. Many students feel there will not be as many as 1,000 couples caring to attend the dance, and that the Piom spirit will be lost if an attempt to have it in the Fieldhouse IS made. The lack of lounges, restlooms, refreshments, and the ballloom atmosphere for a dance five houi-s in length would be very tiresome and boring. They also feel that the extra expense of going in and out for refieshments, etc., would make Prom cost more there than it would in the Union. Regardless of which paity is elected, there is the possibility of having the Prom in either the Union or the Fieldhouse. Since the students are the ones to attend the Prom they should have the right to express their preference. The Student Senate should provide a means, either as a separate ballot or an attached ballot, whereby each voter may express his opinion. R. B. Clymer, Ag ’38 Allow Sophomores, Fr(^h To Vote.
Dear Editor:
\
The Square Deal party has said it intends to sell 2,000 tickets to the
“JUNIOR” Prom.
In view of the fact there are not 2,000 juniors and seniors on the campus, and a certain per cent of these would not attend a Prom under any conditions, and still more would not attend a “bam dance” in the Fieldhouse, it is evident quite a number of tickets must be sold to so^ihomores and freshmen. Since the sophomores and freshmen are doing the campaigning for the Square Deal Party, why not allow them to vote for the “Prom” as an “All-Class Cotillion?”
J. A. Ogle, ME ’39
Co-eds living in Forest Hall at Indiana University have put an end to door-knockers; they now announce themselves by a two-way amplifying system.
The Week's NEWS
(Continued from page 1) Charles H. Martin called woikers back to the lumber mills Friday, convinced his collective bargaining election had solved the interunion deadlock that paralyzed the industry for four months and made 10,000 men idle. CIO won the election. Months ago the National Labor Relations Board named CIO as the bargaining agent for the lumber hands. AF of L leaders rejected the decision howevei, and continued to boycott the mills where all CIO men were employed. Governor Martin now promises state and local protection to employees, who return to work.
In Washington, D. C., the Ameiican Newspaper Publishers Association and the International Printing Piessmen’s Union on the same day renewed a 30-year-old agreement calling for the abolition of strikes and lockouts in the piessiooms of American newspapers. The bargaining lasts five years, sets up arbitration machinery to settle all labor disputes involving newspaper printers.
Strikes also played a part in labor news, however. At the Ford assembly plant in Kansas City, Mo., 16 pickets were arested for disturbing peace shortly after a strike was precipitated by the United Auto Workers. As a result of the arrests union officials threatened to call a labor holiday involving 35,000 to 40,000 CIO members. Racqueteers Beat MiaiiapolisACII-l Winning 11 out of 12 matches, the Boilermaker squash team trounced the Indianapolis Athletic Club yesterday afternoon at the varsity courts in their last meet before the holidays trip to the East. The match gave the Gold and Black the inside track in the vsecond annual quest for the antique coffee pot which goes to the team which comes out on top in the three meets each year. The Indianapolis Athletic Club won the trophy last season with two wins in the three meets. Captain Lucek won a close match over Krieg, number one man for the visitors, 3-2. The only Boilermaker setback came when Blitz dropped a 3-2 set to Hendron. Those two were the tightest encounters of the evening.
It’S love I’m alter ...Mdirmgettinsit -inttienedd
LESLIE HOWARD BETTE DAVIS
It’S love I’m after ...or maybe ifs Leslie!
DeHAVILLAND
Starts TODAY LUHA
PROM PLEASANTRIES BecaWe everyone seems to be going a trifle haywire over this silly Prom business ... what with formulating impressive ^nd dignified platforms and wearing ticky little doodads in the buttonhole\. '. . we are going to take a crack at compounding a platform... THE BIG- TEN PARTY The name of this political organization shall be “The Big Ten Party” and we shall endeavor to promote a Prom for all students officially registered here at Purdue sometime in the spring when and if University officials appiove. (Since most Prom dates aie imports, we thought we might as well open the affair up to all schools and make importing legal.) We propose to sell 50,000 tickets at $10 each, giving us a working capital of half a million dollars. Deducting from this roughly $20,000 for our graft, and capitalizing the remainder at five per cent and issuing first series debenture bonds at seven per cent, we should be able to put on quite a “bonanza” Prom, eh kid ? We shall put a roof over the Stadium, flood the playing field, install refrigeration units, freeze the water, and stage ice carnivals during intermissions at which time Fred Waring will play. In addition, we propose to construct a tunnel from the Stadium to the Airport and equip it with electric subway trains running every five minutes to transport love minded couples to their old stamp ing grounds. And that ain’t all.. . we’re gonna move the Union out to the football practice field in order that the
Sweet Shop, Grill and Cafeteria accommodations may be available to all. ^ ^
As to bands . . . we’ll have Paul Whiteman playing in the Union phone booths . . . Horace Heidt in the Ballroom . . . Ted Weems in the Sweet Shop . . . Kay Kysbr in the Grill . . . and Guy Lombardo in the Cafeteria. The Philadelphia Philharmonic orchestra with Leopold Stokowski directing, will provide stately syncopation for the dance and ice carnivals. We propose to lease concessions to national firms at $20,000. This income will be applied toward defraying program expense ... as programs will be of beaten platinum, edged with radium, with gold leaf pages embossed with silver pictures of everyone attending the function.
“This is the last picture in which .Jean Harlow worked before her death.” Exhibitor’s Note —also—
ttlos “Musical Headliner”
Now—^the First Adventure-Romance of the South Seas in Gorgeous
Robert Louis Stevenson's Amazing Story of the South Seas FRANCES FARMER RAY MILLAND
in
“EBB TIDE
ff
with OSCAR HOMOLKA LLOYD NOLAN
-Feature Starts at1:25—3:25—5:25 7:25—9:25
thip* “Goldia State" eaugrht In lh« aiMrBag teete of a huxrieaiM— in COLOR! SEE oxotio, haunting beauty of tropic wonder* land with ita lovely native girls -in COLOR! SEE the battle of the mysterious pearl islands—the Rght for the first white woman to invade the South Sea paradise!
MARS STARTS TODAY
Sunday< ibecember 12# 1937
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
STARTSTODAY TWO FIRST RUN HITS1 WHAT WAS THE SECRET OF THE D. A.’S DEATH? I Swiftly Taylor Spills the Lowdown on the D. A. and Then Goes Out and Cleans Up the Town—A Thrill Wallop Right at Your Heart!
A Piclurt As Bi9 As Tlw Singlns Soul Of America NAT LEVINE Presents DOUGLASS MONTGOMERY MHWIir LflllE BASfD on THi LIFE OF STEPHEN COLLINS FOSTER WITH EVELYN VENABLE ADRIENNE AMES Oawiice Mu** Gilbert Emery Lloyd Husbe* Ferdinand Mnniet ^ Cora Sue Collin* Tbe Sbaw Qioir and eail of tlieaiand*
IWEWiniiN
SiliEi Millii MATTY FAIN
^Lue J4.
er
FLANNEL ROBES Gloriously warm, but there’s glamour iif these flannel robes, too. Such smart tailored styles, such gay splashes of color. A grand selection. HOUSE COATS Smartness may not be the first thing you look for in a house robe — but what a delight to find it, in addition to all the sensible perfeaions. LOUNGING PAJAMAS Their exquisite simplicity, the rich glow of satins, velvets and corduroys, the striking color combinations make these pajamas a truly magnificent gift.
NEGLIGEES
One of the most queenly of gifts—fitting smoothly, sleek and falling in long gracious lines to her ankles. For “lovely ladies.” LINGERIE Pure dye crepes, luscious heavy satins . . . both lace trimmed and tailored ... in slips, dancettes, panties, gowns and pajamas in several lovely colors.
GIFT ACCESSORIES that will go straight to her heart! Van Raalte Hosiery i.oo 3 Pairs 2.85 Pure Silk Hosiery 79c 3 Pairs 2.25 Van Raalte'GIoves 1.00—1.50 Fine Kid Gloves 1.98 2.98 Gift Handbags 1.00 to 5.00 Boudoir Slippers 1.00 to 2.50
TloijL Jbo 97Zc/l OnJbf. Don’t get her just anything when you know she would like to receive something to wear. WeTl help you with your selection and will cheerfull) exchange it if not satisfactory to the recipient.
425 MAIN:s»
-f J. ^ ■>?- J- ' Y" 'h J *«(5r «(«« .
Sunday, December 12, 1937
TOE fOBDOE EXPONEttr
Alpha Tau Omega Wins Touchball Championship Alpha Tau Omega ‘captured the Greek touchball championshipi yesterday afternoon on Russell Field when they defeated Theta Ghi in an overtime play-off, 1-0. Despite the cold weather, quite a sizeable crowd lined the field. The game was referreed by three officials. It whs, however, like
most touchball games, full of argu-
ments. , Lath in the second quarter the ATO’s kicked a field goal. After a spirited discussion between players and officials it was decided that no points would he awarded for a field goal in i touchball competition. The regular playing period ended with the score deadlocked at 0-0. The usual play-off method was used, and the ATO's carried the ball deeper into the Theta Chi’s territory than the Theta Chi’s placed it in
their opponents, thus giving the ATO’s one point and the game. The last three games of the ATO’s have been won by the playoff method. For winning the championship they will receive a loving
cup.
Toudhball games are usually played ,in the afternoons after classes,' However, because of the early darkness this time of year, the game was played yesterday afternoon at two o’clock. -
Beauty .. The Way Experts Attain It] We are constantly gathering / tips frord the beauty centers of the whole world. We know at once the hair styles favored in New York . . . in Hollytyood . . . and Paris. We keep posted on the newest in creams and lotions. In a word there's no finer beauty service available than that offered at the MODERN BEAUTY SHOP.
MODERN BEAUTY SHOP
Be SaneVote The ALL CAMPUS PARTY TICKET
»the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
Bookstores
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
“DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER , u PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Ph<me 5701 — Furniture — Student Equipment £ei^ 00. 425 Columbia St. Phone 27!% —» Beautj Studio —
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • Co-ed Spodalsp Thors. - Fri. KIENLY. « BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727
Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN
—- Locksmith —— F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths Automobile key and lock seryice our specialty. L. C. N. Door Closer Distributors 209-211 N. 5th SL, Phone 2828
— Florist — dhJth J-Iajdai Inc. 635 Main St. in Luna Theatra Bnildinc Phone 7955—8050
— Dine
fludifL
DINE ' DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Undhareh Road
‘Printing'
□
P
RINTlhjG
SUDDEN
SERVICE _
Office Stalloncty , Wedding Inviiationi
PHONE -
2 6 2 8 CASSEL'S 408FERRY
Netmen Will Face Xavier
Coach “Piggy” Lambert's 1937 hardwood edition will face the undefeated Xavier team tomoiTow night at 7:30 in the new Fieldhouse. The game will be a homecoming for Xavier’s coach, Clem Crowe, a former Lafayette and Notre Dame star. Many of the local fans will be eager to see how the home town boy’s team will stack up against the Boilermakers. Purdue Victor For Last Two Years The last two years Purdue has trounced the Xavier squad by con-
vincing scores, but this year the Cincinnati team has proven its worth by scoring two convincing triumphs. In its season opener, Xavier walloped Transylvania, 5339, and followed with a 29-22 win Thursday night over Kentucky Wesleyan. Lambert will be trying to give his team some more brushing up in this game and the game Wednesday with the University of Detroit in (Continued on page 4)
No mind READING isHocessaiy; You don’t have to be a mind-reader . . . it’s as simple as A B C to understand why so many men make HERSEY’S their headquarters for dothing. HERSEY'S consistently offer finer suits and haberdashery . . . HERSEY’S prices are reasonable .. HERSEY’S make no effort to sell you anything you don't want to buy!
CAN IT BE DONE ?
The “SQUARE DEAL” Way PROM IN FIELDHOUSE 1. 29,000 sq. ft.=:13.8 sq. ft. per couple. 2,000 couples plus 100 cpmps. ‘ . 2. $2,000.00 for band. 3. Unlimited facilities for decorations. 4. Individual booths for every independent house, fraternity and sorority; opening on dance floor. 5. Price per couple—-$3.00. 6. Air conditioned, acoustics good. *
THE SQUARE DEAL PARTY'S PROPOSED PROM BUDGET
CASH RECEIPTS; Ticket Sales 2,000 @ $3.00 CASH DISBURSEMENTS:
Music
Programs (4,200) Decorations TickeH and Ticket Supervision Other Expenses
Floor:
Transportation Laying and Removing
Rental Total Total
$6,000.00
$2,000.00 800.00 500.00 200.00 500.00^
INTERNATIONAL AMPHITHEATRE 43rd & Halsted Sts. Chicago Phone Yards 5580
Mr. Thomas Garland 231 Pierce Street West Lafayette, Indiana
November 29, 1937
Dear Mr. Garland: Sorry I waS delayed in answering the letter but I talked With the officials of our company and they agree that the rental on the floor will be $1,000.00, and you are to pay for all transportation and guarantee the floor to be returned to us in perfect shape, as you agreed when you were In Chicago. if this meets with your approval kindly write me, giving me dates as to when and how long you are going to use the floor so I can make arrangements accordingly. Trusting this meets with your approval and satisfaction, I remain. Yours truly, INTERNATIONAL AMPHITHEATRE John J, Russo, Supt. (Editor's Note: The Exponent certifies that this letter is a copy of an actual statement received by Mr. Garland from the International Amphitheatre.)
^ 500.00 500.00 1,000.00
$2,000.00
$6,000.00
Note: All estimates represent maximum cosH. All surplus will go to Student Loan Fund.
FACTS!
2.
3.
4.
5.
Above mentioned floor has boon us4d for junior League dances in Chicago. Bob Woodworth, acting head of Athletic Department, has granted permission to use FIELDHOUSE, if our program is completed. Figured on transporting floot by truck were established by contacting trucking company. Estimated, cost of laying and removing floor was reached in cooperation with Mr. C. D. Bushnell, Superintendent of Service and Stores. Other technical details have been thoroughly checked.
The OLD WAY PROM IN UNION BLDG. 1. 6,000 sq. ft.=:8.5 sq, ft. per couple. 600 couples plus 100 comps. 2. Limited to $1,000.00 for band. 3. Decorations must be fitted to limited facilities and budget. 4. Small community booths, far from dance floor. 5. Price per couple—$4.00 up. 6. Ventilation and acoustics poor.
IT'S UP TO YOU! JUNIORS AND SENIORS. Do you want Prom Just another mixer? Do you want Gala Week a Htfing send off for Seniors? Do you want a "Square Deal" for unorganized students?
VOTE the NOTE: Bring passports and Vote Tues., Deci 14th, at UNION BUILDING
41
SQUARE DEAL WAY”
GALA WEEK COMMITTEE Miss Jean Small Kappa Kappa Gamma Miss Virginia Slocum Unorganized Mr. lames Sealwrg Theta Chi Mr. Don Baab Unoiiganized Mr. E. N. Cox Acacia Mr. Rex B. Davis Unorganized
PROM COMMITTEE Mbs Botty Jo Soxloa Kappa Kappa Gemma Miss Mary Cootay Unorganized Mr. Tony IppeSto Theta Chi Mr. Tom Garland UrK)rgahized Mr. Basil Poiry Acacia , ' Mr. Don qbvor Uriorganized Mr. Cbas. Umlna Lambdb Chi Aiplw’ /
t
TOE pqBPHE EXPONENT
Sunday, December 12, 19;
Beg Your Pardon The result of one bout in Friday’s Golden Gloves matches was incorrectly stated in yesterday’s Exponent. In the 160 pound class O’Conner knocked out Williams instead of WilHtims knocking out O’Conner, as was stated. Dance Pictures Will Be Shown Dec. 14,15 Miss Helen Knight, dance instructor in the PEW department will show moving pictures of the modern dance in the lecture room of the Engineering Administration Building December 14 and 15 at 4 o’clock.
SKATES—Hollow ground while you wait. MULHAUPT’S, 209-11 North 5th Sti’eet. Phone 2828.
Netmen To Face Xavier(Continued from page 3) preparation for the coming holiday encounters. Take To Road Following the Detroit game this Wednesday the Boilermakers will journey to Chicago for games with DePaul and Loyola before making the trip west for games with Denver, Southern California, and ULCA during the Christmas holidays.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigrraph and mimeograph work. C. F. EbershofF, 606 Main street.
LEARN TO DANCE By Enrolling In Our NEW BEGINNER’S CLASS Wed., Dec. 11, 7:00 P. M. Our Classes Will Be Dismissed During School Vacation PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
LOST DRAFTING EQUIPMENT REWARD — 1 gray-black zipper bag containing Dietzgen drafting set No. 1088 (sc), 3 triangles, 2 irregular curves, 2 scales, 2 Pyzant lettering pens, 3 protractors, Venus pencils, 2 Koh-i-noor (Czechoslovakia) long lead pencils, erasers, leads, erasing shield, etc. NO QUESTIONS ASKED. Harry D. Smith, Jr., Phone 66003.
Notices Ho Notices Accepted After 8 p.m.
Senior Mechanicals: Inspection trip reports must be made by December K. Por particulars see bulletin board in Mechanical EngineerinK Building. ' —YOXING.
Christian Science Organization: Because
of convocation, regular meeting will be held in room B of the Union at 4 p. m. December 14. —WINTER.
Glee Club: Sign up for the supper following the caroling December 14 in A. P. Stewart’s office in Eliza Fowler Hall. —STEWART.
University Choir: Sign up for the supper following the caroling December 14 in A. P. Stewart’s office in Eliza Fowler Hall. —STEWART.
WAA Deck Tennis: The following games must be played December 14 at 4 p. m., Sefton and Davjdson vs. Bouton and Townsend ; Mather and Wiley vs. Deleplane and Walker { Johnson and Harry vs. Merritt and Newman. —JENKINS.
WAA Ping Pong: These games must be played by noon December 13: Plank vs. Chandler, Spry vs. Byers, Heeter vs. Horner, M. Campbell vs. Petticrew, Hugle vs. Schilling, Ritter vs. Merritt, Randolph vs. Sefton, Hollingsworth vs. Hoover, and Guthier vs. Weishaar. —BLANK.
Union Sophomores: My committee will meet in the workshop, December 13, at 4 o’clock. —GARLAND. Camera Club: Call for prints from exhibit in Union office, December 13, at 4 o’clock. —SAMUELSON.
Union Sophomores: All sophomores report in work shop for organization meeting December 13 at 4:00 p. m. —PUTZE.
Sportswomen: Meeting December 12 at 8 m. at the home of Ruth Wiley, 777 Russell street. —TUBBS.
^Jit lOJtcdL l^JUL 3<o^i Nu China Cafe
/
409 Columbia St.
Serving a higher quality and a larger quantity of all kinds of food—both American and Chinese. Enjoy better Steak, Chop Suey, and Chow Mein. Inspect our clean kitchen. It is open to guests at all times.
Cali 4966 for Orders to Take Out
Purdue Union of Jewish Youth: Meeting December 12 ‘at 4 p. m. in rooms 1 and 2 of Memorial Union Building, v Talks and discussion of Jewish literature during the Medieval times. —GEIST. University Orchestra: Sign up for the supper following the caroling December 14 in A. P. Stewart’s office in Eliza Fowler Hall. —STEWART.
Sophomore Track Managers: Those wishing to become Sophomore track managers, report to the floor of the Fieldhouse, at 4:16 December 13. ' ’ —MARKED.
WAA Volleyball: Games to be played this week. December 13, 4:00, Pi Phi vs. Ward 2: Alpha Xi vs. Streamliners; 4:30, Chi Omega vs. Ann 'Tweedale; Kappa vs. Coliegianna. Ddiember 16, 4:00, Ward 3 vs. Streamliners : Padalion vs. Ward 4 ; 4:30, Alpha Chi vs. Pi, Phi; Alpha Xi vs. Theta. December 16, 4:00, Theta vs. Ward 3; Ward 4 vs. Ann Tweedale; Ward 2 vs. Pepsters : 4:30, Chi Omega vs. Padalion ; Kappa vs. Ward 1; WHH North vs. Collegianna. . —RODERICK.
PIA Advanced Dance Class: ClaM will be held in Women’s Gymnasium at 7 p. m. December 18. —CLYMER, 1,,) .f University Students: Will everyone who is interested bring a 10-cent toy or 10 cents for poor children to the YWCA office by the evening of December 21. , —BROWN. Reamer Club: Important meeting December 14, in the Union Building. —ROSS. / Cadet Officers: Cadet officers’ Christmas luncheon will be held in the ballroom of the Union Building' at 12 m. on December 14. —ANTRIM.
'fca5<w»> GreetinqF^
fSia
Let there be light, song and gladness in your heart — that is the wish we send you with this Christmas greeting. And may the New Year add to your store of happiness and good fortune—health and accomplishment. We sincerely trust that we will again hove the opportunity of serving you to our fullest.
DECKER’S
518-520 Main St.
Phone 6477
: -I
MiuK
say:
\l /
HERE THEY ARE
I
We hove many small purses with mirrors inside. A gift to gladden any young girFs heart. Hand inlaid wood articles made from six to eight different kinds of wood, made by hill-billies of North Carolina, beautiful to look at and will last a lifetime. We have many beautiful, artistic, and decorative table lamps. Pipes from the famous ten dollar Dunhill and five dollar Grand Slam to the Frank Medico and Yellow Bole at one dollar. Hundreds of pipes for your selection at your price. Also pipe racks and humidors, which moke splen^ did gifts. 1,000 vanities from 50c to $5.00 with the Purdue crest for you to choose from. A vanity any girl would love to own. Many novel Russel Wrights' spun aluminum utensils for 101 uses con also be purchased here. They ore of heavy spun aluminum and moke a novel gift.
n\,.' „