iP!
’"'''?7" '■' ' '‘V ''' i'"’''V>V’<''"fn ‘ '\'
i- ij' 5 *
»> ^ / ^
RED CROSS Blood Bank i \ ' Serves Refreshments
Established 1889
Xfu04nem 9 Good Bye—Baby!
TOM HARMOH
Safe At
Pacific Air Base
yollime 55, No. 124
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, April 18, 1#43
Prexy Speaks For Wartime Founder Day Banquet
- Roy Heidke Breaks Third World Mark Of Career
By Clint Sowards
Before a moderate crowd of swimming fans at the Boilermaker Fieldhouse ppol yesterday morning at 11, Roy Heidke, sophomore star on the Boilermaker swimming team, broke the third world record of his career^as a member of the Boilermaker swimming team. Heidke smashed the old world record of 1:43.6 for thelSOyardbreaststrokeeventsetin April, 1937, by Jack Kasley of the University of Michigan, by six-tenths of a second, swimming the distance in 1:43 flat. This is the third world record that the Riveter star has set officially this year. In the fifth annual Aqua- - —
cade last December, Heidke established a new world record in both the 50 meter and 50 yard brekst stroke events. This record try yesterday was run off in official style. Larry LaBree, University tennis coach, was official starter for the event and Elmer Burnham, head football coach, served as official time»l. The try for the record was advertised all over the country, and wjll be recognized officially as a new World record for the 160 yard breast stroke event. Once before this semester, in the ‘•Galacade” held last Monday night, Heidke made his initial official attiimpt to establish a new record in this event after equalling the mark iri practice several times. He got a^ay to a slow start and made an iinperfect turn. These two factors Caused him to miss the I’ecord by tbree-tenths of a second. Yesterday aftei'noon, Heidke was pei'fect. His Start was flawless, his style was beautiful, and his timing was unsiirpassable. Spared No Energy Through the entire event Heidke used the exhaustive sprint style of Stii'oke, consisting pf an extended spurt under water and a dash along the surface the last thii’d of the length. The swimming below the surface gives the swimmer a chance to relax and to conserve strength for the dash on the surface which derirands a tremendous supply of energy. Roy, unlike the general run of swimming stars, didn’t begin to swim when barely out of the nursery. In fact, it wasn’t till he was 14 that Roy learned to swim, and it was a year after that that he began to put any special effort on his special style, the breast stroke. This fact was a little out of the ordinal^ in that the whole Heidke family have been swimmers, Roy’s father at one time being National ■ bkck stroke champ in the country. Three Cheers For I’apenguth As for Roy’s swimming expciicncc before he became affiliated with this University: Roy swam for Lane Tech High School in Chicago, but was just another high school swimmer as far as being outstanding was concerned, not really gaining much (Sec HEIDKE, page 3)
Hillenbrand Receives Award For Services
Gala Day Honors Grads, Seniors
John A. Hillenbrand, dean of the trustees in years of service, received the Distinguished Service Award, marking the completion of 30 years of trusteeship. Dr. A. W. Bitting, class of ’91, was presented with the Distinguished Alumni Award which he was unable to accept in 1941. Coach Elmer Burnham awarded the Noble E. Kizer Memorial Trophy, offered annually by Mitchell Menacof, former student, to Walter Cook, midget halfback and quarterback for the last three seasons on the team. Three Grads Recognized Toastmaster Roberts took time out in the program to recognize three University graduates who have already distinguished themselves in the battles of World War II: William Bartling, ‘38, who was wounded while fighting as a member of the Flying Tigers in China; Lt. George Alexander, ’40, who has taken part in the four major sea battles in the South Pacific; and Sgt. Rolfe Jenkins, ’40, Marine Corps, who distinguished himself in the Midway battle. All three were present for the recognition. Others appearing on the program were Prof. C. S. Doan, representing the faculty; Guy Mackey, athletic director, who spoke of the University’s athletic program; and John DeCanip, representing the present graduating class. The afternoon’s piogram included the traditional paiadc of classes to the oval where the 1918 class, celebrating its 25th reunion, placed a wreath .on the grave of John Purdue. Following the evening’s banquet and program, the alumni joined the student body in attending the Festival of Easter Music convocation in the Music Hall.
Junior Advanced Military Students To Leave Wednesday Word has just been received that all junior military students, fifth and sixth semesters, will go directly from here to Ft. Benjamin Harrison by troop train, Wednesday, April 21, 1943. They will be attached there to a service unit and then will receive 14 days furlough. After their furlough they will return to Ft. Benjamin Harrison at which time they will be sent to a replacement training center for a course preparatory to detail to an Officers’ Candidate School. All advanced ROTCs have been uncertain of their status at the University since war was declared, and around the first of March a story was released stating that word had been received by phone that all advanced military students would be called to active duty in the Army and returned to the Univei'sity for the remainder of the semester. Meals And Pay Included The notice also went on to say that the men would remain at their regular living quai’ters, meals would be furnished and they would receive private’s pay of $60 per month. However, all plans were temporary. About March 20 these same plans were seen in action with 320 advanced ROTC leaving for Ft. Benjamin Harrison induction center under the Army Specialized Training Program. At this time they were classified as privates and received uniforni.s and were sent back to the University. This brings the University private up to the end of this semester and definite plans aie now rcloaseci with all junior MT 5-o leaving Wed-
nesday.
Flying Tiger .
Graduate Downs Nine Japs
By Ed Stephenson Most students get no closer to the air battles over China than the famous comic strip, “Terry and the Pirates.” One University graduate. Bill Bartling, CE ’38, has been participating in air battles of that sort. Bill was a member of the first con-^ tingent of the American Volunteei Group under Genei-al Chennault to arrive on Chinese soil. His experiences include crashes, captured Japs, and nearly 20 victories over Jap planes. Veteran Of Many Battles Bill doesn’t look like the stereotyped version of a veteran of countless air battles over war-torn China. In civilian clothing sitting on the couch in the living room of the Pi Kappa Alpha Fraternity, he looked much like any senior who had injured himself playing football. His comments were matter-of-fact statements rather than blazing tales of bloody battles. Boys at the house persist in calling him “Ace,” hut he prefers “Bill.” Bill graduated from the Univer-
sity in 1938 and went to work as a metallurgist in a Chicago steel mill until he joined the Navy in 1940. He received his naval aviator’s wings in ’41 and served for a while as pilot of a dive bomber on the recently sunk “Wasp.” During the summer of ’41 he resigned his commission in the navy to join the AVG where he could get an active crack at the Nipponese Zeros. Flying Tiger He arrived in Burma in September as the only man from the state of Indiana in the Flying Tigers. When asked how it felt to zoom into a Jap fighting formation in a P-38, Bill replied, “You don’t get scared; there’s no time for that. All there is to do is just try to turn and twist and pick off a Jap.” In the same calm tone he said, “I was shot down once myself. A Jap hit my plane in the oil line and I had to make a crash landing. It didn’t hurt me any, and the mechanics had the wrecked plane in action again in about two weeks.” Bartling' said the g,iound crew
which had been recruited from the Army and Navy had done a superb job against tough odds in keeping the AVG equipment in flying shape. The Chinese assistants had done their share, too, but hadn’t been able to work the miracles the Apierican grease monkeys seemed to perform. As far as Chinese pilots were concerned, Baitling said that the AVG had never seen a Chinese pilot shoot down a Jap. At Least Nine Japs His greatest words of praise were reserved for General Claire Chciinault, of whom he said, “Chennault’s one swell guy. He’s no desk chair general and he only wants to lick the Japs. He doesn’t bother with red tape. He lives with his men and lets them fight their own way. We’d rather fight with him than anyone else.” His closing words were, “It’s always a big kick to see a Jap plane crash in flames.” Bill should know. The Chinese government officially accredited hnii Nine Japs, and he has an additional 11 “probables.”
University Loses 1093 To Services Many Faculty Men Also Leave President Elliott announced to the Board of Trustees in its quavterly meeting today, that a total of 1093 men students have withdrawn from the University in the last two semesters to report for military service. Most of the men have been called for active duty in the Army
or Navy Air Corps.
Part of the enrollment has been replaced by several hundred new students enrolled this term, and 116 Curtiss-Wright enginering cadettes who have entered to take the new courses in special engineering of-
fered for women.
Both Students And Faculty More than 150 members of the faculty and employees staff are now in military service, most of whom are officers, and more than 50 have gone to essential war positions or governmental offices. The Board approved the leaves of absence of 14 more faculty and staff members who have entered the armed services recently, and 16 others who are reporting for special duties with government or industry. During the meeting the trustees approved the budget for the coming biennium, and they also approved the degrees to be conferred at the comipencement services today. Further Business Considered Permission was also granted to change the name of the department of botany, which is in the Agricultural Experiment Station, to the Department of Botany and Plant Pathology. The new title will be effective on July 1. Changes made recently about the campus were also inspected by the Board, and the members will remain for all of (See UNIVERSITY LOSES, pg. 2) Kappa Wins Chi Omega
Award
Bnta Kraepelein, a foreign exchange student from Stockholm, Swgden, and member of Kappa Kappa Gamma, has achived one of the highest honors of the senior class by winning the Chi Omega soroiity award of $15. The prize is given eveiy teim to the graduating woman senior majoring in Education who has the highest scholastic lecord, the most outstanding personality and who gives promise of the greatest success at a teacher. Receiving her Bachelor of Science degree today, Brita was presented with the award last Wednesday in Dr. Elliott’s office. She came to this country on the exchange scholarship basis in August, 1939, for a year’s study at the University, and was prevented from returning home on account of the war. Brita has a high scholastic record, 5.61 for eight terms.
Able Linguist
After attending a girls’ school in Stockholm, she was graduated from high school in 1939. An able linguist, Brita speaks five languages fluently. She is a member of the University Student Speakers’ Bureau, members of which address local civic groups, and president of Triton. She received her WAA “P” monogram last week for outstanding interest in athletics. Brita expects to remain in this country and teach Spanish and mathematics, her major courses of study here as well as abroad. Honoraries, Clubs Be sure that the copy for your page in the Debris is in the Debris workshop before the encl of this semester. If you have not been contacted about this, call at the Debris office at once.
—RENTSCH
Elliott Praises University Heroes In Armed Forces President E. C. Elliott spoke to an assembled group of two hundred old grads at the annual Founders Day banquet last night in the Union on the old and the new Purdue. In his opening sentences President Elliott paid tribute to the three members of the armed forces present, Capt. William Bartling, Lt. George Alexander and Lt. Rolfe Jenkins by saying that the University has always been in the thick of the fight and is proud of her sons in the present struggle for the pres-
AN EDITORIAL' Au Revoir
eryation of democracy. Continuing in this vein, he
said that the University has always been at war — with
For the most part the approximately 400 students who will ignorance and intolerance and be graduated from Purdue'today, and the approximately 1600 would continue to fight in more enlisted reservists who will leave the University for the as it had in the duration Tuesday will be anxious to get established in their aiwa^yr^nd^ ready to™Se1Ji. jobs, many of which the government has selected, and it is gtant need of its country and that proper for them to be anxious to get established. someone from the University will We extend our congratulations to those students who are carry the torch receiving degrees this afternoon, and to those who will join American^way^rfJeedom.*^ * * the armed services before very long—we congratulate those Entertainment was pro^4ded by who are anxious to leave, but for whom there is also a lump Bill Kennedy of the Glee Club acin their throats. We feel sorry for those students who are companied by Art Jacklin. anxious to leave, but for whom the lump is absent—^those . *1^® banquet alumni adstudents have not obtained all that is here to get at the Mus^rFestvIl pre! University. seated by 1,000 high school stuFor eight semesters this afternoon’s receipients of degrees dents and adults where President have compalined about the Lafayette weather, the honesty Elliott gave the introductory
system, losses of football games, and PEM 12. The certain few speech, for whom there is no lump are still griping, but this week has seen a marked change in the tone of those who are indued with a certain amount of sentimental reluctance for leaving the University. They realize that there are certain campus occurrences that are to become memories instead of occurrences. The torch light parades down Grant street to the pep sessions; the bing, bang, bong, bong of Heavilon Tower; the informal -J
delivery of Prexy s words of wisdom; and the serene picture chairman of the organization. Vicethe campus presents on a moonlight night are events and chairmen selected include Arthur pictures those leaving will remember. Peltosalo in charge of programs. We want to congratulate the absent members of the grad- Costas m charge of mem-
AIEE Names New Officers Results of the recent election
berships, and Raymond J. Smith in
charge of publicity.
Warren M. Robinson succeeds Byron Parsons as the secretary, and Albert W. Kimball was selected
uating class—^former students who are already in the fight. The number of army uniforms underneath the commencement gowns at the exercise this afternoon should tell them that
there are many of their class coming to join them.
Those composing the mass exodus are a unique group, dif- treasurer. Class representatives fering from departing students in the past in that their job Charles H. Crouse is already laid out for them. It will be for us, the ones who from the senior class, James E. Beehler from the junior class, and are to stay at the University during the summer, to hope that Robert L. Larson from the sophothose leaving perform their job well, and for us to prepare more class, ourselves so that we may perform our jobs when we are called. ' —rw.b. Sportswomen "' — —— . . . pledges and active held a
meeting at the WAA cabin yesterday noon to initiate new members and elect officers. New initiates include: Eva Williamson, Lois VerHoven, Anna Mae Fickle, Jean Brackman, Brita Kroeplin, Ruth Rule, Marion Lafuze, and Betty Miller. New officers elected were: Ruth Rule, president; Betty Galbraith, vice-president; Marion Lafuze, secretary, and Betty Miller, treasurer.
treasurer.
Johnnie Gels Debris Zeta
. . . agricultural honorary, elected the following officers for the summer: Fred Ponder, Chancelor; Harold Berry, Scribe; C. R. Myers,
Treasurer.
Lt. Ken Bradfield, Alpha Zeta tlumnus, gave a shoi't talk on
“What Awaits You.”
Darkroom Job, Age It Following up the recent account of Johnnie who came into the Exponent office looking for the Debris office and a job as photographer,
Johnnie got the job.
Johnnie went to the Debris office, showed them an enlargement of a picture he had taken and developed, pleased the editor, and now has a job helping in the darkrooms. His full name is John Vetter. He came back to the Exponent office yesterday to proof and ap^
prove this article.
Exponent
. . . will be published three times a week during the summer semestei. Subscriptions will be on sale in -Uie Ainiory during registration April 26 and 27.
Exponent Stolf No paper Tuesday. Special edition Wednesday, April 28. Everybody report at office Tuesday afternoon, April 27. —BREWER
From 78 To '43:.
Alumni Hold Annual Meeting
By Jean Yarger Anyone in the Union building Saturday was well aware of the little buttons and pennants that a number of people were wearing. On closer observation it was found that the numbers ranged from ’78 to ’18. What were these for? Upon inquiry it was found that the alumni had come back for their annual reunion. Men were standing around arguing abqut football games won in ’89 or was it ’90 ? On Saturday morning the University alumni began registering at 9 o’clock after which they had class reunion breakfasts in the Union building. Then at ten o’clock Dr. and Mrs. Edward C. Elliott held an open house, and after lunch members of the different classes were awarded Alumni Loyalty Certificates by Dr. Elliott. In the afternoon the War Class of 1918 placed a wreath on the grave of John Purdue.
For a while in the afternoon each class got together with its president, if possible, to discuss college days, and their life since college. With so much difficulty in traveling now, many of the alumni were not able to be here, but sent letters which were read to the class by the secretary. To the student in the class of ’46, all their talk seemed a little strange. They talked of buildings that don’t even exist now, and some that do but have been changed into di'astically different types. For instance, did you know that the Modern Language building was once the women’s rdsidence hall? President of the class of '93, Mr. Burt of Indianapolis, presided at the class meeting. He was the first president of the Tau Beta Pi on the campus. For some time he was division engineer at Wabash. It was while working on the railroad that
he became blind. Mr. Burt then learned the braile system. He has learned to play the piaho, write poetry and has committed to memory 62 chapters of the Bible. One of the alunmi, Charles S. Moore, graduate of the Science school, played football in the game with Wabash that gave birth to the new phrase, “Boilermakers.” MrMoore, who was a graduate of the Science school, now is a retired farmer out of Frankfort. Fred Shyer, also of the class of ’93, and a chemistry student, helped in the forming of the University of Montana. Mr. Shyer now lives near Battle Creek, Michigan. The class representation this year was much smaller whi^ ia perfectly natural, but the ones tvho were able to attend found a great deal of pleasure, as the rest of us do, in discussing their life at ths University.Purdue Exponent
Sunddy, Apd^U lS,
Tm R»<> U S f-*t, OM MERRY-GO-ROUND By ORE W PEARSON Davis Gives Orders To Wickard; Restauant Manager Petitions for Ration Points To Feed Senate vIaSHINGTON—You have to hand it to Secretary of AgriGultUre Wickard for being a good sport. He is now signing letters for Chester Davis, and testifying before Congressional Committees according to what Davis directs.. , j5r.pt time in anybody’s memory that a Caibinet dp^i? ihaa taken orders from a man of less than Cabiffetrank. First reaction was amazement (hat (.'laude could swallow it. However, a lot of his friends admire him for taking it on the chin instead of resigning with a blast at the President, Davis, and the Democratic Party. Actually, there’s not much left for . the amiable Wickard to do. He is noVr signing mail prepared in the oflSces of Chester Davis, who has been given all the power that counts in the Department. And before Wickard has more power, he will have less. Davis is expected to ask for a revision of the executive order which set up his office, authorizing him to take over two more branches of activity from wickard. • See Washington First Ladislav Feiefabend, Finance Minister of Czechoslovakia, came to 'Washington the other day to discuss post-war finance problems with Secretary of the Treasury Morgenthau. He arrived in the morning, was supposed to go into conference shortly thereafter. But he disappeared. All day diplomats and Treasury officials looked for him, but no Czech Finance Minister. Finally toward th'e end of the afternoon he showed up. “Where have you been?” colleagues demanded. “Oh top of the "Vi^ashington monument,” replied Feierabend. “I thought the first thing I should do after I an-ived was to become thoroughly ; familiar with Washington.” ■ • Rationed Food And Senaf'e The manager of the Senate restaurant is petitioning the local ration board for more “points”, so he’ll have enough to feed the Senators. Manager D. W. Darling finds himself short of food^— in fact, shorter than most people. Trouble is that thS ration board used the month of December as a base month, and issued coupons to all Washington restaurants on the basis of December’s business. But the Senate was in session during only a part of that month, adjourning on the 17th, sine die. After that date, there was no businessdn the Senate restaurant until the new Congress arr.ived in January. But business is not lean today. Senators, clerks, newsmen, and vistors are all coming in, expecting to be fed, and there just isn't enough food for them. This applies not only to the red meat eaters, but also to the members who lunch on a piece of apple pie and a slice of cheese. There is a shortage of meat, butter, cooking fats, pastry, cheese and potatoes. Darling is now serving small butter portions, and almost no red meat at ail. To make things worse, poultry, though iinrationed, is scarce as hen’s teeth, and a local shortage of potatoes has reduced the Senate restaurant to two bags, cached in the Capitol basement. Darling takes some comfort in the fact that busines.s is still good, and that his Senatorial customers offer no complaints. “But,” he groans, “it’s awful hard to prepare a menu!” • Martin Bombers Lag A bad labor situation has developed in the Glenn Martin Aircraft plant, which is partly responsible for its slump in bomber production. United Automobile Workers are trying to organize . the plant, but the management opposes, and union , organizers are getting ill-tempered. Glenn Martin is a rugged individuali.st who believes that the fojnance of aircraft shoidd be considerable compensation for working in an aircraft plant. But the w’oi'kei's are less interested in romance than in pay envelopes. Martin’s obstruction of the organizers has received the willing, support of Army officers connected with the Martin plant. When UAW asked permission to distribute organizing leaflets at the gates of the plant.
Purdue Exponent
Offices: Editorial, and. Business Purdue Memorial. Union> Phone .4^005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phono 2792 Editorial Phone After I O p. m., 5377 ‘
Honorary Editor...... Honorary Editor Honorary Bnuihcaa Manaper With the Colors
.. William G. Hoskins Dale E. Butz .Gerhard n. Kloumnn
Editor.! Business Mahaper..... . News Editor Manapinp Editor Advertising Manaper.. Sports Editor Coed Editor...
..Robert W. Boswntklc Janies G. Petty .Sally Beall Donald E. Brewer ..'. .A, Jane Kcim Joseph S. Dawson Jean Lauer
Publication Staff Editorial Staff / Associate Editors: H. R. Abbott, C. C. Martindoll, E. F. Murphy, W. H. Tyson, W. L. Vermilion, C. J. Wilbur. Coed Staff: Ruth Ford, Madelyn Grotnes, Katherine Ho-wes. Sports Staff: R. M. Lipos, .R. J. Smith, C. E. Sownrds, S. A. Watson.
business Staff A^istant Advertising Manager: C. L. GauntT Layout Director: J. B. Tabb. Circulation Manager: R. G. Sauerman. Accounts Manager: Mary Dilts.
The Purdue Independent Editor-in-Chief.....: ....!..:.....Bcrt Squier
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Stephenson Sports Editor: Watson Day Editor: .Mann Issue Editor: Hamrael Reporters: Gregory. Craig. StefTcs.
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published on Tuesday, Thursday, Friday and Sunday mornings durin gthe year. Delivered locally by carrier for $1.76 for a semester or $3.00 for two semesters ; by mail for $2.00 for a semester or $3.50 for two semesters. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatjves, 420 Madison Ave., .New York, N. Y.
Astrahan, Lazarus
oCsiMiL %
Win ProiBleitis
JiM Lodking Around
the ;
Pdr'f dnCohie^' -
By Jack Abbett and Jim Richardson
it was rejected by Army officers, who said that distribution of leaflets would cause confusion and congestion, would endanger the lives of workers. The organizers appealed to Under Secretary of War Patterson, who at first supported the military ruling, which drove the organizers off to a highway intersection six miles from the gates. Later, he reversed himself and UAW is now pushing its organization drive at the very gates of the plant. Meanwhile, UAW’s Nicholas Dragon declares that with the possible, exception of Brewster, Martin is doing the poorest job in the industry. He says morale is ruinously low, that Martin’s recent work-or-leave announcement was because he no longer has enough work for ills employees. WPB officials admit that Martin is lagguig in production, but the .same has been true of most other bomber plants. Production of fighters is up to schedule, production of training planes is ahead of schedule, hut production of bombers until recently has been discouraging. One explanation in the case of Martin is that some changes have been made in the plane’s design. Meantime, Martin ,has been laying off more men, and it may take seine time for him to catch up with his production schedule. ® No Republicans Ppesenfr . A report that Republican members of the Ways and Means Committee were caucusing on a proposal to resurrect the Ruml pay-as-you-go tax bill sent Capitol newsmen, on a scouting expedition to find where the GOP meeting was being held. One correspondent was tipped off that the Republicans were conferring in a room off the Speaker’s lobby. Voices inside stimulated the newshound’s suspicions and he rapped loudly at the doOr. Suddenly the door opened and life-long Democrat Bob Doughton of North Carolina, chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, popped out. “Are any Republicans in there?” asked the reporter. ■ . ^ , “No, neither in body nor spirit,” replied Doughton, slamming the door. ■» Merry-Go-Round; Radio'singer Jane Frohman, who was at death’s door after the Clipper crash in Lisbon, was so cheered up by the arrival of her husband that she is now homeward bound on a Portugese ship. FDR gave traveling priorities to her husband when war agencies gave him the run-around. . . Two entertainers who did not survive the crash—-Roy Rognan and Tamara Swann— will be given military funerals in the U. S. A. (Copyright, 1943, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
Dear Editor : , , , .Many changes will be made on campus within just a week, and appropriate allowances for these numerous changes will have to bo. made. Of course . the people in ,chai:ge can’t possibly think of everything at once and take care of Ahem immediately, but I should, think the^ would welcome suggestions to get everything running smoothly just as soon again as possible. Coed hours are an old story and AWS is beconring immune to the gripes, but a inost constructive change that would satisfy more people could bo made under the present circumstances, I think. A good percentage of the men on campus will be in uniform in the armed force programs of the.University. Since dating will be curtailed therefore to the week-ends when the uniformed men can get out, coed hours should be extended on week-end nights. For a long while we have resented''havingshort'fcr hours than coeds of other universities, and there seems to be very good reason to extend them now. The best suggestion I’ve heard is that of extending the hours on week-ends to one o’clock and observing ten o’clock hours throughout the week to satisfy those who .insist upon coeds having more enforced hours for studying on a war-time basis. Most seriously, “Your Coed Problem.” R.B. Stewart \ Discusses Wartime College Training Di’. Robert B. Stewart, comptroller of the Univcr.sity and chief liaison officer between the Army, Navy and War Manpower Commission on army, and navy programs, spoke recently at the tenth annual conference of trustees of colleges and universities at Lafayette College. ' , ' In bis speech Dr. Stewart discussed the war-time training programs in the colleges and universities. At this conference a panel discussion on the military participation of colleges and universities in the war program was led by representatives of the Army, Navy and Selective Service. Trustees of more than 100 colleges and universities attended the conference, the only one of its kind in the United' States, which was founded by President. William Mather Lewis of Lafayette.
. Marto.n Astrahan Und Jacob Lazarus subniitted answers of equal merit in the Problcra.s for Fun contest, inin- weekly in the Exponent, so the ten dollar prize will bo divided between them. Both the solutions submitted were .of a high quality and showed evidence of much thought and effort. The solutions to last week’s pi’obleins are (1/8, -2, 1/3) and (0,0, Q). ' , The problems for fun contest has aroused a great deal of interest among students and the . plans are to continue ryith a regular scries of contests. For the present, howevei', no. more problems will he published, but it is likely,'that a new contest will start in July. Pfacemenf Not'es For Women Miss Virginia Craig, Executive Secretary, Appleton Girl Scouts,' 112 lA East College Avenue, Appleton, Wisconsin,, announces openings on their summer staff for counselors and activities directors. The camp season is from June 23 to August 1. Salary would be offered according to training and experience to the applicant. Mrs. K. Rex Evans, Chairman of Staff Committee, East Saint Louis Council of Girl Scouts,..412-a Missouri Avenue, East Saint Louis, Illinois, announces openings on the staff of their summer camp near Grafton, Illinois; camp season is from June 22 to August 8, inclusive. Persons interested in either camp please call Placement Service, 2955, for further information. If you do apply in person or by letter we shall (Sec PLACEMT. NOTES, page 4)
Elmer Davis, director of the OWI,. recently said that the aira of His office is to give the public accurate information arid that: there :has been no sugar coating of the news. Reason for this atatenient was the fact that charges have been levied to the effect that a food report scheduled for publication last Friday was ori^rially a “very tough docuraent’t but had been softened because OWI officials —:———-— ' ..-l . thought the,public was.net pre- tliluting history with' simple .conpared! to face the real facts. temporary events that students IT . V: 1 J r-lo , little knowledge of tncr men who Davi^ .also revealed that .12 -qi ^skapedvtKe. country. 14 OWI writers besides Henry senator Guffey of TGn%lyania alPringle,. who was ousted last ready has proposed a congressional week, have tendered their resigna- inquiry into history teaching methtions.; The OWI is too important to ocls. Guffey ha.? said .that, a survey
the uiition to allow f actions 'and dissehtion to'.develop within its own dooryard. ■!! x-x-x , According to-fhe Italiart newspaper “La; Tribuna Illustrata’’, Hitler and Mussolini will decide “iyhether and when” New York City; will be bombed. The paper even went so far as to hint that the German Heinkel177 bomber would probably carry the bombs from bases on the, coast of France. The paper stated that the planes could reach New York in about 20 hours with a load of two or three tons of bombs and 40 tons of fuel. London military experts laugh at this bomber, typo carrying such a load. Since the Heinkel-177 has been in existance for over two years and hasn’t been used yet, its doubtful whether they will ever be seen in North American skies. X-X-X Hugh Russell Fraser, an author, resigned a.s information officer of the U, S. Office of Education last week because he felt that the office didn’t .share his viewpoint on the jioliey of teaching American history. He said later that schools are so
of historical knowledge among college freshmen has-. “an indictment against our educational system. University Loses (Continued from page 1) , the Gala Week celebrations as Well as Commencement.
Gifts Accepted
Gifts were also accepted by the Board. They were as follows: an old fashioned New England hand organ from Mrs. R. L. Miller of West Lafayette and an upright piano from Edward J. Freeburg of West Lafayette for the Hall of Music; 100 dollars from the Indiana Highway Materials and Equipment Association; 260 dollars from the Greater Lafayette Chamber of Commerce; 52 dollars from the Pest Control Operators’ Association, and 18 dollars from the Federation of Clubs at Vevay for Student Loan Funds.
ALAN LADD
Thrilf-sensation of'This Gun For Hire" and "The Glass Key/' as
A PoromounI PiclOr
I.H HELEH WALKER j IVlabel Paige Sheldon Leonard- IVlarie McDonald |
yAK NOW OLMINO
TODAY
MONDAY
NOW SHOWING
i^idHTY mmA
Parade Of Opinion Cincinnati, Ohio—-(AGP)—In a little-known type of intercollegiate competition, the University of Chicago has taken top place from Columbia University for the first time in many years. This intersectional academic rivalry has to do vi'ith number of doctorate degrees issued. Dr,, Edward A. Henry, directory of libr^'ies at the University of Cincifinath announced the “winners” in his annual survey compiled as editor of the volume “Doctoral Dissertations Accepted by American ■ Univ,,ersities, 1941-42,” published. by the Association of Research Libraries. The cuiTent volume ■ lists by author-and title 3,243 doctoi-al dissertations in.the ia.st academic year in American and Canadian colleges and universities. The number. Dr.’ Henry said, has been increasing steadily for year.s and rapidly from 1938 through 1941, when it reached an all-t-ime high of 3,526. Tlie current volu-ine is the lir.st to show a decrease, but the 3,24.'3 dissertations in 1941-42 represent almost the figure iiidicated for that year by projection of jjast figuies. . Chica-go, usually s.econd, lead.s with 1-97 doctorates, and Columbia, usually.first, is next with 187. The University of Wisconsin rank.s third, its usual position, with 163. Then, in deereasing order, come
New York university. University of California, Harvard, Ohio State, Yale, Cornell, Minnesota, Illinois, and Iowa. These 12 institutions are the only ones granting as many as 100 doctorates in the 1941-42 year. -As for many years, chemistry leads all subjects, with .588 dissertations. Education, with 344, is seCy ond; economics, with 181, is third; then the following, each represented by 100 or more, in decreasing order: English, physics, modern hi.story, biochemistry, psychology, botany, religion, and zoology. Largest number of degrees granted in a single field by one institution was 52 in, education by Now York university.
Eiirkville, Texas— (ACP) —In pasture gulleys near this east Texas village, scientists have found fossil i'emains which link this area with the geologically iipportant Miocene Ijeriod of about 12,000,000 years ago. Dr. C. J. Hesse, assistant curator of the Texas A. and M. college inu--scum, wlio, with Dr. F. E. Turner of the same school and Dr. H." B. .Stenzel of the University of Texas, visited the area recently, found the i'o.ssil.-. Dr. Turner found the lower jaw of a foi'j.sil liorse and Dr. Hesse discovered the .skull of a fossil beaver. The animal was related to the beaver. Dr. He.sse said, but was larger and had many points of dif-fej-enec. However, even in the faroff times of the stone age, it probably lived in the streams and built dams of trees as our beavers do to-, day.
THAT BLESSED RAIN Students at the University of Oklahoma have taken the realistic side of the question about the excuses that can be thought up on rainy, days. The coeds of course take the brunt of. the argument, for is it not the case that they f^nd the most to complain about when the rain makes their hair look like an old floor mop. If the coeds knew it was going to rain the5'- w’buld not have .to put up their hair, but could still give the plausable excuse that they just couldn’t do anything with their hair vyhen it rained.—The Oklahoma Daily. E-P A HARD JOB FOR ANY MAN -A,n officer of the law at (wo get more free publicity-this way) Temple U. have decided to pick the most beautiful “baby” on their hallowed grounds. The things that men will go through to decide who should represent the fairer sex. The judge is also taking his life in his own luinds in attempting to decide such an isue,-fpr by the reports of other .such tries the occasion has always ended in a happy feeling of murder. —Temple University News.
WITH AN OUTSTAN&IHG muE m EVERY ROLE! ^great headed by the stars of a dozen hits...in the story that I 21 famous authors joined to write!
XI
April IBf 1943
Boilermafier 'Spdrts
NICE GOING, ELROY!
Lieut. Tom Harmon Found In Southern Jungles
Former Grid Star
Ohio State To Continue Sports For Duration In spite of the fact that most of its athletes are being called into the armed forces, Ohio State came out with news yesterday telling that they will carry out a complete sports program for the coming year. The Buckeye football team, champions of the Western Conference, are determined to defend their
title this coming fall.
;C^oac|i Paul Brown told the press yesterday, “We have a responsibility we cannot neglect.
We^^re not concerned with the c^iber of the players or the sizo of the crowds. These are in^aterial in these times. We coaches, who have devoted all of 1 oul* years to teaching" football, now must concentrate on football ■w^h the sole goal of continuing to condition our young men and teaching tbem^e lessons which will prepati’e them for any duty our nation
requireSfi
More Coming “The football men now aie m the vap of the thousands who are defending our nation. Thousands of young^t^’s will follow in their steps. They must not he deprived of the advantages others have had. ,“There is no substitute for the training football gives,” Brown continued; “The game teaches obedience. It is founded on unselfish effort of an individual so that a group may achieve victory. The game requires resourcefulness, initiative apd courage. Continuation of this training is imperative for the boys who in another year w'ill follow their elders into battle.” For the Duration These words by Coach Blown echo the belief of all of the universities and colleges all over the nation. Sports will not have that old time color and glamour that they had before the war, but the mam event is the war, so aU of the preliminaries must be subordinate until after the main bout is finished.
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD RISK DENTISTS — 1 400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4th and Main Sts. Phone 5701
Everything for a | College Education 1 DEAC’S j
j,sk T»e ,N tm
"BOK m mr and mRH down nm ARB SOMETHIN', AREN'T THEY?"
"That's based on a real letter, ‘Gimme a Coca-Cola' is the watchword for refreshment with every branch of the service. It's the soldier's buy-word wherever they gather... and they get together where they can get Coca-Cola. Distinctive, delicious taste. Quality you can count on. Thirst-satis-faction plus refreshment. Any way you look of it,— the only thing dike Coca-Cola is Coca-Cola, itself."
BOTTIED UNDER AUTHORITY OF THE COCA-COLA COMPANY BY COCA COLA BOTTLING CO. 6th and Salem Sts. Lafayette, Ind.
Coed Thinlies Hold First Meet Tomorrow First coed track meet of its kind, sponsored by the PEW coaching class, will be held tomorrow at 4 p. m. on the women’s athletic field, and not in the Fieldhouse as previously announced. The meet is open to anyone who wishes to participate
in it.
Coed.s will compete foi honors in the 50 yaid dash, 100 yaid dash, relays, basketball throws lor distance, high lump, hop step jump, and hurdles. Coeds interested in entering should sign up in the Women’s Gym sometime before 4 p. m. tomoriow. Those who fail to sign up may enter events if they come to the field in time. Only two track and two field events may be entered by each contestant. Entrants must be coeds. Meet To Stimulate Interest The track meet is being put on specifically to stimulate coeds’ interest in the more active spoits offered by WAA and the physical education depaitment. Such activities may be nrompted in the future if this meet is successful. The public is invited to attend this meet which will be held indoors in case of ram.
^ Harmon Safe Sports fans throughout the nation were overjoyed yesterday when the good nows came in that Lieutenant Tommy Harmon was repoited safe at an an base in South America. . . . Harmon has been reported missing since Apiil 8, but it was learned eaily yesterday that his plane had crashed in the jungles and that All-American Tommy was safe and sound. Big Ten op’ponents tried for three years to stop this greatest of all the history’s halfbacks but to no avail. ... It is going to take more than a few Japs and Himes to keep Harmon out of action now in his greatest of all games. ► All Knew He Would Come Back It was interesting to note the tremendous confidence Harmon’s parents and f 1 iendb had in his ability to take care of himself. . . . They never once gave up on his being alive. One of his closest filends, Forrest Evashekski, the burly quarterback who opened the holes through which Harmon galloped to many touchdowns, stated in a telegram to Harmon’s folks that Tommy "was missing but could not be dead. Forrest, now stationed at the Iowa Pic-Flight Sehool, wrote “Tommy is too strong of mind and body and has too great a will to live to have been killed as some of the early reports stated.” ^ Team To Drake Relays i If the Army doesn’t wreck the Boilermaker track team too much, Coach Herm Phillips expects to send a group of men to the Drake Relays next week end. Right now it looks as if Chuck Duesler, George Archer, Paul Gutting and a few others will report to Fort Sill next Wednesday. These three men, you may recall, had a big part in the Riveters fine showing in the Purdue Relays last month. 1^ Finest Event Of Its Kind These Drake Relays each year attract the finest athletes in the nation and aie lecognized as piobably the greatest outdoor event of its kind being earned on today. You will easily remember the three fine trackmen representing Drake in the Relays here. . . . These three men gained a total of 13 points between them which isn’t exactly loafing. Moore and Donovan completely outclassed the field in winning the pole vault and high jump, respectively. ^ Big Ten Baseball The Big Ten baseball race was begun officially yesterday afteinoon with the playing of the two games, Northwestern vs. Iowa and Minnesota vs. Illinois. Iowa last year shaied the title with Michigan. The top two scorers m the Conference basketball race this past season—Andy Phillip and Otto Graham—were both scheduled to make their debut as diamond performers. Phillip opened on the mound tor Illinois while Graham has won a position in the Northwestern outfield.
'One Man Gang' Wins Goff Championsfiip Champaign, 111.—Herb Matter, the University of Illinois “one-man gang” in track, recently won the fall intramural golf championship in which finals had been dcferied. This teat enabled him to tie the achievement of his father, Herbert J. Matter of Naperville, who was University golf champion nr 1910. Young Matter has qualified for the varsity golf team but will probably be unable to compete because nratchco conflict with tiack dates. Notice Members of the Spike Shoe Club and all members of th'e track team nill Jiold their annual banquet in the Old Chestnut Room of the Union Monday, April 19, at 6 p. m. All planning to attend must sign up on chart in the dressing room of the Fieldhouse by Monday noon. Anards n ill be made.
New under^arm / « Cream Deodorant safely Stops Perspiration
1. Does not rot dresses or men’s shirts. Does not irritate skm 2. No waiting to dry Can be used right after shaving 3. Instantly stops perspir.ition for 1 to 3 days. Prevems odor 4. A pure, white, greascless, stainless vanishing cream 5. Awarded A|)proval Seal of American Institute of I aundcring lor being harmless to ' fabric.
Illini To Enter Drake Relays Urbana, Ill.—Four relay teams and several individual entrants will probably represent the University of Illinois in the Drake Relays at Dos Moines April 23 and 24. The teams will piobably be as follows : Spiint medley — Leroy Vranek, (140); Evon Greanias, (220); Herb Matter, (220), and Bob Kelley, (880). Distance medley—William Beile, ( 140); Warren Goodell, (880); Bob Sell) (three-fourths mile), and Clarence Dunn (mile). Mile—Belle, Vianek, Matter and Kelley. Two-mile lelay — Dunn, Seib, Beile and Kelley. Herb Matter, all-around performer, is expected to compete in the pole vault and broad jump and Capt. Paul Mail in the shotput. Several otheis may also be enteied. Sports Shorts One change in the lineup and some shifts in batting order have been made as the University of Iowa baseball team prepaics for its series with Northwestern here Fiiday and Satuiday. Coach Waddy Davis will try Jack Quinn, Davenport sophomore, at third base, replacing Ben Trickey. He also said that Clark Briscoe will be at first base, the position he held in the second Michigan game after Don
Ten Bail Squads Start Niew Seasdn With Four losses Despite the small rosters and lack of material caused by losses to the armed forces, five of the Big Ten diamond squads opened their 1943 baseball seasons Friday. Illinois Was the only victor in this group, their 8-5 win came as a I'esult of a two run homer in the eighth inning by freshman outfielder Joe Van Hooreweghe. Played At Champaign Illinois met the Minesota Gophers in their first tussle of the season on their home diamond at Champaign. The game was deadlocked at 5-all in the sixth inning when Hooreweghe stepped to the plate and sent a scorching single past second base, scoring Andy Phillip. Mr. Hooreweghe then clinched the game for Illinois when he added two tallies by his eighth stanza homer. The Gophers collected their runs in the fifth and sixth innings aided by the three errors made by the
mini.
Notre Dame, 9; Indiana, 4 Indiana opened their season at Notre Dame with a 9-4 loss to the Irish. Notre Dame was on the tail end of the score until they came up in the eighth inning with a six lun rally. Don Spence, Indiana southpaw, had held the Irish in check on six hits, and held a 4 to 3 lead going into the last half of the eighth, but SIX of the first seven men to face him in the eighth hit safely, and he was removed in favor of Dale Boehm, light hander. Notre Dame’s co-captain, Hal Smullen, stiuck out fifteen Indiana battel s, nicking each Hoosier at least once. Indiana’s runs came fioni the timely hitting by Gene White, who collected a single and a home lun Hiring the afternoon. Tom Sheehan, Notre Dame catcher, led the Irish batting column with five singles in five times at bat. Batteries for the Hoosiers were Spence, Boehm and Wellman; for the Irish, Smullen and Sheehan. Navy Pier, 19; Chicago, 7 Navy Piei whitewashed the Chicago Maroons 19-7, on Greenwood field, the Maioons’ home diamond, Friday m the first of a two game senes. Chicago got all of its runs in the fourth inning off Pitchers Ralph Keegan, Merrill Schlessner. and Roy Gibbens, after Ken Perme, the sailors’ starting hurier, had stiuck out eight of the 10 men who faced him in the fiist three innings. Navy Pier had two big innings, in the sixth they got six runs off SIX hits and a walk and added six more in the ninth on thiee hits, including two doubles, and throe passes Battel les for the Pier lads weie Pei me, Keegan, Schlessner, Gibbens and Burbiink; for the Maioons, Corson, Tupigno and Pfeil, Bailan. Milwaukee, 9; Wisconin, 2 In the last game of the opening day tussles, the Milwaukee Biewers of the Ameiican Association deleated the U. of Wisconsin nine, 9-2, 111 seven innings. The Brew'ers scoied in every inning except the first and got 11 hits. Only five hits weie given to the Badgers. Don Johnson, Milwaukee second sacker, hit a double and two singles to lead the Brewers. Kingsbuiy had played the spot in the openei. In the batting order, Lyle Ebnor has been shifted fiom eighth to sixth, Hariy Rinkema from fifth/to seventh, and Briscoe from sixth to fifth, Quinn will bat eighth.
Used Sicycle Owners! Will Pay Cash for Used Bicycles Kiger Shell Service 200 Northwestern Ave. Phone 8281
Grashed April S Lt. Tom Harmon of the United States Army Air Forces, and former All-American football star, has been announced as alive and safe by the Antilles air task force headquarters in San Juan, Puerto Rico. Harmon had been missing since April 8, when he disappeared on a Latin American flight. Details of his crash and the subse- ^ — quent rescue from his ■wrecked
Six Contests Keep Spartan Squads ^usy This Weeli East Lansing, Mich., April 17—
Spring sports burst into full bloom at Michigan State Collet next week. There will be action m baseball, track, tennis, and golf. Six intercollegiate contests are sched-
uled over the next six days. The baseball team has a game
with Notre Dame here Wednesday, the home season opener, and will go to Columbus, 0., foi a pair of tiffs with Ohio State on Friday and Saturday. Star members of the track and field cast will be escorted to Des Moines, la., by Coach Karl A.
Schlademan for a fling in the Drake mother in Ann Arbor, Mich., with Relays. The tennis team opens the ^ feivent “Thank God.” The 70season against Michigan hei"e on year-old father, however, spoke for Wednesday while the golfers will *^he family and friends who had pry off the lid on Satui-day at Ann piayed that their hero would “score Arbor, hooing up in a trianglular once more”, affair with Michigan and Notre Friends Happy
plane m the jungles were not made available. Harmon, one of fpotbalPs all-time greats, played at the University of Michigan in 1938, 1939 and 1940, making AllAmeiican his last two year's as a backfield star. He set a new national scoring record in his last season, topping a mark made in the I920’s by Red Grange of Illinois.
“Old 98”
A few days before his disappearance, the Harmon family received a letter from their son postmarked Puerto Rico in which he expressed his eagerness to get into more active duty with his plane “Old 98—Old Butch”, the 98 being his football
number at Michigan.
The Official announcement of Harmon’s safety was received by his
Dame.
Coach Seeks Pitcher Coach John Kobs is still combing the ranks of his baseball squad for
“Boy, we’ie really tickled to death,” he said. “I can hardly say anything more, except that we were in pretty bad shape here. I tried not
pitching talent. A pitcher himself in to let on, but I don’t think I suc-
college and minor league days, ceeded very well.”
Coach Kobs is tireless in his efforts to plug gaping holes in the mound ranks. He now has his eye on an infielder who has shown Kobs some
Herbert O. (Fritz) Crisler, Michigan’s head football coach, who tutored Harmon, received his first word of Harmon’s rescue from the
likely looking stuff in practice newspapers.
games. The piospect is Art Mais- “Oh, my gosh,” he said. “I’ve been choss, third sacker from Buffalo, very Strong in my conviction that N. Y., who confessed recently to he’d turn up all along.” pitching in high school. Kobs “Never Failed”—Crisler promptly intioduced him to the Crisler said yesterday, after atniound for woikouts and the results tending a special Mass for Harmon's aie encouiaging. Colm Getz and s,afe return that-“maybe it’s wishDick Bernitt are the chief hopes ful thinking, but I just feel snre in the flinging department, but Tom will come through. He’s never Kobs’ search goes on. Joe Vavra, a failed to yet and h'e never will.” iight-handei with a smoking fast Following" his graduation from ball, also has atti acted some at- Michigan, Harmon went to HoUy-
tention. Vavia’s lack of control is
a drawback.
The Spartan diamond boss be-
wood wheie the picture of his football career “Harmon of Michigan” was produced. In addition to his aet-
lieves he has uncovered a hitting ing, Harmon also spent some time star in Bob Pioulx, a chunky fresh- as a radio announcer, broadcasting man Irom Sterling. Proulx, a left sports contests, handed hitter, has cleaied a 10-foot Entered Service Year Ago scieen in light field fiequently About a year ago he passed his with diives. The boy had a reputa- examinations to enter the Army Air tion before he appealed here to Foices and went into training. He enter college. His ability to hit the was just recently graduated 'With ball haid at one time attracted the Ins wings,
eagle eye of Wish Sgan, Detroit Tiger scout, who told Coach Kobs of Ills ability Kobs is woiking hard to develop Proulx’ fielding foini.
Heidke
Cook, Senior Halfback, Wins Kizer Trophy
(Continued from page 1)
but a little o.xperience. After two yeais at this uistitution under-the very capable instruction of Hick Papepguth, Boilermaker swimming mentor, Ray has already established a veiy formidable record. “Three woild marks are not exactly uncomplimentary to Coach Papenguth, and Coach Papenguth made the State-
Walter Cook, Caspei, Wyoming, ment at the pool yesterday, “I bemidget haltback and quarterback heve if Roy had another year irf on the Boilei maker football team competitive experience, he would
foi the last three seasons, was awardetl the Noble E. Kizer Menioiial Tiophy last night at the annual banquet of the Piudue
Alumni Association.
The tiophy, offeied annually by
break every bieast stroke record in
the book.”
Conditioning Not Easy
When Roy fiist came to this school, he was very weak in his legs. This matter was remedied by
Mitchell Menacof, of Indianapolis, his swimming half to a milfta day former Boilermaker student, is with a pair pf tennis shoes on, just awarded to “the Purdue football one of the examples of sti'enuous player who has brought national tiaiiiing that the star has gone lecognitioii to the University through to attain the perfect mus-
thiough outstanding" ability on the gridiron and m the class room. Cook, who will be graduated at the seventieth comniencoment cxeicises toda>, \%eighed but B50 pounds, but was rpcogmzed as one
cle cooidmation and stamina that he
has today.
When asked after the perfomanee what aid Coach Papeugnth bad been to him in his successful cHmb up the ladder of swimming fagne.
of the haidest and surest tackleis Kov couldn't say enough in praise in the conteience. In addition to his ot bis coach. ‘■‘Dick has done everygridiron accomplishments, Cook thing for me. He taught am to.switn was also a membei of the Riveter i iRht and has l>een just abmut a sets!
baseball squad for Lno yeais. - ond tathei to me.”Duncan Hall Scene Of Blood Gifts
, '' . „ ' ''/ Purdue Exponent Sunday, April is, 1943
aaai% «•.» Sifema Delta Cni InifiatcB! Please B«e
WBAA Broadcasts Personnel 'Notes
all have paid. —WOLF
Nurses Serve Donors Rationed Sandwiches, Grapefruit Juice, Additional Delicacies
Frank Buck To Speak, Show Jungle Thrillers
1 KyCarobn Wilbur * •! 07 I Duncan Thomas Community Hall was one building which was not passed Unnoticed last ^QflVO April Zi
week with its two very large Red Cross flags waving from morning until night, reminding all pftssersby of the many hei-oic tasks performed by the Red Cross ever since the founding of
this organization. '
But to those who passed between the two flags and entered the portals of Duncan Hall, a much more vivid picture was witnessed—one of cleanliness, efficiency, timeliness and prevailing happiness in being able to —
serve Uncle Sam in any small way. The Red Cross Mobile Unit which travels from city to city was stationed here last week and many citizens of Lafayette and the fcun'oundin.Er countiy helped to increase the blood plasma bank by donating a pint of blood. Each hopeful blood donor was greeted by a friendly Red Cross worker and escorted to the i-cgis-trar. From then on cveiy donor was treated like a queen oi' king, with Red Cross woikers ready to serve at any time and in any w ay. Rationed Juices While waiting for the routine check-up consisting of hemoglobin, blood piessuie tests, etc., nurses stood by with trays of fruit juices— orarfge, pineapple, grapefruit and tomato—all those war-rationed beverages which the American people have in the past taken for granted but aie now iai e treats. Here, blood donors w'ere being seivcd all they could drink. Trays of cigarettes were also located at convenient places and magazines of all types were lying around begging- for readers. Direct Contributions All the blood donors w'eie easily recognized by their pioud radiating smiles—smiles due to the realization that heie today, each person was able to contribute directly to the boys on the fighting front. It was a sad sight, indeed, to see some of the patrons rejected. Each donor w'as filled to the utmost with the desire to give blood; to be rejected w'as a disappointment too great to be concealed. Jars Of Blood From the examining room, another friendly -woiker ushered the blood donor into a rather laige auditoiium filled w'lth cots and on each cot an individual with a tube connected from his arm to a pint jai. These jars were being filled with blood to be used later to peihaps save a life. To cause the blood to flow from the arm, necessitated the blood donor working his hand. The only assui'ance that the hand movements were producing results were the reassuring comments by the Red Cross nurses such as, “Keep it up, the jar is nearly half full.” Donors Feast After about five minutes effort each jar would be filled, the tube removed and the donor ready for the canteen. The canteen was a welcome sight to the hungiy blood donor, and its cheeriness made the meal of crackeis, sandwiches, cookies, ice cream and diinki all the more enjoyable. Upon leaving Duncan Hall, winch from this moment on would be a living inemoiy ro all those who had passed tlnough its poitals, each blood donoi wa» pieseiited with a bronze or silver medal depending on whether this was the first, second or thiid time and each was loya'ly thanked foi his seiMcc. Yet evei.r person leaving Duncan Hall, leJt with the leehiig that they should be the one to thank the Red Cioss for this oppoitunily rather than to be thanked. No Penalty Days Students are expected to attend all classes on Monday and 'Fuesday, April 19 and 20. However, many will be inrehed in Army and Navy e.xaminations of one sort or another, some -who live on farms will be expected to help with the spring planting, others will be observing religious holidays. Since there are no l‘EN'ALTY D.\yS this term and the Dean oi Men's office is not involved with the granting of excuses, absences from classes during the remainder of the term must be arranged between the student and the instructor involved. —(lOLDSMI'FII
Nofice .Vccording to Majoi R. 1!. Riordad of the .Militarj Depaitment only advanced militarj students who are graduating Siiiulaj must be present at graduation to gel their certificates. Statements that ail advanced military students lune to be at graduation are false, as onij those who are graduating must appear.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lickty
-And ilien jusl as our guests were leaving, i lound mysself insisting they stay for dinner.” ■ " --i ^
University Calendar Week of Apitil 18-24
9:00'A..M. 12:00 Noon 2:;]0 P.M. 10:00 A.M. 1:00 P.M. 0:00 P.M. 0:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P M. 7.30 P.M. 9:00 A.M. 7:00 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 8:00 P.M. 9:00 A M. 1:00 P.M. 7:.10 P.M. 7:30 P.M. AH D.i'y 1.00 P.i\I.
Sunday, April 18 HOLY WEEK
Class ’33
Alumni Luncheon Commencement Exeitises
Old Chestnut Rm., Union North Ballioom, Union
Hall of Music
Monday, April 19
County Agents Meeting County Agents Meeting Sigma Plii'Elpsilon Dimiei Alpha Xi Delta Frdi’s Day Banq. Pan Ameiican Club Kappa Delta Pi Purdue Staff Budge
Room 203, Union Room 2()1, Union Room 33 1, Union E. Faculty Lge , Union Towel. Union Room 355, Union W. Faculty Lge., Union
Tuesday, April 20
Refieshoi Course—H. E. Agents Ceres MeetingAlpha Phi Omega-Meeting Chustian Science Oigainzation Graduate Dames Paity
Room 117, Holt. Bldg. Room 212, Union Room 307, Union Room 2 12, Union W. Faculty Lge., Union
Wednesday, April 21
Refresher Course—II. E. Agents Room 171, Hoit. Bldg. Committee on State ol University Room 2(0), Union Varsity Chiistian Fcllow'ship Room 307, Union Maiiiage Couise W. Fucully Lge., Union Friday, April 23 Ind. Polled ShoiUioin B'cede, s’ Annual .Sale Ji'd.g. Pa\. Univ. Fai in Cosmnpi litiin Club Sleeting Room Union
Saturday, April 24
7.00 A .M. Ol icntaiion Tests
Eh/a To,\ lei Hal!
Placement Notes (f o'lliMUod I'l (ini jiage 21 an )! cciate knoa u’g. St. Elizabeth Hospital, Lafayette, Indiana, ai.iiOiii'cc s oppo.tunitie. in tlie.i laiauatoij -.cliool ot medical teclmologj foi Mudelits \Mtli two yeais ot college' oi w'lth a degiee to tiain a,, medical tcclinologi ,is. Tlio traiiimg- pel iod coveitwelve months and aJ'tcr the 111 si lew months tlie student is given a slight i emunei atioii. Anyone Intel esleil should call Placement Seivice foi Women, 2!155, immediately. The Office of Naval Inspector of Ordnance, Fort Wayne, Indiana, announces openings for inspectors for womcii with tiaining in science including jihjsics. The salaiy is .'>1140 iiei jeai. Anyone intcrc.sted should call I'kicement Scivice for Women, 2955, at once. Mr. Earl B. Archibald, Director of Personnel, Lear Avia, Inc., Piqua, Ohio, has written for women trained in engineering drawing; for thosc also ti allied in matheniatics and sc-ieiico loi w'oi k in llieii Te.st Laboiaioiy. Call 2955 if interested. Mrs. Grace A. Smartt, manager, Canyon Inn, McCormick’s Creek Canyon State Park, Spencer, Indiana, needs girls for summer work. Chicago Commons, 955 West Grand Avenue, ('hicigo. 111, a social seLtlenieiil de.siimg giils foi.siininiei- work. Jobs aie woiking with cluldicii and jiays boaid and loom |)lus a small c-asli allcnvaiice. Anjoiie inleiesfc'd should get in
Frank Buck, greatest of all living wild-animal hunters, will appear in a convocation at the University April 27 at 7:30 p. m. Students will be required to show receipt for their
University fees.
The lecture is to be accompanied by movies taken on some of his expeditions on which he has been tracking- down the world’s most ferocious animals for thirty-one years.. Over 500 specimens of rare animkls, birds and reptiles have been brought liack for zoos. He has In-oug-ht the biggest giant King Cobra over exhibited and brought an Indian rhinos 16,000 miles from the Jungles of Nepal where few white men are allowmd to go.
Author Of Books
He is the author of several bestselling books, the latest being his autobiography “All In a Lifetime,” the story of a life of adventure. Others include the well known “Bring ’Em Back Alive,’’ “Wild Cargo,” “Fang and Claw,” “Animals Arc Like That,” and “On
Jungle Trails.”
As a boy in Gainesville, Texas, Buck became very interested in animals, and the first money he ever made was by catching rattlesnakes. Instead of becoming a doctor or a law'yer, he chose to be an animal and bird collector. In 1911 he made his fiist trip aw'ay from America. His collection of birds from the jungles of South America became so famous that he decided to make another trip which he did two years later. In the last thiity year.s Frank Buck has crossed the Pacific Ocean forty-five times, and has tiavelled aioiind the globe a dozen times. Sport'S Short'S Iowa, needing- a head footliall coach, has at least eight of them on the athletic premises . . . but they are not available because they aic navy officers on the Pre-flight school staff. Among them are Benue Bierman, Minnesota; Denny Myers, Boston college, who ])lajmd at low'a; Clyde Carpenter, IMoiitaiia; Forrest Evashevski, Hamilton; Fled Faiirot, Parsons; Jim Tatum, Noith Carolina; Moon Mullins, St. Ambrose; and Ben Doug-
las, Giinnell.
Lt Comdr. Alden W. Thompson, officer in charge of physical drill and recreation at the Great Lakes Naval Training Station, soon will attend war fitness confciences in Cincinnati, O., and Washington, D. C. He w'ill speak before the 48th national convention of the Amciican Association for Health, Physical Education and Recreation which IS scheduled Api-H 13-16 and he also w-ill aiipoar at a Navy physical fitnes.-, coni'cioncc in Washing-
ton April 19 and 20.
Program On flight Instruction School WBAA, campus radio station climaxed its semester’s broadcasting yestei-day noon with a program originating from the University airport in which the workings of the Naval Plight instructoi-s school were explained and a glee club composed of members of the naval school sang a couple songs and then the activity was focussed on the airport where Bob Woodworth, assistant publicity director, gave a short history of the airport. Many First Reported Included in this report was the mention of several conspicuous firsts, the University airport being the first airport sponsored by a University, the one at which CAA training for students began and at which the first coed took to the sky, also from the time it was built it has received such famous people as the late Wiley Post and the late Amelia Earhcart, Description of the function of the Naval flight instructors school was furthered by Lt. S. G. Vetter who is in charge of the training. AcGoi'ding to him the instruction began last November 6 and the work has required highly specialized training. Training For Instrucfors The purpose of the course is to train men who already know how to fly how to teach others to fly, and in order to do that they must be highly trained in all the phases of the training students have to under-
go.
Insight into the various teachingmethods was demonstrated by broadcasts from the various instruction rooms. Subjects being iaught include. Navigation, Meteorology, Engines, and Theory of Flight. Finally listeners were taken to a' plane in flight wheie the pilot, Lt. Francks explained some of the various acrobatic stunts including an immelmaii turn, loop and a controlled spin by dcmonstiating the pioper management of the controls. Students do not perform these tricks merely for the fun of doing them. according to Francks, but to condition them to the sensations encountered in aerobatic maiiouvers.; The program was finished with aiiothei selection by the glee club. HERE’S THE MAIL BOY The girls at Westminstei College have taken a better liking to the mailboy than the mussle bound athlete. The leason is, that the coeds aie getting as many as five letters a day fioin the outside woild. The starting place of the letter is not divulged but it was hinted that they originated at the soldiers haven. The girls literally line up waiting for the letteis ot their four or five line loves.—Daily Kansan. Try an Exponent Classified!
lomb nniiif .li.ite'',’. with Placement Sei \ ite In VCnii‘ii (1955). Ml .. .1. 7,. Stout, 111 ciiaige—tcaoonis. AWiliam S. Block aiitl Comliaiiy, liulanu'.polis, Indiana, has iiut tdcidioneil i > say that she needs a -lUpcivi-or in jiastiy and oiu' to lake cha'go of the clouiiing and dish loom. If you are inteiesLed, will you wiite her immediafely and let me know that you aie applying. If you tio not care to aplily and have accepted other omjiloymenl. 1 sliall also appreciate hearing horn you. E. R. Billings, Sixth IR S. Civil SeiMce Region Repre.sentativc, j-oom 9, Post Office Bldg., Lafayette, Indiana, will inteivK'W women college g-iaduafe.s, Saturday and Monday, Ajn il 17 and 19, from 9 a. m, to 5 p. m. Ajiplicalions x\ ill he accepted lor Trainee Tiaflie Coniiolle's (Aiiwav and Aiipoit) for tirUning 111 Chu-.igo. S.ilary of ipl50 iiei month plus 21 jioi cent overtime while tiaining- with excellent ))io motional oppoi Umities upon coinplctioii of com so. Training .sfait.s lietween April 15 and May 15. Foi wonic'i with one year or more college wank, and a high school career including .siibjec-Ls of niatlieiiialics, and Til- plijsic-s, and/or cheiiiisli y, aiiplications wall he accejiled foi tiaining at Purdue L'niversifj, U'est Tailayette, Indiana, liegininng May 3i-d. ,Salai y $120 per iiiuiilh cvhile training and jn omotion if liiialified to $1,620 a year, ])lus 21 iiei (-('lit ovc'i Lime foi ilutyiiiAii(lall Radio Laboiaioiy, Wright l-’ield, Daj’toii, Oliio. Do not ajiply
Companies scheduled to visit the
campus:
Esso Laboratories, Baton Rouge, Louis'iana—April 19. Interested in organic chemists. Union Oil Company of Californio, Los Angeles, Calif.—Interested in Ph.D., Ch.E., B.S., Ch.E., M.E. and E.E. Sign in Personnel Office imme-
diately.
Summer work for undergraduates in Forest Conservation Service, North American Rockies. See Professor E. R. Martell for further
details.
Robbins & Myers, Inc., Springfield, Ohio—Interested in E.E., M.E. not eligible for military service. Sign in Personnel Office by Tuesday, April 20. Woodward Governor Co., Rockford, 111.—Interested in M.E., E.E. students w'ho have completed three years of engineering training. Sign ill the Personnel Office by Tuesday,
April 20.
Tennc.s.sec Valley Authority, Knoxville, Tenn.—Interested in college giaduates with various degrees (see notice). Sign in Personnel Office by Tuesday, April 20, 1943. National Union Radio Corporation, Newark, N. J.—Interested in E.PL, Phy.sicist.s. Sign in Personnel Office by Tudsday, April 20.
All Science Seniors: Please call at Dean Enclers’ oltice this -week without fan. We have some information that “ out. • —ENDJtKS Scobhard and Blade: Pictures taken at banquet al'o super. All who want ip-ints at BO cents per, sec me immediately. Lve^one was in the picture. —HECKARD Machine Design Courses: All drawers in desks in drawing rooms must ho vacated ana left unlocked by April 21. It will be necessary to remove equipment left after tlint time. The department cannot be responsible for equipment so removed. —AULi Agriculturist: Meeting of all Agriculturist workers -Wednesday at 4 p. come—Important. —DUESJ-ER All Women’s Track Meet; Meet will Ire held Monday at 4 p'. m. in Fteldhoiisc. All people interested should sign up m Women’s Gym as soon as possible. goFF MT G arid MT 7 Students: Uepoit to University Cashier und draw uniform commutation money which is available. Be sure and get this money before you leave the University. —BROWN Skull and Crescent: New initiates who have not paid initiation foo must do sb ut once. —KING Secretaries of Honornrics and CiuPs: Be sure that the copy for youi page In the Debris is in the Debris workshop before the end of this semester. If you have not'been contacted about this, call the Dehric office at onct. RENTSCH Delta Rho Kappa; Election of officers for noxt stniesUi will be held Monday, April 10, in iDum iif the Union. He tticre. This inattLi must be taken cure ot. -BOSMA Alpha Phi Omega: All members please lenvu your summti :ulclrisscs with M. L Bonder. 212 E. Cal' Hall Those who have ordered kiys aie esixcially urged to do so. - BENDER
Classified Ads
Typewriters: Adrlinp mncnines, all makes sold, rented n paired .ind purchased. Mimeograph woik done C. J. KbershofT, G05 Main, Lafayette. I’honc 2779. Money to Loan: On diamonds, watches, guns, luggage, tvpewnturs. Albert’s Loan OfTicc, 407 Columbia. Wanted—Students to deliver Puidue Kxponent. Apjily Exponent ollico oi call K. 31. J'Cruej line, 8121. Male roommate needed to keep good loom. De^iiorate! Call “Dick”, 71834. (’ompictelj furnished, 5 rooms, luai c.iml)us. for two month . available nbonl May 1. i\i\\ 4')()dl Lost on rnmpns, a ktvcasi and (I'.e ke>s belonging to C E. Wolf lUwaid. Phone Titei, 3()r»l Selling Out by Apiil 20. 191,'! Kadio, bto\(, ulugtiatoi. vacuum cleanei kitchen waie, upholstt red furnituie, etc. VVtstniinstci Coopuatne IlouvC. olS N Giant St. Phone 27 17 WANTED—T^cd PaUoon-Tire Hic>cle. Kiger Shell Service, 200 NoHhneslern. Lost—I’l Heta Hlii soiontv j)in (aiiou). Sit with juaiK. Riwaicl. liutli Hay(.'> Wtuxl
Hall
Notices
Tail Heta Pi: Shmgh-
aie av.iilabK S i Stride)
Hall Fall (las. mi SI house for then shinghs. Camera (lub: 'I hose the exhibit m kd the
foi sunii'm r rl.iss at dtU) SK C’aiy Clan at arianglo
—SEDDON
. iio had pieturtb in II at Iht sf ded<.
IIAYV/ARD
DEANNA DURBIN has her most fascinating role in Universal’s “The .‘(mazing Mrs. Holliday.” Playing at the Lafayette Theatre.
IIBERTY UMEiaCKS
All Women Students; euied an acli\itie. •'hei oil iLi' please pi L om hi it to the olTice imnudialt A.M. 21 and 22 Make tion il ( \ams u ill be heh 29. in loom 102. Ikaviloi
Military Seniors: 'Iho ati(i end of this trim week in Rtjim H-1 Arn
, I Irom the AWS 1 it Oil! and r' turn U MURPHY !up Exams: CondiI on iMonda\. April II Hail fiom H to 11 SANDERS ( going to O t S s'gn papers tins HKSTERHEHG
Lt. Paul D. (Tony) Hinkle, who coached the Great Lakes Naval Training Station football and ba.skelball teams to national .service chaniiiion.shiii.s, irequcntly leceivcs requests for photogiaph.s and autographs from follov.-e.s of Bluejacket squads. One of the most le, cent leque.st.s came from Lawrence L. Doe, Indian lollowei ol Ibo Bluejacket quiutel iluiiiig the 1912-43 season, who lives on Llie Rosebud leseivation in Mission, So. Dakota. Lt. Hinkle forwarded an autographed copy of the Bluejackets’ scoring record.
if engaged in wai woik at equal or greater skill. The Young’ Women’s Christian Association of Saginaw, Michigan, has vacancies on their cam'll staff including counselors for swimming and sporl.s; camp crafts and woods; and music and evening programs. Anyone interesled should gel in touch immediately with Placoinenl SciVK-e lor Women (2955) for apjilication blanks. Goodyear Aircraft Corporation, Akron, Ohio, announces junior ongineeiing college training- iiiogiam for women beginning .Iiline 1 and continuing for six months. It will he given at selected acciedileil engineei mg' institutions. Applicants niusL liave successfully comiilcted elemenlaiy (ullege mathematics including- algebra and geometry; must )iass physical examination; and mu-'t ha\e a good scholastic recoid. 'rinlion, loom and hoard will be iiaiil liy flic coi poration in addition to a cash allotnieiiL eatli month. A loplesenlativo will lie on tlie cani|)us in the veiy lu'ai rutuie to interview Intel ested students. Anyone inleresled should call Placement Service for Women (2955) at once.
LADD NO LIKE! In Paramount’s swift action movie, “Lucky Jordan,” now plajing at the Mars Theatre, squint-eyed Sheldon Leonard tries to snatch a brief case filled with war plans from Helen Walker. Above, it’s tough guy Alan Ladd to the rescue!
A locksmith who lived in Key West, Said—“I have a plan to suggest; Buy Bonds—all you can; They’ll help lick Japan— Moreover, they’ll feather your nest!”
Ilolp your county meet Ita quote). Inveat 10% of your * income in War Bonds regB ulocly, regularly, regularly.
Patriotic to keep your clothes in good condition. Clean Clothes last longer and our Government wants woolen goods for the armed forces, CROWN Cleaned Clothes arc also mothproofed by the Monite Process. Orown Laundry
Fim DRY CLFwHSmO
y y y y r
' I
I > P
n .7' #
A I#
^ I 1 1 I I