w'4i| i -(■* (,
4:r’i-*-iT0
■. 1^1
«=<S'iK ''
•i^ f """-i
£V
Purdue 34, Illinois 30
Purdue Exponent
Z-185
SUNDAY
February 12,1939
Lafayette, Indiana
Vol. 50
No. 112
News Week e Pope Pius XI. Lies in State at St. Peter's Cathedral in Rome, e "Fight to the End," Says Loyalist Government in Spain, e House Reduces Appropriations for Tennessee Valley Dams. • Philadelphia Coal Company Threatens No Delivery to Water Works. • TVA And Public Utilities Reach New Agreement. • Miami Girl Lands 102 Pound Tarpon In Tournament.
FOREIGN
Pope Pius XI . . .
... lies in state today at Vatican City’s St. Peter’s Cathedral as thousands pay homage to “the pope of peace.” The Pope died early Friday morning in his private apartments in Vatican City after a short illness caused by an attack of cardiac asthma (chronic with the Holy Father for more than two years) and complicated by bronchitis. The 81-year-old Pope had become ill ■very suddenly: only Monday he had observed the 17th anniversary of his election to the papal throne by long prayer in his
private chapel. , ■ On hearing the pontiff to be in his last minutes, various high ecclesiastical authorities hurried to the Vatican. Extreme Unction was administered about a half hour before death by Monsignor De Romanis,
the Pope’s sacristan. Terroristic Irish . . .
Dr. Thurman Rice Will Speak On Marriage Tonight At 8 In Memorial Union Ballroom Husband, father, doctor, author, lecturer, and “good citizen,” Dr. Thurman B. Rice, one of the most widely known authorities on his subject in the Middle West, will speak on “Looking Toward Marriage” at 8 o’clock tonight in the Memorial Union ball- ' ■ room.
Speaker
. . . Republican armie^s threatened further violence in a crudely printed warning sent to a Londonderry jiewspaper this week in its campaign to rid Ireland of British influence. Meanwhile the Irish parliament considered a new legislation providing the death penalty and military tribunals for I. R. A. conspirators. London has been subjected to a series of bombings for nearly a month which were attributed to the 1. R. A.; however, terrorism this week seemed to have eased off. Additional guards were placed around Buckingham Palace and the houses of Parliament, and 10,000 extra police guard other government buildings. 0 France’s Senate Voted . . . . . . confidence in the government’s foreign policy, 290 to 16, this week following a speech by Foreign Minister Georges Bonnet. Bonnet indicated that his policy is based onvcooperation with the United States and Great Britain. “France will never cede an inch of territory to Italy,” the Minister declared. WAR “Fight To The End” . . . . . .said Spanish Loyalist Premier Juan Negrin and central Spain’s commander-in-chief Gen. Jose Miaja yesterday in Madrid. Burning their bridges behind them, rebels at their heels, leaving as little war material as possible for victorious rebel Gen. Franco, 220,000 Loyalist soldiers and refugees madly raced for the French frontier last week, abandoning Catalonia. Loyalist armies poured into France 6,000 an hour on Monday. Today, only one-fourth of Spain remains in government hands, the Madrid-Valencia area. ^‘Unconditional Surrender” ... , . . demanded Franje of government Catalonian officials. “Yes|” said President Manuel Azana and Catalonian government president Luis Companys. “Never,” said Negrin and Foreign Minister Julio Alvarez del Vayo, breaking over issue of continuing war. Negrin and aids were willing to surrender only on three terms: 1. Spain should be free of foreign influence (Italian and German). 2. Government be established by plebecite (probable displacement of Franco). 3. Liquidation of war without persecution. Franco still replied, “unconditional surrender.” Rapidly Changing . . . ... Negrin almost daily veered from one view to another in France last week, just across from shattered (Continued on page 2)
Dr. Louis Mann Will
Speak At Religious Convo Next Sunday New to University students. Dr.
Louis L. Mann, rabbi of Sinai Congregation of Chicago, will deliver the regular monthly Convocation for Worship next Sunday at 10:30
a. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. “Civilization at the Crossroads”
will be Rabbi Mann’s subject. Dr. Mann has studied at Johns Hopkins University, and obtained bachelor’s and master’s degrees from the University of Cincinnati. A graduate of Hebrew Union College, he also holds a PhD. degree from Yale University.
President E. C Elliott, making
one of his first appearances before the general student body since his return to this country, will intro-
duce Dr. Mann.
300 More Vaccinated; EE Instructor Placed Under Observation Three hundred students were vaccinated for small pox yesterday by Health Service physicians in addition to the 1,000 previously vaccinated, and H. S. Dixon, instructor in electrical engineering, went under observation for the disease. Dr. S. J. Miller last night urged students still unvaccinated, or who were vaccinated over five years ago, to report to the Health Service in the Executive Building tomorrow or Tuesday. Miller especially urged students in any of Dixon’s classes
to be vaccinated.
Dr. Thurman B. Rice, member of the Indiana University Medical School and chairman of the State Board of Health, will speak on “Looking Toward Marriage” this evening at 8 o’clock in the Union ballroom.
A feeling that marriage lectures planned for the seniors each year are not sufficient and that underclassmen are being neglected has prompted the Purdue Religious Council to sponsor this lecture. Rev. W. A. McFadden, Methodist student pastor, and member of the Religious Council stated yesterday, “Many of the students never become seniors and many of them transfer to other schools, missing the benefits of the legular senior marital lectures.” Will Answer Questions After talking for 46 minutes. Dr. Rice will pause for a short time while the audience writes questions, which he will answer. According to Rev. McFadden, Dr. Rice will take up any question and he has never been criticized for his wholesome and tactful treatment of inquiries. Dr. Rice has become well known throughout the middle west through his writings and lectures. A series of pamphlets written for the Chicago Medical Association; “Story of (See DR. RICE, Page 4)
EllioTt Returns Today
President and Mrs. E. C. Elliott will arrive here some time today. Prof. F. C. Hockema, assistant to the president, said last night. Hockema stated that the exact time of then arrival was not known, but it was probable that their children would di ive them to Lafayette from Chicago. Hockema talked to Dr. Elliott by long distance telephone soon after their boat docked in New York Friday. Bad weather delayed the ship, preventing the Elliotts’ arriving in Lafayette on Friday, as was previously expected. On the evening of his arrival from the Philippines the President addressed the Purdue Alumni Club in New York. Tomorrow at 7 p. m. Purdue Women’s Club will honor Dr. and Mrs. Elliott at a dinner of welcome in the Union ballroom. Wednesday evening a banquet sponsored by the Greater Lafayette Chamber of Commeice is scheduled, the follow-
Coming Home
Beretta^ Anderson Shine As Late lllini Rally Falters By Bob McDonald Purdue’s rejuvenated basketball team added another to its string of victories here last night by downing the hard fighting Illinois squad, 34-30, before a capacity crowd in one of the hardest fought contests of the season. Successfully staving off the blazing lasj; minute offensive drive of the lllini, Purdue managed to maintain its lead by means of the charity route, and were out in iront by the narrow margin of four points as the final gun sounded. « lllini drippled ttigwh. With the play of lllini stars Hapac and Dehner definitely below par because of recent illness, the Illinois squad matched the Boilermakers play for play and the outcome of the contest was never certain until the final gun had sounded. Still lacking the scoring punch which has characterized Boilermaker teams in the past, Purdue exhibited a brilliant passing game which kept the:p in possession of the ball during the majority of the game. With the Illinois team making a high percentage of their shots, Purdue was unable to establish much of a lead, and when center “Pick” Dehner instigated an Illinois rally during the closing minutes of the contest, it appeared that the Boilermakers would be forced to the wall. Purdue managed to maintain its lead, however, and were out in front, 34-30, when the gun ended the game.
Beretta Stars
Playing an excellent floor game, (See PURDUE WINS, Page 3) 6,473 Enroll For New Term Official figures for this semester’s registration were announced yesterday by R. B. Stone, registrar. Total number of students registered for the second semester is 6,473, an increase of 551, or 8 1-2 per cent over the second semester of last year. Registration last semester
totaled 6,778.
75 Couples...
President Edward C. Elliott ing Monday, February 20, will be the University Club welcoming din-
. . . danced yesterday afternoon in the faculty lounge of the Union in the first of the second semester’s Purdue Independent Association tea dances. Dancing continued from 3:30 to 6 p. m. to recordings of well known bands and selections that were announced before each number. Pedalion... . . . social sorority, yesterday announced the pledging of Iris Baumgartner, Pine Village; Mai'jorie McMillan, Rushville, and Dora Louise Krug, Evansville.
Scribe Recalls Lincoln's Lafayette Stops
Fred Beretta, scrappy Boilermaker guard, led the scoring in last night’s 34-30 triumph over the lllini in the Fieldhouse before a crowd of 8,000. Fred’s consistent aggre»sive play was one of the chief reasons for the second straight l^g Ten victory for the Gold and Black. Gopher Battle Will Be Retold In Fieldhouse By means of a special wire from Minneapolis, listening students in the Fieldhouse will have an opportunity to hear a play-by-play description of the Minnesota-Purdue game tomorrow night. Two picked freshmen teams will take over the floor at 7:16, before the varsity reports start coming in. After the first half of this game the first half of the Purdue-Minnesota game will be described over a public address system. The frosh squad will then play their last half, after which students will hear the final half of the Purdue-Minnesota bat-
tle.
Sponsored by the Gimlet Club, the wire reports were inaugurated last semester to enable students to hear unbroadcast out-of-town games. Previous broadcasts of Iowa and Indiana games were well attended.
7939 Valentines Blossom Out In A Flash Of Color; Buyers Have Large Selection By The Roving Reporter i
Blue, red and yellow flashes of color take the place of traditional lace in the 1939 valentine parade. When a young swain goes to purchase a greeting to send to his lady love on St. Valentine’s Day, Tuesday, he has one of the largest selections to choose from since the Saint first began traveling about with his
messages of good will.
He might send a box of chocolates to his mother as well as to the one and only, as many eds do. An authentic report has it that a particular local sucker spent five dollars for a sweet message of love, but did not send it to his mother. Possibly your girl v(vill be clutching a special heart-entwined telegram on the 14th. She might be playing one of the “talking valentines” that squeak a cheery “hello,
sweetheart” when she pulls^the pro-
per string.
If you know the salesman you might get just the thing you’ve been looking for if you scoot up and softly whisper, “Hey, Buddy, I want to look at some of those.” If you are not careful to point accurately, he may bring up a penny joker, a display of dirty cracks that would floor Jack Benny. These are hidden under the counter as a rule, just under the mechanical marvels—^the ones that wink their eyes and wave a red heart when in action. Puns creep into valentines sent to the best families, and frequently valentines which would be better suited for license plates. And no matter what your choice, you can find it at a local store. All you need
now is a girl.
By Bob Massey Today’s date brings out those ever recurring rumors—Did he or did he not stay at the Lahr Hotel during his travels? Abraham Lincoln, of course, is the subject of these conjectures among Lafayette old timers, a few of whom were alive at that time. Celebrating Lincoln's birthday the Historical Society is hdlding a meeting in the art gallery at 7th and Main streets, Lafayette, this afternoon at 2:36. The meeting will be open to the public, and H. K. Carmichael of the speech department will speak on Lincoln in the drama. Contrary to tradition, research done by Dr. W. M. Reser, Lafayette physician and now deposited with the Tippecanoe County Historical Society shows that Lincoln was in Lafayette only twice, once on his way from Springfield, 111., to the inauguration at Washington, (See LINCOLN, Page 4)
Fowler Hall Stage Is Beehive Of Activity As Play shop Works On Newest Production
By Bob Beer
Eliza Fowler Hall is a virtual beehive these days with stagehands swarming about putting finishing touches on sets and actors going into final rehearsals before opening presentation of “This Thing Called Love” Wednesday evening at 8 o’-
clock .
Working every spare moment for the past several weeks, Playshop's technical crew has constructed more of the props for this play than for any previous production. When the curtain rises Wednesday, everything on the stage except the hand props (telephones, statues, etc.) will have been built by the stage
crew.
Construct New Furniture Under the direction of “Shorty” Miller, who was in charge of the set
for “Of Thee I Sing” last year, the crev^ has even constructed modernistic upholstered furniture. A large davenport, central feature of the Ticket reservations for “This Thing Called Love” should be iwadA at the earliest possible date, as only a limited numbmr of good seats are still available, according to the Playshop director^ J. E. Dietrich. Reservations may be made at the Playshop office in Eliza Fowler Hall from 3 to 5 o’clock any afternoon. stage, will contain a radio built in one arm, and a streamlined book rack in the other. All props are constructed in Playshop’s worksh<Hli in the Union sub-basement, and are carried by hand to Fowler HaU.
m
//^diitfdaL
THE FUBDTIE EXPONENT
Jip^hihoA
Sunday, February 12,1939
(Continued from page I) Catalonia. Suiufay he wanted to battle on despite split, Mopday he was ready to surrender on stated terms, Thursday Negrin and del Vayo dashed to Toulouse, France, flew to Alicante, motored to Valencia. Friday they conferred with Gen. Miaja, "savior of Madrid,” and established new government headquarters in Madrid. Insurgent reports Wednesday said Miaja was going over Negrin’s head and dealing with Franco for peace. On Friday Miaja called these reports "absurd.” Strategic Island ... . . . Minorca, last remaining island in the Balearics held by Loyalists, fell into rebel hands Thursday. Four hundred and fifty refugees, including Loyalist administrative officers, deserted Minorca in the early morning hours, before insurgent forces landed. War In Central China ... ... has developed into a far-flung struggle between Japanese and Chinese guerilla forces. Japanese reported 200 battles against a total of 50,000 guerillas during January in Shantung, Hopeh, Honan, and Anhwhei provinces, killing 7,600, capturing 288. Chinese reports said Japanese suffered 2,000 casualties in the last two weeks from irregulars. WASHINGTON TVA Finance Slashes ... .. . were indicated this week, as the House adopted an amendment reducing appropriations for the Tennessee Valley Authority’s dam construction program by 17 millon, 203 thousand dollars. If passed by the Senate, o.k’d by the President, the bill will necessitate abandonment of work being done on the Gilbertsville, Ky., dam, the proposed dam at Watt Bair on the Tennessee River, and investigation of dam sites at Coulter Shoals. Following TVA reductions, the House proceeded to draft out an appropriation bill carrying $1,883,809,703 to operate 40 independent government agencies during the next governmental year—starting July 1. Verbal Barbs Flew ... . . . thick and fast in the Capitol this week, as FDR and Senator Carter Glass,(D-Va.) tangled over the question of nominating a new Federal judgfe for the western district of Virginia. It all started with Senate’s “courtesy” rejection of Floyd H. Roberts for the position. Tradition reigned as Senators stuck by Glass and Byrd, who admitted personal objections. Said FDR, the Senate has rights to reject or confirm only on grounds of fitness of the nominee. Unsatisfied, FDR ... . . . threw the relief question back into the face of Congress almost before smoke had cleared from hot Senatorial battles over passage of the 725 million dollar WPA appropriation last month. President Roosevelt stated that the millions now depending on WPA may be gone before summer iinless the original sum is bolstered by additional money. By continually bringing the issue before legislative bodies, FDR hopes to regain 150 million dollars which Congress, in the interests of economy, lopped from his original estimate of 875 million dollars. (FDR signed the original bill a week ago.) Outmoded Army . . . ... equipment, in the form of a mechanism to direct fire of anti-air-craft guns, has been sold, to Great Britain, according to a recent statement by Salesman Roosevelt. He firmly denies that foreign governments have been furnished with data on army instruments to detect warplanes at great distances. Any rumors, said the President, that the United States is selling up-to-date anti-aircraft equipment to - Britain are fake. Frances Perkins’Defense . . . ... reached a climax as she spoke before a secret session of the House’s judiciary committee this week. The secretary of labor, accused of failing to enforce deportation laws in the Bridges and Strecker cases, faces impeachment. Said Miss Ferkins, “I appreciate the, committee’s courtesy in hearing trie; apd the judicial atmosphere in
which it conducts the hearings.” NATIONAL A Technical Crime ... ... was in the offing last week, when two Philadelphia coal companies, having unpaid city coal bills on their hands amounting to $303,000, threatened to deliver no more coal to the city’s water works. Purchasing agent Knauer warned the city council, “We can’t let a city of 2,000,000 persons go without water . . we will have to seize coal wherever we can find it, relying on police force if necessary.” \ Ambitious Ben ... ^ . .. Fleigelmann, mechanic in Honolulu, Hawaii, last week decided that he would like to join the U. S. Army Air Corps. Before enlistment, however, Ben had to report to Brooklyn for his assignment. Undaunted by the 5,600 mile trip, Ben borrowed one of the Army’s Douglas B-18 bombers and left for San Francisco. Experience is a dear tekcher, Ben, a mere mechanic foimd out, when after a few minutes he crawled from the wreckage in a pineapple patch, five miles from his take-off. Ben will get to Brooklyn, nevertheless, as a court martial in Honolulu sentenced him to five years hard labor at Governor’s Island, fortified dot in the harbor across from Brooklyn. George Ade ... . . . silver haired Indiana literary czar, celebrated his 73rd birthday Thursday, looking back on a changing world from his winter home in Miami. Talking of his old friends, Booth Tarkington, Ort Wells, and Ring Lardner, Mr. Ade mentioned that he still manages to keep up with the best of them, when they go out “to make the rounds of the Florida night spots.” Winter Raced ... . . . across the country from the Yukon last week, bringing in its wake subzero weather over most of the middle west. Originating in Mayo, Alaska, with temperatures of sixty below, the storms rode on high winds down into Indiana. Reaching a velocity of over sixty miles an hour, the winds caused considerable damage throughout the state, centering its violence at Lin- ' ton and Crawfordsville. BUSINESS Peace Between TVA . . . . . . and public utilities early in the week started business on what some economists term the rosy road to recovery. , TVA settlement with Wendell L. Willkie, president of Commonwealth and Southern Corp., to buy that system’s Tennessee Power Company’s electric properties for about $80,000,000 was characterized by some financial big-wigs as administration “capitulation” to the utilities’ argument. Export News ... ... seeped through this week from the Department of Commerce concerning results of their past year’s surveys. Official figures shown that.
LmA TODAY- MONDAY
V handsome man of th /orld in a tight squeeze . . when he became a deter ained young lady’s first crush
DURBIN L iu Tkat cmmMAGF MELVYN DOUG
although exports dropped off eight percent in 1938, some 26 countries— including such important customers as the Netherlands, Russia and Scandinavian • countries — boosted purchases in this coimtry. All Branches ... . . . of the metal working industry report rises in volume of trade according to a recent - issue of the American Machinist. New York’s market shows that leading steel and motor shares enjoyed .most bu3nng favor in the last few days as the exchange continued its laborious climb. General Motors, Crysler, Bethlehem, and U. S. Steel took the initiative. SPORTS Many A Brawny ... . . . fisherman felt minnowish last x^eek as he read of a handsome Mihpii, Florida, girl named Frances Laidlaw. With a three-ounce bait-casting rod and a small bait-casting reel which held 86 yards of number six thread — linenabout the same tackle \ appropriate to sporty bass fishing^l02 pound Frankie Laidlaw had landed a tarport weighing 102 pounds. To the joy of Florida’s publicity agents, the catch went on record as the outstanding achievement of this year’s 99-day Miami Fishing Tournament. After Leading . . . ... a movement for “moral rearmament” in Great Britain, Bunny Aus.;^ tin, British, finalist in last year’s Wimbledon tennis championship, is returning to Davis Cup competition this year. Believer in the theory that the world is “headed towards destruction,” introspective Cambridge graduate Austin denounced the tennis game last year to help foster good will towards a war-torn universe. Last week Austin continued his “good-will program,” started his racquet-swinging again, and said,' . “I can help to clarify the situation more by making contacts with other people while playing tennis and by trying to influence their opinions to create moral rearmament.” Boyish-looking Pennsylvania . ... Byron Nelson set a new 54-hole golf tournament record with a score of 198 in a Phoenix, Ariz., professional open last week and won $3,000 in cash. Nelson carded two amazing rounds of 65 and finished 15 strokes below par, 12 ahead of his nearest rival, Ben Hogan of White Plains, _N. Y. National Professional . . . . . . Football League moguls reelected fiery, white-haired Joe E. Carr, Columbus, 0., president for a ten-year term while meeting in Chicago Thursday. Carr, in his annual report, testified that attendance figures for ’38 showed a 14 percent increase over ’37.
Bold
am
'd -
Black There is weeping and wailing and a gnashing of teeth in, the Theta camp. The actives are no more successful than we are in finding out just which two of their pledges have fraternity pins. Can you help them out?
Life must be hard for MANETTE HOLLINGSWORTH. How does she manage things so nicely, dating a Phi Delt and a Phi Gam and wearing a Phi Psi pin all at the same time ? Seems as though the Pi Phi’s and the Alpha Chi’s had a tough row to hoe during rush last week. We see the Pi Phi’s ended on top "mth 11 pledges to the Alpha Chi’s 10. The river gals got a bit of a head start since they put seven through the hot box on Monday night. It might be that the Pi Phi’s got panicky since they had only two of their 13 pledges make their grades the first semester.
It seems that the fateful triangle is bound to spring up. Phi Sig’s KEN HOOKANSON and ERNIE ELKIN are taking up most of VIRGINIA DIEHL’S time. How much longer do you think that you keep them on the string VIRGINIA? The Boy Pi Phi’s are wondering lately where LORENZO ARMSTRONG spends all of his time. Remember “Army,” spring may be approaching but so is graduation.
We can’t figure out whether TREVA BERRY is holding down the BETAS or the Betas are holding down TREVA. HUB BOYER deeded his BERRY stock to brother BILL MURRAY for Interfraternity while he imported. We wonder if BILL went just to keep it in the family or to cut his brother’s throat.
QUEER QUICKS— Early to bed— Early to rise—
TODAY — TOMORROW
Th oldest Goethean literary society in the world, founded at Franklin and Marshall College in 1832, will hold its 3,600th meeting next month.
« C01UM8I4 Picrufif *** UONtt UMH IBWAIO' •BARRYMORE-STEWABT-ARNOID MISCHA AUER . ANN MIUER
— ALSO — “MARCH OF TIME" — and — 'BETTY BOOP, Cartoon
MaiiI
NOW SHOWING DOUBLE FEATURE Wild! Weird! Wonderful! The ape-1 ike creature as big as a battleship...holding in his hand a trembling girl. .. raging through the streets, smashing autos, crashing walls, snatching irplanes from the skyl
PLUS
RKO-RADIO „P I C T U R E wllh FAY WRAY . ROBERT! ARMSTRONG.BRUCE CABOT
These Three Mirthful Maniacs in the Maddest, Craziest Comedy of any Main St. in the U. S. A. You'll Howl with gleel 'THE HIGGINS FAMILY" with JAMES -.LUCIL2 ,T RUSSELL GLEASON
GRIM AND BEAR IT
By Licbty
“There really isn’t a thing wrong with me—he just looked at my tongue and said all it needed was a rest!”
Doesn’t give a guy A chance to get wise. Several Kappas practically collapsed when they discovered JEAN JONES sporting a Sig Ep pin under her gardenias after the Interfraternity Ball Friday night. At the Sig Ep house congratulations were being- tossed to ED ANTONIN!—
but all in vain. Screwball JONES and ED cooked up the whole affair as a joke. What wits!
Lanritz Melchior, Metropolitan Opera Star, has been appointed special lecturer in the education of the handicapped at Teachers College, Columbia University.
Starts TODAY
r’YRORIE POWEff henry Fonda nancy irSttY EANOOIPH SCOTT j WNwaBromfterr POPEYE CARTOON
When a sweet little headache fights a sweet little heartache for a sweet little song from Bing ...who gets that wedding ring? What? That’s what you think!
FRANCISKA GAAL AKIM TAMIROFF SHIRLEY ROSS EDWARD EVERETT HORTON BEN BLUE
"THE WRONG WAY OUT" CRIME DOESN'T PAY SERIES
STARTS TODAY MARSSunday. Pebraary 12.1939
THE PUBDTJE
EXPONEm
T 'v
Swimmers Lose Meet To Indiana, 51-33; purdue Wm-
Graham Wins Two Events For Riveters
Indiana's swimming team, one of tlie best tank squads to inhabit the Hoosier aquacade in recent years, entered the big ten race Friday night by defeating an improved Purdue squad 51-33 in the Bloomington pool.
Although the Hoosiers captured the meet, John Graham, Purdue’s 440 wid 290-yard free style swimmer, managed to tie for top individual scoring honors by collecting ten points, the same amount gathered by Hank Brest, the Hoosier’s leading digit grabber. ^ New'Crimson Record Hank Benedetti, one of the fastest backstroke men in the conference, ^ set a new Indiana University tank record in the 150-yard backstroke, turning in the time of 1:46.2. Wildhack, Boilermaker entry in the fancy diving contests, was the only other Boilermaker besides Graham to grab a first place. i The summaries: 806-yard Medley Relay—Won by Indiana (Visher, Klafs, and Jackush). Time, 8.28. 220-yard Free Style—Won by Graham (P); second, Thomas ll) , third, Siler (P). , Time, 8.29.
60-yard Free Style—^Won by Borst (I); second, Benedetti (I) ; third, Lahey (P). Time, 26 6. 100-yard Free Style—^Won by Borst (IJ; second, Kuehnje (I); third, Ankr (P). Time, 68 8 Diving—Won by Wildhack (P) , second, Feigel (I) , third, Craig (P). 160-yard Backstroke—Won by Benedetti (I) , second, Tredwell (P), third, Viser (I). Time, 1 46 2. 220-yard Breaststroke—^Won by Klafs (I) • second, Carr (P) , third, Glazer (I). Time, 2 43 9 440-yard Free Style—Won by Graham (P) , second, Thomas (I) , third, Siler (P). Time, 6 *29 6. 440-yard Relay—Won by Indiana (Benedetti, Brest, Kuehne, and Jackush) Time, 8 68 2.
85 Couples...
. . danced yesterday aftemon in each of the two Women’s Residence Halls. The dance, celebrating Valentine’s Day, started at 4 and lasted till 7 p. m. Supper was served in both halls.
PERFECTION!!
We believe that you will agree with us when we say we have the best place to eat the best food. The Purdue Coffee Shop 119 Vine Street
4 "
Hair is HIGH* • • colors are VINTAGE and nail enamel is JllELTOHE by REVLON! 0
Step into the new-seaeon fashion picture, right to your finger-tips with jueltone, Revlon’s new bright idea in nail enamel color. One intoxicating shade of cream nail enamel designed to harmonize with important vintage costume colors ... in three subtle gradations of tone to suit all occasions and please aR tastes! jUELTONE-1 is light, delicate; jueltone-2 is medium, more intense; jueltone-3 is dark, dazzling. All are flattering as jewels, go wonderfully with costume jewelry 1 60(il each. lOEB&HENE COMPANY Main Floor
(Continued from page 1)
junior guard Fred Beretta sank four field goals and three fouls to capture scoring honors for the evening. Gene Anderson, captain and center of the Boilermakers, established himself as the best center in the conference by his brilliant deceptive under-the-basket passing and defensive work. First Half Summary After getting off to a slow start with both teams failing to score on I several attempts, Illinois’ Wardley, playing his first intercollegiate game at forward, looped a long one in from the side for the first tally of the game. Anderson matched the score on a fast breaking drive, and Purdue began a fine offensive which placed them in the lead, 9-6, after 8 minutes of play. The mini came back during the next few minutes of play and gradually cut down the Boilermaker lead. Hapac replaced O’Neill and Illinois began a scoring spree which soon placed them in the lead, 13-16. Purdue came back during the closing minutes of the period and with Igney, Beretta, and Anderson scoring in order, recovered their earlier lead and were in front, 19-16, as the gun ended the half. Second Half Summary “Pick” Dehner started at center for the mini but was unable to give his team the necessary scoring punch and with Beretta and Igney taking the lead in the offensive drive, Purdue lengthened their lead 28-22 with nine minutes still left in ,the contest. Anything but beat-
6ig Tan Sfandingt Indiana 6 1 .833 Minnesota . 5 2 .714 Ohio State. .5-2 '.714 Illinois^ . 5 3 .625 PURDUE 3 2 .600 Northwestern . 3 3 .500 Michigan 2 4 .333 Wisconsin 2 5 .286 Iowa 2 6 .250 Chicago 1 5 .167 en, the Illini began a brilliant rally under the leadership of Dehner, and with only four minutes left to play cut the lead to 32 to 27. Fouling under pressure, the Illini lost all hope of overcoming the Boilermaker lead when Fisher sank a one handed loop shot and Igney two charity tosses to put the game on ice. Purdue maintained their lead during the closing minutes of the game and as the final gun sounded were in front, 34-30. Lineup and summary: Purdue (34) B. F. P. Igney, f 3 0 1 Fisher, f v 4 0 3 Herschelman, f 0 0 0 Anderson, c 3 3 3 Beretta, g 4 3 2 Yeager, g 0 0 1 Dickinson, g 0 0 0
Totals Illinois (30) Wardley, f Frank, f Drish, f O’Neill, c Hapac, c-f Dehner, c Handlon, g Sachs, g Totals
14 B. 2 0 3 0 2 2 .1 2
6 F. 0 0 2 0 2 1 1 0
— ANNOUNCING THE OPENING OF NEW RESIDENTIAL OFFICE 460 NORTHWESTERN AVENUE, W. L. 11 A M. TO J2:30 DAILY .7 P M. TO 8 WEDNESDAY Office Hours at 317 Lafayette Life Bldg, 1 P. M to 4 Dally, Except Thursday and Sunday 7 P. M. to 8 Saturday, Sunday and Other Evenings by Appointment G. H. ROMMEL, Physician and Surgeon
HAYS JEWELRY CO. EAST SIDE OF SQUARE FINE JEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
YOUR GLASSES STUDENTS Don't punish your eyes for days waiting for replacement of broken lenses to come from home WHEN We can replace broken lenses without prescription by testing a small piece of broken lense QUICK SERVICE Glasses left before 11 :00 in the morning can be finishecf by 5:30 that evening. Those left before 4:00 in the afternoon can be had by noon of following day GLASSES may be left at either of these addresses LAFAYETTE 434 MAIN ST. WEST LAFAYETTE .... SOUTHWORTH'S GERRY MOHLMAN
Boilermaker Trackmen Meet Hoosiers Tuesday By Seymour Lutzky Purdue track squad will meet a strong Indiana team in a novel dual meet Tuesday, as one of the highlights of the indoor Fieldhouse season. Starting at 7:16, the rapid-fire program will include eleven events in both track and field.
10 p. 3 2 2 1 3 1 1 1
12 6 14
In all the running events, each school will enter the same number of contestants. At the completion of each race, the winner will be awarded one point, second place will garner two points, third place will take three points and as each contestant finishes, he is awarded the number of points equal to his place. Team scores for all the participants will be added up and the team with the lowest total score will be awarded five points for the race. The losing team will receive no credit for their loss. Thus all entries will score for their performance, regardless of their final position, in this test of team strength rather than individuals. The team which wins the most races wins the meet. This same method of scoring is used in cross-country races. Trutt Heads Squad Indiana’s squad, headed by Mel Trutt, star mi^er, will enter many veterans in the track events, but are noticeably weak in the field competitions. Trutt will compete in both the 880 and the mile. He has broken 1:57 in the half and has run the mile in 4:11. Pour veterans in the dashes give Indiana a strong advantage. Jimmy Allen and Beverly Boyle won their track letters last year while Jimmy Clark is a two-year major letter man. Quartermiler entries will be Boyle, veteran Fred Elliott and low hurdler Roy Cochran. Cochran’s fastest time in the quarter is 49.8 seconds. Strong Relay Teams Both Purdue and Indiana have strong two-mile relay teams and that event should be the highlight of the afternoon. Last year’s Indiana squad set a new national collegiate, American and world record of 7:38.1. The record-breaking quartet, composed of Mel Trutt, Sam Miller, Jimmy Smith, and Tommy Deckard will compete in the dual meet. Opposing Riveters will be Art Bodeau, Holderman, Knapp, and Gaulke. Purdue’s track squad is represented in the 440 by Luther, Simmons and Shackleton who will attempt to ward off the attack of Indiana’s veteran trio. Art Bodeau will also enter the 880, in which event he is considered one of the outstanding performers in the country. Purdue’s hurdlers ■will be led by Steve Gutting, who tied the word record in the 60 yard high hurdles Wednesday night. Riveters Strong In Field Boilermaker scoring chances arise in the field events, where Indiana is definitely weak. In the shotput. Coach Phillips is advancing three contenders, Weber, Vergane and Winchell. Wift will high jump against Harris, Indiana Negro sophomore. Harris is a versatile field performer and will compete in the high jump, shot put and pole vault. He puts the shot over 48 feet, high jumps 5 feet, 10 inches and pole vaults over 11 feet. In the pole vault, Horton and Hibbs will vault against Ray King, Indiana junior letterman. Hibbs established a new freshman record last year, while King is capable of pole vaulting over twelve feet. Ted Tycocki will compete in the broad jump and hurdles, it was tentatively announced. Schedule The full schedule of events in the
psddtthiu
ChoioL
By Bruce Witwer
We would like to give honors to Wardley for his game last night for the Illini ... it was his first game at the guard position, bdng a forward shifted over, and on top of that he has a natural handicap of having bad eyesight . . . whmi he was in high school the bank board was just a blnr to him and he shot for the center of it and his eyes have been getting worse and worse every year. —^fc— After the firet 28 minutes of last night’s game with the lead changing sides so fast that it made your head swim we figure that we can stand about anything . . . Beretta proved to be the big sui'pnse and sensation of the evening as he tallied 13 points for high scorer. —fc— After that Purdue made seven points to the Illini three to put the game on ice . . . it looked as if the ice might be a little unstable as the famed Dehner-Hapac combination dropped in five points, but the fates smiled on Purdue and everyone went home happy . . . everyone from Purdue. —^fc— The table tennis exhibition between halves and after the game was one of the best ideas that the athletic department has put into action foi as long as we can remembei . . heie’s for more of it. —fc— It would work to iveryone’s advantage as we see it if the band and the cheer leaders could cooperate Last night one cheei was nipped in the bud as the band started'playing ... as it was, the crowd was only able to give vent to one complete cheer . .. surely there is time enough for both the band and the cheerleaders to get in their bit. —fc— Ineligibilty can lay its tenacious giip on others besides the athletes . ask senior track manager Mackie . . . five of his sophomore assistants slipped up on the 3.5 requirement for activities and dropped by the wayside —fc— Mackie is greying fast worrying about having to go back to work if he doesn’t get some help soon . . . here’s a chance for you activity avid sophomores to get into something ... tomorrow is the time to go over to the Fieldhouse and get started.
track meet will include the 60 yard dash, one mile team race, low and high hurdles, mile relay, two mile team race and two mile relay. In the field events, which will include the pole vault, shot put, high jump, and broad jump, each team will have three participants and the total distance or height attained by the team contestants will be counted in the final scoring. This new method of scoring on the basis of team performance rather than on individual skill was introduced by Purdue coach Hermon Phillips in a meet with Wisconsin and Chicago last year.
(OeaiL Sai^:
Send your best Girl a Valentine of Whitman’s Famous, Delieious Candy in a beautiful heart shaped box. We wrap, pack, and pay postage in the first zone, H. G. "Deac" REISNERT
3taoaL CldsL,
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
%ojticeA,
Sunday, February 12,1939
ki r
Greenly Calls For Adult Guidance At Kiwanis Conference
Giiidance not only for primary and secondary school children, but also for adults, was advocated by Prof. R. J. Greenly of the education department, who spoke at the second annual Indiana Kiwanis Guidance Conference in the Union reception room yesterday. Greenly emphasized particulaily the problems of the adult ^v^thout the advantages of a secondary or college education. Over 60 representatives of guidance units from Kiwanis Clubs all over the state were present. The Indiana practice of holding guidance conferences at a state university, which many other states are now following, was commended in an address by G. B. Newton, Columbus, O. Following anothei address by Clarence Dammon, University director of admissions, the group was divided into smaller sections for panel discussions on various phases of guidance.
^Jlim and
By Georgann Schilling
A special day for romance is about to come around. We mean the much publicized St Valentine’s Day which comes around on Tuesday of the week. Lovers, suitors, and all romantically-minded people are adding to already established customs of fancy greetings, red hearts, candy, and flowers. Don’t forget your lady-love on the 14th; and if you feel that you are not batting so high in her league, a gift in tune with the times will definitely bring youi stock up. We promise it! —H-H— One of our favorite strayed sheep returned to the fold for a short visit this week-end. We mean Tommy Garland, former student and one of last year’s Union vice-presidents. Tommy has been seeing a bit of the woild, especially Hollywood. Tommy hasn’t changed a bit—his humor and clever bits of philosophy still pack the same wallop. Some boy! —H-H— So that you can keep yourself in the know, we don’t advise you burn the midnight oil, but i-ather that you let us touch a match to the approaching social light for you. The Reamer Valentine Dance scheduled for Friday night, the 17th, has been called oif because of the super Jimmy Lunceford Mixer on Saturday night. Also scheduled for that evening, the 18th, are the Theta Chi formal and the Phi Kappa winter formal. This sounds like the night when everybody goes prancin’ and dancin.’ —H-H— And did you know that one-half of the students that enter college each year will not graduate! That certainly solves a lot of our problems. We wondered just what was wrong scholastically. Here it’s those insurmountable statistics that have been working against us. —H-H— We think this Razz edition was an improvement over the former ones this year. Well, anyway it did not carry many pictures! Most of the concentration was on sports in general, cheer leaders especially. Anything for fun seems to be the idea of these Exposer editors. But their humor is a bit distorted in places. Yes?? —H-H— All dressed up in a plaid skirt and saddle shoes, we took in a few minutes of the PIA Tea Dance in the faculty lounge yesterday afternoon Aside from slightly crowded quai ters and a few too many males, this shindig had vim and vitality. We saw Barbara Gibbs, Jim Dean, Axlene Rothenburger, and Ann Slocum among those present. Also noticed Jackie Nicholson, Frances Kimmel, and Bob Brady Dipping the light fantastic with various people. These tea dances are really a fine idea for Saturday afternoon Taxation. They are more successwhen held in the ballroom, though. —H-H— We believe the majority of the eds around here are firm believers in the philosophy that if you love only yourself you have no rivals. So it seems.
Personnel Notes
Gleason Will Give Second Marriage Lecture Today
Company: General Motors Corp., Research Laboratories Division, at Detroit, Mich. Representative: Kenneth Meade, director education and training department. Visiting Purdue: Monday, February 13. Interviewing: Students in upper third of their class to fill the following positions: Two juniors ME’s or EE’s for summer work in laboratory. One junior ChE, or graduate student in physics with background in metallurgy for summer work. Three senior ME’s (automotive) EE’s or Engineering physics interested in product development. One physical chemistry PhD with background in physics, or physics PhD with background in physical chemistry for fuel combustion research. Four engineering seniors interested in manufacturing. Scholarship need not be high. One metallurgical engineer interested in foundry work and manufacturing. One senior in engineering or engineering physics with interest and experience in public speaking for publicity work. ‘ One ME (automotive) interested in insurance adjustment work. Literature: Available in mam offices of schools concerned. Those interested should sign up there for consideration.
Second in his series of thfee lectures on youth and marriage will be given by Rev. Joseph G. Gleason today at the West Lafayette Baptist Church at 6:30 p. m. His subject will be “Who Should You Marry and Where to Find the Right One.” Rev. Gleason will base his talk on scientific research which he has carried on for a number of years.
WBAA
11:00—:
2:002:15-
4:154:45-
MONDAY—
Prof. Robert Phillips, Am-
erican Institutions. Purdue News Flashes. Agricultural Forum.
Sports Review, Dick Shively.
Luncheon Dance Time. ■Jewell Cox, pianist.
■Town Crier.
■Monitor Views the News.
■Story Time.
■Market Reports.
■Magic Carpet.
■National Defense Week Program, Col. Beere. ■Foods, Facts, Fancies. ■Maurine Martin, violinist. ■Concert Review. “How to be Popular.”
■Lyric Strings.
Story Book Hour.
Intramural Schedule
7 007 158 268 40-
Cinema Cues
7 007 158 258 40-
7 008 268 40-
By Betty Wickard
Show: “Jesse James.” Where: Lafayette Theater. When: February 12-15.
7 007 158 258 40-
“B” Basketball (Practice) Court 1 -Ward 1 vs Ward 2 -Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 3. -Cary Hall 2 vs Caiy Hall 4 -Cary Hall 6 vs Cary Hall 7 Court 2 -Ward 3 vs Ward 4 -Cary Hall 6 vs Caly Hall 8 -Caiy Hall 9 vs Cary Hall 10 -Ward 6 vs. Ward 6. Court 3 -Ward 9 vs Ward 10 -Ward 7 vs Ward 8. -Ward 13 vs Ward 14 Court 4 -Waid 11 vs Ward 12 -Ward 7X vs Ward lOX -Ward 15 vs Ward 2X. -Waid IX vs Ward IIX. “A” Basketball Court 3 -Ward 6 vs Caiy Hall 10
Two bold bad men come riding out of the west straight into your hearts in this story of the James boys and their fight against the Union Pacific railroad. Tyrone Power captures the ladies as a stirring, romantic Jesse, while Henry Fonda is cast in one of his most charming roles to date as the laconic, drawling, blue-eyed Frank. Technicolor brings us scenes of natural beauty actually filmed in Missouri in the native habitats of the James boys. One of the most beautiful scenes is the woodland refuge of Frank and Jesse when they are being sought by the railroad authorities. As the story is filmed, we feel nothing but sympathy for these outlaws, made bitter by the brutal attacks on their mother. Their tiain hold-ups, bank robberies and flights from justice are minutely portrayed, using Missourians as extras. Nancy Kelly as Zee, Jesse’s wife, has an opportunity to do some good acting, but by the end of the picture
Dr. Rice(Continued from page 1)
Life,” “How Life Goes On and On,” “The Age of Romance,” and “Venereal Diseases,” have sold in the hundreds of thousands. ’ Of the large number of speakers heard recently at the Indiana Christian Student Conference near Indianapolis, Dr. Rice received 95 per cent of the votes for the most effective speaker. “One of the best men . . . we’ve had him for marital lectures for the last 6 or 7 years ... I recommend him highly without reservation,” stated Assistant to the President F. C. Hockema, last night.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all wa do, but we do It well. Opposite Poet Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
• Locksmith
• Professional
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATE SHARPENING Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—D.D.S. HAROLD J. RISK—D.D.S. LUTHER A. RISK—D.D.S. — Schultz Building dh and Main Pnona 5701
• Printing
• Shoe Repair
r^RINTING Office SUtlonwy . . D I Weddlas Invlbtlont PHONI " falM Book.,Etc.... 2628 CASSEL'S 408tERRy
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARISITY BOOT SHOP
Lincoln-
(Continued from page 1)
several minutes until it was hooked onto the train taking it to Chicago, Such is the history of Abraham Lincoln in Lafayette.
WAA Modem Dance: Practice for modern dance Monday, February IS, at 4 p. m. in the gym.
and the second time when he returned to Illinois for the final time. 13 Gun Salute
SAE Eleds Hew Officers; Conron Hamed Chairman
—KNIGHT. WAA Basketball: Practice for all members of basketball squad at 4 p. m. Tuesday, February 14, in the gym. —REIMAN.
Greeted by a 13-gun salute fired by “Old Tippecanoe,” a brass cannon, Lincoln arrived at Lafayette Junction at 2:30 p. m. February 1, 1861, exactly 78 years ago yesterday. Although Lafayette had a population of only 5,000, a crowd of 2,000 gathered at the Junction, a mile and a quarter south of Lafayette, to hear Lincoln deliver a short talk.
Society of Automotive Engineers elected new officers Finday afternoon. New officials are T. W. Conron, chairman; D. W. Herr, vicechairman of meetings; F. G. Dougherty, vice-chairman of membership; S. G. Luther, secretary-treasurer. SAE will make plans for second semester at their meeting at 4 p.m. Thursday in room 3 of the Mechanical Engineering Building.
WAA Members: All girls may pay WAA dues in the WAA office any night next week at 4 p. m. They may also get applications for the WAA Council next Saturday, February 18. Girls who have paid their dues may receive a constitution at any time. WAA membership list will be posted Monday, February 18—girls will please check their names. —MERRITT.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held Tuesday, February 14, at 7 :80 p. m. in room C of the Union. —MACK.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, February 14, at 7 :80 p. m. in room 254, EE Building. —BROWN.
Reamer Club: Important meeting Monday, February 18, in room F of the Union Building at 8 p. m. —JACKS.
Lafayette had asked, when preparations for Lincoln’s journey to the White House were being formulated for time to hold a parade, have Mr. Lincoln speak from the balcony of the Bramble House, Lafayette’s finest hotel at the time, and “have a plate of soup.” When the schedule was published, Lafayette Junction was given a 10-minute stop, from 2:30 to 2:40 p. m., and the schedule was adhered to.
Zouaves: There will be a meeting of all members of the Zouave Squad who wish to participate in the drill this semester, Monday, February 13, in the Armory at 4
-HURST,
Pi Tau Sigma: Meeting Tuesday, February 14, at 7:30 p. m. in room 101 of Michael Golden Shops. Motion pictures will be shown. All members are urged to attend. —HARVEY.
MISCELLANEOUS
By invitation William F. Reynolds, Joseph Hanna, Judge Ball, James P. Luse, editor of the Courier, and William Lingle, editor of the Journal, accompanied the party to Indianapolis. There Lincoln celebrated his 52nd birthday the next day with several speeches and an endless reception. His Last Visit In contrast to this joyous and happy journey was his second stop in Lafayette at 3:45 a. m. on April 31, 1865, witnessed only by workmen in the train yards. Draped in somber black, the car containing Lincoln’s body waited in the yards
TYPEWRITERS—^All make*, standard and iiortable, leld, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Etenkaff, 606 Main street.
WAA Badminton: Tournament entries are posted on bulletin board in women’s gym. First round must be played off by Friday, February 17. —FISHLEIGH.
STUDY COMMERCIAL ART at the MidWest School of Commercial Art. Night classes, Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Professional instruction. 645% Main St.
Purdue Flying Club: Members who are not present at the meeting of Thursday, February 16, at 7:30 p. m. in room C of the Union, and who have not paid their dues to date will be placed on the inactive list. —CHEVEDDEN.'
ROOMS FOR RENT
Ag Chem Club: Members who have not paid their dues or money for the picture please call me at 51551 immediately. (2-14) —YALOWrrZ.
DOUBLE ROOM for rent one block from campus. 201 Vine St. Phone 81911.
Notices
Activities Bureau Sophomores: Any sophomore whether listed in the new committees or not, having questions concerning new assignments see me at once. (2-13) -JACOBSON.
Gimlet: Dinner meeting at the Sigma Alpha Epsilon house Tuesday, February 14, at 5:45 p. m. All members are request^ to be present. —SWAN.
WAA Fencing: All girls out for fencing are to report for practice Tuesday, February 14, at the gym —SWIFT
Registration Workers: Students who worked for the Registrar during the second semester registration and turned in their time promptly, may get their checks by calling at the Registrar’s office. (2-15) —STONE.
Campus Comments
Clean and Nieely-Pressed Garments
Plionc
Add ‘‘Distinction” to anyone’s personality. I like mine done the Amer-ican-Way; then I always look my best.”
West Side Office — 132 Vine Street
we were rather indifferent to her widening eyes, the twisting of her rather unattractive mouth and the breathing of “Oh, Jesse!”
You Can Be HER Valentine
That "glamour girl" of yours—whether she's wife, sweetheart, or mother—will be thrilled at your thoughtfulness in sending her favorite flowers on Valentine's Day, Tuesday, February 14th. If SHE lives in another city let us telegraph a floral valentine to HER.
^loioL Qo.
Phone 5432
527 Main