One lUUed; Five Students Injured In Auto Crash
vPurdue
Exponent
\ Volmne 52, No. 18
^ Sunday, Sepfexober 29, 1940
Riveters Beat Butler Cord Waek Ends
Boilermakers Turn Back Seniors B.lldo„WithS.o«,2M
• By JOE DOLAN (Exponent Sports Editor) A group of colts, representing football at Purdue for ’40, but heretofore held in the back-pasture of freshman and reserve service, were turned loose yesterday afternoon in Eoss-Ade Stadium for an hour of racing against Butler University’s gridders, and proving the old theory that inexperienced horses run wild, this young group of Boilermakers definitely turned on the steam, rolling up four ^touchdowns and four conversions to give Purdue a 28 to 0 victory and the first scoring machine that Purdue has possessed in more than a decade.
Not since the 1929 and 1930 teams performed here at Purdue has such a running attack been exhibited by a Gold and Black squad, and it was a squad victory. Great Power Displayed Not since the days of Pest Welch, Roy Hortsman, and Jim Purvis, has such power in a running attack been shewed by Purdue backs. John Petty scored the first touchdown of the game after six minutes had elapsed in the first quarter from the 11-yard line after being apparently stopped at the line-of-scrimmage. Burto, a soph halfback, who hasn’t scrimmaged more than twice since the season of practice started, shot through the middle of the Bulldog line for the second marker of the game in the second quarter. Root’n Buffington ^ Bill Buffington, soph fullback, displayed the ancient and almost lost art of driving like a bull and tossing tacklers around with one’s head when he scored Purdue’s third six points of the afternoon. With the ball on the Butler 2-yard line, Mr. Buffington, of the Peru Buffingtons, removed a Butler tackier linq-backer in much the same fashion as would a locomotive create a disaster wil^j, its cow-catcher.
Via Air Mail ^ The last touchdown to give the score board a twist was scored by Purdue’s “Rasputin of the Gridiron,” Marion “Red” Carter, and maybe we could title him, “Marion the Red” but anyway the manner that this flaming red-head ran, twisted, whirled, hurtled, drove, spun and reversed his field, had the 17,000 spectators agast with a atigmatism of both pupils. His touchdown via a 16-foot broad jump over the Butler secondary culminated his performance of running up and down and sideways on the Stadium turf. With the ball resting on the Butler 6-yard line and with goal to go and a reserve line, blocking like demons in front of him, the “Carter Express” headed for pay-dirt by way of right end. Can’t Run—So Jump As Carter started on his touchdown jaunt, the horizon appeared somewhat gloomy, but this felloAV Carter has a wonderful accelerator and he left the linemen in his wake, cutting sharply for the goal line after a wide circle of right end. At the goal line, Carter was met by three youths from Indianai)olis bent on diverting Carter’s onward rush; they were still bent in waiting after Carter’s feet had found scoring territory via the atmosphere. Galvin Redeems $elf But the performance of the above mentioned scoring men wasn’t the / only exhibition of offensive football displayed out there on the old Pur(Continued on page 3)
Freshman Petillions For Jobs On WSGA
Board Due Tuesday
Petitions of freshmen women who plan to run for freshman represen-
tative on the executive board of
WSGA must be in the office of that organization before noon Tuesday, according to Paula Zweirlein, presi- ’ dent of the board. The petitions must be drawn up in this style: “We the undersigned do hereby nominate for the position of freshman representative on the WSGA Executive Board for the coming semester.” They must be signed by 25 freshmen co-eds who are enrolled in the same school as the candidate. On Wednesday there will be a mass meeting of all freshmen women in the Union. The election will be held the following day, Thursday. Passports must be presented in order to vote, j.f.a.
Activities Will Discuss
Co-ordination Of Aims
In an effort to obtain closer campus coordination between the various activities and to eliminate overlapping of aims and responsibilities a meeting will be held Wednesday evening at 7 o’clock at which one member from each Campus activity will be present. Place of the meeting is, as yet, unannounced. Each activity will outline briefly its own program and purposes to furnish a perspective for the representatives present, after which an open discussion^will be held for the purpose of “streamlining” the existing relations by elimination of unnecessary functions and the adoption of new ideas and improvements.
Bill Martin Plays At First Union After-Game Dance Over eighteen hundred students and alumni danced to the music of Bill Martin and his orchestra yesterday afternoon at the first of the after-game tea dances ^f the season to be presented by the Union. Men outnumbered co-eds three to one. e.w.n.
By Ed Kieper Nearly twelve hundred seniors rode, walked, or danced their way from the Armory to Eoss-Ade Stadium in yesi:erday’s Senior Cord Parade. Although Skull and Crescent, sophomore Activities honorary, took an accurate count of the attendance, the results of the competition for the G. A. Young Trophy will not be made public until it appears in Tuesday or Wednesday’s Exponent. The cord parade or what appeared to be thousands of black derbies floating on a sea of yellow cords swept up University street and into Ross-Ade Stadium. This cord parade is the first occasion on which the class of ’41 can strut their stuff before the eyes of the jealous underclassmen, especially the class of ’44. Mascot Leads' The “Boilermaker Special,” the University mascot, escorted by a troupe of Gold Peppers, led the “tidal wave” of noise making seniors. Close behind the “Special” came the black-feathered, corduroy-pot-ted home economics led by the only male member of this year’s home economics class, the great chef, Harold Hawes. Following the home economics came the pride of the agriculture school accompanying a large “corn” still. The log-hauling foresters followed close behind the still. As is quite appropriate, the pill rollers, the pharmacy seniors,^ followed in the wake of the rolling distillery. Joes Ride The joes of the Science School Country Club rode the short distance from the Armory to the Stadium in bright colored convertibles, The chemicals led the engineers. Right after the chemicals came the University’s “blessed event,” tho metalurgicals. The metalurgicals were proud of the fact that this year’s class is the first to finish the entire four-year course, and made a humorous attempt to depict themselves as babes. Following the “blessed event” came the EE’s aboard a modernized version of the “Toonerville Trolley,” the “Moan-On,” enroute to “Purdue (Airport) Only.” The few but mighty public service engineers (Continued on page 2)
It's Bite By Bite From Crust
To Crust At The Union Friday
By J. C. Willsey
“Crust to crust” will be the uppermost thought in 12 pledges’ minds Friday afternoon as they battle on the steps of the Union in the annual pie-eating contest between Pi Kappa Alpha and Pi Kappa Phi.
Six men from each house will line up at the corner of State and Grant streets and race to the front of the Union where they will each consume one ^ie without using their hands. As each finished his pie he will race back to the corner of Grant and State. The event will be scored on a team basis. The first man to get back to the comer will receive one point, the second one two points and so forth. The team which finishes with the lowest score will be declared the winner.
This will beAhe fifth year that the contest has been held, with the.
Frances Robinson Dies, John Cantonwine Hurt In Collision
Frances M. Eobinson, 20, HE ’42, of Battleground, was killed out-right in a two-car headon collision yesterday afternoon at 6 o’clock “one and one-half miles northwest of Lafayette on
Morehouse Boad,” according to local state police.
One other occupant of the student-filled car, John Canton-
wine, Ag ’42, of Greencastle, was seriously injured, being still unconscious last night at 11 o’clock in the Home Hospital.
. Other students involved in tho
2,500 Attend Swing Session Featuring Will Osborne's Band
Football spirit, the post-gamp sort, reigned supreme late yesterday afternoon as twenty-five hundred students, alumni and townspeople heard Will Osborne and his band swing out in the second of the series, of prior-mixer Union swing sessions. Following the swing session, Osborne played for the annual “Senior Cord Dance” in both ballrooms of the Union. e.w.n.
Willkie Tops Straw Vote; Thomas 2nd
Soph Photographers Will Meet Tomorrow
Sophomores interested in photography are invited to attend the first meeting of the Debris photography staff at 4 o’clock tomorrow afternoon in room 302 of the Union. Previous experience in photography is not essential, but will be an advantage. This year promises to be the most successful year in the history of the Debris, according to the yearbook’s editors, as last year’s additions to the Union made possible two more darkrooms, and the extra working space makes it possible to use a much larger staff, e.g.k
Wendell L. Willkie, Eepublican nohiinee for president, won the Exponent presidential poll, which closed last night, with a total of 743 votes. Norman Thomas, Socialist, in a surprise surge took second place from Franklin D. Eoosevelt with 246 ballots, while University students cast 212 votes for the President. j Reasons For Willkie Votes Results from the poll showed that students favoring Willkie, who led*
the second-place Thomas by a mar-
Bureau Has.Complete Activity Information
Tile Activities Bureau, governing group of student activities, will offer copies of the constitutions, including meeting places, officers and entrance rules, of “nearly all” activities on campus to all interested persons, Betty Graham, head of the interviewing committee of the bureau, said yesterday. This service, however, will be contained within the Activities Bureau office. Miss Graham said, as “things are not quite in final form.” The Activities Bureau office is in the west wing, third |loor of the Union, and “any information concerning activities can be obtained by coming to the Activities Bureau office.” j.a.p. I
Pi K A’s striving to tie the score at two all. The first year that the contest was held it was judged a tie when all of the contestants became sick. The second year the Pi K A’s copped the honors, but for the last two years the Pi Kappa Phi pledges have come back with the “pie.” A bar inscribed! with the winners’ name will be added to the chain that hangs below the trophy, a cop-per-plated pie tin with the Greek letter “pi” painted on it. The winning fraternity has the privilege of keeping the trophy until the next contest. WBAA will carry a running ♦‘bite by bite” account of the contest direct from the scene of action. Baseball may be America’s national sport and hockey the world’s fastest game, but for my sport, give me a good ol’ pie gobbling team and a row of nice juicy pies.
MusiC|Room Displays Art Students' Work
gin of three i^o one, chose him because he was “a business man and would do a better job than an impractical idealist.” Forty-three per cent of those who selected the Republican candi^te checked this reason on the ballot; 24 per cent wanted “anybody but Roosevelt,” and 33 per cent thought that there should be “no third term for any man.” On the Roosevelt ballots, the reasons given were divided between “Roosevelt has more experience in foreign affairs, and will not appease the dictators” and “Approve of the New Deal and do not want to see it compromised.” Write On Ballots Students voting for Norman Thomas wrote on their ballots such reasons as “Thomas has the right idea,” “Roosevelt will take too much power,” and “Socialism is what this country needs.” Final tabulation of the poll also showed that one out of every six students had different party affiliations than his parents. This poll has been run for the past week in an attempt to obtain a cross-section of campus opinion on the coming presidential election, and according to Robert W. Donahue, editor-in-chief of the Exponent, the paper will conduct more polls in the future on questibns that affect University students, n.a.o.
in
crash were Margaret Young, Sc '41, of West Lafayette; Franklin Dunwoody, Ag ’42, of Lafayette; Helen l'. Albright, HE ’42, of Lafayette; and Gordon Kerkhoff, Ag ’42, of Lafayette. Occupants of the other car were Ernest Ewing, 39, of Kokomo, and Russel Norris, 39, of Kokomo, neither of whom were seriously injured, but received treatment, the state police said. According to the Home Hospital, Miss Young was believed to be only bruised severely, and Dunwoody “will be dismissed tomorrow.” At the St. Elizabeth Hospital, where two of the victims were received, Miss Albright was reported conscious and not “seriously injured,” while Kerkhoff had already been dismissed. > Clarence Robinson, father of Miss Robinson, is a farmer near Brookston, and said that his daughter was on the way to Betty Morehouse’s home for a picnic. Miss Robinson was president of the Novadale, girls’ co-op house, on campus, and her home economics option was teaching. j.a.p.
'Labor And Conscription' . . . will be the theme of the discussion sponsored by the education committee of the Central Labor Union Monday evening at 7:45 o’clock. Dr. T. K. Noss, *of the department of education and applied psychology, will be discussion leader. All students are invited to the meeting, which will be held in the ballroom on the third floor of the Labor Temple, northeast comer of Foiffth and Columbia streets.
The Night* Editor's Corner
Now brightening the walls of the Music room in the Union is the current art exhibit displaying the work of the students of \the ■■school of the Chicago Art Institute. The exhibit includes a number of designs for interiors, stained glass windows, textiles, clothes, magazines and advertisements. Other paintings are designs of watercolor and oil paintings, lithographs, etchings and block prints. The Chicago Art Institute, where this work was done, has the largest art school in the country.! The exhibit will continue until Friday, when an exhibit of the prints of Rockwell Kent moves into the room. t.b.n.
University Riders Entering Round-Up
This afternoon the Purdue Riding club win vie for honors at the annual ^Indiana Saddle Horse RoundUp in Indianapolis. The riding cliib has fentered thirteen riders who will compete in the following classes: three gaited class, musical chair, pony express, and the grand parade. The following students will represent the club at Indianapolis: Jack Tirpak, Buck Jones, Wayne Brown, Ken Mather, Jack Hepburn, Jerry Buhrke, Wilma Bear, Mary Lou Tracy, Romona Rush, Reva Richmond, Doris Savage, and Ronnie MePharson.
Days Will Come And . . . days will go, but deliver iia from one like this. Puttin’ out a paper on an ordinary day is a tough enough job, but on a “football Satdee” it’s extra special work. We want, and do, go to the game, and so does the Saturday staff, and when we wandm: back to the office for work after the game we usually find that our staff has fiiowni the coop. After aU, you can’t expect everyone to be queer and want to work on Saturday night. Nice game, this afternoon. But that Ohio State swamping of Pitt has us worried. They must have a powerhouse. Please note that “NEC” has a new column head this morning. The reading public got weary of the “Stetson hat ad,” and so we Install a real ‘flight ed’* at work* (And he looks just Uke us). Keep the home fibres burning, and start worrying about the outline of next Saturday’s game with Ohio State. Poor Butlert j.a.p.
HH■:ii
^ "i.
Jiiiiiilllli
# ilHi
PtIBDUE EXPQNENt
•iimm
Siiild^ty, Sdt>tdmber 29, 1940
\ \.
£L&, Jhn, £dijbA, dt..
One Down, Two To Go
Well, it’s morning again and as we take inventory we find that yesterday was one of those perfect days from the standpoint of students, particularly seniors. Fine weather, a grand parade, a football victory and a swell dance for the senior mixer. All this and heaven, too, is just the way we feel about it. We’ll let the weather man alone with just a plain “Thank You.” He’s a very touchy person in the region of Lafayette*, as the newcomers to the campus will find shortly. But yesterday he outdid himself. All kidding aside, though, Indiana can really turn out some beautiful early fall days when occasion demands. Each year the parade has become larger and better and this year was no exception. The new mascot, the “Boilermaker Special,” does a lot to co-ordinate Purdue’s past with the everadvancing present. The hats worn by the senior co-eds added quite a bit of color to the parade.'And then there were the public service engineers who both led and finished the parade. We shall raise our voice in protest, however, if they claim 200% on that basis. Just to keep the ball rolling, the football team came through in fine style by keeping the seniors waiting only six minutes before they scored the first touchdown. And to further oblige the spectators they scored one more touchdown in each quar-\ ter. What more could be asked ? Long passes missed by inches, hard tackling, kicking the ball out of bounds continually within the 10-yard line and fast broken-field running, all were included in the show. We don’t want to forget the band, either. They warned us that they had some new and different formations and they didn’t disappoint us. They were magnificent both in the new formations and the new tunes. We only hope that the students will get behind the movement now on foot to send them to Fordham. It will take a lot of student co-operation. And we can’t forget last night’s mixer with the music furnished by Will Osborne. Whatta band! What we would like to know is “Where was Osborne when they held the Junior Prom ?” That man has a sense of humor that college students love to touch. And so it’s morning aghin. And we have to get down to work. But there will be two more game week-ends this fall and this is only a warm-up, because as they say in Brooklyn, “You ain’t seen nuthin’ yet!” if you haven’t seen Homecoming and the Indiana game. Wait and see, it’s true 1 '
GRIK AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
(Continued from page 1)
And here’s the 'fellow who returned to harness yesterday up in' the Stadium to assist in keeping Butler’s offensive strength out of Purdue territory throughout the afternoon. He’s Pete Timperman, instructors calling him Herman, and he’s one of these 200-^ound men '\^ho whizz by 100 yards of cinders at 10.2". Pete was out of action last season after a short visit in the Notre Dame field, but he certainly played a great blocking game against Butler yesterday.
Notices
Ma BoUcta racelvad attM I p. m.
All Lutheran Students: Lutheran Student’s club is having an outing on Sunday, September 29. All Lutheran students are welcome. Meet in front of Fowler Hall at 1:30 p. m. If you have a car to assist, in transportation, please call 5764. —MAROZICK.
Freshman Association: Meeting Monday, September 30, at 4:16 p. m. in room 304 of the Union. —JONES.
Lutheran Students: The first Sunday evening Vespers meeting of the L. S. A. will be held Sunday evening at 6 p. m. at the home of Pastor H. C. Stolldorf, 626 N. Ninth St., Lafayette. The meeting will consist of a lunch followed by an informal fire side discussion program. All Lutheran students are cordially Invited to attend. —MEZOFF.
The War Today
By John L, Traugott
Student Credit Union: Business: will be done through Rev. W. McFadden during next week. :■ —BELCHER.
As Marshal Henri Petain's Vichy ... government, operating from a suite of resort hotel rooms, decrepitly proceeded with the struggle to exist, Japanese troops early last week marched into one of the last of the Allied strongholds in the Far East-—French Indo-China. , Indo-China, vital as a source of '' -
All Men: All men Interested in varsity or freshman swimming are invited to attend the Dolphin swimming reception, Tuesday, Oct. 1, at 7:30 p. na., in the east faculty lounge of the Union. / —HERR.
Regristration Workers: Students who worked for the Registrar during the first semester registration and turned in their time promptly, may get their check by calling at the Registrar’s office. —STONE.
PA Systems: Open bid for P. A. system for PIA tea dances. Information at the PIA office in’ the Union. —ELDER.
supplies to the embattled Chinese since th6 British closed the Burma Road, lies to the south of China and 750 miles from America’s Far Eastern outpost in the Philippines. The attack followed a breakdown in Japanese-French negotiations. After the invasion the Indo-China government at Honoi immediately announced a four point agreement with Japan’s Gen. Nishihar^.
If there had been . . . any doubts as to the unreliability of the Japan “settlement,” were dispelled the next day as the Mikado’s troOps promptly ignored the agreement, attacking French garrisons inside the Indo-China border..' , Franklin Roosevelt Franklin Roosevelt iii Washington stepped* into the struggle at that point -with the biggest news of the week: the United States would permit no exports after October 16 of scrap iron and steel to any country outside the Western Hemisphere, with the exception of Great Britain. The day preceding announcement of the iron embargo, the im-port-export bank made public the fact that the Nanking government had received a 26 million dollar loan j. to stabilize Chinese currency.
tive attempt early last week to take over the French West Africa colony. British warships shelled the city of Dakar on the orders of DeGaulle after Governor General Pierre Boisson refused the “free French” order to surrender. De Gaulle had overestimated his support in the colony, and after several days of a bloody battle at Dakar, the British were forced to withdraw. The official announcement in London stated that His Majesty’s forces had withdrawn to prevent further shedding of Frepch blood, and hinted fhat De Gaulle might lose his post. Whatever the reason, it was a severe blow to British prestige in the other French colonies.
Camera Club: Darkrooms will be closed at 6 p. m., Tuesday, Oct. 1, for at least four
The king of Greaf . .. Britain, only a year ago monarch of the world’s mightiest nation, last week addressed his countrymen by radio from a underground shelter beneath bomb-scar-red Buckingham palace. It was a message of hope for a nation that
The fotalifarian ... world front of Japan, Italy, and Germany, already united by an anti-comitern pact, made it official with an announcement from Berlin Friday of a mutual assistance military pact aimed quite frankly at the United States. The treaty welded the bloc for a period of years while in the words of the pact, “a new order in Greater East Asia ... and the establishment of a new order in Europe” was being established. As usual Russia was the enigma.
Ilia fiasco . , . recalling other British blunders since the outbreak of the war, General Charles De Gaulle, “leader of' the free French,” led an abor-
- TODAY - MONDAY — A Fortune. ..Par A Kiss!
— WITH — WARREN WILLIAMS ^ _ JOAN PERRY — AND — 'HONEYMOON IN BALT — WITH — FRED MacMURRAY MADELINE CARROLL — ALSO— WALT DISNEY CARTOON
TODAY - MON.—2 HITS
Plus .
with Anita LOUISl Roger PR YOF June MacCLOl Original ?creen play by John BrigI . 2nd Feature ... •.
THf fUllIZlR PRIZE PlAY BY THORNTON WILDER
WILLIAM HOLDEN
MARTHA StOTT
FAYBAINTER BEULAH BONDI THOMAS MITCHELL GUY KIBBEE STUART ERWIN FRANK CRAVEN
showed their public spiritness by welcoming the class to the WPA • when they graduate. The Best This year’s parade was by far superior to any. By the way, we almost forgot G. A.'s boys. There were quite a few of them present, at least 115% of them. It Was self evident that the class of ’44 does not have the organization of the preceding classes. Many mustaches that never felt the earless of a freshman’s razor were at the game. One had to look far to find cords decorated with large red, green or black ’44’s or the TKB of good old Tappa Kegga Beer fraternity or what-have-you.
days to permit repairs. All club members who have locks on lockers must sign up again in book at West Desk; New lockers will be placdd in Room 36 before Sunday evening. Ix,cks will be cut Tuesday on those lockers whose lessees have neglected to indicate their lockers in the book. --ARCHIBALD.
'V' .
Reamers: Very important meeting Monday, September 30, at 7 p. m. in the west faculty lounge of the Union. New Members will be voted upon. —BOHLIN.
Cleveland Purdue Club: First meeting of the year to be held Tuesday, October 1, at 8 p. m., in room 866 of the Union. . —STEVENS.
AH Students: Any students interested in doing art work for the 1941 Debris see Jean Jones in the Debris office on Monday, Tuesday, or Wednesday, September 30, October 1, October 2, at 4 p. m. —JONES.
Purdue Women’s Club: Two Splash hours in the Women’s gym on Tuesday, October 1, and Thursday, October 3, at 10 a. m. Each person must bring a doctor’s permit, her own cap, arid tem cents. Regular sTwimming classes will -begin . Tuesday, October 16. Mrs. K. W. Crain is in charge , of the, swimming group this year. —SMITH.
Tau Beta Pi: Meeting Wednesday, October 2 at 4 p. m. in room 303 of the Union. —MONTGOMERY.
Debris Photog Staff: Meeting in room 302 of the Union Monday, September 30 at 4 p. m. —WHITE.
Sophomore. Union Workers: Fellowing members of Tea and Reception Congmittee please meet in Union office Monday, September 30, at 4 p. m.: Gossett, Hardin, Darrow, Jackson, Lind, Scarff, McCauley, Eaping. Reeves, Gleason, Hudson, and- van Gorkom. —SCHAUPP, BRANDT.
Modern Dance: There will be a meeting of all dancers on Monday, September 30, at 4 p. m., in the Women’s gym. —SWOPE.
Purdue Players: Petitions for technical staff heads for “Susan and God” will be accepted at the Playshop office until 3 pi m. Monday, September 30. This includes art, costumes, properties, make-up, and electricians. —KECK.
WSGA Office Committee: The work schedule is posted in the office. Please check
was undergoing daily 24 hour raids by Hermann Gbering’s luftwaffe. The Royal Air Force fighters daily accounted for tens of TSTazi aircraft and carried the fight to the Germans in raids on Berlin and Ger-man-held invasion points along the i northern Europiean coast.
NOT TOO LATE TO ENROLL IN OUR DANCING CLASSES
Beginners', Wed., Oct. 2nd Advanced Thurs.^ Oct. 3rd
Study Under a Nationally-Known Instructor
Indiana's Largest Dancing School ALLEN’S 6TH & PERRY
NOW PLAYING
There was a shy fellow named James Who knew nothing at all about dames Till he met a Miss Russelli
...And after a tussle...
He Jearned about women... (he doimsf )
Genevieve Tobin • Charlie Ruggies
Allyn JOSLYN ■ Clarence KOLB • Louise BEAVERS
“But darling—why do I need a cook book when all the directions are on the can ?”
the times when you work. If you failed to attend the first meeting and your name is not on the list please come to the office any day this week after 4 p. m. —STIERS.
Student Counselors: Correction of September 23, 1940 notice — All student counselors for men are to turn in their freshman Activities Bureau interview cards 'to the personnel office as soon as interviews are completed. Counselors of men are to turn in their other interview forms to the faculty advisor with whom they work as soon as they can. —JOHNSON.
Classified
FOR SALE
Scriveners: Meeting Sunday, September 29, at 7:30 p. m., in room 308 of the Union. Bring manuscripts. —RIEGLE.
TypewHtem Mid addiiur laachlnw, new and need, for oale, rent and. rqmired. All makea of portable tTiDe-writen. ^9.76 to 969.S0. Office BuppUea. Mimeograph and mnltigraph vvork. C. F. Bbenhoff, 606 Main St. Pfadne 2779. —da
Rnaa-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all oc-, casions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone, 2407.
Exponent Co-ed Sophomores: There will be a meeting Tuesday, October 1, at 4 p. m. in the Exponent office. Plans will be made for a co-ed edition. —SIMPSON.
Single room. First floor, warm, quiet. Reduced rates. 410 Maple. Phone 35683.
PIA Board: This week’s board meeting will be held Monday, September 30, at 7 :16 p. m. in the PIA office in the Union. Important. —MUSSER.
Wanted: Student laundry -work guaranteed. Prices reasonable. Phone 66611.
For lient: Room in new insulated brick home. Gas heat, tiled shower, private entrance. Phone 2143.
The year’s slap-happiest, scrap-happiesf comedy of young love!
Starts TODAY unmisTiiE
a
NEW AIN
STARTS TODAY — DOUBLE feature
TOGETHER FOR THE FIRST THRILLING TIME
-PLUS-
Thomas Rita Richard MITCHELL HAYWORTH • BARTHELMESS A HOWARD HAWKS PRODUCTION
THE MOST LOVABLE FAMILY THAT EVER STOLE YOUR HEART AWAY!
BASED UPON
YOUN6*S FAMQUS COMIC STBIP
x
T.!
V
r
)■!
>■ i
Xl '■ i
r
t 1 i
m/
■: ,v: • ’ ^ [ rl>
Stinday> Soptembor 29, 1940
PURDUE EXPONENT
I ■
Rivefers Beat Butler Terrific Tatkier Buckeyes Trample
Pitt To Open Season
(Continued from page 1)
due battlefield yesterday. John Galvin, last season a dismal flop following a much publicized high school career, was brilliant in his running and passing altack. Galvin was responsible for 31 of the 66. yards covered during the first Riveter touchdo\^ march. He carried the ball three times for 16 yards and tossed a 16-yard pass to the flsdng Byelene for 15 yards. His two 46-yard heaves intended for the courageous Dave Rankin were all but at the leaping end's head. Good Old Mike And then there was old dependable M|£:e Byelene, never in a better performance. His first return of a punt was of 33 yards and with such speed that he was among and through the advance guard of Bulldogs before the poor fellows realized that the ball had descended and was on the way back. Four times, the little fellow was through the Butler defense and headed for pay-dirt when a frantic enemy hand tripped hiuH,. Duck-Waddle Andy Sophomore Anderson, who runs like a duck, but with a little more speed, pulled down some commendable yardage, as did Cook, another sophomore, and Gantz. Blocking backs. Kersey, Cary, Schneider, and Smerke, knocked the Butler blue all over the horizontal ppsitions 'one could imagine. In the line, the play was so distributed that it is almost an impossibility to pick the standouts. In the middle, Ted-Axton, Jack Winchell and Jim Miller were brilliant to watch, as they stopped Butler thrust after thrust. Rankin Injured—But Tough Captain David Rankin turned in a magnificent performance in spite of an injured left ankle that caused him no end of pain. Three times Rankin brought the crowd to its feet with that old “almost but not quite" grab at Galvin’s distant passes.
Always known for his defensive strength, Ted Aston displayed the reason for his popularity in the Butler fracas yesterday with some great line-backing. Ted ^plays about two yards behind the line of scrimmage, and his ability to diagnose enemiy plays enables him to smash through and dump ball carriers at the line of scrimmage after the Purdue forward wall has disillusioned the interference. But in the third quarter, the AllAmerican end caught two low-line passes from Brock and Byelene, smashing like a fullback after both catches for added yardage. Right End? At the other departments Jim Rush, junior end, made a remarkable recovery of Hal Schumacher’s sky-riding punt of 60 yards to give the Bulldogs the leather on its onefoot line. Combs, McCaffery, Sprowl, Shim-, er, and Tykocki all played well at the flank positions, leaving the right end post just as wide-open as it was in August. Play By Play Now for a short recapitulation: Purdue’s initial score came after a 66-yard march, fifteen plays being required to negotiate the distance and Petty scoring and Galvin converting with a left foot. The derbies went aloft.
/
k<c=
M.
A
The Union Cafeteria makes a specialty of delicious supper dishes for Sunday evenings. It’s just like a grand supper party to choose from tl^ tempting display of tasty hot entrees, marvelous salads, hot breads, relishes and fine deserts in the Cafeteria. The Cafeteria is indeed the place to enjoy a meal of your own selection as a happy climax to this day of rest and leisure.
fiiOfduSL Tnsmij^daL lAniofL The Comer of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Ohio State, the Western conference champions of the 1939-’4'0 football season, swept through the powerful Pitt line yesterday afternoon to defeat that highly rated team by the one-sided score of 30 to 7. Ohio broke through for three touchdovvns in the third period, after being held to only three points in the opening quarter. Other scores of major encounters throughout the nation are: Minnesota, 19; University of Wisconsin, 14. Boston, 27; Tulane, 7. N. Y. U., 32; Penn. Military, 6. • ' Duke, 23; Virginia Military, 0. Mississippi, 40; St. Louis, 6. b.j. Purdue’s soph-junior squad took the field to start the second quarter, did their big brothers one better by marching straight to a touchdown on 11 plays that covered 50 yards, Burto scoring from the 4-yard line and Hal Schumacher adding to his terrific pile-driving feats by putting a place kick through the pprights and into the north-end seats for a point. Second half scoring found Buffington, Brock, -and Byelene pulling a replioa of the opening series of plays, as the Gold and Blacks duplicated the opening quarter’s performance by marching to six points, scored by Buffington, after using 16 plays to cover 67 yards. Elward chose to display the versatility of his squad by sending John Petty into the fracas to hit the extra point which the big fullback did from placement. The last quarter produced another smooth functioning fullback in Fijala, assisted by Red Carter, Gantz, Galvin and Anderson. Carter scored on a wide end gallop (and leap), and Fijala’s place kick for the extra point was the most direct conversion ever witnessed, as the ball not only disected the uprights but squarely hit the flag pole in back and in the middle of the goal posts. It ^as a peep-sight job.
Ah
By Joseph Patrick Dolan
And the Purdue band! Wasn’t it magnificent! No wonder your old ticker does dipsy-doodles and tears fill your eyes with emotion when Emrick’s marvelous band goes through their Purdue maneuvers. When those boys stand out there in front of you, doesn’t it make you feel proud to be a Purdue man or woman? Boy-o-boy, what old Broth-, er Hitler wouldn’t do with that outfit! Those little Dutchers would be goose-stepping at six months, and the mob psychology old Adolph could instigate with it would have the sons of Attlia on a perpetual war-path. —I-I— Duane Purvis, one time varsity All-American halfback, visited the campus yesterday, and related one of the most unusual stories about high school football that I’ve ever heard. Believe it or not, the European entanglement has created an “international complication" on his Michigan City high school football squad. —I-I— Michigan City, a steel center, has a great many Polish boys attending its high school, and these lads furnish the beef for the line, and in the backfield are a few German boys. I mean of German and Polish origin or descent. —I-I— And in this combination Purvis finds quite a problem: the Polish won’t block or protect the German element and, therefore, Michigan City has a case for Martin Dyes and his committee to investigate. Duane
Seniors! Joe's Tailor Shop MAKES A SPECIALTY OF CORDS Corner of Sfate^and Chauncey In the Village
Boilermakers Will Clash With Ohio State Saturday By John Adamson The eyes of the mid-west’s football fandom will be focused on Columbus next Saturday, when the Boilermakers journey eastward to face Ohio State’s conference title-defendingr Buckeyes. It will be the opening Big Ten encounter of the year as none of the other conference teams will be battling among themselves until the following week-end.
Buckeyes Favored The Ohio lads, who have been picked by most of the experts to retain their championship honors, yesterday added further proof to the theory that they are potentially able to garner another Big Ten title this season. The Buckeyes literally swamped a strong Pitt squad in a barrage of touchdowns and emerged on the long end of a 30-7 score. With a team-that has been virtually rebuilt as a result of the loss of a host of veterans, the Boilermakers will be presented with a terrific early season assignment in their battle with the Columbus squad. The Riveters will attempt to counter Ohio State’s experience and power with speed, enthusiasm and spirit, and from the looks of the Butler tilt the local lads seem to have plenty of all three. Hope For Upset The Buckeyes will admittedly rule as top-heavy favorites, but the Boil-
has a fifth column in front and in back of iiim. Ahem! -1-1-The band more than ever deserves that Fordham trip, but . . . Ahem!
ermakers have hopes of springing another upset on their eastern foes. In the last meeting of the two teams, the Gold and Black gridders surprised everybody with a 12-0 win for their first victory over the Scarlet and Grey. From all the indications of yesterday’s annihilation of Pitt, the Buckeye’s vaunted power attack will provide an acid test for the Boilermaker defenses. Ohio has an outstanding array of backs, headed by Don Scott, who are capable of making mincemeat out of anyone’s line. Identical Averages For the statistically minded fans, leadership in the Western conference gridiron circles for a 11-year period will be at stake next Saturday. In these 11 seasons, the Boilermakers and the Buckeyes have compiled identical .745 averages in Big Ten competition, and the victor in this year’s clash will step to the head of the conference heap. The Boilermakers, with oWy 13 defeats, have lost fewer Big Ten games than any other school, while Ohio State leads in victories with 41 to their credit. Purdue has won 38, lost the afore-mentioned 13, and tied 7, while the Buckeyes have 41 wins, 14 losses and 5 ties.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“There’s bound to be some embarrassing talk, coach!—More men have turned out for football than there are in school!”
SENIORS ATTENTION Our cleaning process insures less shrinking and better dyeing on cords than any other method used.
Cords Cleaned, pressed, tinted....
.60c
Northwestern at Vine
PhcHoe 4081
S4Y'
, r ' ' v
r -S'' S' i<,< ^ ^ ^ , , «tl ' ^ f 1 r’l , V ^1 \ ' .1. i / '
a ’*>
/
PUHDUE EXPONENT
Sunday# September 29# 1940
The 5»h (Column
The axis powers, with Benito on the bottom end and the little yellow men of Nippon out on a limb they sprouted recently, have come to a final agreement as to who gets what when they get rid of everyone else. Japan gets half, Italy gets half, and Germany signs a non-aggression treaty and takes the whole works. But they left a little for us.
A ten mile circle around Dead Center, Nev.
That was too much for Jeff Davis, “His Majesty” to the hobos, and he promptly ordered 1,010,000 subjects to answer the call to arms. He complained that Dead Center had no freight yard. The “bo’s” plan to organize their own corps. And call it “The Terrible Transients.”
The boys on Adolph’s payroll work grimly away and now another national institution has toppled. Remember how the monks at the local zoo used to beg for peanuts. Well, now they’ve installed slot machines. But that didn’t stop our simian friends. They beg for pennies.
Despite the official frowns that have been plying between Washington and Tokyo, a six million dollar gold shipment arrived from Japan recently consigned to the Yokahania Specie Bank. Now that we won’t sell them our old hubcaps and fenders, I wonder what they’ll buy with it.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered m second elaas matter at the poet office in Lafayette, Indiana, tinder the act of Congreei of March S, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided ioe in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorised JaUnaxy 20, 1922. Published daUr except Monday during the regular academic year and wedcly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for 98.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60.
Editor-in-chief Business Manager-
R. W. Oonahus ...Merle
Publication Staff News Editor — J, H. McKee Managing Editor — D. K. Hdple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A, Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Ruflner, R. M. SkaUerup, J. L. Traugott.
Business Staff Local Advertising Managers:‘D. 8. Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. E. Dangelmajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Sha^ord; Circulation Manager, R. M. Rectenwald.
Co-ed Staff Editor Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Miller, Roth Rose, Donna SiesB. /
Sports Staff Editor J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792
Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 120 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Night Editor, Purcell Ass’t. Night Editor, Stoeckel
Day Editor, Miller Night Sports Ed., Adamson
Sophomores: E. W. Nordlinger, R. A. Tewksbury, E G. Kieper and P. K. Zimmerman.
b&b
Nylon socks—maybe..
Successfully evading Hitler’s hired men, the first of the fifty decrepit destroyers that we heard so much about just reached an unnamed British port. So]^eone must have these fifth columnists on the run. J. Edgar Hoover and us! r.m.s.
Convo Tickets Are Depleted-J.T. Gunn
Prof. J. T. Gunn, chairman of the University committee on convocations, yesterday announced the exhaustion of season tickets alloted to the general public for 1940-’41 convos. This, however, does not refer to University staff and faculty tickets which will go on sale next Tuesday. e.w.n.
The Reasons Why
Sanitone Cleaned Clothes
retains the feel of newness are: (1) Sanitone's superior removal of soil and. embedded dirt brings the nap back to normal, and \ (2) Finishing materials, which are an essential part of the cloth in its manufacture and which are removed in ordinary diy cleaning, are returned to the fabric by the Sanitoning process.
Wesley Players Present First Play Of Year Tonight
The season’s initial play of the Wesley Players Religious Drama club will be acted tonight at 6:30 o’clock in the West Lafayette Methodist Church. The ^director, Ann Pierce, has announced the cast of “The Victor” as Darrel Roach, David Polger, Walter Koester, Beth Ludberg, Warren Holison and William Garlic. The one-act play was written by Elliath Field, e.w.n.
American Laundry
Bus Information
0. W.
R. T.
Chicago
$1.80
$2.95
Gary
1.80
2.95
Mich. City
2.00
3.60
South Bend
2.20
4.00
Indianapolis
1.15
2.10
RIDE TRAILWAYS 208 N. 5th St. Phone 4475
PURDUE EXPONENT
You can't be an Engineer without a slide rule. It is the greatest timesaver ever invented.
Get a K. and E. Log Log Duplex, Decitrig Slide Rule from DEAC'S.
We will put your name on both the rule and case free and give you a free seventy-five cent booklet which tells you how to run it.
H. G. REISNER BOOKSTORE
FRESHMEN— Those who have been receiving complimentary copies of the PURDUE EXPONENT must subscribe immediately or delivery will be discontinued. Subscriptions may be obtained at the west desk of
the Union Building.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Phone 5038
310 North Fifth Street
mAA To Feature At Lafayette Thealre Driver Interviews
Cord week-end is over, all but the headaches, painted cords, torn-up houses, ruined morale and fond (?) memories. It was very eventful, or at least so it seemed to us. Now we all can settle down to some good hard work, until ilext week-end. Perhaps the hangovers will be gone by then, but from some seniors we saw at the game we doubt even that. And by the way, it also occurred to us at the game that “God Bless America” is not yet our national anthem. We read the other day that at one gathering the crowd stood for the playing of “God Bless America,” but not for the ‘‘Star Spangled Banner.” They didn’t play the national anthem at the game, but would the same performance have been repeated if they had? —B & B— Seen at the game, Frank Habicht, SAE, and Jean Patrick, as usual. Beta George Jones and Chi 0 Ginny Fox; not as usual, the public service boys getting themselves in solid with the Gold Peppers by trying to get ahead of them in the parade. They did get ahead of the home ecs. Also seen were a few mustaches, some of them authentic; Skull Mack
The first broadcast of WBAA’s new safety series will go on the air at 2 o’clock tomorrow afternoon. The broadcast is to be made from Northwestern avenue in front of the EE building. Programs are “to be one-quarter hour in length. Instead of the usual pre-arranged program, the program will include interviews with drivers of cars that happened to be passing when it is on the air. These programs are made possible through the cooperation of the University’s Public Safety Institute and the local Indiana State Police post. Corporal L. Ayres of the post will stop apd conduct the traffic while Del Greenwood, student announcer, will handle the interviews. e.g.k.
White, sans mustache (he put up a good cross-country race to keep it, and got his radiator bashed in doing it); a bunch of cute Butler coeds. Their team may not be so hot but they have a lot we would like to see here. —B & B— These things, too: John Van Horn star-gazing in broad daylight; Tom Fullerton, Lee Prime, Bob Hogue, and can they account for all their actions?
REST ASSURED’
at
HOTEL FOWLER
200 Rooms
Fireproof
Newly decorated Blueblazer Airconditioned
Fourth and Ferry
Lafayette
PURDUE PENNANTS
Old Gold and Black
on
34 Inch Cane...
25c
YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREENS DRUG STORES
408 Main Street
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Jewelers
• Hardware
R. C EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
Edgerfon Hdwe. Inc. Better Mdse.-—Right Prices If It's Hardware We Have It ' / ^*354 We Deliver
• School Supplies
• Dairy Products
; University Book Store Across from the Union Next to the College Inn M. C. "Red" Sammons '29 R. W. "Doc" Eppla '40
M. E. MOREHOUSE dairy quality milk Phone 46214
a
CUDDLESOME is the word for comedienne Joan Blondell, costarred with Dick Powell in Paramount’s new comedy - drama, “I Want A Divorce.” It starts Sunday at the Lafayette Theatre.
T
Mj .t
r