New Fronts Appear On War Horizon
Z-1IS
Founded In 1889
X/ponoit f Dafly Slneo 1906
3 Athletic Teantt Down Opponents
Volume 52, No. 185
West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, May 18, 1941
Foremen's Institute Yesterday Attracts 1,000 Leaders Here 12 Industrialists Talk On National Defense More than 1,000 foremen and industrial leaders came to the campus yesterday to attend the second annual Foremen’s Institute where they discussed the major problems of foremen as well as national defense. The conference was sponsored by the University’s Engineering Extension department and the division of Education and Applied Psychology in co-operation with several foremen’s groups and the Division of Trades and Industries of the State department of Vocational Education. Day Starts The day’s activities started at 9 o’clock with a brief tour of the campus with Trade and Industrial Education seniors acting as guides. At 10:30 o’clock the Opening general session was'held in the Hall of Music with Dr. P. B. Knight, head of the division of education and applied psychology delivering the address of welcome. Following the welcome, Carl Taylor, director of the Northern Bank of Milwaukee explained “What We Must Do To Defend America. ” Prom 1:30 to 4:16 o’clock separate sessions devoted to the eleven different phases of foremanship work were held. The phases covered were safety, apprenticeship, human relations, methods, job training, job rating, fitting the defense program to industrial legislature, the place of the foreman as a teacher in national defense, helps and aids, the ouflook, and the problem of women {'ipervisors. I Industrialists Talk ’’Speakers who appeared before tht warious groups were as follows: A. b. Caddell, special representative, Industrial Commission of Ohio; Henry Fosberg, superintendent of production, Continental Steel and Roll Co., East Chicago; Carl Coler, district representative. The Advisory Commission to the Council of National Defense, Pitts-hnrg-h Pa.: Ralnh M. Barnes, professor of industrial engineering, University of Iowa; Gene Mapel,' assistant chief of the training division, Carnegie-Illinois Steel Corporation, Pittsburgh, Pa.; I. H. Freeman, industrial relations manager, General Electric Co., Fort Wayne; Henry B. Steeg, Indianapolis, co-ordinator in State Defense Council; Fred E. Benson, prihcipal, Hammond Technical School; Herbert Fillmore, training director, Servel, Inc., Evansville; Thomas Lane, personnel director. Lever Brothers Co., Hammond, and Miss Margaret Burnett, personnel directoi'*, The Wilson Brothers Co,, South Bend. At 4:30 o’clock another general session was held in Fowler hall at which, time M. J. Kane, consultant in training within industry of the Office of Production Manager, Washington, D. C. discussed “Training in industry for National Defense.” e.g.k. Catholic Church To Erect New $100,000 Chapel Here According to an announcement received yesterday a new Catholic chapel will be erected in West Lafayette in the near future to serve University students. The Fprt Wayne diocese will build the chapel, along with a parochial residence on the property located on the north' side of Meridian Street immediately west of the West Lafayette high school athletic field. Under present plans the church and residence will be completed some time next year, at a cost of about $100,000. The new chapel will be architecturally in keeping with the general style of the University buildings. The church will be known as the Foucher Foundation, honoring Anthony Foucher, bom July 22, 1741 at Fort Quiatenon, one of the first settlements in Indiana.
Boilermakers Nose Out Gophers, 9-7
Club Bojangles To Gain Revenge For Friday's Defeat
By John Amos m
"Caryettes" Star In Annual Cary
From “First Impression,” as it was listed in the program, to “the End,” “Bojangles” the Cary Club's presentation last night entertained a responsive audience of about 600 students and faculty members in Eliza Fowler Hall with an hour and a half of college slapstick comedy. The performance included everything expected of a floor show and more. Outstanding in the entertainment were the 13 Caryettes directed by Reed Bennett who presented their dance routine in abbreviated dresses of black lace covered with spangles. Other high spots of the evening were the piapo solos by Angie Castellani and the skit entitled sweet shop 109 or Scared Harem. This skit portrayed life as it might be in a coke tap room with Joe Lockwood consuming most of the cokes. The tap room played host to everything from a fifth columnist to zouaves, gamblers to writers, and even included about a dozen men under a single table. One of these proved to be one of the Caryettes. We might mention here that the Exponent man that was typing on a roll of paper on the balcony must have been a fraud. All Exponent men know is that you spell phhhh, (raspberry) phhh. Another of the features of the program was a pantomine which was accompanied by the orchestra featuring Maurice Udes, George Zissis, Dick Delong, and Ed Seiler. The feminine touch was not absent by any means for in addition to the 13 Caryettes, both the pantomine and Sweetshop 109 had representatives of the fairer sex in them. The program even closed with a strip tease—of a dummy. The orchestra which played frequently throughout the performance deserves commendation for a performance which although not brilliant was at least adequate. Other numbers on the program were, “monkey shines” where a student swung back and forth across the stage on a long rope eating a banana, a Barker Sequence, series of tableaus presented as a pseudoquiz, an air raid accompanied by a blackout, a harmonica solo by Bob DePuy and several other numbers. All in all the cast of 56 plus the orchestra presented a successful evening’s entertainment. WAA Members M^et At Cabin To Banquet, Award Annual Prizes Members of the Women’s Athletic Association will gather for theirlast social function of the year Tuesday evening at 6:30. The girls will hike out to the cabin Vhere the annual spring Sports Spread will get under way. The Spread consists of a picnic after which the annual awards will be made to members. Class numerals will be awarded to any girl who gets one hundred points for pla;J'ing in the class games. Any girl who totals onethousand points will be awarded “P” monograms. Those who receive “P” monograms are automatically pledged to Sportswomen, WAA honorary. Skins will be awarded to senior women active in WAA on thg basis of continued interest, good soprts•manship, health, and scholarship. Following the usual custom, WAA will also awhrd the class cup and an intramural cup. Winners of these awards have not been announced yet. Anyone may attend the picnic. Tickets are now on sale for 26 cents and may be purchased from any W^-A officer, council member, o^ at the WA.A. office. r.w.b.
..From All FrontSi— Today's Summary Of War News
Vo Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Ine • RAF, Luftwaffe Trade Blows The RAF and the Luftwaffe traded heavy blows in raids on industrial centers according to reports released yesterday by the British and German high commands. The Rhineland and the docks at Boulogne suffered heavily during raids by the RAF, while the Germans directed their strongest action of the week against Birminghapi in the English Midlands. "
• Hitler Senses U. S. Disunity Apparent American disunity over foreign policy has enabled Hitler to persuade Russia and other potential allies that the moment has come to take the Anglo-Saxon world, John T. Whitaker cables from Lisbon. The British face the active entry into the war of Russia, Whitaker reports.
• British Bomb Syria The Royal Air Force yesterday pressed its advantage gained in the air battle for control of thfe Syrian sector. British bombers are destroying Syrian airdromes that could be used by Germany in its “drane nacht osten.”
• U. S. General Goes To China With the arrival in Chungking of American General Henry Clagett, of the U. S. air force in the Philippines, all signs point to a speed-up of America’s policy of material aid to the Chinese, a potential ally, A. T. Steele radios from Hong Kong. Sacial Work Group Will Meet Tomorrow Morning On Campus Registration of members of the Indiana State Conference on Socihl Work will begin at 9 o’clock tomorrow morning in the Faculty Lounge of the Union. The meeting is a regional affair, there being six regions in the state, and this is the West Central Area. Prof. 0. F. Hall of the University Department of Education and Applied Psychology is the general chairman. After he opens the conference in the general session following registration, the members will break up into three groups to meet in different rooms in the Union. Miss Janet Stroup, a case work supervisor, will preside over the group discussing “Children and National Defense.” Allen Bailey, editor from Delphi, is chairman of the group discussing “National Defense and Rural Areas.” “The Job of a Board'Member” is the subject of the third group’s discussion, and Mrs. E. T. S^hl, president of the League of Women Voters will preside as chairman. Various speakers have been selected to talk before the three groups. Luncheon will be had in the Union Cafeteria at noon. Another general session will follow which Dr. W. R. Graham of the Central Presbyterian Church will open with an invocation. This session will last until four when the members will spit into two groups. Judge D. Russell Gordon from the White County Circuit Court is chairman of the group which will hear speakers 'talk on “Delinquency — Prevention and Treatment.” L. J. Fisher, high school principal, is chairman of the group discussing “Mental Health.” r.w.b.
Russia May Give Aid To Germans In War On Anglo-Saxons Nazis Influence Public Opinion By Peace Offers By John T. Whitaker SPECIAL CABLE To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc. Lisbon, May 17. — Great Britain faces not only French military collaboration with the Germans, but ^ the active entry into the war of Russia, Since this threatens to extend the British position along the whole of the Mediterranean, observers here feel now that the next diplomatic move will come from Japan. American hesitation and the impression created by Charles Lindbergh and Herbert Hoover that American opinion is divided has enabled Hitler to persuade all his potential allies that the moment has come to take the Anglo-Saxon world. There is no doubt that in preparing this world-wide s3nichroniatizon of action Hitler is trying to influence American as well as British opinion by peace efforts put forward through diplomatic channels. Nazi Peace Proposals While some observers here believe that Rudolf Hess was landed in thq^British Isles to report imminent Russian and Japanese action and to ask for British capitulation, most feel that Japanese Foreign Minister Yosuke Matsuoka and others are putting forward the German peace proposals. It is generally agreed, however, that Winston Churchill will never capitulate and that even the Germans have small hopes that these peace proffers will serve as anything more +Vian pronaeranda amoner defeatist elements both in Britain ^and America. Stalin Capitulating? Russia’s recognition of Iraq, and her withdrawal of recognition from Yugoslavia, Norway and Belgium, plainly foreshadow Hitler’s final victory over Joseph V. Stalin. Blackmailing the Kremlin with 2,000,000 German soldiers along the Russian frontiers. Hitler has asked Stalin to co-operate or face the immediate invasion of the Ukraine. When Viacheslov M. Molotov, then premier, was in Berlin last winter the Nazis offered the Russians spheres of influence from the Turkish frontier through Iran, with a sea outlet there, instead of through the Dardanelles. Then the Russians feared America’s entry in-^ to the war and stalled. Now, apparently, Stalin no longer fears American entry so much as German invasion. 'Four Kings'Win First in Bridge Tournament Eliminating three other teams in the finals, the “Four Kings,” composed of Tom Gardner, Walter Gipe, Jackson Sells, and J. S. Stewart, won the All-Campus bridge tournament yesterday afternoon. More than sixty teams entered the tournament which is an annual affair sponsored by the Union, The tournament is run on an elimination basis, and all but four teams had been eliminated before the finals yesterday; Second place honors went to the Phi Kappa Phi team of which R. M. Edwards, G. A. Hussey, C. J. Newhageii, and W. E. Edwards were members. Third and fourth places awarded to the Sigma Pi team ^d to the “Dirty Four.” p.g.h.
Johnny Pitches, Bats Team To Victory; Riveters Win In Tenth Minneapolis, Minn., May 17—(Special to the Purdue Exponent)—^Pulling away from a seven-all tie at the end of the ninth inning, coach Dutch Fehring’s Boilermaker nine battled Minnesota’s diamond squad down by a 9-7 score in as thrilling a contest ever witnessed here in many seasons. The Gophers came through to tie the game up in the last half of the ninth after the invading team had driven out into a 5-3 lead earlier in the game. • Battery Mates
Scrivener Announces New Initiates, 1941-42 Staff For Magazine Announcement of the 1941 staff of Scrivener Magazine was made last night at the banquet following the formal initiation of pledges in the afternoon. Florence Justin will be editor-in-chief, Chester Riegle and Dale Sheets, Associate editors; Arthur McTaggert, Frances Estep, Bonnie McPherson and Ruth Dray, assistant editors. / Business manager will be Victor Allwardt. The publications sophomore staff is to be Priscilla Carr, Morris Miller, Jane Dunbar, Margaret Graves, Ralph Trueblood, Dorothy Ragsdale and several others to be named later from the freshmen who were initiated last night. / ^ ~ The following pledges were initiatedi Victor Allwardt, Franklin Levin, Morris Miller, Ellen Searight, Genevieve Husted, Ben Johnson, Don Brophy, John Amos, Don Brewer, Robert Gallatin, Robert Skallerup, Betty Wedge, Ardath Prantner, Bette Poole, Carolyn Wood, Marcum ^Schneider, Dorothy Ragsdale, Max Hollabaugh, James McCord, Marthaeunice McHaffie, Don Smith, Priscilla Carr, Ralph Trueblood, Jane Dunbqr, Margaret Graves, Seth Wheatley, Wilbur Spraker, L. M. Stettenbenz, William Resnick, Warren Robinson, and Mary Boynton. Exponent Workers Exponent Sports Staff: All freshmen and new junior editors report to the Union office Monday, 7:30 p. m. for important meeting. —JOHNSON.
, Johnny Emmert out on the mound and Ernie Young back behind the plate gave the Minneapolis fans a taste of the Hoosier style of ball when they led the Riveters to victory after they had been defeated by the Maroon squad 2-1 in a very close game on Friday afternoon. The first inning gave the spectators an inkling as" to what might happen \^en McFerren singled and Byelene was safe at first on a fielder’s choice, putting Janisch up at the plate. Mike sneaked down to second and raced across home plate on Janisch’s single, chalking up the first run of contest—in favor of the Boilermakers. Minnesota didn’t get started in the second half, and it was three up, three down. In the second inning McCaffery singled to left and went down to second on a wild *pitch, placing a man in scoring position. Emmert came up to the plate, singled deep, and McCaffery came across standing up to make the score 2-0, with the Gophers on the short end. Calm Before Storm Things quieted down somewhat and it wasn’t until two were down in the first half of the fourth that the Riveter nine really’’got their eyes on the ball and brought the fans to their feet. Young, McCaffery, Emmert, and Byelene all slammed out singles and then a hard drive by Janisch was muddled by the Minnesota short-stop and three more runs went up on the board for the Riveters. Minnesota finally got in the groove in the last half of the inning and pounded out three runs to make it sound a little better, 5-3, but still in favor of the BoilerUiakers. It wasn’t till the last half of the ninth, the key inning, that the Gophers got on their toes and gave Coach Fehring and the rest of the boys plenty to worry about. With the Boilermakers literally packed and on their way, Minnesota found (Continued on page 3)
Ever Hear Of Purdue Medical School Or The. Harlequin Club?
By Ed Kieper May 1, JL907, Dr. W. E. Stone, president of the University presented diplomas to 71 medical students at the special commencement exercises in Fowler hall for the University’s School of Medicine. In the line jof unusual information, the school of medicine was located in Indianapolis and became a part of the University in 1906 when the Fopt Wayne College of medicine, Central college of Physicians and Surgeons and fhe Medical college of Indiana combined with the University. Med School Transferred The school was transferred to Indiana university in April, 1908, with the actual effective date in September by mutual agreement between Dr. Stone and Dr. L. Bryan, president of Indiana. But now back to the campus doings of 1907. , The Student Council met Maj^ 3 to tty to reach a decision on the Band problem. Two factions were dqndlocked over the problem of having the University band continue in its status as'a civilian band or to have the military department take it over and make it a military unit.
Before the meeting the freshman and sophomores were under the jurisdiction of the Military department while the upperclassmen who ran the band were not, and therefore literally “thumbed their nose” at the Military department. The Military department won control. Harlequins Stage Drama It was this same year that the “Harlequin Club” an all-men’s dramatic group presented the “President of Oolong” which the advertisments claimed had a cast of: 12 ... Principles 27 ... Tea Girls 12 . .. Coolies After two successfid performances on the campus, the group presented the play in the English Opera House in Indianapolis. Free Debris The same year, the Debris published a 432 page edition that was distributed free to graduating seniors. The price to others was $1.60. Perhaps of general interest, the Chocolate shop ran a daily advertisement “Fresh Candies” and the faculty considered abolishing inspection trips because of laek of interest. What a change!.
pi
'ijf ''if vk’'
.’if’’
' 'S'tM
O'
2-£diJtA.
Sunday, May 18, 1941
ipjuJuiiJUL £xfiomnL
Introducing
... next year’s Exponent staff is a very pleasant job when it includes such people as Ned Ochiltree, John Traugott, Lee Ruffner, Ruth Rose, Phil Johnson, and Don Powers. These are the persons who will carry on a 52 year old tradition of editing this paper. Ned Ochiltree is a mechanical engineer from Oak Park, 111., but is a graduate of Peoria High school. Working on the Exponent has been his first venture in the field of journalism and like most everything else he has made a success of that. In addition to his Exponent work Ned has also distinguished himself as a student, being distinguished every semester he has been here. Last semester he achieved a 6.5 index and now has an accumulative index of 6.1. He is president of Theta Chi social fraternity, is a member of Tau Beta Pi, national all-engineering honorary. Pi Tau Sigma, national mechanical engineering honorary, and Sigma Delta Chi, national journalistic honorary. Ned was a member of Skull and Crescent in his sophomore year and is now a Gimlet pledge. Ned’s ability to concentrate and analyze, coupled with his inestimable capacity for hard work, makes him admirably equipped to carry on the duties of the editor-in-chief and will extend to the graduate work he plans to enter after graduation. John Traugott is a public service engineer from Indianapolis with a reporting job in Europe as his present goal. John is well read, reading as many as twenty books a semester in addition to a great devotion to the New Yorker, Time, and the Shortridge Daily Eeho, on which he served as the sports editor in his senior year at that Indianapolis high school. John is also a member of Sigma Delta Chi, a resident and member of Cary Club, and Reamer Club. John is a student of world affairs and has definite political beliefs. His ability to isolate and analyze and his love for caustic expression make him a tough opponent in any discussion. He has been both a source of information and a helpful advisor to the retiring editorialists. If John’s ambitions as news editor are realized, the campus may expect to see some important changes in the Exponent next year. Lee Ruffner, as the managing editor, is the soldier in our scholar-journalist-soldier combination for the new editorial staff. He is a graduate of Central High school in South Bend and is in the aeronautical option of the mechanical engineering school. Lee is an isolationist and defends his position with facts and a Scotch-Irish determination. He, like Traugott, does a lot of reading, and follows the world situation as a true militarist, for Lee is a member of the ROTC and hopes to get a commission next June. He is' a member of the Sigma Delta Chi and the Reamer Club. Lee ujbeci tO wUild modci ail pidiico his hob by but the press of his extra-curricular work has forced him to temporarily abandon his true love. His interest in photography and his passion for detail forbode some strict journalistic lessons for next year’s sophomores and juniors. His drive and pleasing personality are an excellent combination for the job of handling Exponent personnel. Phil Johnson, successor to Irishman Joe Dolan, is from Mooresville and served as sports editor of his high school paper. Phil is a student in horticulture in the school of agriculture and plans to enter into business with his father
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post o£tice in Lafayette, Indiana, vjnder the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for ift section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regulfir academic year and weekly during the Summer Spsion. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription, $3.50. • I Editor-in-Chief Ned A. OchHtree News Editor John L. Traugott Business Manager .. Don S. Bowers Publication Staff ' Managing Editor Leland W. Ruffner Associate Editors: J F. Amos, J. H. Armstrong, D. T. Brophy, R L. Hadley, F I. Jones, E. J. Kieper. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: K. K. Gjemre, R. E Saxton; Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell, Accounts Manager: W. D. Millard. Co-ed Staff Editor Ruth Rose Associate Editors: Mary K. Boynton, Alice Chatfield, Martha^ Jane Fox. Sports Staff Editor -Phil C. Johnson Associate Editors: O. T Clark, J. D. Fraser, J. S. Keeler.
Phones: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports 2792; Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This issue Day Editor: Fox Night Editor: Hadley Issue Editor: Roquemore Night Sports Editor: Clark Staff: E G Kieper, J. F Amos, D T. Brophy, R. W Boswinkle, P G Hoffman, J S Dawson, J S Keeler, A Chatfield and D E Brewer
who owns a large orchard in Mooresville. Phil is a member of Phi Delta Theta social fraternity, Sigma Delta Chi, Alpha Zeta, agricultural' honorary, and is a senior senator in Student Senate. As a member of Senate he served on the committee that was instrumental in the establishment of the new Purdue Athletic Council. Athletics are his hobby and a role in politics is his secret ambition. Very affable, Phil should be able to cover the sports front with a minimum of friction. Ruth Rose is Fort Wayne’s successor to Beth Simpson. She is a graduate of South Side high school and worked on the Times there. She is a student in Science with a major in bacteriology. She plans to work as a laboratory technician after graduation. Ruth is a member of Chi Omega sorority and Gold Peppers, co-ed booster honorary. She has strong opinions and doesn’t hesitate to speak her mind. She has great executive ability and should be able to hold her own with the men on the staff. Don Rowers came to the Exponent via Shortridge High school in Indianapolis. He started out in agriculture but has transferred into the school of science. He is a member of Lambda Chi Alpha social fraternity, and was a member of Skull and Crescent in his sophomore year. As a junior this year Don has been one of Merle Hagemeyer’s major generals in advptisiiig. Don would like to be a lawyer f’Dnditions beyond his control have ordered otherwise. His present aim is advertising and he hopes to use his experience on Exponent as a lever to get started^ This is, then, the complete senior staff for next year. Our biggest worry is not that they won’t do a good job but that they’ll do a better job than this year’s staff. In spite of the reflections on themselves, the retiring senior staff sincerely hopes the new staff will do the job that they are equipped to do. From the “was-
es” to the Donahue.
‘is-es,” “Best of Luck.^
R. W.
Morlar Board To Hold Ag School Will Exhibit
Initiation This Morning
Mortar Board, honorary for senior women, will have initiation for the new members at a breakfast this morning at 9 o’clock. The breakfast will be in the home of Miss Elizabeth Mitchell, faculty sponsor of the group. Pledges to be initiated are: Peggy Davis, Betty Erick, Barbara Fellows, Betty Graham, Mary Henry, Agnes McCulloch, Betty Morris, Virginia Schaupp, and Donna Siess. Peggy Terstegge is president and Jean Jones is in charge of plans for the initiation program, m.j.f. Agronomy Students . . . will attend the sixth annual picnic next Friday afteinoon. May 23, at 4 o’clock in the Soils and Crops Grove. Games and stunts will be featured with food provided by the committee in charge. Tickets for the affair must be secured in advance from student or staff members. In case of rain the picnic will be held at Columbia Park, Carl Johnson of the egricultural chemistry staff, general chair-
Students, faculty members, townspeople, and farmSrs in the surrounding vicinity will have an opportunity to see the 1940 International Livestock Exposition’s grand champion steer, “Sargo,” on Wednesday, May 21, from 1:30 to 3:00 o’clock, when it will be on public exhibition in the Livestock Judging Pavilion. The 1,060 pound Hereford steer is now on a nation-wide tpur. The tour schedule was interrupted to bring the anifnal to the campus before the present semester closed. “Sargo” was purchased by the Firestone Tire and Rubber Company for $3.30 a pound, a total of $3,498.
m.a.f.
Dorothy Aryidson . . . HE ’43, won sixth place in a National Meat Essay Contest sponsored by the National Live Stock and Meat Board. Miss Arvidson received ten dollars for placing sixth in the contest, which was open to college co-eds all over the country. man in charge, announced yesterday. f .i.j.
Thrills you never knew existed . . . Happen right before your eyes!
HUMPHREY
SYLVIA
BOGART • SIDNEY
EbDIS JOAN
ALBERT • LESLIE
EXTRA
PETE SMITH SPECIALTY "QUIZ BIZ"
U.S. Speeds Chinese Aid; Sends Emissary To Assume New Duties By A. T. Steele SPECIAL RADIO To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc. ^ Hong Kong^ May 17.—^All signs here today indicate the immediate speedup in the implementation of America’s policy of greater material aid to China and closer collaboration with the Chinese government —a potential ally. Before daybreak this morning, Brig. Gen. Henry Clagett, commander of the American air force in the Phillippines, left by plane for Chungking. A few hours later Clarence te. Gauss arrived in Hong Kong by ship for a stay of a few days before proceeding to Chungking to assume -his new post as United States ambassador to China. Ambassador Gauss, who was greeted at the steamer by his predecessor, Nelson Trusler Johnson, caihe armed with fresh instructions from Washington for the future handling of Sino-American relations. New Planes Mean Action These events, combined with A. others, show plainly that the strengthened American policy toward. China has progressed from the talking stage into the phase of real action. At the same time, news comes from reliable Chinese sources that the American airplanes urgently needed to cope with the merciless, indiscriminate Japanese bombing attacks are now beginning to arrive in China. Clagett declined to disclose the uroses of his mission to China, but this much is known—that he intends to remain in China one month and will thereafter fly to Washington. Chinese Bases For U. S.? The Chinese understand Clagett’s job to be primarily one of fact-find-ing, He* will do m his field what Lauchlan Currie, administrative assistant to President Roosevelt, did in the field of economics and finance. The Chinese expect that he will devote his efforts to studying China’s aerial needs and in determining how best the United States can be of assistance. His suggestions will be invited by the Chinese, who hope also that during his visit a basis can be laid for possible future Sino-American aerial co-op-eration in case Japan and the United States enter the war.
TODAY - MONDAY
2 BIG HITS
— WITH>.p. CHARLEY GRAPEWIN MARJORIE RAMBEAU GENE TIERNEY ALSO
Unmasking the master minds of a fiendish arson plot!
EREXIiMlt with lonothan Henry Mar|or(« Sidney HALE KOLKER > REYNOLDS • BLACKMEI — IT'S A FIRST RUN HIT —
Notiedd
Freshman Camp Counselors: We will meet at Prof. Graves’ home at 227 S. Grant St. at 7:30, May 19, for instructions. Old campers invited. —SCHALLIOL.
Alpith Phi qtiiega: Pfonid and bhrty for seniors and other actives Sunday, May 18. Meet in Swedish Lounge (268) of the Union at 4:30 p. rti, Transportation and food provided for. R.S.V.P. Call C. G. Smith (2648) for reservations. —SIGLER.
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Time of initiation and election of officers changed to Monday, May 19, at 7 p. m. in the Chemistry Building. Be prepared to pay initiation fee. > —ALEXANDER.
WAA Archers: Archery tournament will be at 4 p. m. every evening this week. All tourney shooting must be finished by Tuesday, May 20.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, May 20, in room 134 EE building. P. H. Reedy will speak on "Recording.” Everyone is invited. —FREED.
Undergraduate DameS: Picnic at Cary Camp for all members and their husbands Sunday, May 18. Meet at 10:30 a. m. at the home of Mrs. Tandy at 187 Pierce St. —GERSTUNG.
Pan-Hellenic Board: Meeting at 4 p. m. in room 808 of the Union Monday, May 19. —ADKINS.
Radio classes: Meet at the armory today at 10 p. m. for tactical net instruction. In case of inclement weather class will be held in the armory. I—BURKHART.
Reamers: Elections will be held at regular meeting Monday, May 19, at 7:15 in room 304 of Union. All members please be present. —BOHLIN.
To Whom It May Concern: Subscriptions t<J the Purdue Engineer which have_not been paid to date must be paid before final exams. —SIOLEE.
Fraternity Affairs Office Sophomores: Report at 4 p. m. every day for the remainder of semester. —JACOBSON.
Engineer Staff: Meeting Wednesday, May 21, at 4 p. m. in the office. All staff members please attend and bring designs for next year’s cover. —M. B. H.
Purdue Wheelmen: Ride Sunday, May 18 at 2:30. Meet in front of Executive Building. Bring 26 cents for picnic. Everyone invited. —VANDERBILT.
_ All PlayShop People: Get your invitation3_ and tickets for the Stage, Stump, Studio banquet at the Playshop office or from Jo Stong by Tuesday, May 20. —MOREHOUSE.
Tan Beta Pi: Meeting for election postponed until Monday, May 19, at 7:30 p. m. in Union. —MONTGOMERY.
Exponent Staff: Short meeting of all the sophomore and freshman men on the staff in the office Monday evening at 4 p. m. Very important. -RUFFNER.
Chi Epsilon: Meeting in room 366 of the Union, Monday, May 19, at 6;30. —SAMS.
AIME: Election of officers Monday, May 19, at 4 p. m. in room 110 of the Chem. and Met, Building. —PHILLIPS.
AIChE Picnickers: Merabera who intend to go on picnic sign list in the chemical engineering office before Tuesday, May 20. The picnic will be held Wednesday, May 21, at the fairgrounds. —MASSEY.
Scabbard and Blade: Installation of officers Monday, May 19, at 4:16 p. m. in the armory Uniforms and O.D. shirts are required. —MEESE.
Junior Military Students: Uniform allowance is ready for payment at cashier’s office in Executive Building Have your passports with you. —BROWN.
Wesley Foundation; All members going on the overnight trip to the battleground should take bedding. (Sheets and covers.) —McF ADDER
Change of Schools: Any student whp has definite plans to change in September from one school or curriculum to another is advised to file his application before the end of the present year. Blanks are at the registrar’s office. —STONE.
Co-eds: Who were in the Galacade are required to come to ballet practice Tuesday, May 20, at 4 p. m. in the Woman’s Gymnasium. —EOSENCRANS.
Christian Science Organization: Meeting Tuesday, May 20, at 7:30 p. m. m room 306 of the Union. —HARDY.
EE Seniors: All seniors with cars who can drive to senior, picnic at Ross Camp, May 24, sign up on list on main bulletin board in EE building. —AULL.
Exponent Workers: Meeting of all elected officers and staff workers Wednesday, May 21, at 4:16 p. m. in the Union office. —TRAUGOTT.
AH WBAA Staff: Get your invitations and tickets at the WBAA Studios or from Joyce Burnham by Tuesday, May 20. -MOREHOUSE.
All Debaters and Forensic Managers: Get your invitations and tickets for Stage, Stump, and Studio Banquet from the Speech Office or Janet Morehouse by Tuesday, May 20. —MOREHOUSE.
Agriculturist: All holders of bronze or silver keys must return them to the Agriculturist office Monday or Tuesday afternoon, May 19-20 if they expect to receive a key for this year’s work. —ADAMS.
Alpha Phi Omega: The Tee shirts have arrived. Please see or call Schalliol (66062) for-yours. (6-19) —SIGLER.
Alpha Phi Omega: Executive Committee meeting of new officers at 8 p m. Tuesday, May 20, at the Pi Kappa Phi house. —SIGLER.
DANCE REVUES By Pupils of Allen's School of Dancing LEBANON, MAY 26fh FRANKFORT, JUNE 2nd LAFAYETTE, JUNE 6fh ANNUAL PICNIC FOR PUPILS, JUNE 12 SUMMER CLASSES OPEN JUNE 12. PHONE 2150
NOW SHOWING
Men of Steel! Women o'f Flame in a battle to a Finish! Which will win? GEORGE RAFT ANN SHERIDAN HUMPTERY BOGART IN THEY DRIVE BY NIGHT
Classified Ads
Typewriters and adding machines, ne^ and used, for sale, rent and repaired AH makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St, Phone, 2779. All Men interested in delivering Exponents for school year ’41-’42 write or call Bill Bell, Cary Hall South.
Lost, strayed, or stolen: One slightly worn Gimlet pot. Call 6097 Reward. Phil Johnson.
MIGHTIEST OF ALL OUTDOOR DRAMAS!
AND SWING WITH BING with MANY FAMOUS GOLFERS
AIR CONDITIONED
Muicm0, l/PMAklPI^S MmANCP! Fighting, loving, laughing their woy sfroight into your hearti
Starts Today
— EXTRA —. FkEDDlE MARTIN AND HIS BAND
COLOR CARTOON^ Km
r ^ vs.
^"'k ^ ^ W „(.r^ W »Jrt JS ji i twt y ,-*
^ st«
fijuJidm £xfiomtti
Sunday. May 18. 1941
fia^iL i-Sfto^dJL
GOLFERS, TENNIS SQUAD WIN
Allspaw's Linksmen Outshoot Bulldogs, akh Hank Leads 17-7, Knipp, Curran Excel For Winners HoosiersToXrack
Coach Harry Allspaw’s Riveter golf team pulled an abrupt about face yesterday afternoon on the West Lafayette Country Club course when they did a rather complete job of humbling Butler, 17-7. Very chilly windl for a late spring day didn’t seem to annoy the oBilermakers’ drives, approaches and puts. Wade Knipp and Charley Curran -
led in de-bhtzing a Bulldog squad that had previously won eight straight matches. Knipp, snniething of a rookie on the fairways, defeated Phillips twice in singles play, 214-% and 2-1. Dahl,jjvho has been consistently close to the par line all year, won out over Wolf in the singles with a 3-0 whitewash and paired with George Dahl in the doubles to again apply the whitewash brush, 3-0, The Butlerites lost their campaign opener to Northwestern and .-went on to the long series of victories before meeting up with Allspaw’s bunch of aroused lads. The latter hardly knew the misfortune of a bogie all morning and afternoon. The doubles were played in the morning and the singles in the afternoon. Prior to the Butler match, the Riveters had opened the season with a^l9-8 beating of Detroit’s Titans and then dropped five in a row to Notre Dame, Illinois, Ohio State, Indiana and Michigan. The Wolverines ar^ potential Big Ten champions this year, o.t.c.
Singles.
Curran (P) defeated Wolf (B) 3-0
Owens (B) defeated Dahl (P) 2%-%
Hoffer (P) defeated Anson (B) 2-1 McDaniels (P) defeated Braden (B) 3-0 Knipp (P) defeated Phillips (B) 2%-% and 2-1 Doubles : , _ Anson and Braden (B) defeated Hoffer and McDaniels (P) 2-1 .. Dahl and Curran (P) defeated Wolf and Owens (B) 8-0.
Triton Club
. . . members will meet at 264 Pierce Street, Miss Russell’s house, on Tuesday at 8 p. m. for a farewell party in honor of the senior members.
The value of paper dishes made in the United States exceeds $20,000,000 annually, the census reports. That’s lots of picnics.
Boilermakers . . (Continued from page 1)
Emmert’s pitch at last and tied it up seven-all. The invaders, however, buckled down and in the tenth Fisher opened with a hard single and went down to second base on Young’s sacrifice. McCaffery fiyedout to left and Fisher took third with two away. Emmert got his third hit in three times up, bringing Fisher in with the winning run. Sturdy Mike Byelene wasn’t satisfied, however, and crossed home with thq ninth Boilermaker run, cinching the contest. Minnesota had lost its morale by that time, and failed to make a showing in the last half, the final score being 9-7, with the Riveters on top. Nice Going, John! Pitcher Johnny Emmert, besides turning in one of his best games of the season from the mound, topped the batting column with three hits out of three times at bat, driving in a total of four runs. Ernie Young took second honors in the ball-game, getting three hits out of four times up. —Score By Innings— Purdue . 110 500 000 2—9 Minnesota 000 300 004 0—T Over 100 Attend Farm Management Fish Fry Over one hundred attended the annual Student-Staff Fish Fry of the Farm Management Department held at Rotary Park Friday afternoon. The Staff received the trophy awarded to the losers of the grudge baseball game between the Seniors and the Staff, a feature of the Fish Fry. The rest of the day was spent in consuming 80 pounds of fish and great amounts of other food and electing stu'dents to work with the faculty on student-faculty functions
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
e Profetsloiiel
Risk Dentil Clinic 1^ rAl|.^A RISK ^ LUTMR A RISK Br. i^oLd j. risk • M»lii In. Mwn 5710 • Ldcksmlth Keys and Locks
cetcortite ai^ rapSMnOMULHAUPrS jo^-11 M. jthSf. Wwnstes • Dilry Products M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY quality milk Phone 46214 • Hardware If It's Hardware We Have It Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Phone 4354 We Deliver
) School Supplies DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
W. lAFAYETTC
^JhmJtaL
LATEST BOOKS - BEST AUTHOR Sc PER DAY - )dc MINIMU,
Complete Llne_ of Greeting Cards University Book Store M. C. "Red" Sammons '29 R. W. "Doc" Epple '40 • Photographers Cameras and Supplies Picture Framing HINEA PHOTOGRAPHER 634 Main St. Phone 7775
o Shoe Repair BOSSUNG ^ SHOE REBUILDING Phone 2240 221 State
Win In Conference ^JMinneapolis, Minn., May 17. — (Special to the Purdue Exponent)— Indiana’s stalwart negro, Archie Harris, took top honors in, the Big Ten Conference Outdoor Track Meet here today when he hurled the discus to a new American record of 174 feet, only 'one in?h short of the world’s record held by a German. The Cream and Crimson were victors in the meet, totalling 48 points in track and field events. Michigan placed second with 40% points. The Boilermakers fell down into * eighth place with 5 points, with Holderman, Weber and Rankin garnering the Gold and Black points. Capt. Holderman placed fourth in the mile run, big Jake Weber heaved into fifth place in the shotput and Dave Rankin copped fourth
in the low hurdles.
ASME Chooses Utley Chairman For '41-'42 University branch of American Society of Mechanical Engineers held their annual election of officers at the meeting last Tuesday. The following officers were elected: chairman, David A. Utley; secre-tary-treasurer, Kenneth W. Shaw; vice-chairmen, William S. Miller, George F. Topinka and Robert E. Weir. Professor H. A. Bolz was made honorary chairman. At the meeting a copy of the AS ME James Hartness biography was awarded to Charles M. Rockwood in recognition of his services to the branch as its secretary-treasurer
during 1940-1941. c.v.t.
Varsity Seconds Beat Ffosh, 9-7; Jim Rush Leads Hitting Attack Banging out nine timely hits, the varsity reserves shaded the freshman squad 9 to 7 yesterday afternoon in a slow moving ball game. The win yesterday enabled the reset ves to avenge the previous 8 to 1 drubbing administered to them by the Rhinie squad Thursday. ' Danowski and Potenza, starting first and second basemen for the reserves, were forced to retire from the game, due to slight leg injuries. Claseman Starts Claseman started on the mound for the reserves and yielded five hits which Were good for four runs, before giving away to Waterhouse in the seventh. Olds, third baseman for the Frosh squad, greeted big Wes with a^ three bagger. He then scored on the first of Waterhouse’s two balks.
I
Leading the reserves at the plate were Jim Rush, erstwhile football star, with three hits in his four trips at hat, and Waterhouse, also with three for four. Hipp, with three for four, and Olds, with two for two, were outstanding for the Rhinie squad: Cook, freshman second baseman who took Potenza’s place in' the reserve lineup, handled the keystone sack in fine fashion. Melton At Backstop Behind the plate for the reserves was Tommy Melton, co-captain of' next year’s football team. He has been out only a couple^ of weeks, but has been looking very good, j.s.d.
Freshmen Reserves
020 101 3024 021 X-
-7 8 6 -9 9 3
for the coming year. A program was given portraying the history of the Farm Management department. _ The outing was then closed with the initiation of all those who were not members into the Order of the Yellow Dog, a national Farm Management secret society. k.r. Just A Reminder ... to seniors that President and Mrs. E. C. Elliott will hold a reception at their home for all members of the class of ’41 from 3 till 5 o’clock this afternoon.
Frosh-Varsity
. . . tennis play as well as all campus tennis should be completed by Wednesday. The finals in both divisions will begin on Thursday.
M Schedules
BASEBALL ‘Monday, May-19 Diamond '* 1 Delta Tau Delta vs Sigma Chi 8 Theta Chi vs Winner (TKE vs Pi Kappa Alpha) 4 Winner (SPE vs Phi Sigma Kappa) vs Loser (TKE vs Pi Kappa Alpha) 7 Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 12 8 Cary Hall 3 vs Cary Hall 9 9. Cary Hall 7 vs Cary Hall 6 10 Cary Hall 4. vs Cary Hall 11
Sugar and Spice and Everything Nice and three Utth Dashes 0/
o| tLe T he wittiest trio you’ve ever seen! In packages inspired by the Gay Nineties’ Soda Fountain. Each conies wrapped like the quart of old fashioned ice aeam Father used t6 bring home. A delightful fretgrance... cool, exciting. And Raspberry Ice make-up^ a lush thrilling color to brighten your summer pastels. AASPBEBRY ICE COLOGNE Sl.BO RASPBERRY ICE FOAM BATH 1.60 RASPBERRY ICE DUSTINO POWDER... 1.00 RASPBERRY ICE CREME ROUGE ..$1.10—2.00 RASPBERRY ICE UPSTICK LOO—1.60 RASPBERRY ICE COMPACT ROUGE..... 1.10 c4cae6^
Natters Defeat Earlham After Beating lU Friday RICHMOND, Ind., May 17.—(Special to the Purdue Exponent)—^Definitely back in the win column again, the Boilermaker tennis squad came through with a smashing 6-1 victory over Earlham’s netters here today. The hosts were swamped easily by the Riveter invaders, who only lost one singles match. Coach Larry LaBree’s racquetmen were fresh from competitimi over at*Columbus, Ohio, Thursday, where they faced the Ohio State squad, and also the Cream and Crimson of Indiana, Friday, who were at Columbus to play the Buckeyes.
Came Back Strong In the Ohio matches, the Boilermakers lost to O. S. Ur in an early contest, but came back the next day with plenty of zip that pushed back Piggy Receives Invitation From Texas Coaches Coach Ward Lambert, Riveter basketball leader and dean of hardwood mentors jn both yeara^of service and accomplishments, continues to be m big demand as an instructor at various coaching schools over the country. Despite the fact that Lambert’s summer time is largely taken up with his teaching duties at the University’s own summer school, seldom a week passes without an invitation to appear before one or more coaching schools. Piggy was recently forced to decline an invitation to serve as chief instructor at the annual coaching school to be held at Denton, Texas, June 23-27.
the Hoosier opponents, 6-2. LaBree's boys won both of the doubles to cinch the meet, after holding-a slight 3-2 edge at the close of the singles competition. In the match with Earlham, the Boilermakers demonstrated their supremacy on the courts, and never •once were bbthered by the host team. To date the squad had a three-and-two record in Big Ten competition, winning from Illinois, Iowa, and Indiana, and losing only to the Ohio State and Michigan net squads. The Earlham victory made the compile Boilermaker season’s record lead 10 wins to only three losses. Summaries of the Earlham meet are as follows:
Summaries of the Earlham meet are as follows Singles: Wood (E) defeated Anderson (P) 6-0, 4-6, 8-6
Armstrong 6-8, 6-2.
(P) defeated Renshaw (E)
Lucht (P) defeated Barnard (E) 6-1, 6-3 Van Camp (P) defeated Johnson (E), 6-2, 6-2.
Richards (P) defeated Artwein (B) 6-1, 6-1. Doubles • Anderson and Lucht (P) defeated Wood and Barnard (E) 6-2, 6-3. Van Camp and Armstrong (P) defeated Jol^nson and Renshaw, 6-3, 6-4.
Divots^ Dubs, Par
University Coif 25 Tee Oil Fer
By John Keeler
One freshman, one sophomore, and one senior here at the University immortalized themselves yesterday morning when they became the first golfers to play on the new University links just west of the stadium. Frank Perkins, Arthur Schlueter and Charles Leber were the lucky trio, and they, as did others proclaimed the course tough, but a lot of fun to play.
Will Expand
A total of 25 golfers played the nine holes in the morning, most of them averaging ansrwhere from 42 to 46 strokes. These University links, which are temporarily open only to the student body, will at some time in the future consist of 18 holes. At present, they are but half that and a charge of 25 cents is made for the rounds In the process of construction for several years, the present nine holes, and the next nine also have been gone over with a fine tooth comb by some of the foremost of the country’s course designers. During the last two sessions of the Golf Clinic held here at the University, most of the professionals present expressed the opinion that, when
Course Opens; Opening Round
finished, these links would compare favorably witli any other in this section of the country. Bring Your Passport It is to be emphasized that a passport is necessary to permit the student to purchase a ticket to play on the course. The tickets themselves can be had qither on the first tee or at the ticket office in the Fieldhouse. Just in case there may be some who haven’t heard where the first tee is, it is just west of the present, well worn, three hole practice course next to Cary Hall. It is hoped that work will be far enough along on the second nine holes to enable them to be opened up to the student body late in this coming summer. There is still much left to do on them, however, although they are now well over hnlf completed. When they are finished, linksmen of the Riveter campus will be able to play afternoons on an easily accessible course and, perhaps, give Coach Harry Allspaw of the golf squad a break by developing themselves into potential varsity material for Conference competition.
Why Spoil. . . an otherwise gooid time— by neglecting to have yonr suit fresh and clean as new?
Sanitone Cleaning removes perspiration odors and stains.
Phone for Pick-Up 1 American IlSI NORTHWEyimtN AYK.
CUMMWt
■'’•f, ie-
"I® *6.* 1
%
vMfS^aqsL If - 'Ssinafud,
Sunday, May 18/ 1941
fijVuitJUL ^xpomnL
ScholarshiprAdivity
Honors Given At Cary
Club Banquet May 14
Awards were presented to Cary Club members outstanding in scholarship and extra-cui'ricular activities at the annual Cary Club banquet last Wednesday evening. President E. C. Elliott, in his address to the banquet, stressed physical fitness as an essential of achievement. Scholastic Awards Francis E. Reese, ChE, with a scholastic index of 6.05 won,the Fisher Scholarship Award, offered by Dean M. L. Fisher to the senior with the highest cumulative index. The Potter Scholarship Improvement Award, offered by Dean A. A. Potter to the senior who has improved the most from his frfeshman year to his senior year, was won by Joseph A. Zumberg, ME ’41, whose index last semester was 1.31 higher than his freshman index. The Potter Freshman Scholarship Award, offered by Dean Potter to the highest ranking halls freshman at the end of nine weeks of the second semester, was won by Franklyn Levin, Sc., with an index of 5.98. Activities Awards The Stewart Service Award, offered by Controller R. B. Stewart to the senior outstanding in Cary Club activities, was won by Brage Golding, ChE. The Spitzer Literary Award, established by the late Prof. George Spitzer for the senior outstanding in literary work, was won by Edwin C. Aldrich, ChE. The Elliott Intercollegiate Athletic Award, offered by President E. C. Elliott to the outstanding senior, was won by Charles A. Siler, ME, captain of the swimming team. Merit Awards Cary Merit Awards were given to the senior in each hall outstanding in scholarship and extra-curricular activities. The following men won these awards: Brage Golding, East Hall; William D. Knepper, North Hall; Bert Bohlin, Northwest Hall; Charles A. Siler, West Hall; Oliver W. Brackman, Division A, South Hallj John W. Post, Division B, South Hall; Robert Mullet,'Division C, South Hall and Prances E. Reese, Division D, South Hall.
5 Speech Students Will Read Cuttings
From Recent Plays
Professor H. Kenn Carmichael’s Speech 60 class will read cuttings from modern Broadway plays each afternoon this week in room 261 of the Union. Subject of the class is interpretative reading, and these cuttings are the major projects of the semester for each student. The readings will be about one hour in length, with the student taking the part of all the characters, also giving stage directions. The schedule is: Monday, 4 p. m., Mary Alice Miller reading “There Shall Be No Night”; Tuesday, 4 p. m., Lansing Hinrichs, “On Borrowed Time”; Wednesday, 4 p. m., Vinton Taylor, “The Little Foxes”; Thursday, 4 p. m., Joe Kalbfleish, reading “The Male Animal”; Friday, 5 p. m., Jene Pechin Lybault, “The Philadelphia Story.” Meetings will be regular class sessions, but anyone interested in attending is invited, m.j.f.
Music Room Will Present
Duo-Pianists Today At 4
For the girl graduate. Southworth’s has numerous gifts, jewelry, perfumes, etc., from which you can make your selection; for the men you’ll want to look at the special Gem electric razor, reduced in ^price from $15.75 to $5.95—a reol bargain. For both, see the new Parker 51 pen. It’s specially constructed to use a Magic-ally-quick-drying ink. Kind of expensive, but well worth it. And don’t forget to look at the graduate greeting cards at Southworth’s. S-T-S At the Foster Shop you’ll find a complete selection of lovely sts!tionery and note paper. And among the countless other i gifts you’ll find at the Foster Shop, I’d like to suggest the rubberized bags for traveling or the beach that are equipped with make-up jars, quilted satin sets that include hosiery and kleenex boxes and hangers, and a charming new liquid sachet that comes in five scents. All these items are most reasonably priced. S-T-S The answer to a maiden’s prayer —the new Chen Yu nail polish at Loeb’s. This amazing new chipproof lacquer for the nails comes in seventeen mysterious oriental shades. It is resistant to chipping and peeling and is as lustrous and beautiful as the ancient Chinese lacquer from which it is copied. It sounds good and it IS good; you can buy it for 75 cents at Loeb’s. S-T-S What’s the easiest way to review—the best way to crack those tough finals ? Why, by studying the College Outline Books that you’ll find at Deac’s. These is a book for almost every course, and each one contains the whole course in a nutshell. Cost? 75 cents or a dollar . . . buy them at Deac’s,
There are lots of gift ideas to be found at the notion counter at The Fashion. Here you’ll find clever new jewelry . . . crystal I lapel gadgets, clips, and pearl necklaces ^ and bracelets. Also, Whiting Davis mesh evening bags in gold, silver or white and a clever new barrel-shaped purse fashioned from sail-cloth covered with bamboo cane. These, and many more at The Fashion.
S-T-S-
Any girl graduate would love to receive a summer handbag—and particularly one from the fine assortment of colorful bags at Palais Royal. Straws, varied leathers, novelty cottons in stripes and other unusual designs . . . take your pick. And you needn’t worry, they’re easy on your own pocketbook, these summer handbags at Palais Royal.
S-T-S
Now, more than ever, you’ll want to own a Will Bi'adley record. You
should especially go for “Think of Me”, . . . his theme song. You can get it at the Foster Shop, where you’ll also find Count Basie’s newest re-
cording, “Feedin’ the ‘Bean’ ”, featuring Coleman Hawkins on the sax. Another Foster Shop record tliat should appeal to you is the
Victor 12 inch recording of T. Dorsey an(i the boys playing “Without a Song.” S-T-S Summer time is right with Us, and you fellows will need plenty of those comfort
iS
able sport shirts from Ge,isler’s. Rover and Hollywood Rogue shirts come in all colors as well as in stripes and tweeds. They’re priced at one dollar and up at Geisler’s. S-T-S You tennis enthusiasts should be interested in the bargain on rackets at the University Book Store . . . you can buy any of their last year’s tennis rackets at a 40% discount from the list price. Wright Ditson rackets and balls are sold at the University Book Store . . . the balls are 45 cents or 3 for $1.25. Better get equipped right away! S-T-S I’ve talked a lot about spring and summer clothes and events— now, here’s just a word about spring iand summer ap[petites. At the •Union Cafeteria you’ll find fresh, tasty foods that appeal to the choosiest of diners. For meals that satisfy, eat at the Union Cafeteria.
Dr. Grabow Will Address Forestry Club Tuesday Dr. Rudolph Grabow, supervisor of the Hoosier Purchase Unit at Bedford, will speak at the Forestry Club meeting to be held Tuesday night at 7:30 in the Horticulture building. Dr. Grabow will talk on “Economics of Forestry in Southern Indiana as Related to Local Use.” Refreshments will be served at the meeting, a.c.
Will BBADIU BN BICBBB • 36101 Tea for Two Think of Me • 36082 Call Me a Taxi Shadows in the Night • 36014 It's Square But It Rocks Prarieland Lullaby BOOKS ABOOT MOSIC The Record Book—Hall $3.50 Who Is Who in Music— 1941 Edition $3.95 Music On the Air— Kinscella $1.79 %
The University of North Carolina polled dormitory residents to get their preference on new furniture as well as their ratings on the meals served and the janitor service.
SWING SHOP
308-10 STATE ST. WEST LAFAYETTE, IND.
Union Music Room will present another program this afternoon at 4 o’clock. Mrs. Charles Schwarm and Mrs. Adam Mackay, duo-pian-ists from Cincinnati, graduates of the Cincinnati Conservatory of Music, will play. The program i§ divided into five parts. The first part will consist of Musetta by Bach-Gorne, Minuet by ' Bizet, Gavotte by von Gluck, and Sonata by Clementi. Rondo alia Turka by Mozart, Alt Wein by Go-, dowsky, and Wedding March by Wagner comprise the second part. A single selection. The Story of Ginevra by Coolidge, comprises the third part. The .fourth part will include Country Dance by Grainger, C Major Sonata, 1941 by Mozart, apd Deep Purple by De Rose. The program will be concluded with Danse Macabre by Saint Saens.
IT WON’T BE LONG NOW
Why not get that picnic going?
CHARTER A BUS-IT’S FUN
Phone 3475
LAFAYEHE TRANSIT CO.. Inc.
Dr. George D. Scarseth
Will Address Chi Epsilon
I found so-o-o-o many items during this week’s shopping tour ... such things as graduation gifts (and it’s high time you thought about them), exam outline booklets, and summer equipment. I know you’re pretty busy these days, but spare just a few moments to look at some of these items.
Following the formal initiation of pledges at 6:30 tomorrow night, Chi Epsilon, Civil Engineering honorary, willjhiold a banquet at 6 o’clock in room, 366-363 of the Union. Allen L. Sams, president 6f Chi Epsilon, will preside at th4 banquet. The welcome will be given by Jesse E. Fant, ’41, and the response will be given by Harry H. Truitt, ’42. Dr. George D. Scarseth of the Agronomy department, will address the banquet. Dr. Scarseth will tell of his experiences while working for the United Fruit Company in Central America. The lecture will be illustrated with colored slides.
Letters To The Editor
Weiley Foundation To Hold Annual Retreat Tomorrow
Tomorrow Wesley Foundation members will hold their annual retreat for all council and committee members at the Bright Lodge at Battle Ground, Transportation will be provided, cars leaving the Foundation House at 8:30 o’clock in the morning and returning at 4 o’clock. Rev. McFadden will preach an outdoor church service at 11:16 o’clock. Plans for next fall will also be discussed. A picnic and softball game will follow the retreat services. a.c.
To The Editor: *■ Student honor is a subject that should receive more attention than just talk. When we freshmen first came in, the little booklet “Honesty” was handed to each one of us. Inspired by the straight forward talk within its covers we all had a vision of a school in which •the students would at l^st be given a chance to develop their sense of honor. What do we find ? The honor, system places the students one seat apart and provides enough proctors to guard the average bank. When the student graduates he goes into a world in which there is enough lack of honor. Why not give him a chance to develop some of this rare factor along with book knowledge ? Other schools can do it, why not Purdue ? Yours for a Purdue Honor System, J. D. Small, Pharm. ’44.
Flat chests are a sign of physical superiority rather than weakness according to research experiments conducted by Dr. S. A. Weisman of the University of Minnesota,
Because John B. Waite, professor of criminal law at the University of Michigan is a bow tie adict, 100 of the 130 freshmen in one of his classes showed up wearing bows.
The glass flower exhibit at Harvard university has been modernized with fluorescent lighting to bring out the natural colors.
Production of art pottery in the U. S. is a $6,000,000 industry according to the latest census figures.
cool . . . comfortable
tailored to your individual measurements from a large selection of patterns
' " tailor
phone 6030
hotel fowler
RELAX!
In crisp, cool clothes th^t have been cleaned at WEST SIDE — they will give you that clean, refreshed feeling. \
DIAL 4081 FOR WEST SIDE SERVICE
The Lowest Prices Quality "Permits^!
Northwestern at Vine
Phone 4081