>*^? ~-jrf f Y^i, ^'' f7"' ’’ %
V-#* ■‘■^
C t
News ,2l W eek
Congress Slashes WPA Allotments. Grand Jury Indicts Comedian Jack Benny. Premiers Make No Commitments. ^ Limit Raised; Older Spanish Men Prepare For Service. Don Budge Wins First Match With Ellsworth Vines. Munitions Reports Blacklist Japan.
WASHINGTON
Slashings . . .
... and tongue lashings were the order of the week in Washington as the unruly 76th Congress struck its first major snag ... WPA allotment. F.D.R. got out the pencil and decided it would take exactly $875,000,000 to tide WPA over until June 30. The House appropriations sub-committee heard New York’s LaGuardia state that this figure was some $40,000,000 too low. After listening to other official opinions, however, the econ-omy-minded subcommittee turned the tables on the president and not only refused to listen to the higher bids, but proceeded to lop off $150,000,000 of F.D.R.’s original figure. Early yesterday the House passed a bill to this effect.
A flood of caustic sarcasm flowed from the White House upon receipt of the news concerning the action of the committee. Eoosevelt stated that when he recommended $876,000,000 he was “thinking in terms of human beings and not in terms of dollars.” _ WPA officials estimate that this /, slash, if enacted, will mean the laying off of some 460,000 men. Simultaneous with this move G. 0. P. House members recommended that the House adopt an amendment to reduce the entire appropriation until an inquiry could be held to establish a comprehensive congressional
policy on WPA.
Executive Fingers . . . . . . took up the same pencil again Thursday, this time to ask Congress for $662,000,000 with which to inaugurate an emergency national defense program. Roosevelt cubbyholed $300,000,000 of this figure for army air corps expansion alone. He proposed a minimum increase of 3,000 planes in the air corps defense. In his message he pleaded for “non-partisan support for action to protect the liberties of the U. S.” “Changing world conditions outside of the western hemisphere,” he continued, “make it imperative that we take immediate steps for the
protection of our liberties.” He reported that the U. S. is relatively no better prepared today than in 1917 when it took a year from the time of the declaration of war for the troops to reach the front line trenches. In this, the largest peace time request in the nation's history, $27,000,000 was asked for the purpose of pi oviding an adequate peace garrison for the Panama Canal. The remainder will go to the navy for “much needed improvements,” Frankfurter . . . . . . assumed a new and different significance in the vocabular reportoir of the nation this week. Felix Frankfurter, 56-year-old Harvard law professor and nominee of F. D. R. for the now-vacant supreme court post, was given the stamp of approval by the Senate judiciary sub-committee. Branded as radical, communistic, and a left winger by Senator Borah, Allen Zoll, and Mrs. Elizabeth Hilling, author of a recent book on the wave of communism in the U. S., the nominee willingly accepted the committee’s invitation to appear before it and state his case. He outlined his connection with the American Civil Liberties Union and said he consistently had insisted that all should receive equal rights under the constitution. Frankfurter also testfied that he had supported the rights of the Ku Klux Klan members and Nazi sympathizers to enjoy constitutional guarantees of free speech and free assembly. BUSINESS Annual Munitions Reports ... , . . submitted by Secretary Hull last week to the Senate, blacklist Japan, prevent her from buying either airplanes or bombs in this country. The ban, which went into effect January 1, cited Japan because her army bombed civilian population in China. The ban includes all countries whose armed forces bomb civilians, but thus far^apan-and“Spain-are the only countries engaged in such practices. Spain was also blacklisted in a special embargo act in 1937. This does not affect China however, since last week the Chinese government placed an order for 200 bombing planes with the Bellanca Aircraft corporation. Gasoline Taxes . . . ... last year amounted to $970,000,(Continued on page 2)
Purdue Exponent
grIM
Lafayette, Indiana
SUNDAY
January 15,193d
Vol. 50
No. 93
Iowa 48, Boilermakers 41
Hawkeyes Dim Riveter Title Hopes/ Retain Early Lead Throughout Contest
Dean C. W. Gilkey Will Build'Bridges
Into Better World'
This morning at 10:30, Dean Charles W. Gilkey of the University of Chicago chapel will speak at the Convocation for Religious Worship on “Bridges
Into A Better World.”
Dean Gilkey’s appearance at the convocation will be his third on the campus in recent years. He gave the baccalaureate address to the 1935 graduating class and addressed one of last year’s religious convo-
cations.
A native of Watertown, Mass., Dean Gilkey received his bachelor’s degree from Harvard in 1903 and a master’s degree in philosophy a year later. While an undergraduate, he became a member of Delta Upsilon, social fraternity, and Phi Beta Kappa, national scholastic honorary. Popular Lecturer Since completing his academic work. Dean Gilkey has led a varied life in educational and religious circles. For several years he was chaplain and teacher in many universities and colleges both in this country and Europe. In recent years, he has been a member of the Board of Trustees and the faculty at the University of Chicago. In 1924 he served as Barrows lecturer to the student centers of India. During these lectures he addressed audiences totaling 40,000 at Bombay, Lucknow, Calcutta, Rangoon, and Madras. In 1928 he resigned from the Board of Trustees of the University of Chicago to take up the post as dean of the chapel there. Both the regular 150 voice University choir and the smaller 30 voice echo group, with A. P.\ Stewart directing will assist at the convocation today. The choirs will sing for processional “Holy, Holy, Holy.” The anthems included in the program will be “Cherubim Song No. 7” by Bortniasky and “Thee We Adore” by Dubois.
Rural Youth Sessions End Ag Meetings In making preparations for the founding of a home one must consider the prospective mate’s health, family background, likeness, character, and the degree of fascination, “does he make ybur heart stand still,” stated Dr. Frank D. Slutz, nationally known lecturer and personnel director, to the Rural Youth of Indiana yesterday morning in the final session of their twoday meeting, and also the last session of the 36th annual Agricultural Conference. ^ Russian Example “Russia could provide us with a laboratory manual to support the philosophy that weaker homes are bad. Strong homes are the backbone of the nation!” continued the Doctor who gained twenty years of experience as well as many degrees from the Ohio State University. Prof. Harry F. Ainsworth, associate state 4-H Club leader and in general charge of the youth conference, presided at the meeting and introduced the speaker. A. P. Stewart, University music director, led the future generation of America in group singing. “I greatly appreciate the cooperation and fine spirit of everybody on the campus,” explained Prof. W. F. Graham, superintendent of the Ag Conference. “It was the largest and best conference we have ever had—all the sessions were well attended; the home economics schools showed a decided increase in attend(Continued on page 4) AIEE Sponsors Movie Tuesday Sponsored by AIEE, a film, “Seeing the Unseen,” will be shown Tuesday at 4 p. m« in room 254 of the Electrical Engineering Building, This film, which has been obtained through the courtesy of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Alumni Association, shows pictures taken by the latest methods in high speed photography that have been developed in experiments at
M. I. T.
Exposures of one millionth of a second obtained by the new process disclose the compression of a football when it is kicked, and the moving wings of a humming bird..Both of these movements have never before been visible to the human eye. The meeting will be open to the
public.
Pianist Eames Teaches Music Because He Feels It Is Part Of Human Thinking
By W. A. Kepner “My,friend Henry Puimort Eames is an American musician of real talent and a remarkable ability. His superior general education and his unusual firmness of character greatly add to his authority.” said Paderewski of his friend and former pupil Dr. Henry P. Eames, one of America’s foremost educators in music and its literary and philosophical relationships, “Indiana seems to me a place of old familiarity,” said Dr. Eames yesterday, “and I am glad of the oppoft*rtiity to be here.” Since a num"iSif^f ^ear^agb^whgrrhe accepted his position with Scripps College, Claremont, Cal., his only chance to be back again in Chicago, his former home and to among his friends in the middle west, has been through his piano-recital tours. We Show Interest Dr. Eames chose to make Purdue a part of his recital itinerary because he feels that Purdue folks have taken a positive interest in mu-
sic and development of musical talent, as well as to have made much progiess in the appreciation of the finest classical works. Dr. Robert McCutcheon, Dean of Men, DePauw Univeisity, has spoken very highly to his friend, Dr. Eames of the work of Directoi Stewart and his University Choii, and of the intei est shown by patrons of music at the University to the extent that the Music Hall, a mastei piece of its kind, is
being built.
When asked about his reaction toward the place of music in our modei'n woild, which has been classified as a ‘scientific universeHDr. Eames said, “Whether we consciously realize what the development of the process of thought is, we may be sure that one of the most essential elements of that thought is musical. Natural Pastime Music has been described by the laymen as a natural pastime. We sing, and singing comes to us naturally. We listen to a musical pro(Continued on page 4)
Gimlet Will Sponsor Wire Account Of lit Game Monday Night Following the policy started with the Iowa game last night, the Gimlet Club will again sponsor the recreation of the Boilermaker out-of-town court battles with the amplification of a play-by-play report on the Indiana-Purdue game at Bloomington tomorrow. The game will be described in the Fieldhouse tomorrow night at 7:15 p. m. through the facilities offered by a special wire from Bloomington. Before the amplification gets underway, two unannounced basketball teams will battle to provide entertainment for the assembling crowd. This announcement was released yesterday afternoon by Director of Athletics Noble Kizer. As in yesterday’s recreation, the Fieldhouse will be open to all students, staff members, and townspeople, and admission will be free of charge. Underlying purpose behind the Gimlet Club’s sponsorship of these out-of-town games is to keep University and townspeople in touch with the team on the road when the games are not being broadcast over a station within range of Lafayette. Eames Will Discuss Wagner's Works, Life In Music Room “Wagner: The Man and His Music,” will be the theme of the program arranged by the music room and the Student Union this afternoon at 4 in the Union ballroom. Dr. H. P. Eames, professor of musical art and aesthetics at Scripps College in Claremont, Calif., will discuss the dramatic life of the great master of music and will illustrate his lecture by selections on the piano. Eames was a pupil of Ignace J. Paderewski in piano and of the late W. S. B. Matthews in piano and composition. For the past two summer sessions he has been giving public piano-lectures and liberal art lecture courses in aesthetics at the University of California, Berkeley. Now on national tour, Eames will stop here to discuss the life and the works of Wagner and will play many of his famous compositions. University officials invite the public to attend. Eames will play the following compositions of Wagner’s. Prayer—Rienzi (1840). Elsa’s Dream—Lohengrin (1848). Entrance oT the Gods Into Valhalla —Rheingold (1864). Siegmund’s Love Song—^The Valkyrie (1856). Dreams—^Tristan and Isolde (1869). Bells of Mt. Sal vat—Parsifal (1879) Wotan’s Farewell and Magic Fire Scene—^The Valkyrie. Piano transcriptions are by Franz
Liszt.
Learning Announces Hours During Finals Co-ed hours were announced yesterday by Mary Alice Learning, ~WSGA president Eleven Vclbck hours will be enforced all during finals, Friday and Saturday, Jan-uai-y 27 and 28 will be 1 o’clock nights. The following Sunday, Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday will be twelve o’clock nights. Freshmen are allowed to have social engagements on these nights. Starting on Thursday night, Febi-uary 2, the regular hours will ag^ain come into
effect.
Iowa City, la., Jan. 14.—(Special)—^Boilermaker Big Ten basketball championship hopes received a severe shock here tonight as the Hawkeyes surprised the defending champions, holding them in check until too late in the game for the Gold and Black to recover, and handing Purdue a 49-41 defeat.
It was the first loss for the Boilermakers and the first victory for the Hawkeyes, who have lost both to Wisconsin and Minnesota. The Boilermakers now have one victory and one loss in the conference. Ben Stephens, Iowa scoring ace, made 12 points, but Rlett, Hawkeye center, caused the visitors as much trouble as Stephens by making five baskets and two free throws. Iowa took four shots to the Boilermakers’ one before either team Scored, Dickinson breaking the ice with a free throw. Igney, Fisher, Weber, Anderson, Beretta, and Herschelman each made one basket in the first half for the Boilermaker total from the field while the Hawkeyes were sinking twice that many, 12. At one point in the first half the scored was tied 6-5, but from then on it was all Iowa, the Boilermakers never drawing any closer
than two points.
After the score was 10-8 in favor of the Hawkeyes, the Boilermakers scored only three points while Iowa was piling up 15 more. The half ended with Iowa ahead 28-17. The home team continued to draw away as the second half progressed, going into a 17 point lead with nine minutes to go. A spirited rally led by Captain Gene Anderson gained much of the ground back for the Boilermakers, but the final gun was fired with the Gold and Black still eight points behind. Baskets by Beretta, Anderson, and Herschelman were made in the last 30 seconds of
the game.
Theatre Names Armitage, Hewitt As Managers Bob Hewitt, ME ’41, has been chosen manager of the new Laboratory Theatre, according to Gilbert Dunbar Williams, associate director of Playshop, and director of the new group. Aiding Hewitt as assistant manager will be Jack Armitage, who recently starred in the title role of
“Dracula.”
Two plays are to be presented by the Theatre soon after the beginning of next semester. Students interested in directing these productions should meet with Williams tomorrow afternoon between 3:30 and 4:30 at the Playshop
office in Fowler Hall.
Laboratory Theatre is an experimental division of Playshop. It is an outgrowth of the old Tower Theatre, which formerly presented plays m the Union Tower room, but has been inactive for the past year.
To Present Winning Plays
The new group plans to present several productions this year under the supervision of Williams. In ^addition to one act plays and experimental scenes from long plays, it will produce the winning drama of the annual Southworth Script con-
test.
Opening pertormance of the season will be a presentation of “The Lighthouse Keepers,” a weird tragedy by Paul Cloquemin, and “J. Smith and Wife,” a fantasy of the beyond by Charles Tazewell. They will be presented one night only, February 28, at 7:30 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. Williams has announced that he is anxious to locate stage crew members and actors for these plays, as well as student directors. No duplication of Playshop officials or personnel will be permitted in Laboratory Theatre, however. As in Playshop, a 3.6 scholastic average is necessary for participation in this activity.
Minnesota and Ohio State are now the only two undefeated Big Ten teams with the Gophers on top with three victories and Ohio State second with two wins. Minnesota beat Michigan last night for the thirteenth straight Gopher victory in competition with conference opponents and their nineteenth straight win over a period which includes two seasons, both conference and non-conference games. (Continued on page 3)
Ten Games
Minnesota 35, Michigan 21. Ohio State 38, Northwestern 33. Illinois 43, Chicago 33. Indiana 48, Wisconsin 19.
'3 O'clock In The Morning" Nothing Like A Warm Shower, Shave To Put Pepper In You By Diogenes , .
It was 3 a. m. and he knew he should hurry, but then, he must have reasoned, appearance comes first. So he stripped and stepped into a warm shower. Refreshed and quite cleansed, he left the shower, plugged in an electric razor and shaved. Then, looking through the overadequate racks of clothes, he picked out the suit he liked best and leisurely dressed. Putting on the finishing touches, he took a watch from the dresser, glanced at it and slid it into his vest pocket. Adorning himself with other jewelry, he slipped into new-looking overcoat
and prepared to leave.
In Style Now?
Throwing five extea suits, an extra overcoat, several cameras, and a few other things he thought he might need into several gladstone
bags, he left.
Not without finances, however. On the way out of the house he picked up about $32 to tide him over. Once outside the house he crawled into a green ’37 automobile and drove off. This wouldn’t be news except for one or two little facts. (1) It was not his rooming house. (2) It wasn’t his razor he shaved with—although that’s not unusual in a fraternity and it DID happen in a fraternity. (3)”Tfie ^ts^riOT’f^his.“(4J”Neither was the watch. (6) Nor the overcoat. (6) Nor the camera or the gladstone bags, or the car!
' It’s A Pleasure
But the pleasiu-e was his! All his, according to (she boys at the Sigma Nu house where the little drama took place. They don't like to have a thief enter their house at S in the
(Continued on page 4)
“A 1
\£dihfdaL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
J-SidWlSLA,
Sunday, January 15,1939
NEWS of the WEEK
(Continued fi’om page 1) 000, setting a new record despite declining business conditions throughout the nation. 1938’s tax represents a $213,000,000 increase over the 1937 figures, an announcement from the Automobile Manufacturers Association revealed. With a motor vehicle registration of 29,400,000 in 1938, every car operated paid approximately $33 in gasoline taxes. Federal, state, and local taxes brought this to a $52 total for each vehicle. Federal Trade . . . . . . Commission last week accused the United States Rubber Company of unlawful price discrimination in the sale of automobile tires. The commission charged that the U. S. Rubber Co., through subsidiaries, sold to certain purchasers large quantities of special brand tires at lower prices than it charged other purchasers for tires of a like grade and quality bearing its own brands. President and chairman of the Company, F. B. Davis, said, “we have always endeavored to conduct our business in accordance with the law.” The company has 20 days in which to answer, and Davis said that he was confident that the commission will approve of the company’s practices; Silver Buying . . . . . . on the part of the Federal government has been a definite failure, Handy and Harmon, America’s foremost gold and silver dealers said last week. These authorities predict that Congress will repeal the Silver Purchase Act of 1935 which has cost moi-e than a billion dollars. Handy and Harmon maintained that the program has made little progress toward its original goal:— stabilizing the nation’s silver stocks at 25 per cent of the monetary value of its gold holdings. NATIONAL Nicaraguan Commercial ... ... attache Albert N. Chaperau, this week faced Federal grand jury charges for a smuggling conspiracy with Jack Benny, radio comedian. Indictments alleged that the two had evaded custom duties on $2,131 worth of jewelry. Benny pleaded “Not Guilty,” was released on $1,000 bail; Chaperau’s attorney indicated that the smuggler would “help the government” in further investigation of Broadway and Hollywood smuggling activities. American Quakers ... . . . sponsoring a movement for the support of Jewish emigrants from Germany, have been promised “fullest coopei'ation’’ from the Reich government. Under present plans, 150,000 heads of German families would be sent to “transient camps” outside Germany, pending establishment of permanent colonies. Authorities concede that there are 400,000 nonAryans in need of assistance in the Fatherland today. A Free Man ... ■ . . . after 22 years imprisonment, Tom Mooney declared this week that he would spend the remaining years of his life in a campaign to unite labor in the United States. Crowds estimated at 100,000 cheered Mooney when he reached San Francisco from Sacramento, where he was unconditionally pardoned by Governor Culbert L. Olson. Governor Olson was afterwards sent to a hospital, suffering from nervous exhaustion. Mooney, a former labor agitator, was convicted in 1916 of participating in the San Francisco Pieparedness Day bombing in which 10 pei’sons lost their lives and 40 were wounded. SPORTS Lawn Tennis Enthusiasts . . . . . . have argued for a year or more over the possibility that Donald Budge, former Avorld’s No. 1 amateur, could beat Ellsworth Vine's, world’s No. 1 professional. Ten days ago in Manhattan’s Madison Square Gai'den, the Budge backhand finally met the Vines foi'ehand. Seventeen thousand tennis addicts paid up to $7.70 to see the opening match of the 70-city Budge vs. Vines professional tour. They watched Budge serve his first ball— his first stroke under lights, indoors, for renumeration. It landed three feet over Vines’ baseline.
In the following 60 minutes, Budge, playing below his best, made Vines, the Veteran, look a chump, trounced him, 6-3, 6-4, 6-2. Assured now that Budge could match Vines’ strokes, racquet enthusiasts started to argue anew: Could Budge beat Vines in the 70match series ? At week’s end Budge had a 4-3 lead over Vines. Multi-millionaire ... . . . Col. Jacob Ruppert, New York’s outstanding sportsman and owner of Gotham’s Yankee baseball club, died Friday at his Fifth avenue home at the age of 71 following months of illness with a lingei’ing malady. Col. Ruppert was a millionaire many times over, a brewer of national renown and possessed a priceless library and art collection. But the source of his greatest pleasure was the team that so thoroughly dominated the baseball 'world—the Yankees. Baseball’s Fictitious ... . . . 1938 honor team was: chosen by the Baseball Writers’ Association of America last week with 249 experts selecting 84 candidates for the squad. Members on the team are: outfielders, St. Louis Cardinal Joe Medwick. New York Yankee Joe DiMaggio, New York Giant Mel Ott; infielders, Boston Red Sox Jimmy Foxx, Detroit Tiger Charley Gehringer. Red Sox Joe Cronin, Yankee Robert Rolfe; catcher, Yankee Bill Dickey; pitchers, Yankees Charley Ruffing and Vernon Gomez, Cincinnati Red Bob Vander Meer. FOREIGN British and Italian ... ... premiers concluded their formal discussions of Europe’s future in Rome Thursday. No commitment was made by either side. Neither Britain’s Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain nor Italy’s Mussolini made any deal to settle the problems, which include Italy’s demands on France for concessions in Africa and her attitude toward the Spanish civil war. . Max Schmeling ... ... former world heavyweight boxing champion, and his wife, Anny Ondra, German motion picture actress, were held for questioning by Nazi authorities diu’ing the first part of the week, it was reported. The trouble arose from the fighter’s discussion in public of Nazi Propaganda Minister Paul Joseph Goebbels’ affair with Lida Baarova, film actress, in which Schmeling was supposed to have said: “It’s a lucky thing for Dr. Goebbels that he never tried to play with Anny because I would have broken his neck.” Goebbels demanded the couple’s arrest, but Fuehrer Adolph Hitler refused to allow it.
Widespread Rioting ^ . . . . . was reported in Tula, Russian industrial city of 200,000 persons 106 miles south of Moscow, as 30,000 employees of the state munitions factory showed displeasure of the new work card system. ' The work card decree, one of the most unpopular measures ever introduced in -Russia, gives factory managers unlimited authority to discharge or imprison workers and evict families for tai'diness, absence, drunkenness, and other offenses. WAR “To The ColofS” . . . . . . summoned Spain’s Barcelona government Thursday, . and thousands of older men prepared for service at the front as the age limit raised firora 38 to 45 years. Yesterday rebel forces stormed hastily constructed government defenses only 12 miles from Tarrangona, immediate goal of Franco’s current drive on Barcelona. Last week on the Barcelona front rebel forces took towns Montblanch, Moralla Nueva, Falset, and, Tortosa in quick succession. Success of the rebels’ drive from Montblanch and Falset would drive a new “wedge to the sea,” isolating thousands of loyalists defending the Tortosa sector between the Ebro river and the Mediteri’anean. Battle for Catalonia has developed into greatest of the war, with an estimated 350,000 government soldiers, and 300,000 fighting for insurgent Generalissimo Franco. In 20 days of fighting, rebel troops have taken 1,200 square miles of territory, 125 towns and villages, and more than 30,000 prisoners. In their “drive to the sea” last yeai’, rebel forces split loyalist Spain into two sections; Catalonia on the north, and Estremadure, now 80 miles south from Catalonia along the Mediterranean coast. In Estremadure ... . , . southwest,-loyalists continue to advance in their counter-offensive movement. Tuesday they brought under artillery fire the main railroad between northern and southern insurgent Spain. Official rebel dispatches declared Franco would not weaken his offensive in Catalonia by , withdrawing large forces to meet the loyalist army 400 miles away. Twenty Chinese ... ... airplanes yesterday sank two Japanese warships off the Bocca Tigris Forts on the Canton river in southern China. Meanwhile, 14 more planes destroyed Japanese batteries and shot down Jap planes at Kongmoon, south of Canton. American ... . . . Luthern church at Shasi, Hupeh province, was demolished and five persons killed when a lone Japanese plane dropped two bombs in the town’s' main street Tuesday. No Americans were believed to be among the casualties.
DRAMA THUNSEKS MM THE SCREEN ...when two-gun Wally clashes with two-fisted Bob... in t^ mighty advents of brave me;n t^t women could love! 1939's "Mutiny <m the Bounty!"
EXTRA-
ROBERT
BENCHLEY 'How to Watch Football"
STARTS TODAY
K
Informed campusers suggest that an information bureau be set up for Don FOUST, WBAA~chatterer, to help him obtain names of all the gals in the sweet shop. His present inquiries keep waitresses terribly busy.. Perhaps what he needs is a “Man in the Sweet Shop” program. DON’S “Lobby Interviewer” broadcast this week seemed to be an effective way of getting acquainted. What a microphone won’t do to some girls . . . my, my. A tour of the Lafayette taverns Friday night revealed none of the swimming team members among those present. Guess the boys have revised their training schedule a little since Florida vacation where as high as four of the lads took their swimming training in the Bar room at one time. The boys at 125 Waldron, who WILL be boys, last night made a wonderful snow-woman. Now they would like to know the identity of the five girls who clothed the cold beauty in a costume composed, mainly of a bra and a bit of a formal. Here’s how the co-eds at the University of Illinois are rated for popularity. The score only goes down to 25 points. Below 10 means you go to Purdue. 0 points for girl telephone calls. 2 points for a letter from the boy at home. 5 points for local male telephone call. 7 points for long distance male telephone call. 8 points for week-end date. 10 points for first major dance date. 15 points for first fraternity dance bid. 35 points for first fraternity pin., If you can average 50 points a week you are a real queen. 45 points and you can think you are a queen. 40 points, you are a good girl. 35 points,.you still have a chance. 30 points, you still rate above a real crock. Under 25 points, the girls may still like you. Let us know how you are doing girls and don’t take this too seriously??
MaUI
NOW SHOWING DOUBLE FEATURE
wifh RUTH DONNELLY BRADLEY PA6E Its First RALPH FORBES FRANCES MERCER
PLUS
Two Lovers Battling in Swing Time! WAYNE MORRIS PRISCILLA LANE in "LOVE, HONOR AND BEHAVE"
GRIN AND BEAR IT
B^UcW
United Feature Syndicate,
'The people downstairs invited us!"
Ag Winter Course To Open Tomorrow Registration for this year’s agriculture winter course opens tomorrow in room 207 of Agriculture Hall This year’s short course is scheduled to continue eight weeks closing March 12. “Last year we had an enrollment of 200 and this year we expect the largest registration in the history of the course. Students from both Indiana and the neighboring states • are expected to attend,” said Prof. V. C. Freeman, assistant dean of agriculture in charge of the school, last night. This year four branches of insti'uction will be offered those who
plan to attend: general agricultm-e, t animal husbandry, dairy production, and dairy manufactures. %. The courses will be taught by the members of the regular staff with the assistance of some outside men ’ who are leaders in their fields.
There are more than 2,600 items ** in the Wordsworth collection of Cornell University.
LUNA
TODAY - MONDAY
T\T sizzles p The grand Stars of "Test ^ Pilot" in romance, drama, thrills ^
^ lend, sea
ARC
TODAY —MONDAY
\
■ and —
— ALSO — SHORT SUBJECT
and air I
THE FINEST ENTERTAINMENT MADE IN 1938 BECOMES THE WONDER PICTURE OF 1939
3 I
IN TECHNICOLOR!
... SCENESTAKEN IN THE BLUE6RASS COUNTRY tf CHURCHILL DOmSj It is the MUST SEE picture of 1939
YOUNO J^iolui/uL
WALTER BRENNAN KAREN MORLEY
STASIS TODAY lURMfiTU'■iVi,
-,j^#f<^ ^»!«S ‘ >-<5
\
^ Sunday. January 15. Id39
Stamm Paces Varsity Reserves In 46-44 Win; Freshmen Lead 27-14 At Half Time With the score tied 44 to 44 and but 15 seconds remaining, Swan, “B” team forward, drove under the hoop for the deciding basket and the freshmen were edged out 46-44 last night in a game played between the freshmen and the varsity reserves. Sprowl, freshman forward, and " ' ''
Stamm, Varsity “B” team forward led the scoring in the first half with five and four baskets respectively, while Blanken, freshman forward, was close behind with a total of eight points. The freshmen jumped to a 10-0 lead before the Varsity was able to break through. The score was 27-14 in favor -of the freshmen
at half time.
A new team started for the freshmen in the second half. Rechenbach and Stamm connected for four baskets in the second half rally of the varsity “B”. The Bees were unable to get in the lead until but a few minutes remained, and Stamm sent them out in front 42-41. Compton put the freshmen out in front again with a field goal but after Stamm’s next basket, the Varsity Bees were never headed. The varsity ran up a total of 32 points in the second half, while the freshmen were only able to score 17. Stamm, varsity reserve, amassed the impressive total of 17 points by scoring 8 field goals and a free
throw.
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
f
ielder’s... ...choice
All the regular WAA activities have been discontinued since Christmas. During the week of finals, beginning Wednesday, January 18, Memorial Gym will be open any day hour for mixed shuffleboard, mixed badminton, or mixed ping-pong. Coeds may bring their dates, but of course girls are free to come with-
out them.
Saturday at 4 p. m. there will be a mixed swim at the gym. Class volleyball will begin Feb-
ruary 2.
Plans have not been concluded for the WAA open house which is being scheduled for February 17. Intramural Notices
TOMORROW
Big Ten Standings W L Pet. Pts OP Minnesota 3 0 1.000 109 74 Ohio State 2 0 l.OOO 83 71 Indiana 2 1 .667 105 92 Illinois 2 1 .667 101 82 PURDUE 1 1 .600 76 73 Iowa 1 2 .333 102 105 Chicago 1 2 .333 89 99 Michigan 1 2 ' .333 78 93 Wisconsin 1 2 .333 66 100 Northwestern 0 3 .000 86 110
Court 1, F. A. Smithson
7 :00—^Ward 7 vs. Ward 6X. 7:16—Ward 2X vs. Ward 14A. 8 :26—Ward 9 vs. Ward lA. 8 :40—Ward 32 vs. Ward llX.
Court 2, H. Goldstein
7 :00—Ward IB vs. Ward 12X. 7 :16—Ward 13 vs. Ward 13X. 8 :25—Ward 8A vs. Ward IIB. 8 :40—Ward IX vs. Ward 14.
Court 3, R. W. Michael 7 :00—Ward 2 vs. Ward 4.
7 :16—Ward 6A vs. Ward 1. 8:25—Ward 5 vs. Ward 6B.
Forty-three colleges and universities have student flying clubs.
Of the 1,899 parolees of the New York State Parole Board, only fourtenths of one per cent graduated from college or professional school.
HAYS JEWELRY CO. EAST SIDE OF SQUARE FINE JEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
By Bruce Witwer We bow our head with reverent awe before the indomitable basketball spirit which apparently pervades all Hoosierdom . . . being a rank outsider, we are now convinced that there is real substance to the fame of Indiana as a state producing skill and unusual ability in its stalwart sons who take up basketball. —^fc— Here is what brought on the tirade above ... a couple of kids put up a homemade bankboard and basket out I in back of our humble domicile about two weeks ago ... on Friday afternoon when about two or three inches of snow covered the ground we noticed the boys were out there playing basketball . . . with about an inch of snow caked on the ball they had a little trouble handling it but nevertheless they kept at it . . . now it’s clear to us why the cage prodigies who tread the country’s basketball courts come from Indiana. —fc— The recent winter weather is disappointing so far because of its accompanying lack of facilities for winter sports . . . some of those winter sports enthusiasts tried out the skiing possibilities yesterday and declared them “not so hot” . . then we find the weather too warm for ice and consequent skating . . . looks like we might not get to make use of the University’s new facilities for ice skating. —fc— Everything is now set if it just gets cold enough . . . there are two faucets on the practice field across Stadium Avenue from the Fieldhouse for flooding the field . . . they have also brought a little house over from intramural field, installed a stove and made it into a place to change shoes . . . then lights are available for night skating ... come on cold.
HERE’S YOUR SLIDE RULE! FRONT SIDE
*- Cilliiilliil I I I I I I fl I I ul ! I I I I I f liil liigliillldliiiliiiluiluj'iiiliiiliiiiliitelii l>inliiiiliiiliMtiliiiiliinliniliiiil,,i,l.iil ilniliiLiIuiliiiiliiiil iliiiliiiiliiiiliiil iif> - I,,., ' ,1 ' i'l" "il '"J ,, , ,? LL3 I ny,.,|.»|.r, L L2
REVERSE SIDE
W LLoT I I I I I I I 1 iTi . t . I 1 1 t iTn ml . . i . 1 . .
rni"
hltfilfl 111 1 iTi.ll [ ili'i'v r'rmrrn"i
ST iv . . t ...1. .1,.. ii'f... . 1. MiM.1 i Hill '''''''
'.1 1 1 1 I 1 1 gl 1 7I I'lilM-l'j'l
1 "
♦ ♦ ♦
The K. & E. Log Log Duplex from DEAC’S
Now is the time to buy a slide rule. And if you want truly the finest, get a K. & E. Log Log Duplex, at Deac’s. Built by the foremost manufacturer of slide rules, the K. & E. Log Log Duplex is the last word in precision time-saving devices. No matter what your preference in a slide rule, Deac has it. Come in and make your choice today.
H. G. “DEAG” Reisner BOOKSTORE
GreenskeepersWill Discuss Problems / At Annual Meeting At the second annual Greenskeepers Conference, to be held here on Tuesday and Wednesday, January 17-18, greens chairmen, golf greenkeepers, and others having turf problems, will discuss means of providing better turf maintenance at lower cost. The two-day meeting, designed to present practical information for greens chairmen, will be sponsored jointly by the division of physical education for men, department of agricultural extension, the Indiana Greenskeepers Association, Indiana Golf Association, and Indiana Professional Golfers Association. Montieth Speaks Pi’incipal speaker on the science of greenkeeping. Dr. John Montieth, ‘ Jr., in charge of greens’ sections’ operation of the U. S. Golf Association, Washington, D. C., will give three lectures at the conference. Dr. Montieth will lead discussions on new grasses for golf courses, science in greenskeeping, and diseases and their control, and will speak before the annual banquet on Tuesday evening. Prof. G. A. Young president of the Indiana State Golf Association, will preside over the banquet, and Herb Graffis, editor of Golfdom, Harry Reed, assistant ed'irector of the Purdue Agricultural Experiment Station and Carl Bret2:laff, president of the greenskeepers organization, Indianapolis, will speak. Other addresses before the daily sessions will be delivered by Dr. George Scarseth, of the University agronomy department; W. H. Diddel, golf architect of Indianapolis; George Enfield, extension agronomist of Purdue; Prof. J. J. Davis, University entomologist; E. Heinton and R. H. Wileman, of the University agricultural engineering department, and Prof. George McClure, of Ohio State University.
Riveters Engage Indiana In Big Ten Tilt Tomorrow STARTING LINEUPS PURDUE Pos. INDIANA Igney F Johnson Fisher F Dro Anderson (C) C W. Menke Beretta G (C) Andres Dickinson G Huffman
Fans at this year’s Army-Navy grid battle consumed 70,000 hot dogs, 4,000 gallons of coffee and 11,000 ham sandwiches.
Riveter Matmen Lose To Wildcats Northwestern’s strong wrestling team won six out of eight matches here yesterday afternoon to trounce the Boilermakers 20-6 in a meet held on the intramural gym floor in the Fieldhouse. Willey and Aronson were the only winners for the Gold and Black. In the opening scrap of the afternoon Gluckman, 121 pound Wildcat matman, took a 13-6 decision from Berkheiser of Coach Reeck’s squad. Captain Taylor followed with another win for the Purple in the next heaviest class, defeating Allman onpoints, 13-3. Even Matches The next match was the closest of the meet. Taecker and Linderman scrapped on even terms for nearly the full nine minutes in one of the fastests bouts of the day, the Wildcat 135 pounder winning by a margin of one point, 15-14. Tauber defeated Papurca in the next match to give Northwestern four matches in a row and put them ahead 12-0. Willey then gave the Boilermakers their first victory of the meet by outpointing Sarett, 13 to 7. Two More Fall - Ferguson followed with a decision over Post and Weiss threw Brown to give the Wildcats their other two wins. Brown, who lost the fall to his Northwestern opponent, is a brother of the Purple coach, but lost despite cheers from the Boilermaker boosters telling him to “show his brother up.” In the heavyweight match Aronson outpointed Vavrus 6-5 in a close match to give the Boilermakers their last three points and bring the score up to 20-6. The meet was the second of the season for the Boilermakers, and the first against a Big Ten opponent. They defeated Armour Tech 29-5 last Monday. Aronson’s win was his second in two meets. The summary; 121 pound class—Gluckman, of Northwestern, won a decision over Berkheiser, Purdue, 13-5. 128 pound class—Taylor, Northwestern, won a decision over Allman, Purdue, 13-3. 136 pound class—Taecker, Northwestern, won a decision over Linderman, Purdue, 15-14. 145 pound class—Tauber, Northwestern, won a decision over Papurca, Purdue, 12-6. 155 pound class—Willey, Purdue, won a decision over Sarett, Northwestern, 13-7. 165 pound class—Ferguson, of Northwestern, won a decision over Post, Purdue, 7-2. -'175 pound class—Weiss, Northwestern, threw Brown, Purdue, in 4 minutes" and 28 seconds. Heavyweight class—Aronson, of Purdue, won a decision over Vavrus, Northwestern, 6-5.
In an effort to regain their winning ways, the Boilennakers will tackle the Hoosiers at Bloomington tomorrow night in the third game of the Big Ten season. Indiana, after losing its first conference game, has turned around and eked out a onepoint victory over Illinois and last night swamped Wisconsin for its second win in a row. A large group of Boilermaker boosters are expected to attend the game. Recent contests between the Hoosiers and the Boilermakers indicate that the coming game will be a wild, free scoring affair, with neither team going into the game with any distinct advantage. Both teams will probably start the same lineups which they used last night.
HawkeyesBeat (Continued from page 1)
The summary of last night’s contest: Purdue (41) B. F. P. Igney, f 112 Zink, f 0 0 2 Fisher, f 110 Weber, f-c 112 Anderson, c 5 0 2 Swarts, c-f 10 0 Beretta, g 2 2 2 Yeager, g 1 '2 2 Dickinson, g 0 2 2 Herschelman, g 4 0 0 Totals 16 9 14 Iowa (49) B. F. P. Stephens, f 4 4 3 Lind, f-g 10 1 Hohenhorst, f 10 1 Anapol, f 0 0 0 Hobbs, f 0 1 0 0 Plett, c 5 2 3 Bastian, c 3 0 1 Evans, c 110 Prasse, g 2 14 , Irvine, g 3 12
Totals 20
9 15
Professors To Hear WPA Leader Monday Members of the faculty and others interested will gather at a supper meeting in the Home Economics Building at 6 p. m. Monday to hear Arthur P. Crabtree of Indianapolis talk on the “Adult Education Program of the WPA.” Crabtree is state supervisor of literacy and Americanism of the general adult education program of the Works Progress Administration. Monday night’s meeting and supper is being sponsored by the local group of the American Association of University Professors. Anyone interested in attending the supper is urged to get in touch with the home economics cafeteria and make a reservation.
CAMERA BARGAINS
New
Sale
Price
Price
616 Kodak Sr. Special f4.5 in Rapid Compur
with accessories
$75.00
$50.00
Model 25 Cine' Kodak f2.7
42.00
35.00
Univex Iris Candid Cameras
7.50
5.00
Keystone 35mm Slide Projector
33.00
25.00
Above merchandise same as New.
Bantam Doublet
6.00
3.50
AF Argus & DeLirxe Case
19.50
13.50
AB Argus Factory Reconditioned
12.00
9.00
Vest Pocket Kodak with Case
11.00
5.00
Vest Pocket Kodak
8.00
3.00
16mm Eastman Model C Projector
50.00
10.00
Kalart Micromatic Speed Flash
13.50
10.00
Kalart Speed Flash (Foth Derby)
12.00
8.00
Table Top Tripods
3.50
1.50
No. 505 Federal Enlarger'
9.95
6.00
EXPOSURE METERS
Mini Photoscopes with case
14.75
11.00
Electrophot with case
11.75
8.00
Eastman and Agfa Films—Discontinued and short
dated
25 and 33'/a off list-
HINEA’S
634 Main St.
Phone 7775^axL Odiu
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
O^JtiCiUL
Sunday, January 15,1939
Third Pest Control Conference Gets Started Tomorrow
Pest control operators will meet in their third annual conference at Puidue this week. Over a hundred men from all over the United States and Canada are expected to convene here for a five day group of classes and discussions. Poison manufacturing as well as insect and pest exterminating companies will be represented in the conference, accordih^-fo Prof. J. J. Davis, in charge of the conference here. After the program has been completed, Professor Davis will go to Baton Rouge, La., to help conduct the first southern pest control operators meeting. From there he plans to help in the second conference of the Pacific Coast Pest Operators at the University of California. Registration Monday’s program will include registration in room 103, Agricultural Building. Instruction in fundamentals of chemistry as applied to insecticide and basic points in insect identification and control are to be discussed in a series of speeches and demonstrations lasting from 9:30-12 a. ni. and from 1 •30-4:30 p. m. Moving pictures are to be shown in the towei loom of • the Union at 7:30 p. m. All Monday’s speakeis aie from the University, but later programs \vill include other nationally known authorities in this field. All six formei presidents of the National Pest Control Association will be present for the conference.
Purdue is a pioneer in the field of meetings for men connected with insect and pest extermintaion.
Rural Youth --
(Continued from page 1)
Remember High Tribunal Hughes — Do You Think He Made Last Year's News?
Howard Hughes flew around the world in 1938 to set a new record in one of the biggest news stories of the year—and some students still declared “Hughes, Howai’d—Justice of the Supreme Court,” in the annual quize on one hundred news names of 1938 given by Professor Hall to his Education 50 classes last week. The grades this year have slipped a bit under 1937’s average of 44 pejpcent, but the student this year identified correctly 40 of the 100 names. However, this year’s high of 84, by Gerhardt Kellner was 10 better than the best grade of ’37. Neville Chamberlain, prime minister of England, was variously mistaken for the prime minister of the French republic, and of Germany. Krum Elbow, the estate across the Hudson river from FDR’s old home, sold to father Divine, was named as the scene of many murders and
as the center of labor difficulties. Students said “The Little Flower” was a Chinese or Japanese spy, while the oliicial list designates it as the nickname of Fiorella LaGuardia.
Pity the Endicronolgist Three names were known to all: Douglas Corrigan, Cordell Hull, and Jane Withers. No one could identify C. R. Moore, as an outstanding endicronologist, a man who studies glands and their effect on people. This is the third appearance of Joe Louis and Anthony Eden on the list. Margaret Halsey was credited with the writing of a book, “With Malice Toward Son,” and Rufus M. Jones was identified as the name of a song from “Sing Out the News” instead of his actual position as the head of the American Friends Society.
WBAA
On The Air-
*''The Voice of Purdue'
Browsing Room
-Tomorrow-
11:00—Prof. Robert Phillips, American Institutions. 11:50—^Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Agricultural Forum. 12:15—Sports Review, Bob Heine. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Jewell Cox, pianist. 1:00—Town Crier. 1:15—Monitor Views the News. 1:30—Melody Time. 1:45—Market Reports. 2:00—Afternoon Music. 2:30—Foods, Facts, Fancies. 2:45—Maurine Martin, violinist. 3:00—Symphony Hall. 4:00—Melody Moods. 4:15—Campus Personalities. 4:30—-The Warren Family. 4:45—Story Book Hour.
ance over last year. “We do not have the final attendance records figured as yet, but the attendance will run between 8,500 and 9,000; nearly a thousand more than the record breaking crowd of 7,675 last year,” commented the conference head. Rural Youth Grows “With almost twice as many in attendance as last year we undoubtedly had the best conference we’ve ever had,” said Prof. Harry F. Ainsworth enthusiastically when asked what he thought about the Rural Youth Conference held last Friday and Saturday. Two years ago at the first conference there were approximately 125 present; last year 296 attended; and this yekr the attendance will run close to 500. “If it had not been for the snow we no doubt would have had a couple of hundred more,” continued Prof. Ainsworth. Band Enjoyed “One of the programs most enjoyed during the entire week was the concert played Thursday night by the Purdue Symphonic Band, under the direction of Prof. P. S. Emrick,” stated Prof. Graham in a convincing tone of voice. Many good speakers were provided by the 22 State Agricultural and Home Economics Associations, who held their annual conferences here this week, that would never have been possible otherwise. The surprise of the week was at the Indiana State Dairy Association Banquet held last Thursday night when Axel Christensen, professional entertainer from Chicago, spoke to the group under an assumed name and disguise of Dr. Oscar Sederholm, from the University of Copenhagen, Denmark. He was very well received even though he did turn out to be a fake. In answering his topic question “How Can Young Farmers Get a Start?” Prof 0. G. Lloyd, head of the farm management department, said, “It IS not a matter of saving or spending, but rather it is a matter of following godo economical farm practices in production and in management ” J. C. Ralston, of the state 4-H Club office, presided at the meeting held in Ag Hall.
Senators Urge Freshmen To Return Signed Petitions By Wednesday Afternoon
By Paul Hamman “The Fifth Column and the First Forty-Nine Stories,” by Ernest Hemingway—^here is a book which should really interest you students who like to read, but just do not have the time. As the name implies, it is a book of short stories. When you have ten or 15 minutes to spend while waiting for someone, come into the browsing room and read some of these stories. Make the browsing loom your meeting place. Hemingway wrote the play, “The Fifth Column,” in the fall and early winter of 1937. The title refers to the Spanish rebel statement in the fall of 1936 that they had four columns advancing on Madrid and a fififi column of sympathizers inside the city to attack the defenders from the i ear.
Freshmen still have plenty of time to take out Student Senate petitions, have them signed, and return them before the deadline goes into effect at 5:30 p. m. Wednesday, according to Senate officials. Of the 25 petitionei's now registered, only one comes from the physical education school, and senators urge more PE students to take out petitions. Other schools are well lepresented, but none are completely filled as yet. Petitions may be obtained for one dollar at the Union desk or in the Senate office, which will be open from 4 to 5 p. m. Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday. Engineering petitions require 90 signatui es, agriculture, science, and home economics, 50, and pharmacy only 15. In accordance with the new activities regulation, petitioners must have a scholastic index of at least 3.5. Freshmen senators will be elected during second semester registration and will hold office only until fall.
3 O'clock In The - (Continued from page 1)
New York University has established a new Fellowship House to further better understanding among students of different nationalities and religions.
rX/dieAA to the Editor
TOO MANY CONFERENCES?
To the Editor; Conferences on the Purdue campus seem to be a continuous parade throughout the year and are called to the campus without due consideration of the necessary facilities to care for them. It is valuable publicity for the University, but are the students not obligated to pay for much of it without consideration? Indiana people represent taxpayers, but not all taxpayers. Although the University is maintained by the same taxpayers, is it right that they should descend upon the campus in such numbers that the students are literally crowded out—out of buildings, out of cafeterias, out of regular meeting places for groups, off the streets by visiting cars and off the sidewalks leading to the classrooms ? Especially inconvenient is the problem pi-esented in the campus cafeterias and other places to eat. Could provisions not be made for better planning that would take into consideration the routine life of the students, especially in the matter of a lunch hour. Could not the twelve-to-one hour be reserved for the students, and the visitors plan to eat at some other time ? Conferences do create a number of problems for the student. Why don’t we have a little cooperation between the conference planners and the student body ? Louise Smith, HE ’40.
Sympathizers Shot The four columns advancing on Madrid shot their prisoners, and, when members of the fifth column were captuied inside the city in the early days of the war, they were also shot. Hemingway says regarding his play: “This is only a play about counter-espionage in Madrid. It has the defects of having been written in war time, and if it has a moral it is that people who work for certain organizations have very little time for home life.” The play is short and so are the forty-nine stories. Hemingway’s frank, realistic style makes the whole book very interesting.
Editor’s Note: The Agricultural Conference which ended today is the only really large conference Purdue plays host to. Usually every attempt is made to have meals at conferences come when the cafeterias are not busy, but it is always difficult to keep the noon hour clear. Completion of the new Union addition and the Music Hall will take care of a large share of the crowding that is now felt. Until these buildings are completed most students will not grudge sharing the University’s facilities with taxpayers who paid for them all.
Pianist Eames ~
(Continued from page 1)
morning, take a shower, a shave, their personal property, and a brother’s car. And that’s exactly what happened accoi’ding to reports received yesterday. The careless fellow left the shower running, the razor unplaced, and the $400 worth of property with the car missing. If the fellow who did all of this happens to read the Exponent, let him be advised that the Sigma Nu fraternity earnestly invites him to pay it another visit. Earnestly!
A new milking process which excludes air from all steps of the process has been invented by an Ohio State University professor.
Dartmouth College is now laying plans for an annual Summer Drama Festival which will be “a yearly exhibition of the best in the theatre.”
Most popular non-athletic extracuiTicular activity at the University of Maine is the stage.
mpm66von
/
Your Friends often see you before they are near enough to speak — Make your first Appearance ALWAYS a pleasing one to them!
American’s Dependable Dry Cleaning Service will do the JOB for You.
Call American!
West Side Office —132 Vine Sfreef
One-half of all University of Vermont students receive scholarships.
A University of Michigan scientist has unearthed evidence which indicates the first barbecue was held 1,100 years ago.
Classified Ads
7:80. All editorial staff members please attend. Monday, January 16, regular staff will work. Tuesday, January 17, TerriO; night emtor; Houston, stooge; Heiple, issue; Yates, proof: Ganzar, Beer, Kenney, Kuch, O’Oonnel, workers. Wednesday, January 18, Houston, night editor; McKee, issue; Ahlf, proof; Ochiltree, Skallerup, Mueller, Payne, workers. Friday, January 20, Woodson, night editor : Leber, issue; Willsey, proof; Miers, Thompson, Patterson, Schlossberg, Kepner, workers. Monday, January 28, Frederick, night editor; Terrio, stooge; Ganzar, issue; Leber, proof; Donahue, McKee, DeHoog, McKeighan, Newsbaum, workers. Wednesday, January 26, Kroeplin, night editor; Insley, stooge; Massey, issue; Heiple, proof; DeHoog, Taylor, Ehrhardt, Sears, workers. —HARDIN.
Glee Club: Ushering money for the symphony convocation is in the music office. (1-16) —WORCESTER.
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. New portable machines as low as $20.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
Episcopal Students: Corporate communion followed by breakfast in the parish house at St. John’s Church Sunday, January 16. at 8 a. m. —THORNTON.
Freshman Track: Meeting Monday, January 16, in Room 107 of the Fieldhouse at 6 p. m. —WILKENING.
SPECIAL: 8 days—Wash and lubrication, $1.26 ; lowest prices on body and paint work. HOPKINS MOTOR SERVICE. Phone 8069. 331 South St.
Christian Science: Regular meeting will be held in room C of the Union Tuesday, January 17, at 7:30 p. m. —MACK.
WANTED—Student to exchange work for comfortable room in West Lafayette home. Write, giving telephone number, in care of XWV Exponent.
Lambda Kappa: A short business meeting will be held in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union at 7:30 p. m. Sunday, January 16. —OTT.
FOR SALE
$20 FOR WHIPPET. It runs. Hoosier Auto Sales, 6 South 4th St.
P-Men: Please get lapel button or key orders in to me by Sunday, January 16. Orders will be sent in Monday. —BODEAU.
LOST AND POUND
LOST—Black leather loose leaf notebook in room 229, E E. Building. Finder please return to Van Coddington, Cary Hall West.
Gym Lockfer Holders: Those wishing to renew locker for the second semester must so signify by signing locker renewal slip at the intramural check-out window not later than Saturday, January 28. Those wishing to check out must do so before then to recover deposit. —CLEVETT.
ROOMS FOR RENT
FOR RENT: Large front double bedroom, one block from village. No other roomers, instiuctoi preferred. 116 Main Street
FOR RENT: Room and board. Large room, single beds, close to campus. Mrs. E. C Gibbs. 346 Northwestern. Phone 71062.
TWO VERY DESIRABLE large front sleeping rooms Convenient for two to four students. Reasonable rent. Southwest corner of 6th and Brown.
apartment and board for group of students, also room and board. Phone 2309. FURNISHED ROOMS for men students. Phone 2637.
FOR RENT—Desirable room close to campus and city. New furniture and innerspring mattress. Phone 76042.
Reamers: Short meeting Monday, January 16, at 8 p. m. in room F of the Union. —JACKS.
WAA: Fencing Monday, 4 p. m., January 16, in Women’s Gymnasium. —SWIFT.
Chi Epsilon; Meeting Monday, January 16 at 7 p. m. in room B of the Union. Everyone be present. —FARR.
Radio Club; Meeting Tuesday, January 17, 7 :30 p. m. in room 264 in E.E. building. —BROWN.
Forestry Club: Return all money and tickets for the Foresters’ Rail to John Nichols by Tuesday, January 17, at 4 p. m. —GLAZEBROOK.
gram and that program is said to be a sedative to the senses. Yet thinking men and women know that the appreciation of the very best in music is much more than that; It is a pleasant mental task in acoustics, that each music lover interprets scientifically for expression of mood.” So enthused was Dr. Eames with the “Sripps Idea”—^unification of the three great subjects of human thinking, literature, history, and arts, that he has thrown all his talent toward development of the ‘integrated humanities’ which form the three basic years of Scripps College curriculum. Here, music is taught as a literature, history, and philosophy, nhesd iaadr rt”a|evoa htiont phy, and is heard in actual performance as well.
Exponent Exam Work Schedule: Staff members will please note the following schedule. Advise corrections at once. Workers not listed please select one of the work nights and be theie. Daily publication will be resumed following finals on Monday evening, 30th. Report on regular nights if possible. Extra work will be appreciated. Reorganization meeting for second semester will be in Exponent office, February 1, at
special prV'*
lllixture_
^2*25 SIZE
G ives rich lubrication to skin dried by wind, cold, household heat. Lends your skin a smooth, pliant feel. Softening for that flaky look. Special sale saves you $1.25 on each jar. Buy several, for the winter!
LO EB & H E NC COMPANY
the Purdue Exponent '
Service Directory
• Bookstores
• jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REiSNER
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well. Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
• Professional
• Printing
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119’/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
t^vi« r\RfNTING wAf Offlc* SUIIoncry . . n 1 'i/addlns InviUilont PHONE ■ CASSEL'S dOlFERRy
The Risk Dental Clinic
• Shoe Repair
PAUL A. RISK—D,D.S. HAROLD J. RISK—D.D.S. LUTHER A. RISK—D.D.S. Schultz Buildinp 4h and Main Phone 5701
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop In the VARISITY BOOT SHOP
• Locksmith
• Dine
"C" CARTER ^ for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATE SHARPENING Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
SPECIAL SUNDAY DINNER ROAST TURKEY 35c Why try the rest when we serve the best? MITZI CAFE
1 i4I
>' i
m
f i
t ’I
kw