m 7
;,... .■
", rv". '7-
■'T 5; :.
"'"A t Illinois Minnesota
' V ^
60 31
i\ , i
Iowa Wisconsin
37 35
Ohio State Chicago
44 36
Horthwesfem. 47 Michigan 34
SfioJdA £diijbn
Purdue
Z>I85
^ Volume 51, No. 107
Exponent
Sunday, Februcny 11, 1940
Indiana Five Stops Boilermakers, 46-39 Baseball Batteries Peru Clinches CCC Hodsiers Hand Riveters First Big Ten To Begin Practice Basketball Crowfl Defeat/ State Rivals Share First Place
"Rv T/va Rrklan ^
Wrestling Squad
Loses To First
Big Ten Opponent A very powerful and well trained wrestling team representing Ohio State, a Big Ten rival of the Boilermakers, outpointed the Riveter mat squad 26 to 6 to render the Boilermakers her first conference loss
in one conference start.
In the three lighter weight divisions, Purdue made a good showing by winning two of the matches; but as the meet Jlrogressed to the heavier weight classes, the Reeckmen were upable to garner a single point. Of the five finEfl'divisions, four of them were lost to the Buckeyes by falls; one of these being the first conference meet that A1 Rossi, Purdue’s heavyweight contender has ever lost. Rossi lost to the captain of the Ohio squad, Downs, a wrestler who is very much respected in view of the fact that he holds the mid-west AAU heavyweight title, and who was also runner-up in the Big Ten meet last year. Another of the visiting contenders, Montonaro, had been known to be a big threat to any opponent, and ^ he carried out this prediction by defeating Purdue’s Papurca in the 145
pound class,by a fall.
The final results were; 126 pound class, Fredricks (P) decisioned Varney (O.S.) 10 to 0; 128 pound class, Anderson (P) lost to Heinyman (0. S.) 7 to 1; 136 pound division, Timms (P) won over MacIntyre (0. S.) 10 to 0; 145 pounds, Montonaro (O. S.) won from Papurca (P) by a pin in 3 minutes and 21 seconds; 155 pound division. Captain Willey (P) lost to Meyer (0. S.) by a count of 1 to 7; 165 pound class. Lightburn (O. S.) pinned Camperman (P) in 2 minutes and 15 seconds; 175 pound division, Montgomery (P) lost by a fall to Sanchyn (0. S.) in 5 minutes and 5 seconds; and finally in the heavyweight division. Downs (O. S.) won from Rossi (P) by verdict of a fall. The time for this was 2 minutes and 45 seconds. On Tuesday night of next week, the Boilermaker squad will journey to Madison where they will tackle their second conference foe, the Uni-
versity of Wisconsin.
By Joe Dolan
A dash of melted show was all that baseball coach “Dutch” Fehring needed to sound his spring training call for the Boilermaker battery combinations to begin > their crawl from winter hibernation tomorrow afternoon in the Fieldhouse. The Purdue pitchers and catchers are fortunate indeed in having the giant Fieldhouse to do their preseason warming-up activities. Especially during the next three and one-half weeks, the Fieldhouse will be almost entirely vacated of athletes, but after that time, football men, trackmen, and baseball men will have to share the playground together and baseballs, footballs, and spikes will fly thick, a conglomeration which makes for difficult practice, hence “Dutch’s” early call for uninterrupted practice. Will Change Danowski Dutch plans to give big Eddie Danowski, ^eserve first baseman during last season’s campaign, a chance to change to the mound. Danny is a six foot, two inch lad who throws with the left hand. He’s big enough to throw ’em by the batters, but can he adjust himself to his new position? That’s the question that Danowski will answer as soon as the team goes outside for batting practice, which, incidentally, will be down in the “deah ole southland,” where the Boilermakersare going to journey during the spring recess for their annual series with southern schools. Pitching Veterans Battery veterans on the pitching roster who are veterans from last season’s campaign include Bob Bailey, junior; John Emmert, junior; Gerald Higgins, junior, H. Warner, senior; Emil Navta, junior; Dick Wargo, junior; and Farrell Ruppert, senior. A glance at the above will show that the Boilermaker hurlers will be entirely composed of underclassmen except two. Bailey, a star of the Indiaiia-Ohio loop last summer, is expected to be as effective as the best in the conference this season; however, last season after a successful start he fell victim to some lusty clouting by some lads from Michigan that (Continued on page 3)
StudenI Activities Hold Frosh Meetings Debris Issues Call Freshmen Will Meet For Frosh Workers For Activity Bureau
A meeting of freshmen aspirants for the Debris business staff will be held on Tuesday, February 13, at 4 o’clock in room A of the Union. Dick McNeil, business manager, will conduct the meeting with the aid of the junior business managers and sophomores. This meeting will be held for the purpose of acquainting the freshmen with the selling , points of the Debris. “Learning how to sell the Debris is learning to sell one’s self; which is very important in engineering, science, agriculture, or any other profession.” These are the words of Dr. J. E, Walters, Personnel Director of the University. The working order of the Debris business staff is somewhat indicated by the following arrangement: from the sales staff four sophomores are selected to be junior business managers, each of whom is in charge of separate departments — sales, advertising, clerical, and accounts.
The Activities Bureau is giving freshmen a chance to become affiliated with it, via meetings beingheld at 4 o’clock tomorrow afternoon and Tuesday at the Activities Bureau Office. The purpose, policies, and workings of the bureau will be explained by senior heads, Althea Jorgeson and Bill Breuer, in short talks given to the freshmen at these meetings. They will be told about the workings of each of the five committees into which bureau work is divided, and then will be allowed to work in each division for a period of three days so that they may acquaint themselves with the entire bureau. At the end of this period, the freshmen will be given an opportunity to choose the branch in which they prefer to work. The bureau handles many interesting problems connected with campus activities, among which is interviewing freshmen on activity inclinations, and then checking up to see if these inclinations are followed up.
While the Purdue basketball team was busy engaging the crimson tide of Indiana, at Bloomington, their home floor was put to good use in running off the Lebanon CCC Sector basketball tournament. This year is the first year that a tournament type play-off such as this has been used to decide the CCC title-, holder. Previously, each year there has been the regular series of games, with the team winning the most games credited as the champs. Teams representing Medaryville, Valparaiso, Monon, Lafayette, Turkey Run, and Peru participated yesterday in the sector playoff. Lebanon and Waveland were also to have sent teams, but due to treacherous roads these teams did not make the trip. By the new tournament system, the state is divided into four sectors; Mitchell, Nashville, Bluffton, and Lebanon. Following the playoff in each of these divisions, the winners will journey to Fort Benjamin Harrison in Indianapolis where the final elimination will be conducted. The date for this contest has not as yet been announced. During the games yesterday morning, Lafayette defeated Monon, 29-16; Lebanon forfeited to Peru; Valparaiso was victorious over Medaryville 23-20; and Waveland had to forfeit to Turkey Run. In the afternoon session Lafayette lost to Peru to the tune of 28-16 and Turkey Run was the victor over Valparaiso by 8 points, the score being 12-11. At the evening session, Peru and Turkey Run battled for the honor of the championship. Despite the sparkling playing of forward Dick Berrisford, Turkey Run was outplayed and outshot, and by the virtue of a 30-14 score the lads from Peru were crowned the new Lebanon Sector champs. Convention Ends With Election Ot Officers Closing their 21st annual convention here at .the University yesterday with the naming of 'a new president, Elmer R. Mullin, of Indianapolis, the Sheet Metal and Warm Air Heating Contractor’s Association of Indiana packed up and left after their short stay on the campus. In-^ dianapolis made a strong bid for next year’s convention, but any action on location of the 22iA meeting was not taken until the business meeting late yesterday afternoon. Problems of heating, insulation, and ventilating were considered by close to 100 contractors at yesterday’s technical session, which were addressed by Prof. M. M. McClure and Prof. W. T. Miller, both of the University staff. F. 0. Jordan, of Chicago, now technical director for the Industrial Training Institute, was the principal speaker at the banquet last night. ‘ / In addition to President Mullin, other officers elected were H. J. Hoff, Richmond, first vice-president; Frank Sink, Indianapolis, second vice - president; Thomas Ewing, Huntington, treasurer; Homer Selch, Indianapolis, secretary; and C. C. Sieb, Fort Wayne, and Charles Gatz, Gary, members of the board of directors.
Bloomington; Feb. 10 (Special)—There’s an old adage that good things always come to an ehd, and Coach Branch McCracken’s Indiana basketball team afforded another link of substantiation to that cynical axiom at the expense of the Boilermaker quintet here tonight, knocking off the Purdue five, 46-39. Bill Menke was the the chief instigator of the hardwood disaster which clipped the Gold and Black winning streak at eight games and pulled them down into a tie with the Hoosiers for the pace-setting position in the Western Conference. — Menke started the game at center, shifting to forward when
the tall sophomore, Zimmer, was injected into the Cream and Crimson line-up late in the first half. Menke led the evening’s scoring with 14 points. Don Blanken and Fred Beretta divided scoring honors for the Boilermakers, each making three baskets and five free throws for 11 points. Bob Igney also hit three field
goals.
11 For Fred...
And 11 For Don
Captain Freddy Beretta not only played the entire game against Indiana last night but was tied with Don Blanken for the ^Boilermaker high point honors.
Hapac Sets New Record As lllini Beat Minnesota An eclipse occurred last night, but only before an audience of a few thousand basketball fans, who saw Bill Hapac, Illinois forward, establish a new Big Ten record in the lllini triumph over Minnesota. The Gophers were unable to match the Orange and Blue team, scoring less in toto”fihan the one man Hapac himself, who registered 34 points while his (Illinois’) opponents were working their hearts out to make a total which fell three points shy of his record. Not only did the lllini forward eclipse the old record, but he also shared headline honors with the Hoosiers, who rose to a tie for first place in the Big Ten by virtue of their triumph over the Boilermakers. While Illinois was swamping the Gophers 61-31 Iowa was tripping the Badgers 37-85, Northwestern was trouncing Michigan 47-34, and Ohio State was licking Chicago, 4436. Those results put Purdue and Indiana in a tie for first place ahead of four teams which have won three games. Big Ten Standings Won Lost Pet. Purdue 4 1 .800 Indiana 4 1 .800 Michigan 3 2 .600 Ohio State ...i 3 2 .600 Northwestern 3 2 .600 Illinois 3 2 .600 Iowa 2 3 .400 Wisconsin 1 4 .200 Chicago 0 5 .000
Don Blanken, another of Piggy Lambert’s ironmen, continues to be the Riveter’s high point man by virtue of his 11 tallies against the Hoosiers last night. \ GAME SUMMARY Indiana (46) B F P Armstrong, f 4 0 4 Schaefer, f 2 11 Menke, c-f 6 2 2 Dro, g 10 0 Huffman, g 3 2 2 McCreary, g 2 0 3 Zimmer, g 2 10 20 6 12 Purdue (39) Sprowl, f 10 1 Igney, f 3 0 2 Blanken, c 3 5 2 Fisher, g-f' 2 2 0 Beretta, g 3 5 2 Yeager, g 1 1 3 Tierney, g 0 0 0 13 13 10 Dr.,Mrs.E.C.EIIiott At Alumni Dinner Dr. and Mrs. Edward C. Elliott were honor guests at the dinner dance of the Indianapolis Pordue Alumni Associatibn at the Indianapolis Athletic Club last night. The University Glee Club, under the direction of A. P. Stewart, presented a selection of numbers before the alumni association. Roger Sneden, '23, was general chairman of the affair, at which Louis Lowe, ’28, and his orchestra played.
K K Gamma
J
. A Run For Your Money Things weren’t so bad during parts of the game. The Boilermakers started out with five points before the Hoosiers could tally and in later stages of the game the scoreboard read 7-4 Purdue, 9-9, 18-19, j 24-30, 30-35, and 32-38. After the score had been tied at 9-9 the Riveters never regained the lead, although drawing to within one point of their hosts late in the first period. Igney and Blanken hooked in a couple of shots and Fisher added a free throw in the early moments of the game to give Purdue its 5-0 lead. Menke broke the ice for the Hoosiers a few seconds later, putting in a rebound, and in the next eight minutes he and his four companions built up a 17-11 lead. Hoffman, Menke and Armstrong each contributed three field goals to that offensive exhibition. Fisher Hooks One Fisher finally f ormd the basket for the Riveters. Beretta and Igney also hit from the field while Huffman’s two free throws and one by Blanken, left the Cream and Crimson one point to the good, 19-18. Menke, Huffman and McCreary then increased the Hoosier total to 28 ppints before the end of the first half, while Beretta’s two free throws gave the Boilermakers 20 points at the intermission. Only four substitutes entered the game during the entire evening, Yeager and Tierney replacing Sprowl and Igney in the first period for Purdue and McCreary and Zimmer taking the places of Armstrong and Schaefer, respectively, for Indiana. For the remainder of the game after their initial appearances, those four traded off with the starters, but no other new men entered the contest. Et Tu, Zimmer? The coaches decided to open the second half with three of the late entrants on the floor, and Zimmer earned his way by putting in three more baskets for the Hoosiers while Blanken and Beretta were scoring for Purdue. Prom that time on to * the end of the game the Hoosiers were ahead for from 5 to 11 points. With a nine point lead and two minutes to go the Hoosiers began a fast-passing indirect offensive which was extended by the new rule on fouls, which peimitted them to take the ball out of bounds instead of attempting a free throw. Thi" was done twice in the waning minutes of the game, when B^tta and Sprowl attempted to take the ball away from their opponents.
. . . won the sorority-inteamural bowling tournament defeating Delta Gamma Colony which ended last Thm-sday. They will receive permanent possession of the silver trophy. Members of the winning team were: Betty Campbell, Helen McQueen, Jane Thomas, and Virginia Phelps.lii
dOm. and, disth.
Creorfraim Schilling
Sunday morning—a new regime— time this semester got under way —Shoulder to the wheel, nose to the grindstone, on the ball we climb before spring, beautiful spring, comes around. Such noble thoughts for a Sunday morning. Roll on over and sleep it off. H&H This week’s Life magazine tells some interesting things about a former Purdue co-ed. Miss Ada May Roe, a member of the class of ’36 and sister of Gabby Roe, Sci. ’40, has been chosen by the editors of Life as one of the most beautiful school teachers in the Unite4 States. Miss Roe is an elocution teacher at St. Bernards School, in Bradford, Pennsylvania. The contest came about as the result of a letter sent into Life saying that school teachers are the worst looking people in the world. The pictures sent in seem to prove otherwise. H&H Next on the social calendar for February comes the Women’s PanHellenic Ball on Friday night. The following Friday night is the time schedided for the Scabbard and Blade dance and also for the TAP given by Pi Kappa Phi, Triangle, and Alpha Gamma Rho fraternities. Both dances are to be in the Union ballrooms. H&H Comes March, and the Union formal is the first big affair on the calendar. Also of important note for March days (and nights) are such coming events as the Sophomore Cotillon and the Gold Peppers co-ed bid dance. Save your pennies, everyone. H&H And again the Daily lUini crashes through with some philosophy very fitting for we dear people ... College life makes a great change in most persons, and with an illustration of that in view we present the comments of a college man as he progresses through those four difficult years of big-time educational experience. Freshman: Mary is the girl back home and I love her dearly. Sophomore: Mary is the girl back home that I write to. Junior: Mary is the girl back home. Senior: Mary is a girl’s name.
Williams To Condud Short
Course In Social Welfare
Registration for a short course in social welfare may be arranged on Wednesday, February 14, at four o’clock in the Education Building. The course, which is open to all graduate and undergraduate students, will be held every Wednesday afternoon from 4 to 6 in the Education Building. Mr. Kenneth K. Williams of Indiana University will teach the course which- will last about ten weeks. Undergraduates are eligible for the course at a registration fee of $10. Persons who are eligible for graduate credit through the Indiana Extension will pay a fee of $12.00 for the Com’se.
WHY BE A MERE DANCER? Clothes Change—So Have Steps in Dancing, Mr. Allen Specializes in All Types of Dancing NEW ADVANCED CLASS OPENS THURS. FEB. 29th
PHONE 2150 AIjLiEN^S 6th and Foxy
Alpha Xi Delta Reserve Officers To Talk Journalist H. C. Wolfo
GRIM AND BEAR IT
By Liehty
... sorority, announces the pledging of the following: Barbara Johnson, Indianapolis; Ruth McKay, Hammond; Mary Alice Proxell, Marion; Evelyn Shell, Chalmers.
Co-eds Only
By Mary K. Miller
Girls, see what the University of Illinois did for entertainment. The co-eds gave a leap year dance where the girls footed the bills and invited their cui’rent heart-throbs. Marriage licenses and wedding rings were presented the couples at the door. If anyone has an idea along this line, please let us know.
There has been a noticeable amount of knee-high rubber boots on the campus this past week. If the upiversity doesn’t do something about the walks, we will have to go in for hip-boots or rowboats.
Spring forecast; Black will be combined with pale pinks and blues this season instead of the usual white. Coats with military lines and brass buttons seem to be in order. Not more than two accessories must be matched this spring. The colors in the highlight are navys, greyed blues, pinks, golds, and various values of brown.
Would you like to have a smooth figure, graceful carriage, etc.? Come to the Hanya Holm recital Wednesday night and see what real grace, beauty and charm are and how they have been created. Remember, though, it can’t be done over night.
White seemed to be the co-eds favorite choice for Inter-Fraternity formal wear, with hair and wrist corsages in prominence. Nets, satins, and taffetas were all well represented with florals and plaids much in evidence. Some hoop skirts were noticed too. Are they going to stage a comeback, or is it just the “Gone with the Wind” influence?
Have you heard any reports concerning Sadie Hawkins days, staged at various co-educational institutions throughout the country ? On this most special day, all amorously inclined but unattached co-eds literally have a chance to catch a husband. A regular free-for-all race is scheduled, and the men who are caught escort their female captivators to a Sadie Hawkins Ball that night. Participants in the gala affair wear “Li’l Abner” costumes in honor of A1 Capp’s original men catchers.
ARC
-TODAY - MONDAY—
— ALSO — 'PETE SMITH" Specialty
OMnxWeekPxvan. *|||Spe*AICoil«)
In connection with the local observance of National Defense Week, which is in effect all over the country this week. Captain C. W. Messersmith. University instructor and president of the Lafayette Chapter of the Reserve Officers’ Association, and Colonel George Byers of Lafayette will broadcast over WBAA
this week.
Captain Messer smith will discuss the place of the reserve officer in our national defense Tuesday at 2:15 p. m. At the same hour on Thursday Colonel Byers, who is a past president of the Reserve Officers’ Association of the Fifth Corp Area, will discuss the importance of patriotic preparedness as a guarantee of domestic peace.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE
FOR SALE—Typewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable'machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street. FOE RENT
FOR RENT—Single room. 122 Pierce entrance. 36271.
FOR RENT^—One single room, one double. Modern. Reasonable. 422 N. Salisbury.
LOST—Please return Dietzgen slide rule No. 651,461 to owner or to Union Lost and Pound. No questions. Reward.
WANTED—^A student to share a modern apartment. Close in to the University. Ph. 2305.
ROOM FOR RENT—Super-modern, furnished apartment, electiric . refrigeration, private entrance, private bath. 316 N. Salisbury.
MADS
NOW PLAYING
“Tvi*
— PLUS — Crime Doesn't Pay Featurette
Henry C. Wolfe, free' lance correspondent, and expert on European affairs, will be the speaker at the next all-University convocation Thursday, February 16, in the Memorial Gymnasium. His topic will be “What Is Happening in the World Today.” Wolfe has had 22 years of contact with Europe and the various personalities behind the news. He spent the last summer gathering material for his lectures in central Europe arid the Balkans. His articles have appeared in the New York Times Magazine, the Atlantic Monthly, Harper’s, the American Mercury, and other magazines.
Sixty per cent of Colun^iri University’s graduates continue their studies in the university’s advanced schools.
Notices
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
FOR SALE—1929 Essex Coach —^ Two new rear tires — upholstering good. 629 North Fifth.
A.S.M.E.: All members who have not received their cards and emblems may call for them Thursday, Saturday or Tuesday in Prof. Cope’s office (ME 112) between the hours of 10 and 11.
‘I just know I’m going to be an old maid—285,000 passenger air miles and not a single proposal!”
Varsity Batterymen: All varsity battery candidates will report in the Fieldhouse, February 12, at 4 p. m. —FEHRING.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held Tuesday, February 13, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 343 of the Union. —FRANTZREB.
"’ilOOMMATE WAN’TEP: Quiet room, , downstairs. Stoker heat, close to Union. Rent reasonable; may work for part of rent. Phone 2759.
SCA Board Meeting: Important meeting Tuesday, February 13, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 302, Union. —BREWER.
KAPPA KEY LOST Wednesday, January 31. If found please call Alice Reed, 4079. Reward.
WAA: All girls interested in the ping pong or shuffleboard tournament please sign in the women’s gym immediately. (2-11) —HOLDEN.
Union Sophomores: Important meeting in the Union office, Monday, February 12, at 4 p. m. Those expected are C. Brandt, T. Hays, J. Wolff, M. R. Craig, C. Reifers, K. Hawkins. —^HOFFER.
Minewanka Campers: Meeting of American Youth Foundation founders Monday, February 12 at 4 p. m. in Room A of the Union. ‘ ‘ —HARRIS.
PLEASANT ROOM, FACULTY HOME, Hills and Dale’s. Single, or share double. Seniors, graduates, instructors. Dial 2174. WANTED—Roommates. Two room apartment, bathroom adjoining. Single beds. 157 Pierce, Phone 76634.
PIA Members: The constitution will be amended Monday, February 12. All members interested in voting come to the PIA office at 7:30 p. m. —HINSHAW.
Kappa Delta Pi: First meeting of the second semester will be held in room 201 of the Education building, 7:30 p. m. Tuesday, February 13. Open meeting with Dr. Davis speaking. ' —BRODY.
Purdue Engineer: All freshmen desiring to try out for the Purdue Engineer are expecteij to attend the call-out meeting to be held at 4 p. m. Tuesday, February 13. Please report to the new Engineer office, located on the second floor of the Union west wing. —OTT.
Lost—Slide rule (LLD). Finder please call . Clarence Laliberte at 3063. Reward.
Garden Club: Meeting Saturday, February 10, at 7:30 p. m. in Room 263 of the Union. —PHILLIPS.
Scrivener Club: Meeting at 326 Chauncey , Street, Sunday, February 11, at 7 :30 p. m. Guests are coming. Bring manuscripts. MUNRO.
Cheerleaders: Meet in tumbling room of fieldhouse at 1:30 p. m. Saturday, February 10, for Debris picture. All possible please be there. —DUNSHEE.
Wanted—Bicycle, recent model, balloon tirep, 28 in. rims, good condition. Blackwell 8446.
Junior Military: All Juniors report to supply room at once to be measured for leggings for summer camp. —HATTAN.
Eta Kappa Nu: Important meeting Wednesday, February 14, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 134 of the EE building. —KEEN.
Wesley Players: Final tryouts for “Martyr’s Return’’ will be held Sun4ay, February 11, at,2 p. m. at the Foundation house. —BROOME.
Marriage Lectures: The first of a series Of Youth and Marriage lectures, “The Wedding Ceremony’' will be presented Sunday, February 11, at 6:30 p. m. in the West Lafayette Baptist Church. Everyone invited. -FORD.
Cadet Officers’ Luncheon Committee: Meeting Monday, February 12, at 4 p. m. in Major Warren’s office. —WARD.
-TODAY - MONDAY-
THE SURPRISE HIT PICTURE OF THE YEAR . . . FEATURING THE SONG SENSATION OF THE NATION . . . !
This production will not be shown anywhere except at advanced prices ... at least until 1941.
Bxaotly as shown in its lamed Atlanta and Broadway Premieres.
GONE WIWHE WIND
BOX OFFICE NOW OPEN DAILY 9:00 a. m. to 9:00 p. m. NIGHT SHOWS (8 P. M.) All Seats Reserved $1.10 Inel. Tax SUNDAY MAT. (2 P. M.) All Seats Reserved $1.10 Inel. Tax WEEKDAY MATS. CONTINUOUS Not Reserved 75c Inch Tax
LAFAYETTE
PHONES—6915 - 6914 STARTS SAT., FEB. 17
NOW SHOWING
THE SCREEN'S GREATEST COMEDY TEAM REUNITED FOR THE BIGGEST LAUGH SHOW OF THEIR CAREERS!
Hang on you're going for a New High in up-up-up-roarious Fun!
Stan LAUREL
Oliver HARDY
THE FLYING DEUCES — PLUS — THE SECRET ROMANCE OF THE VIRGIN QUEEN!
BETTE
ERROL
>DA¥lS’mN^
The PirM® yvesef suziBaiyi'
rnd;
A WARNER BROS. Picture • Directed by MICHAEL CURTIZ
Deac says:
Purdue is such a wonderful place for many reasons. One of them is that when freshmen come to Purdue they generally ‘‘know it all” and when they leave as seniors they know they don’t know anything, leaving all that
knowledge here. H. G. "Deac" REISNER, Book Store
MRnfEIlf
(>il
ym
* Bf
7.f,
' ' ’ ' > 1, , :: 5t
/
Sunday, February 11, 1940
^xpmuunL Spo\iSu fiixqsL
Ji
i'
Riveter Swimmers
Beat Fort Wayne Y Tankmen, SOVi-30^2
In the first of two dual meets scheduled for the Boilermakers while on their week-endNroad trip, Coach, Papenguth’s swimmers nipped the Port Wayne YMCA to the extent of a 50% to 30% score Friday night in the Fort Wayne “Y” pool. The Boilermakers grabbed seven firsts out of nine events, but were unable to score slams in any of the races. Two new pool records were established by Boilermakers in the puddle-sized Fort Wayne pool which is only 50 feet long compared to lanes of 75 feet in length at the home pool of Papenguth’s charges. Both marks were set in relay events. A new record of 5:20.9 was reeled off in the 400 yard free style by the Riveter quartet composed of Branner, Herr, Harris, and Kratzer. The other mark came in the^ 300 yard medley relay on the shoulders of a 3:20.6 performance. Top scoring honors of the evening were credited to Captain Johnny Graham of the Riveter squad who put himself in the limelight by capturing the 220 and 440, yard free style events. Turning the tide from the placing in the earlier meeting of the two teams. Port Wayne’s Vogel pulled a surprise by outskimming Boilermaker Dick Kratzer to the tape in the 60 yard free style. It was one of the few defeats suffered by the speedy Boilermaker sophomore free styler in dual meets this year. However, the tables were turned when Kratzer met Vogel in the 100 yard race, and Vogel was forced into third place while another “Y” tankman stroked into second place.
^iolrfoh^A. Qhoksi
By Robert J. Deckard
Billiards King To Give Exhibilioo
ATHLETIC POT-POURRI NUMBER SIX
It’s a gadget they’ve got at the University of Chicago ... You might call it a “Pieldhouse Frankenstein” . . . Wally Herbert, tennis coach of the Maroon Big Ten championship brigade, recently concocted a robot that fires 800 balls across a tennis net in one hour.
-fe-
lt has eight speeds forward; can dish up serves, lobs, and drop shots; £md is never guilty of a foot fault. ... In addition to this, the device also brushes up the knap on wellworn balls.
Billiard champion Charles C. Peterson will arrive here tomorrow to give the first of his two scheduled fancy-shot exhibitions before the student body and faculty. These exhibitions will be given on Monday and Tuesday nights, starting at 7:30 p. m., in the Union ballroom. At ten o’clock each morning, Peterson will be in the billiard room to give free instruction; everyone interested in attending his free classes should register with Coach P. E. Whitney in the billiard room immediately. The classes will be continuous, the last one each day starting at 5 p. m.. It is possible that student requests will bring about a third performance, at 4 p. m. Tuesday. If so, announcement will be made in the Tuesday Exponent.
\
-fc-
period he worked hard, but didn’t
get his freshman numerals.
It was a sad evening for some athletes on the University^of Michigan campus Friday when Wolverine students took in the top social event of the year, the J-Hop . . . All of Michigan’s winter athletic teams, save the track contingent, saw action last p. m. . . . Consequently, no J-Hop for the athletes who had to stay at home and retire early to keep in physical fitness for yesterday’s contests.
—^fc-
-fc—
Summary: 300 yard medley—Purdue, first; Fort Wayne Y, second. Time: 3:30.6. 220 yard free style—Graham (P), first; T. Harris (P), second; Clevenberger (FW), third. Time: 2:30.8. 60 yard free style—^Vogel (PW), first; Kratzer (P), second; Branner (P) and Clevenger (FW) tied for third. Diving-jPurste (FW), first; Parkas (P), second. 100 yard free style—Kratzer (P), first; Vocclamp (FW), second; Vogel (FW), third. Time: 56.9. 150 yard back stroke—^T. Ander-
It does us good to see a Boilermaker show courage ... In his freshman year, Bobby Reed, junior mechanical from LaGrange, 111., went out for the freshman track team, making hurdles his specialty ... For awhile, Bobby didn’t do so good, but he kept coming out and trying . . . During the entire spring training
Then last year sometime Bobby, who plays the neatest sax you ever laid eyes on, went with a bunch of student musicians out of town to “play a job” ... On the way back to Lafayette, an accident occurred. Bobby was hurt rather seriously . . . But he stuck in school and made the most of it... Then Little Jack Little and his orchestra came to town to “Bolero Rhythm” for the Greeks ... He needed a sax man badly . . . And surprise of all surprises. Little Jack called on for Bobby for help . . . He That’s what we call courage, my helped last night and did it well . . . friends.
—fc—
sen (P), first; Levenberger (FW) second; Mecredy (P), third. Time: 1:59.5.
200 yard breast stroke—^Tingley (P), first; Snyder (PW), second; Furste (FW), third. Time: 2:47.3.
Sonja “Golden Girl” Henie, worldfamous ice skater, who has had only one major accident on theiice rink, says her greatest fear of accident on the ice is caused by amateur photographers who use flash bulbs. . . . They pop her near the dashboard, and, Sonja, skating blind, fears she may crash into the barrier.^
—^fc—
440 yard free style—Graham (P), first; Smith (P), second; Stettler (FW), third. Time: 5:20.9. 400 yard free style relay—Purdue (Branner, Herr, Harris, Kratzer), first; Fort Wayne Y, second. Time: 3:50.5.
Alphonse “Flip” Anders, sophomore at the University of Illinois, who was the first negro to win a football letter at the Illini institution in 25 years, did not register for the new semester because of scholastic difficulties, and will not be available for the team next fall.
DonH think you^re
ALL ASHED-UP
when you lose your Slide Rule . Fountain Pen Books Car Keys
Glasses Girl—or other valuable belonging.
Use the Exponent’s lost and found in the Classified Section
the Purdue Exponent
Business Phone 5038
Boilermaker Netmen Face Chicago Next
All Big ten Teams See Action
Cue Artist
Tomorrow; IU Plays Michigan
Anxious to return to their winning ways after fast night’s loss to Indiana, the Boilermaker net forces will joutney down to the Windy City tomorrow to face the lowly Chicago aggregation. The Maroons, who have yet to win a conference battle, are depending on their zone defense, the only one in the conference, to stop the Riveters. Indiana will face Michigan in the headline affair of the evening, while Illinois plays host to Northwestern, Ohio State journeys to Iowa, and Minnesota meets Wisconsin at Madison.
Charles Peterson, world famous billiard champ, will demonstrate his tricks with the cue tomorrow and Tuesday nights in the Union billiard room.
Herman Phillips, genial Boilermaker track coach, was track captain and national quarter-mile champion during his undergraduate days at Butler University and was on the Olympic team in 1928 . . . Herm is the originator of the farfamed Butler Relays, one of the nation’s outstanding indoor track meets which is held annually at Indianapolis.
-fc—
Legislators of the state of Wisconsin are allowed to appoint one out-state student to a scholarship for the tuition amount of $200 every year . . . The number of legislators is 133.
—^fc—
Tom Harmon, University of Michigan football star, recently dropped his activities on the Wolverine basketball team because of “studies and finance” . . . Incidentally, Harman, led the Wolves’ five last year in the scoring department.
Rhett Butler
Clark Gable as Rhett Butler in the filmization of Margaret Mitchell’s celebrated novel, “Gone with the Wind,” opening Saturday, February 17, at the Lafayette Theater.
Riveters Want Revenge It was at the Purdue Fieldhouse that the Maroons and the Boilermakers last met, in a game which ended sadly for the Gold and Black. The Maroons tripped the Gold and Black five 28-26 to conclude one of the “worst” seasons in years of Purdue basketball, the Riveters winding up in fifth place with six wins and six losses. While the big favorite in tomorrow’s game, the Boilermakers will be facing a team which came to within a point of Illinois earlier this year, and which lost the opener to the Badgers by a mere two points. Considered strong for a Chicago team, the Windy City outfit will be out for blood in the coming game, the second in a row for the Boilermakers away from home. The starting line-ups for both teams will probably be much the same as last night’s line-ups. Boilermaker Nemesis In the opening quintet for the Maroons will be the lad who dropped in that winning basket last March 6, center Lounsbury. The rangy pivot man has led the Maroons through two seasons in which the team was able (to date) to remain out of the cellar in the Western Conference. At forwards for the Chicago team will probably be Stampf, who scored 19 points against Loyola, and Stanley. Zimmerman is also due to see action against the Riveters. Jorgensen and Richardson are scheduled to start at the guards. Wildcats Face Illini Northwestern, bracketed into a three way tie for fourth position before last night’s battle with Michigan, invades the Illini fieldhouse tomorrow in quest of a victory tha^ might well put them back on the comeback trail. A weak Purple defense played an important part in recent defeats suffered at the hands of Marquette and Notre Dame, but last Thursday’s impressive victory over a hot Butler quintet, marks Northwestern as a definite threat, at least for the near future, pitted against any team in the Big Ten. Furthermore, “Dutch” Lonberg, N. U. cage mentor, is taking a revamped squad down to Champaign. Sophomore Dick Klein is shifted from center to guard position, and Captain Don Clawson, football star, is taking the jump spot. Bob Shepherd will be put in as forward. The Illini, also, look to the battle as an important factor in determining their future status in the Big Ten race. The opening quintet will probably include Hoot Evers and Johnnie Drish in, the forward spots, with Handlon and Drue handling the guard positions. Hoosiers, Wolves Tangle Indiana plays its second important game within two days when the Hoosiers play host to a hot
Michigan quintet on Monday night. Both teams are riding Close to the top of the Big Ten heap; but Indiana, playing on home tenitory, is conceded a slight advantage over the Wolverines. Bill Menke will probably open at center spot for the Hoosiers, with Paul Armstrong, McCreary or Schaefer at forward and Captain Huffman and Dro at the guard positions. The brunt of Michigan’s offensive attack will probably be borne by forwards Mike Sofiak and six-foot-four Rae. The two men have, together, totalled something like 119 points in Big Ten competition. Hawks Meet Bucks The battle at Iowa against Ohio State, and the Minnesota-Wiscon-sin tussle, will wind up Monday night’s events. The Hawkeyes have suffered several hard defeats going into this week-end, with a record of three losses against one victory. Ohio, on the other hand, was part of a four way tie for fourth place at the same time. Minnesota, backed by a 46-44 victory over Indiana, and with a record marred only by a few close defeats, is conceded a slight advantage over the boys from Madison.
Baseball Batteries (Continued from page 1)
swept Purdue out of a share of the conference flag. War go, listed as a pitcher at the present, may change to the outfield, because his hitting is much more impressive than his slab work. However, working into the outfield may be hard with such veterans as John Vernon, M. L. Stamm, and George Dougherty fighting for a position. Catching Spot Open The graduation of Art Bredewater left the starting catcher position wide open for a mob of aspirants including underclassmen Fisher, Yeager, Bob Ainsley, Ken Crawford, Joe Inman, Woody Walton, and maybe Dougherty. Of these mentioned players, Fisher had the most playing time chalked up for him, last season with Yeager sebond. Soph Pitchers Another pitching gi-oup includes the sophomore flingers. Leading the soph candidates is basketbaUer Don Blanken. Blanken, while attending summer school last summer, pitched for the Lafayette Red Sox in the I-O league, and his performances were impressive except for weakening in late innings. Other soph pitchers are Frank Freiher and Paul Mitchell.' Next week, the other members of the squad who are not engaged in basketball will join the battery men for infield practice and batting cage practice.
Don't Worry Chum!
If you get splashed by accident curse the "'splasher" if you must, be thankful of one thing. You can have your suit or coat cleaned in a jiffy.
The lowest price that quality permits.
mu
Northwestern at Vine
Phone 4081i
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
Sunday, February 11, 1940
U. S. Policy
. .. in the Far East received a dressing down a week ago from Walter Lippmann, widely read columnist for the New York Herald Tribune. Lippmann severely criticized the abrogation of the 1911 trade treaty with Japan, branding it as ‘‘the longest step on the road to war that the U. S. has taken since President Wilson announced in 1915 that he would hold the German government to strict accountability for its acts.” Mr. Lippmann argues that the abrogation of the treaty puts the U. S. in the position of challenging a great power. We agree! Is it not logical to challenge a man if he rushes into your house, rudely pushes you aside and blandly plunders your property ? Perhaps it’s illogical, but it’s good enough for us. We should like to point out that it was the weak-kneed policy of the British at Munich that precipitated Hitler’s territorial expansion and the present European war. Had Chamberlain and his cohorts refused to permit the division of Czechoslovakia, Europe might still be at peace today. And peace, regardless of how unstable, is better than no peace at all! Everyone is aware of the fact that the treaty was set aside for the purpose of bringing imperialistic Japan to task for her continued insults to American rights and properties. That nothing has happened by this diplomatic move is nothing to be alarmed about. According to Lippmann, if anything were going to happen it would have happened by now. Many, no doubt, were disappointed by the seemingly in- . different attitude of the Japanese. On the other hand, the threat of an embargo and the disruption of diplomatic .relations with the U. S. should temper the present and future actions of the Nipponese. This, it seems to us, is the ultimate aim of that move. Furthermore, upon the advice of Rear Admiral Harry E. Yarnell, formerly in charge of the U. S. fleet in the Far East, any backing down on the part of the U. S. would not only endanger our position with the Japanese but also with the Chinese whose co-operation and respect has been wooed for the past 100 years. In China one of . the worst catastrophies that can befall a man is to “lose face,” the Chinese way of expressing the loss of respect. Yamell spent a great many years in the Orient in the service and since his retirement has been a great aid to the State department in shaping the U. S. policy in China and Japan.. Our attitude toward war has not changed. We still refuse to fight on foreign soil “to save * the^world for democracy” or anything else, but neither shall we permit any militaristic nation
Purdue Exponent
R. E. Insley Editor-in-Chief W. E. Smith Bnsineaa Manager D. G, Terrio, Editorial Director; G. W. Frederick, Managring Editor; E. M. Antonini, Senior Advertiaing Man- ' ager; G. Schilling, Co-ed Editor; R. Jenkina, Sports Editor. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 All unsigned editorials are written by the editorial director. Entered as second class matter at the post offlea la Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress (tf Uaroh 8, 1879, and at the special rate tA postage prorided for in section 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authoriied Janoarjr 1922. Published daily except Monday daring the regular academic year and weekly during the Sununer Seosion. Delivered locally by carrier for 83.00 per year, niBU snhBcription 88.60. Represented for national advertising by National Edvertising Service, Inc.; College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Night Editor, Marquis Ass’t. Night Editor, Swaim - Day Editor Katzenberg Staff; Adamson, Dolan, Johnson, and Lipes. ' Sunday, February 11, 1940.
But
Incidentally
By Vladimir Just for the fun of it we watched one hour of Campus Varieties yesterday afternoon. We liked it, except for a little man with a script who kept running back and forth in front of the stage. And the two fellows in the audience who chewed gum strictly in time with ‘‘Melancholy Baby.”
The drummer with the orchestra was the calmest individual we have seen. While furnishing rhythm for the first several songs, he calmly smoked a pipe. ' ■ The most amazing thing about Ms whole performance was a large puff of smoke he ejected on each heavy drum beat.
We’d like to correct the announcer’s English. At one point he said, ‘‘The band will now play careless.” The word is Carelessly-”
All in all, the program was the longest exhibition of pantomine we’ve seen for years and years. We’re anxiously waiting to see what television will do to our own Campus Varieties. .
Just to show all of you students how lucky you are to get to vote for prom bands and all our various queens, we’ll quote a headline from the “Daily Reveille” of Louisiana State University. It said, “VOTE MACHINE TO PICK QUEEN.” ■ See! At other colleges they are doing it by robots.
At this point we’ll quote the Exponent for a few days back. “Miss Blank,” it said, “lively junior co-ed, has secretly announced her engagement to a trusting friend.” That’s what we alw^s say, never mai’ry someone you can’t trust.
to develop a superiority complex such as was the case in Germany while we still have such powerful economic weapons as our trade treaty with Japan! —R.W.D.
George Kruder has finally passed his pin out to the Mary who wrote him that gushy letter which was published in this column a few months ago. The. brothers in the Triangle house do not approve of his selection and there has been a little storm brewing around the house. George threatens to raise the house bill if they don’t change their ways ... —B & B— We dedicate this little ditty to all students who are coming out on top. It is called “Hairless.” Hairless, now that I’m using cheap shampoo. I’m hairless, hairless, no matter what I do. The women shim me, and all run away, I think I’ll purchase a new toupe. Hairless, now that I’ve got them on s the run I’m hairless, h'airless, and missing all the fun. Am I just hairless as I seem to be? Or is there just less hair on me? —B & B— Any fahiiliarity to any recently popular song is purely coincidental, irrelevant and immaterial.
Miss Palmer Speaks On Home Sewing At Meeting Miss Philena Palmer, professor, of clothing and textiles, was a guest speaker at the Wm. H. Block and Company Store, Indianapolis, last Thursday. Miss Palmer ^poke in the afternoon on the advantages of home sewing, with a discussion of the practical problems of fitting, shot cuts to Successful sewing and style ideas.
Phi Delt Lewis Gray is considered out of the ranks of eligible bachelors on this campus. His friends report that Lewis is very much “that way” about a girl in Chicago, even bringing her up here for a week-end inspection of our University. No mention was made of a pin, however ... —B & B— ' It’s kind of disheartening for ns to find that at the beginning of every semester, the “joe” life the the student is at a very low ebb. It may be that they are all on the baU this semester, after turning oyer a new leaf, but we can furnish juicy dirt when spring rolls around. We’ll do our best now, but we leave it to you to send in the contribs during this lax season. Mars passes await! —B & B— What popular young Exponent co-ed is regarded by. an alumnus at Randolph field as “the cutest li’l de-icer that I know?” What say, Cy?
WBAA TODAY 11:00—History of the 19th Century, Prof. V. L. Albjerg 11:60—Purdue News Plashes 12:00—Agricultural Forum 12:16—Sports Review 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time ,12:45—Farm Security Administration l:00-^Principles of Sociology Prof. T. K. Nobs 1:46—Market Reports 2:00—Safety Program 2:30—Foods-Facts-Fancies 2:46—Mary Louise Switzer — pianist 3:00—Little Red Schoolhouse of the Air 2:30—Scientific News Review 4:00—American Ramily Robinson 4:15—A1 Canine—^baritone 4:46—Story Book Hour.
WBAA
. . . will hold auditions for announcers tomorrow afternoon at 5 o’clock at the studios on the third floor of the Electrical Engineerings building. Sponsored By . . . . the Student Union, there will be a tea dance in the new Union Ballroom Tuesday afternoon at 4 o’clock. All students are invited to attend.
Are Your Clothes Ready? for the coming after-holiday activities that are near. Better send us your evening garments for a nice cleaning, You’ll want to look your best!
American Laundry
Phone 3085
Briefs by Clarence
Today Clarence has exactly twelve minutes to write Briefs. At the end of that period dinner starts, on the dot. Allowing seven minutes to get home and dress, three minutes to think of an idea, and two minutes to find a sheet of paper for the typewriter, that leaves exactly
(Sorry, but there is no adding machine handy. I’ll just tell the one about Chico Marx. He is on record as having said, quote, “I’d give you my seat, but I’m sitting here.”
Clarence pauses just long enough to fill one of the. military dept.’s seventy-fives with a blank shell, and the rest of the tube with ripe tomatoes. At a definite time tomorrow he will fire the whole mess about four feet above, and parallel to, a picked University walk, trusting and hoping to hit a bunch of co-eds smack! Because there is no longer anyone on the sidewalks but co-eds. They walk four abreast, and so slow that pedestrians from both directions are forced to the mud and mire at the side.
Yesterday, the sun shone for a while, it rained, snowed and sleeted, and made the gn^ound very sloppy. I'll show you my shoes.
Hope Clarence can still aim a seventy-five.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Dairy Products
• Florists
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
Dorner's Flower Shop Qualify Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
• Rest. Supplies
• Hardware
Where To Buy It Dishes - Silverware Utensils - Glassware GILLESPIE'S 221’/2 Col. St. Phone6405
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EOGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354
I
lai [HI sroRv
• Locksmlfh
KEYS & LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padk>cks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPTS 209-n N. 5th St. Phene 2828
She'll more than appreciate thoughtfulness expressed this lovely way on St. Valentine's Day, Wednesday, February 14. The beauty and color of freshly cut flowers, lovely corsages, or any of the delightful ways that flowers can be prepared. If she doesn't live in the city, we can telegraph your flowers anywhere for you.
CIoaIlL J'hiaL ShofL
Phone 5432
527 Main Street
<%'■
k i
I