\ w •
32J00 Persons Speed To Death Last Year On U. S. Highways; 1^210^000 Injured
^ By WiUttee Once again statistics prove that DEATH ridqs the highways. Last ye^ 32,100 people lost their ^ lives on the highways of the United States, and 1,210,200 more were injured. Although the number of persons killed was approximately the same a^ last year, non-fatal injuries increasfed 64,600 over last year’s figures, a total just short of the all time high esteblished in 1937. It Speed — The Killer In approximately two-thirds of the accidents, the driver was at fault. Excessive speed was again t the worst offender, causing 7,990 deaths, approximately 25 per cent of all deaths on the road. Reckless driving ranked second with 3,220 , deaths, while driving on the wrong
side of the road followed closely^ with 3,200 fatalities. While it cjnly ranked fourth in the total number of persons killed, failure to have the right of way was the direct cause of 243,970 injuries. Contributing 2,640 deaths, driving . off the highway was another major factor in the death total for last year. An unusual sidelight on Automobile accidents is the factor titled, “Car ran away—^no driver.” Forty persons were killed and 3,220 injured in this manner. Poor Pedestrian Next comes the pedestrian. Everyone picks on him, but he was responsible for approximately a third of the deaths last year. Jay walking, or crossing between inter-
sections, headed both the dead and injured columns with 3,290 deaths and 68,460 injuries. Deaths caused by walking along rural highways ranked second with a total of 2,100. Only 210 pedestrians were killed while crossing an intersection with the light, but 1,200 deaths resulted from crossing against the light. 1,780 met death at intersections where there were no traffic lights. Coming from behind a parked car was another offender, killing 1,000. Age and Youth Two-thirds of the persons killed were between the ages of 16 and 64. Persons 66 and over ranked second, 6,170 of them meeting death, while 2,630 between the ages of 6 and 14 were killed. Persons from 16 to 66 years old
likewise topped the (injured list with a total of 931,860. Ages 6 to 14 were second with 176,690 injured, and 64,460 persons of 66 years and over were injured. Drivers from 26 to 64 years of age caused the greatest number of lai^t year’s accidents, contributing 24,960 fatalities and 928,860 injirries. 9,690 deaths and 292,720 injuries were caused by 18 to 24 year old drivers. Weather conditions are often the cause of many automobile accidents. 734,900 of last year’s accidents took place in clear weather. 71ft,720 of these were fatal. Rain prevailed at 96,510 accidents, snow at 18,940, and fog at 12,460. 672,810 accidents occurred on dry
pavements; 138,700, on wet roadways. Snowy and icy highways contributed 19,930 and 41,460 deaths and injuries, respectively. Experience—^Bah! Persons who have been driving for One year or more were involved in the most accidents in 1939, a total of 1,241,490. 36,120 of these were deaths. 33,480 accidents involved drivers with sik to 12 months experience; 24,680, with three to six months driving; and 3,910, with less than three months driving experience. Of the total number of injuries, 41.3 per cent took place at street intersections, 6,740 being killed at this location. Accidents between intersections followed closely with
433,670 tnjtaeies and 7,490 deaths. 176,900 accidents occurred on the highway, 11,310 of these fatal. Corves were the fourth raiddng offender, contributing 3,630 deaths, and 39,940 injured. The greatest number of accidents occurred between 1 and 6 a. m. Seven to 8 p. m. ranked second with 2,860 deaths and 89,560 injured. There was little di^erehce between the number of accidents occurring at other hours of the day. Nineteen per cent of all the automobile accidents last year occurred on Sunday.^ fotal number of accidents, the remaining days of the week ranked as follows: Saturday, Friday, Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, and Wednesday.
Purdue
X-ICS
Exponent
Volume 51# No. IQl
Sunday# March 10i» IdM
A Week of War By J. H. McKee War News Turned To Talk of Peace ... last week, as Sweden intervened in the north Europe conflict as a mediator for peace. The Soviet government has demanded that Finland accept her peace proposals, that include the surrendering of the Karelian Isthmus, the city of Viipuri, the Hanko penninsula, and the northern portion of Finland including Petsamo, befpre an armistice be negotiated. These terms for peace are much more severe than those tendered Finland before the Russian invasion last fall. In refutation of the peace reports, -i. ■ —■
however, the great battle of Viipuri continued with undiminished intensity, and the Finnish minister, in Stockholm stated Saturday that there could be no peace negotiations with Soviet Russia until a military truce has been declared. Finland demanded a definite assurance of Russian willingness to negotiate reasonable peace terms, precluding any possibility of a “Munich,” before ceasing hostilities. Nevertheless, in Moscow, Russian sources stated flatly that Russo-Finnish negotiations were proceeding. German Foreign Minister . . . Joachim von Rib||fentrop will arrive in Rome today to discuss European problems with Italian Premier Benito Mussolini. The recent visits of United States Undersecretary of State Sumner Welles may possibly be one reason for the visit. Von Ribbentrop left Berlin after he had talked with the former Finnish president Per Svinhufuvd, who visited the German capital in hope that the Nazi government would intervene in the RussoFinnish war. Svinhufuvd will journey to Rome following his visit to Nazi officials. In A Safety Move . . . Great Britain sent her 86,000 ton luxury liner Queen Elizabeth across the Atlantic last week to be docked in New York harbor until the cessation of histilities. The Queen Elizabeth, 1,030 feet in length, will be docked with her sister ship, the Queen Mary, the French liner Normandie, and another British liner, the Mauretania. Secrecy marked the ship’s crossing; no reporters were allowed to make the trip. No passengers wpe carried. Russia Lost An Estimafod . . . 100 tanks as the Soviet army continued its attempt to take Viipuri. Finnish artillery and airplanes bombed the ice on Viipuri bay, over which the advancing tanks were progressing. Finnish reports continue to deny that the city has fallen into Russian hands. The Class Of 1920 . . . was called in to service last week as Finland tried to stave off the new Russian drives on Viipuri. The new recruits will be few, as most of the younger Finns enlisted earlier in the war. For the first time in a week the Russian army renewed its attacks upon the Finnish Mannerheim defenses. No advance into Finnish territory was reported.
Great Britain ... interned six Italian coal ships, out of Rotterdam, heading for Italy. She announced that any neutral ship cairrying coal from Rotterdam would be liable tojbe detained and their coal confiscated as a prize of war. The cargo of the vessels detained last week will be held in British ports until the end of the war. The ships will be freed. 28 Guinea Pigs Cry'NoMen* In New Sc Plan “So we are guinea pigs.” The 28 girls enrolled in a new curriculum offered to co-eds this year. You see them running around the campus together and you hear them giggling above the rest of the classes. While they’re blazing the trail for future co-eds who wish to have a liberal arts education in a technical school, they manage to make themselves known as “The Guinea Pigs.” Every one in the class seems to enjoy the way they are allowed to express their ideas for the development of the course; but, the chief gripe is the absence of men in the group. Kept together in most of their classes and all men intruders frowned upon, you can imagine their pleasant surprise when they went to the first meeting in the second semester of their government recitation class and found almost twenty men in the room. There was a great deal of snickering and sly glances until the instructor walked in and requested that all students not in the Experimental Science Group to go to another room for their recitation. Naturally all groaned and howled but no matter what they said, there just weren’t any results. Oh well, they can go on being pioneers for the good of Purdue Women. At that they’re luckier than the girls in the home economics school. Former Student Writes Book Of Short Stories Miss Betty Ann Beaudry, who attended school in 1938, has recently published, “Men and Women,” a collection of short stories. Under her pen name of Betina Bodoronova, Miss Beaudry has presented in one volume many of her stoi;ie8 that have won high praise from many of the better critics. Miss Beaudry is the niece of Prof. D. T. Canfield of the electrical engineering school.
DeElliott Stresses Tremendous Cost Of Auto Accidents Police School Closes With Lunch In Union Captain Fred De Elliott, of the Muncie Police Department, addressed the closing session of the University sponsored Traffic' Officers Training School at a luncheon in the Union building, yesterday. Captain De Elliott stressed the tremendous cost of traffic accidents to the country, stating that personal injuries, deaths and property accidents resulting from traffic accidents cause from three to four times the economic loss that Clime costs in an equal period. Fifty-six police officers from 35 cities and towns throughout the state enrolled for the week session of the school under the direction of the public safety institute of the University, co-operating with the Indiana State Police. J. L. Lingo, director of the public safety institute, and Sgt. Paul Beverforden, of the State Police, headed the instruction staff. A. A. Potter, dean of engineering, presented certificates at yesterday’s luncheon for successful completion of the course work to 27 officers. ^ Certificate Awards Those who received certificates were: T. L. Foieman, Fowler; Walter Vice, Fowler; C. J. Randle, Delphi; E. W. Free, Elwood; Albert Schuck, Elwood; J. C. Alexander, LaPorte; James Borders, Decatur; Albert Combs, Montpelier; W. R. Maxwell, Brooksto; M. H. Schneider, Columbus; A. R. Carson, Logansport; S L. Everling, Logansport. D. A. Powlen, Logansport; M. A. Shackelford, Bedford; D. M. Kreamelmeyer. Auburn; W. E. Kimble, Bremen; W. S. Kline, Bremen; John McQuown, East Chicago; Arthur Daniels, Alexander; Don Whitmer, Goshen; Glen Nichols, Frankfort; Marion Major, Frankfort; C. A. Buffington, Culver; L. E. Buffington, Plymouth; and Walter Winten, Shelbyville. Fifty Student Pilots Solo In CAA Training Program The fifty students enrolled in the Civil Aeronautics Authority’s college flight training program have all soloed according to an announcement made by Captain Lawrence J. Aretz, operations manager of the University Airport and chief flight instructor. Two students, C. C. Huff, Bremen, junior in the school of agriculture, and J. W. Scott, Camden, senior in public service engineering qualified for CAA certificates last February 12. Mdnday R. A. Fink, Auburn; A. L. Hilpert, Stanford, III.; Fred Montague, Noblesville; J. N. Hall, Martin, Tenn.; R. E. Jansing, Cincinnati, 0., mechanical engineers; and Miss Joan Geer, Lowell, junior in the school of science, will be up for certificates.
Varsity Show's History Dates Prof. Hall Names Back To '20's, As Harlequin Show Dates For Senior
Marital Lectures
Governing Board Plahs Six Sessions
Editor’s Note: This is the first of a series' of articles on the forthcoming: Varsity Show of 1940. Varsity Show,^ as we know it today, has had a short but lively history. Let’s take a look at the record. Away back in the ’20’s the fore-runner of the present show, produced by the Harlequin Club and known as Harlequin, was the big noise of the campus dramatic world each spring. But then in the late ’20’s the Harlequin hit a snag or two and stopped production. It wasn’t until the school year of 1937-38 that the Varsity Show was formed, as an outgrowth of the Harlequi^ Club’s pro-
duction.
Now don’t get the idea that the campus lacked “the drama” all of those long years while the Harlequin was out and Varsity Show wasn’t in as yet. There was plenty of entertainment. But there wasn’t an all-campus show that gave socalled “cultural-minded” persons such complete chances to do their stuff until Varsity Show was organ-
ized.
The real excitement started, however, in 1938-39 (the spring of last
year, to be simple) when certain student activity leaders and students insisted that the “All-Cam-pus” as it was then known was getting to be a® “faculty review.” Objections were strenuous arid plentiful, until the organization of the show underwent <Jaustic changes. At the present time, production of the Varsity Show goes forward under the constitution that was formed at that time except for some minor changes, especially as to the distribution of profits to the organizations involved. Now it is known as the Varsity Show of 1940, and the personnel of the organization holds office for just one show. An electoral board of five representatives from th^ Purdue Playshop, music organizations on campus, and the Student Senate working with faculty members pass on all petitions for the Board of Con-
trol.
This Board of Control, after its appointment by the electoral group, is entirely in charge of the production (including its financial success or failure).
Co-ed Groups Nominate Candidates For Posts On Next Year's Boards On Wednesday, March 20, elections for position on WSGA’s and YWCA’s boards of control will be held from 8 a. m. to 5 p. m. in the great hall of the Union. All co-eds are eligible to vote for WSGA if they bring their passports, but only registered members of the YWCA can cast ballots for candidates up for election to that board. The WSGA ballot will contain the following names: Jane Black, Joyce Burnham and Paule Wwierlein for president; Mary Ellen Scarss, treasurer; Mary Jran Hutchinson and Agnes McCulloch Mary Ann Carpenter for junior repfor secretary; Mary Jane Bird and resentative; Florence Croll and Helen Schickler for sophomore representative. ^ The YWCA nominees are Ruth Bryant and Thelma Burhly for president; Jane Pulin and Jane Blind for treasurer; Catherine Lang and Bonnie Swope for secretary. Grad Receives Patent For New Inventions George V. Woodling, B. S. E. E. '23, E. E. ’82, who is now a patent attorney in Cleveland, Ohio, has recently been granted a patent for the invention of several devices in the field of air conditioning by the United States Patent Office. Several of Woodling’s inventions oi devices for use in the measurement of the temperature and relative humidity of air and for the control of air conditioning equipment so as to give the maximuip of personal comfort are covered by the patent.
Co-op Students . . . held their first dance on this campus in the north ballroom of the Union last night. There were approximately 100 couples who danced to the music of Irvan Maury and their orchestra, Thei^ backdrop of black and white contained the monogram, S. C. A.
The series of senior marital lectures which is conducted during the second semester of each year by the University will start immediately after the spring vacation. Poof. O. F. Hall of the education and applied psychology department announced yesterday afternoon. The first of six lectures will be delivered Thursday afternoon, April 4, at 4 o’clock. Lectures will follow each Thursday for six weeks. Postponed Officials in charge say that the lectures have been postponed until this date which is later than is usual so that the employment lectures could be finished, and because they have been able to secure better known speakers for the lectures following spring vacation. The listing of these lectures and the speakers will be announced at a later date. Herb Fishbum, president of the Student Senate, and Angus MoQollough, of WSGA, will act on a board including faculty members which will govern these lectures.
50 Couples
. . . danced to the music of Roscoe Haas and his Cary Club Orchestra last night in the lower lounge of Cary Hall North. Dancing lasted from 9 to 12.
Ninety Per Cent Of Nation's Students Opposed To Lowering Suffrage Age
By Student Opinion Surveys Although less than one-third of college students are eligible to vote in state or national elections, nearly nine out of every ten believe they should not.be allowed to go to the polls before they are 21. This is shown in a national study conducted by the Student Opinion Surveys of America. Asked, “Are you for or against lowering the voting age from 21 to 18?” only 11 per cent answered “yes,” That suffrage is for adults only seems to be a firmly-set tradition with the American people, voters as well as non-voting students. A sampling conducted by the American Institute of Public Opinion in June, 1939, pointed out that 83 per cent of the nation opposed reducing the suffrage age to 18. Intervieyring a carefully-selected cross section of students in all types and sizes of institutions, the Surveys found: For Against All students 11% 89% Students 21 or over ... 12 88 Students less than 21 10 90 The tabulations show that opinion is heavily in the opposition, and all student groups agree by almost
identical percentages. It should he noted that it is the younger people themselves who are most <^posed to allowing minors 18 to 21 to vote. Students 21 or over—a group of nearly half a million—are silghtly less opposed to such a change, and adult non-students are the least should be restricted because young the student poll was that voting against. The usual reas<m given in people 18 or 19 do not know enough about government. Surve3rs fig;ures, however, tend to show that sometimes college students are better informed than the average voter. For example, an American Institute poll brought to light that one third of mittee. The Surveys found only 17 the voters were not familiar with the activities of the Dies Comper cent of the collegians'(■had no opinion on the same subject. Whether to give younger persdos a voice in the government was brought into the headlines recently when the American Youth Comission pointed out that the cons^ntiy increasing number of aged people, who are eligible toivote, is making possible such programs as the Social Security Act, while youth, which is not enfranchised, htjis no power to bring about govemmeat solution of its problems.PURDUE EXPONENt
Simd)ay« March 10. 1940
^Pennies From Heaven* Rain As Campus Enjoys Current Carnival
By Donna Seiss “Pennies from Heaven” came pouring down from the skies as murmurs of, “Shucks, I forgot my umbrella,” were heard at the WAA Penny Carnival' held last night. Ami^t the gaiety, confusion, jubilance of the carnival, complete with barkers, tumbling exhibits, side shows galore and plenty of dancing, pennies rained forth from the heavens as balloons were loosed from their stringrs and let fly among the entertainment seekers. And may we add, these seekers did not seek in vain. The extraordinary, stupendous, collosal show of the evening was proclaimed by the honored judges to be that of the Delta Gam rat race. A live white rat ran his head off to please the customers. If he chose your hole for a diving spot, you walked off with the prize. Chi Omega, Kappa Alpha Theta and WRH-N captured honorable mentions. The gambling den of the Alpha Zi Deltas lured many innocents into its fold. There was much throwing of chips and twirling of the roulette wheel fn this den of initiquity. Well, if it isn’t the prexy in caricature. And there he was together with several Other notables in the Sportswomen’s booth titled the “Rogue’s Gallery.” “Aim for a Kiss”—^well, why not. A terrible disappointment when after shooting a bull's eye, a young hopeful was presented with a—candy kiss from a Phi Mu. Well, blow me down or do my eyes deceive me—^real, live ducks
waddling around in a real pool of water. “Ring the duck, and grab yourself a prize,” shouted the Chi Omega’s. “Alpha <!hi Lyre—Send Your Wire” sent lots of carnival attenders to the Alpha Chi Omega booth. With the good wishes of Kappa Alpha Theta, penny pitchers tossed their coins into the wishing well to see wether “Wishing Will Make It so.” A black face with a big red mouth defied you to “Sock Him in the Puss” at the Thaeles’ booth. A hit meant an extra chance at the grinning face. We “Cast Our Lot for a Lot of Kisses” at the Modem Dance booth in hopes of coming out with a poem telling us how many of those delicious candy kisses might be ours. Cigarettes were given at the WRHN booth for twirling the wheel in the “Greek Whirl” to the correct fraternity or sorority. The booth was decorated writh the emblems of the Greek organizations in gold and black. A large arrow lighted the way to the Pi Phi booth at which a little dart throwing took place. Kappa Kappa Gamma piled in the pennies with their “Ring the Rosey” entertainment. Back it and kick it good and hard was the secret of the successful “Kick It” player at the WAA booth. After taking in all the side shows we couldn’t resist seeing the tumbling by the WAA girls and the splashing by the Triton club members. Nothing like a carnival, we always say for variety and gosh dern fun.
Co-ed Swim Records Broken In Wire Meet With National Foes February 29 and March 6 saw co-eds break all of Purdue’s swimming records for women. Competing in the National telegraphic meet, Lorain Bremis succeeded in cutting time from the 40 yard free style. Barbara Cook, senior, broke the 40 yard breast stroke record and the relay teams bettered both past relay records. When the results from the other 60 colleges competing are received, Purdue’s standing in National competition will be known. Results of the meet were wired Jbo Indiana, the sponsor of l;he central region. This was the University’s first participation in the meet, but since the majority of Purdue’s swimmers were underclasswomen, it is expected that the University will have a bright outlook at future meets. Indiana Confradors Hold Tenth Convention The Indiana Water Well Contractors Association held its tenth annual convention on the campus on Thursday and Friday. The discussions concerned new fields of business for the sanitary well contractors and the installation and construction of deep well turbine pumps. The 40 members attending the meetings elected Earl Merritt of New Augusta president at the dosing session.
Hawaiian "Joes" Air Opinions On Shoeless Dances
By Rollo *1116 University of Hawaii, Honolulu, has a social problem that has not hit Purdue as yet, but one can never tell. The problem, so the head on the lead story of the Ka Leo A Hawaii, student publication, is “To go formal or barefooted to dances.” The opinion seems evenly split on campus and the question is very hotly debated. Says one student, member of Kappa Epsilon Theta fraternity, “Comfort should come first. Why should dancers be miserable with too much clothing in the hotter part of the year ? I see nothing wrong with aloha shirts and slacks then. After all, we go to dances to enjoy ourselves.” This same student was adament in his opposition to bare feet. “I’m
against it from an esthetic point of view,” he stated. “Not one person in ten has good looking feet. Let them wear shoes even if they have to fill them with sand to feel at home.” The girls took a different posi'tion. One co-ed, member of Ka Pueo sorority, was all for a really informal, come-as-you-please dance now and then. At formal dances she thought that short dresses would suffice for the girls, but that men should wear coats. She mused regretfully that she doesn’t go around barefooted much anymore. She’s growing up. “I restrict myself to rainy days,” she said. Another man’s opinion: “As long as we behave ourselves it’s a whole lot more fun with aloha shirts and slacks for the boys, and the girls
too, if they want them. It depends on the occasion, though.” One good looking young co-ed (statistics from a cut) brunett brought up a point that still disturbs the socially minded Purdue Co-ed. She says, when questioned concerning informal dress at the dances, “That’s just what happened at the Fresno dance; the girls all came dressed up in long dresses and the Fresno boys who were our dates wore aloha shirts. And we all felt so uncomfortable.” As near as we can determine an aloha shirt is a shirt that isn’t a shirt. It is a cross between a nightgown and a sports shirt with the emphasis on the night gown. In other words it is a shirt, square cut, that is worn outside the pants with a soft open sport collar.
Notices No DotieM will bo oeecptod oftor 8 p. at.
CE 6 Conditions: Examination will be held in rown 101 of the civU building Tuesday. March 12, from 4 to 7 p. m. Get permit slips in CE 102.
Varsity Show: Tryouts for orchestra to be held at Fowler Hall Wednesday, March 13, at 4:06 p. m. —SMULEVITZ.
March 11, at 4 p
quired
Theta Alpha Phi: Important meeting Sunday, March 10, at 4 :30 p m in room 305 of the Union. Plans for Varsity Show to be discussed. —HETTEMA
No experience re-
—NEPTUNE.
Alpha Zeta: Meeting in old Agriculturist office Wednesday night, March 13, at 7
o’clock
—HITCHCOCK.
ME 31 Conditions: Examination will be held in room 801 of the ME building on Saturday, April 6 at 1 p. in. All who intend to take this make-up should notify the uiv C £ 41: An examination for the removal of “C” firradeo will be held m room 126* Heavilon Ball* 1 to 4 p. m.. Saturday, March 16. Permission to take the ex^ination must be obtoined fron^e^ersigned prior to March 18. —GREVB. M E 61 Conditionals: Exanaination for the removal of condition* in M.EL 61 will b« held April 6, at 1 p. m. ‘i* the nieehanical engineering building. All interest^ parties should notify the undersigned on or before
Outing Club; Hike to Happy Hollow for camp fire supper Sunday, March 10, weather permitting. Meet in front of fieldhouse at 2 p. m For reservation please call Marcile Lang, 2823, Fred Cordua, 36293, George Shawkins 46473, or Marjorie Ward, 41111, before Saturday noon, March 9. —SHAWKINS.
Skull and Crescent: Meeting Tuesday, March 12, at 12:30 p. m. in the reception room of the Union Be there. —BELLES
POMM Pledges: Formal pledging Monday, March 11, at 6 p. m., in the armory. Bring one dollar for pledge fee. All active members should be present. Wear formal uniform —HUKST.
WAA Badminton: Sign up on bulletin board m gym for singles tournament by Wednesday, March 13. —SCHRODER.
Union Workers: All freshmen and sophomore workers who are interested in addressing envelopes for Mother’s Day report to Union office for meeting Monday. March 11 at 4 p m. —BENNETT. University Orchestra: Rehearsals with the choir for members of the orchestra for “Seven Last Words" are scheduled as follows : Sunday afternoon, March 10, at 2:80. Tuesday afternoon, March 12, at 4:00. 'Thursday night, March 14, at 7:16. Saturday afternoon, March 16, at 2:00.
Typists: All those people interested in ■working for the Student Senate, doing typing for students, meet in room 860 at 4 p. m., Thursday, March 14. —RUSTY. >
ZonsTes: Meeting Monday, March 11, at 4 p m. in the armory to discuss the University of Kentucky trip. It is imperative for all members to be present. ——jiURSX.
Fencing: Freshmen and all others interested in fencing tourney please come to the third floor of the Fieldhouse, Monday,
Freshmen and Sophomore Military Studento: Sign up immediately in the supply room of the armory for Scabbard and Blade best BoWier contest. Medals, citations, and merits will be awarded. Further details will be posted on
M E 80: A make-up final for men r^ ceiving “C" grades in my divisions of M B 80 last term will be given Saturday, March 16 at 1 p. m. in M B 118. _coPE. Stndejkt Union: Meeting of the entire music room staff in the Union office on Monday, March 11, at 4 p m. Blodem Dance: The following girls are eligible for ^nce clnb and must appear for rriMarsal Tuesday, March 12, at 7:15 in the women’s gym: Jane Anderson, Beth Amoss, Allison Brode, Florence Croll, Dorothy Ertel^p, Georgialou Fleager, Margie Hans, Msixnerite Harpster, Phyllis Hyde, ntoUhft jgSikB, Jean Jones, Jean Lucas, Myra Meese, Mary K- Miller, Olive Metsgev. Margaret Ollphant, Ellen Suttner, Hilda atorz, Bonnie Bwope, Marjorie Thomas, Lucille Wiamer, Esther Weed, Nelda Wood, Anita Worsley, CaHierlne Zechial. The girls entering this semester should also be present at this r^earsal. _kn,ght.
Omicron No: Meeting Monday, March 11, at 4 p. m. Members please attend. ’ —HORWITZ.
Eta SanPa Nn: Smoker Tuesday, March 12, at 7:89 p. m. In room 886 of Union. —KEEN
ARC
-TODAY - MONDAY-
AUu FAYE dot* AMECHE
— AND —
• .. . fANAMOUNl fN»£NTS GEORGE RAFT* ELLEN DREW in .
— ALSO — SHORT SUBJECT
LUNA -TODAY - MONDAY-
2 SWELL HITS!
With JAMES STEPHENSON 1R60T STEVENSON • HENRV O'NEIU • EDWARD BROPHY — IT'S FIRST RUN — PLUS—2nd Hit
-i M.-jJflijSJ
GRIN AND 8EAR IT
By Uchfy \
Co-eds Only
By Tad Stiera ’Tis generally stated—^by otihers than the learned Confucius—^that spring must come at least once a year. . . . And ^hough naturally of a trusting, lamh-like disposition, not even caring if the season viias rushed, we must confess to certain gripes about the unassorted variety in his department that the weather man has been dishing out . . . but perhaps now the time has come to hope . . . anyway friends have already splurged on heavenly blue skirts with pouchy pockets and pink blouses boasting all the variety of a good old-fashion^ rainbow. While we have never claimed to being one of the feathered friends, it does seem a bird’s eye view would see a lot... like the bluebird might suggest.
Skirts, sometimes pleated, are getting shorter ... Dresses are getting straighter . . . Prints with the clean splash of polka dots and others of tiny animal forms used like polka dots ... white cotton crocheted stockings popped into Mary Jane shoes . . • printed parasols to match printed dresses . . . ditto printed turbans with printed blouses . . . embroidered Fini^sh wedding belts . . . handbags swinging from sticks like the bundles of followers of the open road. . . Fitted coats . .
Monday afternoon, March 18, at 4:00. —RAGANS.
Reamer Club: Important meeting Monday, March 11, Room 803 of the Union at 8 p. m. Amendments to the constitution will be discussed. All actives be there. Pledges report at 8:30 —REILEY.
P. I. A, Board: There will be a very important meeting Monday night, March 11, at 7:16 sharp. A perfect attendance is expected. A final selection of juniors will be made, therefore all applicants should be present —HINSHAW.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held Tuesday, March 12, in Room 303 of Union at 7:30 p. m —KNIPP.
Scriveners: Deferred initiation will be held Sunday, March 10, at 7:30 p. m. in room 803 of the Union. Regular meeting at 8 p. m. —MUNRO.
Skating Party: Lutheran Students Association will have a skating party at Maple Point Skating Rink, Monday, March 11, at 7 ’30 p. m. Cars will leave for the rink from East door of Union at _ 7:16 p. m. Anyone who has a car and is interested in a free ticket, call John Meyhoff, 66261, and make arrangements. —HALL.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE FOR SALE—Typewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebersheff, 606 Main street.
FOR RENT Russ—^Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2,60 ail night. Phone 71644.
For Rent—Large room Single bed, inner spring mattress, reasonable. 222 N Salisbury. 61772.
LOST AND FOUND Lost—Black cameo ring in Union Bldg. Wednesday. Phone 6091. Reward.
MADS NOW PLAYING
F. jirodocfioo o<
with ALICE FAYE FRED MacMURRAY RICHARD GREENE BRENDA JOYCE ANDY DEVINE
lafi
MPnlte* »««*«« U. S.'r*!. Off.—AB rliliti rwerreS
1 enrolled in cooking school, like you said, dear—only trouble
is they make you eat your what you cook!”
accentuated waistlines . . . tiny checks, especially good in black and white .. . smaller, softer handbags ... ,
Hordes of d arling hues, some with names you love to eat... that —in wool makes dream suits . . . new cocoa bronm . . . cinnamon red milk chocolate ... copper penny ... sawdust beige . . . nut brown . . . grays . . . poker chip colors .... mixtures of brown and gray .... bright, light blues . . indefinable pastel plaids . . . inevitable navy . . . jet. For evening, black . . . white . . . midnight blue . . . shocking blue . . . brand new sentimental shades that make you think of purfumes.
Which reminds us . . . the Penny Carnival theme might have inspired Lentheric’s ether inspirer. Confetti ... Cosmetics offer one new light red—Skylark . . . But the pace will probably be set by very rich, deep, dark tulip tones like Raven Red or Telecast Red . . . Finish it off by signing your Declaration of Independence from the dreary past with a spic and span new nail polish shade . . . whimsy, could be one 1940 escape from reality .. . hot Pink guarantees escape from winter ... or fiaunt your mood and release from boredom with Spring Fever. So-o . . . welcome sweet springtime . . . tee dee dee dum . . .
THE WILDEST ROMANCE EVER TO REACH THE SCREEN!
ROSiir'it
-PLUSCOLOR CARTOON
HOWMM HAMRS* FUMY —with— RALPH BELLAMY GENE LOCKHART
umniEiu Starts TODAY
PAGES THAT FAIRLY DRIP ADVENTURE... AND THE SCREEN HAS CAUGHT IT ALU
THOMAS MITCHELL • EDNA BEST • FREDDIE BARTHOLOMEW TERRY KILBURN • TIM HOLT BABY BOBBY QUILLAN
MaiiI
NOW SHOWING —^ADMISSION — Nighti and Sunday 3 Sc Week Day MatineG*. 25e Childron Always ».10e
in
k!■<wt ^ ^ ^
'A’^v ^ 4 ^ isv’ «
f1 M
%
(f, / 3 yr
•H^ ti
Sunday, March 10, 1940
^xpmuunL Spo^^ fia£}SL
Pirates To
Riveters
With Rejuvinated Squad
Hoping for better weather than they ran into last year when they invaded the Boilermaker camp, the Pittsburgh Pirates will face the local diamondmen here at Ross Ade Field on April) 12th. It will be the third home game for the Riveters and one of the closing pre-season encounters for the Pirates who open their National League endeavors on April 17. New Faces ■■■
^isildsfiL Qhoixji
By Bobert J. Deckard
Several new faces will appear among the smoky city contingent, chiefly that of Frankie Frisch, new manager of the Bucs. Harold “Pie” Traypor was leading the Pirates when they showed up last year, but after a rather disappointing season in which his club ended up in sixth place, “Pie” was relieved of his responsibilities and the former Cardinal leader and second baseman was put at the helm of the Pittsburgh club. Ip'risch 'whp managed the Cas House gapg in 1938 and spent last sumpier tl^pwing his voice aroimd a Boston radio station, has already made a nt^ho:^ of deals that are expected to put the Pirates right back in the running for the s^ior league pennant. EUaborate ceremonies were planned for last season's game with the Pirates here, but all of the diamond activities were washed away with a two day downpour. Over 6,000 fans were expected at the game which was to dedicate the newly complete!^ Ross-Ade Field. Pirate Infield The Pittsburgh infield that will face coach Dutch Fehring’s lads will be much the same that went through the latter part of the National league campaign of last season. Newest edition is Elbie Fletcher, who was obtained from the Boston Bees early last year for a reported sum of around $20,000 and an infielder. Pep Young will still be cavorting around second base, while hard-hitting Arky Vaughn will take his usual spot at short. Lee Handely, who tied for the circuit base-
plundering crown last year, will in all probability handle the hot corner for the Pirates during their one . day appearance here. Manager Frisch will W able to throw a veteran outfield onto the diamond as he h^ a whole carload of capable garden-roamers. Both of the Waners will be back and Bfg and Little “Poison” are looking forward to a renewal of their batting powers this season, while Chuck Klein who came to the J?irates late last season has been showing the sport scribes that he is far from being through with baseball. Besides the above-mentioned trio, the Bucs can boast a number of capable rookies, who will be able to take over the outfield any time. Veteran Catcher “Spud” Davis, who was obtained from the Phillies last fall, will do most of the backstopping, although the smoky city gang have a very able replacement in George Susce. Susce is the only native of Pittsburgh in the Pirate ranks and took part in 31 games for the Bucs last
Anyway, today we take up another hitch in our belt and move on to the 1940 baseball season, which undoubtedly will bring many new surprises .., Brand new rookies . .. Ailing veterans . . . Team mainstays . . . Anyone may go “good” or “bad” . . . Already we’ve had some surprises . . . The DiMag did not hold out so long this time . . . Beimie McCoy finally signed up with a team, the Philadelphia Athletics. . . . And more expected —fe—
A number of rookie pitchers have been making good for the Pirates this spring and Manager Frisch is counting on several of them to plug up the glaring weakness of last year. It was in the pitching department that the Bucs fell down last season and consequently finished near the bottom of the National League heap.
But there are far more things of serious nature to be considered than this . . . The big questions are: —^fc— Can the New York Yankees continue their blistering pace of winning world ch^pionships ? Can they make it five in a row ? ... To some people, the idea is bad . . . “Not good for baseball,” they say. But the baseball bugs like superiority . . . They don’t like mediocr;ity . , . And the Yanks arc far from being mediocre . . . They are popular . . . Make good drawing
Why Auction?
Just Advertise
in the
Purdue Exponent
Hoosier Wrestlers Win Meet
Time marches on, and never back-wards-forgetting yesterday's possibilities, yesterdays results, yesterday’s happenings and looking forward only to the future .. . New things are always on the horizon. —fc— Even baseball is lathe same category . . . Yesterday the New York Yankees Were champions of the baseball world . . . The Cincninajti Reds were runnersnp ... But today they face a possible toppling off their respective perches as champions and runnerups, respectively . . They may even remain right where they were at the completion of the 1939 season. —^fc—
cards . . . Good for box-office receipts ... A ball club can’t move round on an empty cash register. . . . Good for baseball? Sure! It’s a challenge for the others to accept. —^fc— Will the Redlegs come back? Will Bob VanderMeer handle his duties on the mound as efficiently and capably as he did two years back? Will Bucky Walters stand up under the pressure? As a baseball player, he’s moving along fine . . . But will he be able to stick? Will Vince DiMaggio, little brother of Big Joe, make good his bid iii the majors . . . Throughout the team you find power at the plate and strength in the pitcher’s box. ... But if VanderMeer, Walters, and DiMaggio come through, the Rhinelanders will certainly be up in there again this season. ^ —^fc— But there is another team to reckon with: the St. Louis Cardinals . . - Joe Medwick, sterling Card outfielder, hasn’t signed up yet... Will his delayed signing on the dotted line cause the Red Birds to make a late bid this summer . . . After all, he is the mainstay of the Outfit . . . Manager Ray Blades, after a year of hounding the Reds, is a smarter man this year . , . He has catcher Bud Padgett, young that he is, coming along fast and furious, challenging the Lombaidis, the Dickeys, and the Hartnetts . . . His pitching staff boasts of Lon Wameke and Curt Davis, plus a couple of oneyear men , . . The Reds are tough as ye proverbial nail. —^fc— The Chicago Cubs are whooping it up again . . . The Bruins have been rounding into action in 1940 reminiscent of the 1939 season . . . Just decent pitching ,.. Decent hitting . . . Rookies Dominic Dallessandro, outfielder, and Bob Sturgeon, shortstop, looking promising. Big Bill Lee is getting into shape fast ... So are Augie Golan, Bobbie Nicholson, Billy Herman . . . But Phil CaVeretta is still limping from a last year’s wound . . . Will fresh material stand the gaff when it gets into the stretch . . . Will the Cubs be back at their old tactics of fighting amongselves as of past seasons? Will Dizzy Dean recuperate enough to take his turn regularly?
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY BY ENROLLING IN OUR NEW BEGINNER'S CLASS Wed., March 13, 7:00 p.m. TO EXPERIENCED DANCERS ENROLL IN OUR NEW ADVANCED CLASS Thurs., March 14, 7:00 p.m. PHONE 2150
AULiEN’S6lh and F««*y
POPOIAB RECORDS
Tke numbers that score such a tremendous hit each week on the Hit Parade are available to you in our record department. All the latest releases by leading makers, starring the leading artists. Priced from 35c.
50c
35e
35e
35c
Marcheta
Symphony In Rifts
(Columbia) Krupa's Orchestra What's the Matter With Me? What'll They Think ot Next
(Columbia) Goodman's Orchestra 50c
Say "Si Si" [
Let's Have Anotn|er One (Decca) Andrews Sisters
Blue Prelude
The Sky Pell Down (Decca) Herman's Orchestra Give a UHle Whistle Friendship «... (Vocation) pugen's Orchestra Chili Con Conga
VllOlVd
(Vocation) Calloway's Orchestra 35e
Tuxedo Junction
Danny Boy
(Bluebird) Miller's Orchestra 35c
Comanche War Dance Tappin' at the Tappa
(Bluebird) Barnet's Orchestra 35o I Concentrate on You "
I've Got My Eyes on You
(Victor) T. Dorsey's Orchestra 75e
Study In Surrealism
Sunday
(Victor) Clinton's Orchestra 75e
IVON &.UEUV
McLEAN MUSIC STORE 514 Main St. Phone 7917
Indiana’s Cream and Crimson wrestlers successfully defended their Big Ten mat crown by edging ahead of the Wolverine matmen, 24 to 23, in the Fieldhouse yesterday afternoon. The outcome of the meet was in doubt until the hnish ot the ftaal match, which gave the Hoosiers their one point margin of victory.
Everything running right, the Cube’ outfit is a contingent of championship calibre. —^fc— Over in the junior circuit, the Boston Red Sox will make their usual bid . . . The big questions here are Lefty Grove and Jimmy Foxx, and even Manager Joe Cronin himself ..". These Sox are moving along in age . . . But Ted Williams spells Power At The Plate . . . And Vince DiMaggio, Big Joe’s brother, is a promiser. —fc— And the other teams? . . . Will Philadelphia, with McCoy in the ^ fold, be much of a challenging team this year? Not likely . . . What about the Cleveland Indians? . . . Lots of possibilities . . . Will the bunch of new rookies on Washington’s Club bolster the ailing veterans? . . . It’ll help . . . Will Hank Greenberg help the Detroit Tigers in the outfield? . . . WiU his lumbering tactics as a defensive player be detrimental to the Tigers? That’s a tough one ... Are the St. Louis Browns still in the league? — We don’t know ... Will the Chicago White Sox stand out as much this year as last? ... They’ve got ace relief hurler, Clint Brown, back, along with Lefty Lee, and hitter Mike Kdeevick. —^fc— Howsabout the New York Giants in the senior circuit . . . New additions are sorely needed in the lineup. King Carl Hubbel is wearing out . . . Will the Brooklyn Dodgers, daffy though they are, be mean in the pinches as usual ? We heard yes one time . . .
-fc—
As you can see, the baseball bugs are going to have a merry time this year guessing this and that. There are too ma^y dark horses in the race. ... A lot of fresh blood ... A lot of smart managers . . . Bide your time.
REGIONAL SCORES
Garrett, 35; Mentone, 28 Mitchell, 37; New Albany, 31. Bloomington, 39; Gosport, 20 Rockville, 31; Crawfordsville, 39. North Vernon, 33; Columbus, 31. Seaside Ft. Wayne, 30; Huntington, '24p> ]^mmond Tech, 26; Froebel, 25. Lapel, 39; Shortridge, 36. Kokomo, 34; Marian, 32. New Castle 59; Burris, 31. Logansport, 52; Brookston, 47. Reiley (S. B.), 34; Rochester, 32 Rushville, 54; Batesville, 35. Jefferson, 40; Freeland Park, 17
Phone 3085
Some say, Tis smart To be tart!
We'd rather reap from the cheery smite and the glad hand-clasp the things worthwhile, and let American keep us looking smart.
American Laundry
WeatSidoOIBoo 132 Vhw St
The Hoosiers and WolvtWBttes, perennially strong in the mat sport, easily dominated the field of conference teams. Ohio State followed in third place with an 11 point total. Final standings of the following teams completing the scoring: Illinois, 11; Minnesota, 7; Iowa, 6; Wisconsin, 2; Purdue, 1; Northwestern and Chicago, 0. Hoosiers Take Three Firsts Coach Billy Thom's Hoosiers earned their two dozen points on three firsts, two seconds, and two thirds; again it was team balance that decided the issue. To account for their 23 point total, the Wolverines topped three classes, and followed up with two second places. Highlighting the afternoon’s double-barrelled action with two mats occupied by wrestlers simultaneously, Capt. Hansen of Minnesota accomplished the only fall in the final matches. Julius, of Iowa, was the grappling Gopher’s victim after staying in the ring five minutes and 35 seconds. The Gopher captain was one of the two successful title defenders in the meet, and pioved himself to be easily the top man of his class. McDaniels Wins Indiana’s title defender m the 165 pound class, McDaniels, breezed to an 11 to 1 decision over Shumacher of Minnesota. The other Hoosier •Victor was credited to Sefton in the 121 poimd class when he outpointed Sherman of Iowa, 13 to 8. Casey Fredericks, Boilermaker 121-pounder, was called back for a consolation match for third place, although he was eliminated Friday night m tfie semi-finatls by a faU to a Hawkeye, Sherman. In this final chance Fre4ericks was the victim of an 8 to 7 sepre, suffered at the hands of Perrizd, a Gopher. However, he was the author of Purdue’s lone point of the meet by virtue of his fall over Beshara, of Ohio State. Championship Matches 121 Pound Glass—Sefton, Indiana, defeated Sherman, Iowa, 1,3-8. 128 Pound Class—^Hanson, Minnesota, threw Julius, Iowa, in 5:35. 136 Pound Class—^Wilson, Indiana, defeated Ritz, Wisconsin, 8-0. 145 Pound Class — Montanaro, Ohio State, defeated Combs, Michigan, 9-5. 166 Pound Class—Danner, Michigan, defeated Weiss, Indiana, 8-6. 166 Poimd Class—McDaniel, Indiana, defeated Schumacher, Minnesota, 11-1. 176 Pound Class—^Nichols, Michigan, defeated Whitmore, Iowa, 113 Heavyweight Class — Jordan, Michigail, defeated Downes, Ohio State, 18-12 Second Place Matches 121 Pound Class—Sherman, Iowa, defeated Weidig, Michigan, 9-4. 128 Pound Class—^Antonucci, Indiana, defeated Juljus, Iowa, 10-1. 136 Pound Class—^Petry, Illinois, defeated Ritz, Wisconsin, 9-0. 145 Pound Class—Combs, Michigan, defeated Morton, Minnesota, 10-2. 165 Pound Class—^Bqyd, Illinois, defeated Weiss, Indiana, 3-2. 166 Poupd Class—Galles, Michigan, defeated Schumacher, Minnesota, 10-4. 176 Pound Class—tinman, defeated Whitmore, Iowa, 8-2. Heavyweight Class — Downes, Ohio State, d^eated Levy, Minnesota, 16-12. Third Place Matches 121 Pound Class—Perrizo, Minnesota, defeated Weidig, Michigan, 7-0. 146 Pound Class—^Roman, Indiana, defeated Morton, Minnesota, 5-3. Heavyweight Class—SiMch, Illinois, deifeated Levy, Minnesota, 9-8.
TT t*f /All
I Persomief Notes I
Ml*. Frank B, nyeidenhamw auid associates of tbe lUiiiois Bell phone Company, Chicago, HUnols, will interview BE, MB, and CB smxlors frpm to Thuradsey, March llth to I4th.
if i f i ffi: ^ f/
^’4PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday^ March 10/1940
it
Traffic Accidents
. .. cause three to four times as much economic damage a year as crime does.” This was the theme of Captain Fred DeElliott’s graduation address which ended the traffic school held on the campus during the past week. Last year 32,100 people died on the highways of the United States. Science and engineering skill have made the automobile too powerful. Man has become the servant of the machine. What we need now is a factory for turning out common sense and judgment to install with every driver. American has been sadly negligent in educating its citizens to the dangers of the highway. Something must be done. Something is being done. But all the laws and law enforcement agents in the country cannot cut down the toll without the co-operation of the peopleYou, too, are in line for a place on the statistic list. —J.C.W.
Purdue Exponent
B. B. InsUqr Bditor^n-CU«f W. B. Smith BnainMui Hanarcr / D. G. Terrio, editorial director; G. W. Frdelrlcfc, ma»> aginr editor; B. M. Anionini, lenior adrertiainr maaaKer; G. Schilliiiff, co-ed editor; R. Jenldiu, aporta editor. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Bntered aa aeeoad aiaac BMttor at the peat aflloa la Lafapette, Indiana, under the act ci Concrtaa Marah 8. 1879, and at the apeelal, rata of poatasa proridad far te section llOS, set of October 8, 1917, auGuri^ Jaaaarr 89^ 1988. Published dallr except Bondar durinc tlm racular acadeuiie rear and weaklr durlnp the SnauBar S^ion. Delivered locallr br carrier for $8.09 par rear, tag auh* ■criptiou $8.80. Represented for national advertisinsT br National Advertisine Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., Mew York, N. Y. All unsigned editorials are written br the editorial director. Night Editor, Willsey Day Editor, Bnrtsfield Issue Editor,'Purcell Sunday, March 10, 1940.
Congratulations to the Phi Gamma Delta chapter for the fine record they have made in the national organization.
But
By Vladimir ■ , ’x) Now don’t think that we don’t like the Sweet Shop. It’s not that. We DO like it. And as for the waitresses therein, well, if you don’t mind, we’ll just blush prettily and forget about them for the nonce. What we’re getting at is; have you heard the expression “My hands feel as if I had a Sweet Shop coke” ?
Neither have we—^but the time isn’t far off. Someday we are going to send Serge’s Mr. Henderson down to find out just how the soda-jerkers manage to be so consistent about getting that ribbon of syrup down one side of the coke glass. * * * Long ago we realized the presence of the extraglassular syrup and fought against it. But we never had very much luck. Our habit of twirling the glass while we crunch bits of ice always results in our downfall. From now on we suppose we shall have to take ourselves in hand and say, “Don’t touch that glass, young man, or I’ll slap you across the wrist and make you leave the table.” That SHOULD do it. * * H: Speaking of cokes, while leafing idly through the Congressional Record we learned that the census (or something) of 1908 included the question; “How much do you spend annually on Coca Cola ?” We can’t see much in it as a national question, but it gives us ideas here at the University. We could rate people socially by their annual coke consumption! Can’t you just see the columns reading: “Beverly Morgan, campus social leader, who has a standing of 43 coca colas, will be escorted by Jim McPilski, a 50 coke man.” Or maybe it would be more appropriate to rate them by coke-hours. Have YOU ever waited for a booth?
Varsify Show Names Dancing Chorus Paris Members of the dancing chorus for the Varsity Show of 1940, “Sweethearts,” were announced last night by Rufina Sexton and R. F. Bauman, student managers. The co-eds selected are: Lois Simpson, Peggy Howard, Florence, Croll, La Verne Bans, Barbara Lupton, Marguerite Hans, Nancy Cooper, and Coi’rine Reifers. Ed parts were awarded to Richard Dunham, Tom Kieffer, Joe Shepherd, Hugh Pogue, T. L. Rosebrock, J. H. Barlow. Rehearsa,ls will begin tomorrow at 4 p. m. in the south ballroom, Dick Cisne ... with his University of Illinois orchestra and 150 couples honored basketball lettermen of the past season at a mixer last night in the south ballroom of the Union. Names of the lettermen and an action shot of a crowned basketball falling through a hoop were painted on the backdrop.
Glider Enthusiasts Will Match Models Sunday, March J7 Indoor Class A glider (under 30 inch wing area) owners at the University will hold a competitive meet under the sponsorship of th*^ Purdue Aeromodelers Club Sunday, March 17, in the Fieldhouse. The meet is one of a series scheduled by the Aeromodelers for the current semester. All of the contests during the semester will be run according to National Aeronautical Association rules and all planes must conform to such. The complete program of meets scheduled for the semester: April 7—Indoor “microfilm” Class B stick. April 28—Outdoor rubber powered stick and fusilage. May 12—Night exhibition: gas, rubber models equipped with electric lights. May 19—Major open contest: gas powered, rubber powered fusilage, outdoor glider open contests.
Paul Reedy Will Play For University Club Party Members of the University Club will attend an informal spring party tomorrow in the Union building. Several dinner parties have been arranged and at 9 o’clock Paul Reedy and his Campus Commanders will provide music for dancing in the south ballroom. Tables for the bridge group, under Professor and Mrs. Gregory, will be placed in the faculty lounge for those who care to participate. Professor Leila Gad-
PlayshopEnds 4-Day Run Of "7th Heaven* By Margie Miers Last night the 'final production of “Seventh Heaven” was presented in the usual spectacular style. Near professional acting will for a long time be the ear marks of one of the Playshop’s greatest productions. Benny Burns and Juanita Sebum performed in the leading roles' of this, the third play of four to be given by the Playshop this year, Jerry Ciral, Mary Alice Miller, and Norma Lee Spector played important supporting parts of Austin Strong’s play. Bob Hewitt and his staff of make-up artists made the members of the entire c^st look the parts that they were intended to play. PE Juniors Will JAake Inspection Tour Of Chicago Nineteen juniors, enrolled in the physical education school, who are studying the organization and administration of recreation will leave the University tomorrow morning on a two day inspection trip of recreational facilities in and around the Chicago area. The trip will be under the direction of Prof. F. R. Eastwood and Elmer Burnham of the Physical Education department. Monday, the group will make an inspection trip of the Athletic Association’s facilities of the Car-negie-Illinois Steel Corporation followed by a tour of the Chicago Park District facilities which are under the direction of V. K. Brown. The program for Tuesday includes stops at the Winnetka, Illinjbis High School and the Englewood Park YMCA. On the return trip the group will stop at Whiting and the Hammond Civic Center. Those making the trip are James W. Beers, James E. Bosse, W. E. Britt, Michael Byelene, Frank Danowski, Joseph Dolan, George Haniford, Robert Igney, M. F. Johnson, Vernon Lamoureaux, Harold Mears, John Papurca, Paul Pauline, David Rankin, Clayton Rechenbach, Alfred Rossi, Kenneth Thayer, Ted Tycocki, and Forest Witsmen.
dis will be in charge of the refreshments which will be served in the reception room.
m.
m:
National Recognifion To Four Year Ags
National attention was focused onthe local chapter of Phi Gamma Delta fraternity Friday as the national headquarters of the fraternity announced that the Purdue chapter was the winner of the Cheney Cup, which is “awarded each year to the chapter of Phi Gamma Delta obtaining the highest efficiency in the conduct of its affairs.” Presentation of thisj cup which was donated by Orio H. Cheney, a former national president of the fraternity, rates the Purdue chapter as the top-ranking organization in the 73 chapters. Leading all chapters in scholarship, the local Fiji’s also ranked at the top in chapter relations and ex-tra-curricular activities. According to the judges’ report, “we find the streamlined precision of edtail inherent with engineers aceounting for the near-utopian smoothness of Lambda lota’s internal functioning. Almost paradoxically, these Purdue cannibals proved that prominence, in campus posts was not inconsonant with a rigorous engineering curriculum by gamering far more than their share of Purdue’s student activities.”
To, Senior Ag students at land! grant colleges, station WLW of Cincinnati is offering practical radio training scholarships valued at $600 apiece. In the past few years programs for the rural. audience have become increasingly popular, and the demand for agriculturally trained personnel has increased accordingly. . ^ ^ To the men best-fulfilling this requirements, station WLW offers a six month training course at the station, and an opportunity to be considered for the station’s Agricultural staff-. Requireittents for the contest include writing a ifive minute farm news broadcast/Submiting a five minute voice recording using as material the news broadcast, interviewing a successful farmer and obtaining information on his methods, results and Other activities, and writing a paper of approximately 1600-2000 words on “How Can Radio Best Serve Agriculture.” Station WLW is one of the foremost stations in the rural radio field, and broadcasts daily farm reports comments and interviews. i
.Wi-
Ikf
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• School Supplies
• Professional
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A, RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th e Main Phone 5701
• Locksmith
• Florists
KEYS & LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPT'S 209-n N. 5th St. Phone 2828
Dorner's Flower Shop Qualify Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
• Hardware
• Dairy Products
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354
M. E. MOREHOUSE • DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
PLEATS BURST FORTH! Fashion oftentimes works a hardship on co-eds by creating styles which demand constant pressing. Let IFesf Side take care of pressing your pleats, and you will be surprised at the time and energy saved. And what’s more, you’ll be assured of always looking your smartest.
The lowest Prices That QmilUy Permits
Good Health— is needed by you to enjoy the parties, and dances you attend while you ore at school.
Good Healthis neede by you to participate in any form of exercise. Therefore: we recommend your having a pint of milk for breakfast each morning. Then you will hove the vitality to enjoy the rest of the day completely.
SUNSHINE FARMS
807 N. 4th Street
Phone 5015
' 4
I
Hi