( V-' Vw'^WJ'
/i r>
Tulanet4 Georgia 0 Fordham25 Duke? Army 14 Holy Cross 29 Texas Tech. 21 Oklahoma 19 Texas Christiaii2f La. State 0 Georgia Tech 0 N.Y.U.O Pittsburgh 0 Navy? Boston College 7 Marquette 2 Oklahoma A & MO Southern Methodist 7
THE WEATHER Forecast For Indiana: Somewhat colder today with light snow; continued cold tomorrow.
Purdue Exponent
SUNDAY November 27, 1938 Lafayette, bidiaxia
VoL 50
No. 64
Z-185
Aged Vehicles Arrive Activities Bureau Senate Grants Extension
To Vie For SAE Prise Prints Hockema's
The Week’s NEWS
FOREIGN Pope Pius Xi . . . . .. ^‘returned to a more or less normal condition” yesterday after collapsing from heart attack Friday morning, an official communique said. However, Dr. Domenico CesaBianchi, noted heart specialist, and Dr. Aminia Milani, Pontiff’s private physician, remained near the Pope. Pope Pius’ illness was described by Vatican medical bulletins as cardiac asthma, while other sources reported the illness to be myocarditis (inflammation of the heart muscles). Martial Law . . . ... was declared yesterday for striking workers of the important Valenciennes industrial region, as France’s Premier Edouard Daladier ordered railways, mines, and defense industries to continue operation. Communists, Socialists, and labor unions retaliated with demonstrations. As strikers ranks neared the 200,000 mark. General Victor Bourrest and Jules de Camp were instructed to have the army in readiness. The crisis started when Premier Daladier decreed a raise in taxes and abandoned the 40-hour work week. Twenty Per Cent . . . . . . levy on all German Jews’ fortunes exceeding $2,000 was ordered this week to pay the $400,000,000 fine imposed for the assassination of Ernst Vom Rath, Germany’s Paris embassy secretary, by a Jewish youth. Other German decrees in the drive against Jews ordere4 Jewish retail shops to turn over all their stocks to governmental trade departments, and dropped Jews from (Continued on page 2)
Putt, putt, putt, the ancient gas wagons came chugging into the auto show in the Armory early yesterday afternoon to compete for the $20 in the SAE old car contest. Even as show officials were lamenting the absence of representatives of the older generation, the north doors of the Armory opened and a 1909 Ford, which has been a familiar sight around the campus this fall, rolled in to vie for the honor of being the oldest model at the show. Owned by two seniors, G. J. Fairbanks and R. K. Hirchert, the car was purchased in Lafayette by them last summer and driven to Chicago and back, the trip being much publicized in the Chicago papers. 1912 Maxwell Hardly had the Ford been parked, when the doors opened again to admit an even more venerable looking Maxwell which turned out to be of the vintage of 1912. Walter Thacker of Monon bought the car in 1933 from a farmer who had only driven it 500 miles.
Weston Representative To Address Camera Club Carl S. Miller, of Western Electrical Instrument Corporation, will speak on the theory and application of the Weston photographic exposure meter Tuesday night, November 29, at a meeting sponsored by the Purdue Camera Club. The place of meeting will be announced . in Tuesday’s Exponent. Miller will illustrate his lecture with slides, showing the principles employed in these instruments is the same as that in many phases of industry, one of which is the electric eye.
Selling price for this “buggy with a motor” was $926 less the windshield, top and lights. Powered with a 12 horsepower motor it was originally rated at 28 mph. Now on the “modern smooth pavement” it will go 30 to 36 mph, according to Mr. Thacker. German Physicist To Talk On Metaphysics “The Role of Metaphysics in the Physics of the Twentieth Century,” will be the subject of Dr. Phillip Frank of the German University of Prague. Dr. Frank, professor of Theoretical Physics and succesor to Dr. A. Einstein at that University will speak to the physics department and students at 7:30 p. m. in the lecture room of the Physics Building on Friday, December 2. Dr. Frank has lectured in Soviet Russia at the invitation of the scientific congress, and is one of the founders of the movement towards the “Unity of Science Movement.” He is also generally recognized as a leading authority on geometric optics, dynamics, and the aero-dy-namic theory. First Tea Dance... . . . sponsored by the Student Union will be held Tuesday from 4 to 6 p. m. The dance will be held in the Union ballroom; music furnished by records and an amplifying system. When contacted last night Vince Hruby, in charge of arrangements for the Union, stated that the dance will be open to all and may be repeated if enough student interest is shown.
Breaststroke Record Falls At Aquacade
By Seymour Lutzky Crashing through the water of the Pieldhouse pool, a tiny hurricane timed by official A. A. U. timers blew the American women’s breaststroke record to smithereens. Patty Aspinall, the twelve year-old hurricane, appeared to be happy vver the damage that she caused. Ha’ving passed her twelfth birthday in September, this was her first race against time as a senior swimmer and her first step towards the Olympic team. Her time of 2:65.4 broke the existing women’s 200 yard record held by Miss Margaret Holfman of Scranton, Pennsylvania, for years by six-tenths of a second, second. Loves To Swim Patty, when out of her bathing suit, is just an average twelve-year I Id girl. She is a seventh grade student in Indianapolis and enjoys her classes. But her real joy is swimming and she indulges in the sport
every day, swimming over a mile and a half in practice. Her main ambition as she expresses it is to make the Olympic team. Swimming is her hobby on land and in water, for she collects swimming star autographs and pictures and keeps a scrapbook. She maintains that her success was due to the coaching of Dick Papenguth and he attributes it to her ambition and desire to succeed. Papenguth’s Leading Pupils Dick Papenguth, Patty’s coach, is swimming coach for the Indianapolis Athletic Club and under his tutelage, many swim stars have attained success. Among his prote-" ges are Helen Lee Smith, Middlewestern women’s medley champ, whose breaststroke record Patty broke in the process of breaking the American record; Hal Benham and Frank Fahrenfeld, Middle states diving champs. Patty has been swimming for two
years at the club, improving her style and practicing and waiting till she became old enough to be eligible for the senior women’s records. World Crown Contender U. S. has never had a good representative in the breaststroke swimming competition but now Patty, whom her coach confidently expects to break the world’s record before April, looms as a contender for the world crown. She is training for the medley event and will therefore be in trim for most of the contests. Patty Aspinall comes from a swimming family, for her parents, although not record breakers themselves, are intensely interested in the sport and often swim with Patty while she is practicing. Her fastest practice s'wim before this record breaker was 3.09. As Coach Papenguth expresses, “She would have gone faster if she had an opponent swimming against her instead of the invisible foe, time.”
Leadership Talk Answering numerous requests by activities leaders, the Activities Bureau has prepared a condensed report of the talk given at the last leadership school, November 10, by Prof. Frank C. Hockema, acting president of the University. Copies will be available in the Bureau office in room F of the Union between the hours of 4 and 6 p. m. tomorrow and Tuesday, November 28 and 29. Two have been reserved for each activity. Highlights of the speech include the four marks of a leaders mind, the chief ways of beginning leadership, and the difference between a boss and a leader. According to G. W. Bi’euer, junior executive oS the Activities Bureau, the next leadership school will be held before Christmas vacation. Speaker for this nreeting will be R. B. Stewart, University controller, on “Financing and Budgeting.” Professor Esfey Will Speak Today On 'Philosophy Of Life' At 9:30 this morning the student group of the Central Presbyterian Church will hear Prof. J. A. Estey, who will speak on “A Working Philosophy of Life.” Prof. Estey, head of the economics,' history, government department, is the third University faculty member in the series of talks to explain his philosophy. Di'dding his time as student interest dictates. Prof. Estey plans to discuss material he has collected during his experience as a student and a teacher. His talk will be espe-" cially adapted to student problems in the matter of developing a “working philosophy of life.” On succeeding Sunday mornings Dean Dorothy Stratton, Dr. F. B. Knight, and Dean R. G. Dukes ■will give their views on the same topic. tAask Of Mystery Stripped From Masked Ball By Gallup Hui’ry!! Why? Don’t stop now and ask silly questions.- You only have six more days to snare that BSOC (Big Shot on the Campus) if you’re going to the masked ball. Tell him to dust off the business suit, (never mind what his business is) and get on the ball. Since you’re gefting “the“ "date you don’t have to buy yourselves flowers. Get out the dance book and learn how to dance. Don’t need much practice. When Bryant gets going any clodhopper could swing. Get your date and come and whirl amid confetti, noise and fun. I’ll be seeing you. Toodoloo!
For Gala Week Petitions Senate Elections Committee has granted an extension to all seniors seeking posts on the Gala Week Committee. Petitioners will have until 5 p. m. Tuesday to turn in their petitions with fifty senior signatures. mm extension has been made so » MtStCjr » » » that parties may reoi-ganize. Four of- the original petitioners are definitely out of the race now as Heine and Humphreys failed to make the 3.5 average necessary for eligibility and Francis Eastbum and Leon Jacobson turned in their petitions and withdrew from the race.
Senate Office Open
Student Senate office will be open from 4 until 5 p. m. tomorrow and Tuesday afternoons for those desiring Gala Week petitions. Petitions will not be limited to party members, but will be open to anyone desiring to run independently. Gala Week petitioners by parties as they now stand are: Boilermaker Party: Eleanor Turner, R. R. Han.nus. Herb Boyer, and Dale Hutt. Progressive Party: Ralph Maby, Stubby Meier, Dale Schinbeckler, and Verle Farraow. Two members will be added to each party.
Prom Petitioners
All Prom petitions are in, and those running, according to parties, are as follows: Boilermaker Party: Louise Shickler, Paul Cooper, Allen Shackelton, Jim Hebbler, Jim Williamson, Wayne Hearne, and Jack Swinney. Pi-ogr-essive Party: Margaret Mitchell, Ralph Reily, Bill Dunshee, Vincent Hruby, L. C. Farquhar, Benny Burns, and Frank Schleicher. One man, Julius Singer, is running independently. Elections for both Prom and Gala Week Committees will be held Tuesday, December 13. Only juniors and seniors will be eligible to vote.
. . . head of the economics, history, and government department, who will discuss “A Working Philosophy of Life” before the student group of the Central Presbyterian Church this morning at 9:30. Yearian Discusses Proton Experiments Professor H. J. Yearian, of the physics department, today addresses the American Physical Society at the University of Chicago on his recent experiments with protons. For the past two years Yearian has been a National Research Fellow at the California Institute of Tech-
nology.
By shooting a stream of protons through methane particles he obtained on a photographic plate three distinct diffraction rings, from which he was able to calculate the structure of the gas molecule. It is the first time that a diffraction of pi’otons has been successfully observed, and is a new phenomenon in wave mechanics. University Trains School Custodians Training for county school custodians of the state is now being conducted by G. H. Bush, of the education and applied psychology department, in cooperation with the state department of instruction. Instruction in organizing work schedules, heating and ventilating, and floor finishing is included in the course which is expected to be completed all over the state by next September.
Football Headliners
BOSTON, November 26.—Holy Cross defeated Boston University 29 to 7 today in a renewal of their ancient football rivalry. Crusaders have been defeated only once, by Carnegie Tech by one point. Boston College Eagles were undefeated and had but one tie on their record before today. Holy Cross marched 73 yards on two passes and 15 yard penalty to score in the first quarter. In the second quarter, the Crusaders pounded 51 yards for their second score. Eagles came back in the third quarter to make a long march and score On a pass. Holy Cross intercepted a Boston pass and scored on the next play from within their 20 yard line. In the fourth quarter, the Crusaders marched 34 yards for their fourth touchdown.
BATON ROUGE, La., November 26.—Forty thousand howling football fans saw a brilliant Tulane team do'wn a fighting Louisiana (Continued on page 4)
Brawl Again Looms Up As Year's Outstanding Rat Race
Loud, gaudy styles of the old Bowery will predominate at the 1938 Boilermakers’ Brawl. Sigma Delta Chi members, sponsors of the annual rough-and-tum-ble dance which has become famous on this and other campuses for its gay hilarity, decided this week to recreate the atmosphere of New York City’s Bowery Street of the 1890’s for the coming affair. The Brawl—changed in name last year from the ribald Riveters’ Rassle—is scheduled for 9 o’clock till midnight on December 9 in the Union ballroom. President Don Bailey, of the supervising journalistic fraternity, announced yesterday that Tweet Hogan and his popular pur-
veyors of rhythm ’will come here from Chicago to play for the dance. Bristles Back As in past years. Sigma Delta Chi will encourage the growth of beards for the dance by offering prizes for outstanding hairy countenances presented at the dance. Men who can push out the longest and heaviest whiskers—and keep them—^will pass before judges at the Brawl and then be rewarded according to merit. Light—and fuzzy —^whiskered individuals may also get a crack at certain awards. Costumes of the dancing couples will come in for their usual consideration. The most typically Boweryish pair will carry off one prize,
while other striking attires are put in competition for suitable awards. Desire Dirt Sigma Delta Chi journalists already are laying an ear to the ground for rumbling rumors about unofficial activities of campus big shots. Choicest of the inside information on their personal lives •will be included in the tattle-tale Exposer, tabloid publication which is to be distributed to Brawl-goers. Published on the evening of the dance, the Exposer will combine humor ■with gossip and scandal in exposing campus socialites and activity executives. Roving cameramen are on the alert for candid shots to substantiate ■written accusations
and denunciations. Novel Nonentities Engineering brains in the Sigma Delta Chi group are setting to work to devise 1938 models of the “Ther-mo-couple Couch,” the “Beard-Test-er,” and the “Suck-O-Meter,” which featured the Brawls of previous years. An idea of the atmosphere that will hang over the December 9 dance may be gleaned from the Exponent account of last year’s Brawl: “Four hundred couples made whoopee last night at the year’s most unusual dance, as the Boilermakers and their sweethearts cut loose to the rhythms of Bernie
Young and Bud Bryant in the Union ballroom. Dressed in costumes of all varieties, few of the Brawlers were rejected by the Decency committee at the ballroom entrance. “Projecting a light on a backdrop of sheets provided a means of seeing the “inside” of prominent campus figures. At 10:30 o’clock, Forster, president of Sigma Delta Chi, called various personages to the stage where they were viewed ■with a fluoroscopic effect.” Brawls Best Last year’s affair was more orderly than those staged as “Riveters’ Rassles.” The old Rassles, in truth, became so wild that a change
in name and somewhat of modification in character was necessary. An Exponent reporter -wrote of the 1985 dance: “And so the Rassle was cleaned up ... to the sizzling rhjiihms of Jess Hawkins and his orchestra, hoboes, bums, sheiks, bushmen ... swayed, galloped, kicked, and rassled in the biggest social affair of the year. “Rasslers were dressed in every imaginable manner, and in some not quite so imaginable.... “No holds were barred ... the only restrictions being that the couples must dance with their clothes . .. they aU wore some clothes.’*£diJtoJuat
THE PDBDUE EXPONENT
J'Stdwun
tij’
Sunday, November 27, 1938
V
(Continued from page 1) the roster of registered handicraftsmen. Another decree contemplated would direct courts to grant speedy divorces to Aryans married to Jewesses.
NATIONAL Devouring Fire . . . . . . licked at tinder dry timber in two Southern California mountain regions Wednesday, then quickly ate through 50,000 aci-es of brush and forest. Capricious vinds have alternately fanned and lepulsed the spreading conflagration, but still control of the blaze has been impossible. Homes of prominent film stars and heavily populated communities such as Beverly Hills were threatened, while more than 4,000 houses have already been reported destroyed. All ranch buildings burned at Will Rogers’ estate, although his rambling home was only scoi’ched. Many villages in Santa Monica and San Bernadino mountain disti’icts had to be evacuated. Livestock Aristocrats . . . . . numbering 11,621 yesterday began an eight day stand as star performers of the 39th annual International Livestock Exposition at Chicago’s union stockyards. Striking stockyard workmen did not dampen interest in the gigantic agricultural show for all available pens were filled and spectators crowded the grounds. First Snow . . . ... of the winter hit Indiana, Kentucky, Ohio, and Central Illinois this week—but spared Chicago. These first snows, coming in flurries all week, aie expected to be forerunners of more snow in the next few days. Fraud Is Charged . . . . . . against Muncie multimillionaire George A. Ball in a five million dollar suit filed in federal com t regarding recent transactions which transferred vast Van Sweingen railroad holdings to a group of New York financiers. Alleged “wash sales” of railroad stock on the New York exchange for the purpose of creating apparent active trading were the basis for the suit. The financiers claim this fraudulently influenced them to pay outrageous prices for the railroad holdings. Postal Holidays . . . . . . have been declared foi Christmas day and the day after this year according to an announcement Friday by Postmaster General James A. Farley. Only special delivery mail will be delivered on those days.
campaign manager, in Washington this week. Building up McNutt as a “middle of the road” candidate, neither radical nor reactionai-y, will be the task of the oiganization. From headquarters in Indianapolis will be launched an intensive campaign lasting clear till the starting gun of the 1940 convention, scheduled for June, 1940. Headed By Cordell Hull . . . . . . the United States delegation to the eighth Pan-American conference at Lima, Peru, steamed out of New York last Friday to discuss the Americas’ attitude towai’d outstanding problems facing them today. ‘Questions of all-American lesistance to European and Asiatic dictatorships will undoubtedly usurp the majority of the confei’ence time, with some definite action being taken toward common defense of the 21 republics repi’esented. It is likely that Brazil will take the lead in discussions concerning strengthening local defenses and placing haibors and bases at the disposal of the U. S. naval and air forces in time of a “common war.” Argentina was the only republic opposing this proposition. “We Hold Germany . . . . . . responsible for all outstanding Austrian debts in this country,” was the opinion voiced this week in an official note to the Reich from Washington. The note was in answer to a similar dispatch received from Berlin on November 17 disclaiming all responsibility for debts owed by Austria upon its disappearance into the German state last Maich. Topic of Austiian debt assumption IS one oi the points of diffeience that has stiained Gei’manAmeiican lelations to the point of recalling ambassadors on both sides. The debt includes $24,055,708.92 advanced to Austiia ito feed war victims in 1920, plus about $20,000,000 borrowed by the Austrian government here in 1930, and certain municipal and other bonds held privately in this country.
iVASHINGTON McNutt For President . . , . . . activity m the several states will go forwaid with a united front after the first of the new year. “We’re ready to go,” declaied Frank McHale, Demociatic national committeeman and McNutt national
BUSINESS Wage-Hour Violators . . . . . . received warning last week as administrator Elmer F. Andrews stated forcefully in an interview, “We can’t let the chiselers get away with their practices any longer.” Action was deliberately withheld during the first month, Andrews said, in order that industry might become adjusted to the requirements of the law. With the “honeymoon period” over, administrators are ready to carry into federal or state courts employees’ complaints concerning reported “juggling” of wage payments to avoid overtime payments. Army Officials . . . . . . after a consultation with aviation industry leaders were reported to have set an airplane production
NOW SHOWING The Double Horror Show of the Century!
• Maddened by a jealous hate he sought the most fiendish vengeance ever conceived by man or monster! BURIED ALIVE . . . Hearing . . . Seeing . . . Feeling . . . Suffering. EDGAR ALLEN POE'S
WITH ERIC VON STROHEIM
PLUS YOU'LL SHIVER SHUDDER AND SHRIEK AT THIS SPINETINGLING THRILLER"THE CROOKED CIRCLE" WITH J. Carrol Naish—Glomes Gleason—^Zazu Pitts We dare you to see iti
goal of 1,000 a month, seeking to reach this goal within two years in an effort to match Germany’s output. Airplane manufacturers were summoned to Washington last week, in the first step toward President Roosevelt’s announced intention to expand national defenses with the security of the entire western hemisphere in view. Their reports, it was indicated, will shape some of the President’^ recommendations to the next Congress.
WAR American Organizations ... ... in Shanghai Tuesday issued a formal statement denouncing Japan and wai’ning the American people that Japan plans new aggressions after she has completed the conquest of China. Asserting that it represented the “views of Americans in Shanghai,” and signed by the American Relations Committee representing the American Chamber of Commerce, American Association, and ten leading missionary societies, the statement said: “Japan’s reply to the United States’ note of October 6 (Protesting against “unwarranted” interference with American rights in China by the Japanese) left no doubt in the minds of Americans in the Far East as to the real intentions and objectives of Japanese imperialism.” CJhinese Reported . . . . . . yesterday two victories along the Hunan-Kiangsi border south of Hankow. Chinese troops also halted the Japanese drive down the Can-ton-Hankow railway toward Changsha. Japs aie leported burning all houses in the aiea around Tungcheng on the giounds that they are hai boring guerillas. Japanese wai planes yesteiday bombed the town of Shumchun, on the bordei of Britain’s Hong Kong crown colony, adding to the numbei of wounded Chinese soldiers and civilian lefugees seeking to enter the city. Rebel Bombers . . . . . . rained new death on Baicelona Wednesday and Thursday in eight raids. Number of dead has been unofficially established at 65, with 148 wounded. Coming fiom the north in two squadrons, groups of from five to nine bombeis weaved wanly acioss the city against heavy anti-aii craft fire. After bombing several sections they wheeled away toward the Mediteri anean. Insurgent advices Fi-iday, reported crushing the Spanish government’s salient on the Segre river west bank. Rebel troops reported throwing back government troops (Continued on page 4)
We just haven’t been on the ball what with Turkey Day and everything. So we are going to just play around on these keys. Not responsible for anything printed.
I’m really good if I must say. I polish an apple every day. But it’s not to keep the doctor away So what! ! ! !
Ed Hill has a yearning look in his eyes which he says is just a desire for the days to come at Wabash College. Ed says it’s the school and sports he is going to like when he transfers there, but some of his pals paint a very different picture playing up a lady fair as one of Wabash’s attractions.
We’ve reformed, we really have. It’s all been since this fall. We used to sleep in every class. Now we don’t go at all!
We were going to put in an unpaid ad for BILL DUNSHEE, the screwball—pardon Q-ball—of Black and Tan Fantasy, but we’ve decided it’s of no use. In speaking of the approaching WAA Dance, Dunshee says, “I really didn’t want to go anyhow.” If you happen to see an unarrnounced pep session in the village tonight, or an unusual amount of rejoicing about, be not surprised my chums. It is because of a great adjustment in policy of which is about to take place concerning the authorship of this column. Not that we are convinced that a gal’s place is in the home or because we fear the wrath of ye students, but we are retiring from the field of snooping and are about to become a lady again. Gee, it will be great having someone to speak to again! SONG OF A PURDUE GOON GIRL I came to school to play and dance, To sing and maybe find romance, But no one’s given me a chance, I haven’t even had a chance. I’d like to go to dinner, too. On Sunday’s like my girl-friends do. Why can’t I pitch a little woo? (You tell her.) Souse: “What did you get drunk for in the first place?” Ditto: “I didn’t get drunk in the
A GREAT BIG BEAMING PICTURE THAT TURNS THE SUNSHINE ONI
/
This loy-Hlleii fure...willi a stoiy to inspire us all •••Ic just wliat tbe woilJ needs now! Swsen^ RAPSSy SMYWM smsTtK TAPPm§\ Toesi
PtCTURB
THAT MAKES YOU PALL /N LOVE WITH LIFE . . JUST AROUND THE CORNER CHARLES FARRELL JOAN DAVIS Bill Robertson
Bert Lahr
Starts Today
MARS
Robert Bench ley
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Licbly
“They shouldn’t have bumped hei* off at the end—Fm still old-fashioned enough to think you can reason with a woman!” first place. I got drunk in the last FAMOUS LAST LINES . . . .. ... When a girl is as pretty as a Famous Last (really last) any fellotr would Thought: Oh, how unfair the fair like to have her hanging around his sex can be!!!! apartmeijit.
ANDY HARDY HAS HEART-TROUBLE NOW . . . BLONDE, RED HEADED, BRUNETTEI That Hardy family's hero again] And the loughs, the throbs, the thrills, are all new and better them everl
HAmr
New Stoxy of Judge Hazdy's Family with MICKEY ROONEY
Lewis Si-one—judy Garland Cecilia Parker — Fay Holden
Today-Mon.
LUMA
"N:,. OUT OF THE SKY... INTO YOUR HEART!)
FRED MacMURRAY RAY MILLAND LOUISE CAMPBELL ANDY DEVINE LYNNE OVERMAN PORTER HAU WALTER ABEL
Th« Greatest Air Picture Ever FilmedaeaTeit TIntee Greeter to TECHNICOLOM
mn TODAY MRmnu
^ IY ^ 'V / f f' ^ r ''f* \ ^ a M f
I
Sunday, Novemjser 27, 1938
^ A.Y.GaulkeNamed ' Cross Country • leader For 1939 Allen V. Gaulke, PE ’40, Hales Corners, Wisconsin, was elected captain of the 1939 Boilermaker cross country team at a meeting following the NCAA season finale ^ last week. Gaulke, for two years a member of the cross country team and a member of the track squad, \ began cross country as a freshman when he bested the field in the annual fraternity cross country meet. I “I think we should win the ma- ^ iority of our meets next year,” ^ Gaulke said, “and come out better in the conference. We have three men left from this year’s squad, and with a couple of freshmen added to the list, we should have a pretty strong team.” t White and Reeves are the two who will return next year along with Gaulke. The 1939 squad will ^ miss co-captains Art Bodeau and Alden Knapp, as well as Marozick and Fatout, who will graduate in the spring.
fielder’s...
...choice
Intramural NoHees
BASKETBALL PRACTICE Tomorrow Court 1, R. W. Berry 7.00—^Ward 7 vs. Ward 10 7:15 -Ward 7X vs. Ward 8X 8.26—SiCTna Alpha W(u vs Tau Kappa Ep» silon. ^ 8 40—Delta Chi vs Beta Sigma Psi. Court 2, M. Aronson 7:00—^Ward 16 vs. Ward 13X. 7 :i6—Ward 2X vs Ward 6X. 8:26—Kappa Delta Rho vs Pi Kappa Phi 8 40—Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Acacia Court 3, F. A. Smithson 7 00—Ward IIX xs Ward lOX 7 16—Ward IX vs Ward 21 8:26—Sigma Chi vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. 8 40 —Theta Xi vs Theta Tau TOUCHBALL—TOMORROW Field 9—In Finals Delta Tau Delta vs Phi Kappa Sigma Official, McGrath 10— ^In Finals • Sigma Chi vs. Phi Kappa Tau Official, Fishel 11— In Finals: Phi Pi Phi vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Official, Luce 12— Final Game: Cary Hall IQ vs Cary Hall 9. Official, Berry
For many years football has been played in almost all sections of the country with each college represented by one team, usually made up of a squad of huge men whose major purpose in college is to excel on the gridiron . . . that is all right, but too often this team provides opportunity for only the bigger men, while there are many of the smaller persons who would like to play but who feel that a “good big man is better than a good little man.” —^fc— In the east students who do not feel “tough enough” to play varsity football, but who were good in high school, although comparatively small, have the chance to enter into athletics through the institution of lightweight football. —^fc— Why can’t the Big Ten inagurate a 150 pound gridiron league, just like the varsity conference? ... Each year since 1933 Princeton and Rutgers have been playing an annual 150-pound game . . . Yale, Dartmouth, and other eastern colleges also have these teams for smaller men and each draws a large popular following. —^fc— By organizing a lightweight conference, the Big Ten would accomplish several profitable things . . . smaller students would be provided with an opportunity to enter intercollegiate sports ... an added revenue would possibly be listed as a result of games played between the light weight teams ... on Saturdays when the varsity was away from home, students would be able to see a football game in the home stadium, —^fc— Lightweight football would be a big boost to the game ... it would also add to the prestige of the Western Conference if it were to be a
HAYS JEWELRY CO. EAST SIDE OF SQUARE FINE JEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
ALLEN* SCH®®L OF IIAiNClMCii CLASS DANCE INSTRUCTION FOR STUDENTS OF PURDUE Beginner’s Opens Wed., Nov. 30th 7:30 P. M. Advanced Opens Thurs., Dec. 1st ' 7:30 P.M. No Lessons Given During Hohday Vacation. P. M. Allen, Instructor ENROLL NOW PHONE 2150
West Side Office 132 Vine St. Phone 7278
Winter’s Here Time to clean that Top-coat NOW; Heavy Suit too. You’ll like the American’s work.
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
Freshman Military Students Will Enter Annual Swim Meet University Military Department will sponsor its freshman swimming meet beginning Monday, December 6. Events will include diving, 50 yard free style, 100 yard free style, 100 yard breast stroke, 200 yard free style, and 400 yard relay. The regiment swimming officer will choose two men and one alternate for each event, except the relay, for which four men and four alternates will be chosen. Corps competition will be held between December 12 and 19. The Third Regiment will open the meet on December 6. December 6, the Second Regiment competes. The Fourth Regiment swims December 7, and the First Regiment competes the following night. Medals and merits will be awarded for winners of the various events. Cadet Lt. Col. Forkner and Cadet Captain Holmes are in charge. Co-eds Will Address Weekly WSGA Class WSGA sophomore training school will be held Tuesday and Thursday of this week at 4 p. m. in the tower room of the Union. Betty Elstun and Mary Cooley will be the speakers on both occasions. They will discuss the vocational guidance conference ami how to give one. They will also review the contemporary culture conference, which was held here two weeks ago.
pioneer in bringing lightweight football to the west . . . there will be problems to solve in beginning a program of this kind, as there are in all new things bfit they would be solved as they were confronted. —fc— The setting of a limit of 150 pounds for players in this type of gridiron league would give the little fellow a much better chance to play, and would give him a chance to become much better, perhaps even varsity material after a year or so of play ... it would not, of course, prevent a 140 pounder from playing on the varsity against the heavier competition, if that player and the coach thought it advisable tojet the small man play, because some of the greatest men in the game have been little fellows who scarcely tipped the beam at 145 pounds. —^fc— All in all, this lightweight league would be a great thing for Purdue students ... it would fill a definite need ... let’s do something about it.
Young, Sines, Open Season With Kautsky Cage Team Jewell Young, for two years Big Ten scoring leader and star Boilermaker forward, and Johnny Sines, - who played alongside Yoimg on the championship team of last spring, are among the players on the Kautsky All-Americans’ basketball team which opens the professional hardwood season at the Butler Fieldhouse tomorrow night with the Akron Goodyears, champions of the National Professional Basketball League, as their opponents. Badger Baskefeers Will Rely Primarily On Strong Defense Wisconsin’s green but defensively strong basketball team will meet a fast offensive team when the Badgers invade Boilermaker territory on February 6 for their second conference game. Since all but one of last year’s varsity men have been graduated, the Badgers will attempt to stem the tide of opponents’ offenses with a team composed of sophomores and juniors. Ernie Davis, sole survivor of the graduation purge, will be Bud Foster’s veteran senior guard. The other guard duties will be handled by John Rundell, while Byron Bell will be the starting center. The forwards on this inexperienced team will be Dave Duppee and Robert Schwartz, who were 1938 reserves. Two football men with considerable hoop experience, Bill Garrott and Bob Weigandt, will report later in the season and add to the strength of the Cardinal team. Other subs have good records but none are spectacular and will only add spirit to the team. Some of the better men are Gene Englund, and Don Timmerman, who handle center; Ray Kayon and Paul Murphy, forwards; and Ray Black and Don Halbam, guai’ds. Dopi Timmerman is the tallest man on the squad, standing six feet nine inches in his bare feet. According to Coach Foster, the team, although lacking in speed and in shooting ability, is better defensively and more effective in rebound work than last year’s team. By Defeating... . . . M. G. Johnson yesterday morning two games out of three, Hymen Goldstein advanced into the finals of the all-campus badminton tournament. Scores of the games were 15-12, 12-16, 16-11. Goldstein will play Jim Mann next week for the championship.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Locksmith
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISHER
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATE SHARPENING Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L •
" « • Jewelers
• Professional 1
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A RISK—DOS HAROLD ) RISK—DDS LUTHER A RISK—DDS Schultz Building ■4h and Mam Phone 5701
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well. Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1 19'/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
• Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARISITY BOOT SHOP
• Printing
• Florists
r>RINTING l|^r Office Stalloncty . . D 1 Wcddlns InvIUlloni ■ Me* Book*, Etc... . PHONE ^ A C^CI ^ 2628 LAbOtL b 408 FERRY
ROTH FLORIST 635 Main Street Phones 7955—8050
Boilermakers Plan Suicide Campaign For 1939 Grid Year While there is a temporary lull between what proved to be a banner season for the Boilermakers on the gridiron and the coming hardwood season, fans are looking ahead to the football season of ’39 which will pit Purdue against some of the outstanding gridiron teams in the country. The customary total of eight contests will be inaugurated at South Bend, September 30, against the Irish. Thus far this season Notre Dame, winner in their last 11 contests, has won all eight games they have played. They have yet to face the Trojans from Southern California before the schedule is complete. This appears to be one of the most interesting contests in what has proved to be a very successful campaign for football in general. Purdue will face many of those same “Fightin’ Irish” who are always determined to win. But the Boilermakers will have something to say also about that an^he opener should be the headline game of the week. Gophers Next After a lay off of one week the Riveters will come back into action at Minneapolis where they will engage the Gophers on October 14. The Gophers should also provide the toughest competition possible and a capacity crowd is expected. On October 21, after these two breathers, the Boilermakers will make their first appearance before a home crowd when they face the Michigan State team. Spartans will specialize in blinding speed and a clever passing attack, which is the easiest type of play for the Riveters to oppose. This appears to be another thriller with the Boilermakers reaching their full stride. Play On Coast San Francisco will be the scene of the next encounter which will place the Sapta Clara outfit as the opposition for the Gold and Black. This game will undoubetdly prove the relative strength of the Saints. By this time, when the Boilermakers have finished their schedule of non-conference foes, both the optimists and fatalists will have decided the place for the Riveters in the final standing of the Western Conference. Hdwever, Purdue’s opposition in this game on the first week-end in November will be those unpredictable lowans in the Riveters last home stand of the season. Purdue has an old score to settle with the Hawkeyes, who held the Boilermakers to a 0-0 tie this season. That tie incidentally cost Purdue a share of the conference title. Armistice Day Game Playing one of the toughest conference foes on November 11, the Boilermakers hope to be the ones to shove the Wildcats out of the championship picture. Evanston is to be the scene of an all-important game when the Gold and Black of Purdue meet the Purple of Northwestern. Another game in which anything can happen is the game at Madison with Wisconsin providing the opposition for the Boilermakers. Harry Stuhldreher will try anything once, and that is just the thing the Riveters will have to watch. Last but by no means least is the annual Indiana-Purdue Old Oaken Bucket classic at Bloomington. Boilermakers will be out to retain the bucket for the third consecutive year. The outcome of this contest is always unpredictable and the Hoosiers will be showing all they have for the home fans. The complete schedule follows: Sept. 30—Notre Dame at South Bend. Oct. 7—Open Date. Oct. 14—Minnesota at Minneapolis. Oct. 21—Michigan State at Lafayette. Oct. 28—Santa Clara at San Francisco. Nov. 4—Iowa at Lafayette. Nov. 11—Northwestern at Evanston. Nov. 18—^Wisconsin at Madison. Nov. 26—Indiana at Bloomington.
12 Year OMIAC Star Sets Hew 200 Yard Breast Sfroke Mark Patty Aspinall, 12 year old swimmer from the Indianapolis AtWetie Club, set at time fast enough to break the national womens 200 yard breast stroke record and three Indi-ana-Kentucky records at yesterday afternoon’s annual Aquacade per-foi-mance in the Fieldhouse pool. Four other records also fell by the wayside as fast-kicking legs churned the water. In her first senior division swim for time yesterday Patty set a new national record of 2:55.4 compared to the previous record of 2:56.0 set by Margaret Hoffman on December 30, 1932. All events were timed by official AAU timers, Purdue coach Larry LaBree, T. Willis, and Dick Papenguth. Patty broke Indiana-Kentucky records in her 50, 100 and 200 yard times in the breast stroke event. She established new records of :36.2 for the 60, 1:20.2 for the 100, and her national record time of 2:55.4 at the 200 yard mark. Old times were respectively :38.0, 1:26.6, and 2:51.4. Another lAC Score Jane Cloyd, 14 year old swimmer from the Indianapolis AC, set two new Indiana-Kentucky records ' in the 440 yard and 600 yard free style events. Her time at the 440 tape was 6:01.8, compared to the old record of 6:09.8. She chopped the old 7:00.8 record for 500 yards down to 6:53.8. Univeisity swimmers set a new Indiana-Kentucky lecord in the 150 yard medley relay with a time of 1:34.4. The old record was held by Indiana University at 1:36.0. The swimmers for Puidue were W. D. Lahey, crawl; H. R. Krick, breast stroke, and F. H. Mott, back stroke.
Cinema Cues
By Betty Wickard “Men With Wings,” the tecbniIpolor cavalcade of the air which opens at the Lafayette today, presents the three decade progress qf aviation through the story of three young Americans who devote their lives to aviation. Bhred MacMurray, Ray Milland, and Louise Campbell, head the cast. Shirley Temple confuses a wealthy old banker called “pncle Sam” with our national symbol in the unusual plot of “Just Around the Corner,” scheduled at the Mars today through Wednesday. Danqe numbers by Bill Robinson and comedy provided by Joan Davis apd Bert Lahr enliven the show. —C-C— Mickey Rooney is in love with three girls in “Love Finds Andy Hardy,” which will be brought back to the screen of the Luna today and tomorrow. Judy Garland, Ann Rutherford, and Lana Turner have him going around in circles, while Lewis Stone, as Judge Hardy, helps him solve his problems. ' What happens when an old Civil War vfeteran in a sleepy village receives $60,000, forms the plot of “Young Fugitives,” with Robtert Wilcox and Dorothea Kent at the Luna November 28 - 29. “Little Tough Guy,” featuring the Dead End Kids, Robert Wilcox, arid Helen Parrish completes the bill. —C-C— Eric Von Stroheim is cast in the role of the mad surgeon in “The Crime of Doctor Crespi” at the New Main today through Wednesday. Edgar Allen Poe wrote this story of burial alive. “The Crooked Cir-/ cle,” starring James Gleason and\ Zasu Pitts is the other half of he hoiTor show. —C-C— “Cocoanut Grove” staiTing Fred MacMurray, Harriett Hilliard, and the Yacht Club Boys brings popular song hits to the Arc today and tomorrow. “The Maid’s Night Out,” a comedy with Alan Lane and Joan Fontaine, completes the double feature. William Boyd in “Texas Ti-ail,” and “Prison Farm” with Shirley Ross and Lloyd Nolan will be shown Tuesday and Wednesday.
Industrial plants of Kansas furnish field-laboratories for seniors in the department of chemical engineering at K. U.
Directors note an increase in the use of all state services offered to Oalifomians by th U. of C. extension division.P »r'
€?
3^xaL (Ha,
THE POBDTIE EXPONENT
TUAioiA
Sunday# November 27# 19313
,P < ^4^ i> •.
Chinese Boxing, Music To Enliven Benefit Show In Union Ballroom Tuesday Evening
By Dorothea Justin Something new and something different, certainly to Purdue students, is the varied program to be presented by the Chineses Students Club next Tuesday evening at 7:30 in the Union ballroom. Boxing exhibition, with rules for boxing that include kicking, biting and wrestling as well as fisticuffs, will be given by S. T. Tung, trained in the Chinese version of the spoi't. Though gymnastics in the Chinese manner will also be demonstrated by others of the club, physical prowess is only one of many features of the evening. Music on Chinese instruments, motion pictures, and Chinese art are included on the program. A ta-chin solo, by I. Yang, will follow group singing by the club. This mechanism is a tap piano, made with 64 copper wires strung taut. Sound is produced by tapping the wires with soft bamboo mallets. Play First Fiddle “Something like a fiddle” will be played by S. Lee, for the hu-chin solo. This predecesso^to the violin has two strings which give a wide range of tones when touched by the bow.
The Week’s NEWS
(Continued from page 2) to positions held before the Loyalist’s most recent offensive. SPORTS ' Rebellious Pittsburgh . . . . . . freshman football players, object of a recent athletic scholarship squabble, received a “concession” from that university Thursday by being awarded their first semesters’ tuition for current academic fees. Athletes who signed promissory notes for $300 claimed, when they received bills for a portion of the sum, that they had been led to undei'stand the signing of the notes was simply a formality. University Business Manager John Weber stuck to Pitt rulings and declined to award scholarships, but said if the gridmen felt they have been “misled,” the fees would be cancelled for the 1938-39 term. Big Ten All-Star . . . ... selections for 1938 pigskin honor squads appeared on the horizon of a fast fading football season last week when conference officials and sports ■writers chose all-conference elevens. General consensus of opinion among the several groups seemed to run at random on several team positions. Favorite players of the authoritative groups were Purdue’s Tackle Joe Mihal and Back Lou Brock, Michigan’s Guard Ralph Heikkinen and Quarterback Forest Evashevski, Nor-thwestern’s Center John Haman and Tackle Bob Voigts, and Wisconsin’s Fullback Howard Weis.
ltE:QUOTES ‘‘May You And Yours ... . . . have a happy Thanksgiving. I am thankful I can live in a country where all leaders can sit down on Thanksgi'ving day and carve up a turkey instead of a map,” said the telegram from Eddie Cantor to President Roosevelt on the eve of this week’s national holiday. Sentiment contained in the message caused the President to alter his coast-to-coast address at the last moment before going on the air, “Citizens Cannot . . . . . . feel secure with crackpots in high governmental positions,” declared Representative Martin Dies (D. Tex.) in a recent statement aimed at bringing about the resignation of Secretaries Ickes and Perkins, and WPA Administrator Hopkins. “When they leave they should take with them,” he added, “their army of satellites, thus restoring confidence in government and harmony to the Democratic party.” Previous to this, Ickes had called Dies the “world’s outstanding Zany” and characterized Dies’ testimony before the House Committee on UnAmerican Acti'vities as “garbage,” Says A Hoosier . . . . . .“Next to joining the marines, another way to see some of the world is to be a losing football coach.”
To please all tastes, and to demonstrate further the background of this small group of students at the University, each member will show some of his art treasures brought from China. Handicraft work—silk woven pictures, curved bamboo pictimes, carved marble ash trays and vases will also be on exhibit and for sale. See Ancient Arts Prof. Howard Baldwin, faculty adviser for‘the Chinese Club, says of the benefit, “Tuesday offers students and townspeople an opportunity to enjoy a glimpse of arts of a fascinating country; the benefit promises fine entertainment.” Proceeds from the program will go to the American Bureau for Medical Aid to China. Tickets, priced at 36 cents for the townspeople and 25 cents for students are on sale at the Union desks, Southworth’s, and Deac’s.
WAA News
WAA has completed plans for the winter sports program which ’will open Tuesday. Included in the program are riflery, volleyball, fencing, basketball, dance, bowling, badminton, deck tennis, ping-pong, shuffleboard, and swimming. Tournaments are planned for many of the sports. RIFLERY Riflery starts tomorrow. Activity has been delayed until the completion of the rifle range downstairs in Memorial Gym. Bette Smith is in charge of the intramural tournament. Shooting will be on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday from 6:15 to 9:15 p. m. VOLLEYBALL Volleyball is an important part of the winter program. Approximately 300 co-eds are expected to participate. Call-out is Tuesday at 4 p. m. New rules will be explained and demonstrated. Pauline Swick is head of volleyball. Also on Tuesday at 4 p. m. will be the call-out for fencing, in charge of Ruth Swift. Call-outs for tumbling and badminton will be Wednesday afternoon at four. Jo Cook is tumbling head and Jane Fishleigh head of badminton. PING-PONG Co-eds interested in shuffleboard, ping-pong, or deck tennis will sign up on the bulletin board in main lobby of gym. Call-out for all participants will be Wednesday at 4 p. m. in the gym. Dorothy Shilling is in charge of shuffleboard and pingpong. Georgia Walker in charge of deck tennis. Meetings of the beginning group of the Orchesis Dance Club will be held every Monday at 4 p. m. Advanced group will meet every Thursday at 7:30 p. m, Ann Sickman is president of the club. The Triton Swimming Club, headed by Althea Jorgeson, will meet each Tuesday at 7:30 p. m. Three Professors To Judge Livestock Three of the University’s professors from the Ag campus are scheduled to judge exhibits at the annual International Livestock Exposition in Chicago this week. Prof, A. T, Wiancko, head of the agronomy department, is on the committee to judge corn. Maze judging will start tomorrow and continue until next Tuesday when the grand champion will be announced. Prof. R. B. Cooley, of the animal husbandry department, will judge breeding classes and geldings in the Percheron horse show. Prof. W. W. Smith, also of the animal husbandry department, will judge swine. Reservations... ... for “Dracula,” second Playshop production of the year, may be secured at the box office in Fowler Hall starting tomorrow, between 3 and 6 p. m., by holders of season tickets. The play will open on December 7 and close after a four day run on December 10, A special preview performance will be given Friday, December 2, for those attending the annual Indiana High School Debaters’ Conference.
Football Headliners-
(Continued from page 1)
State aggregation in the thirtysixth annual renewal of their gridiron classic. A scoreless first quarter was enlivened by the tearing attack of Bronco Brunner, speedy Tulane back. Green Wave capitalized on a 69 yard push through Louisiana territory for a score early in the second quarter. Continuing to drive into enemy territory, Tulane scored again in the second half to insure a victory over their traditional rivals. Fumbles were State’s nemesis as they were in scoring territory several times but lost the ball and the Green Wave men invariably recovered the oval.
YANKEE STADIUM, N. Y., November 26. — Overwhelming their ^ancient city rivals, the Fordliam Rams trampled New York University’s Violets into the frozen gridiron to win 25 to 0 today. In the first quarter, the Rams drove 54 yards for the first touchdown. Later in the period, they marched 46 yards in six downs for the next score. Fordham, wearing basketball shoes, constantly forced NYU back but did not score because of fumbles. In the last quarter, however, the Rams clicked for two more scores.
MUNICIPAL STADIUM, Philadelphia, Pa., November 26.—Renewing their thirty-ninth annual gridiron battle. Army and Navy fought before a crowd of 102,000 here today as the West Pointers started the game as favorites. Driving into the Army line throughout the first half, the Navy team outplayed the favorites and scored a touchdown in the second quarter to equal the Army score of the first quarter. However the second half was a different story as a revitalized Cadet team came out on the field and proceeded to march 81 yards to a touchdown in 10 plays. Army scored first on a brilliant 71 yard punt return by “Huey” Long, their right half. Navy retaliated with a short 46 yard jaunt down the field in eight plays to tie up the cadets.
ATHENS, Ga., November 26.— Georgia Tech and the University of Georgia today renewed their gridiron feud, which dates back to 1893, at the latter’s home field, but were unable to break the ice as they tied for the second consecutive year. A second quarter Tech drive put the ball on the Georgia 3 yard line, but they were unable to cross the goal, the drive ending in a pass which was grounded in the end zone.
DURHAM, N. C., November 26.— Duke University’s Blue Devils ended a perfect football season this afternoon as they held off a powerful Pittsburgh eleven, Jhalting the only serious drive, a 71 yard march in the first quarter, and scoring in the opening minutes of the fourth period on a blocked punt. The game left the Duke goal line uncrossed for the entire year. Perdue blocked the kick and Ruff a then added the extra point. Tipton’s fine punting was a major factor in holding the Panther at bay. Students, Faculty To Begin Reception Series Tuesday First of a series of student-fac-ulty receptions will be held Tuesday for all civil engineering students and faculty members in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. The meeting will start at 7:30 p. m. These receptions, under the sponsorship of the Student Union, ^re planned to develop better acquaintances between student and instructor. The problems of each school will be discussed at the get-together. The time of the receptions for other school will be announced later.
WBAA
Monday, November 28 11:00—American Institutions, Prof. Robert Phillips. 11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—^Agricultural Forum. 12:16—Sports Review—Dick Shively. 12 taO—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Rosemary Robinson, pianist 1 ;00—Town Crier. 1:16—Monitor Views the News. 1:80—Melody Time. 1:46—Market Reports. 2:00—The World We Live In. 2:16—Song Time. 2:80—Foods, Facts, Fancies. 2:46—'Mrs. Maurine Martin, violinist 8:00—Symphony Hall. 4:00—Contract Bridge Chats. 4:16—Campus Personalities. 4:80—^The Warren Family, 4 :46—Story Book Hour.
Guidance Forum Closes, 175 Attend Bringing to a close the two-day Guidance Conference yesterday morning, guidance programs operating in Indiana high schools were studied and discussed by the 176 persons attending the meeting. Saturday’s discussions were led by Richard Bateman, director of guidance and dean ^of boys, Peru High School, William Howard, director of guidance, Logansport City Schools, C. R. Young, principal of the Frankfort High School, Dr. M. S. Lewis of the school of education, Indiana University, and Guy Nicholson, director of guidance, Evansville city schools.
Gimlet: Initiation postponed until further notice. ! > (11-29) —SWAN. Sigma Delta Chi: There will be a meeting Sunday, November 27, at 4 p. m., in room C of the Union. ^, —BAILEY. * ‘
FOR SALE
Pi Tan Sigma Pledges: Carnot cycles will be ready any time after 12:00 noon, Monday, November 28. Call for them at either room 286 or 280 Cary Hall Northwest. Please come sometime before 7 p.m. ^ —COLLIER.
FOR SALE—1981 Ford sport coupe. Water heater. Good condition. Call 3016. Hansell.
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. New porteble machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
ME 61, ME 62: Make-up examination for removing conditions will be held in room 4801 on Saturday, December 17, at 1 p. m. All who wish to take this make-up must see me not later than December 10. —BINDER.
WILL WHOEVER traded black overcoat of Alpacuna fabric purchased at Block’s with similar coat purchased at Ayres please call at Union Manager’s oifice to arrange exchange.
Scrivener: Bring all outstanding subscriptions to Dr. Sutcliife or myself by Saturday, December 8. Don’t forget the cash. —PAARLBEIRG.
Will person who took overcoat outside room 308, Rec. Bldg., please return to same or call 8421. Merritt Wolfe.
LOST and FOUND FOUND—Money near Young’s Grocery Tuesday. Loser call Williamson 8444 and idenUfy.
Forestry Club: Important meeting Tuesday, November 29, at Hort auditorium. Mov- / ing pictures will be shown and refreshments will be served. Everyone be present. —GLAZEBROOK.
Christian Science Organization: Regular v meeting will be held Tuesday, November ^ 29, at 7:30 in room C of the Union. —McINTOSH.
LOST—^Black leather jacket in Student Health Service Friday afternoon. Call 6226.
—SUNDAY— 10:00 a. m.—Leaders in dance time, WIND. 11:00 a. m.—Radio City Music Hall of the Air, WOWO (WLW at 11:30). 11:00 a. m.—Let’s Dance, WAAF. 12:00 p. m.—Special broadcast from Bel- , grade, WBBM. 1:00—p. m.—RCA Magic Key, WOWO, WLW, WENR. 1:30 p. m.-—^The Texas Rangers, WBBM. 1:30 p. m.—Football (Cardinals vs. Rams) wmD. 2:00 p. m ■—Philharmonic Symphony Society New York, WBBM, WFBM. _2:00 p. m.—Smoke Dreams, WLW, WENR 2:30 p. m.—Richard Himber’s Orchestra, WIRE. 3 :30 p. m —^The World is Yours, Smithsonian Institute Drama, WLW. 4 :00 p m.—Metropolitan Opera Auditions WENR, WOWO. 4:00 p. m.—Musical Steel Makeis, WLW, WON. \ 4:30 p. m.—Ben Bernie and all the lads with Lew Lehr, WBBM, and WFBM. 6 :00 p. m —Silver Theater, WBBM. 6 :30 p. m —The Show of the Week, Larry Clinton’s Orchestra as guest, WON. 6:00 p. m.—Jello Program with Jack Benny, WMAQ, WLW, WIRE. 6:00 p. m.—Hal Kemp’s Orchestra, WGN. 6 :30 p m.—Passing Parade, WFBM. 6 :30 p. m —Fitch Bandwagon, Frankie Master’s Orchestra, WMAQ, WIRE 7 .00 p. m.—Chase and Sanborn Hour with Charlie McCarthy, W^AQ, WIRE, WLW. 7:00 p. m.—The Mercury Theater with Orson Welles, WBBM. 7 :30 p. m.—Tiny Hill’s Orchestra. WGN. 8:00 p. m.—Ford Sunday Evening Hour, WBBM, WFBM. 8:30 p. m—American Album of Familiar Music, WIRE, WMAQ. 9:00 p. m—Horace Heidt’s Alemite Brigadiers, WIRE, WLW, WMAQ. 9 :00 p. m.—Melody and Madness, Artie Shaw’s Orchestra, WBBM, WFBM. 10:00 p. m.—Del Courtney’s Orch., "WMAQ. 10:16 p. m —Hal Kemp’s Orchestra, WGN. 10:30 p. m.—Gene Krupa’s Orch. WBBM. 11:00 p. m —Artie Shaw’s Orchestra. WMAQ.
NoHces
Purdue Ekigineer Business Staff: All members meet Monday afternoon, November 28, t at 4 p. m. in the office. Your attendance is your indication of your interest in the magazine. —BEHRENDS. C. E. 6 (Surveying): Examination for ^ removal of condition will be held in C. E, 201 on Saturday December 3, at 1 p. m. Get permits in C. E. 102. —POTT.
Purdue Engineer: Following men will report to Harris in the Engineer office on Monday, November 28 at 4 p. m.: Botsford, Ely, Harper, Kimmel, Lantz, Packman, Mossberg, Stevenson, Day. —SQUIRES.
C. E. 21: The examination to remove grade C in C. E. 21 will be given in roon> 301 of the C. E. building on Saturday, December 3, from 1 to 4 p. m. Please consult me in advance. f —SONESON.
WAA Badminton: All those interested in learning to play badminton, report to the Women’s Gym at 4 p. m, Wednesday, November 80, and Thursday, December 1. —FISHLEIGH.
Riflery: Monday, November 28, 6:16 p. m.. Ward 4; 7 :00 p. m.. Ward 1; 7:46 p. m., WRH (North) ; 8:30 p. m., Thaeles. ^ —SMITH.
Scriveners; Guest meeting Sunday, November 27 at 7 :30 p. m. at 125 West Lutz. Bring manuscripts. —JUSTIN.
Alpha Phi Omega: Business meeting on Wednesday, November 30, at 7 :30 p. m., in room A of the Union. Please be there. —STRADLING.
Rifle: Meeting Tuesday, November 29, at 4 p. m. in the Fieldhouse for those interested in using the range 3 to 6 p. m. daily. —CLEVETT. ^ Purdue Riflemen: An open meeting will be held Wednesday, November 30, at 7:80' p. m. in the Union tower room. Purpose of the meeting is to make tournament arrangements and to establish a temporary ^ organization. —FAIRBANKS.
Faculty Members: Regular monthly meeting of the faculty will be held on Monday, November 28, at 4 p. m., in Stanley Coulter Hall. A full attendance is expected. —HOCKEMA.
Co-ed Bowlers: Tournament postponed until Wednesday, November 80. —STOCKER. >
Modem Dance: All girls already in beginning or advanced groups and any others wishing to try out for dance recital must come to rehearsal Monday, November 28, at 4 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. —KNIGHT.
Men’s Bowling: Tournament postponed from Thanksgiving until Thursday, December 1. —WILLIAMSON.
Agronomy Students: Meeting in Room B of the Union Tuesday, November 29, at 7:30 p. m. Guests and faculty invited. —FLANAGAN.
Lamar Dogg, head of the University of Georgia art department, has opened a one-man show at Atlanta’s High museum.
TRAPPERS AND HUNTERS Complete stock of guns and shells. Also trapping equipment.
SPERB HARDWARE 822-24 Main Street
Just M Secondg
Mr. Mercrikauf
As stated by a prominent Purdue University Official, the students at Purdue spend $6,000,000 a year. Are you getting your share ? ? REMEMBER—these same students read the Exponent daily.
THE PUHDUE EXPONENT BUSINESS PHONE 5038
Pi Tau Sigma: All pledges are requested to have a list of their activities, honors, societies, fraternity, and athletics in my hands before Monday noon, November 28. Either send a card or call 4784. —HARVEY.
1 S