i ‘'/..c‘•" •■‘'-r'', ■' / : ■;* ’ ’ -‘ ’ '•- ■
-y
Sports Edition
£^/f Smmm /906
Sports Edition
iT ?«'|
Volume 52, Ho. 103
West Lcmyette, lodkina
Sundoty, Febmory % 1941
Purdue
Indian* 36
Chicago Symphony Will Appear Here Tuesday Evening Doors for the special convocation Tuesday night will open at 6:46, The Chicago Symphony Orchestra, starting its fiftieth season, will begin their program at 7:30, a half hour earlier than usual. Tickets for the general public are to be for sale at the ticket window that evening at $1.00 each but there will be no advance ticket sale and no reserved seats, it was announced by Prof. J. T. Gunn, chairman pf the committee on convocationsk The orchestra, founded out of pure idealism in 1891 by Theodore Thomas, has continually maintained its high standard of performance with Frederick Stock as the conductor. Stock has been with the orchestra for forty-five years—as viola player, assistant conductor, and for the past thirty-six years, as conductor. One of the numbers offered in the convocation program will be Symphony No. 2, I) Major, Opus 73 by Brahms. Stock is considered a pastmaster in the art of interpreting BVahms by Herman Devries, music critic of the Chicago Herald-Ameri-can. Also offered on the program will be Schumann’s Overture, “Liebeef ruhling” (‘Love's Springtime’). A Suite from the Ballet “L’Oiseau de Feu” (“The Fire-Bird”) will be played after intermission and then Paganini’s Moto Perpetuo, Opus 11 ^“Sby all of the violins. Last number of the program will be the familiar “Finlandia,” by Sibelius. The Orchestra has recently returned from a trip east where they played in Carnegie Hall in an exchange engagement with the New York Philharmonic Symphony Orchestra. Two compositions, written for the fiftieth anniversary of the Orchestra and played on the trip for their first Eastern performance, were the John Alden Carpenter Symphony, written in one movement, and the Roy Harris “American Creed.” Frederick Stock has always gpven especial encouragement to American composition, and no conductor or orchestra has performed more such compositions than he, and few as many. Thus bis presentation of Mr. Harris’s score was in line with a habit of many years. in4,f. Racqueteers Prepare For Capital City Team Competing against the Indianapolis A^C in the third and most important match of this year’s series, the Riveter squashmen, next Saturday afternoon on the home courts 9(11 attempt td regain possession of the crown which has been gathering Capitol City dost for the past year. ■V^ithfour seasons of competition behind ti^eir, the two teams find thorn* selves on pore-or less even terms, eaijh having won the toitfnament twice^ Coffee Pot Trophy In point of fact, it isn’t exactly a crown the boys are swinging for. Soane years ago, when the,series started, “Chw” Clevett donated an old wooden handled silver-plated coffee pot which has since been engraved, adding of course to the desirability of possessing it. This year, with the scries tied up the way it is,' (Continued on page 2)
Boilermaker Five Comes From Behind Indiana Educatois To Hand Hoosiers First Big Ten Uss
Purdue UQiversity students, who spend the greater part of their college days learning the dim theory of engineering, last evening sat in a huge laboratory in the Purdue Fieldhouse and watched an engineer par Excellence, Ward Lambert of that faculty, a human engineer to be exact, mold a great combination from supposedly weak material, to destroy and humiliate a superlative iTidiflTip machine 40-36. Men who performed for the Purdueanachine last night wrote a bold face chapter in their careers by absolutely taking the bull by the horns and re-echoing Lambert’s life-time philosophy of competition—“reputations don’t
mean a thing.”
The score would have been greater, that is in Purdue’s favor, had the Boilermaker machine controlled its passes in the final three minutes, at which time three individual Purduvians turned great defensive back-board plays into sure enemy baskets on faulty offensive passes. There wasn’t an individual star on the
Purdue club last night, every man taking advantage of his chance to take a “crack at Indiana.” For Indiana, a team crippled by the loss of its great scoring leader of last season, Curley Armstrong, due to examination difficulties, saw its best ball
game played by two giants, Zimmer and W. Menke.
Hoosiers Take Lead
It's A Hell Of A Note!
And it is, too, even though that may be putting it rather strongly. But last night we knocked off one of the top teams in the Big Ten. We knocked off INDIANA. And by 7$%&$ () 3/4, and by ”$%&’—()7/8-” a fair portion of the freshman class
, was denied the privilege of seeing that game.
WHY ? That’s what we’d like to know. Those freshmen paid for their seats. And those freshmen went to swap in their coupons on the day named. They were met at the window with the
statement that there were no tickets.
However, at the same time they received tickets for Illinois and Chicago. Supposedly those tickets were all passed out at the same time. Why Chicago and Illinois and not Indiana? That’s
what we’d like to know.
Somebody sat in those seats. We were there. The Fieldhouse was full. Who in the devil were they? Maybe someone ought to explain. We’d like to know why a student who pays his fees and follows the rules for turning in his coupons isn’t privileged to
see us lick Indiana.
I repeat. IT’S A HELL OF A NOTE.—dkh Boilermaker Swimmers Down Strong Spartan Team, 39-36 Six Records Smashed In Close Meet East Lansing, Mich., Feb. 1.—(Special to Purdue Exp9iient)— Old records were broken en masse yesterday afternoon in the new Michigan State swimming pool when the Boilermakers sneaked away with a 39-36 win over the Spartan tankers. Leading roles in the Riveter line-up were played bjr Bob Carney, Joe Williamson, and Dick Kratzer.
Sophomore Bob Carney finished ahead of his splash-splattered field in two events, cracking the pool record in the 440 yard free style race. His other victory came in the 220 yard free style. Joe Williamson, another sophomore, aided in the assault on records by swimming the 200 yard breast stroke in a new low. He swam in -the winning medley relay trio which cracked a mark. Another Winner Dick Kratzer, Riveter junior, broke the pool record for the 100 yard free style, and assisted in bringing the medley relay team a Win. r.o.s. Summary of the meet is as follows: Medley Relay—^Won by Purdue. (McCredy, Williamson, Kratzer). Time, 3:09.4, New recorfi. 220 yard free style— Carney, first (P); Siler, second (P); Himelein, (MS) third. Time, 2:21.5. 60 yard free style—^Ladd, first "(MS); Hefferman, second mIMS); Herr, third (P). Diving—Luoto, first (MS); Parkas, second (P); Oohatein, third (P)100 yard free style—^Kratzer, first (P); Farmer, second (MS); Herr, (P). Time, :64.4. New Record. 160 yard backstroke—-Becker, first (MS); Aficker, second (P); Andersen, third (P). Time, 1:44.9. New record. 200 yard breast stroke—William-
son, first (P); Biglow, second (MS); Grant, third (MS). Time, 2:34.6. New Record. 440 yard free style—Carney, first (P); Himmelein, secoiid (MS); Horn, third (P). Time, 5:16.4. New record. 400 yard relay—Won by Michigan State. Time, 3:44.7. New record. WRH Will Entertain At Open House Today From 3 to 8 o’clock today the Women’s Residence Halls will hold theid annual open house. All guests will be met at the entrance of Wood Hall and from that point will be guided through the various rooms of the halls. The kitchen in Wood Hall, in addition to reception rooms and the Grill, will he open for the visitors. Personal invitations from members of the faculty and staff of the University; and any other guests will be welcome. Five Hundred ... couples attended the P-Men’s Club Blamket Hop last night after the Indiana-Pordue basketball game. Dick Gisne and his band furnished the music for the dancers.
Indiana lost little time in showing its invincibility by showing Purdue fans and players how to work a ball around, gaining a lead of 12-7 in SIX minutes. Red Caress entered the ball game at this point, and Purdue entered a new lease op life; but only after Schaefer and Dro had driven under for set-ups and the former had hit a free throw, making the count 17-7,1. U. Many^ fans settled back in their seats to watch the superior Indiana team wallop Purdue as no 1. U. team has ever done before; but these fans were brought to their feet by some great back-board play by Riley, Caress, and Blemkef that started the Boilermaker machine in high gear, so high that in time before the half Purdue had an unpredicted 2419 lead. Boilermakers Explode With the- score standing 17-7, Sprowl hit his specialty from the foul circle; Red Caress dropped a free throw, and Don Blanken’s long one-hander from the side set off a detonation never before heard in Purdue’s Fieldhouse—^the count was 17-14, and Purdue’s players were smiling like a Turkish minister with his harem . . . little were people to realize that Purdue had set itself in a momentum that Indiana’s prowd and hauty national champs couldn’t cope with. Seven minutes remained: Sprowl again dropped one from the rafters, and Purdue was in arrears by one point. Dro then saddened matters with a one hander from the 16-foot line, but Purdue was to be heard from. Red Caress, fouled by Dro, calmly slipped a couple ef free throws on the score board, and then that same fighting red-head, a kid who knows no defeat, hit an under-the-basket shot that put Purdue in the lead, 20-19, the lead it never relinquished. Just to rub it im before the tea-time, Blanken hit another long one from the Hills and Dales and then hit a left hand shot far away on the side, counting the half score at 24-19. At the onset of the second half, (Continued on page 6) Meredith Club To Sponsor Style Show On Wednesday^ Virginia C. Meredith Club will sponsob a display of new Spring CQtton fashions Wednesday in the Home Economics auditorium. Nova A. Eisnor, fashion director of the Cotton Textile Institution in New York, will be here with an exhibit of forty cotton dresses and samples of household fabrics. University girls will be chosen to model the dresses. Faculty members, townspeople and students are invited to attend the show, e.ni.b.
Piggy Lambert f'
.., added another feather to his already over-stuffed head-dress by virtue of the Boilermakers’ scalping of the Indiana NCAA championship contingent before a capacity crowd of over 9,000 cheering spectators.
Approximately 1,2 00 teachers, principals, and superintendents of Northwestern central Indiana attended the annual Purdue County Institute, held yesterday in the Hall of Music and the Union Building. The morning prog^ram consisted of the addresses by Dr. A. L. Sacher, Dr. C. T. Malan, and Superintendent Donald DuShane. Dr. Sachar who is director of the Hillel Foundation at Brooklyn College N. Y., spoke on democracy. His definition was **personal liberty plus groceries.” History shows the strength of democracy according to Dr. Malan. He listed as the needs of democracy the emplo3Tment, imity and obedience of its people. Dr. Malan is the State Superintendent of Public Instruc-tion-elect. DuShane Discusses EdueStion Donald DuShane, president of the National Education Association, the third speaker, emphasized the need of professional organization by educators. His subject was “Crisis Ahead in l^ducation.” A luncheon was served at noon in both ballrooms of the Union for the educators. Men’s Glee Club and a String Ensemble from the "University Orchestra entertained during the meal. Following this President Elliott spoke and then the afternoon was given over to a number of Round Table discussions. These included discussions on such subjects as music and art, speech improvement, mathematics, social studies and social studies. jff.a. EnrollmenI For Leader's Training Course Siiil Opoi Short-course students may still enroll in the leadership training course being offered by the Student 'Pasters’ Association and the Religious Council. In the remaining three sessions the course will take up Worsh^ Leading, Rev. Wm. McFadden; The Life and Message of Paul, Rev. HG. Stolldorf; and The Teachings of Christ, Professor Gordon Graves. All sessions are open to the publi^ — — I
Origin Of Basketball Revealed By Aesop Heir; Advises Co-eds
By Jake Aesop Once upon a time, a very, very long time ago, there was an island near the coast of England where the ratio of males to females was much, much worse than it is here at Purdue (3.98 to 1). In fact, the situation was so uncanny that there was at one time only one girl whom fifty men wished to take into wedlock. The poor wench was, of course, unable to choose any one for the fortunate role, so she decided that she would marry the husky male who could throw a heavy rock up onto a high ledge on a dift. The men tried again and again hut were unable to attain tbe high perch with tiie rock. They therefore decided to put a fast one over on the lone s^uae by substituting for the rock a^hter one. They still' could not get the missle high enough, so they kept making it
lighter Snd lighter until they finally had an air filled sphere, very crude of course, which they were able to toss up onto the reqmxed lofty perch. The men, striving to attadn greater accuracy and agffi% at handling the ball developed the sport of basketball. What happened to the girif Ob^t She died an old maid. 'Hie men bo*^ came so engrossed in playiiig tb# game that th^^Mdded it was moco fun to than to get msrried* They went over to IBngland to get their wives as these Engliab giiki were not so haughty and erpeeted less of their husbands. mo^ of this story i% doe^ set tbe price of winning your b»n4 too high, girle, or the fellown wiH go over to England to get tb^ wives.
C> iidpage I-Sfio/dA
Sunday, February 2« 1941
fijMid/usL ^xpotuutL
Boilermaker Trackmen Win Opening
Ome-Beaten lllini Play On Fieldhouse Court Tomorrow Night In Return Tilt
An Dlini basketball team moaning for lack of reserve strength will take the Fieldhouse court against Piggy Lambert’s cagers tomorrow night at 7:30 in the second tilt of a home and home series between the two bitter rivals. At the first meeting which was early in January the Riveters blew a 20-15 half-time lead to the scrappy lllini, and when the nets cooled after the final gun, Coach Lambert’s title-defending squad had lost their first conference game, 49-34.
Further grief was heaped on lllini C!oaeh Doug Mills Thursday by the probable loss of Bill Hocking, giiard, who sustained an ankle injury in the contest with Mexico. The loss of Hoot Evers, team’s leading scorer, and Henry Sachs, leader of the second-half insurrection in the earlier Riveter tilt, by the ineligibility route was the first blow to
Coach Mills.
Shapiro Gets Chance The status of Evers has created an opening for Shep Shapiro, fastbreaking forward on the midget side, while the vacated post of Henry Sachs has-been--reclaimed byWukovits. At the outset of the season Wukovits was rated over the now ineligible Sachs, but beginning with a sparkling show against Purdue in Champaign and continuing brilliant play until examinations
ruled him out, the aggressive Sachs chased Wukovits to the bench. A likely line-up for the Mills aggregation is listed as follows: Captain Johnny Drish and Shapiro, forwards; Art Mathiesen, center; Vic Wukovits and Bob Richmond,
guards.
TJfree Years Ago
In former years the Illini-Boiler-maker tussles have frequently turned into mad melees. The unforgettable game of three years ago on the Fieldhouse floor found the Young-Sines-Malaska-Beretta- and Anderson combination stalling away . 14 minutes of the second half in an effort to bring the lllini out after the ball. But the orders of Coach Doug Mills told the Suckers to stay in their corners and forget about the ball. As a result, both teams
m SENSATIONAL BEST-SELLER!
DENNIS
MORGAN
JAMES
CRAIG EDUARDO CIANNELU* ERNEST COSSART • GLADYS COOPER JIXO Jl^D30 P J C J V X e NOW SHOWING
‘Dlncftd h SAM WOOD
Admission on This Picture
NIGHTS and SUNDAY
35c
WEEK DAY MATINEES
25e
(Tax Included)
CHILDREN ALWAYS
10c
Discussion Tonight By Local Historian The first of a series of discussions about war propaganda shall be given tonight at 6:30 in the West Lafayette Methodist Church. Professor Frank Hall of the history department will lead this first discussion with a talk on “War Propaganda and Its Analysis.” The students of Wesley Foundation are sponsoring this and the following discussions for the purpose of helping the local public to ferret the truth from propaganda and reports on world affairs.
scored a scant total of nine points in that wierd second half. The final score was 23-13 in favor of the Riveters, a team that had averaged over 40 points per tilt in the previous games that season. Last year the Riveters dunked the Mills squad twice, 33-27 and 34-31, both times in convincing style. The second game clinched the Big Ten title for the Riveters, and the manner in which the Riveters changed almost certain defeat to a miraculous victory is still in the minds of the lllini team. Probable starting line-up for the Lambert combine tomorrow night is as follows: Sprowl and Igney, forwards; Blanken, center; Blemker and Krampe, guards, r.o.s.
Riveter Cinder Forces Nose Out Maroons In Chicago, 54 2-3 - 49 1-3 Chicago, 111., Feb. 1. — (Special to the Purdue Exponent) — Coach Herman Phillips’ cinder forces had little trouble in running off with their first dual meet of the season yesterday afternoon by trimming Chicago64 2/3 to 491/3. The Boilermakers garnered eight first places, while the Maroons were only on top in three individual events and the mile relay. Rankin Scores Again "
— TODAY - MONDAY —
ClAUDCTTi COLBERT RAY MILLAND
Dave Rankin proved to be the higk point man for the visitors with two firsts and a second for 13 points. The former grid captain dashed home in front in both the low and high hurdles and then added a second in the shot put. The Boilermakers had little difficulty in piling up points during the track events, taking personal charge of all but the 880 yard run. Randall and Reeves won the mile and two mile trots respectively, Anthony grabbed the 440, Keim the 60 yard dash, and Rankin won both the afore-mentioned hurdle affairs. Chicago helped its cause along by winning the mile relay and taking firsts in the shot put and high jump. Kinchelee added a few more points for the Riveters by winning the pole vault, and Tycqcki leaped in with his usual first in the broad jump. Statistics of the meet follow: Mile run—Randall, first (P); Kempt, second (C); Jarvis, third (P). Time, 4:28.8. 60 yard dash—Kerm, first (P); Morrow, second, (C); Bancker, (P), third. Time, 6.5 secs. 440 yard run—Anthony, first (P); Wilner (C), second; Ten Eyck, third (P). Time, 61.9 secs. 70 yard high hurdles—Rankin, first (P); Ray, second (C); Stroyeck (P). Time, 9.3 seconds. Two mile run—Reeves, first (P); McLaughlin, second (P); Cox, third (C). Time, 10:09.8. 880 yard run—Randall, first (C); Stabenau, second (C); Jentsh, third (P). Time, 2:00.7, 70 yard low hurdles — Rankin, first (P); Stroyeck, second (P); Ray, third (C). Time, 8.3 seconds.
SAVE $-$-$ and STEPS Buy All of Your School Supplies Here USED and NEW BOOKS UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE (Across From Union) M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29 ' R. W. “Doc” Epple, ’44)
CHARLES BUTTERWORTH BURGESS
Notices
P.O.M.M. Members: Those who paid for keys may now get them at Triangle house. —MASSEY.
MARS — NOW PLAYING-
THRILL. AMERICA! Her* com* Ih* (ly- ' ing,flghlln8ilovlnfl , "Hell Cate"l Spec 'I loewlorl Cotf of '/ lhautaiiil*l ^TAYLOR 'frtutu _____ __ ^FUGHT COMHAND
w/rftRutb HUSSEY Walter PIDGEON Paul Shsppem KELLY •STRUDWICK Nat PENDLETON ROIVM
One mile relay—^Won by Chicago (Kincheloe, Kanaus, Blakeslee, Wilnes). Time, 3:32.5. Pole Vault—Kinchelee, first (P); second and third (Tie Lovett and Grimm) (P). Height, 12 feet. Shot Put—Rendleman, first (C); Rankin, second (P); Rider, third (C). Distance, 47 ft, 4 1-4 inches. High jump—First and second, Ray and Conway (C); Third, tie between Anderson and Dodge (P) and Mafit (C). Height, 5 ft, 10 inch. Broad jump—Tycocki, first (P); Dodge, second (P); Ray, third (C). Distance, 21 ft. 8% inches.
Alpha Phi Omega: Keys for E, H. Weaver, C. G. Smith, R. Murril, R. R. Kraybill, E. E. McCracken, W. H. Kuhlman, P. E. Pontius, R. M. Thompson, R. S. Sternberger at 27 Russell street. —CHAMBERS.
Scriveners: Meeting Sunday, February 2, at 7:30 p. m. in room 261 of Union. —RIEGLE.
McBee’s Organic Chem 30: Following sections in organic chemistry were not listed in the schedule of classes. Their time and meeting places are: Div. L, Saturday 9. Chem annex 129; Div. M, Saturday 9, Chem 421; Div. N, Thursday 2, Chem 421: Div. O, Thursday 2, Chem. 421. —McBBE.
Horticulture Society: There will be a meeting Wednesday, Feb. 6, in the assembly room of the Horticulture building. Please be there. —RESNER.
Reamers: Regular meeting Tuesday, Feb. 4, at 7 :15 p. m. in room 307 of the Union. —BOHLIN.
Co-ed Riflery: Class practice Feb. 6, 6, 10, 12, 13. Three practices are required. Class matches Feb. 18 and 20. —BLAGRAVE.
YWCA: Call-out for girls to work on the publicity committee will be in the office Tuesday, Feb. 4, at 4 p. m. —PETERSON.
Zouaves: All members wishing to remain active meet in the Armory at 4 p. m. Tuesday, Beoruary 4. —GIBSON.
AWS (WSGA) Office Committee: Important meeting Monday, February 3, at 4 p. m. in office. If unable to attend, notify me. —STIERS.
Playshop Board: Debris picture will be taken Monday, February 3, at 4 p. m. In Fowler Hall auditorium. Please wear suits and afternoon dresses. —SHEDRICK.
Poultry Club: Debris picture will be taken Thursday, February 6, at 7:30 p. m. in the south ballroom of Union. Wear suits or afternoon frocks. Please be prompt. —SHEDRICK.
PIA Board: Regular board meeting in PIA office Monday, February 3, at 4:30 p.m. —MUSSER.
Co-ed Clothes Modelers: Anyone modeling clothes for V. C. Meredith show report on Monday, February 3, at 4 p. m. —McCullough.
Racqueteers Prdfiara For Capital City Team (Continued from p«ge 1) the odds on either side are practically negligible. Both teams are finding the going a bit difficult right now. The Rivet-' era are trying to hold practices in the midst of the all-campus squash tournament and the lAC squad has just lost its A-number one man to the army. It seems that this gentleman, Henry Langsenkamp by name, made the mistake of being in the Air Force of the National' Guard, and thereby allowed himself to be shipped off for a year’s vacation in Mississippi. 12 Against 12 It is expected that Indianapolis will send up a dozen or so men, a privilege'accorded the visiting team, and in that event, the Boilermakers will play a corresponding number, j.s.k.
Crocodiles breed twenty-five times per minute and have a heart beat of 38 beats per minute in the deepest jungles of Africa.
WAA: All-star teams will practice Monday, February 8, and Wednesday, February 6, at 4 p. m. in Women’s Gym. —KIRKHOFF. Newman Club: Executive council meeting Monday, February 8, at 4 p. m. in room 302 of Union. —LUEBS.
Distinguished Howitier Squads: There will be an important meeting of executives and assistant executives at 4 p. m., Monday, February 3, in room 206 of Armory. —ANTRIM.
Fencing—Call out for those interested in fencing at 4 p. m. Tuesday, in fencing room of Fieldhouse. —McCONAHAY.
AH Students: Anyone interested in Playshpp crew work, sign up at Playshop office in Fowler Hall by 'Tuesday, February 4. —KECK.
Christian Science Organization: Regulaimeeting Tuesday, February 4, at 7:16 p m. in the Union Building. —BURROUGHS.
Union Sophomores: Meeting of Bum Room Committee 'Tuesday, February 4, at 4:30 p. m. in the Union office. —WOLFE.
Skull and Crescent: Important meeting Wednesday, February 6, at 7:30 p. m. in room 802 of the Union. Drop around fellows ! —LANIUS
Classified Ads
Room for rent: Single or double. Twin beds, continuous hot water, new furniture. Best room on Littleton street. Phone 3442. 242 Littleton.
FOB SALE Typewriters and adding machine*, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to 169.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigiaph work. C. F. EbershoS, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
For Sale: '31 Chevrolet Coach. New tires and paint. Sacrifice.- Call 4916. (Ask for Tom Makey.)
FOR RENT For Rent: Buss-Rent-A-Car Service. Cara for all occasions. Min. $2.50 all uighL Phone i 2407. '
Girls: Attractive double room. Single , beds. Breakfasts and dinners served if deaider. Phone 2661. 212 Fowler.
Single Room for Rent—$12.00 a month rent. 226 W. Lutz St. Phone 76632.
l^st: Glasses in blue case, January 20. Union Building. Call 71811. Liberal Reward.
ARC
TODAY-MONDAY
OoVAeii
yriTH RICHARD DAMNING |EAN CAGNEY — AND —
». HWSE « SEVEN CLWill WITH NAN GREY MARGARET LINDSAY ALSO SELECTED SHORTlpjuJtdm£xfitumii Ti,e iDolumii
See by the papers (that's where we get all our stuff) where the U. S. is debating whether or not it should Step into the marital situation and leave a lot of wives floating nebulously at the hearth end of a one year interlude. We ssy no. After all if those guys wanted to hear Lohengrin. It’s their own fault. ii< * * And they ought to be made to take the consequences. * * * Besides there are enough of us draftees vicing for the affections of the gals in camp vicinity towns not to mention the hostesses ? without competition from a bunch of professionals. ■(< * * Seems sort of queer to begin worrying about such matters now though. According to our way of reckoning there are already quite a few fugitives from loving, honoring and obeying languishing about in army mudholes and drawing down their 21 dollars per. It’s the old case of shoot first. And ask questions at the coroner’s inquest. ♦ * * However, this old axiom has been outmoded by the new era. Of wooden guns. * * * . From our unfailing course of information we also gather that the Japanese government has come out for smaller rice bowls and highly varnished chop sticks. For the working people. Making it harder to eat Itess rice. And proving that two can live as cheap as one. If both eat less rice.
Reminds us of a story about a horse. The horse was
Sunday, February 2,1941
The Purdue Exponent ifintered u ■eoond euuM matter M Uie jNMt oSlee in fsyette, Indiana, under the net el Concnw of llnek >, 1879, and at the apeeial rate of poetase provided for ta •ection 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorised Jannair 20, 1922. Published dailr except Monday durlne the- resrular aeademio /year and weddy durlns the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail snhseription $8.60.
Edltor>ln-Chlef.. Business Manavsir.....
...R. W. Oonahue Merle HaKemeyer
Publication Staff News Kditor. — H. McKee Manasing Editors ,_D. K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. S. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Ruffner, R. M. Skallemp, 3. L. Traugott. Business Staff Leeal Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. lenders; Promotion Manmier, C. P. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford: Circulation Manager, R. M. Beektenwald. Co-ed Staff
... 3eth Simpson Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose. Donna
Editor Associate Editors: SieA. Sports Staff Editor J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: 3. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038} Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For Thii Issue Night Editors: Johnson and Swaim—Day Editor: Miller Staff: E. W. N^ordlinger, M. J Fox, D. M Black, C. Thomas, J. Amos, O. T. Clark, J. D. Fraisei, E C Young, A. Hunter, E. Keiper.
dinuJ^-JallL
Beta Sigma Psis EledNewOfficen At National Meet
part of an experiment. Each day he was fed less and less. And just as he was trained down to living on nothing at all. He spoiled the whole experiment. By dying.
Moral: Horses can’t live without hay,—dkh
Pfoi. Honeywell To Show 1,000-Piece Symphonic Band Leaves Collection Of Indian Lote Wednesday for Hagerstown Today
by Ernest Nordlinger Starting at the early age of eight, Prof. E. R. Honeywell began his collection of arrowheads until now his hobby contains 6,000 pieces of Indian lore. He will speak and display his collection to the student body next Wednesday evening, Februafy 6, at 7:30 in the Horticulture Building Assembly Hall (room 117).
audience next Wednesday, including tomahawks, banner stones, spear points, flints of all varieties, axes and steel crude steel arrow shafts. Most of the collection has been gathered in the seven Middle Western states during his numerous travels. The past five years have seen the greatest growth in his hobby. Many unusual and beautiful specimens have been found. No estimate has been made of the value of the Indian lore since accurate catalogs are unavailable. The flints range in size from one-half inch to seven inches. Everyone Invited The Horticulture Society is sponsoring this meeting for the student body, but all students are invited. After the lecture refreshments will be served, according to Henry Resner, chairman for the meeting.
Purdue Symphonic Band leaves at 8 a, m. this morning for Hagerstown yrhere they will present a popular program in the high school auditorium. The concert, which is sponsored by the high school band, will start at 3 p. m. The Symphonic Band is composed of 80 members chosen from the regular marching band, and will appear in regular uniform, j.f.a.
Tea Dance
... sponsored by the Student Union will be held Tuesday afternoon beginning at 4 in both ballrooms. Admission will be by passports. Music will be from recordings of famous bands.
At the annual convention of Beta Sigma Psi, national Lutheran fraternity, the officers for the coming yedr were elected in the afternoon business meeting. The evening attraction was the banquet at which President E, C. Elliott spoke. After the game the delegates were entertained with a dance at the University chapter house. H. A. Hager of East Chicago was elected president; H. C. Ahlbrand, Seymour, was made vice-president; D. Lienneman, Lincoln, Nebraska, treasurer; H. R. Ringler, Seymour, field organizer; and E. A. Jones, Seward, Nebr., publication editor, e.w.n, Playshop Tryouts Begin Tomorrow In Fowler Hall Tryouts for the second Laboratory Theatre group of plays will be Monday, February 3, at 8 p. m. in Fowler Hall. All students who have not been in a major Playshop production are eligible for these plays. The Laboratory Group plays are student directed and student produced. The plays are: “The Robbery” by Clare Kummer, a comedy which will be directed by Josephine Stong; “The Marriage Proposal” by Anton Tchekov, a farce comedy, with codirectors Richard Coleman and John Gilley; the third play is “Cradle Song,” a project in the Speech 50 class. This third play is already cast and the director is Ann Pierce. The production will be February 20 and invitations are not necessary to attend, m.j.f. Prof. W. F. Graham . . . superintendent of the Agriculture Conference that was held on the campus two weeks ago, announced that 8,809 persons regigf tered, an increase of 1,226 persons from last year’s conference. Visitors came from Washington state as well as Massachusetts. PI Kappa Phi . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Allan Reynolds from Canton, Ohio.
When the game ends... pause and
Phone 4081
Friedrich von Bemhai’di, a German author, recently wrote in his book “Germany and the Next War," “The inevitahleness, the idealism, and the blessing of war, as an indespensable stimulating, law of development, must be repeatedly em^ha* sized. War is a biological necessity of the first importance, a regulative element in the life of mankind which cannot be dispensed with.. „ But it is not only a biological law but a numal obligation and, as such, an indespensable factor of civilization." Dr. Robert Ley, German Labor Leader, writing in the same vein, stated, “War is simply another form of expressing tiie highest and the best in mankind. In war lies the rebirth of our nation. War is not the wrath of God but a blessing of God. In nations living in eternal peace manldind dries up and all the virtues that make man lovable to woman degenerate." Thus the self-appointed leaders of the German people have glorified and justified war, contradicting the so-called “appeasers" in this country, who declare that the Nazis dislike war just as much as we do and would soon make peace with England if the United States would put an end to their meddling in the
European conflict.
Furthermore, the German people have been taught to hate the English, who they believe are keeping them from theiT' rightful “place in the sun." In a speech before a group of workers, Dr. Ley declared, “The issue of this war is not merely winning a battle. It is the annihilation of England and restoration of mastery for our people.... We shall not rest till England’s world power is annihilated, and there can be no new life until the world is divided*anew.” The Germans are seeking domination of Europe, which they believe is their divine right, and from Dr. Ley’s statement it can be seen that a permanent peace, acceptable to England at the present, is not among the goals of the Nazi party. For seven years 80 million German people have been organized for the sole pdrpose of creating the greatest war machine in history, and there can be but one result—^total war. Hitler believes the pacifist ideal can be fulfilled only when the “German effcnrt to conquer the world" has succeeded. In two short sentences Hermann Goering summarizes the aims of the Nazi government, which seem to remove all hope for a lasting peace with the present German government: “We are now beginning our history of Europe, but it will not be written in ink. Blood is our ink." n.a.o.
YOU DINE wUh, CONFIDENCE ifctiUL CHESTNUT ROOM £IL JthiUA. £eAt... JhsL fiwviwL UniofL »■ \ The Corner of the Compue-^, Yet the Center of AetivitioM^ r ^ 1.
¥4,. ■ ‘Sw^-^'-i.
. Stindo^ C^bru^^
'{jfk . ^
kHiMii
■•■ir'
: ■■' K
'iH
\fijuJuUwL £xftotumL
Sunday. February % 1941
fiHiUtt S“^flOAJtA
Coach Reeck Picks Travelling Mat Squad For Normal Opener Openbag their dual meet season tomorrow evening, Coach Claude Eeeck’s Boilermaker wrestling team journeys to Bloomington, Illinois, to do battle with a very strong Illinois Normal squad. Since it was necessary for Coach Reeck to be out of town yesterday afternoon in order to make arrangements for the eiMBuing campaign. Co-captains John Papurca and Casey Fredericks went to ^t for their mentor and directed limberingup exercises and a light workout.
More Eliminations
lih ad(^ition to the practice session yesterday, the Riveter grapplers will conduct a short drill this afternoon. Eliminations for the traveling team have been completed with the exception of the 145 pound class. The two remaining candidates for that spot are Co-captain John Papurca and Kenny Rawlins. Both boys are very evenly matched, but as Reeck is only taking one man in each division, one of the lads must be eliminated when the two meet this after-
noon.
Despite the brace of lickings that the Normal team absorbed from the Reeck-coached machine last year, the former has had no trouble with ineligibilities, nor have there been any men lost via the diploma route. As a result, the Old Gold and Black faces the Same crew that provided such tough competition in the 1939'40 schedule. With impressive victories over Northwestern, Chicago, and Bradley Tech, the Illinois school stacks up as a tough obstacle for the Riveters. Bradley felt the sting of the Normal lash and was soundly trounced,
21-5.
Forward, Minute Men! For the first time, Boilermaker grunters will have an opportunity to become members of the Minute Men’s Club, a wrestling honorary. In order to attain membership in this organization one must record a fall victory in a minute or less. The first man to score a fall is automatically the club president, and those following are oflicers in the order that their falls are made. A trophy will be awarded at the conclusion of the campaign for the man scoring the most points in the dual meet season. This diadem will be given by the popular H. G. (Deac) Reisner, and the winner will be determined on the basis of five points for a fall and three points for a decision. Four Meets On Deck Within the next nine days the Riveters have a total of four meets. Following the encounter tomorrow, the team goes to Findlay College for a scrap on Thursday. On Friday they travel to Columbus, Ohio, to tangle with the powerful Buckeyes of Ohio State. In their first home meet of the embryo season, the Gold and Black entertains Cornell College of Iowa on the next Wednesday. The following men will leave by automobile tomorrow afternoon at 4 p. m. 121 pound elass: Casey Fredericks 128 pound class: Bob Sikman 136 pound class: Jack Poster 146 pound class: John Papurca or Ken Rawlins 166 pound class: Bob Britt 165 pound class: Joe Hlinka 176 pound class: Warren Eviston Heavyweight class: Frank Rug-
gieri.
Boilermaker Squad Trounces Indiana (Continued from page 1) Indiana started fast, Schaefer scoring immediately under the hoop, but sophomtore “Horsie” Riley, playing the greatest game of his here-to-fore short career, retaliated for Purdue. Blemker pegged two more points from the foul circle, and Blanken made a pair of free tosses to give P. U. a 30-21 lead. Don Blanken was KOed in a scramble by “Moose” Dro with twelve long minutes remaining. Riley fouled Francis, and he was good for half-abasket, but Blemker again tossed one of those off-balance dead-eye shots of his demonic repetoire through the rim, and Purdue had completely turned the scoring table around by taking a ten point lead such as the Hoosiers had enjoyed at first. I U Has One More Pop Indiana’s wad wasn’t shot as yet; Dante’s Inferno was made to appear like a story of Iceland before the “superior” visitors were to admit defeat. Blemker made it 33-22 with a free throw, and then-the Indiana avalanche struck. Logan hit one under; Zimmer hit two tip-ins, and Schaefer made a one pointer— and then a duplicate. Bill Menke, held to one basket up to this time (seven minutes remaining) , then tipped a rebound in after manipulating the leather around for a few seconds. Here the count stood Purdue 31-1. U. 32. Sprowl was fouled and connected with his gift, but Bill Menke, in a flying swan act tied the count with a Washington Wiggle and St. Louis Shakedown shot from
imder.
Potent Grand Finale At this point, the score deadlocked and six minutes left. Captain Bob Igney, the only calm and unerratic man on the floor last night, slammed a high long side shot through the rim for Purdue’s lead of 36-34. Red Caress intercepted a frantic I. U. pass, and turned'it into the greatest play of the evening, passing to Sprowl, who made a difficult leverse spin shot from under with his back on the iron. Blanken put things in cold storage with another one-hander from the vicinity of Chicago’s Toop, and the parting salute was fire by Schaefer from the middle while he was on a fast break
run.
Whew, what an evening! Game Summary
PURDUB 4« Igney, i Sprowl, f Riley, f Polk, f Blanken, e Blemker, K Krampe, g Caress, g
Totals
FG FGA FT PF 1 & 0 0
Shirts Finished by American
will add that extra touch of neatness you want. Collars and Cuffs look like new new and give you many hours of neat wearing ability I Bring in your shirts today!
American
1S2 NORTHWESTERN AVE.
Chicago Foilsmen Down Riveter Fencers
Wegener Paces Losing Silver Mask Team
Nine Riveter Boxers Win First Round Of Golden Glove Tourney When Coach Joe Benna of the Riveter Golden Gloves boxing team aired optimistic predictions over the showing of his fighting proteges in the Lafayette tourney, he wasn't kidding a bit for approximately one-half of his squad went into action last Wednesday night and punched themselves nine winners out of eleven fights. The rest of the squad will don gloves this coming Wednesday night and enter the Lafayette ring in an attempt
to continue the unusual showing.
7 Second K. O.
Of the nine winners for the Riveter team, six won by knockouts, one by a technical knockout and two by decisions. A seven second knockout by Bill McClure was the feature of the night and if it isn’t a record, it comes awfully close. McClure’s opponent had scarcely hoisted himself up from his stool when one of Bill’s fists had exploded on the point of his jaw. He hit the canvas with a crash, was counted out and hauled off to a Lafayette hospital for treatment. The Boilermaker winners were* Harry Michaels, 160 pounds, a K. O. in the second round; Bill Hoskins, 160 pounds, a K. 0. in the first round; John McRae, 136 pounds, a K. O. in the second round; Bill McClure, 136 pounds, a K. 0. in seven seconds of the first round; A1 Johnson, 160 pounds, a K. 0. in the thud round; Rolla Boughan, 147 pounds, a T. K. O. in the first round; Hack Payne, 160 pounds, by a decision; A1 Elward, 147 pounds, a K. O. in the second round; and Bob Phillips, 118 pounds, by a decision. Nau Loses Close Match Mickey Nau and Johnny Fisher were the only losers for the Riveters in the matches. Mickey, who is leaving for Annapolis in a few week;s, ran into one of the best men in his weight class and lost by a close decision. The boy that beat him is now favored to win his class due to his victory over htau, whose ability is well recognized. Fisher also drew a tough first fight and was
the victim of a decision that pleased only half of the attending crowd. Winners in the finals of the Lafayette tourney will make the trip to Chicago to fight in the Tournament of Champions where fighters from 23 states convene. One member of this year’s team, John Threlfall, made the trip last year after winning his division in Lafayette. Fights are held every Wednesday night. The next two nights will be preliminary bouts and the last Wednesday night will find the semi-fin-als and finals being fought. The bouts are three rounds at two minutes a round and nearly 26 fights are fought in one night. Brains And Brawn Brains as well as brawn are a feature of Benna’s squad this year. Cocaptain John Threlfall pulled down a 5.64 index as a junior in the Mechanical Engineering school. Rolla Boughan did himself proud with a 5.47 index and there are several other distinguished students on the squad. The team’s co-captains, Jimmy Beers and John Threlfall, will see action this coming Wednesday night as well as Ed Miyamasu from Hawaii. Other boys who will fight Wednesday night are: Bill Ball, Stan Atz, John Pyles, Don Daley, Kail Schakel, and Don Reeser. According to Joe Benna, the Riveter team, •which is the largest and strongest in years, should place at least three winners in the local tourney. j.d.f.
Dro, g
3 18
9
2
INDIANA M
FG FGA
FT
PF
Swanson, g
0 0
0
0
McCreary, f
0
6
0
2
— —
—
—
Zimmer, f
8
16
0
3
Totals
16 79
4
Id
Logan,1
0
5
0
1
W. Menke, c
4
17
2
0
Fouls refused
Purdue Free
throws
R. Menke, o
1
3
0
1
missed: Blanken,
Blemker, W. Menke
(2),
Schaefer, g
4
18
2
1
Francis, Zimmer,
Schaefer, Dio /
Invest in New Beauty! SAVE 20%
Helena Rubinstein's Famous BEAUTY PREPARATIONS Once, eu Onitf.! Now you can afford the famous corrective treatments and flattering cosmetics created by this great beauty specialist. If you've never tried them, this is your chance. And for devoted Helena Rubinstein users, this is an opportunity to stock up on the generous large sizes. All the famous Helena Rubinstein preparations, are included—creams, lotions, cosmetics—even the famous beauty masques and exquisite fragrances! ■Take advantage of these remarkable savings! Come in tomorrow and let us help you select all the beauty essentials you need, and the luxurious "extras" you've been longing for!
Regular Price
Sale Price
Pasteurized Face Cream . .
.. $2.00
—
$1.00
$1 60 —
$ .80
. 1.00
.80 1 40 —
Town & Country Night Cream (Youthifying Tissue Cream)
. . 1 75
—
1.00
.80
Valaze Skin Lotion (Skin Toning Lotion)
.. 1 25
1 00
Moisture-proof Face Powders .
. .. 1.00
to
1 50
80 to
1.20
Lipsticks—creamy, lustrous
1.00
to
1 50
80 to
1.20
Waterproof Mascara—Newl ....
.... 1.00
80
Colognes including famous Apple Blossom
.3:
1 00
to
3.95
.80 to
3 16
Dusting Powders ..
.. 1.00
to
3.00
ao to
2.40
Last year’s Big Ten champs, Chicago, came down from the Windy City yesterday afternoon, and in a 27 bout match, took six of our own Silver Mask fencers in hand to the tune of a onesided 18 1/ to 8 1/2 score. Nine bouts each, in foil, saber and epee were fenced, but in none of the three divisions were the Riveters able to make more than just a fair showing. Wegener Takes Two of Three - —
The honors of the day on the Riveter side went to Ernie Wegener, who took three matches for his team. In foils he seemed to be starting the Boilermakers off with a somewhat unexpected bang when he won two matches out of three bouts. The streak of wins didn’t last, however, and his teammates were able to pick up but two more foil bouts to lose that set of nine by a score of 6-4. The Riveter fenceis were never quite able to catch up after their initial setback in the foils matches. In fact, it might be more properly stated that they dropped farther behind almost with each passing bout. In the saber division only Wegener and McConahay, two of the more experienced men on the team, were able to garner any winning points. The saber, possibly the most interesting weapon of the three used, takes a great deal of practice to use well and the Chicagoans quite definitely had, shall we say, the edge. Champs Take Epees In the epee matches, which the defending champs took 6-3, the Silver Mask boys put on a much better show than would seem to be indicated by the score. Many of the matches were decided by one precisely judged touch.
On the whole, and considering the fact that the uncoaehed Riveters were competing against one of the best fencing squads in the middlewest, the Silver Mask six man squad made a very creditable showing. Next Saturday the team will travel to Champaign, where they will take on the University of Illinois in a nine bout match. This meet will consist of three foil, two saber and two epee bouts, all held during the evening, and may serve to place the Boilermakers in a little better light in the fencing world. j.s.k. Engineering Publioiion Prinb Howland's Article Professor W. E. Howland, of the Civil Engineering School, is the author of an article in the current issue of “Engineering News Record” dealing with the discharge of water from uniformly tapped pipes. This is a subject of divergent opinion among hydraulic en^neers and Prof. Howland’s article has made a helpful contribution toward a better understanding of the problem, d.e.b.
BALLROOM DANCING CLASSES NOW BEING ORGANIZED FOR LADIES AND GENTLEMEN Study undur a nationally known Instructor P. M. ALLEN Graduate of Cbalif School N/ Y. City, President for five years of the National Association of Dancing Masters.
BEGINNER'S WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 5th, 7:00 P. M. ADVANCED THURSDAY, FEBRUARY $fh, 7.-00 P. M. INDIANA'S LARGEST DANCING SCHOOL AXiLEN^S ^ Ferry Sts. Phone 2150
the Purdue Exponent Service DirectorY
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A'. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD ]. RISK 4th & Main Stt. Phone 5710
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
• Hardware
Greeting Cards All Occasions SOUTHWORTH'S
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices If It's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
Complete Line of Greetino Cards University Book Sloro M. C. "Red" Sammom '24 R.W."Ooc"%ipto'40
• Photographers
Cameras and Supplies Picture Framing HINEA PHOTOGRAPHER 634 Main St. Phone 7775
• Dairy Products
• Shoe Repair
M. E. MOREHOUSE - DAIRY QHAUrV MHK riwn. 4Q214
BOSSUNG SHOE REBUILDING Phone 2240 221 State
• Locksmith Keys and Locks Auto keys a HMcialty. Stc^dea, «g» cessortes and repalcine. MULHAUrrs 109-11 N.»h». Kmaan. V- ^
IfSrS.
P^ .
Sunday^ Febmory 2. 1941
-m
.“ii-
•«Vi
ry
A Short Walk Will
SELL
For MORE
in
or
-.t.v
bV: I I
s
LESS
(Complete student service
308-10 STW STREit WE 5T LAEAYET TE INDi