the Purdue Exponent
VOLUME FORTY-NINE
Lafayette. Indiana. Sunday. October 10.1937
NUIIflBER24
Purdue, 7; Carnegie Tech, 0
Brock's Touchdown^ Boilermaker Goal Varied Entertainment Greets Grads; Line Stand Feature Gridiron Contest Win Decorations Contest
Washington Upon arrival in Washington Friday on completion of a 7,000 mile coast - to - coast tour, President Roosevelt went almost immediately into a cabinet session. At Chicago Tuesday, he had delivered the thirtieth and most important of his talks on tour. Delving in international affairs for 20 minutes, his speech was considered so far reaching in effect that the state department cabled copies to all of the United States representatives abroad. Back in Washirigton now, he and his cabinet deliberated this Roose-velt-activated international situation. With a possible nine-power conference in prospect, a meeting place and representative remain to be selected. Too, at his Grand Forks, N. D., federally sponsored grandstand dedication on Monday, a special session of congress had been hinted. This question of summoning congress to Washington some time between November 8 and 16 for consideration of crop surplus control, wage and hour legislation, and governmental reorganization also demands his and the cabinet’s attention. All may be well in hand by Tuesday when the President returns home to Hyde Park to participate in the 250th anniversary celebration of the founding of Poughkeepsie, seat of Dutchess County, N. Y.
Cold, drizzly rain and a darkened sky could not dampen the spirits of the 18,000 students and alumni who saw the Purdue Boilermakers down the Carnegie Tech Tartans, 7 to 0, yesterday afternoon at the Ross-Ade Stadium in one of the most colorful Homecoming celebrations that Purdue has ever seen. The Boilermaker gridders put on a real demonstration of football ability and gave the enthusiastic rooters something to yell about. The breaks of the game, which were so few for Purdue last week-end against Ohio State, fell to the Boilermakers yesterday. Cecil Isbell proved his candidacy for All-Amrican honors were legitimate against the^Skibos as the Boilermaker triple-threat halfback kicked, ran, passed, and blocked Purdue to victory.
Brock Scores Touchdown
The winning touchdown came unexpectedly in the middle of the third quarter when, after marching the ball down the field from midfield, Lou Brock started aiwund left end, twisted, and squirmed, reversing the field and evading all tacklers, and finally raced along the sidelines for the touchdown. Upon Cec Isbell’s injury at the start of the third period, Brock took over the kicking assignment and booted two beautiful punts which were downed on the three and eight yard lines respectively and left the Tartans helpless.
Condit Slips
One of Purdue’s breaks came after the Boilermaker touchdown when Condit, Skibo right half, took the^,b^l on a defensive reverse on his own 35 yard line and behind perfect blocking broke into the open only to slip on the slippery turf with a touchdown within grasp.
When Chief Justice Hughes called the Supreme Court of the United States to order for the 1937-38 term at 12:02 p. m. Monday, 500 spectators jammed the courtroom to see Justice Hugo Black in position at the bench, despite two legal efforts to bar him from the high tribunal. Albert Levitt, resigned justice department official, had sought to bring suit against the constitutionality of Black’s appointment while Patrick Henry ’Kelly, Boston attorney, made a similar attempt. Neither man mentioned the controversy over Black’s one time Klu Klux Klan membership. National No longer a novelty to Windy City motorists, Chicago’s five-day old outer drive bridge has cut a 44 per cent slice from Michigan Avenue North-South traffic. Orator-President Roosevelt did duty as bridge-opener Tuesday when at 10:30 a. m. he drove with Governor Horner and Mayor Kelly jnto the Randolph Street approach in a large open car. Crowds, four persons deep, lined the boulevard, watched the President pass twice, each time through a shower of paper confetti.
Purdue’s other outstanding break was self-made. The Tartans ran the ball down the field and by virtue of a long pass, which was interfererd with by Hennis, came into possession of the ball on the Purdue four yard line. But the Skibos missed a touchdown by inches' as the Purdue line dug in and stopped four thrusts which had the ball within the one foot line. i-~ The Boilermaker line rose ot great heights yesterday with Clem Woltman starring on defense. Spehn, Vergane, Britt, Botney, and Krause held down the end posts vacated by Zachary and Powell and made tbis position one of the strong points of the Purdue attack.
Otlier Scores
The Homecoming program yesterday featured the Carnegie TechPurdue game, the freshman game, the All Star-Alumni field hockey game, and judging of fraternity and sorority displays for the annual
awards.
In the decoration contest, the Phi Gamma Delta’s “Watch the Boilermakers Down the Scotch,” won the silver loving cup for the best fraternity display, and Chi Omega’s “You Can’t Hold Purdue Down,” won a silver service set for the sorority.
Play By Play Account Of Game
Seriously injuring one guard and kidnapping another, three Statevifie convicts Thursday broke loose from the honor farm adjoining the prison at Joliet, III. Cellhouse E’s 200 inmates started a hunger strike there Monday protesting Illinois parole bqara freedom stinginess. Tuesday over a thousand convicts turned down food, but Wednesday the number fell to the original 200.
Recoil from Roosevelt's Chicago speech attacking aggressor nations smashed stock market prices down to lowest levels since 1935 Tuesday and Wednesday. Fifteen point declines v^ere common among leading stocks. (Continued on page 2)
Carnegie Captain Miskevics wins the toss from Purdue Captain Schreyer. Woltman kicks off to Carnelly on the Tech 14 and the ball is downed on the 22. Schreyer stops Carnelly after he picks up two yards at right tackle. Carnelly picks up two more around right end. * \ Condit makes seven yards and a first down on Carnegie’s 32 after cutting inside left tackle. Vergane stops Condit after a two yard gain at left tackle. On a reverse, Carnelly is stopped with no gain by Humphrey.
Condit Punts
Carnelly smashed right tackle for three yards before Botney stops him. Condit punts to Cecil Isbell who takes the ball on the Boilermaker 20 yard stripe and returns to the 32. Carnegie takes time out.
Hudson is injured but stays in the game. Juska’s five yard gain is reversed when Purdue is penalized for offside. Isbell makes five yards ayound right end. Juska gains a yard at right guard. Isbell punts out
of bounds on the Tech 22.
Tech’s Ball
Tech’s ball on their 22 yard line,, Carnelly takes a pass from center for three yards. Tartans take second time out. Second and seven, j ' Tech’s ball on their 25 yard line. Coming out of their huddle the Tartans go into single wingback formation. Carnelly carries ball about one
foot.
Carnelly is smothered for a yard loss on third play. Fourth and eight, Carnelly kicks out on Purdue’s 28
yard.
Cecil Isbell drives over his right guard for 17 yards to the 45 yard mark. On a spinner, Juska picks up seven yards, fumbles, and Botney recovers. Second and three. Brock is stopped at the line of scrimmage. Shift to the left, Isbell spins over his right guard to Tech’s 40 yard
line.
Fancy Play First down and 10, shift to left, Brock hands the ball to Isbell who aerials it back to him, but the play is called back to line of scrimmage. Juska drives over his left guard for
three yards. Third and seven. Brock passes to Isbell, but Cecil is hit hard and drops the pass. Isbell kicks out on Tech’s 17 y^rd line from middle of field. ' ' From single wingback, Napotnik hands the ball to Condit who is stopped by Vergane for no gain Hennis of PUrdue stops Carnelly for a six-inch gain. Condit gains eight yards off left tackle. Fourth down and one yard to go. Kopesak kicks
out on Purdue’s 45. Purdue Penalized
Purdue first and 10 on their 46 yard line. Juska drives off right guard for less than one yard. Brock goes wide around left end for four yards, but play is called back. Purdue is penalized five yards. Second and 14, Brock spins off right tackle, fakes pass to Isbell, then passes to Juskg who is driven off field on 50 yard line. Brock plunges to Tech’s 46 yard line. From Hick formation, Cecil Isbell boots to Condit on his 10 yard fine. Condit runs back to Tech’s 17 yard mark. First quarter ends. Purdue 0, Car-
negie Tech 0. Second Quarter
Carnelly goes off left tackle for one yard. Matelan drives 10 yards
for first down.
Tech gets three yards to 33 yard
Northwestern, 7; Michigan, 0. Notre Dame, 0; Illinois, 0. Wisconsin, 27; Chicago, 0.
Minnesota, 6; Indiana, 0. Iowa, 14; Bradley, 7.
Fordham, 48; Wa3niesburg, 0.
DePauw, 41; Franklin, 6.
Pittsburgh, 6; Dequesne, 0.
Cornell, 20; Princeton, 7. Auburn, 0; Villanova, 0. Tennessee, 0; Duke, 0.
Manhattan, 3; Michigan State, 0,
Army, 21; Columbia, 18.
Penn State, 20; Bucknell, 14. Syracuse, 40; St. Lawrence, 0. Georgia Tech, 32; Kentucky, 0. Nebraska, ^0; Iowa State, 7. Harvard, 34; Brown, 7. ■- Holy Cross, 27; Georgetown, 6. Southern California, 13; Ohio
State, 12.
Yale Doctor Will Speak At Wabash AChS Meeting The Purdue section of the American Chemical Society will hold a special meeting at Wabash College in Crawfordsville, next Tuesday. Dr. D. I. Hitchcock, of Yale, will address the meeting on “The Determination of Hydrogen Ions.” Dr. Hitchcock has studied and taught at Yale, Dartmouth, Columbia, and Bryn Mawr, besides having spent five years lyith the Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research. Students and staff members interested in hearing Dr. Hitchcock will be provided transportation. Those who wish to attend the lecture and dinner should contact C. L. Shrewsbury in the Agriculture Experiment Station Building.
The fraternities and sororities entertained their alumni at luncheon, after which they attended the varsity game. Following the game, the different classes held their reunions on the gridiron. Last night, after informal dinners and entertainmentes, a Homecoming dance in the Union ballroom, topped by Purdue’s victory on the football field, completed the day’s program. Distribyte Campus Financial Bulletin Copies of the 1936-37 report of student organizations, compiled by W. A. Bodden, have been published and are now being distributed among the heads of the 77 student organizations reported on in the bul-
letin.
The report indicates the volume of business transacted by all student organizations for the past year, and shows that 67 out of the 77 organizations reported on were active, while only 10 were inactive.
Statistics Of Game
mark, then is stopped at line. Matelan carries ball off right guard, but is thrown for two yard loss by Grant. Penalty Purdue is penalized five yards. Fourth and four for Carnegie, Napotnik kicks high to Purdue 30, Ishell picks up ball, runs back to Purdue 20, starts forward and is stopped •'at 21 yard line. Ippolito gain§ three yards on line run. Isbell goes wide around end to 40 yard line for 16 yards and a first down. ~ Ippolito goes off right guard for two yards. Second and eight, Isbell (Continued on page 3)
First downs: Purdue, 8; Carnegie
Tech, 9.
Yards gained by rushing: Purdue, 153; Carnegie Tech, 165. Attempted forward passes: Purdue, 4; Carnegie Tech, 12. Forward passes completed: Purdue, 2; Carnegie Tech, 3. Yards gained on passes: Purdue, 17; Carnegie Tech, 36. Yards lost on attempted passes: Purdue, 0; Carnegie Tech, 22. Passes intercepted: Purdue, 2; Carnegie Tech, 1. Yards gained by return of passes: Purdue, 25; Carnegie Tech, 0. Average punt yardage: Purdue 39.1; Carnegie Tech, 38. Returned punt yardage: Purdue; 68; Carnegie Tech, 69. Fumbles recovered: Purdue, 0; Carnegie Tech, 1. Yardage lost: Purdue, 22; Carnegie Tech, 8. Net yardage gained: Purdue, 148; Carnegie Tech, 171. Penalties: Purdue, 15; Carnegie
Tech, 15»,
Theta Chi Pledges Theta Chi social fraternity announces the‘Additional pledging of the following men: H. M. Del Valle, New Rochelle, N. Y.; J. R. Hildebrandt, C. J. Gribben, and T. Ethrington, Indianapolis; J. L. Taylor, Chicago, 111.; R. F. Bone, Geneva; E. Stoner, Tipton; R. G. Haffner, Muncie; L. Blackburn, Lafayette; E. H. Davis, Del Mar, Cal.
First Convo Slated For Tuesday Night The first convocation of the present year will be presented Tuesday evening at 8 o’clock in the Jefferson High School Gymnasium, when Elizabeth Rethberg and Ezio Pinza, famous stars of the Metropolitan Opera Company, appear in a joint
concert.
Admission tickets priced at one dollar may be obtained at Deac’s, Southworth’s, and the Union Building. The main floor is reserved for University students and staff members, but they may get in the balcony if they 6o prefer. The doors open at 7 p. m. Purdue Religious Council To Give Foik-Game Parly On Friday evening, October 15, the Purdue Religious Council will inaugurate a new type of entertainment on the campus, in the form of a ^olk-Game Party, to be held in the Union Building. The “Scarecrow Ball” will include such dances as the “Virginia Reel,” the “Jolly Miller,” the “Jennie Cracked Corn,” the “Paw - Paw Patch,” the “Ach Ja,” and the “Weave the Wadmal.” Rev. Charles Lizenby, of Indianapolis, will have charge of' the dances. Specialty dances, music by a local orchestra, and refreshments will make up the balance of the program: The affair is double-bid, and open to everyone. Tickets are fifty cents per couple, and may be obtained from any member of the Religious Council, or from the student pastors. Thaeles Social Sorority Thaeles sorority announces the pledging of the following co-eds: Dorothy Bornstein, Gary; Betty Jean Fisher, Big Springs, Texas; Sylvia Kahn, Chilton, Wis.; Leona Murmelstein, Pittsburgh, Penn.; Betty Shipow, Gary; and Marjorie Weiper, Milwaukee, Wis. At the pledge dinner given last Wednesday evening, the table decorations were carried out in maize
and blue.
West Side Baptist: Dean Fisher will teach tfie Sunday school lesson at 9:30 a. m. The program for the social hour at 6:30 will consist of musical varieties. Lunch will be served at 6:00 for 10c. At 7:30 p.m. Franklin Barrett will lead a discussion on “Am I My Brother’s Keeper?” West Side Methodist: Rev, McFadden will teach the Sunday school
class at 9:30 a. m., while Mrs. McFadden leads the co-ed class at the same time. The social hour will start at 6:00 p. m. and Epworth League will begin at 6:30. Central Presbyterian: Dr. Graves will lead the Sunday school class at 9:30 a. m. The Sunday Evening Club will meet at 6:30 p, m. Firs^ Christian: Sunday school will meet at 9:30 a. m.
UNIVERSITY DIRECTORY Galley proofs of the staff list have been distributed to all the University offices. Galley proofs of the li^t of student names are available for inspection in the Registrar’s office, at the Reference Desk in the Library, and at the desk in the Purdue Union. The whole list containing the names from A through Z is now ready. Every student and staff member is advised and requested to check his name, address, and telephone number on one of these lists and, in case of error» report correction IN WRITING to the Registrar’s Office at oneqk R. B. STONE, Registrar.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon Sigma Alpha Epsilon firater^ity announces the pledging of fapes Horton, Denver, Colo., apd Walker C\n*ry, Tuscaloosa, Ala.9h
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
the Purdue Exponent
Founded in 1889
MEMBER ^sociatcd gfoUcgiatg ^rc55S Biocert MMXSOM i[ wscoksw
nePRESENTSD FOrt lx s ■-- mi- ^uwH (^INO BY National Advertisii^gServke, Inc. College Pubhsheis Representative 420 Madison Ave New York, N. Y CHICAGO - BOSTOH - L03 AMOELES - SAN FBANCI8C0
Ethtx>iial Phone 6037 Campus Subscriptions $3 per year
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street Lafayette, Indiana
Business Phone 6038 Mail Subscriptions $3 60 per year
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF R. P- Manion BUSINESS MANAGER D. C. Miller
NITE EDITOR
Vance October 11, 1937 ISSUE EDITOR
Frederick
Letters to the Editor
NEWS of the WEEK
(Continued from page 1) Fedeial agents Thursday allegedly leceived first ransom demands fiom kidnappers of Charles Ross, Chicago valentine manufacturer. No announcement of the nature of ransom notes was made. Tossed ashore on the northwest tip of Hawaii Island, and bearing the trade mark “J. Lansing Callan Air Raft,” an empty, deflated rubbei life raft set the world wondering again Friday about the fate of lost Aviatiix Amelia Earhait. The trade mark it bore was the name of a New Yoik concern which had constructed a special rubber raft for the Earhart plane, and Navy officials said it might be the same rubber boat. War Detei mined to spare none of the resources at their disposal, Chinese high commanders announced Friday they were preparing the greatest offensive against Japanese in the Shanghai area that has ever been undertaken by a Chinese army. Coincident with this announcement came word the Japanese were throAvn on the deefnsive at Paoting, 80 miles south of Peiping on the Peiping-Hangkow railroad.
north coast, dug m to protect the city against attack by two of Rebel General Franco’s crack columns.
Chinese machine gunners stopped a concerted Japanese drive to conquer the Chapei section of Shanghai Tuesday as they cut down wave after wave of advancing Nipponese infantrymen. United States marines across Soochow creek were forced to evacuate their sand-bag barricades when a Japanese plane rained bombs on a Chinese flour mill across the 40yard wide creek. They reoccupied the position two hours later. In Spain on Tuesday, Mussolini’s 20-year old son, Bruno, led a squadron of 23 Savoia-Marchetti bombers —the best of the Italian air force— on an attack against Valencia, temporary seat of the Nationalist government. On the same day Asturian defenders of Gijon, last important government-held post on Spain’s
The hope of gaining international good-will likely caused General Fi anco to grant Harold Dahl, American aviator who flew in the service of the Spanish Nationalist government, reprieve Thursday from the death sentence meted him by a rebel court-martial. Labor , AF of L President William Green forgot his arch enemy, the CIO, Thursday long enough to denounce Japan and declare a boycott would be imperative if other peace measures failed. Sentiment favoring the boycott rose rapidly in labor ranks when the United States indicted Japan with aggression and violation of the Nine-Power Treaty. Also on Thursday, CIO received a setback in Canadian politics as Premier Hepburn and his Liberal government were assured of at least a 63-23 control over the Ontario legislature. Chief topics of discussion at AF of L’s fifty-seventh annual convention which opened Mohday in Denver were the expulsion of John L. Lewis’ CIO unions and Federal regulation of wages and hours. The campaign to expel the CIO organizations will get its first test when a vote is demanded on the convention’s refusal to accept credentials of Charles P. Howard, president of the International Typographical Union and CIO secretary. The credentials committee of the AF of L ruled Howard should not be allowed on the convention floor since he also holds a CIO office. Foreign Folio-wing on the heels of Japanese General Matsui’s proclamation of Nipponese invasion of China came yesterday’s announcement that “the sole aim of Japan’s armed expedition in China is to eradicate at any cost China’s anti-Japanese policy.”
Between you and danger . . . injury . . . sometimes death . . . are the brake linings on your car. Don’t take chances. Have a specialist do the job that only a specialist can do safely — surely. Have your brakes checked here and know you are safe in any emergency. Brakes Tested, Adjusted and Relined at Money-Saving Prices We can do any repair job. Bring them in. Peter Anderson Co. 24 Hour Service Phone 4048 525 Alabama St.
Rioting broke out in southeast London early Monday when 100,000 anti-Facists battled police lines to prevent Sir Oswald Mosley’s 7,000 Black Shirts from parading. One hundred six arrests followed the Facist anti-Facist demonstration. Foimer Brazil Army Captain Triffino Correa was arrested early this week for plotting a Leftist uprising, as Brazil’s state of war against Communism went into effect. It IS alleged that Correa was among the 35 leaders of the November, 1935, Leftist uprising. British destroyer Basilisk narrowly escaped destruction Tuesday as piracy once again flared up in Spanish waters. The Basilisk dropped depth charges as it sped toward the unidentified sub, but failed to determine the fate of the attackers. Three destroyers and two planes joined in the search for the submarine. President Roosevelt’s Tuesday speech on American foreign policy caused considerable comment in English and French newspapers, but Italian editions failed even to mention the address, while Berlin papers threw it out of their evening issues. The Times of London summed its opinion of the address as defining an attitude, not a program. Friday evening British Prime Minister Chamberlain promised President Roosevelt Great Britain’s whole-hearted co-operation to end “the sickening and horrifying spectacle” of two major wars. He also cautioned Italy to withdraw her troops from the Spanish frontier, reminding Mussolini that Britain is rearming “on the vastest scale we ever attempted” in peace time. Education Society Seleds Officers For Fiscal Year Officers elected for the coming year are: D. G. Moore, president; C. H. Gardner, vice-president; R W. Green, secretary-treasurer. A discussion of pl£),ns for the coming year was held.
ARC
Today and Monday Jeanette MacDonald Nelson Eddy in “MAYTIME” —Plus Crime Series ‘THE PERFECT SETUP” —and— OUR GANG comedy
Any letter to the editor must not exceed 160 WORDS in length, and must be accompanied by the writer’s signature. Unless oitherwise requested, the author’s name will be published with his letter. If, for reasons obvious to our readers, we see fit to withhold any name, that name will be kept in strict confidence. 'The Exponent assumes no responsibility for opinions voiced herein. Is The lU Game Worth $3 Dear Editor: It seems an incredible shame that the athletic divisions for both Purdue and Indiana are asking three (3) dollars for the annual clash between the two teams. What are the athletic departments trying to do, rob the students ? Why isn’t the admission as it was in 1934 ? Just because times are getting better is indeed no sign that prices of football games should go up—especially to students. Did the athletic department take into consideration that it costs money for transportation, food, and lodging; recication should also be included? About two-thirds of the student body are resenting this rise m price I have been inquiring of a goodlj number of students and they all say, “What can we do about it?” Thej know that they can get that price so we unfortunate students have t suffer the loss. The question is what is so impoi tant about the game, outside of the Purdue spirit and thiih ot paiiu - pating in the clash that should matvthe price go up? Car. this quest.c*' be answered? I have attended thiee Purdue-In-diana games in succession, and I certainly won’t enjoy this one nearly so much. Where is that approximate sum of $75,000 to $90,000 going, which the gate leceipts will show at $3 per ticket ? That is certainly a large sum for one football game. Will there be a backing anticipated ? G. E. Hildebrand, ’38
'‘Lwherever there are men who go to work .. and pretty women to work with them.
BRUCE ufi^^qo^-^nuRSE
lAHt
EXTRA JOY! POPEYE in ‘Lost and Foundry” PICTORIAL
A gay
and witty romance ...in the moodof today' ..with a twinkle in its eye I] Truly one of the year's outstanding motion pictureil
LUNA STARTS TODAY
Sunday. October 10, 1937
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichiy
‘Could you call me a Chicago train ? I’m in a hurry.
Because the Hitler government allows any German traveler to take only $4 spending money with him, Christian Otto Winzen came fiom
Geimany to the Umveisity of Detroit with just that much cash,, although his passage and railroad fare had been paid.
TODAY—The MARS THEATRE proudly presents the PICTURE SUPREME.' BEYOND ALL COMPARE ... in its loveliest romance ... its weird adventures ... haunting, breath-taking beauty!
Now of Popufor Prices i From the Mon Who Gove You Mighty Mr. Deeds"!
IdA^
—EXTRf— OUR GANG COMEDY
IDE FENNER €ENE RAYMOND PARKYAKARKDS VICTOR MOORE
HARRIET HILLIARD /7 HELEN BRODERICK %LmOi: THE PARTY with BILLY GILBERT * ANN MILLER Six swell songs . . . All tho romance [and glamour and excitement iWyoiif leaping heart can stand NOW SHOWING
Main
Also MARCH OF TIME
rsyassg—aaw—18
i
Sunddy, October 10, 1937
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Play By Play Account (Continued from page 1)
runs off left tackle for two yards. Third and six on Purdue’s 46, Ippolito picks up three yards. Isbell kicks to Matelan on Carnegie 10, who runs back to the 19, where Britt brings him down. Carnegie first and ten, ten minutes to go in first half. Single wingback to right, Condit is downed hard by Krause after a two yard gain. Second and eight for Carnegie on their 21, Condit goes off right tackle for three yards. On next play Carnegie is penalized 16 ^rards for hold-
ing. Condit kicks end over end to Purdue 47 yard line, where Isbell downs it. Isbell Gains Shift to left, Isbell is brought down by Miskevics after three yard gain. Isbell gets ball on reverse, goes over right guard, but loses one yard. Isbell gives ball to Brock who is thrown out of bounds by Miskevics on Carnegie’s 47 yard marker. Isbell punts out on Carnegie 14 yard line. Condit goes off left tackle to Carnegie 26 for first down. Single wingback to left, Condit cuts back over left tackle' and gains 4 yards to Carnegie 29. Second and six, Condit goes off left tackle, is hit hard around the neck by Ippolito after three yard pick-up.
Third and three for Carnegie, Matelan carries ball off left tackle, outstrips all Pufdue men but Isbell, who brings him down on Purdue 46. First and 10, Matelin is downed by Brock and Petry after a gain of three yards. Mat^an cuts off right guard through center of Purdue line for four yards. Third and three, Matelan carries ball over left tackle for first down on Purdue 56 yard line. Two Minutes Two minutes l^ft in first half, first and ten for Carnegie, Purdue takes time out. Hennis goes in at quarterback for Cody Isbell. Matelan passes but Brock knocks the ball down. One minute left, Matelan again passes, but Brock intercepts and starts back up field, is stopped by
f =
I This MILK Is SAFE! | 1 Doctors, nurses, scientists have' proved that this is safer milk. Safer E = because pasteurization has made it so. Safer because it is made to | § stay fresh longer. Safer because it is cleaned and kept clean. It’s a 1 1 tastier, more healthful milk. Drink lots of it. s I SUNSHINE FARMS \ I 4th and UNION Sis. PHONE 5015 | EiniiiniiiiiiiiiiilirmnimniliHrmirniiJiiiiiHiiiminiiriiiriinMHiiinurniiiiiiiiiniiiiiniiJiiiiiiiiiniiiiiriiiiiiHiiiiiimiiiiiHiiiiiniwiiiiuiiiiiwiiiHJiHiiiiiiiiHiiniimnnnili
two Carnegie boys on Boilerm&ker 27. Flanker to left. Brock drives up field, fumbles, and Miskevics recovers, but ball is ^uled down and is given to Purdue. Shift to left, Brock hands the ball to Isbell who goes to Purdue 37 for first down. Brock gives the ball to Isbell, Isbell laterals to Ippolito, who fails to catch, but downs ball as the gun sounds. First half ends. Purdue 0, Carnegie 0. Second Half Kopcsak kicks off to Juska on the Purdue 26. Juska drives down to the 37 yard mark, where he is hit hard by Campbell. First and ten for Purdue. Brock spins off center for one yard, and again for another yard. Third and eight, Isbell goes over center for five yards, laterals badly to Juska for two yard loss. Isbell is down, and Trainer Lon Mann and Coach Mai Elward come out on field. Isbell stays in the game. Purdue’s ball on their own 46 yard line, fourth and five. Brock kicks from the 30 to Carnegie’s 20, but the ball bounds past Matelan to Carnegie four yard line, where Bykowski downs it. ^ Carnegie kicks to their own 36; Isbell downs the ball. Brock runs back, starts to pass, then runs for one yard loss. Isbell passes over center to Verga^ne on Carnegie 26. Vergane is hit hard on Carnegie’s 24. Interception Isbell fades back, passes to Vergane, but Napotnik comes out of nowhere and intercepts. First and 10 for Carnegie on their own 10 yard line. Vergane crashes through to bring Matelan down for three yard loss. Condit kicks from the shadows of his own goal posts to Isbell on Purdue 45, and Cecil runs back to Purdue 49. Juska runs back, laterals, but Purdue loses yardage on the play. Good Kick Brock kicks from Purdue 30 to Carnegie 9 yard line where Vergane downs the ball. Carpegie first and 10, Matelan cuts back over his own right tackle, wiggles up for two yards to Carnegie 11. On the next play, he is thrown for a loss by Humphrey. Condit kicks from his own goal line to Isbell on his own 45. After dancing around Isbell is downed on the Carnegie 49. Juska drives nine yards over right tackle to Carnegie 40. Carnegie takes time out. Seven minutes to go in third quarter, score still tied, 0-0. Cody Isbell comes back into the
Trail blazers in fields of fashion favor this handsome Freeman model. IFs a sturdy winter-weight oxford for rugged service. ^‘Genuine Norwegian Calfskin,
A. B. C. Shoe Co.
412 MAIN ST.
LAFAYETTE
PURDUE
SPECIALS
Dished right over the counter in the most delicious, appetizing, tasting refreshments you ever dreamed of. CURB SERVICE FAIRMAN BROS. ICE CREAM WEST LAFAYETTE
A Kienly Permanent, a facial and a manicure can work a magic transformation in your appearance and your mental outlook on life. Enjoy the poise and self-assur-ance that comes from certain knowledge of pleasing personal appearance. Consult our beauty exijerts today without obligation. Phone 7727 for Appointment ' Special Co-ed Days Thursdays and Fridays Kienly Beauty Studio
622 Main
Phone 7727
game to replace Ted Hennis at quarterback. Juska takes the ball, drives over for three yards to Tech’s 37 for a first down. Isbell spins, gives the ball to Brock, who juggles, kicks and drops the ball. Bykowski recovers on this freak play. On the next play, Purdue makes another first down on Carnegie’s 26. Isbell hands the ball to Brock, who scores a touchdown after a beautiful run. Isbell does a fine bit of blocking on the play, taking one man out, getting to his feet, and then blocking two more potential tacklers. Score: Purdue 6, Carnegie 0. Cody Isbell holds the ball and Cecil Isbell’s placement conversion is good for the extra point. Score: Purdue 7, Carnegie 0. “Spots” Emrick strikes up the band. Clem Woltman kicks off to Napotnik on the Carnegie 15 and he is spilled on the 31. On the next play, Condit almost gets away for a touchdowjj. He takes the ball from Matelan and breaks free. Miskevics blocks out Isbell and Sutherland stops Brown, the only man between Condit falls on Purdue’s 25; whethConditf galls on Purdue’s 26; whether he slips or is tripped by Brown is difficult to ascertain. First down for Tech. Matelan cuts over right tackle but it stopped by Britt for no gain. Condit gains three yards before he is tackled by Schreyer. Matelin is smothered for a 10 yard loss by Andy Grant. On the last down, Condit gets off a very poor kick from Purdue’s 40 to the 33. Isbell gains two yards around end, and is then replaced by Vyverberg. Second and eight for Purdue on their own 35. Brown fumbles and Sutherland recovers for Carnegie on the Boilermaker 23. One minute left in third quarter. Matelan picks up four yards and is downed by Ippolito. Condit goes wide around end, is hit twice, and is stopped for a four yard loss by Spehn. Gun ends third quarter. Purdue 7, Carnegie 0. Fourth Quarter Carnegie sends in practically an entire new team. Carnelly fades back, passes to Zawacki for a four
yard gain on Purdue 19, Fourth and six for Carnegie, Ingall reverses the ball to Carnelly who passes into the end zone. Brock knocks the pass down. Purdue's ball on their own 20, first and 10. Isbell goes around own right end for no gain. The ball goes to Juska, who hits center of line and IS stopped for no gain. Brock Kicks Brock, back in punt formation, kicks end over end out on Purdue’s 46. First and 10 for Carnegie Tech. Carnegie’s ball. Ingall passes to Carnelly Who goes up to Purdue 37. Carnelly picks up four yards to Purdue 34 for a first down. Ingalls fumbles, recovers, and is downed for a four yard loss. Second and 14 for Carnegie. Carnelly is knocked out of bounds on the 35 by Bntt after a three yard gain. Another Fumble Back in their huddle, Carnegie comes out in single wingback to right. Ingalls fumbles, recovers, reverses to Carnelly, who passes to Zawacki. Isbell drives Zawacki back up field and a mix-up is averted by the referee. First down for Tech on Purdue 21. Single wingback to right, Carnelly is stopped at line of scrimmage by Woltman, loses a yardt Zawacki tosses a high and looping pass to Howarth. Hennis interferes and the pass is ruled complete on Purdue’s four. Ingalls plows through right tackle for two yards. Second and two yards for touchdown for Carnegie. Carnelly goes over right tackle, stumbles, and fall forward to Purdue one and one-half yard line. Kopcsak goes in at quarter for Carnegie. Single wingback to left, Zawacki is stopped six inches from the Purdue goal line. Carnegie’s ball, fourth and six inches. Zawacki is stopped cold on fourth down. Ten minutes to go in fourth quarter. Isbell kicks from behind his goal line to Purdue 43 where the ball is downed by Spehn. Condit goes around left end, but is stopped at line of scrimmage for no gain. Single wingback to right, Condit fades back to pass to his (Continued on page 4)
WELCOME
BACK
TO OLD PURDUE
Deac has 100 diHerent kinds of Purdue souvenirs for your selection. If you want to take back a remembrance of your old school, drop in and we will be glad to show you the new souvenirs.
H. G. REISNER BOOK STORETYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
FOR RENT—To University staff member or acceptable party. Seven rooms furnished, from October 16. Only $36. 406 East Stadium. Phone 45094. Large grounds. Fine views.
ROOM AND BOARD—Place for one student. 219 S. Grant. • ROOM FOR RENT—To men students, modern, close to campus, reasonable. 339 West Oak.
FOR RENT—Room for one, board for three. 317 Chauncey. Phone 4311.
For Rent—Double Room, single beds. Cooking privileges if desired. 112 Pierce St., Phone 3487.
Subscribe for The Purdue Exponent NOWl
> the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
Bookstores
SOUTHWORTffS Everything for the Purdue Student
“DEAC” Everything for a College Education ^ H. G. REISNER PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK ■ 4th & Main Phone 5701
Furniture
Student Equipment 425 Columbia St. Phone 2728
Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN
■— Florist
^jth J-hkiM Inc. 635 Main St. in Luna Theatre Building: Phone 7955—8050 — Beauty Studio —
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE Co-ed Specials, Thurs. - Fri. KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727
Ia.
r
Take a tip from us - - Gullion^s coats serve a touchdown anywhere. Inspect our men’s clothing and accessores, then you’ll know why we can say this.
I N Co
Playshop: All who signed up for props please report to Union sub-basement at 4 p. m. October 11. „ —YOUNG. WAA: Trip to WAA cabin at 2 p. m. October 16. Sign up in Women’s Gym before October 12. —SWICK.
Freshman Co-eds: Give petitions for WS GA freshman representative to me by 6 p. m. October 11. _ >-STEWART.
Reamers: Important meeting at 8 p. m. October 11, in room C of the Union. —ROSS.
Co-eds: Co-eds wanting to work on WSGA report to the oflfice at 4 p. m. October 11. —STEWART.
WAA Fencing: Co-eds interested in fencing meet at Women’s Gym, 4 p. m. October 11. —DANIELS.
Newman Club: Meeting of contact committee in room A of the Union at 4 p. m. October 11. —McCONAHAY.
Rooming House Organizations: Each rooming house of eight or more men please send a representative to the PI A office in the Union at 4 p. m. October 11. —SCHLUNDT.
Better Housing: Students interested in better housing conditions on the campus please meet in the PIA office in Union at 4 p. m. October 11. —SCHLUNDT.
Try Your Dinner at the NU CHINA 409 Columbia Near Western Union We serve best American and Chinese food at popular prices. For Orders to Take Out Call 4966
A. S. M. E.: All interested in joining the A. S. M. E., sign up^n G. A. Young’s office by October 11. —CLUTTER.
W. A. A. Riflery: Practice October 11. Ward 4 at 6:16 p. m.; Ward I'at 7 :00 p. m.; and W. R. H. North at 7:45 p. m. —CHRISTENSON.
Junior Military Students: Draw junior uniforms in cadet officers’ room October 11 and 12. , —WHISTLER. \
Chi .Epsilon: All actives, and pledges will meet October 12 at 6:15 a. m. near the bridge back of the Civil Engineering Building. —WALING.
Cadet Officers’ Luncheon Committee: There will be a short meeting in the cadet officers’ room in the Armory at 4 p. m. October 11. 0 —BARRY.
Sophomores: Men wishing to apply for sophomore debate manager meet in room 301 of University Hall on, October 11 at 4 p. m. —HORN.
Play By Play Account (Continued from page 3)
own 46, is smothered before he can get it off by four or five Purdue men. No Receiver Matelan passes to no one in particular for an incomplete. Fourth and 21 for Carnegie Tech. Condit kicks a high spiral punt to Isbell on Purdue 16, Isbell dances around evading tacklers, and then runs up to the Purdue 23. ^ Purdue first and ten, Isbell fakes, and is stopped for a one yard loss by three Carnegie men. T-formation, Juska gives the ball to Nesbitt, who goes off left tackle for three yards to Purdue’s 28. Juska spins to Brock, who runs to Purdue’s 36 for first down.
Juska reverses to Brock, who is stopped cold at line of scrimmage. Second and 10 for Purdue on their own 36. Nesbitt is thrown for loss of a yard. The shift is to the right, Juska hands the ball to Nesbitt, who loses five-yards on a wide end run. Time Out Carnegie Tech calls for time out. Fourth and 16 for Purdue on their 30, Brock kicks to Moroz on Carnegie 36, and Moroz is knocked out on Carnegie 44. Moroz passes long down the field to Condit, but the pass is incomplete, Humphrey almost intercepts. Second and 10 for Carnegie, with less than one minute to play. Purdue is in 6-3-2-1 defense. Nesbitt intercepts a Carnegie pass on the Purdue 25 and runs to the 37 mark as the final gun sounds to end the game. Final score: Purdue 7, Carnegie Tech 0.
MODERN PROGRESS Requires better Personal Appearance . . . Have your Clotlies Crown Cleaned Regularly. All Wool Garments are moth-proofed by MOHITE moth-proof service... no extra charge for this service.
FINE CLEANERS O F F I N E C L D T H E S WEST LAFAYETTE OFFiCE—TOP OF THE HILL
EZIO PINZA Basso
ELISABETH RETHBERG Soprano
JOINT CONCERT Tuesday Evening, Oct. 12, 8:00 o’clock Jefferson Gymnasium
Single Admission to General Public $1.00 Students Admitted by Identification Card
Seats on Sale at Decker’s, Deac’s, Southworth’s and Union Desk