y
Purdue
Z-1tI
Exponent
Volume 5L No. 159
Sunday, April 21, 1940
A Week of War
By J. H. McKee
Senior Invitations Must Be Ordered By Friday Night
• Im This Week^s ''New Yorker" Columnist ... Howard Brubaker, writes of the German invasion of Scandinavia, “There seems to be good reason for believing that Hitler’s venture in Norway will finally fail. Meanwhile we can only admire the speed and efficiency with which he got himself out on a limb.” Whether the conquest of Norway will fail or not seems to hinge upon the outcome of events in the near future near the middle-Norwegian city of Trondheim. In a speech addressed to the seamen of the destroyers Hardy and Eclipse, destroyed in the naval engagement at Narvik last week. First Lord of the Admiralty, Winston Churchill, admitted that the German army was landing troops, supposedly numbering 2,000 a day, in Norway, with concentration of
troops at Trondheim, near where British forces seem also to be in considerable numbers. It is estimated by some that the number of German troops in Norway is nearing 85,000. Some observers believe that the Germans may “dig in” along a front running east and west through Norway’s waistline from Trondheim to Storlein, along the east-west railload into Sweden.
• First Hand Accounts ... of the naval action in Narvik harbor last week were given by survivors of the destroyed British destroyers Hardy and Eclipse following Churchill’s speech. The admiralty head complimented the sailors for their work in the -Ivords, “Your countiymen are well content with the manner in which you have discharged your duty.” Following his short complimentary address sailors told of the engagement of four British and six German destroyers. They told how the Hardy, after being hit by a torpedo, was beached •and abandoned, the survivors swimming to shore thiough the icy waters of the fjord. The men remained in territory held by Germans until they were rescued by a British ship
• Tlie 2nd Of Germany's . . three pocket battleships were 1 eported “successfully attacked” last week and possibly sunk by torpedoes fiom the tubes of the British submarine, Spearfish. If the Admiral von Scheer has been sunk, perhaps all three of these ships, the first units of Germany’s post-war fleet, have been destroyed by British action. The British admiralty announced that two warships and eight cargo ships were lost during the past week’s naval engagements.
Jacklin To Give Piano Recital In Music Room
Mortar Board
Faculty-Student Group To Present Vaudeville May 6
Orders for commencement invitations, now on sale at Deac’s, Southworth’s, and the west desk of the Union, must be placed before 9 p.m., Friday, April 26, according to a statement from the Gala Week committee. Cash payment must accompany the orders. This is to facilitate delivery of the invitations and announcements on time, as stated in the contract with the publisher. Distribution of the finished copies will begin sometime after May 10 at the Union desk and the bookstores. Black leather-covered invitations are priced at 25 cents each; white cardboard-covered copies sell at 15 cents each; Dutch-fold announcements are five cents apiece. All invitations and announcements are accompanied with two envelopes.
Independent Names Selkowitz Editor, Matthews Business Manager For '40-41
University Club, under the direction of Fred Goldsmith, vice-presi-dent, IS sponsoring an all-campus review to be held on Monday, May 6. The review will consist of a 30 minute minstrel show by the faculty members, 15 minute skits by Caiy Hall, Women’s Residence Hall, one fraternity and one sorority, with acts by smaller groups between the skits. All of the entertainment will be in form of vaudeville.
ON THEY BLOW
After 70 consecutive hours Cary Hall’s bull session was still going strong at midnight last night. The big wind that started blowing Wednesday morning about 3 o’clock is arousing plenty of interest on the campus. The boys have started being systematic about the thing. Now that they have it going they’re out to break the record.
. . . Ed Matthews, who will head the business staff next year.
PIA Will Elect New Officers In Union Tuesday, April 23
The entrance of fraternities and sororities is voluntary and four soroiities, Kappa Kappa Gamma, Alpha Chi Omega, Chi Omega, and Kappa Alpha Theta have entered while SIX fi aternities. Delta Upsilon. Lambda Chi Alpha, Pi Kappa Phi, Sigma Phi Epsilon, Tau Epsilon Phi, and Theta Tau aie taking pait in the eliminations. Several other sororities and fraternities expressed a desire to take part, but their bids came in too late.
Men's Glee Club Will Honor Hoosier Composer In Song
• Balkan Rumblings . . . Italian anti-British newspaper talk, and the maneuvers of Italian, British, Turkish, and Russian naval forces in the Mediterranean and neighboring waters made more vague news of the week. As Nazi international morals are being attacked, we might close this column with Biubaker’s remark: “The conquest of Denmark may look like moral turpitude, but it must be admitted that the Reich never violates a non-aggression pact until the ink is practically dry.”
Eliminations will be held in Fowler Hall at 8 p.m., Monday, April 29. The sorority and fraternity chosen to present their skit in the review will be selected by a committee of faculty members and students. These eliminations are not open to the general public. Tentative arrangements have been made with the electrical engineering school to get an applause meter to decide the winning skit on the night of the review. An award will be given to the sorority and fraternity in the show, and a grand award will be given for the act which is the best received by the audience.
Honor rng Paul Dresser, the composer of “On the Banks of the Wabash,” the University Men’s Glee Club, under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, will present a program of Indiana songs in a coast-to-co^st broadcast over the Mutual Broadcasting System Monday, April 22. Governor M. Clifford Townsend has proclaimed Monday as “Paul Dresser Day” in the Hoosier State and will make a short address in connection with the Glee Club broadpast whrch will start at 10:30 p.m. The program will originate' from station WIRE, Indianapolis.
April "Engineer
//
... is now available at the West Union desk. Industrialized Lafayette is the subject of ten of the articles in this month’s issue, which IS the largest of the current series.
No NYA Cuts, Collegians Demand
(By Associated Collegiate Press)
This afternoon at 4 o’clock Arthur Jacklin will give a piano recital consisting of Bach’s “French Suite, No. 6”; Schubert’s “Conata, Op 42”; and Musorgski’s “Pictures at an Exhibition” in the Music Room. Young Jacklin is the seventeen year old son of Professor H. M. Jacklin of the mechanical engineering school. He has appeared at other colleges, recently playing at DePauw last week. Everyone is invited to attend this recital which is sponsored by the Student Union.
No matter what the views of the average collegian may be on the subject of economy in the federal government, almost without exception he is not in favor of reducing financial aid for his fellow-students as has been maintained by the National Youth Administration. Collegiate editorialists are thumping loudly and strongly against NYA fund reductions now being considered by the national congress, and here is a summary of their reasons for their stand:
. . members will be entertained at a supper at the home of Catherine Cooley, active member, this evening at her home, 817 N. Salisbury.
“America’s best defense,” says the Temple University News, “will always be found in the existence of happy, busy young people, preparing themselves in the nation’s colleges for a useful future marked by peace and security. Economic discontent is the factor most likely to invite war. If the budget is to be cut, the place for it is in the arms increase proposals, not the comparatively small NYA allotments. NYA is an effective agency for keeping students in college, where it is more customary to carry text|5ooks than it is to carry guns.” Good For Democracy Said the Colgate University Maroon: “For the past few years, the
NYA has done a real service to American youth in making possible jobs of various sorts on the campi of American colleges and universities. Not only has such aid succeeded in giving many worthy students a college education but has relieved the employment situation by taking off the employment market numbers of young Americans who would otherwise have been competing for jobs. The work of the NYA has enhanced the democratic spirit of American colleges by giving men a chance to work their way thiough school, a thing quite impossible in some of our more aristocratic or totalitarian states.”
The University of Oregon Daily Emerald plugs for retention of the NYA funds with these words: “The amount cut from the NYA appropriation, if it is cut, will be but a drop in the bucket, and will be one of the most inclusive parts of the budgetary program. What Congress will be deciding is whether to dabble in developing an increased number of college trained people to face future problems generated in the present. It would be difficult to overstock the more highly educated field, which always needs more numbers. In view of this final consid-
I. H. Selowitz, Ph. ’41 from Norwich, Conn., was elected to the editorship of the Purdue Independent staff and Edward Matthews, ME ’41 from Gary, was named head of the business staff for the remainder of the current year and for the 1940-41 school year according to an announcement made last night by retiring editor-in-chief, L. W. Archibald. other selections for the staff of the PIA publication include Warren Archibald, managing editor; Goidon Griffin, publication editor; John Gilley, Irving Smulevitz and Marion Topliff, junior associate editor, and Anna Jensen, co-ed editor.
Robert Adams, Warren Carter, Rex Nash, and John Thompson were named assistant junior associate editors, while Gene Mundorf, Ivan Rhoden and Dick Wiley were selected as assistant sports editors. Picked for assistant co-ed editors were Estella Buente, Virginia Fitch, Elsie Kling, and Lois Schwandt.
. . . I. H. Selkowitz, who will direct the editorial policy of the “Independent” for the coming year.
Puidue Independent Association will choose officers for the coming year Tuesday from 7 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. at an election to be con,ducted in the great hall of the Union/ All PIA membeis aie eligible to vote upon presentation of theii membership cards and passpoits at the voting booth. Candidate^ who aie to be voted upon at this time aie: Jack Due and Wayne Musser, lunning for president; Warren Archibald and Bill Knepper, vice-piesident; Warene Hoover and Joan LeBoeuf, coed executive; Patsy McFailand and Leah Gluck, secretary; Hobert Blossei, Lawience Hess, and Edward Sopcak, tieasurei. Those candidates elected will take positions on the PIA senior board. Eleven other members for the board will be chosen at a later date by the new and present board members. Officers chosen Tuesday will be introduced April 30, at the Spring banquet of the PIA and Independent. According to the PIA executive boaid no campaigning will be allowed at the polls, and none of the present board members are permitted to take part in the campaigning.
Those who will complete the business staff are Richard Lowe, assistant business manager; Jake Baldwin, Buddy Lee and Oscar Luetkemeiei, associate advei’tising managers. Credit manager will be Max Kline, his assistant will be Eugene Alexander.
Nino Martini, Met Tenor, Engaged For Music Hall Dedication
Electoral boaid was composed of executives of this year’s staff and consisted of Archibald, Don Smith, Joan Winboiough, Jim Hebbeler, and W. E. McConnell.
Templeton Concert Will Be Held In Jeff Gym Wednesday
eration, it would seem that higher education is a good investment, and that political considerations should be secondary to potential value.” Petition Congress “This threatened cut is a matter for all students who work for part of their expenses. Because if this reduction goes through, the men now holding college jobs will have to share them with the new unemployed. And the college will have to makean attempt in its budget to provide more help for worthy students. We urge you to write your repi esentative at once about this matter,” wiote the Randolph-Ma-con College Yellow Jacket. “The fact alone that the honor point aveiage of NYA students is above the average of the school indicates that a little financial assistance for students from lower income gioups will repay the community in future leadership and employment security,” the University of Minnesota Daily maintains. Summing up the argument of all collegians, the Mills College Weekly says: “A penny saved in the production of war machines would certainly pay more than a dollar in dividends if invested in the education of some brilliant students.”
Alec Templeton will entertain at a concert on Wednesday April 24, at 8:15 p.m. in the Jefferson High School gym. This will be the second time the famous blind pianist has appeared in Lafayette. Last year he appeared here on Feb. 7 and 8 at a convocation program. Blind since birth, Alec Templeton learned to play entirely by ear. His first attempt at the piano was when at the age of two he attempted to imitate nearby church bells. At the age of five he composed his fiist composition, a lullaby. As soon as his family re'cognized his ability, they moved to London so that he might study under famous composers and musicians. In 1935 he came to America with Jack Hylton’s band, but he soon became a featured soloist and now conducts his own radio program. He IS well known for his musical satires and burlesques on famous
composers.
Nino Martini, celebrated tenor of the Metropolitan Opera Company, was engaged to replace Lawrence Tibbett who Friday cancelled his contract because of illness, on the Gala Week Music HaU dedication program May 3 and 4, Prof. J. T. Gunn, chairman of the convocation committee, announced late last night. Martini will appear in a joint progfam with Helen Jepson, Metropolitan lyric soprano, on both nights. The May 3 dedication program will be open only to students, and the May 4 performance is reserved for alumni and the general public. Prof. Gunn stated that Martini had been engaged definitely only after several long-distance telephone calls last night, and that the committee was fortunate in securing someone to replace Tibbett at this late date. Both Miss Jepson and Martini have presented concert programs on the campus before. Tickets for the May 3 student program will be distributed starting tomorrow upon the presentation of passports at the ticket office in the Fieldhouse according to the following schedule: seniors, Monday; juniors, Tuesday; sophomores, Wednesday; and freshmen, Thursday. Tickets for the May 4 concerts will be on sale at the Fieldhouse from Friday, April 26.
Dean Matthews Will
Elliott Will Address Talk To Senior Co-eds
Religious Service
At 7 p.m. tonight Piesident Elliott will deliver a talk on “International Student Friendship” at a worship service in faculty lounge of the Union. P. T. Chin, piesident of the Chinese Club, and Miss Hisako Fujiwara, of Japan, will tafk of the student conditions in foieign countries.
Rev. Robert Thomas of the Westminster Foundation will lead the religious service, which was piepared by the National Commission on University Work at Washington, D. C. William Harris, president of the Wesley Foundation, and Henry Mangus, of the Christian Foundation, will read the scripture lessons.
Dean Mary L. Matthews, of the home economics school, will give the welcoming address at the American Association of University Women meeting this afternoon at 3 o’clock in Duncan Hall. Georgann Schilling, senior co-ed editor of the Exponent, will give a reply to it. A shoit talk will be given by Mrs. Maude Leiter, president of the association. Mrs. Michael Ricks will sing. Dr. Elizabeth L. Mackay of the biology depaitment and Mrs. W. A. Knapp are co-chairmen in
charge of the meeting.
Bennie Vance
. . . and his band played at the mixer last night sponsored by the Purdue Republican Club. During the dance Republican candidates for governor were presented to the 150 couples present.
MILITARISTS The Military Department announces that the usual Corps Day formations for April 23rd and the 25th are cancelled. Instead the entire Corps will be formed in the Armory at 4:00 p.m. on April 29th for a review before the Rotary International. In the case of inclement weather on the 29th the 3rd and 4th Regiments only will hold the formation and review in the Fiddhouse.
IPOBDOE EXPONENT
Sunday. April 21. 1940
^Breezin’ Along In The Breeze*
Qfim AND BCAR IT
By Lichty
A Trip To The Land 0' Lakes May Revive Memories Of Vacations' Happy Hours
By BiU Heat«n Editor’s Note This is the last in a ser les of three articles by the writer designed to furnish yon with descriptions of most scenic routes to sights well adapted for a pleasure dnye or picnic Do lake shores appeal to you’ Here’s a convenient route to a couple of very populai lakes Maybe their popularity rests with the fact that they’re the only ones in this vicinity Neveitheless, we think their beauty will appeal to you, and it may seem like home to those of you formerly accustomed to living near the water Your road out of Lafayette is state road 25, routed through the city on Fourth street Follow this road to Delphi, an enterprising little town of two thousand inhabitants, 17 miles from Lafayette “On the Banks of the Wabash” The ride to Delphi is certainly well worth your while, itself, if you haifen’t time to make the rest of
the trip.
Indeed, it would be difficult to find another route in this vicinity combimng such a wonderful display of nature’s spimgtime beauties with so fine a road A goodly mixture of high bluffs and gentle slopes lie between your road and the paralleling course of the Wabash on your left In the outskirts of Delphi, turn left onto state road 39 “Land O’ Lakes” You are now approaching the “Land O’ Lakes ” The lakes in question are Tjakes Freeman and Shafer Created several years ago by Oakdale and Norway dams, respectively, on the Tippecanoe River, the dams and their adjacent hydro electric power plants are the source of electrical energy for a large percentage of the towns in the surrounding area Even Lafay ette avails itself of this power dui ing emergencies Four miles north of the right turn in road 39, a left turn onto a county blacktop road will lead you to Oakdale Dam (elevation 610 5 ft above sea) on Freeman Lake This road can be easily identified by a power line which follows it from the dam, or by an “Oakdale Inn” sign at the corner Want To Relive Happy Times’ After viewing the dam, ‘back track’ to road 39 and turn left (north) Five and one half miles north from here, and right on the road, are some inteiesting, new fish hatcheries that you may want to
inspect
Although the lake is seldom visible from 39, countless numerous gravel roads lead back to hotels, resorts and cottages on the lake Many of these loads are highly recommended for yoi^ pleasure, that is, if you want to be ‘alone with her’ for a while Nothing is better to re vive those memories of pleasant hours on former lake vacations than a little repetition’ A drive of seven miles from the dam, plus any sidetrips, brings you to Monticello, population 2300, the next town of any size on road 39 Incidentally, road 39 ends here
Norway Dam Entering Monticello from the south, your route to Norway dam (elevation 643 0 ft above sea) Shafer Lake takes you straight through town on d'brick street Then follow a buck country road to a point one and one half miles north of the court house in Monticello At this point, the end of the brick road, turn right and follow a winding road for one mile to Norway
dam
Upon the completion of your tour of inspection of this dam, turn north at “Fisherman’s Paradise,” a nearby restaurant, and follow a county gravel road for one mile to the blacktop highway running north on the west side of Lake Shafer Turn right onto it Ideal Beach, Barney Rapp Ideal Beach, a noted lakeshoie re sort, and well known to many summer session students, is reached after a one mile drive from the'-^pv-el and blacktop intersection Ri^pr has it that Barney Rapp and his orchestra will be there tonight, just in case any of you fellows and gals haven’t had enough dancing this weekend Probably cost you about a buck The blacktop contrnues north along the lake for several miles It is a beautiful drive in its entirety and IS close enough to the lake to afford one many a scenic view No great amount of searching is required to find convenient spots for ‘parking’ to ‘look at the lake ’ Four miles north of Ideal Beach on this lakeshore drive is Lowe’s Budge Here you may cross the neck of the lake or turn around and make the return trip to Monticello Tasty Pish Dinneis Although it IS entirely possible to return to Monticello by crossing this budge and following roads on the east side of the lake you will find that the scenery does not compare with that from the blacktop, nor are the roads nearly as smooth
Incidentally, if you have a taste for fish, many hotels and resorts make this their'specialty Examples of these spots are the “Sportsman Hotel,” below Monticello on 39, the aforementioned “Fisherman’s Paradise,” and others too numerous to mention “Back To Old Purdue” After returning to Monticello (here’s hoping you make it) your best road back to Lafayette is the one you came on Round trip distance will depend on how far up the lake you go, but will approximate 80 miles if you diive to Loew’s Bridge Regardless of the distance you ti avel, we wager that it will be worth your time, and that you will see some of the finest scenery in this vicinity'
Notices
No notices will be accepted after 8 p mSophomore Military Students Advance course applicants list is posted on the bplletin board Read it and comply with in structions Any one desiring to have his name removed from the list be sure and see the Adjutant _ 4 21 —WISELOGEL
Radio Club Regular meeting Tuesday April 23 at 7 30 p m in room 264 of the electrical engineering building M T Gannon will be the speakei for the evening Eveiyone is invited —PITCHER All Students Those of you who have not your copy of Scrivener please call Alexan der 2673 or Metz 8421 4 22 —ALEXANDER
Outing Club Bicycle hike to Battle Ground starts at 10 30 a m Sunday April 27 All people interested in this hike wheth er having bicycles or not call following be fore Saturday noon Marcile Long 2823 Marge Ward 41111 Fred Cordua 36293 or George Shawkms 46473 —SHAWKINS
Chi Epsilon Actives and pledges your nitiat on fee I ays for a ticket to the all engineeiing honoiary bai quet Be sure to get yo 1 ticket from yon fraternity pros idcnt by Tuesday Api 1 23 —HUS TON
Classified Ads
FOR SALE FOR SALE — Typewriters All makes standard and portable sold purchased rented and repaired New portable haachines as low as $29 76 Supplies C F EbersheS, 606 Main street
Pi Tau Sigma Actives and pledges joui 11 iti tion fee pays for a ticket to the all engineer g honor rv banqu t Bo sure to t yo 1 t ck t from jour fia cm ty pres I I nt by Tuesday Apiil 23 —HUS TON Eta Kappa Nu Actives and pledges your II itiation fee pays for a ticket to the all engineering honoraiy banquet Be sure to get youi ticket from voui fraternity pres 1 nt by Tuesday April 23 —HUSTON
Pi Tau Sigma Actii es and Pledges Tick ets to the All Engineering Honorary Ban luet will be distributed on Monday April 22 at 4 p m n the ME reading room —EILERING
Fencing All freshmen and others inter ested in the fencing tourney report to the fencing room on Monday Apiil 22 —WELDY
FOB RENT Russ—Rent A Car Service Cars for all occasions Min $2 50 all night Phone 71644
Dolphin Club Meeting Tuesday April 23 at 7 p m in fieldhouse Discussion of Galacade —FILER
Anyone interested in living at the West minster Co op during summer session see Everett Hood 318 N Grant St Phone 3747
LOST AND FOUND Lost Brown wallet containing driver a license and change Contact W E Beal 139 S Grant Reward
Lost Larayo yellow gold wrist watch— tan leather strap Finder please call 56752
Lost K & E Slide Rule No 469804 Name on rule and case Reward Phone 45892 R M Beir
Glider Club Claims Long Record Flights Glider Club, after completing 106 flights fi om 5am to 5 p m last Tuesday laid claim to an efficiency record for glidei flights Two outstanding flights wei e log ged Craig Miller, junior mechanical engineer, soared in the baby albatross sailplane, “La Paloma,” to an altitude lecoid of 2,900 feet and remained aloft 32 minutes A new altitude lecoid of 1,800 feet was made by Rogei Atkinson, freshman engineer in the “Flying Boilermaker ” Faculty counselors will meet at 4 p m on Tuesday, April 23, in Stanley Coulter Hall Dr F B Knight, di rector of the division of education and applied psychology, will speak on “Hints on Counseling” At 5 pm the student counselois will meet m Coulter Hall to hear Dr J E Walters and Dr E, L Kelly, both of the University, speak. Their sub jects have not been announced yet
Two’s Company...Three’s Illegal!
Columbia's Romantic Successor to "The Awful Truth" Jjoo TTiamj, diuAbandSu
starring
]m ARTHUR
FRED NEU/VN AynpAY^ROW Starts TODAY umtsfu
I WBAA I MONDAY II 00—History of the 19th Century —Prof V L Albjerg 11 50—Purdue News 12 00—Agricultural Forum 12 15—Sports Review 12 30—Meet the Band 12 45—Monitor Views the News 1 00—Principles of Sociology— Prof T K Noss 1 46—Market Reports 2 00—Safety Suggestion 2 30—Foods-Facts-Fancies 2 45—Mary Louise Switzer—pianist 3 00—Little Red Schoolhouse of the Air 3 30—Scientific News 3 46—Musical Review 4 15—Wild Life 4 45—Story Book Hour
Eta Kappa Nu Formal initiation will be held Wednesday April 24 at 6 p m in room 304 of the Union banquet in room 866 at 6pm —APPLEYARD Outing Club Bicycle hike to Battle Ground starts from the West side fire sta tion at 10 30 am Sunday April 21 All people interested in this hike whether hav mg bicycles or not call one of the following befoie Saturday noon Marcile Long 2823 Marge Ward 41111 Fred Cordua 36293 and George Shawkms 46473 —SHAWKINS Church of Christ Meeting Sunday April 21 at 3 p m at 304 S 27th St Lafayette Frank Van Dyke Minister will be in charge —CANTOWINE Senior Military The following students report to Captain Cook Army Medical Corps at the Student Health Service Sunday April 21 Wm E Spreuer, G G Burke G E Olson and A W Rifenburgh at 9 a m H S Laycock O J Henderson N S Plmer and F N Prater at 10 a m G W Breuer and Wm E Unger at 11 a m —PICKERING
PIA Members Petitions for all offices other than president co ed executive vice president secretary and treasurer of PIA foi the coming year are due Wednesday April 24 at 5 30 p m in the PIA office Petitions need no signature but should state qualifiacations —HINSHAW
War Department Films No 103 Re connaibsance and Preparation of Routes Truck Drawn Units and Training Film No 104 Difficult Terrain Truck Drawn Units will be show in room 104 of the Armory at 4 10 p m on Tuesday April 23 These films are shown in connection with the col rse in Field Artillery Review for seniors All students an 1 faculty interested arc invited to attend —THOMPSON
Scabbard and Blade Foimal initiation Wclntbday A] ill 24 at 5 p m in Armory Bin) t in U ion it fa p m Formal i ml orm required —OLSON
Student Service Fund Committee Meet ini. of all icproscntatives to receive mater I il Mond ly Apiil 22 at 4 p m in room 304 f the Union —HOBBS
Phi Lambda Upsilon Active membeis who are also members of Tau Beta Pi see Qattei ill for all engineeiing honoraries lanquet tickets Otheis see Nelson ol Hall by Tuesday, Apiil 23 ' —HALL
Christian Science Organization Regular meeting will be hel 1 Tuesday April 23 10 p m room 303 of the Union —KNIPP
ChE 129 A Exams Make up examinations in ChE 129 A will be given in loom 302 in the chem and met building for the last two hour exams Monday April 22 at 4 p m
PIA Chorus Rehearse Mond ly April 22 from fa 15 to 00 p m in room 30 of Un ion Rehearsal Tuesday will start at 7 30 pm in room 305 Plan to come at least for fust half hour of each meeting Im portant —ARCHIBALD
DANCING CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER'S Mon. April 22, 7:30 p. m. , ADVANCED Wed. April 24,7:30 p. m. ENROLL NOW INDIANA'S LARGEST DANCING SCHOOL PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6tli and Ferry
ARC
—SUNDAY - MONDAY-
RANDOLPH SCOTT
PRESTON
FOSTER MARGARET LINDSAY
A 20lh
Cfnluiy Fox PlOu <
A (ounopotiuii Pioduci on _AND —
"BLONDIE TAKES A VACATION"
— WITH —
ARTHUR LAKE PENNY SINGLETON
— ALSO —
SHORT SUBJECT
‘I bought the suit at Sneed’s Emporium—they’re giving away a bat with every suit’’’
student Service Fund Committee A rep resentative fyom the national office will talk Tuesday April 23 at 7 30 pm in loom 263 of the Union about the conditions and needs of students in other lands All m terested are invited to attend —HOBBS Glee Club Important rehearsal Sunday April 21 3pm at Fowler Hall in prepara tion for the Indianapolis trip tomorrow —COCHRim
Mortar Board Meeting Monday, April 21, at 5 30 p m at Catheiine Cooley’s hbuse —SAUBER.
Scriveners Meeting Sunday April 21 at 7 30 p m in room 303 of the Union Guests coming —MUNRO
Kappa Delta Pi Initiation 5 30 Tuesday Apiil 23 Union Members presence requested Banquet will follow initiati(|n. Tickets may be obtained at Union desk —BRODY
LUMA
TODAY - MONDAY
PLUS—2ND FEATURE
— EXTRA — COLOR CARTOON
Seniors and Juniors m Chemical Bngmeering All desiring to take optional inspec tion trip to Danville Pekin and Peoria Illinois Thursday and Friday April 25-26 leave name in room 101 Chemical and Metallurgical building by Tuesday April 23 —LOVEL^
Mms -NOW PLAYINGIHEBROUSIITIlii LUCK.
The emoHonal intensity of George Raft...the smoldering beauty of Joan Bennett... in the season’s hit-drama!
GEORCE nmwT
JOAN
Th® 1I0US1 tiie mm with LLOYD NOLAN • GLADYS GE0R6I and WALTER PIDGEON — EXTRA — COLOR CARTOON Traveltalk in Color Ak
THE SPICY ROMANCE OF A "DEAD-END" GIRL AND A LIVE WIRE BOYf
^ VMmeMH g mth » MARJORIE RAMBEAU. HENRY TRAVERS •MILES MANDER ^ J, Queenie Smith • Joan CattoU
The tops ^ all maw-fir-each-other screen teams!
- NOW PLAYING - Another First Run Hit!
MaiiIfi ■ . > ‘ ' ■' " • • ' ‘ . , I 1 , , _,,. ^ ^ ^ ^ , ’, ,’., i, , ,!»,'■ AilftSvI'i^S
{^V«idc|y, April 2L 1940
PUHPUE EXPQNl^l^T
Boilermaker Trackmen Trounce Wayne University Thinlies
Riveters Garner 13 Firsts; Weber,
Riveter Metiers Fall Before Teachers
Netters Vanquished Following 6-1 Victory In Butler Fieldhouse, Led By Fuente
Boilermaker racqueteers bowed to a great tennis team yesterday afternoon out on the Fieldhouse floor, and the squad representing Western State walked off the courts after having swept cleanly through eight bitterly contested tennis matches. Throughout the competition, the play utterly belied top-heavy scores in favor of the Teachers, games being dropped by the narrowest of margins with the Riveters just failing to put over those last vital smashes that clinch games. Captain Herb Fuente was pitted
against Russell, the Western State number one man, for the first match of the series, and fell before a smashing overhand that kept returning shots from all sorts of impossible angles. The games were close, but Russell proved just a little too consistent for the Boilermaker captain. Set scores: 0-6, 2-6. Lucht, playing in the number four spot and pitted agajnst Stateman Linder, played in the adjacent court. He too fell by scores of 0-6,
2-6.
The next matches played on the two Fieldhouse courts featured Boilermakers, Anderson and Hebbeler, facing Crook and Van der
Meiden, respectively, of the Western State aggregation. Anderson, a tall rangy sophomore, dropped his sets 3-6, 2-6, after showing streaks of brilliant stroking, marred only by slight inconsistency. Jim Hebbeler, senior, dropped a tightly matched first set by 4-6, but then Van der Meiden went on to make a clean sweep of the second set to clinch
that match.
boilermakers Berg and Meihaus playing in the number five and six spots, respectively, dropped their matches to wind up the singles matches. Berg lost by 3-6, 1-6; and Meihaus, by 1-6, 3-6. Two doubles
matches followed, after which Western State closed the competition by defaulting the last doubles match
to Purdue.
Fuente and Hebbeler were pitted against State’s number one men, Russell and Sims, in the first doubles match, and fell by 3-6, 2-6, after which Boilermakers Lucht and Anderson lost to Taylor and Linder
at 3-6, 3-6.
So far this season, the only team to which Western State Teachers has bowed is Chicago. Very much different from their football and basketball squads, the Chicago tennis teams have been conference kings for the last four years. Yesterday’s results, however, told a far different story, for the clay courts inside the Butler University Fieldhouse were the scene of a 6-1 triumph for the Riveter racqueteers. Here, Purdue dominated the entire match, dropping only one singles match.
Seventeen Ohio convicts have received certificates for completion of Ohio State University extension courses.
BASEBALL America’s Favorite Game is Back Again
Health and energy are essential to baseball players. That is why milk is always included in their diet.
Yon always need milk to give you energy and good health to enjoy fully the picnics that spring affords.
PHONE 5015
SUNSHINE FARMS BRANCH OF SHERMAN WHITE & CO.
fisJdahk ^Jwiai By Robert J. Deckard ALL-ROUND OUTFIT ' \ This corner “braved” wintery blasts yesterday afternoon in the Stadium to get an eye-witness account of the Boilermaker and Wayne University track teams in action in the first outdoor' meet of the 1940 season. —^fc— And well was it worth our while. Although weather conditions hampered the thinlies considerably, it nevertheless gave us a fair opportunity to see what the Riveter tracksters might do away from an inside track. —^fc— First impressions are usually lasting, and here we might say that the first impression we picked up yesterday afternoon was the PUers possess a w^ll-balanced contingent. —^fc— The fact struck us during the meet' that the dash department, which includes the 440, 220, 100, and the hurdle events, is a place where not one but several Boilermakers specialize efficiently, with a host of other performers ready to assume assignments tossed their
way.
—^fc— Coach Hermon Phillips, Purdue mentor, has made another “find” in the dashmen, this time that particular “find” being Willard Gaulke, sophomore brother of A1 Gaulke, veteran distance man. Yesterday Willard stepped to the front in the 220-yard dash and negotiated that event with a time of :21.9 . . . And Bob Keim and Dave Rankin were in there stepping along with plenty of speed. —fc— In the 100, Rankin and Ted Tycocki, a pair of veteran Boilermaker athletes, took care of themselves right comfortably as did Red Shackle ton, Anthony, and Wente in the gruelling 440. —^fc— Rankin^—spelled in our mind as Versatile — again appears in the hurdles along with Stroyeck . . . Dave garnered the low-sticks event with a :24 flat, which is nothing to be sneezed at considering the frigid conditions the team had to undergo yesterday . . . And Stroyeck ripped off the highs in :14.9, which we
MERCHANTS!! You’ll See EYE TO EYE with your Customer if he knows first what you have to offer. if Reach the Students Through Their Own Publication Advertise in I the Purdue Exponent
Rankin, Holderman Lead Scoring By collecting 13 of the 15 firsts, to compile a total of only four points short of the century mark, the Boilermaker track squad overwhelmed the Wayne University cinder team yesterday afternoon in Ross-Ade Stadium. The Gold and Black tracksters chalked up their second .victory in as many outdoor meets as they downed the auto city squad by the lop-sided score of 96 1-6 to 34 5-6.
A frigid north wind blasted through the stadium to stymie any hopes of the Riveter stars to establish new records in any of their specialty events. Nearly two hundred half-frozen fans and sleepy prom imports watched Holderman, Weber, and Rankin garner ten points apiece to lead the Riveter contingent in their victory. Two More For Ed Ed Holderman opened the meet by edging out sophomore Bob Jarvis in the mile run to add the first quartet of points to the Riveter score. Later in the meet the junior understand is his best time of the year in that event.
—^fc—
Hopping over into the distance, we found that sterRng junior thinlie, Ed Holderman, who has been in the sportlight in midwest and national track circles for nigh on a couple of years. Yesterday Ed easily won the mile and 880, with Jarvis and Young assisting this longlegged Mercury. ' —^fc— In the weights and throwing events, Jake Weber, Bachman, and that feller named Rankin appeared. Jake tossed the 16-pounder 47’ 7”. Vollmer asserted himself to be the number one javelin thrower on the squad by negotiating that event, with Joorfetz as his closest contender on the PU team.
—fc—
Another impression we picked up was that the lads on this year’s team have a whale of a lot of spirit. Every man was conscientious about fulfilling his particular tasks . . . We might add here that up to recent years, track around Purdue has been more or less a “dead-beat,” operating only because a few aspiring trackmen wanted to run ... But during the past several years, under the tutelage of Phillips, the team has rounded out and boasts of several outstanding performers. ..
—^fc—
The team as a whole appeared to be well-conditioned, but, of course, are unadjusted to the outside track after hammering away at the cinders indoors since Christmas. With several more weeks of outdoor practice and better weather conditions, the thinly outfit, we firmly believe, will be on its way as a wellconditioned, well-balanced team which will be hard to beat.
Phone 3085
SOME SAY"It doesn't' pay to cater to regular CLEANING HABITS" BUT WHO'S THE JUDGE.’ The one who's where you want to go—not where you've already gone! Call Now—We deliver the BEST in Cleaning! American Laundry
West Side OfBoo 132 Vino St
distance star led the field to the tape in the 880 yard run for his second win of the afternoon. Hardwooder Dan Fisher thrilled the sparse crowd with a driving finish in the half-mile (his first in intercollegiate competition) to miss out a second place position by a distance of only a few inches. Jake Weber tossed the shot 47 feet and 7 inches and the discus 129 feet and 4 inches to lead all competition in the two events. The near 48 feet put of the shot marks Weber’s best throw of the season. Rankin Scores In Four Events Versatile Dave Rankin, although he lost the high hurdles to a fast improving sophomore, Stroyeck, copped first in the low hurdles, third in the shot put, and second in the hundi’ed yard dash to amass his total of ten points. Wayne’s brace of blue ribbons were won by Adams in the 100 yard dash and Henderson in the high jump. Adams displayed rare form in leading Rankin and Tycocki to t]^ tape in the time of nine and nine-tenths seconds.
Complete Summary The complete summary of the meet is as follows: One Mile Run—Won by Holderman, P; Jarvis, P, second; Young, P, third. Time, 4:47.4. 440 Yard Dash—Won by Shackleton, P; Anthony, P, second; Wente, P, third. Time, :51.9. Discus Throw—Won by Webei-, P; Bachman, P, second; Betker, W, third. Distance, 129 feet, 4 inches. Broad Jump—Won by Tycocki, P; Henderson, W, second; Betker, W, third. Distance, 22 feet 11 inches. Pole Vault—Lovett and Campbell, P, tied for first; White, W, and Edwards and Cunningham, P, tied for third. Height, 11 feet. Shot Put—Won by Weber, P; Betker, W, second; Rankin, P, third. Distance, 47 feet 7 inches. High Jump—Won by Henderson, W; Anderson, P, second; Wingo, W, third. Height, 5 feet 10 inches. Javelin Throw—Won by Vollmer, P; Sevicki, W, second; Suto, P, third. Distance, 161 feet 2 inches. 100 Yard Dash—Won by Adams, W; Rankin, P, second; Tycocki, P, third. Time, :09.9. 120 Yard High Hurdles^Won by Stroyeck, P; Henderson, W, second; Rankin, P, third. Time, :14.9. 880 Yard Run—Won by Holderman, P; Ainsworth, W, second; Fisher, P, third. Time, 2:00.5. 220 Yard Dash—^Won by Gaulke, P; Adams, W, secend; Keim, P, third. Time, :21.8. Two Mile Run: Reeves and White, P, tied for first; Pryor, W, third.
Time, 10:24.5.
220 Yard Low Hurdles: Won by Rankin, P; Luby, W, second; Henderson, W, third. Time, ':24.6. One Mile Relay: Won by Purdue (Simmons, Wente, Anthony, Shackleton); Wayne, second. Time, 3:28.5. lU Games Cancelled Due To Wet Grounds With both games of a double header with Indiana cancelled due to wet weather at Bloomington, the Riveter baseball squad played intra-squad game yesterday afternoon in order to keep in shape for the game with the Butler Bulldogs on Ross-Ade field Tuesday after-
noon.
Coach Fehi'ing divided the squad into two teams, the Golds and the Blacks, allowing four pitchers to see mound duty dining the aftei> noon’s fray. High efficiency at the plate was displayed by Mackiewicas and Doherty, with each player garnering a trio of hfts. Following ten innings of spirited play, the Gold team emerged viqtorious by a score of 8-6. Emmert and Higgins pitched for the -winners, with Bailey and Kanken shaiv ing the mound duty for the losers.
eX
forPURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday, April 21, 1940
' 1
1
4 *
\ N
\ N
But
Incidentally
We weise staitled yesterday by an ad in a printing magazine which said, “New this month—SUCTION FED SEXTUPLET. Six folding sections . . . Accuracy and versatility unequalled.” Turned out to be a paper folding machine. Shucks, we were all ready to call in Dr. Dafoe.”
CORNELIA AND SERGE In our current investigation of un-Communistic activity we went around interviewing people. One of them was Cornelia Otis Skinner. We were as surprised as you the other Thursday night when she said we could see her in her hotel room. We’re sorta the bashful type, so when we entered a room containing one veiy charming lady dressed in some sort of pink-silk-and-lace dressing gown—well, shucks, we didn’t feel much like the tough newspaper man (We aren’t.) However. we were reassured by her gracious manner, so we drew forth our notebook. One of the reasons we wanted to see Cornelia was to show her “But Incidentally,” since she is a humoious 'writer of high horsepower. Try reading her latest book if you don’t know this already. After reading half a dozen or so from our file she said, “Oh, that’s veiy good.” She's a veiy polite lady, is Cornelia. Cornelia doesn’t mind being bothered by reporters and the other people who came to see her; considers it part of being on the road. We were pleased to hear that she likes to talk to college students—^but not school children. Ever since the time a little darling stumped her with “What do you think of life?” (not the magazine), she has had few interviews with youngsters. Can’t say that we blame her.
Purdue Exponent
R. E. Insley Editor4n-Chicf W. E. Smith Bnsiness ManacM
D. G. Terrio, editorial director; G. W. Frederick, managing editor; K M. Antonini, senior advertisinK manaser; G. Schilling;, co-ed editor; ^ Jenkins, sports editor. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locaily by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $3.60. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Avc, New York, N. Y. All unaigmed editorials are written by the editorial director.
Night Editor, Parks Day Editor, Sticrs Issue Editor, Lockwood Sunday, April 21, 1940
Higgenbottam To Visit University April 23
Not being a reporter with questions ready to pop at her, we asked what were some of the stock questions which were usually popped at her. One which griped (quote) her was, “What do you thing of the trend in Modern Drama?” Somehow we don’t think that the .lournal & Courier man, whom we saw later in the evening, had that among HIS stock questions. Because she thinks the term monologist is a bit bulky, she sometimes describes herself as a disease. This, we were told, is a French word which describes what Cornelia does to a T, A typesetter on an Edinburgh paper apparently knew as little about the word as we did, because the paper billed her as Cornelia Otis Skinner, the American Disease. As we left Cornelia’s room she said, since “But Incidentally” is written by Russians, you might be interested that I am currently studying Russian. We weren’t. But we still are inteiested in “What do you think of life, Cornelia ?”
Personnel Notes
in ME seniors for sales, shop, and engineering departments.
Alumni
Complete bulletins with the companies listed below, are posted on the bulletin boards of the schools from which inter- \ lewees will be chosen. Those interested should read these bulletins and company literature available, then sign up for consideration on the proper list In the maim office of their school.
J. A. Mitchell, western district plant supt., of the Barrett Company, Chicago, manufacturers of coal tar and roofing products, will visit Purdue to mteiview ME seniors.
W. A. Ruhl, works manager. Universal Winding Company, Providence, R. I., manufacturers of textile winding machines, will visit Purdue Thursday, April 25, to talk to ME seniors interested in machine design and general engineering work.
A. C. Waggoner, Optical Industries Inc., Indianapolis, is interested in an engineer or science senior who has majored in physics, to work at the manufacture of lenses.
. . . and friends of Michigan State College from Indiana held their annual banquet meeting last night in the Purdue Memorial Union building. Joseph Ryan, Indianapolis, pi esident of the Indiana Association of Michigan State College Alumni, presided. Prof. James Troop, of Purdue, received a special tiibute for his years of teaching and scientific service.
We have a new title for today’s column: “From Undei^the Icebag.” I know, wiseguys; if I’d written it a little sooner, it would have been called “From Under the Table.” —B & B— Why doesn’t the University put their employees where they are needed the most? Friday night there were about 20 men parking wan’t a soul at theairport, where wasn’t a soul at the airport, where the biggest traffic jam occurred. —B & B— Famous last line: > “Why go home now? The beer joints will open again in half an hour.” —B & B— We have our first report of Prom pin pushing. Larry Lyles, Golden Gloves fighter, put his Pi Kappa Phi pin on his import from Stevens College. —B & B— “Going out tonight?” “Not completely.” —B & B— Bill “Zeke” Peffer, senior ME, has become “Lady Ester” to his associates since he recently received some free samples of face powder to assist him in his ardent search for a woman. His case is almost as bad as that of Paul Carr who is searching for a girl with the aid of the Lonely Hearts Club. —B & B— A lad looking through the telescope on top of the Biology building the other night muttered, “Gawd! Pietty good telescope.” —B & B— In the words of Art Foltz, Theta
Dr. Sam Higginbottam, moderator of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church in the United States, and president of Allahabad Christian College in India, will be on the campus from 2:30 to 7:30 p.m., Tuesday, April 23. From 3:30 to 5:30 he will confer with agricultural school leaders. According to committee members, all students are invited to attend the informal cafeteria supper and the conference immediately afterward in the reception room of the Union building at 5:30. Dr. Higginbottam has earned the name, “Father of India,” from his work in applying scientific principles of agriculture to raise the standard of living of the rural Indians at the agricultural institution at Allahabad, India.
Yale Professor To Give Lectures On Heat Radiation
HGirlsGoToEarlham College For "Playday"
Profess(or W. J. Wohlenberg, of Yale University, will speak at the second series of heat transmission lectures, to be given here on April 23 and 24. Two lectures will be given on each day, in room 207 of the mechanical engineering building, at 4 and 8 o’clock. Topics for this series include, “The Nature of Radiation and the Radiant Interchange Between Solids” and “Spectral Distribution of the Energy and Radiation from Gases,” for Tuesday, the 23; on Wednesday the topics will be “Equations Representing the Net Radiant Interchanges Occurring in 5 Stems Involving Gases with Particles in Suspensions,” and “The Energy Distribution in the Pulverized Coal Furnace Cavity.” These lectures are open to all students, townspeople and faculty members who may be interested.
Early yesterday morning about 17 girls left for Earlham College where this district meets for their annual spring playday. These playdays were held all over the state, and their purpose was to emphasize individual sports. Yesterday the stress was placed on badminton, tennis, golf, and archery. Before the events of the afternoon, the participants were served a luncheon by the state teachers’ college.'^
Engineers To Convene For Annual Field Meeting
Chi, “Poo Dennison, hooray for Pat Lohman.” —B & B— Why did J. M. Kelly receive a letter after she (his date) found out he celebrated Post Prom in bed ?
Chicago section of the American Institute of Mining and Metallurgical Engineers will convene at the University Saturday, April 27, for the annual field meeting of the organization. Registration will take place in room 363 of the Union from 12:30 to 1 p. m., followed by a joint meeting of the Chicago section and Purdue student chapter under the chairmanship of F. L. Serviss, professor of geology. From 2:46 to 3:46 p.m. the field meeting delegates will make a tour of the campus and vicinity by automobile.
Duke University has substituted lacrosse for boxing as an approved intercollegiate sport.
W. V. Upton, National Starch Products Company, will visit Purdue Monday, April 22, to interview juniors in the ChE school for summer work in his company.
Research Foundation of Armour Institute of Technology, Chicago, is interested in an ME senior and a physics laboratory research assistant for research work in photographic and spectrographic studies of combustion in internal combustion engines.
due Saturday, May 4th, to interview EE seniors, for application, design, manufacture of their products.
P. W. Ross, Indianapolis Power & Light Company, Indianapolis, will visit Purdue Tuesday, April 23, to interview EE seniors interested in power sales.
A. R. Tomlin, assistant chief engineei'. Northern Indiana Power Company, Indianapolis, plans to employ juniors in the EE school for summer work.
M. B. Mathis, Union Electric Company of Missouri, St. Louis, Mo., (2 hydi o-electrjc and 4 steam plants), will visit Purdue Monday and Tuesday, April 22 and 23, to interview EE and ME seniors for sales training or reseai’ch work.
S. M. Hunter, manager of sales, American Hoist & Derrick Company, St. Paul, Minn., is interested
W. L. Wearly of the Joy Manufacturing Company, Franklin, Pa., manufacturers of electric motors and controllers, will visit Pur-
F. H. Roby, industrial controller division. Square D Company, Milwaukee, Wis,, is interested in ME and EE seniors for sales training work.
Fresh Package
You'll get a package of fresh cleanliness when you send your cleaning and pressing to Wcsi- Side. Every job is inspected for perfection before it leaves our establishment.
Phone 4081
Northwestern at Vine
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• School Syppliof
• Professional
"DfAC* Everything for a College Education
Risk Dental Clinic OR. PAUL A RtSK DR. LUTHER A RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th fir Main Phooa 57©l
• Dairy Products
• Locksmith
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK F*hone 46214
KEYS & LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
• Hardware
• Florists
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Fiowera Main at 7th Phone 6050
• Dine
SUNDAY DINNER AT BARTLETT'S
CHICKEN STEAKS
FISH
>
U. S. Govt. Graded Beef
Compare your present canned good prices with our summer purchased
BIRDSEYE prices on the following Fruits and Vegetables peas BROCCOLI PEACHES
ASPARAGUS
CORN
LIMA BEANS
CAULIFLOWER
SPINACH SQUASH
STRAWBERRIES BLUEBERRIES RASPBERRIES
FROZEN BIRDSEYE VEGETABLES
LAFAYETTE FOOD LOCKERS 5355 - PHONES - 2971