^ ^ V’-'^''^' ’ ‘ '' ' "j ;{ 4 i ^ ' . ► ’ *®*,t, ’‘ ' * ' '
M
EDIT.(^J| DISCUSSES ♦ Foreign Policy , i Of Mahatma Gha’ndi
Eftabllthed 1889
ttutu Tft* Ilufir
tf, /
'
''j' > '‘S’ i-
MdNON
SHOPS
■? ^
Is Revealed
/
By exponent Reporter
Volume 54, No. 4q
West' Lofayefte, Indiana
Sunday# August 9# t942
Concert Orcfi|C|||a
Union Ti'avel Bureau Will Ooj^ l^^lh Tuesduy Afternoon
Students Driving Cars Home - ^ i ^
Between Semesters To Register Cooperating with the National Office of Defense Transpor-
tation the Student Union will set up a booth in the Great Hall of the Union for registering those students wishing rides to their homes and for those students who intend to drive cars home for the vacation between semesters. The service will begin next Tuesday afternoon at 4 p. m. and will be extended
. until the closing of school. The
Df. f///off
Heads Hew
I ^ t' '"
Committee
Present Program Today
Ragains Will Diro^ Music In Union At 4
liiijaintn E. Hiessner, EE '17, Offers New Sul) Oetection Plan To Uncle Sam
This afternoon at 4 o’clock in the No'rfh Ballroom of the Union, the University Concert Orchestra, conducted by Jo-' seph M. Ragains, assistant choral director, will present a pro-
Benjamin H. Mies'sner, famous radio inventor and ex ’17 grom of concert music. This program is sponsored by the University Electrical Engineering, who has collected more Union Music Room Committee.
VttSUKIOM MRHr-«0-soul
booth will be open from 4 until
6:3Q every afternoon.
Need Students’ Cooperation
By Drew Pearson Manpower Board PUni praft Law Tp Freeze Labor WASHINGTON: Chairman Paul McNutt is keeping it such a secret that even some of his colleagues on the War Manpower Commission are in the dark about the contents of the new manpower “draft” bill, now being written behind the scenes. »However, here are the inside
facts:
The bill will be closely patterned after the British labor-diaft formula which provides for compulsory mobilization of labor, ju.^'t as the draft act mobilizes men foi the aimed foices. It hasn’t been decided yet, but so far-reaching are the plans lor drafting labor that all women between the ages of 20 and 45 may be re'qttired to register with the Selective I Service System and fill out occupaitional questionnaires. The manpower bill is being whipped into shape by a McNutt committee, composed of Biig. Gen. Lewis B. Ileishey, Selective Seivice Director; Goldihwaite Don, War Depaitment repiesentative on the Manpower Commission; and Under Secretaiy of Navy Foiiestal. Anothei with a thumb in pie is Bernard C. Gavit, McNutt’s general counsel. • Who Will Draft Labor?
Dr. Edward C. Elliott, president of the University, and Chief of the Manpower Commission’s Technical and Professional Training Division, will serve as chairman of a
To enable the best working committee formulated by Paul capacity of the travel bureau, y.' McNutt, chairman of the the cooperation of all students War. Manpower Commission, who are planning to drive home correlate a coordinated plan must be had. The registration sys- n ,• j j? tern will be used in place of the meeting the need of the bulletin board m the Library but Army, the Navy and war inwill operate for vacations only, and dustries for a continuing SUp-
all students are urged to take ad- ply of engineers, chemists, physi- . ,
vantage of this opportunity. The bu- cists and other scientific and pro- commiB^ions and ratings offered to college
leau will be in no way binding to fessional personnel required in the
students, but will serve as a contact war program,
method foi rides and riders” who Reviews Manpower Problems possibly might not know one an- . .
Ihe committee is reviewing the
. i „ various manpower problems relatoub e File System U.sed / jjjg utilization of college and
than a million dollars in royalties from his many radio patents, now offers Uncle Sam a detection plan for submarines, as a
means of guarding the country’s coasts.
Mf. Miessner’s scheme would put “listening posts for subs” all along the coast. Small 5 to 10-watt radio transmitters —— would be sealed in buoys, to
Reserve Plan Offers Inactive Status In Army" Editor’s Note: This is the fourth in
students by the armed farces of the United
States.
coastwise shipping lanes. Mounted in each buoy would be a submerged microphone adapted for picking up submarine sounds. With this underwater mike modulating the radio transmitter, sounds of any submarine ventuiing into the vicinity, could be picked up by directional shore receivers, or receiving sets on
There are ten new members and ,twenty-five 'oId members in the orchestra this-summer, and, although this is just about — half of the usual winter or-
chestra, the instrumentation and balance have not suffered. According to Ragains, the violin section is far superior to any other that the orchestra has eved had in ability and techniqae. The reed, brass, and percussion sections are much smaller as far as the
Educational, agricultural and jjumijer of players is concerned, but rural youth leaders from all sec- they are complete.
Rural Youth To Meet Here August 17-21
tions of the state will gather on the campus August 17 for the fifth annual Rural Youth School eonduct-
The enlisted reserve plan offers means for the student to enroll
in the armed forces in an inactive be provided for the anti-submarine
The hew concerfmaster is Kenneth Roquemofe, a Chemical Engineering student, who has studied under Sametini at the Chicago Mu-
. fars sical college. Roquemore comes
scattered all along the coast would '>•»"> “«!’»»'«'• >■“
in the orchestra for two years. Don
nearby patrolling aircraft and ed by the 4-H club department in
ships. In this way, local “radio cars”
Bureau. Over 180 young people and
status, with the expectation of con- forces, which could tune in one buoy leaders are expected to attend Frier, who plays first trumpet, is
tinuing in college for at least some position after another, listening the school which continues until
A double-file system will be em- university facilities and the plans time before being ca),led for active carefully to any suspicious sounds. August 21. ployed in registration — one for suggested by various groups repre- duty. Men enlisted under this plan Directional underwater mikes Dean Harry J. Reed of the School those students who wish a ride, the senting higher-^education to meet not liable for induction under would be rotated continuously, with Agriculture Cyrus Dyer of the other for students with car space these pioblems. The committee will Selective Service. reference to a compass signal in- Indiana Farm' Bureau, and Irma available. The destination of each, shortly make its recommendations This information is compiled by dicafing position, so that direction Winkleblack of the 4-H club staff the school and the home addresses, to the War Manpower Commission the American Council on Education, of “sub” sound could be determined, open the program Monday aftr telephone numbers, etc., will be the with respect to the policy and action and was released on June 20, 1942, Wave-Action Power ernoon with a discussion on “What information on each card. necessary to bring about the fullest and is subject to changes occurring Mr. Miessne^’s plan further con- This Conference Offers Rural
The Office of Defense Trans- Possible use of the institutions of after that date. Information about tej^ipfates an air-compressor cham- Youth.” A get-acquainted session Overture, Die Pledermaus Strauss
portation stresses that students ride higher learning in the war program, the opportunities offered by Civil ber in each buoy producing pressure and an opening mixer will be feahome with a full car—if car ca- Other members of the committee Service will soon be tabulated by the fluctuations by wave action, as in tured Monday night,
pacity is five, be sure that five go are James V. Forrestal, Under Sec- Council.
the present manager of the organisation. Don is also a Chemical Engineering student, and he is a resident of West Lafayette. Hubert Forbes, the orchestra librarian, is from Kendalville, Ind., and is a
member of the flute section. The program for this afternoon’s
Concert is:
instead of two or three. On the other hand, the administration suggests that cars not be overloaded ■—this would cause additional and unnecessai'y hazards on the roads
and highways.
retary of the Navy; Major General Lewis B. Hershey, Director of the Selective Service System; G. H. Doir, Special Assistant to the Secretaiy of War; Arthur S. Flemming, member of the United States Civil Sei'vice Commission, and Wendell Lund, Director of the Labor Production Division of the War
Production Boaid.
Debris To Hold Frosh, Soph Callouts Monday
At 4 In Debris Office Conference Meets
At Battleground
Marine Corps Candidai'es . . . will be selected from any university participating in the reserve plan within the limits of the quotas assigned to that institution. Age limits for enlistees are from 17-22 for fieshmen, 18-23 for soph-
with I. H. Hull and Larry Branden of the Farm Bureau discussing “How the Farm Bureau Can Help.” On Tuesday evening, E. C. Foust, editor of the Hoosier Farmer; Hassil Schenck, president of the Farm
the ease of whistling buoys. These Tuesday Is Fkrm Bureau Day
pressure variations would be used to operate an air motor for driving a generator to recharge the storage battel ies supplying the radio trans-
mitter power.
“Submarine activity near any one of these radio buoys along the
omoies, 19-23 Vij for juniors, 20-27 shipping lanes would immediately Bureau and Mrs. RussCll Cushman for seniors, and 20-30 for graduate be heard and the location apptoxi- sjxth district S. and E. director will students. Those who enlist will be mately determined according to the conduct a Farm Bureau Diseus'sidrr.
lated as Private First Class, Marine location of the buoy transmitting
Corps Reserve, until called to active the loudest sounds. The whole prob- Wednesday s program will be deduty. lem is not a difficult one,” says Mr. 'voted to how the University cap The students enlisted under this Miessner, “and the buoy transmit- youth work and Thursplan will be called to duty only ters used need not cost more than ® discussions will bring out how upon graduation, or will be given $100 or so apiece. A few hundred of rural youth can help themselves. SIX months’ notice if they are to be them along the Atlantic Coast farewell party and dance will be called piior to this. After their as- should afford a great deal of pro- Thursday evening and the signment to active duty, they will tection because submarine activity school will close after a fin^l baPhold the lating of Private First along the ship lanes would immedi- Quet Friday noon. Class for three months. After this ately be heard.” Rural Leaders Discuss
<3 , , nu : Battleground, have been listening to per,or, the lecommended candidates Mi. Miessner now has his private Topics to be discussed include: Sophomore workers will be eli-Halks, attending seminars and cook- be appointed as Second Lieu- laboratory at Morristown, New Jer- “Planning for 1943 ” “Looking Fo^hlP rn ■npiir.inn inr mmm* in +hoiv nixrn rnrin pnnnpmf ivpIt? i j_ _• i ___ ® * o''
Minuette, L’Arlesienne
Suite . • Bizet Morrie Dance, Torch Dance, Hfenry Vi;H • German
Tuesday will be Farm Bureau day Triumphal March, Sigurd
Methodist Youth
Summer call-out for freshman and sophomore workers for the Debus editorial staff will be held Monday afternoon at 4 in the Debris workshop on the second floor of the
Union.
This week-end the students in attendance at the Methodist Youth Conference, which is being held at
ing their own food cooperatively since 6:30 on Friday afternoon. The theme of the conference is “Youth Facing Woild Constiuction,” and it is open to the youth of college age and older from northwestern
gible to petition for junior jobs in the December elections. No ability or previous expeiience is necessary. The woik consists of mounting pictuies, writing stories about the pictuios in the Debris, arranging
'Bi^ question being threshed out ^chedule.s for picture taking, and diana. behind the scenes is—who will ad- t-ai>ks necessary for the publi- The conference
minister the piogram? cation of the University annual. £be University 'Wesley Foundation est Marine Corps Recruiting Sta-
Tbe War Department is strong Debris is being published every with the Rev. E. R. Balsley, student tion. for placing compulsory manpower two semesters and much work le- Methodist pastors, as businessjnan- Guai’d RcSCfVG
. . . cadetships are open to the
tenants and given additional tiainmg. Unsuccessful candidates will be transferred to other branches of the Maiino Coips or will be discharged, according to the discretion of the
Commandant.
Applications for this branch of
sponsored by service should be made to the near-
sey, wheie he has purchased the -ward to Marriage,” “Rural Youth
large estate of the late Theodore N. Vail for his dwn country home.
Tau Beta Pi
Club Problem s,” “Recreation,” “Dramatics” and other topics which are of interest to the rural leaders. Special entertainment features are planned for each evening from
... all engineering honorary will 9:30 until 10:30. Much time wil^be hold a summer initiation next Tues- allowed for special recreation, folk day. The ceremony will be followed and social dancing, swimming, by a banquet in the Union. bowling, tennis and other spdrts.
Jorsalfar . . . Grieg Overture, Rosaraunde. Schubert Patriotic Fantasia Reibold
Penalty Days By action of the Executive Committee, August 21 and 22 are penalty days and any student who is nhseitt from classes on either of these days is subjeet to a fine of $&.Q0 for each day missed. Excuses for absence cannot be granted on either of these two day^ hut any student who anticipates absence and feels that he has a legitimate reason for asking relief from the penalty fee may put such request in writing and mail to the Dean of Men’s Office. These letters will be read hetiteen terms and if the reason given for absence is not acceptable, a penalty fee notice will be sent. ^ . Please do not come to the Dean of Men as it wiU be impossible to grant personal interviews on this matter. F. 1. Goldsmith, Dean of Men
controls in the hands of local draft mams to be done on the December boards,! add this was so provided in issue. The staff has been limited in
ager, and Rev. R. R. Blake of Rockville as dean of the conference. Dr.
=3 aLordire/coiieSVSivVsity From Petting To Wood Tires
McNutt, by Granville Clark, lor expeiience and advancement at be the special Sunday speaker. The have had at least one semester
to
prominent Wall Street lawyer, the present time. Workers will re> However, McNutt was definitely ceive journalistic training while
cool to this idea.
See MERRY-GO-ROUND, page 2
five commission seminars were under the direction of Dr. John W.
writing the necessary information Tenant, of Greencastle, and Dr. Earl about t|[ie pictures. W. Pittenger, of Kokomo.
St, Elizabeth Hospital Keeps Record Of All Case Histories
!
By Mary Jordan histones of everything from a simple tonsillectomy to an acute case of rocky mountain spotted fever aie kept in the recoid room of the St. Elizabeth hospital. Organized at the same time as the hospital, in 1898, the records now fill lilies reaching from floor to coiling in two rooms. It takes a personnel of four: a registered medical libiarian, her assistant, and two stenographers, to keep them in order. Charts Cross-Indexed They cross index each patient’s chart alphabetically, and post operations and diseases according to the standard nomenclature system. This system consists of a code number for each disease or operation,
and another for each complication. Foi example, ihe code number for appendicitis might be 058. If the appendix had burst, it might go by the additional identification -10. Thus, if a doctor wanted to read up on all cases of burst appendix, the librarian would bring out all the
Records Of Operation
Before leaving the operating room, the sqrgeon dictates a description of his operation into a sound scriber, similar to a dicta-
phone. The record librarian then be appointed as Coast Guard Replays it back and types it onto the serve Cadet and givep from two to report blank. A mistake is never three additional months of training.
of trigonometry and an additional semester of college mathematics. Cadetships will also be offeied to men entei ing upon their senior year in college. If these applications are accepted the men will be allowed to continue on an inactive status until their graduation, when they may be
called for active service.
Age limits for this- branch are from 20-30 years at enlistment. Parental consent is required if the cadet is a minor. Except in the case of college seniors, immediate call to active duty is contemplated. Upon enlistment, the men will be given the rating of Apprentice Seaman, whibh they will hold for one month of active duty, when they will
News Clippings Show Effect Of War
By Ole Lednew
War and indirect results of t'he war have had a piofound effect on the lives of thousands of Americans, but some interesting sidelights have come to the fI ont by way of several newspaper clippings garnered from papers throughout the country. A Chicago paper recently reported that mothers were being warned as the University of Wisconsin sought to halt campus petting. It seems that a Univeisity of Wisconsin drive to clear the campus of stray couples after nightfall had brought a policewoman’s plea that all mothers keep a tagfitex lem on their teen-age daughters.
D. A .Takes Over
The di'ive has aheady lesulted in ariest of half a dozen couples. Some paid v.ourt fines while others chose to forfeit bail in order to avoid appearances in court. The matter has been placed in the hands of
cards with the code number 068-10. erased, but a line is drawn through and, if successful, appointed as En- attorney and C. A. Dykstra, President of
The department keeps complete records of everyone admitted to the hospital no matter how minor the ailment. These recox’ds, kept in three major divisions—an identification section, a medical section, and a nurse’s section—are useful in case the patient is I’eadmitted to the hospital! They are also used for scientific research and working out statistical data.
sign. Naval Reserve, on active duty
with the U. S. Coast Guard.
All applications should be sent to the Commandant, U. S, Coast
Guai'd, Washington, D. C.
Merchant Merino Cedets
. . . are awarded to holders of at letter to the editor of the local paper calling for the
any doubt that the maker of the least 12 units from accredited sec- pi’ohibitionists to refuse to ride on rubber tires made
will was of sound mind, they merely ondary schools, including three synthetically from grain alcohol, look at the nurse’s recoi’d for that units of English, one unit in mathe- “Evil Industry”
day to settle the argument. See RESERVE PLAN, page 4 “Fellow prohibitionists,”' he said, “let us fefuse
and the correction made. This is done in case of court proceedings, because records Which have been
ciasod are not legal.
Hospital records gro oJton brought to light in case a will, made in the hospital, is contested. If thei'e is
the University, says that he is in favor of doing anything to keep the campus clean. We don’t see the connection between this and the war, but it is still
interesting.
Down in Nashville, Tennessee, an ardent prohibitionist crowned himself with glory when he sent a
to use this product of an evil industry in any shape, form, or fashion as we have in the past. We had rather walk than ride on tires made of alcohol.” Some people don’t appreciate something good when they have it, but walking’s not crowded and if ha wants to walk, that is his business. Lipstick Curtailed Most college men were extremely interested when they learned that the produtcion of lipstick, nail polish, face powder, xouge and other sources of tell-tale information would be sharply emtailed to make more chemicals available for the war effort. We always knew that the above pVoduets possessed some attraction, but this is the first time that we have discovered the attraction to be chemical. Wooden Tires for Trucks Up in Minneapolis, ffiinnesota, wooden tires are now being used by the 'twin Cities newspaper service to deliver Minneapqlis pqwspapeps. The service has applied fox' patent^ on. the new style wooden tire which they Say make^.thd trucks steer easier, although they are noisier than rubber. The tires are composed of 36 wooden blocks bolted tojl'ether and held ip place with an irop: band. Trucks equipped wRh these'tires have a top speed of only 15 mites per hour, but .more deliveiues can be made per day because wood is plentiful and cheapi This ah goes to show that “where there’s a wiU there’s a way” ithd if there’s not, we’U wake OB^e^|I#P'''' "’%..iv
Itr'".
Sv
Exponent Editorial Page Sunday, August 9, 1942
W''lift, Srififi’.','
Purdue Exponent
Offices: Editorial and Business, Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Pieidhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Editor-in-Chicf N«ws ISditor Mnnnfrine Editor Sporifi Editor. Business Manager Circulation Manager.. Coed Eldilor
John F. Amos Don T. Brophy ..John H. Armstrong Robert L. Hadiey ... William D. MiUard ..Ken K. Gjemre ...Alice Chatfield
Publication Staff
i Associate Editors Editorial Staff: R. W. Boswinkle, D. E. Butz, W. G. Hoskins, A» 1\ HunUr, D. W. Ochiltree, W. E. Rafert. Sport.'? Staff: 1). E. Brewer, J. S. Dawson, E. L. Karpick. •Coed Staff: Sally Be-all, Charlotte Hass, Jean Lauer.
Business Staff
Cued Business Manager: Julia Marlin. Advertising Managers: J. M. Wright, D. L. Johnson. Circulation Manager: G. H. Klouman. Accounts Manager: Trena Torrenga. Junior Coed Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane Keim.
Staff For This Issue
Nifrlil Editor: Boswinkle Issue Editor: Murphy
D.oy Editor: Lauer Sports Editor: Brewer Heporters: Abbett, Miller, Vegh, Jordan, Ackermaii.
. Enlorcd ns second class matter at th^post office in Lafayelle, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at Ibc Kpeciol rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of Ociol cr 3. 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published on V/cdn'sii.oy, Friday and Sunday mornings during the 8umr.'.i’i' srmislir and daily except Monday during the fall and wiiittr semi .St'rs. Delivered locally hy carrier for $1.25 for cummer .m mest'-r ; mailed subscription $1.50. : Rfjiresenied for national advertising hy National Advertising Si-rvicc, Inc.; College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Passive Treachery
' Headlines in yesterday’s paper proclaimed t|ial Gandhi asserted that he was really striving to help Britain in a “time when they are in difficulty and gping down”. Gandhi stated, too, that he would appeal to tite United States, China and Russia to intercede with the British to persuade her to grant
India freedom now.
‘J There was a time when we wouid h^ve appft’oved any attempt on the part of our government to aid India in obtaihing dominion sfaL^is. But that time was before ^was found that the Mahatma planned to negotiate with J«paiT should his demand be granted. It was bs'fore he made it perfectly clear that, freedom or not, he favored limiting resistance to
the non-violent foi'm.
Gandhi has waited until Russia stands facing Germany with her back against a wall and the Japanese foi'ces waiting to come over the wall. He has waited until the British are oh the verge of opening a second front; the Germans are hammering the British far inside Eg^ptp-and the Japanese have had time
to consolidate their gains in Burma for an attack nov/ that the rainy season is ended. Is it likely that anyone who hoped for an allied vLctory would choose such a time to push his
demands?
The greatest stumbling block in India itself to complete separation from Britain has been that the groups of people themselves refused to agree and copperate. The All-India Con-* gross Party, controlled by Gandhi, is the largest .single group in the country, but it represents only a small part of the total population. Gandhi seems to believe that he will be able to persuade the Japs to lay down their arms and become wonderfully cooperative when he talks to them. If Gandhi has such; powers why hasn’t he used some of tfiem to form unity among his own nation ? /the only difference between Gandhi and any quisling in Europe is that he has absolute control over a great many more people.
The Summer Ratio
8.44
\
to 1
Ediior's Note: Well .some liked the ratio last Friday, and some didn’t. If you didn’t like the “Chemistiy of a Ki.ss,” just wait until the “Chemistry of a Woman” is written up! That’ll be a wow!
TODAY WE’VE GOT A REALLY NEAT PHYLOSOIfllY FOR THE DAY: This really is phylosophy, too: ■ Bad Men (or most college eds). Want their women .: To he just like cigarettes. ; . .1 ^ Just so many, all slender and trim . ;....In,a case ' ; Waiting in a row \ To be selected, set aflame I And when the fire has died out, I Discaided. 1 More fastidious men: ■ J Prefer women I Like cigars. ' I Which are more exclusive, ; Look better, and last longer; ‘j Yet the brand is good and ■: They aie never given away. I Kind and considerate men: I Treat women " I Like pipes j And become attached to them j The older they become, j When the flame has burnt out ! They still look after them. Knock them gently (but lovingly), i And care for them always: ; No man shares his-pipe.
English professor, “Doc” McKee, ought to like that one.
5 The Betas are having trouble with their publicitypekjngneighbors, it seems. One of their fraternity
OLmmsm mei»v-«o-roim>
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Drew Pearson
(Continued from page 1) Some of the President’s labor advisers also have balked at the Granville Clark plan, but for a different reason. These advisei’s feel that, while labor has little representation in the Manpower Commission, it has even less on local draft boards, composed largely of business and professional men. So a second bill has been written by Oscar Cox, brilliant Assistant Solicitor General, authorizing the President to vest war labor controls in the agency he considers best fitted for the job. Insiders who know the score are betting that this provision, rather thdn the Clark proposal, will be in the final bill which is sent to Congress. • LiHie Brazilian Rubber With Congress and the WPB still,trying to bring order into the synthetic rubber program, it has just leaked out that we will get almost no natural rubber from Brazil this year. This makes the synthetic rubber program all the more important. Also this is in direct conflict with what the country has been led to expect. After the Brazilioii mission, headed by Finance Minister Souza Costa, came to Washington in February ,it was announced that we could expect between 60 and 70 thousand tons of rubber from the Amazon alone this year. This would be only a tenth of the normal U. S. requirements, but it would be more rubber than Brazil has ever produced, even in the lush days of wild rubber. . But the inside story today is different. We will be doing well to get 12 or 14 thousand tons. A lot of rubber is coming out of the Amazon'Valley, but not to,the United Stated Out of 1,428 tons pi’oduced in May only 263 tons Were shipped to us. • South America Needs Tires Explanation is that South America needs tires just as we do. And South America is willing to bid higher. A Rubber Reserve expert, Douglas Allen, has now gone to Brazil and made a price 'agrement, but meanwhile, Latin American buyers were bidding rubber to the skies. The price solution, however .still does not bring rubber out of South America. For although the United States will now buy all of Brazil’s exportable surplus, most of it will never get to the United tSates. Instead, it will be resold by the U. S. to other Latin American countries. We have been forced to recognize the indisputable requirements of other countries, and will supply those requirements by buying Brazil’s raw rubber and Brazil’s tires, and re-selling them to the most deserving customers. What little is left over will come to the United States. • Capital's Social Problem The vice squad of Washington’s Metropolitan Police h^s noticed in the last, few weeks the re-appear-ance of unhealthy signs reminiscent of World War 1. Thousands of soldiers and sailors are footloose in Washington every day. And hundreds of young women are arriving every day—many to work, but not all. Ray H. Everett, 'expert in Washington’s social problems, told a Congressional Committee that “there is far too much street solicitation and disease-breed-ing activities by members of the ‘oldest profession’. It was reported not long ago that 31 soldiers named one Washington prostitute as their source of infection; If any considerable part of this report is authentic, certainly a whole Japanese regiment could not do much more damage.” A survey of the first million men inducted into the Army showed that there were 45.2 cases of syphilis per thousand for the country as a whole. But for Washington, the rate was 103.1 per thousand—the highest rate among the cities of 600,000 to 1,000,000 population. This age-old problem has taken on a new urgency in war-time Washington—with new complications. Chief of these is the influx of great numbers of young girls who land in Washington on the rebound from parental restrictions at home. In an effort to solve this complication, Washington police have asked Civil Service not to hire girls for work in Washington if they are under eighteen.
Personnel Notes Civil Service To Hold
ird Examination
‘Mother always wants me to confide in her—-but I don’t know what good it would do her—at her age!’’
University Calendar Week of August 9-15
Naval Ordnance Laboratory, Navy Yard, Washington, D. oC.— Coming Monday and Tuesday, August 10 and 11. Also interviewing for Bureau of Ships and Naval Research Laboratory. Interested fti ME, EE and Physicists. Sigti in Personnel Office at once. United Air Lines, Chicago Illinois —Coming Wednesday and Thursday, August 12 and 13. Interested in student with 2-4 years of Engineering Training. Sign in Personnel Office before 4:00 p. m., Tuesday, August il. Naugatuck Footwear Plant, U .S. Rubber Co., Naugatuck, Connecticut —Coming Tuesday, August 11. Interested in August and December ME. Sign in Personnel Office before 4 p. m., Monday, August 10. Naugatuck Chemical Division of United States Rubber Company, Naugatuck, Connecticut — Coming August 14 and 16. Fairchild Aviation Corporation, Jamaica, New York—Interested in ME seniors. Sign, in Personnel Office by Monday, August 17. Universal Cooler Corporation, Marion, Ohio — Interested in ME senior. Sign in Personnel Office by Monday, August 17. Ball Brpthers Company, Muncie, Indiana—Interested in August or December Science students. Sign iii Personnel Office by Monday, August
10.
Ray-O-Vac Company, Madison, Wisconsin—Interested in ChE, ME, and EE. Sign in Personnel Oflice by Monday, August 17.
Sunday, August 9 3:00 P.M. Univer.sity Orcho.stfa North Ballroom, Union 6;00P.M. Chinese Students Club Banquet Lincoln Lodge 6:30 P.M. Purdue Hillel Foundation.... .....Rooin 303, Union Monday, August 10 4:00 P.M. P. O. M. M. Business Meeting........Armory 7:00 P.M. Reamers Meeting Room 304, Union 8:00 P.M. Tau Kappa Debate......... ...;.Eliza Fowler Hall Tuesday, August 11 4:00 P.M. Com. on Slate of Univei'sity.. Room 263, Union 6:00 P.M. Tau Beta'Pi Initiation........; ;.Room 366, Union 6:00 P.M. Tail Beta Pi Banquet E. Faculty Lge., Union 7:00 P.M. Christian Science Organization Room 303, Union 7:00 P.M. Alpha Phi Omega Meeting Room 307, Union 7:30 P.M. Making Mo.st of Your Home—• Mrs. R. B. Stewart Room 263, Union Wednesday, August 12 • ' . ! 7:00 P.M. First Aid Meeting.... Room 305, Union 7:00 P.M. Chi'istian Fellowship Meeting...;....Room 307, Union 7:30 P.M. Univer.sity Bridge Group E. Faculty Lge., Union Thursday, August 13 3:00 P.'M: ficreen Review ....Hall of Music ' 8:00 P.M. Soc. of Profe.s.sional Engineers Room 263, Union Friday, August 14 4:00 P.M. Cosmopolitan Club Mooting Room 304, Union 7:80 P.M. 1. Ae. S.,Meeting.. Room 108, M. E. Bldg. 8:30 P.M. Gary Club Summer Formal N; & S. Ballrooms, Union Saturday, August 15 12:00 noon Rec. Ass’n. for Am. Industry E. Faculty Lge., Union 6:00 P.M. Graduate Council .....Rooms 332-334, Union 7:00 P.M. Purdue Order of Zouaves Rough Initiation Armoi'y 7:00 P.M. Rec. Ass’n. for Am. Industry....; E. PYculty Lge., Union 9:00 P.M. Rural Youth Dance W. Faculty.Lge., Union >
Navy To Interview Men For Research Work
Robert F. Moore, of the Washington, D. C., Naval Ordnance Laboratory, will bo on the carapu.s Monday and Tuesday to interview mechanical and electrical engineers and physicists with bachelor’s or advanced dcgree.s for positions with the Bureau of Ships and the Naval Re.search Laboratory. The work covers research, design, experimentation, and production involving eledtro-mechanical problems. The work does not; involve long range . research but rather immediate technical problems of interest to the armed forces. It deals with problems involving naval mines, aircraft bombs, ammunition, and mine countermeasures — some of the highest Naval 'priorities. Additional information concerning these jobs may bo had by going to the Personnel Office before ■ 10 a. m. Saturday.
For the third time this year the. United States Civil Service Com-' mission is holding its Junior Professional Assistant examination for college students. Federal positions! paying $2,000 a year, connected with important war activities, will be filled by those attaining an eli-' gible rating. Applications must be; filed with the Commission in Washington, D. C., by Augufst 27. . Planned For College Students ■ . Planned primarily to recruit col-, lege students who will graduate in the summer session, the examination consists of a general test designed to measure aptitude and general knowledge. College graduates, and senior students who will cpmplete their courses by Septernber 30, 1942, may apply. There i^re no age limits. No options are specified, although' qualified persons are pai'ticularly desired in the fields of business administration, public administration, economics, library science, statistics, and mathematics through calculus. Persons who received eligible ratings in the last Junior Professional Assistant examination announced April 13 need not apply, as appointments will be made from both lists established. Vacancies Exist Junior Professional Assistant positions pay $2,000 a year; however, in some cases vacancies exist which pay $1,800, $1,620, and $1,440 a year. These positions will be filled by persons willing to accept the lower salaries. Appointees will perform professional, subprofessional,-, technical, semi-technical, or clerical-, work in connection with varipua g'ovcrnment war activities. Announcements and forms for ap-,, plying' may be obtained at the Lafayette post office. . ,
'?— r-—^^—
A
^ NfeW Aaaii
ENRICHED BREAD . FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Qualify BAKERY
Everything jar a College Education DEAC’S
NOW SHOWING DOUBLE FEATURE
Look what's cookin'. It's the 'be$t dish of entertainment'they've'eVet ladled up! BOB HOPE BING CROSBY DOROTHY LAMOUR
ROAD TO ZANZIBAR ,—plus Drama from the Torrid Tropics . . Where Japs play with the American Navy . . . And Lose! PRISONER OF JAPAN with ALAN BAXTER GERTRUDE MICHAEL
In The Churches
rivals v/alked in their garage and swiped a locomotive bell, but maybe said rival needs it to pay oft' a mortgage or something. Whatever the case may be, the Betas took a Greek lettered sign as security until the “marauders of the night” get tired of ringing bells and bring the Beta’s ding-dong back.
THERE’S NOTHING LIKE CONTINUING DATES WITH OTHERS EVEN THO ONE TAKES A PIN—IS THERE % . . . says Theta Janet Bahlsj who took a Phi Delt pin from Wabash College last week-end, and still takes dates with Kappa Sigirta Otis Hill, who was seen with her “over at the house” at dinnei; Wednesday night. What about thdt, guyz and gaiz? Is he The only one ?
University Pre.sbyterian Church North & Grant Sts., W. Lafayette John W. Findley, Minister 101.30 a. m.—Morning Worship. Sermon topic; “By Their Fruits.” 9:30 a. m.--CIass in Religion. Discussion topic:“The Basis of a Duraole Peace.” The ; iSunday Evening Cliili will meet in the Church Lounge at 6:16 for a hike and picnic supper.
Staff Members Write Article For Magazine
C. R. Freberg and E. N. Kemler of the staff of the School of Mechanical Engineering are the authors of an article, entitled “Critical Speeds” in the Augu.st i.ssue of Product Engineering magazine. Di.scussed in the article are methods of calculating the speeds at wliieh machines are likely to be subject to damaging vibration.
SUN.-MON.
LUHA
2 HITS
THERE’S NO FOOL p*
LIKE AN OLD
FOOL... especially
with a shot of
Vitamin Z!
HUGH HERBERT
vmsmsm imtimv
TO THESHOIIES OF TilPQLI
JOHN MAUREEN RANOOim PAYNE • O’HARA • SCOTT
The Theta Chis had a big party last Friday night in the form of a radio dance. Who’s idea was it that the chaperone should wear a bright white suit ? Good idea tho, because one could see them coming in the dark in pleiity of time. Another question: Why was it that there was no one dancing all evening. Boy what a coverup. We’d like to know what was coming oft' in the cars parked around the house. MANY WAITED FOR THE JAN PEERCE CON VO, BUT THIS IS ALL THEY GOT: The first of the masses to leave the convo last Friday night before the first intermission were Sig Ep Harvie Merrily and Alpha Chi “Bunny” Edwards who made hptfo'ot down to a better program (they thought) at the Arc Theater! The Arc must have pretty good taste to oVer-rate the “Ungellagen,” “Aufgaben”, “Artois”, and “Adios with-a-boogie-beat” singing that echoed throughout the Music Hall. The singing was .superpurb. Also the way the aceompansit stalked and crept up on his piano during the breaks proved to be amusing. 0 well, what could an audience do if they couldn’t recognize the words or even the tunes of the song selections; they had to get enjoyment from something. Too bad he didn’t sing in “language”. They say he knows six languages; why can’t he sing in English?
Starts TODM UIRMSTtt
BUY WAR STAMPS AND BONDS AT THIS THEATRESpnidayf August 9, 1942
'“' ") lf?j.’'-'Ti j' -1 ' '^■'t I *■ ' ■> r^, f ^ ■' r, . ^ ^ ,j ^ ^ . I ^ ^'.t* '. ^ ' s - ‘ ^ , '' -T Bdilermakeir Sports l%fff *
All-Star Team Prepares For N ^ ‘ Battle With Chicago Bears CHICAGO, Aug. 8—^Windy City football fans turned out today to’ see the opening practice of the enormous All-Star ^rid squad, 75 in all, picked to oppose the Chicago Bears, professional champs, in Soldiers’ Field Augdst 28. Tommy Melton and Johnny Galvin, former Boilermaker pig.ikin aces, who played under Mai Elward’s guidance on the ip41 varsity eleven, were — ?Uliong the fearly arrivals who .. , * began the two weeks intensive ^OOSICrS DlStributC Wprk-out period previous to , .. the battle before an expected POSlOrSf LlSt HOHIC attendance of almost 100,000. I\ ir K ?uppke Leads Coaches UdlTIBSr 03(1 S DflY ^ The complete All-Star coaching ^ ■ staff, headed by Bob Zuppke, for- Bloomington, Ind., Aug. 8—Iniper mini varsity mentor, who com- diana university’s 1942 football jjleted 29 years of service to the posters, dressed up in a striking University of Illinois last fall, be- cream and crimson color eombinagari the workouts. Besides Coach tion and a 16-inch picture of CapZuppke, Homer Norton, Texas Ag- tain Robert White, have been disgies; Frank Leahy ,Notre Dame; tributed throughout the state of l^Urt Ingwersen, Northwestern; and Indiana and the middle west. !^on Stiner, 'Oiegon State, were Second Straight Year pyipsent to complete the coaching Captain White’s picture appears Bt^ff roster. on the poster for the second straight Expected to do the signal calling Following an lU football posfor the collegian team, Dick Erd- Captain Gene White’s Ittz, of Wildcat fame ,was back to photo appeared on the 1941 poster, his old stamping grounds—Dyche Gene White was a guard Stadium—under the supervision of P^^oe-kicker. Captain Bob Ingwersen, Northwestern mentor. better known as Whiz, will Mai Kutner, Texas University end Crimson eleven from his Who baffled the Southwestern con- f^l^back position. Operating from ference, along with Charles Ringer, backfield post, White last year lanky Gopher pass-snatch"er from f P®" ^"'P the hills of Minnesota, were on the ^ r g y The Indiana-Minnesota football ^ „ game Nov. 7 at Minneapolis has o -Leaders Present been designated as Dad’s Day by Others of the probable starting University of Minnesota athletic of-Ime-up, those who topped the na- fleials. The Hoosiers and Gophers tion-wide polling for the collegiate j^st tangled in 1937, when Minneaijuad, turned out with the 76 All- gota won a close battle, 6-0. Indiana, Star gridders. Jimmy Daniell, Ohio -with the great Corby Davis at the State, and A1 Blozis, Georgetown helm, was pounding at the Gopher bulky, leaders, for tackle position, goal line when the gun sounded, were in dress in Dyche Stadium, piay Kansas State Again i^irst string guards Bernie Grim- The football teams of Indiana mins, Notre Dame, and Bob Jeffries, and Kansas State will be meeting Missouri, drilled before the Chicago for the second time in history when abectators and pro scouts. the Big Six eleven comes to Me- ' Hi Others "of the first string eleven morial stadium on Nov. 14. to face the Chicago Bears are Vine The first game was played and Manonis, Dejj’oit center, slated to won by Kansas State in 1938 at ftip ^ 4he ' bMl for the collegians, Bloomington. Elmer Hackney, the ^rueer Smith, Gopher, and Steve K.S. fullback, proved to be the oneJnZwik, hard diiving Irishman, at man gang which wrecked the bMfback,positions, and Jack Giaf, Fightin’ Hoosiers. another Ohio State man, at fullback Indiana high school students bferth. ' J ‘i S" have been invited to attend any ^ While the All-Stars assembled to one or all of Indiana’s four home prepare for the clash, the exit of games against Butler, Sept. 26; tl^e Chicago* Bears was witnessed, Iowa, Oct. 24; Iowa’s Seahawks, as the pro champs adjourned to Del- Oct. 31; and Kansas State, Nov. 14. afield, Wis., pn the St. John’s Mili- A special price of 50 cents has been tary Academy jgridiion. They had set by Athletic Director Z. G. Clevalready engaged in a week’s light enger and the athletics committee, practice oVi the lake front. A sched- . — ■ .. ule of two heavy woikouts per day of the scoie, winning four, as comWlll begin tonjorrow under the own- pared to two losses and two ties, er-coach George Halas. Heartly An- The Bears, themselves, have apd^rson, Paddy Driscoll, Jack Man- peaied three times before in the dpiSj and Luke Johnson complete annual engagement in Soldiers the pro coaching staff. Field. In 1934 they were held to a 'This year’s tussle will be the scoreles stie; in 1936 scoi'ed a 6-0 ninth annual contest between the knockout blow over the collegians, champs of the National League and and last season set the All-Stars be,t}he All-Star squad. The profes- hind the goal posts to the tune of sionals have been on the long side 37 to 13.
Q ports Communiquejn Tekes Meet Phi Taui Tuesday Night O ^ In Interiraternity Softball Finals
Comfort and Security Away from Home HOTEL FOWLER Blue Blazer Tap Room Walnut Room Cafe Air Conditioned 4th ond Ferry Sts. ^ Lafayette
This week will see some colorful afterthoughts of the summer softball*' season. “Colorful” is very likely as kind an adj'ective as can |be applied.' Anyhow at approximately 6:30 CWT on Wednesday the stalwarts of the Gimlet and Reamer Clubs are scheduled to clash in some corner of Intramural Field with no holds barred and God help the umpire. Special bleachers will probably not be erected to hold the crowd. ' Incidentally any Gimlets desiring to sharpen their spikes and get in the fray should call Hadley at the Sig Ep House before Tuesday evening. Anyone not desiring to play had better call, too. All members are classified 1-A. ' Lineups for the battle will be announced by the opposing managers on Wednesday. No information was obtainable concerning what was staked on the outcome of the conflict. Naturally we haven’t any ideas to mr on the subj'ect. ' Thursday evening, also at 6:30, after the Wednesday'wreckage has been cleared away, the Senior Mets will meet the sluggers of'Pi Tau Sigma on Intramural Field. The Mets, undefeated last summer, bit the dust unaccountably before a motleji crew of Chems last .week. With a complete roster and in a more stable condition, they should provide tough opposition in the tilt with the Mechanicals, who jiave been successful in two starts against the ME facu|ty. and the ME “Five-Year Men”. r, It begins to appear that the Chicago Cubs’ “MagnWeenp Mistake” of last year, Lou Novikoff, is going to be worth all the filthy lucer paid out by P. K. Wrigley, of gum-chewing f@me. Early this season, the Mad Russian appeared to be hopelessly entrenched in an extremely hitlesS state of affairs. His first year with the Cugs had been a dismal exhibition, indeed, for he had a sad .241 batting average to show for his ef^forts, and was eventually sent to Milwaukee of the American Associa-
tion.
True, he won the A. A. batting championship with an average of .370 in 90 games, but in early games with the Cubs this year, he appeared as mystified as ever by big league hurling. In his few appearances in April and May, he was hitting only .220. Finally, he was given a chance to play regularly, and he hasn’t been out of the lineup since. What’s more, his batting average at firesent is a very respectable .315. The “California Commissar” holds the unique distinction of having been the leading hitter in every minor league in which he has played. He spent his first year in the lowly Western State League, and from there, Lou went on to outclass the hot Texas League, proving-grounds of the Dean brothers. The following season found Lou Novikoff leading the fast Pacific Coast League and soloing on a harmonica over the P. A, system on the side, as a member of the Los Angeles Angels. From there, Lou went to the Cubs, and it seems the 27-year-old outfielder is up to
stay.
Gimble Winner From Burris Tops Hoosier All-Star Polling By Joe Dawson With the tabulation of the first three days’ ballots completed, Kenny Brown, Gimble medal winner from Burris of Muncie, has jumped into the lead in the poll to determine the top ten Hoosier high school basketball players who will meet a similar outfit from Kentucky the night of August 28, This fourth annual contest will be held this year at the Coliseum _ / t „ . r . , ,, , . Biggs, from Jeff of Lafayette. Max at the Indiana State Fair- standout at center for the grounds. Broncos all season and was considBrown, the 6 ft., 5 in. center, writers as one of the who will in all probability en- finest pivot men m the state. He is ter the University this fall, present time and will be eligible for holds a 300-vote lead over Bill varsity competition at the end of Lodge of Madison. Jake Luther, the semester next Chiistmas. ' sparkplug of the amazing Lawience Three from Washington Central Bears, is in third place. Three players from the championlargely due to the strong backing ship Washington High School team of the fans around Indianapolis. are receiving strong backing Ertel Climbs throughout the state. Charlie HarJim Ertel, giant center from Tip- mon, clever colored forward who ton and brother of Mark"Ertel, for- received the greatest number of mer All-American from Notre votes from the spoits writers in the Dame, has climbed into the fiist ten original poll, has slipped to eighth with a strong backing throughout place but is expected to remain in the state. Jim has already made the top ten nevertheless, known the fact that he will enioll Jim Riffey, great center of the here in the fall. Kenneth Cage, Hatchets, is in ninth place. Accordtricky little ball hawk also fiom ing to latest reports from the UniTipton, is staging a strong bid foi veisity, Jim also will enioll here a position in the select ten. He in- during registration in a couple of tends to play college ball under weeks. With Blown, Biggs and Piggy Lambert along^ with Ertel. Riffey all coming heie, Lambeit A local player who has a fine should have little or no tiouble at chance of making the squad is Max the pivot position.
By Jim Ackerman
In a battle of pitchers, Hajzyk versus Hodapp, the Tau Kappa Epsilon team will meet the aggregation from the Phi Kappa Tau house to decide the fate of the interfratemity softball crown for this summer semester. This^ spectacle will take place this coming Tuesday eve-
ning at 6:30 on diamond 1, Intramural Field.
The Tekes, who came through the regular season with but two losses, will be the favored team. Phi I^appa Tau had lost five of their eighteen games to reach the playoffs. Of the tw"® losses of the Tekes, only one game was played, as they forfeited the first game they had scheduled to Sigma Chi. The other game which they played,
and lost, was with Alpha Gamma Rho, The AGRs defeated them in a slugfest of 19 to 7, when the Tekes, too overconfident, failed to gain ground after a slow start, ’
Phi Taus Lose Five During Season ‘
Phi Kappa Tau lost to the Betas, Alpha Tau Omega, Kappa Delta Rho, and two" other squads. The ATOs, one of the Phi Taus conquerors, were the ones who the Tekes defeated, 6-0, i in the semi-finals last Thurs-
day night.
The Sigma Pis were first to drop to the Phi Taus in the
Johnson Likely To Face Former Teammates Here Bob Johnson, “ironman” soph-
omore center of last fall, may
be aligned against the Boiler- ' ' makers on the gridiron this season. The following Ward Softball
Johnson, who was somewhat of a games will rfe played Monday eve- pluyoffs while the Phi Kappa
IM Schedules
sensation in his first year of varsity ning: competition when he went the full Diamond
route in the first seven games on the Purdue schedule and played all but three minutes in the Indiana finale, is now a seaman, second class, stationed at Great Lakes. It won’t surprise Riveter fans if “Iron Man” Bob is in the Great Lakes
Imposing Nicknames
The nickname of Riveter’s ten
Ward 1 vs. Dairy. Ward 2 vs. Ag. Chem.
Ward 9 vs. Pharmacy.
Ward 25 vs. Ward 26.
Agronomy vs. Ward 29.
aggregation was the next. Not until the last half of the sixth inning were the Phi Kappa Taus able to push a run across the plate to
defeat Phi Kappa. Chester Leads Scoring
Bob Chester was the influencing
iuaii lo in unc viicai, uancs Fraternity Hoi’seshoe Doubles character as he laid down a single, lineup when the Sailors meet the Tournament will start Monday eve- stole second, and scored on a Boilermakers at Lafayette on No- ning, August 10, at 6:30 p. m. Com- ' ® ® vember 7. petition will consist of two matches Osterling, singled and
on Monday and two matches on on a sacrifice by Newhauser. Wednesday, August 12, at 6:30 p. made the score 4 to 3 in favor
m. The eight top teams will start Taus.
football foes this fall are almost as jjj round Thursday, Two of Phi Kappa Taus losses imposing as the teams themselves. August 13, at 6:30 p. m. Twenty- are blamed on the sickness of their Rams, Badgers, and Wildcats call participation points for enter- pitcher. Bob Hodapp, who was prefer a little taming; Sailors, Com- ^yg points to the winner and vented from participating in two
The Inter-Fraternity Swimming Meet is to be held Thursday evening, August 13. The following is
the order of events:
modores and Cyclones will test the three to runper-up Boilermakers’ sea legs; Hawkeyes trophy and medals,
and Buckeyes will be out to hypnotize Burnham’s crew; Spartans require a lot of treatment, and Hoosiers are a tough foe in any league. Forrest “Frosty” Sprowl, selected as the most valuable player on Purdue’s basketball quintets of the past two seasons, has completed his “boot” training as a seaman, first class, at Great Lakes Naval Training Station, and has been assigned as a recreational director in one of the camps. Sprowl will probably be a leading candidate for the Great Lake^ quintet during the coming
season.
50 yd. Free Style. 100 yd. Back Stroke 100 yd. Breast Stroke 100 yd. Free Style Medley Relay, 3 men 50 yd. Back Stroke 50 yd. Breast Stroke
60 yd. Crawl Fancy Diving
3 required dives
3 optional dives
Conference rules limit the number
8:45
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. HARDWARE —PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
Usual team games which some of the boys thought they would have won if h®
had been there. Revenge On Sigs
In their first game in the playoffs the Tekes ran over Sigma'Chi to put them out of the matches. The peculiar thing about this is that last semester it was the Sig Chis who removed the Tau Kappa Epsilon squad from the finals in the
hardball championship.
This team from the Tau Kappa Epsilon house that is in the present playoffs is about the same that went to the above-mentioned finals. The main difference in the two teams of the Tekes was that Jim Love, the
, present athletic manager, did the of events to three for any one man, p^^.^ing while Bob Hajzyk does the me uding the relays Pool balcony ^ove plays shortstop will be open to the public. Please see „„ the present team, that all members of your team wear Hajzyk Paves Way ’ trunks. Please have your team at spectacular performances, the pool promptly at 7:30 p. m. Hajzyk usually leads the way. In Team tiophy and medals as usual, ^e plays varsity footTwo or more men constitute a team ball, but at the present he has for participation points. Fifty pitched two no hitters and one. onepoints fox* participating, ten for hitter in a row. His last game, which winner and five for runner-up. ^^3 ^be semi-final against the There will be an All-Campus Bi- ATOs, he allowed but one hit. In the
last week, to capture the play-offs cycle Race, Friday, August 14. All two previous contests he held Sigma in the All-Campus Bowling Tourna- contestants will stait at 7:00 at the Alpha Epsilon and Sigma Chi hftment. corner of Stadium Avenue and Uni- In the present season, he hZs Chalk Up 2549 versity street. The distance will be hurled about six no hitters. Placing first before the play- approximately 5 miles. All those their game with the Alpha T^u offs, following nine weeks of com- interested in cycling please Omega squad, the Tekes were able petition, the Alpha Tau Omega starting point promptly to push six runs across the plat# quintet proved its acuracy at pill P* eight hits to win this semi-final .offing, chalking up 2549 points, o„ Tuesday,^„st 18, 7.30 to rs''£zgor SptSg a’nd dLT With the Phi Kappa Tau runners- o n m will be stunt nio-ht fnr the ui j m’ i ^ luiaS and Deal en--ft,,. 0.11 Q rni,„ -Di,,- P*^* Will bc stunt night foi the abled the Tekes to score their runs.
public swimming groups. This will starting Line-Ups Listed
The probable starting lineup for
SAE aggregation rolled a total of fUends. The program will consist posed^of^av^Ederar third bas^i • , , , Ed Warzynski, playing left field: Members of the championship novelty relays, diving and specialty Bill Lynch, second; Bob Chester
Tr.,„i, j.a^3 There will be 25 events in shortstop; Bud Osterling, short Admission by ticket only. center; Paul Newhauser, catcher; The final game in the Fraternity Plummer, center Jield; Larry
Softball will be played Tuesday
evening on Diamond 1:
Tau Kapp Epsilon vs. Phi Kappa Tau. Umpires: Hites and Hender-
ATOs Capture
All-Campus Pill
Rolling Title Five men from the ATO house de-
feated their nearest rivals, the Phi
Kappa Taus, by over a hundred pins
up accounting for 2413. The Phi
Delt bowlers finished third in the be an opportunity for the children
tourney, with 2377 pins, and the to entertain their
team are Bob Rogers, Howdy Burkholder, Bill Mauck, John Kahler, all. and Howard Davis. A cup will be
presented to the winners.
BE SMART Take care of those clothes, you’ll want them to last for a long time .... Ptcwjt them, chamcL bij, by
Northwestern and Vine Sts.
Phone 4081
Sigma Alpha Epsilon . . . social fraternity, anriounces the initiation of W. F. Duesterberg, Vincennes; W. K. Fawcett, Marion, 111.; J. F. Flanagan, Kenilworth, HI.; W. E. Huston, Rochester, N. Y.; J. L. Lippert, Anderson; D. J. Martin, New Albany; C. K. Davine, Erie, Pa.; F. J. Girke, Indianapolis, and V. Tufts, Mane Mont, Ohio.
Notice All lockers in the Fieldhouse must be vacated before noon, Aug. 22, if the $1.00 key and towel deposit i& to be claimed. —CLEVE'TT
Thrasher, first sack; Stan Grandgiard, right field; and Bob Hodapp,'
pitcher.
Teke’s probable starting lineup, barring unforeseen incidents, will be as follows: Albert Chun, catcher; Don Shramski, center field; Jim Loce, shortstop; Bob Hajzyk, pitcher; Ken Metzger, keystone saqk; Ed Miyamaser, short center; Rodg*ers Spaulding, first base; Harold Cook, left field; Bill Jones, third base, and Forrest Deal, right fipld.
V/r THEJAFSf
Help the Treasury “Minute Men” nf America by quing tn the nearest stnre and buying ynur U. S. DEFEIVSE BONDS and STAMPS TODAYMji hf
-Wif lit
Putdiie Exjponent JL
SunSay^, Sugu^i % isk24
t^ntugasamamm
mi
History Of Mpnpn Shops Forms Ipteprd l(*art Qf City's Traditions
Notices
koad Huns Tracks Through Town After Heated Decide ^ ^ ? > * - M
6y t^at Miller
Taking trains apart and putting them back together is an occupation that has kept a large number of men busy in Lafi^tte since 1895 ;^hen the Monon Shops were first established at the north edge of the city. Before this time the shops ,
of the road, known technically as the Louisville, New Albany, Hall, and Chicago, had been located at New Albany since 1849. The
TKA Will Sponsor
Debate Tomt^rrow
fn Fowler Hall
Tau Kappa Alpha, national debating honorary, will .sponsor a debate for Speech 14 stndents at 8:30 tomorrow night in Eliza Fowler
III Offers Secretarial Positions To Women College Graduates Secretarial, stenographic, and clerical positions are open to women
at Indiana University.
Jan Peerce Singi
To Large Audience AtFinal Convocation ’Jan iPdetfte, VerSatire* tenor of opera, concert, and radio, entertained a large audience in the Hall of Music last night with his singing of songs in English, German, and French. The concert was divided into five parts, each part represent-
ing certain types of songs. The program opened with the
singing of ‘^Where’er You Walk,”
“Come and Tiip It,” and a recitative YounKbiood.
piece “Deeper and Deeper Still” by Camera Club: No picnic us oriainally anTJnnHoI Tlio onno' “PtiP fipvn nounced. BusinEss meotinK to oiitlinb next rianuei. me song, L/ne neio cos proKram wdl be hold Thmsday, Autume,” by Giovanni Lagrenzi con- gust i.i, at 7 .so p. m. No mcctinK tbja week.
■Union Publicity Commi,tte«f:.
StallinyB, Wj|ht,^ClaHon ^zry^ ^ Union Puttering; Shops Cotontfttde! Meet* itn>- Monday, AukniSt 10, at 1 -18 In UnloW ollice: Tom Coffins, .hm tinnnanfccn, Katie
Gannon, Anita Giitck, Bob
McMiuray. —KIBSTE.M
Sigma Della Chi Actives and
Rules ioi plodKC essay contest are pos^d on bulletin boaid in Exponent officO. Pletr|eS rend and observe. Call me at 8444 tor elat mention of any details. Dl^et meeting at 6:!0 p. m. Wedne^ny, Am'st 12. in Union, 750. -ARMSTRONG
D. D. Barla, L. L. Bonham. R. B. Bouahan, „’;?^)"*^,^^t^Band "^rat reason^bla W. K, Buinsidc. T. H. Curiv E. E Duscr, o1- RoBr^t once for paP-
All Science Scnlots: All those who plan to itladuate irt August call at Den Endeis’ oivice to flu out the necessary blunkH.
—ENDERS
SCA House Presidents: Copies of the minutes of the July 21 board meeting aio , available at the SCA box at the we'st desk y in the Union. —MOGVERO Tau Beta Pi Pledges: Here is a list of the activcBt J. H. Aimbtiong, R. T. Ball,
W. DeubtPi, W. J Frantv, D. A. Frost, 11. O. Iloiiriksen, A. W. Hubert, R. L. .Icnkins, W. G. KoCruer, R, S. Kolb, C. B. Leber, F. J/ McDonald, D.' W. Meici, H. M. Men ill, R. W. Orr, A. F. Pier, H. J. Reed, H. D. Sliekolb, W. L. Schalliol, W. S. Sliockeiiey, R. E. Spriiguo, R. J. Taylor, H R. Velkoll, R. J. Visin, R. A. vonBehrcii, W. C. Walker, H M. Whippo, D- K- Woltcr, J. T.
YOUNGBLOOD
prLcos.
ticulais.
-ROSS
-TRUEBLOOD
is: “Resolved:
resolution
One of the first train repairmen, named “John”, who was That a Congressman who was an
isolationist before December 7,
Reserve Plan ’(Continued *from~page I)
1941, should not be leelected in the
November elections.”
The speakers will be for the af-
olds,
motives would never wear out because they were made of iron. At the present time there aie about 830 men employed in the shops to sea that the trains do not wear out. History Of “Train-Hospital” Early in the history of this
graduation from ah accredited ^^an selections by Franz Schubert, high school with a major in the field dJe Leier” and “Ungcduld,” and of business education or its equiya- hvo by Johannes Brahms, “Die lent irt specialized training and ex- Mainacht” and “0 Liebhche Wanpeiience. College graduation or its gen.” Giacomo Meyerbeer's alia, “O
firmative: first. Faith Wayne, sec- eq^valent is the minimum require- Raradiso (L’Africana)” made up
matics and one unit in science. Age ond, Geoige Weiss; for the nega- ^jeat for the secretrial positions. part III.
requirements for this branch are tive: first. Bob Weiss; second, Jean salary Range from 18-23 years, hut waivers may Fountains. For the majority of the secrebe granted on this requirement up Speech 14 students are le- tarial, stenographic, or cleiical posi-
tions, the salaries range from $70
hired to take care of the two or three engines that made up the motive power of one of Indiana’s first railroads, suggested that a few tools and a shed, or roundhouse, were neeeSsary to the proper care
of the engines His boss, Gen. Reyn- the 27th birthday, one year’s in- TrttenZ and'^h^publicls
inforiiied John that the loco- in f.hp tnr» ae’p limit beine^ invited
Model Plane Club
Will Sponsor
Contest Today At 4 Model Airplane Club will sponsor a contest this afternoon at 2 in Miller’s Field, south of Linne’s
Field, on route 52.
The contestants will be divided
The minimum, requirement for eluded Part 1. -- stenographic and clerical positions p^^.t H was consisted of two Ger- D,n’ne"'''mu!fiii"g Wcdifcviay! Augubt'izf'at
b .do p. m. in Union. Sign libt on bulletin board in Exponent olTice or call me at 8444 before Monday, Augubt 10, at 5 p. m. if you will be thcie. Cobt is 75c, payable to Hadley at the meeting. —ARMSTRONG interfraternify President's Cotincil: Keys aie at tlie Iratornitv alTairs otTice. Come and get them —SCHWAB
POMM: Keyb are now available at jewelry store. HUN 1 Westminster Foundation: The Sunday Evening t!lub will meet in the church lounn-e at 5:16 p. m. next Sunday, August 9th There Will be a picnic supPer games at the picnic grounds behiml the stacinim. Everyone is invited to “Ue™-
—^THOMA
Chemistry Majors: In the school of Science finishing in August, 1942, should report \ at mv office, 422 Chom Buildimr, at their cailiesl convenience. — DEGERING Ghincse Students: This month's regular meeting will be held on Sunday, August 9, at t p. m at the lesidence of Mr. and Mrs. Dietrich, 2 N. Riverside Road, West Lafayette. Refreshments will be served as il4tial.
—LIANG
Ceres: Meeting
crease in the top age limit being given for each year of college work
completed.
The enlistee holds the titles of Cadet, U. S. Merchant Marine, and Cadet, U. S. Naval Reseiwe, concurrently. After 16 months of training, including two at a basic school,
^‘train-hospital” the workmen were seven at sea, and seven at Merchant called “nut busters” because they Marine Academy, successful eandispend a good part of their time dates will be licensed as Merchant cracking rusted nuts so that they Officers and appointed to the rank could be screwed off pipes and re- of Ensign, Naval Reserve, placed. Acetylene torches have now Applicants will be called to active
dispensed with the nut cracking and duty as soon as possible after en- classes one of gasoline also the name. listment. powered models and the other of A cluster of twelve main build- Those interested in making ap- rgbber driven planes. The contest ings and numerous small ones plication should write the super- -wllj be judged on the basis of the reached by Schuyler Avenue makes visor of Merchant Marine Cadet ratio of the amount of fuel used to up this village wherein the ills of Training, U. S. Coast Guard, lYagh- the length of time in the air after
compelte trains may be cured. There ington, D. C
to $100 per month with the possibility of promotion foi a few up to
$150.
To obtain these positions a Merit
Four songs in Ficnch were sung by Mr. Peercc'-in Part IV, “Apreg un peve” by Gabriel Fauer, “En B a r q u e” by Gabriel Pierne, “Psyche” by Emil Paladilhe, and “Le Solell et la Mer by Mehx Four-" drain. Part V was compiised of “Blow, Blow Thou Winter Wind”
Tucbclav, Aiijxubt 11, at —BRADFIELD
Airricultnral Chemistry Club: MectinK Room 303 ol the Union Wednesday, August 12 at 7.30 p m —WOODWARD Chemistry 4: 'Stalling Tuesday, August 11, lectures will be in Civil Engiiicenng Building, Room 201. —I’EARCE
Classified Ads
“The Jasmine Door” by ‘Love Went a’Riding” by
Examination must be passed. Ad- ^jy Quilter, “Blue Aic Hm- Eyes”
mission for the examination will be by card. To apply for this test it is necessary to fill out an application form at the Personnel Division, Room 60, Administration Building, Indiana University, Bloomington. A
by Watts, Scott, and
Bi’idge.
The concert was closed by Mr. Peerce singing four encores, a concert version of “Old Mother Hub-
Carrier Wanted: Apply at Exponent Offid^
r phone 3C"i. A.sk for Klouman.
POMM: Important business mectinj; Mon- Typewriters—Addinp: Machines, all m^ea (I.iy, Auuust 10, .it 4 p. m in room 196 of sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mifnd-
OKraph work done. C J. Ebershoff, 605 M^in,
Lafayette. Phone 2779.
Money to loan on diamonds, watches, guns, luggage, typewriters. Albert's Loan Office,
407 Columbia.
card of admission will be given out ^ «paiiachi.”
Peerce donned glasses to sing the
ate new car shops and old car shops, casting shops, locomotive shops, turn tables which can pick up an eittire locomotive and move it bodily, and even Dobbin’s old hangout, a blacksmith shop, close to a paint shop and an, upholster shop for dressing up the completed trains. A storeroom furnishes materials.
Place For Assembling Parts
The shops are merely the place where parts are assembled now, but parts used to be made there, back in, the days when there were over a .thousand men employed and the 3 to 4 hour trip to Hajnmond took 16 hours. The speed of freight trains has doubled four times in the fqrty years that the shops have been woi-king on the hill, and the hauling capacity per locomotive has
doubled 6 to 10 times.
. The original roundhouse has had to be stretched more than once to accommodate the increase in locomotive size from 50 to 60 tons to
Bechart Receives
Promotion To State
Engineer Head
Charles H. Bechert of Indianapolis, a former graduate of the University, has been promoted from sanitary engineer to state engineer,
the motor dies.
Prizes will be offered to the winners of the first, second and third places in each of the two classes. There is no entry fee and the contest is open to all inteiested in
model aeronautics.
Alpha Kappa Lambda . . . social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers
and head of the engineering division for next semester: Dean E. Wilbur, of the State Conservation Depart- president; John L. Stark, vicement, it was announced recently by Taylor,
Hugh A. Barnhart, director of the , , , ^
pledgemaster; James A. Meyei,
Army Air Force at Scott Field on
August 7.
Bechart has been with the conservation department since 1929, and has been assistant head of the division since 1932. He holds memberships in the Knights of Columbus, the Federation of Sewage
17^ tons and from 500 to 600 horse- -vyoi-kg Association, the American
Watei-Works Association, and the
Seientech Club.
State Conservation Department. > James A. Bechart succeeds Denzil Dogget ^'ush chairman; Le Moyne Farmswho took a captain’s post with the wolk, recording secretary; and Ed-
win N. Eeiler, coirCsponding sccretaiy. Ralph le Fevre of Elkhart
has been pledged.
at that time
May Write For Form As an alternative, one may write the Peisonnel Division a letter giving a brief resume of their education and expel ience. A card of admission will be mailed at once. It is then necessary to fill out an application form immediately before or after the examination. A small picture taken within the last two years
is required.
Caldwell Describes 'Rototrol' In Article G. A. Caldwell, BSEE 1927, now an engineer in the Industry Engineering Department of the Westinghouse Electric and Manufacturing Company, is the author of an article in the current issue of the Westinghou.se Engineei. Caldwell has specialized on the application of electiic motois to industrial services, and in his paper he desciibes some newly developed adjustable-speed direct- current
drives.
request number, “Anchors Away,” which he had not sung in a number of years. The whole audience stood and sang “The Star Spangled
Banner.”
Lt. Joseph S. Ryan . . . former student of the University and member of Phi Kappa Tau social fraternity has reported for active duty in the signal corps at Fort Monmouth, New Jersey. His wife, MrSj Eva Ward Ryan, and his mother, Mrs. Wanda Shearer, are living in Indianapolis.
the Armoiy. Schedule for next sem'ster will bt approved, reRistration work will b(> asbiRncd, and louraKertb will be pubsed out.
--JACKSON
Tau Beta Pi Pledges: Rough initiation Monday, August 10, at 4 15 p m. lu the Union Abk at East Desk tor loom in which it will be held Bring bents and themes. ^ —BARTA Union Music Room and Receptions: Meeting Monday, August 10, at 4.1’) p m. in the Union olfice: Bariet Bilhcb, Bill Dvorak, J^ob Martin, Nodra Picree, Geoigo Slatei, Dick Colhsttr. - xMcDONALD Union Defense Committee Meeting: Meeting Monday, August 10, 4 15 p in in the Union otlice* Joanne Fontaine, Pat Hubir, C Noeltiug, Emma Santiui, Jane* Schult —CHAPMAN & SIEGDER Union Camera Club Committee: Meeting Monday August 10, m Union office at 1.15; Paul Blakely, Uou Caldei<lli, Chaihs May, Jim Merkel, George Quick —PURMAN Union Personnel Committee: Mooting Mond.iy, August 10, at 4 15 in Union office. Shiiley Cohtn, Jim Cruig, Mol Guthrie, Mario Pagiaialo, Mike Rovnolds, Doug Smith. ^HILLER & GEE Union Recreation Committee; Mtetmg Monday, Augu'-t 10, at I 15 in Union office: Diek Cloaiwutcr, Wally El!ifnt,\ Ken Hillard, Ruth Livin, Ruth Mathie —NELSON & HUTCHINS Reamers: Meeting Monday night will featuu Coach Burnham All members be there Ik fore 7:15 —UTLEY
power to 4,000 horsepowei. The round coal shute is a com-
plete all-around service filling station for locomotives. By pulling varipus assortments of levers, vaiious holes in the engine may be filled With coal, water, or sand. (The coal is to malfe the water hot so the train will go, and the sand is to keep it from going too much.) Years ago
tfte tenders carried wood which article dealing with “Economical made a much cleaner, less expen- Cliimney Sizes” appealing in the
give, and veiy much less efficient
Mingle, CE'13, Writes Article On Chimneys J. G. Mingle, CE ’13, is author of
heat. First Engines The first engines on the road were named individually such as Apollo, Jlipiter, Mercury, Achilles,etc. Each engineer was assigned to a paiticular engine, which he ran legulaily. Some of the names were illusions of speed or power such as the Rattler, the Rover, the Racer, Rusher, Samson, Tornado, Meteor, Comet, aiid Rocket. More recently the locomotives have been numbered according to a code by which the birthdays of each can be counted. 400 class engines
npering. For several years following his graduation. Mingle was employed by a company specializing m the design and construction of la,rge industrial chimneys. He had continued his interest and studies m this field and is now considered one of the outstanding experts in
the country on this subject. Mingle, authoi of a book dealing
with chimney design and operation, has wiitten several technical articles on this general subject, and was consultant on the design and erection of the University Power Plant chimney. John Mingle, his son, is now attending the Univer-
were put out in 1906, 500’s in 1912, sity and is active in musical and 660’s in 1918, and 500’s in 1929 and dramatic productions on the cam-
in 1929 the 39 switch engines. This pus. /far Diesel engines were installed Monon switching yards both in '
I^fayette and other principal yaids. ter span was made a drawbridge
0^ces Located Two Places anyway.
•■''The offices conti oiling the activi- '^^® Wabash and Eiie canal ran ties of these .shops ai e located at *^^® tracks near the dethe shops and on Fifth and Salem P®*' '^*'® P^’oxlmity of these two streets in the building that was the tiansportation means greatly inftrst freight and passenger depot in ®^’eased the transportation facilities
Lafayette. After a eonsideiable aigSument between the people ol Lafpyette and the railroad company, the load was granted the right to rijn the traejes through any “stieet or alley” in j Lafayette, provided that they biidge the Wabash River nprth of the city where it wouldn’t interfere with liver navigation heonuse draw-bridges were too expensive. After the argument was over, «||d the populace had been soothed a ma^s meeting addiessed by I^esident Reynolds of the load and Jfhn Purdue, /the bridge was eons^cted north of the city. The cen-
of central Indiana.
Hays jewelry Co. 131 North Fourth St. ^ // Fine fewelry at Moderate Price "I
GOOD PRINTING St PAINLESS PRICES More fty|« for tfif Moliay Kane^s Print Shop 401 S. 29th St, Phone 5205
"'y t:. ' -M
GOLD.. SILVER.. MESH..WHITE SATIN’^ Let the cares of the day melt away, as you forget everything but sweet music... and romance! Lofty heeled for petite misses ,.. comfortably low ones for the willowy type. *WHiTE SATIN TINTED FREE