l^^rsonnel Service Atki Seniors" Aid
XfM4ie4it
W«rReli#ll»fi¥« Ends TenROfiOiir^
Volume No. 89
West Lafayette/ Indiana
Sunday, januaiy fl, ISN^
Bailermakers Down Ohio State Nettera, 45-31
A« Conference Opens Tomorrow
^ ^ Passing Attack In Hard Fought Game
Elliott Will Welcome State Agriculturists; Banquets to Honor Corn, Soybean Kings Annual Agricultural Conference will get underway tomorrow and several thousand farm people from all sections of the State are expected to attend. As the forenoon will be taken up with registration, the real program gets under way with an address of welcome given by President B. C. Elliott, at 1:80.
Following Di'. Elliott’s talk. Dr. .
T. K. Cowdcn of the farm management department will ,speak to the group on ^‘Problems Ahead” and a panel discussion will be lead by Dr. E. C. Young of the farm manage-
ment department.
WBAA Presents Show ‘ After several banquets m the early evening, tomorrow night’s program will feature a “Campus Varieties” show presented by WB AA in Fowler Hall starting at 7:30. This progi’am, presided over by T. R. Johnson, University publicity director, will feature a variety of entertainment put on by members of the radio station’s staff. One of the outstanding features of the agi’icultural conference at the
Annual Road School To Meet On Campus
Stai1ingJanuary19 Wartime Emergency Brings New Problems
/
Many of the .subjects to be dealt with in the 28th annual Road School to be held here January 1922 will concern emergency war matters affecting highways. Ben. H. Petty, professor of Highway Engineei’ing at the University, has an-
Registration Will Begin At 8 A,Ni, Tomorrow Distinguished students of June, 1941, will begin registration tomorrow at 8 at the Armory. General registration will begin for all students at 9, and will continue through Tuesday. This semester a first aid course has been added to the curriculum, and is optional to all students except those in the Pharmacy School who Will be required to take the course. ■ ■ Registrar has announced that all
University is the annual program nounced completion of plans for the of the Indiana Corn Growers Asso- four half-day sessions, ciation. Highway Travel Increased Tomorrow the association will dis- Demands on highways have mplay exhibits and entries for Judg- creased due to the greater movement in^ in the'’ west faculty lounge of of men and material in order to prothe Union. The exhibits are open to vide adequate military offense and those attending the conference and defense, according to Petty, and the pubiie. Tfleading the arrange- road and street men should take adment? for the (^orn and Small Grain vantage of this opportunity to cnShow is Prof. Keller Beeson, exten- able them to carry out their duties sion agroni^mist., ^ efficiently and economically. Paeulty fudges Three separate sessions have Judges for- tile event are choien been planned, to include all city enfrom the faculty and the ranks of gineers, state highway men, county prominent growers. Judging will be- surveyors, county road supervisors gin on Tuesday and be completed and county commissioners. There
as quickly as possible. Corn growers’ association will hold its annual banquet tomorrow evening. Prof. A. T. Wiancko, head
will also be one entire general ses-
sion January 21. Traffic Problems
Traffic problems will be given
of the Agronomy department, will consideration at a special session for be honored and the banquet will be traffic engineers, county engineers the occasion of the unveiling of his and city engineers. City traffic, portrait. parking and other problems growKenneth Blackwell, president of ing out of increased traffic will be
the Indiana Corn Growers’ Associa- discussed.
tion will preside. Following “Our Although the annual Road Show Appreciation” by Ray C. Ellis, T. A. has been temporarily discontinued, Coleman will present the portrait to films, banquets, addresses, and other the University and Harry J. Reed, amusements will provide entertain-
Dean of the School of Agriculture, ment will accept. Response will be made a.l.w. by Prof, A. T. Wiancko.
Champions
Grain and hay show amj production champions will be honored at Monday night’s banquet. Among those slated for recognition arc; International Corn Show champions, Floyd Hiner, Henry county and E. W. Doubtit, Hanna City, 111.; reserve champion, C. E. Troyer, Wabash; reserve jupior champion, Hubert Meyers, Decatur county; 1941 State Corn Show Champion, Carl Fischer, Shelby county; International Hay Champion, George Sauerman; and a number of other cham-
pions.
Leading crop growers of the years include H. C. Barrett, Gibson county, whe produced 190.4 bushels of dorn per acre to win the five acre contest and B. C. Neal who checked 42.4 bushels of soybeans per acre to win the State Sojflpean Yield contest. g.d.s. YWCA To Show Movie Tonight At 8 In Union YWCA, in co-operation with the Religious Council, will present a program and mdvie of Lake Geneva, Wisconsin tonight at 8 p. m. in room 363 pf the Union, it was announced yesterday. The arrangements for the program arc being handled by Howard Hamilton, member of the Religious Council. Lake Geneva is the site of the camp at which the YWCA and the YMCA hold their annual conference in June, and the purpose of the movie is to show some of the thiitgs which campers may see at the conference. The entire movie will be in technicolor. In addition, there will be short talks by various members of the two organizations.
for the visiting road men.
Draft Deferments
Editor’s Note: The following letter is reprinted fi-om yesterday’s Exponent in order that all students may have opportunity to learn their status with regard to Selective Sci-
January 9, 1912
Mr. Frank C. Hockema, Assistant to President,
Purdue University,
West Lafayette, Indiana
Dear Sir;
We have been advised by Major Howard G. Wade, Occupational Deferment Advisor for the State Selective Service System, to defer' all students who are now engaged in training for occupations considered NECESSARY to the present War Program. These students must meet the following requirements : (1) Should attend the University continuously on the present War Time Basis. (2) Must have scholastic index of 3.50 or better. (3) Must agree to enter military service or active approved Defense work immediately upon graduation. It is further understood that we will rely upon you to continue to make recommendations for deferments and to keep our Board advised of each student’s progress in fulfilling the above requirements. We expect you to make an immediate report on any student who is not acting in accordance with the above program. Very truly yours, ^ E. K. Warren,
Chairman
Tippecanoe County Selective Service Board No. 2
U.S, Air Corps ToGiveCredit ForCAAFIying Cadets in the United States Air Corps who have had CAA training and experience may be credited with as much as 30 hours flying time. This new regulation will not necessarily shorten the cadet’s tcim in the elementary phase of instruction, but will permit the Air Corps to take advi^ntagc of flying instruction given to those cadets who come from schools operating under the CAA’s training program, and to permit other cadets having previous flying experience to forego part of the scheduled elementary training. Same Ground School Requirements The gr'ound .school requirements remain the same, however, and every cadet will still be required to finish the full number of hours in this school before graduation from the elementary flying school. Thus any reduction in the time spent in the elementary phase will depend upon the individual student’s ability to omit some of the required hours in the air. Preference New regulations have been accepted by the authorities regarding the acceptance of applications for CAA training, giving preference to applicants who have applied for cadet training in the Air Corps. Applicants for Air Corps training should apply at the Adjutant’s Office in the Armory. Applicants for CAA should apply at the office of G. S. Meikle in the Executive Building. To be eligible for CAA, the applicant must be a male citizen of the United States, have written consent from his parent or guardian if under 21 years of age, nevei have been disqualified for CAA by Advisory Board action, not now awaiting oiders to report for duty with the armed forces, not now being employed by CAA, be between the ages of 19 and 26 inclusive and be a regularly enrolled sophomore, junior or senior in the University. In addition to the above lequirements applicants must agree to make themselves available for flig|}it training in the Army or Navy of the United States when needed,
j.d.s.
Book Exchange To Begin Sales Tuesday At 10 student Book Exchange, which opened yesterday at 1 p. m. to receive used books, will begin sales at 10 a. m. Tuesday, in the workshop in the sub-basement of the Union. The Exchange will continue to receive books through Monday, and both receiving and selling will continue for several days. Students bi’inging books to the exchange may set their own prices up to 76 per cent of their original value, but only second semester books will be accepted. It is emphasized that texts in engineering, chemistryv physics, and mathematics are in great demand. The i^ook Exchange is not responsible for unsold books or uncollected money after twelve days from the beginning of sales, h.g.s.
men taking PEM 12 will be required to schedule the course as well as those who have become 21 since September. However, men who have recently reached their twentieth year will not be required to take the course until the summer scmestei-. All students with C, D, or F grades on record, whether on probation or not, will register with the other students. Registration will be in accordance with the first three letters of surnames. Two day legistration is a part of the new policy of the University designed to speed up school work-and graduation. Military drill classes wore suspended during this week in order that the necessary equipment might be erected and the Armory is rapidly assuming the customary appearance of tables, booths, and more tables. Clashes will start on Wed-
nesday.
The schedule is as follows: Monday, January 12
Wil-Zn
9:00-9:30 a.
111.
Wal-Wik
9:30-10:00 a.
111.
Ti-Wak
10:00-10:30 a.
111.
Stf-Th
10:30-11:00 a.
ni.
Sl-Ste
11:00-11:30 a.
m.
Sci-Sk ..
11:30-12:00 a.
ni.
Ra-Sch
1:00-1:30 p.
m.
Pas-Qz
1:30-2:00 p.
m.
Nef-Par
2:00-2:30 p.
m.
Mim-Nee
2:30-3:00 p.
m.
Mam-Mil
3:00-3:30 p.
m.
Lop-Mal
3:30-4:00 p.
m.
(inch Me and Mac)
La-Loo
4:00-4:30 p. m.
Kem-Kz
4:30-6:00 p. m.
Tuesday, January 13
Ho-Kel
8:00-8:30 a. m.
Har-Hn
8:30-9:00 a. m.
Gof-Haq
9:00-9:30 a. m.
Fox-Goe
9:.30-10:00 a. m.
Em-Fow
10:00-10:30 a. m.
Den-El
10:30-11:00 a. m.
Con-Dem
11:00-11:30 a. m.
Cf-Cot
11:30-12:00 a. m.
Bis-Ce
1:00-1:30 p. m.
Bai-Bir
1:30-2:00 p. m.
Aa-Bah
2:00-2:30 p. m.
Elliott Makes Report On Defense Schedule To Alumni Directors Meeting for its inid-yeai duector’s meeting, the Purdue Alumni Association convened last night in the Union. Due to the death of President William H. Winterrowd last month, the meeting was presided over by W. Henry Roberts, ’12, of Indianapolis, who is the Executive vice-president of the oiganization. Group Attends Game Dr. E. C. Elliott attended the dinner held after the business session, in order that he might report to the association on the Univeisity’s new defense schedule. After the dinner the group attended the Ohio State basketball game in the Field House. Officers and directors attending the meeting^ weie; Buir S. Swezey, ’13, immediate past president, Lafayette; E. T. Baugh, ’23, executive seeretai’y, Lafayette; Dean H. J. Reed, ’ll, treasurer. West Lafayette; F. A. Schaff, ’07, Atlantic regional director, New York City; R. E. Woodiuff, ’06, central regional director, Cleveland; V. D. Lay, ’06, Chicago legional director, LaPoite; D. H. Long, ’07, Indianapolis regional director, Louisville; L. E. “Abe” Martin, ’22, Lafayette regional director, Carbondale, 111.; 0. H. Day, ’09, Pacific regional director, Kansas City and LeRoy E. Hoffman, ’18, Agricultural alumni director, West Lafayette.
BULLETIN BIG TEN SCORES Iowa, 49; Wisconsin, 45 Minnesota, 63; Indiana, 43 Illinois, 44; Michigan, 40 Northwestern, 69; Chicago, 50
/
University To Offer Pull Time Training / For Defense Work Candidates Must Have High School Diploma Because of present war conditions the University is offering part time courses in a}l the industrial centers thi’oughout the state and will offer full - time courses to start on the campus in about three weeks. University students who arc forced to drop school for any reason at the close of the first semester will be eligible for these courses which are offered as part of the defense training program. Men, Women, Eligible Both men and women aie eligible for defense course training if they have the proper prerequisite: a high school diploma. Those interested in the courses can register any time up to Wednesday for the part time courses. A schedule of classes may be obtained from Mr. Harry Short in the Service and Stores building. The part time courses are to be twelve weeks in length, meeting two nights a week. The full time courses which are to be offered on the campus will be completed in six weeks. Though these courses cany no credit and will not be considered as substitutes for University courses, they are short, intensive courses which foim the necessary correlation between an interrupted university career and a defense job or service with the armed forces. Engineering Course Offered The day courses offered here at the University aie to be engineering drawing, surveying, advanced welding, elementary metallurgy, time and motion study, radio engineering, and the chemistry of powder and explosives. Any student who expects to drop school this coming semester should see the head of his school some time before the beginning of the next semestei. The courses are conducted by the University under authoiitjr of the U. S. Office of Education, f.j.v. Student War Relief Campaign Will End Tomorrow At 6 P, M. All articles foi lelief should be in loom 211 of the Union by 6 p. m. tomoriow Gold Peppers will collect the articles fiom Women’s Residence Halls and the soiorities and Reameis and Gimlets will collect the 'articles from fraterpities. Articles contributed by independent students will be collected by PIA. All types of clothing, especially woolens, are needed. This will be sent to civilians in war-torn districts. Books and magazines will go to amy camps. Students and faculty members are asked to give any of these articles which aie needed. Upon the recommendation of the Student War Council, the Relief Coordinating Committee will also conduct a drive to collect paper. They ai’e asking that all organizations save all forms of paper for that collection. The committee also asks that all instructors save term papers and tests which they had intended to throw away. Collection of all paper is to be made sbmetime this week-end by the Relief Co-or-dinating Committee.
Sprowl Leads Scorers With 17 Points; Tierney, Blanken Sparkle Defensively By Phil Johnson, Exponent Sports Editor Purdue’s undefeated Boilermakers raced to their third conference victory last night by handing the downtrodden Ohio State cagers their second Big Ten loss and their fifth defeat iq a row by a decisive 45-31 score. The Buckeyes started slow, came back terrifically strong in the closing part of the first period with a deadly barrage of long shots, and then got colder than the north Russian front to Completely wilt before the winners’ ceaseless at-
tack.
The game went along on a near-even count for the fii'st half with the Boilermakei’s playing a waiting defensive game and protecting a precious lead at half-time 28 to 23. Then in the second period when it looked like the game was going to shift to the Bucks advantage Coach Piggy Lapibert called on the pressure defense to so successfully tie up the Ohio State team that the game was a pushover from then on out. Riveter Defense Cools Enemy Offense This Boilermaker defense which held both Chicago and Michigan to a mere 37 point total, was more successful than ever before, holding the Bucks to just one bucket and two free throws during the last 17 minute^ of the last period. Frosty Sprowl tallied 17 points to cop high scoring honors for the evening, followed by fighting A1 Menke with 12 and Freddie Miller, Ohio forward, with an even ten. A lot of set-up close in shots were in and outers for the Boilermakers and robbed them of several hard earned points which would have tutued the game into more of a riot. The passing attack of the winners was.'the best shown this season, with Blanken in his Usual leading role and Sprowl,^ Riley and Tierney showing a great deal of finesse along this line. Starters Stay 33 Minutes Unrelieved The starting line-up of Tierney, Sprowl, Menke, Blanken, and Biloy played for 33 minutes without relief, having the game completely on icebefore Coach Lambert began sending in a stream of substitutes. ^ Sophomore Lou Trabitz opened the scoring with a nice side shot. A shot by Tierney, then two by Menke, a beauty by Sprowl, and a trio free tosses by Captain Blanken lan the total up to 11-2 befoi'e Gecov^t^ hit his favorite one-hander from way out. Sprowl and Miller tr^eo^ goals. Then Schoenbaum hit from the side and Trabitz counted a pafi* free tallies to make it 13-10. " d Boilermakers Lead At Half-Time, 28-23 ^ With the crowd roaring them on, Sprowl hit an under the basket-shot and Gecowets’ simultaneous foul, Menke followed a rebound up, afid, Sprowl took a nice pass from Tierney to score again before Wilce made a free throw and Miller hit again from the side to make it 20-13. Tierney, made a beautiful twist shot under the basket, Travitz hit from the foul line, Sprowl from the side and Shoenbaum on a long shot to make it 24-17. Shoenbaum fired another swisher, Blanken and Menke hit, and Trabitz and Sims finished the half 28-23 with a pair of tallies. Miller hit a set shot from the side. Menke made good from the foul line and Miller got set down in the corner against to make it 29-27. Hefe' the Boilermaker pressure defense tuimed on. Blanken, Sprowl, Menke, and Sprowl again hit in order before Sims scored on Sprowl's foul mak-
ing it 40-28.
Substitutions Save Ohio From Rout
Here the game was slowed down again with the Boilermakers employing a figure eight to control the ball and numerous substitutions coming into the game. Miller got the third and final Buck goal with nine minutes to go and Tierney and Sprowl both hit just before leaving the game. Holfman made one free toss and Shaw two iu the final minutes, leaving the final score, 45-32. ’ Statistics of the game show the Boilermakers hitting 17 of 68 attempts for an even 25 percent as compared to Ohio State’s 13 of 87 for a poot 15 percent. Sixty-two of these Buckeye shots were made in the final pefii>
iod, with just three, all by Miller, finding the range.
Civil Service Exams f verso// Will Speak WillSeCUreNewMen Thursday At Annual
Ag Alumni Dinner Frank L. Eversull, of Noirth Dakota Agricultural College, has been announced as the speaker at the annual dinner of the Purdue Ag Alumni Association to be held Thursday noon. Eversull will address an ex«* pected audience of several hundred in the Agricultural Engineering
Building.
Introductions will be handled by Associate Dean V. C. Freeman of the school of Agriculture, who wifi preside at the dinner. Dean Free--' man is the president of the Agricul- ’ tural Alumni Association. Awards will be made to alumni who have done outstanding work in the agriculture field diu'ing the past year. Awards will also be made to outstanding alumni clubs at the din-
For Marketing Work Civil Service examinations will be
given to secure men to act as Marketing Specialists and Supervisors of Giain Inspection in the Agricultural Marketing Service of the De-
paitment of Agriculture. These men are needed because of the in-
creased pioduction of food bi ought
about by the defense progi’am. Entry Blanks at Post Office Applicants for examination for
both positions will be accepted from senior or graduate students now in attendance at schools, subject to furnishing pi oof of the successful completion of the required course prior to July 1. Copies of the application forms may be obtained at any first-class oi second-class post office or from the Civil Service Commission in Washington, D. C. Applications must be filed with the Commission not later than February
16.
One Exam Covers Two Grades One examination will be given to cover the two giades of Assitant Marketing Specialist and Junior Mayketing Specialist, ’fhese men will woi’k with fresh or canned fruits and vegetables. Assistants will receive a salary of ?2,d00 a year and must not have passed their 46th birthday on the closing date for receipt of applications.
Rush Registration Open% Pledging Period Jan. Registration for second semester lush will begin January 17 at 111 a. 111., and will end at 1:00 p. m. same day, it was announced by Bar* baia Ann Adkins, President ei ihk Panhellenic Council, yesterdi|S^ Rush opens on Sunday, January 1942 at 9:00 a. in., and ends Si|ttt»» ’ day, January 24, at 6:00 p. m. Pledging may be anytime this period. p.a.h. ^’> t
fagei
Purdue Exponent
/
Sunday^ January llf l94£
31jOl»
Personnel Shifts Into High . . . Personnel Notes
Piirdoe Chrretian P'oundation Sunday Program At Lafayette Christian Chuich Sixth and Noith St 9^15-20 a 111—Catch luie fiom Graht St 91^ a ni—Student CIa‘?'? Pi of J. 1^. L4Svy of the Soclolog^ Dept 19i40 a m Chuich Woiship Sei vice Rev Doyle Mullen will pi each another seimon in the senes on the Communion Service 5:l6 p m—Catch iide fioni 131 S Giaht St 5’30 p in—10c Suppei at the Church Bldg (Note change 111 time and plaee) 6 Oo p 111—Foium Piogiam of lecieation, singing, discussion and vespefs Geoige King will lepoit on “The Christmas Fund and the Pool Family You Helped ” Dick Smith will tell about the National Convention of Cosinopoh tan Clubs Ken Tiuax will desciibe his experiences at the National Student Asseiiiblv at Miami Univer sity, Oxford, Ohio A special vespers will be led by Peg Guise and othei s 8 00 p 111 —Movies of Lake Gen eva at Union Bldg Baptists West Lafayette Baptist Chuich Coiner Columbia and Chauncey Rev Joseph B Gleason student pastoi 9 30 a 111 —Rogei Williams Club class hour “Pop” Gleason, teachei 10 35 a 111 ■—Chui ch w 01 ship sei vice Seimon—“God Is The Refuge of His Saints” 6 30 p 111—Rogei Williams Club —Fifteen cent lunch 6 00 p 111 —Rogei W illiams club discussion houi Pi of 0 G Lloyd will speak on “Shall We Cheat’”
Dining the lattei pait of this week th4 Poisoiiilel Sei vice mailed post caids to all seiiiois who had sign ed for Intel views These caids, which dealt with the scheduling of intei views, cause^l a gieat deal of com meiit and discussion among the seniois Aftei ques tioning the Sei vice about the postcards, the Exponent received the following infoimation fiom W E Voglei Diiectoi of Peisonnel “The enieigcncy created by the wai has placed un piecedeiited demands on industry Before the Chiistnias holidays lepiesentativcs of 67 industries visited Puidue Univcisity and held moie than 2,000 interviews with seniois The systematic procedure in effect heie has been highly commended by the industiial men and the fact that the senioi s have kept then ap pointmeiits so punctually is a ciedit to them and to PUidue “In September, when the pioceduie was outlined to seniors, a copy of it was supplied to each man for his guidance In oidei to make it possible for the industrial men to use eveiy minute of then time in interviewing Puidue men, it was pointed out that only those men who were seriously inteiested in obtaining employment with a company should interview that company If a man signs up for such an inteiview and then does not keep his appointment, it means that some othdi senioi loses an oppoi trinity to inteiview during that period It also looks like poor management to industrial men to have a number of names of men appear on his schedule who do not show up for an m teiview
“Recently thdie have been a numbei of instatices when industrial men sat foi vacant periods when there were men who had signed up foi those penods foi interviews This was possibly due Jo the Holiday period, as well as to the fact that there have been tests and a change in the Uhiveisity calendar and other matters beyond anyone's tontiol We believe that the majoiity of seniois value the procedure this year highly, and have therefore sent to all seniors a card bringing to tlfeli attention again the importance of following the procedure to the letter We believe that by doing this the Personnel Service can be of greatest value to them, especially in view of the fact that the heads of schools and other interested members of the faculty are vitally inteicstcd in doing ev eiything possible to assure Puidue men who are going into defense industries amf into the armed foices of available positions after this emergency is over “We bUievc this inatier is one to which you will want to give your best thought and effort ” We heartily agree with W E Voglei, and believe that it IS very important that seniors follow the Service’s pioceduie rhis next semester The load on the Personnel office is going to be heavy Little is asked of each senior, the Service has thousands of things to do, while each man has only one If Purdue men will do then best to follow the procedure for rnterviews, they wrll be doing themselves a great service by impressing industrial representatives that then college training has made them efficient in maiirtaiir mg sueh an orderly system
COMPANIES SCHEDULED TO
VISIT CAMPUS— ' '
Goodyear Tire and Rubber Co, Akron, Ohio January 12 and 13 American Bridge Co, Ambiidge,
Pa, January 14
Standard Oil jJompany of New Jersey, New York January 14 / National Tube Co. (subsidiaiy of U S Steel), McKeesport, Pa Jan-
uary 14
Westvaco Corporation, New York January 14 Bendix Aviation Corp, South Bend, Indiana January 15 and 16
Notices
5 45 p m —Wesley Vespei s —The evening program begins with a fel low ship and lecieational hour This will be followed by a dramatic pre sentation of the reports of the “Christmas Conference” The clos ing worship service will be conduct td by Ml Mailin Aspinshade
Episcopal Students Sunday Services January 11 1942 At St John’s Chuith Sixth and Feny Sts Lafayette 8 00 a 111 —Holy Comniunion 10 45 a 111—Choial Eucharist and Ser mon
Weslej Foundation At the Fust Methodist Chuich (Cornel Chauncey and South Sts ) ’**""9 30 a 111 —Four Student Classes 1 The International Lesson, taught by Mis R G Thomas 2 lilt Christian Message P01 the Woild Todaj taught bj Di C 0 Lee 3 Why Am I a Piotest int tauglit by Prof D II Patteison 4 All evaluation ol the Christ mas Confeienee, taught by Rev E R Balslej 10 40 a 111—Moining Woiship— Dr. 0 S Steele will use as his tjieme “Play Without Ceasing In tunes like these this is one message e\e:y student will want to heai
Unirersitj Presbjterian Church North Street at Grant Street Sunday, January 11 John W Findley, pastoi and di rector of the Westminster Founda tion Joanne Lloyd, organist Jim Chase chon diiecior 9 30 a in—Dr Graves will lead the group in a new senes ol discus sions about modern problems and their relationship to the Bible 10 30 a in —Mr Findley will de livei the morning woiship seimon, lind the title of it is ‘ Now ’ The ehoii IS repeating, br special re quest “No Shadows Yonder” with William Morgan as soloist 5 15 p in—^Instead of the legu lai Vespei Services the new elders and deacons of the ehuieh will be
Stewart To Conduct 1,200-Voice Chorus Wednesday Night 4 P Stewart will conduct a ehoi us of 1,200 to 1 500 voices composed of Home Ec choruses Wednesday 7 oO p 111 in the Music Hall Chorus will sing music wiitten by Indiana composers among which are Joseph W Clokej, Noble Cain Cole Poitei, and Jesse Deppon They will be accompanied by Joanne Lloyd, organist and Mis Joseph M Ragains pianist This IS the annual Music Festival
of the County Home Ec choruses The one big chorus is composed of 85 Home Ec choiuscs liom all over Indiana Wednesday noon an officei s aircj diiectoi’s luncheon will be held About 600 people aie expected to attend and 60 counties aie expected to be lepiesented Dr Joseph W Clokej Dean of Fine Ai ts of Miami Univeisity Oxford Ohio will be the speakei Mi Stewart will be toastmaster of the luncheon Coalean be pumped thiough pipe lines instead of shipping in cars suggests Prof H E Babbitt of the University of Illinois
All Military ScuUenta All students hav 1I1„ Iibbcnns in drills may make them up durini? w<tks of Jin 14 to incl Cicdit for these make ups will be given in 1st Siincbtei grades foi students with C or I (..radts due to absences all others will re ceive credit on then 2nd semestei grades Two weeks period for makd UP Will be determined by counting all tegular school weeks between Dee 8 and Jan 27 eXc6pt
ing week of J in 5 to 10 incl
—GRAHAM
OutmgClub lee Skatint party Tuesday Jin IS Meet at west door of Unidn at 7 p m Transportation furnished Call Gred Corduas 511o3 or Gail Hennis 2J0'~ foi leservations before Monday evening
—BDERGLER
Sociology Stuaents No tests this wed in Soc " divisions B D & G~md Soc 170A SMITH Pistol Team Tryouts fhe following listed students ate asked to leport at the Armors January 11 1942 1 00 p III Baynes F L Bedwell R R Bellows ir Bryant R T Kat? A S Kuhn W A Land A Mcachem J R Miller P G Nicholson B F Parker H W Peaison T M Sharpe V G Smts 1 E Songei I R Welbaum E A Wendt R R Westcott D P Woltei G R Coinelius E H 00 p m Brunk J F Coffing T H Griste J D Dickev B C dcBriien H C Pa nsworth I F Fiicke B C Ger rand W F Giecnhalgh D K Jones
L E Link G H Lnkcnhill E D Me Cube L T Met/ger I A Rodgeia, P % Siiieer M Smith B G Southworth G S i —BROWN Newitiiin Club Monthly bicakfast in St Maiys Auditoriurn Immediately utter 9 20 Mass Sunday Jan 11 RUNNION Reamers Show no go Future plans will be diseussed at meeting Monday Jan 12 it '■ 30 p m in loom 204 of the Union —RUFFNER All Mots AIIVE meetiiii lung planned for Wedne ilay Jan 14 Pli i c he Id dale open ^ —STARKLY Junior Military Stiidcn i i ye u wish td entei 16 i mm hi witrer competition foi the seionel semestei linn in list oL siiuid by IK on Ian I'" to Lapt Ruby List to m elude two juniors nin<- sophomores —RUBY Alpha Lambda Delta Theic will be no mectinr next Tuesday Jan 11 —MaeDONALD War Countil Meeting Tues lay January 11 at 10 10 a m In the Student Senate
office IriBOS
Senior Chemistry Majors Seniois who ire disirous of gcttini a job lepoit to I lom 422 Chemistiv building A number ef a sistantships are available for toming school year in the department of chemistiy Sen lois inteiested leioit to m> oflice at once —DEGERING ^ _ Tritpn Club Regular meoting luesihy Januiry 12 at 30 p m in th Womens Gym Attenetancr compulsory -KRAEPBLIEN AH MiiitSaty "Studeijtg' All studenU havihg C or 1 giafles due to absenees the first se mostcr should make them up the 2nd an 1 5rd week of the second semestei (Tan 21 Feb 2 inel ) GRAHAM WAA Pmg pong and buffiebiard < ill outs will bo Monday Jan IJ at I p hi it Women s Cym senuBER
All cxaniiiiiiliOn for removal of C arid f grades in Ohthiistly 1 2 11 and 12 will be given in Room tSil Ohemistry Annex, lueselay January 13 at 1 p m •' Make iiirangements at Room 127 Ohemistly Annex bclloie J2 M Janirary^lS This examinatioil upitlits l« Oinnl I graeles ol the 1941 Summqi Slssioti Or bofoie inei not to tho e of the semester endin( Januaiy IJ 1942 F D MAPTIN R F BROWN
F T ALLEN
Reamer Club Meeting Monelay January 1? eaneelltd because of Indiana game W ileh this, column tor now dajh ^
—BUEPNEH,
Classified Jtda
Typewriters—Adding Machines all make* sold rented repaired and pureliiiseel Mimeograph woik done C J Lbershoit, 605 Main,
LafayoUe Plione 2779
lost Seeiand wrist wutih in shop wash loom Flione 2618 Reward Lost Brown knitting bag with glasses ind yollAw gloVe Phone 8026 Rerval'd Doul Ic Room half block from Union Good leady conditions liiendly atmosphere
?T 00 Phone 4292
Wanted Bovs to wirk on banquets for Agrieultural Conference week Apply Pur-
due Union Catetciia
KEEP YOUR HOME NEAT AND ATTRACTIVE WITH ACE PAINTS Fixtures — hardware John Sperb Hdwe. 822-24 Mam SL
SCOBEE’S
SENIORS:
riiiplovcrs aie iiiti r\u now— DON’T DCLA\ —Iluvc ijiplitalion photos rcnih—Kelinlih serMte .
Phone 2343
105 Northwestern Ave.
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS Oniversity Book Store Across From Union Red Sammons 29 Doc c.pplo 40
ordained at this time 5 45 p ill —The Sunday Uvcnini, Club will meet foi suppei in the Rccieation Room Following the suppei will be a panel discussion on the subject of a Chiistian and tho war loe Osborn and Loimg Fiayiei^^ ■will piesent two of the possible at titudes
10c
PAUL'S PLACE
10c
BEEF STEAK HOME MADE CHILI
Phone 2645
FURNAS ICE CREAM 216 W. Columbia St
BEEF BARB-Q
PORK TENDERLOIN
We Deliver
ARC
TODAY - MONDAY
"<■1^.," -X. ' Po om.w,. P bORdTMY HOPE • LAMOUR CAUGHT IN TNB GNAFT"
PLUS
with ROBERT PAIGE )ANE FRAZEE ALSO
"LUCKY DUCK" COLOR CARTOON
Don’t turn your back on OLD MAN WINTER
Wear Clean Clothes Call
INorlhwestei n al Vine
Phone 4081
— WANTED — Pm Boys to Work in Union Bowling Alleys See R. Stuckey
MFHM£T16
kmdo u/M QaMe /% LUNA I TODAY - MON. =
When a magnetic man meets an irresistible girl something s got to happen and it does' CLARK(»; GABLE iAHkn%r)
— PLUS — ' You the People" A Crime Doesn t Pay Senes— POPULAR SCIENCE
mK/m FRANK MORGAN • CLAIRE TREVOR MARJORIE MAIN* ALBERT DEKKER Dtnelad by JACK CONWAY Pfoducad by
pWidujL £xfiomnL All-American 1940-'41
Entered as second class matter at the post oflice in latajcttr, Indiana under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided toi in section 1103, act ol October 3, 1917, autliori/ed January 20, 1922 Published daih except Mondaj dm mg the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session Delivei cd locally b> earner foi $3 50 pci jear, mail sub scnptions, $1.00
Editur in Chief Nei48 Kdtlur binniti Lditur
Ned A OchiUfec John I lrftuiy:vtt Phil JoipiBon
iJusnicbs Manajjer Manatciiij^ CdUor Cotil I dilor
Don S Po^^trs Lcland W RulTntr Kuth Konc
Publication Staff Kditonal I I I 11 ItrmMioii, D I Hr 11 y It i HaHt> i I Jon > (j Ki jti* ‘’jpnrtb biaff O 1 Dark J U J ruHir J S KttJcr Cuod btaff Maiy K Alic f hMlficlU Jane HanisdeiJ AtiHuciutc bditorB
Business Staff (ltd HiiHini’ib Doi i i Sk. h Offitt Mn lawcr I l Ho s l^tal AdvrrtiMru Maiuiytrs K K < j i ir K 1 SinIft ( irriiialioii Mnna),cr W J H )I Aciuuiita Manui;cr W D Miiltid Junior C otd Manuttru Jliii I ruiikt iibcrry 1 raiitcb 1 luyd Juhi INI irtin
Phsnet. Editorial and Business, 4005, Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10 PM 5377
R ir tiled lor n itional iilvtitibing b\ National Advertis
C illegt I’ublibhtis RtpicbcntatiVLs. 420
N V York N Y
mg b rviot Ii:
TiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiHiiiiiiiniiiiHiiiiiiiiiiijiiliirr COME ON CHILLUN! YOU'RE IN THE | GROOVE WITH THE HAPPIEST TUNIEST | ROMANTIC RUMPUS! | the tops in fun for ’42! What Kay does to Shakespeare Is strictly super-duper . in this hit that fiashes with songs and laughs'
with Jolin BARRYMORE, LUP£ VELEZ /> ’^GINNY SIMMS " MAY ROBSON ^ PATSY KELLY PETER LIND HAYES
Staff For This Issue
Night K4it«r iUdIcy U»y ISdtvr Uamsdeli
bpurtb Editor Clark lusue Editor Kiouiiun
btair 1 M 11 llani I A HiiUi J D / It b B Wolt B G SmitI b K 1 il U 1 Bi U 1 J Vtgli C J 1 ox L 1 Kaiiitk C S bowurda
-and KAY KYSER’S BANDhSkTigbSfZou NOW SHOWING
ADDED
March of Time's OUR AMERICA AT WAR It wil send Patriotic Chills up and down your Spine'
LEADING ^ THE FUN WITH
nu
VICTOR
mm MOORE ^
RAYMOWD
IRENE
BORPONI IVAIBURN
n 4
n A
i 1j-
t t*f
IHI
A ^
!«
>/- F f*' t
/ f
it F ^
^r ^ i\*^ f /,> I fy
i?77T^ f
JeHftHt-r, 4p* I ^ ^
: Thr Siiiiflts^SitstiiB-B^-phirioiihSDn t "n P‘ti‘1?^ ^«l'>*»«-»r<«»»‘’?'tv>f> Thrsee Down—^Twelvd To Go It"to6kithe Boileimakeis just 38 minute^ to soundly ti ounce the Buckeyes' last night If they had kept going it might have been one of the sfjAy Sdotes* Theid’s fioidoitltrfr about It but that there tvas a lot of reason fol* satilsfaction after last night’s game But it must be remembered that ihe Btickfe’ inability to hit the hoop m the second half was nothing short of phenomenal and hadr thby Itept hitting at an oidinary late it would have tafcdn a full foity minutes of driving play to have taken the victoiy rt*a going to take a full game of haid going^to stay in the win column thmoiiOw night at Bloomington, and youi old^Uncle Dudley isn’t kidding Givd t&Hoosieis’ ten points foi then home floor before the game staits and pldn foi every mart wearing the Cieam and Crimson being at his best Scoring and fighting pace, and you have a rough preview of what the gaipe will be like We foi got to add Blanch McCiacken to the preview ^ ‘ littidresfring Points of the Game T^herewere tiyo points which stood out in the game last night that were lathei interesting In spite of the rather obvious giidiron tactics of the Btaeks (dhe of the roughest teams we’ll face this year) the Boilermakei-s comttnttfeid only seven peisbnals Secondly, in spite of the fact that the starting five played over thiee quarters Without lelief, they did not call foi a single time out, but kept i|iovin®^at an untiring pace
Sunday, January 11, 1942
r-r-s ■
Riveter Mfefi^fllace Conference Champs Yesterday afternoon thd Boilba makei rifle cKib team fired then first postal meet of the season against Minnesota’s Golden Go
CDGERTON HDWL, INC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNOUfES ^ ^PLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT ^Aone 4354 We Deliver
andS/oi/es
thoroughly cleaned and re stored to original shape Like ' new Hats 50ci—Gloves 35c Ties 6 for $1.00 At this time of year WARDRDBIE ACCESSORIES begin to show signs of wear and tc^r, to say nothing of wintei dirt. Send them to us foi renewal. DIAL 7270
mm
ALSO LEATHER JACKETS SUEDE JACK3ETS SHOE REPAIRING WOOL GLOVES WOOL SCARFS SWEATERS
shooting gam4 as they hie on thq football field Last ybai the Miitaesota team won the Big Ten championship with a peifect competitive recoid They consistently turned in scores of 6vbi 1,900 points out of a
possible 2,000 points
With the nation at \vai i ifle meets' ale coming into gieatei popular acclaim all over the country Most of
pheis Because it is a postal meet teams in the confeibncc have and the official results are not an statiis of ininor sport teams* bvit nounced until they have been check- the Boilermaker marksmen shoot ed by Di E O Swanson the confer pretty rtiiich pn then dWn as a blub ence scorer, no prediction can be -piiig mtrammal departnlent furnmade on the outcome of yestei day’s nishes thb club With a lifle range shoot and six rifles in Various bortditions of Gophers Plenty trood lepau Some of the members supThere is no doubt thdt the Riv- ply their own rifles, and all of the eteis had a big job on their hands, men must supply their oWn atomunifor the Gopheis are as good in the tmn including during the mejets
■kANNUAL ACQUAUNTANUE SALEM
0 F
njim swki^pk; So that you, too, may" acquaint ypursblf witli this dehghtfiiily difterent luxury soap, the malcer oflers 1 complunentary cake vyith^nq^p^^l 4
Swininiingpub'WillMset Jan. 13; Toweled Pledges Membeis of the Trtton Club are uiged to attend the next meeting qf the club Jan 13 .Discussions at the meeting will include the pledging of freshman aquatic stars and the pui chase of new emblems All membeis should entei the intra-mural swimming mqet Jan 10 I "■ - It IS no spoit for anyone that is neiVous, since the filing is done on a fifty foot range at a taiget that is only one inch and a half in diam- , etei In oidei to scoiethe maximum of ten points the marksman must hit the center bullseye which is only one eighth of an inch, m diametei Each tJontestant has to fire ten shots in four diffeient positions, prone, sitting, kneehng, and offhand A team may enter as many as ten men but only the five best scores aiecounted elk
Page 3
Meet the Team presenting. • •
Dine Tonight ^ NU CHINA GRILL | CHOW MEIH — CHOP SUEY | 409^ Columbia St., *
Reds Defeat In Intrasquad Ga^^ Alter gditim «my to start in ihemtra-fi'osh game that preceded the vprOity tilt m the Fieldhouaelast team began tef mt the middle &t the first away from the White teant^ #«# held the lead eontmually th^ final horn “blasted” then* oil floor the winner* 32 to 23. if Coach Fehrfttg started team consisting ^ Bill Kert^le^^i^ New Albany, Ind, and of Brookston, Ind* at Don MeVey of Lafayette dt and Art Lange of Lafayt^rvpf^ Kenny Moore of Camby, guaids A “White” team of Bob Mason of Cincintj^W fi^ Bob Morris of Lebanon, ek^tvfrf wards, Carl Hoehammer oc^Bryi^L Ind, at center; and Ed EMei^of^ Central, So Bend, and Ed Jon^ of Jasper, Ind, at guards, mal^ FQp the team that furnished th«^pposi^ tion foi the “Red” team.
Essay Entries For Ceeift Contest Due Tomoifow
While Our Present SupiJy last* - fHE BOX OF 4 aud 1 COM^IMBNTARX CAKE
f Everything for a ” f College Education
DJEAq^S
COSMETICS
STREET FLOOR
DR. PAULvk. RISK DR. LUTHER A, RISK DR. HAROLD RISK — DENTfnt „ 400-404 Schultz Bids 4fh. and Mam Sr tafayeitd
Allen Menke By Bob Krieger One of the most talented young playei s who has clinched a berth on the Boileiinakei vaisity cage squad in lecent years is Allen Menke, the tall, langy centei fioni Hunting buig A1 IS 19 years old, weighs 168 pounds, and toweis 6 feet, 4 inches in height l He attended Huntingburg High School wheie he soon established himself as a stai cage pei former
DEAC'S
A Purdue store home owned by a Purdue man and run by Purdue students for Purdue students. “EVERYTHING FOR A COLLEGE EDUCATION” We can’t please everyone but we really try
DEAC'S
We have new and second-hand Purdue University textbooks for sale—books for every course in college.
We also pay 50% cash and 60% trade-in foT textbooks used at Purdue. All candy, gum, and mints sold 3 for 10c / V ^ All form papers from lOc to 39c and 44c per pad Vrfe BtJY AND SELL SECOND-HAND BOOKS EVERY DAY
i ^
H. G. REISNER BOOKSTORE
Students who wish to 'Coinp«tc< nt the Ceres Essay Contest should torn in their essays to Prof F. E. Bothbins m Agincultural HaH befora noon tomorrow The essays mtat. b6written on agronomy and will be judged on English, subject matter, and neatness j d z
He was a member of the freshman team which won the State clampionship, and the following season, A1 aided his team in their successful quest for the Regional title Brothers Played at I U His blethers. Bob and Bill, who graduated fiom Indiana Umversi^ last June, were two of the greatest hardwood stars who ever played for the Cream and Crimson AL is attempting to emulate Bill, who was selected for the All-Amencan cage team The youngest membei of this famous Hoosier hardwood tno is a sophomoie in the School of Mqehgnical Engmeeimg A1 is a member of Sigma Chi fraternity and Skull Ciescent Basketball is his favorite sport, which may be one reason why he shows such promise of devdoping into one of the greatest Boilermaker cage players.
V.
Li! " We pledge you . . . our constanl efforts for a complete and unexcelled service.
SAVE MONEY ON YOUR TEXTBOOKS NEW AND USED
TEXTS AND MATERIALS FOR EVERY COURSE IN ALL DEPARTMENTS
• DESK BLOTTEKS •SCHEDULE CARDS • BOOK COVERS • CAMFUS MAPS
BRING IN YOUR OLD BOOKS and Engineering Supplies—They’re Worth PLENTY of CASH
-FREE DELIVERY — I*ERCHASES OVER $1.00 Don’l Ireezc your ('" ([ liaiuU carrying those coJtl, uir us DELIVER THEM FOR YOU!
SAVE at SOUTHWORTH S
FURHIE eOCKMUFFLYBCRE
■A,i
< k