ft ^ ^^|’i!,i \'>‘u H<t<f^'TV''^' '. ”.' .I’-f."’ ', '■''f'''^■‘'■’■V'j'’’I’v,“„’.1“''**^'■'i''' ’■ . , , ';> ' -' ■ .
y ^ -'" tit/ .J?.!:
tip
1 *
T.'Dori^y Comilig — . I War Coirncii Engages Band For March 28
Eitablithed 1889
x>pj04^iem f Daily Since 1906
Riveter Nettera Maef Michigan Tomorrow On Ann Arbor Court
,
^ \tw ’ Sr ^^*'4?“ , KM' * 'TJ*m-
Volume 53/ No. 131
West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, March 1, 1942
War councii signs Qa^f^eyes Bcat Boilermakers, 42 - 36
Annouflce Opening Musical Groups RivGters Suffor Fifth Defoat; Drop Of Preliminaries PresentConvo To Third-Place Tie In Conference
Dorsey For Convo ' Taking real action along the line of their previously presented program of bettering student morale and helping national defense, the Student War Council announced last night that Tommy Dorsey and his orches- .
Forensic Managers T oMake Application For Berths Monday
tra had been engaged to appear on the campus on March 28. ’ tlorsey and his orchestra Avill appear twice oh that date, in the Music Hall,"and in the Ballrooms of the Union* The Mu.sic Hall concert will begin at '^rSO p. m. and will last until '^9. Admission will be by passports or season convocation tickets, acoompanied by a display of at least fifty cents Worth of Defense Sav-
ings Stamps'.
Hand To I*fay In Union I’h'c ofclhcstra will then move over
For Hanley Contest Before 2,500
Applications for junior and senior positions as forensic managers must be turned in at the west desk of the Union by noon next Monday. Petitions should state the appli-
to til'd Uriibil Building, where Tom- cant’s interest in managerial work, my and his popular band will play . i i , , „ ^ r . • experience, and scholarship index,
for the entei’tainment of dancers in
both ballrooms. The prevailing price Organizing intramural speech of $ltlO ^11 be charged for tickets contests, making local airangeat the dance, but in order to pur- ments for intercollegiate debates chase one of the ducats, all comers , , *i , n- i. . . and planning the annual Ilightvil) have to present fifty cents in “ , ^ Defense Savings Stamps. The same School Debaters conference arc stamps will suffice for admission to some of the duties of Forensic nian-
both the concert and the dance.
To Play for lU Prom
Dorsey and his orchestra will
agers.
Senior men will fill the position of senior varsity manager and di-
come from Bloomington, where he sector of publicity. Coeds will fill Will have played for the Indiana positions of student manager
University prom. The I. U. Prom is
scheduled for March 27.
Students are reminded tliat Defense Savings Stamps are still for sale in the Union, Residence Halls and other places authorized by the War Council a few weeks ago, and
of the Iligh-School Debaters’ Conference and coed vai-sity manager. The position of manager of student speakers bureau may be filled by
cither an cd or a coed.
For each of the five senior of-
that they will continue to remain fiecs, there are two junior offices
open indefinitely.
to be filled.
Florists To Discuss War Effects At f ifteenth Annual Conference Florists of Indiana will discuss the effect of the war on their business at the Fifteenth Annual Conference which will be belt} at the University on next Tuesday and Wednesday. Dr. E. C. Young of the farm management department here will open the conference with a general discussion of the business outlook for the coming
year. Following this, Alec Henderson, president of the Society of American Florists, will speak on “The Florists Place in the War Program.” Tuesday afternoon W. F. Vogler, University personnel director, will lead a discu.ssion on handling personnel. Also on Tuesday afternoon {* demonstration of flower de.signs and a criticism of bouquets, centerpieces and corsages that are submitted, will be open only to Confci-
cncc members. '
The annual florists banquet will be held Tuesday evening. This will be followed by “Floral Musicale,” the arrangements for which were made by Prof. E. K. Honeywell and Elwood Kalin of th" University
Horticulture department.
The meeting on Wednesday will include a resume of the research work being done at the University and discussions of wages and luniis. priorities, greenhouse maintenance and rcpaiis, and economies in p'”
diiction.
Dr.WesselsToGive First Marital Ledure
Tuesday Night at 7:30 Dr. Marie Wcssels will speak Tuesday night at 7:30 in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union, at the first of a series of marital lectures. These leeUmes arc sponsored annually by the Associated Women
Students for senior coeds.
This year, juniors will also be admitted to the lectures by request, since some of them will grailuate before the scries next year. .Jane McCouch, chairman of the maiital lectures, and Agnes McCulloch, president of AWS, will give permission any time before Tuesday night to
attend the lectures.
Dr. Wcssels will speak on “Marriage as a Normal Function’’ next Tuesday. She is a practicing physi-
ciiin in Chicago. Four Lectures
- Thei’c will be four lectui’es in the series. The next will be held on Monday, March 9, with Dr. Frances Iliinnctt fi'om the University of Chicago speaking on “Happiness in Marriage.’’ Dr. Lucein Tower wull
discuss'“Hygiene in Marriage” on the 19ll-’42 Playshop season will he Tuesday, March 17. The last lecture j,, powler Hall tomorrow and
'Male Animal' Tryouts To Begin Tomorrow Tryouts for the final drama in
will be given by Dr. Ralph Gerard of the University of Chicago. He will speak on “Marriage from a Man’s Point of View.” Farm Management Club To Hold Panel Discussion
9
Farm Management club' w'lll liold a meeting next Thursday night, in the lecluie room of the Ilorticultuial building at 7:30 p. m. The program wdll consist of a panel discussion on “The Chances of Getting into Different Ivines of Work aftci' the Wai’” which wdll be conducted by several students and later opened to the meeting foi questions. Refreshments wdll be served. Tickets may be obtained fiom faim management students or in.structors and all interested aie uiged to attend.
Tuesday from 4 to 5:30 p. m. A cast of 13 w ill be required for “Tlie Male Animal,” a Broaihvay hit of several years ago. Any student wdio wnshes to try out foi the cast or euwv may
do so.
WriKcii by TliiiriMT Tlie play was written by James 'riiuiber, well known to New Yorker magazine readers, and starred Elliot Nugent in the leading role of Tommy Turner. This is a three-act comedy about college life in the Midwest, and wdll require eight men and five W'omeii besides numeious
extras.
Plot for the pfay hinges around 03Yld Alien
college life and, as usual, tw'o men compete for the affections of a beautiful w'oman. Other interesting featui’es include a football game, football heroes, a young college piofessoi and a racial .student who writes for the campus magazine.
Talks To Cover Topics Of Engineering Interest Prelimmaries for the sixth annual Hanley Speech Contest will be held in room 301 of University Hall Tuesday, March 24, at 4 p. m. All engineers are eligible to enter the contest. Any engineering topic may be used by the contestants, providing it is approached from an economic standpoint and relates to the war. Entrants should signify their intentions by calling at the Speech offices in University Hall by March
23.
Six spcaker.s will be chosen from the preliminary round to enter the final contest, which will be held in Fowler Hall, Tuesday, March 31, at 7:30 p. m. Last year the contest was won by Dick Spidnggatc, ChE ’41. William Swager, ChE ’42, placed second. Yearly Contest Mr. William A. Hanley, ME ’ll, superintendent of production at Eli Lilly company in Indianapolis, sponsors the yearly contest. lie is also a member of the University Board of Trustees. Prizes amounting to 100 dollais will be awarded to the six students who participate in the final round. Fii’st prize is a 25-dollar defense bond and 15 dollars cash. Second prize is a 26-dollar defense banfl and 6 dollars caslij, and third prize IS a 26-dollar defense bond. Fourth, fifth, and sixth piizcs are 10, 6, and 3 dollars worth of defense stamps respectively. Possible Subjects Possible titles are, “War Taxation,” “After the War, What?” “Economic Importance of Aluminum after the War,” or any other engineering subject which is approached fiom an economic point of view and pertains to the wai. If further infoi mation concciiimg any phase of the contest is desiied, address Bert Squier, manager of the contest. Dean Enders, Vogler Will Speak To Junior, Senior Science Men At a meeting of junior and senior men in the Science School Tuesday at 4 p. m. in Stanley Coulter Hall, Dean Enders of the Science School and W. E, Vogler, Director of Personnel Seivice, will explain the functions of the University Personnell Service, especially the student and alumni record files, and the placement pioccduie. Vogler will discuss the new Peisonnel Record Forms. Science men W'lll be leciiured to report to the Conference Room in the Executive building to complete the new foi ms on cither Thuisday or Friday. Seniors in the Engineering schools have already filled out these new cards. One side of these new Personnel Student’s Record Record Forms will contain an account of the stiulent’s scholastic, activity, employment, and family background. The otliei side is for I he aliiniiii personnel record and will conlain the graduate’s emjiloymeiit record since leaving the University and an analysis of his aptitudes for dilferent types of work. After the discussion of the record cards. Mi. Vogler w'ill explain the operation of the Placement Service, primarily foi the benefit of the juniors.
... in cooperation with Ruth Jamieson, Avill present a piano recital in Duncan Memorial Hall today at 4 p m Allen will play pieces by Bach, Beethoven, Chopin, Milhaud, Shastakovitch, Ravel, and Debussy.
Approximately 2,500 people were in attendance last night when the University Band, Orchestra, singing groups and other musical organizations presented their annual Musical Organizations Convocation. Though the audience was comparatively small, it appreciated the performance of the University’s talented groups, as evidenced by the applause given the performers. Band Opens Program Opening with the National Anthem, the Symphonic Band, under the direction of “Spots” Emrick, continued .with three numbers, one from the “Marriage of Figaro,” by Mozart, a waltz by Strauss, and one from “Solennelle,” by Tschaikovsky. As an encoie, the band played “The Stars and Stripes Forever.” Under the direction of A1 Stewart, the University Choir, the Concert Choir and the Men’s Glee Club presented a' musical review depicting the history of the United States. The University Orchestra, led by Joseph M. Ragains, presented many numbers, including the “Overaturc from Oberon,” by Weber. Met with high acclaim by the audience was Joseph Richards, bass soloist, for his rendition of “OT Man River.” He returned for an encoic, second of the evening. A4.C. Townsend Talks On Farm War Problems M. Clifford Townsend, former governor of Indiana and now director of the Office of Agriculture Defense Relations, Washington, D C., spoke on “Machinery for the Aimy and Machinery for the Farms—A National Emergency” at a meeting of farm war planning boards, county farm machinery committees, faun implement dealers ami farmers from this section of the state held yesterda.v forenoon in the new Agriculliiial Engineeiing building. At the liegiiinmg of his talk, Townsend described the work of his office as that of a liason agent between the UeiKulment of Agriculture and the War Planning Boai'd. lie predicted a shoitage of all materials before the end of the war and he estimated three years as the lowest possible guess on the length of the war. Implcinent Production Cut In speaking of faun implement production, Townsend said that the production of new implements in 1942 would be 83 pei cent of the 1940 production because of the allocation of metal for defense products. Repairs will be increased, how'cver, as 150 per cent of the total metal used for lepairs in 1!)40 will be allotted for repairs this year. He warned all fanners to order all new machinery and repairs now, because of a possible shortage later in the year. Townsend stiessed the importance of the rubber shortage and he suggested that the farmers had better keep a horse and find a buggy. Ill discussing Lhe''farm labor situation, Towiiseml admitted that the situation was becoming more and moie serious, but he suggested the possibilily of using eily laboi and faimeicites lo alleviate the short-
age.
Defei Hunts For Faiiucis Townsend told the farm group that General Il'ershe.y had lecently placed faim workers in the same class as industiial workeis and that moie deferments foi faim workers could be expected in the near futuie. In closing, Townsend pointed out the responsibilities of the implement dealers in keeping the farmers supplied with repairs and he stressed the proper care of farm machinery as a moans of increasing production and saving metal fqi othei phases of the war production program.
Better Homes Clubs To Meet To Discuss Defense Measures Two-Day Conference Will Begin Thursday Indiana Betters Homes and Better Gardens Conference sponsored by tlie Indiana Section of the Better Homes in America and the Garden Club of Indiana will be held on the campus next Thursday and Friday. Both rural and urban women from all parts of the state are expected to attend and take part in the program which is built around the conference theme, “The American Home as Headquarters for National Work.” In general the program will provide information that will assist in answering two principal questions: “How in the field of defense can I do my share in the present emergency?” and “How can I plant my own garden to benefit my family and my community?” Elliott To Speak President E. C. Elliott, who is national president of the Better Homes in America organization, will welcome the group to the campus at the initial session on Thursday morning. Others appearing on the program include Mrs. E. C. Cline, Richmond, chairman of the Indiana Section of Better Homes in America; R. B. Hull, of the horticultural department; Dr. Lillian Gilbrcth, of the engineering staff, who will speak on the conference theme, “The Ameiican Home as Headquarters for National Work,” and many other leading authorities in various fields associated with the home and garden. 'I’o Discuss Seed—Testing Other lojiics to be discussed at I he two day mecling include bringing up and keeping up the home, first aid for the interior of the home, the seed testing program of the Indiana Gaidcn Club, realizing the maximum use and cnioyment of the home guuinds, tuinips and tulijis, coiiseiv.ilioii (d’ marginal materials, commuiiily jdaiis for the future,Uermites in Ihe home and yard, and picpaiediicss for tomorlow’s home. There will be no admission fee and anyone interested may attend Ihe sessions by legisteiing Thursday morning m the lobby of the
Union.
Johnson Will Give Open lecture on Radiography Philip D. .I'ohnsoii, technical advisor of Ihe Radium Chemical Comliany, Chicago, w'lll speak on “Industrial Radiogiaphy with Radium as a Souice” at an open mceling to be held next Wednesday at 7 p. m. in room 103 of the Physics buiUliiig. In his talk, Johnson will discuss the use oJ radium in detecting flaws and defects in metal and alloy castings and will show 50 slides illustrating the use of this method in solving typical industrial problems. Bv using llie rays which aie naturally emitted from radium, it is possible to examine the internal stiuc-
ture of I lurk imdal sections.
The meeting b.-is been scheduled by the defense training office for Ur. E. P. Miller’s class in applied X-iays, lull the leetmc will be nontechnical and anyone interested is
invited lo attend. f
Prpf. J. L. Bray To Speak On South America Tonight Profe.-^soi J. T*. Biay, head of Hie School of Chemical and Metallurgical Engineeiing, will speak at the meeting of the Sunday Evening club of the University Church' this evening. He will discuss * South America on the basis of his experiences among its people during some years which he spent in Latin
America.
Rudy Soderquist Garners 13 Points; Blanken, Tierney Top Losers With 8 IOWA CITY, Iowa, Feb. 28.—(Special to Purdue Exponent) —Iowa’s Hawkeyes came roaring back in the final two minutes tonight to score six points and hand the Boilermakers a 42 to 36 defeat, before a crowd of 12,500 hardwood fans in the Field-
house here.
Piggy Lambert’s boys got away to an early lead, but once again they were unable to maintain their initial advantage.
The Hiiwkeyes caught up with them in the middle of the opening period, and continued to forge ahead. The local lads left the court at half time wijth the scoreboard reading 23 to 16
in their favor.
Riveters’ Comeback Wl\en play was resumed, the Riveters began to stage a comeback. Paced by Tierney, Sprowl and Menke, the Boilermakers took the offensive away from trie Hawkeyes, and actually held a momentary 36 to 36 advantage over their foes when Menke sank two free throws with three minutes left to play in
the game.
At this point, Soderquist and Chapman of the Hawkeyes added to their already prolific scoring totals to put the game on ice. The former was the leading scorer of the evening, being responsible for 13 tallies, while Chapman was close behind with 10. Tierney and Blanken showed the way in the scoring department for the Riveters, each hanging up 8 maikers. Blanken Scores Shortly after the game got under way. Captain Don Blanken sent the Riveters away to a flying start when he scored on a lay up shot from beneath the Hawkeye basket. Not until after Menke scored on a free throw were the Hawkeye.s able to break into the .'.coiing column. Chapman received a charity toss when he was fouled by Blanken and
Ten Howitzer Squads To Vie Tuesday Night Second 156 MM howitzer squad competition of the year will be held next Tuesday evening at 7:30 p. m. in the Armory. Ten howitzer squads each composed of ten sophomores and trained by two junior cadet officers, have been practicing for the last six weeks and they will compete for the citations and merits of-
fered as prizes.
The competition will be judged by members of the military staff and the judging will be based on the inspection of the squads, knowledge of howitzers and performance
in gun drill.
In previous years only one competition was held each year, but this year two competitions are being held because of the increased interest. The program is open to the public, and bleachers will be install-" ed in the Armory to accommodate
the audience.
H. F. Judkins To Talk On Dairying In Union H. F. Judkins will speak on "The Role of the College Graduate itt the Dairy Industry” Tuesday afternoon,
sent the ball right through the bas- March 3, at 12:30 in room 356 of
ket to account for the initial tally by his team. Hawkeyes Lead Chapman sank two free throws when he was fouled by Blanken and the Hawkeyes led by a score of 8 to (!. At this point, Lambert sent Johnny Galvm into the game nr place of Frosty Sprowl, who was handicapped by a leg injury. The erstwhile Chicago grid star fouled Siegel and the Iowa co-captain scored a direct hit on the charity toss. Soon after, Galvin repealed the foul on Chapman. Once again (See HAWKEYES, Page 3) WAA Coeds May Apply For Council Positions; Elections Wednesday Applications for council positions arc still in order for all WAA actives. They may obtain the blanks at the WAA office in the Gym and must return them before March 10. Positions open on the council consist of cabin leader, social chairman, and heads of the various sports, as well as other council positions. Elections Wednesday Elections will be hekl Wednesday, March 11, in the hall of the Union. A list of all active members is posted on the WAA bulletin boaid in the Gym and only those persons may vote. '1*0 become an active, 25 points must have been earneil during the WAA year and annual dius must be
paid.
' At a mass meeting next Wednesday at 4 p m. 111 the Gym, candidales for election lo officers positions will be inlioduced. They are: for president, Barbara Ford, Gail Ueniiis; for rice-pievident, Ruth Walkei, Elizabeth Bingham; for secretary, Jean Steicerrsukl, Nancy Gooper; for tica:>uii'i. Jam Blank, Virginia Rapp. A quoi um is iieces-
saiy for this meeting
Primaly elections w ill be hekl and nominations for officers’ positions will also be accepted from the floor
at this time.
the Union. Before the lecture, a luncheon will be given for Judkins at 11:45 a. m. in the Chestnut Room of the Union. Those who are interested in attending the luncheon are asked to see some member of the dairy stuff. All students interested in dairying are urged to attend both the luncheon and the lec-
tin e.
Judkins is a graduate of Iowa State College, and is a former head of the dairying school at Massachusetts College of Agi’iculture. He IS now the president of the American Dairy Science Association and vice-president of the Sealtest Corporation
The iVighl Editor’s • COMER •
It’s been Sunday for a couple of hours now, and the linotypes are grinding out the last slugs of le|id that will carry today’s news. Yesterday was not an exciting day for the journalism business. No interesting files—po new staff members—no military victories—just an ordinary Satiu'day. The War Council brought in the T. Dorsey story so we had a left-hand leadAof coiuse, they didn’t bring it itt until 11 o’clock, but that was o. ktoo. At least it broke up the lowtt
game gloom.
We suggest a course m the rudiments of mathematics for those enrolled in the PE school—^maybe, a^ a substitute for Sandbags 12 — for Jon Beniia brought in the result® (it the boxing match and informed us that five and three are equal to lime . very edifying. The stones arc falling into UttO fast ami in a few minutes the p#pel will have been put to bed, ai^ we will be headed that way ottr* si-lve.:,-—stopping off on the way fq* a little breakfast. We've gotten a lot of fUtt OUt of the past year in the newspap^ game. Wc’ll miss the deadlines, ag conferences and the people Wkp didn’t get their Exponent But It will be nice having a week with A Sunday morning in it. r.Lh„ o.W^ fi
t I
^ ‘1 1
fi,tge2
13 Purdue Exponent
Sunday, March 1, 194^
clieji, becau>?c in yeara to coble bo pioud of this collector’s item It s Jump Jump, Jump todays because heic comes Goodman with some of the solidest stuff this yeari One of ’em you’ve been waiting foi since Cluistmas, that’s the “Jei scy Bounce ’ The aiiangement locks with all the fullness of B< G’s band Mel Powells piano iiteially sparh* les nil of the way through in the back^iound Goodman, McGaiiity, Musso, and Powoll shaie the solo spotlight Goodman's spot irl this is comparatuely small ‘SA Stiing of Penis” P/iwell’s airangement leally does this swell tune justice, and his piano on thw side, again, is something to wiite homo about B G himself comes to the fiont mpic in this one, and he sounds plenty good The tiumpet’s nlf and Powell’s piano at the last, lei\e you something to lemember While we’re on the subject of Goodman we think theie’s something, 01 lathei, someone who can’t be ovei looked any longei It’s B G’s pianist Mel Powell This kid de«eives unlimited praise for his spaikhng style which gives Goodman’s aiiangcments then “life” He’s Bennies gicatest discoveiy since Lionel Hampton Just listen to the intio on ‘How Long Has This Been Goiiu On oi “Anything,” and hen how smoothly diffeient his nils md choids aie itfel’s backgi ourd woik is somewhat similai to tint of Jess Stacey but he leally cinL be compaied to my one else
SiSISSSS
University Calendar MARCH 1 - 1, 1942
Sunday, March 1 10 00 AM—Indiana Chiistiun btudent As 'oeiation Room 303 Union 7 30 PM—Scincnei Club Meeting Room 261 Ui ion 8 00 PM—Woild Student Scince Pund Dine Crmmittce Most Faculty Lge
Union
Monday, March. 2
4 00 P M —Union Committee
4 00 PM700 PM7 00 P M - 7 30 P M -
9 00 A,M - 9 00 A M -
11 45 A M - 12.30 PM1 00 P M - 3 00 P M - 4 00 P M - 4 30 P M -
G 30 P M 7 30 PM 7 30 P M - 7 30 PM 7 so PM 7 30 P M 7 30 PM 7 30 P JI 7 30 P M 7 30 PM 8 00 P M
-Agionomy Seminai -Social Science Forum -P I A Dance Class -Reamer Club Meeting C '■ 4 Tuesday, March -Fjist Aid—Red Cioss -Indiana State Floiists’ Con
feience
-Daily Depaitment—Staff Luncheon -Dany Depaitment Meeting -Floial Demonstiation -Symphony Unit -Committee on State of Umveisity -Indiana State Floiists’ Association
Rms 303, 304 & 305,
Union
Room 201 Ag Hall Room 263, Union Noith Ballioom, Union Room 304, Union
Room 305, Union East Faculty' Lge Union Room 330, Union Room 355, Union Noith Ballioom, Union Room 261 Union Room 263 Union
VUSMWtOM MERRY-QO-ROUM
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
East Faculty Lounge
Union
Room 363 Union We'^t Faculty Lge
Union
-Chiistian Science Oiganizatioii Room 303, Union
-Flciia,ts Confeience Banquet
-Mariiago Lectuie
—Ceres Meeting —A S M E Meeting —Alpha Phi Omega
—Distinguished Howitzei
Competition —Silvei Mask
—Cimeia Club —Foie^stxv Club Aleeting —Floiists ConfCl fence Musicale Lound 4—All Campus Dis cus ion Contest
Room 306 Union Room 207 ME Bldg Room 307 Union Aimoiy Boom 304 Union Rcom o02 Union Room 117 Holt Bldg Both Balhooms Union
Wednesday, March Indiai a State Floiists Confeience 9 00 A M—Fast Aid 7 00 P A1—-Ceitification Inspectois
Ti ninmg
7 lo P M—PI ilatehc Society 7 15 PM—Hoof and Horn Club Meeting 7 30 PM—Play^hop Beyond the
hoii/on
7 30 P 51—Maiinge Couis 7 30 PM—Scabbaid and Blide 7 30 P M —IIoi ticultui il Society 8 00 PM —Faculty Religious Group Thursday, March 10 00 AM—Better Homes Confeience o 00 PM—Sqieen Le\iew 3 00 P M —Lay Comniittoe Meeting 4 00 PM—Reeication rxhibits 4 00 P 51—Committee foi Rcei cation
Exhibit'-
6 30 P M —Bette Homes Banquet 6 30 PM—Lay Committee Reel cation
Banquet
6 45 PM—Wintei Couise Society 7 30 PM—Chiistian Student lellow'-hip 7 30 PM—P I A Choi us 7 30 P 51 —GiaUuatc D unes 7 30 PM—Play shop 7 30 P 51—\gi Leonomic Student Staff Meetii t.
Room o05 Union Room 104 Ag Hall Room tj03 Union Assembly Rni Ag Hall Eliza roy\lei Hall Rms 302 304 Union Toyyei Union Room 117 Hoit Bldg E Faculty Lge Union
Both Faculty Lges
Union
Hill of 5Iu-,ic Room 304 Union Rooms 232 236 Union L & W Reception Rms
Union
\oith Ballioom Union Si ulh Ballioom, Union Assembly Rm , Ag Hall Room c07 Union Towel Union Room 263 Union Elizi Foyylei Hall Room 118 Holt Bldg
Friday, March 9 00 A M —F11 st Aid 10 00 AM—Bcttei Homes Confeience 4 00 PM —Wai Leetuie ^ 30 P M Cosmopolitan Club Meeting 7 00 P 51 —Chinese Students 7 30 PM—-Mixed Reeication 7 30 P M —Inteifiatoinity Fellnyyshiu 7 30 P 51—Play shop 8 oO P 51—Caiy Club Dance
Room 305 Union E & 5V Faculty Lges Union Eliza Fowlei Hill Room 304 Union Room 261 Union IVomen s Gymnasium Room 307 Union Elizi Fowlei Hall Both Balhooms Union
Safurday, March 7
0 00 A 51 —Distiiet Handciaft Institute 2 jO P 51—Swimming Meet—Noith
y\c3tei n
7 30 P5I—Plavshop 8 uO P 51 —Student Co op Dance 8 30 P 51—5Iaiwood SCA Dance 8 jO P 51—Union 5Iixei
Room 36o Union Fieldhouse Eliza Fowlei Hall West Faculty Lge
Union
5Iaiwood House \oith Ballioom, Umoa
Buy Defense Savings Stamps
OPA To Cut High Cost Of Dying; Car Shortage Hits German Railroads WASHINGTON — The Office of Puce Adminlsti^tion is giving a new twist to the high cost of Jiving Its not being adveitised but 0 P A experts aie quietly inyestigat mg the high cost of dying They yvant to place a ceiling on fiineial puces This IS because many com plaints have been received that the government, while regulating other prices is doing nothing ubout funeral charges These have been soaring skyward for months But since the mortician business uses strategic mateuals it is sub ject to OPA control — w hich w ill soon be exeicised Data aie being eollectod in vu cial costs As soon as this infouna lous sections of the countiy on tun tion IS compiled puce ceilings yull be fixed To see that they aie en foiced Puee Administiatoi Leon Hendcison plans to set up tyyo spee lal offices in the East plus one each in Chicago Denyei and on th.. 55 cst Coast Note Theie will be no lation ing of funeials In this instance OPA is inteiested only in holding down costs John L Lewis Purge It hnsn t leeeived as much pub licity IS Piesident Roo cvelt s sen atou il puigo of 1938 but veiy quietly the John L Lewis family is eondueting v CIO puige of its own Ihe puige IS directed against those who diffei fiom John L Lewis oi his daughtei Kathryn on their isolationist anti Roose yelt foreign policy and about forty I nitcd 5Iine 5\oikeis have yvalked the plank since Peail Harboi 5ciy recently the tempo ot exits eyen i cached the pace of seyen people hied in ten days 5Iuch ot the tioublc his been eonecntiated m Distiict 50 the fa mous blanch ot tho Lnited Mine \¥oikeis now busily en^jaged in oi gani/ing the diiiy taimcis of Ney\ Yolk State Distiiet 50 yy is estib hbhed to embi lee gas, coke and ehomic il yyoikcis md is undei the dijcct dueelion ot Katin yn Leyyis Nominally its piesident is Oia E Gassayyay but he has been known to complain You know Im going to bnvl Kathryn out She keeps hung these guys and makes me sign the letters ’ Jiouble in'-ide ot Distiiet 50 be gan shoitly aftci Peail Haiboi when many leadtis insuic the union demanded that 5Ius Lewis lesign t om the Ameuea Enst Committee They told liei th it the eountiy should be united and thit she should change hei anti Roosevelt toieign policy tune The Purge Begins Ihis yy IS bitteily iceenterl both by Kathryn and hei fathei Where upon the puige began Among those pulled has been Heiman Clott wlio two yyeekb befoie yyas pi used by Lewis toi his Alcoi negoti ition Itowevei he was cillud in by Kith lyn Lewis and told 5ou must change youi fiien 1 change y oui )ob 55'hcn he letu-'Cd to e i u gc li i lends he w s hi ed \Hitd C 5 in las el diieetoi
of reseaieh, lack liyc, legional dueetoi in Texas, and\^Donald Pond, field leifiesenlatne ui Ohio, also were eillcd in and told to change then frunds «i change their jobs 51i s I ewis even reached doivn and filed three sten ogiapheis who hid been yy ith hei for some time Leeau..e tluy did not agree with hu yieyy-, o,i the yvai Some ot the ibove wcie i oi dis missed howcvei yy ithoi i i he 11 to heait Icvlk tiom Mi*- I twu ‘ if you stick by in' she told one purgee, well fake care of you The United 5Iine IViikeis is a good treasury The I eivises stand by then fi lends The people yvho are leaving us aie going to be sorry But as long as Mi Lewis is the Piesident of the United Mine 5Varkers the poll cies of Mr Lewis aie the ijohcies of the United Mine 5Vorkers ot \menea ” Kathryn has deliveied this peech seveial times, appaienily has leain ed almost by heaii—even to the flouushes yvhich aic almost as foi ensic as hei fathci s Against those yy ho do not y leld and iccept the Loyyis yy u vieyys thcio has been evidence of inciens mg bitterness One offienl yylio left the United Mine 5¥oikei& was block ed fiom getting n goveu ment job by 1 my^teiious hand in the Leyvis oignnizition Othei pii.,ed Mine 5¥oilei oHiciils hive insisted on getting i tatement lioin tin 1 c ul bookkeepci shoyvmg- th it they oyVed thi iiion no money They do not 111 c K illuyn s veiled thieats Note Rcsunin mine oftiei ils haye h d deducted tioin then p ly $1 i month IS cues to the comp my union Inch s epei itcd by Di tiict 50 This IS liiown is I oc il 12270 Kitluyn Lew s PKsicent Eviiy one IS leoui ed tr )om md dues ue died e 1 olf whethu menbcis lil e it OI not Nazi Rail Shortage Ihe Uiiitod Si lies Govoinmcnt his citticLilty getting icciuite le polls of conditions m Ceim iin these diy But tiein i leuti il listenii p post th s wed eomes the follow ing Geunany is suiter ng m uiite shod lge ol I ail eiiuq ment (nil 1 ms line been ins metej n >t to tiayel my w hei on the lailioids except on the most urgent Inisi ness I’ciiallit loi yiolilion ol this I ule u e sey ei e 5bo it 1 0 000 iiei it cus ue be ic e 1 0 b i i e m I u in ei m tl e 1 e mj i n—e Uhi i
seiving as baii-acks, oi immobilized Ol lost in the iclioat A total of 180,000 tieighl cars means that 1 300 Height tiains of too eai seaeh aie out of the lunning so fai as use within Geimany IS eonceined Government Duplication Speaking of Goveinment dupliea tion thcie happen to be no loss than nine diffeient ageneiq^, handling the weighty pioblem of spices De ^pitc all this cxpeit attention, the Wai Pioduetion Boaid lecently sent 11 150 000 pounds of spice to Sweden when it was only sup posed to send 500 pounds Actually what happened was that someone in WPB made a bookkeeping eiror, so that the 11 160 000 pounds wege shown on the expoit licenses as having been shipped Foitunately no ‘vuch shipment actually was made No less than three different bureaus handle the problem nf economic warfare and export contiol There is the Bureau of Economic Warfare under Vice President Wallace and Milo Peikins Theie is the Bureau of Foreign Tiade Intelligence under the checks up on whether foreign Commerce Depaitment, which companies aie trading yvith the Axis Finally a third and very similar buieau is conducted by CorJell Hull in the State Department Each bureau has from 50 to 100 stenogiaphera clerks, ex ecutiyes partially if not largely duplicating the yyork of the others When it comes lo publicity and piopi., ndn goveinment dupliea tion leally sets a leeoid Fust Roosevelt established the Office ot Goveinment Repoits undoi Lowell 5Iellett supposed to handle piopa mda But it didn t 55ith its fail uie the Donov m Committee was bom to handle p op iganda in toi cign countiies Latei came the Ot fice of Facts md Figiucs undei Aichibald MacLei^eh to spui pio pap irdi m the USA Thcio is also the Rockcfcllei Committee wh eh piopigmdiZLS m South \me ici md the S a e Deput nent Divi on ot t ultiuM Rel i lions vihieh i oes the «ime thing N(te Uiiflei i CovLiimeit Re (Coi lied c 11 ]) ij,L )
By J D Hemplemaii PI ATTER CHATTER heie’s a positive “must’ foi cv eiyoiie this yeai Its the new all star, and it’s oti Columbia this time Again the Metionome pole has biought togethei the best in musi cal genius Admiial Goodman is pi loting the Clew Its Kiupa Basie Kilby, A Rey, The Cootie Bainet, Higgenbotham and Bennie Caitei on the “B” side On the ‘ A’ side Mondello Beneke, James Eldiidge and McGanity aie added and Fied die Gieene leplaces Rey on guitai “Doc ’ Goldbeig leplaces Kiiby and Musso takes the tenoi spot instead of Barnet “Royal Flush” was wiitten by Basie and it locks all the way trom the foui bai piano intio Aftci the fiist choius of this eight bai iiff tune one solo eomes aftei the othei The 1 by thin seems to have the edee ovei e'eiything else in its smooth ness Listen do ely behind the sax tigmes at the list fo Goodmans elaimet ‘ I Got Rhythm is stion^ iii Kci by =tylo ind Keibv s bass is spot ted twice This is i loup ot ton notch solos „iouped togethei nice ly Bainet is m lop loim vvliieh is something which ha«n t h ipponi d in quite i while The uiui^u il on this sid( IS Goodin m ^ low icgi tci eluv which IS leniinisceit ot Eizolis It ends up m i tiue dixieland li^t ehoiu Toil cm t mi s this one ehil
NIBROC PAPER TOWELS None Better Prices to Suit PHONE 7828 Ikmm PRIH!!H6 CO.
Evciythmg foi a ( allege Edutation DEAC’S
ARC
TODAY
MONDAY
^-GREATEST EVER MAOB"
Aioto 111 the splendor of 1 tropical pandiso’
STOWS vmin
The Mercury Actors
Joseptv Collen Doioth-y Coitnngore Hay Collins Goorge Coulouns
Agnes Moorehead
ANb
LUMA TODAY-MON.—2 HITS FtjCTION'S SLICKEST ROGUE in Ihs loughcxcit«men(; crammed career!
PLUS
this I witn IMP
A RigPUBtsILPPICTUR
ALSO
Jack OAKR George MURPHY Linda DARNELL Walt BRENNAN Milton BERIE in
THE MAD HATTER CO’OR CARTOON
ihTechn'
COlO*-'-
—EXTRA—
/j C
'll"' ’ r fi
TODAY-MONDAY TWO FIRST RUN HITS
THESE BOOGIE-WOOGIE MEN WILL GET YOU IN THE GROOVE >-as a quartette of crackpots lut the Jackpot witt titeir blondo blaze who wants to setthe night club world on fire
MAM Starts TODAY
(piutckuL ^xpomnL All-American 1940-'41
Entered aa secund class matter at the post office m lahiyetto Indian i undei tho let ol Congiess of March 8 1879 and at the spetial lafc of poatage pioyitlcd (oi in hoetion 1103 act oi Oetohei 3 1917, aulhonztxi January 20, 1922 PublishtM daily extepl 5lond ly duiing the legiilar aeadimic jiiir and yycekh during the Suniniti hesbioii Deliyered locally by eairier loi 83 50 per year mail sub bcriptions, SI 00
Lditor hportp Lditor
Ned A Ochiltfi}' UuuincsE Manfii>cr John i Iraukott Lditur Phii J ihneoh Cued L.d lur
Don S Dowcis L'clund \V Kiiffner Kuiu Uose
Publication Staff
I dllflliel isliilT 1 ■11 H« il V 1 bplirts J O 1
k I) I Hr pby
I H 1 vl r
Iota bUCr Mury h JoyiiU/i Mi ( i mil 11 J me BamsUeii
Business Staff C li PiiamesB Manixir P ii a bu 00)1.1 Msimgrr I e Uo (Ol R Loral Adierlmmit MaiiogirB h K ( j , ro ft I S Mr n e irrulatioii Alsnagrr W 1 BiH Accounts Miiiugcr W n MiiliiKl Junior 1 Oft) Managers Jean 1 rank nberry 1 rune s 1 1 y I Julii Martin
Starts TODAY
Phones. Editorial and Business 4005 Sports 2792 Editorial After 10 PM 5377
rt trot ntcri for nitirital advorti it k I y National Advcrtia mt Sin It) 1 c ( oil fc 1 lUibhcra K i icaciitutivcs 4Z0 Madibon Avc Nc v Yoik N Y
Staff For This Issue
NJfbt iliUtori Half L>«y Ldilcr Wickard
Uaue bditor Hadley Night bpurU Lditur Krieger
liuti Vc(,h 1
SWEEPING ROMANTIC ADVENTURE AND THR'LLS
"HAVOC on the screen — direct from B way 3 smash stage hit Pal ^
]oty
With
/
Ray BIILfiER ' Mm SliiLEY
JUNE mW • GESS ARNAZ • lAGK GyiSANT EOSSEFOY.JRa^FRSTZFELD PLUS
HENRY DANIEiL
SAMUEL GOLDWYN Presents
o •
HER*
* • • in fhfl nationally famed stago success of a beauty whose ruthless ambition spelt the doom of three men I
The most taerailoBs woman a man ever loved!
HERBERT HJRSHILL null nnr-iniu iiusiiI ,
Sy .- v’.y*
ti ’ :
' ij
tSii J
:v/, / A
■i'*^ ».*fj vcya*" f5.‘'*^'--tR»''»^#*»
wimmers/
Senna's Boxers Take De%b!nnOVerSt.Joe ^ Coach Joo Bonna’s Boilermaker
tioxing team won its first match of the abaacm 4ast rtight defeating St. Joseph College of Rensselaer by a 6-3 margin in the Rieldhouse ring.
5 Previously "the teaih had lost to
Miehigan State and Murray State Teachers college of Kentucky. It ivas the first home match for the
|live^^ team in three years.
Boughati Bias K. 0.
Captain Qus Boughan, 156 pound
'Ippther-swinger, provided the high-
light of the evening by knocking Oht hiSi Opponent in One minute and 16'seconds of the first round. The five other Gold and Black bout .winners were Hugh Bowles, Stan Otz, “Doc*’’ Savage, Nick Nich-
olas and Don McMillen. CHAMPAIGN, 111., Feb. 28.—(Special to the Purdue Expon- < Benna claims his boys are not in —Paced by Kratzer and Hansel, the Hoilermaker aquatic PURDUE
te»m romped home to a 62 to 32 triumph pver the Illinoie Sprowl squad before a good-sized crowd in the gyhi here tonight.
jh Captain Kratzei won the 100 yard
free style, in addition to taking
/A i'-'fMh
Sunday, March'1, 1942
Page 3
Boilermaker Tdhkmen Wolverine^ Next Test Defeat lllini S2 To 32 For Boilermaker Five
Two Out With Injuries . ' 1 The Boilermakers fought tohight without the services of Don 'Elfin and Prank Alexander, both of whom
are injured.
t All bouts in the Riveter-St. Joe meet were of thiee rounds, maxi-
mum.
Prosty Sprowl
THECALLT0THEC01,9^^ IS A CALL FOR DOLLARS!
pig deep. Strike hard. Our boys need the planes, ships, and gtms which your money will help to buy. Oo to your bank, post ofifice, or savings and loan association. Tell them you want to buy Defense Bonds regularly, starting . now.
Boilermaker forward.
idiC
PAUL'S PLACE
10c
BEEF STEAK HOME MADE CHILI
BEEF BARB-Q PORK TENDERLOIN
Phone 264r
FURNAS ICE CREAM 216 W. Columbia St.
We Deliver
'(fkpiMlt your sports wardrobe lor Spring!
' ^ ti
Freshen
?t .A
a twin nation.
our skirt with
y / con""'
sweater combi-
Comfort,, and, relaxatipn , 0^1 vv jn /c'' can be found in a welltailored year-'round favorite slack suit. ? \ ‘I,** f** ^ pj Sweaters. ^lack Si^iits^ ; , ^(^porate Slacks Skirts. Jackets
$1.95 - $3.95 $5.95 - $12.95 $L95-$3.95 $2.95-$5.95 $3.95 - $10.95
Sfiottiu Bcui.
530 Main Street
Plionc 4935
part in both victorious relay events. Hansel, not to be outdone by the Riveter captain, swam off with the laui'els in both the 220 and 440 yard events and was the high point man on the triumphant Boilermaker squad with 10 points. 300 YARD MEDLEY RELAY—Won by Purdue (Williamson, Kratzer, Aneker) Illinois, second. Time, 3:16 1 200 YARD FREE STYLE—Won by Hansel (Purdue) ; Kreuck (Purdue) second, Breklie (Illinois) third Time, 2 "06 9 00 YARD FREE STYLE—Won by Biannor (P) , Meeland (111.) second, Brown (I)
third. 'Time, 25 5
FANCY DIVING—Won by Middleton (I) , Jcunsst (P) second, Harrold (I) third Winnini; Time, 104 43 100 YARD FREE STYLE—Won by Kiat(jLi (P) , Hen (P) second, Wetland (I)
third Time, .65 9
150 YARD BACK STROKE—Won by Roach (I), Anderson (P) second, Aneker (P) third. Time, 1-47 9. 200 YARD BREAST STROKE—Won by Williamson (P) Andcison (I) second, Gill (I) thud Time, 2 44 6 440 YARD FREE STYLE—Won by Hansel (P) Brekke (I) second, Hartman (I)
third Time, 6 24
400 YARD FREE STYLE RELAY—Won by Purdue (Herr, Branner, Krueek, Krat-
ZLi). Time, 3148 6.
Last Night's Results Wisconsin, 44; Ohio State, 39. Indiana, 54; Minnesota, 43. Michigan, 49; Chicago, 26. Illinois, 63; Northwestern, 49. Big Ten Standings
Riley
Menke . .
Polk
Blanken (C)
PROBABLE LINE‘UP
POSITION MICHIGAN F Comin ...F Shemky C.. - . Mandler G.. . ... . Doyle . .. G . .. Bikoff
BROADCAST—WBAA
Tomorrow night the Boilermakers will engage Michigan’s Wolverines at Ann Atbor. This game will be the fourth consecutive road engagement for Piggy Lambert’s cagers and will be the next to last game of the season for .the squad. The two quintets met on January 7 on the Riveter’s floor, and at that time the Wolverines went down on the short end ' of a 36-18 count. Coach Benny Oos-
tei’baan’s Michigan five seemed un-
Rud^ Soderquist
W
L
PCT.
Illinois
12
1
.923
Indiana
9
4
.692
Iowa
9
4
.692
Purdue
8
5
.615
Minnesota
8
5
.615
Wisconsin
8
5
.613
Michigan
5
9
.357
Northwestern
4
10
.286
Chicago
0
15
.000
. . . loWa guaid, led his team to victory over the Boilermakers last night when he accounted for 13 of the 42 points scored by the Hawkej es.
S I Dine Tonight NU CHINA GRILL I f CHOW MEIN CHOP SUEY f 409 Colupibia St.
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS llniversily Book Store
Doc'* rpple *40
^ ' SCOBEE’S SENIORS I Elnplojcrs are inlcriietving now— DON’T DELAY — Have application ^iphotos ready—Reliable service. Phone 2343 105 Northwesfern
Ave.
able to cope with tfie tight Riveter defense, and had to content themselves with long shots or else looping tosses over the hands of some
defensive playei. Handler Is Threat
An indication of the type of shots that they had to take all evening is the fact that they got only seven baskets in 52 attempts. Jack Mandler, the giant Wolverine pivot man, was the only Michigan eager to prove particularly troublesome to the Boilermaker defense. Jack has been the outstanding member of a club that is at present tied for fifth place in the scoring race at the present time, gnd is without a doubt the piincipal Michigan threat.
Stopped Gophers
In spite of their low place in the conference standings, the Wolves have victories over Minnesota, Ohio State, and Northwestern to their Cl edit. These upset wins indicate that Michigan is dangerous and is capable of a win over any team in the confeience if they happen to have a hot night on the flooi. Captain Don Blanken had a field day against the Wolverines the fiist time that they met the Riveters with five baskets. In addition to his scoring Don played an excellent flooi game and repeatedly stopped potential Michigan scoring thi lists with his spectacular pass inteiceptions. A1 Menke managed to fake Jack Mandler off his feet several times dining the evening and diive under for the score, and one of the fcaliucs of tomoilow night’s game should be the duel between these two fine pivot men e.l.k.
Purdue First Again—Physical Prefxaredfiest Thi ough the far-sighted work of Dr. Floyd Eastwodd and the tion of President Elliott, Purdue University was six nnmtItSL ahe«rd o£ field in adapting its curriculum to the emergency by a physical {HrepatfOl’' ness couise. The coui’se was first offered in March, 1941, aS a course, and last September was made compulsory to all students With an A 01 B Health rating, 21 to 27 years of age. . . ^ The splendid program begun at Purdue nearly a year ago Vai used as a model by large numbers of schools over the country wfip Bate originated a similar course. Results Show Fine Improvement - * Now that two semesters of the course have been passed, compata^e figures showing the results of the course have beeir eoitipiled^ TtfeSe records have been carefully tabulated from tests a the begintung df tfec course and at the end—showing fhe amount of imprdvenienf. 2S1 stodents took the course starting in March, and 844 enrolled in the past se-
mester.
The results are quite sti iking—showing the real benefits which have been obtained. A bigger gain was made by the students in the seeotjd semester of the course than m the first. For instance, students' in the MinA course staited with an average number of push-ups of 16.27 and fini^ted with an aveiage of 22.24. Last September the students first average IvaS 15.77, and the post test in January was 23.15, for a gain of 47 percent during the semestei. The increase in pull-ups was even larger. Last September the Average was just 4.89 while the Januai’y mean was 7.96, or 63 percent. Champions in P. E. M. 12 There are champions in this course as well as in atty siport.Heiay Evans is the number one push-upper with a total of 70. Lloyd B^’d^eadis in the number of pull-ups, 26. W. T. Wagner made the mark of 28 isefaes in the difficult leach and jump (standing flat footed and tooehfng- as high as you can jump) as did A. L. Fulks. C. L. Good and B<fe Ehnin^man have the recoid on the two mile walk at 19 minutes and 60 seconds. Whaf Is Your P. Q. (Physical Quotient') ? P. Q.’s, I. Q.’s and several other Q’s have been very popular in. the j>asi several yeai s, but now there has been compiled a P, Q. test, arefenipg^^to Physical Quotient. By taking this test, you may learn whether yoa sre superioi, above average, aveiage, below average or inferior phyaica^^ The figures show the average number of four exercises which you most do to qualify in the vaiious ranks. Where do you fall? PHYSICAL QUOTIENT -- > Scores Push-ups Pull-ups Reach, Jump Two Miles
96-100 (Supeiior)
80- 95 (above average)
60- 79 (average)
40- 59 (below average)
- 39 I'mfciioi)
46
20
28”
18 min. -
42
17
25”
19 min*
33
13
22”
20:46 mha.
23
9
19”
22:46 min..
7
4
14”
26.37 min. .
Don Blanken
. . . Riveter captain who shared scoring honors with Mickey Tierney last night.
One of the world's great fragrances 5n FlQVyer Mist for after-bath freshness...in Perfume for the final touch of exquisite grooming. Biup GRASS FLOWER MIST,..l 25 BLUB GRASS PERFUME '1.25 cfcelid^
EDGERTON HDWE.JNC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
Order Your K. & E. SLIDE RULES now at
PTOEB€0!(g. SUPPLY OTE
308-10 LTATE tTREEi WEST tATAYETTE INU
HawkeyesBeai//. (Continued from page 1) the ball went sailing through tba basket but the refeiee refused to allow the tally when he noticed^ the Hawkeye step over the line. Sodecquist then came through to sii^ two field goals and a free tfaroht, shortly before the half ended with Iowa leading by 23^ to 16. Polk Comes Through When the teams resumed play, the Riveters began to close the gap when fiery little Cecil Polk scored three field goals and Captain Blanks en sank two. Midway daring the peiiod, Menke fouled Kuhl, and the giant 6 foot 6 inch Hawkeye pivot man made good on the free throw to put his team ahead hy-28~to 2S. Kuhl then fouled Riley when the former Lafayette star was in the act of shooting. “Horsey” was awarded two free throws but was able to capitalize on only one of them. Riley Scores With nine minutes left to play Riley scored on a lay-up fronrdilectly beneath the Hawkeye basket, and when Blanken scored on a free throw after being fouled, the Riveters trailed by the close margin of 32 to 30. Ti'ickey then sank a field goal for the Hawkeyes hat Fiosty Spiowl came right back to scoie thi’ee points for the Boilermakers on a set shot and a-charity toss which resulted when Soderquist fouled the leading Riveter point
maker.
Riveters Tie Tierney then entered tire game an place of Riley, and shortly after-Le v.as fouled by Hill. With bis team needing just one point to- knot the count, Mickey came thi'ough in the clutch and sent thb ball right through the enemy basket. This made the scoie read J4 to 34.-When Kuhl fouled Menke while the RiVjeter pivot man was in the qct of shooting, A1 was awarded two free thiows and made-good on botbr.of them to send the BoilormakeY^into the lead by a count of 36 td 35, In the final three Minutes,' the Hawkeyes took the offense away from the Riveters on field goals by Sodciquist, Chapman and HilLTbis final scoring biu'st ‘was enough to piovide the margin of victory, and the Hawkeyes left the court wjth a
PF
I 4 0 4 » lis PF 3 3 4 0 I
42 to 36 triumph.
Box Scoie: PHUDDE (36)
FG
FT
Si row I, f
1
2
lirriui, t
3
2
Ml nki c
2
3
Folk,
4
a
Blanken, «
3
3
t
1
t
GaKin. f
. 0
0
Comutl, f
«
a
'lotalb
ii
w
IOWA (421 Chapman, f Hill t Kuhl e Ci>.S>.!, s Sodtiiiuibt. g Tiriek<.y. f O'Dritn. f Harsha. f Simpson, f Totals
IS la.
■m
4k ^
im
Vt
t te
» i
< I
. t i.iruge m *v<4 I > , '^ )w
Put*dim Exp&hent
Sunday, March 1, 194B
School Children Get
Wiii Begin Tomorrow; Lunches Under
In answer to the call for radio technicians, training classes will opfen at the University tomorrow evening. The classes in radio training will meet three nights a week for two six-week periods. They will cover mathematics, direct and alternating current theory and circuits, vacuum tubes, wire telephony and audio, electromagnetic, transmission, radio communication, radio transmitters and receivers, fi-e-quenej’ modulation, and ti-ansmis-sion lines. Many Register Already 10 women and 79 men have registered for this special course. Of these, 21 are University students; eight, high school seniors; nine, graduate students; and seventeen are from out of town. The majority are in their early twenties, although four of the enrollees aj'c past 45. Only five have ha’d previous experience in radio or electrical
work.
Chemistry and Drawing Besides those enrolled in the radio technician training classes, fifteen persons registered for the eve-, ning classes in engineering chemistry and ten for the morning class in engineering drawing. The engineering chemistry parallels first-year college chemist)'y and covers the processes involved in modern industry. The engineering drawing and engineering mathematics classes will meet from 8:30 to 11:30 a. m., tVw days a rveek. Advanced Training Anyone interested in these classes may register this week, providing they have had two years of high .school mathematics and one year of physics. Those who successfully complete the feeder course will be qualified to take advanced training immediately upon entering the armed forces, or civilian training for a job in the operation and maintenance of detection and communication equipment. Meikie Urges immediate CPT Course Enrollment Director G. Stanley Meikie has just received word from Washington that all students who have successfully passed Primary or Elementary Flight and Ground'Courses of Civilian Pilot Training Program, whether college or non-college, are eligible for Secondary Training," if all other requirements ai c satisfied. Those student.s wishing to enroll for the Secondary Courses about to begin at the University are ujged to make application immediately in Directoi- Meikle’s office on the 3rd floor of the Executive building. Prof. Slipher Will Speak At Seminar Tomorrow Prof. John Sliplrer of tlie Ohio State Agronomy department will be the principal speaker at an Agronomy seminar to be held tomoi-iow afternoon at 4 p. m. in Room 201 of .Agricultural Hall.
Increased Program Under the Community School Lunch program daily lunches were served to 93,436 children in 983 sehools in Indiana during January, according to word received today froin Buell Maben, region director of the Surplus Marketing Administration. This is an increase of 37 schools and 4,093 children, over De-
cember 1941.
The program provides a varied list of farm products to schools .serving a daily lunch. The Surplus Marketing, Administration purchases farm products in the open market, for Lend-Lease and for distribution tliroughout the nation to persons suffering from inadequate diets. The school lunch idea was started by University home economics extension workeis, PTA, and similar groups in Indiana over 20 years ago. Under government aid it has been greatly expanded the last few years. Cadet Examining Board Will Remain in Lafayette Major Thomas S. McConnell, president of the Aviation Cadet Examining Board, has announced.the permanent location of his board in Lafayette until further notice. The age limits for the Aviation Cadet training, leading to a commission in the Air Corps, have been, set at 18 and 26. Applicants for the Aviation Cadet Training may now be given the jjhysical examinations any week day between 8 a. m. and 4 p. in. at the board’s headquarters in the Central Y. M. C. A. All male citizens who are interested in applying sliould call at the Armory, H. H.. Horner’s office, Lafayette Chamber of Commerce, Recruiting Station, Lafayette Post Office, or the Cential Y. M. C. A. for complete information and application blanks. Alpha Xi Delta . . . social sorority, announces the election of Jane Blank, president; Jean Steigerwald, vice president; Ruth May Evans, recording secretary; Vivian Peterson and Roberta BueChele, co-treasurers; Virginia Barson, corresponding secretary; Ruth McCay, social chairman; Mildred Kitle.y and Rose Malcolm, rush chairmen: and Evelyn Shell, song
leadei’.
Daily Health Service Report
Merry-Go-Rourid... ' (Continued from page 2.) organization Bill which the. President worked on for more tlian a
Notices
fltomotlve .Ungln^tKi Will ; Bel, .,iMcKiniilc,;'.Popta'. ino naV* #fifww"'Jbtnc<i the strong, kunkhouafetj t
•Blgn' tlip' Jlat on: the SAE Ault, Domnred, ' P«rcBll. -'plc:(is(^;^‘h^ thote^
iti the BUtpaiyliye laliorn- Bring hneltdrop' Idi^s.U^
Senior Science student, and C. L. given .sweeping powers to amalgaWeathern, Junior Ag, were confined mate or abolish bureaus; can coiiito the St. Elizabeth hospital for sur- pletely reorganize the Government, gical treatment. D. E. Kendall, 1 E, U. S. Mountain Warfare L. Kinman, and G. R. Shepherd en- The. Army is buying pitons, kurtered the hospital for medical care, abiners, ice axes, .skis, sleeping Last Thursday, M. L. Bender, 1 S, bags, and parkas, to be used not in J. R. Croy, 1 E, and R. McReynolds, an expedition to the North Pole but 1 E, were released, from medical in preparatidn for warfare on snowcare at the St. Elizabeth hospital, clad mountain'sides. Also released from further medical If you ask what mountain sides attention, in their homes were: R. the reply is: “We are preparing
for any emergency.” Army chiefs have carefully'Aioted what has been done in Europe in mountain and winter warfare, and they initend that D. S. troops be trained
in the same tactics.
Today, in the Railroad Retirement Building (headquarters of the Quartermaster Corps) you can find
Diutinguislicd students! Hoftimla nrc now railublc pt the crishler’s office In the Executive Building. —HOLLENSBE olTlco.
Socjetj' f. uf.. Ajilomol nil iitcniUiSft!., Who ha‘
noddy pfeaso
bulletin Iwpi'd , lory? Wi-need your nn'incb,, addresses, and phone iiumbora to.complcterOi'ic'records.
’ i;, —KEIE
ASMEi tlcBdllne for f Jneinbership in ASME this year willlbc Monday, March !•.
-TOPrNKA
Alpha Phi Omega: Short executive meeting Monday, March 2, 7:30 p. m.. in ropm 25'2 Cary Hall, S. E. —SIGLER Reamer Club: Room for meeting Monday, March 2 haa been changed to 8GS of the Union. Doe’s movies will still be there
—also a surprise,
scene at 7 :46.
WAA Shulflebuard: Second round of tournament must be played bit by 'tuesdny. March 3, Bower Vs. Wampler; Shell y.s. Ver Hoeven; Shuber vs. Suttner;, Johnson vs. Mcrelcy. ., ■—SCftUBER. Undergraduate Domes Club: There will
Pledges come «n the be a meeting on Tuesday, March, 3, at 7 :30 —RUPFNER p. m. at the home of Mrs. Ray Brown, 403
Wood street.-
Engineering Students: There will be a —VOLLMER. , meeting of the ASME Tuesday, March 3, —r—in ME 207 at 7:30 p. m.. The speaker. Union Cnmmiltce; Committee meeting Dr. ,J. T. Rettaliatn, will speak on the sub- Monda.v, March 2, 4 :16 p. m. in Union of.icet, "Gas Turbines." Chemical. met:il- flee. Jack, Walbillick, Marion Lively, Dick lurgical and clcetricnl engineers are in- Shoemaker, Bill Poston, W. A. Far.shee,
4G0S6BT.
. Triton: Rcgnlnr mccRnk. Tugaday:, March 3, at 7 ;30 p. m. in Wdmbn'sf^bol,
;,;,-|4i^Ap»ELlEN.; ,
WAA Members: Petifibna for WAA Council positions must he turned ip to the WAA office in the gym’by TuOsdtty, Match 10.
-Widgeon.
Classiiid
vited to attend this meetini?.
-TOPINKA
Hoof and lluni;
short course students, momhers, and nil interested people Wednesday, March i, at 7 :30 p. m. in the Ak Hall assembly room.
Good program and refreshments.
--DUFFY.
Purdue iMoyers: There will be a meetihje of Purdue Players executive board on. Fowler Hair Monday, March 2, at 4 p. m.
•"-KECK
M. Bancroft, 2-PS; G. M. Potter,
2Z, on February 26.
Pauline Martin, 2S, ’was (li.scharged from the-St. Elizabeth hospital
on February 25, 1942.
Rettaliata To Speak For ASME Tuesday Dr, J. T. Rettaliata, ‘whose paper on gasoline turbine engines won for
him the American Society of Me- vigorous experience’vVhat is needed Hanson, Nicholson,
chanical Engineeis ayaids given Jq), cold latitudes and ly are expected,
for outstanding work in the field of high altitudes
mech;gnic'al engineering at their convention in New York last fall, will be the featured speaker at the next meeting of the student branch
of the ASME.
Ginny Warren, M. A. Grossaur, Mike Reynolds. William, Stafford, Jean Julius, Cln.vton Pingey, Cort Nelson, Mary K. Gee, Jim Special meeting for Mirkcl. ■ -WEBER and LEWIS.
Wanted: Full time Btcnqgriphbr and gcnbral , office aasistant,: Purdiie bdekground preferred. Abply by letief^ lE*pbnent Box Nu, 1. .
Scriveners: Meeting Sunday, March 1. at 7:30 p. m. in room 203 in Union. Gue.sts invited. Bring manuscripts.
• -RIEGLE.
; Typewriters—Adding Machines, a'll'mbkeB sold, rented, repaired, ami purchased, MimOr, ograph work done. C. J. Eb'ershofT, 005 Mdini
, . — LaDiyette. Phone 2779.
Union Workers: Meeting of Riding Chib - —-f , Committee Monday, March 2. in Union Of- The Christian: Science Monitor is on sale fice. Busby, Hyman, Brooks, E, Smitll, Ku- lit the University Book Store. '■ ’ ‘
P. O. M., M.: Important meeting Monda.v, March 2 at 4 ;15 p. ni. Capt. Edwards will
. a 1 ^ 1 , describe Tenn. maneuvers. Attendance is a giqup of men known as “the Cold required of all pledges. - LONG Glimate Clothing and Equipment Workerswin be a mcctUnit.” They, are ski experts and ing of Haynes' and Esping’s eommitloe t; u„. 11 u Monday, March 2, 4 :16 |). m. Gardner, MeITlOUntilin cUinbcrs, wlio know by Knlgrht. Brobkn. Domurul, MuvVlyii Lloyd,
Xi Sifrma Pi;
They are Bestor Robinson of the National Ski Association; Robert Bates, editor of “Five Miles High”; and William House, a famed climber and explorer. Working indoors
Rettaliata, who wilL address the 10 hours a day, they arc preparing ASME next Tuesday evening at; specifications for the best military 7:30 in room 207 of the Mechanical skis, the best , goggles, boots, and Engineering Building, ha-s been for high-pressure stoves that can be
the past few years in charge of de- carried in a knapsack,
velopmental work for the Allis Note: Germany’s expert in mounChaliners Company in Milwaukee, tain warfare, Paul Bauer, carried
Wis. out his last peacetime mountain „ „ , ,
y Tnu Beta PI: Llectum of
Since the speaker’.s address, cov- climbing exploit in the Nanga Par- Thursday. March 6. .-it 7:30 p
ering the application of gas turbine bat expedition in India in 1938 — engines, will cover many fields of with the consent and cooperation of
engineering, H. A, Bolz, chairman the British government,
in charge of the program, has an- ^ (Copyright, 1942, by United Fea-
ture Syndiea;te, Inc.)
Important meeting Mon4 ]). m. in room 116 of the Horticulture Buildin}?.
—VAN CAMP
WAA PinK-Pong: Second'round of tournament must Ik; played oiT by Tuesday. March 3. Heckart ys. Fouls; M. Bvergler vs. Meinzer: Evens vs. Fuuticb : Cooper vs. Williamson; Miller vs. Brndsluiw; Wampler vs. Raderstorf; Menncn vs. Bvergler; Johnson vs. Roscncrans. —SCHUBEU Alpha Phi Omega: Open meeting to be hold Tuesday, March 3, at 7 ;30 p. m. in the Union. —StGLEIl Pi Tau Sigma: Very important meeting Tuesday,, March .3, i p. m. in reading room of M. ' E. building. Election of spring
pledges. mcinhers Attend-
nco required. Place to be announced later.
Skull and Crescent: Keys
und get.
•e in. Coinn HEMLER
nounced that Chemical, Metallurgical and Electrical Engineering students have al.so been invited to
attend tlie lecture.
Former Forestry Students. See Active Military Service
Camera Class Changes Meeting Day To Thursday All those who attended, the last
Dr. Martcll reports that of the 20 meeting of the Ctunera Club Inseniors in last year’s foi-estry cla.ss, sti-uction Course are asked to meet 18 are now in military service, at 7:30 p. m. in room 305 of the UnThree are second lieutenants in the ion Thursday, instead of Tuesday, field artillery, and two ai-e second, as originally planned, lieutenants in the marine coi’ps. The speaker for this meeting will Three are in officers training'now, be Mr. Brightwoiser. of the Foster three in training as naval cadets, Sihip. His subject will be “Film Exand two in the army air corps. One posure.” There will also be a labis a petty officer in the navy and oratory meeting the following Sattwo entered the army as selectees, urday at 1:30 p. m. This will.be held one of whom is now a sergeant. outside, weather permitting.
All Sophomurc Union Workern: Meet wiih Hal Knight and Barb Fellows' in the Union Office Monday. Mar.' 2, at 4:15 p.m. Important. Be there. —FELLOWS Sfiulent Unhers; Student ushers and police at varsity basketball games got their money at the ticket oifice in the Ficldliouse.
—loan
WAA: Fencing practice Friday, Feb.. 27. an<l Tuesday, March 3. Practices are re(luirod.for purlicipalion in tournament. —-EMHOFF Junior Mets: Junior Metallurgical Engineers Inspecfion trip. Bus leaves west door of Chem and Met Building Monday', March 2, at 8 a. m. Bus will kave on time. ' SUHALUdLME .10 Make-Up ejcnxns: Kxaininntious to remove C and 1 grades iii ME 30 will be given Saturday. Miireh 11 at, 1 p.ni. in room 101. of the ME building. Please notify me if interwitca. —GEIGER
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
Southworth’s
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD |. RISK — DENTISTS — 400.404 Schultz Bldg. 4lh »nd Main St. Lafayette
T'S nooo si'siwris
4 REASONS Why your ruit LOOKS and FFELS new after we've Saniloned it. # Siinilunff% luiiqiir cIpMidii* at'liuii aul alt itio tfirl and |R*i'*|MrMtiuii. 0 inifnovc.- It^xhirr Im .r^thiiis (ti'i^iiiii) .uiilt fini?]!. • .Our 4’arelul raiT. thr na|) of llj»- 4*lutll.
Call Vs TOD A > -Proiiijit .Sfi’y ice-
Don’t Get Caught in the ( Last Minute RUSH— >/ Get in the StF/TVG of things by ordering your Cap and __ Gown NOW! .
BACHELORS
CAP and GOWiN
1{ €11 till
MASTERS
CAP and GOWN
$1.50
RenUd ^l.Z5
While Our Own Rental Stoek Lasts Don Delay — Order Now! We GUARANTEE COMPLETE Satisfaetion with our Cleaned and Sanitized Caps and Gowns.
PliRDllE BOOK SUPPLY MORE
308-10 5TATE fTWEEf WEST LAFAYETTE IND
Southworth’s 0
Does snowy and slushy weallier ntake you worry about your appearance? Let us help you keep that “well* dressed look.” — WEAR CLEAIS CLOTHES-^
Northwcalcrn at Vine
Phone 4081
Thieme & Wangerin
tj22-lj2lj Mjiiii Ijlrccl PRESENTS
MATGHMAKER GOLORS IN Belle'Sharmeer Stockings ..in All Leg Sizes, Of Coune Mttchmaking's an art as Belle-Sharmeer does it! Otu’ bttiutifiil, blendable Matchmaker Colors are not only costumikeyed but texture-keyed .so that... in every texture ,. . dc|)tli and tone are just what you loved. And ordered! Made to match your legs, too, in Brev for small legs, iWbflfaVe for mid'ling, Duchess for tall, Classic for plump. Here exclusively!
Matchmaliers... BLONDE BELLE. . true, blonde feme CITY BELLE . . . suave tmn htl^e TROPIC BELLE .... tropkal tan MODEST BELLE . T 1 smart neutral
lielle-Shameer Stoekinfjts in all leg sizes $L1.'> to $1,65