$£NIORS TAKE NOTE See Callout Notice For Business Staff
istabiish^d 1889
if ' On To Tokyo
fSft ’
'iM
#
WORK ON P^RONiiHT
'’U
See Notice On Debris
Registration, Rage 1
Vdiume 53, No. 188
West Lafayette, Indiana'
Sunday, May 10, 1042
200 Sailors, Naval Officers University Clarifies
Undergraduates
Ensigns In Aeronautical Engineering ^ . k# l,. OAA 4-r. 4 U ^ JJ I fCvTJ f ^ W IT
Classification In New Plan
In addition to the 800 sailors who will start coming to the campus June 1 for a naval electricians’ school, the University will tMin 50 naval officers in aeronautical engineering, starting June 8, Prof. C. W. Breese, director of the war training
office at the University, announced today. The officers will be ensigns re- —— ' ■
cruitfcd from graduating classes in engineering at various schools and assigned to the University for training in aeronautical engineering to prepare them to (ill billets as assembly and I'cpair officers at air stations or in other naval aviation adtivities, according to word received from Capt. F. U. Lake, direetor of training for the Navy de-
partment.
The University is now installing
Aer. E. Text
Book To Cover Modern Aircraft Engine Design
Enrollment for Term Reaches 3,300 Total
Students To Receive Ratings According To Semester, Term
Exponent Business
Staff To Hold
Callout Wednesday Every freshman and sophomore student on the campus who has aspirations of becoming an Exponent
Information on the reclassification of students which took place prior to the summer semester registration has recently
Enrollment for the University’s war-time summer term, been released from the President’s oMce.
Due to the need for a strict- which opened this week, approximates 3,300 students, includ- On March 2, 1942, the Executive committee of the faculty ly up-to-date authoritative i,jg about 360 freshmen, according to unofficial figures made autl^orized the classification of each undergraduate student treatment of airplane engine available today. Official registration figures are expected to be by term as well as by class as follows: 1st term and second design, Pi’of. Joseph Liston of available some time next week, but unofficial enrollment has term—Freshman; 3rd and 4th term—Sophomores (or 2nd
— year in Engineering curricula ' '
Company at $4.50 a copy.
Even before publication much of the material contained in the book was used m mimeographed form in
ing facilities foi the first gioup of cation is invited to attend the call- more than-50 colleges and univer-
the University aeronautical more than lived up to expcc-
enginccring department has tations.
written a 488 page book, en- Under the University’s new titled “Aircraft Engine De- wartime academic calendar, sign.”< This book has just been the school year has be^n dividpublished by the McGraw-Hill Book {j.jto three full 16 week
special laboratory equipment in the business staff officer or for any othtool shop, electrical laboratory, and cr leason wishes to woik on the physics laboiatory to piovide train- business staff of Die student publi-
200 navy men who will be trained as third-class naval electricians, beginning June 1. Additional groups of 200 men will come to the campus the first of each following month until the full quota of 800 is
reached.
The naval electricians will be housed in the Cary Halls during their 16 week training period, and will have all the campus privileges of regular students. Instruction will be provided by 32 mcmbcis of the faeuljty, aided by the same number of graduate and advanced students. Prof. E. S. Ault, of the machine design department, will supcivise the training, assisted by Prof. W. A. Bevan, of the school of aeronautical engineering; Joseph Liston, associate professor; R. L. Dickenson, E. F. Bruhn, F. B. Crosby, instiuctors, and Allen Johnson, laboratoiy
assistant.
This course will be conducted as a part of the defense training program, authorized by the United States Office of Education, with the University being one of the four schools in the nation selected by the Navy for this special training. As soon as each group completes the course, a new contingent will take their place, maintaining the full quota until the need for naval electricians has been met. Husband, Wife Win Honors In National Shorthorn Show, Sale Top honors of the second annual National Polled Shorthorn Congress Show and Sale, which was held at the University last Tuesday and Wednesday, were taken by Mrs. Clara Teegardin of Ashville, ^ 0., with a perfect score against a field of 65 other cattlemen in a livestock judging contest. Her husband also won high honors with his female animal, being awaided the title of grand champion. 12 Classes Judged Other high placing in the contest, wfhich donsisted of judging 12 classes of purebred Polled Shorthorns, were taken by Paul Gergrcn, Red Oak, Iowa, second; Mickey Boyle, Hennepin, 111., third; Clifford Weirick, Silver Lake, fourth, and Lawrence Smith, Haitford
City, fifth.
At Wednesday’s sale, the 71 head .sold for an average of $288 each, the 25 bulls averaging $331 and the 46 females averaging $260. Most of t^e-iuiimals went to In-
also
out meeting in the advertising of- sities in the country. It has fice in the sub-basement of the Un- been widely used in industry, ion, Wednesday afternoon at 4 p.m. Connects Math With Design Previous experience is not a pre- This text will be used to aid the requisite, but it is advisable that technical students in bridging the those interested should be cooper- gap between the point where they ative and interested. Practical ex- have a faiily complete knowledge perience plus an opportunity to of the fundamentals of mathematqualify for the junior and senior ics, mechanics, and machine design, positions are the reward. and the point whcic they are sufThree Departments On Staff ficieiitly familiar with the applicaThc business staff is composed of tion of these fundamentals to the the advertising, circulation, and ac- design of an craft engines.
terms, instead of the customary two semesters, and it is possible for a student who attends consecutive terms to complete his work in two yeais and eight months instead of
the normal four years.
Class work in the new summer teim was launched Wednesday and
Playshop To Hold Tryouts For Play Wednesday / Group Will Present 'Jim Dandy' In July
B and C) I 5th and 6th term— Junior (or 3rd year); 7th and 8th term — Senior (or 4th year); 9th and 10th term—
5th year.
Promotion Each Term
Under this plan every undergraduate student is considered for promotion each term and each student will carry a card designating his classification on the basis of term and year. This classification is de-
Mother's Day
Program To End
With Musicala Reppert, Williamson, Lloyd Will Perform
Mary Reppert, pianist, and Marjorie Williamson, soprano, both ac-
“Jim Dandy” will be the summer termined by having credit and (or) companied by Joanne Lloyd, will
\yill bo continued thiough August attiaction of Playshop,ithe Univer- exemption for all the work of the present a Mothers’Day Program in 22. The fall term will follow after sity’s dramatic organization, accord- previous teims-of his plan of study, the Music Room of the Union today
count.s .staff. Activity of the'advertising staff IS divided between two dcpaitnients, an cd and a coed staff. It IS the duty of the ed staff to sell advertisements to the local merchants, while the coeds aic in charge of the ait layouts and office work. The circulation staff takes care of subscription selling and delivery. It is the duty of the accounts staff to take charge of the necessary bookkeeping and accounting
work.
Debris Notice All students who expect to graduate in cither August or December, 1942, are requested to register outside the Debris office from 4 to 5:30 p.m. between May 11 and 16. Since the University has changed the student class rating, those failing to register will not be included in the senior section of the December Debris, according to the Debris office. —DEUSTER
In the preface of the book, Liston states in part: “Usually students cnteiing this field of study are totally lacking in the cxpeuence so essential to deciding a logical ordcL of procedures of engine design, apd they lack the accumulative information upon which experienced designers can call for making the innumerable assuinjilions that must precede or parallel the analysis of various parts. Hence an outline of procedure and a considerable accumulation ^of more or less rational data has been included.” He also states that while the “Suggested Design” is one way of carrying through the analysis, it is not the only or even the best way in a particular instance. Rather, it is based on the belief that a student can not very well design an improved or unconventional engine until he is familiar with the fail-
ing to an announcement by Prof. H. Kenn Carmichael. This two act comedy by William Saroyan, Pulitzer iirize winner, will be presented during the first week in July. Students, faculty and townspeople are invited to attend the tryouts
The classification of the students will not be lowered but it will not be raised until all the required work
has been completed.
On April 27, 1942, the Executive committee of the Faculty voted to amend the above plan of classification as follows: beginning with the
for the cast and crew of this play fall term of 1942, each undergrad-
only a single week of vacation, with registration scheduled for August 31, Septcmbei 1-2, and classes scheduled to start September 3. The bulk of the enrollment of freshmen and new students is ex-
pected for the fall term.
Audience Of 4,000
Approves Songs By Grace Moore
By Bill Fawcett
Last night before an audience of - ■ ■ u - - 4,000, Grace Moore, colorful Metro- boy, whether he is on campus or not, selective service act, whose present Lloyd vcill then sing “By a Lonely
next Wednesday at 4 and 7:30 p.m. in Fowler Hall. Tiic cast includes two women, six men, and 1 child
character.
The scene takes place in a library, but the author states it could take place anywhere. Jim Dandy is a big broad shouldered tramp. His faith-
uate student’s classification will be determined by his having credit and (or) exemption for all work of the previous term or terms of his plan of study or its equivalent, allowing a tolerance of four semester hours. This amendment which goes into effect next fall will allow a little lee-
ful follower is Jim Crow, a colored
comedian character. Any colored Any student registered under the
at 4 p.m. ^ - The first solo on the program will be Beethoven’s “Sonata No. 3,” played by Miss Reppert. The n^t number on the program will consist of a group of songs by Marjorie Williamson accompanied by Joanne Lloyd. This group will include “'The Winds in The South” by J. P. Scott, “Son of The Open” by Frank LaForge, and “The Sleep that Sits on Baby’s Eyes” by John A. Carpen-
ter.
Next Miss Reppert will play .a group of selections which will include “Noctuime Opus 55 No. 1” atul “Scherzo Opus 31” by Chopin, and “Fireflies” by H. H. A. Buck. Mias Williamson accompanied by Joanne
poiitan Opera soprano, presented an enjoyable program which varied fiom Shakesperian songs to the cvei popular “One Night of Love.” From the veiy beginning it was evident to the most casual observer that Miss Moore had won the approval of the audience, and before the singing of the “Star Spangled Banner” could bring the program to a close, she was obliged to sing no less than five encores—the anas
is urged to contact Prof. Carmichael classification is jeopardizing his opor the Playshop office for a tryout, portunity for deferment and who The librarian, Flora, and Johnny would be eligible for promotion unare the love interest of the play. 4er the plan of classification which A small boy is necessary to play ffocs into effect in the fall term, is
Forest Pathway” by Charles F. Griffef, “Into The Night” by Clara. Edwards, and “Summer Time” from Porgy and Bess by George Gershwin. The program will be concluded
the pal t of little Johnny, eight year advised to get in touch with the .ynth Miss Reppert playing “Walz-
head of his school or division for gj.’’ by Dohnanyi (from Nailia by
a special recommendation to the Delibes).
Registrar for reclassification. This program closed the Moth-
ers’ Day activities which started
old son of Flora and Johnny. Fishkin and Jock are the pessimist and optimist of the show. The other fe-
male role is Molly.
To Present Play In July
Betty Gray, Playshop stage man-
ings and weaknesses of convention- from La Boehme and Madame But- ager, announced yesterday that any
al engines.
Soneson Compares Stresses In Beams P. E. Soneson, assistant professor of architectui al engineering, has written an article on “Measured Stiesses in a Two-IIinged Beam Arch,” in which he compaies the actual sti esses in the University Fieldhousc with those computed in the design, which appeared in the April issue of “Civil Engineering,” monthly publication of the American Society of Civil Engiiieeis. The lesults of the investigation, which are discussed in some detail by Pi ofessor Soneson, show the difference between the expected and the actual bchavioi of the large structuic. In general, he found that there weie no seiious disci epaiicics between computed and actual stresses, although he discoveicd that the effect of I oof loads was far greater than that of balcony live-load stresses, and that the balcony live-
Social Chairman All social chairmen must submit requests for dances or social functions for this semester to me in the Union office or at the AVest Desk. Requests must be in by Friday noon. Please cooperate.
—Deuster
terffy, “Ciri Biii Bin,” “The Old Refiain,” and “One Night of Love.” Miss Mooic’s accompanist, Isaac Van Grove, was also treated to very
waiiii applause.
Songs From Shakespeare
A-m o II g the selections from Shakespeare which the solist sang
Book Exchange
To Resume Activities
Tomorrow At 10
The Student Book Exchange, a non-profit organization sponsored
J. Adashko, '33, Joins Staff Of Westinghousc Engineer Julius G. Adashko who graduated from the University school of electrical engineering in 1933 has joined the editorial staff of the “Westinghousc EnginceiV’ technical publication of the Westinghousc Electric and Manufacturing Company. At the Univeisity Adashko woiked on the staffs of the Engineer and the Sciivcner.
member of Purdue Players is eligible to petition for the position of crewhead for the coming production. This play will be given the first week in July. Petitions are due next Wednesday and may be left with the Playshop secretary in
Cl,.,.V. .....v,.. „,.v, oc.g, Fowler Hall. Petitions should be for
were: “Orphus with his lute,” from one of the following crews: props, receiving and paying for books sold school schedule. “Heniy VIII,” by Sullivan; Spring- costumes, makeup, sound, lights tomorrow from 10 in the morning
time, from “As
Castelnuovo-Tedesco, .
Death!” from “Twelfth Night” by t>ot would like to be on the crew, the Exchange will be open from Quilter; and “Come, buy!” from •‘’hould contact the Playshop office neon until 5 p.m. Tomorrow will be
in the rear of Fowler Hall.
yesterday with a registration and A reception held for the mothers itt the Great Hall of the Union between 3:30 and 5:30 p.m. Refreshments were served at the reception. The extensive program that the University has had for Mothers* Day was abandoned and replaced by the reception yesterday and the musical program today, because of the
by the Student Union, will continue confusion arising out of the neW
■ Sullivan; Spring- costumes, makeup, sound, lights lomuiiow nom ru m me meming
You Like It,” by and stage. Those students who ai-c to 5 in the afternoon. From Tuesday NoVeS^/ill SoeaK. isco; “Come away, uot a member of Purdue Players, until the end of the sale on FrMay, * / r
At AChS Meeting
“A Winter’s Tale.” by Buzzi-Peccia. Following the intci mission Mr. Van Grove played, and Miss Moore closed the piogiam* with Spring Voices, by Roger Quilter, and dedicated to her; Red Rosoybush, by Young; Ma Cuily-IIeaded Babbie, by Clutsam; and Malotte’s well-
known “The Loid’s Prayer,” which cial activities during the past year she dedicated to the mothers in the which was advocated as a part of audience. the student war effort.
$1,000 War Bond . . . was purchased recently by Sigma Phi Epsilon, social fraternity. Pui chase of the bond was made possible by the curtailment of so-
How To Keep Cucumber Cool Heat Expert Offers Summer Advice
diana breedj>r&, although some of load stresses could be disregarded the cattle were piuchased by breed- without danger as they
ers from Nebraska, Iowa, Illinois, sniall. Wisconsin, Tennessee, Ohio and
New York.
'Top Animal Brings $1,125 The top priced animal of Die sale was Tuesday’s giand champion cow, “Naomi Clipper,” owned by
Tau Epsilon Phi
Announces Initiaf’cs Tau Epsilon Phi, social fraternity, announces the initiation of the
C. B. Teegkrdin and Sons, Ashville, following men: Donald Hoffman, 0., which was sold to Mrs. M. J. Chicago; Ileivuit Eckstein, New Herr, Lakewood, 0., for $1,125. The Yoik City; David Lozow, Gaiy; reserve grand champion cow, also Seymour Weisbeig, West New a Teegardin product, went to the Yoik, New Jersey; Mai tin Seidennewly founded herd of Jack Nelson, berg, Jeisey City, and Martin IlimSomonauk, III., for $775. eles, St. Louis.
bull.
By Don Frier Long hours of study in uncomfortably hot rooms will soon become a nasty problem for those of us who arc staying for the summer semeater. The few hours of sleep, which a foitunate few will be able to squeeze into their schedules, will also bo made difficult by the hot, bieathless nights of Indiana’s socalled temperate climate. According to Pi of. W. T. Millet of the Heat Tiansfer Lab, any student who will lemember and apply a tew of the simple principles taught in his physics com sc, may
in much the same fashion as the old colonial bods. Fans Create Heat
The simplest arrangement for cooling the study or sleeping room is to lower the lop window sash and raise Die lower rash. This causes
heavy, cool night air to come in the of us take'into account is the very lower opening and foice the light, electric fan which is supposed to
the last day the. Exchange will receive books to be sold. Passports will be necessary for identification
when presenting the books. The Exchange will continue the
sale of books until Friday at 5 p.m. Money for books, as well as unsold texts must be claimed before May 20 or they will become the pioperty of the Student Union. Technical books, such as Applied Mechanics, Mechanical and Electrical Engineering texts, arc still in great demand according to word from the
Exchange.
Grad Writes Article In 'Westinghouse Engineer' R. H. Wright, 1915 graduate in electrical engineering, and industry
AnoDier heat producer which few engineer for the Westinghousc
hot air 111 the top of the room to go out through the opened top sash. This ciiculation will occur whether or not there is a bieezc outside. The direct lesults are a loweiiiig of the tempeiature of the room and the Cl cation of an air movement which aids the body to lose heat by the
evaporation ol peispiiation. Anothei source of heat in rooms
cool us. This heating is easily demonstrated by placing the hand on (he motor of a fan in operation. The ideal way to use a fan is to turn the blast, which the motor has heated, out the vJuidow thus using the suction behind the fan to<create air
circulation in the room.
Prof. Miller has told us that he has many other summer comfort
Electric and Manufaeturing Co., is the author of an article on “Electric Dynamometers for Engine Testing” which is featuied m the May issue of “Westinghouse Engineer.” The article coveis the use of large lized dynamometers in loading aircraft
engines under test.
Wright points out that as modem aircraft engines reach outputs as high as 4,000 horse power, the large size of the dynamometers and
Dr. W. A. Noyes, chairman of the department of chemistry at the University of Rochester, will speak before a meeting of the University section of the American Ghemiciil Society tomorrow evening in room 211 of Stanley Coulter Hall at 7:30. The subject of Dr. Noyes’ address will be “Organic Photochemistry." Pi'eceding the meeting, a dinner will be given at Lincoln Lodge ,ai) which Dr. Noyes will be the guest
of honor.
Reservations for the dinner may be obtained by calling Dr. F. J. Allen, of the University chemistry ctepartment. All interested persons atp invited to attend the meeting. Zouaves Elect Jackson, Hunt Following their recent picnic, which was held at a farm shout thn miles east of Lafayette, the Zouaves held their final business mieetting of the semester and elected officers for the coming year. The elected were: Al Jackson, cagitailtt Gill Hunt, first lieutenant, Jim, second lieutenant and Bob Dettmkr,
first sergeant.
Second lieutenant bars wero„|at9«
Tuesday’s grand champion bull, The following men were pledged: greatly ieduce his discomfiture due immediately beneath the house roof aids and that he will be glad to give their use in converting energy which sented by Jackson to Fred GmffXO* “Collynie Goods Jr.,” owned by Martin Garelick, Rochester, N. Y.; to the heat. The body has two means is lacliated heat from the hoi ceil- such information to anyone coming would otherwise be wasted into usd- tiring captain, Tom Buahnell Lynnwood Farms, Caimel, sold for Morris Boinstein, Gary; Jack Solo- of disipating waste heat, and it is mgs which may have temperatures in to see him. He is also willing to ful electrical energy is an impor- Hugh Gommel. Thoso $890 to Fred Johnson, Elm Creek, way, Rochester, N. Y.; William Ab- these two piocesses of ladiation and as high as 160 deg. F. This condi- give advice on the larger problems and interesting application of been active in the squiid aod Nebr. The reserve grand champion rams. South Bend, and Arthur Sha- evaporation ^which. Prof. Miller ad- tion can be alleviated by forming of cooling rooming houses and fra- electricity in aircraft engine pro- going to active duty afteV' bull sold for $910. piro, Rochester, N. Y. vises, can be accelerated. a canopy over the bed or study table ternities. duction. ation. . ... ,Exponent Editorial Page
Sunday, May JO, 1942
mmm MElwy’-ao-MOW
Notices
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen Attorney General Watcfies Activities Of Daily Papers WASHINGTON May 9 —In the last fe^v weeks Postmastei Gen eial Fiaitk Walkei on the official adMce of Attolne^ Geneial Fiancis Biddle has i evoked the mailing; priMleges of ceitain weeklies on the chaige that thev weie seditious It i« no seciet that the same medi cine soon wtffl be dished out to se^ eial othei similai publications But not ad\eitised is the fact that in addition to weeklies ceitain daily newspapeis of a pionounced defeatist bias aie undei official SCI utinv These papers are not all in met ropolitan areas Some are in small er communities and while not as well known as their larger fellow dailies tliej are just as rabid In fact authorities tonsidei a small Indiana newspaper even worse than certain nationallj known dailies It IS keenh leahzed in official quaiteis that any ciackdown on a ncwspapci means tiending delicata giound — including constitutional
lights
Thcieforc aulhoiitics are still vciy much undecided as to what they will do They aie still studj ing the mattei — and admitting nothing pubhth Meanwhile thej aic keeping a very close cheek on these new spa pers and their publishers Careful compilations are being made of their editorial and other comments Hundicds of complaints aie being leceivcd fiom leadeis about these papers It w is on the basis of such complaints that Coughlin s Social Justice Pellej s The Gallilean and similai weeklies weic put out of business Assistant Secretaiy of Wai John McCloy leaned acioss the dinnei table to vivacious Mis William Denman wife of San Fiancisco s distinguished fedcial judge and said banteiinglv “\ou 1C going to be bombed ‘And you think we Califoinians don t know it"^ shot back Mis Deinian That s whv wcie heie W hat Mrs Denman meant was that her husband had been pounding on Capital doors for three weeks trving to get better protection foi the Pacific coast In fact whatever protection the W t«t Coast gets add ed to that of the \rmj and Navv Will be due in a large measure to the efforts of Judge Denman plus Chester Rowell of the San Iiancis CO Chronicle and behind the scenes another judge—Justice Douglas of the Supreme Court who tomes from W ashington State Reason foi Judge Denman s woi IV IS that cvciy yeai fiom Maj to July a bank of fog coveis a stiip of the Pacific about foity miles wide fiom San Fiancisco to Los Angeles This stiip of log Denman has hammeied home to Wfai and Navy officials IS just what the Japanese need to SCI ceil then an plane cai iiei They know all about this fog bulk have studied it foi jeai^ And il they saeiifiee the planes—as we 1 now they have been willing to do —they could dump tons and tons of ineendiaiy bombs on Son Fian cisco which by the way is lated by insuianec companies next to Tolyo a*- the second gieatest fiie ri k in the woild • Pacific Parachutists Judge Denman also has pounlul Ijonu to the W u |and Navy some thing else which the Japanese 1 ni v about—that pioteetion of vitil pub lie utilities on the West Coa t is compliealed by overlapping juiis dictions lor instance the waterworks which supply Los Angeles and San 1 lancjsco arc not near those cities but miles away in the mountains In case of parachute attacks the cities could not protect then water w iiks the State has had its na tuiial guard called to the Aiinv lit the federal government de |) nds on local authoiities to liandle a lii«e shaie ol protection It IS this in \d( gu ity and ov ci laji jj i(g of county hciiffs state jgaardsj and city polne that Judge JP^jnngn tiiovc hot«e aitli ^icit ci jfectivunes^^t the Wa Dcpaitincnt ^ Jple 4enatinded that the Icdcial /' goveinment oiganiac some kind ol Kscivc foicc to p otcct powci
Acromodcler*! Important moctinp: May 13 in room SO Rcfrrslimcnts %m11 bo solved t cvoi\one All i •^pective members wel come Come one come all { 301 —HOLDEN Pi Tail Sipma ? i 1 initiates—Member si 1 csrl ov T ailnllc t M'lii Off cc ME luildinjx —KINNEY S C \ Board ncrta t n cctinp; 1 cs la Ms 12n 0pm n the S C A roon n trv to attend the meet np be cai't 1 act n a i be ti ken unless at ten lance tisfact r MOGAVLRO Alpha 7cta Imp rta n ccl np Tues lay Mav 12 in Room 30 of the Union
DIESSLIN
Piirdwe PInsers Pet tions foi crew heals f 1 con ip b 1 me prolUction are luc at tic I laybhop off cc Wednesday May 13
—GRAY
Purdue Exponent
tCnlercd ns second class mnltcr at the post office in r nfayette Indiana under the act of Conpress oi March 3 1873 and at the special rate of postapo provided for in section 1103 act of October i 1017 author izcd laniiary 20 1922 Published daily ex cept Monday dnrmp the rcptilnr academic year and wcchly durini the Summer ^)cs Sion Delivered locally hv carrier for $3 50 per year mail subscriptions $4 00
University Calendar Sunday, May 10—Mothers' Day
4 00 PM —Union Music Pi'ogiam 7 jO P M —Scnvcnci Club
Music Room, Union Room 2G1 Union
Editor In Chief Nens Editor Mnnapinp Edit r Business Mnnaper
tohn I Amos Don T Brophy J )hn TI Armstrou Yt illiam D Mill ird
Reamers Mp r om 30 i n the
u Monday May 11 Union —KNOTD
Purdue Fnpincei Staff All staff mem lor ad worker loth lu ncs and el t r 1 I piesent t m et np in the off cc 0 M n la> Mn> 11 at 4 p m
-YOUNGBLOOD
Pure lasers of Debris Th c who ha e i t coiv \ Iht r c 1 e of the 1912 Debrib must 1 enc forth ici rt t Mr B 11 ns office in tl Fac uti c Bu It np to recenc their cop c W ai el y —ADAMS
STAPF hOR THIS ISSUE
Nigrht Editir Iloskir s Day Editor B<8>\ inkle Issue Editor Vegh Sports Editor Knrpick Reporters Ficymun Schcid Enveett
Qji. JhsL ChjuJtchjidu
Delrs All rep It T It dav tl nt mcctin'^
mo
c 1 nc voikcrs at 4 p m Impor -McLaughlin
I raternit> Presidents C ncil mectmfr ext luc Jay at tl c PI Kan ^ house t 6 1 m —RIDER
CC 177 Aerial Boml ardment Protection M ct Mondaj Ms 11 at 1 i m n room 2 1 f Ih C 1 bu Id ng Br j, yo i tami 11 chtdulc arl Oj-ci to all senioi cl g necr an 1 t C E no v t king CE 4 (Loncrct ) SONESON 1 reshman Camp Counselors Anyone in tcrtstcl act nj, as a counselor 1 the Auu 1 t fre I ma cam) 1 ould call or j,ct n to ch tl Dr G avc ( 1642) Scholl 1 (aO 2 0 Si gcr (84‘’1 —SINGER Del ns Junior Editors Ploto^raihc i nd It a It m ct n oom 1 of the U 0 t Mo d V at 1 1 —WALKER
plants vvatei systems ind othoi 1 ey enemy objectives in cast the Japs use the fog blanket to stage i blitz on the Pacifie coast this sum mei Note—Despite Assistant Secre taij McClov s 1 idding of Mis Den man he is one of the haidest vvoik CIS to oig inizc 1 new second line of defense foi the Pacific Coast ® Hero O'Hare wink awaiding the Congicssion al Med il of Honoi to Lieut Comdi ( Butch ) 0 Halt ioi shootiiit, down SIX J ip planes the Piesident tuned to Admiial Linest J King and isked what OHaies next as signmcnt would be Me pi in to keep him aiound heie loi a while Kingieplicd and then we expect to send him wheie he vv ill do the most good Lieut Comdr OHaie is now on lus w ij to wheie he will do the most good The decision to send O Hare back to iction expliins why Boston Chicago and some fifty othei cities weic denied the oppor tunit) to give him a hero s recep tion He found such affaiis more trying than blasting Japs out of the air ® Mussolirsi Rebuff Confidential diplomatic dispatch cs fiom Rome lepoit that Hitlci o ue Mus'^olini inothei biush off on his long standing demand foi Dicnch f unioi i Nice ind Coisica Hope of gi ibbing these thiee pos se sioi s vv IS one of the chief lea “ions vvhj Mu solini st ibb'^d Fiance n the back Lut despite then oft lepeated vows ot mutual devotion Hitlei didii t let his black shirted pal get awaj with the swag Ivvo jears have passed and Mussolini now is apparentlv tuither fiom Ins piize than betoi e Note — Stiongly coiioboiating tins confidential lepoit aie sevcial Rome Radio bioadcasts since Mus solini s letuin denouncing Picnch licitmcnt of rums icsulents Dt livcicd in Al ibic the bioadcists chuged 1 1 uici with pcisccutiiis, the natives jailing thei Icadcis and cclibciatch withholding lood and med cal uppl es ® War Flashes Ruial mail cauicis can get auto tncs but should watch then step on using them foi piivalc piuposcs If thev do thej will wild u]) in coiit The old piactice ol chew ing snufl lb stiging a comcbick in a lunnbci of wai industiics whcic mokii IS banned foi s ilcLy pin po cs C ] J11 lit 1942 bv Ui iti I 11 i tu c Syn lie ilc Inc )
Universitv Piesbytenan Chinch North Street at Giant Stieet John W Findley, pastoi and diiectoi of the Westminstei Foundation Russell Shaw assistant Joanne Lloyd oiganist William Morgan choir diiectoi 9 30 a ni —The student class w ill meet-foi discussion undei the lead Cl ship of Di Giaves 10 30 a m —The morning woiship seivice will be held at this time Mi Findleys seimon subject will be The Condition to a Fresh Stait 6 00 pm —The Sunday Evening Club will meet foi i 15c suppei in the Recieation Room Aitei suppci pi ins foi the summci piogiam will be nude
The IVcslcj roundation Suiidaj Riogiam at the I irst Methodist Chuich (Corner Chauncej and Soutli) 9 oO a m —Two Student Classc (1) Tlie Fieshman Class will be taught bj Rev L R B iNlcv Min istci to students on the subject How Sh ill We Get Ihc Most Fiom Oui College Life'' (2) The Uppci lissm ns cl ss vvil|l be taught bv Mi I R Bils ley— How Sh ill I Get Wh it I W int To Get Fiom Coll ec 10 40 i m—Moining Woiship Doctoi Otto Scott Steele will use as his theme V ih int Motheihood Special min^ic v ill b'^ fuinishcd by the Chon 5 45 p m —Wesley Vcspcis 1 ollovving the lecieition period led by Athlcon Bandiliei a panel discussion will be held with five up peiclissmcn tilking on the theme If I Mcie A Fieshinin Ag iin The closing woi'^hip scivice will be in chaige of Miilin Espenshade Eveiy Puidue student is ii vitcd to any oi all of these scivices
Monday, May 11 4 00 P M —Agionomy Seminal Room 201, Ag Hall 7 00 PM—Ameiican Chemical Society— Lectuie Rm 209, Stanley Coultei
Hall
8 00 PM — Reamcis Meeting Room 304 Union Bldg Tuesday, May 12 7 30 PM —Chiistiin Science Oigin 1 ition Room 303 Union Or Do Map Projections Lie? la all the clamoi foi countei piopaganda to act against the deieatist attitudes being cicated in this country, the noise has been «hght in any voicing of the need ioi a motement for vicatei education of Ameiic m youth in the field of geography —a study vhich is the veiy essence of all comprehension of the events of a wai wiacked world Recent ai tides in cuiient peiiodicals ha,ve discussed the possibility of a trans continental highway stietching fiom the noitheinmost point of the United States to Alaska as a means of improving oui position m the war theatci m the noith Theie exist too many misconceptions of distances and direc tions of the allied position As Lyn Iivine, writing m Nation, pointed out, the distance between Alaska and Spitzenbeigen on a lectangulai map appeals to be about 11,000 miles, while actually it is but 2,200 miles Peeling off lectangulai poi tions ot the map cieate just such distoited impressions of global positions Most* Amei leans ha\e failed to lecognize that four of the united nations’ majoi waiing powers aic pitted togethei at the top of the globe with then backs to the noirh pole—a position Ir\ine has ohown to be en\ious stiategically But dctcatist sentiment has spiead because ot failuies in the Pacihc Ameiica has no tiue sense of its achievements Hei educational system needs to attach new impoitance to geogiaphy taught with a big lound globe It could be an ef fectuc wccpon in winning the wai against defeatism —OKLAHOMA DAILY
Roger Sheridan 43 oil ol Li lift 1 u t Col oncl ind Mis I iv icncc V Shcii (111! 09 1 IS icceivcil wo I that li Ills passed his cximmilion and will hi i( mittcd to the United States Mlituy \cad ray it West Point on July 1 He laduited fiom Shoit iKge Ili^h School in 19jt) iiid at tende i the Columbi i Picpuitoiy bcliool lid tlie Univeisity His fa thei is 1 ovv st itioncd at S ilt I il c Citj
Coeds Donate Carnival Proceeds To Relief It 11 IS been innounced that the m ij )i po tl n ol the piocecds le ‘■ultm liom the Pennj C unival poi 0 ed ly Sj o iswomen ith k ic ho Ol 11V h IS I ceil don ted o the 4mciicin Rid Cioss and other W n It itf gnitits Accoidmg to T kanoi II iiiiso the sum ot $35 w s given to the Amoiiein Red C 1 OSS 1estei d ^
Piiu'uc Chiistian I oundation Suiidav Piogidm At Lafayette Christian Chuieh Sixth and North btieets 9 lo im—C itch iide tiom lol S Giant 9 oO im—Student Cliss Di Dodc s ol tl e Edueation Dept will spell 4.11 lieshmen and othei new students lie espcciallv invited ilong with tl u ippeielassmcn 10 40 im — Chuich 'Woiship Service The Rev Doyle Millin m nistei ot the Chu ch will pieach the seimon entitled Celcbi itmg the Fcstivil of the Chiistnn Home Commymon Se vice evciy Sundiy ill weleomi 5 15 p m —Assemble loi evening piogiim leave loi Chu ih bldg 5 30 pm—15e suppei in the Chuieh basement 6 00 p m —Foi um piogiam Mov les ol the loup vill be taken ind the discussion will be led by Hubeit Rij Holds miiistei In students Reticition u 1 wo slip will biiv the meeting to i close jiiomptij at 7 ^0
DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD J RISK — DENTISTS 400 404 Schultz Bldg 4th and Mam St Lafayette
— ADDEb —
— ADMISSION —
Latest Issue
Nights and Cunday 35c
MARCH OF TIME
Week Day Matinee^ 25c
—
Children Always 10c
INFORMATION PLEASE
PLUS TAX
j^«^«GRilYS0N /o^^CAHEOLL £PATRIC)A DANE > TOM /CONWAY • PETER WHITNEY
Starts
\We* stree«'
Y.
tVve
tta*
A
D.
Vv®’® \oV®*
A NEW WARNER BROS SUCCESS with CHARLES COBURN Claude Rams • Judith Anderson • Nancy Coleman KAAREN VERNE • MARIA OUSPENSKAYA • HARRY DAVENPORT Screen Play by Casey Robinson • Prom the Novel by Henry Bcllamann MRnSCTS^ *^} T^ <r^^ i ^0 ir'^ ** > / \ ■^ '^ ^ ‘^ ^ - < It 1 ^ pg^ ^g 4\ ^ ^ ^5 H ^ ^ ^ ^1 ^ ^ ^ ^ J ^ ' f-^r^'’*’* * ,r'^ ! g, % ' ^ \ ^ V ^md&f^ M^r M, 1942 -Bdil^MaJf^ J^d^ts
t^rathation-BhMletl mA %iiia^ iam ptlA’Ml^4lCfN, Illinois-—(Special to the Purdue Ei^ponent) —Harmon Phillips' graduation riddled track squad went down in defea,t tq the Illinois team here yesterday. The Riveters Wqre weakened by the absence of six of their top flight perfo^;n!iers and never threatened the Illini who won the meet by the score of 961/2 to 251/3, , l^eitper Will Gaulke or Bob Keim were on hand for the da^I^es this afternoon, and so the Illini swept the dash events. Both Keim and Gulke finished ahead -——
Graham McNainee, Sports hmadcaster,
Head At 53
Western Michigan
of th? Illinois dadh men in the quadrangulai meet held heie sev-
eral,,weeks 'ago, Edwards Missing
4.rt Edwaids was not on hand foji, the pole vault and so the qvent went to the Illipi at a height of mope than a foot below his ceiling Last week Edwaids leaped foi a
Yesteiday afternoon the careei of
new varsity record of 13 feet, thiee Giaham McNamee, veteran broadinches, and his peifoimance would castei, caipe to/a close He died in have taken a fiist today without St Luke’s Hospital in New Yoik any difficulty City aftei a two weeks’ illness ;qoth of the top flight Eivctei Sports Pioneer hui^dlers weie absent fiom the line- McNamee gamed his eaily fame up ^ Gene Kron and Johppy Conant j^g ^ sports bioadcdster, though in were among those noticeably ab the last few y«ais he had devoted sent These men weie capable of time principally to commercial fiisjt and second places in then ^voik In addition to his ladio woik events McNamee was known as the voice Jentsch Wins Mile of the Univeisal newsreel ^1 Jentsch took the only fiist Radio listeneis in the early thiiplace that the Riveteis weie able ties were veiy familial with the to ^et in the individual events A1 McNamee voice emanating from the turned in the fast time of 4 18 2 to site of all foims of athletic events take a fiist placp m the mile This His vivid woid pictuies of football IS t)ie thud fastest time turned in games staited the trend followed by any confeiencc niilei this season today by most of the younger A1 came back to t^e a second bioadcasters place in the half mile which Reh McNamee along with a few oth beig of Illinois took in the fast time cis pioneeied the field of spoitk of 1 55 0 bioadcasting and he helped to make Tke mile 1 clay team von handily it the big thing that it is today oveij the Illini m 3 24 4 They fin Since he was in a new field, he had ishqd about fifty yaids in fiont of no lules oi hints to follow, but had the Illini and wcic nevei pushed at to make his lules as he went along any time dining the event Thus The field of spoits bioadcasting has the Riveteis managed to end in flouiished in the last few yeais, style a meet which tinned out laigely because it got off to such a wrong all the way fine staie undei McNamee and his ^ associates
He helped to make his Iistenci s feel at the scene of the event he was bioadcasting by desciibing in detail the coloi of the setting No one could forget McNamec’s de sciiption of Chuichill Downs on Dei by Day, his bioadcasts fiom Pasadena at tne time of the Tou 11 iment of Roses, and of the Rose
Bowl Pootball game
McNamee during his yeais at the spoits mieiophone covered all the spoiling events imaginable He 1 new 1 « was known by all the big names irT the field of spoits and most of these will mourn Giaham’s
dlassified
Ads
Tygieivriters—Add ng Machines all sold Tented lepaircd and purchasid Mmit ograph work done C J rbershoft G05 Ma
Lafayette Phone 27'"^
i
Lo$t Blick a\ittion will t contiiiun}, pilot B lic-t-nsc nkntificiti n Rgw ird Gcor„i Shioycr 2 >0 Ijoat Buxt( n Hilir<ld 1 lown ntdit'' valnablL to (wmi liUnl i warl IIubtrL Phone 8441 bigm i Ni Lost Gictn Pirkti inn bttween 1 h ii mucy and Ficldhousp Kewnd 01 yton Pmgiy Beta Ihcti Ii
passint.
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. HARDWARE —PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
By Ad Scheid ,, Led by their captain. Gene Russell, the Westeih Michigan court squad defeated Coach Lairy LaBree’s lacqueteers 4-3 on the indoor couits in the Pieldhouse yesterday afternoon. Captain Ray Luchti lost to the Boilermakers aftei graduat^on last week, returned to play against the Westcineis ,
Lucht Returns
Lucht played in the numbei three spot instead of the usual numbei one because of the one week layoff Ray showed his usual form in his match with Campbell of Western State, winning tv;o out of thiee sets, 6-2, 7-9, 6-2. Gus Aimstiong played the nuili bei one match with Capt Russell of State Russell’s powerful seivice and well placed diives weie too much foi Aimstrong who came out on the short end of 6-2, 6-0 scores Dick Stettnei of the Riyeteis faied almost as bad in his match with Stuckprt, los},ng two stiaight sets Dudzinski Takes Onq Although Walt Dudzinski was somewhat bewildeied by the mighty selves of Waiien of Western, he saved the Boileimakei face by winning two sets, 6-1, 6-4 Ed Wells dropped two sets to Western’s Gensichen 6-1, 6 2, aftei winning the
fiist set 6-1
In the doubles matchea, Western Michiganis combination of Russell and Stuekert downed Wells and Lucht in two sets, 6 4 and 6 2 The Boilei makers letaliated in the second match, however, as ^tettnei and Aimstiong defeated Western’s Gen sichen and Hale, 6 1 and 6-2 This was the second defeat for the Rivetei squad is as many days, having lost to a poweifu' Michigan State combination on Friday Coach LaBiee has been at a disadvantage since giaduation, howcvci, with only foul playable men left on the squad The letuin of Capt Lucht yesteiday saved the Boileimakers from an even worse defeat Michigan State Scores The scoies on the Michigan State match were as follows Singles-— Beeman (MS) defeated Aimstiong (P) 4 6, 6 0, 6 2, May (MS) defeated Stettnei (P) 6 4, 6-4, Maxwell (MS) defeated Wells (P) 8-6 6 3 Hoovei (MS) defeated Dudzinski (P) 6 2, 6 4 Doubles—May and Maxwell (MS) defeated Wells and Dudzinski (P) 8-6, 6-2, Beeman and McGaw (MS) defeated Stettnei and Aimstrong (P) 3 6, 6-4, 11 9
ATTENTION HOUSE MANAGERS! BUY YOUR DISHES GLASSWARE AND UTENSILS — FROM — GILLESPIE’S Sloie, RosUitti (lilt <md B(ti Sitpphc', 221 Coluiiihia St., Phone 6405
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS Upiversity Book Store Across From Union Red Saminoiis *2.9 * Doc * Epple *40
WE HAPPENED TO SEE a piece in the papei yesteiday about Johnny Rigney, the Chicago Wh^te Sox stai right handei This item told about Johnny’s diaft i-eclassification, and mentioned that he had a conference with Lieutenant Gordon S Cochrane U S.N R In these days a confer ence with a naval officer is not so very strange, but Lieutenant Goidon S, Cochrane is none other than the Mickey Cochiane who pilots the Gieat Lakes Training Station team Most of the spoits wiiteis that have had a chance to see the sailois in action this spring aie of thb opinion that they have a first class team fwith the exception of the pitching Now, a Great Lakes team with Johnny Rigney on the rubbei would be a threat to anyone foi theie is nothing second rate about the way Johnny thiows ’em dcioss Even with the punchleSs White Sox, Johnny Rigney manages to hang up a fine victoiy recoid, and he should be a sensation with the sailois’ team if and when he fends up at the Waukegan station IT IS HARD TO UNDERSTAND the fan that shells out his buck and la-4 to watch a big league baseball gaine._ Last year when Joe DiMatgiO was m the midst of his 56 game batting streak, he pushed the war Hews out of the headlines Newspa- » per and radio station telephone switchboards were swamped with calls about Joltin Joe’s progress. He was cheered at every turn The Yankee stadium did an unprecedented amount of business at the gate, and some of the week day crowds were far larger than those at a Sunday double header This year for some reason which is not evident to even the close observers of the game, the fans at the Yankee stadium have begun to boo when DiMaggio steps up to the plate for his turn atibah Maybe you can ahswer the riddle There isn’t anything wrong with his hitting, for just the other day he hit two homers and a triple to win a ball game for the Bronx Bombers Maybe some of the fans figure that they can do as they please because they haie paid their way into the ball park We can understand a loyal fan who rides the opposition in an effort to help “his” team win, but we can’t see how the price of admission entitles anyone to heap abuse upon some athlete who is in there doing his best WHAT MAKES A PLAYER A BIG LEAGUER’ We wondei why some players kick around the mmois for seveial years, and then sud denly blossom foith as names m the game We lefer specifically to Rookie L-fes Fleming of the Cleveland Indians Two yeais ago Les was with Buffalo of the International League He started out the yeai at fiist base, but did not impress anyone either with his hitting oi his fielding around the initial sack He hit one on the pose eveiy once in the while foi the ciicuit, but his hitting did not put him in the 300 bracket foi the season Last jeai he went down a notch and plaved Class A baseball in the southern league Maybe it was the waim southein climate, but suddenly Les Fleming’s bat began to make the big booming noise that the managers and club owneis love to heai He wound up the season with a 414 batting aveiage, a figule that is good even in the daikest of the bush leagues This yeai Lou Boudreau, the managei of the Cleveland Indians announced that Fleming would be his legular fiist baseman even before the team staited its spring tiaming Thus fai this season Fleming has shown himself woithy of his managei s tiust by continuing to hit haid and often He may not be able to continue at the piesent pace, but he is a big league bpll playei m no unceitain teims 'I'HE BOILERMAKER BASEBALL team managed to get a split out of the series that they played with Indiana at Bloomington This IS no mean accomplishment, for Boilermaker baseball victories on the Hoosier diamond are as rare as hen’s teeth In fact much water has flown ovei the dam since the last Riveter nine won a basebal|^ game theie. It would be nicer to saj that we swept the senes, but no one should complain aboubthe even split 411 of the men on the team deserve a world of credit for their accomplishments over the weekend ’Paul Petneh did a masteiful job m giving the Hoosiers only four hits ovei the full nine inning route Two of the four hits were of the inheld variety He received plenty of help from oiitheldei Duffj Friend w’ho chimed in with a brace of hits and a diving catch in the garden Ernie Young continued to provide the big batting punch with four for five during the contest In yesterdaj’s game, eirors were again responsible for a Boilermaker loss An inexperienced club such as the Riveters are dlwajs has trouble with those bobbles in the field Congratulations to you Dutch Fehring for bringing your team long in such hne style this year, and hats off to you fellows on the team for always being in there pitching
Dianwnd Squad Sfilih;
At t|.
BLOOMINGTON, Ind.—(Special to Purdue
Coach Dutch Fehrmg’s baseball squad lost to Indian^^^nitie
yesterday afternoon, to split the two-day series a,t
ton. The Boilermakers, with Petrich on the mounds tbol| the first game Friday 4-1, and dropped the second of tiie series
yesterday 5-2.
The batteries Friday afternoon were for the Riveters, Petneh and Smith, and for I.U., Logan and Wellman, t*etri<;h had a successful day on the mound, allowing only four Indiana 4, striking out six, and walking
Annual Ten Trick
Ckampionships Slated
For Itoilliwestern Evanston, 111, May 9—Results of
yesteiday afternoon’s tiack and
field dual meets between Indiana eless until the sixth when, with and Pittsbuigh, Iowa and Chicago, Eiiend laid out his^first Pin due and Illinois, Michigan and single and then went to second as Ohio State, and the tiiangular Min- uutfieidei While juggle^d the ^ball nesota - Northwestern - Wisconsin next man up, Young, knocked meet brought Big Ten track foes » single scoring Friend Young one step neaiei the final cindei ^^s the leading hitter of the game competition of the yeai, to be held singles in five trips heie at Noithwestern, Fiiday and The biggest scoring effort of the Satiiiday, May 15-16 Boilermakers came in the fo|low- , TT j T i lug inning The first man up, Sihith, Buckeyes Head List - . . ! j
singled but was foiced out at second
The Ohio State Buckeyes aie qjj fleldei’s choice Petneh filed favoied to lepeat then victoiy in bringing up Burghardt who the indooi Conference champion- ^ p^gg p ships when the ten squads vie in the to the plate and diove his
42nd renewal of outdooi Confeience
meet on the Wildcat tiack Bob ^^^^g j^g^ Riveter run came Wiight, National Collegiate hui- g^pj^ g^pp^^^ dies champion and holdei of indoor Leifbeit’s line single
lecoids in both huidle events, and
Bad Start
The game yesterday got off to a sad start with Indiana scoring three runs in the fiist. With two
,, , ,, , ^ men out, the third man up, BirunMichigan, Its all-time lecoid of ^ei, tupled to left He scored when foui consecutive team titles broken p^^ ^ gjp^ jp last yeai by Indiana, is rated Ohio pj^y^^
QJ 4-r\ 4. ,-v ^ 4-/-»r. 4- 4-V«t ^ 4- ^
’ Friend, Boilermaker leftr ift^lder, was also one of the standoi^s of the day, hitting two singles at ciucial moments, and making a lunging catch of Kilby’s hnqr in the eighth with a man on first and sec-
ond and two out Riveters Score
Dutch Fehring’s squad remained
Captain Ralph Hammond, mainstay m the biilliant-Ohio State lec Old of three team titles at the Diake Relays, will pace the Buck-
eye bid
State’s foiemost thieat The Wol veimes are lead by Bob Ufer, who set the American lecoid of 48 1 foi 440 yaids at the indooi meet Having lost such aces as Archie Hams and Roy Cochrane, the Hoosieis will rely on Camphell
BiughaiAt’s place at first base durthe senes, dropped Wellman’s
pop foul Wellman then singled sending White to third 'l^ite scoied when McFeiren dioppea the relay from Young in an attempt
^ ^ „ to keep Wellman fiom reacliing Kane and sophomore Bail Mitchell ^
in the mile lun to gainer lU points
Individual Stars
Othei stiong contendeis aie Iowa’s Lee Fanner, who has turned in the best bioad jhmp recoid so fai this yeai and Jack DeField, Minnesota pole-vaiiltei, who will defend his title Wisconsin’s weightmen Bob Beieile and Bob Fitch at pies ent have the best distances in the
shot and discus
Champions letiun m six events as Kane defends his half mile record and mile title, and with Wnght in the two huidles and DeField in the vault, Don Smith of Noith-
second base to score Wellman Misselhoin stiuck out Hoffman to end
the inning
Bavis of lU walked in the second inning, setting up Indiana’s fourth lun Bel to, errorless in Friday’s game, missed Misselhoin’s throw in an attempt to pick Pavis off of first base Pavis went to second on the play and then to thud on a hit into deep short With the bases loaded Pavis scored on a balk. Riley Clouts One The Bodeimakei’s only run came in the sixth when Riley hit a tre-
LEARN TO DANCE SUMMER CLASS OPENS FOR LADIES AND GENTLEMEN Thurs., May 21, 7 :30 P. M. Waltz, Slow and Fast Fox-Trot Reduced Rates 8 Lessons $5 00 ENROLL NQW P M Allen, Nationally Known Instructor Phone 2150
ALLEN’S
6lh & Ferry
LET 5 DO THE "WHITE" THING for UNCLE SAM in
Excellent for defense v/erk,.. or ploy' punched or latticed white oxfords with comfortable walking heels
Teachers' Conference Meets For Discossion National officeis of the Ameiican Fedeiation of Teacheis and itpi-e sentativcs of locals in the mid west ein states met in emeigency con , Dine Tonight NU CHINA GRILL CHOW MEIN — CHOP SUEY 409 Columbia St.
SCOBEE’S — All Kinds of Photographic Supplies 11 esh 1 ilin and I ilin Pks — 1 ly Our Quality Kodak rinishini; — PROMPl SERVICE
Phone 241J
105 Northwcsii rn Avi".
feience at the Univeisity late yes teiday aftei noon and evening to dis cuss the immediate piacticaF piob lems of teacheis in ielation to the wai The conteience will have as Its theme “Effective Use oi Teach ei Skills in the War Piogiam” A numbei of members of the Fedeiation of Teacheis leadeis aie expected to attend the conference Representatives of the national and slate employment services of the Pei manent Education Committee of the Ameiican Fedeiation of Laboi and of the U S Office of Education taie also expected to attend yiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii^ 1 Dr. A. M. Irion | i — DENTIST — I = 119 Vi Northwestern Ave. = g Phone 4965 = ^liilliillllllllllllllllilllllllllllllllillllillllllllllllillllllllf
, „ , mendous home run into deep cen-
westein will vie as co-champion m
,, , , teifield The Fehimg men doubled
the high jump
Recoids aie thieatened in no less than seven events, by Kane in his two specialties, by Mitchell in the two mile, Wiight in huidles, and by DeField and Wisconsin’s Bill Williams m the pole vault The
lU in the seventh, when Bill ^urghaidt cqught Boehm off of fir^t by catching a hne drive off of Shu-
maker’s bat
Although Berto made two costly eiiois in yestei day’s gamCj he
,1 1 XI. XU X XU played heads-up ball Fiiday, hanmeet will be the first without the ^ xu x , , , „ XI 1 dling seven chances without an lavehn, chopped fiom the eham- ^ ^ ,1. J ^ --xl Jut in
PAUL'S PLACE BEEF STEAK — BEEF-BARB-Q HOME MADE CHILI PORK TENDERLOIN FURNAS ICE CREAM Phone 2645 216 W. Columbia St. We Deliver
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
pionship piogiam this year Bcht Conference performances of the
ieai
100 Yards— 0) 6 Hammond (Ohioi OJ 8 Farmei (Iowa) Ihomas (Mich ) (with wind) 220 Yards 218 Ufer (Mich) (wind) ^1 ) Hammond Pul (Mieh ) wind) 410 Yards— 48 1* Ufer 48 5 Owen (Ohio) i)0 Rthberu (111 ) S80 Yards—1 oi 1 Kane (Ind ) 1 ob 0 Rchbcij, 1 5b 1^ Mitthews (Mich) Mile—4 10 1^ Mitchell (Ind ) 111* Kane 4 18 4^* Uehber Hij,h Hurdles— 14 V o 1 1 e n w e i d e r (Iowa) Olsen (III) 110 Writ.ht (Ohio) Kron (Pui ) Bverb (Mich ) (with wind) Low Hurdles— 23 3 OI en (with wind) 23 b Adams (Minn ) Thomas (Mieh ) (wind) Mile Relay— 3 lo 3 Ohio State 3 H 0* M,ichiLan 3 23 * Purdut Hnrh Jump—6 ft 4* in EIotflm,..<r (Ohio) b U 4 it Kuhl (low i) ( i o HoeflinRcr) b ft 3* in Ciable (Ohio) ind Johnston (Ohio) Bioad Jump—21 ft 'in * Farni i (Iowa) 21 ft 1^1 \r\ * Dupre (Ohio) 21 ft ' in * Ltwis (III ) Pole Vault— 14 ft * DeField (Minn) Ij ft Us in Williinia (Wis ) 13 ft I in * Schmidt (Ohio) Shot Put—40 ft h in ^ Bcrle iWis ) I ft b 111 Shaw (Ohio) Ib It 9 i ii * 1 itch (Minn ) Diseus IbO G( ft t itch 15b 3 ft Johnston (Ohio) loo ft )*y m Beirle M uie Indoors
erroi and laying out one
thiee times at bat
IM Schedules Caiy Hall will hold two practice games in softball before starting then legulai game schedule These games will be played on Monday and Friday nights at 4 o’clock, The following IS the piactice schedule Monday evening, May 11
Diamond
1 Caiy Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 7 2 Caij Hall 2 vs Cary Hall 6 3 CxUj Hall 3 vs Cary H^ll 5 4 Caiy Hall 4 vs Cary Hall
Staff
Fiiday evening May 15 1 Caiy Hall 2 vs Caiy Hall 7 2 Caiy Hall 4 vs Caiy Hall 6 3 Caiy Hall 1 \s Cary H^ll p 4 Caiy Hall 3 vs Cary Hall
SLiff
Mother’s Day!! (Suiulxiy, May 10th) Remember your best girl (your mother) with a box of delicious Bunte or Gobelin Candy. A gift of Purdue Jewelry would be appropriate. UKIVEIiSin BOOK $w Across from the Union Building M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29 R. W. “Doe” Epple,’40
RUGS CLEANED in the largest, most modern rug cleaning plant in northwestern Indiana when sent to the Crown. No rug too large. Orientals or domestic. Phone 4073 Crown lAiiNORV
Top of the HillW:4
A- ;>j./!^>'i Hk‘;p‘.V>4V ' /' 'r,}"/ ^‘V^'|VV! 'f%'lf> . ‘ . *■./ ' I .'•' .'•' „ ■'’'•'<"•'■ .; ' \. -• f J> " I ' ( ' '' {''’>'■■• I 'i‘' Purdue Exponent , Sun^y, May 10, m^
'll /;
A\
^^4
*v
X. l'^\
NOW JOR COLLEGE MEN-A im OFFICERS' TRAIB U
. - %M^.'
^x
★ New Deferred Service Plan Allows You to Continue Your Education ★
F rom coast to coast—in the skies over America— there is a thundering drone of fighting ships. The mightiest air fleet in the history of the world is mobilizing for victory! So fast is it growing that there is a place here—an urgent need here—for every college man in America who can qualify for Officer’s Training. The U. S. Army Air Forces need Officers .;. Flying Officers and Ground Crew Officers. And many of them must come from the ranks of today’s college students—men who make their plans now for the necessary Aviation Cadet training. Thanks to a newly created Air Force Reserve plan, men of all classes,—within the ages of 18 to 26, inclusive—can enlist for immediate service or continue the scholastic work required for graduation before being called for active duty. You must meet "the requirements for physical fitness, of course. In addition, you take a new simplified test to determine your ability to grasp the training. A college man should pass it easily.
$75 A Mmm
miNiNa
Those accepted who wish immediate duty will go into training as rapidly as facilities permit. As an Aviation Cadet, you are paid $75 per montlC with $1.00 a day for subsistence, with quarters, medical care, necessary uniforms, clothing, equipment, trav-
eling expenses.
In,8 months you can win an officer’s commission on the basis of your training record in competition with other Aviation Cadets. You can become one of the musketeers of the air—a bombardier, navigator, or a pilot—and be well started on your way to serve America and advance yourself in aviation. MMY BRA^C^HES OF SEB^IGE There are also commissions awarded in ground crew service. College men particularly will be interested in the requirements for Armaments, Communications, Engineering, Meteorology, Photography. If you have extensive engineering experience your chances of getting a commission are excellent. This past year about 80% of all Aviation Cadets were commissioned as Second Lieutenants—about
THREE ENLISTMENT PLANS FOR COLLEGE MEN Juniors • Sophomores • Freshmen IVlay Continue Their Education 1. A new plan allows Juniors, Sophomores and Freshmen in college, aged 18 to 26, inclusive, to enlist in the Air Force Enlisted Reserve and continue their schooling, provided they maintain satisfactory scholastic standings. All College IVIen IVlay Enlist for Immediate Service 2. All college students may enlist as privates in the Army Air Forces (unassigned) and serve there until their turns come for Aviation Cadet training. 3. All college students may enlist in the Air Force' Enlisted Reserve and wait until they are ordered to report for Aviation Cadet training. Upon graduation or withdrawal from college, men will be assigned to active duty at a training center as facilities become available. If the necessity of war demands, the deferred status in the Army Reserve may be terminated at any time by the Secretary of War.
The new j$rmy Air Force Enlisted Reserve Plan is part of an over-all Army Enlisted Reserve Corps program shortly to be announced. This program will provide opportunities for college men to enlist In other branches of the Army on a deferred basis and to continue their education through graduation If a satisfactory standard of work is maintained. In case of necessity the Secretary of War shall determine when they be called to active duty. It is understood that men so enlisted will have the opportunity of competing for vacancies In officer's candidate schools. This plan has been approved In the belief that continuance of education will develop capacities tor leadership. (Reserve enlistment will not alter regulations regarding established R.O.T.C. plans.)
67% as flying officers. Those who do not qualify remain in the Air Forces on an enlisted status and have further opportunities. As a Second Lieutenant on active duty with the Army Air Forces, your pay ranges from $183 to $245 a month. AHiiTiON-THE UMim IHMSTIIY The opportunities for aviation in civilian life have barely been touched. You will bring to those opportunities not only the best training in the world—but the executive ability of an Army officer’s training and experience, which have always commanded a premium in business life. ACT AT OMCE If you want to fight for America, this is where you can strike deadly blows against our enemies. If you want advancement—years of solid achievement and education that can never be duplicated— this is where you belong. If you want to be up there in the middle of things— when the enemy cries quits—your place is /jere—in the Army Air Forces. FLY WITH YOUR FRIENDS A special squadron for training is now forming at this college. You and your friends can share together the work and fun of training. If you plan to enlist immediately, start getting your necessary papers ready for the Aviation Cadet Examining Board when it meets in your locality. For complete information, see your Faculty Air Force Advisor. You can lake your mental and physical examinations the same day you apply. Get further information now.
NOTE: If you wish to enlist, and you are under 2if you will need your parents’ or guardian's consent. Birth certificates and three letters of recommendation tcill be required of all applicants. Obtain the forms and send them home today—you can then complete your enlistment before any Aviation Cadet Examining Board,
★
SEE YOUR FACULTY AIR FORCE AOVISOR FOR FULL INFORMATION
(Or Apply to Your Local Recruiting and Induction Station)
U. S. ARMY RECRUITING AND INDUCTION STATION; 219 P. 0. DIdg., Laf.iyetfc, Ind. AVIATION CADET EXAMINING BOARD; Lafayefte, Ind. (
OUier Army RccutUng and Induction Stations arc in the following cities: INDIANAPOLIS EVANSVILLE FORT WAYNE GARY TERRI HAUTE Other Aviation Cadet Examining Boards arc located in the following cities:
ANGOLA INDIANAPOLIS
■THL SPECIAL EXAMINING BOARD WILL VISIT PURDUE UNIVERSITY SOON