>
'J ' '■ 'i' ’" \ 4'; Ja ^'TV J iV" , fr iv ;> C
NV
the Purdue Exponent
VOLUME FORTY-NINE
Lafayette, Indiana, Sunday, November 14, 1937
NUMBER 54
Boilermakers Tie Wisconsin, 7-7
I
Rain Threatens As Crowd Of Nearly 23^000 Sees Game At Randall Field
Foreign Death came early this week to Ramsay McDonald, three times prime minister of Great Britain, less than six months after his retirement from public life. The 71-year-old Scotchman, friend of labor and foe of war, succumbed to a heart ailment while enrcute to South America for his
health.
Japan’s cold shoulder to the ninepower Brussels conf^ence for reestablishing peace in the Far East may produce direct aid for China. The United States, France, and England solidly declare the Nipponese responsible for continuation of the war. Japan has twice refused to join the parley.
Japan’s threats to dominate Shanghai’s International Settlement brought British orders to open fire immediately if troops stationed in that area were attacked. The United States also served notice she will not remove her soldieifs from Shanghai despite possible entanglements with the Tokyo government.
Because Nantao adjoins the French concession, officials there were worried for the safety of their nationals, this week when Japanese troops launched a determined attack against the section. As a result, a full detachment of French marines was landed from the French fiagship LaMotte Picquette to strengthen defense lines.
War betweep Russia and Japan is imminent, according to neutral American observers at Peiping. Col. Hiroshi Nomoto, chief of the Japanese service mission, says while Japan is fighting China with her left hand she is saving her right for Russia. Coupled with this declaration comes authoritative reports from Tokyo that Japan has concentrated over 250,000 soldiers between Hsinking, a city to the north and west of Peiping, and the Siberian frontier. Italian volunteers, 16,000 strong, left civil war torn Spain this week, but not homeward bound. Mussolini’s withdrawn forces were sent to Libya, North Africa. This Italian possession is not far from the Brit-ish-owned Egypt.
Livestock Judging Teams Practice Here Several livestock judging teams fiom over the Middle West are spending the week-end on the Purdue campus in practice judging on University herds and flocks, preparing for the contests at the International Livestock Exposition to be held in Chicago November 27. Teams are here from the University of Illinois, Michigan' State College and Ohio State University and also the Indiana championship junior team from Laporte county, the latter group having won the honor at the state fair in September. Yesterday the teams visited the Conner Prairie Farip at Noblesville, owned by Eli Lilly'and Lynnwood Farm at Carmel, bwned by Charles J. Lynn. Toledo Scale Company To Show Wares Tomorrow Scales that are operated by photoelectric cells, others used for milk receiving stations, and numerous other kinds of scales used for just about any kind of purpose will be on display in a special automobile trailer which will be housed Monday afternoon from 1 to 4:30 o’clock in the main laboratory of the Mechanical Engineering Building. The display, put on by the Toledo Scale Company, will be of interest both to engineering and dairy students, as well as many others. Arrangements for the exhibits were made yesterday by Prof. G. A. Yottng and E. C. DeBruler.
WSGA Court Keeps June Denny In On Two Date Nights By The Roving Reporter Dateless in self imposed discipline, June Denny, member of the WSGA Judicial Board, sat at home all alone last night, and will again tonight. Virginia Slocum, chairman of the WSGA court which imposes penalties for misdemeanors, says June is the first member of the council to be penalized by her own group. June was thirty-five minutes late last week-end—^because her watch was wrong. Martha Moorhead, a sister justice, commented before the hysterical board who heard the case Wednesday that that wasn’t a good excuse, and not usually accepted.
June giggled.
So the erring member was deprived of social engagements on two date nights. Charlie Cox, who helped make her late, misses his girl and considers the penalty his, too, he says. June, when interviewed last night, didn’t mind the interruption of her spinster knitting, and said, “At least I’ll catch up on my sleep!”
—TODAY— 2:00 p.m.—American Chemical Society reception—Rooms 1 and 2, Union. 2:30 p.m.—Peace Committee—motion pictures. Faculty lounge. Union. 3:00 p.m.—Jewish Youth meeting, Peasant room, Union. 5:15 p. m.—Variety Hour, Ballroom, Union. 8:00 p. m.—Musical program. Music room. Union. —TOMORROW— 4:00 p. m.—Agronomy seminar. Room 201, Ag Hall. 4:00 p.m.—Committee on State of the University. Faculty lounge. Union.
South America’s largest nation, Brazil, set up a dictatorship this week. Dictator Vargar, hea,d of the new government, says the former democracy was dissolved because he feai’ed an armed revolution, brewing since 1936. War Finally overcome by the Japanese army’s steam-roller tactics, Generissimo Chiang Kai-Shek’s Chinese warriors surrendered Shanghai to Japanese forces Tuesday. They had successfully held the city for 83 days, but Japan’s flanking move ment of last week (the landing of huge army units at Hangchow bay, 30 miles south of Shanghai) threatened to cut off the greater part of the Chinese central army, hence the withdrawal. So quiet was the Chinese retreat Monday night from the city to their “Hindenburg Line,” 60 miles West of’'Shanghai, Japanese commanders were unaware they were in possession of the city until 8 o’clock the next morning.
West Lafayette Baptist: Dean Fisher will speak at the student forum this morning at 9:30. The Armistice Day services will be given at 10:46, at which time Reverend Gleason will speak on the subject, “Let Us Be Peacemakers.” At 6:30 this afternoon, the Roger Williams Club social hour will be followed by a ten cent lunch, while ,at 6:30, Col. George Beyers will address students on “The Crisis in China.” Reverend Gleason will speak on “How to Keep America Out of War,” at 7:30. Also a play, “To the Unknown Soldier,” will be
presented.
First Christian:
The student class topic at 9:30 this morning will be “Jesus Accepts the Cross.” At 10:40 the morning worship services Will be conducted by Rev. Doyle Mullen on the subject, “The Price of Leadership.” The regular social hour and lunch will, be conducted in the basement of the church at 5:30 this evening. At ^:30 the young people’s discussion hour will be led by Frank Langley and John Thompson. Rabbi Simon will speak on “What My Church Means to Me,” at 7:30 tonight.
Shell’s screaming across International Settlement terrified Chinese refugees and foreign citizens Wednesday morning when Nipponese forces started to “clean up” 10,000 Chinese troops trapped in the Nantao section of Shanghai. H. R. Knickerbocker, INS correspondent in Shanghai, succeeded in sending a message through to the Chinese commander of the stranded troops (Continued on page 2)
Central Presbyterian: In charge of Reverend Findley, the Sunday school services will begin at 9:30 this morning. At 10:46 the regular morning worship jServices will be conducted, a feature of which will be the singing of the University Choir, under the direction of A1 Stewart. At 6 o’clock tonight Professor Hadley, of the mathematics department, will speak on “A New Slant on Morality.” St. John’s Episcopal: Communion service this morning will begin at 8:00. At 10:46 the regular morning religious services will be conducted, the topic of which remains undisclosed at this writing. A meeting of the Young People’s Fellowship will begin at 6 tonight, with an informal supper in conjunction.
By Jack Brown
Gamp Randall Stadium, Madison, Wis., Nov. 13—Purdue and Wisconsin battled to a 7 to 7 tie here this afternoon in one of the most exciting and thrill packed exhibitions the Boilermakers have taken part in this season. The 22,989 spectators, surviving under a wintry west wind accompanied by overcast skies that threatened rain throughout the game, were kept on edge for the entire 60 minutes by numerous fumbles and fluke plays that were made doubly uncertain by the slippery field.
Play Spotty Ball
Both teams played spotty ball, with passes taking the foreground. Purdue completed only three of the 18 passes attempted, six of which were intercepted, while the Badgers completed nine out of 22, with two intercepted. Cecil Isbell and Lou Brock starred for the Boilermakers. Isbell, except for a few misplays caused by the wet hall and slippery field, played one of the best games of his brilliant college career and Brock did a fine job of wiggling his way through on broken field runs. A lucky break in the opening minutes of the second quarter allowed the Badgers to draw first blood. With the ball on Purdue’s ten yard line, Isbell fumbled on an attempted run around right end. The ball hopped into the end zone and Dorsch fell on it for a touchdown and Eckl kicked the point.
Purdue Retaliates
Purdue retaliated, but not until the first half was almost over, when Cec Isbell, with less than two min utes to go, tossed a beautiful 60 yard pass from his own 20 to Zach ary, who made a sensa^tional catch on the Wisconsin 20 and went over for the touchdown. Isbell converted, to tie the score at seven all. The second half was all Purdue but costly fumbles and interceptions kept them from scoring and the game ended, 7 to 7.
West Lafayette Methodist Episcopal: The Sunday school classes will be split into two groups this morning: the co-ed class will meet with MrA McFadden at the Wesley Foundation House, while the men will meet at the church with Reverend McFadden and hear his talk on “World Peace.” At the 10:40 morning services, Professor Hildebrande, of De? Pauw University, will speak on “Suffering.” The Wesley orchestra will practice this afternoon at 4 o’clock, while at 6 o’clock the fellowship hour and supper will be given at the Foundation House. The University Epwprth League services will be at 6:30. Tonight at eight, the Wesley players will present, for a second consecutive Sunday, tbeir play entitled “The Enemy.” The presentation will be given at the Brookston high
school. >
Tickets Go On Sale For Annual Purdue Football Banquet Tickets are now on sale for the annual Purdue Football Banquet, which will be held Monday evening, November 22, in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building, L. E. Hoffman, chairman of the committee in charge of arrangements, announced yesterday. As in previous years, the banquet is being sponsored by the Lafayette Kiwanis Club. Numerous persons prominent in the football world, including Head Coach Elmer Layden, of Notre Dame, have been invited to appear on the program and the committee is expecting the return of many outstanding former University stars, who were responsible for the University’s sparkling football history. To Award Letters Major and minor letters will be awarded to members of the varsity team and members of the freshman football sqiiad will receive their numerals, all as a part of the evening’s program, Mr. Hoffman announced. Tickets are on sale at Decker’s in Lafayette, at Deac’s and at the office of Alumni Secretary Eth Baugh, in West Lafayette. Also, all members of the Lafayette Kiwanis Club have tickets for sale. Epworth League To Hear Co-op DIscusslonTonight “What Cooperatives Can Mean to You,” is the subject for discussion at the regular meeting of the Uni^ versity Epworth League this evening at 6:30 in the West Lafayette Methodist Church. Gladys Knollman, Welbourne Tooker, and James Ludberg, student leaders of the cooperative housing movement, will explain the origin and growth of the Student Cooperative Association. Mrs. Harriet Mueller Will AddressAAUWWednesday “A Bundle of Books from Indiana” will be the subject of a talk by Mrs. Harriet Mueller, speech instructor in the West Side high school, at the monthly meeting of the junior members of the American Association of University Wom-
en.
Former Ag St-udejit Given Governmental Position Bruce S. Mars, Ag. ’24, has been appointed supervisor at the Chicago office of the Bvrreau of Agricultural Economics of the U. S. De partihent of Agriculture. While attending Purdue, Mars specialized in dairy products. He resigned from the bureau in 1927 to work for the A & P Company of Springfield, Mass., but returned to the government office in 1936. Mars is expected to <^irect the bureau’s field work in the Chicago territory.
Other Scores
Play By Play
Purdue wins the toss and elects to kick off. Humphrey kicks off to Benz on his ^0 and he runs it back to the 38. The first two plays net one yard. Wisconsin fumbles on the third play, Purdue recovers. Winchell fumbles on the first play and the Badgers recover on their own 41. Schmitz passes to Benz and the play goes to the 50. Weiss slices through center for a first down.
Fumbles
The Riveters are penalized five yards for offside on an incomplete short pass. Weiss recovers his own fumble and then on a reverse from Schmitz fumbles again and Purdue
recovers.
An eight yard pass from Nesbitt to Vergane is called back as both squads were offside. Winchell and Selby take turns carrying the ball and advance it two yards. Nesbitt tosses an incomplete pass and then kicks on the fourth down to Gavre who plows up to the 18. 14 Yard Gain Schmitz makes a yard. Malesevich catches Schmitz’s pass on his 34 for a first down. Vergane covers Malesevich’s fumble but both teams were offside. Malesevich tries a pass which is incomplete, and on the next play he reels off 14 yards before he is dropped on his 48, Weiss goes through center for two. Gavre gets up to the Purdue 39 after an 11 yard gain around left end. First down. After an incomplete pass, Wisconsin is penalized 16 yards for holding. Malesevich smashes the line for 11 yards. Gavre tosses a pass to
Minnesota 7; Northwestern 0. Chicago 26; Beloit 0. Indiana 3; Iowa 0. Ohio State 19; Illinois 0. Michigan 7; Pennsylvania 0. Notre Dame 7; Army 0. Pittsburgh 13; Nebraska 7. Yale 26; Princeton 0. Cornell 6; Dartmouth 6. Amherst 13; Williams 6. Syracuse 6; Columbia 6. Michigan S. 13; Carnegie Tech 6. Temple 0; Bucknell 0. Holy Cross 7; Brown 0. Iowa State 3; Marquette 0. Harvard 15; Davidson 0. Lafayette 6; Washington and
Jefferson 0.
North Carolina 14; Duke 0. Alabama 7; Georgia Tech 0. Boardman's Speech Ends Annual Critic Teachers Meeting Dr. Charles W. Boardman, of the University of Minnesota, said yesterday morning to the directors and supervisors of teacher training and critic teachers, at their thirteenth annual state conference held here this week-end, “The need for a better program for the education of teachers in this country seems obvious. The necessity exists to make the theoretical instruction of teachers more meaningful and concrete.” “What Teachers Should Know of Mental Hygiene of Adolescent Youth,” was the subject of the talk given by Dr. Fowler D. Brooks, head of the DePauw University department of education and psychology, and Dr. Harriet E. O’Shea spoke on “What the Teacher Should ELnow of the Mental Hygiene of Childhood.” Thomas Mahan, state director of teacher training and licensing, presided over the 300 teachers attending the sessions.
Malesevich which is completed to the Purdue 22. Two plays by Malesevich and Weiss „ net only two yards. Schmitz heaves an incomplete pass and then makes 7 yards around right end but fails to make a first down. Purdue’s ball on its own 13.
15 Yard
Juska fails to gain and Brock picks up two yards. Cecil Isbell kicks to Schmitz on the Wisconsin 40 and^ he runs it up to the 50, but the Badgers are penalized 15 yards for ] oughing the kicker. Two receiver’s fail to captui-e Isbell’s pass and Boyle intercepts the ball on the Boilermaker 28, The play is taken to the 22 on a six yard pass from Malesevich to Loehrke. Weiss makes a yard. Gavre shakes himself loose and goes to the Purdue five yard line before he is stopped. Threat Ended Cody Isbell intercepts Schmitz’s pass on the goal line and runs it back to his 20, where he slips and falls. Cec punts to Schmitz on the Wisconsin 37 and he returns the kick to the Purdue 47. Malesevich makes a yard as the quarter ends. Score: Purdue, 0; Wisconsin, 0. Second Quarter Wisconsin’s ball, second and nine to go. Schmitz’s pass to Loehrfirg is incomplete. Schmitz goes through tackle for five yards. Schmitz punts from mid-field to Brock on the Pur(Continued on page 3);;
'^h;f
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
The Editor Says
3tock In Honor Systems...
took a vise this fall when Tulane University restored a plan which had been abandoned three years ago on account of ill-treatment. The policy of placing students pretty much on their own sense of fairness in taking tests and final examinations was seemingly on the way out, but its readoption at the New Orleahs institution indicates some students and educators still have faith in it. Class presidents and sixty members of the Honor Board pledged themselves to uphold and enforce Tulane’s honor system at the reinaugural ceremonies. They took the following oath: “I hereby solemnly pledge as a member of the Honor Board that I will warn any student whom I observe committing any infraction of the Honor Regulations of the College of Arts and Sciences. Also, I pledge that, after one such warning has ■ been given in any examination or quiz, I will report any subsequent violation to the Ho^or Regulations to the dean of the college. I pledge that I will uphold the Honor System in its entirety.-’ The honor system is a commendable institution . . . if it works. At a university such as Purdue, however, where so much emphasis is placed on grades, instead of on knowledge, we believe the honor policy is impracticable. One of the best ways of breaking a bad habit is to remove the temptation. The same principle is true in enforcing regulations: make the regulations as difficult to break as possible and you will greatly decrease the frequency of violation. So, in order to insure fairness among University students on examinations, we recommend that the students be so seated that copying is practically impossible, and that such a good system of proctoring be employed that cribbing cannot be accomplished with any degree of security. The University already provides for sufficiently burdensome penalties to be imposed upon students convicted of cheating on tests and examinations, and these penalties are inflicted whenever a student is found guilty. First-hand knowledge and the statements of other students convince us, however, that many more students cheat than are ever caught. This method of preventing copying and cribbing is of course not the best for the building of character. A student who passes up an opportunity to cheat be-
the Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at tHe post office in' Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct 8, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published dailjf except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $3 per year; by mail $3.60. REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAU ADVERTISING BV NaiioiialAdvertES8iigService,ii!ic. College Publishers Represenlative 4£o Madison AVE. New York, N. Y. CHICAGO - Boston - Los Angeles - san Francisco MAIN OFFICE • 312 N. Fifth St, Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6037 Business Phone 6038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
Editor-In-Chief
Business Manager
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor J. E. Brock Associate Editors........ .....D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance Editor’s Secretary .Margaret Sawyer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager........ .....J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager ..W, J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager R. R. Hensler Circulation Manager... M. C. ReeVes CO-ED STAFF Editor , Elizabeth Pyke Associate Editors .....Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin Sally McKee SPORTS STAFF Editor...- R. F. Obenchain Associate Editors..... J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All_ opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief. Issue Editor—Woodson Night Editor—Vance Sunday, November 14, 1937
cause he thinks cheating is wrong is much more reliable than the fellow who doesn’t cheat because he fears’ the consequences. How can the honesty of a person be judged if that person has never faced temptation ? An honor system must have a large majority of students back of it in order to be effective. At Purdue, we should say, the psychology of grades is entirely wrong to obtain any amount of favorable sentiment for such a policy.
Are you a “grandstand quarterback?” That’s the name of a backseat driver at a football game. Columbia Univerity’s volcanic coach, Lou Little, has given a picturesque description of football game pests. “You never hear ’em say anything before the play is made,” he explained. “If it’s the right play, nothing’s said afterwards. But if it’s wrong they start giving out the solution after the thing has gone to print, so to speak.” Coach Little’s further classification of other types of gridiron nuisances are: umbrella-pokers, mus-tard-smearers, coffee-spillers, and ash-scatterers. For the umbrella-toters: “If you think jt’s going to rain,” Lou said, “you ought to be prepared for it. Wear an oilskin—but leave your umbrella at home. They’re apt to poke somebody in the eye—or irrigate the neck belonging to the person in front of you or block out the view for the near-sighted person behind you.” Red mustard and coffee consumers : “It’s all right to eat frankfurters—and they should have mustard on them. But keep the mustard on the frankfurter. And don’t let coffee dribble from your paper cup to the beaver collar of the gentleman sitting in front pf you.” Smoking in the stands frequently labels you a pest. Wind-blown ashes are likely to drift some time before settling down—and burn holes in somebody’s smart black reefer or get in someone’s eyes.
WB A A Programs
—MONDAY— 11:00—American Institutions— Prof. Robert Phillips. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Agricultural Forum— Eva Buel, R. 0. Cole. 12:15—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30—Sports Review— Bob Heine. 12:45—Don Bowden^— Popular melodies, 1:00—Mrs. Bay Gillespie. 1:16—Can You Pronounce It? 1:45—Market and Weather Reports.
Well, chums, this is the last day that you will have to suffer. Th® regular writer will be back from an inspection trip (we hope) and will take over this thankless job. We are grateful to all contributors for their fine cooperation. Problem: Prove that freshmen have no real value. Hypothesis: Foo times goo equals Step 1: Solving for goo and multiplying by 2, 2 foo equals 2/goo. Theorem; Stop times go equals traffic. Stop equals 1/go. Substituting in equation 1 and spelling stop backwards we get: Step 2: Foo equals 2 pots/0. Since a pot over nothing is equal to a freshman, we have: 2 foo equals 2 freshmen, or a freshman equals foo. Step 3 (Modern accepted theory): Many rtien smoke but foo- men chew. By differential integration we discover that foo is less than many. Therefore: Many equals foo nlus more. Many minus more equals foo. Step 4: Since many may be more
ARC
TODAY-MONDAY HAL ROACH presents
than more or less than more, we find that foo can have no real value, and is an imaginary quantity. Conclusion: Since foo equals a freshman, and since foo has no real value, it is now evident that a freshman has no real value. “Bold and Cracked.” We would like to have some contribs from you faculty members. You are in a wonderful position to send in dirt on each other. So lets have it from you Profs and Docs. We’re sure that you could use a Mars double pass as well as the students. Dapper young John Dietrich, new Playshop manager, is sorry now that he didn’t grade his Speech 14 papers sooner. What with going to Gold Diggers and the Kappa pledge dance, he didn’t get to them until after the yellow slip deadline. Hence, no yellow slips, even though some test grades were down in the forties. We are”“"in favor of more Dietrich men and less mice on the faculty staff.
3uhday. November 14, 1937
Hie Week's NEWS
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
(Continued from page 1) inquiring how they were faring. In reply, he got this un-Oriental mes sage: “Let ’em come. We can take it!”
Although neutral observers were unable to make definite computations of the cost of the war in the East, fairly accurate sources gave these figures for the ShanghaiNorth China fighting: Expenditures: Japanese-—$600,000,000. Chinese—$250,000,000. Property Loss: Chinese—$200,000,000. Casualties (dead and wounded): Japanese—125,000. Chinese—300,000; Trade Loss: Japanese—^$250,000,000. Chinese—$100,000,000.
Washington
Marshalling his aids in a virtual war-time fashion. President Roosevelt this week turned both barrels on his administration’s perennial problem twins, industry and business. Frequent and long were his conferences with administration advisors. He is burning midnight oil in an attempt to frame one of the most important messages to Congress since 1933. All week he was trying to decide whether to keep priming the business pump with more RFC loans or to continue his di’ive to balance the budget, curtailing government experditures all along the line and encouraging business to go ahead on its own.
mmToday and Monday
mD\\YOURlSIDE$'? FOLKS .\ ITS All FOR FI
Starts Today TWO SWELL FIRST RUN HITS
Strike up the band forj this stirring flag fly-^ ing romance!
JAMES ELUS0N MAiSHA HINT HARRY CAREY VAM HEFLIR DlnoM br Cbrltty' CohcuuM. Producmii braobartSf0k..
'V\
■He’s spoiled me for any other men!”
President’s spokesman. Secretary of the Treasury Morganthau, told a New York audience Thursday there was still need to balance the 1938-39 budget. This, coupled with the fact the President came out with a plan for . private housing aid the same
day was taken to indicate Roosevelt still intends to balance the budget. Major bills on crop control, government reorganization, wage and hour legislation, and regional planning will not be ready for Congress, (Continued on page 4)
Must Romance End With Marriage?. . . Angel says "No!" i
Obey- that impulse .. . That's what 1 ngel did!
Starts TODAY moA
fHE HIP-HBP-Eddir turns Bagdad into a Y938‘inoiltf Gad-dad to the turn of these newGordoa and Revel hltsl "Laush VowWay Tfcw Uh" ."V«**foiHon«i» Ab#" • "Swing b To Sw*v" • "I’v* Co* My Hmi* St* On You"
Ms TODAY hiiAilg
AA
\
Simday, November 14, yl937
THE PDIU)liE E^I^MT
Illinois Falls Before Boilermaker B' Squad 14-0
Run Called Back Both teams substituted freely during the second and third periods. Many sophomore Boilermakers saw action in this half. With Vyverberg in i.he backfield and Bremer in the line, *^he Riveters showed plenty of pep and fight. Vyverberg made the most spt<’tacular run of the game in the thirv^ quarter when he raced 60 yards through the entire Illini team for a touchdown. However, the score was not recorded because of a clipping penalty. The fourth quarter found the Boilermakers gaining at will through the left side of the Illinois line. Rex Herbert ended the scoring by forcing his way over the Illini goal line from the three yard stripe.
Subscribe for The Purdue Exponent NOW!
Montague, Vyverberg Cross line For First Victory Of Season; Game Features Accurate Passes, Long Runs Purdue’s “B” team won their first game of this season yesterday afternoon in Ross-Ade stadium by downing the Illinois “B” squad 14-0. The tussle was featured by many long runs and accurate passes, but the Boilermakers netted their gross score on short funs through the left side of the Illini line.
First Purdue Touchdown *
The first quarter opened with both teams battling on gven terms. This quarter was rather conservative, and was ended by a lopg Purdue drive with Montague plunging into the end zone for the first Purdue tally. The conversion was good and
the Boilermakers led 7-0.
During the second period the football tilt took a Sudden change. Illinois produced a barrage of passes that lasted till the end of the game. Many of these were completed, but the Illini never got within scoimg distance of the Purdue goal line.
fielder’s choice
i'
A long pass from C6c Isbell to Jim Zachary saved the game for the Boilermakers yesterday . . . . This is one'^of the few Boilermakeis passes which have clicked this year . . . . Purdue has completed only 29 out of 98 passes attempted . . . . While their opponents have clickei on 50 percent of their attempts—
51 out of 102.
—fc—
We only missed one prediction on football results, and that was oui piediction that Cornell would defeat Columbia .... In as much as Cornell played Dartmouth and Columbia took on the Orange of Syracuse, we didn’t come out so good on this prediction .... We’re blaming it on the linotype operator or someone, but both gables ended in a 6 to 6 tie and we couldn’t have picked the winner anyway.
—^fc—
71,000 spectators saw the Cornhuskers outplay Pitt for three quarters and finally go into the lead, 7 to 0, on a sixty yard run by Dodd . . . . But then the Panthers turned on the steam and ran the ball over the goal .... With'the score 7 to 6 in Nebraska’s favor and needing only to stall through the game, a bad pass from center allowed Pitt to recover on the Cornhuskers’ 30 yard line where they ran the ball over and won the game, 13 to 7.
Have your Sunday and Evening Dinner at the NU CHINA CAFE 409 Columbia Street We specialize in serving the best American and Chinese food at Popular Prices. AMERICAN MENU 11 A. M. to 2 P. M. Tomato Spaghetti Soup CHOICE OP Fried Halibut Steak, Lemon Fried Scallops, Tartar Sauce Breaded Calf Sweetbread, Brown Sauce Baked Pork Spare-Ribs, Sweet Potatoes ^ Ham Omelette MASHED POTATOES, BUTTERED PEAS COTTAGE CHEESE SALAD ROLLS AND BUTTER ICE CREAM, SHERBET, OR SLICED PEACHES COFFEE, TEA, OR MILK
A Big Bowl of Soup with Crackers and Butter Hot Roast Pork or Veal Sandwich with Gravy, Potatoes and Dnnk Oysters Stewed in Milk In Cream . CHINESE MENU 11 A. M. to 2 P. M. Tomato Spaghetti Soup CHOICE OF Plain Chop Suey, Chop Suey Chow Mein Extra Fine Chop Suey Mushroom Chop Suey Chicken Chow Mein RICE, EGG FOO YUNG, ROLLS AND BUTTER ICE CREAM, SHERBET, OR SLICED PEACHES TEA, coffee, or MILK MISCELLANEOUS 11 A. M. to 2 P. M. Egg Foo Yung Sandwich with Gravy, Rice, and Drink % Order of Chop Suey Chow Mein Pie
10c 25c
35c 50c
40c 40c 60c 75c
25c 35c 10c
Women’s Atl^letics
Hockey i Two all-star hockey teams, the Golds and the Blacks, which have been selected from the class squads, will compete Tuesday afternoon at 4 o’clock for the championship. Those chosen for the all-star Black team are: J.-Stickler, G. Walker, B. Cook, B. Dobson, E. Maier, R. Vandivier, J. Bailey, M. Jenkins, B. Roderick, B. Spears, M. Reimann, J. Cook. Jean Campbell is captain. Mable Cambell’s all-star Gold team is composed of: M. McKnight, M. Weishaar, S. Bouton, J. Shaffer, P. Swick, V. Blank, R. Wiley, M. Brewer, M. Delaplane, M. Mather,
L. Gabler, K. Merritt.
Sports Spread Class numerals and “P” monograms will be awarded to girls who have made their points in fall sports at the WAA Sports Spread on Thursday at 5:30 p. m. in the WAA cabin. Co-eds who have made a class team this fall are eligible for numerals, and girls who have a thousand points will be awarded “P” monograms. These winners will be pledged to Sportswomen, co-ed athletic honorary. Horse shoe pitching and ping pong will be played, and WAA songs sung. Girls who care to hike to the cabin will receive hiking points for doing so. Tickets for the spread, priced at 25 cents, are on sale at the Women’s Gymnasium, sorority houses and the residence halls. Hockey Standings , Final standings in the inter-class hockey tournament, which was finished last week, were announced recently by Miss Veronica Brady, of the women’s physical education department. The junior co-eds captured first place with three wins, one tie, and one loss. The senior team earned second place, winning three games and losing the same number. Third place was taken by the sophomore class, which won two games, lost two, and tied two. By winning one game, tying two, and losing one game, the freshmen girls finished in fourth place. Cross Countrymen Lose To Wisconsin \ Wisconsin’s cross country team defeated the Boilermakers 19-43 at Madison, Wis., yesterday morning. The meet with the Badgers wound up the 1937 Riveter cross country schedule. Coach Phillips’ harriers finished the season with two victories and fdur setbacks. All of the six members of the squad which competed at Wisconsin will return ne'kt year for the fall sport.
Play By Play (Continued from page 1)
due two yard line. Brock returns to the ten. Wisconsin Scores Oif the first Boilermaker play Isbell fumbles as he goes around right end and as the ball bounces into the end zone. Isbell and Dorsch scramble for it. Dorsch recovers for Wisconsin touchdown. Eckl replaces Dorsch, and converts the extra point. Score: Wisconsin 7; Purdue 0. Brock receives Eckl’s kick on his ten yard line and returns the ball to the 38. Brock’s pass to Cecil Isbell incomplete. Cecil Isbell fumbles as he goes through right tackle but recovers. Cecil Isbell’s lateral to Brock is intercepted by Weiss, who returns the ball to the Wisconsin 49 yard
line.
Gavre laterals to Schmitz for a three yard gain. Malesevich gains one yard. The play is called back and Wisconsin receives a five yard penalty for backfield in motion. Lose Ball On Downs Malesevich picks up three yards off right guard. Schmitz completes a pass to Weiss for a four yard gain* Weiss fumbles going through center but recovers. Purdue’s ball on downs. Juska fumbles, recovered by Humphrey for no loss. Cecil Isbell’s pass to Zachary is incomplete. Gavre intercepts Isbell’s next pass and pulls away to bring the ball back fifteen yards to the Purdue 42. Schmitz is thrown for a three yard loss. Schmitz’s pass is knocked down. Schmitz’s quick kick goes out on Purdue’s 38. Brock Gains 15 Cecil Isbell laterals to Brock for a gain of four yards. Brock goes through center for a yard. He trys center again, gaining 15 yards. First down on Wisconsin’s 42 yard line. Cody Isbell laterals to Juska for four yards. Isbell’s pass to Brock is knocked down. Brock hits center for four yards. Juska is stopped after a gain of one yard and Wisconsin gets the ball on downs. Weiss is knocked out of bounds after picking up one yard. Schmitz goes through left guard for a yard. Brock receives Schmitz’s kick on his 17 yard line. Isbell crashes center for nine yards and then whips the ball to Juska who goes on for four more and a first down. Cecil Isbell runs right end for three yards. Isbell crashes* center for nine yards. Cecil Isbell passes to Cody Isbell for a gain of six yards. Brock fumbles, Juska recovers on the Purdue 40. Time out to wipe off the ball. Touchdown, Pass On the next play Zacjhary goes through center and far down the field, Cecil Isbell receives the ball from center, fades back and heaves the ball to the Purdue end on the Wisconsin 20. Zachary in the clear goes over for the Boilerhiaker touchdown. The gain was good for sixty yards. Isbell converts the extra point. Score: Purdue 7; Wisconsin 7. Malesevich receives Woltman’s
GOODYEAR LIFE-GUARD TUBES WE PROVED THEIR SAFETY If you were among the fortunate spectators who witnessed the thrilling test given hy Goodyear Life-Guard Tubes on Monday, November 8, you are convinced of their safety. The danger of punctures at high speeds has been eliminated. You can now drive with a feeling of assurance against this hazard. Remember for complete safety, equip your car with Goodyear Tires and Goodyear Life-Guard Tubes.
Peter Anderson Company
Phone 4048
24 Hour Service
525 Alabama Street
kick on his ten yard line and returns to the 23. Isbell grounds Gavre’s pass. Wisconsin’s offside merits a five yard penalty. Paul cuts back through left tackle for 12 yards. Schreyer badly injured on the play is helped from the game. Paul goes around left end for a first down. Isbell leaps into the air and intercepts Schmitz’s pass on the Purdue 43. Cecil Isbell laterals to Cody Isbell who goes to the Wisconsin 42 yard line as the gun sounded ending the half. Score: Purdue 7; Wisconsin 7. Third Quarter Brock receives Malesevich’s kickoff on the nine yard line and returns it to the 29. Cecil Isbell goes through left guard and laterals to Juska for a first down on the Purdue 39. Cecil Isbell picks up three yards, but is stopped for no gain on the next play. A pass by Cecil Isbell is incomplete, but Wisconsin is penalized five yards. Isbell crashes over left guard for a first down on the Purdue 49. Another Fumble Cecil Isbell makes eight yards. Juska adds another, then gains three more for a first down on the Badger 38 yard line. Britt loses two on an end around play. On the next play Cec fumbles and Weiss recovers for Wisconsin on their 37 yard line. Wisconsin loses one yard in two plays, then Schmitz drives up to th' Badger 46. Benz punts out on Purdue’s 25. Brock loses four yards, then Cec goes over left tackle for 10 yards and adds eight more through center to give the Boilermakers a first down on their own 38 yard line. Juska picks up three yards. A short pass by Cecil Isbell is intercepted by Doyle on the Purdue 44 yard stripe. Weiss makes three yards over left guard. Schmitz’s pass is dropped by Benz. Schmitz mak^s a yard, but Purdue is penalized five yards. Schmitz goes inside right tackle for a first down on the Purdue 33.
Threat
Interference by Cody Isbell on a pass gives Wisconsin a first down on the Purdue five yard line. Schmitz loses a yard, tackled by Cecil Isbell and Juska. Humphrey stops Gavre on the line of scrimmage. Weiss plunges over center to the two yard line. On the next play Cecil Isbell throws Schmitz back on the eight yard linq and Purdue takes the ball on downs. Cecil Isbell punts to Schmitz, then rates down the field and forces him out of bounds on the Purdue 40 yard, line. Woltman stops Malesevich for no gain. Benz takes Schmitz’s pass on the 20 yard'marker to give the Badgers a first down. Schimtz picks up four yards. Malesevich drops back and is forced to throw a short pass which loses nine yards. Schmitz throws a pass which is grounded as the third quarter ends. Score: Purdue 7; Wisconsin 7. Fourth Quarter An attempted field goal by Eckl falls short. Purdue's ball on its own 20. Brock gains five yards through center. A lateral, Cecil Isbell to Frock, loses four yards. Isbell kicks to the Wisconsin 42 yard line where the ball is downed. Weiss plunges thi'ough right ^uard for two yards. A short pass from Schmitz to Benz nets five yards. Weiss makes two yards over left tackle. Wisconsin punts, the ball going out of bounds on Purdue’s 20 yard line.
Drive
Cec Isbell gains 11 yards through tackle to the 34 for a first down. Brock gains five yards on a short
Harriers Run To Cleveland^ Back Twice By B. D. Witwer Now that the cross country season has come to a close, a glance over Coach Phillips’ records for the last eight weeks reveals the fact that his nine varsity men have been expending a lot of energy and work in their training. Runs 1120 Miles Taking a team total forj all of the statistics, it is seen that the squad has run 1,120 miles, or to Cleveland, Ohio, and back twice, in the course of their training. The three men who have run the farthest are “Red” Bell, with 142 miles to his credit. Bob Fatout, who has traveled 139 miles, and Alden Knapp, with 132 miles. Energy "y Going further into the problem it IS discovered that these veritable human dynamos have put out over 700,000,000 foot pounds of energy, or enough power to lift an average automobile 46 miles up into the air, more than four times the height that the most successful stratosphere flight has been able to reach. Further perusal of the record book reveals the fact that every man lost an average of two pounds every time he ran around the course. Totaling up this loss in weight shows that 720 pounds have been lost throughout the season by nine trackmen. If they could just gather all of this lost weight together, they could make five more men out of it, or moie practical, six girls. That’s what we need. An Offer If a single man wanted to duplicate the energy expended by the cross country team, he would have to run around the three and a half mile course 320 times, and if he wished to average the same horse power, he would have to keep at it for 107 straight hours. Is anyone intei ested m the experiment ?
pass from Isbell. Isbell nets four over center. Brock carries the ball for four more yards to the 46 yard line, making a first down. Isbell gets one yard through left tackle. A pass from Isbell to Zachary is incomplete. Another pass is intercepted by Schmitz on Wisconsin’s eight yard line and he carries it to 16. Paul gains six yards around left end. A short pass to Benz is incomplete. Schmitz makes two yards on a wide end run. Fumble Again Benz punts the ball to the Purdue 38 yard line, where it is downed. A pass from Cecil Isbell to Cody Isbell is incomplete. Brock picks up seven yards through center for a first down. With the ball Wisconsin’s 45 yard line Juska runs around left end for 15 yards, but fumbles. The ball is recovered by Wisconsin on it’s own 31 yard line. With two minutes left to play, Wisconsin is penalized for too many times out. Malesevich takes the ball for six yards over center. Malesevich picks up two more. Paul goes inside left tackle for six yards. On the fourth down, Paul fa^s to gain at left guard. Purdue takes the ball on the Wisconsin 40. Pass Nets 25 A pass from Cecil Isbell to Brock is incomplete. Purdue is penalized five yards for offside. "Another incomplete pass from Isbell to Brock. Powell catches a pass for a 25 yard gain and a first down, the ball being on the Wisconsin 20 yard line. Malesevich intercepts Isbell’s pass on goal line and runs it up 18 yards as the game ends. Final score: Purdue 7; Wisconsin 7.
The Favorite Dessert of Young and Old Fairman's Ice Cream fancied up as a sundae, or served plaiM in delicious, tempting flavors. FAUMAN BROS. ICE CREAM WRST LAFAYETTE
I Is.
rnkSmm‘
I
I
I
JJ' ’ (
.7
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday, November 14, 1937
The Week's NEWS
(Continued from page 2) assembling tonioi'i o\v. All old issues, they are still in the hands of committees. Thus jobless Congress may find time to give clamoring industry early attention. Unscheduled tax legislation may get the first action.
While Mrs. Anna Hahn, convicted last ■week for ai’senic mui’der, planned new legal battles to save her life, Columbus, Ohio, penitentiai’y officials were worrying about remodeling their electric chair to fit her slight, 6 foot body.
Thursdaj, the President and the nation paid tribute to American Legionnaiies who 19 years ago laid down their aims in armistice. The Treasury department paused long enough Armistice Day to estimate that the war had already cost the United States $46,193,000,000. Labor Organized labor is still as far apart as ever. Hopes for peace between the CIO and the AF of L were destroyed Tuesday when representatives of the two organizations c.pn\d not agree on which industries each union should dominate. Early repoi’ts were later denied that the two groups succeeded in dividing sixteen major industries between themselves.
Uncle Sam’s Department of Justice announced Tuesday diminutive James Dalhover, Brady gang ti'igger man, would face trial tomorrow
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repairedl Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
The National Labor Relations Board became the target for attacks by the AF of L this week when the board ruled contracts between the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workeis and the Consolidated Edison Co. of New York were invalid. IBEW’s President Tracy stated no course was left except for all Federation unions to demand that Congress annul the Wagner Labor Act. The ruling by the board was based on Consolidated’s agreement which imposed unfairly upon its 42,000 employees. As a result of the present ruling both AF of L and its CIO rival in the plant are free to seek a contract whenever either is prepared to show it represents a majority of the workers. Naf-ionai Exploding gases ripped through a Princeton, Ind., coal mine just before midnight Friday, to kill two miners and seriously burn a third. Debris and fatal black damp glutted the shafts for three hours, preventing the escape of 34 men imprisoned deep within the tunnelings. The victims had only 15 minutes of work left before quitting time when the explosion occurred.
Wanted—-Student Washings at reasonable price. Call for and deliver. Phone 75402.
Lost—Post’s Log Log Log Decitrig slide rule. Call 35062. Reward.
Notices No Notices Accepted After 8 p.m.
Conditional Students: Examinations for the removal of conditions in ME 31 and ME 61 will be given December 4 at 1 p.m in room 301 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. Any student wishing to take this test must see me before November 27. —MESSERSMITH.
Prom and Gala Week Committees: Secure petitions at Senate office, room A 4 to 6 p. m., November 10 to 23. —ELLIOTT.
Dairymen intredoce NatienatNilkWeek Inaugurating their National Week today are the many producers, processors, and dealers in milk and milk products. From the day that milk was first pasteuriezd in 1893 to today, the history of milk has been one of progress and improvement. Daily, 130 million quarts of man’s “most nearly perfect food” are produced and distributed throughout the whole of the United States. Cows are kept on three-fourths of the farms in America and nearly 4,000,000 people are dependent upon milk for their livelihood. It was only 50 years ago that the first milk bottle was made, yet today they are among our most commonplace and most useful articles. The milk industry maintains a National Milk Week headquarters in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
FOLDERS EnVELOPES tioo
dGem. lOEB&MENC COMPANY
WAA Hockey Conference: Girls going to Chicago November 20 for conference meet in Women’s Gym at 11 a. m. Saturday. —BRADY.
Purdue Riding Club: Moonlight ride November 16 at 8 p. m. Members wishing to go sign up in Union office. —SUMMERS.
WAA Riflery: Practice November 16, Ward 4 at 6:16 p. m.; Ward 1 at 7 p. m and WRH North at 7 :46 p. m. —CHRISTENSON.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held in room A of the Union November 16 at 7 -30 p. m. —WINTER.
Chi Epsilon: Will meet in room D of the Union Building November 16 at 7 :30 p. m. —WALING. Camera Club: Meeting November 17. Speaker. Come one—come all. —SAMUELSON. CE 6 and CE 10 (Camp): Examinations for the removal of conditions will be held in CE 101 December 4 at 1 p. m. Get permits in CE 102 before December 1. —TODD.
Union Sophomores: Our committee will please report to the Music Room at 7:46 p. m. November 14. Important. —WOOD, CABONARGI.
Pafronixe The EXPONENT Advertisers
Engineer office at 4 p. m. November 16.
—ANDERSON.
ti'on by November 16.
lately.
- JACOBSON.
-MAAHS.
Gimlet Members: Dinner and meeting at Delta Tau Delta house November 16 at 6 o’clock. —BROWN.
LOST—Racine wrist watch in Union Saturday night. Reward. Call Fisher 6057.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Group picture will be taken November 17 at 1:66 in the towei room of the Union Building. A meeting will be held following the picture. —RANDALL.
Scrivener Club: Important meeting at 2 m November 14, in the Scrivener office. Entire club attendance is desired. —FELDMAN
November 14 at 9 :30 a. m.
-GREVE.
-FRUSH
Union Sophomores:
-JACOBSON.
Industrial Education Society:
dustrial education students are urged attend. —MOORE.
SPECIAL CHICKEN DINNER SUNDAY — 35c T-BONE STEAKS Our Restaurant Has Been Approved by the State Board of Health and the Student Health Service Tom’s Restaurant 301 University St.
s; • tbe Purdue Exponent
ne
"i Service Director'^
es d-
—— Bookstores —
— Furniture —
or
3n SOUTHWORTH’S
ts Id
er Everything for the Purdue Student ^
Student Equipment J-juJUfuiuJut Qo. 425 Columbia St. Phone 2728 — Beauty Studio —
“DEAC”
n
Everything for a College Education ^ H. G. REISNER
• EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • Co-ed Specials, Thurs. - Fri. KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727
I- PROFESSIONAL
^ The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK ■> DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
— Locksmith —
— Hardware —
F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths Automobile key and lock service our specialty. L. C. N. Door Closer Distributors 209-211 N. 5th St., Phone 2828
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPEEB HDW. 822 MAIN
— Florist ——
— Dine —
Moih J’hAUi Inc. 63.6 Main St. in Luna Theatre Building Phone 7955—8050
DiNE * DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENSNG U. S. 52 at Lindbergh Road