• the Purdue Exponent
SUNDAY January 16f 1938 Lafayette, Indiana VOL. 49 No. 92
ioil®rinak@rs Take Wisconsin 40-34
The Week’s NEWS
Student Group To Operate Non-Profit Book Exchange University students will operate a non-profit book exchange in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building at the start of next semester, according to an announcement yesterday by Robert Buckles, publicity director of a newlyformed organization for carrying out that purpose.
Designed to serve as a clearing house for used second semester books, the exchange will be maintained during the entire week of January 31 to February 5. No service charges will be made to students submitting books to the exchange or to its customers. Student volunteer help will make this
possible.
Students having second-hand books to sell may bring them to the Union ballroom between January 31 and February 3. The owners themselves set the prices they want for their books and leave them in the hands of the exchange. After the books are sold, these former owners may present their receipts to the cashier and receive th^ full sale price. Board Of^Goritrol Supervision of the exchange will lie with a board of control, consisting of Ward Stallings, chairman, Robert Buckles, Clark Bur(Continued on page 4)
Washington President Roosevelt named U. S. Solicitor General Stanley Reed, yesterday, as Supreme Court appointee to replace Associate Justice George Sutherland, who announced Tuesday he would retire January 18. Second Court nominee of Roosevelt, 63-year-old Reed is regarded by the Senate as a “moderate liberal,” will swing Court opinion away from the conservatives, 6-4, if approved by the upper house. Missing from the President’s annual White House reception for the judiciary Tuesday night was Supreme Court Justice Benjamin Nathan Cardozo. White House guests clustered around newly-se-lected Justice Black and Retiring Justice Sutherland. Specialists gathered at the sick bed of Justice Cardozo. Ailing from heart disease now for two weeks, the 67-year-old jurist is reported to be holding his
own.
New Deal warlords and the President heaved sighs of relief this week as the much-publicized plan to prevent an easy declaration of war was smothered in the House. Indiana's Representative Ludlow introduced the resolution last month when the Panay was sunk by Japanese bombs. A letter from the White House, read in the House prior to the voting, brought Presidential pressure to bear and swung sentiment against the measure. Said the President: “Such an amendment to the Constitution would cripple any President ii\ his conduct of our foreism relations, and it wotdd en(Canmued on page %)
Larry Downs Sees Game In Fieldhouse By Jim McKee “Section 10—^row 3—Here we are,” read L. A. “Larry” Downs from his ticket stub; and he sat down with his freshman nephew, Jim Brophy, to witness his first basketball game in Purdue's new fieldhouse, which he helped the University get. It wasn’t his first return to the campus, for Larry comes back to Purdue three or four times a year. He’s a loyal Purdue grad. Downs told happily of athletics of Purdue in the nineties. “We had no basketball here when I was in school. But we had football. We were playing where the armory now is. Back then such men as 'Stephenson, Finney, Thompson, and Studebaker were playing. “I don’t think anyone thought that Purdue- would ever have a building like this, but we knew we had one of the best football teams in the coufttry. No one could beat us.” Downs was ve^'y much pleased with the new building. “The alumni have even gone over their goal by eight per cent,” he modestly boasted. “I think we have one of the best fieldhouses in the country.”
Purdue Christian Foundation Student class will meet at 9:30 a. m. to hear Miss Clare Coolidge speak on “Christianity and Racial and Class Distinctions.” Miss Virginia Clark, the church’s missionary representative in Africa will speak at Morning Worship, 10:46 a. m. “What Can I Believe About Prayer?” is the discussion topic for the Young People’s Evening Hour which begins at 6:30 p. m. A reception for Miss Clark will be held at 7:30 p. m. , West Lafayette Baptist— ' Sunday School classes will begin at 9:30 a. m. The morning worship service will begin at 10:36 a. m. with Rev, J, B. Gleason’s sermon on “The Real Test of the Religion of Christ.” At 6:30 p. m. the Roger Williams social hour begins, and following the social hour, the usual ten cent luncheon will be served. The regular evening worship service is at 7:30.
First Methodist Episcopal— Church school will begin at 9:30 a. m.-and the worship service at 10:40 with Dr. C.D. W. Hildebrand, ^f DePauw, speaking on “Shall We Stand By the Church.” At 6 p. m. the evening supper will be served in the Wesley Foundation House, and at 6:30 the University Epworth services start. St. Johns Episcopal— Holy Communion at 8 a. m.^ corporate Communion for students, followed by breakfast in the parish house. Church school will begin at 9:30 a. m., and the morning worship service will start at 10:46 a. m. The Young Peoples Fellowship supper will be held at 6 p. m. with the program at 7 p. m. Central Presbyterian— Sabbath school will begin at 9:30 a. m. with worship services at 10:45. Rev. Wm. R. Graham will conduct the services.
Last Minute Rally Defeats Badgers In Game Climaxing Fieldhouse Dedication Purdue netmen did their part to make the fieldhouse dedication a success as they beat the Wisconsin Badgers last night, 40-34, in the most exciting game witnessed here this season. The crowd of over 8,500, which filled every available seat in the spacious fieldhouse, was kept on edge right up to the final gun as the score see-sawed back and forth, first in favor of Purdue, then Wisconsin. Wisconsin started the scoring.
when Powell sunk a free throw Young retaliated with a basket to put Purdue ahead, and Anderson tossed in two more to make the score 6-1. Wisconsin Ahead At Half After taking time out, Wisconsin set out to overhaul Purdue, and succeeded, bringing the score to 16-14 in their favor at the half. The second period was nip and tuck all the way. There was never more than three points difference in the score until the last two minutes, With the score 33-32 in favor of the Boilermakers, Young dropped in a hook shot. Sines made a free toss, and Dickinson and Yeager each scored baskets while Wisconsin was scoring two charities to bring the final score to 40-34. Badgers Accurate Passers The Wisconsin squad looked good. Their height advantage enabled them to recover the ball off the basket time after time, and their accurate passing gave the Boilermakers some anxious moments, Purdue was not quite up to standard. Their shooting was not as accurate as usual, and their fol-low-ins could have been better, but they came through in fine style when under pressure in the final minutes. High point honors were shared (Continued on page 4) florthwesfern Noses OuF Hoosiers, 32-29 Take advantage of the Exponent service—phone 5037 for the Purdue - Northwestern game score and others. Purdue’s next opponent will be Northwestern, who comes here Monday to try to keep its Conference record perfect. The Wildcats beat Indiana last night,- 32-29, overtime. In the closing seconds of play with Indiana one point abend, a Northwestern man wafii foiilctd* He sunk the free throw and forced the game into extra time, when Northwestern scored three points to win. This gives Northwestern four Big Ten victories and no defeats.
Gilkey To Preach In Fowler Hall At 10:30 For Convo Speaking on “Taking Bearings,” Dean Charles W. Gilkey, of Chicago University chapel, •will give the religious convocation lecture at 10:30 this morning in Eliza Fowler HalP. , ► Two years ago Dean Gilkey spoke at the University Baccalaureate service. Since 1919 he has been affiliated with Chicago University. That year he was made a member of the Board of Trustees. Previously he had been pastor of Hyde Park Baptist Church, Chicago. In 1926 he was made a member of the faculty as Professor of Preaching in the Divinity School. Dean Gilkey graduated from the Union Theological Seminary, New York, in 1908. Later he studied abroad in Germany, England, and Scotland. Playshop Casts Til Marry The Actress' Benton Burns and Muriel Colip will fill the principal juvenile roles in the second Playshop production of the present season, “I’ll Marry the Actress,” according to an announcement made last night by John E. Dietrich, Playshop theater manager. Fred Ahrens will collaborate with Elizabeth Abel for the principal “grown-up” roles. Bill Billings, Bert Brink, Helen Steffee, Louis Juillard, Charles Bredes, and Harry Brenman make up the remainder of the cast. Fast moving modem comedy characterizes this newest Playshop production, which was written by Morrison and Toohey. “I’ll Marry the Actress” is scheduled to open February 15 in Eliza Fowler Hall. G. D. Williams is staging the production with the technical staff under the direction of George Glover.THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
Sunday, January 16, 1938
the Purdue Exponent
Founded in 1889
Bditorial Phone 6037 CampiiB Subscriptions $3 per year
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street Lafayette, Indiana
Business Phone 6038 Mail Subscriptions $3.60 per year
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF .
. . R. P. Manion BUSINESS' MANAGER D. C. Miller
Editorial Staff
MANAGING EDITOR
J. E. Brock
ASSOCIATE EDITORS D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Sohroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R Vance
CO-ED EDITOR ASSOCIATE EDITORS
Sally McKee.
Co-ed Staff
Elizabeth Pyke Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin,
Business Staff
ASSISTANT BUSINESS MANAGER Local Advertisingr Staff LOCAL ADVERTISING MANAGER _ National Adrertisinar Staff NATIONAL ADVERTISING MANAGER Circulation Staff CIRCULATION MANAGER
Sports Staff
SPORTS EDITOR _ ASSOCIATE EDITORa
B. D. Witwer.
J. P Girard R. R. Hensler W. J. Gillilan M. C. Reeves
R. F. Obenchain
J. S. Brown, R. L McDonald,
Issue Editor—G. W. Frederick
January 16,1938
Night Editor—H. I. Stanback
The Week’s NEWS
(Continued from page 1) courage other nations to believe that they could violate American rights with impunity.”
House rebellion over the President’s economy demands melted Tuesday when the first appropriation bill of the session was passed. The bill provides funds for 39 federal agencies, cutting their allowance $118,538,000 below last year’s outlay. Foreign Financial Minister Georges Bonnet accepted President Lebrun’s difficult assignment this week to form a new French ministry. Bonnet has indicated he will select the cabinet from a group of former Erench premiers. The Chautemps cabinet collapsed Friday on account of Communistic support of industrial strikes and the Fascist in countries friendly to the French government. Mobile guardsmen are now patrolling Pans streets to stop Communist agitation among the workers. The Bank of France, in an attempt to slow up the downwaid trend of the franc, suspended all foreign trading in gold and silver until a new ministry is formed. In desperation, France asked the League of Nations to postpone Monday’s meeting.
Syrian Nationalists clashed with Druse tribesmen Thursday in Jebel Diuse (50 miles noitheast of Palestine in French Mandate Syria). One person was killed, 50 injured in the riot. The Druse people are seeking complete autonomy. Business Men back to 'work was the encouraging news Thursday. United press’ report of a nation-wide un-
employment survey indicated approximately 150,000 jobless men would-find employment in the next SIX or eight weeks. The sui vey also finds that the increase in unemployment which began last October started leveling off January 1, and that marked improvement in employment is expected in 10 to 12 of the federal reserve distiicts before April.
Two days earlier, on Tuesday, five of the nation’s leading industrialists walked out of a conference room in which President Roosevelt sat, confident that in the futuie theie would be closer coopeiation between government and business in combatting the current tiade recession. On the same day Governor Murphy of Michigan also conferied with Roosevelt, came out with an optimistic repoit. While admitting unemployment in Michigan was still one of his major problems, he
felt sure that the good business done by automobile firms in the SIX months up to November 1 would be repeated in the spring months.
Wall street held its own this week in spite of President Roosevelt’s renewed declaration of war against holding companies. Traders took more encouragement in the President’s statement that no more funds were available for the construction of municipal plants. War Japanese leaders sat down Tuesday to partake of a meal they have been cooking for the last seven months—the war in China . . . and found iLhardly digestible. Conservatism finally won out over militarism at the Tokyo Imperial conference session. Japan is going to fight only China; hence, there will be no open declaration of war. Japanese troops poured into
SHE'S M&dc&ptiv&tin^ —IN HER «GAYEST MUSICAL ROMANCE! j
'S.vSi
’ '* tu* O*
Shantung and Eiangsu pro-vinces IVIonday intent on gobbling up 90,000 square miles of Chinese land. Japanese planes bombed towns and other strategic points. Chinese forces rolled back before Nippon’s fighting machine, hastened to abandon the area befoi e they were surrounded. Japan won and lost on Monday. Tsingtao, Japanese - developed Shantung province seaport, fell to Nipponese marines and Tsining, key to China’s last line of defense also capitulated; but Japan lost 2,000 little yellow men who had gone 'to the Asiatic mainland ta “make friends with China.” Outer Mongolia seethed with excitement Thursday, when she was ordered by the Chinese central government to participate in the war at the eailiest possible moment. Simultaneously, 40,000 Soviet Russian tioops were reported enteiing Mongolia as Japanese troops took over laige areas of North China.
Rebel planes bombarded Spanish government Communication lines around Teiuel, Friday. Giving the infantry a day of rest, insurgent fliers concentrated on main highways leading into the city. Rain falling all last week turned the Guadalavia valley surrounding Teruel into a swamp, forced rebel infantry activity to halt and bogged down rebel aitillery. National Airplane disasters lead the nation’s news this week as planes crashed in Bozeman, Montana, and
Pago Pago, Samoa. Blizzard winds snowcovered the bodies of ten passengers killed in a fiery crash of a Northwest Airlines transport ship Monday in the Briiger mountains near Bozeman. Pan-American Airways missed their giant Samoan Clipper Tuesday, when it vanished mysteriously a few minutes out of Tutuila, Ameiican Samoa, Wednesday and Thursday navy ships found an oil slick on the surface of the sea, and recovered charred bits of wreckage. Authorities reconstructed the disaster as an internal explosion which occun'ed while the plane was dumping excess gasoline preparatory to landing in Pago Pago.
Housewives, in the Chicago area at least, need no longer fear their high-priced butchers. Wholesale markets since September have reduced meat prices from 9 to 50 per cent; retail butchers are now reacting with a corresponding drop in charges. Illinois Ping Pong Team Wins Round Robin Meet Ping-ponging their way through thiee hours of table tennis, five players fiom the University of Illinois outpaddled a group of University students by a wide margin m a lound robin tournament held in the table tennis room. Fair and Gardner wound up with the best record for the University set. A return match -with Illinois IS planned for some time in the near future. *
aatHfomahl V
I I • AND H Hisses
I RlVIl'f I lATItTi
iJWJJtWJ** lAHR JOAN DAVIS
—Extra— Pete Smith Specialty
Novelty Act
Movietone
News
STARTS TODAY
U3UA\ STARTS TODAYSiyidoy, January 16, 1938
nnm^
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
thietes Perform For Fieldhouse Visitors
Wrestlers W/i-VA Illinois Normal handed the Boilermaker wrestlers an 18% to 7% setback in the match held as part of the fieldnouse dedication program yesteiudy. Timms and Willey gained the only decisions for Purdue, for six of the points, while Juska, varsity football man, wrestled to a draw with Lesnick of Normal for the other point and a half. The only fall of the day went to Redden of Illinois over Linderman in the 145 pound division. Hoffman Defeated Hoffman, 156 pound Purdue man, lost his first match of the year when he was decisioned by Olson in a bout that the spectators thought should have gone the other way.
Swordsmen Nose Out Irish In Close Meet Inspired, perhaps, by their new quarters in the fieldhouse, the Purdue fencing team shaded the Notre Dame squad, 16-12, yesterday in an unusually lon^ meet. Art Levin, junior epee man, was the outstanding fencer on the Boilermaker squad, and by virtue of his three decisive wins, Purdue was given the slight margin of victory. Dedication crowds were given an added treat for ten extra matches ivere added to the customary seventeen, taking a total of 3 % hours to complete the meet.
Other Scores
Northwestern, 32; Indiana, 29 Ohio State, 48; Iowa, 29 Illinois, 51; Chicago, 34 Michigan, 31; Minnesota, 16 Notre Dame, 47; Kentucky 37
Capacity Crowd Sees Title Bouts starting off a bit slow in the first two bouts the University championship boxing show yesterday afternoon in the fieldhouse warmed up in the third fight, between Murphy and Hardesty. The Intramural gym was jammed to the exits for the fights. “Red” Hardesty, Golden Glove champ of last year was decisioned by Murphy in a fast, close bout in the 126 pound class. Wilkinson Wins In the opening 112 pound bout Wilkinson had it his way throughout the fight over Armenoff. Markey and Franklin waltzed through a slow 'contest in the 118 pound class, with Franklin gettm'g the nod. Dix was given the decision in an even fight in the 135 pound division, with Lord winning all the way over Keffaber in the 147 pound class. Bacharach, another Golden Gloves winner from last year, had an easy time with Smithson in the 160 pound weight. Decision Booed The decision of Lyles over Dilts was greeted with boos by the audience, but a fast finish gave him the nod in the 175 pound class. Ramputi took the decision over Badet in the heavy division.
Squashmen Win Double Header Winning eight matches out of nine, the University squash team triumphed in two meets at the varsity courts yesterday afternoon with the University of Illinois and the Dayton YMCA. Against the University of Illinois Blakefield, Eberhard, Jackson, and Blitz took the honors as the Illini team was whitewashed, 4-0. Shofford defeated Juve in the only match the Dayton YMCA won over the University squad. Captain Lucek, Sokolowski, and Linn won their matches 3-0, while Jackson defeated his Ohio opponent 3-1, giving the Boilermakers a 4-1 decision in this meet.
Favored Illinois, 3-2 Purdue’s badminton team won its portion of matches yesterday afternoon in the fieldhouse by defeating the highly favored Illinois squad, 3 to 2. Three singles and two doubles were played. Of the three singles Purduj won one. Romanoivich (P) defeated Skov (111), while Hill (111) won over Goldstein (P) in a close game. The last single was won by Koracic (111) over Mann (P). Both aoubles matches were won by Purdue. The Gold and Black
132 Vine St. W. Lafayette
641 Main St. Lafayette
10% DISCOUNT On all laundry brought in and called for at our West Lafayette office. We also do dry cleaning, shoe repairing and hat cleaning. One day service if desired. AMERICAN LAUNDRY
Varsity Victors In Aquatic Meet Purdue’s varsity swimmers defeated the freshman squad in the opening swimming meet of the season in the new pool in the fieldhouse, yesterday afternoon, 57-26. The freshmen gained a six to three lead in the 300 medley relay as the opening event. The varsity went ahead in the 220 free style, taking first and second places for eight points to one for the frosh. After the second event the varsity were never headed, losing on only one occasion, when Krick finished the 200 yard break stroke in 2:49.8 to win for the freshmen.
ig Ten
0 1.000 0 1.000
Northwestern Michigan PURDUE Illinois Indiana Wisconsin Iowa Ohio State Minnesota Chicago
.667 .500 .500 .500 .333 .333 .000 .000
number one pair, Billings and Romanoivich, defeated Hill and Skov of Illinois, while the second team of Snyder and Williams defeated Kovacic and Curtis of Illinois.
ARC
TODAY & MONDAY
■“fllso— ‘Mickey Mouse’^ CartoonSunday Exponent Appears As Tabloid
Today the Exponent ap-. pears for the first time in a new Sunday tabloid size. Each Sunday the Exponent will appear in this new form, containing such special features as the “Collegiate Digest," the “Week’s News,” week-end sports news, and news of the
churches.
WS6A To Entertain Faculty At Tea Today
Members of the WSGA executive board and of the student-fac-ulty relations committee will pour and assist at a faculty tea this afternoon from 4 to 6 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. About 100 members of the Science and Home Economics faculties and their wives have been invited by Peggy Hamilton and her committee. This tea is an effort not only to improve student faculty relations but also to give students a chance to relax before finals and meet their instructors
socially.
Crowd Of 8,500 Sees Fieidhouse Opeiing
Eighty-five hundred persons crammed the gymnasium of the new fieidhouse last night to witness the formal dedication of the latest addition to the University’s athletic plant. The ceremony was preceded by a short concert by the University's “All-American” Band with Paul S. Erick directing. As the band played the “Star Spangled Banner,” three junipr cadet officers brought the American Flag on to the darkened platform in a blaze of spotlights. E. B. Baugh, ’23, executive secretary of the Alumni Association, then introduced the master of ceremonies, Lawrence A. Downs, ’94. Downs gave a short talk, praising the work of those who had made the new fieidhouse possible, and then proceeded to introduce the members of the various committees. After several dedicatory talks, the platform was again darkened, and the band struck up the strains of “Hail Purdue,” the University ROTC Corps as the audience sang the loyalty song.
Indiana Weather
Forecast f6r the State: Cloudy, unsettled, and warmer this afternoon or tonight. Monday rain in the south portions, turning to snow. Somewhat warmer in north. Local Temperatures: Low, 29 (at 6:41 a. m. yesterday); high, 33 (at 2:30 p. m. yesterday); mean, 32.
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
Sunday. January 16. 1938
Boilermakers Win (Continued from page 1)
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
ROOM AND BOARD —Available for men students February 1 at 209 Vine street. Phone 3210.
WANTED — A roommate next semester by a co-ed. 443 Wood street. Phone 46501.
WANTED — Thesis typing. Telephone 25044.
ROOM FOR RENT—For second semester. Phone 2085.
STUDENT LAUNDRY—Phone 75402. By experienced hand, flat ironer. Call for prices. Shirts 10c.
. FOR RENT—One place in nice double room. Board for two extras, 317 Chauncey.
Wesley Foundation: Morning watch service, January 18 at 7:30 a, m. Katherine Shearer, leader. —PARSONS.
WAA Volleyball: Game Jan. 17 at 4 g. m. Chi Omega vs. Ward 2. —RODERICK.
Scabbard and Blade: New initiates get keys and service bars from me at the Beta Sigma Psi house by January 20. —MAAHS.
Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting postponed until February 8. —"MOORE.
by “Hod” Powell of Wisconsin and Jewell Young, each tallying 14 points. Rooney, Badger forward, was second with 11 and Gene Anderson racked up 10 for third. The complete box score follows: Wisconsin (34) B F P Powell, f 5 4-2 Rooney, f 4 3 2 Jones, c 2 11 Davis, g 2 0 1 Frey, g 0 0 4 Mitchell, g 0 ' 0 1
Totals 13 8 11 Purdue (40) B F P Sines, f 15 3 Young, f 6 2 0 Anderson, c 5 0 3 Dickinson, g 112 Yeager, g 3 0 0 Beretta, g 0 0 1
Totals 16 8 9
Book Exchange
(Continued from page 1) ton, and Dan Rohyans. Stallings will also serve as chairman of the exchange and have as assistants: Buckles, publicity director; Burton, dii'ector of records; Ted Cabonargi, personnel director; Sully Mason, assistant publicity director; and D. A. Samuelson, equipment director. One hundred posters advertising exchange were being printed, and would be placed in all campus buildings, fraternities,.sororities, residence halls, and large rooming houses by Monday evenihg. Buckles said.
-
• Purdue Exponent
Service
Directory
— Bookstores —
— Printing —
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue
Student
nRINTING OiFica Stationery . . □ n Wedding Invltatlonf ■ Sales Book*, Etc.... PHONE 2 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408 FERRY
"DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
— Florist —
^th J'lifd&Jt Inc. 635 J^Iain St. in Luna Theatre Buildingr Phone 7955—8050
—■ Hardware —
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J.SPERBHDW. 822 MAIN
— Locksmith — - F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths Automobile key and lock service our specialty. L. C. N. Door Closer Distributors 208-211 N. 5th SL, Phone 2828
— Beauty Studio ——
• EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • Co-ed Special, Thurs. - Fri. KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727 '
— Dine —- DINE DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING 11. S. 52 af Lindbergh Road
The Brightest Star of the New Year Is in Your Health
Milk—fresh and pure—served at every meal will be your assurance of good health. You can depend on Sunshine for pure and wholesome milk.
SUNSHINE FARMS
FOURTH STREET AT UNION
PHONE 5015