'i ''I::'--..- -.'vi;;'; .i.-. ,,.r. ‘>;., ■ ■■j „,
’ , c;'^ •" f-sHV!'-, ■'
I ■/
r ' i •'
\ J
Notre Dame 13
Navy 7
Armistice Program To Honor War Dead In Union Tomorrow Military Organizations Will Fire 21-Gun Salute At 11 a. m. tomorrow, in observance of Armistice Day, the Purdue Order of Military
Merit and Scabbard and Blade, "" " honorary military fraternity, Volume 52, No. 54 will fire a 21-gun saluate in .
Columbia 7 Wistionsin 6
Indiana 20 Michigan State 0
Nebraska 14 Iowa 6
Minnesota 7 Michigan 6
Northwesleni 32 Illinois 14
jOw/y Sflte^ /
West Loiayette. Indiana
Sunday, November 10, 1940
front of the Library. As is traditional, students, faculty mehibers, and University employes will cease activities and stand in silence until after the blowing of taps, following the salute. Students attending 11 o’clock classes will then return to normal, classroom procedure. Those students and faculty members who have no 11 olclock classes are invited to attend the ^hort program in th^ great hall of the Union immediately following the blowing of taps. At that time a wreath will be placed on the bronze tablet bearing the names of the 64 University men who died in the World War. Honor Roll A. B. Clarke, president of the Student Union, will then read the honor roll of University war dead. Following this there will be a short address by Prof. Frank C. Hockemia, assistant to the president. The program Will be closed on the sounding of recall by the bugler. Those wishing to attend the Union program are requested to be inside the building by 10:55 a. m. The doors will be closed at 10:58 a. m. All those in the Union building are requested to remain silent during the entire program. Vehicles To Stop All vehicles on the campus are requested to cease opei’ation during the salute and the blowing of taps. Guards will be stationed at all entrances to the campus to prevent cars from entering or leaving during the outdoor portion of the ceremony. The entire program, lasting about 15 to 20 minutes, will be broadcast over WBAA. b.v.d. Rev. Fulton J. Sheen To Address Religious Convo Next Sunday The Right Reverend Fulton J. Sheen will address the November religious convocation next Sunday morning, November 17, in the University Hall of Music. The subject of his address will be “War and Gold’s Judgment.” The Reverend Mr. Sheen, who comes from the Catrolic University of America at Washington, D. C., is well-known as an author, educator, radio speaker and priest, as well as a very capable and forceful speaker. This will be the third time that he has spoken on the campus. The enlarged University Choir, directed by Albert P. Stewart, will participate in the program next Sunday with several selections appropriate for the religious services.
Overpower Riveters, 13-7
Stymie Boilermaker Last Period Rally For Victory
All-Campus Musical Pi'odudion Tickets Go On Sale in Union Tickets for the performance of “Everything But Onions,” all-cam-pus musical show to be presented from the Music Hall stage on the night of November 21 at 8 o’clock, are on sale at the west desk of the ' Union for 10 cents. With script and musical scores completed and well on the way to final form, the show has received praise from all quarters and is well rated with the famous eastern school campus productions of Princeton and Pennsylvania. Stage sets and lighting plans are also complete. Recommendations Director of the well-known Wa Nu show of Northwestern has recommended the production and Dick Jurgens and Lou Breese have commended the music. One number, “Blue Lights,” is being arranged for public presentation by Harry Jones. Entire show, score and .script, is the work of University students. The dancing choruses, including waltzes, can-cans and a number of surprise novelty numbers, are made up entirely of campus talent, the best of which has been used.
Co-ed Beauties Troutman Addresses Meet Monday Closing Country Life For Judgment Association Session
Campus beauties, 173 in number, will compete tomorrow night for a place among the 50 co-eds who will be judged next Saturday night by Earl Carroll in the finals of the Debris beauty contest. This preliminary elimination contest will take place in the north ballroom of the Union between 7 and 9 o’clock. Co-ed contestants will wear street dresses, but need not wear the outfit they intend to wear the night of the finals, should they be chosen. Judges for the preliminaries are C. B. Hinea of the Hinea Photography Studios, Marian Willoughby, clothing and textiles instructor in the school of Home Economics, and J. E. Dietrich, of the speech department. The preliminary judging will be strictly a closed aifair with r\o one but the judges and contestants attending. b.v.d. An Innovation ... of announcing the scores of outstanding football games between selections was introduced yesterday afternoon at the PIA tea dance.
Co-ed Style Show Opens This Afternoon; Hort Show Attendance Approaches 8,000 The University’s twenty-fifth annual Horticultural Show, which opened on south campus Friday and will continue through today, yesterday drew increased interest from the nearly 8,000 attendants when contest prize winners, and details of the co-ed style show this afternoon were announced. ,
The style show this afternoon ' from 1 to 5 o’clock in the Horticulture Building, will present some of the University’_s most attractive coeds displaying flowers .for personal adornment. The models will appear in suits, date dresses and formals, wearing a variety of flower arrangements ranging from leis to floral
epaulettes.
Pour of the nine co-eds to appear have been former Debris beauty queens, Jane Haltom, Peggy Davis, Francis Lloyd and Ruth Bennett. Other models are Bertha Cole, Glor-
Co-education Finds New Outlet! Pi Phis, PiK AsSwap*Touches"
By Peg Howard STARTING LINE-UP: Pi Beta Phi Pi K A Crown Left End" Loomis Black Left Tackle .... Sharpies Bachelder Center Duncan or Chanel Robinson .... Right End .... Schmitt Creel Right Tackle Jones ^ Prankenbeury % Back Martin Blake % Back Neate or Pavey , Howard Draw Back Siener Bollman Way Back Sharp^ The University’s first “co-educa-tional” touchball game will get un- *** der way this afternoon at 3 o’clock, when the Pi K A (never won a game) football team meets Pi Beta Phi (never played a game) barnyard gang on the freshmen practice field (Stuart Field). Many sports ^ writers favor the Pi Phi’s in this decisive battle, while others, going
on the maxim that “experience counts,” favor the Pi KA’s (or viceversa). The Pi Phi’s are depending on the strength of their “line,” led by Bachelder and Robinson, and on the speed of their backfield to bring them through with flying colors. Coach Blake in a press interview last night seemed very confident of victory. ' Prom the Pi K A camp, where the boys have been living on a diet of spinach and beefsteak. Coach Sharpies issued the follovdng statement, late last night, “We are expecting to sweep the Pi Phi’s off their feet as usual!” H. Kenn Carmichael, of the University speech department, will blow the whistle at the game, while the first spectator' arriving will be head linesman. Come early and bring your own camp stools!
ia Pox, Trene Torrenga, Gail Hennis and Elaine Danner. Models will appear in groups of thfee at ten minute intervals during the after-
noon.
Many Entries
Entries in the show were the
largest number in its twenty-fiye year history. Awards were given to commercial growers, 4-H Clubs and
high schools. ' In the student’s class G. R. Boyd
was declared a sweepstakes winner. In the student flower class George Wolfe was given first place for his vase arrangement of chrysanthemums. Henry Resner and F’^ank Driesbach came in second and third.
Carolyn Britton’s wedgies filled
with flowers won her first prize in the table centerpieces, followed by Warren Vaughan and Driesbach. Maxine Runkle won the seed iden-
The twenty-fifth annual Horticulture Show will be open to students, faculty, townspeople and the esti-' mated 8,000 visitors to, the show from 1 to 5 o’clock this -afternoon. This will be the closing session of the show.
' tification contest by naming correctly 48 of the 60 varieties. Soybean Display ^ R. V. Shaw received first prize for his special exhibit bn vegetable soybeans. L. Q. Boyd’s display of light effect on the growth of plants was judged second. ' The other special exhibits and their awards are C. M. Shull on cross breeding of apples, third; R. L. Young on soilless culture, fotirth; (Continued on page 4)
“The time has come for someone to speak loudly about an old, old thing.” With this statement Prof. William Troutman of the Kansas State College speech department last night started the beginning of the end of the convention of the American Country Life Association which has been in progress on campus since Wednesday. Convention Closes Professor Troutman’s address, “Proudly We Hail,” came immediately after the closing banquet of the convention which was held at 6 o’clock last night in the Union north ballroom. Last scheduled event of the entire program was “Community Night” which started at 8 o’clock last night in the north ballroom. With the close of the 4-day meeting last night the many delegates and attendants started to wend their way to their homes in almost thirtyfive states throughout the nation. Downfall Of France Professor Troutman changed his subject from one previously scheduled to the one of patriotism. He started his sppech with a word picture of his visit to Prance last summer in which he told of the great past that was f’rance. Then, he switched to the present day in Prance and told what the French youth had done with their great and glorious past. ‘^They were so busy hating and fearing other Frenchmen that they had no time to think about a real invasion. The youtK^qf the country were cynical and. had confused their sense bf real values with mere physical desires.” ' Changing World “The world today is going through a transition period, just as it has in the past. A world divided against itself, as the world is today, canhot stand. However, as in the past, a better world is to be the outcome.” The speaker then advised the youth of this nation not to do as the French youth had done nor to do as several groups in this country have done. He said, “Disregard the bitter election which you have just gone through. Do not let it split the youth as it has split many other factions and persons. Believe in your country and the things for which it stands, truly and sincerely, not shallowly and mockingly, and work toward that goal.” Professor Troutman closed his address, and, effectively, the convention with the statement that the United States is going through trying times, and it will be the young people of the country who will decide the issue in the end. c.a.s. 30 Dance Enthusiasts View Graff Baiiet in Indianapoiis Thirty members of the Modern Dance Club and the dancing fundamentals class of the women’s physical education department will leave tomorrow evening at 6 o’clock by chartered bus to Indianapolis’ to see the Graff Ballet of Chicago, which is now playing at Circle Theatre. Graff, coach of the ballet, comes from a modern dance group in Germany where he was well known as a ballet master and gained quite a reputation. \
Tommy Melton
It
and
fumble that provided the
was Melton’s jarring tackle recovery of the consequent
Boiler-
makers with a final-minute threat in yesterday’s game with Fordham. Brandt And Smalley Most 'Eligible Joes/ Gold Diggers Ballot Ballots cast by all co-eds who attended the Gold Diggers Ball Friday night elected Chuck Brandt, Phi Gamma Delta junior, and Jack Smalley, Sigma Alpha Epsilon senior, the two most eligible bachelors on the campus. Chuck received a copy of Marjorie Hillis’ famed “Live Alone and Like If” for first prize, and Jack was awarded a red ribbon bearing the number “2” as second prize. For “digging” up the best corsage for her date Nan Zachery was awarded a shovel. Her date’s corsage consisted of a pan, a shovel, and money. Prizes were awarded by Alice Newton, chairman of the dance. j.f.a. Children'sConcert Tickets Now On Sale Tickets are now on sale at the office of the music department for 26 cents to all University students and 60 cents to all adults for the concert to be given by the children’s division of the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra Tuesday afternoon, November 19. This concert will precede the scheduled evening convocation by the symphony orchestra. Music selected for the afternoon , program is' somewhat lighter than that on the evening program and will include several numbers sung by the entire audience. j.f.a. CO-EDS EXCUSED All women students will be excused from any classes' which they miss because of attendance at the sessions of the 'Vocational Conference on 'Wednesday, November 13. Attendance will be checked at each session. Martin L. Fisher. Dean of Men. ‘
NEW YORK CITY, N. Y., Nov. 9—(Special to the Purdue Exponent) — Strength and power along with deception emerged the victor over speed and intestinal fortitude in the Polo Grounds here at New York City today as a veritable battering Ram Fordham eleven amassed a 13-point lead and defended it successfully against the desperate attempts of a fighting Boilermaker contingent to cop the intersectional tilt by a lone touchdown margin, 13-7. Potent Line The Boilermaker line and secondary fought doggedly against the brunt of the onrushing Fordham onslaught, letting the Rams into the losers 20-yard zone only twice during the entire sixty minutes of the battle. During most of the game the tide of the battle was decided by the kicking toes of the two teams, with both relying on their punting power as their best defense. The Boilermaker punters were in excellent fettle for the battle, with Petty and Galvin sharing the kickr ing duties. This pair averaged the exiremely good punting average^ of 47 yards per try, with several of their punts going out of bounds on .the Ram two yard marker. Fordham backs Blumenstock ank Eshmont handled the winner^ punting with an average of slightly less than 40 yards per attempt. No Punt Return Defense This apparent advantage of the Boiliermakers was coimteracted or even overshadowed, however, by their apparent inefficiency at stopping the return of punts. Time and again Petty and Galvin kicked far out of danger only to have the ball run back sometimes nearly half of the distance of the punt. Individual stars of the day are hard to single out, especially from the Riveter line-up. The entire team displayed fine teamwork throughout the game, blocking excellently on offense, and tackling hard on defense. Blumenstock and Eshmont were outstanding in the Fordham backfield, with right tackle Joe Ungerer, an All-American candidate, playing one of the finest defensive games of his career. The Fordham offense was one of the trickiest with which the Riveters have ever met. Mixing terrific line plays with a variety of laterals and trick formations, the Ram offense appeared several times' to be on the run for another tally. However, a number of sterling defensive plays by linemen Melton, Miller, Timperman, Neff and others along with fine secondary co-operation stymied the Ram attacks. Many Subs See Action Coach Elward substituted frequently throughout the game, using 12 shock troopers to aid the Boilermaker attack. Timperman, Snyder, Neff, Anderson and Melton were injured slightly by the brunt of the attack, and were forced to remain out of the lineup for long periods of the game. Besides the briUiant defensive work of Dennery and Ungerer, the most serious hindrance to the Boilermaker offensive proved to be the lack of protection for the passers. At several points in Hue engagement when the speedy Riveter atttwik (Continued on page 4)^1
PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday, November 10, 1940
5*’’ Cotimm
Headlines tell us that Adolph’s favorite beer stube in Munich blew up almost in his face again day before yesterday. They blame it all on the RAF. But we don’t know. The same thing used to happen in Grandpa’s basement. , Sounds like home brew. * * ♦ And here’s something that not even Hitler can take credit for. Scientists report that average sea level throughout the world has risen four inches in the last ten years. Maybe the fish are going to take things over. But anyway. Women and children first. * * ii" It seems to us that the Romans fought 'Greece once before. Way back when Caesar was still just a delivery boy for the grocer on the corner and the acropolis was the coney island of Athens. And won. But now they’re having a little trouble. Maybe the Greeks have been reading up on this war business. * * * Which is getting close to home. Just the other day, a troop and supply convoy was attacked by a pocket battleship about halfway between here and where they were going. Which is a military secret. It’s still a thousand miles away, but they might want to attack from behind some day. By way of the Hudson river. * * * We hear that some of the No. 158 boys in San Fran-
The. Purdue Exponent Entered u aectmd clue matter at the npat offlM ia Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of ConKrees of March 8, 1879, and at the apecial rate of postaee proTided for In section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January tO, 1922. Published daily except Monday durine the resular academic year and weekly duringr the Summer Session. Delivered locally hr carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Editor-In-Chief *. W. Denahue Business Manacer Jlerle Hacemeyer Publication Staff News Editor J. H. McKee ManaKing: Edltor__ „„ .D. K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, Ij. W. Buffner, B. M. Skallerup, J. L. Trausott. Business Staff Local Advertisinc ManaKcrs: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Mianasrer, C. E. Danelemajer; Acopunts Manaeer, B. J.,Shadford; Circulation Manaxer, B. M. Recktenwald, Co-ed Staff Editor . Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor. _ „ . _ . J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 ' Represented for national advertisingr by National Advertislngr Service, Inc., Collese Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New Yorki N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Purcell Issue Editor: Nordlinger Day Editor: Siess Night Sports Ed.: Johnson Sophomore Staff: C. A. Stoeckel, J. F Amos, R Van Deusen, A. H. Hunter, Margaret Fuller, Peg Howard, Alice Chatfield, O T. Clark and R T Keeler
Passports
. .. will admit any student to the Union tea dance tomorrow from 4 to 6:45 p. m. in the north ballroom of the Union, Recordings will furnish the music for the dancing, c.a.s.
Notices
No notices received after 8 p. m. All Male Students: Those desiring to fire on the 5th novice pistol group may sign up now in the supply room of the armory. This group will start firing November 18. —BROWN.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, November 12, in room 134, EE Building. Use north door. Lecture and demonstration on “Control of Television Station W9XG” by R, Stone. —FREED.
Camera Club: All darkrooms will be in complete order for continuous use as soon as equipment which has been on order for two weeks arrives in Student Union office. Final locker assignments cannot be made until rooms are completely ready. —ARCHIBALD.
PIA Dance Classes: Those who have not paid for their dance tickets please do so before the next lesson. —HUMPHREY.
AIChE Members: The Debris picture will be taken Tuesday, November 12, at 7:46 p. m. in the south ballroom of the Union. Please wear suits and be prompt. —MASSEY.
CISCO have formed a club. To have banquets and toast things. Maybe someday.-after Hitler or Father Time gets a few of them they’ll meet again. And then pretty soon there’ll be only one left. It always happens that way. And Metro will make a movie and gross a million. —r.m.s. '
ASCE: Pictures will be tphen in the south ballroom of the Union Tuesday, November 12, at 8:16 p. m. Wear suits—no sweaters. —McCAMMON.
All Senior Men: November 14 is the last day for senior health examinations. Make appointments immediately if you expect full recommendation to employers visiting the campus. —DAVID L. ARM.
Feldt Urges Co-eds Weaving Exhibition Engineering Ideal
Delta Rho Kappa: Debris pictures to be taken Wednesday, November 18, at 7 p m. in the south ballroom of the Union. One piece dresses and suits will be worn. Be prompt —OSWALT. AIEE Officers: Special important meeting Monday at 4 p. m. —WISE.
To Attend Meetings On Campus Tuesday "It is our belief that this conference will not only be of interest to the women students, but that it will provide an insight into the relationship between university preparation and vocational success. We are planning a definite tie-up between the material presented and the Purdue curriculum, which should vivify the students’ interest in their class work,” stated Miss Irene Feldt, director of the University Placement Service for Women, in urging women students to attend the vocational conference opening on campus Tuesday night and continuing through Wednesday. Opening Session “Feminine Futures,” the theme of the 1940 conference, will be carried out in the opening general session for all women students Tuesday night at 7:30 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall. Miss Sarah G. Blanding, dean of women, will speak on “Today’s Challenge to You.” The University Concert Choir will present a short program. After the meeting an informal reception in the foyer of Eliza Fowler Hall will provide an opportunity for women students to meet Miss Blinding. Women’s Work The conference will continue Wednesday with meetings concerning all phases of home economics, designing, personnel work, retailing, science, women’s part in national defense, business and industry, department store buying, dietetics, teaching, volunteer service, advertising, photography and recreational work. Successful women graduates of the University have been invited to speak. The conference is being sponsored by WSGA in co-operation with the placement service. Women will be excused from classes Wednesday to attend the meetings, a.c.
On Display In Union “Home Weaving—^Revival Of An Old Art” is an exhibit of particular interest to students from rural areas and to all Home Economics students now on display in room 84 of the Union basement. According to Bob Parks, director of the Puttering Shop and in charge of the exhibit, “The purpose of the display is to stimulate interest in a fundamental culture which in our own countiy has been allowed to
die.”
The exhibit will be open until November 15. e.w.n. Westminster . . . Girls Club of the University Presbyterian Church will hold its monthly supper meeting on Tuesday evening, November 12, at 5:30 o’clock in the lounge of the University Church. Following the supper a program will be presented. Virginia Kellar is president of the organization, v.s.
... of service to mankind is developed in Prof. W. E. Howland’s four-page illustrated article entitled “The Concepts of Engineering —A Development of the Eighteenth Century” which was published in the November issue of Civil Engineering, professional magazine. Professor Howland is a faculty member of the School of Civil Engineering. c.a.s.
AIEE Members: Debris pictures will be taken Tuesday, November 12, at 8 p. m Be prompt. Wear suits, no coats or sweaters permitted. —WISE. Forestry Club: Debris pictures Tuesday. Wear a suit and be prompt. South ballroom at 8:30 p. m. —MILLER.
Cosmopolitan Club: Debris pictures will be taken Tuesday, November 12, 7 p. m., south ballroom. —CORTISSOZ.
WAA Council Members: Debris pictures will be taken Tuesday, Nov, 12, 8:46 p. m. in the ballroom of the Union. Wear one piece dresses and hose. —WESTOVER.
Reamers: Meeting Monday, November 11, at 7 .16 fh room 307 of the Union Pledges report at 7:4B —BOHLIN.
ARC
-TODAY -TOMORROW-
DEAD END KIDS IITTIE TOUGH GUYS;
NAN GREY
—ALSO — WALT DISNEY CARTOON
LUMA TODAY-MON.—2 HITS irs ONE LONG, LOUD
with FRANK EDMUND McHUGH-LOWE
2ND FEATURE ... Crime seems the only way out ..till a twofisted cop lights hts way into their hearts I
COMENTS tell the story It looks “New”. Colors are bright. It feels “New”.
Phone 308S
American
Sanitoning of your Wardrobe will put you
in the Hi-light!
/4 \4
Maybe Funnier Pictures will be made some day . . . but until then this one will have to do!
A FIRST RUN HIT NOW SHOWING
Eta Kappa Nn: Informal initiation Tuesday, Novemter 12, at 7:80^p. m. In reading room of EE clothing.
building. Wear appropriate HOLCOMB.
all members should get their membership cards and emblems at Professor Cbpe’s office. The office is open between 9 and 10 a. m. —COOlEY.
SAA Officers: Debris pictures will be taken Tuesday evening at 10:80 p. m. in the south ballroom of the Union. Please be prompt and wear suits. —^RANEY. Scriveners: There will be a meetitig Sunday, November 10, at 7:80 p. m. in room 261 of the Union. To remain eligible, members must be present. Bring manuscripts. —^KIEGLE.
Exponent Co-ed Sophomores: Report for work on co-ed edition at 4 p. m. Monday, November 11 —SIMPSON.
Alpha Zeta: Formal initiation will be held Wednesday, November 18, at 7:80 p. m. in room 808 of the Union. Alumni, honorary and associate members are urged to attend. —PAYNE.
Military Ball Committee: Meeting In South ballroom. Union, at 4 p. m. Monday, November II. Bring sabers for Grand March. —AULL.
Music Room Committee: Important meeting Monday, November 11, for K. Bertsch, Custer, Pox, Carr, Ghana, Keeler, Lanius, Luhn, Meguiar, O’Connell, Rah, Ruggles, Simpson, Trudgen and Lyman. -FELLOWS, CARPENTER.
Omicron Nn Pledges and Actives: Debris pictures will be taken in south ballroom Tuesday, November 12, at 7 p. m. Do not wear'saddle shoes or skirts and sweaters. —OSBORN.
Kappa Delta PI: Debris picture will be taken in the south ballroom Tuesday, November 12, at 9:66 p. m. Wear one piece Iresses and suits. —NORQUEST.
Sophomoife Forensic Managers: Special meeting Monday, November 11, at 4 p. m. in room 808, University hall —PECHIN.
Xi Sigma Pi Actives and Pieces: Debris picture will be taken at 11 p. m. next Tuesday evening, November 12, in the south ballroom of the Union. Please wear suits. —KELSEY.
Skull and Crescent: Debris pictures will be taken on Tuesday, November 12, at 10 20 p. m. Coat and tie required. This time it’s real. —LANIUS.
Classified, Ads I FOR SALE Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. 82.60 all night. Phone, 2407.
AIEE: There will be a meeting Wednesday, November 18, at 7,30 p. m. in room 254 of the EE Building Dr. Hobson will speak on power system stability, —WISE
Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
PIA Dance Class: Monday, November 11, at 7 ‘30 p. m the third class will be held in the north ballroom Please be prompt. -HUMPHREY
For Rent: Beautiful Four Room apt, available Dec. 1. Steam Heat. Adults preferred. Phone, 4928.
PIA Board: Regular meeting Monday, November 11, at 4 30 p m in the PIA office. —MUSSER.
Lost: Grey kitten, Persian. Last seen on campus. Reward. Ruth and Hinks, 3286.
Union Workers; Meeting of the Bum Room committee on Tuesday, November 12, at 4 '16 p m This cancels the meeting scheduled for November 11 Please be prompt —WOLFF
Lost: Slide rule, fiame on case. Reward. Call 2936, Hert Van Brunt.
Vocational Conference Discussion Group Leaders: Sometime Monday, November 11, please stop at the Placement Service for Women for final instructions —CARROLL
300 tickets $1; 1000 for $2 , other printing at painless prices Kane’s Print Shop, 401 S 29th. Phone 6206.
Mrs.
Room and board for two students Dray, 40 W. Salisbury. 2670.
Hillel Foundation: Scavenger hunt Sunday, November 10, at 4 16 p m Gather at Tau Epsilon Phi Fraternity Eats, short meeting at 6 p, m, —KATZENBERG
Lost: Tan polo coat and tan hat, size 7%. Initials J W A from third floor Recitation Bldg. Phone 6433.
Wanted: Roommate for EE senior in house with first class board Phone 68014.
ASME: Before Satuiday, November 16,
Lost: Thursday morning, 2 strand pearl necklace, near Deac’s Phone 2314. Reward.
DURBIN
f/t-.
Robert CUMMINGS MisdnAUER
Starts TODAY MiWMrra
DOROTHY ROBERT PRESTON LAMOUR • PRESTON • FOSTER Moon om URMA aiL
Starts TODAY
If ‘
'bi-
ll'FT \l 4 ¥ M
'! ’ ;/
;: ?
f." *’ ,A‘"',, ;’.'/ )^t-‘: * It ?r '•■
£xpojnmt S/^b^ fijogfe
Sundcty# November 10, 1940
» •
An
Hoosiers, Bulldogs Win Distance Meets
llleions
By Joseph Patrick Dolan
Oh well, we’ve lost again, and the only trouble this time is that I can’t find an alibi to stand upon. Oh, I suppose I could pick out something to stand on, but what’s the use when there’s a touchdown difference, and especially when one didn’t see the game and had to listen to listless telegraphic radio reports. -I-I— We’ll admit that WBAA’s stgff fail to get excited or to put any life in their radio re-plays, but we should be darn satisfied with getting to hear the outcome ".of the plays. It’s a bit difficult to transplant plays occurring some 800 miles away, and more difficult when the plays are of the Fordham triple lateral variety. Sometimes the listeners fail to know the position of the ball, but if they think they’re in a quandery they should see Mai Eoss and Ernie Morehouse trying to decipher the telegrapher’s hieroglyph-
ics. Boy, the old Egyptians were pikers in puzzle manufacturing. —I-I— I guess Tom Melton played his improving game at guard as did the unmovable Bill Neff who played another obdurate game at tackle. Laddies, when the opposition try to dent this big tackle’s sholilders, it’s just like getting blood from a turnip. Elward found another halfback,' Cook, who can throw the ball near Dave Rankin, and consequently, the find paid off in points and long yardage. -1-1— People have stated their, belief that Dave wasn’t as good as at the end of last season, but they forgot that all passes thrown to the big Warsaw product were about as farfetched as Eskimos in Panama. In the Butler game two passes were thrown at him and he caught them. At Michigan State, one pass was thrown to him and he dropped it and at the same time got a broken nose (you’d have dropped the leather, too.). I still say, get the ball to the Boilermaker captain, and it’ll be tucked away for yardage. —I-I— Petty had the Eastern fans going
CLASS DANCE INSTRUCTION WE OFFER YOU THE FINEST DANCING SCHOOLS IN INDIANA Study under a Nationally Known Instructor, P. M. Allen. Have the experience of dancing with a partner. Both ladies and gentlemen now enrolled. BEGINNER'S CLASS WED. NOV. 13, 7:00 P. M. ADVANCED CLASS THURS. N6v. 14 7:00 P. M. THE ALLEN SCHOOL OF DANCING 6th and Ferry Sts. Phone 2150
4 9 f '4 4'
DO YOU ENJOY YOUR FOOD EVERY DAY? When You Eat in the Union Cafeteria Your Meals Are Planned By a TRAINED DIRECTOR WHO MAKES POSSIBLE A Diet of— •FRESH • APPETIZING and • WHOLESOME FOOD
JhL fiuJutuiL WsufrufiirtL lAnwtL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Yesterday’s Football 1 \ Results
Rice 14; Arkansas 7 Alabama 13; Tulane 6 Mississippi State 13; L S U 0 Temple 28; Villanova 0 Penn 10; Harvard 10 2 Penn State 13; Syracuse 13 Brown 13;' Army 9 Princeton 14; Dartmouth 9' Cornell 21; Yale 0 Pitt 6; Carnegie 0 Boston College 21; Boston U 0 Lafayette 7^ Rutgers 6 Iowa State 7; Drake 6 Lake Forest 9; Wabash 0
nutting with his power, but until the squad gets back from the Eastern Crusade, which failed again, I’ll have to reserve any opinion on Mr. Petty, whose only equal in the conference is Clawson, of Northwestern, and then the comparison is slim when one competes Petty’s accomplishments to Clawson’s one art — plunging. —I-I— But the all-powerful Chicago Tribune still calls this Paskvan fellow, of Wisconsin, the bestest. Bosh! I’d better not write anything on the
Intramural Sports
TOUCHBALL Monday, November 11 Field 1. Ward 24 vs Ward 29 (Agler) 2. Ward 27 vs Ward 2 (Bernhard) 3. Ward 14 vs Ward 11 (L. Captain) 4. Ward 22 vs Ward 28 (Hawkins) 5. Open 6. Kappa Delta Bho vs Sigma Nu (Kutz - McCarthy) ,, 7. Phi Kappa Sigma vs Sigma Phi Epsilon (McGrath - Meyer) 8. Sigma Chi vs Phi Kappa Psi (Noland - Papurca) 9. Phi Kappa Tau vs Alpha Tau Omega (Skinner - Shriber)
BASKETBALL Monday, November 11 Court 1—H. Young 7:00 Ward 23 vs Ward 34 7:15 Ward 2 vs Ward 22 8:00 Ward 28 vs Ward 3 8:15 Ward 24 vs Ward 36 Court 2—B. Berman 7:00 Ward 1 vs Ward 36
7:16 8:00 8:16
Ward 13 vs Ward 2 Ward 30 vs Ward 4 Ward 31 vs Ward 6'
Court 3—W. B. McAdams 7:00 Ward 21 vs Ward 26 7:16 Ward 26 vs Ward 27 , 8:00 Ward 82 vs Ward 6 8:15 Ward 33 vs Ward 7
disaster yesterday until I’ve talked to the squad; so we leave you ’til Monday, but wasn’t it a sad day for Tommy Harmon up at Minneapolis ? Purdue spirit can beat Minnesota, anyway it can stave off defeat. Let’s talk the fellows into the Minnesota game . . . YOU!
AVOID CHRISTMAS RUSH DO YOUR SHOPPING EARLY— USE OUR LAY-AWAY PLAN Burr, Patterson and Auld FRATERNITY JEWELERS Phone 2523 113 Northwestern
Be Prepared for the * MILITARY BALL ^ N i Have Your Formals CLEANED NOW
"Lowest Prices Quality Will Permit" Northwestern at Vine Phone 4081
Riveters Traillndiana For Big State Crown; Notre Dame Third Indiana’s cross country squad upheld its reputation for Hoosier State distance supremacy yesterday morning by placing men third, fifth, seventh, eighthj and thirteenth in the Big and Little State Cross Country combination meet to edge out the host Boilermaker contingent and recapture the Big State Championship. Butler’s thinlies took high honors in the little jitate meet, dethroning Indiana Central, last year’s champs. Mitchell Leads Pack ■ ....
Sophomore Mitchell assumed the limelight of the morning’s performance by leading the entire starting field of 64 runners, representing 10 state institutions, for most of the four mile course to beat out the threats of the best that Purdue, Indiana, and Notre Dame could offer to win both the Big and Little State
first place medals.
The two meets were run together for the first time in a good many years. The ten teams with representation were: Indiana, Purdue, Notre* Dame, Butler, Ball State, Earlham, Taylor, Manchester, DePauw, and Indiana Central. The Big State Championship was between the first s^ named, while Butler, Earlham, and Ball State were in both meets, and the final four were entered only in the Little State meet. However, the standings of the two meets were graded on an entirely separate bas-
is.
Begins On Golf Coarse As there were too many contestants to begin the race as usual in the stadium, the race started at the lower corner of the practice three hole golf course just north of Intramural field. From there the runners ran up to the stadium, around twice to spread out, and then around the three mile course on the golf links. From the beginning the meet became a race between Mitchell of Butler, Hunter and Maloney of Notre Dame, Tolliver, Hedges and Kane of Indiana, and Holderman of Purdue. Holderman, who was pre- ' viously undefeated in five early season meets, took the lead early in the race, but was soon headed by the Butler fiash, who is a cousin of Roy Southworth and one of the greatest runners ever to wear the Blue and White of the Bulldogs. Flash Mitchell Mitchell finished the race 11 seconds ahead of Irish Hunter. He
showed perfect form throughout the entire race, covering the four miles in the very good time of 20 minutes
and 44.9 seconds.
Captain Holderman, who finished fourth after Tolliver (who he had already beaten earlier in the season) appeared considerably off of the form that has given him nation wide recognition as a distance run-
ner.
• The scores of the schools in the Big State Meet are as follows: Indiana, 38; Purdue, 51; Notre'Dame, 66; Butler, 88; Earlham, 108; and Ball State, 149. Earlham Close Second Earlham’s quintet of runners gave the Bulldogs a scare for the title, only six points behind the capital city runners. The complete scores of the Little State Meet are as follows: Butler, 36; Earlham, 42; Indiana Central, 59; Taylor, 116; DePauw, 150; and Manchester 151. Following Mitchell to the tape in the Little State Meet were, MiUer, Indiana Central, second; Armer, Butler, third; Montega, Indiana Central, fourth; and Bye, Earlham,
fifth.
Basketball Officials There will be a meeting of all Intramural basketball officials Monday afternoon at 4 o’clock in room^ 104 of the Fieldhouse. ' The- following men must report if they wish to officiate in any of the intramural games: D. Adams, G. E. Bowers^ B. Berman, L. Captain, J. B. Close, R.,P. Green, H. Goldstein, R. Igney, J. A. Kutz, R. J. McCarthy, W. B. McAdams, J. Mann, J. Papurca, C. H. Rechenbach, H. Schlefenstein, R. F. Swank, H. R. Schwartz, Jim Shaw, Paul Schriber, F. Witsman, and Hugh Young, o.t.c.
GIRLS CAMPUS SWEATERS and BUTTON COATS $1.50 Value for 98c WHILE THEY LAST DEAC’S H. G. REISNER, BOOK STORE
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional v
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic
DEACS
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
Everything for a
DR. HAROLD J. RISK
College Education
4th O' Hain St. Phone 5701
■
Dr. A. M. IRION
• Jewelers
. PENTIST
R. C. EISENBACH
119 Vi Northwestern Ave.
Jeweler and Optometrist
Phone 4965
504 AAaln St.
• Bus Informatioii CHICAGO $2.95 R.T. GARY ,;2.95 R.T. MICHIGAN CITY 3.70 R. T, INDIANAPOLIS 2.10 R.T. YANKil TRAIVWAYS 208 N. 5th Fhon* 4475'^mi
F.C 'f- « : 4
PURDtTE exponent
v^unidasr; Novet^ber 10/ 1940
- iKi . .t't r'- ,/ ^ h:-' ■■ ■:Ai- : ip[, ■ ^'i ^ ‘f i 'I
'
(Continued from page 1)
seemed well on its way, a large loss caused by a passer being caught far behind the line of scrimmage put a damper On the Gold and Black threat. This factor became most apparent in the final two minutes of play, when, after Melton had recovered a fumble of Filipowiez’s on'the 43 yard line, a crucial pass on the fourth down was unable to materialize due to lack of protection to enable Galvin to get the pass away. .Byelene Back Dipiinutive Mike Byelene made appearance into the Riveter line-up for the first time since the Michigan State encounter when he was inserted to spaz’k the final bid of the Boilermakers as a result of Melton’s jarring tackle and recovery. On his first play into the game, the ace halfback reeled off a nice eight yard run. Three passing plays, including the one mentioned above, failed to find I’eceivers and the Rams took over on downs to hold the ball for the final seconds of play. For the first twelve minutes of play neither team was able to penetrate their opponent’s defense, resulting in a kicking duel highlighted by some!*first down quick kicks. Following one of the Riveter quick kicks, Blumenstock lateraled to Dennery for a substantial runback. A pass to Dennery coupled with a lateral to Eshmont brought the ball to the Purdue 22 yard line. Filipowicz carried the ball to the 18 as the quarter ended. . Four plays later the Rams lost the ball to the Riveters on the nine yard line after they failed to make the first down. Blumenstock carried Galvin’s punt back to the 37. On a play that began as a quarterback sneak, climaxed by a couple of laterals, and ending With a pass complete to Dennery on the goal line, the Rams scored their first tally. Hudacek came into kick the point, but failed. A spirited attack in the final minutes of the first half sparked by Carter and Petty bogged down on the 30 yard line as a fourth down pass from Petty to Carter with only one yard to go failed and the Rams, took oyer the ball on downs to end the threat. Rams Start Again Neither team threatened seriously in the early part of the third quarteir. in the final minute of play in this period the Rams passed and carried the ball to the Riveter 30 yard\.stripe. At the beginning of the fiinal period, the Rams asserted the full force of their attack against the wearying Boilermaker line, with Eshmont and Filipowicz alternating to carry the ball to a first and goal td go on the eight. Eshmont drugi ■ the Riveter secondary with him on ♦ the next play to cross the double marker and add six points to the Pordham score. Krivik came in to successfully kick the extra point. Captain DeFilippo’s kickoff was fumbled momentarily by Petty on the 17 yard stinpe before he recovered to bring the ball up to the 36 for a 17 yard runback. On the next
Seifert Will Address Armistice Banquet Armistice Day Peace Dinner will be held Monday, November 11, at 6 p. m. in the University Presbyterian church on North street. Contrary to previous custom, the dinner served will be a very simple one and the proceeds from the 25 cent tickets will go to the world student service fund. Following the meal, Harvey Seifert, executive secretary of the National Council of Methodist Youth, will speak on “Keep America Out of War^—Break the Hunger Blockade.” This peace dinner is an annual project of the Religious Council Peace Committee. Tickets are available from the various student church groups, o.l.a. Discussion . . groups on “The Modern Social and Economic Order” will be held Monday and Thursday nights, November 11 and 14, at 7:30 o’clock in room 302 of the Union for all who are interested. NeWman Club members are especially urged to attend. 'Johnny Presents' . . . Ray Block and his orchestra, who will salute Purdue by playing “For the Honor of Old Purdue” on the Phillip Morris radio program Tuesday evening at 8 o’clock, c.a.s.
play the conscientious fullback faded back and sent a pass into the arms of Captain Dave Rankin for a first and 10 on the Fordham 40. Petty Gets Tough On the next play. Petty charged through center with a terrific impact to drag the ball and the Ram secondary to the 29. Cook entered the game for Berto and failed to gain through his own right tackle. Accompanied by excellent blocking. Petty swept around,right end for a 26 yard gain to the 3 yard line before he was caught from behind. Petty gained two through center, made no gain on the next play, and lost six yards on the third down on an attempted end run. On fourth down Cook took the ball on a reverse and faded back to pass to Rankin in the end zone for the six points. Galvin came into the game to kick,his fourth consecutive point after touchdown, and end the scoring. On rushing the winners gained a total of 172 yards, while the losers gained ^125 yards. Fordham led in first downs 10 to V. Both teams intercepted one pass. Fordham tried li passes and completed 6; the Boilermakers attempted 13 passes and completed 6. The summary: Purdue Fordham Rankin XE.......... Dennery Neff .i XT.......... Kuzman Miller ......XG........ Bennett Axton C DePillipo (C) Melton .'...EG............. Sartori Timperman ..RT....... Combs JRE Lansing Snyder Q Pieculewicz Galvin .LH........... Eshmont Anderson ......i_.......;JRH .. Blumenstock Petty ......FB... —.. Fillipowicz Touchdowns: Fordham — Dennery, Eshmont. Purdue —- Rankin. Points after touchdown: Fordham—Hudacek; Purdue Galvin. , Substitutions: Fordham—Tackles, Hudacek : Santilli; Backs, Shedlosky, Krivik. Purdue— I. Rossi, Smerke, McCaffery, Byelene, A1 Rossi, Winchell, Kersey, Carter, Cook, Berto, Ehrlich, and Stevens.
Co-cd Style Small But Plenty
(Continued from page 1) Carolyn Britton on miniature flower containers, fifth; and D. V. Meek on popcorn hybrids, sixth. In the vegetable class G. R. Boyd received first prize on his potatoes followed by R..V. Shaw and. Frank Aker. Ed Klinker had the best cabbage display with G. R. Boyd second. Boyd also had the best onions. Thanksgiving Pie In the pumpkin class E. E. McCracken received the first award and G. R. Boyd the second. R. P. Schowe’s carrots were judged best and G. R. Boyd was second. Competition was extremely keen in the apple plate division. Prizes for Delicious apples were won by Albert Ludwig, C. L. Breeden and C. M. Shull. James Billingsby and Albert Ludwig had the best Grimes, Jonathan and Rome apples. Ludwig and Shull were given prizes for their Stayman apples. Yesterday afternoon 12 high schools of Indiana competed in the apple and vegetable judging and identification contest at the Horticultural Show. Out of a possible 1500 points the Greenfield High School team made a total of 1245 points to win first place in the vegetable contest. Anderson High School nosed out Greenfield in the apple contest with 1300 points. In individual honors, Kenneth . Mink of Idaville, Kenneth Vetters of Greenfield and Damon Shuler of Paragon, ranked highest. Several thousand persons viewed the exhibit last night, but a crowd of nearly 8,000 is expected today, according to an estimate by Ed Klinker, manager of the show. e. w.n. Boilermakers To Go Old-Fashioned Sat The good old-fashioned folk dances that Grandpappy used to swing to, touched up with a bit of modern rhythm, will be the theme of the Interfoundational Folk Dance next Saturday night in the Women’s Gymnasium. Boilermakers unfamiliar with the newly revived art of folk dancing a la modern will be shown how it should be done by a staff of experts adept in most everything from the Virginia Reel to the Indiana version of the Lambeth Walk, e.m.k. Minisierial Association Sponsors Plays Sunday The Tippecanoe County Ministerial Association will sponsor a series of plays to be given in the Jefferson High School auditorium Sunday afternoon, November 10. Three one-aet plays will be presented, Purdue Christian Foundation, Wesley Foundation, and the Baptist Foundation each preparing one play. In past years the Wesley Foundation has given a three-act play at this particular time, which this year is Armistice day Sunday.
In Hard Game With Chicago Bear Cubs
By TED CLARK While the Riveters were battling Fordham in Gotham, two teams of the watch-fob variety took possession of Ross-Ade Stadium yesterday afternoon and wa^ed a close, cleanly fought contest which saw Meridian A. C. capture the Junior National Championship as they employed Notre Dame razzle-dazzle to outsmart the Chicago Junior Bears by a 12 to 9 score. Clad in attractive uniforms of Blue and Gold, the West-siders ran up a two-touchdown margin in the first half and definitely oUt-played their opponents; however, both attempts at conversions proved futile and the conclusion of the second period found Een Paxton’s team leading the Orange and Black 12 to 0. Plenty of Spirit -' ■■ - . ' ■
Canfield and Young, the former, along with young Hockema, a son of a faculty member, shouldered the brunt of the Blue and Gold offensive maneuvers, relying upon the shift made famous by Knute Rockne. The Windy City striplings, on the other hand, used a modified single wingback, devoid of the shifting motion. Between halves, we chose to watch proceedings in the dressing room of the ultimate losers, and found Coach George Jenkins reprimanding® his youthful charges. He told them that they appeared to be living on their past reputation, but gave serious advice that they should follow in the second half. When they trotted out of the locker rooms and down the ramp none of the players bore signs of dejection. They were determined to nullify the markers hung up earlier by Youfig and Canfield , and forge into the lead if they could. Block That Kick! Early in the third the Bears received the break that gave them an incentive to push across that lagt double stripe when their forward wall reared up to block Canfield’s punt in the end zone'and record a safety as a Meridian lineman recovered the careening pigskin. An exchange of punts, some of which traveled for forty and fifty yards and stubborn defensive tactics by both sides prohibited any further
scoring until mid way in the final fifteen minutes. Then the Bear Cubs marched in a sustained drive of for-ty-eight yards. Pullback Nolan plunging over from the three yard line. Danno was the chief offensive threat, and proved his versatility in converting the extra point from placement. Last Minute Rally Long passes went to no avail in the closing minutes of the contest, which found Danno failing to strike his receivers in a desperate effort to hit pay dirt and salvage victory from certain defeat. All hard clean play was the order of the day, each eleven drawing only one penalty. The awarding of a trophy for the best sportsmanship to Captain Burr Prentice, Meridian center, culminated a closely! waged tussle. Mayor D. S. Kiem handled the presentation and remarked, “It was a fine, clean game and the judges unanimously acclaimed the winner of the diadem without even consulting each other.” Human interest was at a pTemium with little South Chicago followers muttering, “We wuz robbed,” on everything that did not suit the best wishes of their embryo athletes. At one juncture an opposing led was tackled with such ferority that his pants were ripped from him in shreds. This ensued a
mad dash to the dressing room for another set of togs while his mates gathered about him to j'act as a shield from the prying eyes of the assembled onlookers. Virtually everyone is acquainted / with the doings of Meridian A. 0., for the venture was started some five years ago by Ken Paxton of the PE school.. Success has come readily to the youngsters with conscientious coaching by Paxton. They have their own loyal supporters,' and! everything complete, even to a pugnacious looking bulldog mascot, George “Pop” Jenkins coaches the little Bears and organized them with the assistance of George Halas, senior Bears mentor, and Irv Kupcinet of the Chicago Daily Times in 1937. Since the plan has materialized, 650 boys hafe been developed and schooled in football skill. With the backing of the professional gridders, bet'sveen 400 and 500 city youngsters annually are candidates for the squad. National championships were copped from 1937 to 1939 inclusive, but this season that honor must be surrendered to the local chaps. The players* range from 11 to 15 years in ages and weigh 90 to 120 pounds. Many of the Chicago schoolboy stars are graduates of this system, among them Vic Schwall and Wilk, All-City quarterback from Harrison High in the 1939 campaign. " Coach Jenkins formerly played for Marquette back in 1919 with the renowned “Red” Dunn. Later he was athletic director at Lawrence College in Appleton, Wis., and now is district athletic director in Chicago parks. In Erratum The University Club’s Christmas party will be held Monday, December 16, and not Wednesday as stated in a previous issue of the Exponent.
NATE POULQS Purdoe '39 * Home Office College Representative LAFAYETTE LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY PHONE 4019
Attention Seniors! I have recently completed a survey in which TOO outstanding personnel directors have been consulted on their attitude toward life insurance. The following are two typical replies: 1. "Your program appears to be sound, and we believe that it would have a certain definite value in Causing the seniot to realize his responsibilities, which in turn would be imparted to whatever work he undertook after he left college." 2. "To my way of thinking, there is a definite connection between life insurance and a young man's cpriception of business and moral responsibility. Early attention to a life insurance program on the part of any young man, in my opinion, signifies foresight and interest in a careful planning for the future. These traits are sought after in selecting young men to work into positions of responsibility."
Before long, you will be applying fpr a position. Let me show you my complete survey so you may see what employing officers think about life insurance.
Just a Coat Over Your Shoulders Won't Do It must fit-^The shape is neeessary as styled by the makers. All this is a part of Crown Cleaning Service.
F I N E CL EA W £ RS O F FI NEC LOT H E i ^
Beat the Price Rise Buy your Debris before Nov. 20 if you want to take advantage of the low price. Present Price $4.00
'V/L jthiL Wodt^An.^ 9^^
'it.
’9'i‘
■A
•'i