Sunday/ January SI, 194$
Hoosiers Outclass Riveters In Court Fray, 53-35
War Department Issues New Plan Advanced ROTC Students To Finish Current Semester , Cancelling all previous statements on the status of college eplisted reservists, the War Department released a complete plan of allocation Friday night. Many telegrams and contradictory orders concerning various groups of students in the enlisted reserves have been received at the University recently. The plan released Friday is the first for some time to correlate the entire program. —
200 New Students Will Enroll Feb. 6 In An Intrasession
Menke Scores 13 Points For High Man; Swanson Next By Joe Dawson, Exponent Sports Editor After holding their own for about 15 minutes of last night’s hard fought battle at Bloomington, Piggy Lambert’s never-say-die basketball team felt the sting of the accurate shooting Indiana outfit to go down in defeat by a score of 53-35. The Boilermakers gave it their best all the way, but couldn’t match the fast pace set by the Big Ten leaders, who now have won 13 straight games for the season and six straight in conference play.
Official confirmation of the new set-up has not, as yet, arrived at the University, but Prof. Hockema, assistant to the President and armed forces representative on the campus, expects word by Monday
morning.
According to the detailed plan issued by the War Department, studOnts in the Army Enlisted Resfelrves who are taking prescribed n^edical, dental, veterinary and engineering courses will not be inducted until the end of the current
semester.
Some May Go Now Others not in any of the aforementioned courses are subject to cdll at any time now, as the Army fiiids room for them. ,Advanced ROTC students will be allowed to finish the current semester. Those in their second year of ROTC will receive three months mote instruction before being com-
missioned.
Cadets in the junior advanced division will be assigned to replacement training centers for additional training in place of the extra year missed in college. After that train-
Approximately 200 new students are entering- the University next February 6. This is a new innovation, called an intra-session, made to enable high school students to enter the University as soon as they finish high school. Some of these students may have entrance deficiencies in one subject, but they will have an opportunity to make up the diswepancy. All schools of the University are open to intra-session students; however, they take only the fourbasic subjects of the curricula in which they enroll. In order to receive 12 semester hours of credit they must do extra work at the end of the ten weeks’ course. The next semester they will enroll in regular-
classes.
When the war- is over the intrasession will probably be discontin-
ing, some of these men will be sent ^'ed, but in times such as these, it is
important that one start his education as soon as possible if he expects to get one at all. This is the first time in the history of the University that such a policy has been
introduced.
to officer- candidate schools and others will be sent back to some university for additional trainingunder the Army Specialized Train-
ing program.
May Be Sent Back To College Some of the students talcen from college, whether- now or at the end of the semester, will be sent back to college for further specializecl training. Records in college and in basic ROTC training, plus tests given by the Army, will determine eligibility for such train'-g. YWCA To Hold
Tomorrow
Meeting
YWCA will hold a mass meetingtomorrow at 4:00 p. m. in room 355 of the Union at which all members and coeds interested in joinirrg are invited. Pat Siu, a Hawaiian, will speak at 4:30 on “Hawaii.” Siu is president of the Cosmopolitan Club. After the program, “Y” members may sign preferences for committee work for the year. Coeds who are interested in filling out YWCA membership cards should come to the office on the third floor of the Union some time during the week. The office is open from 4 to 5 p. m. OWI States OP A Deadlines . Office of War Information today reminded Hoosiers of OPA rationing dates as follows: Stamp 28 for I pound of coffee will be valid through February 7. Stamp 10 for 3 pounds of sugar will be valid through January 31 and stamp 11 for 3 pounds of sugar will be valid February 1 to March 16. Stamp 4 in A-book can be exchanged for 4 gallons of gasoline through March 21. A-book holders must have tires inspected by March 31 and B-, C-, and T-book holders by February 28. Concerning- fuel oil distribution is as follows: Zone C, through Feb-i-uary IG; Zone B, Februai-y 21; Zone A, February 22. Coupon 4 for II gallons: Zone A, February 2 to April 17; Zone B, January 31-April 12; Zone C, Januaiy 27-April (I (10 ^-aliens only).
Navy Opens Aviation Cadet Training Plan A new program has been announced by the Naval Aviation Cadet Selection Board in Chicago whereby seventeen - year - old students may now apply for pilot training in the Navy Air Force. Lieut. Comdr. Olson explained that the training starts with a preparatory course where the youngmen will receive training- in ground school subjects, mathematics, physics, and Naval essentials. Following this will be the actual flying school. While m school the cadet receives $75 a month pay, in addition to his room, board, and uniforms. On completion of his tiaining, he wins his Navy Wings of gold and is commissioned as an ensign, with a minimum monthly salary of $246 a
month.
Physical requirements in this examination are the same as those lireviously prescribed for air cadet applicants. Applicants will be sworn in immediately as Apprentice Seamen, Class V-5. Pur,due students who arc interested|in enlisting in V-5 should see Dean W. A. Knapp in the Executive Building. Air Corps, Army, Navy Take Toll Of Students In the first three weeks of this semester a total of one hundred and five, with the encouragement of their local draft board, have left the University. One enlisted. The score for University men stands as follows, up to the moment: 3 ERC to the Army, 10 to the Navy, one to the Marine Corps, 21 to the Air Coi p.s, one enlisted in the Army, and 67 were draftees.
AWS Holds Callouts Tomorrow AWS will hold a callout Monday afternoon, February 1, at 4 p. m. in the AWS office for all freshmen and sophomore coeds. Fii-st and second semester freshmen girls are equally eligible. Girls are urged to come out now to work up to top positions later on. Work in AWS should not interfere with a coed’s other responsibilities. Frosh Should Vote Freshmen girls should feel it their responsibility to vote for the freshman representative whom they desire to represent them for the new semester. Voting- will take place Monday, February 1, from 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. in the Great Hall of the Union. There are many jobs available for new workers on 'the various committees. Activities committee is in charge of clerical work; vocations committe takes care of letterwriting; and the duties of the office committee are in the form of typing, making posters and other odd jobs needing to be done. Defense Committee The defense committee, a newly organized group, aids the USO and other war efforts functioning around the University. If any coed is interested in such work, remember the callout, Monday at 4. Theta Chi . . . social fraternity, will hold its annual Winter Formal in the chapter house from 8:30 to 11:30 Satur-
day night.
Captain A1 Menke, although closely guarded by Dick Wittenbraker throughout the contest, played one of the best games of his career to take scoring honors for the evening with 13 points. Captain Ii-v Swanson of the Hoosiers dropped' in four long shots from far out on the court and added two free throws to lead Indiana with 12 points. Williams and Hamilton were close behind with 11 apiece. Ehlers Opens Scoring Indiana took the opening tip-off, but Ehlers opened the scoring for the evening by connecting on a onehander from the side. Ehlers hit again to givg the Boilermakers their only lead of-the game. Swanson and Wittenbraker then took over to give the Hoosiers a 11-6 lead. Three free throws and a tipin by Menke tied the game up again, but from then on the Hoosiers managed to stay out in front of the Boilermakers. Fourteen fouls were called on each team in this rough, hardfought battle. Max Biggs and Ed Ehlers were forced to leave the game about the middle of the second half after each had received his fourth personal. Ward Williams, the smooth-working Hoosier center, also collected four. Tau Epsilon Phi . . . announces the initiation of Marshall Gardner and Harry Gurevitz of Whiting; William Abrams, South Bend; Lawrence Fleischman, Detroit; Leonard Cohn and Robert Leevack, Gary; Arthur Dykman, New Jersey; Calvin Gaynes, James Rosenbaum, John Schlossberg, Robert Shattow, and Morris Weiss of Chicago; Harry Goldman and Sidney Jacks of St. Louis; Elvin Jens, Hammond; William Kaplan, Washington, D. C.; and Walter Zobel,
Rushville.
Alumni Tell Of Wartime Experiences Editor’s Note: News of former University students now in the armed forces is great in volume and never ending but here are two stories that arc of interest.
Playshop Tickets Now Available All Proceeds Will Benefit Lafayette USO Services Tickets are now on sale for Playshop’s USO benefit prodttction, “The Eve of St. Mark”. The show will be given this Friday and Saturday evenings at 8 in Fowler Hall. All proceeds from the performances will be turned over to the local USO, Dr. H. Kenn Carmichael, Playshop director, has announced. / “The Eve of St. Mark”, by Maxwell Anderson has been ac- — claimed nationally by theater
Pistol Team Wins
Over M.I.T.;
Loses To Ohio State
Joseph Kelley, EE ’39, now in North Africa with our armed forces has had an interesting history since the time of his graduation. He was working in the Venezuelan oil fields at the time the war started but returned to this counti-y on a short assignment. When applying for a passport to return to Venezuela, it was refused with the notice that he would be subject to call in
the draft.
Participated In Dieppe Raid Kelley immediately applied for Signal Corps training and in the line of duty was transfen-ed to Scotland to help install electrical devices in American planes arriving there. He participated in the Dieppe raid in non-combatant duty and was then assigned to prepare for the invasion of North Africa. Transported to the coast of Africa in a submarine, he and his party travelled inland secretly and set up beacons to prepare the way for invading American and British flyers. He is now on active duty in that theatre of the war. Lt. West Forced Down Another alumnus who has participated in the Mediterranean operations is Lt. Wilbur C. West, ME ’39, who was forced down by lack of fuel on return from bombing in (See ALUMNI TELL, page 4 )
In a recent pistol match on January 25, the Univei’sity varsity was defeated by Ohio State 1327-1321. This defeat was partially avenged when the freshmen trounced the Ohio State freshmen, 1256-1053. These matches are conducted by the Military Department, sponsors of the pistol team. Bob Essig Places High
critics as the most moving war drama to date. It is the simple tale of a farm boy, who was drafted and his life in the service. This play is not Maxwell Anderson’s first attempt at a war drama. Twenty years ago he collaborated on “What Price Gloty” which became the greatest play written about the first world war. In the leading role as Quizz West, the farmer boy, is John Clark. Other major parts will be taken by Carolyn Wood, Becky Ann Pervinfe, George Sykes, Bill Lester, Henry
Bolz, and Art Barab.
The supporting cast will include Betty Gray, Elaine Kail, Mary McCormick, Mary Louise Fairmah,
Bob Essig, captain-elect of the j^ck Scai-ff, George Kern, Warrep team, was high man in the Ohio l^U, Charles Greenhill, Harold State match with 275 out of a pos- Warren, Uriel Carter, Ed Grtiid, sible 300. Merle Bunkei’, who was George Zissis, Frances Robinson, elected manager of the team, was a jjjj^ Yingst. The entire ptoducclose second. In the only other tjon jg being directed by Hr. C match so far this semester, the Uni- Kenn Carmichael, and staged by
versity team defeated M. I. T. in a telegraphic match. Each team shot their targets on their own ranges and the results were compared by
Mr. Ross D. Smith. Rita Donahue is acting as rehearsal assistant. The action takes place in eight scenes. The locale shifts from
telegraph. Essig, wdth 272, and Indiana farm first to an army
Bunker were again high and sealed the fate of M. I. T. 1295-1280. The Military Department has approximately 20 matches scheduled for the team in the i-emainder of the se-
mester.
Composing the team this semes-
camp, then to a nearby tavern, ,to the docks^^ at San Francisco, and finally to an unidentified island in the Philippines. All seats for these performances will be general admission. Tickets may be purchased for fifty cents at
ter are twelve varsity members, five the Fowler Hall box office, or at
A Reporter Goes Backstage . . .
Ballet Russe Cast Offers Colorful Interview During Intermission
By Lou Speck and Bill Tyson Last Friday night during the-first half of a colorful performance by the Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo, two Exponent reporters sat among the members of a thoroughly entertained crowd—composed of some five thousand mixed students and townspeople—anticipating with apprehension an interview with the dancers at intermission. To say that they weie concerned would be putting it mildly. Moreover, since it was thei) first interview, they were very seriously afflicted with a case of backstage fright. However, after the dancing got under way and the ballerinas made their appearance, their minds were diverted into more pleasant channels. Backstage Is Colorful Being backstage at a Russian Ballet can be best described by asking the reader to exercise hi^ mind and imagine waking up and finding himself in a brightly lighted trunkroom filled with foreigners rushing about with painted faces and dressed in brilliant costumes. Nevertheless, everything was well organized. In fact, everything was so well under control that Anna Scarpova was jiertly offering her ballet version of “I Want My Mama” for the amusement of the company. Franklin Tells Of Career While exploring backstage, the two negative exponents had the good fortune to meet and interview
three of the principals in the cast. For instance, Mr. Frederic Frank lin, from London, England, and who appeared in the “Rodeo” as the champion roper, leaned back in his chair and graciously told them some. of the details of his career as a ballet dancer. He explained that at an early age he had been taken to Paris where his father was in business. When he was six his mother and father decided to send him to dancing school to leain the ballet fiom the old Russian Masters who had set up their studios in Paris after having been exiled from Russfa when the Bolsheviks took oyer. Furthermore, he said his case was typical of how ballet dancers began their caieer—at an early-age under parental guidance. When asked to give an estimation of how much time is required to master the ballet, Mr. Franklin replied that 18 months of intensive study is necessary befoye the beginner can detect any evidences of his training. “That IS the main reason so many promising students of the ballet become discouraged before they really get going,” added Mr. Franklin. In commenting on the ballet presented in America in comparison with the oi-iginal Russian Ballet, Mr. Franklin stated that relatively few innovations have been made in scenery, costumes, et cetera, and no changes have been made in the actual performance of the ballet.
Along this line he mentioned the fact that “Rodeo,” always well received by the American audience, was a product of American artists and being such it would establish a permanent place for ballet in the United States. Music Hall Acclaimed Commenting on the Music Hall, Mr. Franklin said that he had never performed in a more beautiful theater but, he added, “the accommodations for the performers were sadly inadequate. Showers should be provided by all means.” The four languages spoken by the members of the company are Russian, English, Polish, and French. Other Stars Interviewed The other two "dancers intei'viewed were Miss Lubov Roudenko and Mr. Igor Youskevitch. Miss Roudenko was very pretty with hazel eyes and a very appropriate costume. She was born in Belgrade, Jugoslavia, 21 years ago. She began dancing the ballet at the age of 7. Her role in Ballet Russe was as the “Cowgirl” in “Rodeo.” Mr. Youskevitch was born in Paris of White Russian parents. His experience in the ballet has been long and wide. He commented chiefly on the hardships of the life of a ballet dancer on tour. Long hours spent in lehearsal, on the train with 88 people crowded into one private tar, and the inevitable job of making" up.
of whom shoot per match. In addition, Captain Brown, officer in charge, has eight freshmen in training. These freshmen are selected from the novice pistol groups which are conducted each semester in the Armory. Fire Three Targets In the firing of an actual match, Captain Bi'own’s five-man team fire three targets apiece. Since there arc a possible hundred points per target, the maximum possible score is 300 per man or 1500 per team. The matches are fired on three different sizes of targets. Slow fire comes first, in which one minute per, shot is allowed and the bull’s eye is consequently quite small. Next time firing time is cut to four seconds per shot. The last target is rapid fire where two seconds per shot is allowed. The less time given per shot, the larger the bull’s eye. County Teachers' Institute To Meet Here Saturday Morning Fourth annual County Teachers’ Institute program will be held" at the University next Saturday, February 6. Between 400 and 500 teachers from this section of the state will attend. Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the University division of education and applied psychology, and Dr. Thurman B. Rice, of the Indiana State Boaid of Health, will be the principal speakers for the morning session in Eliza Fowler Hall. Dr. Rice To Speak Principal speaker at the noon luncheon will be Dr. M. S. Rice, pastor of the Metropolitan Methodist Church. The Concert Choir,"under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, will provide musical selections. Benton, Warren, Carroll and Tippecanoe counties have planned that all their teachers attend, whereas a number of other counties will send only partjal delegations.
USO headquarters, 6th and Ferry, in Lafayette. Former Ag Student To Appear On National Farm And Home Hour Donald Davis, a former University student, has been chosen as one of seven to attend a nation-wide broadcast on the Farm and Honie Hour next Saturday, January 6. The seven young farmers were ghoseh from a national selection of 4-H boys. The purpose of the program is to repledge present 4-H Club members to an all-out war effort, and to get as many new members as possible. In this connection the Hrdtana clubs this year are planning to increase their enrollment 60 por cent from the usual 50,000 to 76,000. Davis left school January 29 because of the great amount of work to be done on his father’s farm. Ho has worked nine years in 4-H, and has received numerous medals his participation in farm activities. His two brothers, Claude and Velmar, are senior and junior students, respectively, in the University. Mudball hey there clarence you know if you go up the wabash river you come Y to a place where wild ^ cat creek empties into it well my friend snow ball and i met there for a conference last night just like the president in africa the subject we took up was the u s army we decided that a waac is in charge of it certainly no man could change his mind as often as the army changes theirs in regard to college students. £ ... -MUHBAlil#! I f!
Page 2
Purdue Exponent
Sunday, January 31, 1943
Purdue Exponent Offices Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 400S Sports, Fieldhouse Phene 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m , 5377
Editor Business ManaRcr News Editor Manasinir Editor Senior Adsertising Manaffcr Sports Editor Coed Editor Coed Business Lxecutiie
W illmm G Hoskins (.erliard 11 Klouman Robert tv Boswinkte Dale F Bntz James G Petty Joseph Dawson Sally Beall A Jane Kcim
Publication Staff Ed tonal ‘^tnff Associate Editors 1 1 Viol 1 f I cl 1 n I I Fi ton W H T son W L \ rm lioi M L & i th L C Martin dell E Murphs Coed Staff Pnjllio Mann Martin Lee K n,s Carolyn Wilbur Elaine A1 rens Sports Staff C Soiiards 1 Acl crinan D Shryer K Smith
Business Staff Assistant AdvertiSinp Manairer J F I) i Adi ertisina Managers J blexon C Gaunt J McCullough 5 Tabb Circulation Manager R H Kroetli Accounts Manager Man C Us
The Purdue Independent
Editor in Chief
Staff For This Issue Night Editor Vermilion Sports Editor Smith Day Editor Wilbur Issue Editor Abbett Reporters Baynes Speck H 1 V irgcr Edmondson Rich ardson Crag Ford Van Busk krk HUffr ch Fitzj stuck Tuttle Moore
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafay ette Indiana under the act of Congress of March 3 18 9 and at the sp cial rate of postage provided for in section 1103 act of October 3 101 authorized January 20 1922 Published on Tuesday Thur dav Friday and Sunday mornings during the \eai Delivered locally bi carrier for $1 75 for a semester or $3 00 for two semesters by mail for $2 00 for a semester or $3 60 for two semesters Represented for natioi ai adverti mg by National Advertis ing Sen ice Inc College P ibl shers Representatives 420 Madison Ave New York N Y
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Licht^
TZfP
V irizict
'ill/CM Help-
Physics Staff Answers Editorial Concerning Physics 'Farces'
(Editoi’s Note The following u tide IS an answti, by the Univti sity Ph) sits Department to in edi tonal appedun„ in tl e I \ponent on
lanuarv 21)
Engintcnng touists Physics 21 and Physics 22 w le pi iced on the
ntie wASHiNm
Tm RfQ U S P ) Of<
MERRY-GO-ROUND
ly DREW PEARSON
Revolt' Against Roosevelt Stirs Opposition; Breeds III Will For Renomination Of President WASHINGTON—Real stoiy of the Demociatie Natioiidl Committee meeting in Chicago ncvei leaked out It Mas cuefiilly held back Horn the pi css foi ftai it would blow the lid off the last vestiges of Demo
ciatic haimonj
What leally happened is exticmely impoitant foi it indicates that the Piesident would have a tough time being lenomimted in 1944 even li he desiicd a
fouith teim
The fiiewoiks got staited in i closed dooi session iftei lunch The moining committee ipeetmg open to the pi ess had been leasonably haimomous But with the pi css bailed l\ Govcinoi Olson of California pouied out the vitiiol ehaiging the Roose velt Admimstiation with flaunting the recommenda tions of the Demociatic Party, behaving as if Demo
ciats weie stepchildren
Governor Olson then introduced a resolution de manding that the Democratic National Committee or its members be consulted regarding eycry federal ]ob
appointed by Roosevelt
This brought cheers from almost everyone—Judge Iim Quigley of Nebraska ex Governor Rivers of
Gcoie,. Prank McH.le «t Ind,.«. Pre.tor La™ of , H J The Ph)„i, Dcp..t„,ont not the Maryland Ed Shields of Mihigan, Arthut Koon o of COUlse, but don't you think we could ease fathci of this wiitten locitation
stitcd Ihit if lei Pin KS 21 ind rinsica hid been completed a poll ol the cli“s MIS liken which slioi ed Ih it ovei 90 pci cent of the cl iss favoied the test method of te lelnng It stated ilso that final cvaminilions consisting of the “Co
‘fucc list by an cditonil in Ihe opciative Physics Tests foi College
Exponent of Jainiaiy 21 1942 A numbci of ubiti iiy statements ip peaied in the “f u e cditoiial which at best Meie liignly cxip geiated as Maik Twim said when he lead an account of his death Rc polls on file in the Umveisity of thoiough investig itions made bv the Engmeeiiiig Schools and the Phys Its Depaitment «how that the facts
Students Meie used in the place of the legulu hnil cMininition ques lions uid that the aveiage pci ten tile seoies of oui cnginetiuig students wciL fiom 12 to 15 points highei tlmn thocC published ioi the engmeeimg students in some 500 institutions ovci the eountiy who
took the s line tests
Some of Lhc Ihin s which a stu
Ag Students May Go Although the Wai Department has changed its mind seveial times concerning the Enlisted Resexves, it seems fairly certain that the agricultuial students of the nation’s colleges will be subiect to call, eithei m the Enlisted Reseiv es or draft, at any time These boys entered the Universities foi a variety of purposes, but fundamentally they all intended to place themselves in agiicultuie 01 some closely associated field Now these men with then backgiound of technical training in agiicultuie are threatened with the possibility of being inducted into the arm^ oi oth er ser\ices Agiicultuial students aie not slackeis and will not hesitate to take then place beside the fighting men of the Allied Natioim, but the situation seems to e\ olve itoclt into a question of whei e they will do the most good Practically all of tne agiicultuial students have a faim backgiound and before cnteimg college most of them spent then time in ac tual faim work Theiefoie, they lepresent a reserve of tiained fami woikeis In addition to this faim background, they have been foi titled with technical tiaimng at the umveisities of the nation Farm leadeis aie continually pointing to the growing shortage of faim laboi as a men ace to inci eased food pioduction and much publicity has been given to the diatting ot faim labor Although the acuteness of the labor shortage is difficult to mea,5Uie at the present time, exnerts are agreed that it will become more serious in the futuic In the face cl this laboi shoitage it seems lather ironical to send experienced, college trained farm woikeis and prospective farm managers to the aimed services and then try to meet the labor shortage by training inexpei lenced w orkei s Thei e has been much talk about the training of women and imported Mexican labor, but it is doubtful if this new abi^r could ever attain the productive capacity f the native farm families In addition to being expeiienced farm workers, the college students would make a valuable contribution to the wai effoit in the foi*m of managerial ability- Through the use of more efficient methods and planning, agicultural production might be inci eased If the agricultuial students of the nation aie not going to be allowed to finish school, it certainly would seem moie logical to allow them to 1 ctui n to the farms They w ould make a moie valuable contiibution to the wai effort and would eliminate to some extent the necessity of using mexpeiienced labor on fams. —d e b
Noithwcstcrn Univcisitj lecentlj dedicated its 6,725 000 technological nibtitutc
Because ol the impoitanee ol meteoiology to the aviation piogiam Vassal college has added this sub jeet to itb a=tionomy euiiiculum Bainaid college has intioduced a '-peeial piogiain knoMii as the 'Vmciican Heiitagc designed to pie sei t Moiid h stoiy fiom the Ainciican point of view It euehon pot welding to gi\e moie sjiecd to au I Ian jiodiRtKii c w II I to inciease the planes fhgi feed and li^ht ii the Ijad is being conducted at ilu Ijiinei of Sjutheui California Ti n iei ol ihe n inj s judge ihotafe geneials school Jioin \Va 1 ii gto i to the Lniiei it\ of Miehi cui ipu ^ a itcci con ijltlt 1 I tael ing ji Seal i la u at ilie 1 i\ei !t\ jlWis ton 1 this yeai is um ei tueeli i I fiol C A Clan tl who has i leave oj bit lioin Wiittiii btig edltkc Spill gfitid Ol o Il)( Uiiiiti nj < t ItAas halt. b( (11 gjanted S2 oUU 1 i _a btudi (i tin theini tij ot me it with paiueulai en ])has}s on nulutjonil \ ilius
West Virginia Only fault some Could find was that
that Olson resolution was too weak • Women Get Tough
Demociatic committeewomen also had then say Some claimed they had been embaiiassed, made liais of in then own communities by the policies of then paity in Washington The repiesentatives fiom Maine- and Alabama wcie especially vehement “Hairy Hopkins is gi owing hoi ns He is luniing
the paity
In 1940 I voted against my bettei judgment it Chicago but iievei again ’ “No mattei what Roose velt wants m 1944 he won t get it —these weic sen timents bulled by foaming fulminating Demociat:,
at Chicago
The meeting was now so out of hand that Oscar Ewing presiding for Frank Walker whispered to assistant treasurer Dick Durham to get someone to speak against the Olson resolution Ed Shields of Michigan obliged but had little effect He proposed that the Olson lesolutions be oral so it would not have to be given to the press ® Casey Goes To Bat Ewing then sent the disticss ignal to Eugene Casey Maiyland faimei and White House idvisei on agiicultuie That morning Casey had dehveied a lo sounding speech in defense of the Picsident ind i til idc against the bineauei its This tunc Casey ic plying to Ewing s ippe il said I was asl ed to get up heie and say something to quiet you I don t 1 now whetl ei I should oi not But it wouldnt mike any diffcicncc whethci you pissed th it lesolution in wiitten foim oi oi illy oi didn t pass it at all The only thin-, th it w ould happen if you passed it would be th it it would be given to the pi ess which IS waiting out ide to smeai us So instead oi p issii f i lesolulion heies what I suggest Appoint a committee of fifteen Select fif tee 1 of the toughest hucic'-t hitting most pugnacious biting memneis of the Nation il Com nittee Pick liftcen membcis wlio can fight who won t take no foi 111 answei wl o aien t ifiiid to talk back And send this committee with Piank Wall ei to the White House to tell tie Pusuknt fianlly whit h IS gone on heie ai d how vou all ■*'cel The Casey piopo^al Wes adopted Ihe e weie moie
fiieworks
Remember gentlemen implored Chairman I w mg we have to eiteh a li am \Vc cant stay here all day I inally the meeting adjourned Note Belting odds aic tint tne Casey resolution will be pigeonholed bv easv goinj I link Walker and the committee will nevei tall it the V hitc House • Crown Prmcess Martha The Clown Piineess cf Noiw ly is now a full fledged membci of the ShoiL -iiioiteis Club with ueh oth ci distinguished pei on iges as Winston Chuiehill and Heniy A Wallace It happened as the Piintcss Maltha was letuining by tlippci tion Englind to hoi home in Pdaiylud Th" stewaidess on the plane isl ed if she weie a mem bci ot tlm club wh eh lequncs cvciy mtmbti to cany a maiked ‘*>1 lull is i ecitificat ot membeiship She was not Vheieupon otiiei passengeis piomptly pit sented then dollai bills—tol en of membeiship in the club—foi the Piineess to sign She wiote hei name in ml Miilhi Ciown Pun ce s of Noiwiy acioss i do/on doilai bills that d y IS the plane soaied o oi the Atlantic Theie wtit toLulecii passcngeis ind she signed loi all except hci lid\ in waiting Rigni Ostga ud il e pi me h id been some time out ot England be loit the pas tngeis icili/ed th it they had a piineess iboiid She appe aed on the passengei list simply as Mis Blown But omei e letognized hci tiom pie tines and the woid ot aiound While most ot the pisstiigeis olayed budge the Princess read a book \t night she tucked hersclt into the little sleeping corap utment lower beith while the ladv in salting ihinbed into the upper She fhatted with |jissen,eis as if she were meiely Mis Brow n iiid when the tup was over pissengei I led VI illnnis ol the Bntisji Mini tn lemaiked ‘■she s quite the mo I iharming lads I se esti itul « Latins Love Russia I at! 1 Anti cm ftai ot Coinmuumi has lei g kepu those eoiintiic tiopi iceogm/uin the Soviet Union But So\ let militaiy successes 1 iVt peisu ided the L itins that the soviets will emeu t anoiu the \ e tois in tl IS wai md will be a povvei to deal vsith Iluis some ot the touniiies below the i lo Giaiut aie eomin; uound to diplimitie ieeO;,mlion it the Soviet Goveinment Cuba IS ‘-ondinf, Di Au elio ( onchc o Ambassadoi to Washington to Vloscow to open i legation vshitl svill latei be in ehaige oi Ui Raoul Heiici i Ai mgr ilso tiom the \\ i h lutui Lmbassy Mexico IS ^ending hti Mil istei C ounseloi liom the W i hiiigtf n I mb i v I)i Lui Qu nt u ill i lo be come Ministei to tl e 11 S S K 1 s\ elve hunditd doll ishi bi en gi\en by the Ainei lean 1 ouiidatioi Joi Dental science to the Umveisity ot Calitoinia college oi dcntistiy ioi biologic il u seaich by tin division oi diul il nudituie
up on oui call for blood donois around income tax time‘s”
were not whit the “fiice editoiiil dent should lequiie by this method made them out to be Pngineers oflciinin„ i willinpness to tike gcneially aie vciy ciieful to mile on moie icsponsibility in piepaia accuiate statements, especially tion of class cxcieiscs, ability to when lepoiting on the subject of icad ind undeistind engineering
matcinl moic legulai habits of leading md study uid the habit of doing thiius o 1 time Besides these he gets i peimaucnt iteoid of his accomplishment in the shape of the ictmnrd maikec' md giaded test papeis and above all feels moie fioe to i 1 questions in lecititioiis H duly tests sic dioppod foi a
“faices”
The ‘wiitton lecitation method which has been intioduced as a teaching aid in the classiooni tech mque of Physics 21 and Physics 22 was selected to take the “lap by the authoi of the “faice editoiial
University Calendar Week of January 31 - February 6
Monday, February
I 00 P M 4 00 M 7 00 ■P AI 7 00 P M 8 30 P M 9 00 P M 4 00 P AI 7 30 P M 7 30 P M 7 30 P AI 7 >0 P M 7 0 P AI 7 OPAI 7 30 P M o 00 P "ii G 15 1 A] 4 00 P IM 8 00 P AI 8 00 P AI 0 00 V AI II !0 A M 12 00 Noon 7 00 F AI 8 00 P AI 8 00 I M 5 00 P M 8 or AI 8 0 I M
In t Aid Class—St ite Police ( o nm ttee on State of Umveisity PuidicWcmcn Club—Dumei
4H Club Paity
Puidue AApmens Club Dmce
Room 304 Union Room 263 Union
1 ast FaruUy Lee Union
Room 35j Union
South Ballioom Union E ist Faculty Lge Union
Pm due Women s Cl ib Budge Tuesday, February 2
Pi A. Te I Dmec South Ballioom Union Co II L Te icluis Aleeting Roo n 261 Union ( I iistim Sc e 1 c A’'ec nm Room 102 Union 1 Phi Oncgi Aleetiu Poon 307 Union Wednesday, February 3 Aiiui ge Coiis«_ AA Fieultv Lge Union V ■'la 1 R'‘cet!n Poom “02 Union li ici V 11 ity CIuis 1 ellow^hm Rcom 307 Union ASCE AletUng Poon 20r C E Building
Thursday, February 4
Scicen leviiw II ill ol Rlusie \ AAinlci Ciiuse So letv A^se nbly Room Ag II ill
Friday, February 5
C smoi litm Club Meeting Poom 01 Union At ithcm itics Dept D inte AA Ficulty Lge Union PI ly shop IheLveofSt AI ii I I li/a Po v ki H ill
Saturday, February 6
child Daily test as the students call them vvcic used on this and othei campuses befoie they weie used as uds in the teaching of phvsics ^ Duly Miittcn iccitations wcie biought into elassi00111 technique m 1938 with the know lode e and con sent of the Pie^idont ol the Umvei sity and in coopei itio i with tl e Di vision cf rduoaticuil Refcicice This method vvis eiielully cuued out toi 1 vci and thni a icpoit ot the VC ii s les dts was submitted o the Piesideitloi Ins con^ideiation The Pie icknt discussc 1 the ic poit t i [ iciiltv me tug 01 Icicd the Div 1= on of I luc ition il Rcfci once to tl 11 m t i cop if the ic jioit to ( ich memlci oi lie Um veisitv st if and 1 ccomn"u'ed hit the ho-^ds of ( cp u *■! leiits u cl chool gwe the icpoit c ii ful coii sici"! ition 1 i ei it V IS p blislit I in the A n ti ic ^ou n il ot Phv su
Oi All us 1910
An ( ng ill f tl iimo th c oi
ARC
Ciuity Ii titutc A. 1 A ll I Tc icluis Mceti 1 Counlv I istitute I iincheon 1 h ta C hi r Ol 1 il ^ n i \i Ope 1 Leeli i e PI A AA ud Pi t PI ly hep Tl e 1 VC ( t St AI 11 1 pi Dell i 1 ho D i 1 e M J
''t( noiiil Union Po ni 55 Union Noith BRlioon Union C h ptc Ho 1 c Rm 2j.l s C oultei Hall Pcom 3G Union I 1 / i Pcwlm II ill Ch ptc House Noi th B I'l ooni L n on
TODAY and MONDAY
A beauty on v a sub avenges Pearl Harbor!
LHiiA
TODAY and TOMORROW
PATRONIZE EXPONFNl ADAMeTISERS
Watch Yaur Pulse! TGGEfilEifS THEY'RE DYNAIVilTE! Their kisses made history in "Honky Tonk” and history is repeating itself'
%
V
ADVANCED BALLROOM Ci ASS OPENS Thins , Feb 4t!i, 7 30 P M LArr For TPCTS JITTCR BUG, HrS>TAT!Ot-l WALTZ AND RUMBA AVILL BT TAUGHT BEGINNERS Class OPENS Wed , Feb 3rd, 7 30 P M STRAIGHT DANCING TAUGHT
ALLEN’S
6lh and Ferry
and •
Also CARTOON FABLES
NOTICE
We pay Ic each for aft hangers in good usuable condifior if brought to our office V/EST SIDE CLEANERS
fill
R„l,ett STERUM ’.li:?
If WILL LIFT ¥@ll
TO TIE sms
>F
Salute to the Navy . in the mightiest sea thriller since "Mutiny / 3 ^n the^ounty”'
/
Gloriously Together in snwDBiTFOKMm/r with Walter BRENNAN Marilyn MAXWELL Henry 0 NEILL Marta LINDEN STARTS TODAY
mahs
time it has been ob^eived by the mstiuctois th it students icveit back into the oil habits of piocias timtio 1 and step pupaniig lessons until tc ts begin ig im An exten sivc c ]Hi iiient w is c uiied out to chcci this rl^-civition and the ic suits vvt e conclusive In 1910 a committee eompo'^ed of one st iti mcnlMi fiom each school ol cngii Cling conducted a siuvey of tl e u 10 cl i s of ibout 800 stu dents *0 c c c n 11 c tne ettcet of the V uk lectitions in phvsics on depen cut com nd the ittitude ol stu knts iL,, 11 111 g i)h\ le eliss loom tc 1 luqiic Ills smvey was 1 nde In n e ins ol a questionnaiic mil i ]5 1 th ci neciin" com imtt'c i id tilled oUi, by tne btudents (See PH\ lie S pai e t)
STARTS TODAY TWO FIRST RUN HITS IjoUne- i4i> jjiPL a mm —as giddy Gildy brings radio’s most unforgeh fable LAUGH fa ihe screen xn-
-plus-
Mi’S A ONi-MAN m&TimdiD Rfleet radio’s famous correspondence school steuth!... Cosmo Jones' /
/
' ' ■( 1 A
Sunday^ January 31, 1943
Boiiermaker SpbHs
PBg0p rnrnimmmtiiiim
Ohio State To Swim Here Saturday
Interfraternity Track , Next On Intramural Schedule Of Events With fiatermty basketball piac tically at a close, inclooi tiack looms into view as the next intiaimnal spoit to appeal on the caiefully piepared interfiatemity athletic contest Febiuary 21 and 25 is the date set foi this annual attraction, and the activities will take place in the Boileimakei Fieldhouse, be ginning at 4 15 on the afternoons of the stated days The few lules of the contest as to paiticipation aie Not moic than two men fiom each house can be entered in each event except the four man lelay Fifty paiticipation points will go to each fiateinity entering at least foui men, ten points wjll be awaided to the vin nei of the meet and five points \\ ill go to the innneiup A tiophy will also go to the house winning the contest and medals will be awaided to the individual winneis Last yeai Pi Beta Phi fiateinity won the contest with a total of 27 points, the Phi Belts wcie second With 15% and Theta Chi thud with
Next Satin day afternoon oi evening, the definite time has not yet been set, S/Wimming tans within an hour’s walk of the Boilermaker Fieldhouse will get one of the biggest ticats of the year when Coach Dick Papenguth’s Boilei maker swimmers play hosCto one of the undisputed thiee best swimming teams in the countiy, Mike Peppe’s boys fioin Ohio State The Buckeye squad boasts a quintet of national AAU champs and a few national intia collegiate champs as well ) A list of these'lads fiom Colum 13 points Schedule of events Wednesday, Febiuaiy 24 4 15 p m —60 Yai d Dash 1 ^Op m—60Yd HuhHuidlcs 4 15 p m—BioadJump 1 15 p m —Shot Put 5 00 p m—SSOYaulRun 5 15 p m—Two Mile Run Ihursday, February 25 4 15p m—60 Yaid Low Huidlcs 4 15 p m —High Jump 1 15 p m —Pole Vault 4 10 p m—440 Yard Dash 4 15 p m —Mile Run 5 00 p m —Relay—4 men, half lap
• Southworth’s
Valentines 'ALWAYS ill TOE MARK
HM&StmV STOSS
308-10 iT/lfC STRC-FJ WLJT LAFA^ CITE INQ
Soifthn oi f/ib
bus who have gained lecognition nationally in the swimming world leads as follows X Pn e Foot Stick Of INF Fust theic rs Kco Nakama, the Hawaiian sensation, who has lit eially been burning up the pools all ovci the Midwest The lad is a sophomoic and holds to his ciedit na tional AAU championships in thiee events, 200, 400, and 1500 mcteis Next, Flank Dempsey, national intei collegiate highboaid diving lhamp Flank also is the piesent 'Western Conference diving champ Millei Andcison is anothei divei on the Buckeye squad who will beai watching Millei holds the National AAU diving championship foi pei foi malices on the high boaid, both indoois and out doois Anothei lad of notability is Foi lansbee back stiokei, lunnei up in the national intei collegiate contest last yeai Foam Will Fly Foi Suie Jim Councilman is the last of the notoiious quintet Tim is a bieaststiokei and hold the*'woild lecoid 111 the 300 metei event, and national AAU championships in the 220 yaid and 200 metei events When Jim and Roy Heidke, Boileimakei bieast sti okei who set two new woild lecoids in the 50 yaid and 50 metei bieast-stioke events at the annual Aquacade heie last Decembei, tangle in the bieast stioke events pist most an'^ thing is liable to happen and whatevei it is, it won’t be dull Dninp Deluxe Ihc diving duimg the meet )nopci will be done fiom the low boaid, houevei at the conclusion of the meet, the diving aiistociacy on the guest team will probably put on an exhibition which will un doubted!y be spectaculai Foi a great number of years thei e has been a till'd of schools in the countiy that have consistently ]iut on championship swimming teams One of these teams hangs out in the Fist, A alt, the other two 1C light ho c in the Big Ten Mich 1 in ind Ohn Stite Don t Mi'-s It last se ison Coacli Papenguth managed to schedule Michigan heie n the Boileimakei pool and this 111 he his done as good a tuiii toi the Rivctci bwimniiiig enthus lists by scheduling the Buds At the picscnt time Ohio State IS iLiniici up to Muhipan for Con Idtncc honoi Ihc Wolveiines cl cd cut a 61 to 50 \ictoiy ovei tnc 1j icks in the meet last season that tlccid d who the Conference Icadci w IS as lai as swimming was concci lied
(Editor’s Note While Joe Dawson is down at Bloomington, Ray Smith takes over the column)
Coach Claude Reeck was looking into the future yesterday afternoon when he sent Dick Baiwegan, sophomoic football star, into the heavyweight bout against Noithwestein This is about the first time in two seasons that the assignment has not been given to Fiank Ruggieri the Big Ten champ Reeck realizes that this is the last season that he will have Ruggieii available, and theiefore will send Barwegan in when the opportunity piesents itself Ruggieii was fiist in the Big Ten, thud in the Nationals, and undefeated in dual meet competition last season ► Novel Track Meet Yesterday afternoon found a novel track meet in the Fieldhouse when the Riveters played host to the Indiana lunneis Both the varsity and the fieshman lunners weie engaged in competition during the afternoon with the fieshman events being sandwiched in between the varsity races The fieshmen were as efficient in providing excitement foi the crowd as the varsity, nV fact they sometimes surpassed the varsity ^ Bojinoff Shines In the 60 yaid low hurdles Mike Bojinoff was the winner foi the Boil ei maker frosh in 7 2 seconds—two-tenths of a second faster than Steele of I U covered the distance in the vaisity race Walt Blum, Rivetei fieshman, topped the vaisity men fiom both schools in the high jump as he cleared the bai at 6 ft 2 in ^ Frosh Relay Team Good The Boileimakei ihinies left the Indiana lunneis in a cloud of dust in the two mile relay as they completed the sixteen laps in 8 51 The race was fairly close when Swagei gave the baton to Nielson, but at this time the Riveters went ahead Nielson stalled out like he was running the hundred and amazed everyone by keeping this pace foi a good part of his half mile Erickson and Kandis each lengthened the lead as he took over the baton , ► Seward Wins Two Mile Ed Sewaid ran a nice race to come from behind and nose out Chuck Dueslei in the two mile event Both men had previously run the mile with Chuck taking thud place
Intramural Schedules
BASKETBALI Monday Feb 1 C it 3 J hnson )) Ui it 2 \Unit 1 > Unit i vs Dnit 5 8 10—Unit 4 vs Unit 6 S 2o -Dclti Up lion vs B ti Si^r Coiit 1 BurL-hardt Mii^nin 00 ‘'cicia \s Phi Delta Ihcti '■ —Ak Chem vs Ward 1 S 10 Ward b vs Waid 22 8 o Wad 11 vb Ward 3
Ihc int i fi itcinity nfi meet will stat Idr ly ) A irutic rhcdule bcpmninj, n 1 V ev nmt, I eb 1 Ins been in aij^ed ind will eontiniie Ihioukh the week jrivinj; eh 1 u e tw t ictic lounds Ammuni tj n m ii 1 e I I (ha ed at thr* cheek out loom 1 taeelb will I f rnishetl fiee Three will c mi et IS tc im AiranKe yoiii T e mp tition tj determine the personnel f V i t in 11 f ilowinj, houses v ill h n 1 laetiee Me n J iv evcninj? ■5 00 \eic Alpha Chi Rho Alpha Ga n n i Rh 00 Aloha Kupi I ambd i Mpha
NOW PLAYING
PARENTS LIKE TO STAY IN THE UNION CLUB Because they want to be near College Activities an(i You. UNION CLUB ROOMS arc comfortable and well furnished and give that sense of well being that is restful and makes visits pleasantly remembered. Whenever guests come to the campus, the friendly service of the Union Club welcomes them. JhjL PmAjsIjuul TflmufuaL lAmmL The Cotnei of the Campus— the Center of Activities
Indiana Ruriners Tate Opener From Riveters Indiana’s track team handed the Riveter squad its first defeat of the CLUient indoor season, which opened yesterday afternoon in the Boilermaker Fieldhouse, by the score of 70-34. Opening the meet with plenty of action was the one-mile rttn. Kinder of the Riveter squad took the lead at the crack of the gun and held it until there were two laps to go, Labotka of ■— — - Indiana closed slowly on him
Wrestlers Win Four Matches From Wildcats
and in the stretch took the lead to defeat Kinder by four-
tenths of a second
In the 60-yard dash, Bancker of Purdue led a closely bunched pack across the finish line. Indiana captured firsts in every running event excepting the 60 yaid dash and the two mile run Sewaid of Purdue won the latter event breaking the tape before Dueslei of Purdue and Labotka of
Winning four of seven matches the Boilermaker wisellers brought then lecoid up to the 500 per cent mark as they toppled the Noith western giapplets by a 21-13 count Matovina Nettesheim, Claseman
and Eviston took then matches to Excitement reigned during score for the Boilermakers ^his gruellmg
Northwestern jumped into an
eaily lead when Webei pinned Vei P''^'®'^ ^’'® P*®’*^ <^^®
non Singleton in the 121 pound class This was the second defeat of the season foi Singleton, a new comer to the squad this season Platt Loses In the next bout the 'Wildcats were able to add a few more points to then lead as Nether cotte the Northwestern 128 poundei took a close decision fiom Bob Platt, another newcomer to the Ri\ etei team this season Bieaking into the winning col rimn for the first time during the afteinoon the Boilermakers closed the gap in the score as Mark Mato Vina, Big Ten 136 pound champion of last season won his match from
first lap and then settled down toa steady run, with a comfortable lead separating him from the runnels Dueslei held this lead for twelve laps befoie Seward of Purdue who had been steadily gaming on him overtook him During the last tour laps the lead changed hands several times Reward finished the race about four feet ahead ot Dieslei Duesler also took third
place in the mile run II Dominates Shot Put
Indiana captured all the honors in the shot put Sabin placed first with a heave of 46 ft 3 in Glassei and Hasapes were the two other men who scored points for Indiana
ma Phi Alpha Tail Omega 00—Beta Sigma Ps Beta Theta P i DlUi Chi 8 00—Delta Tau Delta Delta Upbilon K ippa Delta Rho Ihc ill campus pint pong tournament will stait Ftbruirv 1th Any student or stilt member wishing t entei m this contest will find entry blanks on the Intramural Bulletin Board oi on the bulletin board in th b isoment of the men s gym Please be me that you have jour name entered by Fobiuiij ^ in order that the schedule may be drawn up at that time The fe Bowing squash matches will be pi ivod Monday evening Court 1— 7 00—friangle vs 1 lu Epsilon 1 hi 8 00—Pi K ippa Phi V Theta Chi C( uit d — " 00 PI 1 Kappa Psi v Sigma Pi 8 00—Alphi fau Omega vs Phi B ippa fall Couit 1— " OO Phi G imma Delta \s K ippa Sigm i S 00—Theta Xi vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon
Shook of Northwestern in the 136 m this event pound class In the 60 yaid low hurdles Steele Nettesheim Wins 145 of Indiana again cleared the timDan Nettesheim the outstanding beis in good form and received top sophomore on the squad kept the honors He was closely followed by Riveter points mounting as Ire Long of Indiana and Livinghouse of pinned Noithwestein s Morgan in a Purdue 145 pound tussle This is the second Biebnei of Purdue and Johnson victory in as many bouts lor Nette of Indiana tied for first in the high sheim, having won the 136 pound jump Nihan of Purdue placed thud match at Indiana last week The bioad jump was worTby Long The Riveteis took then thud con of Indiana who was also a member
secutive match from the Wildcats when Roger Claseman veteran 155 pounder of last year s team, de cisioned Ivy oi Northwestern in a 155 pound match This was the hist meet ol rhe year for Claseman Lvrston Victoi Warren Eviston who suffered a knee injury at Indiana came back yesterday afternoon to take a de cision from Wildcat Wojciechowski 111 a 175 pound encounter In the heavj^weight division the Boilermakers dropped a decision to Noithwestein as sophomoie Dick Baixvegan was pinned by Ivy of the Wildcats It was Baiwef,an’s first appearance on the mat for the Riv etcis
AMERICAN LAUNDRY
mp u&ur
ot the mile relay team which placed first nr this event The pole vault was won by Coleman of Indiana The final score ot the meet was Indiana, 70, Purdue, 34 I rosh Teams Compete At the same time of this meet, the fieshman teams of the tWo schools were also competing against each other The Riveter freshmen defeated the Indiana frosh by 3124 In Older to conseiwe on vitally needed rubber and gasoline the fieshmen squads held their meet on the same date Competition among the frosh was keener and in several events they turned in better times than the members of the two varsity teams This held tiue in the dashes and in the broad jump Steele of Indiana had a jump of 21 ft, 1 in to his credit in taking first place in this event Bojinoff the fieshman flash of the Boilermakers placed first m the 60 yard low hurdles, second in the 60 vaid dash and took second place in the 60 jaid high hurdles
Summary
Ol i, y^il Rl n Won Labotka Indiana Ivin Ki Burdiit actond Dataller Purdut 111 rd Fim 1 J1 bij YarJ Das i Won bv Banckcr Purdug Nioh 1 Indi in i socond Colomun Indiana Ih r i im I f b 4 111 Yard Dash Won by Pnev Indiana Vr h Pur lu sovoi d Odell Indiana hii I Iimt 1 1 I ) \irl Hi„h Huidlib W n by StotK Ii I i lohn Indiana second Barries Pi 111 th rd 1 me 0© > t I \S i Li bub in Inuiana Glas 1 ni Lc>rd Ha-rapts Indiana 1 1 r 1 Di t c U ft dm I Ml Pi W n bi S ward Pxirduu D c i Purdue ccund L ibotka Indiana.
In 10 I
\ i I R n We)n by McClure Indi-tnt., ^ li ini ceoiid Kuieltr Pnrduu,
il 1 I
f ' i I I u lUird! s Won by Stetle • 1 ' I • \n i M.cond LLvmgr I I h i 1 lilt 0 > On ''III R I \ W n Ia Indian i tNialj1 Oil! leLlir ) Puidue JxxontL
mp Bru nci
Ihese days you must get as much service as possible from each dress m your wardrobe. In this, "clothes say ing headquarters” is your ally Our experts have the skill required to restore the fresh beauty of the fabric and retain the gar ment s smart style lines For more clothes' mtleage”, phone us.
11 h i mp Bru nn P\ r luc and John I I 1 nt li d f t r t Nihm Purduc
t i 1 }• ht I '*t I I I
I 1 Jinij W n 1 la Indiana Liv
1 J 1 11 lu cond J h^iaun^
til I D t c DU in
PI Vailt Won li C tmin (ndlaiVH \ wmu r rli »H.ond Nichoib
il i 1 i ht D 11 L m
I n il c Indiana 0 Purduc 34.
Ire'ihmm Meet bummary
Ol Mill. R I li \V n I InUani n ,, iv Si 1 ar Del arl Purdiic 'second
1 ni 1 os
Mik RtliN W i l>> Purdm. (Swagrer I Li K-s j Kandi ) Imimna. s»Ce-
\ K ^ I I I
I Dj h W i bi H ir> > Purdue 1 j ^ I idi Leon 1 btetl Intbana
t 1 I n M
) \ i 1 lo \ Hurd o W n b> Bojinoff 1 i I h I Indiani second Smith I lie thn 1 I mt 0 \ i 1 H a! Hu d L — Won by MiteheJI III Djin d PurluL 'scejnd Smith I u hii I I mt U 8 B d J { Won by Suel Indiana Jor1 r ec cl Disiui e ..I ft t ii H 1 Jumj W r by Blum Purdu ^ t ^ I h I t seeon H i«,ht 0 It .. m Alpha Sigma Phi 'sociil ti itcimtj announces the mitiition ol the following men 1 avtnian Jacobs Ntwpoit News, \ 1 Robe it Alien Hammond, Robc t 3' luoetl Rivti Foiest, IR; Doiulis Mie\ai\ laPorte!^ Don t ol isitt Detroit Mieh , and Dan Blown Vnderson They also announet the pledging ot the followmg Harold Heath Monticello, Jim Hughe J. Flhottville, N Y , Don S ixton Beimis Point, N Y, and Paul A Smith, DecaturfjmT' ’f,;--'**) '
i '
Purdue Exponent
»IK, ''Vi , f,'
Sunday^ January 31, i943'
Speech Clinic Enters Nineteenth Year
English Department Offers Students Individual Help
Problems For Fun
By Anna Mae Craig:
In 1925 when an enfjineering: student with a hampering: speech defect was sent to the speech instruc-
Personnel Notes Home Et School Offers
New Cookery Course
Phi Kappa Sigma . . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of the following men: Jack Criste, Warren, Ohio; Charles V. Culbertson, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania; William Jennings, Arlington, New Jersey; Gerhard Pox, Elizabeth, New Jersey; William Jontz, Blythesville, Arkansas; Robert A. Kraay, Hammond; Walter P. Jones, Warren, Ohio; Frederick
Companies Scheduled to Visit
Campus:
Ingersoll-Kand Co., New York
City — February 1. Interested in Due to the need for instruction in
April and August ME, EE. Sign in the methods of canning foods, the Muncie; George T. Kern,
To facilitate their consideration. Personnel Office by Saturday noon. University’s School of Home Eco- Vincennes; Richard Ward, West r. f tue «v<r«nwatiou ®°^“tions should be submitted on January 30. . nomics is offering a newly author-*-’.5 separate signed sheets, before 4:30 Curtiss-Wright Corporation, Pas- ized course on the “Problems of
Lafayette; Richard Ryder, Shelby, Ohio; Lee Smith, Shelby, Ohio; Rob-
Iv/icTon Ac fii-kTO V-zUl liao" Tf 1 i |iUl tt nuii, Art.'S- JZiCtl LUUtbL- VIII LUL. 1U UlVilllS Oi ^ -r ^ y-v-.i-.-i T^1. Sen^tere sent to ^ew Jersey—February 4 and Wartime Cookery”. This now course Johnson, Oak Park, Illinois; passed, othei students weie sen^ 5. Interested in all engineers. -
the speech instructor for individ ual training. Since there was no
with each solution a signed statement that the solution was obtained
rodm in which the instructor and unassisted. Solutions are to be students could hold class, they met Mathematics iniittle groups in the hall or in the office- i
coi-ner of an office. As the need for prqBLEM 4 •
special work on speech correction n-n is divisible by 6 became more apparent, the speech „ department secured rooms in the sqlUTION OF PROBLEM 3: basement of University Hall. Contrary to the statement of this Since the time of its humble be- there are four solutions ginning, the Speech Clinic has as was pointed out by two students, grown in size and importance on Astrahan and J. Robert Mc-
campus, and now it occupies the en- j^. tire basement of University Hall. These’solutions are:
The basement is divided into Severn! rooms which are used as reception room, offices, and laboratories.
First Headed By Steer
.In 1935 Professor Mack Steer was made diiector of the Clinic. Recently he obtained a leave of ab-
sence irom the University to serve published re Wjth the Navy. At the present time qui,g,uents of the problem this
will also be offered during the sum-
mer and fall terms.
Subject matter of the course.
and Alvin C. Dyer, Shaker Heights,
Ohio.
Notices
York Ice Machinery Corporation,
York, Pa.—Interested in ME, ChE, .which is under the general direction PSE. Sign in Personnel Office by of Dr. Gertude M. Sunderlin, assistWednesday, February 3. aot professor of foods and nutriU. S. Civil Service Commission, includes methods of preserv-
Washington, D. C.—Senior students foods; the use of substitutes for No Notices will i.e accepted for this column
rationed and restricted foods; the after 6 p. m. on the day preceding the issue. use of meat substitutes and extend- Enffli.sh and Speech Exams: Make -up exams
947
477
159
189
11
21
63
53
947
477
477
567
947
954
954
945
10417
10017
10017
10017
with major study in any field may now become qualified for positions as Junior Engineer. For further information, inquire at the Person-
nel Office at once.
.4merican Can Company,' Maywood, 111.—Interested in chemists, All Students metallurgists, and chemical engi-
neers.
Ken-Rad Tube & Lamp Corpora-
inelnrlino’ .-mrVipnnc -inel ■Mtpi.* for btudentb with Conditions in Enitlish and CIS, including soyneans and then will be held on Saturday afternoon. products, and the use of dehydrated 30, at l o’clock m Room 201, University
Hall. Kcmoval-of-condition cards should be
foods.
... in Air Corps Enlisted Reserve who enlisted for subsequent
obtained by Friday precedinj? the examination from the Englibh olTicc, 108 University Hall. —CREEK Students: Who would like part time worT< should get in touch with the Dean of Men's Ollice. —GOLDSMITH
tion, Owenslioro, Kentucky—Inter- appointment as Aviation Cadets for ested in men or women who have Meteorology training have had tiaining in physics or electrical en- their deferred status terminated, or gineering. it will be terminated, at the end of
their first semester in 1943. Iii the
The University of Dctioit is pre- University’s case the dcfeired Friday!'’Fubiuary
Interfraternity Presidents Council: Members may get their council keys at the Fraternity Affaiib Office —MORGAN
Conditions: Examinations for the removal of conditions and incompletes in History, Economics and Government will be held on Saturday. February (5, at 1 p m. in room 3DL Recitation Building. Application must be made at th(‘ History office not later than “ “ • —ESTEY
the.Clinic is under the supervision gj^giej.Q„ product should have had to second naval avia- status would teiminate on April
T-*.. T TV/f*. ^ -firvut c*/~. n/-Iv. 4-'U.-x 20
of- Dr. James Curtis, Mr. Burrell Hansen, Dr. Jeanette Anderson, Miss feette Eckenbout, and Mr. Oi'vil C. Miller. Besides teaching i^gulur. cla.sses. these in.stiuctors spfcnd time each day helping students with their individual ])rob-
lenis.
At the beginning ol each tcim, when new students aie given then Physical examination, they must pass thi'ough the speech station. Here the .students’ spealcing ability
the form:
tion squadron to the wars.
Try an Exponent Classified!
XXX X X 4
X X X 1 7
Physics
(Continued from page 2)
is tested bj- means of a tongue during their classes in the schools
twfister. Those students with serious of engineering,
speech defects are asked to lepoit The committee analyzed the data to the Speech Clinic. Tabulation of and submittted a thorough repoit the results of tests given last fall of its findings to Dean Pottei and show that 36.6 per cent of the men President Elliott. The report is and 34.1 per cent of the women have available to anyone interested in the nbticeable speech defects. Of this subject. The analysis showed that number, 13.4 per cent of the men one yeai- altei the students had finahd 7.2 pei cent of the women weie ished their physics a good majority rfeferred to the clinic for treatment, still favored the test method of Attendance is not compulsoiy, learning physics. The analysis also but those students who aie inter- showed that grades of these stuested m improving theii speech, ai- dents in dependent courses showed rgnge with the staff to come for a a trend upwaids lathei than down-
half hour’s work, twice a week. wards.
Recordings .'\re Used laboratory experiments aie . One of the most interesting standard experiments vhich aie rooms in the Clinic is the one con- R'^en in tlie best colleges and unitgining all the machines and '"eisities of the countiy. 3 he test gadgets for recording the voice. A each e.xperimcnt is an recoiding of the voice proves to ^^dod feature which has the ajibc a great help in coriecting speech of host teachers ol ph>sfaults. Besides, students always get instiuctors in Physics 21 a thiill fiom heaung theii own Physics 22 recitations arc all f voice on recording. Sometimes cxpeiienced teachers, most of w'hom though, they aie surprised as well either Masteis’ or Doctor.s’ deas disappointed when they hear a R*oes. The lahoiatoi,^' instiuctors high, piercing, unpleasant voice aie giaduate assistants who have come back over the speaker and aiajored in Physics and who have I’ealize that they sound that way all experience in teaching, the time. The most familiar ex- With these brief statements it is pression at the Speech Clinic is a hoped that a better understanding puzzling queiy, “Can that be me ?” of the background of classroom Befoie the wai, actual lecordings technique in Physics 21 and Physic^ were made and kept as permanent "'*11 lead to better results in records, but now’ this is impossible teaching, especially during these since discs can no longer be oh- nerve shatteiing times of war.
EXCLUSIVE DECCA RECORDING ARTIST Latesf Platfers Sfrictly Inslrumental He Wears a Pair of Silver Wings Trains in Ihe NightMad About Him, Sad Without Him, How Can I Be Glad Without Him Blues
THE FOSTER SHOP
East Side of Square
Phone 4900
Lost and Found: All lost and found articles in the Senate office not claimed by February 1 will be sold. —MOYNHAN Alpha Phi Omcflra: ftallclujah I Keys have arrived. See Bender, 264W, Chry Hall.
—KUCK
CE 41: An examination for the removal of conditions and incompletes in CE 41 will be held in room 12r>, Heavilon Hall, 1:30 to 4:80 p. m., Saturday, Fob. 6. Permission to lake Iho examination .must be obtained from the undersigned before Feb. 4.
—GKEVE
Saturday, January .30, at 1 p. m., room ME Playshop Ushers: All those interested in ushering for the next Playshop production, “The Eve of St. Mark”, plea.se call Fowler Hull, 4269, and leave name. Committee meeting called later. —DUKE Lutheran Students: Don’t forget our do^otional meeting this Sunday evening, Jan. 31, at 7:30, in room 307 of the Union. —WALLACE Scabbard and Blade: Meeting Wednesday, Feb. 3, 7:30 p. m., in romo 363 of the Union. Election of pledges. - HECKARD AWS: AWS executive board meeting on Thursday, Feb. 4, at 6 p. m. at the AWS office. — ROBLEE Kappa Psi: Meeting Wednesday, Feb. 3, at 7:30 p. m. in loom 212 of the Union.
—THOMS
Found: A wrist watch ;n iront of the Kappa house. Owner please call 7801 and ask for Ted Blank. —BLANK Gimlet Pledges and Actives: Meeting Tuesday, Feb. 2, at Phi Psi house at 7 p. m.
—MENKE
Alpha Phi Omega: Important meeting for nil active.s this Tuesday, Feb. 2, at 7:30 in room 307. To decided on new members and hear committee reports. New date for dance will be announced. -GOSSWEIN WAA Ping Pong Tournament: First match must be played by Feb, 5: Delore Gullstrom vs. Ellen Clark: Dorothy Jones \s bye: Faye Grmpper vs. Eva Williamson: Bea Burglar vs. bve ; Pat Hennis \b. bye; Marion Lafuse \s. Elizabeth Miller, Dons Habnenstein vs. bye : Harriett Whyte vs. Betty King. Make >our own arrangement*, lor matches -WATERBURY A. Ph. A.: Mooting in Room 302 of the Union at 7:30 p. m. AU members should attend. Important. —HARDING Scriveners: Meeting tonight at 7,30 in room 263 of the Union Please eomo and bring manusci ipts. DROY
Camera Club: SiBU for rlarkroom lockora r at west desk, All lockers not siBned for bVij Feb. 12 will be broken open for new members. —HAYWARD Hillcl Members: RoBular Sunday mcctinB 1 , of Hillol today at the Hillel House. Supper dancinK and progrnm. Bo sure to bo there, i
-Tl
-HIRSCHFIKLD
Reamers: Mectingr Monday, Feb. 1, at 7:80 in room HOT of the Union. I’ledBc.s meet at,’ 7 :a0. —BRAY Playshop SiBht Crew: We will work Mon-^ day and Tuesday afternoon at 4 p. m. Teen.'* meal rehearsal Wednesday nlBht. Eyw-. body be there. —MARTINDALE , WAA Shuffleboard Tournament: First; match must bo played by Feb. 6. HenniS vs. Ann Waterbiiry; Betty Kins ya. Eva,, Williamson : Faye Grippper vs. Amelia Taylor Make your own i'-rrnnBemcnts for Ltches. -WATERBURY
Classified Ads
Money to loan on diamoni(S, watebas, gunaj InggaBi'. typewritetsr Albert’s Loan Office, 407 Columbia. Typewriters—Adding Machines, all makci bold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. J. Ebershoff. 606 Mhin,^ Lafayette. Phone 2770. Lost—Solitary Tillany diamond engagement ring. Phone 8439. Liberal reward. Wanted—Students interested in pev„ the Exponent. Call Exponent. 4005. Ask Kroepliii. Lost—Black wallet in Ficldhouse Friday between 4 and .7. Please return to west desk of Union. Lost—Silver bracelet in Union Thurndhy night Name "Tommie” on it. Call 2616. ■'
Everything for a College Education DEAL’S
Southworth’s
Prof. R. B. Abbott, Pliybics Pi’ol. C. W. Caldwell, E. E,
tRined. Now recordings aie made by means of the magnetic tape machine. Students deliver a one minute speech or announcement which is preseived as local vaiiations in the magnetization of a steel tape. By turning a switch, the lecorded speech is immediately jilayed back and the fun begins. Aftei seveial months of conscientiou.s effoi t and \york on the pai t of students and Uistiuctors, anothei lecoiding is made. Almost invarialily the improvement in speaking ability is
gratifying.
Long Writes On Nursing
' 0i'. Alma Long, of tlie Division of -Education and Ajiplied Psychol-
ogy, has been diiecling an exten- iug lield Tuesday sjve expeiimental study of liealth evenings with three
and home nuising ))i oblems. The quiied foi’ entiance in the tourney results of this liave lieen conipiieil "Intli 'm11 liegin cail\ next month, in a new book, “Home Health and Both singles and douldes lourna-
Nursing,” which is expected to he nients will he lield off the press by the fust of Aiiiil. —WAA—
The jnesent action of the ma- Model n dancers practice eveiy tei’ial has pi oven to he most mtei- Tuesday. Wednesday and Fiiday esting and valuable to the pupils of aftei noons at 1 in tlie g,\ni. 'fhe the expciiment; thei efoie, tlie book <oeds aie now jnacticing then own
and niti'i jii etal loll of Ravil's “Bolero”.
Fencing inactices are being held eveiy Monday and J’hursday afteinoons at 4, accoiding to Jean Blackman, fencing head Instruction will he given to any coeds v ho aie Intel ested in this unusual siiort.
—WAA—
Pledging for new ’I’liton niemheis will be held at the meeting Feb. 2. IJiita Kiaoiielien, piesident, urges all swimmeis to tiy to pass the seven tests necc'ssai’.v foi membeisliip. 11 at fiist you don’t succeed, you can tiy again—any time until jiledging.
—WAA—
Piactices Jor badminton are he-
and 'riiinsday liiaclices re-
is being piepared for .schopl
geneial distiihution. Alumni Tell
(Continued fiom page 1) Ankaia, Tuikey. He was letuining Iroin a bombing laid on Rumanian oil fields. He and the othei twenty-eight flyers from the homheis loiced down weie given the lieedom which Apkara provided if they iiromised not to escaiie, Lt. West and nine others have subsequently letuiiied to Uu'ii .squaiiion.
'I'he L'ni\('isity oj Californm has .519 hooks K'dnced to miciolilin. Students and faculty at the IJniveisity of Wisconsin may study ladio code 111 the* (‘veiling now as a le'Lilt of estahlislunent of two new evening ilasse- h.^ RO'l'C.
CNRICHED- BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
GIFTS FOR A VALENTINE
SwsL flmt ^npipmmL h) a. TYlmi. in, Ojimif SsihvksL
Visit the Downstairs
GIFT SHOP
★ ic Use Our ^^Setection Service’’ ^ A complete hclcclion ol gills lor your vtdentine billed with Soiithworlh’s eourleous service. WE WRAP PACKAGES FOR MAILING
NECKTIES lOc each 6 for 50c 12 for $1.00 Expert Service In Our Pride and Joy
Phone 4081
DELIVERY FREE
Norf-hwestern at Vine Street
-eom-
mmi BCCK^SirPLY STORE
308-10 ITATE ITREtT WEST LAFAYETTE INQ
Southworth’s
TAKE HER TQ THE STATIOM in a YELLOW CAB Dial 5023 — 3071
A;
V I
\ I