/f;
'■ •
Iflfl
fT> C
established 1^889
AuthoF To Gke Readings f^Fom Po0m$ RFesehtkig * Epic Cycle Qf The West'
.. ■ ' 'lliiii»'.1%*'fiiihir
Wesf |^ai]i^
21/ 1942
John G. ■ Neihardt, distinguished American poet, literary critic and public speaker, will present readings from his “Epic Cycle Of the West,” a poetical story of the westward advance of the white race to the Pacific with its attendant ruinous effect on the Indian tribes, at a Music Hall convocation next'
Friday at 7:30, /
Neihardt’s e^ic, his most recently completed work, consists of five songs, each containing a series of poems dealing with life and events in the __— !
west during pioneer days. Much of the local color and atnaosphere of the work is due to Neihardt’s close association with .Indians and old-timers of the west and his intimate knowledge of the country in which the events
took place.
Received Scroll Medal In ’36 The Gold Scroll Medal of Honor was awarded to Neihardt in 1&36 as foreniost. poet of the nation for his “The Song of the Messiah,”
Lt. Commander Hart
.
A^m>/ Offices
Jpnims, Seniors ^ 4
lackson Will Give Wel’cotiiiitg Sperech Purdue Order of Military Merit
M Oedka^^
'' iy-Bill:HoSkh»a
Atom-Chasers convention came to an end last night with the last meeting of the two-day program dedicating the new Charles Benedict Stuart laboratory of Applied Physics, The final session included a speech by President E lliott and a popular-lecture and demonstration
on the use and applications of the electron nticroseopei
Taking time out trom pjreparatidh for his new job as Coordinator of Civilian War Training, President Elliothj in an immaculate white suit and pale Wue tie, stated to assembled
which will be part of his reading will hold a banquet tonight at 6:30 at the convocation, in the Hast Faculty Lounge of the ^ ;' Now on a series, of popular lee- Union to welcome new members tures apj appeai;ances in various into the organization. R. J. Ball will universities as guest lecturer, Nei- act as toastmaster, A. L. Jackson, hardt bases his talks on 26 years captain, will, give the welcoming experience as literary critic, the last speech, and E. W. Taylor, pledge twelve as Literary Editor of the St. captain, will respond. The guest Louis Post Dispatch. speaker, Lt. Commander Hart, Much Favorable Comment USNR, commanding officer of the Neihardt’s appearances in uni- Navy Electrical Training School , versities as guest lecturer have here, will talk on Navy training at elicited many favorable comments the University and life in the navy, because of his ability to interpret Lt. Commander Hart, a veteran l^is own pioetry as well as the poetry of World War One, organized the I of others. Naval Electrical Training School at ,. Faculties of universities where St. Louis, and, prior to his arrival he has appeared have universally here, reorganized the Navy Signallauded him on his ability to make men and Radiomen School at the V poetry “living and compelling,” his University of Chicago,
excellent extemporaneous speaking, Initiates Named
and his philosophy and insight into , The following will be ■ initiated wprld affairs. prior to the banquet: Seniors—J. P. } Proficient In Three Arts ' Ancker, J. W. Carter, D. R. CourtNeihardt o.Ven appears on pro- ney, R. W. Deuster, R. H. Dilts, R. , grams with his son Sigurd as ac- C. Gullion, R. Hopley, A. H. Hus-
( , .-f ''‘^ v j'Jr/. . f . me, jrrusiueiiL xamubb, m an iiimmcumie wiiiuc attu psue mue. tie, sjtawju to asse Members of tleMilifafy Hep^rtmefit wilTexblain ^ juniors pbyg^cists and interested laymen, “We-kndw in this tragic year of 1942 that the lowly group
and seniors the recently announced^ plan; for voluntary en- of physicists has come inta its;
listment of qualified male students in the Enlisted i^eserye opening session on Friday.; liight. Dr. Larli-Horovitz paid tribute to the beneCorps and the application of the program to them University factor Stuart and to the wisdom bf his wife in contributing funds allocated to build-
standing tomorrojw afternoon at 4. The meeting for juniors the laboratories.
will be held in ropni 101 of Michael Golden shops and for Eulogizing. Boa,rd of Trusteesi, pj:esi.dent David E., K supporf. of the project. Larkseniors in room 129 pf the Electrical Engineering building. Horovitz stated, “We are fortun'ate.indeed- that David; Ross . '. '. has a real understanding
Enlistee May Continue College .
; Similar meetings, explaining how students may continue their college training as members of the Enlisted Reserves were held for freshmen and —^— ^ —
sophomores last Thursday. The purpose of the new program is to insure a future source of qualified officer candidates from college graduates for the armed forces. Military .officials wish to point out that although it is the plan to allow all students enlisted in the program to finish school, the Secretary of War may call to active duty members of the Enlisted Reserves at any time in case the necessity of war de-
mands.
Required To Take Exam
for the necessities of creative work that he was able to find the support of the other mOinbers of the Board in his determination that everything mu^it be done to develop productive research on this cam-
pus;.”-‘
Dr. E. U/Condon, associate
Student'^ Handle Magnesium Units
(See NEIHARDT, page 4)
sung, S. E. Kaiser, J. D. Kara, F. King, C. W. Leber, W. K. Lewright, J. R. Lottes, W. F. McCaughey, R. M. McKee, P. G. Magner, N. EMarozick, W. J. Meyer, R. E. Meyers, 1. R. Meyers, W. B. M.onical,
and R. W. Scott./*
Others are N. Spetner, R.W.TayI ' 4*1 /*! ’ W. H. Traylor, III r CM I / LIdSSBS J- VanCamp, ,J. R. • ^ Vanderford,F. J. Vollmer,.B, J. VisI According to Dr. Eastwood, head i" and G. R. Wolter. Juniors—J..C. of the PEM 12 courses at the Uni- Aull, F. L. Baynes, M. R. Chapin,
Students, in the Wax Department Civilian Protection School went through a realistic drill in the. use
,,, , . of various methods of incendiary ^ All students who enlist m the Friday afternoon. Army Enlisted Reserve Corps shall a chance to
be requiretl to take a qualifying examination on or before a fixed num-, her of months from the beginning
of their first college year. Examina- Indefinite Series fiona shall be given more than once This demonstration took place a ydar, aiid ah^i student may elect during the first of an injefinite seto take the examination at any time of ten-day schools under the when it is given prior to the time direction of Chemical
Scabbqrd And Bladte To Hold Dance Fridoy Scabbard Blade, military honorary, will open the sum-
mer formal spasdn Friday night with .a dance to introduce j- .j. their 1942 sunimer sesffiQn; pledges./Ity -Given will splays Westinghouse the dance, Whiph will be held in: the North Ballroom of the made Union : . the opening ad,(lfess Friday night ■ ' ' .on “physics- in Industry,” citing The affair will have a definitely military air. At 8:30 the historic facts, ccncerned with the committee in charge of the dance, will march into the ball- <levelppinent of modern physics, and ——— —_—— room and officially present the pressing need for
tfence to (%ta^ Max Spencer,
The iPledging ceremony, : Ilighlightihg the conference from adopted; with enthusiasm last the pmnt of view of laymen who ' yearS''from the Universitj^ bf kn^w Uttle or nothing of the higher Illinois chapter of Scabbard and theoretical physics Blade, will ioe repeated this semes- I’he. popular lecture on the terJ Dr. J. A. The pfedghs will be presented to of Bgll Telephone laboraCaptaip’Bpehce/by pledge captgiijs toHeg; last night, and Dr. D. W-.
Local Pianists ToPiayt^^ In Union At 4
Ruth and Noel Lee, young West Rotett^McKee and V^&er. Ketst’s^talk yesterday afternoon on W«vf«re preset .h The pledges Svili mhrch through the “Design and Construction of the Waifare two-piano concert m the Music Twenty-MiU^p Volt Betatron.”
signed to train instructors for vari- ..i - ...a thenJie presented with their ribbQns Thg principle of the electron mi-
W. C. Lester, S. Mnhl, L. S. Phillip, R. E. Porter, and R, C,. Sleeper,
Religious Conference
As General Secretly
versity, unusual interest in the national athletic honorary, Sigma Delta Phi has been shown. Because of this interest, the Division of Physical Education is establishing special squads within certain divisions
^ Sefeds Dr. R. Holland
Spigcial Instruction Offered These special group.s. will be held
in conjunction with Divisipris N and
P, Tuesday 4, to 0 and Thursday at . .. ,.. . 4 to 6. Special instruction in the Selection of Dr. Ralph L. Holland, test events for the honorary will be Carrollton Ayenue given at these hours. As well, dur- Evangelical and Reformed Chm-ch, jng these same periods the group I;'*i'Ija,napolis, to succeed Di. E. T. interested will have tjae opportunity Albortgon, also o^ Indianapolis, as of-passing the test for locpl or na- general secretary highlighted the tionaL membership. ' closing sessions of the seyentyAt' the first meeting held last eighth annual convention of the InThursday, 16 students were pres- hiana Council of Christian Educaent. Plans were.' discussed for tion at the University Friday, pledgeship and initiation of new ■^Ihertspn Retiiing ^ members', the latter to take place Dr. Albertson, who is retiring at the thirJ week in August. his own request as general secreA bulletin board, across from the tary after a quarter-century of intrainural check out window will service, was paid a real tribute at give information in the future as to ** special ceremony at noon. A. E. where and where those interested Keinmer, of Lafayette, member of may pass the tests. Any question ^he board of directors, presented will gladly be answered by the of- Dr. Alheytsop, who was napapfi s.ecfices of the local organization or by vetary emeritus, with a sh^at of “Chief” Clevett, national president testimonial letters as well as $300
limit, but no 'student may take the Service officers. The schools are- de- Room of the Union this afternoon
examination more than once. signed to train instructors for vari- at! 4 p. m. Ruth and-Noel are the _ Students-enlisted in the Reserve "pities in tlm Fifth, Sixth children of Professor C..a Lee of - eriis-t^whefirabS^s ai^
Corps who pass the examination Seventh Defense Regigns, which the Pharmaey'School.^^^ ■ ^ Biada Ke/-IJar 0^
and receive a grade above a certain comprise ^ 6 midwestern states. The Leaving Eor Haryard bn Abdwili'fie shown electrons, level will be permitted to continue wi'SieraeJ^S Noel recently won. a full-tuition thfe blade; Ley find bar of: thd^b- ari^.^/an .even .larger amount their college course on an inactive a e ntigeney igsis. scholarship to ; Harvard; and wiU bardAnd Blaiie organiz^ion grid the a stream of
reserve status. Students who fail to The rapid action of the thermit leave tomorrow for the summer ses- hame/of the pledges, which'Will.'he elejitrohs./irpm: an outside source, reach the prescribed level will be units, which are normally used m sion there. He plans to major in mq- uncoYered.dfiririg the pledging chre-
ordered to active duty in an enlisted incendiary bombs to ignite the. mag- sic. Both Ruth and Noel giraduated mofiyr ^ * ' ’ . '' -Eleeferofis are passed from the status at the end of the semester nesium, was shown when officers jjjgjj ggj,ggi lb:30 a rec^^^ sdurce/through magnetic lenses, in session provided they have no lighted a ten pound thermit unit, this June, and Ruth plans to enter for jnemhers, officers pledges and magnetic or elecvalid reason for deferment. The reaction, as timed by the stu- ^.jjg Universitv here in Seotember. guests.'Inyitation is by, hid: Oinjy and of foixe virhich exert the
' samfi effect on’the electron waves as
Limited Number ^ dents, was completed «n 45 seconds. Several numbers will be played the esta*^iished .custom of nOi COi;Quota.s for limiting enlistments and the heat of the molten thermit j^y pianisfs/including a Bach sages will again be observed. •/Mvi fVio pnllAo-nc 5irp nparlv hiirDpH thrnncrh a hnlf inph _• nu. _m*i- _ n/r-! ® ®
from the accredited colleges are nearly burned through a half inch gej.jgs. Simlienhe, by Badh-Maier; agreed upon by designated repre- steel plate on which the unit was jggy^ joy of Mqn’s Desiring by sentatives from the War Depart- ignited. ^ Bach-Hess; and; Sheep May Safely
Water Won t Do It_^ Graze, by Bach-Howe. Following The uselessnes.s oiusing water to ^-^yo solos to be. played by Ruth ’vyill combat the thOrmit was shp.wn when Rhapsody in G-minor, by Brahms
another ten pound unit was ignited in a pail of water. The reaction was as violent and as rapid as in air, and the molten metal burned holes in the sides and bottom of the pail. Several magnesium bomb train-
(See DEFENSE, page 4)
of the organization.
Dr. Eastwood said, “Those inter-
in defense bonds contributed by individuals and county councils.
(See RESERVES, page 4)
Farmers Hold Field
Day Friday; Dayis, Hoffman Speak
Farmers from the northwestern and central sections of Indiana met at the University Soils and Crops Farm Friday for the annual spring field day inspection program. The principal speakers were L. E. Hoffman,, associate director of the agricultural extension, and J. J. Davis, head of the entontology department,
both of tfie University staff.
Speaking on the noon - program
War Stamp Contest Among Organizations
ested in registering with this group Hifinud N®''’ Secretary
the national organization.” Delegates Return
may change their divisions by ap- >-■
plication to Mr. France irt room 201, general secreta/y, has had wide ex Fieldhouse Gymnasium.' This spe- Perience in the field of the pastorate cial instruction and testing will be and interdenomination work. A unfier the direction of Arnold, Clev- gi'aduate of Frapklin and Marshall ett and Speyer, officers of the local in DJ22, he also studied at the-Theo-chapter and certified instructors of logical Seminary of the Reformed
Church at Lancaster, Pa„ and the Philadelphia Divinity School, as well as taking graduate work at the University of Pittsburgh and Union
Theological Seminai:y. Hekl Many Pastorates
He has held a number of pastorBetty .Evans and, Jane. Dunbar, ates, firsf serving as. associate at have retip-ned from Lake Geneya, Middle Collqgiate Cfiurch, ,New Wis., where they spent, last week Yoi’k City, and'later at the First at the YWGA and YMCA collegp Reformed Church, Vandergrift, Pa.; conference as- delegates from the' and St. Paul’s'Evangelical and ReUniversity YWCA. Mrs. G. R. Ipmed Church, Fort Washington, Thornton, the nevy president of the Pa. He has been pastor of the Caradvisory board, was advisor to the rolltop Avenue Chunch in fiidianapdelegation. • olis since 1^38. He is a member of Four huntlrecl and fiity'delegates the executive committee of the from nine sjtatea atijencled the co,p-• Cfiiueh Federatiop of Indianapolis ference. The purpose of this an- and past president of the Ministenual meeling is to bring the groups rial Association .of Indianapolis, into a more unified existence and Began Work In Japan to discuss leadership, program plan- Dr. Holland has fil^o- had a broad nin'g, reci;eatiippftl activities, war training in religious education, he«id, finance, social action, and pub- ginning as an instructor at North lie affairs. Japan College, Sendai, Japan.
ip ■ the
Drr'Hollandrthe newly named farm’s groye. Director Hoffman dis-
which ^started at, 1 p.
and Toccata in D-mipor, by Lesche-
tizsky. ....
Ten Different Pieces Played Continuing their porfprmance,-. Ruth, apd Noel will present other duets; Mozart’s. Sonata in,D.for .two pianos; Fetes (Three Nocturnes) by Debussey-Ravel; and Rimsky-Kor-sakoft’-Chasins’ Dance for the Buffoons. Noel’s solos will include Intermezzo, Opus 117, No. 2, by Brahms, and La Campanella, by
Paganini-Liszt.
Mrs. Q^rge Jaqua Lectures At Closing Home Ec Meeting Vocational home economic tea(fhers in Northwestern Indiana met
FqciiUy
The regular, nionthlj^, mqqting of the Faculty will be he|l/d ga Monday, .juge ;22, at 4 p. in Eliza Eo>vier Hall. V . / A full .attendance is expected. ;"• ELLIOTT. ■
glass lenses exert on light waves. Different .regions on the object being magnified emit varying amounts of electrons, forming a density patt,^n, on.a fluorescent screen or on a
photographic plpte. Beatron Us{^ In X-rays
The Beatron, invented by Dr. Kerst of the Univei’sity of Illinois, ^ ui^d to get high-energy electrons foi; .use in X-rays, deep therapy of flesh tissue, source of electrons for the electron microscope, and many other physical fields of study. In ttie field of theoretical physics, concerned mostly with the exposition of embryonic theories and development of equations. Dr. J. Schwinger of the University spoke on “Theories of Nuclear Forces”; Dr. Wolfgang Pauli, of the Insti-
, . i, „ tute for Advanced Study, spoke on
Alumni relationships as they af- Modern Field Theo-
±ect the. housenjorther were outlined
Firsi Week Ot School
Jess yesterJy^wWch brought the ^ Statistical Noise.”
first week pf the House Directors'
Starting 'Fuesday the Student Union and the War Council,rare
cussed “Land Use in War; Tipie,” J a^DefejjStamp’c^-
while Davis explained methods of
, . „ • a 1 4. i. campus. When studepts buy war reducing Beessiap fly damage to next , ^ . • v ,■ 4- A , , ■ . ',r.v - ,1 , . stamps either at the booth in fropt year’s wheat crop. The,all-day meet- • xi. tL • ' . , „ Tn -J ot the sweet shop in. me Union or ing got under way at 9 a. m. Friday , p , „ ,, . . ,
morning when Vpiversity agronomy “ ° through Friday for a summer con- types of alumnii first, the coraplainstaff ifiemhers conducted small ^ feience. Close to 200 teachers at- ers-secofid, the shoppers; third, the
ries”; and Dr. W. W. Hansen, of
, , ^ , . ... Stanford University and the Bperry school of home economic?, ip an aj Co., discussed “The
by . Dean Maiy L. Matthews, of the
Training School at the Universoity
to a. close,
Dean Matthews declared that in
at the University last Monday general there -were four different
„ . ... .. terhity, sorority, co-op, WRH
groups of visRipg larmers over the
test plots, explaining apparent re- ^ , . ^ The stamp purchase will be cred
Meeting Production Go^I®
8#Peppeq, Reamers To Hokl Picnic Today GcM'Hfeppers' and Reamers will
T ^ 1 indiffment; and fourth; those who hoid apknidbreakfast for members Mrs. Gejge Jaquao^Wmehester really try to help. . .. this morning at 8:30 in the Stadirector of the women s division of r j„vA Sn««k« dium picnic grounds, Chuck Knote,
., , , / . /. T , Pirector 01 tpe women's division or Llovd-Sneaks itej to that organ,izjjon. Ipdepen- the Indiana State Defense Council, Se ]
dent students will be given credit ..v Dean Alice Llpyd, of. tIm Uniyer- prepid^t of Reamer Club, and Har“Meeting ^'oductipn Doll'll was , „ All nurcM^s made bv session of gity of Michigan, —^ - ^
the theme, of'ths; field day program One of the features, of the clpy was an inspection of such new .crops as castor beans and hemp, being grown experimentally ti^ dqtpviwPLe. afia^tj ed varieties and best cuitural prac-
tices for these plants.
as a grpup. AIl puiefifises made by sny or micnigan, coptipuifig her Simmoo?, president of Gold
iiidepen'dents wfio live; in Cary Hall P®inted series of ^discussions ofi “Objectives Peppers, have announced.
Win Be credited to Cpry Hall. ma.in purposj gf Student Living,” pointed oqt that Walker, Vivi-an Peterson, Records'To Be Displayed ' f the great bifik of people have never QU Wolter, and A1 Jackson will
The records for each group will J fiad security, either econpmk or serve on, the food committe. beVdisplayedran a ikrge bar graph same lack .of showing the average purchases per - J security^ is now^ penetrating to all
Veteran farmers have reported f rson in each group. The booth in feels that at least
recently that they have never experienced the growing of a erpp of
front of the sweet shop will be open
every day from 4 to 6:30
one person in
xxxv. SfULdertt Art Guild ‘^Security provides one of the ExilibiH Cartoons
wheat when the Hessian fly damage f Tuesday, Thursday, and has been as widespread as this year, “'J”' ® P" especially in the west central por- ^ tion of the state. Davis has predict- ^Or/T73n C.
ed that three-fourths of the wheat
p m and household should know the great problems of the daily by memid Friday civilian protection,” housemother can’t relieve th^ ^'ea- E^i-s; ^ ’tiie’ Student 'Art Guild are
said Mrs. Jaqua. Mrs. Jaqua also ent situation, but she hemg exhiby^d^ m the WestReceppointed out that y/omen have a real ?tu.defit to face it,” said Dean L.loyd. tfori Room of the Union, through responsibility when it come? to ere- Iff . eontinuing her discussion, Monday. The drawings are clipped ating public opfiiiotj in the home. Degn Lloyd said, “The present sys- from daily papers. Dr. F. B. Knight, director pf the tem of. education, is somewhat at MaBi}| of the ctqftoons on exhibit
straw in a number of fields thatmow . . . Of Hahneman Medldal College University .division of eductition and fault in tfiat it places emphasis Ph 'were Werner of the Chipromise a fair yield will be lodged of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and applied psychology, opened the con- obtaining a degree rather than tfik caigb and Parrisfi pf the Chiby the time of harvest because of formerly with the biology staff here, vention Monday afternoon speaking knowledge that the degree repre- cagp. Tribune,; and ai^o mainly confly damage. received his doctorate recently. on “Teaching Does Count." aents.’^ earned wUht tfie conduct of the wan4:-
.■>.oC
Exponent Editorial Page
■f
i^'S: .
m ■■
ffll-
Purdue Exponent Offices: Edil-orial and Business, ji>urdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Krti:^ r-fn-("liief News- I-.’dttor MamiKinK Kditur Sports. Kditor Hosiin'ss Monnper Ciii olnlinn Manofrrr .. Coril Kdilor j
John F. Amos Don T. Brophy . John H. Armetrone Robert L. Hadley ... William D. Millard Ken K. GJemre Alice Chatheld
Publication Staff Associale Editors Edilorial Staff: R. W. Roswinkle, D. E. Butz, W. G. Hoakins, A. r. Ihiiitfr, D. W. Ochiltree, W. E. Kafert. Sports Staff: D. K. Brewer, ,1. S. Dawson, E, L. Karpick. toed Staff: Sally Beall, Charlotte Hass, Jean Lauer. Business Staff Coed Business Manager: Julia Martin. ertising Managers: J. M. Wright, D.. L. Jobnaoll. Circnlation Mon.sper: G. H. Kloiiman, Accounts Manager: Trena Torrenga. • Junior Coed Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane KelnoL
Staff For This Issue Nii'lit Editor: Butz Sporte Editor: Karpick Da> Editor : Hass Issue Editor: Alfherr R. porters: St-phenson, Roilins, Kimball, Vegh, Fawcett, Mu."])hy, Siiipnoski, Miller.
F,n1. ette, 1 at thf a, I cf ■in \V(
red ns seeond class matter at the post office In l^fayidinna, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and •.nccial rate of postage provided for in section 1103, Dcliilier .1. 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published cln- ilav, Friday and Sunday mornings during the summer semester and daily except Monday during the fall and Pinter srineslers. Delivered locally by carrier for $1.25 for Slimmer -.cnicr.ler; mailed subscriptions $1.50. _ Benieseiited for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
W€ir And Churches Where does the American church stand in this war? Weh'e asked ourselves this question frequently since Pearl Harbor and it has left us cold. , The most constructive things that churches have done since the war became our war were to advocate the return to prohilartToh (Northern and Southern Baptists, Methodist, Pres/byterian.s Church USA and United Presbyterians) ; condemn the Women’s Army Auxiiiary Corps (representatives of the Catholic church) and object to such things as Sunday war work. Prior to the attack on Pearl Harbor, reli.aiou.s leaders the country over oppo,sed our entiy into the war. In this opposition the overwindming majority of the nation concurred. Since the war was declared many of the ciergy liave refused to face the fact that r’,c were actualiy in the war and pacifist dreaming might as well be forgotten. No opportunity for return to normal life will be offered until the war has been won. The war was Unwanted by religious organization.s just as it was by every other group. But because it was unwanted is no reason fur iho church or anyone else to stand aloof an.d ray that it is the result of past sins and tlnat lliey want no part of it. Wo are not asking for a war of hate. There ha ; been little of it so far and there is need for none. We are not fighting the axis nations bcGnuse we hate them. We are.fighting for the ;,arao jn'inciples of freedom and tolerance that tlie early Americans fought the revolution, for. We are not even fighting to extend them. Put merely to maintain them for ourselves. There are many excellent religious leaders ij'om. all churches serving as chaplains in the armed forces. From all reports they are doing an, admirable job. It is not the armed forces that lack adequate religious leadership, it is ths youth who are in war industries, still in school, or not in the army for other reasons. In tlie la.st war much of the clergy took an active jiart.. And when the war was over they were leaders in formation of the peace. Admittedly no one will win in this war, but it scern.s to us that if the church fails to offer leadership during the war, its guidance will not be sou.ght when peace comes. Youth will liun to other leaders, those who are now tryi;ag to successfully fight the war and plan the peace. T/ie Summer Ratio
nUmSWMTON Merry-QO-ROUM) By Drew Pearson and Robert' S. Allen New Amendmeni'S To Drafi* Laws Will Change Status Of Selective Service Men
WASHINGTON, June 22—If you are registered on the draft rolls here is the general picture of your prospects under the »8glective Service amendments just passed' by Congress. If you are between 20 and 46, unmarried with no dependents, your status is unchanged. If you are married'and now classified as 1-A, your draft board will be directed to shift you to 3-A. That means the chances are strong you will not be called for at least another 8 to 12 months, depending on the trend of the war and on what is done about lowering the draft age to 18. If you are unmai’ried, but have dependents and are classed 3-A, you will be moved up to 1-A and headed for induction by fall. The new allowance and allotment act, under which soldiers with dependents p.ut up $22 a month and the government $28, is the basis for this change. • More Men Needed As Selective Service oftlcials figure it, by ofl’setting these two switches against one another, the 4,500,000 Army which the War Department wants to raise by January, can be obtained from 1-A’s in the 20 to 46 age groups. After that, if the Army, still needs men. Selective Service either will have to turn to married men now deferred, or the draft age will have to be lowered tO' 18, as strongly favored by military chiefs. That will take congressional action, and until next November, there is no chance of anything being done by Congress. Even after November elections there is no certainty Congress will be any more e^ger to act. It will depend on what ha'ppens in the elections and the way the war is going. If it is not going well. Congress is likely to be more willing to follow the demands of the military and include 18-year-olds. If that is done, then married exempts will get another breather, probably into the summer or fall of 1943. It is estimated that 18-19 yearers will furnish 1,200,000 new soldiers. This would bring the Army to over 0,000,000 by next July. If by that time still more men are needed, then will come the turnnof married registrants, beginning with the. lower age groups. Note: Privately, military experts believe that before the war is over the U. S. will have from seven to eight million men in the Army and Navy. « A Warship's Wifi Drawing up a will is a simple matter for Representative Warren i MagnusoU of Washington, who practiced law before coming to Congress. However, the scrappy, young New Dealer learned a new wrinkle about wills while he was on active duty as a Lieutenant Commander with the Pacific fieet. He had to make out a will for a ship. Few people know that it is customary for Navy ships, especially large ones, battleships and airplane carriers, to have wills just as do the men aboard them. All the big ships have their own bank account.^, made up of “.service funds” acquired from the sale of tobacco, candy and other merchandise. These accounts run into' thou.sand.s of dollars, and they don’t belong to the Navy or the government, but to the ships and crews. Magnuspn, who won his bars in the Naval Reserve, didn’t know this either until one day he was handed a memorandum from the commanding officer of the airplane carrier on whhich he was stationed. It read: “Please have Magnuson prepare a proper legal document, transferring all assets (bank accounts, cash, etc.) to Navy Relief in event ship is lost.” The carrier, Magnuson learned, had a nest-egg of thousands of dollars, most of it in California banks. • War Flashes Returning U. S. diplomats report that most of the French movie stars well known in this country 'are actively “collaborating” with the Nazis. Among them are Maurice Chevalier, Sacha Guitry, Danielle Darrieux, Corinne Luchaire, who also is the girl friend of Otto Abetz, Nazi ambassador to Vichy, Tino Rossi, and Fernand Gravet. . . . After careful examination of the recovered midget Jap subs sunk at Pearl Harbor and Sidney Harbor, U. S. Navy experts report that these craft, while spectacular, are of little value. The experts point out that the tiny subs have yet to sink a ship. (Copyright, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
decided for the third time to transfer that golden cross. Remember that a cat has only nine lives.
GRIN AND BEAR nr
-I went through the last war without a scratch—these scars I got at Legion conventions!”
University Calendar
Week of June 21
Sunday, June 21 4:00 P.M.—Music Room Program....... .'...Music Room, Union 6:46 P.M.—P.O.M.M. Initiation ...'. ...J.Rooms 356 & 363, Union 6:30 P.M.—P.O.M.M. Banquet East Faculty Lge., Union Monday, June 22 Indiana Shorthorn Breeedei's Assn. Cattle Sale ..^ Livestock Judging Pavilion 8:00 A.M.—Vocational Ag. Teachers:—Registration South Ballroom, Union ^ 9:00 A.M.—House Directors’ Training EchooI.WRH 7:00 P.M.—Reamers Meeting ....Room 304, Union Tuesday, June 23 8:00 A.M.—Vocational Ag. Teaclhers Associa- , tion L South Ballroom, Union 9:00 A.M.—House Directors'’Training School..WRH 4:00 P.M.—Committee on State of University..Room 263, Union 6:30 P.M.—Engineering Stall’ Dinner E. W. Faculty Lges., Union 6:30 P.M.—Vocational Ag. Teacliers Banquet..,North Ballroom, Union 7:00 P.M.—Christian Science Meeting .....Room 303, Union 7:00 P.M.—Alpha Phi Cmega Room 307, Union Wednesday, June 24 8:00 A.M.—Vocational Ag. Teachers As.sociation : South Ballroom, Union 9:00 A.M.—House Director.s’Training School..'WRH 11:45 A.M.—Vocational Ag.Teacher.s Luncheon Room 365, Union 7:00 P.M.—Christian Fellowship Meeting; Room 307, Union 7:30 P.M.—Scabbard and Blade meeting Room 303, Union 8:00 P.M.—Indiana Corn Growers ....'. Room 306, Union Thursday, June 25 8:00 A.M.—Indiana Corn Growers Room 305, Union 9:00 A.M.—House Directors’Training School..WRH 3:00P.M.--Sereen Review Hall of Music 8:00 P.M.—Musical Program ....: North Ballroom, Union Friday, June 26 9 :00 A,M.—House Directors’ Training School.. WRH 4:00 P.M.—Cosmopolitan Club Meeting... ...Room 304, Union 7:30 P.M.—Convocation, Dr. John G. Neihardt, Poet Hall of Music 8:00 P.M.—Scabbard and Blade Dunce: North Ballroom, Union 8:30 P.M.—Scabbard and Blade Reception West Faculty Lge., Union Saturday, June 27 Alpha Phi Omega Pledge Hike 9:00 A.M.—Hou.se Directors’ Training School..WRH 8:30 P.M.—Kappa Delta Rho Dance.. i....Chapter House
Engineering Staff To Hold Banquet Five rhembers of the University staff who are retiring at the end of this year will be honored at, a special Engineering Staff dinner and party to be held Tuesday evening at 6:30 p. m. in the East Faculty Lounge of the Union. The honored guests of the evening for whom the party is being given include Prof, and Mrs. R. G. Dukes', Prof, hnd Mrs. A. N. Topping, Prof, and Mrs. A. H. Monroe, Prof. G. A. Young, and Miss Tillie Magovern. Following the dinner there will be an informal get together which will include cards and dancing. Those on the engineering staff y/he are unable to attend the dinner are urged to join in at 8:30 o’clock for the evening program. Seed Analysts Hold Regional Meeting Twenty seed analysts representing seven .states participated in the second annual seed testing confer’ence, held on campus last Tuesday through Friday. The conference was one of five regional meetings called by the United States Department of Agriculture to promote uniformity in testing agricultural and vegetable
seeds.
The We.st Lafayette conference was led by E. R. Clark and Regina B. Schulte of the University staff, and Harriet Cull, of the federal seed laboratory.
■' s . ■
Swimming Classes Sfart For Town Girls Town girls of high school age who want beginning or advanced instruction in swimming may register now for swimming classes offered by the department of physical education for women. Classes will begin Monday, June '29, and will continue until July 25. A fee of $1.60 will be charged for the term. Mary Scoville, of the,physical education department, will teach the classe.s. LytiA SUN. - MON. ... 2 HITS liliilf
illMiiiHlil
PC, Sandr^tto/^0 To Take Major's Post In Army Air forte P. C. SandrettOj EE ’3d,' superintendent of United Air Lines com-,, municatious laboratory in Chicago,^ has’been given leave of absence by United Air Lines to become a major in the iCommunications Directorate of the Army Air Force at Washing-
ton.
Worked With Bell Telephone As head of United Air Lines’ lab-', oratory, Sandretto has participated in many outstanding aitcraft radio developments which have become standard on the nation’s airlines. Sandretto was on the technical staff of the Bell Telephone labonitories in New York before he, joined United Air Line.s 10 years ago. Sandretto is author of “Principles of Aeronautical Radio Engineering” and numerous technical magazine, articles. Ho was president of the Chicago Engineers Club and secretary of the Chicago Section of the Institute of Radio Engineers. -
Qn, JhiL
University Church, Presbyterian Student Class in Religion, 9:30 a. m. Dr. Gordon Graves, sponsor. Discussion theme: “What Are Life’s Ultimate Gbjectives?” . Morning Worship, 10:30 a. m.Sermon topic: “The Sword of the Saints.” Sunday Evening- Club, 6:00 p. m. 'A sliort play, ohtitlod, “The Autocrat of the Breakfast Table,” will bo presented, directed by Ernie Nordling'Gr. Supper ii3 fifteen cents.
with HUGH HERBERT
. auir Wiiit maps and bonds
— NOW SHOWING — — DOUBLE FEATURE — STARS — SONGS — GIRLS A tropical whirlwind of laughter and lilting rhythm! ROAD TO SINGAPORE — WITH — BING CROSBY DOROTHY LAMOUR BOB HOPE PLUS — It sparkles with wit, beauty and laughter! GIRL'S TOWN with EDITH FELLOWES ALICE WHITE • KENNETH HOWELL
with BRIAN DONLEVY Now thru WEDNESDAY
8.44
to 1
i^nok:: filce good weather this week-end, least-wise ih<> ; toodents are taking to the picnic grounds bet'.'.een cloud-eclipses and between suppers and breaklard.s. We hear that the old 12 o’clock hours are being linocked down a notch or two because of flat tires (:!) and v/hat-not. Hov/ about that, guyz and galz?
PHILGSGPHY FCR THE DAY . . . Teacher’s pet—why not? They are human!
Nev.'.s lor the day THAT eternal TRIANGLE , AGAIN. TWO BOYB AND A GIRL. Eveiyone is having fun but the fellows. •Sleepy” Dick Sleeper and “Chuck” Knote, PIA I'nd Caiy Hall piexies, refipectively, are at sword’s ■ no;-: ovej' Mabel “All the boy^ lik’er” Vaughan. ’•.Sleepy” hits her for the.big dances, while “Chuck” j'aot goes out for the .shoil, week-day date.s.
THF.SE CLASSROOM LOVE AFFAIRS GRIPE I'UCJ'ESSCRS, BUT . . . Alpha Xi, Gloria Neimeyer a ltd George Payne seem to get along alright. Looks like soinelliing has developed here, f
WILL 'i'HEY EVER MAKE UP THEIR MINDS? Sigma Chi Zimmerman and Kappa Yahres have
PAID ADVERTISEMENT ... ... Do you want to put your pin out on your girl ? If so then, for a nominal sum, Delt Wade Neal can date your prospective pin-ghl. He can .show that for the last three girls he has dated, each has taken a pin right afterwards. Call him /’Catalytic Agent” Neal. He takes no part in the reaction and gets nothing out of it. Here is the story about the. sailors and fat girls. (Also Pi Phis). It seems that for their first USO dates, the sailors had the best looking coeds on the campus. Only a few seamen turned up at first, but when the details reached theU.S.S. Cary Hall West, everyone decided to come out the next week. (So Here’s a Ballad to the Sailors) Said the sailor ’bout his cute little craft, “I like the way that she’s trimmed, fore and aft.” Next week (|ie poor gobs. Who had gathered in mobs. Were marooned with the goons on a raft. WAR RATIONING IS AFFECTING ALL OF US . . . “my heart may. burn for you, but I don’t v/ant to make a FUEL out of my.self!” ODE TO A PURDUE COED Her makeup smears, ' Her lips hang out. Her legs are queer, ' Her waist too stout. Yet she is game enough to flout The blessed Engineer. —By the Science School Joes
W.UR sanh^ ‘Z. lONG
Here’s why.;. Soils, perapiration, and fita-e-chafing grit are removed more thoroughly. Fabrics become soft and supple . . . colors, too; seem to show less wear. HAVE CLOTHES .SANlTOUeO gEGULANLri LAUiDRY
jur WAR STAmS and BONDS of Wi
MARS
The Funniest Thing On Eight Legs!
132 NORTHWESTERIV
DIAL 3085
U Y W A R BONDS
TWIN BEDS '^..MISCHA AUER ■ UNA MERKEL GLENDA FARRELL^ERNEST TRUEX
MMWira Starts TOBH
BU.r WAR STAMPS AND DONDS AT THIS THEATRTBoilermateer Sports
^' it Sunday, June 21, 1942
Fraternity Softball Teams Fight For Top
S
ports Communique By Bob Hadley
S
Bitter engagements have marked the first month’s battling in, the fraternity softball competition, as the Phi Delta Theta squad still leads the field with a clean slate. To date the Phi Belts have accounted for five wins against no defeats, however the Tau Kappa Epsilon team, holding a 6-1 record, is expected to wipe away that zero and replace it with a “1,” when the two teams get together. Top Flight Hurler * Bobby Hajzyk’s pitching has accounted for the six TKE victories, and the one loss is attributed to a forfeit at the first of the season. Sigma Pi, erroneously listed as having won only five against two defeats, has won six and lost one. Standings of first 12 teams for the week ending June 20, are as follows: W. L. Pet. Phi Delta Theta ... 5 0 1.000 Tau Kappa Epsilon . 6 1 .868 Sigma Pi 6 1 .858 Sigma Alph Mu 5 1 .833 ■"Delta Upsilon .. 6 1 .833 Phi Kappa 6 2 .760 Sigma Phi Epsilon 6 2 .760 Alpha Tau Omega 5 2 .713 Sigma Chi 5 2 .713 Phi Kappa Tau 5 3 .626 Theta Xi 6 3 .625 Alpha Chi Rho.... 4 3 .670 . ’"Tied one. Mixed Recreation Nights To Continue “Mixed Recreation Nights” will be continued through the summer tertn each Tuesday night from 7 to 10 p. m. in the men’s Pieldhouse, it was announced today. Facilities available in the Fieldhouse for the “Mixed Recreation Nights” include eight badminton courts, eight paddle tennis courts, ping-popg, volleyball, and a host of other activities. Equipfiient for participating in the various games, which are open to both men and women, will be furnished without charge, under the joint sponsorship of the Department of Physical Education for Women and the Division of Physical Education for Men.
IM Schedules The following Ward softball games will be,played Monday evening at 6:46: Diamond 4—Ward 1 vs. Ward ^26. Diamond 6—Ward 2 vs. Ward 29. Diamond 6—Ward 4 vs. Ward 21. Diamond 7—Ward' 6 vs. Ward 22. Diamond 8—Ward 26 Vs. Ward 27.
The following Cary Hall teams will play softball Monday evening
at 4:
Diamond 13—CaTry Hall 2 vs. Cary Hall 7. Diamond 14—Cary Hall 3 vs. Cary Hall 1. Diamond 16—Carl Hall 6 vs. Cary Hall 4.
The following fraternities will play softball Tuesday evening at
6:30:
Diamond 1— Phi Kappa vs. Alpha Chi Rho. 2— Pi Kappa Phi vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. 3— Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Alpha Sigma Phi. 4— Delta Chi vs. Alpha Tau Omega 5— Phi Delta Theta vs. Phi Gamma Delta. 6— Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Phi Kappa Tau. 7— Kappa Sigma vs. Beta Theta Pi 8— Acacia vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. 9— Theta Tau vs. Pi Kappa Alpha.' 10— Theta Xi vs. Tau Kappa Ep-
silon.
11— Theta Chi vs. Sigma Pi. 12— Phi Kappa Psi vs. Delta Ep-
silon.
13— Delta Tau Delta vs. Triangle. 14— Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Beta Sig-
ma Psi.
Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Kappa Delta Rho. Sigma Chi vs. Sigma Nu.
15
16
17
R. W. 'Ace' Stuckey . . . former manager of the bowling alleys in the Union, who left for military service April 1, is now with an air base unit at Honolulu, according ito word received yesterday by. friends. He had previously been stationed at Ft. Benjamin Harrison at Indianapolis and later at Jefferson Barracks, Mo.
^'Oi’ Sai, or Chappy! a bonnie good lunch h’at diat PUR-R-RDUE UNION CAFETER-R-R-IA would taiste jolly foine, heh what?” The Government wants everyone, whether Scotch, Irish or American, to eat at the best places and get the best food! fiuAduSL TlhmouciL lAnwfL 1 Just take a walk through the building!
Today’s column is -written by Ed Kbrpick in the absence of Sports Editor Bob Hadley. ’ / It was our good fortune to make the trip to Monticejlo with the ball team last Tuesday for the game with the Great Lakes nine. It wa’s swell of Dutch Fehring to invite us to go, and we about broke a leg in our hurry to accept the offer. ■ , A group of young boys were on hand bright and early when the Boilermaker All-Stars took the field an hour and a half beford game time. They watched the various batters send long drives deep into the outfield, and were very much impressed by the sights that they saw. The three Indiana ball players, Mike Kosman, Danny Danielson and Guy Weljman, took a lot of ribbing before the game began. ‘ It certainly was a strange sight to see the three Hoosiers wearing Boilermaker uniforms. Though they may have felt a bit out of place wearing Old Gold and Black, they certainly did their part once the game began. Danny Danielson covered the area^ around second base with the finesse of a major leaguer, and made one seemingly impossible stop to rob one of the Sailors of a .hit. Quy Wellman, captain-elect of next year’s Indiana nine, battdd in the first All-Star run with a long fly and scorra another. Mike Kosman turned in a pair of nice catches in center field, and made a headlong dive in an effort to haul in Don Padgett’s line drive to center. It’s been some time since we saw a big league team in action, and for that reason the sight of the Great Lakes team, which is definitely big league, was really a treat. You can tell that they have the stuff the very instant that they step on the diamond. It is not smugness or anything like that; it is just the confidence that all good teams seem to have. ^ The Sailors weren’t particularly enthused about plajdng on the small Monticello diamond. They hit the ball hard, and were afraid that some of the overflow crowd might be hurt by a line drive going foul. Don Padgett almost gave up his turn at the plate, when one of the line drive he hit in batting practice went into the fans standing on the right field foul line. The big southerner loves to hit, and hit the ball hard; but he did not want to hurt any one. Dutch Fehring was satisfied with the game in spite of the onesided score. Except for one unfortunate error that resulted in seven Great Lakes tallies, the team played a good ball game. As for the team it was something of an experience for them. It was the first time this season that they have played before a large crowd as the home team. Furthermore, after the lack of student support it must have been quite a treat for the boys to have the various youngsters come up and ask them for their autographs." Don Padgett went down swinging before the fancy hurling of Riveter Ed Misselhorn, and did not offer any excuses for his failure to connect. He told several of the All-Star players that he considered Ed a fine pitching possibility. “Tell that boy to keep at it. He’s got a fine curve ball, and should be a good pitcher if he works hard.” Those were the words of a fellow who was one of the most feared batters in the National league, and should be might encouraging to the young right hander who had trouble in finding the plate this spring. We Ujlso had a chance to talk to Frankie Pytlak, the little Great Lakes receiver. Frank has just returned to the Navy lineup after he had been sidelined with an injury to the index finger of his throwing hand. We’ve seen Pytlak play ball before, way back when he was a kid catcher on an amateur baseball team in Buffalo, New York. It made us feel a Utile ancient when we saw' that Frank’s hair was completely gray. He worked out before the game and still has the speed and fire that made him a big league star in spite of his lack
of size.
Mechanical Honorary Defeats Instructors In Fast Softball Game Members of the Mechanical Engineering staff took time off long enough to lose a snappy softball game to a fast-fielding Pi Tau Sigma team Friday afternoon on Russell field, 8-3. Making the most of their own eight hits and a few minor misplays on the part of the faculty the Pi Tau’s maintained a fairly “steady flow equation” of runners across home plate, while the faculty really threatened only in the last half of the ninth when Spalding drove in two runs with a solid triple to left, only to overrun the bag and be
tagged out.
Barta Stars Stars of the honorary’s offense were Barta with three one-base blows and Deuster with one threeply wallop. Opposing pitchers Leutwiler and Kinney pitched steady games, but Kinney had the advantage of a ballhawk outfield.
Summary
Big Ten Track Squad Holds Collegiate Crown
By Jack Halstead
Results of the recent Pacific Coast-Big Ten track meet, staged at Dyche Stadium on the Northwestern campu.s at Evanston last Tuesday, show that the Western Conference is again the cinder king of the nation. The Big Ten track champs, who hadn’t won a dual meet from the coast stars in five years,turned in a 69.6-57.3 victory, ' after being rated as hopelessly
Football Tickets For Home Games Put On Sale July 1
Pi Tau Sigma
ab
Spetner, lb
. 2
Leber, sf
. 4
Ross, If
.. 2
Vollmer, If
. 3
Wolter, ss
... 3
Fulton, cf
4
Rennak, 3b .....
.... 1
Deiser, 3b
.... 3
Elfvin, 2b ....
.. 2
Deuster, c
.. .2
Barta, rf
.. ..4
Bennett, rf ..
...0
Kinney, p
.4
Totals
.. 34
M. E. Staff
ab
Agnew, ss ..
4
Binder, c
3
Siegel, lb ..
. 4
Rubenk’n’g, If ..
.. .3
Clearwater, If
. 1
Leutwiler, p
3
Venemann, 2b ..
. 3
Ault, cf
. 3
Clark, cf .
1
Solberg, rf . .. .
1
Kemler, rf
3
Spalding, 3b ....
4
Freberg, sf
. .2
Totals
.. 35
h o 1 10
r h
0 0 0 0 16 0 19 0 13
o a
1 1
1 2 0 0
4 2
0 0 0 0 110 0 0 0 0 0 110 0 0 2 2 4
.2 0 0 6 0
Pre-Season Favorites Begin To Show Expected Form In Union Bowling League Thi.s past week’s bowling in the ~ “
Union bowling league saw some of the pre-season favorites show a little of their expected form. Alpha Tau Omega came through with a new high team series of 2396, although they dropped one game out of three to the Tiiangles. They put together an 890, a 695, and an 811 for the new summer mark. The ATO’s should really be the team to beat since Jim Seabright, one of their better bowlers was out of the lineup, when they chalked up the
high series. Brief Glory
Last 'Wednesday night’s bowling produced two record seiies. Earlier in the evening the Phi Sigma Kappa five had topped the previous high by rolling a 2375 sepes. They held the top mark for just about two hours when the ATO’s game
3 9 27 13
Errors: Innumerable, unmentionable. Runs batted in, Barta 4, Deuster 2, Deiser, Ault, Spalding. Three base hits, Spalding, Deuster. Struck out, by Leutwiler 6, Kinney 4. Bases on balls, off Leutwiler 4, Kinney 3. Left on bases. Pi Tau 10, Staff 10. Umpires, names withheld by request. Time: 1.37.
through and topped the Phi Sig’s
performance.
Dave Lodge turned in one of those story book finishes in the second game to enable the Sigma Nu’s to take two out of three ftom the Kappa Sigs. In the last frame Dave picked up a difficult split, and then bagged ten pins with his “free” ball to win the game for his team. This match was one of the best on the bill from the standpoint of interest as the two teams battled every inch
of the way.
On Top
In the “A” bracket the SAE’s continue to pace the pack with a record of seven wins and two losses, but the Delta Upsilon and Phi Kappa Tau teams are right on their heels with one more loss chalked up against them.
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. HARDWARE —PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
IM Schedules
The following Ward Sciftball games will be played Monday evening at 6:45; Diamond 4 Ward 1 vs. Ward 26. 5 Ward 2 vs. Ward 29. 6 Ward 4 vs. Waid 21. 7 Ward 6 vs. Ward 22. 8 Ward 25 vs. Ward 27. The following Cary Hall teams will play Softball Monday evening, June 22, at 4 o’clock: Diamond 13 Cary Hall 2 vs. Caiy Hall 7. 14 Cary Hall 3 vs. Cary Hall 1. 16 Cary Hall 6 vs. Cary Hall 4. The following Fraternities will play Softball Tuesday evening, June 23, at 0.30: Diamond 1 Phi Kappa vs Alpha Chi Rho. 2 Pi Kappa Phi vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. 3 Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Alpha Sigma Phi. 4 Delta Chi vs. Alpha Tau Omega 5 Phi Delta Theta vs. Phi Gamma Delta. 6 Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Phi Kappa Tau. 7 Kapap Sigma vs Beta Theta Pi. 8 Acacia vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. 9 Theta Tau vs Pi Kappa Alpha. 10 Theta Xi vs Tau Kappa Epsilon. 11 Theta Chi vs Sigma Pi. 12 Phi Kappa Psi vs. Delta Upsilon. 13 Delta Tau Delta vs. Triangle. 14 Phi Sigma Kappa vs Beta Sigma Psi. 15 Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Sigmu Alpha Epsilon. 16 Alpha Gamma Rho vs Kappa Delta Rho. 17 Sigma Chi vs. Sigma Nu.
outclassed before the contest. Previous engagements al'waya results in lopsided scores—the “gang” from the Middle West on
the short end of things.
Sets Record
Despite the fact that Harold Davis, California’s wonder sprinter, wrote new marks in meet his-
Reserved seat tickets for the tlie lOQ and 220 yard dashes. Boilermaker’s unusually attractive the Pacific squad failed to successhome football schedule this fall will fully counteract the remarkable range in price from $2.50 to $3.00, showings of track men from Ohio including tax, it has been announced State, Illinois, Minnesota, Wisconby athletic director Guy Mackey. sin, and Indiana. Rams Open Card Dwight Eddleman, the Centralia, Tickets for the season’s opener school basketball and track with Fordham’s Sugar Bowl Cham- ®tar, gave the westerners an exhipions, as well as the ‘Wisconsin and of what they will have to conGreat Lakes tussles, will be priced f^ud with in future years. Eddleat $2.50 each, while tickets for the ® foot, six inch high jumphome finale with Indiana in the an- mark was two inches higher nual battle for the Old Oaken Buck- fl'un that of Vern Hart, Stanford et will be priced at $3.00 each. jumper, who won that title in the Mackey also announced that a collegiate competition, bargain rate season ticket for the Buckeye Shines home schedule of four games will be Bob Wright, blond Buckeye huroffered at $9.00 including tax, rep- dler, walked away with two hurdle resenting a saving of $1.50 as com- titles, leading the conference with pared with the price of the tickets if a 14-second win in the 120-yard they were purchased individually, high hurdles, and copped the low Purchasers of season tickets will hurdle event in :23, one-tenth of a not make a substantial saving, but second behind the meet record, will be allocated seats in preferred Wright also was anchor man in the locations. winning 440 yard relay combind-
Sales Begin July 1 tion.
According to plans announced by The Western Conference stars C. S. Doan, manager of ticket sales, took six other of the 15 events. Bob the mail order sales of season tick- Fitch of Minnesota cleaned the disets will be officially opened on July cus competition, and his college 1, with the sale of tickets for indi- teammate,“Jack DeField, Gopher vidual games, both at home and pole-vaulter. tied with Bill Williams away, to be launched on July 15 of Wisconsin in that event. Corwhen some 15,000 ticket applica- nelius Warmerdam, greatest of all tions will be placed in the mails. pole vaulters, disappointed his San Service men in uniform, including Francisco buddies, when his injured the 800 sailors in the naval electri- ankle hindered his competition, cians school at the University, will More Wins be admitted,to all home games for Dallas Dupre, of Ohio State, won only 50 cents including tax, while the broad jump, and Bob Rehberg, high school students will be ad- determined Illinois distance runner, milled at reduced rates to all but added the half-mile title to the Big the Indiana game. Ten score.
Indiana’s Campbell Kane out-
a fought Southem Cal’s Leroy Weed ArfTlf AilOOlJilCGS stretch of the mile run, “ nosing out the coast athlete by less
than a yard. Fellow Hoosier Kendall finished third. Another boy from Bloomington, Earl Mitchell, bounced back from a three weeks’ condition slump, to win the two-mile run in
an easy victory. Promising Future
Performances of the Western Conference tiack stars in the i;er cent Coast meet, and in the N|ttional AAU Championships yesterday, gav^ good account for the Big Ten athletic plants. If the war doftS
Six games already have been def- squads too greatly,
it IS suspected that next year’s aiv ray on the oval will again present formidable opposition to other col-
legiate conferences.
Announces
Grid Aspirations CHICAGO, 111., June 20—Two of the most powerful gridiron clubs ever put together, picked from the top-ranking national football heroes now in the seivices of Uncle Sam, will start tiaining August 22 for a whirlwind campaign against the teams of the National Professional
Football League. Six Tilts Carded
CO^^SERV.]^ YOUR CLOTHES, BETTY!
Let
West Side Clean Them!
Cleaning is the right way to conserve your clothing . . . Keep that new appearance in clothes by sending them to;
Northwestern at Vine
Phone 4081
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
initely scheduled. ’ August 28 will open the pigskin season for the service team at Los Angeles, with games at Cleveland, New York, Boston, Brooklyn, and Madison, Wis., already being booked. Five or six other appearances against other prominent squads are expected to be scheduled. All proceeds, with the
exception of one contest, will go to Scores for the first match in the army emergency relief; WAA golf tournament must be givOne team will be known as the Kathleen Gannon at the Wom“Eastein Army All-Stars,” and the ® Gym by tomorrow. Advanced other as the “Western Army All- will play on the nine Imie
Stars>” with its home in Chicago. Pros, Too ' No distinction between amateurs and professionals will be made on the squads. Already a list has been compiled by army officials that groups almost 1,500 eligible men for the two 30-man squads.
course, with the green fees 30c. Beginners will play on the three hole
course.
—WAA—
WAA’s second summer singles tournament elimination will start tomorrow. All coeds interested should sign up at once. Girls who have had little experience in playing tennis are urged to enter the
tournament.
• Swish on forehead, wrists, nape of neck. Cooling, refreshing. Choice of 4 light summer scents: Mountaia laurel, Tropical Spice, Natural, Iris. $1 size, 50f Also, 10'O2.%i2e-^ oddiHonol $2 value-only $1.
JOAN BENNETT who is co-starred with GEORGE BRENT in the hUariuus comedy “Twin Beds” cuiiently showing at the Lafayette thaatce^
is■ih
i’fi
**lt ' ^
w
'ifj%
'F
' Wj ?;«'■■ 5'^“ i
4 ■M„f :,„
Purdue Exponent
Sunday, June 21, 1942
Ag Teachers Will Convene Here Three Day Meeting To Feature sponsor Ahbetf Supervises Farmer's Part In War Effort Farm Tour Tuesday gyijijg^ Colledion
Woik on many phases of the wai
Indiana vocational agriculture teachers will open their Ceies, agncultuial honoraiy so-twenty-eighth annual conference on campus tomorrow with ciety, will sponsoi then annual tour
a “ViVtnrv Dav” nroeram eminhasizinc the resnonsibilities Univeia Victory Day program emphasizing the responsiointies 4 to 5 30 p. m This tup sity, but the latest job undeitaken of agriculture in the war. Ovei 575 teachers from all parts made specifically foi the fiesh- jg the collection of sciap mbbei. of the state are expected to attend the three day conference, nnan ag students, but all other stu- Henj^i^. Abbett, pinchasmg agent
it w'as announced yesterday by H, F. Ainsworth, state super- dents ai e invited to attend fof
Canners Af-f'encI Two Week School
Twenty-five canners thi oughout the middle west aie on the campus attending a two week technical school. The beginners’ section of the couise, which is devoted to instiUcting canneis m the best ways to exaininqi goods tor contamination, was completed Monday and the advanced section was staited
immediately alteiwaids.
Siffmn Delta Chi Pledges: Meeting WedJune 24 at 4 15 p m in Exponent olUiL Bring vour blight ideas with you -ARMSTRONG
SCA Board: Board meeting Tuesday, June 23 at 7 30 p m m the SCA room PldlWobe present and please be prompt. V M --MOGAVEHO^i
Alpha Phi Omega* Short busines^ meeting ronceining initiation hike in room 302 in the Urrron at 7 p m on Monday, June
22 Ploa‘10 be piompt —WTIiBUR Gannon
Union Personnel Committee: Meeting Monday June 22, at 4 16 ip Ui^ion office The following pltaae be there. Mathis, Blakely, Colhater, Blude^ Beyer, RWrit*
*
-HILLER and GEt
PIA Chorus* There will be a meeting Tuesday, June 21 at 7 30 p m in the Towtr loom Anyone who likes to sing and Would likt to )om the Ghoius come up at
Ihis time
—HENDRICKS
Archery* Au-hery foi all men atudtnts
visor of agricultural education.
Bruce Hardy, president of the Indiana Vocational Agriculture Teachers’ Association, will present the opening address of the conference tomorrow
morning. In the afternoon V. C. Freeman, associate dean of the School of Agriculture, will explain to the group the functions of “Your College of Agri-
culture!”
War Effects On Agriculture
All Male Seniors: The new **Aimy Eniiftted Reserve Plan’ for college students, offering dttirment froip active duty to gradation will be explained by a member of the Purdue Military Department sta^ at a, ing to be held at 4 p m , Monday. Junfe 22, m loom 121) (Main floor Lecture Boom) of
.,111..ivi; i^./i «... ...V.. the Electiical Engineering Building. Atl
will be held ovivy Monday W<dneRday, and physically flt male seniors are uiged to at-
rridav fiom 4 to 6 30 p m at the archcry tend this meeting otjamam langc .idjaccnt to the Womens tennis ■ uKAHAiVl (ourts Eduipment and instruction will be
availabli without chaigc at the rangt YWCA; Meeting of cabinet members
—PREYMAN Monday evening June 22, at 4 00 p m Everyone please be piesent.
Aeromodelers: Important meeting Wed- —PETERSON
TTr^iiTovoif-tr 1 on^inll-iT ooTif o . " a ncsdciv June24 at 7 p m in room 80 of the —^— university, iLcenuy bcnt d lepresentmg the Indiana Acad- Umon A piogram his been arranged Please Gold Peppers and Reamers: Picnic Sun-
bo prompt Bnn^, anyone you kn^ow_who ^v, June 21, at 8:30 In Stadium PapK,
Dr. C. L Porter
of the biology clcpaitment
Pi of. R R Mulvey of the Agion- .lettei tJt all heads of depaitments 75th annivei- .„u„stccl omjr Extension depaitment will lead and diviW asking them to take ,aiy meeting of the Toirey Bontanthe tom, and Dr Cntlei, also of the inventory/of all scrap riibbei m nical Society in New York City. The agronomy extension depaitment their depa\ments. meeting opened last Piiday and will
—SMITH Regardless of rain
-PETERSON
ASCE Mtoting will be held Wednesday, Tunc 24 at 7 30 p m 'll! loom 201 oC the
State Grain Dealers Will Convene Here P. K. Sale, seeretary-treasm ei of the Indiana Gram Dealeis’ Association, is in charge of ariangements
will explain his wheat bleeding ex- The letteAlisted types of iiibbei Wednesday,
peiiment The gioup will meet in which are e^ecially valuable, and fiont of Agiiciiltmal Hall at 4 All lequested tl/at aii’angements be transportation will be furnished. j^iade for ^livery of the scrap to
the central storeroom.
R. B. Wiley Will Speak
To ASCE We<iiiesday Pharmacy staff Members
Prof R B Wiley Of the Civil En
Notices
Union Camera Club Committee: Meeting Moiul ly Juiu 22 il 4 15 in Union oflico
WAA Tennis Players* Beginners tournament to begin Monday June 22 Girls in-
All J! A i Ail 4im tiustcd sign up it Women’s Gym
The effects of war on agri- for the association’s annual summer gineeiing school will speak to mern- AlieilU Ann'lloi neeTIny
culture will be taken up by American Somety of
Dean Harry Reed of the School Monday, June 29. Civ. Engineers in loom 201 0l theS Pharmacy took part . , The program will begin with a Civil Engineering Building next t , of Agriculture, who Will speak toumament Sunday afternoon Wednesday at 7 30 p m Ilisaddiess the apnual meetmg of the Indion “Agnculture and the Job at the West Lafayette Country will be concerned with the history Association, Ahead,” Hassil Schenck, president Club. On Sunday evening there will and oiganization of the A S C E. ” ^anapo is
^ Among the principal speakeis at
the meeting was Dean Glenn L. Jenkins Dr. Geoige DeKay presented the report of the committee which he headed the past year Dr
of the Indiana Faim Buieau, who be enteitainment, while business will tell the part of “The Agiicul- meetings will be held on Monday tural Woiker in National Defense,” The Union will be headquaiters for and James H Peaison, federal the convention,
agent from the U S. Office of Education, who will discuss “The Place of Vocational Education in Agiicul-
ture in the War Effort”
Tuesday will be “Professional Day” and will stress opportunities
UeserM'ils All nuile students who hivo not yt t (ompltUil the two years bisic miliLiirv II lining ueiumd for graduation and 'irt now rmmbtis of the Naval oi Marine Coips Reserve iepoit to the Adjutints ot-
fico PuuUie. Armoiy for impoitant infor- Puiet (lUth
niation nlaiivt to youi stitu
Pill Lambda Upsiloii Pledges: Meeting Fia^aj Tunc 26 4 30 p m irt room 820, Chcmistiy building All pledges must attend.
—ADAMS
Camera Club: Meeting Thursday, June 26, in loom 104 All members please bring dues
Ihi following ph ISO be there DnscoU, Anione intcicBted in joining is welcome to
Schutt Wilson, Noe King, Pingij Paglie- attend.
luio Seiioui —PURMAN
—PURMAN ^
— - Union Recreation Committee: MeetUig Union Defense Committee* Meeting Mon- Monday June 22, at 4 15 in Union office day June 22 at I 15 in Union office The The following please be there* Clark, Dittlollowing please be there Watkins Dvoiak man Ciuick, Billica, Satini, Gluck, Fpun-
ColTing Cohen Wright Bush Ciaig tame
CHAPMAN and SIEGLER —NELSON and HUTCHINS*
Umon Publicity Committee: Meeting All Male Juniors: The new ‘’Army EnMonday June 22 at 4 15 in Union office listtd Rtseive Plan’ for college students llie following please be there Charwater olKring defeiment from active duty to Colhiib Shapiro, Woodwaid Miiitm, Stall- giaduation will be explained by a member jngs Lippeit ot the Purdue Military Depaitment staff
TRIER and KATTERJOHN at a meeting to he held at 4 p m Mon- — day June 22 in Room 101 of, Michael
Union Puttering Shops. Meeting Monday, Golden shops All physically fit male juniors
Turn 22 t 1 15 in Union ofTue The foi- are urged to attend.
lowing please be thcie Hubei Slater, « —GRAHAM
Li\in Caldirelh KIESTER Alpha Phi Omega Pledge meeting Tues-
Reserve
(Continued frorrj page 1)
Faculty Members Attend Regional Meeting Of ASME
Wednesday Prof. H. M. Jacklin, , i
for professional impiovement. Top- j L,gtoj, ^nd C W Phelps ten lequests lioin the Navy Departics to be discussed include the phil- attended the regional meeting of the ^ , osophy of vocational education, fu- Ameiican Society of Mechanical En- members of the Enlisted tuie farmers and the changes the Automotive members of war will make in the schools. Dr. Engineers. The meeting, which is advanced ROTC will be comClement T. Malan, state superin- held m Peoria, Illinois, has been in mi^'Fioned nr accordance with existtendent of public instiuction, will session from Wednesday through legulations upon graduation
ment. The policy of commissioning C P. Zufall and Prof. D C. Brody a limited number o± Army ROTC also attended the meeting,
graduates each year in the Naval or Mai me Coips Reserves is to be continued The numboi oi those so commissioned is to bo based on writ-
RIORDAN Alpha Zota Impoitant m(etin.r Tuesday, day Tune 2S at 7 00 p m m Swedish Students and Faculty: All those inter- June 2) in room 305 of Union at 8 p m lounge Bring repoits
(Sttd in Rdigious Emphasis Week intct —DlLSSLIN —WILBUR
in Union il " 30 p m Tiasdav “M ly 23
Inquue at Wtst Disk for loom Union Mnmc Room Committee: Meeting Alpha Phi Omega; Pledges aaid a^Uves
— GEITINGER Monday June 22 at 4 15 in Union office meet by northwest door of Union Saturday, Tlu loilovving please be there Hillaid, June 27 by 6 30 p , for hike to Carr
Gold Peppers: Picnu with Reamers Sun- SmHh May Stallings, Flanagan, Reynolds,, Camp Formal initiation to be held at 11 00 day June 21 at 8 30 a m behind the Meikel p m at camp Camp ends 8 30 a m Bunstulium / —SIMONS —McDONALD day —WILBUR
speak on the possibilities of “Voca- ^ghay.
tional Guidance ”
The banquet will be held Tuesday night in the Noith Ballioom of the Umon. Biuce Hardy will act as toastmaster, and the piincipal address will be made by Pi of Chailes
Defense
(Continued from page 1)
ing units, slugs oi magnesium
B Murphy, ot the depaitment of rjjjout two-thiids the size of the reg-
histoiv, economics and government
Those not taking advanced ROTC will be sent *to the neaiest Replacement Center ol the Aimy. Upon succo'-sful completion ol the iioimal couise of training thoieat they will bo commissioned as second lieutenants piovided they aie otherwise
qualified
The confeience ‘•Technical Day”
when members of the University staff will discuss faim management, war time puce control, animal husbandry, agronomy and other farm
topics
ulation two pound bomb, were ignited and subjected to vaiious types
Wednesday, eontiol. The bombs buined lap-
will close with
Neihardt
idly foi eight to ten minutes when Ignited by theimite leaction, when no attempt was made to cuib the combustion Officers stated that tno most efficient and convenient method of contioiling magnesium incendiaiies foi the aveiage householder was a fine stieam of watei. Diy sand was lated as second choice. Sand Controls Bombs Using diy sand, one of the students was able to conti ol magnesium combustion and place the sandcoveied bomb in a pail within .53
seconds
The dangei ot using the common caibon tetiachloiide fire extinguisher was convincingly demoristiated when the stieam tiom the extinguishei was turned on a magnesium slug The 1 esulting coluds of smoke contained deadly phosgene and chlo-
iide gasses
Students Study Gases
Dili mg the past week the students m the school have been given tiaining m identitying such gasses as mustard, lewisite, phosgene and chloiopictin by then odoi Tomorlow they will have then hist gas
Typewriters—Adding Machines all makes chamber drill With gas masks. Bold, rented, repaired and pui chased Mime- i egraph woik done C J Ebeibhoif. C05 Mam, Lt Colonel W. A Johnston, dlLafayette Phone lectoi of the school, announced that Wanted to rent: 6 room house all on one filSt night demonstl atlOll in the floor or with lavatory on hist floor Occu- , , , n ,* .1 « .7 . pancy on OI befoie August 15 Location near skel6t01T VllI<lgG 1101 ill 01 the SlaUniversity pieferred Communicate immc- wniiPl ho Vinlil Ti’tiflnv niobi diately with Ivan Niven 81b West Columbia WOUlU De neiU I'liaay nigni, ChampaiKn, Illinois July 3, at 8 15 p. m The demonstia-
atches guns, tioii Will be Open to the general pub-
Loan Office
(Continued fiom page 1) tompanist who assist in the lyric and diamatic leadings A literary family, the Neihardts aie pioficient in three of the arts—-the father rn lyrical poetry, Sigurd as a concert pianist, and the mothei as an accomplished faculptiess Doors of the Music Hall will open at 7 foi the piogiam, and admission may he obtained by season ticket or pas^poit Single admission tickets will be available at the door
for 60c plus tax
LETS STAMP OUT THE AXIS!
Classified
Ads
SUDDEN DE\TH plays a part in Columbia’s “The Invaders,” which stars Lauience Oliver, Leslie Howard and Raymond Massey starting Thursday at the Latayette theatre. Above IS shown a scen'5 from the film, in which a Nazi U-Boat captain attempts to fight off attacking Canadian bombers . . . and tails.
Money to loan on diamonds luggage typewriters AJbfit
407 Columbia
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4th and Main St. Lafayette
SCOBEE’S
GREETING CARDS
— AH Kinds of Photographic Supplies —■
FOR ALL OCCASIONS
Fresh Film and Film Pks — Try Our Quality Kodak Finishing —
University Book Store
PROMPT SERVICE
Across From Union
Phone 2343 105 Northwestern Ave.
“Red” SgmiHono ’29 *‘Dol” Epple ’40
IT'S WARTIME ECONOMY ( to send your Dry Cleaning to Crown. Clean clothes last longer. Garments moth-proofed ^s v’c clean them. Crown Laundry
Top of the Hill
America must be first—on the fields of battle, on the sea, and in the air. For those of us who are still at home, whether we are serving on defense projects or not, our job is to shar^ in our government. , ( LETS STAMP OUT THE AXIS!
★
BUY
SAVIIGS BDIVDS and STAMPS
P. S
★ ★★★★★★★★★★★★★