MGR REVEALS Number Of Congressmen Who Have Sons In Service
EstabUshed 1889
9 Here it is. “Blade”
ITALIAN PRiSS States Existence Of Black Market In Food There
55^ No. 116
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, April 4, 19^
l^lacade Will Entertain Unit A Wins Scholastic Award Dr. Sockman Will Speak
Comedy Events ftaiemities. Sororities To Contest For Prizes In Best Skit Competition PlAns for the annual Galacade are progressing rapidly; many sotorities and fraternities have responded to the opportunity of vhiining the money prizes for the best skit or comedy act put on in the pool. According to the advance resumes which ih April 1, the shows will be uproariously funny, full of oHglhality, and will be littered with jokes of all sorts including thb usual run of “build up your own and knock down the other fellow’s”
fraternity.
The show will consist of fifteen events and will be given on Monday night, Api^il 12, at 8. Some of the main attractions will be the Comedy Diving, of the same caliber as shown in the Aquacade; swi\nming and diving exhibitions put on by members of the Women’s Swimming Association of New York; the annual trophy struggle between the freshman and varsity swimming teams, and the skits of the various fraternities. Heidke Will Attempt Record ftoy Hdidke will attempt to bieak the world record in the 150 yard brehst stfoke as a part of the program. Heidke broke two woild’s records at-the Aquacade last fall. ipoach Papenguth plans to make the skit contest an annual affair, and a featured paid of the Galacade in years to come. The preliminaries of th^ Contest will take place next Thursday, April 8. Each fraternity or COfoidty Will be allowed fifteen minutes in the pool with the judges as the only other persons present. Preliminaries Scheduled The preliminaries will be lun off according tp the following schedule
on April 8:
7:15. . Phi Kappa Tau '?:8D. . . Delta Upsilon 7:45 . Kappa Alpha Theta 8:00' . . . Acacia 8:15 .. Sigma Phi Epsilon 8:30 Triangle and Alpha Xi Delta 8:45. Delta Gamma 9:00 Kappa Sigma 9:16. . Alpha Chi Omega Other preliminary showings will be announced later.
Al Picks A Winner
War Council To Hold Music Show April 10
Audience To Take Pert In Program
By Jack Dominik
Predicted to be even bigger than the repeal of prohibition is the music show to be held in the Music Hall Saturday, April 10. The show, under the sponsorship of the Student War Council, will start promptly at 7:30 p. m. so that it will not intorfei'e with the Scabbard and
Blade dance.
Al Stewart In Charge Al Stewart will be m charge of the program which may take the farm of a community sing. Because to-program is entirely free, the afidibnee will have to provide the entertainment, which will be grand enough to match the size of the Music Hall itself. Any fraternity or sorobity pledging the attendance of two-thirds of their membership will be given a reserved section and will be allowed to sing any song of their choosing. Any barber shop quartet aspiring for fame may reveal its latent potentialities during the spectacle. Stage Sham Battle Diversion will be the purpose of the show. Al will prove to the audience that people have more fun than anybody. It is possible that there will be a sham battle between a1 and the Gldtzes, who are deliberately attempting to sabotage the
show.
Possibly the color of the favorite shorts of the heads ot the different dfepartments and schools on the campus Will be revealed—-among other things. Rumor has it that the truth about what happens on the roof of the Music Hall will be revealed. Al himself says that anything can happen and probably will.
Yarling Wins First
Place In Ceres
ERC Asks Voluntary Induction Of Sophs, Juniors Engineers Inductees To Remain Until End Of Semester According to a communication received in the President’s office from the Fifth Service Command Headquarters, a limited number of qualified sophomore and junior engineers will be permitted to volunteer for induction into the Army. Advanced ROTC students may inquire at the Armory to obtain information about provisions which have been made for them under the plan for “Voluntary Induction of
Students.”
Student Status Explained A portion of the letter received from the Service Command pertaining to the status of students after induction is as follows: “Junior and sophomore engineers at institutions where the first term or semester starting in 1943 has not been completed, if inducted voluntarily, will remain at the institution in an inactive status, until the close of that ferm or semester and then will be called to active duty and be sent to a Replacement Training Center for training for a thirteen week or shorter period. Those then selected for Army Specialized Training will be returned to a designated college or university for such training, or some may then be selected for training at an Officers’ Candidate School.” Must Submit Record Applicants must present a transcript of their college academic record to clearly indicate their eligibility for consideration for voluntary induction. In addition to this letter of academic record each of the students seeking induction must have a letter from the head of the institution or the Armed Services Representative containing a statement as to when the first term or semester that begins in 1943 has or will terminate. Quota Set At 1200 Quotas for this Corps Area for sophomore engineers have been set at 1200 students, while quotas for junior engineers have been set for 770. Quotas for induction of first and second year advanced ROTC students in engineering have been set at 1990. Advanced military students must bear an authenticated letter from the P.M.S.&T. of the institution from which induction is
requested.
Maury Mahn . . . will play for the annual Scabbard *and Blade dance to be held next Saturday in the South Ballroom of the Union after the convocation. Officers and men will attend a banquet befoie the dance
at 6 p. 111.
Judging Contest Sigma Delta Chi
MT Cert-ificates All students not in the Enlisted Reserve Corps or the Advanced Course ROTC and who expect to be called by their Selective Service Boards in the future should call at the main office of the Armory to make arrangements for their Military Training Certificates. These certificates should be taken to the Reception Center after induction and shown to the Classification Officer. These certificates can now be obtained by those students in the ROTC and also by those non-Adv. C. juniors and seniors who have completed their basic ROTC training.
Scoring 530 out of a possible GOO points, E. P. Yarling was winner in the junior and senioi division of the Ceres annual corn and small grains judging contest held in Agricultural Hall yesterday. E. V. Brown placed second with a close 524. Placing fiist in the fieshmansophomoie division was M. A. Mohler, who was the highest scorer in the contest Mohler amassed 572 points out of a possible 600. V. E. Lockhait was in second place with
488 points.
To Award Medals Medals will be awaided fiist and second place winners m the near futuie. Yarling and Mohler will receive gold medals, and Brown and Lockhart will leceive bronze medals. In addition, the names of the first place winners will be engiaved on trophies which commemorate the contest Yarling is a seventh semester senior in ijhe geneial agriculture option, and Mohler is‘ a fourth semester sophomore majoiing in agiicultural education Contestants judged samples of eai corn, maiket corn, hybiid corn, soybeans, and wheat A wiitten quiz was also given to test then general knowledge of agionomy Professoi F E. Robbins was lesponsible loi selecting and placing the grain samples used in the con-
test.
. . . national journalistic fiateinity, will hold then intiation banquet in looms 363 and 365 of the Union Tuesday at 6 p. m. All actives and alumni members are invited, and the Leather Medal anej' Best Teacher winners will be selected at that tune. Pledges should report by 5:30.
McWhorter Leads Cary Hall Team Unit A of Cary Hall South has been awarded the trophy for the team having the highest scholastic index for the summer and fall terms. Professor Emeritus George W. Munro of the Mechanical Enginneering School presents the award to the team who ranks highest of those entered from each residence group on the campus. John R. McWhorter was the high man of the winning team, and his index for the two semesters was 6.17. The o^er members of the team were ER H. Wormser, R. H. Cornell, H. F. Miller, H. Collings, and L. R. Sjoblom. The average index of the team was 5.76. Indices for the last semester dropped considerably over the previous terms, but not because of _ability, because the change in the grading system, which did away with the H or 6.5, lowered the possible average. High Indices The organized coed having the highest average for the year was Carolyn Wood of Pi Beta Phi sorority. Her standing was 6.13. Of the fraternity scholastic indices for the two terms C. M. Bush, Alpha Chi Rho, was the highest man. He finished the year with a 6.01 average. M. C. Creditor from the Salisbury House was the highest man among those in Student Co-operative houses. His index was 5.53 for the season. The Ann Tweedale’s high student was Ruth Lumpkin, who topped the women of SCA with 5.31. High Indices Of Local Houses Local houses for boys were topped by M. J. Gutzwiller of the Purdue Only house. He stood as best with a 5.29 index. Bonnie Felder of the Otter-Be-In house headed the group of girls who live in local houses by making 4.87 for the two terms. Instead of being awarded at convocation, as it has been in the past, the trophy was given in the President’s office recently by Professor Munro. Soil Conservation Workers Discuss Service Program A meeting of the Soil Conseivation Society, University agiicultural expeliment station and extension department workers, was held Fiiday at 9 a. m. in loom 263 in the Union building. Discuss Technical Program Purpose of the meeting was to discuss the technical service program in Indiana. Field workers met with technicians of the Animal Husbandly, Hoiticultuie, Daily and Agronomy Departments in attempting to utilize plans foi better corn dination in the service. Questions raised included those concerning pastures and inci eased livestock production. After the introductions weie made by R. 0. Cole, Kenneth Welton reviewed the service organization, its progress and problems. Director Reed then made a few remarks. Leadeis of the discussions weie Professor A T Wiancko, 1. D. Mayei, C. E Swain, and R. M. Kiiebel.
Sdiricker Names At Convo This Morning
April As Home Safety Month Governor Begins Farm Safety Drive ' By proclaiming April as Home Safety Month, Governor Henry F. Schricker inaugurated the farm and home safety campaign for the state of Indiana last Tuesday in Indianapolis. Wasted War Effort According to Prof. F. W. Graham, Secretary-Treasurer of the Farm and Home Safety Council,‘one of the many wastes of the war effort is shown in the increased farm accident figures for the year 1941. 18,000 persons were killed and 300,000 were injured on the farm or in agricultural occupations duidng the year, as compared to the casualty list of the present war which now stands at approximately 36,000 total killed, missing and injured. Some insight into the size of these figures is obtained by comparing them to the number required for certain farming operations. In wheat farming, the total number of man hours lost by farm accidents is more than two and one quarter the number of man hours required to harvest the entire nation’s wheat crop. Other figures supplied by Dean V. C. Freeman tell the cost of accidents to the victim. Most costly accidents are falls which result in the average loss of $59 per accident. Injury by animals, machinery and hand tools waste an average of $39, $30 and $24 per person in that order. Reasons Cited Reasons for such accidents cited by Dean Freeman included carelessness, overloaded machinery, uncleanlmess, improper care of tools, overwork, poor-fitting clothes, improper storage and above all thoughtlessness. According to members of the Farm and Home Safety council, an increase in farm accidents is expected this year and so safety precautions are being stressed by local administratois and insurance men as well as by ladio, posters and newspapers. Evans To Give Social Work Discussion Wednesday, April 7, at 4 p. m. Dr. Evans of Indiana University, a representative of the Training Course for Social Work, will speak in Room 109 of the Education Building. He will speak on the opportunities and advancements in the field of social work for women. Social Service work, psychology and sociology will be the main topics of the lecture.
Noted Pastor To Discuss 'Nation Under God' At Religious Assembly Dr. Ralph W. Sockman, pastor of the Christ Church iii New York City and minister of the National Radio Pulpit, will speak today at a Religious Concovation in the Hall of Music At a. m. on “This Nation Under God”. President Elliott will preside at the convocation. Dr. Sockman, who always bcipga an inspiring message on a current topic, is coming to the University for his sixth time. ' Popular Radio Speaker As a radio speaker, he has been popular and for several years haa conducted the National Sunday Forum over the NBC network. After the death of Dr. S. Parks Cadman, Dr. Sockman became his successor on the Radio Pulpit. Dr. Sockman served two years as Associate Minister of Christ Church on Park Avenue at Sixtieth street in New York City while working for his doctor’s degree at Columbia University. After receiving hiS’d^ree, he was chosen as pastor of the same church where he has preached for more than twenty-five years. Speaks On Many Campuses Many colleges and universities have asked Dr. Sockman to speak. Itecently he was elected to the Harvard Board of Preachers, where he will speak frequently and share in the responsibility for the chapel program on the Harvard campus. Dr. Sockman’s latest book is “The Highway of God”, which contains his Lyman Beecher lectures given at Yale in 1941. He also haa a number of other books to his credit. Choir Will Sing , He will leave the University campus soon after the convocation to fill an engagement with the Chicago Sunday Evening Club. The choir of 200 voices under the direction of Albert P. Stewart will sing two anthems at the convocation.
Future Farmers Hold Conference On Campus
Honorary Degre^| Awarded To Eight
Between 360 and 400 members pf the Future Farmers of Americ%ipat for their 14th annual state conyqntion at the University yesterday and Friday. They came from the 80 active chapters of the Indisma
Association of the FFA.
Mudball hey there clarence i was just noticing the ho bicycles hign they put up in dr elliotts reserved parking space at the north door to the union i look for prexy to become indignant if he ever takes to
riding a bike —MUDBALL
WBAA
. . . the oldest radio station in Indiana, will be twenty-one years old tomoriow. Over 326 topics are covered weekly by the student staff of technicians and announcers under the guidance of a statics dilector and a production manager.
Doc Calls For Caution . . .
’Slice ’Em’ Miller Begs Ball Players Not To Use Ball Bat As War Club
By Jack Dominik In Spring a young man’s fancy lightly turns to thougts of—baseball, according to Doc Miller. But with baseball comes the possibility and probability of accidents. Doc is under the impression that a great deal more caution could be used on the ball field than is now being exercised. Batted In Teeth Recently a man was brought into the Health Seivice with all of his iippei and lower front teeth .smashed and a bad gash in his mouth. This accident would have
not happened had not the batter Cdielessly flung his bat away. Doc also said that this accident would completely change this man’s military status and make him ineligible for officers’ school. Suggests Exclusions He suggests that all umpires be instructed to throw any man out of the game if he throws his bat. If there is no umpire, “It should be the duty of all other playeis to insist that any such individual who persists in throwing the bat cease such piactice or drop out of the game regaidless of the situation.”
Possibly the use of catchers’ masks would stop some of the accidents. This isn’t the first time we have had accidents, according to Doc Miller. Previously men have been brought to the Health Service with broken noses, and some have been unconscious for hours. No Fatalities—Yet “Nothing fatal has happened yet, but it may be in the cards,” he added. All caution should be exercised in keeping players and bystanders away from the batter so that no moie such accidents, and none worse, may occur.
Alpha Chi's Celebrate Silver Anniversary With Formal Banquet Alpha Chi Omega, social sorority, held its twenty-fifth anniversary celebration in the chapter house yestrday. The silver anniversary was attended by many alumnae and chapter members. Among the honored guests were Miss Hanna Keenan, national secretary, and Miss Estelle Leonard, Cambridge City, one of the founders of the original chapter at DePauw in 1895. The day’s activities were highlighted by a banquet in the Union building last night to honor the charter members that established the local chapter in
1918.
The chaiter members of Alpha Chi Omega include: Myrtle Boyer Zollinger, Chalmers; Mrs. Charlotte Peckinpaugh Mayer, Mrs. Monelle Baker Beeson, Miss Vera Kent, West Lafayette; Nelle Parker Jones, Buiton, Wash.; and Virginia Stenim Cheney, Cleveland, Ohio, formerly of West Lafayette; Mrs. Inez Deardorff Haskins, Mrs. Uldine Claikson Hall. Mrs. LaGreta Lowman Rieley, Mrs. Lucille Dorner Gibbs, Mrs. Pauline Lewis Keilholz, Mrs. Mary Clark Bichel, Mrs. Pauline Scott McConnell, Mrs. Elizabeth Meyer Cunningham, Mrs. Effie Thompson Dillion, Miss Irene Carlisle, Mrs. Hortense Barnett Jones, Mrs. Christie Mott, Mrs. Marian Tilsworth Frasher, Mrs. Vada Loudamore Mast, and Miss Katherine Mountz. The banquet committee was composed of Mrs. Ruth A, Hamlin, Prof. Leila R. Gaddis, and Prof. Laurentza Schantz - Hansen with Mrs. I. D. Mayer and Mrs. Stanley Green, general chairmen. Mrs. D. C. Slipher was in charge of reservations and Mis. H, O. Mayer was in charge of publicity. The tea^ at the chapter house today is to be in charge of Mis. Lloyd Vallely.
Eight Receive Awards Friday night at the annual banquet eight farm boys received j:be “Hoosier Farmer” degree, which is the highest award given for achievement by the state organization. The eight who weie successful in passing the rigid tests and requirements were as follows: W. C. Holtke, Perry Whipker and Eugene Wbitside, all of Columbus; Paul Burbrink and Neal Boxman, of Seymour; Sam Stidd, Martinsville; Gene Fagen, Hagerstown, and Birna Adams, of
Connersville.
Indiana FFA President Willi^ Prather of Martinsville presided over the initial session which began Friday moming. William Davis gave a report on the last national FFA convention which was held last October at Kansas City, Mo. Akt that time Davis received the “American Farmer” degree, the highest order of the FFA.
Chase Speaks
Principal speaker at the Friday afternoon session was F. G. Chase, of the education department of Swift and Co. in Chicago. He discussed the topic of “A Nation's Meat”. At the banquet Friday Mr. Chase was awai-ded the honorary “Hoosier Farmer” degree. ^ Saturday morning Professor 0. F. Hall of the University history, economics and government department, spoke on the subjject of “Where Do We Go From Hqra^**
Closing Session
The closing session of the meeting was a business meeting tn nyhfdh the officers for the coming yearwgge, elected. These are as follows: ident, Paul Appel of Evansvil|B; vice-piesideiit, Sherman Mc^qe of Avon; secretaiy, Dick Balser of Delphi, and treasurer, Donald of Delphi. Piofessor Kilta of the University was re-elected eiiecutwe secretary, and Pi’of. H. F. Ainsworth also of the University was re-elected state advisor.
Tee Gee . . . town girl’s club will sponsgr a tea dance in the faculty lounge of the Union Wednesday from until 5:30. Admission charge is cents per person. The dub wUlhdd a meeting Friday to disenes for the summer.m-
Purdue Exponent
' '' ' ^ Sunday,'ApHV4^m^ ^
Purdue Exponent
\ Offices; Ediforial and Business
\ Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005
Sporfs, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Honorary Editor William G. Hoskins
Willi the Colors
Editor Business Minager Ketvs Editor ManasinK Editor..... Beiiior Advertisinff Manager.. Sports Editor....: Coed Editor Coed Business Executive
.■, Dole E. Butz ...Gerhard H. Klouman ..Robert W. Boswinkle Sally Beall .lames G. Petty Joseph S. Dawson Jean I.siucr A. Jane Keim
Publication Staff Editorial Staff AasOciafe Editors: F. .T. Vogh, .1. T. Tlichanlson. T. I.. Tilton, W. H. Tyson, W,. 1,. Vormilion, M. L. Smith, C. C. Mavtindeil, E. Murpliy. Coed Staff: Phyllis Mann, Martha Lee Riggs, Carolyn Wilbur, Elaine Ahrens. Sports Staff: C. Sowards, J. Ackerman, D. Shryer, R. Smith, Business Staff Assistant Advertising Manager: J. Filpi. Advertising Managers: J. Floxon, C. Gaunt, J. McCullough, J. Tabb. Circulation Manager: R. H. Krocplin. Accounts Manager: Mary Dilts. The Purdue Independent Editor-in-Chief ...^ Bert Squier Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Vcrsniith Sports Editor: Smith Day Editor: Riggs Issue Editor: Costello Workers: Ford, YargaC, Bayne.s, Speck, Gregory, Dominik.
Entered as second class matter at tlic post office in Ijafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1878, and at the special rate of postage provided for in .section 1108, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published on Tuesday, Thursday. Friday and Sunday mornings durin gthe year. Delivered locally by carrier for .$1.75 , for a semester or $3.00 for two semesters ; by mail for $2.00 for a semester or $3.50 for two semesters. . Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., Nciv York, N. Y.
Blood, Sweat, Tears And PRODUCTION According to the report of the War Production Board for 1942 which was recently issued by the Division of Information, the United States transformed itself from the world’s greatest producer of peacetime goods to a producer of the machines and. equipment of war at a rate unequaled by any nation. At the end of the year, our nation was producing shooting equipment at a rate more than four times faster than in November, 1941. The production of all munitions in 1942 was estimated as being four times as large as the 1941 production and the ordnance production was over six times as high as the levels , of the previous year. Over five times as many merchant ships and three times as many aircraft were built in 1942 as compared with 1941. According to figures announced by the Office of War Information, the 1942 war output consisted of the following: 49,000 ' airplanes, 32,000 tanks and self-propelled artillery, 17,000 anti-aircraft guns and 8,200,000 deadweight tons of merchant shipping. As 1942 ended, the United States, a strong nation which was going to get leaner and stronger, strode ahead, carrying a production load that none but it could have lifted. The importance of production is well stated in the words of Donald Nelson, which prefaced the production report and which go as follows; “The American people are,entitled to a report on the progres.s of production in our first year of the war. Today we are making as mahy combat weapons—tanks, planes, guns, ships—as many as the entire Axis. Today the United Nations together are turning out twice as many weapons as the enemy. “But we can not win a war simply by equaling or even out producing our enemies. We must have a smashing superiority and keep it that way to the end. And we must remember that we cannot win by production alone. Victory will be won on the fields of bloody battle—by our soldiers, sailors and marines—the best and bravest fighting men in the world. “So I give you this solemn thought: The cost of keeping our freedom will be measured not in money, in time, or production, but in American lives. The boys who are fighting our battles will win more quickly and with less loss of life if the men on the production front give them every possible advantage in combat weapons-^if we accept willingly and quickly the changes in our lives that make such production possible. Keep this thought burning in your minds and hearts: That countless lives and untold suffering will be saved if extra effort at home brings victory just one month closer. The grimmest fighting and the hardest work lie ahead of us.” These words from the pen of our former production chief show the tremendous importance of production in supplying our fighting men with superior equipment which will help to shorten the war and thereby save American lives.—d.e.b. Time Draws Near It surpri.scs us how the Exponent gets around. When an article appeal s in the paper, iti.sn’t noticed just on the campus; the paper goes into every large high .school in the state, to Army camps all over the country, and to various alumni and interc-.sted friends of Pur,due in the darndest iihices you can imagine. For instance when we wrote la.st week that Sigma Delta Chi wa.s going to make the Leather Medal and Be.st Teacher awards in the ne;ir future and wa.s asking for recom-
mSliWTOK . '■ Tm U. S .p4t. OH. MERRY-GO-ROUND Ry DREW PEARSON Japan Esf-ablishes Hew ^ases To Threaten U. S. f^acific P!ans; England Sends Pair Of Shoes WASHINGTON—Here is why Gen. Geprge Kenney is urgently'asking for more planes for New Guinea. The Japanese have now established a series of runways (miniature airfields) which, in connection with existing airfields, now permits the- delivery by air of fighter planes for Japan all the way to New Britain, The line of flight runs from Japan along the Japaneseheld Chinese coast to Singapore, Java, New Guinea, and New Britain. This is both significant and discouraging in connection with our plan to take the big Jap naval base at Rabaul, thus get within bombing distance of the still larger base of Truk. This plan now looks increasingly difficult, because the Japs are able to deliver even fighter planes by air, and because most yYmerican fighting equipment is now being sent to the other side of the World, 9 Shoes From England It took the combined efforts of Lord Halifax, Congresswoman Clare Luce of Connecticut, the LendLease Adriiinistration and the British Board of Trade to get one pair of shoes exported from England to the United States recently. The shoes W'ere for a U. S. world war vet, and the red tape surrounding their shipment gives the lie to isolationist charges that the British have been doing a big “export business” in British-made articles, such as farm implements, which we also ship to England under lend-lease. ; The war vet, Avho lives in Mrs. Luce’s district, requires a special type of orthopedic shoe because of foot wounds suffered in Prance in. 1918. A firm in Edinburgh had been supplying him with shoes, but recently he was informed that the firm couldn’t sell him any more. The British government had slapped a ban on the export to the United States of any , articles which it was getting by lend-lease. We have been lend-leasing a great many shoes to England, so it looked as if the ailing vet was out of luck. However, the beauteous Mrs. Luce went to bat with Lend-Lease officials, who took the matter, up with: the British embassy. Lord Halifax then addressed an urgent letter to the British Board of Trade, requesting that, for “compassionate reasons”, an exception be made in this case. After considerable discussion, the Board relaxed its regulations and issued a special export license for the shoes,. ® Gongresssona! Sons In Service Representative Wright Patman of Texas has prepared a tally showing that 42 Senators (nearly half the total) and 79 Representatives have at least one son in the service. Congressional sons and daughters in the service total 160. i The highest rank held by any Congressional son is lieutenant colonel, two sons of Senator Hattie CaraAvay of Arkansas having attained that rank. Representative George J. Bates of Massachusetts, and Augustine B. Kelley of Pennsylvania have the largest number of children in the armed forces, Bates having three sons and one daughter in the Navy. His son-in-law, Lt. James B. Ginty, also of the Navy, has been killed in action. Representative Kelley has three soils in the Army and one in the Marines. The following members of Congress each has three children in the armed forces: Senator Harry F. Byrd of Virginia; Senator James E. Murray of Montana; Representative Frank W. Boykin of Alabama (another son awaiting call from Coast Guard); Representative James M. Curley of Massachu.sett.s (including one stepson); Representative Calvin 1). Johnson of Illinois. © Nazi Peace Don’t be surprised, if, the Nazis pull some political tricks in Russia in the. near future. What has happened at Kharkov may bo the tip-off. ■ That city wa.s abandoned by the Nazis with little resistance, now has been retaken, after fierce fighting.. This may mean the Nazis have decided to try for a negotiated peace and know they can’t get anywhere with the olive branch so long as they are on the defensive. If they are on the offensive in south Russia, however, they are-in a position to bargain.' ® Capital, Chaff Official flag of the Ollice of Civilian Defen.se, which Director James Landis has beeii flying from his ear when on official missions, recently was stolen from his desk on the 10th floor of the DuPont Circle building. ... A notice posted there asks the guilty party to ple-dse return it. . . . Whit-haired Congressman Joseph Mansfield of Texas gets around in a wheel chair, but has one of the best attendance records on rollcalls in the Hoase. . . . Representative John Z. Anderson of California was flabbergasted when lie received a note from a woman constituent, signing herself "Mrs. John Doe”, protesting again.st the employment of women in war plants. . . . “As long as women work in shipyards. Congress ought to pass a law requiring men to bear half the children,” Mrs. Doe stated. . . . The paper shortage in Britain is so acute that newspapers have been reduced to from 4 to 6 pages, yet under reciprocal lend-lease the British have gladly supplied paper for the printing of the A. E. F.’s two publications in England, “The Stars and Stripes” and “Yank”. mendations, we received replies from an official of an airplane plant in Dallas, an Army Lieutenant in New Orleans, a patient in the Great Lakes Naval Hospital, and so on, as well a.s numerous suggestions from students and faculty here at home. We appreciate cooperation such as that. While we’re on the subject of the awards, however, the winners will be selected this week and announced in Thursday's paper. Sigma Delta Chi will still welcome any ideas you may have concerning who should be the winners of the Leather Medal and the Best Teacher awards. Just write down your suggestions with a bit of comment if you choose and send it on down to the Exponent office. SDX wants to make the choosing of the winners, as much as possible, the work of the students and faculty.—r.w.b.
//
The Ratio
APRIL FOOL According to a survey recently conducted by this here rag, the old ratio is one of the first things read, so we hope you weren’t too surprised the other day when you turned to the colyum and read all those impossible things. We especially wdnt you to know that Annie O and Joe Dawson are still clicking quite well as far as we know. In fact, Annie gets more beautiful every day.
NOW IT CAN BE TOLD Alpha Ghi Mary Jane Snider was very worried a while back that we were going to tell about the Delt pin of Curt Lanins’ which she had since last Feb. 13. Now she'.assures us that all is well and that we can reveal the true facts. As. we remember things, that was about the time she and Theta Chi Mac Lehman broke up their short-lived romance. Either brother Mac was taking the duffy all falong or Mary Jane was on the rebbund. We wonder which.
DIDN’T WANNA GO
You could tell by Theta Jan Roberts’ beaming face that her old flame, Sig Ep Stan Matthews, was ill town the other day. In fact they both enjoyed the visit so much that Stan stayed over till yesterday morn instead of leaving Friday like he was supposed to. That’s true love, ladies and gentlemen. . And while we’re talking about the Thetas, did you hear about the
See RATIO, page 4)
to the
Dear Editor: \ Yesterday one of the memiiers of our fraternity was called into the Army, Air Corps along with several other Purdue students. When he went to the Registrar’s office to withdraw from the University ho was informed by one ofthe secretaries that, although it was too late in the semester for him to receive any refunds; it was still too early for him to receive any credit , other than an “incomplete,” the value of winch is doubtful when there is a time lapse of one war between, getting this “grade” and making it up. There remains in this semester seventeen days, which is, in the language of the layman, “Two stinkin’ weeks!” No one we have talked to experienced any difi'iculty in recalling several statements made in the Exponent -and by President Elliott to the effect that the University would stancl by the students called to the colors in regard to ,both fees and credits. Earlier in thi.s semester many were called to the Air Cor)).s. They received fees l)ut- not credit. This was fair cnougl!. Now we v/ant the school to' live up to the second half of its promise. 'Vi-’e realize that this is a situation .whicli has not, come up before this time but a solution must be found now. Ours is this: full credit should begin at the points in the semc.ster where rofunds stop. Pvt. J. K. Kuhn, J’vt. K. P. Woolery, U. S. .A.rmy Air Corps Enlisted Rcser-ve.
Problems For
-To facilitate their consideration, problems should be handed in on separate signed sheets by 4:30 p. m. Friday of the week of posting of the problem. Include Avith each solution a signed statement that the solution was obtained unassisted. Solutions are to be handed in at the Mathe-
matics office. PROBLEM 13
Prove that if ax' + bx; -f c = 0, then the six equations that can be formed by interchanging coefficients will have rational roots if a + :b -f c = 0, arid a, b and c are rational numbers. Solutions to last week’s problem submitted by Jacob A. Lazerson. No. of male freshmen 42 No. of married male freshr men i— 26 No. of unmarried male freshmen 17 No. of married freshmen.... 147 No. of married male freshmen 25 No. of married female freshmen 122 .1. No. of freshmen...., 525 Freshmen total of married , and unmarried male and mai-ried females 164
Jidlhijouup
JhiL
J>oundcdijoh/L
Christian Foundatiort will end its series of forums tonight with
No. ,of unmarried female freshmen 361 No. of married male students (all classes)...: 86 No. of married male freshmen , 25 2. No.' of married male stu-, dents 61 ■ (All classes besides fresh- : inen). Total No. of married students 470 No. of married freshmen and married males 208 3. No. of married feiriales (not including freshmen) ...... 202 Total No. of male;students.. 312 No. of freshman males and nmrried males (not freshmen) 103 4. No. of unmarried . males (excluding freshmen) 209 No. of freshmen (from 1).... 525 No. other males (from 2&4) 270 No. other married feriiales (from 3)- :......:..l 262' Total No. students 1057 (Excludin,g non-freshmen, unmarried females)
By Jack Abbett and Jim Richardson
According to Mussolini’s official newspaper, Popoio d’ltalia, Italians who still have the money are eating better than bef drfe the war. Black market restaurants are thriving in.the land of the boot and for ten or fifteen dollars, one still may obtain meals with all the trimmings. The newspaper went%n to shy that “this insolent racket must end.” The government authpr-
. ities have also taken a hand.in the affair by reminding black marketers that death mayj'he the penalty for such enterprises. A later announcement has said that because of Numerous black markets, any possibility of an increase in food rations have been prevented., II Duce has a serious “speakeasy” problem on his hands which can’t be sblvqd: by
Pageant of Worshp” written un- means of internal revenue o%0.i's. der the direction of Prof. Fred East- Solution rests in three simple, but man of the. University of Cliicago. ironic words—a full' stomach. . Taking part in the program will be XXX Eugene Roy, Terry Busby, Byron Complete independence for Spice, Harold Addison, Alice. Fox, Puerto Rico, a thing which has been Effie Ann Snider, and Jacquie Tyl. discussed before, came to a head the Bob Nash is stage manager; Betty other day in Washington ivhen
Democrat Senator Millard Tydings of Maryland proposed a bill which would, in the end, aecomplish complete independence for that West Indies ijiland. Tydings, who was also author of the Philippine independence plan, has made the First Puerto Rican plan much on the same general, scheme. The present proposed'bill can\e after President Roosevelt had a.sked for in ore home rule on the island. Puerto Rico, long an expensive experiment for Uncle Sam wants inde.jiendence and if the present sorry condition existing there due to a high degree of unemployment and sub-marginal living conditions i.s a true example of what our experimentihLg has done (or failcfl to do), perhaps the Puerto Ricans thciusclvcs would like to ti'y their liaiid at a solution
to the many-sided problem.
King, costume director; Mai'y Gray, make-up director; and Joan Woods, student director. A quartette froiri the church choir with Don Aper at the organ will appear in the production. After the program a com^ munion service i will be given by Rev. Doyle Mullen of the
Christian Church. , ;I: . ,
The time and place of the Sunday evening program has been changed. The FelloAvship Supper will bo held at 5:30 p. m. in the basement of the Lafayette church. The pageant, which replaces the usual candlelight vespers, will begin at 7:30
p. m.
A picture of the members and cabinet of the Roger Williams Foundation will be taken immediately after the morning services. The Forum hour will be held at 6:30 p. m. and members are asked to bring questions for the question box. Xhe last cabinet supper and business meeting will be held Tuesday, April G, at 5:30 p. m. in the
parsonage.
SHAVE HITLER SAVE AMERICA hizu
Pafronise Exponent' Advertisers
Everything for a College Educalinn DEAC’S
NOW SHOWING
TWO WOLVES IN SHEIKS’CLOTHING
lUHA
•NOW PLAYiNG
THE YEAR’S GREATiST PICTURE IS ’MDfCATEU TO i0¥E
For oil.war-time sweethearts . . . for every girl and boy who have found each other in a war-torn world .. . This picture is theirs to acclaim and thrill to!
urtfMm
low PlAtllO
'i KENKY☆bhb FWCK and ■?VIUGE»E'HIM®
* ISunday, April 4, 194B
I r
1‘9'i
K
- t
Boilermaker Sports
fifgeli
BASl^BALL COACHES PLEASED WITH TEAM
BOILERMAKER BOXlRS
DEFEAT GARY 'T
CLUB, 4-0
t.
Few Veterans Report For Boilermaker Nine With the opening of the baseball schedule still a month away, Coaches Pop Doan and Beit Sanders aie well satisfied with the fine weather and the fine showing that their pioteges
have been making
In the game played against the Cleveland Indians eaily last week, the Riveters turned in some fine plays m both the infield
and the outfield In addition to
Riveter Sluggers Defeat Gary 'Y', 4-0; McHillen Brothers, Beers, Owen Win
Heavy Attendance Expected Far Twelfth Annual Gridiron Clinic
this fine work on defense, the Boilei maker batters were able to get four clean hits off some good major league pitching Three members of the last yeai’s vaisity form the nucleus of the pitching stiff Most prominent is Ed Misselhoin who faced the Indians foi one inning Irv Claseman and Bud Sciipps aie the other holdoveis Paul Sobonya a junior has been turning in some good peifoimances as has Letti vich, a inembei of the Navrl Tinin ing School who has been lepoitin,, foi the last week Tvio membeis oi last year s fieshinan squad piovido the Riveteis with good leseives Both of these plvycis were mem beis of the vaisity basketball team They are Jack Kennedy ind Ld Timm Anothei biight pitching prospect IS Freshman Maitii Lose Walt Smith In the catching deputment the coaches are encountering one ol their major problems in trying to find a suitable replacement for Walt Smith last years first string re
ning infield combination In addi tion to Buikhaidt other shortstop candidates include Hriilying Hen ry Sti im of football fame and
Junior Jack Iimschei
Second Basemen
At the keystone sack tht Boiler makers will be quite will iortified with the return of Inn fehoemrkei who understudied Hairy McFeiien list season Steve Rudasics vho was one of the lew to gel a hit against the Indians huileis has been tuinin,, in some good woil and IS given a good chance to win the staitmg position The thud c rn didate for the second b ise job is Bill Berber ran one ol the best pi ry eis on the licshnirn brsletbill
te rm
Jim Jennings who comes to the Riveter squad with an impicssive record m ide while ho w is r h school pl^^cl 11 Griy is the Ic i I ing candid rtc lor the ftioL bise po sition Bill Lo Igc anothei niemhci of Dutch 1 cluing s Cieshmrn brs kctball squid completes the first base roster lo complete the infield the CO idles will piob ibly c ill upon bas
Last night before a crowd of ibout 300 spectators Jim Beers pro inotecl one of the first boxing shows ot the year consisting ot Intiamui al finals and a team match between the Riveters and the &aij Y The Boilermaker sluggers beat the up staters 1 0 In the opening lout of the ere iimg Dave I iil in lost i decision to Steve Dowell in the Inti iiiiuial 1G5 pound final I ollov ing th s lout Yoeman fed Owen bcxiii.. Cor the Ri\eteis tool i decis on tioin I ill Joyil of C aiy in a 155 pound tuss e The McMillcn biothers who icp resented the Bolciiiileis it the N itioi il C ollcgiatc Ch rmpi rn hips were both sruccsslul in winnin,, then bouts In tl e he iv^ w eight I cut Jim McMillcn lugged it out with
Bill Shearer in a fast moving bout and was awarded the decision Don McMillen won the 165 pound bout from Lewis Roper in a close deci Sion In the final bout between Gary and the Riveters Coach Jim Beers outpointed Babe Diummand of the Gary V It was the large amount of experience and the fine in fit ht nc that pare the coach his victory Don Hcile won a 170 jjoiind Inti a muial bout fiom Joe Giegon In the othe 175 pound Intramural bout r comedy show was staged by Bob Steele and Jmi Howell with Steele CO itinually sci ding his opponent m to the ropes with tael les Chief Spcci rhst Lott U S N R refereed the bouts
ceiver, who is now m the armed ketbrll stri Eddie Ehleis to h rn
service Only three candidate ha\c reported for this position and none of them have any previous varsity experience At the present time the leading candidate for the slot is Marcus Pickel, a numeral winner last season The other backstoppeis that have reported are ireshman Harry Pilar ski and Alex R ryschich With the return ot only one ex perienced infieldei Shortstop Bill Buikhardt, it will be a difhcult trsl for the mentors to assemble i win
die the hot comer duties Ehleis his been hitting the bill bird ii practice and seems to have the edge over Chuck Wii„ht i reserve 1 i^t season ind llcssc i fieshmin as pii int Since Duffy 1 iiend i lettcimir list se ison ind iom Buigei ue letuinmg the outfield should be tl c stion.,est department oi the to im In ad lition to these rctuii mg y ii sity members seveial members <f 1 ist y e u s rhmie squail h ive lepoit
ARC
TODAY THRU WED
FIRST RUN IN LAFAYETTE
Elroy Ileidl c Riveter sophomore swimming ace iccompanied by his CO ich Did Pipcnguth kit Wcl nesd ly for the ii itioiial AAU swim ining ch impionships m New Vorl t ity where Heidke qri ilificcl Fi 11 ly for the finds of the 220 vird bieaststrol e Second In Big I en Hciill c finished sec i 1 1 chii 1 SI liner of Michig i i in the final of the Big Ten 20J yud 1 icast'-trcke rice 111 the finrl cl the LCkA m et Heidi c fini^he 1 louitli m a stiong hell ol cr lest u Is ove he same distincc The youthlul P uleimil er who is 'older ol the wcrll records at 50 meters ii i 50 yards i e\p"ct 1 1 mile i stiong lid i the 2^0 ch mpio ishi]) Nolise Men who h re been woikin^ tow aid flu lemoral ol i 2 f,i idc in PI 12 slu Ilk! cnetk fheii I ccords in niy ofnee —f I I M II
Fencmg Meet Lost To Cuivet Cadets 1 or the second time this se rson the Riveter fencers went down to defeat bcfcie the Culver C idets this tunc by in 18 7 score Fred Rosen was the only Boiler m il ei that w is iblc to score more thin one victoiy winning four bouts J he C omplefc Summary Lldied Culver beat Biy rut Pur dio 5 2 Fitz-,ei dd Culver beat Mumper Purdue 5 1 Rosen Pur due belt Kioh Culvei 5 4 Riss C ulvei bgitKiufmin Purdue 5 2 Vy nil, ( ul/^i belt Flcischmin Pu di c 5 I itzgei dd Culyei P Vint Purdue 5 ^ Kioh Culver be t Ml mi c 5 1 I i s be t Rose i 5 V'ynne be it Kiulmrn 5 1 1 e M c t 1 k schi r in 5 1 Kioh e t B V r t 0 ' s 1 e it Mui pc i r oscii 1 e it \\ me I
I I
1 Ic d P s 1 ° Wy I no
1 utl
( i h Cl
Sul due
1 I c i 1 u f n 111 1 1 Pit/gei 1 5
t Bi y ml 5 1 Mimpeileat 5 I sen Pl 1 Uie 1 c it C uh ei 5 11 icli enboi i be if ( ci e P 1 e ''ll C i y c be it I leis 1 i ir I i ^ ^hmid C Illy Cl Icit Piyr^
0(1 toi iction Jol n Ghmew Isiclcloff Iloy lid '^yhnii 1
IN ick
Mu
till Allen Veres dlihnic 6 ch eis 1 ist sc ison h lyc reported lo the
V usilv sq« i I
int PluIuc '' 1 I ohm f ihe 1 t it Mu npei 5 ko ci Purdue be it rhom IS Ciihci a 2 Kirfmin Pur due leaf Kioh ( uher o 4 ind Riss be t Greene 5 0
► Baseball Team Working Out For about thieenveels noyv some thirty to forty candidates for the Riveter baseball team have been working out daily under Assistant Coaches Pop Doan and Bert Sanders Head Coach Dutch Fehimg is still helping Burnham with the football team but is expected to take over the diamond reigns m a couple of yveeks The team this year will haye plenty of practice under their belts before the opening clash since the revised schedule does not call for a game until next semester ^ Prospects Bright On paper at the present time the Boilermaker outfit looks like a sure bet to pl ice high in the Conference standings Hoyvevei yvith the ERC felloyvs leaving in April and with the numerous other chances for loss of key players in the next month or two it is hard to predict just yvhat Fehiing yvill have by the tune the season gets under yvay On the other nind since all ol the other schools arc at the same disadvantage yye are expecting the Boilelm ikeis to pull through yvith r yvinnmg season this summer ^ Expect A Lot From Misselhorn If Ed Misselhorn continues to mipiove like he has in the past tyyo /ears he should be one ot the bettei huilers m the Big Ten this year Ed has a sharp breaking cur ye bill yyhich had eyen the Cleveland Indians syymgmj, at the an in the „amc last yveek His fast ball has plenty of hop and he seems to have enough control—yyliat more can you ask of a college pitchei ’ Ed is v senior m the Mechanical Engineering school so will probably be aiounct all summer Chinewicz Look Plesity Tough One ot the bi i^htcst spots in tho Boiler m kci lineup seems to be Johnny Ghirewie.^ i slocl y h id hitting sophomore Johnny s fine de fci sive pliy a^a nst Cleveland last Wednesday fuithei justified our I icdiclian last year that he yyould develop mto ouc ot the best outfieldeas Puidue ha seen in the past lew yeais Chmeyvicz is one of those felloyys yyho syymgs from the heels and tales a laice healthy cut at the ball TJi 111 e a Iol of college ball playeis John frequently connects ^ May Lose Ehlers Fd Fillers is anothei natural yvho Ins several years of amateur bill playing bchm 1 him Hoyvevei Ed may not be around next semester to ho y the I oileimal ei fans just yvhy he yvas good enough to plrv yvith the I if yctie Led box list yen only r freshman Ed has possibly II e 1 nc t t uoy m^ urn ot any of the thud basemen m the Confeience a u! m addi'ion can _ct his share oi hits
ADM8SSSONS Adult'S Matinees 20c, Evenings 25c—plus tax Childrens 115c—tax meSuded
ALSO
"EVERYBODY'S WAR" TECHNICOLOR FEATURETTE
"POPEYE" CARTOON VICTORY SHORT
rdf-. Friend And A Host Of Rookies Veteran Pill Buighaidt should be a prominent fixture at shortstop if the Army lets him stry m school a yyhile Duffy Eiiencl anothei valu ible letter man from last year is leidm,, the race for the leit field posi tion Duff hid a little trouble Inndlii g those fly balls in the Cleyelind ame 1 ut yye 11 just hi ime that on tnc yvmd With i host of hard yv or king freshmen and sophomores b rifling loi the lemamm^ positions it looks 111 e the baseball team is in tor a good ye ii—movidin,^ the Ai my takes
it a little slow and easy here
IM Schedules Minnesota Grid
Squad Begins
Spring Practice
Eoi thf' fust lime m many yeais
Aliniac ota iocLbill practice is set to open on \piil 5 yyithout the ccitaiiuy of f unous backfield men Cl ds 111 liiiemi ii being on h ind i 1 om 11 t y tai b squ id i id be him 1 noyvkci^^e tint imon„ the sopho moies theie yyill be 11 th*^ yv iv 110111 h rlf i do/cn up ot nev men y\no cm cvcntuilly step iito the
veterans shoes ind do as v\cll Hcilcoach Dr George Hauser h s sent out h s riinu il c ill to plav
or s who he thiiil s will muiii but
i 1 the squad hows ip on Koith
lop field this Wv^cl Ic IS say in,, 1 tk u 1 I 01 DIV c u \ho will
isl 11 pi 1 ,3 pi ciicc IS av mg
oven less
iJniLi t am Ot I uturc
In hi 1 i the mice it unties ot w ii uc It 1 1 1 c i 1 itics ot i act ) 1 V 1 t \ ! 10 vs th it wn Ic foothill y\ ill le continued m t' W v rein Confer i cc is m
Vn Cl lean pl iv mg 11 i c in II til c'''
( H VLI ^OIIL5B\LI Monday \pril 5
CoLut 1 —7 00
Lilli i ys Ln t ( Unit V Unit 4 Lilli 5 V I I it 7
i VSIB Vl I
Monday \pul a
4 lo
Di imond 1—A.c rci i vs Phi Kap pa &i in Di imond 2— Cliili i C hi Rho vs Iv pp Si 1 1 Di unond — Mj ha Tv ip r a L unb d i Vs Iv ipj) i Dell i Rljo Dnmon 1 1—Vli h i Sigma Pin vs DcltiUpsiloii Dia aioiid 5—Vlph i 1 lu OmCt, i V Dell i 1 III Dell i i)i moil f—bell Sigmi Psi vs Dck ( hi D iiaond 7—Signn \lpha Epsi lo 1 vs 1 au 1 psiloi I hi Di i no 1 8—bi,,m i Clii vs Sig
111 k u
oL le
11\ 1
hi) tad c 1 Ijnn is the talented young lady ulio plays the role cf Sadie Gook in the NBCW I W V c and Sade se-i res This jiioqriiin may be heatd at 10 lo a in, Ol 5 15 p m, CWT.
btheduk In Doubt
Vt tic iiomcnt ii t L\vn the 1 c( r k 11 ,, a loi 1 L\t t all c i a I c n 1 k 1 I ICC i nt\ w i la tl 1\ 1 COllSl LlURl nil OlUL w h it I cl ^,,11 h i 1 1 t i w It 1 I t sba i ( a ml Oh St It 1 i I i iicult L IcsLt till t k 1st L It 01 rhe ctnci i il
g 1 illy schc luk 1
S u h wcVLi IS the i let th it wlnte\ei men y\ith tooth ill ibility and i yen to plav haptien to be on the c unj u uevt till will le jei luitk 1 t ,,cl II t ) the g ii le
Friday April 9 will see the opening of the t-welfth annual griditun clinic at the Boilerraafcei Field house Since the clinic's inception in 1932 by the late Noble Kizer, it has become a standout feature of the spring sport activities in the middle west Heavy Attendance Oaigmally the gathering was at tended only by high school coaches throughout the state Since then, however it has grown to include features by many national gridiron dignitaiies As in years past the attendance is expected to lie be tween 300 and 500 coaches, trainers, and athletic heads Each year the program has included discussions by the nation's leading coaches lectures and demonstrations by top notch stars, as well as a discussion on training and the prevention of the injuries that so often hamper a grid squad The meeting is always climaxed by a banquet in the Union building, where President Elliott has usually headed the speaker’s list It is doubtful if he will be in attendance this spring since his war duties have kept him so very busy Clinic s History Looking back briefly into the hj.stoiy of the clinic in 1941 the featured tactician was the renowned Fianl Leahy head raentoi of the Irishmen from Notre Dame His discourse that year covered the topic of Football Strategy ” Also on the speaker s list at the banquet was James Kearns featured spoidis writer of the Chicago Daily News At that time Leahy had just come to Notre Dime and the season be fore he had led a great Boston Col lege squad to the Sugar Bowl There spail ed by Charlie O’Rourke, the Eagles defeated the top team of the South 19 13 Isbell And Hutson L rst year the program was headed by the wonder boys” of the Gietn Bay Packers pro outfit, when Don Hutson and Cecil Isbell col liboiated to display their talents before the onlookers These men have been the nemesis of every team in the National League since they first left college to join the play for pav ranks Isbell orig iirally star red in college for the Riveters while Hutson played end tor Alabama s Ci imson Tide Last Year s Features Other features on last year s pro gram included a talk by Maj John L Griffith commissioner of Big Ten athletics movies and lectures con ducted by sever al of the nation s leading high school coaches, and a discussion of Training Tech inques by Lon Munn Boilermaker
trainer
Luckman This, \ear Featured demonstrator of the clinic next week end will be the great quarterback of the Chicago Bears Sid Luckman Largely through Luckman s generalship of the vrunted T lor matron have the Bens coordinated their superior munpovvei to win the league cham pionship two out of the last three
yens
G lined I ame \t Columbia Luckm m first gamed fame at Golumhi i Univeisitv where he pliyed under the tutelage of the t nnous Lou Little Though play mg on a decidedly inferior team Luckman led all the eastern staiib in pissing ‘ind was named to the major itv of the All American selec tions With the Bears he has con ducted opeiutions from the qijar ter back slot diicctlv behind the center In rddition to calling the plavb ho h IS done most ol the punt uio rnd pibsiiia tor this great pro outfit In lour years his passing rvtidge IS bettei than 500 with a yaidigc totrl ot o800 rfis educated tOL his i ton yen puiiti rg ivtrage of 1 1 u is pc kick Ruggieri, Eviston Compete In HAAU 1 n Riu,,itii will rttempt to lucre isc his I heady laige collection t wiesll 1 c honors when he leaves yyff I his tt imiurte 'Warren Eviston toi \tw A oik on Wednesday The two Kuetcis will compete in the \ ition il AAL meet that will get under w iv on Iiiday attgrnoon The hnils ue scheduled tor Satui 1 ly 11 ,,1 Lm'
■ s'’ T<?i ^ If j,
Purdue Exponent
Sunday, April 4, 1943
upl
r.GMN AND BEAR IT ■■■
By
' University Club To Hear String Trio Tomorrow At 7:30
Univeisily Club will heai the West Lafayette high school tiio en semble in a piogiam tomoiiow night at 7 iO in the Music Room
The tiio consists of Joanne Boxell, SIUDENl BODY ELECIRIFIED
JhSL
£xjdhjcmqsi PohJi
Lightning stiuck the Alumni hall on the LSU campus Maich 20, but the damage was only slight The
Russian Gypsy An clectiical storm also put the tights
out in a numbei of the univeisity
U 5 yal. Olt AW Bis Res.
violin, Cleonice DeKay cello, Ai thui Fan man, piano Then pio
giam IS as follows
Daik Eves Deep Rivei
Ameiican Negio Melody l^uildings The damage has not been aiianged by Kail Rissland estim itcd but it is veiy likely that Chant Sans Paioles T^chaikowsky southern hospitality of the eds Sanctus Gounod coeds was at woik dm mg the
yeij foitunatc intci luption ■—The Chopin Gonisiana State Reieille
E P
THE SOLDIERS DON’T LIKE US Coeds at Akion Univeisity weic
Tiio
Fantaiaic Impiomptu
Univeisity Club
Etude Moskowski
Ai thill Fan man
“Now, Mama—We’ie not going to expeiiment on Baby with a lot of old-fashioned common sense and experience ”
University Calendar Week of April 4-10
Sunday, April 4
10 30 A M
Relig Convo—Di R Soekman
Hall of Music
1 15 PM
7th Distiiet Meeting of Business .
and Piofessional Women
Fast Faculty Lounge
Monday, April 5
1 00 PM
State Police Fust Aid Class
Room 104 Union
2 00 P M
Defense Block Leadeis Piogiam
Room 363, Union
4 00 P M
A.WS Counseloib Call Out
Lie Rm Coultei Hall
7 00 PM
PIA Dance Class
N Billioom
7 00 PM
Eiibt 4Lid Class
lowei Union
7 30 P M
National Homes Coipoiation
Room 2GI Union
7 30 PM
Univeisity Club Piogiam
Music Room
8 00 PM
Univeisity Club Meeting,
Memoi lal Union
8 30 P M
Univeisity Club Dance
S Ballioom
Tuesday, April C
2 15 P M
Puitlue Yeomens Club—Budge
Faculty L.,e Union
4 00 PM
PIA Tea Dance
S Bilhoom
7 30 PM
Puiduc Play ei s
Eli/a Fowlei Hall
7 30 P M
Maiital Lettuie
East Reception Room
7 30 P M
Fust 4id Class
Towel Union
7 30P M
Chiistian Science Meeting
Room 232 Union
8 30 PM
Giaduate Dames Musical
E Fdcultv Lge
Wednesday, April 7
3 00 P M
Town Gills Dance
I Faeulty L„e
6 30 PM
Pine Twp Sell Juii Sen Rec
Room 155 Union
7 00 P M
Meetiim of Soil Science Society
Room tot Ag Hall
7 00 P M
4 II Club Junioi Leadci Gip Meet
East riculty Lge
7 DOPM
Fust Aid Class
Towel Union
7 30 PM
Maiiidge Couise
Y I acuity Lge
7 30 P M
Am Assn ol Univ Piotessois
Room2()5 Union
7 30 P M
Vaibiiy Chiistian I el low ship
Room oOl Union
Thursday, April
3
9 00 A M
Teacheis Tiaining
Room j55 Union
3 00 P M
Scieen Review
Hall ot Music
6 30 P M
Distiist Funeial Diieetois B inq
E Faeulty Lge
6 30 P M
Masonic Dinnei Dance
N Ballioom
7 00 PM
I list Aid Class
Towel Union
7 30P M
Thos Say Entomology Society
Room 101, Ag Hall
7 45 P M
YYstein College Alumnae Club
Room 2G1 Union
8 00 PM
Piofessional Engineeis
Room 263 Union
Friday, April 9
9 00 A M
—Indiana Teieheis Tiaining
Room 201 Union
9 00 A M
Fedeiated Clubs Conleienee
Y' Faculty Lge
6 jOPM
1 ootball Clime Banquet
Room 363 Union
7 30 P M
Physical Ed Dcmonstiatioii
Womens Gym
8 10 P M
Chi Ome.,d Spun., koimal
N Ballioom
Saturday, April 10
12 30 P M
Exp Silence Gi oiqi I uneheoii
Ol 1 ( hestnut Room
7 00 P M
Bowel H S Dinnei D<ince
Y 1 <11 ally L.,e
7 00 PM
Montmoienci H S Dinnei D nice
Room ,() 1 Ui ion
7 30P M
Music I estiv yl
Il ill ol Mu^ie
8 30 PM
Seabbaid and Blaoe D inee
S Ildlhoom
8 30 P M
Mixei
\ Billioom
8 30 PM
bigma Alph i Mu D nice
’ r iLuUy I ..e
Meditation fiom Thais Massonet veiy disappointed to see then men
Joanne Boxell ^o oft to the ainii, but vhen they
TiioII Mendclbbohn heaid that the aimy was sending Alegio eneigico ^ome soldieis to take special
rpjjg couises (then ‘five hundied ai
Annual business meeting will be nvod) they wtie veiy much le held attei the musical piogiam ^hc eds and
coeds at Akion have all then mail boxes at one cential location, and
Personnel Notes the coeds leason that the aimy
might use the empty mail box foi
Companies scheduled to visit the soldieis, and fiom theie the
campus coeds could get to know the nice
Gulf Reseaich &. Development, goldiei boys The aimy lealmed this
Pittsbuigh, Apiil 5—Intelested in the soldieis’ mail boxes ChE wheie they vould not inteifeic
nith the coeds—The Akron Buch-
Ihe I irestone lire & Rubbei Co ,
Akion Ohio—Intel ested in Chem j] p ists(MS) Sign in Peisonnel Office p \ifei j) lo IHE HEAVENS
>y Wednesday, Apiil 7
Placement Notes
For Women
Twenty student oiganwations on the Cainegie Institute of Tech nology campus held an all campus sing last Iiiday night The sing ind swing was consideied to be a
Scholaiships aie being offeied by complete success and is one of the the Chance V uight Aiiciaft Coi fiist such sings evei held in the poiation to tiain college women as United St ites—(ainegic Tartan cnginceimg assistants The schol E P aiship tiainmg which is offeied to VND WIIH PVT 10 oLitst Hiding women who have com Models aie wanted to do favoiite pleted then junioi oi scnioi ycai poses lot the ait students of Ala 111 college will begin late m June bimi Polytechnic Institute Ihe at New Yoik Univeisitj announcement s lui tint the stu Altei leceiving eight months of dents th it ijiplicd foi a modclin,, special technical tiaining at N T job would be pud Wc wondci what U the students will go on to a type of life poi ti iits weic going to shop tiaining piogiam at Stiat be done with the models It must ^oid Conn Upon the satistieton not be hud foi the ut students to completion ot the eouise the concent ite on tie woik u a e im tiainees lie eligible foi positions pus be uit\ is letoie them doing in the cngineeiing depaitment ot something m i be uitiiul w iv —Iho the aiiei ift eoipoiation PI unsnian At 4 p m Wednesdav Apiil 7 ^ ^ Di Pv ins i lepi esent itive of In PI R1 1 ( I LODT eliani UmveisiU Tiaining Couise Idepi.tment of Put loi Social Woik will speal in the Uneeisit^ has deleimined the Education building and will do I’cileet e i\ lo get i giil to shov seiibe oppoitunities ind tiaining m eui\es in the piopei piopoition the field of social woik All students living the instil ctoi i mteiested iie invited to attend the ondeiful time Ihc peifeet job le
coiding to Pop IS to become an ithletic diieetoi and help the gills occomc shin and beautiful—^T he
Butlei ( ollegiaii
r p
(RIMI VND PUMSHMINT The officials at Temple Univei sitv have been gieith woiiied ovei
meeting
Diake Lniveisitv Dos Moines Iowa (Mis Cm 10 favloi Cubbige Dean ol Vomcn) is Irol ing foi i voung women inteiestcd in woikin^, foi hoi MA degiee and e lining hei full expenses doing lesidence
hall woil The stipend is full tin , ^ , , , , 111 the possible tin eat ot a second tion a suite ot looms and boaid ^ ,, , , , ,
jilus “tlo pel month Applications must be sent to the dean ot women bv Apiil 15 If vou aie mteiested will toil jilease notiiv Placement Seivice foi Women (2955) it once The Chicago Commons Summei Camp needs dietiti ins foi then sum mei session Salaiy—boaid and loom plus 5150101 the se ison Any one mteiested should call PI tee
SCAHousesToOpen Doors For Student Inspection Today Groups To Serve Refreshment’s This afternoon and next Sunday afternoon fiom 2 30 until 5 00, the Student Coopeiative Association will hold its annual Open House Today all houses west of Giant St will be open foi inspection and next week the houses cast of Giant will be open To Serve Refrcshnients \ Since this is to be the last Open House foi some time, the Co ops will seive lefieshments as long as lation books hold out The puipose of the Open House is to give the public an oppoitiinity to see how the student live to see the houses, and to ask questions about them Houses belonging to the Association aie Chaiincey, Ciicle Pines, Dovei Kneale, Luma, Maiwood, Owen, Rochdale, Salisbuiy, Wesley, and Westmmstei All the houses except Salisbiuy will paiticipate, and this house will be closed be cause all the boys but one have enteidd the aimed foices The Women’s Co ops belonging to the Association aie Ann Twee dale, Antigomsh, Glenwood, Novadale, and Shoemakei SCN A Progressive Oigaiiization SC A IS about seven yeais old and has a membeiship of over 350 students It started with two houses and has expanded to sixteen, howevei the wai slowed clown the glowing Association so that now Salisbuiv IS closed and Westmin stei and Wesley houses aie to be closed at the end of the semestei Members Of Eedeiafion The Co ops all belong to the Mid western Fedeiation of Campus Co ops which includes the houses of mid westein univeisities and has a cential ehaiiman who sends news Sailors To Hold Smoker Tomorrow Univeisitj- Naval Ti lining School will hold a Smokei in the Boilei makei Ficldhouse tomoiiow eve ning Apiil 5 at b 15 p m which w ill be open to the public Com mandei Baitlcj extends an invita tion to all male staff membeis to
ittend
Piogram Includes Spoils Music Besides wiostlmg and boxing matches the piogiam will include two musical numbei s played by the Univeisity Symphonic Band Too man Johnson accompanied by the band will whistle ‘\iehois Aweigh ’ and Alice Blue Gown” fiom Iiene ’ “Without a Song by Youmms, ind Stout Heal ted Men bv Rom iieig will be sun{^ bv bettmm Bob
Hcnk
Notices
Military Training: Certificates Ihosc stu donts who arc not in the ERG and expect to loin the Armed Service should call at he Atrnory to make arrangements for their HO rC Cti tificatts —ROBINSON Si^ma Delta Chi PkdjrGs pick up plaques in the Exponent oflicc on my dtsk
-BOSWINKIE
Dolphin CIul) Roujrh initiation Sunday it 3 45 p m in swimming pool of I leld house Tiipc IS limited so everyone please be on time Pledges buntr boxes and all othci puniphain ilia on list '—DUNN Purdue Players Meetin|.»^ Tuesday April
( it 7 30 p m in lowUi Hall
^ GRAY
YWCA Meet it thi Musk HtII bundav at 10 0 p m We will ittend ielir,ious convo in u Kroup CRAIG All Scabbard and Blade Members biRn up fu lunquet to be held Saturday April lO at r p m bclore noon Wednesday April 6 List is locot^’d on Advanced Courst Bulletin Boaid in Aimoiy It us assumed that vou mil bum a date KAII RT Dolphin Club I ormal initiition Tuosdaj Aptil 6 at U) p m ui loom 104 of the Fieldhouse SMITH AWS Lxecutne Board Meeting Tuesday Apnl b at I p m in the olfic CORNTHWAITE
quite a bit kitely Of couisc, she has SAE Glen Stockmeier’s pm, but he’s in the All Coips and we seem to think that Dave’s piano pounding and Weclgie’s vocalizing would go
togethei lathei well
To get the pin situation stiaight over in the Kappa house befoie we leave them for today and also to help you keep youi little black books up to date, we might mention that Jane Sprague now has Paul Blakely’s Phi Gam badge and that Kappa pledges Marj Matson and Marilyn GoodaH have an ATO pm apiece, whose we don’t know
SiKrtia Delta th) Formal initiation ot plcclBCs will be held Tuesday April 8 All pledgGB meet in rooms 366 and 368 of tne Union at 5 SO p tn All actives and alumni members are invited to initiation dinner at b in room 366 and 361 Leather Medal and Best Teacher Winners will he at that time —RAFBRT Skull and Crescent New initiates who have not paid initiation ftt must do so at once K'NG Triton Members All those taking part in the Kroup balkt ijolo teams and relay must attend the mcctinK 1 utsday April 8, at 7 16 fhi-s IS vay griyuRS Tau Beta Pi Pledges Pkasc got your reply into C R bt el'll! at Triangle house by Monday April 6 Don t forget to include your full n imi in it This includes your middle name too Meeting riiesdnv is now
in 307 instead of 302 ol the
I oreslers Mi T F Chan action fi restei will speak at tilt loiestry Club Wtdiiesday night at 8 “ will be held Lveiyonecome —WLAVLll Scabbard and Blade Business meeting for all members Wednesday April 7 m ArmOry at 4 p m Final airnngements about formal hall and dinner will bo announced P)eai,e
check list on bulletin
r utheran Students There will be an April Fools pally Sundaj evening Apiil 4 « ^ 30 in the eliureh basement Lverjmody wtleome -WALLACE POMM Melting Tuesday afternoon April b it 4 in the Armory Importyt that all members be present PHILLIPI Purdue University Club Annual business me ting of Puiduc University Club wilt be held Monday evening April 6 at 8 88 in Ihc Music Room of the Union A^rgo attendance is desired —DEuERlrtCi International Relations Club Meeting ort Tuisday Apnl 6 at 30 in Wesley Foundation instead of in the Union as form^ly announced —WEAR Cary Club Men All those living outside, who intend ti giuduate either in Aphl or Aubust sheuld call oi sie Cardona by Monday noon in letaid to senior plaqu^
—CARDONA
SPRING IS HERE You can tell when spniig lias come ’cause then the suekeis begin to tiade m then pins foi wedding lings In this case, it’s Delt liger Elfvin who will soon be happily (we sometimes question if this ideal it evei achieved) manicd to Bubbles Donnell> He’ll soon miss those bacheloi days
DO RL MI One ol the best laughs ot the ■week was the lecent seienade which Theta Chis lendeied toi the Alpha Chib The gill involved was Mit/i Konieek and the men involved we foi got except that thcic weie not one but three of them The seie nading gioup was divided up into thiee sections e leh caiiying an identification sign The ex pin men’ wcie on one end (have we mentioned th it Sandcison and Jane Sehutt bioko up last week''), the still hooked men on the othei end and the indiffoient boys m the middle
Classified Ads
Tjpcwritcri Adding machines all iMkea sold rented repaired and purchased Mlmeogi iiph work done C J Ebershoff 605 Mam, Lafayette Phone 2" 9 Money to ^Loan On diamonds watches, guns 1 igg ige typcwiitcrs Alberts Igian Office 407 Columbia Wanted—St idtIlls to deliver Purdue Exponent Apply Exponent olTice or call R H Kioeplin lost—In m II lest loom basement of Ui 1 11 Monday Miuhn) Swiss stop watch Wiist modi 1 I aigi reward Call Worth Yoleii a0( lu) Vint St
I osl—SI ti K w 1
eflei led and blaek fountain 1 e ill 43(8 Paul Baumgardt
Lost—Class s 1 I i nd I elui n 11 D Hill S uth
Unuii in blue case It n 1 Ikiiib room 60j Cary
Clime wave Ihe students and mem bois of the taculty have been leav mg valuables and books in paiked c us thus giving some light fingeied soul the oppoi tunitv to lift them Alpha Tau Omega . social tiateinity iniiounees the imtiatun of Robeit Douglas AI
nient Seiviec loi Y omen (2955) at Indianapolis lohn II Battei onrf ton Gieensbing Junes b Cuitis,
Ratio
(Continued tiom page 2) weeks ago that she would spend 1 hoLiis out of the week end with hei jiin man when he came up w ithout violating coed houis Well we don t see how, but she did it
China By G. B. Wu
To suppoit the pieeeedm^ cv jilanation, the lollowii e songs ton btitUte leal Chile e nuisit Iso fang TiSdo ’ a f hiiiese opcia It is a eonveisation between i h intone and a teiioi in a steiie ot the Chi iiese epic ston the line Km^ * doms” The liaiitoiK was the jiie miei who killed the whole laniih ol his benetaeto) out ot i,,noiaiice ( hinese 1 oik J tine And now an old ( lime c I oil Tune ~ k engy aiig in noi th ( bin i This son^, IS I symbol ol ai y f hi nebe town sulleiiiig the wtight ot Japanese opjnession uid Irol mg tony ai d to 11 eedoin 111 i lu w f bin i altei the iiivadei has betn dincn out J he tuiK (1 lies liaik onie 100 yeajs to the Ming dynisty j Ik song onginaljy txjinssed the mis <iy of the ( liinese jh uplt undti tin feudal system now new woid haye been wiilfen to it tallim loi le 1 sihtaiice and itliuildnig 1 il t otliti lolk tunes kengyaiig lists the pt n Ititoiiie, Ol live to It st rli yylnth omits ti and la ot Iht wt sttm st ilt Ihe tendency ol the iiiusit to Imgei (ilioiit OIK note torntys its jittuliii
1 sicin quality licit s an 1 ngli h li mslation Siy Ftii^yan,, sing lengyaiv len^yang oiite i lottly town I yei since that ty i int s Imth I inline stiiken ill yen lotmd Y e ilthy 1 iiidloi ds h id land lo sell fluiil le tumeis old then ons I hi t iKithei sons noi land Roamiim on the stiels I in,, my song Sav I en_yan>, sing 1 tngyan„, I en^y m onto a lovely loy\ n I yti since the Jap nest tame Indie s sufitiin,, yyemhttl us (low 11 J hi (null the suflei mg yst heai i t ill^ini oui nitn intl „o to yyai'
Indiana Peisonntl Boaitl an nounces that it ysishes to lective apirlieations ioi the iiosition ot Diieetoi ot St ite Peisoniiel tiom all qualified applicinis up to Apiil 11 1911 Apiiheants must have had it least tyyo jeais ol expoiiente in eiihei public oi pi iv lie peisoimel itlmiiiibtiation the Pei sonnel act hxes the salaiy lange ol the iiosition at the mm
’ll hut R ly A Goldsmith I at ay ette Ghculcs Y' Haag Ly insyillt Gus llabith Roehestei Y iltei I Ilills I exin^ton Jemi Y illnm R Hopkins Indi in ipohb Blanehaid I Home Aiidtison R Cliffoitl Maishall ( level intl Ohio Aitluii S Neive Cincinnati Ohio Donald J Netlvetl (ttiai R ijiids li Paul' OConnoi Shclbyville De in C Os tiandei W Litivete Don iltl M Rohtifson Gaiy Donald 1
At I \S1 Two Beta pins went out iccently that we have been waiting toi foi quitt a while Bob I’ltchei findlv stiaightcned out Ins senioi piom tioublcs anti dtfiiutely and fin illy planted his on Ihcti pledge Luia Rohei tson I red Hudson also lin il ly l>ut his badge on Pi Phi Mini Keene We heai that the Betas along with us weie wondeiin,, when 1 led would give in
Lon Chaney (upiiti lelt) is the Wolt Man and Bela Lugosi (upper light) poll I lys Ihe moiislei in Uni veisils 1 1 uikenstein Meets the Yoil ’Ian in wliuh Ilona M issc uul P.iti le Knowles aie ei staiitd Now plaving it the Mats Iheatie
THE LITTLE TRAMP TRICKS THE BULLY Chat he ( haplin loves slapstick In 1 lit Gold Rush ’ which is now showing First Run in Lafayette, at the \re Theatre the little man w ho IS the stooge, not for any individual but toi the vagaries of fate itself covers the whole field of tonicdy from the most airant slapstit k to the most delicate satire. His Burkstfue and iidicule are dileeted against the traditional Chap-
lin enemy—the bully
John ( Sie,, Rockpoit Mass Re tent irledges include Moi is D Diake,
imum iito but It will consulei i Sehwai/ Biukepoit Conn, and
iiighei stalling salaiy it iieeessaiy No official application iom pio
videtl but applicants ire -argod to LaPtii tc ' ’ ( lois f Dudgeon Roe!
submit tletailed inJoimation and exhibits eoneeiping then tiaimng
and expellence Applications should ta„ue Camp Atteihui y , Ind he adthessed to the Indiana Pei
^oniiel Boaitl 141 bouth Meiithan Siieet Inch uiaiiohs Iiicliaiia \gi ictiltuial specialists aie need eti by the U S Civil Soivicc Com
Y Vl( H IHIb P\IR Y'c notieetl Betty Y edge in the B1 i/ei the othci day with Davie Simpson \ little investigation jiiovetl that she s been dating Dave
DR
PAUL A RISK
DR
LUTHER A
RISK
DR
HAROLD J
RISK
— DENTISTS
400
404 Schultz
Bldg
4fli ind Mam Sfs
Phone 5701
ADULT BALLROOM CLASSES OPEN
BEGINNERS'
WED , APRIL 14
ADVANCED
THURS,, APRIL 15
7:30 P M. PHONE 2150
ALLEN’S
6th and Ferry
Oliio V\ illiam Mai ion
lieiton Ohio ml Robeit M
B u Mon
Diiveoiit ill those w ho de-eei ite mission I oi the beginning |ob
tiualifieations include a minimum of five yens ol e pciienee education Ol a combination ot the two in some scientific 01 some othei jri olessional phase ot agiieultuie ruithei in Joimatioii may be obi uiied tluough the Placement Seiviee toi Yomeii Ihe U S Civil Seivice ( omniis Sion annotiiees jiositioiis toi ant lysis in busines'- and inclustiy he ginning it 52 000 iiei yeai Inaddi tion two veais ot expei lenet ue lequiied loi the pinioi analyst lob Anyone iju ililied uul mteiested should iiKiuiie it the Plietmeiit
St 1 v lec toi Y omen
P\II{ONJZE EXPONENT
ADVERTISERS
( ui iaiitP
I eiw mg will bt i lovely tywn (1 o bt coiitmued)
Notice
\ttoidiii„ to in annoiintement fiom tilt Dtaii of Y omen s office ill itliMly sheets „i\eii to Hie toeds tills jiast week must be filled out and lefiirned lo the VMS offitt b\ 1 p m luesdav,
\piil 6
—MlRPHY
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
\ Seaman and Noel Cow aid await lest lie 111 ‘In Wliith We Seive,” now play ing i( Hu I if iv 11ft
A Matter of Thrift! Thrift is always important, but doubly so in wartime. When you conserve the life of the things you own it means less replacements for civilians, more necessities for the armed forces. USE GROWN (.LEANING SERVICE REGUEARIiY AND BUY WAR BONDS Crown Laundry
FINE DRY CLEANING
t ;1
I 1
h\