2*.t#" ' ./'^'' ■‘^‘^''•T'. ■ '■ /' ' ^: ' ■ ' , "
r
Boilermakers Take N. U. 35-24
Purdue Exponent
Z-185
SUNDAY
January 8,1939
Lafayette, Indiana
Vol. 50
No. 87
News Week
FDR opens 76tk^ congress with address. Tom Mooney freed by new California governor. Bowl Games taper off year's gridiron sport. Loyalists stem new Rebel drive in Spain. Foreign countries raise eyebrow to FDR's speech. Wage and hour law suffers relapse.
Headline Names Of 1938 Fool Holidazed Students
Gavels Bani'ed... ... at 11 o’clock last Tuesday to call the Senate and House to order for the 76th session of the congress of the United States. First report before the Senate was one charging that relief funds in several states had been diverted for political purposes. With this report and a foreign affairs discussion, the legislators lapsed into organization formalities while awaiting the President’s message on Wednesday. Opinions of the delegates themselves indicated their belief that the session would be a battle between the old-linO democrats and the new dealers for control of the party. WASHINGTON
FDR Faced... . . , senators, representatives, visitors, and microphones carrying his voice to all corners of the world Wednesday as he delivered the 76th annual message to congress. Keynoted in the speech were the presidential views on dictatorship, ideology, adequate defense, government expenditures, and back again to dictators. This was the 160th radio appearance of FDR since his inauguration. Supreme Court Vacancy ... ... caused by the death of Benjamin N. Cardozo was filled this week by FDR’s appointment of his old friend Felix Frankfurter, Harvard law professor, to the unoccupied seat in the high tribunal. Frankfurter, who will be 67 in November, was formerly FDR’s economic advisor. This appointment brings the Semitic total in the Supreme Court to two. Said Felix, “I am, of course, sensible to the obligations and honor involved.” Higher Taxes ... . . . are hinted at in the recent FDR proposal to raise the gross public debt to $44,458,000,000. His $8,995,663,200 budget for the next fiscal year included $1,609,558,000 for national defense—to be used in the building of a fleet of war planes, pushing of naval construction, increasing naval personnel, and advancing armament in general. Said FDR in regard to the arming program, “Because of the conditions of modern warfare we must now perform in advance tasks that formerly could be postponed until war had become imminent. Civil Service for WPA . . . . . . elicited opposition in congress this week as Senator Vandenberg (R.-Mich.)' stated that FDR’s propoesd plan for putting WPA employees under the non-competitive examination and the Civil Service Commission was a “marvelous perversion of the ordinary American Process.” Other opponents labeled this move as a.step toward bringing permanence to the WPA. Those backing the President stated that it would tend to “eliminate the politics in relief” for which the administration has been severely criticized. FDR last week asked for $876,000,000 to keep the relief program going until July—a figure much higher than that estimated by congressional leaders. Suggests the President—that the laws be enacted penalizing anyone, either in or out of the WPA, who is guilty of “political manipulation” of relief funds. Murphy of Michigan . . . . . . the former governor of that state, was named to the post of Attorney General of the United States by President Roosevelt early this week. Murphy will take the place of Homer S. Cummings who is retiring to practice law. Off-the-book senatorial discus(Continued on page 2)
Musk Room Presents Summers, Lanczos In Joint Recital Today Arsene Summers, contralto, and Prof. C. Lanczos, pianist, will appear on today’s music room program. Starting at 4 p. m., the program will not be interrupted for late arrivals; all desiring to attend must enter before this time or at intermission. Prof. Lanczos, of the mathematics department, will play several piano selections. Miss Summers, transfer student from DePauw, will render vocal numbers in the second part of the program. Miss Summers has been a member of the DePauw choir; is now a member and soloist of the Purdue Concert Choir, the Presbyterian Church Choir, and the University Choir. She is also known here as a soloist at the Trinity Methodist Church and for her broadcasts over WBAA. Prof. Lanczos has been heard in former music room programs and at Cary Hall. The complete program is as follows:
I
Three Preludes; BACH: C. minor. SCHUMANN: F sharp minor. CHOPIN: G minor. LISZT: Rhapsodie Hongroise No. 12. Prof. Lanczos II Ah, Love, But a Day—Daniel Protheroe. A Spirit Flower—Campbell-Tipton. The Hills of Grucia—Mednikoff. Time, You Old Gypsy Man—Maurice Besly. Arsene Summers, vocalist Lois Coffing, accompanist III BETHOVEN: Variations Tragiques, C minor. Prof. C. Lanczos, pianist Humphrey, Gregory Reign For Night At P Men's Blanket Hop Amid the boisterous atmosphere surrounding athletic events, a king and queen were crowned last night. No regal splendor marked King Paul Humphrey and Queen Winifred Gregory’s ascension to the throne of honor where they ruled for a night over ■ the “P” Men’s Blanket Hop. Five hundred couples witnessed coronation ceremony and did the grand march to fete the newly crowned couple. The queen was honored with a silver and black crown and the king was honored with a gold and black coronet. Each couple attending the dance was allowed to cast one vote for their choice of king and queen.,
Sevitszky To Direct Symphonic Program For Tuesday Convo Movements from Tschaikowsky’s Symphony No. 5 will form the first part of the program of the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra in their first of two appearances for University convocations this season. Memorial Gym will house the program Tuesday evening at 8 o’clock. The andante, allegro con anima, andanta contabile, con alcuna licenza, valse, allegro moderata, andante maestoso, and final will be played by the orchestra. Berloiz’s “Roman Carnival Overture,” an opus by an American composer, “Fugue for 18 Violins” by Dubensky; and three movements from Wagner’s , “The Master singers of Nuremberg;” Prelude to Act III, “Dance of Apprentices,” and “The Meistersinger’s Procession” will complete the program. Fabien Sevitszky, noted young conductor, directs the orchestra which has attanied wide renown in its short history. Comments and discussions of the works on the program will be found on page four, written by Walter Whitworth, Indianapolis News music and dramatic
critic.
Chicago University Pastor Will Speak At Religious Convo Dean Charles W. Gilkey, of the University'! of Chicago Chapel, who has established himself with University audiences in previous appearances, will give the monthly Convocation for Worship next Sunday morning at 10:30 in Eliza Fowler Hall. Noted preacher, author, lecturer, and educator. Dean Gilkey will discuss “Bridges into a Better World.” University Choir under the direction of A. P. Stewart will also sing “Cherubim Song” No. 7 by Bortniansky and “Thee We Adore 0 Saviour” by Dubois. THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Cloudy w^th rain and warmer today. Tomorrow cloudy and colder.
How Many Names Do You Remember? Howard Hughes or Herman B. Wells—ever hear of them ? According to Prof. 0. F. Hall’s recent popularity test most of the students on the campus have not. But of all the over four hundred students in his Education 50 classes not a single one did not know what the Lambeth Walk was. This is an annual test given by Prof. Hall to his students immediately following Christmas vacation, testing their knowledge of the 100 headliners of the preceding year. While Shirley Temple once received accolade of the unanimous vote of recognition, and last year Amelia Earhart and The Big Apple shared national limelight with Joe Louis trailing only a little behind, new names this year have come to the front. In case you feel tough at names here are the 100 that kept tongues wagging last year. Answers will be found on page four.' The following names and pTirases figured prominently in the news of 1938. In fewest words possible, point out why each made the headlines. 1— Anderson, Carl. 2— Andrews, Elmer. 3— Anti-Semitism. 4— Apponyi, Geraldine. 5— Armstrong, Henry, 6— Barton, Bruce. 7— Batista, Fulgencio, 8— Beatty, Donald. 9— Berg, Patty. 10— Blanch, Ai-nold. 11— Bragg, William Lawrence. 12— Bridges, Harry. 13— Brooks, Van Wyck. 14— Buck, Pearl. 15— Budge, Don. 16— Caras, Jimmy. 17— Chamberlain, Neville. 18— Corrigan, Douglas. 19— Cunningham, Glenn. 20— Daladier, Edouard. 21— Davis, Bette. 22— Dewey, Thomas E. 23— Downey, Sheridan. 24— Eden, Anthony. 25— Eyston, George E, T. 26— ^Field, Rachel. 27— Fishbein, Morris. 28— Flynn, Errol. 29— Gates, Harrington. 30— Godowsky, Leopold. 31— Goebbels, Paul Joseph. 32— 7-Hahn, Anna M. 33— ^Haldane, J, B. S. 34— ^Halsey, Margaret. 36—Hankow and Canton. 36— Hitler, Adolf. 37— ^Hofer; Karl. 38— Hopkins, Harry. (Continued on page 3)
. . . Dan Fisher, Boilermaker forward and center, who played a brilliant floor game last night to lead the Big Ten Champs with 14 points,
and . . .
Wagner's Music Successfully Combines Opera With Symphony
By Walter Whitworth Wagper had his theories about “music drama,” as he called it. He was fortunate enough, however, to be a genius as well as a theorist, and the sure instinct of his genius ultimately predominated over his interesting intellectual speculations.^,, Thus, the theories, quite rightly, were relegated to the not-too-dis-tant background, and the music emerged in all its glory. By the time he came to, write “Di6 Walkuere,” Wagner was wholly symphonic minded. Consequently, his is almost the only operatic music which can be played in the concert hall successfully without the inclusion of singers. Not that his vocal writing is perfunctory or unimportant. Par from it. But the architecture of his scores is based
on the interweaving and development of themes, and not on a libret-
tist’s “scenes.”
Other composers had a habit of bringing their music to a definite close several times in each act, for their vocal line was influenced by the libretto and its individual parts. Wagner’s vocal—and, particularly, orchestral—line was influenced'only by the rules and demands of symphonic writing. Maybe that is why those who go to opera only for the .singers do not like Wagner; they do not understand the significance of the orchestra in the development of the stroy as well as in the revelation of the personal characteristics of
the story’s folk. Create Moods
The “Meistersinger” excerpts on this program are the familiar ones;
Fisher, Igney Set Pace For First Big Ten Win By R. L. McDonald A much improved Boilermaker basketball team, heartened by the return of their captain. Gene Anderson, to the line-up,, successfully held off the last half offensive drive of the Purpleclad Northwestern squad to open their Conference basketball schedule before a capacity crowd of 8,500 by winning in characteristic championship style with the comfortable margin of
35 to 24.
With their fast-breaking offensive clicking much better than in their pre-holiday games, the Purdue squad opened with a scoring spree which placed them in the lead 14-3 after 10 minutes of play. Lanky Dan Fisher, displaying a speedy offensive polish, chalked up 14 points to lead in the scoring, while sophomore Bob Igney pleased the fans with his improved defensive ' ■' and under-the-basket work. Wwiwh Longs mm Completely bottled up under the basket, the Northwestern squad was forced to shoot from far out in the field during the entire first half and succeeded in dropping only five baskets through the hoop, to find themselves behind 18 to 11 when the gun sounded ending the period. The Purdue squad appeared loggy at the start of the second half and the big Northwestern squad, maintaining
Ohio State, 45; Indiana, 38. Wisconsin, 28; Iowa, 24. Illinois, 30; Michigan, 20.
Notre Dame, 37; Butler, 35. possession of the ball, gradually cut down the Boilermakers’ lead, and with 12 minutes left to play the
score stood at 26 to 20.
With a huge crowd cheering them on, Purdue team once more fell into their smooth, fast-passing, under-the-basket offensive and, with three minutes still left in the ball game they were out in front 35 to 24. With Lambert substituting freely in the closing minutes, the Purdue team contented themselves with passing the ball around in back of the court and neither team was able to score again in ^he final minutes
of the contest.
Lineup and summary: Purdue (35) B. F. P. Igney, f 3 0 1 Fisher, f 6 2 1 Zink, f 2 12 Anderson, c 0 11 Swarts, c 0 0 0 Weber, c 0 0 0 Dickinson, g 0 4 1 Herschelman, g 0 0 0 Beretta, g 2 11 Totals 13 9 7 Northwestern (24) B. F. P. Harman, f 0 0 2 Butheris, f 10 3 Shepard, f 3 2 0 Perrin, c 0 0 0 Coulter, g 2 0 0 Davis, g 2 0 1 Melchoir, g 1 0 0 Vance, g 10 2 Voights, g 10 4 Peaman, g 0 0 1 Totals 11 2 13 Ag Conference Will Open Tomorrow Judging from last year’s attendance records around 8,000 persons are expected to register for the annual Agricultural Conference beginning tomorrow and continuing through Saturday, according to W. F. Graham, superintendent of the conference. Registration will open tomorrow in the Union under the direction of Professor G. M. Frier of the Agricultural Extension De-
partment.
Opening session of the convention will be held in Eliza Fowler Hall at 1:15 with Prof. T. A. Coleman, Acting Director Agricultural Extension, presiding. Speakers at the opening event will be Mrs. Raymond Sayi’e, Iowa farm bureau and home economic leader, and Pr-of. F. R. Hall of the department of history, economics, and gbvernmentr speaking respectively on “The Pai-m Family at Home,” and “Theh Influence of. International Relations on Indiana Farm Family Life.” Following the greneral assembly the conference will divide up into smaller groups de^ng with homo economics, agricultural engineenng, farm management, horticulture, and
poultry.;
... Wildcat Bob Shepard, sophomore star, who topped the losers with eight points, and who was the spark plug of the Northwestern quintet.
the Prelude to Act III, the Dance of the Apprentices, and the Procession of the Meistersingers. They are short. Yet they are superb examples, not only of the composer’s mastery of instrumentation and of orchestral color, but also of his high gift for creating a mood of remembrance as well as anticipation (as in the Prelude), and his equally high gift for giving vivid life to the people on the stage he set.* The Dance of the Apprentices and the Meistersinger’s Procession are as sharply descriptive as the pages of a novel. You do not have to see these massed groups before your eyes to know what they are like. The music tells you. Therein lies the difference between the ordinary orchestral “accompaniments” and Wagner’s orchestral pre-eminence.
1SditM
THE FUBDUE EXPONENT
J-StcduML.
Sunday, January 8,1939
NEWS of tha WEEK
(Continued fi’Oin page 1) * sions inlicated that the legislators would quiz Murphy closely concerning his handling of the automotive industry strikes in 1937. Other presidential appointments include that of Harry L. Hopkins, former WPA administrator to the secretary of commerce position, formerly held by Daniel C. Roper. Roper resigned. Hopkins, fully instated in office, holding conferences late this week to obtain a crosssection of American business opinion and the implications of his neW job.
NATIONAL Tom Mooney, Formerly . .. . . . number 31921 at San Quentin prison, became private citizen Tom Mooney yesterday when Governor Cuthbert L. Olsen, after five days in office, unconditionally pardoned the 56 year old prisoner. Innocent in the eyes of Governor Olsen of a part in the 1916 Preparedness Day bombing, Mooney won his freedom after 22 years of fighting for retrial. Several weeks ago Mooney was denied a hearing by the United States Supreme Court. After yesterday’s hearing, on presentation of the pardon, cries of “Speech” arose. Stated freeman Mooney quietly, “I am not unmindful of the significance of this occasion.” First Democratic Governor ... ... of California in 44 years, Olsen was given a modest little party yesterday by citizens of Sacramento. About 125,000 guests attended the informal tete-a-tete, and 50,000 pounds of beef were required to feed them. Other items on the menu included 4,000 gallons of barbecue sauce, five tons of beans, 200 pounds of cheese and 25,000 gallons of coffee. More Than 500... . . . light planes roared out of West Palm Beach, Fla., Friday, bound for Miami and the annual All-Am-erican air riianeuvers. Bad weather, however, forced a postponement of the speed dash of a dozen pilots flying the New York-Miami classic. Entrants hope to break Jacqueline Cochran’s record of 4 hours, 12 minutes for the 1,170 mile, hop to win the $3,500 prize. 1939’s Social Directory . . . ... for the United States, containing names of 25,000 socially elite Americans, was graced with the names and histoiy of a family of Dachshund thoroughbreds thanks to the prankish disposition of the owner T. M. Bailey. They are registered as the F. A. Von Schneiders of Sioux Falls, S. D. Over a Million . . . . . . dollars for the suppoit of Centi'al Europe’s was pledged this week at a dinner meeting of the Standard Club, sponsored by the Chicago Jewish Welfaie Fund. Pait of the $20,000,000 nation-wide diive, this response shown by the 650 persons w'ho attended the banquet gave the promise that Chicago’s quota ot $2,000,000 would be reached. Ex-Gang Czar ... . . . A1 Capone paid $37,692.29 by proxy to the United States district court at Chicago this Thursday as part payment of $50,000 fine and court costs outstanding. This action on the part of Capone’s representatives cleaied the path for his release Januaiy 19 from his 7-year imprisonment on Alcatraz Island where he has been serving a 10year sentence for income tax evasion in 1931. He still must spend a year in Ilhnoi.s’ Cook County jail, however. A 28-Year-OId ... . . .*■ Springfield aviator, Stanley Kluzek, who paid for his flying les.sons with money he earned as a newsboy, is jilanning a “good-will” non-stop flight fioni New York to Warsaw, Poland, the land of his forefatheis. He has been promised support loi the flight by PolishAmei leans thioughout the country, and accoiding to lepoit. Polish officials have stated that they will declare a national holiday upon his aiTival.
SPORTS On the Second Day . . . , . . of the new yeai taps weie sounded for the 1938 college football season while 215,000 fans were watching ceremonies in New Or-
leans, Miami, Pasadena, and Dallas, and millions of stay-at-homes followed the respective bowl games by ji’adio. In New Orleans’ Sugar Bowl, undefeated and untied Texas Christian . generally considered 1938’s No. 1 pigskin organization, pitted its farfamed passing attack against the aggressive line play of once-beaten Carnegie Tech. ^ At halftime the scoreboard read Carnegie Tech 7, Texas Christian 6. In the closing minutes of the game Texas Christian’s Davey O’Brien led his teammates to another touchdown and kicked a last-quarter field goal that not only gave Texas Christian the game, 15-7, but stamped it as one of the greatest football teams of the decade.' In Miami’s Oi’ange Bowl, an undefeated, untied Tennessee team, nation’s second best, showed that it deserved its reputation by drubbing praiseworthy Oklahoma eleven, undefeated Big Six champions, 17-0. In Pasadena’s Rose Bowl, a versatile Southern California team tried desperately to gain the distinction of being the first eleven to cross the Duke goal line during the current season. With four long passes in the final minute of play, the Pacific Coast champions finally smudged Duke’s clean slate, 7-3. In Dallas’ Cotton Bowl, twice defeated St. Mary’s of California gave ambitious Texas Tech, pride of the Panhandle, its first defeat, 20-13, after 10 victories in a row. Football Coaches . . . . . . meeting in Chicago last week for their annual rule-tinkering, wrote an extraordinary page into the annals of the sport by failing tp recommend a single major football change for 1939. Said Columbia’s Lou Little, president-elect of the American Football Coaches Association: “The coaches feel a nice balance has been reached between offense and defense. We are now in for a peiiod of stabilization.” Kankakee, 111., Playmates . . . . . . Hairy Stella and Allen Bergner were named respective captains of 1939’s Army and Navy football teams, four weeks ago. At last week’s powwow, Kankakeemen, puffed with pride, appointed a delegation to see President Roosevelt and try to get next year’s Army-Navy game to be transferred from Philadelphia to Chicago.
BUSINESS Wage and Hour . . . . . . laws suffered anothei setback this week, as vigorous complaints of the National Boot and Shoe Manufacture! s Association came to Administiatoi Andrews, showing that all IS not clear sailing under the/ new act. As in this and many other cases, the Association has no protest of the minimum wages set by the law, but questions the policy demanded by the act foi the payment of time and a half wages for overtime work. The Association charges that the demand for shoes is seasonal, and that overtime wages would increase the price to a point where it would affect the public demand.
WAR Dogged Loyalist... . . . resistance still checkmates the heaviest rebel offensive since Spain went to war. Aided by air superiority, insurgent troops advanced slowly last week and at high cost in their new Barcelona drive. Hope fades for Generalissimo Francisco Franco and his Rome-Ber lin backers. Fascist expectations of a major triumph to impress England’s Piiine Mimstei Nevile Chamberlain before he reaches Rome on Wednesday have small chance of success. Loyalist evacuation of village Borjas Blancas brings rebel troops 45 miles from Tarragona on the L6r-ida-Tarragona front. With Borjas Blancas, insurgents hold both ends of the government’s “Little Maginot” fortifications line, stretching from Artesa de Eegre on^the nortlL southward for 28~mires. Three Towns .. . . . . fell into loyalist hands following suiprise offensives on Estremadura front in southwestern Spain. Goveinment forces recaptured Friday strategic Valsequillo, which they lost a few months ago. Also taken were towns, Loa Blasquez and La Granjuela, west and south of Valsequillo.
“Japanese Army.., . .. •will stay in China until Generalissimo Chiaftg Kai-shek is overthi’own,” said Gen. Gen Sugiyama, new commander-in-chief of Japan’s North (jhina army, at a recent press conference. The new year so far has seen little military action on China’s war fronts, FOREIGN European Countries . .. . . . listened with interest to President Franklin D. Roosevelt’s address to the 76th Congress. Short wave radio and speciaLrebroadcast translations carried F. D. R.’s words all over the world and France immediately officially welcomed what they believed a veiled threat of economic sanctions against aggressors in the President’s talk. Italy and Germany, however, received the speech with disfavor, the Italian press accusing United States officials of using relief money for political purposes and one paper in Berlin, the Lokal Anzeiger, accusing the President of following “in the tracks of Wilson.” PolitischDiploTnatische Korrespondenz semiofficial voice of the German foreign office, was much milder in its criticism but said that pei’haps Mr. Roosevelt does not know the new Germany. Two Czech Artillery . . . . . . bombardments of the recently ceded city of Munkacs, now Hungarian territory, and a pitched battle between armed forces of the two countries was reported Friday. Nine Hungarian soldiers and five Czechs were killed; and a Czech tank, mine catapult, and heavy machine gun were captured, Hungary also reported. Munkacs, a city of 30,000 lies near the Czech, Hungarian, Rumanian, and Polish borders and is part of 4,875 square miles of Czech territory awarded to Hungary November 2 by Italian-German mediation. Prof. Knapp To Attend Memphis Fire Confab Pi of. W. A. Knapp, assistant dean of engineering, will leave tomorrow for Memphis, Tenn., to attend a conference of midwestern fire school diiectors and instructors. Memphis fire depaitment will be host to the visitors during the four day conference which begins on Tuesday. Pi of. Knapp is diiector of the Purdue Fiie School which is held heie every autumn. He will pieside at the Wednesday sessions of the confeience at Memphis.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liclity
Well, here we are and the campus is surrounded by National officers from Delta Gamma sorority. Their mission is the possibility of a Delta Gamma chapter at Purdue. Hop to it you PEDALIGNS every one will be behind you all the way. Purdue needs another soi'ority of national note. —B-B— It was a dark night and all was still in the Kappa House. The clock had struck midnight and all those fellows had just left. Coming from the Bum room sprung none' other than Betty Wickard and her love Kellner. The poor l^P^as locked in the Kappa House so MOTHER MAC HAD TO LET him out—now this wouldn’t be funny but it has happened before. —B-B— Now there is a fellow by the name of STUBBY MEIER who had a date last night; he didn’t remember who the girl was or where she was so maybe you didn’t have a date, Stubby. —B-B— Peggy Sharky, Theta pledge flash smashed through with a little radio in the sweet shop yesterday. The reason was that she didn’t have a nickel to slug the gramophone . . . sum stuf. Peg. —B-B— DICK DEMARS came through this vacation and slapped his pin on a little cutie from DePauw, but says DICK quote, “I’m still going to have a few campus dates to give the Purdue co-eds a break!” unquote . . . —B-B— Virginia KAPPA ALPHA THETA BEAUTY is supporting a great big diamond on that certain finger and is it huge. They say that her true love will be a bank president some day. . . . —B-B— BILL ASH of the SIGMA CHI
ARC
TODAY — TOMORROW
/y A NEW universal picture with NOAHBEEflYJr-WILLIAMGARGAN DOROTHEA KEIT • HAN GREY
ALICE BRADY GUY KIBBEE • JEAN DIXON ERIC BLORE • LUCILLE BALL • WARREN HYMER ALSO "MARCH OF TIME"
-—EXTRA— Pete Smith's 'FISTICUFFS' with MAX BAER
‘Don’t take it to heart, Oscar—my wife made fun of my biscuits, too, when I was first married!”
group is graduating in February—■ he hopes. And that certain TOT McQUEEN will be around fellows or sitting home. Here tell that a pin will follow ASH all the way home. —B-B— All the Kappa Gals can be found in the sweet shop any day—they just sit and wait for some luckless fellow to come up and purchase them a coke or something—in the next booth sit all the CHI O’s hoping for the same thing. —B-B— This week end was a big one for most of the boys with the Blanket Hop and the Cary Club semi-formal These were two of the swellest affairs this campus has seen in quite some time.
Russian Association Dispiavs Art Exhibit An exhibit of water colors done by Russian children between the ages of 11 and 16 is now on display in Building No. 2. The display is under the auspices of the American Russian Institute of New York City and the school of home economics here. It will continue until January 19. The water colors illustrate Russian folk stories, fairy tales, and poems. Students and townspeople are invited to view these works.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
In Aid
NOW SHOWING DOUBLE FEATURE
A Tllll-llHG RIOT OF immu AIB HIART-THROIS!
RADIO Picture
— PLUS — ACCIDENTS WILL HAPPEN with RONALD REAGEN — GLORIA BLONDELL
NOTHING EVER ON STHOE OR SOREEN TO EQUAL IT! Take your sweetheart to see the show that dwarfs everything that’s gone before!
In Magnificent TECHNICOLOR! spectacle! Laughs! Romance! FRANK MORGAN . RAY BOLGER FLORENCE RICE • MISCHA AUER HERMAN BING . REQIHA|.pi QABDINgR
Starts
TODAY
UIRMBIK'^ "^ ' §^^r '''^i\S * 'S*' '^ ^'* ■*' “^ff ^ ^ ^i, „*■''* i C J ■- ^ ^ ^ ' r* * 'i^,' ^T
jp S\a|^(lay/ Icinuory 9« ][93?
THE PUBDTIE
§hnh1-A.
EXjPONENT
Riveter B Squash Team Defeats Ft. Knox Officers Despite the presence 'of opposing Army officers, the Boilermaker squash team continued its winning ways yesterday afternoon when the “B” squad defeated the fighting KnOx Field contingent by a score of four matches to two. Arriving from Knox Field, Kentucky, in four Army airplanes, the visitors gave Purdue racquetmen a strong battle. Visitors who beat their Boiler- —ip—«•—■——
maker opponents were Lt. Lee, who defeated Patrick 3-0, and Lt. Thorp who defeated Shumway of the ‘Bs’ 3-2 in a very strong battle. Purdue men who upheld the school’s colors on the courts were Fuente, who beat Sasses 3-0, Blessing, who defeated Read of the Army team 3-2, and Morley and Munro, who trounced Buckland and Gatchell of the visitors respectively by the same score, 3-0. Faculty Beats Varsity In the second meet of the afternoon, the Purdue varsity squad was defeated by a team composed mostly of faculty members. The faculty won the match by a score of three matches to one. Morse of the Faculty team defeated Sokolowski, Purdue captain, 3-2. Coach Larry LaBree defeated Juve of the varsity 3-1. H. B. Knoll defeated Blitz, varsity man, by a score of 3-2. The two varsity men to defeat the faculty players were Eberhard and Jackson. Eberhard beat Chief Clevett 3-0 and Jackson vanquished Fei’ris in a tough battle, 3-2. Next Saturday, the combined varsity and faculty team will attempt to storm the ramparts of the Indianapolis Athletic Club at Indianapolis and continue their string of successes. About 13 players will make the trip.
PEW Department To Offer New Courses According to an announcement made by Helen Hazelton, head of the women’s physical education department, special electives in the form of theory classes are to be offered next semester to any PEW students who are interested in recreational work. The ftrsir of these is recreational leadership, which will meet every Monday, Wednesday and Friday at nine o’clock under the instruction of Ray Fraser. Principles of play programs, playground work, camp, and field work will be'stressed primarily. This is a three credit hour course. Offer First Aid The last elective TCfiurse to be offered is first aid. This will prepare for meeting requirements of the American Red Cross Certificate. It IS a one credit hour course by Miss Russell, and will meet m the evening. The day and time will be arranged after registration. A new feature being intrdouced as a course for sophomores is figure exercises which will help to improve the figure and personal appearance m general. This course will meet daily at two o’clock. Sophomores will also have a choice among swimming, modern dance, badminton, bowling and tap dancing.
Table Tennis Teams Begin Tournament For Championship Two games inaugurated tbe table tennis league in the Fieldhouse yesterday afternoon with Team No. 3 trouncing Team No. 7, 8-0, and Team No. 10 winning 6-3 from Team No. 1. Belfield and Dunham each won three games out of three for Team No. 3 while Sheets, of the same team, won the other two. Pfeffer, Branner,^and Anderson of Team No. 10 each won two out of three in the other match as did Darner, of the losers. These matches were the first of a series that will be played by 10 teams of students in which each team will meet each of the others, the championship being decided by the final standings.
Phi Gams at the University of North Caroline have a nice way of showing their Christmas spirit. They sponsor a bundle day. Actives and pledges cover the campus and pick up bundles of clothes left outside of doors by students, and see that they are taken to some charity organization. The response to this bundle day is so great that the University has to furnish a truck to nelp the poor pledges. —C— “A university is known not by its curricula but mainly by the type of men it turns out,” says C. H. Spenser, national president of Tau Beta Pi. “When you finish your college career, you have laid down a baseline for a lifetime of service.” —C— Student politicians at Wisconsin will think twice before they stuff a ballot box or tamper with votes in any way. One youth was put on probation for the rest of his college career because he changed 11 ballots in the recent junior class presidential election.
MEAT MEMORANDUM: ♦ Our meats are delicious for any meal and a sure-fire hit when you have company in for dinner. City Meat and Poultry Co.
220 North 3rd Street
Phone 5372
DEWENTER'S ANNUAL STORE WIDE CLEAiANCE OUR GREATEST VALUE DEMONSTRATION SALE
SALE HATS
$4.00 HATS now $315
$5.00 HATS now $375
$6.00 HATS now $395
MACKINAWS $8.50-$10 Plaid Wools, now ..$5.00 $8.95 Plain Colors $5.95 $11.50 Plain Colors $7.95 $15.00 Plain Colors $10.00 SWEATERS Button and Zipper Styles Regular $3.50 values $2.45 Regular $3.95 values $2.95 Regular $5.00 values $3.85
PAJAMAS Regular $2.00 and $2.50
$155
2 for $3.00
Values to $1.65
One Special Lot. Now
$|00
SHIRTS Regular $2.00, $2.25 and $2.50
2 for $3.00
One Lot Values to $1.65
$100
$^55
DEWENTER'S
416 MAIN STREET
fielder’s...
...choice
Bela Sigma Psi Downs Sigma Nu To Win Inlerfralernily Bowling Championship
Last night an improved Boilermaker outfit fought off a Wildcat team which made 24 more shots at the basket than Purdue but only managed to make 11 baskets to the Riveter 13 , . . Purdue has been making a greater percentage of its shots these last games ... in the first four home games the Boilermakers made more shots than their opponents, and in the last three contests the tables have been turned . . Purdue still managing to roll up a winning score except in the case of the Southern California contest. —^fc— “First Fling” Fisher started out the scoring in both halves ... in fact he chalked up the first five points of the game behind his name . . . we vote his performance last night as the best we have seen for a long while ... as a ball handler he is one of the best. —^fc— Last night there were flashes of that deceptive dribbling and passing which made last season’s team such an elusive and winning quintet . . . Anderson contributed his part in that... it was gratifying to see him in there again with the saiUe old fight . . . his foul gathering mania, apparent in all of his games heretofore, has evidently suffered a relapse . . . praise Allah for that. —^fc— Pm due’s defense was working well, too . . . Northwestern was forced to take their shots from out on the floor m order to score at all . . , they only made two under-the-basket $hots while the home cagers made nine . . . some of the Wildcat players looked like prime football material but it didn’t avail them any. —fc— Weber underwent his first ordeal under fire for a few seconds at the end of the game ... he still didn’t get his hands on the ball though . . better luck next time. Fencing Team To Meet Notre Dame Saturday Instead of meeting Notre Dame as announced in the Exponent yesterday, the varsity fencing team will meet the Irish squad next Saturday m the Fieldhouse at 2 o’clock. Sevei al practice matches between members of the squad were held yesterday and Friday, as well as matches with students who are not eligible for participation. Included in the latter group was transfer student, Giampaolo G. Carrara. Carlaia, who came heie last fall from Rome, is considered an excellent fencer, and he gave the squad a taste of the game as he had learned it in Em ope.
Cinema Cnes
By Betty Wickard Jeanette MacDonald and Nelson Eddy are as glamorous in modern dress as they ever were in costume in “Sweethearts,” screen fare at the Lafayette starting today. As a famous married stage team the two have an opportunity for character acting as well as for offering a musical feast of Victor Herbert’s song hits. —C-C— Buck Benny’s Buckaroos will move into the Mars today to stay through Wednesday in “Artists and Models Abroad.” Jack Benny and his theatrical troupe are locked out of their Paris hotel in costume to furnish an hour of laugh sequences. —C-C— Those who missed “Boy’s Town” in its first run here have another opportunity to see this sterling motion picture offering at the Luna today and tomorrow. Spencer Tracy plays Father Flanagan, idealistic priest and founder of the town and Mickey Rooney is its recalcitrant member. —C-C— “Straight Place and Show,” Ritz Brothers’ daffy horse-racing comedy featuring also Ethel Merman, Richard Arlen, and Phyllis Brooks may be seen at the Luna Tuesday and Wednesday. “Hold That Co-ed,” featuring John Barrymore as a vote-chasing, co-ed-kissing governor, Joan Davis as the world’s only female fullback and Marjorie Weaver and George Murphy as a new romantic team will complete the bill. —C-C— Tommy Kelly and Ann Gillis, the Tom Sawyer and Becky Thatcher of “The Adventures of Tom Sawyer,” are reunited in RKO’s “Peck’s Bad Boy at the Circus,” now playing at the New Main theater. Tommy feeds sleeping pills to the lions as part of a revenge scheme played on lion tamer Edgar Kennedy in a laugh-provokingy scene. “Accidents Will Happen,” with Ronald Reagan lounds out the double feature. —C-C— “Joy of Living,” a laugh-studded romance starring Irene Dunne as the upstage actress and Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., as the man who taught her how to enjoy life will be offered to Arc patrons today and tomorrow. “Some Blondes Are Dangeious,” a story of the boxing I’ing with Noah Berry, Jr., and Dorothea Kent forms the other half of the double feature. “Cassidy of Bar 20,” another of Claience Mulford’s westerns starring William _Boyd as Hopalong Cassidy, wiirbe teamed with “Mr. Boyd Steps Out.”
HAYS JEWELRY CO. EAST SIDE OF SQUARE FINE JEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
Moke The Best Of This Year Try Our SUNDAY SPECIAL THIS WEEK A Delicious Roast Turkey Dinner 35c MITZFS CAFE 213 VINE ST.
The Tops In HoteUStops
HOTEL FOWLER
4th And Ferry
Lafayette
Beta Sigma Psi was the winner of the annual inter-fratemity bowling tournament, defeating Sigma Nu 2422 to 2410 in the finals held yesterday afternoon in the Union Building. Average team scores were 484 for Beta Sigma Psi and 482 for Sigma Nu, giving the winners the edge by two points per man. Antibus of Sigma Nu had the highest score, 539 in his three games. Reguly led the victors with a 533 score. Others over 500 for Sigma Nu were Munk, 526, and More, 502, while for Beta Sigma Psi Zickler scored 503. Jackson, Tool Co. Manager, To Ledure, Show Movies At ASME Meet Wednesday P. S. Jackson, assistant manager of the Rockford Machine Tool Company, will lecture on “The Application of Hydraulics to Machine Tools,” Wednesday, January 11, at 7:30 p. m. in room 101 of Michael Golden Shops. The talk will be illustrated with motion pictures. Sponsored by the American Society of Mechanical Engineer, the meeting will be open to all. Pence, Agronomy Instrudor To Address Farm Women At luncheon Tuesday Noon M. O. Pence, of the agronomy department, will address a group of women interested in attending the conference of Associated Farm Women of the World to be held in London, England, next summer. The luncheon meeting will be held in the Union Buildiog at 12 noon Tuesday. Pence, who attended the Grasslands Conference in Europe in 1937, will tell of his experiences at that time.
Haw Many(Continued from page 1)
39— Hughes, Howard. 40— Hutchins, Robert M. 41— Hyde, Douglas. 42— Jones, E. Stanley. 43— Jones, Rufus M. 44— “Jimmy’s Got It.” 46—Kagawa, Toyohiko. 46— Kai-shek, Chiang. 47— Kennedy, Joseph P. 48— Koussevitzky, Sergei. 49— Krum Elbow. 50— Lamarr, Hedy. 51— Lambeth Walk. 52— Lewis, Kathiyn. 53— “Listen! The Wind.” 54— Louis, Joe. 55— Marble, Alice. 56— Mann, Thomas. 57— Mai tin, William McChesney. 58— Massey, Raymond. 59— McAdoo, William G. 60— McKesson & Robbins. 61— Means, Gaston. 62— Mooie, C. R. 63— “Munich Pact.” 64— Murphy, Frank. 65— Musica, Phillip. 66— “My Dieam House.” 67— “New England’s Worst.” 68— Niemoller, Martin. 69— O’Brien, Davey. 70— O’Daniels, W. Lee. 71— Ol3mipia. 72— Pascal, Gabriel. 73— Patman, Wright. 74— Pecora, Ferdinand. 75— Pittman, Key. 7fi—Saltonstall, Leverett. 77— Seabiscuit. 78— “September 29”. 79— Spies, T. D. 80— StrausS, Richard. 81— “Sweeping Gains.” 82— Ssa-ovy, Jan. 83— Taft, Robert A. 84— “The Little Flower.” 85— “The Purge.” 86— “The Yearling.” 87— Thompson, Katherine Rawls. 88— Tracy, Spencer. 89— Warde, John. 90— Welles, Orson. 91— Welles, Sumner. - 92— Wells, H. B. 93— Whitney, Richard. 94— Wilder, Thornton. 95— Wong, Cheon Yin. * 96— Woi'kers’ Alliance of Amei*> ica. 97— Wilson, Hugh. 98— Withers, Jane. 99— Van Doren. Carl. IQO—^Vizetelly, F. H.Odbu
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday, January 8,1939
Music Room Displays Paintings By Cariani On exhibit now in the Union mu''sic room is a group of nearly 20 still-life and landscape paintings by the well-known Indiana artist, V. J. Cai lani. Included in the group are spi ing and autumn scenes in Bean Blossom Valley, and an unusual view of Nashville court house almost lost in haze. Caiiain, nho stiangely calls both Nashville and Chicago his home, has done much to call attention to Indiana's beauty spots. He is particularly famous foi his landscape and flowei paintings. Man Killed, Woman Injured In Auto-Streetcar Crash Haiiy Wiltrout, 51, unemployed, was fatally injured, and his companion, Mrs. Bessie Turner, 49, was injured Fiiday night when his car collided with a street car at 18th and Undeiwood streets, Lafayette. Wiltiout, formerly of Terre Haute, died before he could be removed from the wreck; Mrs. Turner was seveiely biuised and cut. Neithei the motorman nor the only passenger on the street car at the time was injured. 'Flying Aces'... . monthly magazine for model ail plane builders, has published in then February issue an article, “The Baby Barnstormer,” wi’itten by Fi ed C. Tuxworth, sophomore membei of the varsity swimming team. The magazine considers it the story of the month.
Headline Names That Made News In 1938
Glee Club: Ushers repoit at the Women’s G%mnasium at 6‘50 p m on Tuesday, January 10 —WORCESTEK Scriyener: No meeting Sunday, January 8 First meeting to be Thursday, January 12 at 7 30 p m at Prof Fatout’s, 808 Rose sti eel —JUSTIN.
Ceres • Important meeting in the faculty lounge of the Union Tuesday, January 10, at 7 p m All members please attend —HORNER
Playshop Stage Crew: Meet Monday, day Januaiy 9, at 4 p m in Fowler Hall. -HINRICHS
Track: All tiack men and managers are requested to report for practice at the Fieldhouse There is to be a meet within a few w eekb (1-lOj —PHILLIPS
WSGA: Theie will be no WSGA tiaining school foi remainder of this semester (1-101 —LEAMING Pistol: All members and men trying out for the pistol team leport at the Armoiy, 4pm Tuesday, Januaiy 10 —HOLMES
Advanced Military . Seniors and juniors in advanced military will be paid at the main office of the Armory from 11-50 a m to 4 p m Tuesday, January 10 —MORSE.
Glider Club: Meeting Wednesday, January 11, at 7 15 p m in room B of the Union —MILLER. Purdue Riding Club: Joint meeting with Lafayette Saddle Club Monday, January 9, at 8 p m in the auditorium of Jeffeison High School Moving pictuies of saddle horses will be shown —SUMMERS
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held Tuesday, Januaiy 10, at 7:30 p m. in room C of the Union —MACK.
PEW Classes. All freshman and sophomore women enrolled in PEW classes are to repoit to Education Building, room 201, at one of the following hours Hours for freshman • Tuesday, January 10, at 3; Wednesday, January 11, at 3 and 4 Sophomore hours • Tuesday, January 10, at 2, Wednesday, January 11, at 2, Thuisday, Januaiy 12, at 4 Attendance is required. —HAZELTON.
WSGA House Presidents’ Council: Meeting Tuesday, January 10, at 4 p m. in room B Dean Dorothy C Stratton will speak All members are expected to be present —JAKES
Glee Club. Tickets aie in the music office (1-10) -WORCESTER.
Pi Tau Sigma; New members get keys at 1016 First Street. (1-101 —HARVEY Chemistry 1 and 2: Examinations for removal of C grades in Chemistry 1 and 2 will be given Saturday, January 14, 1939, at 1-4 p m Application for any of these examinations should be made at room 103 chemistry laboratory annex before Thursday, Januaiy 12 The examination fee does not need to be paid when application is obtained, but must be paid before the examination lb taken. —MARTIN, TEST, ALLEN.
WAA Rifiery: Practice schedule: Monday, January 9, Ward 4 at 6:16; Ward 1 at 7 -00 : WRH North at 7 .45 . Thaeles at 8 -30 Ward and soiority managers see me at your regular period ~ —SMITH
Agriculturist: All assistant editors and editorial assistants please report in the Agricultural office on Monday night, January 9, at 7 p. m for work. Be prompt If unable to come get in touch with me -KINGSLEY.
Reamer Club: Meeting Monday, January 9, at 8 p. m. in room F bf the Union —JACKS
1— Outstanding physicist. 2— Administrator of wages and hours law. 3— Refers to Germany’s drive against the Jews. Italy is also now showing signs of anti-semitism. 4— Twenty-two year old queen of Albania, first woman of Amei’ican blood to sit on the throne. 6—Negro boxer;, won featherweight, welterweight, and lightweight titles. 6— Republican congressman from New York. Mentioned as possible candidate for president. 7— Chief of staff of Cuban Army. Visited President Roosevelt. 8— King of bowlers. 9— ^Mmnesota school girl who is national women’s golf champion. 10— Aitist. His picture “People.” 11— English physicist; holds toplanking scientific job of world. 12— CIO leader on the West Coast whose efforts have been so obnoxious that steps are under way to have him depoited. 13— Rated as one of Ameiica’s great writers. His “The Flowering of New England,” is a consistent best seller. 14— Author of “The Good Earth.” Winner of Nobel prize in literature. 15— Tennis champion; turned professional. 16— Won national pocket billiards Cl own. 17— English piime ministei; went to conference with Hitler. 18— Airplane fliei; made mistake flight across ocean. 19— Track star; runner of mile. 20— Flench piemiei; signed Munich pact. 21— Outstanding movie actress. 22— District attorney in New Yoik City whose opposition to Tammany Hall leadei’s led to his being nominated for governor. 23— Recently elected U. S. senator from Calif, on the “$30 eveiy Thuisday” platform. 24— Gieat Britain’s foimer foreign secretaiy. Recently made visit to the U. S. accompanied by his wife. 25— ^British racer; set a record of 357.5 miles per hour. 26— Wiote best seller, “All This and Heaven Too.” 27— Piesident of the Ameiican Medical Association and, with othei ofRceis, under indictment for violation of the anti-trust law. 28— Pi eminent movie actoi. 29— ^Daitmouth College football stai. His religion caused him to withdiaw from college! Later returned. 30— Famous composer, pianist. Died. 31— German minister of propaganda. 32— Poisoner executed in Ohio. 33— English scientist, wrote book on air raid precautions. 34— Author of “With Malice Towaid Some.” 35— Hankow and Conton—Chines 35— Chinese cities taken, nearly destroyed by Japanese armies. 36— Germany’s dictator and credited with having been the year’s No. 1 headliner. 37— Prize winning painter.
38— Former WPA administrator, now secretary of Department of Commerce. 39— Flight around world made him year’s outstanding aviator. 40— President of Chicago University. In headlines because of his articles on college athletics, appointment and sudden resignation from New York Stock Exchange. 41— President of Eire. 42— Top ranking missionary. 43— Head of American Friends Society. Hailed by Germans in 191S for his efforts to relieve post-war conditions; he was repudiated by the same country when he returned to serve suffering Jews. 44— ^Title of Post article about the souice of James Roosevelt’s income. Cieated furor. 45— Japanese Christian; professes pacificism despite Jap-Sino war. 46— Chinese generalissimo. 47— U. S. Ambassador to Great Britain. 48— Observing 15th anniversary as conductor of the Boston Symphony Orchestra. 49— Name of famous estate just across the Hudson from FDR’s old home sold to Father Divine. 50— Austrian star of “Ecstasy” who appeared in the American movie “Algiers” to become the newest glamour woman. 51— Populai dance. 52— Daughter of John L. Lewis, selected by FDR as woman member of Pan-American committee which met in Lima, Peru. 53— ^Title of Mrs. Lindbeigh’s last book. 54— Champion heavyweight prize fightei. Second American negro to hold the title. 55— California girl who won the national singles championship. 56— Geiman novelist exiled from the country. 57— Piesident of the New York Stock Exchange. One of youngest men to hold the position. 58— Actor who plays the title role in “Abraham Lincoln,” current New York hit. 59— California senator defeated in the election. 60— Wholesale drug firm headed by the Musicas. 61— Author of book on President Harding. 62— Outstanding endicronalogist. 63— Agreement made by Hitler, Mussolini, Chamberlain, and Daladiei to settle Czech question. 64— Foimer Governor of Michigan now attorney general in the Roosevelt cabinet. 65— Swindler head of the firm of McKesson & Robbins. Committed suicide. 66— House designed by P. D. R. foi his Hyde Park estate. 67— Hurricane that swept across New England in September. 68— Protestant minister in Germany, now in concentration camp. 69— T. C. U. quarterback. 70— Spectacular flour salesman, who suddenly entered politics. Now governor of Texas. 71— The name of a train whose wreck caused death of 36 persons. 72— English movie producer who
Fraternity Pre»iden&’ Council: Dinner roeetinK at the Phi Kappa Tau house Tuesday, January 10, at 6 o’clock. Important. Meeting will be adjourned in time for convocation. -DEAN.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• jewelers
"DEAG" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well. Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
• Professional
• Shoe Repair
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
BOS^UNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARISITY BOOT SHOP
• Locksmith
• Printing
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATE SHARPENING Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
ni^INTING livPOffice SUIIonery, . 1 W^cddlng Inviteiloni PHONE ■ Book., Etc . 2628 CASSEL’S dOBrERRV
filmed only play of G. B. Shaw that has been filmed. 73— Congressman who made addresses for the Musica group of “wholesalers.” 74— New York City judge who declared Hines case a mistrial. 75— Congressman chairman of the Committee on foreign relations. 76— A member of an old Boston blue blood family who was elected governor of Massachusetts. 77— Name of the year’s greatest race horse. 78— Date of Munich Pact, probably the most important event of the year. 79— One of the three most outstanding medical research men of the yeai. > 80— German composer who confounded the Nazi great by producing his new pacifist opera. 81— Phrase used by daily papers and many periodicals to describe Republican victories in the November elections. 82— New president of Czechoslovakia. 83— Elected U. S. senator in Ohio by a surprising majority. Probable candidate for president in 1940. 84— Nickname of Fiorella LaGuardia. 85— Refers to President Roosevelt’s attempt to defeat certain candidates for Congress. 86— Best selling book by Marjoiie Rawlings. 87— Champion woman swimmer. 88— Notable film actor of year. 89— His spectacular suicide from the 17th floor ledge of a Fifth Avenue hotel spell-bound New York
and the nation, 90— Producer of a realistic radio drama that threw war-jittery Americans into a panic. 91— Under-secretary of State. He replied sharply to Germany’s demands for apology for American critics. 92— New Pi’esident of Indiana University. 93— Former President of New York Stock Exchange. 94— Author of most popular play “Our Town.” 95— Chinese student in Michigan Ag. College who produced seedless watermelon. ' 96— Oigamzation of WPA workeis. 97— U. S. Ambassador to Germany. Returned at President Roosevelt’s lequest. 98— Child movie actress. 99— Author of “Benjamin Franklin” the year’s best selling biography. 100— One of America’s notable lexicographers—died. Farm Agents Meet Here Tuesday For Annual Banquet County farm agents will hold their annual meeting and banquet 'Tuesday night at 5 p’. m. in Jefferson High School Gym. Including both a general business meeting and a get-together, the
banquet will be attended by most of Indiana’s farm agents, numbering nearly 100, according to Prof. ' T. A. Coleman, assistant director of the Agricultural Extension Departmfent of the University and leader of the county agents. Purdue is directly in charge of all Indiana farm agents through the Agricultural Extension Department. Many of the agents are alumni of Purdue and will visit the campus Tuesday and Wednesday.
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. New portable machinea as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street. LOST AND FOUND LOST—Just before vacation, one Sigma Chi fraternity pin. Name on back. Call Jim McKee, 61168.
FOUND—Skull and Crescent key. Will be returned for cost of ad. R. Hall, 830 N. Grant.
REWARD—^For gold broach with coral setting lost in ballroom Friday. Call 61153.
ROOMS FOR RENT FOR RENT—Furnished room with or without board. Reasonably priced. 117 Chauncey Ave., West Lafayette, Phone 2722.
APARTMIENT and board for group of students, or room and board. Phone 2309.
They Feel as Fine as They Look Crown Cleaned Clothes not only improve your personal appearance but give a marked degree of comfort. Q Formprest clothes are form fitting, an exclusive feature with Crown. mm [kiiai^iv FINE C L E A'N ERS OF FINE CLOTH *ES OFFICE AT TOP OF THE.HILL
Know What Joe?
The Purdue Exponent is pretty smooth, too. There are over 6,000 students, in addition to the faculty members, who read it every morning, so, in case you want to . . . • sell a car • buy a typewriter • rent a room
or in fact, if you want to buy, sell, or trade anything, you'll be wise to use the Classified Ad column in the . , .
THE Purdue Exponent
Business Phone — 5038