fHpi
Jj ^■*-. i -7 . Vl“ -'•^- ■'• ■■r’ -i 14*..#1M,V..^^;<^>. -4^*rf^.»-^'-iM'^Ji.»j4-J%rt.W'/rrtJ^^, ^Tl'«t^?^S^?S>»<^,f4sp*W»5^fB»!^l^^t(
^ ' jowa32 Oklahoma 23 Texas 17 Ohio Slate 19 Chicago 12 Nehraska h Indiana 29 Norihwesfern 0 Wisconsin 7 Missouri 0 Wabash 2 Minnesota 0
Michigan 26 Arkansas 14 Noire Dame 17 Michigan State 13 Texas Christian 13 Georgia Tech 14
Purdue
2^185
Exponent
Volume 51, No. ^ "2^*
Suxuioy, October 8, 1939
News ,jJ, Week
• Hitler Issues Final Bid For Peace • Youngstown Steel Production Will Reach New High • Cardinal Mundelein Dies Of Heart Attack
WRH Will Entertain Cary Club Members
WAR A "Final*
Bid For Peace Was Made
. . . last Friday by Reichsfttehrer Adolf Hitler as he spoke to a special session of the Reichstag, called to hear the address. Hitler said that Germany and Russia would stand together, that Naziism could not be crushed, and that Germany was invincible. Herr Hitler proposed a conference of nations to achieve absolute security, disarmament, and Franco-German friendship. The alternative to his plan he said was a finish fight which would be a “triumph of ^struction.”
“If peace and security- are not achieved ,and if the conception of Herr Churchill and his cronies prevails, then this will be my last declaration. We will then fight. We will fight, and I am certain that we shall be victorious.” Th^ chancellor made clear that he was not bidding for peace because of weakness, but because of strength. He proposed a restoration of the Polish state under German and Russian suzerainty, for Pioles alone. “Our only demand for colonial possessions,” he said, “is for possessions fitting for and suitable for the Reich—that is, the return of the former German colonies.”
little or no belief was given the rumor, several .destroyers and a coast guard cutter were hurrying to the ship “somewhere in the Atlantic.” The captain of the ship was notified of the rumor and ordered a ' complete search of the ship.
Two picnics are scheduled to take place on the lawn of South Residence Hall, one Thursday evening, October 12, and the other the following Tuesday, October 17, at 4:30. Half of Cary Hall will be entertained at each picnic. Social chairmen of the halls, Mary Reuther, West Hall; Martha Jane Fox, South Hall; and Martha Rosencrans, North Hall, have appointed group leaders to take charge of dividing the girls into groups and making'name badges for them to wear at the picnics. Groups of 30 people each will eat together at the picnics. Afterwards there will be dancing in North and South Halls. Group leaders from Cary Halls and the Residence Halls will meet Monday night at South Hall to make final plans.
John Carter Opens Year's Convos Tomorrow Night
Lyric Met Tenor Will Sing In Women's Gymnasium At 8
Journalisfic Workers Invited To See Movie
Workers in all campus journalistic activities are invited by the University publicity department to view a sound movie on newspaper make-up tomorrow at 4 p. m. in room 264 of the Electrical Engineering building. The film, prepared by the Mergenthaler Corporation, makers of linotype machines, has been touifing the country, making appearances at press copventions and newspaper offices.
Adolf Hitler
Co-eds To Be Victims Of Eds' Desires When Gold Diggers Become "Beaux Of The Ball"
In London
. . . and in all England the reaction to Hitler’s speech was that peace proposals at the present time and in their present form were vague and obscure. Prime Minister Chamberlain and Foreign Minister Halifax promised that the peace proposals would be carefullyt.examined by the cabinet. The official statement, issued six hours after the conclusion of the speech, said, “they (the Hitler peace proposals) contain no suggestion of reparation for the wrong done by Germany to other peoples. Nevertheless, they will be subjected to careful examination in consultation with the governments of the dominions and the French Republic. “But it is necessary to remember two things: that no peace proposals likely will be found acceptable which do not free Europe from the menace of aggression, and that since assurance!^ given by the German government in the past have on so many occasions proved worthless that something more than words will be required to establish the confidence which must be an essential basis for peace.”
. . . Thursday visited his newest provincial capital, Warsaw, in the course of his tour of occupied Polish areas. He reviewed the occupational troops upon his arrival. The same day came the unconfirmed report from the former Polish capital that “Stubborn Stefan” Starzynski, Warsaw mayor, had committed suicide when the Polish capital capitulated. Nazi officials denied knowledge of the suicide.
Behind Tanks
. . . French troops pushed on into German territory in the sector of the Borg forest. A German tank counter attack was reported repulsed in the Moselle sector. Along the Saarbruecken-Moselle front a party of correspondents watched army operations lasting sevefal hours. French army officials reported 88,000 acres of German land had been taken along the Rhine frontier. French officials stated that the effectiveness of the British blockade of German ports was influencing the German desire for peace.
Great Britain And
Hear ye! Hear ye! The dread hour approaches when Purdue’s coeds will flaunt their superior power and be the “beaux of the ball.” Gold Diggers will foot all the bills and be the victims of their dates’' desires. Originality will be the password and of course a good time will be had by all. , Road To The Heart The sorority houses and the residence halls will start off by appealing to the laddies’ hearts through the always-good medium of their stomachs, and the dinners will be results of careful planning, mais oui! (education, you know). Previews of what nature and Gold Diggers’ minds have created for corsages for the hapless males are then presented. And thus we truthfully say that anything can be expected, you lucky men — examples from the past have ranged from cigarette posies in flower pots to dainty, fragrant mixed bouquets of favorite garden vegetables — you know, onions, turnips, carrots and the like. Hearses More Fun After this thoughtful feeding, the transportation problem will be met in the always original manner of
the Purdue co-ed. We’ve even heard rumors drifting about that a hearse shall roll up some favored driveways; moving vans will cart away the necessary movable furniture from some houses; and the police have pledged their eternal willingness to this worthy cause. One clever person will even bob up a la side saddle—although arrangements for the date do seem rather vague. Once arrived, the melodious murmurs will be dished out by Jim Green, favorite from the University of Illinois campus. He is another of the carefully selected events of the evening so should be duly appreciated. Treva Berry announces that the three most eligible bachelors will be presented with suitable tokens of their popularity, so, gals, dinna forget to cast the vote to help your favorite to win.
First Meeting
... of the PI A dance class has been definitely scheduled for Thursday night at 7 o’clock. It will be held in the Union. Room will be announced in the Exponent sometime this week.
.. . Turkey Friday initialed a mutual aid padt which covers only the Mediterranean Sea, but which was not effective against Russia. The finishing signatures are expected to be placed on the document when the Turkish foreign minister returns from Moscow.
Musk Room Program Series Starts Today In Union Ballroom; Concert Choir Will Sing
Choir Director
In The French
NATIONAL
. .. capital Premier Edouard Deladier issued a statement saying that the assurance of real justice and lasting peace in Europe will come only from a French-British victory. Two hours after the Hitler speech ended the French foreign affairs committee met, and it was reported that the proposal of a Polish buffer state was turned down by both France and Great Britain. Both France and the United Kingdom have said that one of their war aims is the re-creation of the Polish State.
Spiritual Guide
American Liner
. . . Iroquois, according to a “tip” given the American naval attache in Berlin, would be sunk as it neared the American coast, in a manner similar to the sinking of the British liner Athenia. The source of the information, given to the naval attache by German Grand Admiral Erich Raeder, was not disclosed, but the German naval head said the source was reliable. The Iroquois is carrying a crew and passenger list of 796 persons. Although the White House, after a lengthy cabinet meeting, said that
... of one million Catholics in America, George Cardinal Mundelein, archbishop of the Chicago diocese and first cardinal of the west, died Monday morning at his suburban home in Mundelein, 111. Robust and active atl;he age of 68, the Cardinal passed away in his sleep, the victim of a heart attack. Mentioned only last spring as a possible successor to the late Pope Pius XI, Cardinal Mundelein has been a leading figure in the Catholic Church for the last 25-years. Establishment of St7 Mary’s of the Lake, America’s leading theological seminary, is considered his greatest single achievement. Cardinal Mundelein was also actively engaged in civic affairs, his Catholic charities in Chicago attesting to his interest in human suffering.
Concert choir of the University, with Albert P. Stewart as conductor and Rosemary Robinson as accompanist, will be featured in first of a series of Union Sunday afternoon music room programs this afternoon at 4:30 in the Union ballroom. All programs of this series will be free to the public. The Union ballroom will sport a new gold-note backdrop for the program today. The concert choir will start the program singing these selections:
A. P. Stewart
A Different War
. . . broke out this week when the Red menace in America ran up against one of the greatest fighting machines of all time. The opening battle took place in New York where
250 Couples
(Continued on page 4)
. . . danced to the music of Jack McCartney and his band from 9 to 12 last night at the regular mixer in the Union ballroom. Earlier in the evening 400 people attended a swing session from 7:15 to 8:16.
John Carter, young lyric tenor of the Metropolitan Opera Association, will present concerts Monday and Tuesday nights in the Memorial Gymnasium, opening the year’s series of University Convocations. Both performances will start promptly
at 8 o’clock.
Carter, who has received acclaim by critics over the country, started his brief career in 1937 with a broadcast on the Metropolitan Opera auditions of the air. Since then he has appeared on the Chase and Sanborn Hour, the Kellogg Hour, and the Metropolitan Opera stage.
Convo Artist
Within the space of a year Carter has obtained nation-wide popularity on radio, and opera and concert stage. Herbert Elwell, critic for the Cleveland Plain Dealer, said of Car-
ter:
“He has a lyric tenor voice of exceptionally smooth texture. It is also warmly vibrant in the full high register and tapers neatly into soft head tones of alluring sweetness. Add to this a winning, amiable personality and you have most of the reasons for his taking the audience by storm.”
John Carter
Indian Chieftain Will Discuss Tribal Customs At First Baptist Church
Prof. J. T. Gunn, chairman of the committee in charge of convocations, announced that sophomore and junior passports will be accepted for admission Monday night and the freshman and senior passports Tuesday. The same procedure will be followed for two night convocations the remainder of the year; i.e., juniors and sophomores the first night and freshmen and seniors the last day.
The congregation of the First Baptist Church will have Chief White Eagle as their guest speaker on this evening’s program at 7:30 o’clock. The chief, a resident of the Menominee Indian reservation in Wisconsin, has made many appearances throughout the country
before religious groups. A full-blood Winnebago Indian Chief, White Eagle is a graduate of the Wittenberg Lutheran college in Wisconsin. He will appear in the full regalia of a Winnebago Chief and speak on the native customs of his people and sing some of their songs. In addition to being an ordained minister. Chief White Eagle is secretary of the annual Wisconsin Indian Pow-wow. The public is cordially invited to attend and there will be no admission charge.
A Grace Before Singing Goldsworthy Send Forth Thy Spirit Schuetky Cherubim Song No. 7....Bortniansky Two duo-piano selections by Miss Robinson and Richard P. Thornton will be: Deep River (arranged by Alexander Kelberine) American Negro Melody Malaguena-(from Andalucia) Ernesto Lecuona Marvin Smith, tenor, will sing “Onaway! Awake, Beloved!” from Hiawatha’s Wedding Feast by Samuel Coleridge-Taylor. Choir will sing these selections to close the program: Dedication Franz My Hero (“Chocolate Soldier”) Strauss Donkey Serenade (“Firefly”) Friml Carmencita Mexican Folk Song
Former Cadets Receive Commission In Marines
Three Purdue graduates of the class of 1939 have received commissions as second lieutenants in the United States Marine Corps. They are Ralston R. Hannas, Jr., Morris E. Plater, and Robert 0. Dirmeyer. Dirmeyer’si appointment has been previously announced in the Exponent. All three of these appointees held, high rank in the Cadet Corps last year; Hannas was senior cadet colonel, Dirmeyer held the rank of cadet lieutenant colonel, and Flater was a cadet major. They are now stationed at the Basic School, Marine Barracks, Philadelphia, Pa., where they are undergoing fm-ther training. Notification of these appointments was received today by Colonel Beere, head of the Militaiy' Department, from the Secretary of the Navy through the commanding general. Fifth Corps Area.
Special Passes Students who find it impossible to attend the convocation on their designated night may obtain a pass for the night they prefer by depositing their passports with Professor Gunn at 213 Purdue Hall, or at 106 Recitation building, before Monday noon. Program I. Rendi’l sereno al ciglio, from “Sosarme” Handel Cradle Song Mozart Passing By Purcell La Danza Rossini II. Allerseelen Strauss Zueignung Strauss Carnaval Fourdrain Eres tu .Sandoval Intermisison III. Aria—Flower Song from “Carmen” Bizet Aria—O Paradise, from “L’Africana” Meyerbeer IV. Ah, Moon of My Delight, from “In a Persian Garden” Liza Lehmann The Year’s at the Spring Mrs. H. H. A. Beach I Dream of Jeanie With the Light Brown Hair Stephen Foster A Spirit Flowei*....Campbell-Tipton YWCA Will Sponsor Vesper Servkex This Afternoon Vesper services sponsored by YW CA will be held this afternoon in the Union faculty lounge between 4 and 4:30. This is the second in the series of brief devotionals planned by YW to be. presented periodically throughout the year. Instead of having an outside speaker, members of the organization will present the program. Bonnie Swope is in charge of arrangements. Music will be furnished by Eva Robertson, Lafayette violinist, and Mary Louise Switzei*, accompanist.' fe ^ ^
' C
etfi J". >.f Hfj--
' 1
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Suxxday> October 8# 1939
But Incidentally— By Romanoff Some timid, draft-dodging soul told us the other day that he thought it was the duty of the army big shots to tell the great American male populace just where they (the cannon fodder) would figure in the war if, and when the U. S. was drawn into the present conflict. We asked him what difference it would make to him to know where he~fit into the mobilization plan—as if he could change them. * :|c ♦ As the evening waned our friend became more talkative and confided in us that his father ran a still in the Tennessee mountains. He asked us if we thought THAT would be good grounds for exemption. * >i< * We told him no. * * * And after looking at a map of the terrain in question, we don’t think it would be such a good hideout, either. By the time the draft got down to “men over 36” a dodger would be brushing elbows with some of the country’s most eminent belligerents. )|i >1: “I’ll-get-a-bigger-one-next-year” Miller in his reminiscing the other day grabbed up a scapula in one hand and a bottle of his stimulating gargle in the other and roared, “None of this artillery stuff for me. I’m goln’ to be up in the first rank next time where I can see them drop when I shoot them.” * * * Something like with your present job, eh Doc? * * Sometimes we think it would be profitable for us to call for contribs by the campus’ mental marvels on the art of remembering facts. Do they still fit the essentials into little verses? Frankly we could use some suggestions. * * * But then how would we remember the verse we made up to remember the original fact by?
Purdue Exponent
Entered m second class natter at the tiost office in Lofarette, Indiana, under the act of Clongreea of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postasre prorlded for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, anthorised January 20, 1922. Pnblished daily except Monday during the I regular ocadenio year and weekly dnrinir the Snnner Session. Delivered locally by carrier for 88.00 per year, mail subscription |8.60.
Editorial Board
E. E. Inriey Editordw-Chlef W. E. Smith. Business Manotrw 0. G. Terrio. Editorial Director
G. W. Frederidc.. E. M. AntoiitiiL..-.-, G. Sehilliiur B. JenUns...—
..Manoaina Editor
Senior Adrertistna Monaaer Co-ed Editor Sports Editor
Editorial B. F. DeHooa B. W. Donohuo D. K. Heiple J. H. McKee M. li. Miets J. C. WiUsey D. J.
Junior Staff Business R. Fisher R. Hall A. Hite M. Rbaemeyer T. Petty G. Cox, See.
Sports J. P. Dolan S. D. Marquis M. M. Richards Co-ed M. Bnrtsileld G. Carton B. Simpson
Henninaer, Art Director
Editorial 4005
PHONES Sporta 2792
Business 5038
RSPnKSINTKD FOR NATIONAL ADVBRTI8INO BY National Adv^tising Smiee, Inc. College Publishers RepreseHtative 420 Madison AVE. New York. N.Y. CHICAGO • BOSTON • LOS AHSCLEE ■ SAH FSAHCISCO This newspaper is written, edited, and published by underaraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it. unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewiioint. All unsianed editorials are written by the Editorial Director.
Nigrht Editor—Willsey Issue Editor—Elvis Sunday, October 8, 1939
the Gimlet meeting in the Union muttering to himself, “Thirty days hath September . . .” etc. That’s one way to do it. One English professor claims that he once knew a scheme that worked perfectly. Something about imagining a gloved hand holding a tire . . .
Caught Nobe Kizer the other night walking from We don’t get it.
£i}uih£diiABy Hank Miller Another week starts today and several more shows come back on the air. Probably the most talked of is that starred by Jack “Buck” Benny. Taking the air at 6 tonight over WMAQ, Benny, who drove 10,000 miles around the country during the summer, will bring back Mary Livingston, Don “Tiny” Wilson, Andy “Gravel Throat” Devine, Eddie “Rochester” Anderson, and Phil “Pretty Boy” Harris’ orchestra. All in all, the cast of the show seems to have had a pretty good time this summer. Jack, besides his long motor trip, had a celebration thrown for him in his home town of Waukegan. Don Wilson is causing Jack some worry because Jack may have to abandon his gags about Don’s obesity. Don lost 19 pounds during the summer and will weigh in at only 198 pounds. Andy, who weighs 245, will bring back his familiar “Hi ya. Buck” to the program. Andy will be a regular on the show this year as he was last, in fact, Andy has been on over 100 of Benny’s shows. It all developed out of Jack’s invitation to Andy to be a guest star for one broadcast. Andy enjoyed his small taste of radio so much that he came back the following week, and the next. He just hung around watching and listening and dropping broad hints about how much he’d enjoy another crack at the mike. Finally, Jack let Andy try the “Hi ya. Buck,” role in the sheriff series, and the gravel voiced comic has been a Benny regular ever since. At 6:30 tonight over WMAQ, the Fitch Bandwagon will present the music of Count Basie and his orchestra. The broadcast will feature Basie’s distinctive arrangements of such old favorites as “Basin Street Blues,” “Sugar Foot Stomp,” and “St. Louis Blues,” and will originate from Hollywood. —e-e— SPORTS FANS—Bill Stern, the announcer who described the Pur-due-Notre Dame game for NBC, will bring a radio version of his nationally familiar sports newsreel to the NBC-Blue net tonight at 9 through WENR. Unique in pattern, the program is to be presented in five parts, called “reels,” combining the straight reporting of news with vivid portrayals of the outstanding events and colorful, human interest treatments of the sports figures. If you like dramas coming through your loudspeakers, here are a few shows that might be of interest: Tonight, the CBS Silver Theater at 6; 6:30, CBS Gateway to Hollywood; at 7, Orson Welles’ Camp-
bell Playhouse over CBS; while NBC nets will put on the following dramas: World Is Yours, NBC-Red at 3:30; Mr. District Attorney at 6:30 on NBC-Blue; Irene Rich Drama at 8:30 over NBC-Blue. —e-e— COSTLY ALIBI—Fred Howard, D. Pemberton Toohey in Oxydol’s Own Ma Perkins, tells of a man who escaped a ticket for speeding the other day at the cost of a roundtrip airplane ticket from Chicago to Detroit. He was hurrying to keep an appointment on the south side of Chicago, when he was halted by a speed cop who told him he was driving 55 m.p.h. He glibly said he was hastening to the airport to catch a plane. “All right, follow me to the airport, but if you don’t get on a plane, you’re going to see the judge,” the officer replied. So, Fred’s friend went to the airport, boarded a plane for Detroit while the policeman looked on, flew to the motor city and returned on the next trip. I WBAA I Monday 11:00—History of the 19th Century, Prof. V. L. Albjerg 11:50—Purdue News Flashes 12:00—Agricultural Forum 12:15—Sports Review, Mai Ross 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time 12:45—Town Crier 1:00—Monitor Views the News 1:15—Mrs. Jewel Cox, pianist 1:30—Story Time 1:45—Market Reports 2:p0—Magic Carpet 2:15—Mary Louis Switzer, pianist 2:30—Foods—Facts—Fancies 2:45—Musical Moments 3:00—Little Red Schoolhouse of the Air 3:16—Afternoon Music 4:00—American Family Robinson 4:45—Story Book Hour
ARC
TODAY - MONDAY
I TbuoA, Riflery will be the first intramural sport offered on the WAA fall calendar. Participation is scheduled by wards, sororities, and the Residence Halls. Ward 1 includes all girls living on State street. Northwestern avenue, and girls living west of Grant street, between State and Northwestern. Ward 2 consists of girls living east of Grant and Northwestern, and north of State as far as the river. Ward 3 includes all students south of State. Ward 4 is composed of Lafayette girls as well as those living m the nearby counties.
TODAY - MONDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
Carole James LOMBARD STEWART Made for Each Other Pf04i«>c«d by DAVJO O SELZNICK
r SONJA TYRONE HENIE-POWER t^vVSECOND Fiddle ^ RUDY EDNA MAY VALLEE-OLIVER MARY HEALY ^ :IYIE TAlBOTi^^ ?ALAN DINEHARTp^ PLUS 2ND FEATURE — IT'S FIRST RUN —
—AND — THE DUMSTEADS ARE HERE AGAINI
m
fanny I .INOLETON ARTHUR lAKE LARRY SIMMS] —Also — 'MICKEY MOUSE" CARTOON
M'Arii
NOW SHOWING 2 FIRST RUN HITS!
IRENI R^OE KARN^ EDGAR KENNEDY LYNNE ROBERTS ERIC LINDEN
-PLUS-
Ma goes 008 to make the Dough while Pa stays home to bake it! SHOULD HUSBANDS WORK Another Riotous Rough-House Comedy with those goofy people James - Russell - Lucille GLEASON Tommy Ryan - Mary Hart
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Ltehty
This short poem is dedicated to Anne Beard, the southern belle that might not ring again: Physics is hard for me— For others it is easy. Gold Diggers is on the come, The tutor is waiting, pleasy. If the girl in HE Physics Wants to pass from now on, We suggest her indulgence In the most important dance ' 'In the life of a poor ed! \ —Friend of Roosevelt, y _B & B— Shelley might have done better in making it rhyme, but the sentiment is simply beauitful. Anyhow, it serves to remind us of the Gold Diggers Dance.. . —B & B— H. L. Freyn is going around muttering and kicking himself in the shins. It seems a freshman by the name of Wilma Baer has thrown him over without so much as a word and is going steady with George Baker, Fiji. Wilma broke two dates with “H” on Baker’s account but what fries Freyn is she wouldn’t even see him when he called at the WRH. Ah ,Love! B & B And here’s to the canny Scotchman who seasoned his food with bath salts to save the cost of plumbing. B & B Notice, All Engineers! Oh, would I were a molecule. Of such complete construction. That there would be no simple rule Regarding my production. Or I could be a particle Of such minute dimensions That every published article Would stir up fresh dissensions. I’d like to be some oddity That would attract attention. And stir the scientific world. To frenzies of contention. Most facts are getting commonplace, We need some new excitement. Or science otherwise may face A serious indictment. —H. G. Raphael, Engr. ’43. B & B I don’t get it!
k '{ if’
“Since Patrick took off his uniform and became a detective, he comes home every night tired and baffled!”
Mother Goose Theme: Jack and Jill went up the hill To fetch a pail of water Jack fell down and broke his crown And Jill came tumbling after. (As Carl Sandberg Would Say It) Why, I’ll be damned if I can remember where I got the information, but it seems that one Jack and his friend Jill (isn’t that a name for you ?) were abruptly interrupted in
their scent up a hill in search of water, when the male broke his head and rolled down the incline, followed by ^is Jill person. Jane Glasgow, 211 Harrison St. B & B My ways are the ways of the lazy, My thoughts are the thoughts of a fool, My soul IS the soul of a lover. You guessed it—I’m going to %chool.
Starts TODAY
ROMANCE » And ha a Wonderfv! Vacation from worries
Starts TODAY
Fighting proudly against the world...asking little, hoping much.. .battling their way to a home, to happiness! You’ll never forget this simple story of a great love!
JOHN
GARFIEID PRISCILLA LANE
With ALAN HALE Frank McHugh • Billy Halop
EXTRA—ROBERT BENCHLY in "An Hour For Lunch"
4 BROADWAY STAGE PLAYS TO BE PRESENTED THIS SEASON ADVANCE SEASON RESERVATION • SALE NOW ON • ORDER SEASON RESERVATION AND SAVE!A
^ f.
I
,
Sunday, October 8, 1939
^xfmmnL fiiupL
Corduroy Jackets Chosen insignia Of Senior Women
Jackets of lightweight corduroy will be worn as the insignia of senior women, it was decided at a meeting of the group yesterday afternoon. This means of identification was chosen following several open meetings of senior co-eds and investigations by Joy Johnson, Louise Daniels, Rufina Sexton, and Ruth Zimmerman, the committee in charge of arrangements. One girl in each sorority will be responsible for taking orders in her house. Women living in the residence halls and unorganized houses are asked to place their orders in room P of the Union between 2 and 5 o’clock today or 3 and 6:30 Monday afternoon. Money for the jack-
ets will not be collected until they arrive. The jackets, which are of natural color corduroy, have full swagger backs, leather buttons, and patch pockets. They will sell for $3.60.
ViriginiaC. Meredith Club Will Sponsor Tea Od. It
the group. A representative from Omicron Nu will outline the honorary’s activities and discuss scholas* tic requirements for membership. At this time the Virginia C. Meredith Club will begin its aimual membership drive. The fee is 60 cents for the year. Meetings will be open to members only.
All co-eds are invited to attend a tea sponsored by the Virginia C. Meredith Club of the home economics department on Wednesday afternoon, October 11, from 4 to 6 o’clock in the hall of the Home Economics building. Assisting at the tea, yrhich is to'initiate freshmen as well as upperclass women to the importance of the club’s projects, will be members of Omicron Nu, home economics honorary. Mary L. Mathews, dean of the home economics school, will address
/-M Schedules
SOFTBALI,—MONDAY Diamond 1— Pi Kappa Alpha vs Beta Sigma Psi 2— Sigma Nu vs Phi Delta Theta 3— Phi Kappa Sigma vs Tau Epsilon Phi 4— Phi Kappa Psi vs Triangle 6—^Alpha Tau Omega vs Kappa Delta Rho 6— Sigma Pi vs Delta Upsilon 7— Alpha Chi Rho vs Phi Kappa Tau 8— Beta Theta Pi vs Pi Kappa Phi 9— Theta Chi vs Alpha Sigma Phi 10— Acacia vs Sigma Alpha Mu 11— Delta Chi vs Kappa Sigma 12— ^Faculty vs Alpha Kappa Lambda 18—Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Delta Tau Delta 14— ^Theta Xi vs Phi Kappa 15— Sigma Chi vs Phi Sigma Kappa 16— ^Theta Tau vs Alpha Gamma Rho 17— Phi Gamma Delta vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon 18— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs lambda Chi Alpha
Schedule of Debris Senior Picture Sittings
Photographers from Dexhimer-Carlon Studios, hidianapolis, will be toldng DEBRIS pictures in the DEBRIS Workshop, first door to the left at the top of the stairs on the second floor of the Union Building, starting at 8s00 a. m., Monday, October 9. Every senior has a sitting scheduled for a definite time and will receive a cord through the moil telling the exact time of the sitting. DEBRIS editors state that it is very important that each senior report to the DEBRIS Workshop at his appointed time. If it is impossible for him to be there he should notify the DEBRIS office beforehand and make a different appointment.
A minimum charge of $1.50 is made for the regular DEBRIS pictures and is payable at the time the picture is token.
MONDAY, OCT. 9
9:55 8:45 1:20 9:5u 10:25 8:00 8:05 4:00 8:10 1:00 8:15 9:00 10:00 10:05 3:00 9:05 4:05 11 :00 10:10 10:15 8:20 8:25 8:30 9:10 8:35 8:40 8:50 11:05 8:55 10:30 4:10 10:20 9:15 1 :05 11:40 4:15 11 :25 4:20 11:15 9:20 11:10 1:10 1:15 4:35 • 2:35 4:30 9:25 4:25 9:30
1:55 2:55 2:00 11:20 2:05 2:40 2:10 10:35 4:40 1:25 2:15 11:30 4:45 1:30
Epple, R. W. Luthi, I.G. Martin, E. McWorkman, W. O. Maxwell, K. L. Tague, D. Tait, N. Taylof, F. L. Terrio, D. Terstegge, Margaret Teske, W. E. Tevebaugh, A. D. Thatcher, B. D. Thegze, V. B. Thom, A. N. Thomas,Josephine Thomson, J. H. Thompson, j. L. Thomson, M. S. Thompson, N. P. Thompson, W. P. Thrasher, Katherine Throckmorton, G. W. Throckmorton, R. E. Thursby, S. Tilt, R. R. Todd, H. E. Todd, Mary Topping, A. D. Topping, Mary Treka, R. Treece, L. L. Trefts, G. W. Tresselt, A. R. Triplett, H. A. Troyer, D. R. Trueman, R S. Truran, G. H. Tsang, Chi Mon Tugandis, Helen Tulley, F. T. Turnbell, R. H. Ulrich, F. W. Ulrich, R. E. Umfreys, Phyllis Mae Unger, W. E. Upson, S. A. Utter, D. D. Van Ackeren, Sister Eileen Van Horn, J. C. Van Landingham, R. H. Van Meter, E. J. Van Slyke, R. A. Van Winkle, R. H. Vernon, j. Verplank, C. J. Viehe, R. W. Vinson, F. E. Vogel, A. F. Vollmer, F. W. Von Buelow, R. F. Voyles, R. M. Vyverberg, R. j.
4:50
Waggle, R. J.
4:55
Wagner, C. D.
11 :35
Walker, Georgia
9:35
Walkey, J. ''
1:35
Wamsiey, D. C.
1 :40
Ward, W. A.
11 :45
Warner, H. E.
11 :50
Watkins, R. E.
1.45
Watson, J. S.
10:40
Weaver, R. H.
10:45
Webb, H. J.
10:50
Webb, Josephine
2:30
Weiner, Marjorie
2:20
Weishour, Mary Isabel
11:55
Weldon, T. A.
1:50
Weldy, S. D.
10:55
Wells, L. L.
2:25
Wells, S. R.
2:45
Weng, H. C.
2:50
Wetherell, J. E.
3:05
White, j. W.
3:10
Wickard, Betty
3:15
Wildish, M. F.
3.20
Willsey, J. C.
3:25
Wilking, Virginia
3:30
Willey, N.
3:35
Williams, H. S.
3:40
Williams, j. G.
3:45
Williams, Julia
3 50
Williams, Ruth
3:55
Wilmeth, H. D.
9:40
Wray, E. M.
9:45
Zimmerman, D. G.
TUESDAY, OCT. 10
8.05
Carlson, W.
8:55
Chenny, T. S.
9:20
Chevedden, R. T.
1 1 :25
Clark, C. S.
11 :35
Clark, P. A.
1 :05
Cornell, A. R.
4:40
Cox, C W.
10.50
Czyz, S. 1.
10.45
Daneman, B.
4 00
Gagen, C. V.
8.00
Gaines, F.
1 1 :00
Gale, G. N.
8.10
Gal ins, E. W.
10:00
Garcina, G. M.
9:00
Gardner, T. L.
11 :05
Garty, K. T.
1 1 :10
Gaulke, A. V.
9.05
Gaylord, Rose J.
9:10
Gehrke, E. J.
10:05
Geiser, E. M.
11:15
Geist, J. M.
4.05
Gentleman, M. J.
11:20
Gerding, R. F.
10 10
Gershuny, J. W.
4:15
Gibbs, W. M.
8:15
Ginder, Frances
9:15
Gingher, H. R.
4:10
Glasser, R.
8-20
Glendening, H. V.
11:30
Gabeille, W. P.
10:15 10-20 4:25 1 :00 2:00 9:25 8:25 8:30 4:30 4:35 11 :40 8:35 1:10 11:45 1:15 10:25 10:30 9:30 3-30 9:35 10:35 10:55 1:25 8:50 1:30 4:45 4 50
Godbey, ]. W. Goforth, H. F. Goings, D. L. Goldsberry, L. Goldsberry, W. M. Goodin, R. G. Goodwin, M. K. Gould, Virginia Graham, J. U. Graham, T. E. Gran, Margaret Graves, Geo. Green, Ed. K. Green, J. Greenberg, L. F. Greenblatt, H. Greenburg, j. W. Greenwood, D. S. Gregory, M. W. Grice, W. H. Gridley, D. Griest, O. F. Gross, C. R. Gross, Ed. Gross, J. E. Grove, C. C. Grover, E. A.
1 :55 4:55 2:55 11:50 1 :35 10:40 2.50 3:55 1 :40 11:55 1:50 9:55 3:25 2.45 2:05 2:10 3:00 2:15 2:20 2:25 2:30 9:40 2-35 8:40 8:45 2:40 3:05 3.10 9:50 3:15 3:20 3:35 3.40 3:45 3:50 9:45 1:20 1:45 4:20
Haag, W. K. Haas, R. S. Haase, Eleanor Hagemeyer, E. Merle Hagen, D. Hall, J. Hall, R. Hall, R. E. Hall, R. L. Hallett, F. Hamman, P. Hann, E. Hannon, Mary Hansen, W. Hardin, E. Harms, V. Harper, Helen Harper, J. W. Harrington, H. Harris, J. Harris, W. J. Hart, L. Hart, W. Hartley, D. Hartman, D. Hartman, F. B. Hartman, G. O. Harvey, R. Haskins, D. Hass, Bettie Hastings, A. T. Hatala, M. Havener, L. Hawkins, J. Haycock, R. Hess, L. Ramsay, K. Ray, Willetta Welsch, j.
mo
(Dobhibu
it
'QomplsdiL ^ampuA. ^asuicufsi
99
QlfwksL
Varsity Beats Frosh^ 18-0, Reserve Fullback Stars
By Robert J. Deekard
By Joe Dolan
Why is a football prognosticator insane half of the time ? Personally, we couldn’t give our readers any one idea on the subject pertaining to prognostication, biologically, mentally, or otherwise, but, by gosh, we’re beginning to feel this insanity thing creeping up on us, slowly but surely. —^fc— In yesterday’s column we stuck out our necks and made a forecast on the final scores of 19 top-notch football games that were reeled off yesterday afternoon, and today we wish we had stuck our necks, and other diverse parts of the anatomy, into a hole. —^fc— Take a look around the country, particularly at the big games. Northwestern, our favorite before game time, was given the ole “one, two, three” by Oklahoma. (Place right hand to nose, move the four fingers vehemently back and forth, and snort.) Yale (did you know it had a football team) bopped Columbia. And Alabama took Fordham into the bull-rushes and applied a Moses hold. —^fc— Do you mind, dear readers, if we take one more forecast? Here ’tis! Christmas will come on December 25. —^fc— And even the Cincinnati Reds fooled us after getting off to a good start. Without a doubt, Paul Derringer will have to pitch a no-hitter today to put the Reds back in the running. The Yanks took advantage of every break. Two base on balls, later accompanied by a brace
TWA and CAA have nothing on the Purdue air-minded football squads, the freshmen and varsity, because in the two teams’ battle yesterday, both* took to the air with amazing results, long, short, and flat passes being completed with regularity, with the varsity counting three times to the greenies none for a final score of ^18-0. However, the frosh eleven, although definitely defeated, showed that in the future, the Gold and Black eleven will be a razzle dazzle team that will be capable of putting Ohio State to shame when it comes to flipping the pigskin around.
of round trip blasts, accounted for four Gothamite runs yesterday. Then a single, another home run, and another pair of runs. What’s the use ? In five minutes we’re giving up the ghost. —fc— One thing happened yesterday that we did enjoy. That was the Varsity-Frosh grid affair. The frosh showed plenty of potentialities, and everybody was well pleased. In the earlier part of the game the Rhinies took the offensive and kept the cucumber in Varsity territory for some time, but superior replacements and experience caught up with the aspiring Greenies and the final score arounted to a defeat for the frosh and 18 points for the varsity. —^fc— Junior Brock, frosh half, receives our commendation as one of the nicest passers on a Purdue frosh squad. Junior, who is Lou’s li’l brother, tossed the tomato around with a marked degree of accuracy. Yesterday was the third time that Junior had appeared in a frosh uniform this season, because it was only two months ago that he had an appendicitis operation.
1940 RADIOS
CROSLEY — ADMIRAL — SENTINEL
5 Tube Superheterodyne with built in aerial
$9.95
7 Tube Crosley with automatic tuning
....$19.95
6 Tube Crosley with automatic tuning
....$14.95
Combinations all prices
Largest stock of radios in Lafayette
C. B. KLINKER SALES CO.
827-29 Main St. Phone 7950
We^re all a-flutter over Princess Pat new
The Sensational Liquid “Lipstick” that Really and Truly Cannot Smear
Here, at last, is a dream come true. Completely transparent lip color that is neither paste nor grease; color that just refuses to come off until you purposely remove it. Apply LIPTONE before dinner and you’ll discover at dawn that not even a mite of its rich redness and shimmering luster is gone. We simply can’t wait until you try this heavenly new beauty aid. The six new shades in which Princess Pat presents her LIPTONE are utterly divine. We invite you to try them. Toifer Goods Section
LOEB&MCNG COMPANY
The highlight of the fracas was the manner in which the locomotive fullback, Hal Schumacher, soph fullback from Chicago, scored two touchdowns with frosh safety men hanging all over his appendages. His first coimt was a 16-yard plunge through left tackle; his kick for the extra point hit the uprights. A few plays Jater, the big Chicago fullback climaxed some great running and passing by Red Carter to score another six points for the upperclassmen. 55-Yard Drive An advancement of 56 yards on six plays by Carter’s running and passing brought the leather to the frosh’s 16-yard marker. At this point Carter tossed a short flat pass to Schumacher omthe 15 stripe, and Hal was surrounded by a mob of freshmen, but with his legs pumping like pistons, he carried three tacklers into pay dirt. Carter’s attempt at an extra point duplicated Schumacher’s previous efforts by hitting the uprights. Vyverberg Shines The varsity’s initial score came as the result of a 10-yard pass to Bob “Trot” Vyverberg from McIlwain. Vyverberg made a beautiful catch, as he was completely surrounded by two big frosh backs, and Vyverberg weighs but 150. At the opening kickoff, the frosh received a real scare ,when Jim Welsch took their kickoff on his own 5-prd stripe and returned it to the midfield mark where he was hit by the last frosh defender, but before hitting the ground, he tossed a lateral pass to Frank Winchell who ploughed his way to an apparent six points, but the officials ruled that Welsch had been stopped before he lateraled. Aero Minded Frosh The freshman backs showed remarkable ball carrying and tossing ability. Punting by Tony Burto averaged 48 yards to excel the varsity kickers by 10 yards. The passing of Junior Brock, brother of Lou Brock, was just short of “William Tell” stuff. In three passes, he marched the frosh 60 yards and was immediately removed, because not a long time ago, he was the object of an apendectomy. In the frosh line. Norm Hill, “Dutch” Van Aken, Ehrlich, and Allergrette played steady ball. In the varsity line, Ralph, Lehr, Dick Johnson, Ted Axton, Red Donnelly, Rush, and Aronson showed the frosh the most opposition.
These are without a doubt the best looking sweaters you will see anywhere. Slip over and button styles.
SEE THEM TODAY!*• vi'Pf/s. F"'t ' ~ ^ ►.,’^Vi: ®
m : VI
THE PUaDUG-> EXPONENT
NewsOfTheWeek (Continued from page 1) Bill McKechnie’s Cincinnati Reds invaded the home of the New York Yankees, winners of the American League pennant and last year’s world champions. Meeting with stubborn resistance and suffering heavy losses, 2-1, in the first game and 4-0 in the second, the Reds beat a hasty retreat to Cincinnati where they were again " defeated yesterday, 7-3. The battle will be renewed again today. "Why Sell Arms ... to the belligerents to keep America out of the European war?” was the question put to the Senate last week by Arthur Vandenburg, senator from Michigan and key man of the opponents of President Roosevelt’s bill for the repeal of the arms embargo. No answer was forthcoming. Vanderberg, battling not only for what he believes to be America’s insurance of.^ remaining out of Europe’s war, but also for his own personal ambition of securing the Republican nomination for the presidency, presented one of the finest speeches of his career in his address to the Senate last Wednesday. A "Sea Wall" . .. for the Americas was the ultimate result of the neutrality conference which ended in Panama last week and which was attended by 21 American republics. Delegates to the conference adopted a program which is designed to “insulate the Western hemisphere from the Old World conflict.” The plan consists chiefly of patrolling a “safety zone” from the Maine-Ganada border, around the Horn and up to the border between the state of Washington and Canada in the north Pacific. The task of patrolling this zone will fall chiefly to the United States which has the largest navy. Efforts to strengthen inter-American trade agreements are already under way. BUSINESS Next Week ... steel operations in the Youngstown steel district will be operating at about 94 per cent of theoretical capacity, which is the highest rate in the last 10 years. The closest to 94 per cent that Youngstown operations have come since 1929 was dui’ing the 1937 steel boom, when the rate reached 92 per cent. It was reported that a shortage of steel caused some finishing mills to halt work temporarily during the week. Blast furnaces not in operation are idle only because the iron could not be obtained. “Iron Age” reported that on October 1, 70.7 per cent of the furnaces in the United States were working compared with 58 per cent a month before. Employment and payrolls in manufacturing industries are higher today than they have been any time since early in 1938, according to the report by the U. S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. Using 1923-25 as a standard there are 93.3 per cent as many people employed with a payroll of 89.2 per cent of the average. In March of 1933 payrolls had dropped to only 38.3 per cent on the normal time average. Following ... the speech of Chancellor Hitler Friday, all stock markets opened
strong with advancements of one to four points, but later reacted and closed irregular. During the course of the day a total of 1,326,230 shares were sold compared with 906,380 shares the day before. Deposits Totaling ,657,776,000 in the Chicago banks on October 2 were the largest in the history of the banks of the city. The previous record for deposits was made on June 30 when $3,459,314,000 were passed through the bars. Deposits of $1,281,000,000 in the Continental Illinois National Bank and Trust Company were the largest ever shown in a published report of any bank.
Classified Ads ROOMS FOR RENT FOR RENT—Large single room, near Fieldhouse. Thone Y1861.
BOARD AND ROOMS—Experienced cook. Very reasonable. Phone 2416.
SINGLE ROOM, also double room with single beds. Tile bath and shower. 21B Sheetz.
FOR RENT—Double room. Single beds. 122 Pierce St. Phone 7764.
Radio Club Will Announce Officials At Next Meeting Committeemen and radio traffic managers of the University Radio Club will be appointed at the club’s meeting Tuesday, October 10, at 7:30 p. ni,, in room 254 of the E. E. building. Keys to the short wave station in the E. E. building will be given at the meeting to students according to merit and interest. Beginners will be given a code test. Radio club is a member of the army radio net, and is co-operating with the military dejfertment in training operators for any emergencies that may arise in the future. Portuguese has been added to the long list of foreign languages taught at the University of Texas.
NOTICES
Exponent Sophomore and Junior Co-eds; Meeting in office Monday, October 9, at 4 p. m. in order to make plans for the co-ed edition Thursday night, October 12. —SCHILLING
Outing Club: Meet at Carter's at 12:30 p. ,.m. Sunday, October 8. Bring bathing suits. Please be prompt. ■—rMORRIS
Union Sophoknores: Will the browsing room staff please meet in the Union office Monday, October 9, at 4 p. m. —HAMMAN.
Union Workers: My staff will meet in the puttering room Monday, October 9, at 4 p. m. —CLARKE
WAA Ballroom Dancing Class: Due to convocation the class will meet Wednesday, October 11, instead of Monday. —COOK
Scabbard and Blade: Important meeting at 7:30 p. m. Wednesday, October 11, in room F of the Union. —OLSON
Debris Editorial Staff : Effective Monday, October 9, workshop will be tenSporarily located in basement room next to barber shop. Important all membefs report. —WILLIAMSON.
Senior Public Service -Engineers: Meet Monday, October 9, at 4 o’clock in Conference room. Administration building. —KNAPP.
Modern Dance: Junior Modern Dance meets every Tuesday and Thursday at 4 :00. Senior Modern Dance group meets every Wednesday.at 7 :16 and every Friday at 4. (10-12) —KNIGHT. PEW Swimming Classes: There, will be a make up class in swimming for all those students who missed the first class or those who wish extra help, on Monday, October 9, at 4 p. m. •—CASE.
Newman Club: Meeting and breakfast for all Catholic students Sunday, October 8, at St. Mary’s auditorium immediately after the 9 '.SO mass. All urged to attend. —MONSON.
CE 41: An examination for the removal of C and I grades will be held in room 203, CE building, from 1 to 4 p. m. on Saturday, October 28. —GREVE.
TWO newly decorated, nicely furnished students rboms, adjoining bath. 254 Lincoln St., West Lafayette, Ind. 71681.
FOR SALE FOR SALE—One Model A Ford 1929. Call 45973. Gene Britt, 454 Grant.
Journalists: Don’t miss the movie on newspaper make-up to be presented Monday, October 9, in room 254 of the E.E. building. Exponent, Independent, Pharmacist, Agriculturist, Engineer, and Scrivner workers are especially asked to attend. —INSLEY
FOR SALE—One raccoon coat, as good as new. Call 7409.
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New. portable machines as low as $26.76. Supplies.. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main Street. MISCELLANEOUS WANTED—Roommate for sophomore student in large front room. 139 S. Grant. LOST—Lady’s Conklin black fountain pen. Call 7471. /
Junior Military : Sections C, D, E, and F will form in the space north of the Armopf Wednesday, October 12, to participate in Corps Day Review. A motor battalion will be organized. Wear uniform if available. —PICKERING
Reamer Club: Regular meeting Monday, October 9, 8 p. m. in room F of the Union building. All pledges be there, equipped and prepared according to instructions. All actives be there for short business meeting. —REILEY
Union Sophomores: Important meeting of our staffs Monday, October 9, at 4 p. m. in the Student Union office. —BENNETT, HULS
GOOD DRY-CLEANING Regularly Done, PROLONGS the Life of Your Clothes! Phone us NOW for Pick-Up.
American Laundry vi^ st
SADDLE SHOW Columbian Park 7:30 p. m. Tuesday, Oct. 10, 1939
Boxes $4,00 — General Admission 25c — Reserved Seats 50c Sponsored By GREATER LAFAYETTE Chamber of Commerce
<s-
Sunday, October 8, 1839
Scrivener Club: Meeting at 7:80 p. m., Sunday, October 8, at 202 Waldron St. —MUNHO.
Roger Williams Club: Cabinet, meeting at ,140 S. Grant at 6 p. m. for supper Tuesday, October 10. —GLEASON, Riding Club: All members going to Indianapolis meet in Union at 7 p. m. Sunday, October 8. Members who have not made arrangements te go may do so by calling J. D. Meyer at 5085 before Friday night, —MEYER.
Christian Student Fellowship: Group meetings on Monday evenings for the rest of jtbe semester at 7:30 in Union Building. (iJJl
-12)
-BURBRINK.
Gold Peppers: Call for your bats at Southworth’s. (10-8) —MITCHELL.
Senior and Junior Military Students: Sign payroll in Armory office Immediately. Delay in sigrning means delay in recelvln^pay. . (10-10) —ADJUTANT. Pi iTan Sigma: Important meeting Monday, October 9, reading room, MB building. All members are urged to attend for selection of pledges. .^ilering. PEW: All freshman and sophomore women who expect to obtain license in physical education are required to attend a meeting ; on Monday, October 9, at B p. m. in the Women’s Gym. —^HAZELTON.. M. E. Students: Fees for memberships in the Purdue student branch of the ASME may be paid in the Mechanical Engineering office on the second floor of the M. E. building. (1015) -BRYAN.
Save Money — Enjoy Good Food EAT AT TOM'S Wonderfully Satisfying Dinner Large, Meaty, Roast Milk-Fed Chicken
FREE ICE CREAM Accross From The Armory
Radio Club: Meeting at 7 :30 p. m., Tuesday, October 10, in room 254 of the Electrical Engineering building. Bring pencil and paper. —PATTERSON.
Hydraulics (C. E. 41) : An examination for the removal of C and I grades will be held in room 203 of ’ the G. E. building from 1 to 4 p. m. on Saturday, October 28. —GREVE.
Tan Beta Pi: Short but important organization meeting at 7 p. m., Tuesday, October 10, in the Union reception room. —CATTERALL.
Christian Science Organization: Due to the convocation a special meeting will be held on Tuesday, October 10, at 7 p. m. in room F of the Union. —FRANTZREB.
Senators: All those planning to attend the picnic to be held Sunday, October 15, please sigh up in senate office immediately. —ESTEY.
For Guests From HOME The Union Offers Over Night Facilities That Bring Parents CLOSE To Thrilling Events Personages and Places Yet is Conductive to COMFORT In a Secluded Wing of the fiwtdusL Wjimjo^kd^ lAjnhm. The Corner of the Campus-^ Yet the Center of Activities
Cut this coupon out and bring it in to Deac’s Store and it is just the same as 50c cash on any tennis racket we have in the stope. We will also give you 20% discount on the retail price of any racket price $5.00 or under. We will give you 30 percent discount on any racket priced $5.00 or over. Remember this coupon is the same as 50c cash. We carry all makes of rackets including the famous Slazenger. H. G. "Deac" REISNER