s»l
^f^l
lt>
Calendar on page Four Lists Events For Entire Week
X43XmBHt
Eitabllihed 1889
9 Site* 1906
EDITOR DISCUSSES Lew Ayres' Case; See Editorial Page
Vblume 53, No. 172
West Lafayette, Indiana \
Sunday, April 19, 1942
University To HoW 8<«"'®*Tnisices
AulhotizcAirporl
summer Convos Jeorganizafion
Lipton To Sing At Convo Today
Series Features Grace Moore, Young, Peerce, Neihardt, St. Louis Sinfonietta, Southernaires
by Ogden Nash of The New Yorker. Miss Moore, who made her first operatic debut at the Metropolitan Opera House in 1929, made an extensive tour last summer through Latin America, and more recently sang for the first time the role of Tosca with the Chicago Opera Company and the Metropolitan
Opera.
James Young To Speak
Following her performance, James Young will speak on far eastern developments. Young has spent 13 years as director of the International News Service Bpreau in the Orient, which has its headquarters in
Mrs. Ernest Holmes Will Talk At Meeting OfV.C. Meredith Club
Tokio, and was recently convicted ^ Harbor was attacked, but reat a secret trial and jailed in an un- to this country with her three heiited cell. His recent release was children on January 6.
due to efforts of his wife. Ambassador Grew, nine Japanese who voluntarily organized to fight in his behalf, and several American editors and business mert. Neihard Will Lecture Next on the list of convocations is the seventeen piece Sti Louis Sinfonietta, directed by Paul Schreiber, and featuring Hertha Glaz, contralto. All of these musicians have been selected from the St. Louis Symphony for th^ir ntagtery of their respective instrument and artistic contribution to the perfection of the en^mble. Dr. John G. Neihard, distinguished American poet, liteiaiy critic and public speaker, will be featured at the next convocation in the seiies. He has had many engagements at universities and colleges thioughout the count!y, among which arc Stanfoi'd, University qf Mairte, Municipal University of Omaha, and the University of Minnesota. Southern 0 ires Following Neihaid, the Southeinaires, a group of five negro singers.
All club members are urged to attend. Geraldine Pugh is chairman of the piogram committee assisted by Kathleen Gannon and Ruth Poland.
Camera C/ub Names Winners Qf Photo Contest
Winneis of the annual photography exhibition of the Camera club^ were announced yesteiday The exhibition will be .shown for a week, beginning today, in the Music Room
of the Union.
The pictures are divided into thiee groups, with prizes being awarded foi pictorial and portrait piints in each group. Geoige R. Towle won fiist piize in the advanced amateur group with his poitiait of “Ellen.” In the pictoiial section of this group, C W. Haywaid was awaided fiist loi his photograph of a star lily.
will present a progi'am composed
of songs from the deep south, bal- Cordiia Wins In Portrait Class
lads and classics. The last in the summer series will feature the tenor voice of Jan Peei ce, about whom Oscar Thompson of the New York Sun said, “His achievement would have drawn plaudits in any opera
house.”
Season tickets for the summer will be sold at $2.20 to the faculty, staff, and townspeople, and students will be admitteds a usual by dents will be admitted as usual by
passport.
In the amateui group, Fred R. Cordua took first prize with his portrait, “Patsy”; and Robeit W. Claike received honoiable mention for his shot of the model “Bacchus.” First prize among pictures entered by members of the staff was taken by Prof. Alma Long for her “Recreation Center,” a picture of the puttciing shops. J. C. Osborn also won a fiist with his “Sanctuary,” an indoor church scene. Prizes were in cash and merchan-
Stephenson To Talk On War Amusements
disc credit slips for equipment purchaseable at the Foster Shop. The fiist, second and third prizes wore $5, $3, and .$1, respectively.
Prof. S. Stephenson, formerly of Oregon University, and a Rhodes scholar at Oxford Univeisity, will speak to students and faculty members on “Broadway, Hollywood, and Radio in Wartime” tomorrow afternoon at 4 p. m. in the audience studio of WBAA in the basement of the Music Hall. Stephenson, at one time an Associated Press war con espondont in Spain and Gei’many, will di.scuss propaganda, merits of stage, screen, and radio dui ing the national emei'gency, and the actual effects of the prese'nt war on these three entertainment mediums.
Peterson Names I YWCA Chairmen
Vivian Peteison, president of YWCA, announced Ifhe following committee chairmen at the reg-ular cabinet meeting held last Thursday night: Marthena DuBois and Virginia Mittendoif, membership; Chan Ball and Betty Evans, social; Dorothy Aividson and Gindy Hague, publicity; Gloiia Niemeyer, religious; Carolyn McCiary, program; Jane D^inbar, social .seivicc, and Lois Veit, office.
Town Girls Will Hold
SAE Elects Officers
Picnic Next Saturday
Foi; Coming Year
Coeds who wish to attend the picnic sponsored by the Town Girls’ Club on April 25, should sign up at the west desk of the Union by tomoi'row. Twenty cents will be charged for food and may be paid when signing up. The club is composed of all coeds who are residents of Lafayette and West Lafayette, those who live in boai'ding houses with less than
three girls and those who commute. ^
At its last meeting of the year, the University branch of the Society of Automotive Engineers elected the following officers foi the coming school yeai: Charles Zimney, chaiiman; Lamar G. Lay, sec-retary-treasurei; Billy A. Savery, publicity vice chairman; Fred A. Gi;abert, membership vice chairman; Samuel Lloyd, program vice chairman. These men will take office on May 3, and their term will expire at the close of the school year in December.
Webster Accepts Position On Staff
Grace Moore, James R. Young, the St. Louis Sinfonietta, Dr. John G. Neihardt, the Southernaires, and Jan Peerce have been scheduled by Prof. G. T. Gunn, director of convocations, to highlight the coming series of summer convocations. Although dates for these programs have not been officially set, they will be announced before the sale of Reason tickets, which begins May 1. Opening the new series will, be Grace Moore, who has been called the “triple threat star,”
Mrs. Erne.st Holmes, wife of an army colonel now stationed in Hawaii, will speak at the regular meeting of Virginia C. Meredith club to be held in the Home Economics building auditorium at 4 p. m. tomorrow. Mrs. Holmes was in Hawaii when
Board of Trustees of the University at its last meeting authorized the re-organization of the affairs of the University Airport. This was done in order to use more effectively the facilities of the airport for the development of the aeronautical training and research program with special reference to the rapidly increasing needs growing out of the war. Grove Webster, who organized the flight pilot training program of the National Civil Authority and was its director until January 1, 1942 when he resigned to enter private life, has accepted the invitation of the University to become a member of its staff. Webster, an officer of the 163rd Day Bombing Squadron, with services in France during the latter part of the last World War comes to the University with 25 years of service in the field of aviation. Much of the legislation benefiting the private flier is due in no small part to his interest and leader ship. Aretz To Remain Director G. Stanley Meikle, airport executive, states that Captain Lawrence I. Aretz, who has been very largely responsible for the successful development of the airport activities to date, will continue his cofinection with the airport. He states that Grove Webster will work closely with the Department of Aeronautics of the School of Mechanical Engineeiing and with other departments of the Univeisity. Piesidont Elliott, in commenting Dll the actions of the Trustees, remarked thaf -“Ihi&ia one of the most important steps taken by the Board of Trustees especially at a time when all eyes are turned toward aviation.”
Engineering Final Curtain Falls Honoraries OnLastPlayshop To Hold Dinner Production Of Year
Contralto Will Present
Special Program At 3
University engineering lionorary societies, Tau Beta Pi, all engineering, Pi Tau Sigma, mechanical engineering. Eta Kappa Nu, electrical engineering, Chi Epsilon, civil engineering. Phi Lambda Upsilon, chemistry, will join in sponsoring the All Engineering Banquet to be held next Tuesday in the South Ballroom of the Union at 6 p. m.
One Play Booked
For June or July
Initiates To Be Introduced Contrary to the custom in the past,- and feeling the need for reduction of the expense for banquets and amusements in view of the national war effort, the honorary organizations decided to introduce their initiates at that occasion rather than holding separate initiation banquets as they ordinarily do. This plan will help greatly in furthering relationship among the various honoraries and their schools, which in itself has always been one of the primary purposes of the All En-
gineering Banquet.
The main speaker of the evening will be W. A. Hanley, director of engineering of the Eli Lilly Company of Indianapolis. Hanley is president emeritus of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers and IS a member of the Board of Trustees of the University.
Distinguished Students Invited Invited to the banquet are the
distinguished engineering students of the past semester, as well as the
members of Sigma Pi Sigma, physics'honorary society, and Sigma Xi, research honoraiy. University staff who aie members of these honoraries, are also invited.
By Dick Marion Playshop last night brought to a successful conclusion their production of “The Male Animal,” th^ famous Broadway play written by James Thurber and Elliott Nugent. The last performance of “The Male Animal” was presented to a capacity crowd in Fowler Hall, and, if the laughs obtained by the excellent performance of the cast is any indication, the presentation was a great success. Play Is Modern Comedy The play is a modem comedy, and is the story of a professor in a small college and the trouble he gets into when a student states in an editorial that the professor is going to read a letter written by an anarchist to his English classes. The sequences ar'e fast moving and the audience is kept on its toes by the continuous action and comedy portrayed. The cast deserves a lot of the credit for the success of the production. The persons portraying the characters were very well suited for their parts, and by their efforts the audience was kept in a joyous mood and the play was brought to a clever conclusion. Playshop will present a summer production in June or July. Tentative plans have been made for a presentation of William Saroyan's new play, “Jim Dandy.’
By Bill Tyson
Martha Lipton, “America’s Prize Winning Contralto,” and rising young concert singer, will present a program of classical selections and folk songs at the special Sunday convo to be held in the Music Hall at 3 this afternoon. The concert will open with three short selections, including a pastoral by Veracini and
will continue with threeFrench
University Will Give
Special Training To Navy Eledricians
songs among which will be the famous Danse Macabre by Saint-Sa-ens.
To Present German Songs After the intermission. Miss Lip-
ton will present a group of operatic selections and folk songs in Ger-
, . man; the folk songs by Brahms, and
University will become an im- operatic selections by Wagner portant training center for naval and Richard Strauss will be followed electricians starting May 15, when j^y final group including “None the first 200 of a total contingent ^ut the Lonely Heart” by Tschaiof 800 men will come here for spec-, kg^gky and Shakespeare’s “Blow,
Blow, thou Winter Wind” set to
ial instruction in this field. Pinal approval for the program was given Thursday at the quarterly meeting of the Board of Trustees, which received the proposal from Rear Admiral John Downs, commander of the Great Lakes Naval
Training Station.
Trainees To Live in Cary Halls
music. Martha Lipton’s singing career has been accompanied by outstanding success as shown by the number of prizes she has received. Her feat success in competition was the fellowship she won to the j Juilliard Graduate school which enabled her
Musical Organizations 1 t i To Hold Annual Dinner
Tickets foi the banquet are available at the pi ice of 85 cents at the engineeiing offices and at the West desk in the Union.
McCarn Will Speak At Coed Meeting
tender the plan as outlined at to continue her singing training. Bethis time, the University will house foi-e this she had been supporting and feed the naval electricians in herself on secretarial jobs and
Cary. Halls and provide instruction studying her singing at night, in electrical engineering as a part p^j^g of the Engineering Defense Train- _ . -f 4.1. TT • . -4... From that time she has risen to ing program of the University. . . . „
fame meteoncally, climaxing tms The second delegation of 200 will j,y
come June 15, and the other two appearance offered by the National groups will be given a four months Federation of Music clubs. This con-
basic course in electricity. The groups will be sent here from the
Great Lakes Naval Training Sta- gtates as the most promising talent
tion. The training program here will America,
be part of the nation-wide effort to lipton will be accompanied
speed up important war work.
Tonight at 6 p. m. the four University Musical Organizations, the concert choir, university choir, men’s glee club, and orchestra, will hold their annual banquet at Lincoln Lodge. Albert P. Stewart, dilector of the organizations, will preside at the meeting. Following the banquet the new officers will take over and, an award in the form of a plaque which hangs in the Music Hall, will be awarded to the senior who has contributed most to the organization in the last four years. This prize is the sixth in the series of best senior awards. Besides this award certificates will be given to all seniors in acknowledgment of their participation in the organizations. Transpoitation, leaving the Music Hall at 5:30 p. m. will be provided for those who lack a means of getting to Lincoln Lodge.
Frosh Ag Students Compete In Judging Contest Saturday
Approximately 60 freshmen agricultuial students will fake part in the annual fieshmen Livestock Judging Contest to be held next Saturday, Apiil 25, in the Judging Pavilion on the University Farm. Each paiticipant will judge eight rings of livestock and appear before committees to give his reasons foi the placings on lour of the classes.
Mrs. Davis G. MeCarn, counselor foi women at Northwestern University, will speadc at the third and final meeting the counselors’ training period which will be held next Wednesday afternoon at 4 in Stanley Coulter Hall. She will tell how the Northwestern counseling system works and will point out how counselors can help new students, citing specific cases from her long experience in this type of work. All girls who desire to bo counselors next fall should attend this meeting.
Convo Cover Design Contest Will Close At Noon Tomorrow
at the piano by Joanne Lloyd for her concer-t here. Admission to the convocation will be by student passport, season ticket or general admission ticket, which will be on sale
at the door for 66 cents. Convo Is Test Program
This convocation is in the manner of a test program. It will intro^
Tomorrow noon is the deadline duce a young artist who shows for student entries in the Univer- definite talent and promise, and the sity convocation coVer design con- interest shown by students, faculty test sponsored by the Puttering and townspeople will decide the type Shops under the management of of program that will be presented Bob Parks to whom the entries foi- future convos sponsored by the should be submitted. Student War Council.
The contest will be judged on the
Bridge Club To Hold
Three Staff Members
Join Naval Reserve
Three members of the University speech and Engli.sh departments have received commissions in the U. S. Naval Reserve, and have left the University for training service. Lt. William Braswell and Ensign James S. Maddox have been assigned to the naval training school at South-Boston, and are now on duty there. Lt. Roy G. Curtis left late last week for Chicago where he has been assigned to the Naval Reserve Armory.
H. J. Brandt To Speak Committees will consist of faculty members and senior students who were on the livestock judging team last semestei. Winners will be announced at a dinner to be held Saturday evening at the Alpha Gamma Rho Fraternity when Howard J. Brandt of Wabash, secretary of the American Belgian Horse Breeders’ Association will be the speakdr. Details of the event are in charge of a committee headed by Prof. R. B. Cooley of the animal husbandry depar tment.
Party Tomorrow
basis of originality, appropriateness, good proportion and careful drawing. Judges will be Mrs. K. Lark-Horovitz, Prof. Justus Rising, and Prof. Marion K. Willoughby. Two prizes will be offered for the contest, first prize $10, and second prize $6. Entries Must Be In India Ink
David Ross Renamed To Chemurgic Council
Lingler To Discuss . Gauging Instruments
University Bridge Club will hold its last party for the semester tomorrow night after its regular meeting which starts at 8 p. m. in the West Faculty Lounge. It IS desirable for each person who comes to bring a partner or a guest. During the bridge-playing the members and their guests will play for the table prizes presented later in the evening. To be eligttze for these prizes, the members and their guests must play four rounds or at four tables. At 9:30 the meeting will adjourn to the South Ballroom where it will hold its informal spring dance. The refreshments for the evening will be served in the Chestnut Room.
David E. Ross, president of the University Board of Trustees, has been renamed toj the Indiana Farm
Actual designs must be carefully Chemurgic Council by Governor drawn in India ink on illustration Henry F. Schricker. Also renamed board and twice the size of the to the council are Harry J. Beedf covers now in use. The text used Dean of the School of Agriculture, on the present programs should be and Keller E. Beeson, a member of retained on the news ones although the agronomy extension staff, the entrant is at liberty to choose A former student of the Univerthe size and style of type. sity, Russell G. East, was renamed Contestants are not limited to the chairman of the coimcil. East is the number of designs they wish to agricultural representative of the submit but no design will be accept- Pennsylvania Railroad,
ed after tomorrow noon.
Farm Management Club To Hold Picnic
Playshop Will Hold
Picnic Tuesday
Menger To Address Scientific Workers
Louis Lingler will give a lecture on “Gauging and Precision Instillments” tomoiiow night at 7:30 p. m. in loom 101 of the Michael Golden Shops. Lingler is a repiesentativexif the Sheffield Corporation of Dayton, Ohio, which makes micrometers and othei precision instruments. All interested are invited to attend.
Dr. f. C. Young
Dr. Karl Menger, head of the HOUSO
mathematics department at the University of Notre Dame, will speak at an open meeting of the American Association of Scientific Worlcers to be held in room 103 of the Physics building at 7:30 p. m.
Thursday, April 23.
His subject will be “Modern Trends in Mathematics,” and the lecture is open to staff members, students and others interested in
mathematics.
... of the Farm Management Department will speak tomorrow at a meeting of the Executive Committee of .the American Bankers’ Association to be held at French Lick. Subject of the talk will be “Social Aspects of Credit.” The association is made up of key bankers from all over the country.
Farm Management department will hold its annual fish fry Friday, April 24, at 4 p. m. at the Rotary Camp. The program will consist of a faculty-student softball game and other forms of entertainment such as horseshoes. The main course will be as many fish as a person cares to eat. Tickets costing 40c, may be gotten from Charlie Knote, George Bitler and any Farm Management faculty member. All interested are urged to attend.
Playshop will hold its annu^ spring picnic for the Purdue Playei^a Tuesday afternoon and evening. The participants are to meet at 4:16 p. m. on the steps of Fowler HeU, from where they will proceed to the picnic grounds behind the stadium. In case of rain the picnic will he held in Fowler Hall.
Scrivener Club
. . . announces the election of the following officers for the summer semestei: Carroll Coleman, piesident; Claude Middleton, vice-presi-dent; Robeit Childs, secretary; Steve Freeman, treasurer; Dom Mira, house manager; Ed Clemments, purchaser; Bob Boswinkle, social chairman; Joe Mogavero, education chairman; Robert Childs,
SCA representative.
Debris Callout Lingo
All freshmen who are interested in working for the Debris during the coming year will please report to the Debris Business Office on Monday, April 20. Plans for the yeai; will be discussed. Those who report will be allowed to register at 8:00 o’clock the first day of registration.
... of the Public Safety Institute, has returned to the University from a 12 weeks leave of absence, during which he conducted war traffic training schools for the Federal Bureau of Investigation. This work took him through 35 states in each of which he performed his work in conducting the traffic schools.
. . . campus writing honorary, announces the initiation of the following: Ens Holland, Joan Gilbert, Fred Hudson, Mary Lau Sternberg, Bonnie Felder, Kenneth Krieger, Patricia Gaylord, Martha Lou Stewart, George Byers, Ruth Levin, gad Becky Caylor.
ALL EXPONENT COEDS
Meet in the Exponent office tomorrow at 4 p. m. Important that all be there. * —CHATFIELg.,
'll
4^ 4
W’--- W^l
‘imm Jtelf^
1
’',>T,.4'i V’i.
Exponent Editorial And Eeature~ Page
Sunday, April 1% 1942
uAi&tm
^Hr4m Exponent All-American 1940-'41 6fficei: Editorial and Business, Purdue Memorial Uuion, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieidhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. ni., 5377
Cdfhia^ln* Ch irf News Mitor KUMUtibW liditor Vasili«« Manager t:irculhli>>n Msnagrr Cord UdHor'
. John P. Amos Don T. Brophy John U, Afiiui(«oite William 1). Millard Ken K. Ojemre Alice Chatlield
I Publication Staff i Aa'.ociate Editorai SEdtiorial Staff: U Vi Kn-winkl. 1) E. Riilr, W 0 Iloskina, r ,A. Hunter, U. W Oehiltroe. W. R Rnlert. 'Sparta Staff: n. K lluwir, .1 .S D.iwson, K. L Knrpick, R W. Krieger Coed Staff: Salb Roall, ChailoUc llass, .Tenn I*uer, Doris Pickering. Business Staff Coed Buaineaa Manager: Juli.a Martin. Advertising Managers: .1 M Wright, D. I, Johnson. Circulation Manager: G. H Kloumiin. Accdunta Manuer: Trena Torrenga. Jtfldor Cited Managers; Ellen Clark, Jane Keim. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Butz Sports Editor: Karpick Day Editor: Hass Issue Editor: Tyson Workers: Marion, Vcgh Ackerman
Entered as second class matter at the post office in I,Afayette. Indiana, under the act oj Congrew of March d, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, Mt of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published duty except Monday during the regular academic year and vroekly daring the summer Session, Delivered locally by carrier for $3.30 per year, mail subscriptions, $4.00. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc.^ College Pubiishers Kepresentatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Ayres Is No Martyr Alrtiost daily in one or another of the exchange papers the Exponent gets from other colleges throughout the country, there appears an editorial defending Lew Ayres as a conscientious objector and apologizing for the narrowness of the people who do not agree with his stand. The apologies have ranged all the way from V, a statement, that Lew Ayres is merely a conscientious objector and as such does not deserve the title of “traitor” or “war evader,” that the papers have given him, to the following impassioned plea in an open letter: “We are making an example of you. Lew, to show young America that they must fight; and to show them the typo of tolerance they must defend. “You arc the goat, this time. Lew; but be patient with us. Remember it is all for the gpod of Democracy.” I We agree, Ayres has borne some pretty stiff criticism. Dr. Kildare pictures were foolishly w'ithdi'awn from some super-patriotic theaters. Some people have boycotted his pictiu‘es where they have been shown, We also acknowledge that he’ll have to pay for his own food at the “Objectors’ Camp,” and do work like the CCC did. Does this constitute any reason to represent him as a martyr? Were these editorials written by men, we might have been able to read into them a desire by the authors to do the same, but since most of the defense has come from women we are at a loss to attribute it to anything but “glamour appeal.” We don’t look for much glamour or glory to come from th’is war. We don’t expect huge |flag-waving parades. We don’t anticipate much .soul lifting enthusiasm inspired by the glory of war or the worshijj of Mars. Are wc expecting too much to feel that every man, Ayres included, owes himself and the rest of the country his whole-hearted support to prevent what may well become the complete destruction of all democracy in this country, as it has in Vichy—France? He/p Prevent Forest Fires. More and more students will be treking out to wooded picnic spots the weather grows warmer. It’s time to think even more seriously than u.sual about the prevention of fore.st fires. ^ In five southern Indiana counties forest fire.s have broken oitt in the last two days. One of these was a 70-acre fire on the southern edge of Morgan-Monroe State forest. Picnickers can’t be reminded often enough to be .sure every fire they light is completely out before they leave it. Careless drivers .sometimes flick lighted cigarettes into dry In’u.sh, ,and a lighted match can touch off an inferno. In these time.s of conservation for the war effort anyone who start.s such a fire is even moi-e to blame. These woods around us in southern Indiana are one of the beauties of the state—we’re for keeping them here. Let’s be happy, and let’s take steps to .see til at no careless per.son causes fires. —Indiana Daily Student.
The contempoiary attitude that the schools should not teach contJovel.^Ial issues and should teach childi<n “how to think” but not “what to think” is sheei mnal pussylooting and a betrayal ol the leal pin5)o.ses of education. IJ educatois do not coiiect this moral deficiency m wliication wc aie goinR to lose Ahe confidence and suppoit ol the poole—HOMKR P. 51 \INKY, icsident, Univeisity ol Texas
FNTBnKSTING QUIfiSTlON ^ “Will ti two-faced man with a double chin be cn|.iHed to a double lation ol suRai ?”—Calhoun lleittld.
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen Republican Leaders Meet* Tomorrow To Pfan Strategy For Next Political Campaign WASH5N’(jT0N, April 18.—Y6u caif'wiite it flowli^ definitely that there is one thing the Republican National Comnrittee, which meets tomorrow An Chicago, will do. It will continue Representative Joe 'Martin as National Chairman, In recent months the hard-working little New Bng--lander’s leadership Iras been under fire in influential party circles. Anti-isolationists have been critical of his isolationist voting record and the appointment of militant isolationi.sts to high Committee posts. On the other hand, isolationists als.o have been gunning foi his scalp. Senator Bob Taft of Ohior marched a delegation of GOP members of Congress into Martin’s office and frankly told him they thought he ought to vacate the Chairmanship. When he asked whom they favored as his successor, Taft replied, “Alf Landon.” But when other Republican congressional leaders heard of this, they vigorously turned thumbs down on Landon and advised Martin to sit tight. Similar strong counsel came from other potent GOP chiefs. As a result, Martin is certain he is secure in the saddle and will fight any move to oust him. That means there will be no fight, because the last thing all factions want is an inner party tang-le that would be sure to leave painful sears. Note: At a rally he is staging- before the GOP meeting, Democratic Mayor Ed Kelley of Chicago intends to make a big point of the fact that the Republican ©ommittce is convening on Hitlci’.s birthday. • GOP Campaign Strategy In preparation for the Chicago pow-wow, Martin in recent weeks has hold a number of private conferences with State leaders at which he outlined his views on what the GOP strategy should be in this yeai’s crucial congressional elections. The nub of Martin’s plan is that the Republicans should concentrate all their fire on the Administration’s conduct of the wai. Martin .said he was certain the Democrats will try to stick the isolationist label on the GOP and charge it with obstructing the defense program. He admitted that the activities of certain Republicans, such as Congressman Fish and Clare Hofl’man.'would play into the hands of the Democrats. But Mai tin pointed out that the Republicans could cite the fact that the No 1 isolationist leader on Capitol Hill was a Domociat, Senator Burt Wheeler. Also, that since Peail Harbor, the GOP has voted for every war appropriation and moasuie asked foi by the White Hou.se. Martin told the State leaders that the campaign stand the Repiibhean party should take is that the real issue is not what happened before December 7, but how the wai has been run since. On that ground, he declared, the GOP w’lll find plenty of matei ial to blast the Democrats. ' However, with characteristic realism, Mai tin warned the leaders that in the end the campaign will ho decided largely by military developments. That IS, if by fall the Allies have won some major victoiies and prospects foi victoiy have matciially improved, the chance.s will favoi the Deinociats to letain contiol of the IIou.so On the othoi hand, il the Allied pictuie continue.s gloomy, it will be a good bet that the Republicans will come out on top. • Old Appeasers When Philippine High Commissionei Fiancis B Sayie appealed before the Senate Foieign Relations Committee at a closed-door session he i elated many things that arc mihtaiy seci ets But one piece of infoimation is not taboo Sayre nailed as wholly unfounded reports that an extensive pro-Jap appeasement movement exists m the Philippines. There has been some appea.sement activity, he said, but it is definitely not serious. Filipinos are as loyal to the United States as ever. The suffering and adversity they have endured have intensified their patriotism. Sayre reported that only a few politicians were rospon.sible tor the appeasement activity and they carried no influence with the people. Naming these politicians, he added: “Most of them arcold and feeble. “Some of us aie old and feeble, loo,” piped up 7,'5-yoai-old Sonatoi Hnam W. John.s-on of Caliloiiiia, a bittei isolationist. There was a iipplo of laughtei, which increased to a loai as Sayre loplied- “Why, Scnatoi, how can you say that. You really aren’t old. You just imagine it.’ Note: A son-m-law of"Piesident Wilson, Sayic can well lomombci how “youngstei” Johnson twenty years ago led the Senate fight against the League ol Nations. • Father Coughlin Peddlers of Fatliei Coughlin’s magazine, “Social Justice,” have lesoited to a new tuck to get Catholic ehurehgoeis to lead the Royal Oak pi lest’s bitter iso- ‘ lationist tiiades. Since the wai began most Catholic pastois have ‘•trictly lorhiddeii sales ol the magazine in fioiit ol their chiuehes on Sunday mornings. One church whore this oidoi has long been in eifeet i^j^t. Matthews Cathedial in the Capital, wheie many government oil'icials vvoiship. Mon.signoi Edwaid L. Bnckey, the lectoi, began chasing “Social Justice” hawkois away seveial years ago. Recently, however, the Moii.sigmiir was confronted with a new problem. Coughlin agenl.s have been going into the Cathedral, during Mass, and furtively leaving copies of "Social Justice” on a religious periodical table, where they can be picked up tree. The same thing i,-, lepoited in other cluiiches whitli have banned sales of the magazine Monsignoi Biickey has been seizing the magazines and binning them, but so fai has been unable to catch the .smugglei, oi srnuggleis, who apparently carry “Social Justice” uiidei then coats. • As Maine Goes As a Ijfelong Democrat, President Roosevelt m the pa.st has novel subsciibed to the old GOP slogan— (Continued next column)
'WBj4A MONDAY, April 20 9:46—News 10:09—“News Wiiting” with Prof. J. H. McKee 10:66—News 11:00—“World History Since 1914” With Prof. Frank Hall 11:50—Purdue Now.s 11:56—New.s 12:00—Agi iciiltural Foium 12:30—Meet the Band 12:65—News 1:00—Light Classics I l:15-t—Poods, Facts, Fancies 1:30 —Better Homes 1:45—Markets 1:55—News 2:00—Story a Day 2:15—Radio Cameia Club 2:30—Safety Program 2:45—Music 2:55—News 3:00—Mary Louise Reppeit — piftnis^ 3:15—Afternpon Melodies 3:30—West LafayoLle Speech Series 3:56—News 4:00—Tea Time Tunes 4:30—Betty Wedge—singer 4:46—The Curio Man 4i50—Music 4:56—News 5:00—Just' I^clacc 5:15—Cuiient Books with Helen Seaton 5:30—Vespers 5:45—Little Miss Muffett 5:55—News 6:00—Dinner Hour 6:30—Sports RcvieW ' 6:46—Music 6:5.5—News 7:00—Social Security 7:15—SM’s 7:30—Eleanor Slopesma—singer 7:45—After High School, What Next? 7:65—News 8:00—Music 8:15—Progress of Purdue
8:308:45-
8:55—News 9:00—Musicana 9:55—News 10:05—Off the Air
(Continued fioni preceding column) “As Maine goes, so goes the Nation.” But this yeai” he’s looting for the slogan to come true, at lea.st in one respect. , He hopes the Republican Stale
Placement^ For Women ^on t B^cl< Down, Mil land
-William Warren—pianist -Eventide Echoe.s- **
Indianapolis MethodLst Hospital offers training in X-ray technic to students who have completed at lea.st two years of college with work in physics and chemistry. The course is one year in leng'th, No compensation is offered in cither .salary or maintenance, but there is no * tuition. Students interested •should call the Placement Service for Women (2965) for fui'ther information. George W. Bailey, Chairman, Radio Section, National Research Council, 2101 Constitution Avenue, Washington, D. C.,states that theie is immediate need for one hundred women trained' for research in physics. There will undoubtedly be a need for a thousand more in the near future. There is a tremendous need for women^ith courses in the fundamentals oiUsadio. Women are needed for work in connection with radio locator in research laboratoiies and in the development and installation of radio communication facilities. CIVIL SERVICE U. S. Civil Service Commission announces training for student nurses. Applications must he on file at Washington, D. C., not later than May 13, 1942. convention, held eai'ly this month, will be a model for similai conventions by both parties in eveiy state in the Union. In staging the fiist political conclave of this campaign year, Maine Republicans did veiy little politicking. “Unity” was the watchword. It was a very inspiring demonstration of patnoti.sm, and no one desoives grcatci Cl edit than the man who presided, Senator Ralph 0. Biew-
ster.
Brewster delivered a rousing sijpech, urging Republicans everywhere to give their united support to the President. “America goes forth once more in a great crusade for human freedom,” he declared. “The issue cannot be in doubt. Partisan politics perished in the fires of Pearl Harbor.” Biow-tci’s pica was leflcctod in tlie platform adopted by the convention, which staled in pait- “The paramount duty of eveiy Amoiican citizen IS to lake his full pait in bunging about a decisive and complete victory In attaining this re-
PAULETTE GODDAR0 gets what-for from co-star RAY MILLAND in their new Pai amount comedy-thullei, “The Lady Has Plans,” which comes Sunday to the Lafayette Theatie. Paulette, a reporter mistaken for a spy with stolen U. S. Navy plans ifawu on her back in invisible ink, ha.s ideas on Hacking down the i eal sjiy which do not meet with Milland’s approval. The picture is hilariously funny. In the cast also aie Roland Young, Albeit Dekkci, Margaiet Hayes, all of
whom give excellent perfoi mances.
suit, paity politics, as such, have no place. The Republican pai ty of Maine pledges its whole-heai tod support to-the Piesidcnt in a vigoious and efficient piosccuUon of the wai.” As an added touch of unity. Mis. Helen C Donohue, Deniocialic postmastei of Poitland, was invited to sell wai savings bonds and stamps in a booth on the coiivjentioii flooi. The GOP delegates purchased more
NOW PLAYING-
than .$32,000.,w'oi th in the two days of the convention. (Copynght, 1942, by United Fe'atuie Syndicate, Inc.)
LUHA
TODAY
NOW SHOWING wow—What a Show TWO FIRST RUN HITS
' TAKE OFF FOR HAPPINESS WITH DISNEY ALL-OUT FOR FUN I :
Introducing Dumbo, the flying baby elephant, cuter than Dopey!
MONDAY
ALL STARS! ALL FUN!
FAY BAINTER • VIRGINIA WEIOLEI RAY IVIcDONALD • RICHARD QUIN DONALD MEEK ALEXANDER WOQILCOTT
• ■*
PLUS
The joints jumpin' with jive and joy. They Keep the Roars A'Rollin/!
BERT LAHR BUDDY EBSEN
jUNE HAVOC PATSY KELLY
SING YOUR WORRIES AWAY with America's Newest Top Notch Band ALVINO REY and HIS ORCHESTRA PLUS — The King Sisters
ARC
- TODAY - MONDAY - DARING! DIFFERENT!
ALSO
MICKEY MOUSE
k ^4:4111911)11 rluttiN Vlth
RatAND YOilNE • ALBERT DEKKER • MARGARB HAYES umiau Starts TODAY
Ti4e ^.-EN^ATlOWAL
V
J^£AO SO MC/C/V ABOarJ Hei_P^
K-eeP Te\€ GUFFAW^
Rolling. larcenous
But LOVCLV
LOVEG
Caitoonist E. D. Kuekes crcatioiib of scenes and playci.s (lom thij pictuie “Rings On Her Finger.s” now showing at the Mars Theatre.w
if ' i ’ ' V.jjy \
ri
*»(
M*
jf S- \ J ■j^- Wl
SttHday, Apfil 1% 1942 \ teitfiifeMMiiliMMMMMMHWWMUbiMMraHtaMMMMla
Boilermtfker Sports
i, \Nm Track A^e?t; S|I^$|^X5 Take Second CHAMPAIGN, III,—(Special to the Purdue Exponent)—IIhhdis tijbk fitst place in the quadrangular meet that brought together ttack gqtrads ft’om Purdue* Iowa, and Northwestern m k<MItion to the victorious aggregation Weakness m the field events was largely responsible for the Boilermakers having to play Sdcond fiddle to their hosts. The Ilhm gathered a total of 62' 1-2 points, to 42 5-6, for the Riveters, 35 1-3 for Iowa, and
I2^*4*f0ir Northwestern
Thb cool spring air did not keep down the quality of the performances as most of the events were captured in mid-season times, Coach Heimon Phillips of
the RiV^tei team stated that these times were as good as any m the countiy at this stage in the track campaign Farmer One Man Team Lee Paimei, the Iowa speedstgi was the outstanding peifoimei in the meet with thiee first places to bis credit Not only did he take three fiists, but each of his pei formances was of the type desciib ed as “sensational ” His time in the 100 yard dash was 09 8 in the 220 he covered the distance in 21 6, and he capped a bannei afternoon with a 23 foot 10 inch leap in the bioad
jump
The Boileimakers took fiists in the low huidles the mile lelay and had a tie foi fiist in the pole vault Claicnce Kion captured a fiist m the low huidles with the excellent time of 23 7 The Rivetei vaisity lecoid of time of 23 5 was good enough to take the confeience that year so Kion may be tonsideied a definite confei enee championship possibility on the strength ot yes teiday’s pciloimance Easy win In Relay Fiom the crack q1 the staitci’s gun until Captain Bui t Anthony sailed acioss the finish line the one mile lelay was stiictly a one sided affaii Bill Banckei led off foi the Riveteis and turned the baton and
a thiee yard lead ovei to Bob Arnold Ainold picked up five moie yaids, a^d George Aichei, luniimg thud, added five moiei Captain Burt Anthony had no trouble in maintaining his big lead until he bioke the tape Rehbuig of Illinois took fiist places in both the 440 yaid dash, and in the 880 yaid xun Buit Anthony finished second in the 440 which was inn in the fast time of 49 6 Ainold was in thud place, but he fell at the finish line Sihte only the uppei pait of his body was acioss the line he did not get his thud place Jentsch Gets Place Points A1 Jentsch took second places in both the S80 and in the mile Don Kemp finished light behind his team mate in both of these events Glad den of Illinois won the two mile run in 9 41 in front of Keith McLaughlin and Chailes Dueslei who finished in second and thud places lespec tively McLaughlin’s time of 9 42 was the fastest that he has tvei no gotiated the distance Vollenweidei of Iowa divided the honoi s in the huidles with Kion of the iftvetoi team The Hawkeye wood splittei took a fiist m the high sticks and a second in the low, and Kion took a fiist in the low huidles and a second m the high
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. HARDWARE —PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We' Deliver
Riveter^Se^ Active: ttcelnArin)'’ Navy. Marines > 4 i r t < - By Jim Ackehmnh Piom tiainmg camps to battle fionts, Rivetei athletes have been found fulfilling a variety of duties since the start of hostilities, dis playing the same competitive spuit and “will to win” in actual warfaie that they did m collegiate competition Ovei a bundled athletes, who have giadUated fiom the Rivetei domain m the last few yeais, are takjing part in active seivice in the vaiious branches of the Aimy, Navy and Marines One Boilei maker letter man has given up his life for his countiy in the Philippines Two othei men aie stationed in London, while another Riveter is seeing ac tion in Australia Field Artillery Of/icer Killed Lt Van Delestei, a field aitilleiy officer, was killed in action un<)ei Gen MacAithui While at school Van Delestei earned his letter in swimming and was captain of the 1938 water polo team Some football stars that are now in active seivice are “Red” Caitei, Dave Rankin Mike Byelene, Bob Johnson, Ted Hennis and the Purvis biothers Caitei who was a junioi halfback on last fall’s eleven, is now in training as a navigator Rankin, captain and All Ameiican end on the 1941 squad, along with Frank Danowski first baseman of the 1941 nine, is winding up his tiaining as pilot for the Naval An Corps Byelene Stationed at Shelby Second Lieutenant Byelene is sta tinned at Camp Shelby, Mississippi The star centei of last fall s eleven Bob Johnson, is tiainmg for an Ensign’s commission Hennis, quarter back from 1937 to 1939, has an Ensign’s commission Jim and Duane Purvis who starred foi the Riveter teams of 1931 34 are both serving as athletic officers in the Army These aie just a few of the many Rivetei s that are seeing action that so many moie Boilermakers will adhere to following May 3
Phone 2343
SCOBEE’S
— All Kinds ot photographic Supplies Fresh Film ami Film Pks — Try Our Quahty Kodak Fmtshing — PROMPT SERVICE
105 Norihwestei n Ai <
Meet' Wally Roet’tger We had the pleasure of speaking to Wally Roettgei, the Illinois baseball coach, after the ball game yesteiday afternoon It Ws a treat to talk with a man who has had as much experience in the game as Wally has ' He isn’t one of those fellows who is considered a major leaguer on the strength of a tryout with a big league team He roamed the outfields of the National league foi seven years fiom 1928 to 1934 inclusive Smari- Ball Rfayer You’ll have to ela^s Wally as a smart ball playei, because when his time in the majors was up he did not ride the toboggan downward first to AA ball and then down by steps until he wound up in the bushes In stead of continuing to play when the youth had gone out of his legs and battipg eye, Wally took over the coaching job at Illinois and is m his eighth season at the helm of the Illini nine His reeoid as a coach is one to be proud of, for the Ilhni aie always up around the top of the con feience Member of Gasholuse Gang He biojce into the majors with the &t Louis Cardinals in ’28 as a cen tei fieldei and played on the team that won the woild senes in ’31 Wally contends that playing on a world championship ball team was the big gest thiill that he got out of the game that pioduces so many thiills Perhaps you lemembei that 193J. senes That was the year that Pep per Martin, an unknown Cardinal rookie, rgn wild against the mighty Athletics apd led fhp St Louis team to a victpry in a hqptm seven game senes Cochrane Not' at Fault Many ot the fans cntieized Mickey Cochiane, the A’s leceivei for let ting-the Pepper lOam the bases at will In answer to our queiy Wally Roettgei stated that he believed that the pitcheis weie responsible for those thefts He said, “You couldn’t have thrown Martin out if you would have shot the ball out of a gun ” Wally has had some good ball plac'd s at Illinois, in fact he has two men right now that are better than aveiage Pitcher Chuck Campbell has a lot on the ball and shortstop Boyd Baikley is a fine fielder in addition to being a dangeious man with the stick Boudreau Illini Standouf The best player that Roettgei has had at the Charnpaign institution is Lou Boudieau Lou performed on the Ilhm nine beioie he went into the majors to become the youngest managei in the history of the big leagues Wally believes that Boudreau has an excellent chance of being a successful manager because he is a smait ball playei and a natural leader Fans Fail To Turn Out* It was nice to talk to Wally Roettger, but it wasn’t any particulai tieat to look around and see all the empty places in the stands The students certainly are not giving the team the suppoit that it deserves All of the home games this season have been played before veiy small crowds In view of the smpnse win over the favoied Illini Friday, theie should have been a laige crowd on hand to lOot for the team Instead the team played before a yery slim gioup of fans Even the professional teams play better before a large turn out Certainly the college playei can get at least a little inspiration from a loyal gioup of rooteis —ELK
Riveterj Splij Swiss With Illinois Nine Ry Joe Uawson ^ Taking advantage of every scoring opportunity, the lltiiii diamond squad over.shadovyed the Riveter nine by & Ot 10 to 6 yesterday afternoon on Ross-Ade Field. A five ntn nsing in the second and another four run splurge in th6 4ev* enth provided the margin of victory for the invaders. In the last half of the ninth frame with the count stane^h^ at 10 to 4 against them, the Riveters started a desperate but could not push across the needed tallies Catcher WaK Smith opened the inning by reaching first on an error by Ah* troth, the Illinois third base- n--- - man Horsey Riley, batting for ^ Petnch, was safe on another McFerren then scored the second error, this time by the Illini run of the mnmg whew a low pitch
hurlei, Schillei Leadoff man Bill Burghaidt then woiked Schillei foi a base on balls loading the sacks
Friend Hits In Pinch
Duffy Friend followed with a haid smash through the pitchei’s
went thi ough catcher Bill BreWeV. Illinois took a three run lead in the first of the second, never to be beaded, by scoiing five runs on only three hits coupled with three Rivetei eirors Two miseues by Rill
Denny Galehousc St Louis Browns’ pitcher believes tennjs is a hotter conditioner than golf because it doesn’t put any strain on hrs arm
DINNER IS
SERVED
And what a meal it will be— seasoned just right, and every dish boasting a real home-cook-ed flavor. Eat your next meal at the CAFETERIA
Good food is our Pride. JPUL fijUJiduSL TybimxfiiaL lAnJbtL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
DiR PAUL A RISK PR, LUTHUR A RISK DR HAkqtP I- — OEBTim 400-404 Sehu)t« Bldg 4th and Main St Lafayette
GOLF RESULTS Notre Daihe defeated Puidue, 198 Singles matches—Knipp (P) defeated Wilson (ND) 3 0, Conroy (ND) defeated Schutt (P) 3 0, Fehllg (ND) defeated Dahl (P) 3 0, Pishei' (ND) defeated Kraft (P) 3 0, Harrigan (ND) defeated Mt Daniels (P) 2 1 Nash (ND) defeated Uittmer (P) 3 0 Doubles
April
1942
Dear Students:
Th® EXPONENT this year went tjjrough its most trying financial period since 1918-19. First it was the new press, its cost, installation and maintenance. Then it was increased costs and priorities on papeh and supplies. And finally a request by the University to publish on the regular schedule while it was financially expedient to publish only three
days a week.
All students, seniors included, have an opportunity to help maintain the EXPONENT on the campus by subscribing to its summer edition. Seniors can have their paper sent to them at home, at work, or in the service. Undergraduates that are not going to be here this summer will find the EXPONENT an efficient way of keeping up with the University. Even those in school can send onei home to their parents—it's much easier than writing. Seniors can send in their coupon, but keep the receipt. Undergraduates cati subscribe at the West Desk or down in the EXPONENT office'after 4:00. Oh, yes, the rates ll.SO May to September mail |:i..25 May to September local Don't put it off until next week—subscribe today! / Sincerely yours,
a JIM
louman
Ass't. Giro. Mgr.
GHK/KKG
box which Bartley was baiely able Buighai^t, another by Pfetrieh, wd
hits by Noth Hull and BreWer pro-
duced the deciding counters^
In the seventh the Illrni went fSrthei ahead on singles by Bob Pfnn and cleafi up man Astroth^ ftjlloW’ed by a long home run to deepr right
centei bv Charlie Noth
matches—Kmpp and Schutt (P) defeated Conroy and Nash (ND) 2-1, Fisher and Malloy (ND) defeated Dahl and Croft (P) 2 1, Fehhg and Murehead (ND) defeated McDan lels and Dittmer (P) 2 Conroy of Notre Dame turned in the best score of the day with a 73 and Knipp made the best score among the Purdue golfers with a 76
to knock down Before the Illini shoitstop could lecovei the ball tvo Rivetei luns had score With no outs and two men still one base Campbell the starting and losing huilei in yesterdays game, lelieved the tir
mg Schiller
The Illini ace then took complete command of the situation by forcing Hairy McFeiien to ground out sinking out Young and foicing Wal ton pinch hitting for Geoige Burg haidt, to fly out to left ending the
ball game
Petnch Victim of Errors Paul Petnch big sophomore light hander went all the way foi the Boileimakeis allowing 10 hits while sinking out six of the Suckeis The big fellow pitched a fai bettei ball game than the score indicates, since thiee Riveter enors figured laigely in the Ilhni sconng Paul had un usually coutiol shown by the fact that he walked only two men dunng the nine inning stretch Schillei the long slendei Illinois moundsman had considei able trouble locating the plate, but man aged to hold the Riveters in check until the ninth It was the same fel low who last week white washed the Hoosieis 13 to 0 All the Boileimak ei batters weie hitting him but they couldn’t seem to keep the ball out of the hands of the opposition Riveters Store First In the fiist inning the Riveteis scored two runs without getting n hit to jump into the lead Aftei Bill Buighaidt had stiuck out both Fiiend and McFeiien weie flee tianspoitation to fust With the count thicc and two on him Young took a ball way outside foi the thud straight walk of the fiame Fiiend scoied when Qeoige Biiig
|Tbe Quickest, Surest Way 'YOU Can Help Win This
BOX SCORE
Illinois Finn If Paiker lb Bartley ss Astroth 3b Milosevich cf Noth rf Hull 2b Brewer c Schiller p Campbell p Totals Purdue W Burghardt ss Friend If McFerren 2b Yount 3h G Burghardt lb Kersey cf Hipp rf Smith c Petnch p (a) Riley Total-,
ABB &eeA R 0 2 1 3 0 0
o 0 1 9
0
2 3 1 1 2 i 0 0 3 ft
1 r
a 1 ft ft 2; 1 1 ft 0 ft t ft Soft ft, ft ft ft 3 1 dr 9 0
41 10 10 27 1ft ABB HPOA 3 0 0 0 3 4 2 2 2 ft 4 1 ft b ft 3 0 1 2, 2 4 ft- 1 IL 0 4 0 0 3 0 4 112 0 3 1X66 ft ft 0 ft 2 1 1 ft ft 0
33 6 ft 2r 10 ft
(a) Riley batted for Petnch in ninth.
Ilhnolb Purdue
050 00ft 10 200 lift ooa— ft
Errors—W Burghardt (2) Petnch (Ih Parker (1) Astroth (1) Schiller (1) batted in G Burgrhardt (1) Young Smith (li Friend (2) Astroth (t), Noht (3) Hull (1) Brewer Uk BartleJ U> Stiike outs by—Petnch 6 Schiller O Cam* bell 1 Winning Pitcher Schiller pitcher Petnch Umpires Alexand4if Kramer t
IM Schedules
The folljwng teams will plajr baseball Mon Hj cveninj nt 4
Biguoiid
Phi Gamma Delta vs Sigma Alpha Mu % Suma Chi vs Acacia 2 iheta Xi \s Sigma Nu 5 Si ma Phi Epsilon vb Sigma Alpha Fi bilon 4 Alpha Gamma Rho \s Phi Kappa a Alphi Sr»mi Phi vs Beta. Theta Pi b Phi Sigma Kappa v Tnu Kappa
Kpbilon
Ward ’ Vb Ward 24 War I 21 Vb W ird >3 W rd 8 Vb Ward 36 The following A
matches will be played at 4 Monday eraii*
int
Doubles
ft 9
teams
Court
Si„ma Pi Vb Sife.ma Phi Epsilon 1 Si«-m i Is i V Phi Kappi Tau d Trianjrlt v Theta Chi 3 Phi Delta Theta vs Alpha Chi Rhtt 4 Si ma Chi Kappa Sigma a B Doubles Tennis Matches at 4
Court
B ta Thct i Pi vs Sigma Chi ft Alpha hit,ma Phi vs Si.?ma Alpha Mu 1a \tacia \b Pi Kappa Alpha B Doubles Tennis Matches at 3 ,
CQUri
Alph i Gamma Rho vi> Phi B^ta ThiKth Sitma \u Vb Alpha Tau Omega $ Kappa Delta Rho Vb Sigma Phi Epsiloh V Phi Kuppu Tau vb Sigma Alpha Sp&riloh 4 Theti Xi Vb Theta Chi ^ 5
\Buy iDefeRse BONDS—STAMPS Now/
Dine Tonight NU CHINA GRiU. CHOW MEIN — CHOP SUIY 409 Cetumbia SI.
It’s an all star performance from start to finish From the time your clothes reach us till the time you get them, tey receive the care and quality of work that only the tops m cleaners can give Attired m immaculately clean and pressed clothes, you’ll be given 4 stars by admirers.
Noi ihwestci n at Vine
Phone 4081
f'XI\
■
I < JN.
PurcluiS Exponent SuhSdy, Sprit 19,
University Calendar WEEK OF APRIL 19-25, 1942
Personnel Notes
AH Students: Students who expect to changre from one school within the University to another at the end of the present semester are advised to obtain the necessary blanks at once from the Reptistrar’s office. -STONE
invited free Meet at EE building at B 30 ments will be served
P m —MILES
-MUNGER
Sunday, April 19 3:00 PM.—Convocation—Maitha T^ip- ‘ ton, Conti Hall of Music 7:30 P.M.—Sciivenei Club MWting Room 261, Union
Monday, April 20 All Day--N01 tliwestern vs Puidue
Golf Moot
West Lafavetto Country
Club
7.00 PM—High School Supeivisois Meeting 7 30 P M —Alpha Phi Omega Pledge Meeting 8 00 PM —Reameis Meeting 8 30 P.M—Univeisitv Club Budge
Room 261, Union
9.30 P.M—Univeisity Club Meeting
Room 305, Union Room 304, Union West Faculty Lounge, Union South Ballioom, Union
Tuesday, April 21 1 00 P M —Committee on State
of Univeisity
Puidue Pla\ei’s Picnic Sigma Pi Sigma Meeting Phi Lambda Upsilon Meeting Sigma Pi Sigma Banquet
4- 00 P M 4:30 PM 5- 00 PM 6 00 P M
6 00 P M ■ 7 00 P M.7 30 P M -
7 30 P M ■ 7 30 P.M - 7-30 PM7 30 P M -
-All Engmeeiing Banquet -P I A Dance Class -Chiistiaii Science Oiganization -Silvei Mask Meeting -Ceies Meeting -Alpha Phi Omega Meeting -Foiestiy Club Meeting
Room 263, Union Picnic Giounds Towel, Union Room 304, Union West Faculty Lounge,
Union
South Balhoom, Union Noith Ballioom, Union
COMPANIES SCHEDULED TO VISIT CAMPUS — Roots-Connersville Blower Corporation, Connersville, Ind , Apiil 21. U. S. Rubber Co., Mishawaka, Indiana, Apiil 22. Bell Airciaft Corporation, Buffalo, N Y , April 23 and 24 RCA Mfg. Co., Camden, N .1 — Junioi and Graduate Electrical arid Mechanical Engineers for summei employment Sign in Peisonnel Office by Satuiday, Apiil 24 Roots-Connersville Blower Corp., Connersville, Indiana Coming Apiil 21 Wants M E May and August graduates Sign in Peisonnel Ofl'ice by 3 p m. Monday, Apiil 20 Electro-Motive Division of General Motors, LaGrange, 111. M E, (for Process and Engine woik), E E (for tost woik) Sign in Peisonnel Olfiee by 3 p m. Monday, April 20. Ritter Co, Inc., Rochester, N Y M E.. E E., Ch E Sign in Peisonnel Office by Thuisday, April 23
Town Girla Club; Picnic Saliiiday, April 25, nt 3 '30 p m in Happy Hollow Meet ih West Faculty Ijounpre before stnrlini? I’lease siprn up nt wont desk in Union by Monday April 20 Brimr 20 dents for food when you fiiltn up —GRAVES
Debris: Freshman callout for all who aie interested in woikinji for Debris diiiinB the corainK two teims will please report to the Debris Business Office, Monday Apiil 20 Plans for the new book will bo discussed Those who report will bo allowed to icRister nt 8 a m the first day of reKistration —MINTON
Reamer Club: Elections nt meeting Monday April 20 in room 304 of the Union at 7 30 p m All actives will be present
—RUFFNER
papers must be in by April 26. f! —WILKBNINd ’1
Room 303, Union Room 304, Union Room 305, Union Room 307, Union Room 117, Hoiticultuic Building
Classified Ads
8 00 PM
-Graduate Dames Installation oi Officeis
8.00 P M7:30 P.M-
-West Lafayette Musicale -Co-ed Reading Contest (Finals)
East Faculty Lounge, Union Music Room, Union
Mimeoffraphinff .and typing—bulletininffH, Ittlois o£c Stalls Mcitiiitil Stnicc North 4th St
Lost Plastic nmmed prlasscs in blade ISO Call Itojfcr Kolb 702()
9-00 A M1 00 PM-
Wednesday, April -National Meter Conleience -Natronal Metei Conteience Luncheon
Eli7d Fowler Hall 22 ' Room 363, Union
Notices
4.00 P M-6-00 PM-
-Student Housing Committee -Women Faculty Dinner
7 30 P M • 7-30 P.M-
-Scabbaid and Blade Meeting -Tau Beta Pi Meeting
Rooms 332 and 331, Union Room 261, Union East Faculty Lounge, Union Towel, Union East Reception Room, Union
Alpha Phi Ome^a Plcdpce moetinp: in loom 10') ol Uu Union at 9 p m Moral ly Apul 20 Attendance is compuKoiy SCHALLIOL
POMM Election of olliccrs will bo held in loom 10) ol the Armor> it i p m lias d i> Ainil 21 All tuniois of the Oidei be siiK to ittend HUSHNELI
9 00 A M -
Thursday, April 23
-Indiana Fioyen Food Locker’s Conference
Strl^^.nt^s llitie will be i meelina: m loom 201 ol the Union 'Vpiif 10 I iiu Os li nidri will nvi i shoit li idinj-. of ( I nul It \\\ immlieis jile ise be present Im pfitint biisuuss nuftm iltiiwuiK DK'XY
9 00 A M - 1 00 P M -
-National >10101 Conioienoe
EasLFacult^ Lounge,
Union
l^ooins 555 and 36 5,
Union
Ml I ni,int ennr It iniiiitl Yinii list (bind till 1 till it to till blluiKl IS S uid IV Am il I'l 1 uKi t- mu d It 1 s, ii. u 111 i! Il It till wist disk of llu Union NOll lUIANN
-Nation il Mold (onJeiiiice Liiru lioon
(ill I iisdiiri 11 11 ti 111 I (II m 111 on It > |) 111 111 il \ \|ii I -1
LOHI N
111 111
3 00 P M ■ 6 30 P M ■
-SCHCll Rovkx Cheinioal Ln_,intci Sttuoi’s li.inqiu t
Itooni 5 52 ilid 5 1, U’lioii Hall Ol ViiisK
1 III I,. I 1 I'l U in \ lu il I 111 1 11 ui 111 ti l l 111 llu illin'iiui in,: bin I I 111 I 1 I nil Ih Ol 11 I I (h u I ill 1 I II Ilii II I, I I II 11 Ml M I o \i III 2(1 NOI riMANN
7 15 r M7 50 PM7 30 P M - 7 30 P M 7 30 P M
-Ridiiig Club Molting -Civil All Paliol -Canu la Club Meetin*’ -Chi 1 stun SLu(1( lit Ft lloM-shij) -P I A Clio-in
Wist 1 aoiiR\ Loum. Union Room 505, Union Room ,50 5, Union Room 504, Union Rcmm 507, Union Tow(‘i, Union
iiislimiii iMililai) IriiK (ontisloilH ulihl IIV 11 111 mil Mil i> Il I I in llu I 1 lilh 11 I Ii I n 111 W 'i 11 \ III 2’ V \NI)i 111 OKI)
P I ill Smd I ! ot s I niti it 111 111 th t idiru loom ( 1 th VI th iiiK il In in t i : ij hiiih iiij it I ) I ni I lasfl i> \|)i i|
( Pi LOUV
9 00 AM
Friday, April 24 -l‘io/cn Food Looker’s Conli 1 oiici
Phi I imlxl I Upsjloii Pbdijts I imil I Itt< D in 10(1 n (11 oi llu Uni >n i m III s » i\ 'V'jMl 21 I JPNS
East racuhy Lounge, Union
9 00 A AI
9 00 AM
-State Wide Planning Committee lot Industiial Edu(atioii -National Meter Conic i once
Room 212, Union Root IS 355 and 36 5, Union
S< il.lurd iiul Ill.idi I list nil dm' I I I im W In s I \ A| 11' 2 ’ Ol 11 i 111, n \( lull s nusi IS uill II, III I <■ H itnput int Ibn 1! m minis h pt ii Ml fill nut n il irid lul s li ii li' I 1 i ii 1(1 (111 till I tin 111 mdii In 11,1 I till 1)1lus I 1 11 IS % 11 llns IS I 1 il, m,,i, 1 ill mi 1(1 IS SUI1IVW
10 OO A AI
4 30 P M - 4 00 PM 7 30 P.M 7 30 P.M 8 30 PM
-Committee on .Secondarv Sthool Sficiioe -Cosmopolitan Club Meeting -Faiin Management Fish Fiy -Interli atei nitv Fellow-ship -Mixed Reel cation -P I A Novelty Dance
Military Code Students CmU eeitifieiti H Hi> in 111 m-.mitic»is i ( m in i
Room 26 5, Union Room 50 I, Union
BURKHART
Room 307, Union W'omcn’s Gymnasium Both Balliooms, Union
liiton Club ImpDitint meetint? al 7 10 )) m I u N 1Apnl 21 \( m jjU t e ( OtlK BROWNE
WAA Amom intinstid in 11 iss bivI ill '-u n up II (h( luill tin in th L’^vm and (unu to i ) i-ss ( illoiil Mond ly April 20 it { \ rn HVUtiHMAN
What Are You Doing to Protect Your Clothes?
Every man, woman and child is in thi,s war. (Conserve to Serve has become a slogan. Saves Clothes. Have yoiir garments Oown (leaned Kegnlarlyi
Crown Laundry
Top of the Hill
Phi Lambda Upeilon * Election of oOTiccr'? Thursday, Aptil 2J at 4 30 pm in loom 120 of the Chem Annex MONTGOMERY
Radio Amateurfi* Ranio club pionic-moot-nip and election of olTieors will be held 'I uc‘fiday Apnl 21 All inteiesltd in nm.itoiii radio are invited 'Ihoio will bo ti 10 cent ehargt foi non-membeis Members are
Ceres: The Inst meeting of the presenl semester will be held at the home of Piof Robbins Tuesday April 21 Meet at the* (Hst dooi of the Union at 7 p m Those th«it have cats asailablc please bung them Anyone unable to attend this meeting contact EuUr Ol Call ihnn Ixfoie Monday noon ~ CALLAHAN
Christian Science Organization* Regular meeting 7 30 p m Tuesday, Apnl 21, m loom 103 of the Union —LOCKWOOD (nimlet dlub • Initiation Tuesday evenine, Apnl 21, at 7 nt the SPE house Alt plodKes nmist be present —.TOHNSON
Delta Rho Kappa: Meeting Monday, April 20 at 6 in room 307 of thd Union. Outstanding dues are payable at this time.
--BIERLIN
S. C. A. Board: Important meeting Tues-
day, April 21 nt 7:30 p.m.j in S. C. A. Room Attendance is essentia). Any S._ C. A.
membei who is also interested is invited to attend —MOGAVERO '
Sophomore Military Students- AH sophomores whose mines appeal on the list of lliost. necipled for the .irlvaiue course must aigii contiucls in the main office of the Armoiy pnoi to April 25 — RIORDAN
AH Students: Those interestctL in taking*
this SI
Spanish 73 (Engr Spanish) this summer please call me at 8444 before April 25f Course includes study of Conversational and piactieal Spanish, M. L 61-G2 are prereciiiisites —SHEEHY
Typewriters—Adding Machines, all makes told, rented, repaired and purchased Mimeograph work done C I Ebershoff, 605 Mam, Lafayette Phone 2773
Rooms For Fellows In now insulated buck home Tiled shown iwin beds eioss vcntilatoi Priv.ite entr.ince Phono 2111
Tail Beta Pi Elictioii of offieeis Wodiiesd ly Apiil 22 al 7 iO |i ni in the Pasl Ri(c)Uion l.ouiigi of Ibi Union Rifrisli-
Marriagc foiirse- Meeting Wednesday, April 22 in lOom 202 of lleaVilon Hall at 7 il) foi motion piiliiiis—no notes 'I'lnn
Military Juniors: Report to supply room of Armory not Inter than 4 30 p m. Monday, April 20, to be measured for summer clothing —BROWN
DEAC SAYS: Fellows—Now that the Prom is over get out of the hole by selling your used books.
50% CASH
is payed on all used books.
325 State Street
H. G. “Deac” REISNER BOOKSTORE
—Established 1908 — West Lafayette, Indiana
LET’S STAMP OUT THE AXIS!
America iiuisl be firsl—on Hie fields of Jiallle, on Hie sea, and in Ihe air. I'or Hiose of ns wlio are slill al borne, wbellier we are serving on defense projeels or noS, onr jofi is lo share in our govern men 1. LET’S STAMP OUT THE AXIS! i 'k "k 'k
BUY U. S. DEFEISE BOlVnS and STAMPS ★ ★★★★★★★★★★★★★