%
h I
^ *J*N
V|
i /
Purdue
c>in
Exponent
Volume 51, No. 137
Sundoy, Moreb 17, 1940
A Week of War
Finland's 105 Day War With Soviet Russia . ., officially ended last Friday as members of the Finnish Diet ratified the peace treaty between the two countries 145-3. Fifty-two members, of the two hundred forming the Diet, were either absent or refused to vote in the secret session of the parliament. Premier Eisto Ryti, one of the (Relegation of four tl^rat negotiated the treaty in the Russian capital, spoke to the delegates, advocating ratification, despite the harsh terms. “To make peace often calls for
Music Appredation Week In Lafayette Opens Wednesday
Committee Offers Free Bid For Best Prom Decorations
Choirs Will Give Easter Cantata In Fowler Hall
more courage and initiative th&n to resort to war,” said the premier. ■“By accepting aid from the Allies, Pinland would have been drawn into the World War,” he declared. Kyosti Kallio, president of Finland, also spoke before the Diet advocating ratification. The Supreme Soviet of the USSR is to meet March 29 to officially ratify the treaty.
The Peace Treaty . . . calls for Finland to give Rus-
1. The Karelian Isthmus and the entire shore of Lake Ladoga, 2. The Hango Penninsula (by lease for 30 years), 3. Ribnii and Srenti penninsulas in northeastern Finland, 4. Viipuri, Finland’s third largest city, 5. Free transit through northern Finland between Russia and Sweden, 6. Right to build a railroad through Finnish territory to link Russia and Sweden, and 7. An agreement not to maintain warships, submarines, or aircraft in the Arctic regions, except for coast guard duty. Russia gave Finland: 1. A non-aggression treaty, and 2. A trade treaty, the terms have not as yet been settled.
Finland's Foreign Minister
. .. Vaino Tanner, in a broadcast directed to the United States, asked this country to continue her aid work even though the country has ceased her war with Russia. Tanner officially thanked Americans for their yoluntary assistance to his country. He estimated that homes must be found for 460,000 families in the ceeded Russian territory, and that government first aid must be supplied “tens of thousands” of wounded Finnish soldiers.
But In The Wake
... of the peace treaty is misery and suffering, as homeless Finns trudge through heavy snows, evacuating areas ceeded to Russia. Snow plo\(rs were keeping roads open, as an estimated army of one hundred thousand men, women, and children from southeastern Finland pushed north. On foot, in autos, and wagons Finns carried their movable belongings out of the land turned over to the Soviet.
In Berlin The Peace
Hastily Computed
Rumania's King
Former Students Complete Basic Air Corps Flight Course
Ten recordings of ssrmphonies by great masters ■will be available to everyone at low cost when the Lafayette music appreciation actmties begin Wednesday. Miss Helen L. Walters, Sc ’35, executive manager of the campaign for Lafayette and surrounding territory, will be in charge, while A1 Stewart, University choral director, and Dr. F. D. Martin, of the chemistry department, are co-chairmen of the committee directing the activities. Headquarters "will be at the Decker store.
Three University graduates, R. W. Mino ’38; R. H. Richards ’36; and J. W. Morris ’39, have successfully completed the basic course in flight training as cadets of the United States Army Air Corps at Randolph Field, Texas. The cadets ■will be transferred to Kelley Field, Texas, for three months advanced ^flight instruction before being awarded their second lieutenant wings. W. W. Moore, W. A. Hardesty, F. W. Miller, former University students, having recently completed the 66 hours primary training at Lincoln Airplane and Flying School, Lincoln, N.ebraska, are now eligible for this second or basic course offered at Randloph Field. Upon completion of the Kelly Field advanced course as a second lieutenant, the officer is assigned to one of'the air corps tactical units, such as bombing, attack, or pursuit squadron, or he may be assigned to foreign service depending upon his abilities and his personal prefer-
The Lafayette campaign is part of the Indiana and national movement to bring better music ■within the reach of everyone. The drive has the sanction and endorsement of President E, C. Elliott, who was among those attending the banquet in Indianapolis, inaugurating the Indiana campaign a few weeks ago. Arrangements are now being completed for the Student Union to take orders and money from students for the records, and to deliver the records to the Union where they may be called for. This service applies only to students, and passports will be required before orders will be taken.
Do you wont to go to the prom free ? Anyone ■with an idea can attend the affair, if the idea is good enough. The prom committee is offering a free bid to the^dance to the person making the best suggestion for prom decorations. Designs for the back drop, band fronts, and incidental decorations must be turned in to Virginia Royce in the Student Union office by Wednesday, March 2f0. All entries must’be accompaiped by actual drawings of the layout and an itemized cost list, with the amount availablje for decorations limited to one hundred dollars. The prom •will be held in both ballrooms with the major part of the decorations in the new addition.
“The Seven Last Words of Christ,” a religious <^tata by Theodore Dubois, will be presented in Fowler Hall Tuesday and Wednesday nights at 8 o’clock by the Concert and University Choirs und^ the direction of Albert P. Stewart, University director of music, who also has charge of the entire program. University Orchestra, conducted by Joseph M. Ragains, will accompany the choirs.
Home Eg Display Original Etchings, Art Reproductions
Junior Chems, Nets Begin industrial Tour
Co-ed Debate Team Meets NU Tomorrow
These six cadets are among the many young pilots being trained to operate the 5,500 airplanes which the air cops is scheduled to eceive by June, 1941.
Puttering Room Workers Will Hold Annual Exhibit
Original work done by students, staff and faculty members, and wives will be exhibited by the Puttering Room workers in the music room of the Union from tomorrow to March 25th. This is the second annual show of this type and work from the previou^^ear will not be eligible. Bob Parks, director of the workshop, is in charge of the exhibition.
University co-ed debate team will meet the Northwestern co-ed team tomorrow afternoon in the west faculty lounge of the Union. The proposition for the debate is: Resolved, That the Federal Housing Administration Program should not be renewed. At 3 o’clock a University team, composed of Faith Wayne and Eloise Guirl, will take the affirmative against Carol Kahler and Betty Lee Evans, of Northwestern. In the second debate of the afternoon, scheduled for 4:30 o’clock, the Northwestern team will take the affirmative. Ruby Vitzthum and Elsie Lyon debating. The University team ■will consist of Janet Morehouse and Charlotte Finney.
Ninety-six juniors in the schools of chemical and metallurgical engineering left the campus this morning at 7:46 for a ten day inspection tour of industrial plants in the East. Faculty members in charge will be C. L. Lovell, head supervisor, H. B. Knoll, R. B. Moors, and E. C. Miller. The purpose of the trip is to give the students some practical knowledge of the magnitude of modem chemical and metallurgical engineering industriail operations and methods. Some of the plants the chemical students will visit are Ashland Oil and Refining Company, Dupont Company, Davison Chemical Corporation, Colgate Palmolive Peet Company, and Eastman Kodak Company. The metallurgists will visit Pittsburgh Steel Company, Bethlehem Steel Company, and others. The trip will be made in a bus caravan.
Original etchings and reproductions of other works by contemporary American artists are now on display on the second floor at Home Economics Building number 2. Pictures in the exhibit are a part of the art collection begun by the applied design department 3 years ago. Miss Laurentza Schantz-Hansen, department head, was in charge of choosing and arranging the exhibit. Included in the display are etchings by Luigi Lucioni, “painter laureate” of Vermont. Several drypoint lithographs by Doris Lee and Albert Heckman, prominent members of American art society, are also being shown. Of special interest to students "will be the class bulletin board exhibit of designs in all-over embroidery patterns, sketched to illustrate tre appearance of these embroideries in spring and summer ensembles. A variety of sciibble drawings exemplifying the modern bizarre effect in costume design are also included in the display of student work.
Professor Siskind Will Speak Before Radio Club Tuesday
Union Will Sponsor Tea Dance Tuesday
Kappa
... was greeted as a “spectacular defeat for the Anglo-French diplomacy.” The treaty was termed a crushing blow to Allied attempts to draw smaller, neutral nations "into the war against Germany.
To the Students of the University: Purdue University students are asked not to visit students who are ill in the hospital unless granted permission at the Information Desk. The danger of the spread of contagion and the interference with the hospital routine make this request necessary. \ I am asking that any violation of this regulation be reported to my office. Edward C. ElUott, President.
... Kappa Gamma, social sorority, held initiation yesterday afternoon for the following: Annabelle Ball, Richmond; Dorothy Benson, Hammond; Erma Berry, Indianapolis; Betty Ann Carr, Indianapolis, Anne Custer, Lebanon; Martha Jane Pox, St. Augustine, Fla.; Betty Grahhm, Western Springs, 111.; Marguerite Hans, Berwyn, 111.; Julia Martin, Wolcott; Betty Meguiar, Marion; Betty Morris, Shelbyville; Virginia Schaupp, West Lafayette; Jane Van Gorkom, Chicago; Robert Walker, West Lafayette; Helen Jean Wickizer, Shelbyville. Following the initiation ceremony a formal dipner for the active chapter and alumnae guests was held in room 363 of the Union.
Prof. R. P. Siskind, of the electrical engineering school, will demonstrate frequency modulation, a process which is expected to revolutionize the radio broadcasting industry, Tuesday, March 19, at 7:30 p. m. at an open meeting of the Radio Club. Frequency modulation is the latest development of radio broadcasting and promises to be of more immediate value than television. It offers static free, and interference free reception of high tone quality. For his demonstration Prof. Siskind has recently purchased a large receiver capable of receiving this type of broadcast and has constructed miniature broadcasting stations to demonstrate the operation o^the system. These will be contrasted with the programs from ordinary stations.
Student union •will sponsor a tea dance Tuesday afternoon, March 19, in the new Union ballroom. Dancing ■will be from 4 to 5:30 to music furnished by recording over the public address system. These dances ■wall continue to be held on alternate Tuesdays for the remainder of the current semester.
Bridge Tourney Entry Blank Deadline Set
The deadline for the first entry blanks for the Union Championship Bridge Tournament is Wednesday, March 20.
Shure, An^ Saint Pat Had The Right Idea
... and possibly erroneous figures on fatalities in the Russo-Finnish war place casulaties at 666,000 for the three and a half months of war. Russian losses were 260,000 dead and 250,000 wounded. In contrast the Finns lost 30,000 dead and 36,000 wounded.
. . . Carol II is reported to have stopped a German plan to pledge Russia and Hungary to a longtermed guarantee of Rumanian frontiers in exchange for increasing exports into Germany. Carol granted one German concession—a member of the pro-Nazi Iron Guard was included in the Rumanian cabinet. Friday members of the Iron Guard, imprisoned in 1938, pledged allegiance to King Carol, joining the Rumanian Rebirth party.
By Maureen McGillicuddy ShUre, an ye don’t know what day’s day, ayre ye ? Than may gude saints presarve ye for yere ignorance, me child, fer t’ is none other than the day of Saint Patrick hisself. And here’s me shamrock to prove it. ’Tis mighty interestin’, that shamrock. Did ye know that when Saint Pat ferst came tur Ereland, sum of the heathen vnidn’t listen to him, so what duz he do but pick up the bit of shamrock growin’ there at his feet an’ ask why cudn’t there be a Feyther, Sun, and Holy Ghost up there in heaven joined together like them three leaves pn the bit of a stalk. Shure an’ that fixed them unbelievers ’n they sware by the Trinity ever efter thet. Hey shure cunvinced ’em. So now we wears thase sprigs on His day.
Wal, shure he was burn in Englung way back ’bout 373. ’S feyther’s name wer Calphurnius ’n he was a decuiion or sech—^t’ ain’t rightly sartin—anny how, reel friendly like wdth they Rumails. And t’were uh reel religious life has parents gav him, rite up to whan h’ wer aboot saxteen. Th’ Erelhnders Then sum marauders frum Erelund swooped do^wn and tuk the lad back hum with hum other praysuners. So he stayed thare fer ’bout sex yares. Pretty soon hey started gettin visions like. Mighty useful, thay waz too, fer thay shewed hum tha way to ascape. ’n he went back hum. Than after awhile he got sura moor "visons to ga back un preech to the poore heethin Erish. ’N pretty soon efter thet he did. He lands on the island ’n starts
right off in showin them thet wazn’t goin’ to haven the rite rode. Now down at the bottom uf the island there waz a speck uf land whare the Christians had cunverts, ’n everybudy thot old Pat wud stay. But d’ya guess wot? Wal, thet waz only tha beginnin’ fer Patrick. Shure ’n he got around, did the Patrick boy. Even Th’ King Even crossed up th’ high-king of the hole island too, ’n tho Logaire dudn’t sea the lite, his bruther fund th’ wisdom uf Patrick’s sayings. Sew, Pat got the royal favor an’ pertekshun ’n they bruther fav hin uhn estate so’s he’d found ’n support uh church. An’ hey dud it too. Wan uf th’ best things St. Pat did waz t’ strike th’ death blow t’ the Druids rite whan thay waz in there prime. Who? Them? Shure an’ thay waz th’ local entetftaynment —
The rendition of this sacred work marks the yearly observance of tiw Easter season by the University in co-operation with the Committee on ReligiouB Convocations. The cantata consists of an introduction followed by seven parts witb choruses and solos, and is compiled according to the Scripture which deals with the Crucifixion of Christ.
Solmsts Soloists for the occasion are Mary Johnston, Map^^p^ Williamson and Alberta Schmadel, sopranos; Elmer Carlquist, Marvin Smith, Harold Schlute, George B. Meginnis and Charles Powell, tenors; Donald Pyke and Robert B. Stanley, baritones; and Joseph Shepherd, bass. Rosemary Robinson, Lafayette, ■will be piano accompanist.
Grading School OpensTomorrgw For Grain Men
Five hundred elevator and grain men from the north central section of the state are expected to attend the eighth annual Grain Grading School to be held on the campus tomorrow and Tuesday. Prof. F. E. Robbins, of the agronomy department, is in charge of the convention. Emphasis -will be placed on the grading of soft and hard ■wheats and the detection of various damages, such as “sick” wheat, storage molds of com, and “green” damage to soybeans. The two day program will feature the demonstration of grading equipment and the methods followed in grading of wheat, oats, soybeans, and corn. All attendants will be
given opportunity to actually use the grading equipment on hand.
Greek Banquet FndsFratWedc
Any foui persons may enter the tournament as a team. Anyone interested may secure an entiy blank at the west desk of the Union. The blank must be returned to the west desk before Wednesday. Marge Seibert and Gene Brooks, vice-presidents of the Union, are in charge of the tournament. »
Officially terminating fraternityweek, the inter-fraternity president’s council will hold its annual banquet tonight in the north ballroom of the Union. Principal speaker on the evening’s program will be G. Herbert Smith, Dean of Men at DePauw University, ’o Dean Smith’s address will be “A Badge of Distinction.” He will be introduced by Prof. J. J. Smith, of the entomology department, toastmaster for the evening.
preests, religious teachers, astrologgers, magyeians — shure Mikes fer whatever yer waynted. They started thet thing ’bout men’s soles goin’t’ sumbudy else when he kicked off. Thot peopull’d fite better that way, I heerd. But Pat"maid em just buckle rite down. Shure’n He Was Shure he was a fine figger o/ a man. T’was he thut druve th’ snakes ’n toads frum Erelund. Nope, t’ weren’t uh gude thang tu bee his inimie eyther fer he’d bring the eternal darkness down on yer, sure as I’m standin’ here. ’N yed mudn’t bayleave sum of them miracles he done to them Druyids, so’s I won’t be a wastin’ me breath. But J wil tell yer this — efter hey waa ded, thar weren’t nary a shade of nite fer 12 hole days. Shure Mike, I wudn’t ful yer.
To Members of the Universify: Repeated complaints are coming to this office from students and members of the University staff on account of the annoyance and interruption of work caused by calls, sometimes by telephone, sometimes in person, from individuals mod organizations engaged in canvassing, peddling or soliciting of funds. These activities are in direct ■violation of the long-established rule of the Trustees that “no canvassing, peddling or soUciting shall be p^ mitted on the grounds or in the buildings of the University, without the written permission of the President of the University.” In order that proper steps may be taken to remedy this situation, your co-operation is asked by reporting promptly aU violations of this rule to the President’s Office, giving’iu each ease the name of the person and organization responsible. Tour immediate and helpful response to this request will be appreciated. Edward C. Elliott, PresideMt.f iifg,‘^Mi!*‘fH ffAlif''}. 7 5^ » Ct-Wj >,’iTE^fWWaW'jSfi- ^
/ft
n
i4
PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday, March 17, 1940^
Union Garret Reveals Myriad Of Dimly Lighted Catwalks Linking Mechanical Apparatus Centers
By N«d Odiiltrce and John Trangrott High Above the many halls and uncounted lounges of the new Memorial Union building, populated by individuals rang^ing from the sweet shop bar-flies to the ubiquitous activity workers, lies a labyrinth containing the myriad mechanisms that permit activity below to exist. Here is the machinery that does everything from raising the two ton ballroom partition to keeping the cafeteria’s onion vapors from seeping into the inner-sanctum of Mr. L. M. Vallely’s office. What A Wind Linked by an intricate network of catwalks and dimly lighted pas-sage-ways, are the various centers of action of the Union’s complicated ventilation system. Connected by metal air-ducts, which terminate at various places on the roof, are 20 giant fans, 13 of which are exhaust and seven supply. Attached to each of the supply blowers is a large housing containing heating and filter units. Smog saturated air sucked in by the fans is forced through an oil-curtain filter and then passed over two sets of steam heated coils, regulated by a thermostatic control in the rooms below. A maximum of 35,000 cubic feet of air per minute is pumped to a
group of rooms below from the largest of the ^ven fans. Others range down to 15,000 subic feet per minute capacity. Union officials hope to cool the building (in a yet undetermined manner) this summer by use of the supply fans and some cooling units, location as yet unknown. ’ll The 13 exhaust ducts afford a perfect shelter for anyone strolling on top of the Union roof during a rainy day, according to Bill Glenny, assistant to Vallely. Bill states that there are a variety of odors from which one may choose. Up And Down Above the ventilating system in a small appendage attached to the
roof are the controls for raising and lowering the massive door between the north and soqth ballrooms. When the door is down the entire system appears from the roof very much like an earthquake fissure surmoimted by an electric motor. The three horse power ffiotor, which is helped along considerably by a system of counterweights which hang ' clear to the Union basement, requires 35 seconds to raise the door. Finally we might mention the large, intricate switchboard outside the kitchen off the Chestnut Room where one needs onljf'to know which switch to flip in order to do anjrthing from frying a steak to burning a piece of toast.
WSGA, YWCA, WAA Nominees To Attend WRH Dinner Tuesday
Co-eds Only
By Maeta Kaplan Ho, hum. Yawn! Wasn’t Cotillion fun? And didn’t everybody look nice? Pastel colors were predominating, with pinks and rose shades as the favorites. And by the way there’s a new comer on the evening horizon, blue in ^11 shades has come into popularity. Did you notice Mollie Harding’s white chiffon with a dark blue lace top ? Very fetching it was. TyiHcal sophomore co-ed Ginny Diehl chose soft pink chiffon with a rhinestdne trim, while our Michigan co-ed guest wore blue chiffon. It would seem as though chiffons and nets were out ahead for formal wear with silk jersey coming up in the background. Alice Martens looked tall and regal in white silk jersey with a turban to match. And didn’t yo ulike the way Pinky Tomlin looked in his Skull and Crescent pot; didn’t you like the way the eyes of the skull on the backdrop blinked; so on ad infinitum — —c-o— Sure, and it’s Saint Patrick’s Day and time for the wearing o’ the green. Surb We’re anxious for the campus to begin the wearing of the spring green grass and leaves. What with spring vacation only five days off, it doesn’t seem right o have to face Old Man Winer’s chilly bias and awaken in he morning to find a thin sprinkling of snow on the ground. Mr. Weatherman we demand a recount! How can a poor coed look forward to Easter and spring clothes to wear in the parade when fur coats are still in order. It never seems the same somehow to have to top a new spring print with winter coat a sit does to slip into a trim spring coat and head for church. So cross your fingers, all you co-eds, and pray for warm weather for Easter. Now that Hell—oops pardon me, I mean Courtesy Week is over, the pledges can go back to normal hair styles and ankle sox. You’ll find lots of the ex-pledges sporting brand new sorority pins, too. Congratulations, girls! ’Tis spring. The bird is on the wing, My, word, absurd. The wing is on the bird. * —c-o— Whenever such doggeral bits of verse make their appearance, it’s a sign that spring really is in the air. As soon as we see the fence in front Oil Smith Hall lined with students eating ice cream, we’ll be positively sore that spring really is here. —c-o— With lovely weather in the offing, we co-eds ought to shake off the winter lethargy and try taking a few long walks out into the country. After aU it is about time for Happy Hollow to become rehabilitated. But remember girls, look before you Leap Year!
Women’s Residence Halls will give a dinner Tuesday evening, March 19, honoring nominees for offices in WAA. WSGA, and YWCA. Presentation of these candidates will be made at a meeting in the recreation room of North Hall immediately following dinner. Candidates for WAA positions are the following: president, Jane Fishleigh, Eileen Westover; vicepresident, Eleanor Harrison, Opal Blagrave; secretary, Katharine Ade, Mary Louise Laswell; treasurer, Marjorie Ward, Mary Pidgeon. Application blanks may be obtained from the WAA office for those wishing to run for a position on the council. WSGA nominees are president, Jane Black, Joyce Burnham, Paula
Zwierlein; treasurer, Mary Ellen Scarff; secretary, Mary Jean Hutchinson, Agmes McCullough; junior representative, Mary Ann Carpenter, Mary Jane Bird; sophomore representative, Helen Schickler, Florence Croll. Candidates for positions on the YWCA board are president, Ruth Bryant, Thelma Bugher; treasurer, Jane Julin, Jane Bline; secretary, Kathryn Long, Bonnie Swope. The elections will be held Wednesday, March 20, from 8 a. m. to 5 p. m. in the great hall of the Union. Only members of WAA and YWCA may participate in their respective elections, while any co-ed upon presentation of her passport may vote for WSGA officers.
£jthsiJL £jditL. By Hank MiUer The telephone company men working on the new Union switch board certainly are ambitious. The other day they were disconnecting the old switch board, they kept right on disconnecting and unhooked the WBAA broadcasting lines here in the Union. Hence, when it came time for the 4:15 p. m. Sweet Shop interview program on Wednesday, the remote control engineer thought the engineer in the control room was asleep and vice versa. There we sat waiting to go on the air until about 4:25 p. m. when it occurred to us that maybe something was wrong, instead of someone being asleep. There was!
William Ray, manager of NBC’s press bureau for the central division, was on the campus Thursday night and spoke to the Purdue Radio Guild about commercial radio.
Professor Quiz has received the following question about 46,410 times in the last three years (that sounds like an awful lot). “Brothers and sisters have I none, but that man’s father is my father’s son. Who is that man?” So the Professor has prepared this simple chart, which he hopes will make the answer clear . . . For all people, for all times—and for the love of Mike: (a) My Father (b) That man’s father (c) That man
Personnd Notes
Complete bulletins with the companies listed below, are posted on the bulletin boards of the schools from which interviewees will be chosen. Those interested should read these bulletins and company literature available, then sign up for cons^ideration on the proper list in the BUkia office of their school.
COMPANY: The Parker Appliance Company, Cleveland, Ohio. CORRESPONDENT: Mr. A. L. Parker is interested in considering mechanical, chemical, and metallurgical engineering and science seniors majoring in chemistry for employment. * The company manufactures precision metal products for the aircraft industry. Those interested should read the bulletins posted in the schools listed and sign up for consideration.
"You've got class, baby . .. or is it be> cause I have not seen many dames lately?'
Now Playing
— BtTRA — PETE SMITH SPECIALTY
Phi Kappa Tau . . . social fraternity announces the following officers: president, Stanley Grand-Gir^ird; vice-presi-dent, Jack Miller; secretary, Nevin Raber; house manager, Daniel F. Forbes; steward, Tpm Melton; ser-geant-at-arms, John Deal, athletic chairman, Raul Zimmerman; social
Classified Ads
FOR SALE FOR SAUB—Typewritwn. AU makes, standard and portable, sold, pnrehased, Mited and rqtalred. New portable maohines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebersheff, 606 Main streeL
Notices
Na natieas will be aMSOtad altar • p. a. Freshmen Distinguished Students: Yon may obtain your 80 dollar refund from the cashier’s office. —STONE. Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, March 19, in room 264 of the EE Building at 7 :S0 p. m. —PITCHER.
ME SI Conditions: Examination wiU be held in room 801 of the ME building on Saturday, April 6 at 1 p. m. AU who intend to take this make-up should notify the undersigned before 12 noon Saturday, March 28. —MESSBRSMITH.
Penalty Dates: During the present semester there will be two penalty dates. From noon March 22 to noon March 28 and April 1. These dates represent the 24 hour period before and after spring recess. Absence from a regular meeting of any class during these periods will result in a fine of $5 for each 24 hour period or fraction thereof missed. —FISHER
Gimlet: Very important meeting at SPE house Tuesday, March 19. Selection of pledges will be discussed All members must be present —^FRAZEE
To Lutheran Students: A meeting of the Lutheran Students Association will be held in room 307 of the Union at 7:1B p. m., Monday, March 18 Members are especially requested to be present —HALL.
COMPANY: The Hamilton Watch Company, Lancaster, Pennsylvania. CORRESPONDENT: Mr. R. C. Hall, Personnel Supervisor, is interested in employing two Mechanical Engineering graduates for a nine months intensive training in methods of watch manufacture. Following the course, these men will be placed either in the Research Engineering Division or the Machine Experimental Section. Those interested should sign up in Professor Young’s office.
That Man’s Father (b) is father to That Man (c). That Man’s Father (b) is My Father’s (a) son. Therefore (a) is (c)’s grandfather. Since there are no brothers and sisters (given) then (b) cannot be (c)’s uncle. Therefore (b) must be (c)’s son. Therefore the answer is “my son.” Get it? —e-e— 73 for today and pleasant listening.
Sweetheart’s Cast: Sunday night rehearsal of entire cast changed to Monday at 4 p. m —STEWART
LIMA
-TODAY - MONDAY-
6RIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichfy
student Washing'—Special Price. Call for and deliver. Work guaranteed. Phone 7468.
FOR RENT Russ—Rent-A-Cai- Service. Can lor all occariona. Hln. $2.60 all nlidi*. Phone 71644.
LOST AND FOUND Found—Parkette Pen. Grant street near CE building. Owner claim. 246 Wood.
—BACHARACH. University Orchestra: Rehearsals with the choir for members of the orchestra for "Seven Last Words” are scheduled as follows : Monday afternoon, March 18, at 4:00. —RAGANS.
Episcopal Students: Seabury club will meet in room 807 of the Union, Sunday night, March 17, at 6:46 p. m Prof. 0, J. Zufall of the pharmacy school will talk on “Marihuana ” —LYLES.
PIA Board: Meeting Monday, March 18, in the PIA office, at 7:1B p. m. It is imperative that all members attend to receive final convention instructions ’ —MYBR Delta Rho Kappa: Meeting Wednesday, March 20, at 7 :46 p m in room 263 of the Union Two speakers. Please come. —ESTEY. *
Senior Tactics: Albert Smith Award problem advance sheet now in your box at the Armory. Plot this sitation on the map before your next class hour (3-18) —THOMPSON Reamer Club: Regular meeting Monday, March 18, 8 p m in room 803, Pledges report at 8 :80 —REILEY Purdue Aero-Modelers: There will be a glider contest Sunday, March 17, at 1 p m. in the fieldhouse —ARNOLD.
‘Why not $800 deduction—didn’t the doc said the kid had a dual personality?”
Ceres: Regular meeting on Tuesday night, March 19, at 7 p. m., in the Old Agriculturist office. Union building. There will be a speaker. —BRUNK.
of officers will be held. All members are urged to be present —KNIPP.
Scabbard and Blade: Important official meeting Tuesday, March 19. Corps area inspector to be there. —OLSON.
Exponent Seniors: Dinner meeting Monday, March 18, 6 p. m, at Sigma Nu house. —mSLEY.
Scrivener: Meeting Sunday, March 17, in room 303 of the Union Bring manuscripts. —MUNRO
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Short but important meeting Tuesday, March 19, at 7 p. m. in room 106 of the Chemistry building. Please be prompt. —HALL.
WAA: Those who are taking part in the fencing tournament meet in the women’s gym Monday, March 18, at 4 p. m —STICKLER.
Christian Science Organization: Important business meeting will follow the regular meeting ’Tuesday, March 19, at 7:80 p. m, in room 303 of the Union. Election
Scabbard and Blade: Official meeting Tuesday, March 19, 7 '30 p m., in room 323 m the Union. Members will please wear formal uniform as the corps area inspection officer will be there —OLSON
Starts TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
RAPID-FIRE FUN AND FOOUSHNESSl A baadacbe ona Mints... a haartaeha ttie aext... Wedded bHsa-tari! mrnaM
PLUS-
• BACK FROM THE GRAVE HE CAME . . . . HE LIVES TO KILL . . . AND KILLS TO LIVE!
WAYNE MORRIS • ROSEMARY LANE • HUMPHREY BOGART • DENNIS MORGAN * John LItel • Lyn Lyo
noses Ane neor vmm Ane oiuef sHAMnocKs Ane ^oniNt ...ANOSO WILL
uffiffiisni%
Sunday/ Morch 17, 1940
f £xfiomnt fiaqa
First Scrimmage Of Season Held In Mud At Old Stuart Field Purdue's spring football squad held its ipitial scrimmage of the current rain and shine season yesterday afternoon, and if the lads’ own mothers had been on hand they wouldn’t have been able to recognize their pwn sons after the first two plays had been run, because the boys were covered with terra firma—all-over, and over all. fust Offense Line A make-shift line composed of Jim Rush and Bill Combs were playing end, with Jim Miller and John Brown playing guard. Bill Neff and Karklin were working on a pair of ends and gpai^ds in the opposition, while a sophomore, Begarri, took the first heaves with the leather from center. ^ _ Tough Pefense Behind this fair line a mediocre backfield was trying to go through veterans like Tex Axton, John Petty, John Calvin, and Italo Rossi. Therefore the battle of such a practice session was played in one spot on the field, about the only headway having been made was by mud that was tossed around with fiying, churning cleats. Buff Finds Holes A freshmen fullback, Buffington, from the undefeated ranks of Peru high school, turned in a fair exhibition of running between the guards and tackles and at center, gaining most of the little yardage gained during the mud-slushing contest. Today the scrimmage sessions will be continued, with the Boilermaker coaches using many deversifyed combinations in an effort to place a couple of functioning outfits on the blackboard sessions this
Tea Dancers . . . heard their favorite numbers yesterday afternoon at the all-re-quest tea dance given by the PIA. Approximately one hundred and fifty couples attended the dance which took place in the south ballroom of the Memorial Union from 3 to 5 o’clock. , Jl
Butler Relays Won By Michigan Squad; lU Finises Second By Bob Swaim Winning the Big Ten track championship last week only excited the Wolverines’ greed for laurels, for last night the Michigan cinder squad carried away the university championship in the annual Butler relays. It was the seventh consecutive year that the Wolverines have dominated the Bulldog meet. Pollowipg closely behind, the Indiana squad tallied 84 points, three less than the winners. Pittsburgh and Ohio State finished third and fourth, respectively, while the Boilermakers ended in eighth place. Ui^til the Wolverines \forged ahead by Virtue of their victory in the final fevent, prospects v?ere brightest for the Cream and Crimson squad, which had maintained its lead throughout most of the meet. Killer Kane Individual honors, of the relays must be handed to Campbell Kane, Indiana’s sophomore miler, who anchored the Hoosier medley relay team to a new-indoor record, besides performing flawlessly in his other specialties. Other new marks were authored by Ed Smith, the Badgers’ negro star, who equalled the world 60 yard high Ijiurdle record with a time of 7.4 seconds, and the Michigan Normal two-mile relay team which clipped the existing world record. For the Boilermakers, Edwards tied for fourth place in the pole vault; Dave Rankin finished second to Indiana’s Cochrane in the 60 yard low hurdles, and fourth in the high hurdle event, the race in which the Badger negro tied the world mark. Butler Outpoints Colleges Butler, the host team, stole its own show in the college division by piling up a comfortable margin of victory against the smaller schools. The Bulldogs scored 32 points, compared with the runner-up total of 20 points for Michigan Normal.
On the basis of new research. Harvard University geologists estimate that civilization on the North American continent is 25,000 years old.
If you're out to aid-and-abet a young hian's fancy—choose Claussners! In their newest shades—their sheer beauty is enticing as' an Easter Egg ... as subtle as spring scents.
$|.00
WEAR-SEALED
XlAtHu-firud:
*|.15.
pair
i iMl
Riveter Sports \ Squads Merit NationalFame By Stewart Marquis 'Boilermaker sports teams may lose, but it’s the* exception rather than the rule. Throughout the last two decades Riveter athletes have built up a winning reputation all over the country and especially in the Western Conference. Riveter teams are definitely the most consistently fine performers in the history of the Big Ten. Records on Boilermaker competition m football give the first evidence of Riveter superiority in athletic endeavors. Seldom does a Boilermaker grid team finish in the red on its season’s schedule. Riveter entries lead the Big Ten pack over the last ten years on a basis of games won and lost. Each year the gridders finish close to the top in Western Conference competition. Consistent Winners It’s common knowledge to any Hoosier that Boilermaker basketball team's have finished at the top of the Big Ten ladder 12 times in the last 23 ye^s. But it is also important to note the fact that during that period the netters finished out of the first division in the final standings only once. It’s a bad year for Riveter basketball when Lambert’s sharpshooters lose more than one-fourth of their scheduled games. Boilermaker baseball teams have not displayed sucjji a definite superiority in the conference, but it is a well-known fact that each year the Riveter squad is pointed out as a leading contender for top honors and each year places among fhe high-ranking teams. ' Tenth Anniversary Exactly ten years ago Boilermaker teams reached the ultimate in athletic competition, winning bett^ than 55 out of 90 total contests. Coach Jimmy Phelan’s gridders set the pace with a perfect season, winning all of the eight games on their schedule. Pest Welch and Red Sleight were named on numerous All-American teams. Glen Harmeson was seleqted for the All-Confer-ence squad. The grid team brought the Boilermakers national recognition as they vied with one of Knute Rockne’s great teams for the mythical national championship.
Third Swimming Pittsburgh Pirates Will Face Pool Conference Boilermakers Here Next Month
To Open Tuesday
Technical and promotional questions will be studied at the third annual conference on operation and maintenance of swimming pools which will open here Tuesday. The morning program will include the legal aspects of swimming pool operation, the medical viewpoints, safety education and the control of athlete’s foot. Systems of teaching swimming in high schools and colleges will be outlined by instructors in both types of institutions. In the afternoon, promotional methods will be studied. Dick Papenguth, University coach, will describe methods of conducting swimming Campaigns and mass instruction. Publicity for swimming pools will be illustrated by motion pictures. The day’s program will close with a demonstration in the university pool. .
Piggy Lambert’s basketball team gained the second championship of the year as it swept thru the entire season with but two losses and won all ten conference games. Johnny Wooden and Stretch Murphy led the Boilermaker netters to national ranking in basketball honors. / Martin Wins Honors Individual rather than team honors were the Boilermakers claim to recognition in track in 1930. Orval Martin, later coach of the Riveter track teams, ran the distance events in near perfect form as he won eight championships in six meets. He bolstered this record by winning the individual cross country crown. Martin was chosen on an AllAmerican track team as the best representative of this country in the two mile run for the year 1930. The Boilermaker pistol team, which has not lost more than one match during each of the past few years, was also one of the leading performers ten years ago. The Riveter marksmen lost only three matches while winning eight.
Receipts from a basketball game between a William and Mary honor fraternity and a faculty quintet will be turned over to the Finnish Relief fund. *
IM Schedules m The Military battery basketball championship will be decided tomorrow night when A2 and A4 meet in the Fieldhouse at 7 o’clock. At 7:30 Chauncey and Marwood will clash for the co-op title. At 4 on Monday the following badminton teams are scheduled to play: Alpha Kappa Lambda, Delta Tau Delta, Lambda Chi Alpha, Theta Chi, Sigma Phi Epsilon, Delta Chi, Phi Kappa Tau, Phi Kappa, Alpha Tau Omega, Phi Kappa Sigma. Frat Volleyball The fraternity volleyball tournament will start on Tuesday at 7 o’clock in the Fieldhouse with the following teams scheduled to play: Phi Kappa Tau, Alpha Chi Rho, Phi Sigma Kappa, Alpha Gamma Rho, Pi Kappa Alpha, Alpha Kappa Lambda, Pi Kappa Phi, Alpha Sigma, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Alpha Tau Omego, Sigma Alpha Mu, Beta Sigma Psi, Beta Theta Pi, SigmaNu, Delta Chi, Sigma Phi Epsilon, Delta Tau Delta, Sigma Pi. The remaining houses will play their Arts matches on Wednesday. Four High School
I
Net Teams Remain At Anderson Lapel, 34; Rushville, 33. North Vernon, 34; Crawfordsville, 31. Lapel, 42; North Vernon, 25 (final). At Logansport Hammond Tech, 33; Riley (South Bend), 23. Logansport, 31; Lafayette, 30. Hammond Tech, 39; Logansport, 33 (final). At Muncie South Side (Fort Wayne), 45; Garrett, 34. Newcastle, 40; Kokomo, 38. South Side (Fort Wayne), 39; Newcastle, 37 (final). At Vincennes Mitchell, 47; Lynnville, 27. Washington, 32; Bloomington, 30. Mitchell, 20; Washington, 19 (final.
Worn Shoes Will Sing!
As they step to The Easter Swing If heels are straight and soles are new. And leather shines as it nsed to do. American’s shop will do jnst that for YOU.
Men’s Half Soles 69c & $1.00 Rubber Heels 29c & 40c Ladies’ Half Soles 59c & 75c Rubber Heels ..35c Heel-Lifts 25c
Phone 30S5
eat The Price Rise
You’ll Thank Us For This Suggestion As time draws near for the Debris price deadline—we know you'll appreciate this little reminder.
On March 20th the Price Changes from $4.50 to $5.00
0e&jdsL.
(^mpMiL ^ampuA.
im
Ross-Ade will be the scene of one of the most colorful baseball encounters in Boilermaker history when the Pittsburgh Pirates come here on April 12 for an exhibition game with the current rqpiresentatives of the gold and black on the diamond. The meeting of National League and Big Ten wafi planned last year, but suffered an inglorious end when rain converted the field into a lake and caused the game to be cancelled. The game will serve to loosen up the big leaguers for their opening National circiiit battle, while the Gold and Black team wiU have just opened their Conference battles with games on two successive days, April 10 and 11, against last year’s Conference champions, from the University of Iowa. West Wall The left field wall is, in all probability, set for an aWnl beating when the Waner boys step up to the plate. Both Paul and Lloyd have been swatting them out for the Pittsburgh club for the past thirteen years, and constitute a dangerous outfield combination, in one of baseball’s most famous brdther acts. Like Paul, Lloyd has never been with any other major league outfit but the Pirates. A .321^ garnered over a period of thirteen pennant races, is his grand batting average, having made 28 home runs, stolen 63 bases, and knocked in 570 runs, although batting in the lead-off spot most of the time. Spud Davis will, probably, be behind the plate for Pittsburgh. Purchased by the Frisch last fall in hopes that the hard hitting sixfooter might provide much needed punch at the plate, Davis promises to shine in the Smoky City lineup this season. A big league veteran, Davis has played in 1,225 National league games in 14 years of competition, making a total of 1,156 hits and knocking in 582 runs. Chuck Klein Perrenial favorite, and still a dangerous hittea- in any ball game. Boilermaker pitchers are going to be facing Chuck Klein, first class swatter, wl^o has led the National league three /times in hitting. Furthermore, Chuck has been number one home run swatter of the Nationals four times, and twice has hit more doubles than anyone in the league. Only 14 more hits will see him at the 2,000 mark, and those Boilermakers present might have the opportunity to see some of those long, long ones that Chuck Klein has been associated with for the past umpteen big league ball seasons. Rain, and a baseball diamond changed into a sea of mud, were just a little too much for last year’s scheduled battle against the Pittsburgh nine, but if the law of averages means anything, the Smoky dity contingent will be giving Boilermaker ball fans some National League baseball, right in their own proverbial back yard, come April
12.
Cosmo Club Hears Rabner Discuss Music Cosmopolitan Club held its regular weekly meeting at 4:30 o’clock yesterday afternoon in the west faculty lounge of the Union. Wolfgang Rabner, accompanist for Robert Virovai, spoke before the club on the general topic of jazz and symphonic music in our lives. He mentioned that some jazz music has better musical content than some of the poorer symphonic type music. He spoke of an incident where Johannes Brahms was seen at a gathering in which music equivalent to our jazz of today was being played. Glenn Miller Brahms listened intently for over an hour and walked out dazed by its power. Rabner believes that such men as Paul Whiteman and Guy Lombardo are not a fad as many our present popular musicians today are, but are definitely established in their field of music. He also tdd how at certain times he enjoys listening to such orchestras as Glenn Miller. It is not the person but the occasion which decides whether jazx or serious mvusic is the better Rabner said.PURDUE EXPONENT
Sundctyf March 17, 194Q
Purdue Exponent
K. K. luhv . ■ W. B. Smith BiuiaiiM Maitaxw D. 6. Terrio, editorial director; O. W. Frad«rick, ■»»»> acinr editor; E. M. Antonini, eenior adrertiainB bu»aser; G. Schilling, co-ed editor; B. Jcnklna, aporta editor. Phones: Editorial 4005;. Business 5038; ’' Sports 2792 Bntaiod as acaoad aiaia uiattor at tike peat eflioe In Lafayette, ladiaos, andar the aet of .Ceaxrckk af Marak B 1879, and at ^ apeoial rata of poataeo prerUod (oar ta aoetioii 1108, aet of Oetober 8, 1817, anthortood XaMmiy 1938. Pnbliahcd daOr erzeept llot^r dsorla# tka levoktr aeadeBi|c year aad wedcly darias tho SozaBBor Beaaton' DeUrered locally hy carrier for $8.88 por year, aaall aakaeriptioB 88.88. .. Represented for national adyertisins by National AdrertisinE Senrioe, Ine., CoUese PabUskOra Kepreaeatatiyea, 480 Madison Aye.. New York, N. Y. AU unsiEned editorials are written by tka editorial di^ rector. Night Editor, WHIsey Issue Editor, Parks Day Editor, Simpson Sunday, March 17, 1940.
But
He's A Shat
’ Sure, he’s a BMOC. He swings the hardest paddle out at our house. , He probably doesn’t do much scholastically, and he isn’t in any outside activities, but he swings the hardest paddle. ^ He’ll be practicing a lot, too, during the next few weeks, and then he can make his boast and rest on his laurels—he swings the hardest paddle in the hoii^. He’s small and rarely goes out to associate with the others^ but he surely can swing that/ paddle. When he finishes his four years of college, and his proud parents survey him in his graduation cap and gown, let’it bie known to them his greatest achievement—^his ability to swing the paddle on pledges. And after graduation, when he tends hi^ filling station or when he’s at work with the'ditch digging gang, let his fellow workers know that he swung the hardest paddle in his house during college days. ' —^Michigan State News.
By Romanoff We woke up in History 130 the other day to the startling realism that we were missing something ... in fact many things. Two seats to om’ right was a man perusing the Trib ... too far away to see how Dick Tracy was doing . . . darn it. In front of us was a Gold Pepper trying to pawn off some antiquated dance,tickets at a reduced price ... Between sentences of the lecture the click of knitting needles was deafening. Slide rules. Readers’ Digests, love, and other things were also plainly visible. So, to keep from going mad with distraction we listened to the lecture.
In our mail last week (average of one letter per month) we found a perspiration-blotched epistle from a student bogged down in the old electrical misconception that current in a Circuit flows from plus to minus . . . . . or is it minus to plus ... ... anyway his quavering pen scribbled the following message: ‘ ^ Dear Romanoff: Frankly, I’m worried. My physics book says — “In an external circuit, electrons flow from minus to plus.” Well, all right. I read a little further. My physics book then skys —- “A current is a flow of electrons.” Well, all right. My physics book then says, “A current flow goes from plus to minus—.” Whoa! If a current is a flow of electrons, then a current flow must be a flow flow of electrons or a flow of squared electrons, for we have: flow of electrons equals current ... multiplying by “flow” we have: flow squared of electrons equals current flow . . . But if a flow of electrons goes from minus to plus, how can a flow Squared of electrons go from plus to minus?? Frankly, I’m worried. Would you please endeavor to help me out? Sincerely, Shocked. We’ve checked very carefully with Doc Miller and no one answering this description has applied to him for treatment.. . ... can t understand it. Maybe the fourth dimension figures in here somewhere.
Spring is in the air again—^for how long, no one knows. Garl Bimel strolls around the campus with that starry look in his eyes. Mary Fischer reports her heart is acting very peculiarly ... I’m in a daze whatta life! —b&B— . . . a beautiful night for the Cotillion. Everybody had a grand time, even the imports. By the way, the imports were pretty sexy this time. It seems that the fellows are bringing the cute ones around here now, since the big stink we had out here about them during the Military Ball. —B&B-^ Playshop’s Dianne, Juanita Sebum, is very a remarkable girl, i. e. She doesn’t joe at all! Usually the semi - notables make themselves known around the Unioil by practically living in it and pompously absorbing all attention. Pretty and talented Juanita stays away, the reason probably being a boyfriend back home. —B & B— BONER! , It looks like the battle between the North and South still lives on: Dave Moody (Tennessee boy): Say Milt, do you have the words to “Marching through Georgia?”.. I have to sing that darn song through Hell Week. Milton Gregory (Irv Maury’s pianist) : I don’t believe we have that piece in our library. It’s sorta new, isn’t it? —B&B— A Recipe for a kiss: Take a corner of a dark room and add a little moonshine. Put in two people, one male and one female. Press one small hand in two strong
Saint Patrick . . . was the inspiration for the Union mixer held last night in the south Union ballroom. The theme was displayed by green shamrocks on white backgrounds which were placed on the backdrop and bandfronts. Approximately 125 couples enjoyed dancing to the music of Don Phillips and his Seymour orchestra. Mortar Board ... activity and scholastic honorary for sertior women, will honor distinguished sophomore and junior co-ed students at a Smarty Supper, this evening at 5:30 p. m. The speaker will be Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, professor of management of the University.
Don't Worry Chum! If you get splashed by accident curse the ''splasher'' if you must, be thankful of one thing. You can have your suit or coat cleaned in a jiffy. , The lowest' price that quality permits.
mu
Northwestern at Vine
Phone 4081
u.
S. Govt. Graded Beef
FRESH
(^jcvdofL Qu
Ia. meats
Compare your present conned good prices
with our summer purchased
BIRDSEYE prices on the following Fruits and Vegetables
PEAS ASPARAGUS CORN LIMA BEANS
BROCCOLI CAULIFLOWER SPINACH SQUASH
PEACHES STRAWBERRIES BLUEBERRIES raspberries
FROZEN / ■
BIRDSEYE
VEGETABLES
LAFAYE1 5355
FTE FOOD - PHONES ■ lif . '
LOCKERS - 2971
(SRIN AND BfAR IT
Byiiiiity
it
4?:'
“We can’t afford dog food—Browser can eat what we eat!”
ones, add an ounce of romance, a hesitation, plus two ounces of yieldquart o f sighs, and a bushel of fOol- ing and one inviting smile; ishness. Dissolve a dozen idiotic Place the kiss on a fresh cheek glances from two goo-goo-eyes, or two ruby lips and serve every two Dust in a small quantity of assumed seconds. (Whew!)
the Purdue Exponent Service 1 Directory
• School Supplies
• Professional
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
• Florists
• Hardware
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354
• Dairy Products
• Locksmith
M. E. MORIHOUSE DAIRY ' QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
KEYS & LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
SPONSORED BY
J/uL- dmsJucML 3[jtqiDfL
dwcilicUuj^
APRIL5th
Lafayette Armory
Tickets May Be Purchased At
/Deacs
West Desk of Union
DANCING 9 to 1
9th & Union