the j. ^ ^ g Exponent
VOLUME FORTY-NINE
Lafayette^ Indiana, Sunday, September 19, 1937
NUMBER SIX
The Week’s NEWS
Washington The white hood of Ku Klux Klan floated over Washington last week as opponents of newly appointed Supreme Court Justice Hugo Black accused him of life membership in the night riders. Determined to make the Elan’s notorious hood and sheet a white shroud for Black, the press and his opponents clamored for either admission or denial of the accusation. Friends as well as enemies admitted Justice Black should resign from the Supreme Court bench if a Elansman. Senators who endorsed his appointment declared their vote would have opposed Black had the alleged Elan membership been knowjn. Least frightened by this bugaboo was Hugo Black, vacationing in London. He remained tight-lipped before a barrage pf cables, telephone calls and questions. In Washington, advisors to President Roosevelt took fright, advised Justice Black be asked for his resignation from the Court Bench. Mr. Roosevelt professed ignorance of the affair, told the press: “I know only what I have read in the newspapers. I note that stories (about Justice Black) are running serially, and their publication is not complete. . . .” National t Last week scientists made at least a partially successful attempt to travel back 35,000 years into history on an “island in the sky”—Shiva’s in Grand Canyon, Arizona. Monday they were winging across Temple, a towering, isolated plateaix the Canyon; Tuesday found them beginning the gruelling climb up the mile-and-a-half high cliffs; smoke signals Thursday afternoon proclaimed man’s first conquest of the Temple. Near collapse from exhaustion, Edwin W. McEee, Canyon National Park chief naturalist, lowered himself down the sheer wall Friday with the first eye witness reports of life atop the plateau. He reported animal life — chipmunks, rabbits, coyotes, deer, mice.
Candidate on both Republican and Democratic tickets in New York City’s hectic mayoralty primaries, Tammany Hall’s Senator Royal S. Copeland received crushing double • defeat in Thursday’s ballottmg. Choices of over a million voters were Mayor Fiorella LaGuardia, head of anti-Tammany fusion movement, friend of new deal, who won Republican nomination by more than 30,000 votes; and Jeremiah Mahoney, Farley and New Deal favorite, who copped the Democratic candidacy. Foreign With the repercussions from the sinking of an unidentified pirate submarine off Spain’s coast Sunday still ringing in their ears, envoys from England, France, Russia, Rumania, Turkey, Egypt, Bulgaria, Yugoslavia, and Greece signed a nine-power pact at Nyon, Switzerland, Tuesday. Despite bitter protest from Italy, who refused to join the parley, England and France dispatched the strongest naval ,and air armadas mustered since the World War into the Mediterranean. Thursday morning 150 warships powerfully reinfprced by 60 swift French and English planes and six torpedo boats began to patrol the Spanish coast and surrounding -v^aters. A campaign against aggressive planes and warships was initiated Friday by the patrolers as a French destroyer stopped a Spanish insurgent cruiser approaching two French cargo boats.
Rumors emanating from London early Friday morning that the amiCharle's Augustus Lindbergh, faContinued on Page 4
Advantages Of College Activities Will Be Discussed By Walters At Exponent Smoker Charts showing the more rapid advancement in later life of those who have participated in college activities will be used by Dr. J. E. Walters, director of engineering personnel at the University and nationally known authority on personnel work, to illustrate his talk on college activities this afternoon at 2:30
in the ballroom of the Memorial
Basic Military Students Not Required To Attend Corps Day Next Tuesday Basic students will not be required to report for the coming corps day Tuesday, according to an announcement made yesterday by the military department. As some of the batteries have not been formed, the first regular corps day of the year will be delayed until Thursday. This will affect the members of the third and fourth regiments only, as the first and second regiments are scheduled to form on Thursday. Thursday at 11 o’clock the student brigade commander. Colonel P. W. C. Musham, with part of his staff, which has been divided in order to take care of both corps days, will make his initial debut as head of the Purdue corps, officiating at the forming of the first and second regiments. The University’s military band will be present, at least in part, as this semester’s corps days get under way. All advanced studentsi, are required to report as usual at 11 o'clock Tuesday, September 21. 35 Attend First WAA Leadership Course The W. A. A. cabin leadership course began yesterday at the cabin, with 35 girls in attendance. Girls who walked both to and from the cabin will receive hiking credit toward WAA awards. Other visits will be made to the cabin at later dates and a final test will be given over the work. When hiking to the cabin, groups must be accompanied by two B leaders or one A leader. Rating of an “A” or “B” leader is based upon the test.
i
Road School Proceedings Published As A Bulletin Proceedings of the twenty-third annual road school held at the University last January havg been published as one of the regular quarterly engineering bulletins. The papers contain copies of papers and addresses presented at the road school, which attracted 760 highway-inter-ested people. Professor Ben Petty, head of the department of highway engineering in the school of civil engineering, acted as editor for the publication.
Union Building at the annual Exponent smoker. “This one should interest them,” Director Walters stated yesterday when reviewing his talk, referring to one chart that showed the greater advantage obtained from college journalistic work than from other activities. Offering University freshmen their only regular opportunity to participate in Exponent work, this afternoon’s smoker will be honored by the attendance of Dr. J. H. McEee, professor of English at the University and instructor in jPurnalistic subjects, T. R. Johnston, director of the University bureau of information, and W. A. Bodden, assistant controller and chief accountant of the University as well as the
On the occasion of the sixtieth anniversary banquet of the Columbia Spectator last spring. President Franklin D. Roosevelt, who was formerly editor of the Harvard Crimson, wrote: I look back upon my own participation in college journalism with the keenest delight. It is a feature of campus activity which gives those favored with a part in it a responsibility, a practical experience, and an all around training whose value in after years is incalculable.
auditor of student organizations. These three men are the faculty board members of the Exponent. Senior board members of the Exponent will give very brief explanations of the work of their respective staffs so that the freshmen may be better able to decide which staff— editorial, business, co-ed, sports— they will choose. Later, the newcomers will be divided into groups according to the staff they have chosen, and will be given instruction by the several staff heads. J. E. Brock, managing editor of the Exponent, who is in charge of the smoker, anticipates a large turnout this afternoon in view of the fact that this will be the only regular chance freshmen will have to get on the staff and also because fraternity presidents are asking their new men to attend. Union Calls Sophomores Louis Putze announces that all sophomores desiring to enter student union work may register at a meeting to be held tomorrow at 4 p. m. in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building.
Today In The Churches West Side M. E.—Mrs. McFadden will teach the co-ed Sunday School class at 9:30 a. m. at the Wesley Foundation. Dean’s Day will be observed at the church since Dean Fisher speaks to t^ men’s class at 9:30 a. m. and to Epworth League at 6:30" p. m. on me subject “Fraternities—To Join or Not to Join.” The student orchesl^ra and choir make their initial appearance in the evening. West Side Baptist—Sunday School class at 9:30 a. m. with Prof. T. E. Noss, of the University sociology department teaching. A social hour is planned for the evening at 5:30 with stunts and a ten cent lunch. Prof. G. A. Young, head of the mechanical engineering school, will speak to the Discussion Group at 6:30 on the subject “Traditions.” Firs^, Christian—Sunday School class will be taught at 9:30 a. m. by Prof. Hall of the University history department. A recognition service for students will be held at the morning service at 10:40. Devotions at the discussion group at 6:3p p. m. will be led by Joe Clark, and the subject for consideration, “Propaganda and Education in the Newspapers,” will be led by Ted Brewer. - St. John’s Episcopal—Holy Communion at 8:00 a. m., morning prayer and sermon at 10:46, a light supper at 6:00 p. m. followed by a discussion program at 7:00. Central Presbyterian—Dr. G. H. Graves, of the University mathematics department, and Rev. J. W. Findley, student pastor, will be in charge of the student class at 9:30 a. m. Morning worship services will be held in the newly decorated auditorium at 10:46 with Rev. J. W. Findley giving the sermon. The Sunday Evening Club will meet at 6:00 p. m. for a light lunch and a discussion led by Dr. W. R. Graham, church pastor.
Alumni Association Heads Hold Conference; Discuss University, Alumni Affairs The Memorial Union Building yesterday was the scene of a luncheon for the officers of the Purdue Alumni Association when they met to discuss various alumni and University problems at their annual fall conference which is always held near the opening of the academic year. The meeting was presided over by Burr S. Swezey, ’13, of Lafayette, president, with W. H. Winterrowd, Lake Forest, 111., ’07, vice-president; Walter Erull, ’06, Indianapolis, past president; W. J. Parvis, ’28, Indianapolis, representing agricultural alumni; E. L. Simpson, ’99, Port Wayne, director for the central district; M. G. Sackett, ’12, Louisville, representing the Indianapolis district; E. B. Baugh, executive secretary of the alumni association, present. Guests were President E. C. Elliott and T. R. Johnston, director of public information. ^ Seniors Compete For Young Trophy “Will the Mechanical’s Win Again?” Last year’s Cord Day saw the mechanical engineering seniors capture the G. A. Young trophy for the school having the largest percentage of its seniors present at the annual event, a feature of the season’s opening football game. For the third year, seniors will parade before the Butler game in traditional style with their yellow cords and black derbies. Prof. G. A. Young, who sponsors the trophy award, stated yesterday that he hoped the parade this year would be more dignified and revert to the old traditional style of parade. He suggested that the seniors refrain from painting their derbies, and while marching around the football field, they might keep a semblence of military order in their manner of marching. The trophy which is awarded to the winning school is a permanent award, and the winning school may mount it where ever they wish. Prof. Young has carried on the awarding of this trophy in the hope of returning the senior parade to its old status of a dignified affair instead of the “circus parade” it has been in the last few years. YWCA Co-eds Hold Annual Yesper Services Today Y. W. C. A. members will,hold their annual fall vesper service this afternoon at 2:30 for all co-eds interested in attending. The service, which will be held in the faculty lounge, was planned by Dorothy Coan, especially for new women students. It is hoped that counselors will accompany the freshmen and transfer women. Dorothy Bryant will lead the short meditations; Silvia Zussin will render piano selections before and during the service; Jo Friend will sing several appropriate selections. — Agronomists TeU Of Trip Dr. G. H. Cutler and M. O. Pence of the University' agronomy staff, who spent two months of the past summer in England and European travel, will report on the International Grasslands Congress in Great Britain, which they attended. They also will give their observations on European agriculture in general at the first monthly luncheon of the agricultural extension staff Monday, September 27, in the Memorial Union Building. Farm Association Meets President Ernest'Thornburg, and other officers of the Indiana Fgrm Management Association, met in the offices of Secretary Professor 0. G. Lloyd, head of the University farm management school, Friday to discuss the plans of the Association for the coming year.
Continued on Page 3
Purdue's Gold Gridders Succumb To Blacks, 14-6 Brock, Vyyerberg, Mackiewicz Star In Opposing Backfields. Teams Evenly Matched Defensively By B. D. Witwer Entrenched behind powerful defensive lines, Gold and Black backfields made up of parts of Purdue’s grid machine battled for five minutes over the regular four quarters in the Gimlet Club sponsored ganie yesterday as the Blacks emerged on top with the score of 14 to 6.
Sluggish
After the game. Coach “Mai” ward said that the teams were sluggish and needed a lot of working over before they would be in shape for the Butler game next week-end. He made note of Brock’s work on the Black team and mentioned that Mackiewicz did some notable pass-
ing.
The first, and part of the second quarters, were featured by both teams surging up and down the field, but there were no real threats. A few times both teams were back on their heels near their own goal line by well placed kicks, but they always managed to detour danger by kicking out and taking the' play back to the center of the field. Brock And Vyverberg Brock’s kick in the early part of the first quarter which went out on the Golds’ five yard line is noteworthy and also Vyverberg’s lasot which went out of bounds on the Black’s eight. Vyverberg also figured in the most spectacular play of the , quarter when he heaved a 30 yard pass which was pulled down by his teammate Zachary. The fighting was back and forth in the second quarter until the last few minutes of play when the Golds went over for the first touchdown on a sustained drive down the field. Mackiewicz starred as he ran twenty yards to start the drive and then completed three out of five passes. The last being to Willy who marked up the six points. The Golds failed to make the extra point however. Blacks Score , Not to be left behind, the Blacks turned on the power and in quick thrusts. Brown made a hero of himself as he raced through his opposition and galloped 66 yards for the tying score. They made the point, on a pass to Vergane who went over standing up and forged ahead 7-6. Thus ended the half. The second half tallied almost exactly with the first in the line of action. The first 26 minutes saw both teams pushing each other around the field without either one getting anywhere. Third Passive The third quarter was only marked by one first down by the Golds
Campus Is Attentive As Pontiac Program Plans Get Underway Fifty alumni clubs scattered throughout the nation are expected to assemble on the evening of October 8, when Purdue takes the spotlight on the Pontiac Collegiate Program. E. B. Baugh, alumni secretary, will send out 23,000 cards to alumni this week announcing the
program”.
Tomorrow at 4:00 p. m. heads of the various campus musical and dramatic organizations will meet in the Memorial Union Building to formulate plans for the coming show. On September 27, a representative of the Henry Souvaine Co., Inc., an advertising agency, will arrive on the campus to assist in organizing the program. Mostly Musical Skits The program will consist almost entirely of music and di-amatic skits presented by campus organizations. Under present plans the show will be broadcast twice in the evening, the first show running from 7:00 to 7:30 and the second show from 9:30 to 10:00. Memorial Gymnasium, site of the broadcast, will be provided with a seating capacity of 3,000 to care for the audience, students and faculty members who are to receive tickets for the two shows. There is a possibility that a special rehearsal will be presented on Thursday for the benefit of the townfolks. Stop Street Cars? An effort is now being made to have street car traffic stopped on University Street during the time of the two broadcasts. Ail suggestions that students may care to present for the show should be taken to the Alumni office in the Memorial Union Building. Kappa Beta To Give Tea Eappa Beta, the Christian Church sorority, will be host at a tea from 3:30 to 5:30 o’clock this afternoon for new girls interested. The tea will be held at the home of Mrs. Merle McGlure, 705 Meridian Street.
Smoking, With Restridions, Proposed By Student Probing Committee; Senate Will Decide Tuesday
Launching its drive to reach definite and enforceable regulation of campus smoking. Student Senate’s committee on the problem met in the organization Union office yesterday afternoon for a discussion of the issue and later toured the campus to select possible smoking areas. No final boundaries were established yesterday, but the investigating group, made up of Senate President Rohyans, chairman, M. D. Barrows, R. B. Davis, L. A. Rieth, R. I. Schqmacher, Mary Townsend, H. E. Montfort, and R. P. Manion, compiled the following suggestions to present before the Senate at its Tuesday night session. Smoking Here—No ‘ No Smoking should be permitted south of the alley running back of Heavilon Hall, the Chemistry Building, Stanley Coulter Hall, and the Physics Building from University to Grant Street, except north from that alley to the fire plug on the street just west of the Physics Build-
ing addition.
Smoking should be permittj^d any-
r-^
where along the alley and in the Armory parking lots but not east of the parking lot fence in that area. No smoking should be permitted around the mall to the front of the new Administration Building nor on either side of the boulevard. Smoking would be permitted from the alley just east of the Pharmacy Building along the alley leading out to University street and Stadium ave-
nue.
Puff Away .Here Smoking should be permitted in the area enclosed by the Electrical Engineering, the Mechanical Engineering, Service and Stores Build-, ings, the power plant and Michael Golden Shops. No smoking would be permitted on the sidewalks in front of these buildings, nor farther west on Hie alley between the Mechanical and Service and Stores Buildings than the rear corners of those build-
ings.
No smoking areas were set aside for the agricultural campus, Rohyans said that he was going to ap-y^ point a committee of ag Senators to .investigate smoking on that campus.It;
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by Vindergr^duate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief. Editorial Staff MANAGING EDITOR— - -J. E. Brock ASSOCIATE EDITORS ..........D. A. Bailey, Li S. Hardin C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS— —-R. H. Dyer, M. S. Estey, L. C. Farquhar, G. W. Fredericks, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, G. Mueller, D. L. Olson, D. Paarlberg, J. W. Richey, G. T. Tafel, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson. Co-ed Staff CO-ED EDITOR. Elizabeth Pyke ASSOCIATE EDITORS ......Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee. - SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS... Mary Davis, Patricid Heine, Patricia Henry, Alice Mqrtens, Yvonne Price, Mildred Ross, Emily Sawdon, Georganne Schilling, Helen Steffee, Kathryn Thrasher, Betty Wickard, Joan Wimborough.
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year ani weekly during the Summer Session. Business Staff ASSISTANT BUSINESS MGR ..J. P. Girard Local Advertising Staff LOCAL ADVERTISING MGR. .. R. R. Hensler SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS....E. A. Antonini, W!. A. Beman, V. R. Daugherty, H. R. Gingher. Circulation Staff CIRCULATION MANAGER..... M. C. Reeves SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS...-...W. F. Berg, R. L. Lippman, O. E. Lorenz, W. E. Smith. Sports Staff SPORTS EDITOR.. R. P. Obenchain ASSOCIATE EDITORS J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer. , ' SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS G. W. Breuer, C. W. Brown, J. Collins, W. H. Murray, W. F. Qualls.
EXPONENT PLATFORM 1. Improve student housing conditions. 2. Promote student honesty on tests and final examinations and in the preparing of laboratory reports. 3. Stimulate the University instructional staff to better teaching methods. Activities And Freshmen Those who are attending Purdue University are doing so primarily for the purpose of acquiring an academic education. The University has the reputation of being able to give splendid training in its many academic and practical courses to those who apply themselves to their studies. Good grades can be obtained only by intelligent study. Good grades are a primary consideration of employers when college students come to them for jobs. It behooves University students to make good grades. However, no student can spend all his time in study. A change is necessary to prevent what is known as “going stale.” Spare time must be occupied in some manner. It is logical to derive the most pleasure and permanent benefit from leisure time. Engagement in extra-curricular activities is by far a more logical solution of the spare time problem than loafing or bulling. In the first place, activities do provide the needed change from studying. Students derive a great deal of pleasure from their work in these activities and in their successes. They meet new friends—those who are or will be
known throughout the campus. Their associations are more pleasant than those of the classroom for their activities friends are bound together’ by the common ground of their activity and their hours of working together, while classroom associations have only the classroom to instill the spirit of companionship. More important than these features, however, are the more material ones of employer preference and training. Now, more and more frequently, employers are asking for men who have engaged in college activities. The University personnel department carries a record of the activities of each student on its register, and these records are made available to all prospective employers. Moreover, the training a student gets in almost any campus activity in accepting and discharging responsibility, in handling people, in soliciting, in managing staffs, in designing office procedure and staff charts is invaluable in later life, as well as a source of pride to the individual. ^ This afternoon. Dr. J. E. Walters, engineering personnel director, chief engineer-job-getter, and exponent of campus activities, will discuss the value of these activities. He is prepared to prove that participation in activities is a wise and profitable way to employ leisure time. Since it is difficult if not impossible to start in many college activities after the freshman year, the class of 1941 would be wise to attend the Exponent smoker this afternoon in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building and get the right idea of campus activities from one who knows. —J. E. B.
Collegiate
By Mary Cooley r*oise and grace are taught in a western charm school by having the scholar walk with a heavy book on the head. Betty Coed tried “Gone With the Wind” and it left her bowlegged. « * * * Collegians who are deeply affected by glittering moonlight on the ocean swell business with their contribu tions of fraternity jewelry to tSe show case in Leo Strass’ curio shop in Atlantic City. Ardent swains who spend too freely and are forced to hock the fraternity emblem for a ticket home use Strass’ boardwalk store for a pawnshop. Strass has accepted four emblems a day for the last 20 years. He keeps the rings and pins for 30 days to give the rightful owner a chance to buy them back. Girls are his best customers, he says. Some of them turn up on Monday with a haifdful of trinkets which bring $3 and up. Sometimes a girl will pick a pin at random to weah in proof that she has a boy friend. Delta Kappa Epsilon jewelry rates the best seller distinction. One national fraternity has a standing order with Strass to buy at bargain prices alLits pins which turn up at the shop. Phi Beta Kappas are poor sellers, ' but bring $6 when redeemed because of their rarity. Nifty pearl-studded pins win over the Greek lettering, Strass has decided. ' .
Definition of a “snap” course: A course in which the professor does mot check the roll, make assignments, give failing grades, and which is non-existent. * * * * Linger before you leap. Especially when you’ve been asleep. Dr. Maurice Auguste Boigey, prominent French physian and physiologist, says it’s dangerous to jump out of bed the very minute you wake up. • You ayf! advised to wait 20 minutes to permit important physiological adjustments to take place. During sleep the flexible blood vessels are relaxed, and have more space in them than there is blood to fill. The blood rushes into the lower part of the body draining away from the brain, when you stand up suddenly after sleeping. Consequently, you may feel dizzy. In certain blood vessel diseases of the brain, thrombosis might be produced. * * * * Modern society is just a combination of noise, speed, vocational monotony and competitive drives for profits. This characterization was given by Dean Grayson N. Kefauver of Sanford University, California. A new mode of life to relieve modern tension and emotional conflicts is the remedy he urges.
FRESHMEN All freshmen desiring to come out for football manager will meet at 4 o’clock Monday, September 20, in Memorial Gym. ■ —BROWN, CAMPBELL
Co-eds who carry too much avoirdupois can reduce by moving to the higher altitudes, claims John T. Rouse, instructor in the department of geology at Ohio State University. A person’s weight decreases with an increase in altitude.
And then there was the figam freshman who wanted to know what he had to do to get his name up on the Chemistry Building. Pot: Was that your date in the bright red dress at the mixer last night? Moustache: Part of her, boy, part of her. And then there was another freshman who thought co-eds came from big cities and that they rated when they went home! I
What, Where, When? By Sally McKee
Are we puffed up ? We were asked our first question yesterday; so here goes for the answer. Question: where is the knife to be placed when it is being used as Bpth a cutter and a butter spreader ? Answer: on the dinner plate. This may not seem 100 per cent logical, particularly if there is little cutting necessary; but the reason for it is ease and handiness. If the knife is on the dinner plate it can easily be picked up and used for either buttering or cutting, but if it is left on the butter plate too much obvious reaching is necessary to procure it for either cutting or spreading. Any more questions? We’ll try to find the answers.
Starting Toddy DOUBLE FEATURE The tickling story of small-town folks! “THE QUITTER” He stood the old town on its ear and made ’em gasp with his new ideas! with
V
Wm. Bakewell
Emma Dunn
Chas. Grapewine
— PLUS,
fat Warner Bros.* new romantio bit
It’s Everything You Want It to Be !
Latest News Events
“We postponed our honeymoon so the children could see Niagara Falls, too!”
Coach Phillips took his crosscountry proteges out for a two mile and a half jaunt yesterday after-
noon as the first warm up of the year ... He went along just to show the boys how it was done.
—PLUS— BETTY BOOP CARTOON Starts TODAY
■ )
A GAY AND GORGEOUS MUSICAL O F S H IM M E RI N G MAG N I FIC E N C e/ LdVELY TO LOOK ATI —^ lo velier STILL AS YOU LISTEN! A gay and . magnificent muaical... with your "One In A Million" girl and the boy in a million^Sunday, September 19,1937
THE PtJBDUE EXPONENT
STANDINGS AMERICAN LEAGUE
Won
Lost
Pet.
New York
- 83
63
.610
Chicago
82
57
.690
St. Louis
. .76
64
.539
Pittsburgh
.....74
66
.632
Boston
. 70
69
.603
Brooklyn
.62
79
.439
Cincinnati
54
83
.396
Philadelphia
. ...63
84
.389
—Results— Pittsburgh, 3; Brooklyn, 2. Cincinnati, 4; New York, 3. Chicago, 9; Philadelphia, 3. Boston, 8; St. Louis, 7. NATIONAL LEAGUE Won Lost Pet.; New York 93 44 .679 Detroit 82 56 .596 Chicago 77 61 .558 Cleveland 74 64 .536 Boston 71 63 .629 Washington 66 72 .478 Philadelphia 46 91 .328 St. Louis 41 98 .295 —Results— St. Louis, 2-3; Washington, 6-10. Detroit, 6-4; Philadelphia, 2-5. Chicago, 8-0; New York, 12-4. Cleveland, 7; Boston, ^6. Call For Prospective Frosh Grid Managers All freshmen who aspire to the position of frosh football manager are to hold a conclave in the Memorial Gymnasium tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock to get a brief preview of their duties and requirements. This is a coveted job in that it will eventually lead to the senior managership if sufficient interest and diligence is exhibited. All freshmen that last out the season will be carried into the sophomore year, and at the end of the sophomore year two juniors will be selected. These two men will receive their varsity letters and will automatically become the senior managers. Freshman managers assist in the maintenance of equipment and help on the field.
New Football Rules Recently Adopted Several new football rules have been recently adopted for the following season and among them are the following important changes: When new players enter the game they do- not have to report to the umpire at the start of the second half, and there are no restrictions as to communication during the game. When, on the kickoff, the ball is kicked out of bounds it is not brought back for another kick. Suppose for example, that the ball went out of bounds on the 20 yard line. The defenders of the goal are allowed to put the ball on the 35 yard line. If, however, the kick was shorter than 36 yards, it goes to the opponents at that point, 10 yards in from the sidelines. In the ^se of a free or loose football, if it is struck by any portion of a player’s body except his foot, the rule of kicking does not apply. But if the ball is touched by the player’s foot, the ball is awarded to the opponents at that point. Sofilsall Schedule TOMORROW'S 1 Triangle vs Alpha Chi Rho 2 Acacia vs Alpha Kappa Lambda 3 Alpha Tau Omega vs Beta Theta Pi 4 Delta Tau Delta vs Delta Upsilon 5 Kappa Delta Rho vs Kappa Sig. 6 Phi Sagma Kappa vs Sigma Nu 7 Phi Kappa Psi vs Phi Kappa Tau 8 Phi Kappa Sigma vs Phi Kappa Epsilon 9 Phi Delta Theta vs Sigma Alpha 10 Tau Epsilon Phi vs Theta Chi 11 Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Theta Xi 12 Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Theta Tau 13 Sigma Chi vs Pi Kappa Phi 14 Phi Pi Phi vs Pi Kappa Alpha 16 Sigma Pi vs Sigma Alpha Nu 16 Phi Gamma Delta vs Lambda Chi Alpha 17 Alpha Gamma Rho vs Delta’ Chi or Beta Sigma Psi
Sunday Is
Union Day FOR MOST Students
Perhaps you, too have often 'wondered what mokes Sundays so dead for students. And perhaps you are the one who hasn't visited the Union on Sunday. Many find |ust that crowd, fust that atmosphere, or just that amusement they have been looking for-^and within the walls of the Union Building. Come around some Sunday an<|[ see if' you too haven't been missing something.
PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION
Comer of the Campus—-Center of Activities
Interfraternity Golf Matches Start Monday Interfraternity Golf competition is scheduled to start Monday, September 27, on the Lafayette Public Golf course. The meet will extend over two days, with nine holes being played the first day and nine more on Tuesday. Rules will be similar to last year. Each fraternity will enter a threeman team, with the eight teams who have the lowest gross team score going to the finals. These eight squads will play a straight elimination match to decide the champion. A trophy goes to the winning fraternity and medals to members of the winning team and run-ners-up. Tickets for two nine-hole coupons may be purchased for fifty cents at the Intramural Ofiice. The price of the team fee for the first -roimd is $1.60, and if the money is enclosed with the entry blank the tickets will be mailed to the fraternity. All entries are due in the intramural office not later than 4 o’clock Friday.
WARD MANAGERS WANTED Anyone interested in being ward athletic manager come to the intra-mural office in the Memorial Gjrmnasium at the earliest possible date.
Fielders Choice
Approximately 2,500 students and fans turned out for the Gimlet game yesterday afternoon . . . everyone seemed well pleased with the showing which the squad made in their debut for the season. -—^fc— The mid-summer weather which persisted throughout the day was quite a contrast to last year’s Fresh-man-Varsity game ... if our memory is correct, last year’s affair ended in a cold drizzling rain which turned into sleet before the evening was over... —^fc— The surprise of the day was the great number of outstanding sophomores who dominated the afternoon’s play — Morningstar, Welch, Mackiewicz, Brown, Krause, Winchell, Shackleton ... all destined to make Boilermaker history.... y—fc— For this early in the season, the squad attempted some rather tricky plays which were, surprisingly well executed . . . the Black team completed one lateral for five yards . .. the Gold were not quite as successful, losing three on their single try. —fc— Everyone was pleased to see Lowell Decker back in harness again ... he is undoubtedly one of the most vicious tacklers in the Big Ten . . . certainly the best on the squad . . . He will be a power house back ing up the Purdue line this season ... an orchid to Decker . . . (now what would he do with an orchid?) —^fc— Harmon Phillips had his boys out for their first cross-country workout last Friday . . . running over the new course all the way . . . two
SENIOR CORDS
$4.75
Every Pair Guaranteed To Give Satisfactory Service Place Your Order With MARTY or CLEM
1 N C. 316 STATE STREET West Lafayette
Black Gridders Defeat m Gold Team Yesterday Continued from Page 1 and three for the Blacks. The rest Was a demonstration of the even balance of both lines as they struggled back and forth. In the early fourth Selby gained 20 yards on a sprint, but nothing was gained as repeated attacks on the Black squad netted negligible results. The last minutes, however, once more saw the Blacks come to life as Brock raced fifteen yards from scrimmage to the Golds’ five and then Nesbitt smashed his way across the goal line in two successive tries. Brock again took over and converted for the extra point, making the score: Blacks 14, Golds 6. Game Lengthened Immediately after this, five minutes was added to the game but little real action was witnessed as Isbell tried a few passes to his Gold cohorts, and Brown made another Black first down. The gun blew just as Brown reeled off thirty yards to the Golds’ 20, ending the game. The Blacks had the edge in ground gaining strength as witnessed by 'their garnering 13 first downs to the Golds’ 6. Both teams showed that ,Golds’ six. Both teams showed that however.
and one half miles in all, with Harmon setting the pace the entire distance ... he certainly seems <}etermined to produce a winning track team . . . more power to him. .. . —^fc— ^Now just a word to all industrious freshmen and sophomores . . . the chance of a life time awaits all those who have been yearning to participate in some campus activity . . . the Exponent sports staff is issuing their first call for under-grad-uate workers ... if you are interested, be in the Scrivener’s room of the Union at four-thirty Tuesday only a limited number will be accepted, so be there bright and early with a prayer on your lips to be picked out as one of the lucky chosen few...
Intramural Department IssuesCallForFreshmen Fraternity freshmen interested in athletic administration will have a chance to work in this field by applying for a position as one of the intramural managers. A meeting will be held tomorrow afternoon at 4:00 o’clock in the intramural office for the purpose of giving the freshmen instructions. Freshmen that become intramural managers wall assist in conducting the intramural sports program, reporting to the office every weekday afternoon at four o’clock. At the end of the first year two sophomore assistant managers and one alternate manager will be selected from this group. One of these men will be elected intramural manager at the end of his sophomore year, this job lasting for one year. The awards for the work as a manager are a trip to Chicago, for the Big Ten athletic conference, intramural sweaters to the three assistants at the end of the freshmen year, a “P” sweater to the manager at the end of his junior year. 42 Sign Up For Tennis Tournament There seems to be a lack of interest in tennis this year on the campus. At least, that is the attitude that is gleaned from the small number of men who have signed up so far for all-campus and class teimis. Only 42 have signed up from all four classes, while over 75 signed up from the freshman class alone last year. TTius far, the frosh are leading the other classes with a total of 22 entries, but this is a meager showing compared to last year’s entries. Matches are scheduled to start sometime this week, but there is still time to enter the competition. All men desiring to do so should go over to the intramural office and sign up as soon as possible. A ten cent entry fee must be paid before any matches are played. Several of those who have already signed up have not paid this fee and should do so if they expect to remain in the tournament.
* the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
— Hardware —
— Florist —
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN
(Hojth J-IoJuM Inc. 635 Main St. in Lana Theatre —Boildina Phone 7955—8050
— Bookstores —
PROFESSIONAL
‘‘DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAtJL A. BISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT 6. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
NOTICE All services and operations resumed at the Crown Laundry. We are able to serve you in the customary way. % Phone 4073—Our route man will call. Crowu Laundry FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHEStt
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday, September 19,1937
Notices
Alpha Phi Omcfra -— Mooting Wednesday and 2 of the Memorial Union Building All membtrs must be present
—MOORE
W A A —Hike to Happy Hollow Sep tember Meet at Womens Gym at 7 45 September 22 at 30 p m in rooms 1 a m —CAMPBELL
Delta Rho Kappa—Members must attend a short meeting at 4 p m September 21 in room r of the Memorial Union Building Impoitant -tCEOMER
M E Seniors—Those prevented from registering for M E 62 because of conflict put slip with name and open hours in my mail box before noon September 20 —AULT
Graduate Forum—Thb first meeting will be September 10 at 6 SO at Wesley Founda tion 435 State street. Prof G H Graves will lead a discussion on the Sino Tapancso war —HOW
P 1 A —Will the following people please meet at the PIA office September 20 at
AT EASE
Here are sit eater coats that are the very last word m comfort and smartness Knitted from soft pure wool yarns, they have zip per fronts with two patch pock ets~a‘Hd shnred backs that give }ou plenti of freedom Choice of several colors —- hunter s green, autumn brown, deep blue, and gray
4pm —R Hughes, J Rittenhouse C Stewart R Shinn R Heme Shirley Yon over Ruth Rengfore and Juliet Peek —WELLS . MEYER Dolphin Club—Short meetil ^ September 21 at 4 p m in Clevett s office Every member must be present —CARR PIA —All upperclassmen interested in managerial work in P I A activities please meet in the PIA office September 20 at 4 p m —WELLS MEYER University Epworth League—Dean Fisher will speak on Fraternities—-To Join or Not to Join Meeting September 19 at 6 30 West Lafayette Methodist church —LUDBERG PEW Horseback Riding—Classes have been foimed in horseback riding as follows beginners Monday 1 30 and Wednesdays 2 30 advanced Tuesday 1 30 and Thursday
2 30
Classes begin Monday September 20 Any one wishing to join a class should com municate with me at the Women s Gym —KNIGHT Fraternity Presidents Leave list of fall pledges including initials and home town for each envelope addressed to me in Ex ponent box at west desk of Union by morn ing of September 20 This must be done for inclusion in published pledge list —BROCK Fraternity Presidents Remind freshmen to attend Exponent smoker September 19 at 2 30 in Union Ballroom —BROCK Hockey Open practice for sophomores juniors and senioi'S September 21 at 4 o clock —DOBSON Episcopal Students Young people s fel lowship meet ng tonight at St John s church Supper at 6 p m —BRISCOE Alpha la-mbda Delta Important meeting Septem' er 20 in room B of the Memorial Union Building —RANDALL Counselor Meeting Septembei 21 at 4 p m Meeting place will be posted in W S G A office —HUBER Counselors Personnel blanks must be at W S G A office at 4 p m September 20 —HUBER
Local Ads
FOR RENT—Room and board foi one student Large desk in the room 317 Chauncey Phone 4311 STUDENTS — Giab this offer quick Three brand new portable typewiiteis for only $15 00 each In vestigate C F Ebershoff, 605 Main street East Side
Foi Rent—Whole second floor of house, for seven men—all new fur nituie—piivate entrance, 210 East Stadium Call 3894
Foi lent—6ne nice double loom, also a double roolm with loommate Phone 45392
436 Main St
FOR RENT—Room and boaid foi
News... Continued from Page 1 mous American trans-oceanic flier, would become a British subject were denied later in the^ay by his English friends A piospective subject of King Geoige VI must reside in British teiiitory for five of the eight years pieceedmg application for naturalization papers The Lindberghs have lesided on English soil less than two years
War Opening the banks of rivers and canals southwest of Peiping Friday night, Chinese troops staged a desperate effoit to save 50,000 of their own number by virtually washing the invading Japanese away on the Cl est of man made flood waters The Japanese, on the other hand, con tinued their steady march on Peip ing, as United States Marine Com mander Colonel Marston, rushed more than 140 Ameiican refugees from the city Until yesterday wai in the Orient had continued in much the same manner as it has since open hostili ties started between Japan and China eaily in July Fire swept through broad sections of Shang hai. Nippon troops pressed the Chin ese hard They fell back to a caiefully prepared second line, abandon ing Kiangwan Later in the week, the Chinese diove Japanese troops out of Lotien, 15 miles northwest of th International Settlement Protesting that both sides were caieless in the use of aiiciaft and anti aircraft weapons, foreign naval commandeis asked immunity for the International Settlement With the aiiival of the Sixth regiment of United States Maiines, totalling 1 500 officers and men Ameiican foices in Shanghai numbered 2 700
Ovei shadowed by feveiish Anglo French activity against submaiines in tho Mediteiianean, Spanish civil
one student, large desk in room 317 Chauncey, Phone 4311
Student and fraternity washings 6c pound foi flat work ironed and student bundles finished Phone 75402, Shearm Laundry
W. Lafayette
641 Main St. Lafayette
%4SsIr0,
I Delivery service will be resumed Monday, SepI tember 2llth. Phone BOSS and your driver will I call for your laundry, dry cleaning and shoe I repairing as usual. I We wish to thank our many customers for I the loyal support given us for the past three
I weeks.
I AMERICAN LAUNDRY liiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiipiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiinJiiiiiiiliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiifiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiijH
war showed its only action around Gijon, last government held stronghold on the Bay of Biscay. Rebel bombeis savagely attacked forces surrounding the city and claimed they had crippled the might of the government defenders Angeied by English and French activity in the Mediterranean, Italy threatened a mass invasion of Spam that would quickly end hostilities there Russia announced she would openly and with all her forces oppose Mussolini’s troops Meanwhile, the Anglo-Piench armada of 160 vessels, became a reality as British and French navy yard sailors worked feverishly to load munitions on fighting ships of those nations Labor “Wildcat” strikes, menace to CIO and coiporations alike, have reached the end of their trail if the new decree of the CIO IS carried out In a letter to William Knudsen on Thursday, Homeij, Martin, president of United Auto Workers recognized th^ right of the corporation to dismiss employees responsible for call mg stiikes without U A W executive committee approval In the meantime John L Lewis, president of th^ United Mine Workers, announced last week that he would send international headquaiters committeemen to Indiana to re open negotiations with mine opeia tors in the hope of pi eventing a thieatened general strike of 6,500 miners
All recent l^bor controversies however, have not been between labor and capitol William Green, president bf AFL and arch CIO enemy, once again assailed Lewis and his organization Declaring before the International Typographical Union Thursday that the present battle between the AFL and the CIO would disrupt labor. Green demanded that the ITU definitely make up its mind on the question of affiliation with the CIO.
Recently the printers’ union has straddled the question of CIO or AFL affiliation Many doubt that the International Typographical Union will take any immediate action on Green’s demand at this time. John L Lewis made news on another occasion early in the week when he met President Roosevelt for the fiist time since the labor leader assailed the President on Labor Day for his attitude toward the CIO steel strike
PLEASE NOTE We are ready to resume our regular delivery service. West Side Cleaners
Northwestern at Vine
Phone 4081
The MILK That Builds the MEN Who Make the Touchdowns
Believe it or not the game is in the bag when Sunshine's pure, wholesome milk is in the glass. Sunshine is a champion milk for champions. If you want to make the team be sure you get plenty of good milk—best of all. Sunshine's Extra Rich Milk.
SUNSHINE FARMS
4th and UNION Sts.
PHONE 5015
^lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllUIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHiiiiH DON'T I WRITE HOME | Let tbe EXPONENT take the complete cam- | pus news to any part of the country for you. | Save the time and worry of letter writing-- | by sending the EXPONENT home six days of | every week. | Mailing subscription $3.50. |
' siiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiH^^
!!