K
. f
-s-ff
THE WEATHER
Forecast for Indiana: Generally fair today and tomorrow; somewhat colder today.
Purdue Exponent
sumAY , FebrvmsrZB,!^ Udayefte, Tndkma VoL SO Now 124
X4M
Boilermakers Down Michigan, 29-28
The Week's NEWS
• CriHeism of U. S. airplane sales turns
about face.
• Conditions leading up to Spurrier's
death investigated.
• England and France O. K. Franco's
plan
, plans for Spain.
• Unidentified ship reported torpedoed • Tradesmen boycott German, Japan-
ese products.
• Deckard, Cunningham win new track
honors.
WASHINGTON
Plane Sales Critics . . . . . . seemed to be won o'ver to the President’s side of the controversy this week as snatorial skptics decided that the arguments offered by FDR were o. k. and the sales were
proper. General opinion of the converts tended to follow the “These sales will tend to promote our capacity to produce airplanes needed under the armaments program” line of rationalizing. On the other side of (the fence, Senator Gerald Dye (R-N.D.) announced he would introduce legislation to restrict such sales in the future.
Guam Air Base ...
. . . measures, the second item on FDR’s national defense program, were rejected by the House this week, 206-168. Plans called for an appropriation of 6 million dollars to improve Guam as a naval air base.
All other items in the 53 million 800 thousand dollar measure were approved by the legislative body, appropriating 48 million, 800 thousand dollars for development of 13 naval bases. House members labeled the Guam plan as a “provocative measure,” stated that the U. S. frontier is wherever the Stars and Stripes are floating.
60 Billion Dollars ... ... is the new figure the administration will ask congress to set as the national debt limitation. This is an increase of 6 billion over the present top of 46 billion. Continuing at the present rate, the national debt should reach the 44 billion mark by June, 1940. Interest payments on the present debt •wall require a congressional grant of on billion, 60 million dollars beginning July 1.
Storing Plan . . . . . . for materials of war as approved by the Senate military affairs committee this week. The plan calls for the purchases and setting hack of 100 million dollars worth of raw materials necessary in times of
war.^ A government board 'will be set up to decide just what materials would be bought over the next four year period.
Plans Made For Campus Musical/
Economizing Measures . . . ... continued in the House this week, as the representatives in their economy drive sliced over 27 million dollars off FDR’s estimates for the Treasury and Post Office departments. Even in view of the reduction, the final appropriation was over 197 million in excess of this year’s fund for the same purposes. But while the House economized, the Senate strode in another direction as it restored some 17 million dollars to the TVA appropriation for the fiscal year 1940. This amount had been voted out by the House recently.
Constitution Drafted Yesterday
At a joint meeting of the executive committee of the Purdue Musical Organizations and the managing board of Purdue Playshop in Eliza Fowler Hall late yesterday afternoon, an agreement was reached concerning this year’s musical show. With the adoption of a working plan, it is expected that work will be done immediately toward selecting a show and a date. H. Kenn Carmichael, Playshop director, stated last night that a production would probably be selected by the end of this week. Possible dates under consideration
are April 21 and 22, but the 21st is still under consideration for Junior Prom and consequently the final date will not be set until the Prom date has been decided. A committee for interviewing applicants for positions still vacant for this year’s show was appointed yesterday afternoon and will hold these interviews at 4 o’clock Monday afternoon, February 27, in Eliza Fowler Hall. Plans agreed upon vary little from those which Playshop and the musical organizations have been formulating the past few months and which recently caused so much controversy. The principal items contained in the original agreement drawn up between the two groups were considered and retained as follows: Constitution 1. The show will be directed by A. P. Stewart, director of the musical organizations; H. K. Carmichael, Playshop director; and J. E. Dietrich, business manager of Playshop. 2. The talent and workers will be selected at large from the student body. 3. The principal managerial appointments will be made by the exr ecutive boards of the two organizations and their staff organizations. 4. The responsibility for the production 'will rest on the Board of Control composed of the student business manager, the student stage manager, the student dance director, H. K. Carmichael, and A. P. Stewart. 6. The selection of the cast and the choruses will be made by Carmichael . and Stewart 'with the assistance of the dance director. 6. The finances for the production will be guaranteed and the profits divided by the two organizations in proportions mutually agreed upon. 7. The name of the show was selected as the “Purdue Varsity Show.” 8. The production will be presented in Eliza Fqwler Hall on one weekend only. A constitution embodying the above facts was dravm up and will govern all future production^. After this year’s show an Electoral Board ■will be selected which will operate as a separate unit under the constitution. Petitions already submitted for managerial positions were taken under consideration at this meeting and tentative appointments were made. These appointments will be announced next week.
Plays Due March 1 For Script Trophy
Potential playwrights, Scrivener members and all scribblers in general have until the first of March to enter their scripts in the Southworth Script trophy contest. Only one play has been'submitted so far according to Don Rice, who is in charge of the contest. “I am unable to explain this lack of response,” added Don Rice, “it is no mean honor to the winner, whose name will be engraved upon the Southworth Cup.” The play is to be presented by the Playshop Laboratory group. The winner in ’36, Arthur Radkey with his “Experiment,” had his play published in the dramatic magaziine. Cue, and received favorable comment from eastern critics.
Don Rice expressed the hope that a number of scripts have been written, but that the authors have been tardy in submitting them. He requests them to turn their works in as soon as possible. Freshmen and sophomores should be particularly interested in this contest as most English courses will give credit for extra-curricula work.
Indiana Forensic League To Meet On Campus March 9, W
Members of the Indiana district of the National Forensic League will meet at the University March 9 and 10 for the fourth annual tournament, stated Prof. P. E. Lull, director of forensic activities.
For the first time, delegates to the meeting ■will elect a “Student Congress” composed of two groups, the “Senate” and “House of Representatives.” The “Congress” will take up bills which each'league chapter has been required to submit concerning state and local affairs. ■Winners of the tournament will represent the state in the national contest to be held in Beverly Hills, Cal. in June. Contests here will be held in debate, extemporaneous speaking, dramatic declamation, humorous declamation, original oratory, and oratorical declamation.
Varsity, Frosh Debaters Win 28. Lose 20 Contests
NATIONAL State’s Attorney . . . . . , Fred Hamill of Champaign County, 111., in testimony presented to the grand jury Friday, was -charged with connivance with underworld characters as a special inquiry was instigated to study the conditions which led to the death of William Spurrier, University of HJinois student, a week ago. (Continued on page 4)
Ten varsity debaters and eight members of the freshman squad returned yesterday afternoon from a two-day tournament at North Manchester in which 69 midwestern colleges were represented. The subject was: “Resolved, that the United States should cease to use public funds, including credit, for the purpose of stimulating business.”
After three weeks of intensive preparation the varsity squad, that was coached by Prof. P. E. Lull, was able to win 14 out of their 24 debates. Most of the opposing debaters had been debating the subject since the first of the year. The freshman squad, coached by
Nina Hayes To Play Handel's Brahm's Works Today At 4 Nina Hayes, still in her twenties, yet an instructor at the Bomar Cramer Studios of Music in Indianapolis, will furnish the music for to-' day’s music room program. The entertainment will begin at 4 p. m. Her program will be divided into three parts as follows: I Chaconne, G Major Handel Intermezzo No. 6 Brahms Intermezzo No 2 Brahms Capriccio No 8 Brahms II Carnaval Schumann III Jeux d’eau Ravel Invocation Albeniz Feast of God in Seville Albeniz Prelude B flat minor, Rachmaninoff
Cappo To Swing For Scabbard And Blade
Formal On March 3
Joe Cappo and his orchestra will play for the annual Scabbard and Blade formal which will be held in the Union ballroom Friday evening, March 3. Cappo has played here before in the fall of 1937. During intermission, spring pledges to the military honorary will be announced. Attendance is restricted to members, pledges, and their guests, totaling approximately 400 couples. Formal uniform will be worn by members of Scabbard and Blade and pledges, while guests will wear either tux or tails. Maintaining a precedent of former years, the organization has ruled out corsages. Bob Heine, chairman of the dance has something very novel in the way of decorations for the affair. “Something never before seen in the ballroom,” was Ms statement, and he refuses to, give out any more information.
Student Forum Plans Discussion On Faults
Of University Methods
Bob King, discussing the same question won 14 of their 20 debates. The team of Seymour Udell and Gordon Belles was undefeated in five debates. The meet is an annual tournament in which teams are pair^ in a rotating schedule. Two of the five rounds were held Friday afternoon and one Friday evening. ’Three were run off yesterday morning. Results "Varsity results were: Affirmative —^White and Springgate won three, lost three; Karnowsky and Paarlberg won three, lost three; negative —Buckles and Sasser won two, lost (Continued on page 8)
WSGA...
Beretta Scores 10 Points
As Riveters Win 5th Tilt
By Bob McDonald Playing without the services of their captain and all-confer-ence center, Gene Anderson, a much improved Boilermaker basketball team, inspired by the return of their coach Ward “Piggy” Lambert to active duty, downed a hard fighting Michigan squad here last night, 29-28, before a (capacity crbwd in a thrilling, closely played contest, the outcome of which was uncertain until the final gun had sounded. Freddie Beretta, stellar junior
Fred Beretta.,
“What is wrong with teaching at Purdue?” will be the subject of the student forum which ■will be held Tuesday, February 28, at 7:30 p. m. in the Faculty Lounge. Chairman of the forum will be Lucy Demoret. Discussion will be led by a group composed of two faculty members and two students. Professor M. W. Todd of the school of civil engineering, and Professor Marian Willoughby of the home economics department, will comprise the faculty representation while student representatives will be Mary Alice Learning, president of WSGA, and H. I. Stanback, Exponent editor. Some of the points which will be covered are “Grading on a curve,” “60 per cent D’s,” “the necessity of students buying expensive textbooks written by their instructors,” “failing 60 per cent of the freshman class,” “Saturday classes,” “7 and 6 o’clock classes.” The meeting is open to all and anyone attending may express his views on the subject, according to a statement made by Bob Carr, senior forensic manager, last night.
guard, was the hero of the game, scoring ten points during the contest and sinking the long shot which put the Riveters one point in the lead with only 30 seconds left to play. Eli Yeager again displayed his excellent defensive ability by holding Michigan’s star forward, Tom Harmon, to four points. Big Forest Weber did a very capable job of filling Anderson’s shoes at the pivot position, but the Boileimiakers were noticeably handicapped by their captain’s absence.
. . . star floor guard, who scored the deciding basket in the last minute of last night’s game against the Wolverines, and whose consistent defensive work was an important factor in Purdue’s victory.
Pi Kappa Phi Holds District Conclave
Completely forgetting Dr. S. J. Miller’s pre-game ad-vdce, the crowd broke into a frenzy of yelling during the last half of the contest. Both teams came back ■with an impregnable defense, and as Michigan gradually overcame their first half scoring deficiency behind the brilliant long-shot sharp-scooting of floor guard Thomas, exci^ment rose to a Mgh pitch. During the remaining minutes of the game, the lead changed hands frequently -with neither team able to obtain an advantage. With only two minutes left to play, the Wolverines moved into the lead, 28-27, and established an excellent stall formation which appeared to put the game on ice. Purdue managed to break it up, however, ■with only 30 seconds left to play, and Beretta dropped back to sink a .long shot which placed the Boilermakers in the lead, 29-28. Beretta fouled Pink in the closing seconds of the game, but the free-throw was missed and Purdue regained possession of the ball as the gun sounded 'with the score 29-28 in Purdue’s favor.
Pi Kappa Phi, social fraternity, is holding its fourth annual eleventh district conclave over the week-end. Three chapters are representd; Upsilon, Hlinois; Alpha Phi of Armour Tech; and Omega, Pui--due. Feature of the combined meeting is the presence of John MacCann, national executive secretary of Pi Kappa Phi.
Visiting chapters arrived Saturday morning, and spent yesterday afternoon in the Union reception room discussing mutual problems. Today’s program includes a banquet in the chapter house. Speaker will be Dr. R. Phillips, history, government, and economics department who will speak on foreign affairs.
First Half Summary On the tip-off, Weber batted the ball out of bounds. After several unsuccessful scoring attempts on the part of both teams, Igney pulled up at the foul circle and sank a long one for the first tally of the game. Harmon matched for Michigan 'with a rebound on the next play. Lorens fouled Pink, who made good the charity toss. Beebe slipped through to score a difficult one-handed shot. Beretta scored on a technical fooL Score: Purdue, 3; Michigan, 6. Lorenz followed in to tie the score. Fink fouled Beretta while shooting, but Freddie missed his second throw. Michigan scored on a beautifully executed fast-break play, with Harmon going imder for the score. Web(Continued on page 3)
'Choice Of Hobbies Important'—Walters;
University Offers Many Opportunities
By Roland DeHoog
“Let’s take this hobby selection more seriously,” is Dr. Walter’s idea in exhibiting 34 of his landscape paintings in the I][nion music room. “I do not consider them as good art, but as the outcome of a procedure to determine the right leisure time activity,” states the personnel director in explanation.
.'. . Executive B<^d members will meet next Wednesday night to break the tie which resulted between freshmen representatives to the board at the election February 23. Mary Alice Learning, WSGA president, stated that the method of reaching the decision was as yet undecided.
The series of lectures sponsored by the PIA is intended to point out more profitable methods of using leisiure time. Several members of the faculty have agreed to talk on this subject on future evenings and to tell about their own hobbies.
Puttering in the Union tower room is the student’s latest search for a life hobby. Hobby seeking is one of the personnel staff’s major interests and should be one of interest to every student. The re-
sults of Dr. Walters’ study and his personal ability is very well shown in his collection. University, Opportunities Students ask about hobbies and how to select one. Purdue offers all possible opportunities in this search. A hobby is becoming'more and more necessary in this world of 40 hour weeks. Relaxation and constructive leisure activity is very important in maintaining a balanced: active interest in life, and will prevent monotony. If we admit the importance of hobbies, we next start in our search for proficiency in our selected art., Knowledge is the greatest possible interest builder. Dr. Walter’s method was to read all available material on landscape painting, talk to other amateurs, and then to study (Continued on page 8)£diJtiydaL
THE I>UBDT]E EXPONENT
J-SUXiuAlUL
Sunday, Februai^ 2B, 1939
Student Describes CAA Training
By Paul C. Ganzar After hearing and reading so much about the advantages of CAA and its disadvantages, elimination examinations, and views from authorities on the Civil Air Training progi'am, we can now have the opinion of a student flyer-to-be. Their whole course is outlined in full, telling the whats, whens, and wheres of aviation. We shall take the aVerage college student who has experienced the feeling of being selected as one of the few to enter the new flying course. He is Edgar Conn, Hammond, Indiana. He is a sophomore mechanical engineer, who is interested in the aeronautical option. When asked to express his views on the subject, he replied doubtfully, “What is it you want to know?” Army Examination After hearing about the stiff physical exam. Conn appeared to be a perfect specimen of manhood. Having passed Doc Miller’s examination, he felt I’elieved. He had just passed the first test, but the worst was yet to come. The super strict U. S. medicos were the next to look him over. The exam took place in the Arnett Clinic in Lafayette, where they inquired about all body injuries, and hiS entire medical history. Blood pressure, pulse and eyes must be exact. Depth perception, eye strain and equilibrium tests completed the examination, the results of which were then sent to the proper officials. After having been accepted, Edgar Conn had his semester schedule arranged' in order not to have a conflict with other courses. The result was that he has six 7 o’clocks per week. The ground school conr sists of three hom’s per week of navigation, and the other three in aeronautics and Civil Air Regulatiohs. Combining all his hoirrs for one week, he has 42 hours of class. Full Fledged Flyer After .obtaining 36 solo hours in the air, the student is ready for his private pilot’s license test. It is yet unknown whether or not a CAA student flyer is able to receive a commercial pilot’s license, because of the, difficulty in preparing flying schedules for each student to Onable them to receive the proper amount of hours. After 8 hours of instruction flying he is given his solo flight. Only on good flying days do they receive their appointment to fly at a certain time. One of the three instructors explains the fundamentals and they take off in a Cub. Captain Aretz, Harrington, and Parks, the three flying instructors, are kept in the air doing their duty with all the students hour after hour. When asked whether or not it gets boring. Captain Aretz replied, “Taking students up every hour is not boring to me because I am past that stage. In fact, I consider the whole thing very interesting.” It Won’t Be Long Now Cohn has four and one-half hours of flying to his credit. He has been givah the cbhti’ols of the plane since the first time up in the air, and how is being taught the rudiments of take-off and landing, the toughest part of flying to learn. “With just a few words and demonstrations, the instructors have simplified flying for us to a point where we can now take-off, fly, and land without very much trouble./ All we need is
experience and flying hours,” said Conn. This procedure will keep on until 8 hours of flying instruction has been received by each flyer, then they are ready for their solo flight. After this, they shall click off their solo flying hours until they reach the desired 36 for the license. By this time, near the end of the semester, they should also be capable of passing the tests to make them a part of the U. S. Air Corps.
3bdisihA to the Editor Dear Editor: The purpose of the regular Sunday afternoon programs which are held in the music room of the Union is to develop appreciation for music among Purdue students. We of the music room committee feel that the students have not realized this fact. The pa.st semester 10 programs were presented either in the ballroom of the Union or in the music room. We can safely say that every program had a capacity attendance and that never more than 10 per cent of those people attending were students. This to the music room committee is very discouraging, because the Union is designed to benefit the students. If the students do not use the facilities afforded them, is this an indication that the students are not interested in music, or do the students dislike the programs presented? In case students have not realized that such a program is given on Sunday afternoon, we will be only too glad to welcome them to the music room this Sunday. J. A. R. T. M. C. Friday Gym Parties Attract Eds,Co-eds Purdue Sportswomen are sponsoring recreational parties on Friday evenings from 7:30 to 9:30 in Memorial Gymnasium. Last Friday more than 60 co-eds and eds took part in swimming, volleyball, badminton, ping pong, and shuffleboard. The swimming pool may be used from 8:00 until 9:00. Parties will continue until spring vacation. 125 Couples... ... danced from 3 to 5:30 yesterday afternoon, at the PIA tea dance in the Union ballroom. Music whs furnished by popular recordings including many of Artie Shaw’s latest swing tunes.
Bold ana Black LOVE We think that true love should be publicized—Don’t y6u? To carry out this idea, we would like to point out the touching method JOHN RICHARDSON uses to express his affection for VIRGINIA ROYCE. Every morning without fail VIRGINIA gets a phone call from her JOHNNY. The Alpha Chis don’t mind the call but they do object to stepping over VIRGINIA as they go down to breakfast. It seems that Casanova JERRY CIRAL is doing his best to give the gals a break again. The young lady of the story is MARGE PATRICK. Says Jerry, that there is nothing to cause excitement yet, but “I have high hopes after I really turn on the old personality.” Now that Wopien’s Pan is over, you suckers that had to polish the apple in order to go can forget all about the whole thing and treat them like you really feel—a fine thought. TOM WETHEROLD, tbe Sigma Nu flash, spent a profitable evening night before last. Tom called all the phone numbers written in the phone booth in quest of a date. Collegiana finally agreed to send one of their members over to yesterday’s tea dance as a date for little TOMMY. One of the freshmen who has taken a rise to popularity since she’s been here is ELEANOR MILLER, (WRE-North Phone 4051). A Phi Delt pledge has been going after her pretty STRONG lately. This TREVA BERRY vs. JIM WILLIAMSON affair is interesting to watch. We wondered whether JIM had a date with TREVA j^the night of the Convo. They came and left together but they sat apart while TREVA knitted and chatted with a girl on the other side. Note ... it musta been a date for we saw them at Pan-Hell together the next night. THERE’S THE RUB Mother uses cold cream; Father uses lather; Daughter uses powder. At least that’s what I gather. AN IDEA! When in doubt about something different to do on a date . . . try acting like ladies and gentlemen . . MARGE BAUMGARDT and good old GEORGE BAKER tried the ex-
— with.
JOHN GARFIELD Sensational Star of “Four Daughters'* Co-starring with the DEAD END KIDS
CLAUDE RAINS • ANN SHERIDAN MAY ROBSON • GLORIA DICKSON
MARS
ANNOUNCEMENT Winners of $250,000.00 Movie Quiz Contest will be announced from the stage, 9:00 o'clock Monday Evening.
STARTS TODAY
periment out Saturday night . . . about 11 p. m. The stooges could think of nothing exciting to do . ^. so, they tried said plan .,. “We did not know acting nice could-be so much fun” quote MARGE . . . we wonder?? POME The girl I left behind me I think of night and day. If ever she should find me There’d be hell to pay! —Sam. SLIPPING? Evidently, DAVE HARTLEY hasn’t slipped so much after all. . . being sick in the hospital isn’t such a bad idea if the gal back home decides to live here a week just to see her little DAVEY every day . . . She’s checking up on you, boy. LAST MINUTE ADVICE Love is something that brings heaven down to earth and raises hell! Songs that fit: After lots of debating . . . songs really suit named people... . Jackie Nickolson^—^“Hold Tight.” Tot McQueen—“Hurry Home.” Bob Buck—“Get out of Town.” Stan Thursby—“You Must Have Been a Beautiful Baby.” Lib Callison—“My Man.” Baxter and Bykowski — “Old Folks.” Barbara Hyman—“Sweetheart of Sigma Chi.” Prank Winchell — “Any Old Time.” Carl Verplank—“Shoot the Liquor to Mb, Johnny Boy.” Gene Anderson—“My Heart Belongs to Daddy.” Dick Jarvis—“I Cried for You.” Joe Mihal—“Old Mari Mose.” Fred Mendez—“I Have Eyes.” Carl Swan—“Lost in a Fog.”George Chisman—“Here Comes the Devil.” —B-B— No Go: ' Wonder why D. U. Pledge George Paige and Sig Ep Lowell (Fish) McNeill can’t rate a date with Vera Hngle? Maybe they don’t know that Carl Pandel has reached top score with the girl ... —B-B— Warner McClain took a mad throw from the Triangle house the other morning when he threw down an alarm clock from the dorm win-
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Licbty
“More labor trouble, Snodgrass—the vice presidents have organized and gone on strike!” dow . . .- as tinkle of broken glass Love is that thing which brings from window . . . plus clock . . . heaven dovvn to earth and raises crashed through the rest of the dorm Hell! came from the dead to laugh at the —^^-B— / funny expression of Ed Kosowicz, FAMOUS LAST (?) LINE owner of the clock . . . Ed still Alone in the moonlight is more doesn’t know it was a put up job ... fun if you aren’t.
THimiNS CAVALCADE OF AMERICAN AVIATION!
WITH WINGS' in Technicolor! , A fa,amount ficluro with FRED MacMURRAY RAY MILLAND LOUISE CAMPBELL Andy Devinedynne Oveiman Porter Hall • Walter Abel
ANNOUNCEMENT Winners of $250,000.00 Movie Quiz Contest will be announced from the stage, 9:00 o'clock Monday Evening.
TODAY—-MONDAY LUMA
;
COME ONE - COME ALL, h«re comet that showboat loaded to the gun'Is with Mississippi rhythm and romance! Sr Louis Blues" A Paramount Pictuie with OOmYLAMM-LLiYOIIOLAN' TITO einZAR • BOME COWAN • JESSIE RALPH • WILLIAM FRAWLEY MARY PARKER-MAXINE SyLLIVAN-CUFr NAZARRO-IHE KING'S MEN snil MATTY MALNECK anil Rli Oiclieslii • Diiicliil by Rioul Wilsh
Starts TODAY
ANNOUNCEMENT Winners of $250,000.00 Movie Quiz Contest will be announced from the stage, 9:00 o'clock Monday Evening.
[RED-BLOOD AND GUNPOWDER HEROES j i roaring Irom Kipling's storied India...storming| i the screen with the lusty life-thunder of men who I fight for the love of it and love for the fun of it!l
SSioanFonta'"® Ullery, «"«* f water-w
-NOW SHOWING
— ADMISSION — Nights and Sundays 35c Week Day Matinees.....'. 25c Children 10c|#5
Sunday, February 26,1939 League Leading Hoosiers Invade Purdue Tomorrow Indiana’s omniverous hardwood quintet, five men who have sabotaged almost every effort of conference cage machines to stop them in their mad drive for the Big Ten basketball championship, will be in town tomorrow night bent on continuing their deterioration tactics, using Piggy Lambert’s netters, who will be seeking revenge for a defeat at the hands of the Hoosiers earlier in the season.
THE PURDUE
SfUfdA.
EXPONENT
The Fieldhouse, the scene of the approaching net battle, will be jammed with followers of both clubs tickets for the fracas having been absent from the ticket office for months. / The Indiana team, under the direction of youthful Branch McCracken, has to this writing, raced through ten conference games with but one defeat, the loss being suffered at the hands of the Ohio Stdte troup, a team seldom defeated on the Columbus floor. The Hoosiers have proved,their ability to come from behind and win by comfortable margins during the last three games. Especially in the Minnesota game of last night did the Indiana netters prove their staying ability, coming from the short end of a 24-22 count at the half to win by 12 points and on a foreign floor, too. Former Big Ten Athletes Collaborate As Offkials Last night’s game with Michigan gave employment in the form of officiating to two of the greatest scorers that ever attended a Western Conference school—Joe Reiff, former Northwesteim star, and Bill Haarlow, Chicago luminary. Fer two seasons, ’34 and ’35, the Chicago five was kept in scoring columns due to Haarlow’s efforts, as Reiff held the conference scoring record eight years ago.
LEARN TO DANCE A Private Lesson Will Be Given Free of Charge WED., MARCH 1st 7:00 P. M. To Those Wishing to Enroll in Our NEW BEGINNERS CLASS Phone 2150 r AUiEN’S '6th& Perry
Last Night's Games Bloomington, Feb. 26—(Special) —Indiana maintained its lead in the 1939 Big Ten title race by trouncing the Minnesota Gophers, 49-37, here tonight in a rapid-moving encounter in which the Gophers, minus their brilliant forward, Gordon Addington, were unable to match the powerful Hoosier five on the latter’s home floor. Indiana spotted the Gophers two points in the first half, the period ending up with Minnesota ahead, 24-22. However, the Hoosiers loosed a vicious attack in the late stages of the game to not only overtake the Gophers but sweep ahead by 12 points before the game ended. While the Hoosiers were making it actually a two team championship race by handing the Gophers their fourth defeat in 11 games, they were taking their tertth consecutive victory under the tutelage of Branch McCracken. EVANSTON, 111.—.(Special)— Northwestern evened the season’s record with its 'fifth win m 10 contests tonight, at Patten Gymnasium as it eked out a 36-34 decision over the sinking Illini, who held third place as the Gophers were also the victims in their game. Despite the efforts of Hapac and Dehner, Illinois scoring aces, the visitors were unable to keep the Wildcat at bay, dropping what grew into a hotly contested fray by the margin of a single field goal. MADISON, Wis.—(Special) — Ohio State clung to its mathematical chance to figure in the Big Ten basketball championship tonight by walloping the Badgers 46-36 on the Cardinal home floor. The triumph made the Buckeyes the only team left with a chance to catch the leading Hoosiers. It was the eighth victory in 10 games for the Scarlet and Gray and the seventh loss in 10 games for Wis-
Step Lively— The Price Changes March 3!
Price Change From $4.50 to $5.00 after March 3, 1939 Pictures The Debris is a record of this year at Purdue. Orientation. registration, military batteries, activity groups. Sophomore Cotillion. Military Boll, athletic contests, candid camera shots taken all over the campus—^these are just a few of the evented recorded by the Debris.
Boilermakers Down (Continued from page 1)
er matched -with a short under-the-basket shot but was fouled on the play; the throw was good. Purdue 9; Michigan, 7, 12 minutes remaining in the half. Thomas Sinks Long One Thomas pulled up and scored for Michigan from far out in the field. Igney matched with another long shot from his favorite spot. Fisher replaced Lorenz. Harmon fouled Yeager and the shot was good. Weber fouled Rae going under; the throw was good. Weber scored on a pivot shot, Purdue led, 14 to 10, with 8 minutes left to play in the half. Yeager fouled Thomas but only one of the f;fee throws was good. During the next few minutes, Purdue had control of the ball bpt failed to score after having considerable tough luck on their shots. Beebe scored for Michigan. Bob Igney scored his third basket of the game. Purdue, 16; Michigan, 13; three minutes left to play in the half. Beebe scored from far out in the field. Harmon fouled Yeager and was replaced by Smick. The free-throw was no good. Yeager fouled Smick under the basket. The throw was good and tied the score at 16 all with one minute left to play. Yeager dribbled down the side of the floor and scored a long shot as the gun Sounded ending the half. Score: Purdue, 18; Michigan, 16. SecPnd Half Summary With the exception that Fisher started at forward in place of Lorenz, the line-up was the same as at the start of the game. Weber at center, Fisher and Igney at forward and Beretta and Yeager guards. Beretta scored on an out-of-bound play for Purdue. Igney fouled Beebe but the throw was no good. Dickinson replaced Weber and Purdue took time out. Dickinson scored on a difficult two handed pivot shot and Michigan took time out. Rae scored for Michigan on a one-handed pivot shot. After five minutes of play Purdue led, 22-18. Michigan Moves Up | Pink scored from the field as the | Wolverines moved up. Beebe tied the score with a long shot from the back of the court. Purdue irtstigated a high speed attack as the crowd went into a frenzy of cheering. Rae fouled Fisher and the shot was good. Thomas scored on a short one-hand-ed shot. With 12 minutes left to play Michigan moved into the lead with the scoring standing Purdue, 23; Michigan, 24, Beretta went under to score on a neat pass from Fisher. Michigan took time out and Harmon replaced Smick. Thomas scored on another long shot from far out in the field. Yeager fouled Thomas but only one of the two free throws was good. Herschleman replaced Dickinson. With only 7 minutes left to play Michigan led, 27 to 26. Thomas fouled Yeager, who missed the charity toss. Beretta sank a long shot to tie the score at 27 all with five minutes left to play. Herschleman fouled Beebe and the throw was good. Fisher fouled Pink going un-
£udibuA.
QhDksL By Bruce Witwer After the slow start of last night’s game with Michigan, wfe neVer had an idea it would rise to the heights where the flu conscioiis audience would lose all apprehension, cast discretion to the winds And yell themselves hoarse ... if the flu rate goes up we think a concensus of opinion will show that it was worth it anyway.
—fc—
We vote Beretta as receiver of the platinum medal for last night. . “Frank Merriwell” Beretta from now on with that last second shot of his which won the game ... it might have been a too, too ^ifferent ’Story if Michigan hadn’t run out of its shooting strength. —fc— With five minutes gone in the second half Michigan uncovered a rabbit’s foot in its pocket which looked like it might win the game for them . . . they made five baskets in seven shots and that’s really hitting them in the high percentages. I _fc— ' I Michigan’s failing in their shoot- i ing of fouls cost them the game .. . the last half they had seven opportunities to boost their total and made only two of them . . . that last half was also a fine defensive display as the Wolverines were held to 19 shots while the usual total is about 30.
“der but he failed to score on the free-throw. Herschleman fouled Rae, and Weber replaced the sophomore forward. Purdue took time out. With about 3Vz minutes left to play the score stood Michigan, 28; Purdue, 27. Rae’s free-throw was no good. Beebe fouled Weber while shooting, but he missed both freethrows. Two minutes left to play; Michigan, 28; Purdue, 27. With about 30 seconds remaining, Beretta pulled up and sank a long shot to put Purdue in the lead. Beretta fouled Pink but the throw was not good. Ten seconds later the gun sounded ending the game with the Boilermakers out in front, 29-28. Summary: Purdue (29) B. F. P. TP Igney, f 3016 Lorenz, f , .10 12 Fisher, f, c 0 111 Dickinson, f 10 0 2 Weber, c 2 115 Beretta, g 4 2 1 10 Herschelman, g 0 0 2 0 Yeager, g 113 3
Totals Michigan (28) Pink, f Harmon, f Smick, c Rae, c „ Beebe, g Thomas, g Totals
11
Boilermaker Wrestlers Lose To Wheaton. 25-15
12 5 10 29 B. F. P. TP 1113
7 28
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Professional
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST n 916 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
• Locksmith
The Risk Dental Clhtie PAUL A. RISK—D.D.S. HAROLD j. RISK—D.D5. LUTHER A. RISK—D.D.S. Schultz BuildirM 4h and Main Pnona 5701
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Re|>alring SKATE SHARPENINO Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
• Jewelers
• Printing
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This Is all w« do, but we do it well. Opposite Pott Office Wallace Block 322 Feny St.
r\RINTING Oldca Stationery . O 1 Wedding Invitation* PHONE ■ W Book.,Etc. , 2628 CASSEL’S 408lrERRy
Irish Fencing Team Defeats Purdue, 17-10 With individual victories fairly divided, Notre Dame’s fencers were able to scatter the Boilermaker fencers’ victories enough to win the dual meet between the Irish and Purdue yesterday afternoon by the score of 17-10. Captain Stepath, the Purdue leader, won two of his three matches as did Boilermakers Hoffman, Meier, and Weldy. Art Levin, senior member of the squad, and one of the steadiest swordsmen to wear the wire mask of Purdue’s fencers for some time, lost his first individual match in two years to Colgon of the Irish squad. The Gold and Black team won three victories out of nine matches in the foil division, a category in which Meirson, Hoffman, and Pitcher competed for the Boilermakers. The Purdue epee squad fared a slight bit better than the others by winning three matches and tying two out of nine contests as the result of Levin, Meier, and Soloff’s efforts.
Varsity, Frosh(Continued from page 1)
two; Keane and Yamamoto won four and lost one; Spraker and Quinlan won two, lost one. Freshmen results were: Affirmative—Alward and Skallerup won one, lost four; Todd and Strange won four, lost one; Negative — Udell and Belles won five, lost none; Etter and Standish, won four, lost one. Chief affirmative arguments were that government stimulation of business should stop because business was able to carry on without government aid. The rising national debt came up for considerable criticism. “Pump Priming” The negative countered with material showing the achievemenli of “pump priming,” and the necessity for continuing it. Results of the tournament showed decisions almost evenly divided. ' The next debate scheduled Vvill be on the campus. Sasser and Yamamoto will meet two boys from Australia who are on a tour of the United States. In March, the varsity squad goes to Madison for another tourney. Besides coaches Lull and King, Lee Winch and Bob Horn of the speech department accompanied the squads. Las! Night's Results Indiana, 49; Minnesota, 37 Ohio State, 46; Wisconsin, 36 Northwestern, 36; Illinois, 34 Marquette, 58; Notre Dame, 50
WHEATON, HI.—Wheaton College’s wrestling team thwarted the Boilermakers’ attempt to win two meets in two days by defeating the Gold and Black 25-13 here this afternoon. Only three Boilermakers were able to outwrestle their opponents two winning by a fall and the third by points. Berkheiser, 121 pounder, won by a fall over Shurmo, his opponent from Wheaton in the opening match. Allman followed with a decision over Long, while the other victory for the Gold and Black was in the 165 pound class in which Post won by a fall over Carlson of Whea-
ton.
Papurca, Tyrell, Lederer, Toth, and Rossi were felled by tffeir opponents to round out a meet in which only one of the eight matches did not result in a fall. Big Ten Standings
Indiana
W
9
L
1
Pet. .900
Ohio State
8
2
.800
Illinois
7
4
.636
Minnesota
6
4
.600
PURDUE
5
4
.566
Northwestern
. 5
5
.500
Wisconsin
3
7
.300
Michigan
2
7
.222
Chicago
2
7
.222
Iowa
2
8
.200
MONDAY NIGHT’S GAMES Ohio State at Michigan Northwestern at Iowa Minnesota at Wisconsin Chicago at Illinois INDIANA at PURDUE
Atada...
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Richard Groff of South Bend, and Robert Stockton of Huntington Park, Calif.
Choice of Hobbies(Continued from page 1)
for a short time under a professional. If money is not available, the library can furnish all information except practical experience. Purdue offers pi-actice in almost every field. Golf tickets, tennis, badminton, handball, and basketball courts are all available. In order to advance hobbies dealing with the fine arts, students have started the puttering room in the Union tower. This room is steadily becoming more popular and frequented. Robei-t Parks, instructor, is always around to aid beginners. Over 15 clubs are listed m the directory, not including hobbies; for those who like to write, sing, act, debate and many others. Out of this number every student should be able to find constructive hobby and a group interested in his own hobby.
HAYS JEWELRY CO. EAST SIDE OF SqiJARB FINE JEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
EASTMAN KODAKS All Kinds of Supplies and Camera Accessories for the Picture Fan.
Hinea’s
634 Main Street
Phone 7775
COLONIAL GARDENS TOMMY TUCK-ER INN Why Can’t You? Dine Dance3bxaL GdA,
THE POBDOE EXPONOTT
Sunday, February 26,1939 ' ^
(Continued from page 1) The inquiry was prompted after 8,000 University students, at a mass meeting in Huff Gymnasium Friday morning, passed resolutions demanding punishment of those responsible for the conditions which led to Spui**cr’s death. The gi-and jury heard evidence presented by President Arthur Cutts Willard of the University; Ed Borman, city editor of the Daily Illini, and several other newspaper writers who told of their efforts to curb gambling and vice-fighting against the excuses and laxity of State’s Attorney Hamill. ' Navy Air Crashes . . . . . . last week claimed the lives of two student flyers last week, Lieut. N. M. Ostergren, Fort Peck, Mont., and Lieut. G. F. Presser, Brazil, as fog swept in from the gulf at Pensacola, Fla., causing eight student planes to crash. Six pilots were able to gam safety via parachutes, and four others flying in the original formation, found safety in landing in Southern Alabama outside the fog belt. The formation, including nine students and three instructors, was making a final night formation flight before graduation. Caught in the ail without radio aid when fog blanketed Corry field, naval base, the student planes crashed causing damage estimated at $150,000 worth of Boeing single place fighting
ships.
President Roosevelt . . . .. . from the admiral’s flag quarters aboard the U. S. S. Houston off the coast of Florida, followed the official analysis of Thursday’s “battle,” high point m the navy’s annual war
games.
Admiral William D. Leahy, chief of naval operation, with the president at his elbow, pointed out the blunders made and traced out the final victory—^results of which were not made public. It is expected that the president will give a critique of the maneuvers next week when he returns—a warning of America’s might to totalitarian states which might consider aggression in the western hemis-
phere.
WAR Diplomatic Stamp . . . ... of approval from England and France went to Franco’s nationalistic regime in Spain last week. France’s Premier Edouard Daladier announced to the chamber of deputies Friday his intention of recognizing Franco’s rule tomorrow, following Britain’s lead. Daladier urged recognition for two principal reasons: the loyalist cause in Spain is hopeless, and Franco controls 372 miles of France’s southern frontier. By provoking debate on a technicality, Daladier won approval of the chamber in advance by a majority vote of 323 to 261. Real importance of recognition, Daladier intimated between the lines, is to counteract Italian influence in rebel capital Burgos, aimed at decreasing possibility of a third menaced frontier to defend besides Italian and German border lines. At Catalonia’s Fall . . . . . . president Manuel Azana and other leaders split with Premier Negrin’s group and fled to Paris, while Negrin and aids hurried to central Spain, where Gen. Jose Mia-
ja still holds the Madrid-Valencia area. Last week in Paris, Azana was completing arrangements to announce end of the third Spanish republic, as far as he and his supporters were concerned. Franco Was Cool . . . ... to French and British advances earlier last week, insisting upon unconditional surrender of I’epublican Spain while the allies favored a condition of “general amnesty” following surrender. Franco is planning a new government of eight cabinet ministers under nominal direction of brother-in-law Serrano Sunner as premier, nationalistic reports state. Franco will retain his title as chief of state and supreme commander of the army. .Japanese Washed . . . . . . their hands of responsibility Thursday for 12 Americans and 43 other foreigners remaining at China’s mountain-top resort of Kulung. Japanese office! s are preparing a thrice delayed drive to clear the area of Chinese. Forty-eight foreigners who had been marooned at the resort were escoited down the mountainside Wednesday to Kiukiang, on the Yangtze, 15 miles north of Kulung. They left behind the 54 who were unable to make the trip because of age or illness. “We’re Sorry . . . ... it was a mistake,’’ said Japanese officials to British Hong-Kong’s ministry Wednesday. On Tuesday Jap warplanes dropped a bomb within the crown colony during a laid on the Canton-Hong Kong railway, killing nine persons including a British Indian policeman. Political assassinations started a “reign of terror” in Shanghai last week, where many Chinese friendly to the Japs have been murdered. FOREIGN Hugarian Police . . . . . . Friday dissolved the national socialist party (Nazi) and closed its headquarters and confiscated its property throughout the country. Simultaneously, the government signed the German-Italian-Japanese anti-communist pact, which, it was said, was done to offset the possible loss of Germany’s good will because of the Nazi suppression. “SOS . . . Torpedoed . . . ... by unknown submarine” was the message picked up by radiomen in the United States and Portugal this week, from a vessel which gave its position as 360 miles south of the Azores. Organized search for the vessel by the Canadian Pacific’s Empress of Australia and the Greek steamer Mt. Pelion was abandoned Thursday, after neither had found so much as a piece of floating wreck-
age.
The stricken vessel signed its call letters as “PECC,” which were unlisted so that no clew was given as to identity. For a while it was believed that the ill-fated vessel was the British oil tanker Pecten, but later word was received from the Pecten, leaving the sinking another unsolved mystery of the sea. Pope Pius XI . . . ... in a will written by him personally less than a month before his death bequeathed his possessions to the Holy See and to his successor. His possessions, as the Pope stated, were not of “great pecuniary value,”
but included many gifts which he had received during his reign. Meanwhile plans are being made for the Pope’s successor to broadcast via radio his blessings to the throngs in St. Peter’s square. This is to be the pope’s first appearance and the first chance for the world to learn the new pope’s identity, though in a traditional ceremony about an hour before the pope’s appearance in which the ballots of the successful vote are burned to form a cloud of white smoke. BUSINESS Foreign Boycotters . . . . . . both organized and unorganized, arte gloating this wetek over what seems to be a sign of their success. Boycott was the only power they had with which to halt foreign aggression against Jews and Chinese, so American buyers have for several weeks excluded from their purchases all items that showed a German or Japanese trademark. Individual boycotters, supported by such organizations as the Joint Boycott Council (of the American Jewish Congress and Jewish Labor Committee) and the American Boycott Against Agressor Nations (outgrowth of Committee for a Boycott Against Japanese Agression) together with such large Jewish American firms as New York’s Macy, Sacs-Fifth Avenue, Lord and Taylor, this week read the report of the Department of Commerce and
smiled.
“Pulvex Kills Fleas . . . . . . 100%” is just one of the advertising slogans that evoked the rath of the Federal Trade Commission this week in their drive on industry’s laxities. They sued 18 tire companies a tidy $1,053,474.63 for submitting identical bids to the govern-* ment on a recent pending contract. They ordered a leading Gotham department store to stop referring to part wool goods as “wool.” Fears of War . . . . . . were cited by the executive manager of the National Association of Credit Men as the principal cause for present slow recovery. He also predicted that the building industry will take the initiative when the upswing does come. Meanwhile, steel markets continued their upward trend, according to a recent article in Steel. Rails also can show a sharp gain over earnings a year ago. Those included in the rise are Union Pacific, Burlington, Northern Pacific, Nickel Plate, and Rock Island* Note the absence of Pennsy and New York Cen-tral-Big Four. SPORTS Skinny-As-A-Rail . . . ... Tommy Deckard, former Indiana track star, showed the way home in a pair of two-mile races last Monday and Wednesday in Newark, N.
M1SCBLLANB0U8
Fellows!
x %
We Clean HATS • TO LOOK • LIKE NEW
" for only—50c
cleaned the American-Way Mean— Satisfaction for you and longer life for your clothes. Send yours in Regularly! American! Dependable Dry-Cleaners
J., and Boston, Mass., respectively, and decisively trounced Fellow Hoosier Don Lash both times. Glenn Cunningham, current holder of the indoor mile record, proved he was still the greatest miler of them all Wednesday by defeating aces’ Chuck Fenske and Gene Yenzke in Boston, clocking a mile in 5:15.5. ^ Cunningham, unable to find anyone to keep up with him in the mile,' agreed Monday to move into the distance field and to run a special twomile race with Lash, present king of the long grind. The event will take place March 4 at New York’s Madison Square Garden. A Young Lady Horse . . . . .. can’t win any kind of a race in early spring, according to minds of the horse gentry, but Cienca, three-year-old filly, turned the tables on experts and romped home an 8 to 1 shot in the Santa Anita Derby at Los Angeles Wednesday. She garnered $41,850 for King Ranch' of Texas in 1:50.00% minutes of work over a mile and a furlong. In A National Survey . . . ... of the leading basketball teams of the country conducted by leading sports authorities of the nation, Notre Damm quintet topped the pack last weeh. Other schools in the group of the big ten are: Loyola, California, Indiana, Long Island, Colorado, Bradley Tech, Oregon, Ohio State, New York University. Henry Picard of . . . . . . Hershey, Pa., one of golf’s big money winners, pocketed $2,000 for first place in New Orlean’s Crescent City open with a 72-hole score of 284 last week. Pro Tennis Touring ... is getting hard on 27-year-old muscles and his daughter doesn’t know him any more, so Ellsworth Vines, professional tennis ace, will quit the golden trek next year. This was the nucleus of the bronzed champion’s remarks in Portland, Ore., last week. Ostrander Elected Freshman Queen Three hundred couples danced to the music of Bill Bardo and his band at the annual Green Potters dance held in the Union ballroom last night. Jane Ostiander, HE ’41, was selected Freshman Queen. Miss Ostrander was selected by popular vote from a list of 10 nominees.
Tryouts For Campus Show Start Tuesday Tryouts for Campus Varieties, weekly Saturday afternoon pro-, gram, will be held Tuesday at 6 p. m. in WBAA’s studios on the third floor of the Electrical Engineering Building. Anyone interested in getting* on the program is eligible for trial. Especially needed are accordion players and anyone capable of doing dialects. Also needed are singers, foreign students who can sing or play a native instrument, and anybody who can write and act humorous dialogues. Russ Mock, local pianist, will be on hand to accompany any singers who wish to try out. 175 Attend Radio Program Dedicated To Carmichaei One hundred and seventy-five students filled the music room yesterday afternoon to hear the Campus Varieties program dedicated to Indiana University and Hoagy Carmichael. ' During the hour program, Carmichael’s life history was told and many of his songs were played. The University Glee Club sang “Star Dust” and “Heart and Soul,” two of Carmichael’s most famous pieces. Music for the program was furnished by Bill Martin’s campus orchestra. College Caravan Mystery Band Bill Adams, the unknown band leader who furnished the music in yesterday’s College Caravan, has established his orchestra in the ranks of successful campus bands. Playing with his own distinctive style, featuring the piano music of Jim McKillip, the accordion music of Glen Wright and vocals by Bob Kelly, Bill Adams and his orchestra was hailed a success by the audience in his air debut. Lambda Chi Alpha.. . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of the following: Frank Lake, Detroit; Burton Benninghoff, Fort Wayne; Bruce Bowden, Chicago; and Frank Meyer, Oklahoma City.
Personnel Notes
Company: General Electric Company. Visiting Purdue: Monday through Wednesday, February 27 to March 1st. ' < Interviewing: ME and EE seniors. Sign up with Prof. G. A. Young or Prof. C. F. Harding.
Notices
Gimlet Club: All members are requested to serve as ushers at the open house in. the Fieldhouse after the Indiana game Monday, February 27. —SWAN.
Campus Varieties Tryouts: Will the following people please reportt o station WBAA for an audition for Campus Varieties Monday afternoon, February 27, at 6 p. m.; Curtner, Eva, Kruder, Biegle, Dawn, Morehouse, Heckman, Bancroft, Due, Schmodel, and Mock. —MILLER.
Union Workers: Will every available man please come to the workshop Monday, February 27, at 4 p. m. —COOPER. Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, February 28, at 7 '.80 p. m. in room 254 of the Electrical Engineering Building. There will be an election of secretary-treasurer and an inspection trip to the television station. —KITTNER.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held Tuesday, February 28, at 7:30 p. m. in room 0 of the Union. —MACK.
T. and I. E. Students: Picture of entire school will be taken next Wednesday evening, March 1, in the tower room at 7. p. m. Everyone be there. —STARR.
ASME: Members who expect to enter the University branch contest should call me at 45841. (2-28) —CLUTTER.
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoif, 605 Main street.
ALTERATIONS, repairing and mending neatly done. Phone 2637.
FOR SALE FOR sale:—Popular recording collection made this year. 35 records. All 17 Shaws Cost $17. Will sell for $12 cash. Call 41964 after 4 pm. and ask for Schory.
Turn Your ASSETS Into CASH
i by using the Classified columns of the Purdue Exponent. If you want to rent or sell something, you can do it best thru—
THE Purdue Exponent
Business Phone—5038
,rl
Scriveners: Meeting Sunday, February 26, at 7:45 p. m. at No. 6 Murdock Apartments, between Deac’s and Egerton’s Hardware, on State Street. Bring manuscripts. —JUSTIN.
Newman Club: Important meeting of all officers and Convention Committee Chairmen Sunday, February 26, at 8 p. m. in room F of the Union. —KASSER.
ME 31: Examination for removal of condition or incomplete in ME 31 will be held Saturday, March 18, at 1 p. m. in room 301 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. Make arrangements with the undersigned on or before March 11. —MESSERSMITH.
Scabbard and Blade: Important meeting in room F at 7:30 p. m. Tuesday, February 28. Discussion of by laws. —2aMMER.
Mixed Recreation: There will be mixed recreation every Friday night in the Women’s Gym. Jeanette Shaffer is in charge. (3-3) —FRASER.
CE 41 Hydraulics: An examination for the removal of C grades will be held Saturday, March 4th, in room 201, CE Building. Students intending to take the examination must report to the undersigned prior to March 1st. . —F. W. GREVE.