T> J Purdue
ExDonent Jr
Volume 5L No. 125
Sundays Mcnrdk 3, 1940
akers, 51
A Week of War
By J. H. McKee Germany WHi Never Abandon Her War . . . against England and France until the present Nazi German government is the ruling power in central Europe and until she is given a free hand in the world’s trade. This was the gist of Adolf Hitler’s talk with United States Undersecretary of State Sumner Welles, yesterday on Welles’ first visit to a beligerent capital of Europe. The two spoke for one hour and' 25
minutes.
No mention was made ddring the 85 minute discussion of possible American mediation. The feuhrer insisted that he was fighting only because England started the war, and that Germany would make no peace unless the conditions were those that have previously been stated by representatives of* the Nazi government—^primarily that England lose her stranglehold on Europe and the world. Welles, spoke with the fuehrer through an interpreter. The Berlin papers carried news of the session, but there was still a degree of mystery about the mission.
Lasf Monday . . . Sumner Welles delivered a personal letter from President Roosevelt to Premier Benito Mussolini, as the undersecretary of state made his first stop in his tour of European capitals. The meeting of the two was termed by Italian papers as a “cordial conversation.” The nature of the message was not made public, but it probably included some mention of the manytimes proposed intervention of Italy as a mediator in the European conflicts. Italian papers printed pictures of Welles’ arrival, but did not tell the reason for the visit or that he wordd proceed to other European capitals. Soviet Armies . . . '' continued their relentless diives against the Mannerheim defences, with their goal, the city of Viipuri, but a few miles ahead. A Soviet communique yesterday stated that the Finns had fired the city as they retreated. The city was evacuated earlier in the week. Soviet forces were converging on the city from land and over the ice filled Bay of Viipuri. Russian military headquarters at Leningrad reported the drive on Viipuri as “continuing successfully.” The communique said that over 900 of the steel and concrete forts on the hem of the lines had been taken. Belgium's Neutrality . . . was violated yesterday when a German bombing plane shot down three Belgian planes which attacked the bomber over Belgian territory. The Belgian version of the air battle said that the three Belgian planes surrounded the bomber which suddenly opened fire on the small pursuit planes. One pilot was killed outright. Two others lost their lives as one ship crashed. Following An Attack ... by German planes on British shipping of the British Isles, Great Britain sent a fleet of observation planes, said to be the largest observation flight of the war, over Berlin and other German cities. It was the sixth reconnaissance flight over German territory in the past seven days. In the German air attack the British passenger lines, Phyrrhus, 7,418 tons, was sunk. Several neutral vessels were reported missing following the bombings. A Bill Permitting ... a 20 million dollar loan to Finland was passed by both houses of Congrress last week, and it is now awaiting the signature of the President. The bill also increases the capital of the import-export bank by 100 million dollars, but loans can not be made to countries in default of their war debts. No country may borrow more than 20 million dollars. The loans may not be used to pur-
Music Room Will Riveter Stars Fail To Stem
Smashing Indiana Offense
chase war materials. But commercial planes may be purchased by warring countries. With the installation of bomb racks and machineguns such planes might be tinned into fighting planes overnight. The First Lord ... of the British Admiralty, Winston Churchill, announced last week that two British warships, the Barham and the Nelson, had been damaged “by enemy action,” but were not destroyed ag had been rumored. He also annouhced that the Scapa Flow naval base has been abandoned since the German submarine had wormed its way through the anti-submarine defences and sank the battleship Royal Oak. Sectional Scores In 64 centers throughout the state, Indiana sectional champions were crowned last night, marking tre end of the first round of the annual Hoosier classic, the Indiana high school championship tournament. Two of the teams favored by sportswiiters to make a strong bid for the state championship, Anderson and Jeffersonville, went down to defeat in semi-final games. Following is a report of final scores from 48 sectional centers: Shortridge (Indianapolis), 30; Decatur Central, 26. Attica, 43; Kingman, 32. Bloomington, 31; Martinsville,
28.
Crawfordsville, 40; New Market,
32.
Garrett, 44; Auburn, 36. Pleasant Mills, 39; Kirkland Twp.,
21.
Lawrenceburg, 48; Patriot, 17. Marion, 30; Gas City, 22. Froebel (Gary), 17; Horace Mann (Gary), 15. Seymour, 34; Medora, 16. Sullivan, 27; Kemptown, 25. Richmond, 46; Hagerstown, 28. Noi’th Manchester, 22; Wabash,
18.
Nappanee, 27; Concord Townsnip, 26. Jefferson (Lafayette), 44; West Point, 19. Parker, 31; Union Center, ^9. Washington, 29; Boonville, 20 Batesville, 63; Napoleon, 26. Chesterton, 28; Liberty Center,
27.
South Side (Ft. Wayne), 37; North Side (Ft. Wayne), 22. Kokomo, 90; Union Township, 11. Hammond Tech, 40; Whiting, 36. Lebanon, 38; Zionsville, 28. Laporte, 36; Michigan City, 34. Brookton, 44; Brownfield, 36. New Castle, 39; Middletown, 34. Salem, 36; Paoli, 19. Mentone, 20; Beaver Dam, 11. Lapel, 36; Alexandria, 34. Bloomfield, 34; Jasonville, 24. Pittsboro, 22; Lizton, 19. Kendellville, 38; WoK Lake, 18. Rockville, 43; Clinton, 21. Central (Evansville), 36; Reitz Memorial (Evansville), 30. Frankfort, 36; Michigantown, 27. Greenfield, 37; Charlottesville, 28. Portland, 33; Madison, 28. Logansport, 68; Onward, 22. New Albany, 41; Charlestown, 21. Riley (South Bend), 33; Central (South Bend), 31. Burris (Muncie), 43; Center, 34. Oakland City, 31; Princton, 30. Gosport, 23; Clay City, 16. Garfield (Terre Haute), 36; West Terre Haute, 31. Vincennes, 64; Sandborn, 27. Mitchell, 64; Springfield Township, 26.
Present Classical Variety Hour Today ^ For the first time on this campus the music room is sponsoring a Classical Variety Hour this afternoon between 4 and 6 o’clock. Rosemary Robinsbn, Molly Harding, Evelyn Gullion, Robert Stanley, Don Haines, Harold Koch, and Vernon Westberg, Eva Robertson, Gene Kinilski, Edward Egglebreckt, the string quartet, will appear on this program. These studerits are all talented performers having appeared on various stages and in well known theaters. Don Haines was trumpet soloist in the Wittenberg College orchestra, and Harold Koch studied in Chicago and played in the Whiting Symphony Orchestra. Mollie Harding in the university and concert choirs had the lead in the “Mikado” last year and Robert Stanley is baritone soloist in the glee club. The string quartette has played at many banquets in this region and is a well known group. Miss Rosemary Robinson accompanies the niversity and concert choirs. 'Calling All Pennies' Is Theme Of Annual WAA Penny Carnival “Calling all pennies,” calling all pennies to WAA’s annual Penny Carnival Saturday, in the Women’s Gym from 7:30 to 12 p. m. Members of sororities, wards and residents of the halls, have been wrack-ing-their brains for the most original ideas for booths for the carnival. A cup will be awarded as first prize. The Alpha Xis are nj)W in possession of this cup. A box of candy will be presented to the group collecting the most coppers. A skit has been prepared by the program committee headed by Isabel Weinharr. Members of WAA will put on a tumbling skit at 8:30, the Triton Club has been planning to give an exhibition at 8, and at 9:30 there will be a demonstration of Chinese Magic. There will be dancing from 9 to 12. The committee chairmen are: progiam, Isabel Weinharr, refreshments, Ruth Swift, decorations, Betty Smith; booths, Louise Thomas; tickets, Martha Schroeder; and publicity, Georgia Walker, \ Sororities, residence halls, wards, and WAA clubs are all having booths. Everyone is invited to come and pitch a few pennies into WAA’s
coffers.
Phi Kappa Tau . . . social fraternity, announces Albans, W. Va.; and Charles M. the pledging of John Lander, St. Weiss, Anderson.
By Rolfe Jenkins Exponent Sports Editor No champions were crowned last night. Instead, in a fieldhouse filled to the brim with enthusiastic local cage followers a sad historical event took place. The Hoosiers tripped the Boilermakers 51-45, leaving the Gold and Black quintet at the top of the Big Ten but washing oif the real glory of the campaign by accomplishing something which 40 years of Purdue-Indiana basketball games had failed to permit, two Hoosier victories in one season. All the Riveters have to do to win the Western Conference title tomorrow night at Champaign is to knock off the Illini on their home floor. But Indiana, while unable to win the undisputed championship of the conference regardless of the outcome of Monday’s games, has been proclaimed champion of the Hoosier state.
PaarlbergTakesTop Honors In Discussion Contest At Iowa City Placing first in a field of seven, four of whom were of the University squad, Don Paarlberg took top honors in the discussion contest at the University of Iowa invitational debate tournament Friday. Semour Udell, also of the squad, placed third; Mark Keane, and Gordon Belles losing out in the final round. The topic under discussion was: “What policy should the United States follow toward the beligerents in Europe.” Results of the extemporaneous speaking contest, the debate, and the after dinner speaking contest, held yesterday afternoon have not as yet been received. Competing in the annual contest were Iowa state, Minnesota, Wichita, Carlton, Texas, Iowa, and Purdue. Announce Tryouts For Dancing Chorus Separate dance tryouts for the Varsity Show production, “Sweethearts,” Avill be held Monday afternoon, March 4, at 4 o’clock in the South ballroom of the Union building. All eds and co-eds who are interested in work in the dancing chorus of the show are invited to attend these tryouts. W. L. Deam, speech instructor, will conduct the tryouts. He will be assisted by Piny Sexton and Robert Bauman, student directors. Every student, even though he may have previously tried out, is again requested to come. Eds are particularly invited. Foresters To Honor Senior At Meeting Forestry Club will hold a meeting Tuesday night at 7:46 o’clock in the auditorium of the horticulture buildvote will be taken to choose the sening.
Control Board Auditions 100 For Varsity Show Positions
By Mary Bnrtsfield Grouped around a doorway in the Union building stood contributions to the University’s musical stage: singing, dancing, and acting talent, each one waiting his turn. T^hey were trying out for parts in “Sweethearts,” current Varsity Show, to be presented April 18-20. Some Picture “She’s pretty as a picture, bloomin’ as a rose,” welled from the throats of approximately one hundred hopefuls. “Grace in every movement, charm in every pose,” ... on and on sang an auditioner in the hopes that his or her voice would strike the fancy of a member of the Control Board as they supervised the auditions. Down the hall, other auditioners displayed their qualities as a po-
tential Clark Gables or Bette Davis’s as he or she read a few lines from the script. Then came the surprise! To the strains of a familiar waltz, contestants improvised a few dance "steps, or maybe formed a dance partnership with a try-out leader. According to Albert P. Stewart, member of the control board, the cast will include about 66 parts, 16 principals and a supporting cast of 40. The chorus of 40 will include 20 eds and 20 co-eds who will play the parts of soldiers, peasants, servants, and laundresses. Members of the board of control include John Dietrich, busings; Albert P. Stewart, singing; W, L. Deam, singing and acting; Jack Miller, staging; Joe Regains, orchestra.
Them Were The Times There were times when the game looked bright for the Boilermakers. Beretta and Fisher opened with free throws, Armstrong committing both fouls. Then the same Armstron came back as he did later in the evening, and more than made up for his fouls by sending Indiana ahead 3-2, Sprowl’s free throw tied it up, then the Gold and Black shot ahead 9-3 as Sprowl went under for a basket and Tierney sank two more. With half of the first period gone the Boilermakers still held a six point lead, 20-14, and everything looked rosy, although the Hoosiers had indicated that they had a smoothly running, well organized offensive. Half Lost At Half Armstrong and McCreary made up the defiicit in a couple of minutes, and in the last seven minutes of the first half Indiana added 10 more points, to leave the floor with a 30-26 lead. A heated battle all the way, the game eached its highest spots of entertainment during that last half. Huffman committed his fourth personal foul with nine minutes left in the game. The crowd went into hysterics as the electric scoreboard registered 43-42, but the Boilermakers never again came that close. Small consolation for the Boilermakers was the fact that one of their own men, Frosty Sprowl, took scoring honors for the evening, dropping in seven baskets and two free throws. Dan Fisher got a lot more tries from the free throw lane, but the Hoosiers handled his under-the-backboard play with comparative ease. Dro-McCreary “Frijole” McCreary was one of the most dangerous Hoosiers. Before he commenced his own side show he had contributed nobly to the Cream and Crimson, totalling five baskets and one free throw. Dro was too accurate on his long shots, making good on six and adding a charity toss to lead the Hoosier scorers. Armstrong was as good as he was on his home floor. Statistics for the game show five niore shots taken by the Hoosiers and five more baskets. In each half they managed to outhit the Boilermakers. Don Blanken took the most shots, 23, but had bad luck (as luck goes) on many close ones. Dro, an the other hand, made six out of 15 shots. The story might be retold by the fact, brief as it is, that Purdue made
only half a dozen baskets in the second period. Horst’s Zouaves Perform Perhaps the brightest spot of ^the evening for disappointed Purdue students was the unequalled Zouave squad, which tramped onto the floor between halves and went through its popular movements under the leadership of ‘Captain Frank Hurst.
Indiana (51) B FT Armstrong 3 5 McCreary 5 1 Menke, W 1 0 Huffman 2 0 Dro 6 1 Schaefer 3 2 Zimmer 1 0 BVancis 0 0
P TP
21 9 18 51
P TP
Frosh Meet With Exponent Editors Exponent freshmen met with junior and senior members of J^e staff in the west faculty lounge yesterday afternoon in the first of a series of training meetings which will be held this month. Junior editors outlined the general organization, and work on the paper. Any freshmen who are interested in working on the Exponent who have not signed up with Bill Frederick, managing editor, should do so at once.
Purdue (45) B FT Blanken 3 3 Sprowl 7 2 Fisher 3 5 Tierney 2 0 Beretta 0 3 Nuetzal 0 0 Igney 1 0 Korschot 0 0 Yeager 0 0 Caress 0 0
16 13 14 46 Indiana Florists Will Attend IBth Annual Conference March 6-7 Approximately 360 Indiana flower growers are expected to attend the 13 annual Indiana Florists Conference to be held at the University Wednesday and Thursday, in co-op-eration with the Indiana State Florists’ Conference. Ways and means of improving yields, quality and stadiscussed. bility of florists’ products will be Bedding plants for retail florists,' availability of cut flowers and future possibilities, merchandising and salesmanship and floral demonstrations will be the topics to be discussed on Wednesday by Norman Stanley, Indianapolis; Wayne Clark, Connersville; C. D. Hubbard, Terre Haute; and Inez B. Williams, Columbus, O. Dr. Laurenz Greene, head of the University horticulture department, wil) preside at the morning session, while Clarence Greene, Indianapolis, will be in charge during the af-' ternoon. A “Floral Musical” will be held Wednesday evening in the Union ballroom starting at 8 o'clock. Ralph Baur, Indianapolis, will be in charge of the Thmsday momiiig program. Many of the florista are bringing flowering creatiims with them to display before the confers ence. This display is not to be a flower show as such, but rathw an opportunity for florists to exchange ideas on flower breeding.PURDUE EXPONENT
Suxulay. Nktrch 3«;^l940
Explorers Find Union Attic Empty
Br Skooter Witti all due apologies to Union officials (Val in particular) we are about to disclose certain secrets of the top-most floor of the Union, heretofore kept in the dark, which were uncovered through the dangerous exploitations of a two-man sabotage party. Croing Up ... Heading in the general direction of up, our saboteurs left the subbasement level at 6 p. m, and spent 23 minutes and 4 seconds getting to their destination, the attic. The purpose of this spine-freezing mission was to inspect the secret workings of the machinery for raising and lowering the big door that seprooms. arates the old and the new ballLaunching themselves into the empty darknesfe (so they thought) they carefully felt their way thru
the blackness toward the place where the door mechanisms should have been. Off Tackle On A Beam Across endless spans of catwalks, among heavy “I” beams, over and imder grotesque air ducts they wended their way. Hours passed with no results except for a detour into the new men’s bum room (its got a back entrance, too), two burned fingers from holding matches and one gashed eye-brow acquired on an off-tackle smash trying to get away from a window through which they happened to get a lock at a co-ed. What did they find up there? Well, we asked the saboteurs that same question and they said, “Nothing especially outside of just plain stuff, but the ride down on the elevator was fun.”
(Hficers Training P And G Home Ec Director
Will Address Classes lues.
Classes Wiii Begin Mon.; Last All Week West Lafayette police officers will take orders and probably notes too when they attend the Traffic Officers Training School at the University which starts tomorrow and will continue through Saturday, accordingfcto Ivan Miller, chief of the West Lafayette police force. Classes Start Monday Classes will begin Monday morning at 10 ai m. in the EE building. Certificates of merit will be awarded at the final luncheon of the training school to those who pass the work satisfactorily. Instruction'will include scientific accident investigation, accident reports and records, safety problems, public speaking tests for drinking drivers, laws of evidence’ and discussion of local traffi<? problems. Sponsors This instruction is being conducted by the Public Safety liistitute in co-operation with the Indiana State from other cities throughout the
Police.
Twenty-six Indiana policemen state have enrolled in the training school, Joseph L. Lingo, safety specialist on the Purdue Safety Institute, said yesterday. Northwestern Grapplers Pin Riveter Matmen Purdue’s wrestling squad lost to a well; balanced mat squad from Northwestern, 14-12, last night in the Fieldhouse. This contest was a finale to the Purdue-Indiana basket ball contest. Evidently the defeat of the Boilermaker net squad had slightly undermined the moral of the local wrestlers for they did not seem possessed with the usual pep characteristic of them. Last Monday night the Purdue team drew a tie with the Wildcats at Evanston. Fredricks Still Undefeated Casey Fredricks, the Purdue entrant in the 128 pound division, won over his opponent to remain undefeated in intercollegiate wrestling so far this year. The only fall of the evening was accomplished by Greening of the Northwestern squad. The Wildcat coach has put high hopes in this man Greening to place in the forthcoming Intercollegiate Wrestling meet, and Greening bolstered these hopes by pinning his man in 2 minutes and 44 seconds. Following the regular bouts, representatives of both schools put on two exhibition matches. Entrants in these matches were inexperienced men who have made a good showing for this season, and who will comprise part of the varsity squads for each school next year. Summary Results of the meet were as follows: 121 lbs,, Anderson (P) lost to Captain Gluckman (NW) by a decision; 128 lbs., Fredricks (P) decisioned Hollister (NW); 136 lbs.. Greening pinned Lindeman in 2 minutes an{( 44 seconds; 146 lbs., Papurca (P) lost by a decision to McMillan (NW); 165 lbs.. Captain Willey (B) l^^i ^0 Watson (NW) by a decision; 1Lfi5 Ibs.j Ferguson (NW) decisioned Montgomery (P); 176 lbs., Aronson (P) won by a decision over Truben (NW), In the heavyweight division, A. Rossi (P) decisioned Vavrus (NW),
Eleanor Ahern, director of the home economics department of the Proctor and Gamble Company, will speak Tuesday at 11 a. m. to the classes in Survey and Commercial Demonstration in the home economies auditorium. Miss Ahern will tell of the work done in the home economics laboratories of Proctor and Gamble and discuss the opportunities in the commercial home economics field. 200 Couples ... danCed to recorded music of leading bands at the PIA tea. dance, sponsored especially for the visiting students from Indiana, in the Union ballroom yesterday from 3:30 to 5:30. Many students from our sister school enjoyed the dance.
Theta Tau
... professional engineering fraternity, announces the pledging of Clarence Beckert, Chicago, 111.; Kenneth Stafne, Duluth, Minn.; Russel I. Robinson, Chicago, 111.; and Charles Good, Warren.
Noticed
No noticeo will be accepted after 8 p. m.
Cosmopolitan Club : Initiation of pledges Sunday, March 3, at 4:30 p. m. in room 306 of the Union. Please attend. —WEINBACH.
Scabbard and Blade: Members wishing to. fire on the Scabbard and Blade rifle team report to Fieldhouse Rifle Range at 7:16 p. m, Monday, March 4, and Wednesday,, March 6. —CLARK.'
Activities Bureau: Important compulsory meeting on Tuesday, March 6, for all Activities Bureau Staff members (seniors, juniors, sophomores, and freshmen.) —BREUER.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, March 6, at 7 :30 p. m., in room 264 of the Electrical Engineering building. Everyone is urged to attend. —PITCHER.
Fraternity Freshmen: Meeting Wednesday, March 6, at 4 p. m. in room 204 of the Union'. —BALDWIN.
Union Workers: There will be a meeting of the entire music room staff Monday, March 4, at 4:16 p. m. in the Union office. —TILT.
Undergraduate Dames: Open House Tuesday, March 6, at 8 p. m., in room 363 of the Union. —DENZLER.
WAA Fencing: There will be practice Monday, March 4, at 4 p. m. in the women’s gym. —STICKLER.
Scriveners: Meeting Sunday, March 3, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 303 of the Union. Bring manuscripts. —MUNRO.
Ag Chem. Club: Open meeting Wednesday, March 6, at 7:30 p. m. in the picture room of the Union. Motion pictures. —HARPER.
Scriveners: Meeting Sunday, March 3, at 7:30 p. m. in room 303 of the Union. Bring manuscripts. —MUNRO.
BOB BURNS TMntOHNISSOaRT A Pldw* wtlb CUUnS GEORGE ■ Gene loddiart
-.AND — GLORIA JEAN NAN GREY —■ IN — ''UNDERPUP" _AlSO — 'MICKEY MOUSE'
Co-eds Only
By Ruth Rose “And the rains came!” When the rains come to Purdue, there is nothing to do but fortify yourself with boots, rain coat, and yout best umbrella. Speaking of rainy weather costumes, have you .ever noticed hoW youf brightest clothes will help to cheer you lip on those datfc, gloomy days? Whether it be a bright hair ribbon, a red sweater, or one of the new white rain coats, it will help a lot to chase away those dark clouds. Now that we have worn ourselves out dancing to the tunes of Duke Ellington’s Harlem ' jazz Friday night, and cheering for the team at the game last night, it’s tiihe to start thinking of next week-end. On Friday night, of course, there’s the informal Gold Peppers dance. If you girls don’t have your dates, you’d better hurry because the Gold Peppers are promising one of the best co-ed dances of the year. —c-o— Saturday night the humble penny will come into its own at the annual Penny Carnival sponsored by Sportswomen in the women’s gym. Admission to the booths and concessions, sponsored by the residence halls and sorority houses, will be gained by payment of a penny toll. In addition td the booths, there will be special entertainment and dancing. Sounds like fun, so why don’t you plan to come and bring your date? —c-o— The clever new jewelry now being shown will certainly do a lot to lend that “springy” touch to winter clothes which now seem so dull. Among the more interesting things we have seen are a string of brightly lacquered kernels of corn to be worn around the neck. This bit of ■ decoration will add color to any costume. Something entirely new and different is a matching necklace and bracelet made from squares of gayly colored sponge (ordinary bath variety). This combination is especially attractive when worn with sweaters and sport dresses.
Wesley Foundation: The regular meeting of the Student Council and the Freshmen Commlsmon ■will he held at breakfast Sunday morning, March 3, at 8 a. m. at the Wesley Foundation House. —McFADDEN.
Union Workers: There ■will be a meeting of the sophomores and freshmen bn the Browsing room committee Monday, March 4, at 4:15 p. m. in the Union office. —HAMMAN.
Gold Peppers: There will be a meeting Tuesday, March 6, in room A of the Union'. Every member is requested to be present. —MITCHELL.
" Christian Science Organization : Regular meeting will be held Tuesday, March 6, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 803 of the Union. —KNIPP.
G. E. 11, 12: An examination' for removal Of "C” and “I” grades will be held Saturday, March 9, at 1 p. m. in room 210. Michael Golden Shops. Students planning to take the examination must make arrangements ■with the undersigned on or before March 9. —RISING.
C. E. 41: An examination for the removal of .“C” grades will be held in room 126, Heavilon Hall, 1 to 4 p. m.. Saturday, March 16. Permission .to take the examination must be obtained from the undersigned prior to Marcli 13. —GREVE.
Gimlet: Bus will leave for Illinois Monday, March 4, at 4:16 p. m. from Union Building. —PERRIN.
MADS NOW PLAYING
.THE BELLE OF THE BADLANDS and HER
ROOTIN’*TOOTIN? . ROMEOf®
r
Mylittfe Joseph CALLEiA • Dick FORAN Donold MEEK > Fuzzy KNIGHT
footnotes
By Chuck Hart With. the UDiversity producing shows like a veritable Bfoadway, we sit back and wonder: We are reminded of the opinion that Easterners'have when they'think about the culture west of the Alleghenys—^ they aren’t exactly sure whether or not the Indians are finally under control . . I We think th^y are . . . F and F Our point is this: believe it or not, Purdue has some good cultural activities . . . We Saw a University audience captivated by a troup of dancers—^male dancers. We noticed that they applauded occasionally at the wrong time, and that they laughed once or twice when things weren’t funny. We may not be the best audience in the country, but w^.. packed the place . Most of us stayed until the final curtain, and non|te of us went to sleep. F and F Furthermore, the whole campus is thinking in terms of “Sweethearts.” (NO, we don’t mean pins, benches,! and moonlit nights; although. there is a lot of that sort of thing.) . . . Rather, we mean Varsity Show of 1940. Can you think of anything better than “Sweethearts” for Varsity Show? F and F “Seventh Heaven” will soon be seen from out front. If we didn’t already know, we could tell by props supplying us with real food for the rehearsals—by presence of scenery, freshly painted, by the feeling of “something in the air” in Fowler Hall.
AB Students: Students interested in secvmng part-time work through the State Employment Service should supply ■the office on North Fourth Street with their present schedule of classes, so the employment officers will know when the students have free time to work. (3-6) —WALTERS.
PIA Dance Class: Due to unforseen difficulties the first meeting of the class will have to be postponed. There will definitely be a meeting Wednesday, March 6, in room 363 of the Union at 7:30 p. m. —LUTZ.
M.E. 30 Non-Chemicals: A makeup test for students in all M.E. 30 non-chemical divisions who were absent from test 1 will be offered Monday, March 4, at 4 p. m. in room 103 of the mechanical engineering building. —COPE.
Lutheran Students: Regular meeting of the Lutheran Students Association will be held Monday, Marc^ 4, at 7:16 p. m. in room 307 of the Union. —^HALL.
M. E. 61 Conditionals: Examination for the removal of conditions in M.E. 61 will be held April 6, at 1 p. m. in room 801 of the mechanical engineering building. All interested parties should notify the undersigned on or before March 23 at noon. —MESSERSMITH.
Reamer Club: Regular meeting Monday, March 4, in room 303, Union, at 8 p. m. Pledges meet in hall at 8 p. m., and be prepared for an oral quiz. Actives 1 Don’t miss the fun. Be there. —REILEY.
Examinations for condition removals in History, Economics and Government: ^ese will be held Saturday, March 9, at 1:00 p. m., room 808, in the Recitation Building. Application must be made in the History office no later than Friday. March 8. —ESTEY.
—TODAY - MONDAY— DOUBLE FEATURE
'Mrs. Chips" and your Bob .. . in grand ro-1 mance with a
PLUS—2ND FEATURE TOt» THIEF! Fiction’s ace scoundrel ip on the loose L
with WARREN JOAN' WILLIAM ★PERRY FIRST LAFAYETTE SHOWING
ByLMity
'New policy !-
-We tell Confucius saying with every laundry bundle over dollar!"
Episcopal Students: The Seabury Club will meet in room 807-of the Union' Sunday, March 3, at 6:46 p. m. Dr. H. B. Nass will speak on “Science and Religions.’’ Members will meet in the west end of the cafeteria for supper at 6 p. m. —LYLES.
Want to Buy a Tux, sixe 40. Cajl J. A. Huffman, 41802.
Russ—Rent-A-Car' Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 71644.
PIA Board: There .will be a meeting of the PIA Board in the office Monday, March 4, at 7:16 p. m. to fill junior! vacancies in • ■the board. Be prompt. —HmSHAW.
Wanted—A Tuxedo, size 38, long. Call Markus. ‘ 8036. FOR RENT For Rent—7 Room House, Modern. 3 blocks from Jeff. Phone 66092;
Classified Ads
FOB SAUI FOB SALE—Typewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable znacbinea as low as $ra.76. Snppliea. G. F. Eberahoff, 60S Main street.
For Rent—Well furnished sleeping room. Private. Residence. Phone 66092 after 6. (3-3, 6. 6)
LOST AND FOUND Lost—Phi Mu sorority pin. Name on back. Call 66218. Reward. Janet Gaylord.
LOST—Sorority pin Si^a Kappa, Cameo bracelet Alpha Gamma Kappa. Call Doris Muth 2127. , Lost—Black Carter’s fountain pen. Finder please call, Fisher. 31762. Reward.
Lost: Brown wallet in fieldhouse after game. Return to R. H; Templeton, Delta Upsilon. Reward.
FRfD
Miim OF 1940 eorge MURPHY • Frank MORGAN^ Ian HUNTER » Wprence^WCE ♦ Lynne CARVER, Starts TODAY
MaiiI
NOW SHOWING TWO FIRST RUN HITS
Lusty sons of the fighting legions, roaring in glory to adventures with bandits and a blonde!
PLUS-
The Fastest-, Maddest, Merriest Adventure in Higgins Family History! "money TO BURN" —with-— lames - Russel - Liicile Gleason Harry Davenport - yommy Ryan
' r'f*i ^ ‘li J It' iV> '*,P TI % |(i -«)/ f t t p> -t t'f ^ ij f ‘ , «i, ^ ^ ' " , ! I I . * r ,
f /'
itja
-M (
/ ) ( j ^
» .lA 's" ’^1 ■J-'r
i ,
Sunday, Mdi'dh 3, 1940
^xpxmahL SpefdbL fiaqiL
Boileraiaker Swimmers Win Three Way AAeet At lU
Indiana Thinlies Defeat Riveter Trackmen, 49-39
With team strength a determining factor, the Boilermaker cinder men dropped a 49 to 39 decision to Intiiaha in a dual meet at Bloomington yesterday afterhoon. Using a novel system of scoring originated by the Riveter coach, Hermon Phillips* and tried for the first time last season, three representatives from each team compete in the event, and the team whose trio turns in the best collective times is the victor in the event. Holderman Wins However, three events were scored on individual performance, which is the method of scoring most commonly used in college track. These were the mile run, 60 yard dash, and the two mile run. Ed Holderman, ace distance man, was the lone Riveter to emerge victor in any of these races, the win coming in the two mile run. In the closest event of the afternoon, a Boilermaker trio of pole vaulters—Campbell, Edwards, and Lovett, combined their efforts to eke out a win over the Hoosier vaulters. The total height of the three Riveters’ efforts was 36 feet, an average of 12 feet per man, just one eighth of an inch more than the lU total. The summary is as follows: Mile run—Kane, lU, first; Daniels, lU, second; Broertjes, third. Time: 4:12.8. 60 yard dash—Cochran, lU, first; Boyle, lU, second; Rankin, P, third. Time: :06.3. 60 yard shuttle high hurdles— lU, first. (Three man team.) Two mile run—^Holderman, P,
first; Hedges, lU, second; Persinger, lU, third. Time: 9:31 minutes. Two mile relay—lU, first (Kane, Co0htan, Hedges, Hoke). 60 yard low hurdlOs (shuttle relay)—Purdue, first (Rankin, Stroyeck, Wente, and Kersey). Time: 28:08. One mile relay—lU, first (Cochran, Boyle, Riley, and Jenkins). Time: 3.26 minutes. Pole vault—Purdue, first (Campbell, Edwards, Lovett). Total hgh., 36 ft. Shot put—Harris, lU, first; Weber, P, second; Uremovich, lU, third. Distance: 48 ft. 3 inches. High Jump—lU, first (Mikulas, Harris, Burnett). Total height: 17 ft. 4 inches. Broad jump—Purdue, first (Rankin, Tycocki, Denzler). Total distance, 66 ft., 3 inches. I \ Boxing Tourney March 13 With eight beautiful trophies to give away., Joe Benna is looking for lucky Purdue eds to give them to. One of the featured attractions of the annual Athletic Carnival on March 13 will be a boxing tournament open to any men who may be interested. There will be eight weight divisions and each contestant will fight only once. Men who were in the Golden GloVe elimination bouts for the Boilermakers will fight in their respective weights and they may be challanged by any other entry.
IhsL
U^sJaomsL—
here never cJims. We urge you to bring your friends and relatives. They will enjoy the accomodations of a first class hotel, plus the at-
mosphere of a home.
JhjL TdjuofL ^luJb
“CL SijmboV— of friendship and warmth. Let us mean that to you.
JhSL / fiWvduJL TthimsfimL UnlotL The Comer of the Campus-^ Yet the Center of Activities
Ohio State, Indiana Will Fight For Share The fates frowned upon the Boilermaker basketeers last night, and as a result, the importance attached to the battle to be staged upon the mini hardwood tomorrow night assumes gigantic proportions not only in the eyes of 8,000 Boilermaker fans praying that the current season be wound up with the Boilermaker unit sitting right on top of the Big Ten heap, but the eyes of the entire conference, Indiana and Ohio State, particularly, will be riveted on the result of the all-impor-tant game, for one of them still stands in line to share conference honors. For IP the Boilermakers fall to the mini, the vistor of what will also be a classic scrap between the Hoosiers and Ohio State, would be in the position to crawl right up onto the Big Ten throne alongside Purdue. Illinois, in last night’s terrific scoring duel with the Hawkeyes, came out on the short end of a 6247 score, automatically eliminating them from consideration as far as championship honors go. But Ohio State is still fighting hard for its place in the sun asevidenced by a 51-32 victory over Michigan, and the Hoosiers will step onto the Hardwood facing what will probably be an inspired Ohio State, who might well be expected to play their hardest game of the season. But all this mathematical juggling and figuring is still contingent upon one thing—a Boilermaker defeat tomorrow night; so it seems that there will be more than one inspired ball team playing basketball tomorrow. The boys wearing the Gold and Black, who step upon the mini flodr tomorrow night will be fighting to clinch a Big Ten championship, and the team is determined to wipe out the effects of last night’s fall by doing' just that.
Varsity Racqueters Trouace Freshman Squash Squad, 5-0 In five hotly contested matches, which belied the top-heavy score of 6-0, the varsity “B” squash squad ran over the first five men on the freshman varsity yesterday afternoon on the fieldhouse courts. Kolbfleisch, number one on the frosh elimination ladder, along with Hartley, who is number six man, each managed to get at least one game before falling to the varsity opposition, and green potter Norm Goldstein, playing in the number three spot, forced his opponent into extra points on two occasions before finally falling to superior experience. The summary . .. Bond (Varsity) 3, Kolbfleisch (Fr.) 1; Adams (Varsity) 3, Green (Fr.) 0; Smith (Varsity) 3, Goldstein (Fr.) 0; Bremerman (Varsity) 3; Marks (Ft.) 0; Murray (Varsity) 3, Hartley (Fr.) 0. LaBree Victorious In Squash Contest; Downs Fehring, 3-2 Coming up from behind after having dropped the first two games, tennis Coach Larry LaBree swept through the next three games to down Dutch Fehring, basketball and baseball mehtor, ahd cop number one honors in the All-Campus handicap squash tourney. The final score, in games, was 3-2. The match climaxed an exciting and closely contested eliminations from which Fehring had emerged victorious after having beaten Elmer Burnham/ 'freshman football coach, in three straight games.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Ppofeteionel
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic OR. PAM. A. RISK OR. UmtER A. RISK OR. HAROLD ). RISK 4«R fr Mrin PtMWM 3701
"DEAC" ' Everything for a College Education
• Dairy Products
e Florists
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phono 46214
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowerg Main at 7th Phone 6050
• Locksmith
• Hardware
KEYS & LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padtocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bk^les, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPTS 209-n N. 5th St. Phone 2828
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354.
Four Firsts Give Riveter Tankmen 57-50 Victory Over lU; Four State Records Fall By virtue of four .first places includingr three state records knocked higher than Dr. Picard’s balloons,, the Riveter Swimming squad returned victorious from down Bloomington way, with the Indiana and DePauw swimming aggregates left hang-
ing onto the short end of the score. An awakened and spirited Boilermaker squad left no doubt as to how the meet was going to go, when on the very first event, the 300 yard medley relay, saw Boilermakers Anderson and Kratzer fairly bum up the pool in clipping 4.4 seconds from the existing record, with a time of 3:13.8. The Indiana squad took second honors with DePauw trailing. Not wasting a second in piling up the points, sophomore flash Dick Kratzer broke up the second record of the evening by racing 220 yards just 6.3 seconds faster than anyone else had ever done. Dick's record
time was 2:22.4. One For I. U.
The 50 yard free style fell to Indiana, but they had to break a record themselves, to do it, with Benedetti swimming the distance in :24.8 to break the existing record of 24 seconds. The fancy diving competition gave DePauw their only first place. Sellers, DePauw springboard artist, linging up with a total of
291 points.
And again Kratzer, one of the most outstanding individuals of the entire meet, came to the fore in the 100 yard free style with teammates Branner and Herr keeping that point total out in front by taking both the third and fourth spots. Time for the event was 57.2 seconds, h scant one second under the
record.
fittidttlClL Qhoksi By Robert J. Decksrd
“It was terrible,” cracked one co-
ed.
“The refereeing wuz awful,” ad
libbed an ed.
“Purdue was careless,” chimed in
an elderly spectator.
—^fc—
With the co-ed and ed, we agree most vehemently concerning last p. m.’s game ... It was the closest conniving between a team and arbiters in a basketball game we have ever witnessed ... In certain respects, one might call it “assault and battery,” with the Purdue Boilermakers listend as defendants.
—^fc—
Yet, according to the rules and regulations, the officials are always right ... We don’t blame Coach Piggy Lambert for making his leaps from the bench to diverse parts of the playing floor . . . And, if you had only one eye open, you couldn’t miss some of the most pugnacious exhibition of basketball that has ever been shown on the home floor, with our “friends” dOwnstate leading the show . . . But, as we have said, the officials are absolutely “right” when they call a foul, etc.
—^fc—
But, on the other hand, the Boilermakers were equally as careless as well as the refereeing and sportsmanship was lousy ... Apparently, the lads got out of the wrong side of the bathtub yesterday morning. ... They passed the sphere with utter abandon They didn’t rebound as well as we’ve seen them do . . . They missed a dozen ^ and one set
shots.
In short, the Boilermakers didn’t play ball.
—^fc—
Danny Fisher, ye ole standby, played his heart out to stem the Cream and Crimson advance • . . Freddie Beretta, another standby, was in on as many plays as he could “stand” . . . Frosty Sprowl made shot after shot until he was blue m the face . . . Mickey Tierney blocked passes and plays incessantly .. . But, the final score; another thing, mind you!
—^fc—
So an early chance of negotiating an undisputed 1939-40 Big Ten crown slipped away ... Apparently, the idea is never do today what you can do tomorrow . . . But tomorrdw we have another story . . , Over in Champaign the Riveters lock horns with Illinois, one of the scrappingest team on its home floor that ever played host to anybody.
—^fc—
Watch your step, lads . . . An undisputed Big Ten title is at stake. Inundating Illinois is the only thing left . . . Hop to it!
Quality, workmanship, fast dependable service. Give us a try.
THE LOWEST PRICES THAT QUALITY PERMITS
Record No. 4 Benedetti, seemingly Indiana’s number one merman, then proceeded to break the fourth record of this record-smashing meet, taking ,6 off the 150 yard backstroke record of 1:51.2. Teammate Klafs followed, with a new record of 2:40.0 in the 200 yard Breast stroke, which is just 4.4 seconds over the State record. Two distance events then wound up the program, and Graham opened up by leading the pack in the 440 yard Free Style with a time of 5:18.7. Graham came within an ace of breaking another record for the Boilermakers, his time being only .9 seconds under the record. Purdue finished up the program with another record, this ^ime in the 400 yard Free Style Relay. Time was 3:48.9. ■ ^ Position summary: 300 Yard Medley Relay—Purdue (Anderson, Tingely, Kratzer, Branner) first; Indiana (Boaz, Klafs, Beggs, Marsh) second. Time, 3:13.8 (new record). 220 Free Style —Kratzer (Purdue) first; Pakucko (Indiana) second; Graham (Purdue) third. Time, 2.22.4 (new record). 50 Yard Fi'ee Style—Benedetti (Indiana) first; Marsh (Indiana) secoi^d; Herr (Puidue) third. Fancy Diving—Sellers (DePauw) fiist; Hall (Indiana) second; Briggs (Purdue) third. 100 Yard Free Style—^Kratzer* (Purdue) first; Marsh (Indiana) second; Branner (Purdue) third. 160 Yard Back Stroke—^Benedetti (Indiana) first; Boaz (Indiana) second; Mecredy (Purdue) third. Time, 1:45.6 (new record). 200 Yard Breast Stroke—^Klafs (Indiana) fiist; Tingley (Purdue) second; Frank (Purdue) third. Time, 2:40.0 (new lecord). 440 Free Style—Graham (Purdue) first; Pakucko (Indiana) second; Thomas (Indiana) third. 440 Free Style Relay—Purdue, fiist; Indiana, second; DePauw, thud. Time,-3:48.9 (new record).
LEARN TO DANCE BY ENROLLING IN OUR NEW BEGINNER’S CLASS Wed. MarcK 6th 7:00 p. m. ' NEW ADVANCED CLASS Thars. March 7th 7 KIO p.iii. A private lesson will be given free of charge to those who were vnabte to attend the first lesson. PHONE 2150 AlJJKN*8Wh mi Kmqr
‘’71- ‘ ^
'WbbS.
■ .V ■
■ J?.'''’
I ^ -^4
PUtoUE EXPONENT
Sunday, March 3# 1340
? ’
4%
Blit
By Vladimir ^ Today we are going to take a swipe at 'Uie hand that feeds us. In shorty we are going to say things, not good things, about the Exponent, It is impossible for us to say just what prompted this outburst, but here it comes—especially for you, PIA. ^ ^ % It seems that a certain man walked into the Exponent office one day a few weeks ago and turned in the following notice: PIA Dance Glass: First meeting Wednesday, February 28^ at 7:00 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. Must have dance tickets and membership cards. ' ^ —CARL LUTZ. Well, the old Exponent came through and the next morning, February, 24, the notice appeared, CORRECTXY. But Mr. Lutz had changed his mind. Into the office he came, thanked the staff for. the co-operation on the ^ first notice, and said he would like to change the date of it to Thursday, February 29. So another PIA dance class notice was written, with that date in it. * Next morning Mr. Lutz was amazed to see in print, not only the new notice, but also the old one! Into the office he rushed! “Look at these!” he yelled, pointing to the two notices. “It’s on Thursday,” he said, “You’re getting the PIAers all confused.” So.a conscientious staff member wrote the notice up, with the class called for Thursday as it should be. Next morning, guess what — All three of the notices appeared! This gave Thursday a two-thirds majority over Wednesday, but Mr. Lutz still wasn’t satisfied. According to him, the dancers were still confused. So, admitting its horrible mistakes, the Exponent agreed to print a story With the right date:—^which by the way, Mr. Lutz changed to Wednesday, March 6. At the same time a notice was written. Next morning which by now IS Wednesday, February 28, the notice appeared correctly. And the story appeared correctly. But unfortunately.
Purdue Eicponent R. E. liukr B<Ut«r-ia-Cl^cf W. E, Smith BnsinMa Manager D. G. Terrio, editorial director: G. W. Frederick, managinsr editor: E. M. Antonini, aenior adyertiaina maitager: G. Schilliiur, co-^ editor: R. Jenkiiu, sports cditpr. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 ■ t ■ Ehitered aa aecoad eiaas matter at the peat ofllaa ia Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of ConyreM of MmtA 8, 1879, and at tho ajmolal rate of pootaco proridOd lor in section IlOS, act of October 8. 1817, aothorhMd Jaanary 1922, Fublhdied daily except Moi^y darlnar the rernlar academic year and weekly dorinc the Sonuner SeMioa. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.89 per year, mail suh* scription 88.50. .. Represented for national advertHins by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Pnblishera R^reeentativea, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. All unsigned editorials are written by the editorial director. Night Editor, Willsey Day Editor, Simpson Issue Editor, Purcell Sunday, March 3, 1940.
the head writer got the wrong idea and stated that the class “Will Be Held Tomorrow,” which calculations showed,to be February 29 and NOT March 6. Upshot of all this was that everything pertaining to the PIA Dance Class was burned, and both the Exponent and Mr. Lutz rolled up their sleeves for a fresh start. Thursday morning, February 29, the notice appeared in all its glory. The class WOULD be held on Wednesday, March 6, and there was nothing to dispute that. But there was a little catch phrase. Someone flirted with danger.. The last line of the notice said, “Watch for future notices.” We did. And we found them. Both of them appeared yesterday morning. We are proud and happy to report that they were agreed on the date and time. But while one said it would probably be held in the ballroom, the other said it would be held in room 363! i So as thW\ situation now stands, the PIAers know when to go, but they don’t know where. * * * Those poor dancers. ♦ * * (Editor’s Note: For further details see today’s notice column.)
By Hank Miller News has come to our ears that students in some speech classes will have to listen to the University of Chicago Round Table discussioh this afternoon. It may be heard at 1:30 over WMAQ and the topic for discussion is “Economic Issues and 1940.” -7—0~©— Here is an orchid to Dick Pittenger and the cast of “Round Robin,” the play presented yesterday of WBAA’s Radio Stage at 1 p. m. The program was one of the best of the season and all concerned deserve credit, especially Pittenger who adapted and directed it. A good transcription for WBAA will be assured when Jan Savitt brings his orchestra here for the Cary Club Formal late in May. Nice going, Cary Clubbers. WENR’s “Music You Want When You Want It” tonight at midnight will present Rachmaninoff and the Philadelphia Orchestra playing
Christian Foundation . . . . will hold open house at the student pastor’s home, 126 CHauncey, this afternoon from 2:30: to 4:30 o’clock. RefreShnients will be served. All students and others interested are invited to attend.
Rachmaninoff’s “The Isle of the , Dead.” Babin and Vronsky will play “Rachmaninoff’s Suite No. 2 For Two Pianos.”
Feathers may fly tonight. Gracie Allen, the female half 6f the Bums and Allen show will visit Jack Benny’s program tonight to launch her campaign for president in the hopes that she may be the nation’s first chief executive. During the coming weeks, she will make numerous appearances on programs emenating from Hollywood.
The first of a series of Alec Templeton programs to come from Hollywood will be heard tomorrow night at 8:30. Scheduled foir the Templeton treatment is the song, “Last Night’s Gardenias.”
Kentzel, Walkey Enfeiiain After Dairy Club Banquet Staff members, dairy students, . short course students and: guests attended the annual banquet of the Purdue Dairy Club held in the Home Economics Cafeteria Wednesday night. After thO dinner the group was Entertained with music and novelty acts by Mr. Kentzel and y Dr. Walkey. Prof. H. W. Gregory, head of the Dairy School, introduced the guests including Mr. Hockema, assistant to President Elliott, Mr. Lambert, assistant director of th©/ Agricultural School, Assistant Dean V. C. Freeman, and new members of the staff. K. C. Boxell and Prof. J. H. Hilton presented awards to the Dairy Products and Dairy Production judging teams. The address of the evehiDg was given by Dean H. J. Reed, head of the Agriculture Extension. The banquet committee was com- / posed of Max Meyers, Victor Stine, Robert Ralston, Tim Blosser and Jack Anderson.
T
Today in the absence 01 our regular dispenser of campus dirt we of the staff present this collection of poetry which we found in similar columns throughout the country. —B&B— After the bell is over; After the class is through. Why must you keep us waiting. When there’s so much to do? When we’ve a scant ten minutes. Going from class to class—Lockers are hard to open— Minutes are bound to pass. E’en tho you keep on talking. Outside the hallways jam. None of us ever listen. All of us want to scram. There is a time for working — There is a time for play; Save what you have to tell us. There’ll be another day. We can’t help being restless. After twenty minutes to .. . Mail boxes must be looked at. Library books are due. O, after the bell is over After the class is done. Dear Prof., if you keep me waiting, Some day I’ll break and run. Things Would be much more cozy. Life in this college swell. If you could only cease lectures — After the bell. , Chico State College Chico, California. —B & B— “Exams ^re just like women. This statement is quite right; They ask you foolish questions. And keep you up all night. —B & B— Bock is back and to the “better boys on the campus” we dedicate this bit from the Colorado Dodo. There’s the beautiful love of a wonderful maid, And the love of a staunch, true man; And the love of a baby that’s unafraid, And all have existed since time began. But the most beautiful love and love of loves, Even greater than that \ of a mother. Is the passionate, tender infinite love, Of one dead drunk for another. —B & B— And with a ditty dedicated to those with one o’clock lectures we clbse our bit for the day. Let’s hope the regular dirt slinger can stagger
Japanese Leader Will Arrive Today Toru Matsumoto, general secretary of the Japanese Students Christian Association, and member of the committee for Friendly Foreign Relations will meet anyone who wishesi to speak with him this afternoon from 1:15 to 2:15 o’clock in the old faculty lounge of the Union. Matsumoto, who is on his way through Lafayette, will stop for only a few hours., Students and faculty are welcome to meet him., Cosmopolitan Club Will Initiate New Members In Union This Afternoon Cosmopolitan club will initiate 15 persons this afternoon at 4:30 o’clock in the Union. Following the initiation ceremony, a buffet supper will be served in honor of the new members. Of the 60 members of the organization, more than half are foreign students whose home lands include China, Turkey, Hawaii, Latvia, France, Holland, Germany, Brazil, Puerto Rico, Mexico, Canada, and England. Although the greater number of members are foreign, American students may and are urged to join by Prof. Baldwin, faculty advisor.
Ag Chemistry Fellowship Awarded To B. W. Beadle Award of an Ag Chemistry Fellowship worth .$1,000 in the Department of Agricultural Chemistry and given by the General Foods Corporation was made last week. The fellowship has been awarded to B. W. Beadle, who holds a bachelor’s and also a masters’ degree from Kansas State Agricultural College where he has been teaching since 1935 and doing graduate work. He will continue his studies here and work on the research problem of carotenoid pigment of vegetables in relation to their vitamin activity. • Phi Kappa Tau . . . fraternity house wa? robbed Thursday night sometirne between midnight and 4 a. m. Police officials think that the thief entered, through a basement window. Estimated loss of the fraternity members is $85.
The Book that tells the story of— smUu
As Chosen from the Purdue Co-eds Find beautiful professional full page photographs of your favorites, and also included in this section will be seen the 20 runners up.
mo
0ebjijUL
^omptehL QampuA, ^oosOiaqiL
mo
Silver Mask
... fencing honorary, announces the pledging of the following men: William A. Reade, Jersey City, N. J.; Hugh M. Redhead, Lagrange, Illinois; Hugh M. DelValle, New Rochelle, N. Y.; Cecil R. Oakes, Port Wayne; James H. Parks, Marion; Robert F. Abell, Chicago, 111.; Don W. Partridge, Kenosha, Wis,; Claud D. Swaim, Roswell, N. M.; Harry V. Burl, Peru; and Robert P. Baumau, Buffalo, N. Y.
back to work after the game last night. Now I set me down to sleep The lecture’s long, The supject deep If he should stop before I wake Some one kick me For goodness' sake! —B & B— We dedicate this little ditty to our lecture profs: Bees are buzzing, birds are singing, Brooklets roar; Lambs are bleating, bells are ringing, Students snore!
U. S. Govt. Graded Beef FRESH {JafdofL MEATS CSompare your present canned good prices with our summer purchased BIRDSEYE prices on the following Fruits and Vegetables
BROCCOU
CAULIFLOWER
SPINACH SQUASH
PEAS
ASPARAGUS
CORN
LIMA BEANS
PEACHES
STRAWBERRIES BLUEBERRIES RASPBERRIES
FROZEN BIRDSEYE VEGETABLES UFAYEUE FOOD LOCKERS 5355 - PHONES - 2971