'('•’■'i i''‘ '■ ^^ “ >. y ' ‘ . , '"( 'i' ' '/' '</'''"■ ‘ . ' ' '. . , ' ' * ■ -y .;..V5^/w|4‘-%ij
\
EASTER SUNDAY Dawns on a World at War; See Page 2
\ >
Eitabliihed 1889
X434meM 9 Daily Sine* 1906
PRESIDENT ELUOtT Will P^tch Tuesday, Against Ramblers
Volume 53, No. >160
West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, April 5, 1942
Convocation Will Feature Golds Defeat Blacks 19-7, To End ^11th Annual Football Clinic Program
San Carlo Troupe To Present Comic Performance; S^vetat Soloists Will Appear On Classical Program “The Barber of Seville," a comic opera, was first presented in Rome in 1816 will be presented by the San Carlo Opera company in the Music Hall next Saturday night. The doors will be open at 6:45 p. m. and the performance will begin at 7:30. The original date for the ap-
pearance^of the opera was set for
tjid^ night of Aj)ril 16. CotU posed by Itossinc
The opera Was the first Italian opera ^iVen in this country, having been produced in New York in May, 1819. “The Bhrber of Seville” was composed by Rossine who completed the score in thirteen days, working with baffling speed and facility. The San Carlo troupe will include such stars as Eugene Conley, tenor playing the leading role of Count Almaviva; Grace Panvini, singing the role of Rosina; Harold Kravitt
and Richard Wentworth in the parts ieutation committee will hold a call-
AWS Will Hold Coed Callout For Counselors Office Candicfafes Meet Tomorrow
A.ssociated Women Students' or-
of Basilio and Bartolo; Louise Warx'en, mezzo contralto who was recently discovered by musical director Carlo Peroni a few weeks ago in the Brooklyn Academy of Music, as Bertha; and Ivan Petroff, bari-
tone, as Figaro. Plot Laid in Spain
“The Barber of Seville” is in three acts. The first is laid in the streets of Seville, Spain in the early
out meeting for all coeds who are inter-ested in acting as counselors foi' the fall term, tomorrow at 4 p. m. in I'oom 213 of Stanley Coulter Hall. This meeting is the first in a series of three, and coeds 1o be eligible to participate in the counseling progi'am must attend all
three meetings.
At the first meeting a freshman foi'um representing the different
morning. Act two is in Dr. Bartolo’s I'^'S'dence groups and the transfer
house and the third act is in the same place. The plot centers around Count Almaviva wlio loves llosina, and around Rosina who.se guardian. Dr. llartolo, also wish to hold her affecliUns. Almaviva, though opposed to Bartolo and his fiiend the music master Don na.stilio, is aidefl by the haihcT' Figaro and is in lli(> end successful in wedding Rosina. Many Higlilighl.s Musical highlig'hU in the comic' opera come in the first act with the* tenor aria by Count Almaviva, “Dawn With Her Rosy Manlle,” and Ihe baritone' aria, by Figaro in the gay “Room for tl\e Faclo-
students will discuss “Experiences as a Counselee.” The members of Ihe foium will he Roberta Studehakei', transfer stiulcmt, Virginia Waii'en, WRll; Baihara Bradley, town ghl, and Betty Jane Rjhardy, eo-op house. Mary Lou Laswell, representing the seniors, will talk on “What it Means to he a Conn-
seloi.”
Dean .St rat (on To Speak Ite.'in Stratton will discuss “Piominent Fiesliman Problems” at the second meeting, wliieli will he held on Wednesdiiy, Anril 16. 'Plie spc'akei foi the final meeting, which will he held on Aiinl 22, will bo Mrs. Davis C. MeCuni, - Coun.selor for
turn.” Rosina’s eelehratcd “Una Women at Northweslein Univer-
voce })OHO fa” (A little voice 1 heal) along with Basilio’s, “Slander's Wllispei” liighlights Ihe second act. The popular aria in waltz time “Le.s.^on Scene” by Rosina i.s in the coiieliuling act. Ben Sparks Receives Naval Reserve Post Ben Parks, Jr., graduate of the Univer.sity, has been assigned to
sily. Mrs. McCain will speak on the subject "What Counselors Can Do to llel]) New Students witli theii Pi ohlems.” Members of the committee in charge of the orientation piograin aie Jane VanCoikom, freshman orientation chaiiman; Mary Ellen David, transfer oiientation eliairman, and Beth Ludberg, a.ssistant. AWS Sets Up Ueciiiirenionts In order to he a coun.selor the co-
diily a> an instructor at the United <‘<1 imist meet the following reciiiireStates Naval Air .Station at Pensa- ment.s which AWS has set up as cola, Florida. miniimim essentials; liavo a 3.6 cumSpaik.s recently was graduated illative average; attend all counfiom the eight months’ advanced selor’s meetings (iheetings are flight training school at the station scheduled for one hour only); be and was commissioned an ensign in willing to devote a largo amount of the* United States Naval Reserve, time into helping counseloes the first few day.s of school, then follow through the iest of the yenr; COMMENCEMENT l’ROGR/\MS iissume the responsibility of helpAiiy student who still desires in- ing counseloes adjust to the new vitatinns should report to the Stu- life of college; hp in Lafayette, Frir|ent Senate office between J and day, August 28; realize that soior5 p, m. not later than April 9, 19'12. ity riisli has no place in the eounOnly cash orders will he taken. selitig program either in correspon—1)1 BOS. deuce or in personal contacts.
Morgan Signs For Cary Club Dance Friday
By Bill Tyson
Cary Club members will dance to Russ Morgan and his “music styled in the Moi’gan manner” for their last formal dance of the school year, next Friday night from 8:30 to 11:30, it was announced yesterday by Bob Brewster, social chairman
of Cary Club.
Morgan, whose musical career began when he was 14, has built up an organization which plays "sweet" music as contrasted with swing. His featured vocalists are Phyllis lynne, the feminine member of the ensemble, Paul Pendarvis, George Henry, and Clarence Melter. Morgan, a virtuoso of the trombone, does not confine his musical aliilities to that instrument. He also plays the vibraphone, saxaphone, guitar, celeste and marimba. Morgan Makes Recordings Dui'ing the early part of his musical career, Rus.s Moj'gari became an arranger for both John Phillip Sousa and Victor Herbert. He was affiliated with tlie CJoldliettc Oi'cliestra which included at that time, 'rommy and Jimmy Dorsey, and .Toe Venuti among other now wellknown hand leaders. Tickets for the dance will he available to Cary Club members nexi Tuesday and Wednesday, and no (“orsages will he worn. There will lie no formal dinner hefoie the dance as lliei'c hu.s lieon in former
year.s.
New Officor.s 'I'o Be Annniiticed • DuiJng the interniis.sion, new officers for the chief positions in*Ca!iy Club will he announced and the pres-ident-elect will receive hi.s jiiii of office, 'fhe positions to be announced are, iircsident, vice-presi-dents for each of the fourteen units, social chairman, and hii.siiiess laaii-
agor.
Russ Morgan’s music distinguishes itself from that of mafiy of the other nationally known bands in the country, in that he accompanies his 1)1 ass section with a full string section. His trombone, which he features legularly, is an outstanding addition to the band. Morgan produces groat tonal qualities out of the instrument, and thus enriches the renditions of his hand. FAO Plans Callouts ForFrosh Tuesday Praternit.y Affairs Office will hold a meeting for freshman workers in room 328 of the Union at 4 p. m. on Tuesday. Any fraternity active or pledge is eligible foi a
job.
Workers will he assigned to one of four committees—Rush, Special Events, Publicity, or Scholarship; and will rotate from committee to committee throughout tlie year.
By Sally Beall With the close of the school year. Sigma Delta Chi, national professional join'iialistie fraternity again is in the market for suggestions from faculty and students as to the recipients of the Good Teacher and the Leather Medal awards. Scholastic honoraries are especially urged to submit recommendations. All nomin'ations should be turned in to John Ti'uugott in care of the Exponent by next Saturday. Both awards will he presented at commencement time, and both are now hung in the Hall of the Union oppo.site the East De.sk. M6dal Awarded Annually For the past two decades. Sigma Delta Chi, in cooperation with and on behalf of the student body, has awarded the Leather Medal to the “man wlio niake.s the greatest contribution to the welfare, success and I'oputution of Purdue University.” The award was first presented to
Stanley Coulter, foimor Dean of Men; and last year wont to T. S. Piiichla, master sergeant, who was tile first commoner to receive the medal. Included in the list of those who have been honored aie President Elliott, Noble Kizer, Coveriior Le.slio, Wind Lambert and P. S. Emiiek. 'Peacher Award 'I'o Be Presented The best tocher medal, which is awarded annually to “the best of Purdue’s good teachers,” was first jiresented four years ago. It was established in 1938 ill coiiiieetion with an extensive Rxponent-Sigma Delta Clii survey of student and faculty opinion conducted in order to set up standards for a good teacher afid a good course. All of the ideas which were presented by the faculty and sliideiiLs were summarized and one of these was that “good teachers should he reeognized entirely apart from their research and writing'.”
Faculty Directors Elect New Playshop Officers Mike Weis, Betty Gray Will Assume Business, Stage Manager Positions Managing Board of Playshop headed by Mike Weis and Betty Gray, as business and stage manager, respectively, ■was announced yesterday by Prof. H. Kenn Carmichael. Tl]e selection ivas made by the faculty directors of the organization after
interviewing the petitioners.
The other members of the executive managing board include Marianna Duke, house manager; Richard Kohls, personnel manager; John Gilley, laboratory group manager; Bob Hodapp, assistant business
Agricultural Clinic
To Meet Here Tuesday;
Discuss Rural Banks
SDX Asks For Suggestions On Annual Faculty Awards
Men who have received the Best Teacher Medalion are J. A. Estoy, head of the history, economics and government department; Seibert Fairman, applied meehanic.s depai tment; C. B. Murphy, history department and Neil Little, mathematics department. Li.st Summary of Fiiuling.s Some salient suggestions which were included in the summary of the Exponent good teacher campaign were that the various curricula should he more flexible, especially in the engineering schools, reasoning power lather than more memory and knowledge of formulae should be tested by the examinations; and that experimental classes should bo set up as “guinea pig” labs to test different teaching approaches and mol hods. ^Tlie summary also suggested that a student faculty good teaching commission bo set up to do research into methods of teaching.
manager; and Ernest Nordlinger, publicity manager. Mike Weis is a third year public service engipeer and member of Pi Kappa Tau; Betty Gray is a second year science student and a membei' of Alpha Chi Omega sorority; Ri'chard Kohls, Alpha Gamma Rho, is a junior aglieulture student; Marianne Duke, a Kappa Kappa Gamma, is a sophomore Home Economics; John Gilley, is a science student and memher of Kappa Delta Rho; Bob llodapi), a second year mechanical is from Ihe Pi Kappa 'I'an liouse; and Ernest Nordlinger is a third year agrieulture sliuleni and member of Cary Clul). Graduales Are Iloiiored A mnnher of Ihe graduating .seniois ol' Playshop have been recently honored by (he Puidiie Players lion01 ary. Jack Miller, outgoing .business manager, was given the business uchicveiiient awaril. 'riie best characterization of a major role was Jiresented lo Betty Erick, ntainly for her lole in “Beyond the Hoi'izon.” The minor lole award was given to John Claik. Josephine Stong was given tlie creative achievement and rehearsal assistance awards. 3Tic technical achievement prize was given to Betty Gray. To Merle Keck, outgoing president of Purdue Players, goes the sci vice, carpontiy and .stage management merit eortificcato. For hi.s work on the light switchboard, Richaid Rcul was pi csented a certificate of merit. Josepli Smitli also received a certificate for' his eai'pcntry. PROM TICKETS There are still a few Pioin tickets left, 'roinorrow will be the last day of sale. Price is $2.20 including tax and all piiichasers must prc.sciit iiassjiorts. John Hull Will Speak Tomorrow Evening At Ag Senior Dinner John Hull, Ag ’13, will bo the jirinciiial speaker at the annual Ag Alumni-Statf-Senior dinner which will he held tomorrow at 6:30 ji. m. in the Agrieulliiral Engineering building. Hull, formerly county agent at Evansville and now assistant general agent of ttie Farm Credit Administi'ation at Louisville, will remain on campus Tuesday to address sevei'al of the farm raanagenu'iit classes on credit problems. Other speakers will he President Elliott, Dr. J. 11. Mai tin, head of the jioultry department, and Gene Snyder, who will respond for the .seniors. Dr. E. L. Butz, of the farm managem'ent departinenl will serve as toastmaster. Fish Will Be Served 'fhe dinner is sponsored jointly by the faculty of the School of Agriculture and the Agricultural Alumni Association. The Jonah club of Akron, Indiana, will furnish the fried fish which will ho the main eourso of the dinner. W. O. Mills is chairman of the coinniittee in
charge.
Senior agi'iculture students will he admitted frei' of charge. Faculty meinboi's and ahimni who do not yet have their tickets may buy them at the door for one dollar.
In cooperation with the University, the Indiana Bankers’ Association will sponsor an agricultural clinic on the campus Tuesday and Wednesday of this week. The clinic, which is part of Ihe association’s annual eonvention, will he concerned with the problems of Ihe rural hanker. Immediately following registration on Tuesday morning, President JOllioLt will deliver the opening addies.s and W. W. Gasser, president of the as'-oeiation will make a reply. Follo\ying Ca.sser, Harry J. Reed, dean of agricultui'e, will discuss “Indiana’s AgrieulLuial Baekgi'ound and Responsiliilities.” The feature of the afternoon session will be an address by Charles Daw.son, Lieutenant-Covci nor of Indiana and State Commissioner of Agricultui'e. The ses.sion will close with.a tour of the University fairas and experimental works.'' An address by Henry F. Scliricker, governor of Indiana, will liighlight the informal banquet in the evening. Aftei an address by Dean Potter, of tlie Engineering School, the assembly will listen to a panel discussion on “Inflation, the Farmer and the Country Banker.” A summary of the clinic by Ileibert Morrison, president of the Elston Bank and Trust company in Crawfordsville, will precede the adjournment of the convention. Attache From British Embassy To Lecture In Fowler Hall April 9 “The Cliallenge of Total War to Universities” will be ihe title of a lecture to bo given by Mary Craig McGeachy, attache of the Britisli embassy in Washington, D. C., at 7:30 p. m. in PIliza Fowler Hall, 'riiiii'Silay, Ajiril 0. This address will ho sponsored by Associated Women Students and will ho open to both university members and townspeople. Miss McGeachy has been in close as.sociatioii with international affairs for many years. After graduating from Toronto University, she went to Europe to study at the Sorhoniie in Paris and then at the Seliool of Ifigliei' International Studies at the University of Gen-
eva.
Speaker Has Traveled Abroad While connected with the European Student Relief movemeni, she visited many foreign universities all over Europe. After this she became a member of the League of Nations secrotaria-t in Geneva and served as liaison officer for the British Dominions. Her work was to iiKiuire into the standards of living of the various countries and to lielj) in the publication of jianors on - nutrition, commercial access to raw materials, and refugees. After the declaration of the second world war, she was traiisi'o) red to London, later being appoinied as an attache of the Britisli Emhaosy in Washington, D. C.
Berkley, Stram, Bachman Star For Victors In Intrasquad Game Contrary to the opinion voiced by most football experts, the T formation style of attack had to take the back seat to the single wing back system as the Golds vanquished the Blacks in the intrasquad game played in Ross-Ade Stadium yesterday afternoon. The Golds, with a squad composed of last fall’s freshmen, swarmed over the T formation Black team by a
19-7 score.
The first score came early in the first quarter when Henry Stram booted a field goal from the fifteen yard line to put the Golds out in front 3-0. Joe Winkler intercepted Hajzyk's pass on the 23 yard line and re-
turned it 14 yards to the nine to put the ball into position for
the kick.
Immediately after the kickoff the Blacks started a downfield drive of their own with Kenny Smock and Bob Hajzyk registering two first downs on successive plays. On the second of these Hajzyk was hurt and had to be replaced by Rocky Snyder.
Golds Charge Hard
A hard charging,Gold line tossed Kenny Smock for an eight yard loss in the next series of downs when an
National 4-H Club War Mobilization Week Starts Today
Starting today and ending Saturday, Ajjril 11, 4-H clubs all over the nation will obsei-ve Mobilization Week which has been set aside by the Department of Agriculture. In a letter, Harry F. Ainsworth, state
4-H club leader, asked the 4-H club , , - , leaders to join in the program and ‘'^ttenipted pass play failed and the
to focus attention on what the 1,600,000 club members in the United States can do to aid the war effort.
Clubs Help Food Production AinsworLli said, ‘'CJub members
can and ivill render a very important .service by increasing the food production and then by preserving that food.” He also stated that this was part of their regular training in club work and has been since the inception, so the chib members fit right into the ‘P'ood for Freedom’
drive was stalled. Kicks were exchanged and then the Golds seized upon another break to score a touch-
down.
KentAitken, Gold center, recovered a Black fumble on the 27 to get the sceft'ing thrust under way. Andy Berkley’s pass to Bill Blanks was knocked down, but Umpire Sammy 'Voinoff ruled that Rocky Snyder had interfered with the receiver, so the Golds were awarded.*first down on the 14 yard line. On
program. Recently the members next play Andy Berkley made started woik in many counties to yards on a fake pass play khd aid in the sale of Defense Bonds and through the Black line. BetkStamps in the rural sections. They threw another pass to Blanks have also helped in the collection yard line and cOncampaign.s for waste paper', scrap 'iseted for a score. Berkley convettmetals and other materials. ed the attempt for the extra point The 4-H club members are also to make the score 10-0 in favor Of
important in building and maintaining civilian morale. All these and other activities make the Mobilization Week important and timely.
the Gold squad. Warren Hurt
The Blacks were unable to get anyiilace after receiving the next
Every club in the state is ,expected kickoff so Kenny Smock booted out
of bounds on the Gold’s 22 yard line. Pinky Warren suffered a facial injury on the first play in this series of downs and had to be re* moved from the game. Stram came back into the game at this juncture and threw a pass that was In-
tercepted by Francis Meakim.
Meakim made five yards and John Andretich made three after he had been trapped in back of the line of scrimmage. Rocky Snyder took a direct pass from center and sprinted the remaining 20 yards for the Black score. Kenny Smock converted and the score stood at 10-7 in.
, 1 Continued on page 3)
to participate.”
Clubs To Hold Special Meetings The clubs will hold special meelings to listen to especially prepared radio pi'ograms on 4-H club work, and ta speakers from their own ranks, or from the state dub leaders’ office at the University. The speakers on the program will 5iscu.ss the place of the 4-H club members in the entire victory program. Ensign To Interview Applicants For Naval Training Tomorrow To complete the organization of the second “Flying Boilermakers” Naval aviation squadron. Ensign Robert Childs of the Chicago Naval Aviation Cadet Selection Board will he on the campu.s tomorrow, Tuesday, and Wednesday to interview applicants. With Ensigrj Childs, there will he a medical officer to give the preliminary pliy.sical exam-
inations.
liophoiiiores May l^nli.st
Prospective e.'indidalos must he between 19 and 27 years of age, unmarried, and in good health. The minimum uequiremoiit of two year’s college credit mii.st be completed be-
fore beginning the training pro- . , , , , ... gram. Sophomores will be accejited ‘-'lasses Will pending eomiiletion of the required Lriight by members of the U^college credits. Juniors'and seniors, t**®
New Defense Course Registration To Open Tuesday Evening At? Registration for the second Series of defense training classes will be held in room 101 of Michael Golden shops, Tuesday, April 7, at 7 p. 111. Training in these classes is available to all men and women whether they have had previous en->
gineeriug training or not.
'I'here will be no expense connected with the classes other than thfe
if accepted, will be permitted to complete their pi'esent academic year before beginning active training. All those intoi'cstcd should go to the'Personnel Office and schedule a definite time for an interview with Ensign Childs.
FRESHMAN COED HOURS Freshman coed hours will be changed to (he regular coed schedule tomorrow night, 'rhese will be 11 p. m. oil week nights, and 12 p. m. on Friday and Saturday itight.s. —A. W. S. Judicial Board.
equipment needed to teach th« courses. There are more than 350 local residents taking the courses now being offered, and as many are expected Lo report for the new
classes.
Subjects which will be taught are engineering chemistry, drawing, direct current electricity, production engineering arid production metal-
lurgy.
Courses will also he offered to more advanced students as 'veJI 9^ the basic training courses. Thoia include physical metallurgy, truil electronics, electrical engineering' and other advanced engineering subjects. The courses will run for ft twelve week period.
.'I
.1"41/'
T?V
-rr^. S f H
Exponent Editorial And Feature Page
Sundayf April S, 1942
fiiiyBi;sity Calendpr
WE|SK OF APRIL 5 - 11, 1942
7 ^0 P M
Sunday, April 5 EASTER SUNDAY -Sciivenoi Club Meeting
Monday, April 6 5,10 PM—\g A.lumni—Staff—Senioi Diiinei 6 00 PM—P I A Spnng Bnnquet 7 00 "P M —Folk Dancing 7 00 P M —P I A D-ihce Cl i^s 8 00 P M —Reamei Club Meeting Tuesday, April 7 8 00 AM—Registiation—Ind Bankeis Associ ition Agi Clinit 9 00 A M —Indiana Bankers Meeting 9 10 AM—Indiana Paim Bui can Meet mg 12 00 noon—Indiana Bankeis Associa tion Luncheon 4 00 PM —Committee on State of Univeisity 6 00 PM—Kappa Psi Initiation Ban quet 6 00 P M —Student Coop Association Dinnei 6 10 PM —Indiana Bankers’ Associa tion Banquet 7 00 P M —Social Science Foi urn 7 00 PM —Speech 14 Convocation 7 30 PM—Ohiistian Science Organiza tion 7 30 PM—Silvci Mask Meeting 7 10 P M —A S M E Meeting 7 10 P M —Ceres Meeting 7 30 P M —Alpha Phi Omega 7 80 PM—Student Ait Guild I^attle Convo 7 30 PM-—Foiestiy Club Meeting
9 00 AM
12 15 PM
Friday, April 10 -Indiana Bi inch Am Watei Woiks Confeience
Ameiie,^!! Watei Woiks
Confeience
4 30 P M —Cosmopolitan Club Meeting 6 00 PM—Faim Management Dmnei 6 30 PM—Ameiican Plant Physiolo gists Dinnei Meeting 7 15 PM—Patm Management Meeting 7 30 PM—Mixed Reeication 7 30 PM—Inteitiateinity Fellowship 8 10 PM—Caiy flub Spiing Foi mal
1 00 P M • 1 00 P M G 00 P M
7 10 P M
f onvoeation
Gland Opel i Companj 8 10 PM - Union Mixei 8 10 PM -fhi Oniegi D inec 8 10 P M —Wnil Spi mg U mcc 8 10 P M —Alpha T ui Oini g i JJ iik <
Room 261, Union
Ag Engl Building Room 863 Union Towel Union Noith Balhoom, Union Room 403, Union
E Reception Room, Union Both Faculty Lounges, Union Room 103 Union No Balhoom, Union Room 261, Union Rooms 132 114 Union South BallioOm Union Noith Balhoom Union Room 212, Union Eli/a Fowlei Hall Room 301 Union Room 304, Union Room 207 ME Bldg Room 105 Union Room 107 Union Hall of Music Room 117 Iloit Bldg
Wednesday, April 8 8 00 AM —-111010110 Buikois Association Bieaktast 8 00 AM—Indi ina Bankeis Association 9 00 AM —Indiana Banl ois Association 12 00—noon—Bankeis Luncheon 2 00 PM—Indiana Bankeis Meeting 4 00 PM—Student Housing Committee 6 15 PM—Fiateinity Adviseis’ Din iiei Meeting 7 00 PM —AIChE Meeting 7 00 PM—Hoof and Hoin Meeting 7 30 P M —Baseball Movies 7 30 PM—Maiiiage Couise 7 30 P M —Scabbard and Blade Meeting 7 30 PM—Graduate Dames Fust Aid Classes 7 10 PM—Ceitification Inspeetois Ti aining Thursday, April 9 10 00 AM—Indian! Blanch—Ameiican W itei Woiks Association 12 15 PM—Watei Woiks Association Luncheon 1 00 PM—Seieen Review 6 30 PM—Mate! Moils Association Dinnei 7 00 PM—Animal Science Foium 7 15 P M —Riding Club Meeting 7 30 PM—Entomologj Societ5 Meetin^, 7 30 PM—Civil All Patiol 7 30 P M —Camera Club Meeting 7 10 PM—Chiistian Sfudent Fellowship 7 10 PM—Lectuie—Associated Women Students 7 10 PM—P I A Choius 8 00 PM —English Club 8 00 P M—Indiana Society Pioles sional Erigineeis
Saturday, April 11 Puidue Daily Day Alpha Lambda Delta Tea
D inec
Am f hem Society Dinnei Milting Indpls Bianeh as Guests S in f 11 lo
West Cafeteria Union C Reception Room Union W Faculty Lounge Union Noith Balhoom Union Room 261 Union Room 261 Union Noith Balhoom, Union Leetuie Rm Phys Bldg Room 263 Union Hall of Music Rooms 302 304 Union Towel Union Room 110 ChE Bldg Room 104 Ag Hall
Both Ficulty Lounges Union \oith Balhoom Union H ill ol Music Noith Balhoom Union Room 261 Union Room 305 Union Room 101 Ag Hall Room 301 Union Room 104 Union Room 107 Union Eliza Fowlei Hall Towel, Union F ist F leiilty Lge Union Room 212 Union
Both Faculty I ounges. Union Noith Balhoom Union Room 104, Union Room 130 Union Caletoiia HE Bldg Room 26 i Union Women s Gymnasium Room 107 Union Both Balhooms Union Smith Hall Soulh Balhoom Union
Union Hall of Music South Balhoom, Union Noith B till oom Union WRH Clgiptii House ^
Easter 1942... Easter this year dawns on a world at war Christianity, a theory of living which counts peace as possibly its foremost Criterion, finds itself fighting for its vej’y existence Last war we were fighting for the perpetuation and extension of our form of government No challenge to religion was involved This war, the axis, with the possible exception of Italy which at best is no better thnn a dim satelite, is definitely opposed to the Christian ideals of moial and ethical behavior In fact immortality has become an impossibility m Germany With an eclipse of the supremacy of the allied nations in the Orient, all allied teaching would be blotted out even though Japan should fail to conquei completely Christianity would become a symbol of a diseased and decadent civilization The years of missionary work, the refoims fostered for health by these men who gave their lives m the effort would be totally lost Retrenchment would hardly be an adequate word for what will face the churches of this country following a united nation defeat or stalemate Easter dawns on a contused people Evei since the first woi Id war we have consistently and regularly been regaled with the fact that war was hell and the treaty of Versailles was the most unfaii tieatj in the history of civilization When Geimany absorbed the countries of Euiopo many people thought it her light “She was depiived of all her colonics in the wai, wasn’t she"^’’ “Besides wai is hell and we don’t want to fight ’’ Otheis didn’t bothei to think Groups ol young people throughout the countiy solemnly aftirmed that they would not go to wai under any circumstances Any voice laised against such complacency was ig nored T hen the wai came Suddenly Unethically The people felt hint that such a foul trick as Pearl Haibor should be played on them No one wanted war, they said, except a few war mongers The attack was unfam and unchristian Besides it confused the “war is hell”
Prq/. Seese Urges Women To Prepare for Defense Work Women should avail thcmselv s ol the oppo!tiinil.v to pitpait Joi j{b in plants handling wai oideis tl tough hpttiali/td tiaiiiing ollci «(1 by lieltnhe tiaining elasscs P ol C M Bicso datitoi ol the Univtirtity dtieiibc tiaining pio *fi tm, statod today Aocoiding to statements made hj the Wat PioduetJon Boaid the intreabc in the numbci ol women to he employed in wai indiistiies is tnefctapablt Wai eontiactois must conpidei the craploi merit ol ivom
— i— en with in open mind ind leeog ni/e that thoic is is alw lys i tinning job to picloiin (,oveinmenL agencies expect luge niiinheis ol women to be call (d to fill jobs IS ill iltsmcn teehni Cl ins in pcetois and supcivisois 1 he night el is‘-es in engmeeiing chawing ehemistiy physics and mathematics now being olleied on the campus aie designed to quility women ipi these positions In iddition to the classes now held on thi eampus_, the Univeisitj ilso opeiates delense ti lining eoiises in 58 eentiis thioughoiit the state wheie the need ioi such tl lining exists PAIIIONIZE LXPONINI ADVERT ISLRS'
Puridue Exppnent All-American 1940-^4! Offices Editorial and Business, purdpe Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m, 5377
Kilitar in»Ghief News Bdit^ Manairine icditar Rusiliess ( irculation Manager Snorts Editor ( oed I ditor
John r Amos
, Don T Brophy I John H Armstrong
. MilGrd Ken K Gjemrc
Ted Clark
Alice Chatlield
winijp
Publication Staff V Associate Editors rditor al Staff R W Boswmklc D E But? W G Hoskins A 1 lliinlci P W Och Itrtc W E Raftrl Sporlfi Staff P E Browci T S Dawson h 1 KaipiCk R W Ki icffer Coefl Staff^ Sally Boall Chai lotto Hass Jean Laiur Doiib 1 icl cunji Business Siaff Coed Business Manager T lia Martin Advertisini; Managers J M Wright D I Johnson Circiilt^tion Mat^Qgcr G H Klpuman Accounts Manager Irtna Poircngi Junior Coed Managers EHcn Clark Jane Koinri Staff For This Issue Night Editor Butz Sports Editor Karpick Day Editor Pickering Ifiue Editor Tyson RepoVters Vegh Beall Boswmkle Eiohman Hass So
Enfered as second class matter at the post office in I afay ette Indiana under the act of Congress of March 1 1879 and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103 act of Optofier 3 1917 authori/ed January 20 1922 Euhlished d^ily Monday dpfing regular academic year and Wtekly during the summer Session Delivered locally ly tar rier for $3 50 per year mail suhscnplions $4 00 Represented for national advertising hy National Advertis ing Service Int Eolle^ye Eiihhshtrs U|,prtSLntatiV4,s 420 Madison Ave New Yofk N
vdsnwraii MERRY-40-ROUHI
By Drew Pearson and Robert S Allen
Politicians Leave For Easter; Scared Over Voter Opinion WASHINGTON Apt il 4—It w is with no jov in thou lieaits that the politicos on Capitol Hill went home this 1 aster lo s IV they iic sc u td is put ting it mildly Most ol them uc litci illy scued stiff ovei voter ic sentment it Congicss This st ite ot blue funk is paiticulaily pio nounced amono the isolationists Ihcy hid blocked ioitific itions at Pc 111 Hu hot and Guam so they wcic left hanging out on i limb which w IS bombed oft hy the Japs U u illy the boys iie vciy c igct to get iw4y foi i nice lon„ Eistii I cccss But this yen the llooi le id CIS piaetieally had to lotce i vi cation on them The politicos know volcis gcneially lie boiling mad mil itching loi i eh irici lo get it them o they lie to st ivi ofl litin then ecisLilucnts i Ic ng i iiossihle Not in in iiij leats his tlieic Iieeii such i ividespieid under cuireiit ol disgust and liostiliti tow ird f (ingress partieiiluh the House Informed pnlilie pulse feelers pudict that the eltefions this jtir will see Hu biggest tuin ovei in the House since the anil Hoover landslide in 1132 I iiithei the insideis s ij tins liolds tiue loi flu Rtpuhheans is w ell IS till Deinoei its It is tl limed th it tlu public is in id it the ms ii d whoevei is m IS 111 (I mg( 1 ol fitting whulid As most ol Hie ins up toi dec Lion ue 111 the House tlu heiviest e II n i;_,e is 111 el\ to lu thei e • Democratic Walls nein„ tlu ini|oiit\ piiti tin Demoei its licl thii ue ms in i double sin i md I hi it foie doiibh in (I mgi I (I hi\ 111 ni^L f u w I Ollg) So hthm I tlu scenes tlie hoi-, have been bomb u ding the Dtmo ei ilie N ition il Committee md thg Demoei lilt f oiigi essional (am
paign Committee with woiiied dc minds that they get busy and stait stoking the campaign files As a lesult N itional Committee moguls have shown some signs of life but the Congi essional Committee eon tinucs to be comatose This lb nothing now foi the Con giessional Committee It his been in tint supine state since Repie sentitive Pati lek II Diewij iliwd ling Old Gnaid Vuginian was mule chill man lom jcais ago Just whj he not the job is a niys ten lie is one of the most in efficient c mipaign manageis eithei piity his had in veai s In the eloikiooms some of the disgusted voungei Demoei its lefei to him as Heavens gift to the GOP In the 1940 battle Drewiy was so uieflectual that in the final weeks when it looked as if the Democrats might lose the Houfee party chiefs belatedlj shelved him and rushed Representative I yndon Johnson hard hitting \oiing Texas New Dealei into the breech In two weeks John son raised nearlv $100 000 and in a brilliant last lap finish eaiiied the House bj a big margin tor the Democrats Yet despite his dism il lecoid Diewii w IS lenamed committee ehiiiman And thi:, yen is in 1940 he IS igain doin^ nothing riioioughly scaled Demoei atic House leulcis i< am ue looking toi i pinch hittei Your g Johnson sun ivail dill Thediy ittei PeulIIu 1)01 he j lined the N ivy So piit> in idei-i lie tilling ol liavm„ the N itional Committee handle tin c n gi c ssion il e inipaun Ihe theoiy is th it it c in t do wojse thin Dicwiy ind is pi letreal ly eeitain to do i lot bcttei is the eimniiLtee will it le ist ti> to do something ind the si )W motion Vii mi in 111 vel h IS • Standard Oil Lobby I ohhying will ilways he pi u tieed 111 W ishington Recently how e\ii it has le idled luw height In the pie New De il dii^ lob liyisis lolibicd lo gel I md giants liinibii eoneessions and leaiiot Dome oil li uis I ndei Ih New Deal tluj lobhud loi I’uhlie Woiks eonti let \\ I’\ i ms anil sti iinsliip ioulcs lodi) they lobby (oi wii ton tl lets But pel II ips the most ivid I IP K ions .iiul Inst till lobhmig (s loi piioiitiis on Hu pmeh ist ol in III I ils III till toi iieitu 11 t u d II d Oil h IS |u I 111 11 ^ed to ,,1L i 11 in 11 thli pi Ml il V lit ng loi tlu ship men I i I $1 I 5 )0 OOf) \s i th ol steel to Vent iitla The stoi v illustiates how 1 |oh cm lu done il \(ui h ivi the lohh\ |st to do it In Ills CISC SLuidui' Oil i hl\ 1 picstiUtd hy \V ishiii ton itioi iity John N Bol iniion who i now his waj aiouiul e\tn to the While Iloqse Whit Stand ml wanted w is teol loi Its oil wells m Viiie/uelti am it hid the jiliubihk iigiiment th it
NOW SHOWING -2 FIRST RUN HITS —
Ruggad romanta of hardbitton men, horoic women ,. In o flaming epic of the Wost.
tisei anitiB Saiiiriliy Eisnlne fosl siDiii by CLARENCE BUDINGTONKELLAND PLUS THEY'RE STICKING OUT THEIR LEATHER NECKS AGAIN!
The Devildog "Pals” of “What Price Glory” and “The Cockeyed World” Blonla Barnts * Paol Kelly • Robert Smith Dorothy Lovett • Franklin Pangborn and Kim’s Mon • Six Hitt and A Mist
WBAA
9 4610 0010 solo soil 0011 soil 5612 0012 1012 551 001 151 301 461 652 002 162 302 452 653 003 16i 303 bs-
people, and even disturbed the complacent ones fihon for about two days the nation wai united Wai was declared because it was the only thing that could happei^ People thought a little Then under the guise ol a strong war etfoit the isolationists became obstiuctionists, selectees became an army, employers became profiteers, laboi leadeis, lacketeers, aliens sabolouis, and dolenso an obsolete idea Misundeistanding distiusL and hatied became lampant and a Christian nation model ately tolerant in time ol peace totally ml oiler ant in time ot war Eastei this yeai should signalize the rebirth of active eflort bv Chiistianilj to light this war to a successful close and following this a sane, workable peace
4 004 104 46 4 504 555 00 5 156 106 156 656 006 10 t) 45 6 55-
7 7 7 7 7 35 S 00S 158 >0 8 15 8 55
Monday Api il 6 -News -“News Wilting” with Piof J H McKee -Music* —News —“Woild Histoiy Since 1914” with Pi of I lank Hall —Purdue Nows —News —Agiicultural Foium —Meet the Band —News —Light Classics —Foods, Facts, Fancies —Better Homes —Mai kets —News —Stoiy a Day —Radio Camera Club —Safety Piogiam —Music —News —Maiy Louigc Reppcit — pianist * —Afternoon Melodies —Oigan Moods—Miiy I ouise Reppeit —News —Tea Times Tunes —Betty Wedge—singei The Cm 10 Man —Music —News —Just Relax —Just Relax —Vespeis —Little Miss Muffitt —News —Dinnci IIoiii —Spoi ts R( vu w —Muhie —N c\v b —Soei 1 b(-tutiL\ -1 M s —Ek mo Slopisnii—smgoi College Qi i lionmiic - New —Ml sic —Miisii —Willnni V i icn jn uiisl 1 VC lull 1 cluu s —News
Piayshop Tickets Go OnSaleTomorrovf Boxoffice 111 Fowler l^all Nvill be open beginning tompiiow moining at 9 a m to sell single pei formartce tickets foi the “Male Animal” and for exchanging coupons fiom the season booklets The peifpimnnee of the ‘ Male Animal ’ will begin qp luesday, Apiil 14
9 009 55-
-Musicana -News
MARS -NOW PLAYINGbettys even got the PAIM TREES^jBrt^/Af^
tXTRA IOI' ^ '' OUR GANG Comedy WORLD WAR NEWS
it must keep up Venezuelan oil i lo duction toi the Ameiicap md But ibh Navies Howevei othei Vi lei icin oil comp lines iko wanted steel loi wells m Tex IS Louisian i ind Cihfoimi Vlso they hid Ihi id V int i e ol p oducii oil which does not 1 comic i lon>, mil ha/aidous {(ontiiLud on pige 4)
DR
PAUL A
RISK
DR
LUTHER A
RISK
DR
HAROLD 1
RISK
- DENTISTS
—
400
404 Schulfz
Bldg
4th and Main St
Lafayctfc
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS flRiver.sily fliiok Store Arro s I r II 11 I n 11 I Su » 29 Uoc Tl I le 40
SUN -MON
LUilA
2 SWELL HITS
A PLANE LOAD OF MYSTERY
THE MOST THRILLING ADVENTURE FILM OF THE YEARf 5Ul!l0i Sharing GENE TIERNEY Bruce CabjoE - George Sanders Sir Cedric Hardwicke
A REPUBLIC PICTURE ALSO
ARC
ilqrr ng _ HEBBEBT TIBGINU MjlBSHMlBRCCE
TODA'V - MONDAY ADDED COLOR CARTOON
\ 942's NEW HARDY HIT! COUPTSHIPTIME FOR ANDY IS FU'4TIME rOR YOU'
DMIinilll! RnniHiRiyr LEWIS MICKEY CECILIA^ FAY STONE-ROONEYrPARKERiHOLDEN ANN SARA ^ . w RUTHERFORD.* HADEN and DONNAlREED Starts TODAYIP
i
S-<^
W,ryt’-'‘ Riveters
i f-; .f> ^ -^.e . .1 / \; \^M4lMk i ^€0M"fAM i
frfxy Starting ij’it^her ^gains| Irish
By John Wendell President Edward C Elliott will tempoiarily foisake his adminis trative duties on Tuesday afternoon to take the mound against the lush in the first game of the legulaily sphednjed season Behind the plate Will be -ihis assistant, Piofessoi Piank IJoekema In the batter?s box will be athletic Diiector Guy Maokey Last minute betting odds favor the veisatile un-i-veisity president, but Mackey is ceitain that he can park on one of Byexy^s ehoice slants ovei the v^ll ayound the ^](80 foot maik Mackey is ceitain that the Piesident IS not in too good shape attei all those tiips to Washington, but the Piexy feels that aftoi he has faced the Senate, Mackey will be a cinch After all theie is only one of ]M[aekey, oven if that one is pretty big In the meantime the pitchei and catchei continue to woik out behind closed doois in the administiation building All outsideis, including the stenogiapheis who normally have tiee access to the administra tive offices, aie baned duiing these sessions, so it may be thit the batteiy IS cooking up a gui prise foi the hittei * The President scorns the maniiei in ■which most important politicians thiow in the liist ball He can’t sec any gloiy in standing up in a tomfoi table box seat and letting go a y^'ild heave in the geneial diicction ol the diamond (Ediloi’s Note Ross-Adc field does not have any
f^h\ Sigma Kappa social fiateinity, announces the pledging of the following Donald P MeVty West Lafayette, Wil ham Pickett, Reolsville, Ghiistophei E Schenkel, Bippiis PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
box seats ) Instead he will toe the slab in the conventional mannei and let one go Starting Pitcher
Purdue Exponent ..SPORTS..
Petrkk Wins Opener As Mates Get 10
Sunday, AprI! 5, 194i2
Page 3
dhmniL JhiL IjJaJjiA. £udwL With— . . . Ted Clark . . . ^ Baseball-The Inconsistency Of It All
against the Irish will be President E C Elliott The slim right hand hurler has shown a lot of stuff this spring and is fit to go the distance Gifted with a blazing fast ball and a good control he is the best pitching prospect of the last few seasons Al though this is hii first pitching op portunity of the current season he is certain that he can muffle the Irish
bats without any trouble
IM Schedules
Ihc f ill t m
winf, fiifcinitus \m11 pi ly b isc
uw U 1 1
P Kippl All hn
Mu diam nd
I im! d Chi Al h i
(ham jn J 1
^ u \ b km i Air h i
Sikm i Al
Bell rii ti Pi \s Phi Khi pa di inu nd I S„mi Chi \ Si ina I Ijsiljn tliimond
Ihi i 11 tinioiiiw I W ud 1 W id 8 \ Wu I 2 Vi ir 1 b W id
1 j w 1 is w ill pln> b 1 1 W I 1 1 \m nd ( Waid 1 him nd Wild 21 diimind 8 ir I li m nd 0 V 1 I - di im IT d 10
EBGERTON HDW^., 8NC. I<ARDWARE-PA1NTS and SUNDRJES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
COLLEGE BASEBALL’S INCONSISTENCY was veiy much in evidence yesterday afternoon when the players of both teams dashed thiough 16 innings and did oveiything with the ball but s-Wallow it THE TEAMS STARTED TO PLAY at 2 o’clock oi lathei they went out onto the field then and kept on the go until 6 45 with a 10 minute intei mission between games PURDUE OUT HIT the Little Giants in the twin billing 14 to 12, but then Wabash besfed the Boileimakeis in the eiioi column 14 to nine which IS tit foi tat Wabash had 10 eiiois in the fiist game and the Boileimakeis a like numbei ol hits ^ MEYER, Wabash second baseman was very helpiul about the whole Ihiiig, making tour misplays in the second frame ot the opener But Mi Meyer isn’t much of a bum as yesterday’s game might make him He got three hits in tour attempts on Eiiday and Drove in a lun in the tenth inning Hero today and a bum tomonow . “1066 And All That” IN THE SECOND GAME Pehiing’s team got eight luns and foiu hits and Wabash came thiough with toui luns and eight hits
1 It *
HARRY MePERREN, at piesent on the inactive list because ot an appendectomy held down second base last veai foi about 10 games without an eiioi and then made two of them in the Indiana game that’s inconsistency toi you THEN, OF COURSE, the Boileimakeis had difficulty getting the bats otf thou shouldeis Fiiday and pounded the ball to all coineis ot Ross-Ade field yesteidiy
IM Sports Highlight Athletic Program For Summer Term By Clint Sowards A piogiam of athletics foi the summei session on the Boileimakei campus, would lead. almost strictly with the woid mtiamural befoie each individual spoit The budget hcie at the University doesn’t call toi a summer athletic piogiam and as the majority of the lemaindei of the colleges and umveisities in the coiintiy have the same set up, there will be practically no inteicollegiate competition in the*countiy duiing the new widely estab lished summei teim Answer—Intramural To fill in this otheiwise baiien spot on the activities piogiam foi the Univeisity a rathei extensive sort of inttamuial set-up is to be established in piactically eveiy blanch ot spoits The progiam will call foi paiticipatiop by student and instructoi alike, with the legulai coaching staff taking over then vaiious depaitments' This piogiam is not to be stiictly thiough the mtiamural depaitment piopei, but lathei on the same pimcipal A few of the moie populai summer spoits such as softball, and tennis will probably claim fiists m popularity, with basketball, golf, swimming, badminton, squash, handball and the like falling into place behind The executive committee ot the Westein Confeience is scheduled to meet ip May to hash over this pioblem in regaid to some soit of a piogiam which can be offeied foi mtei collegiate competition
By Bob Krieger Dutch Fehring’s Boilermaker baseball squad came roaring back against Wabash yesterday to defeat the Little Giants m both ends of a doubleheader by scores of 14 to 6 and 8 to 4, befoie a slim crowd on Ross Ade Field The Riveters made ten hits in the opening contest, and weie aided no little by the ten euois which the visitois committed Paul Petiick, the big sophomoie iighthandei pitched the fiist five frames and was the winning huilei Tony Beito took ovei the hull ing choies in the ninth fiame and Baker came to the mound in the ninth Petiick was nicked for thiec hits while Berto gave up the lemaining blow which the Little Giants weie able to make Riveters Come From Behind In the second contest, Misselhoin staited on the mound fo the Rivcteis and the Boilermakeis were ti ailing 3 to 1 when Iiv Claseman took ovei the hulling chores in the
FIRST GAME
PURDUE Shoemaker 2b Martine bs Riley If Youhk c R Clubcman c Friend cf Hipp rf Emerson lb Swantz lb Wright db Rawlas, 3b Peti ick p Leifheit Cook Berto p Bur^jei Baker p Inman Tdtilb WABASH Wilsdn If Radatz sb Huilev lb Phillips cf Biunner if Chaney c Meyer 2b Leich 3b Woodrow p Haidei p Kelley
Totalb
AB R H PO A E 6 2 2 2 4 1 2 3 1 2 2 1 4 1 0 2 0 0 2 0 13 12 11112 0 5 1 2 2 0 0 3 2 0 4 0 1
10 14 0 0 5 110 3 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 41 14 10 27 14 6 AB R H PO A E 2 2 110 0 4 2 2 ^32 •> 0 0 b 0 1 3 0 0 1 0 0 3 0 1 0 0 0 4 0 0 6 11 o 0 0 0 3 4 5 0 0 3 4 2 0 2 0 0 1 0 2 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 33 6 4 24 12 10
SECOND GAME
Heading for a _ Happy Landing with
A Tasty Meal AT Till COFFEE SHOP To-days activities require extra energy. A meal or a snack in the COFFEE SHOP is the best pidvup there is. The food is the best and the menus are planned with vitamins for vitality and victory. JhsL ffllVlduJL TFlmwimL lAnmfL
IN THE FOURTH INNING ot the second Wabash pitchei Mont- QqUc
gomeiv letiied the Boileimakeis on thiee pitches In the fitth Mont- • • •
gomeiy gave up two hits and two luns and allowed thicc men to leach
fiist on walk§
(Continued from page !■)
IN THE FOOTBALL GAME jesteiday afternoon the Gold team, which was made up mostly of fieshmen, showed a woild of spint and efficiency The Black team seemed to be shoit on fiie and necer leally got going They had occasional flashes of binlliancy but bogged down when the chips weie piled high on the boaid Bob Bachman lan vei\ well foi the Golds and showed beautiful diive often picking up a couple ot yaids aftei ho had been hit
SCOT^EE’S I AIl-Kiinls of Photographic Siipplioa Fresh Film anil Film Pits ’ t — Try Our Quality Kodak — Finishing — Prompt Service Phone 2343 105 Norl'hwestcrn Ave. /
It’s easy Fo KEEP COOE If You EIEOK Cool!
Don’t worry about the weatlier if you put on a freshly cleaned garment from the West Side Cleaners. No one has to tell you it’s sweet-smelling and really clean. West Side Cleaners’ exclusive cleaning- processes make you feel cool all day long. Phone 4081.
Norlhweslern at Vine
Phone 4081
tavoi ot the Gold team The fiist halt ended thiee plays latei Long Kkkoft Hajzvk hooted a long one to open the second half with the ball going thiough the end zone Neithei team was able to put togethei anything lesembling a scoiing diive thioiighout the thud quaitei The fine line play at Baiiy Fiench foi the Black squad was the high spot of this peiiod Baiiy was a teiioi on deiense as he made tackles all ovei
the field
In the touith peiiod the Gold squad issistcd bj 4 stiong wind at then back scoied a second touch down Kenny Smock tinned in an unusual play when he downed his own kick op the line ot sciimmage The wind caught his boot and stopped it in mid^aii to piovide the Gold’s with then chance Bachman Duves Haul With the ball on the eighteen yaid line Don Newman tiied a couple ot passes hut both weie batted down by the Black secondaiy On thud down Bachman hit the hue toi 15 yaids and a fii‘’t down on the thiee Ho hit the line twice moie and scoied Bakei conveited to incieaao the Gold’s lead to 17 7 The fin il tw'o
WABASH Wilbon If Radatz ss Hurley lb Phillips cf Meyer 2b Leach 3b Swank c Long: if Bruner if Mopt^omoi> p Harder p Totals PURDUE W Bui^hardt as Kt-rsey cf Rush If Vounp: 3b C Ufaon if G Blirghardt ib Burner 2h Walton c R Clast mm c Misselhoin p I Clastman p Totals
AB R H PO A E 5 0 0 10 0 4 1 0 2 o 1 4 1 1 10 0 0 4 2 3 2 0 0 4 0 12)0 2 0 0 1 1 3 0 2 10 0 2 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 3 0 10 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 30 1 8 18 12 4 AB R H PO A E 3 2 1 2 3 0 1110 0 0
4 0 0
2 1 1
0 1 0 0 1 0
0 0
0 0 0 0 0 0
10 0 10 1 110 10 0 1 0 0 0 2 0 1 2 0 0 1 0 2b 8 1 21 0 3
points weie scoied on a safety when a bad pass tiom centei was giounded in the end zone bji* Kennv Smock Buit Ingwei sen’s discussion on “The Fine Points ot Line Play” was the high spot ot the morning session 111 the gild clinic Ingwei sen used Baiiy Fiench and Pinky Wailen as models toi his demonstia tion The coaches weic pei nutted to ask questions about the points illustiated BUAChS Position G0L6 MiCUlity LI Stonciu Warien II btocUini? Volkmun IG Birwti in Ru{.guri C Sculcll DcMam RG Da\id I rench IIT Matrtwit/ Shimii RC Milonts Haj/>k QB Hurlu Sm<ycl IB bti imm Andtison RB Bachman Buttinutun ri3 Winlki'
PAUL'S PLACE
BEEF STEAK HOME MADE CHILI
beef BARB-Q PORK TENDERLOIN
Phone 2645
FURNAS ICE CREAM 216 W. Columbia St.
We Deliver
• Soalhworth'’^
jf^racticai
Downstairs in the GIFT SHOP at
PURDUE OUUK & SHPPlt STORE —— 308-10 STATE ST. WEST LAFAYETTE. IND Southwortli a
fifth stanza When the fturet^ scoied 7 runs m the final two innings, Claseman became the Win* ning pitcher Riveters Start Early The Riveters were off to a good start in the very first inning of the opening contest when Martinreadhed fiist on a base on balls, went to -econd while Riley wa« being throw* out at first and scored when Young doubled shaiply inside the left field foul line In the second frame, the Boileimakers scored three mono luns, making only one hit during the entii e stanza Meyer Jittery Hipp strolled to fiist on a paas, and went all the way to third whin Mevei of the Little Giaftts com*^ mitted the fiist of four errois which he made during this inning. Wright was safe when Meyer agam fiiiBb-' led, Hipp scoring, and Emerson going to thud. Shoemaker followod with an infield single, scoring Emerson and sending Wright to second Wiight came all the way home when Mai tin was safe on Mejrat'^s eiioi Young sent a hot smash to thud but was thrown out to end the inning •“ Young Injured Wabash came back with three luns in the third, making only ofie safe blow Woodiow received one of the SIX passes issued by P^ridi. Wilson also sti oiled to first, add when Mai tin fumbled a grounddr by Radatz, Woodrow scored gnd Wilson went to thud. Wilson scored a moment latei when PhiBi^ sent a long fly to center, and Radatz SCO! ed on a single by Brunner. Wilson collided with Young when' he scoied and the Boilermaker ‘ba^stop was foiced to retire foi the remainder of the afternoon Fi lend walked to open the Boilermakei fifth, went to second on a fielder’s choice, and scoied when Emeison lapped a single to left. The Rivetei first sacker took second when the Little Giants tried to nip Fiiend at the plate, and scored when Wiight sent a single to centei Leifheit came in to bat for Petiick and was safe at fiist on a fieldei’s choice Cook wept qn to lun foi him and went fo second oa an eiioi by Hurley Mortln walked, sending Cook to third,.^ind Shoemakei to second Riley Lp Now the ducks weie on the pond^ and “Hoi sie” Riley came to Jbat He sent a giounder to second and 'was sate on an eiioi, Shoemakei tend Cook scoung, and Martin going to thud Rogei Claseman who replaced Young behind the bat foi the Rivetei s then stiiick out to end the inning, which saw the Boilei'ihakeib scoie five luns while making only tw o hits Big Seventh Shoemakei opened the Boilei makei halt of the seventh with an infield single, w ent to second on suiglc to centei bv Mai tin, and both men. advanced w hen Riley walked to load the sad s Claseman toiced Maitnt at thud Shoemakei scoring on thCi plav and Hipp was passed to load the bases once moie Jack Swaptz,. who leplaced Emeison. at the iBBtlal hassock toi the Riveteis m fust half of the stretch mmUg, piomptly unloaded them -whin l|«i clouted a thiee bagger to right In the second contest, whi^ limited to 7 mnings, Wabash, thiee luns m the fiist on duly gBjl hit The Riveteis came back wllh one tally in the second without aid ot a single base hit, and the Little Giants pushed oyet anethb^ mil in the filth on two hits Boileimakei hall of the mutfig eight men came to bat, and twixrgus scoicd on two sale hits. Boilermaker Rally Tiailing hv 4 to 3, the RivetefS pushed ovei five runs in the sueih| stanaa to put the game on ice Rogci Claseman vvas sate on an error and stole second. living Claseman walked and when Haidei tumbled a lollei Horn the bat ot Bill Bmg* haidt, R Claseman scoied and hip biothei, Iiv, took third Boh Keitsey followed with a long tuple to center, seaiyjg Clasemkn mtl B-uighardt, Young walked) stole second, and loUowed Kersey ovtH the iiiate when Ciu'sinn singled
to lett
;: ' DIde ;; NU CHINA.GRILL i: CHOW MEthf tb'cHCJB SUIY I [ 409 Columhi* IRk
JSveryihmg^ foif a College Biducotion DEACS) " f
^ u ?
Furam Expofmt
Sunday, April S,
Merry-Go‘Round... Personnel Notes Theta Alpha Phi Phi Gamma Qelta
(Coii<inuc<5 fiom papo 2) tmikor haul Howcvei, they dul not hAvothc advantage of an A-1 lobby ist For Mr. Bohannon went to Admiral Stark, then chief of Na\al Operations, and practicalh scared him to death about the danger of losing Venezuelan oil Stark called Donald Nelson boss of >\ ar Production and put the ptessure no him Meanwhile Bohannon and friends pressured the State Department I end Lease Administration Board of rtononm A\.iitaie and finalh the White House If there was an\one Stniidaui Oil foigot to hjgh-piessurc thc\ wcie sick in bed So Standaid Oil got what it wanted apiioiit-s nting of A-l-C, bigbei than th it ol donitstic oil companies and the iiiatei i ils have now been shipped • Telephone Censorship Censoiship ot tekphone and tele giaph messages between the I. nited States and Latin Anieiica his gone to such lengths that the othci dav eensois inteiiuptod a diplonntic phone eonvcisation between Bia zilian Amb-issadoi Mai tins in AVash ington and Foieigii Ministei Ai in ha m Rio dg Janeii o Thev weie discussing means of impioving wai aid to the United States when suddenlv i voice bioke in ovei the phone “Speak English pk ise spi ik English ” The two statesmen eontiiiued t liking in Poituguese “Spe ik English wained the censoi “oi ] 11 cut the connection ” So the Brazilian Foreign Minister, best friend of the USA in South America, had to converse with his Amhissador in English A few minutes later Foreign Ministei Aranha picked up i loc il telephone and called II S Am bassador Fafleiv “Beginning todav he said ill Vniei leans tele iihoning Irom Rio de laneiio to the United St ites Will have to speak I’oitugiiese This order goes into e lie el in <v aetlv one houi Btfoie tile hou! wisovei ( ifltiv ot the St te Dej) 11 Imelit i ii the telephone The St ili Fepiitmciif
]f am senioi is inteiestcd in an Intel view with inv ol the following complines, eomplete one of the vel low 'Reepiest foi Iiitciview” cauls, .1 supple oJ which is in youi school office A ou will be iiolilied by end fiom the Peisonncl Ofliee when to schedule in inleiview tOAIPVMFS StHEDULFD lO AlSir CAMPUS Naval Aviation Cadet Board, Flu e igo 111 Api il () 7 ind 8 Inland Mfg Division CMC, Dayton Ohm Apiil 7 E 1 DuPont de Neinoui s & C ompanv AVilmiiii’ton Delawni Apiil S Fmploveis Mutual I labililv Insurance C oniaiiv ol AViseonsin, In di impolis Ind Api il ') I eeds and Noitliiiip Co, Phila delphm Pi Ml Sun up in Pei soniiel Otliee be foie 'Ihiiisdiy, Api il 9 Bell Aiicialt C Ol p , Bull ilO) N Y Ajiiil Ifi ML Sign in Ikisonncl Oflicc beloie Apnl 19 Illinois 1 ool AA Ol ks, 2901 N Keelti Avenue Chicago, III MF Soph oinoi es and junioi s intei cste d in De - sign foi summei vvoik Sign in Per sonnel Otiice bcloie 10 am 'luesday April 7 Emplojers Mutual Liability Insuiance Companj ol AViseonsin, In dianapolis, Indiana Coming Apiil 9 Anyone inter esteel, schedule an interview in Pei sonnel OtTiee btfoie 10 a m April 8 United States Rubbei Company, Mishawaki, Indiana — Men and women bcniois in ME EE CliE, P S E, CE, Seienee (Chemistry, Business Admin, Commerce and Accounting) Sign in Peisonnc] ol fiet before Apnl II
jihoneel the U S N ivy Depai tinorit, intl the Navy eensoi was oideieel to let Bi i/ilians speak to t leh other in then own langua.,e It is now up to the N ivj to h ive Pen tugiiese sjie ikiiu eeiisois listen in il Ihtv w lilt to ceil n eonv isiti ns he tween the nib iss idol uid loitun n iiiute I ol od i i i Id i I-*! i/il (C opv 1 IL lit 19 12 I \ UmI I Fe itui e S\ iidi ite Itie )
national dianiatics honor ary, announces the pledging of John Claik Let Pishback, Betty Giay, Laiiy Myers, Robeita Walker, Caiolvn Wood and George Zissis
Classified Ads
nnd lypinR-—hulietininirB Icllcis etc in h Mticuilii Scivicc 12 NoUh Uh St Typowriter«i Acl ting Miichints nil rnnkoa sold iPiUd Kpur <] ml purchnsctl Mime L ririliwoil done C ] Blxisholl OOnMiin inf j t Uc f iu nc 217 ) Stiidoiit Help Wanted for complete bonid j( bs ic i the summoi term (umuhitwc in I X I (H) Cl il VC iKi me 1 Ai ply 1 ) M» All 111 1(Ic ( IlV Ifnll S< ulh
Notices
Api
I I
1 I III il initi 111
1 11 II iw
III I \
I II 1 111 1 ^ n 1 I I I I I III I SI
III iinl M I I V
a Spring Tonic for LasI Year’s Drcssc‘s SANITONE!
Iliilh rrn.iliiin iiinllos Slylod in the modern stioamlined mamier to ofive your llgiirc the soft natural lines. Satin panels i'lont and back, with a new roll to]) Othcu* Roth erdations$1.75(0 $5.95 Palais Roual
social fiaternity^ announces the initiation of the following men Anchew Beikley, Dayton, Ohio, David Dennis, Cleveland, Ohio, William Dunn, Toledo, Ohio, E Buit Fold, South Bend, Raymond J Ru dolph, Clown Point, Gcoige H 0*Neil, Indianapolis, Richaid Shoe makci, Tulsa, Oklahoma, Douglas K Smith, KiikwOod, Missouri, and Thomas II SpiUei, West lafay
ette
Gold I’cppors P cnic postponed Pirns If b in„ mu l( f i h IVir it 11 csd iv A] nl 11 Witcli loi liithci dtvclopmcnts
rORD
Undcrffr'iduntt Dames Club There >vill lo i mcctin.,, it Iht home o( Mis R s die (iir il 140 South Sails!) ly St it iO 1 m iucsdiv Apnl VOI1 MI R AlCbr Ihtic Will I 0 mutiny, in the mun lecture loom cf the Phyoies bmldint, at 10 p m Wtdn s (iv ApiiI S KRAYBII 1 PIA Members All i litnn I i 1 lA of fucs i ic t 1 li in 1 i It I V I p rn M nd ly
Apnl ( 1 r DI R
(tros till)) 111 J vvip i meetinj in U m 10 I 11 < Um ti It 00 p m Ins d ly Ai 1 il ( AI T AHAN Rfrialr iti( n Workeis Stud nts who wi li I V i k ( r 1h R I till ‘"dui ir k, th si m mci Icini rcEisti ill n M ly 4 an I > aic lull tit m ke ij pile iti n at U i Rft i ti u h If L n with ] leva n exi i 1 ULL it tr.1 tj ill i 1 11 thei <1 null jf 1 s II 1 IV n picluu n t
STONl
< hrisfinn 1 oiindation Annua] S nic i ] 1 I w II 1 1 11 y Ai nl 11) h m I ] list) in It 1h hill 111 eU aic 1 ( ntf irid may I < btuir i 1 li m I r n W 11 R lly R Mb l)i I I in tit 1 il 1 )I i 1 1 Kil] i JOHNSON lap iteta Pi PUd(<‘^ I i it t i m {() [ ill III i t 1 0 I n M I 1 >
PIi^ T.>amhdn Ilpsilon Infoimil iniimllon Sitnrdiy Apnl 11 at 2 t m in i< m lOl ol the tlumistiv JUnldiiu —MONIGOMrUY ASrr Mectinp: is M ndiv Arn! ( at U) p m in room 201 oi the Ch h nUi inj-. itnUu I c f J 1 id IV i 11 c v i i Iv i poitcd iUUllI Military ( ode Instruction M n who qn il ifu d at t w 1 me) hit i ir cl <1 sue i ( i IRrente tc th cl cdect fi ulcl cenfaef Jl HiiikhaH 111 Insiiiufus Room ol Aimuj lUJRKll \R1 Catholic SiudentH A nunh r (f Hj.u 1 nis ni( winlcd f i llio Cilli Ii si mm i < nq Ih)Ri intfustcd call 2r(U RROtJl l*At Tmpoitmt mcotinp: V^ednnsdav Apnl 8 1 l{tct]< n of oflu is All it sent members ind new s< me i miniu<ih il ait
utte nd
- ADAMS Westminster rpumtalion I he rouiida tion will have no paitics until 1 ist i Afl tr Pistcr at least two moie aociii t inctu ns ire planned A roller sUalinu j ntv is planned immodiattly aftii I isl i ind a picnic IS planned lii the littci p irt ol Apnl Cl AUK All Seniors Seniois miercstel in Ecttin’’ a 1042 Debus call Ruiton r0)l Ihcode c ^00 > Ol Woods ()2‘)1 Only i limiltd num bd It It C ill new IHIODOSl Alpha Phi Omcffa lntt*iviewinp cimmil toes tuin in nimcs anel r r its t» Pcif Keck immediately RRl WFR RcffiHtration Workers Stud nts who wish to woik loi th UckistiTi dunn tl m m 1 tuim leiistiitim M y 4 uul aic
rcqnefltod to make application at the Registrai s ofTico Those, with piovioiia cxperi ence at re.Ki4liation or other cKrical work nie pfivon prefcH’nce —STONE * Science Seniors All science seniors who have not called at my office in the past week to fill out sdiioi blanks nio requestfd to do so at once —ENDERS Exponent Sophomore Staff Work sched iilcs iro on the bulletin board in the office please chfck yoiii asHiainments and sec me nbo It any adjustments ARMSJHON(r All Students Sfudonts who expect to ehaPKe fiom (tie sih< 1 withm the Univd sity to another at the did ol the present scmesld luc utvised to obtain the nfccssarv 1 1 inks il ( n t fi )m the Jt(t,itiirs of fuc sroNr ( Iinstian Siience ()rK:ani7ntion Reirulai rnttlinj., liuslav Ajmi in loom 40 it Ur 1 n il 50 p m - I OCKWOOi) I neincerinfe’ StiidcntH Ihcie will he in (f n m ctinj., f the ASMI next luesday A] nl it 10 \ m IT Ml 207 PiotcsHci Kin) f th IhvsHi (IcjiiiLmdit will pit sent I ialk ami I monsiiaiion of eveio ti n lOPINKA
6RIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichfy
Radio ( Ulh Mic (in 1 m ir i m III
I u sd IV Api iI It il hr u Mill S
Hoof and Horn ( iuh In r itint mcctinp* W iru I y \i 111 8 ( 0 ) m in i m 2( 5 ( I Uni i il t i sill J. J r j i im has 1 ton Id nj., I All m ml is it ii^crl t itUnd DUri Y Sfahhaid ind H! ult \kmhds icpiit to Aim i in i I in ly 1 (ft I 13 Ik Iheic IA(KSON Rcamei Club lini ilait mecfini, Mon I \ Aiul ( iL 7 1 r m in 1 m 801 cl Unu n lldts til III nik.ht next Siturdav will be discus id 1 leas h piesint F ItcKf II live It < 1 HUl 1 NLR Alpha Pill Omeffa M! rlcdjrcs shill it t nl the pi (Kc nc linj, Miiul ly Apnl ( it 50 I m 11 II Sv h h I unt,c I Un j( I Hni I 11 nil I \ ind 1 ope HR] Wl R SC A Hoard Rc iilii bond mc'etine. to I held in bt A u m Ih isdav Ajiii I I 50 1 m MOGAVI RC? bC A Ireasurcrs Imi itint me iinj, in SC A 101 m Mond IV Ai nl ( at 1 j m lukets 1(1 b in luet will b avail iblc t II it time PI Use be pi mpt II ivc a Hank (luck i\ 111 iblc It un*U Ic t ittcr I i piust (11 Iei 1 (.sdit itivc t the 1 isc itUi 1 rni t 111) lo obtiin liclits R( suif vour icprc s rlili 1 IS bl IT k th 1 t lieilitilc bus UK ti 11 (t i TROI 11 R
‘A fine sample ot national unity you show—I tell my wife there’s a shoitagc ol now cars, and you sell her one.”
MCA Any mtmici who still desiic a PA( Important Yrieetfns WefJnesday (i(l(t to the SC A hniuiucf m ly < btain Apnl 8 ft r tUction of officeia All present Iv eillir*^ It tl S I V 111 t M n I ly ni mb is and new senior managers plea&e \i 1 ( it 1 I 1 lUOlirR jtl Ml -^ADAMS
I I I 1 rn
lbs M WA I SON
LErS STAMP OUT THE AXIS!
VicTdP MATaP-e HANOL-E.<. THE ROWVWCe OWLY He CAW, AIDS IN TUE LAVV6K PRO DUCT tow Tip TOP / 4OWG6 AMD DAMC-CS. OaKI^ PfaoviDe<5 TDe laughter .CWJOV6 THE <CEW£R.V IN TH\6 60UTH 6EA t-XTPAVAOAWZA.
SONG OF THE ISLANDS ' ihe iechnicoloi musical, slarring Betty Grable Victor Mature and Jack Oakie now playing ai the Mars Theatre
Aiporidi niiisl Ih‘ 1‘irsl—^011 Ihr fields of liaHlr, 011 Ihe sea, and In IIk* air. For Iliosc^ of ns who are sh'll at honns wlielher we are s(‘rvliig on defense projeels or noS, onr job is (o share in onr
governnienl.
LETS STAMP OUT THE AXIS! -k iK
BUY
U. S. DEFEMSE and STAMPS
IIDAD
V J
★ ★ ★ ★ ★
★ ★★★★★★★
•1 ^ tl
fi