IPI
Purdue
Volume 5L No. 7
Exponent
Sunday. September 17. 1939
Late War News
Report Russian Intervention LONDON—^Word comes from sources close to those in the know that Soviet Russia has definitely decided to make a military intervention in Poland.
French Claim Germans Defeated
PARIS—^An official French communique reported heavy artillery fire on the western front Saturday evening. The communique also stated that Germany is rushing reinforcements to the western front. Earlier military dispatches claimed that the biggest battle of the war was raging along the Maginot and Sigfried lines and that the Germans had been defeated after three attacks against the French lines. General Maurice Gustav Gamelin, head of the French forces, reported that he was completely satisfied with the resistance of the advance units of the French forces. He also reported that he was pleased with the accuracy of his heavy artillery which has been systematically silencing the German artillery at all points of attack. , . ' Germany has been silent regarding military activity on the western front. Luxembougr, Holland and Belgium, near the Moselle sector, have also been silent with regard to military activities in the area.
Diplomats Flee Poland
POLAND—^Diplomatic refugees crossed the Polish border into Rumania Saturday on the advice of the Polish government as flying German columns drove deep into southeast Poland. The Polish Telegraph Agency accused German aviators of bombing and machine-gunning Red Cross and evacuation trains from attitudes as low as 50 feet.
Germans Tighten Ring Around Warsaw
BERLIN—Germany rushed reinforcements to tighten the narrowing ring which surrounds three Polish armies.' The armies described as “trapped” by the German high command were fighting west of the Vistula river around Kutno at Modlin and in Warsaw itself.
Nazis Accuse Britain Of Bremen Loss
MOSCOW—Count Frederick von der Schulenburg, German ambassador to the Soviet Republic, referred newspaper men to Mr. Winston Churchill, First Lord of the British Admiralty, when they quizzed him as to the whereabouts of the Bremen, pride of the German merchant marine, which has remained out of sight since it sailed from New York shortly after Germany marched on Poland several weeks ago.
Views Jap-Soviet Pact As Slap at U. S.
WASHINGTON—Senator Thomas (Dem. Utah), a member of the foreign relations committee, expressed the view Saturday that the Soviet-Japanese agreement to suspend fighting on the Manchukuo-Outer Mongolia border might be a retaliation move against the United States for serving notice of intention to terminate the 1911 commercial treaty with Japan.
Daladier Goes To Froni-
The Sweet Shop has finally come into its own. Although a campus meeting place since the Union was built, it is now not only the student rendezvous but the Mecca of all social climbers. Last year, still in the cozy stage, it was always comfortably crowded. Booths were rarely available but the society was so stimulating that people constantly poured in to meet their friends. To make room for everybody, it was enlarged. Now there are four times as many customers making conditions twice as crowded. The new Music Hall is to have the largest seating capacity of anything of its type in the world, but if standing room could be counted the Sweet Shop would forge ahead. The time of day as well as the time of the school year can be told from Sweet Shop observations. When the nickelodian is playing one piece after the other it is the first of the semester. All books have not been bpught, and people still have money, amourous aspirations, and
Thousand Persons
Exponent Staff
Attend Tea Dance
Doan Announces
Football Ticket
Exchange Dates
He Finally Gave In And Let It RainWhee! Ain't It Cool
Ticket Manager C. S. Doan announced the schedule yesterday for the exchange of passport tickets for reserved seats at all home athletic
contests. This will eliminate double
calls at the office and at the same time make possible seating of students by classes, Doan stated. As has been done in previous years, coupons in student passports must be exchanged for reserved seats to the home games. According to the new schedule which has just been released, students may exchange coupons for reserved seats to the Michigan State Dad’s Day game on October 21, as follows:
PARIS—^Premier Edouard Daladier, who left the war office early Saturday afternoon, had not returned by night. Rumor has it that he has departed for an inspection of French positions on the western front.
Union Sweet Shop Provides A Rendezvous For The Red Hot, Low Down, Divers Others
light assignments. On* the other hand, later on, the nickelodian plays spasmodically and ice is good to the last drop. But the time of day is most easily seen. In the morning the waitresses are smiling and feeling like it. The menu consists of toast and cokes. Books are open to assigned pages, and an attempt is made to get what wasn’t done the night before. At noon the waitresses are smiling. The menu has been changed and cokes are the order of the day. Morning cuts are discussed, and books lies closed on the tables. No attempt is made &t studying, for time is precious and you won’t be called on today ansnvay. By late afternoon there are longfaced waitresses, half the football squad is around, and the “Joes” are getting in their last licks before going to dinner. Nothing has any future, and an evening of study does not appeal to anyone.
Exponent Editorial staff: Those scheduled .<to work Monday night are: night editor, Willsey; issue editor, Heaton; workers, Jenkins, Skaller up, Kennedy, Lynn; stooge, McKee.
With over 1,000 persons present,^ the first PIA tea dance was reported as being a complete success. A large deleg^ition from the Women’s Residence Halls swelled the feminine population. Acting as “ice-breakers”, mem-
After four days of 99 and 100 degree temperatures, the sweltering bottom fell out of the sky yesterday. It was only a momentary will o’ the wisp rain, but it was wet. It was August 23 since Jupiter Pluvius last put in an appearance hereabouts. Friday night was the first time in gosh how long that the mercuiry has descended into the freezing seventies. Incidently the last week or so is by far the hottest we have had all summer and the hottest September temperatures ever recorded in Indiana. And what’s more the weather man at Indianapolis says that a cold wave from the Great Lakes is moving on us now. See you ’round the stove, chum.
Seniors—October 9-10. Juniors—October 11-12. Sophomores—October 13-14. Freshmen—October 16-17. The exchange schedule for the Iowa Homecoming game on November 4 is as follows: Seniors—October 23-24. Jimiors—October 25-26. Sophomores—October 27-28. Freshmen—October 30-31. A similar procedure will be followed for the basketball games this fall and winter. This basketball card of 14 home games is the largest home card ever arranged for a Big Ten quintet. Passports will be honored for admission to all nonconference games on the schedule with the exception of Southern California and Oregon for which the regular exchange procedure must be followed. A schedule for the exchange of coupons for seats to Big Ten home games will be announced at a later date.
Co-ed Exponent Staff Meets Tomorrow
All sophomore co-eds who are interested in working on the co-ed staff of the Exponent are to meet tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock in the Union Exponent office. This is the first call for a co-ed staff and sophomores who did not work last year, but who desire to work on this year’s paper, as well as those who were on last year’s freshman staff, are urged to attend this meeting. The work of a co-ed on the sophomore staff consists of covering all co-ed campus news, writing stories and features, and writing heads. The co-ed staff works in rooms D and E of the Union building every night of the week, each sophomore being scheduled to work two evenings a week. The schedule will be arranged for each evening at the meeting tomorrow night.
Debris Will Issue Call For Workers Next Week
With plans for this year's annual tentatively arranged Debris officials are issuing a call for workers next week. Introductory meeting will be diveded in three'sections—editorial, photography, and business.
Tentative plans for this year’s book call for a streamlined informal style of presentation. Officials have made plans for a special 24-page snapshot section. This section will be contributed by the student body. Advantages Rated as one of the major activities on the campus. Debris offers many advantages, according to Bill Strong, Debris editor. Most of the work is done in the Union. The hours are short. Several social activities are planned for the coming season. Strong also stated that the Debris rates high with the personnel service as an activity. Meeting for the editorial workers will be held in the Debris office at 4 p. m. tomorrow. Meeting for those interested in the photography end of the work will be held Tuesday afternoon at 4 o’clock in the room across from room A. Those who are interested in the photograph end and who cannot attend the meeting should contact Bob Dyer. The meeting for those interested in working on the business staff will be held in the room across the hall from room A but it is scheduled for Wednesday at 4 p. m. Those who are interested in the business end but who cannot attend the meeting Wednesday should contact Dick McNeil.
Murphy Will Speak A! First YWCA Vesper Services At 5 Tonight
Prof. Charles B. Murphy of the history department will be the speaker at the first of the YWCA Vesper services this afternoon at 5 o’clock in the Faculty Lounge. Selected as one of the most popular faculty speakers by a poll among summer session students, Mr. Murphy will talk on his Philosophy of Life. The music for the afternoon’s program will be provided by Mary Johnston, soprano. Miss Johnston is a transfer from Depaw and a junior in the University. The program which is scheduled to last only one half hour is the first in a series of Vesper services which will follow throughout the year. The date for the next one will be announced later. Bonnie Swope, chairman of the YWCA Worship committee is in charge of the services. All University students, members of the faculty, and town people are invited by Catherine Cooley, president of the YWCA, to attend the service.
bers of the social dance committee instituted a much-needed service. They made their way about the entrance introducing various persons, and generally making the gathering
more congenial.
Due to last minute technical difficulties, the “Campus Varieties” broadcast planned had to be canceled; Irvan Maury’s orchestra presented an hour program over
WBAA instead.
Student Awarded
AIME Prize Volume
/
University Military Band
Begins Field Practice
Not to be discouraged by the hot weather and threatening rains, the 150-piece Purdue All-American Band began actual field practice yesterday afternoon for the 44th consecutive season. AfT?r practicing marching maneuvers on University street, the entire band was divided into three separate bands and began developing formations on Stuart Field before a random audience of several hundred spectators.
Fire Chief Urges Greatest Caufion With Inflammables
Three fires in the last two days' have prompted Fire Chief Dienhart of the West Lafayette department to issue a warning to the University students to exercise the greatest caution with fire hazards. Students in rooming houses and fraternities and sororities are urged to be particularly carefql with cigarettes and the disposal of rubbish attendant with unpacking and the straightening of rooms. The intense heat of the last two weeks has considerably increased the fire hazard and while the fire Friday and the two Saturday were small, they might have had serious consequences, according to Chief Dienhart. A grass fire Friday afternoon at the end of Chauncey avenue, caused by sparks from a Big Four train, was quickly extinguished by the
prompt action of the West Lafayette fire department. The first call Saturday afternoon was to extinguish a fire in the alley at 525 Dodge where someone had left a rubbish fire unattended, which then spread to a nearby garage. Only small damage resulted. The second call was to extinguish a rubbish pile outside of the new high school. The rubbish had apparently been ignited by a careless smoker, While the building itself is fireproof, the heat and smoke discolored some of the brick which will have to be replaced. Chief Dienhart also pointed out that he and his staff will offer advice and conduct inspections of student residences without charge. Any complaints or queries on the part of students or householders will be answered as quickly as his staff can handle them. He urged, in particular, that co-op houses, fraternities, sororities, and large rooming houses provide metal containers for the disposal of ashes and rubbish. Last year several seriour fires were caused by hot ashes igniting wooden or cardboard containers.
Co-ed baton fwirlers desiring to win star leading positions with the famous marching band will meet at the Armory Monday night at 7:30 for a short practice session. Successful co-ed aspirants will be the first to perform with the band in its spectacular displays of alphabetical maneuvers on the gridiron. The band has scheduled performances at Notre Dame, Northwestern, Indiana and the home games with Michigan State College and Iowa. Long before the beginning of the present school term. Spots Emrick developed each and every formation that will be used for the PurdueNotre Dame game, September 30. Since Spots had previously charted the exact position of every person in the formation, as soon as the bands arrived on the field he began placing the persons in their respective positions for each maneuver. Especially evident on the field was Sergeant Shorty Purchla who spent the afternoon getting the 75 band newcomers into shape. One moment Shorty was seen taking the kinks out of a crooked rank while a short moment later he was seen at the other end of the field demonstrating to a group of freshies the correct way to march and make left and right turns. Rated as one of the best band drill sergeants in the country. Sergeant Purchla furnishes the needed stimulus for the entire band throughout the football season. After the three separate bands spent about an hour practicing the routine, the entire band began rehearsing together in order to develop a sense of coordination and split second precision that this year’s formations demand.
Home Ec Cafeteria Starts Serving Lunch Tomorrow
Beginning tomorrow noon, lunch will be served in the Home Economics cafeteria from 11:30 until 1
o’clock every day except Saturday and Sunday. Junior and senior girls in the teachers, dietitics and institution management groups in the Home Economics school operate the cafeteria, which is located in the south end of the Home Economics building. Faculty members, students, and townspeople are invited to patronize the cafeteria.
Central Switchboard, 18 Trunk
Lines, Simplify WRH Phone Calls
Ervin E. Underwood, Met E ’41, has been awarded a volume of the AIME Transactions by the American Institute of Mining and Metallurgical Engineers. Underwood was one of four prize winners in a pa-per-writing contest which embraced seven school^ in the Chicago hrea.
A pleasant surprise is now in store for eds when they call the familiar telephone numbers of the Residence Halls. Instead of dialing for many long minutes without any success whatever, it is now a very simple matter to call into the halls. A new central switchboard which has just been installed in the West hall has made this possible. Residents in the halls are delighted with the whole affair, too, because it means a telephone in every room and no more dashing around the buildings looking for an empty booth. There are 18 trunk lines leading into the halls and just one number for all three halls. Whether you wish to reach North, South, or West hall just dial 8413 and ask for the station number of the person you are calling. (Paid Adv.). Although the resident can be reached by'asking for her by name, residence hall switchboard operatqrs prefer that the caller ask for the station number. The station number in every case is the number of" the room that the resident occupies
in the hall. So find out the number of your girl’s room and it will save the operator much time and trouble. After the caller has asked for the station number he desires, the operator connects the call and the telephone in the room rings until it is answered. There is a system in the West hall by which a caller may announce himself to his date of the evening. On the right hand side of the door as he enters the building is a phone booth where the caller may step inside, ask the operator for the station number of his date’s room, and talk to her directly. It is preferred by residence hall officials that men on the campus follow this procedure when calling for dates.
. Exponent Board
There will be a meeting of both junior and senior members of the Exponent staff in the conference room at 4:15 p. Tuesday, September'19. INSLEY.m
' &
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday! September 17# 1939
Jumb^ JalL Activities Offer Last Chance To Sophomores! Any opportunity is worth taking advantage of, but when one comes along, such as it has this week, labeled “last opportunity” it deserves much more than just the usual passing interest. Especially rare is this case, where the opportunity is 100 per cent to the advantage of the student who sees fit to reach out and grasp it. This “last opportunity” is open to the sophomore who can find time in his 24-hour day to devote to constructive and directed effort that will eventually aid in his business and social advancement. All this week the heads of the various campus activities are making a last concerted effort to convince capable and interested sophomores that they should be in some activity. The greatest difficulty being encountered is, of course, proving to these sophomores that there are distinct and definite advantages from doing something else beside making required hours of study in the strictly academic part of the University. Let’s begin by admitting that the principal reason we are now going to a university is that we want to better our chances for a good job. It is plainly evident that we wouldn’t be spending four years of our life going to an institution of higher learning if we could rate the same job and prospects for the future without the education. We have the word of such men as the University Director of Personnel and the Assistant to the President that it is definitely to the student’s advantage in job seeking after graduation if he can show where he has engaged in some constructive activity besides doing his required school work. Employers are getting wise to the fact that the man who has spent his spare time in school wisely is going to be a greater asset to him than the man who has just completed the minimum essentials. It’s t]ie same old stuff . . . survival of the fittest. The same employer often realizes the frequent lack of a good social education in the graduates from an institution of highly specialized learning such as Purdue. This condition could have been remedied most painlessly
Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette. Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $3.60. Editorial Board R. E. Insley , Editor-in-Chief W. E. Smith Business Manager
D. G, Terrio G. W. Frederick. E. M. Antonini G. Schilling B. Jenkins
Editorial R P. DeHoog E. W. Donahue D. K. Heiple J H. McKee M. L. Miers J C. Willaey D. J.
Editorial Director Managing Editor Senior Advertising Manager Co-ed Editor Sports Editor
Junior Staff Business R. Fisher R. Hall A. Hjte M. Hagemeyer T. Petty G. Cox, Sec
Sports J. P. Dolan S. D. Marquis M. M. Richards Co-ed M. Burtsfield G. Carroll B. Simpson
Henninger, Art Director
Editorial 4005
PHONES Sports 2792
Business 5038
OEPRESENTBO FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. Cottege Pubtisbers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York. N. Y. CHICAGO * BOSTON • LOS ANGELES * SAN FRANCISCO This newspaper is written, edited, and_ published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it. unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director.
Night Editor—Willsey Issue Editor—Traugott Sunday, September 17, 1939
Uoke
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
of the
by the participation of the student in some extra curricular activity. It will be to your advantage, no matter what type of employment you will be seeking after graduation, to be able to meet people. Activities are the key to this attribute also. If, by this time, you have made up your mind that there is definitely something to be gained by such participation, see the Activities Bureau this week and they will make an effort to place you in the activity that will suit you best. For the purpose of getting these sophomores off to a good start, the Bureau will set up a table in the main lobby of the Union for the remainder of the week. Stop and talk to them. Now is your last chance to get started in your activity.
fitwi £icUJtA
QampJuA
To My Fellow Students: Why is it that so few Purdue students darken the doors of a church on Sunday? Is it because we have, outgrown the “ ‘old-foagie’ idea of worshipping something you can’t even see”? No, we all believe essentially in the Bible. Although most people believe the Word of God, they find it as hard, or harder, to apply the principles of the Bible to their lives as they do the principles of science to their profession, Are we so far ahead of everyone else that we do not need to study God’s word and its application to our lives? Perhaps the reason or excuse is that we have not been asked personally to attend a religious service at Purdue. The most common reason is that God is so good to us that we don’t realize or appreciate what He has given us. Why, my friend, is it that YOU don’t stop to worship the Master? Don’t you think that you could spare the time for at least one religious service per week? Especially on the day God set apart for this purpose? Don’t you expect to be a leader in “Christian America?”
I
If you are not already planning to attend a religious service today, here is a special invitation to hear Dean Fisher discuss “Fraternities— To Join Or Not To Join” or to discuss with Dr. A. A. Smith “Development and Place of Personality in Social Life” at 6:30 p, m. at the West Lafayette Methodist Church. Come for Fellowship supper at 6 p. m. at the Wesley Foundation house and make new friends. You are always welcome and urged to come to any of the services at any of the churches. DON GOINGS.
r
“I tell you, Chief, we got the year’s biggest horror story here—^three bridge players stranded on an uninhabited island!”
Students May Still Enroll In CAA Course Tomorrow There is still an opportunity for those students who want to apply for fiying training during the coming semester to do so before the deadline tomorrow afternoon. Twen-ty-six new names were added to the list yesterday to bring the total up to 110, according to a statement by
Director G. Stanley Meickle yesterday evening. Deadline for receiving applications has been set at 4 p. m. tomorrow. Applications should be made in the personnel office in the Executive building. Most of the cost of training is borne by the Civil Aeronautics Authority, the student being required to contribute only $40. This will be used to defray the cost of insurance, medical examination, and course fees.
Union Reservations
Deadline Set For 19th 350 Couples
Oh me, such is the life of a radio man. The reason—^yesterday’s mixup in WBAA’s programs. As you may have read. Campus Varieties was supposed to make its initial appearance of the new season from the ballroom between 3 and 4 p. m. Up until 15 minutes ahead of time, everything was set for the opening and then technical difficulties arose which could not be coped with in that short time. So, the program had to be cancelled and a new one organized in the time remaining. Eesult: an hour of music by Irvan Maury’s orchestra, which turned out to be most pleasing. Irv certainly has a solid outfit after his summer’s job at Pau Pau lake, and turned in a stellar performance. His two new vocal additions give his band an added bit of Omphf. Eddie Beardsly, the one new man in the band, adds a lot with his “Eddie Howard” voice and the three Ambassadors round out a very nice outfit. —e-e— Another campus band made its first appearance of the year yesterday over WBAA and that was the Campus Commanders directed by Paul Reedy. The Commanders played 'the Saturday All-Request Luncheon Dance Time, the program originating from the stage of Fowler Hall. This brings us to a rumor that we have been hearing lately and that is that campus bands may replace records all together on luncheon dance time in the near future. This is still a rumor, however. —e-e— Getting away from t'he local sta-
tion, here is news of a program today at 12:15 over WFBM on 1230 kilocycles. Called the College Circuit, the program is conducted by Louise Edwards who formerly attended Purdue and deals with news of all of the colleges in Indiana. On the air for 13 weeks last year, it has proved so popular that it has returned for another season.
Many of the summer shows that are filling out while the big shows are vacationing are giving these big shows a good bit of competition. One of these is the Aldrich Family dramatic sketch that has been filling in for Jack Benny. Henry Aldrich, young trouble maker of the family, has created more comic situations during the summer than Jack Benny does in many of his programs. While many of Benny’s jokes are old ones presented in new style and in new ways, the Aldrich Family has gotten across some new and different types of comedy. However, Jack Benny still remains very high on the list of favorite programs. —e-e— Many students have inquired about work on WBAA and how one goes about getting on the staff. In the early part qf next week, the station will hold auditions for announcers, and dramatic artists. At this time all interested in working on the radio should report to the station for these tryouts. Vacant positions on the staff will be filled from those who try out. —e-e— 73’s until Tuesday.
Those organizations desiring rooms in the Union for meeting purposes must have written requests specifying place and time preferences turned into Paul Cooper, Union President, in or before Tuesday, September 19. After this date, reservations will not be obtainable. Alternate choices of room and time should be placed on the requests for reservations because of the existing scarcity of room in the Union until the additions are completed. A meeting will be held in the faculty lounge of the Union on Thursday, September 21, at 7:30 for representatives of all groups interested in scheduling the Union ballroom for any Friday or Saturday evening during the present semester. Any group finding it impossible to be represented should contact Paul Cooper before the meeting.
AIR CONDITIONED
TODAY - MONDAY
. . . danced to the music of Louie Lowe and his band in the Union ballroom from 9 to 12 last night. This concluded Lowe’s present engagement on the campus. Earlier in the evening he played at a free swing session in the ballroom.
fftMOUS PtAY y A 6RM
' BUBABA '^ADOIPBE WIUIAM SISNWYCKNENJOU HOLDEN Now SHOWING
TODAY - MONDAY DOUBLE FEATUURE
DANGEROUS AS T.N.T.! But how that gal car Maisie, that explo-' s i V e blonde!
AIR CONDITIONED COOL
HELD OVER
liWS Wii THROlirSH WFnKIF^SnAY
THROUGH WEDNESDAY
Never Before Sucli Fun or tlie ScreeR! Scream-lineii scandal over shopgirl Ginger’s doorstep baby—and the boss' son...in a romance that races
one jump ahead of your leaping heart. siMGQt mm ROGEES^IIIWEMSunday, September 17, 1939
£xfwmjni Spo^ fiaqsi
,1 V
Coach Mai Elward Holds Brief Grid Scrimmage
Aided by sprinkles of rain and a less feverifeh mercury, Mai Elward’s crew entertained themselves at Ross-Ade Recreational Field yesterday afternoon with their second scrimmage of the season. The unorthodox heat wave which had taken football practice into its own control for the past week seems to be subdued by showers, and Head Coach Elward hopes for more intensive practice next week. Yesterday’s practice session opened with some muscle-loosening exercises, which were followed up with aerial practice, featuring seniors Lou Brock and Jack Brown, and John Galvin, sophomore. Candidates for the flank positions drilled on snatching passes, with veteran Dave Rankin making use of his fleetness and height in catching passes. Preceding the regular practice, the entire squad had its picture taken. Scrimmage started near 4 o’clock with the opposing eleven sprinkled with potential first-string perform-
ers and sophomores. Absent from scrimmage was Pete Timperman, who is bothered by a leg injury. During last spring’s football practice. Tackle Timperman, then a sophomore, suffered a ’broken leg. However, the injury was healed when pigskin practice opened. University Plane Builders Sponsor Model Air Meet A flying session with model planes doing all the performing will be held at the University airport from 8 to 10 a. m. today. The session is being sponsored by the Purdue Aero Modellers to establish some local records for Lafayette and vicinity and the University itself. Participants in the meet will be limited to University students but the meet will be open to the public with no admission charge.
Fielder’s Choice By Robert J. Deckard At this early date in the current pigskin season'fifty-million red-blooded American football fans are going wild, crazy, or just plain nuts, trying to solve the traditional ole interrogation: What team is going to be the national champion gridiron contingent in 1939! For those near and in the vicinity of the universities so ably directed by the Western Conference there is a question of similar nature! Who will cop the Big Ten title this year? ' —^fc— Of course, the answer in many cases is reached by just plain conjecture, the many fans guessing without evidence. For the readers, FC is trying to utilize a different way in solving the infernal question: Who? Why? The simplest method is to take a gander around the circuit, peruse each team individually, and afterwards draw a conclusion or two on the setup. Here goes!
ALLEN*:. SCHOOL OF DAMCINCa LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLy' BEGINNER’S CLASS OPENS Wednesday, Sept. 20, 7:30 p. m. ADVANCED CLASS OPENS Thursday, Sept. 21, 7:30 p. m. Children’s Classes Open Sat., Sept. 30 ENROLL NOW
PHONE 2150
I
—fc— Purdue Right here at home, the Boilermakers are on paper one of the strongest teams in the conference, barring none. One of the smartest backfields in the nation graces the lineup of the Riveters in the persons of Brock, Byelene, and Brown. Although Coach Elward must rebuild at center and left tackle, he has his regular ends and guards returning. The local lads’ only reason to fail this fall is because of the “suicide” schedule they possess, which is almost death in itself. —^fc— Minnesota The Miimesota Gophers have been known for years as a power house full of steam and speed, but this year the Minneapolis men will have to rely on backfield speed. Coach Bierman will have to depend on halfs George Franck and Harold Van Every, who, by the way, can really step. Captain Win Pedersen at tackle and Bob Bjorcklund at center will help strengthen an admittedly weak lin^. Minnesota will do well to finish third in the conference in ’39.
Our PURDUE NEWS WINDOW Contains NO American Advertising! It is FREE for Your News. Make Use of It. I sosV American Laundry vifst
FREE !
Dancing, fun, wherever you go. Great stuff when alone or with
people.
It plays as you travel. Take It canoeing, skat-
ing, visiting.
All-wave. No aerjal, no ground, no plug-in. Plays indoors, outdoors, anywhere. See this
great set at your supply store now.
at PURDUE WHO WANTS THIS G. E. CARRYABOUT FREE? Complete with Batteries—Retails H9.95 « s ^ I l/C Kt student who best completes this simple sentence hi SO ■ w CI w words or less: “Sheoffer's Fineline pencil is best for classroom work because ” DrS MY f "pony” full of answers in the back of the book, this r IM f • contest is a cinch—for here ore samples of Fineline information that will help you write the kind of on entry that may win for you this great radio: "... becaum FInellne’s double-length, thin, strong leads are permaneelly sharp." "... because FIneline’s same-weight hairline, balance and firmly-held point enable me to write accurate shorthand and make graphs, sketches, mechanical drawings, faultlessly,”... "because Finelihe leads come In 4 colors, and an average year's supply costs only 15c." "... because Fineline has a double-sized reversible propelling eraser." "... because so fine a line makes Interlining, small notes, figuring, duck so^ for mel" "... because Fineline Is the only REAL pencil writing improvement in 84 yeors." GO AFTER it I WIN, and have music, sports, entertainment, everywhere! MAKE 50 ENTRIES IF YOU LIKEJ Contest rules; At your dealer, save the sales slip you get when you make a Sheoffer purchase of 10c or more (SKRIP, leads, adhesives, pens, pencils, etc.). Write your entry on any piece of paper and send it and the sales slip to Carryabout Radio Contest, W. A. Sheoffer Pen Co., Fort Madison, Iowa. Send as many as you like—each has a chance to wlnl Judges' decision final, judges; An ad expert, a lawyer, a minister. Remember—you are competing with students on your own campus only. Winner will receive his radio on November 1 from dealer indicated on soIm slip.
a
SheafferS . PENCILS FROM $1-PENS FROM $2.75
ENSEMBLES FROM $3.95
SKRIP-WEU
Uses
the
Last Drop
Know Sheaffer’s Feathertouch" pen by the two-tone point trade-mark"
chehOpure SKRIP, successor to Ink, ISc. Economy sbe, 2Sc
New thin lead discovery I Permanent sharpness! World’s easiest, fastest, smoothest pencil wifUngl $lup
PARA-LASTIK, the NEW way to paste; does not curl thinnest sheets; IScup
OBw. D.S. Pat. 0«.
Michigan Whee,what a backfield!. A quartet of Michigan backs will make things plenty torrid around the league this year. The backs are Forest Evashevski, Tom Kromer, Tom Harmon and Bob Westfall. The line, centered by Archie Krodos and flanked by A1 Frutig, all-conference end, will be a forerunner of ill-will for Michigan opponents. It should land up in the top of the heap at season’s end. —^fc— North western Here is another backfield! The highly touted Bill DeCorrevont, Red Hahnenstein, Jack Ryan and George McGurn will undoubtedly slam the very daylights out of many a Northwestern opponent line. John Haman will be at center, with Nick Cutlich, Corn Aarts and Frank Young taking care of the important tackle posts. It will be interesting to watch Alf Bauman, 220-pound high school teammate of DeCorrevont, make a noble effort to pick up one of their jobs. The Wildcats, possessing a stiff schedule, will probably remain in fourth as they did in ’38.
AHENTION SENIORS
■ y-k
fONT HAVE TO BE fo" Swing along i'n "CAMPUS CORDS"
You don't need a drum major to lead you to CAMPUS CORDS. . . . Just beat it to the address below and look 'em over. These CAMPUS CORDS symphonies are slick as a trombone. Lots o' swing in these traditionally correct cords ... a bit of Sousa, too, for they wear like his "Stars and Siripes . . . Forever"! Quick step in and march out in a pj!r of CAMPUS CORDS.
$5.50 ea.
CAWUBB( CORD* UMvutmY^miD Tuomuif
College Football Game Flashier Says Wallace College football this fall will be faster than ever, with more touchdowns and more passing, according to Francis Wallace, noted sports authority, in his annual “pigskin previews” next Wednesday in the Saturday Evening Post. II I ■■■ “The accent for 1939 is on speed—
Ohio State Over in Columbus, 0., the Ohio State Buckeyes are not very jubilant over titular potentialities. Francis Schmidt will have to do plenty of experimenting in the line; nevertheless the ends are good ones, those being Frank Clair and Esco Sarkkinen. Johnny Rabb will be the nucleus of the backfield, while 200pound Don Scott assumes the blocking and quarterback duties. —^fc— Wisconsin Wisconsin Badgers—^Heaven help ’em—are still mediocre. The men td watch are John Murrat at center and George Paskvan at ffiUback. The guards will be all sophs, but the end and tackle posts will be filled with regulars. —^fc— Illinois Over in Champaign the Illini will need an acclation of speed and power. The flankmen are capable with H. Phillips and G. O’Neil and a flock of sophs, while Bill Lenick and Captain Mel Brewer will center. The “Zup” can hardly expect a good year. —^fc— Iowa The Iowa Hawkeyes have only a new coach, a new system and a group of husky boys, and Dr. Anderson is rather dubious about the prospects of the year. Captain Prasse at end and Nil Kinnick in the backfield will attract plenty of attention, though. —^fc— Indiana The Indiana team—a horse lawgli! Bo McMilhn and his juniors are at pm points already. Bo splattered his fair countenance over the lU football poster this season, instead of giving his Cream and Crimson boys some publicity. That v^ill just about sum up the Bloomington girls, because the down-staters just ain’t. Bill Tipmore will handle the blocking assignment and Captain Jim Logan may be heard from at guard. —fc— Chicago The Chicago Maroons are bolstered by John Howard and Co-captains John Davenport and Bob Wasem. The Fairwayers have plenty of reserve strength. However, Chicago will keep the cellar post down pretty well. Thank You! —^fc— Now for the big “prophecy.” At the top of the heap we like Purdue and Michigan, with the Boilermakers perhaps getting an edge. Minnesota and Northwestern will land in third and fourth, while Ohio State, Wisconsin, Indiana, Illinois, Iowa, and Chicago end up in that order. Let’s hope they do! Military Students starting Monday morning the Military department will require that blouses (coats) be worn to all drills and classes by cadets. THOMPSON.
more speed from opening to closing whistles, more plays per game, more scoring plays, fewer timeouts, less lagging all along the line,” says Wallace. “Everything I’ve been able to gather from a ground crew composed of the best football coaches in the country adds up to this conclusion.” Wallace reports that there is powerful sentimen^in favor of rule changes to speed up the game an^ some suggestions would restrict time-outs, especially in the closing minutes of play and others would deal with unorthodox defense. “The great danger is that the trend to passing this season will be overdone,” says Wallace, “Passing may be overdone, as razzle-dazzle was overdone. The wise coach will go all the way out on passing only when he has the passers and receivers. He will continue to fit his style of play to his material. But he will also try to get backs able to pass and ends able to snare the heaves. “Another trend which may speed the game is a movement away from the huddle and back to signal calling. This is very slight as yet. “Wider use of linemen as backs also will make for more big gains and more scoring. “In the field of subsidization there is a general settling process. The national trend is definitely away from excess, except in the South.” Recording the vieVs of officials and coaches I in all sections on the trend in subsidization, Wallace says in the East “some colleges are still getting them by hook and crook, but these are few with the trend toward having a college take full charge of scholarships.” In the Midwest “boys are promised plenty by both the alumnj and school officials” and “conditions are not so sacrosanct as officially maintained. But the conference is constantly working toward realistic sanity.” On the Pacific Coast “open alumni aid and deception are definitely opposed. Lilywhite is out, too, if it means being hard-boiled with the athletes.” In the Southern Conference “it would be hard to increase subsidization” and “definite organization of alumni support is imderway at many of the larger schools.” Wallace says that “recruiting by the gentlemen from the South and Southeast have provoked undeniable irritation in other sections” but that the “Southwest Conference has escaped much of the stigma which has been fastened on the South. Its basic plan of helping athletes is to put them on a job basis at pay ‘not to exceed 50 cents an hour or $50 a month’ and mepiber schools handle the situation in that manner.” In the future, he says, the Rose Bowl will have to face more serious competition from the Orange Bowl and the Sugar Bowl, particularly the latter.
Subscribe to THE EXPONENT
SUNDAY NIGHT IS PURDUE NITE Every Sunday is Purdue Day at Hutton's. Bring your folks and your friends. Enjoy good food in our large comfortable dining room. Air conditioned
HUnON CAFE MILDRED ALTER ROSS ALTER NEW OWNERS 410 Ferry Phone 8011 Opposite the Fowlerj1 i «k 4^ jv^,vt,>^VfSf-.' •> ^5. ?,/■'*I 4^ ’■ ,^^,y iii^'''•"’^T^zi ’-‘.AJ ,-*>.> } ^
'F ffe
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday, September 17, 1939
Aspirants For Managers' Jobs Meet Tomorrow Tomorrow evening m Room 104 of the Fieldhouse, there will be a mass meeting conducted by Dick Stapleton, SAA president, for the purpose of informing freshmen interested in becoming athletic managers of the different sport squads which represent Purdue in the field of intercollegiate athletics. Noble Kizer, athletic director, will speak on the importance of efficient managership of athletic squads. Others to say a few words to the freshmen will be Dyer Butterfield and Earl Martin, football managers; Jack Swander, baseball manager ; Don Malcolm, basketball manager; and J. J. Werst, track manager. NBC To Broadcast Louis-Pastor Bout World’s heavyweight champion Joe Louis’ defense of his title against challenger Bob Pastor in a 20-round bout at Briggs Stadium, Detroit, this coming Wednesday evening, will be broadcast and described blow-by-blow over the National Broadcasting Company’s Blue network. WBAA Tomorrow 11:00—Morning Melodies 11:50—Purdue News Flashes 12:00—Agricultural Forum 12:15—Sports Review, Mai Ross 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time, Hal Kemp 12:45—Market Reports i, 1:00—Monitor Views the News 1:30—Story Time 1:45—Town Crier 2:00—Magic Caipet 2:30—Food Facts, Fancies 3:00—Music for the Afternoon 4 00—American Family Robinson 4:30—Melody Moods 4:45—Story Book Houi
l-M Schedules SOFTBALL PRACTICE Tomorrow Diamond 1— Delta Chi vs. Phi Kappa 2— Phi Delta Theta vs. Sigma Chi 8—Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Sigma Nu 4—Theta Xi vs. Acacia 6—Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Alpha Kappa lambda 6— Beta Sigma Psi vs. Alpha Sigma Phi 7— Kappa Delta Rho vs Triangle 8— Beta Theta Pi vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon 9— Alpha Tau Omega vs. Phi Kappa Psi 10— Tau Epsilon Phi vs Phi Gamma Delta 11— Alpha Chi Rho vs Delta Tau Delta 12— Delta Upsilon vs. Kappa Sigma 13— Phi Kappa Tau vs Phi Sigma Kappa 14— ^Alpha Gammo Rho vs Pi Kappa Alpha 16—Pi Kappa Phi vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon 16— Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Sigma Pi 17— Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Theta Chi FRESHMAN TENNIS Tomorrow—4:15 Francis Shafer vs Bob Weaver Bill Musselman vs B M. Stone Emery Jett vs. George Siener Jim Clark vs, Bill Hensey Noel Kitchen vs. Fred Turner J Crutchfield vs E. Johnstone Don Blue vs. E. W. Johnson Dick Willey vs. R. R Northrup A G. Nelson vs. Albert Silva J G. Murphy vs. W. K. Mclnerney R Whitehead vg George SingeF’ Loren Brower vs. Tom Lush Sam Blusteil vs Dick Steffner A E Pier vs. John S Keeler 4:45 Gerg Marr vs G Kalbtleisch J. Matson vs. E D. Schlueter J Kolady vs B M. Glazer Bob Briggs vs R H. Herrick J. Schroeder vs W Schalliol L Osborne vs G. R Wolter L P Myers vs J Conners K Baughman vs J. H Shaw G Armstrong vs R Tweksbury H Treffinger vs Bill Fryback R A Johnson vs R Biedenweg Book Exchange To Close Sale Tuesday student book exchange closed its doors last night on five days of successful business. To date over 2,950 books have been sold. At closing time last night the exchange had taken in $4,103 of which $2,825 has already been returned. A total of 2,950 books so far, which IS about 600 more than the total number sold during the second semester of last year. As the sale of books during the second semester usually IS greater than the first, this represents a large increase in patronage of the book exchange by the student body. No more books will be received, but the exchange wil be open until 4 p. m. Tuesday and will continue to sell books and return money until that time. Students who have been notified concerning obsolete books brought into the exchange should call for their books as soon as possible in order to clear the exchange.
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Dairy Products I- MM M. E. MOREHOUSE DIARY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
• School Supplies "DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Florists
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Mam at 7th Phone 6050
WE CORDIALLY INVITE YOU TO TRY A GOOD MEAL AT THE NU CHINiUCAFE ( 409 COLUMBIA ST. CHOP SUEY, CHOW MEIN and STEAK A SPECIALTY
NOTICES
Sophomores: Will the following students get in touch with me this week eonoeming their work, past and future, on the Exponent editorial staff. H. F. Hays, Lester Robinson, Herbert Payne, William P. Etter, Richard F. Sears, Roger F. Nusbaum, Edgar M. Katzenberg, Donald S. Powers, John C. Jarrett, Edward E. Pickett, Robert G. Bosart. If impossible for you to see me, leave your phone number with someone in the office, or drop it in the Exponent box on the main Union desk. —FRED, Exponent managing editor
Camera Club: First meeting Wednesday, September 20, in Union ballroom. Program for the year will be announced. Open to all students and faculty interested. —HEDDSJN
Ceres: Meeting in room F, Union Building, Tuesday, September 19, at 7:80 p. m. —NICKBY.
All Students: Dean Fisher will speak on "Fraternities—^To Join or Not to Join” Sunday, September 17, at 6:80 p. m. at the West Lafayette Methodist Church. Dr. A. S. Smith will lead the upperclassmen’s group in a discussion of “Development and. Place of Personality in Social Life.” ' —GOINGS
Varsity Track Men: Important meeting for all track and cross-country men Monday, September 18, at 4:80 p. m. in room 107 of the Fieldhouse. —PHILLIPS.
Gimlet: Short but important meeting in room C of the Union Wednesday, September 20, at 7 p. m. All memben are urged to be present. —^FRAZEiE.
Classified Ads
FURNISHED ROOMS for students. 112 South Grant. Phone 4-6781.
Exponent Workers: The following sophomores are to work as hereby assigned: Lynn, Monday; Pickett, Tuesday; Lannon and Novcy, Wednesday , Mezger, Thursday ; Carpenter and Bollwmkel, Friday; and Purcell, Saturday. -FRED
All Students: Student applications for flight training in the program of the Civil Aeronautics Authority must he submitted at the Personnel Service, ground floor. Executive Building, not later than 4 p. m., Monday, September 18. No applications will be accepted thereafter, —WALTERS.
Novice Pistol: Students desiring to lire in the first novice pistol group should sign in supply room prior to 4 p. m. Tuesday, September 19. —OAPT. HOLMES.
Surveying: Make up in C. E. 6 is Scheduled for Saturday, September 23, at 1 p. m. Permits must be obtained in room 102, Civil Engineering building, before September 21. —LOMMEL
Catalyst Club: All ”nominations for pledges must be placed in the box in Dr. Lovell’s office by Saturday, September 21. Important meeting September 21 in the Chemical and Metallurgical Buildihg at 7 :S0 p. m. —NAOH
SINGLE BOOM — Innerspring mattress, knee-hole desk. 527 N. Grant St. Phone 6-J682. LOST—Green fountain pen from Shaefer desk set. 103 Golden Shops. Reward.
Finder
lost — Black leather wallet, please call Greenberg at 2476.
NEWLY decorated room entirely refurnished, excellent beds. Mrs. Shurunk, 202 Russell. 45764 or 8905.
Purdue Religious Council: Meeting Monday afternoon, September 18, at 4 o’clock in Room C of the Union building All members please attend —SWOPE
Playshop Tryouts: Tryouts for the productions "Brother Rat” and “Winterset” will be held Tuesday and Wednesday, September 19 and 20, at 4 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. —DIETRICH.
Alpha Phi Omega: Executive committee meeting in Room C of the Union, Sunday, September 17, at 6 p. m —McGAMMON
Gimlet: Short but important meeting in room C of the Union, Wednesday, September 20 All members are urged to be present at 7 p. m. —^FRAZEE
Zouaves: All members of the Zouave squad report to room 103 of the Armory at 4 p m. Monday, September 19 —HURST
Ceres: Meeting in room P of the Union at 7 30 p m Tuesday, September 19 —NICKEY Purdue Motorcyclists: The “Crawfords-ville-lunch-Mill-cruise” will start Sunday, September 17, at 10 a. m. from the levee. —BADE
M. E. Sophomores: Those intending to study Aeronautical Engineering should take course M. E. 83 (Aeronautics, Cr. 1, not yet listed in catalogue or schedule of classes). Schedule: Div. A; W 8. Div. B; Th 8 Room M. B. 108. CAA Pilots may also elect M. K 83 instead of 16 periods of evening ground school work on principles of flight. M. E. Juniors planning to take M. E. 93 in the second semester of this year should also take M. E. 83 the first semester. M. E. 93, First Term 1989^0. Add prerequisite Course M. E. 88. (9-16) —WOOD.
Reamer Club: Regular meeting Monday, September 18, at 8 p m. in rijom 0 of the Union. Bring reflectors, —REILEY,
USE 1 EXPONENT CLASSIFIED ADS
ATTRACTIVE down stairs front room. Near campus. For ladies, single or douMe. Phone 66254.
EACH BOARDER gets one quart of whole milk per day with plenty of good food served family style at 222 Russell Street. TICKETS—800, $1.00; 1,000, $2.00. Other printing at painless prices. Kane’s Print Shop. 401 S. 29th. Phone 6206.
TYPEWRITERS—^All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 608 Main Street.
Christian Science Organization: A special meeting will be held Tuesday, September 19, at 7:80 p. m. in room C of the Union. Important business will be discussed. -BREWSTER.
Science Assemblies: Freshman science students will meet in second-floor lecture room, Stanley Coulter Hall, Tuesday, September 19, at 3 p. m —ENDERS.
Exponent Co-eds: All sophomore girls interested in working on the co-ed staff come to meeting Monday, September 18, at 4 p. m in the Union Exponent office. Bring schedule cards. —SCHILLING.
Christian Science Organization: A special meeting will be held Tuesday, September 19, at 7:30 p m in room C of the Union. Important business will follow. -BREWSTER.
PEW Bowling: All PEW bowling classes will have their first meeting at the scheduled hour in the Women’s Gymnasium. Pee of $2 should be paid at this meeting. —KNIGHT.
1940 RADIOS
CROSLEY — ADMIRAL — SENTINEL 5 Tube Superheterodyne with built in aerial 7 Tube Crosley with automatic tuning
Combinations all prices
Largest stock of radios in Lafayette
-$9.95 $19.95
C. B. KLINKER SALES CO. 827-29 Main St Phone 7950
Sieo*4/A/
/SfSoQM,
The Three B’s
When Purdue takes the field against the Fighting Irish September 30, these boys will play a large part in bringing about a Boilermaker victory.
PETER ANDERSON GARAGE
24 Hour Service^ 52B Alabama
After You We Come First Phone 4048
SORORITIES, FRATERNITIES and CLUBS Phone 7828 for samples and prices on the popular aqualized Nibroc Paper Towels—no charge for cabinets. A high grade Va fold embossed paper napkin 5,000 to case $2.75. Extra quality Roll Toilet Tissue $5.00 per case. $7.00 nv»<4 $8.00 for cabinet grades. Letter Heads and Envelopes, Fraternity Publications, Menus, Announcements and Invitations, Programs, etc. Lilly-Tulip cup style drinking cups. Cabinets free.
LAFAYETTE PRINTING CO.
511 Ferry Street
Phone 7828
A,