i' V ‘ ' '. ,'■' ., ' , «, - ’ 'I'' '‘''>',!'^‘“-<''i. ► ' '■ >
B^ppSBMHMHRMp
r, ' ■> ■ *'ii
.jrhV/ *
-« t
EDITORIAL Glance At Editorial "Gas Buggy Gabriels'
SrORTS
Tankers, f^rosfi NeHees Hold Drills Tomorroir
Volume 53, No. 13
West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, Se|»temb6r 21,1941
Varsity Vanquishes Freshman Squad, 40-0
WBAA Completes pfan ■nexpe"e"t«l Ffo*** Outfight Strong To Go On 12-Hour Day Varsity Team Despite Lopsided Score
Alumni Association Officers Meet; Hear
Plans are now completed for the operation of the University radio station WBAA, transformed into a full-grown transmitter wim full-time operation privileges. Broadcasting at the same frequency of 920 kilocycles, WBAA will bring campus programs and news to the air from 10 a, m. until 10 p. m., operating at 5,000 watts until sunset and 1,000 watts during
the evening.
WBAA, the oldest broadcasting station in Indiana, first went on the air in 1922. In recent years, the station has been operating from the electrical engineering building under a limited license. Under the new set-up WBAA will hold a license for unlimited hours and will utilize
the most moder^ equipment, broad- Annual meeting of the officasting from the Hall of Music stu- cers and regional directors of dios. ;he Purdue Alumni Association Elliott To Speak took place yesterday at 10 a.m. President Elliott will be the first The meeting which was taken to go out on the air waves over the committee reports and new system. He will speak at open- „ <; n j . , 4.1. c 4. j 4! 4-- discussion, was followed at ing of the first day of operations. ' , . , According to the present schedule, Boon by a luncheon at which a the new transmitter will go into number of University officials regular service at 10 a. m. tomor- were guests of the Alumni direcrow, at which time President El- tors. Faculty members present dnliott, and Prof. C. F. Harding, head eluded President E. C. Elliott, Daof the school of electrical engineer- vid E. Ross, chairman of the Uniing who has been instrumental versity board of trustees. Controlthrough the years in the progress ler R. B. Stewart, Director of Reof the station, will be heard. How- search Relations G. Stanley Meikle, ever, while arrangements are com- Publicity Director T. R. Johnson, plete here, there is some doubt as Athletic Director Mai Elward, and to whether the Federal Communica- Assistant to the President Frank
By Phil Johnson Exponent Sports Editor ^ A very unimpressive Boilermaker squad played about 40 minutes of unimpressive football in the annual Fi'phman-Varsity battle in Ross-Ade Stadium yesterda;y afternoon before they finally wore down a very game and fighting freshman aggregation and piled up a fairly impressive score of 40-0. This score certainly does not tell the tale that was unravelled in the stadium before a rather disappointed crowd of 1,600 students, townspeople and scouts. The freshmen played the veterans on nearly an even basis for a better part of the conflict before they finally tired in the latter part of the
tions Commission will send notification of the granting the license in time to permit starting of the neW
program before latei in the week. luncheon were
When the red tape is unwound. Dr. Elliott and Prof. Hfirding will in-
augurate the new station.
Air Time Doubled
Hockema.
Alumni Officials Present
The alumni meetings before and
presided
over by Association vice-president W. Heniy Roberts 512, Indianapolis, in the absence of President W. H. Winteriowd ’07, Philadelphia, who
, The doubling of the air time will was called to Panama on government permit the addition of many new business. Other alumni officials programs and services to WBAA’s present were: past president and schedule. When the new program present director Burr S. Swezey ’13, goes into effect, news broadcasts Lafayette; treasurer Harry J. Reed, will be heaid daily duiing the six Lafayette; lecoiding secietaiy John days per week of operation at 10 R. Jamison ’29, Lafayette; central a. m., 3 p. m., 5:50 p. m. and 9:50 regional director Robert E. Woodp. m. Among the new programs ruff, Cleveland; Chicago regional will be a weekly broadcast by the director Bolney D. Lay’06, LaPorte; musical organizations under the di- Indianapolis regional director Denrection of A1 Stewart, during which nis H. Long ’07, Louisville; Lafayone of the four groups—Glee Club, ette regional diiector L. E. Martin, Concert Choir, University Choir Ciawfordsville, and secretary Eth and University Orchestra—will per- B. Baugh, Lafayette, form. Many old features w^ll be Absent from the meeting were: given more time on the air, in par- Atlantic regional director Frederich ticular classroom broadcasts, the a. Schaaf ’07, New York City; Ag Ag Forum, and similar programs, alumni director Leroy E. Hoffman A number of sociology, economics, -ig, Lafayette, and Pacific regional drama, and history classes are director Omar H. Day, ’09, Kansas
scheduled for regular appearances. City, Mo.
Students are warned, however, that University Staff Members Talk
painless absorption oi their respec- . , , . ,
tive classes over the air will not be luncheon faculty members adconsidered satisfactory substitute dressed the meeting, the principal for presence before the microphone. being national defense and the
part that the University is playing
in the program.
Educational Division Issues New Bulletin A new bulletin recently released by the University division of educational reference, gives the result of an intensive investigation of teacher’s attitudes towards children’s behavior in everyday school situations. The co-authors. Dr. Ida Kelley and Dr. Keith Perkins of the division of education and applied psychology, compiled a measuring instrument designed to find out what teachers know of children’s wants, interests, needs, and personality characteristics at different
age levels.
The study showed that the attitudes, as measured by the new inventory, have a definite bearing on the teacher’s success with children. This study was financed by the itniversity research foundation and was made under the direction of Dr. H. H. Remmers and Dr. E. L. Kefiey of the University staff. The measuring instrument was published by the Gary schools and was used in the Gary School survey which was recently made by a committee from the staff of the division of education and applied psychology, d.e.g.
Twenty-Sixth Annual Horticulture Exhibit Date Set For Nov. 7-9 Bulletin, for the twenty-sixth annual University Horticultural show to be held in the Horticulture building from November 7 to 9, is now available for distribution. This show attracted entries from Indiana and surrounding states and was witnessed last year by 8,500 visitors. Bulletin Revised This year the printed bulletin has been revised and enlarged. The cover illustrates the four dominant sections of the show, namely apples, nuts, vegetkbles and flowers, E. E. MacCracken, student manager of the show, has been working with the student premium manager, E. A. Wolf, in securing abundant prizes for every class. Last year the third prizes in the various classes were libbon awai-ds. This year the committee has secured valuable merchandise awaids. This adds to the spirit of competition in the various classes. The value of the first and second prizes has also materially increased. This can be noticed in the chrysanthemum identification contest, where last year the winner received a merchandise award. This year the winner will leceive a $3 cash award. New Class A new class has been added in the vegetable section. This year gieenhouse forcing crops, lettuce, and tomatoes, will receive special awards. Another class that is expected to attract much attention is the special exhibits group. This is open to all students who can visualize and sot up educational exhibits related to horticulture. The first prize in this new class will be a silver loving, cup.
Passports
Regisiration Workers Students who worked for the Registrar during the first semester registration may get their checks by calling at the Registrar’s office. I Ralph B. Stone,
Registrar.
Playshop Laboratory Group Holds Tryouts Tryouts for the cast of “R. U. R.,” the first Playshop Laboratory production of the year, were held yesterday at 1 p. m. in Fowler Hall. There was a good turnout including much freshman talent. The cast will be chosen today and announced in
Tuesday’s Exponent.
The Playshop Laboratory Theatre is principally a freshman theatre. It was organized for the purpose of giving freshmen an opportunity to express themselves in productions with other freshmen. The Laboratory group also serves to orient freshmen to the faster tempo of regulai- Playshop productions with an eye toward training them for
future Playshop activity.
BULLETIN
Four unidentified persons made an unsuccessful attempt between 11 and 11:30 last night to steal the
Purdue victory bell.
More than a dozen Cary Hall North freshmen discovered the burglars after hearing the rasping of a hacksaw. The lock hasps on,Lhe door of the bell house had been completely sawed through and one
window was broken.
The four pranksters, whom the Cary Hall men characterized as “from Indiana” excaped in a 1931
Chevrolet,
. . . for freshman, sophomore and junior students may be obtained at the Fieldhouse any day from 8 a. m. to 5 p. m. throughout next week. Senior passports will also be ready on Tuesday morning. Students should present their registration caids in person in order to receive their passports.
tilt before the substitute freshened varsity drives. Expecting to see the veteran starting eleven composed of lettermen in every position play a polished brand of football, the fans were oblige,d to see the freshmen team actually outbattling the Boilermaker varsity with a team that was built in a period or less than two weeks and whose repertoire of offensive plays were necessarily as simple as a medium sized high school team. Small Gains Defensively this inspired freshman team displayed amazing stamina, at least until the latter stages of the game. None of the best of the Boilermaker backs using their best offensive trickery could make~any gains of over 26 yards, indeed gains of over 10 yards were very rare. It was just the hard charging and small gains against a tiring yearling band that enabled the first stringers to mount the score to its final level. Probably the most optimistic point about the battle was the effectiveness of the Boilermaker aerial attack. Although used but few times, the pass plays were successful a good part of the time, and were responsible for one touchdown and the setting up of two more. Sophomores Shine If there was one other optimistic point to be taken from yesterday’s fracas it was the good showing, although somewhat sporadically, of several of the sophomores. French, Meakim, Hajzyk, Johnson, and Andretich showed spurts of ability which will put them very close in line for varsity berths. Freshman guard Guthier kicked off to the varsity to start the game. The first few minutes of the game was spent with the freshman offensively outplaying the Boileimakers but losing their gains in punt exchanges. One of Galvin’s long punls was fumbled by the Frosh and recovered by left end Jim Rush. On the first play Galvin ran wide to scoie the first points, eight minutes after the starting kickoff. Leugo was injured on this series of plays and was replaced by sophomore Bob Johnson. Frosh Fullback Hurt A couple of plays later frosh fullback Winkler ,one of the most promising of the first year players, received a painful cartilage injury to his left knee which will bench him (Continued on page 4)
Berg To Demonstrate 'Pro'Golf Technique On Tuesday Afternoon Patty Berg, professional woman golfer, will be at the University Tuesday afternoon, September 23, to give a special golf demonstration. Helen Hazelton, head of the physical education department for women, has announced that both the golf clinic and a mixed foursome contest will be open to the student body and general "public. With Miss Berg will appear VirDettweiler To Talk ginia Dettweiler, former Women’s Western Open Champion. As Miss Berg illustrates. Miss Dettweiler will explain the technique of golfing. The golf demonstration will take place at 2 p. m. on the Intramural Field. Following this event the mixed foursome will start on the University golf course at 4 p. m. Two members of the varsity golf team will pair with the women stars. Miss Berg began her golfing caWins All Top Titles reer nine years ago at the University of Minnesota, where she began tournament play the first year she was ever on a golf course. Since that time, she has won all the major women’s titles. Patty Berg has competed in 60 tournaments. She has taken top honors 29 times, been runner-up 14 times, and gone to the semi-finals four times. In addition, she has captured the medalists honors in half of her tournament starts, d. p. Vanderbilt Game Tickets To Go On Sale Tomorrow Reserved seat ticket sales for the Vanderbilt game will begin tomorrow morning at Deac’s, Southworth’s, the University Book store. Decker’s, and at the ticket office in the Fieldhouse, it was announced by C. S. Doan, ticket manager. The first tickets for the three home football games with Vanderbilt, Iowa, and Michigan State have already been mailed out and remaining mail orders will be filled in the order of their receipt, i.e.g.
Stamp Show Offers Baseball, Circus
, By Rocky Cliffe There’s a lot more to a stamp than a piece of paper and some colored ink. You’d think so, too, if you had walked with me through the fifth annual Stamp Show of the Lafayette Philatelic Society yesterday. Stamps 2 For 5c The first thing that met my eye was a placard in front of loom 236 of the Union, where the show was held. The placard plugged the poster stamps on sale at the exhibit, two for five cents. The stamps commemorated the 100th anniversaiy of the Wabash-Erie Canal—something new to me. As I walked in the door, I was confronted by an array of tables with books of stamps on them and business-like-looking men sitting behind them. I am not a collector of stamps, sQ I must have looked pretty green because a friend of mine working at the exhibit kindly offered to show me around. Auction Closes at 6 P. M. He explained to me that the men behind the tables full of stamps were dealers and that if I were a collector, I could give them my written bid in the auctioning of the
stamps, which closes today at 6. I said no thanks, th*at my income wasn’t up to some of those stamps. Then he showed me a frame of a complete collection of miniature sheets of stamps. These small sheets are issued in limited amounts and then given to fiiends of the administration to be sold later at high prices. What a racket! I thought. The entire exhibit contains about 100 flames of stamps from 30 exhibitors all over the Middle West. First Postage Stamp My next surprise was meeting the grandaddy or should I say grandmother) of stampdom, the first postage stamp ever issued. It was a black penny stamp with a picture of the Queen of England on it. In the same frame kus a postage envelope issued at the same time, but appaiently the British public liked the stamp because the envelopes died out. Baseball Centennial Stamps Next I passed by a frame of 1939 baseball centennial first day covers which atti acted my eye with their colored pictures of batters and pitchers. I wanted to stop, but my guide wanted me to see his pet, a
unique carnival exhibit, all done with stamps. It was a complete circus, including cages full of zebras, giraffes, alligators and monkeys, bareback riders, motorcycle tight rope riders and even a high diver. j Our next stopping place was two post office frames of all U. S. stamps ever printed up ’til 1939. These frames were the largest in the show and included a grapKm story of how stamps are designajL Well, that finished my day «rt ^ Stamp Show. I advise you to go if you want to do something a little different from the ordinary. It doesn’t close until 10 tonight. Yesterday’s activities featured a broadcast of WBAA’s ‘*Stamp Club of the Air” direct from the show at 3, judging of the prize displays at 4 and a banquet at 6:30 in the Old Chestnut Room. Today the show opens at 10 a. m. The American Stamp Association meets at 2 p. m. in room 232 and the Society of Philatelic Americans meets at 3 p. m. in room 236. The auction closes at 6 p. m. and the exhibit closes at 10 p. m. Qome today, there is still time to see a story
in stamps.
YWCAPIansCallout Meeting Tomorrow Afternoon In Union Tomorrow afternoon at 4 p. m. YWCA will hold its callout for all women students interested in the various YW activities in room 316 of the Union. At this meeting the officers and sponsors will be introduced and the program for the year will be announced. Members will choose the committees on which they would like to work. The committees are office, social, membership, publicity, and program. Interest Groups This year the interest groups are being formed, and each girl will choose the division which appeals to her. These groups will meet tomorrow and the members will elect their officers and plan activities for their group for the year. Each group will be responsible for some project or an open meeting of interest to everyone. For each division there will be a member of the YWCA Advisory Board who will act as spon-
sor.
The interest groups and their chairmen are as follows: service, Chan Ball and Carolyn McCrary; arts, Lois Veit; current events, Calista Creel; personality, Beth Partenheimer and Jeanne Weil; craft, Gindy Hague and Vivian Peterson; religion, Bonnie Swope and Betty Evans, s.r.b. Dean Reed Speaks T o 800 Rural Y ouths At Junior Swine Day Dean H. J. Reed, of the school of agriculture, in an address to the more than 800 youths attending the third annual Junior Swine and Crops day yesterday, told of the important role that Indiana farm boys will play in the nation’s fast developing Food-for-Defense program. The visitors, vocational agriculture students and 4-H club members from all over the state, inspected the experiments on the Experimental Soils and Crops farm just east of here, and the University’s Experimental Swine faim, north of the
city.
The afternoon program with Associate Dean of Agriculture V. C. Freeman in charge, featured addresses by Dr. F. B. K,night, director of the division of education and applied psychology, and by Harry F. Ainsworth, state 4-H club leader and state supervisor of vocational agriculture education. Group singing was led by Virgil Telfer, agriculture teacher at Martinsville, d.g. Radio Club To Meet T uesday At 7:30 PM, Amateur radio fans are invited to attend the first meeting of the Radio club Tuesday, Sept. 23, at 7:30 p. m. in room 254 of the electrical engineering building. While refreshments are served, brother “hams” will have an opportunity to meet each other face to'face instead of in their usual manner, via radio. The club’s amateur radio station,
W9BY Moves Quarters
W9YB, will be located in new quarters this year, and will have three transmitters operated by remote. control. 'The station will use the antenna on top of the electrical engineering building, formerly used hy^EAA. The height of this ana will make it one of the best lateur antennae in the country. Membership in the Purdue Radio Club is open to any student or staff member with an interest in amateur
radio, r.d.a.
Scriveners To Picnic At 4:30 This Afternoon This afternoon the Scrivener Club will begin its activities for the year with a picnic at 4:30 p. m. in the
grove behind the stadium.
The Scrivener Club is a campus literary honorary which publishes the Scrivener magazine four times during the school year. The magazine containing original student essays and poetry. The members meet weekly to read and criticize each
other’s manuscripts. k.r.
University Controller Announces Auditing Of Student Accounts Financial operations for the past year of the 89 student organizations on campus have been published in a 168-page bulletin by W. A. Bodden, assistant controller of the University and auditor of student accounts. The office of auditor of Student organizations was ' established in 1925 by the Board of Trustees upon the recommendation of President: Elliott. Purposes of the organization are to obtain uniformity in accoimting records, to establish continuity between business officers and their successors and to be of aid to organizations in keeping their activities on a sound financial basis. The organization operates through the University and the cost of its maintenance is met by the institu-
tion.
Books of the student organizations are audited twice during each year and budgets for the year are arranged, based on expected costs
and receipts.
Debate Team Calls For New Members Call-outs for varsity debate and the new intercollegiate discussion group will be held Wednesday night, ^ September 24, at 4 p. m. in room 301 of University Hall, it was announced last night by Prof. P. B» Lull, director of forensics. Besides the regular series of intercollegiate debates, discussion contests, similar to the fraternity discussions of last year, will be held at eight of the Big Ten Universities some time during the year.
Big Ten Teams
At each of these discussion contests, teams from all of the Big Ten except Michigan and Illinois vriil participate in a two day program consisting of five rounds of group discussion, after dinner speeches at a banquet, a radio broadcast and a final discussion which will be open
to the public.
Outing Club Members Will Have Picnic, Hike &tWAA Cabin Sept. 23 Members and guests of the Outing Club will make their first hike of the school year Tuesday, Sept. 23s. Meeting in front of the armory at 5 p. m., they will go to the WAA
cabin for a picnic.
Following the picnic, an informal meeting will serve to introduce officers and faculty members to guests. The workings of the club will conclude with a discussion of future hikes, among which are a ^ bicycle hike, a gypsy hike, several trips to State parks, and an overnight hike. The Outing Club is planning to take part in a meeting of all the outing clubs of Indiana
later in the ypar. r.d.a.
Forestry Honorary To Hold Stag Smoker Xi Sigma Pi, national forestry
honorary, invites all freshmen and sophomore foresters, to attend its annual smoker in the east faculty lounge of the Union, on Tuesday,
■ September 23, at 7:30 p. m. Headlining the program is Mel
Taube, the University backfield coach, who will speak and show ^ movies of one exf last year’s games. A short introductory address wiB be given by John C. Van Camp,
president of the society. j.e.n. Debris Issues Call-out Sophomores in working on the
bris staff should report to the Bebrik editorial office, on the second floor of the Union near the music room ^
tomorrow at 4 p. m.
The work and function of the organization will be explained at this
call-out meeting. mJ.L
Faculty The regular meeting of ulty will be held on Monday), tember 22, at 4 p.m., in Fnnlfk* Hall. A full attendance is «xpfl«U4. i Edward al>UR0UE|E^Kft<&N&N
SunHay# ^eplemfcer 51* 1941
■ ” (fb Wn
f
Y - "1 '< , # 4t’<#S > a;.,''4' ^ # '
1^1 tSife:#' Y. '
Is-
the Duki's Dukes
‘^fe Diike of Chicago, wh^ fol^ long a time has been publishing a .journal devoted to a literary style slightly foTiler than anything evet-appreciated in some dark hole on Madisoli vS^reet, has finally been told that money Cfl^hapsed with effect on the other side of the fe^ei:.>Joe Patterson, Col. McCormick’s liberal New York Daily News publisher’s cousin, once said Of the Colonel, “BeVtie likes to sif in his tower and watch,the serfs go by.” The serfs not only went by the Tribune Tower, but. usually they paid two cents for the Tribune’s caltoohed seif and sports page. After Bertie got rid of William Randolph Hearst, through Sicilian tricks borrowed from A1 Capone,-thevT'ribune had the morning field in Chicago to itself ^ and the Colonel built up circulation to the excess of one million. “A lie a day keeps the wolf away” becaine the t'ribune mptto,.as it grew more vociferous in its hateeverything policy. Which was: given a little color with nauseating , innuendos—and lately outright, proved lies.; CurioUs thing about Bertie’s mealy mouthed hate, however, is that he never got around to saying any really nasty things against Boss Kelly, no matter how poisonously fictional became the diatribes against the President of the United States. Bertie and Kelly still get along fine, thank you. . So it is rather like a promise of keeping pigs out of the living room, this story of a new morning newspaper to be launched in Chicago by Marshall Field III, now publisher of that newspaperman’s dream, the New York news^ paper PM. PM is still losing thousands of dollars weekly, but it has proved every newspaperman with courage and honesty has not given up the ghOst in America. Perhaps the new Chicagp venture into honest journalism will marie the beginning of a movement, anyway it is some slight hope to people’s good will. * The Chicago prototype of PM is scheduled to be launched in January, and will be devoted to a fightfor American ideals of. the Jefferson and Lincolh variety, and especially to consumate the desire of every person who believes in common decency to bi’eak the hold of Tribune Tower.-^J.L.T. ' GesSuggy Gabriels The following editorial is reprinted from the University Daily Kansan. “The old order changeth, yielding place to new, and God fulfills Himself in many ways, lest one good custom should corrupt the world.” — Tennyson’s Morte d’Arthur. These lines are strangely significant regarding the transformation that is taking place under the hood of today’s automobile. Gone is the older type of auto horn, with its bleat like a banshee singing the blues. In its place is the new musical horn, operatet^ by a keyboard on the steering column. .While these models have only about four keys, and produce simple tunes like “Old Black Joe” or “Sweet Adeline,” we must remember that the musical horn is in its. infancy. Think of the countless advantages autoists will have when this baby reaches maturity, and has a full-sized keyboard, suitable for playing, any type of music. Perhaps an auto horn concerto in fo\ir flats will be given in Carnegie Hall, and jitterbugs will gyrate' to the latest blast-horn boogie woogie. When
'■3- K
Entered as second class nifitter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate; of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1923. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session...Delivered„locally by. carrier for . $3.60 per year, mail subscriptions, $4.00.
Editor-in-Chief News Editor..,., Business Manager....
Ned A. Ochiltree .. ...John- L. -Traugott ..1 Don S. Powers
Publication Staff
Mdnaglitg' Editor i Lteland'W; RdfRler Associate Editors: J. F. Amos, J. H; Arnistrong, D, T. Brophy; ■R. L. Hadldy; F. 1. Jones, E, G, Kieper. !. r ' v,' i, Business Staff * Local Advertising Managers: K. K. Gjemre, R, E. Saxton; Circulation Manager: W, T. Bell; Accounts Manager: W. D. Millard. Co-ed Staff ■Editor:..., 1,.......,. ............Hath Rose Associate Editors: Mary k. iBdyntori, Ayce Chatfield. Sports Staff' Editor ,, Phil C. Johnsdn Associate Editors: O. T. Glarkj Ji'D. Fraser, J. S; Keeler.
. Phones: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792; Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377 Represented for national advertising by National Advertis ing Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave:, New York, N. Y. ; Staff 'For This Issue' Night Editor: Hadley Sports Editor: Clark ASsistaht Night Editor : Craigmile' Co-ed'Editor: Chatfield i Workers: Ronuemore: Allemang, Beall; Glass, Buyers, Pick.cring, .Nbrdadeera, Lauer. Sports: Miller, Potter, Sbvyards. IGWdsdow, ^Jafpifck. '
Int
«• Chi?fstS€tt Lafayfettfe CHhifCh' (Sixth and North Streets) 9:30—Student Class; Doyle Mullen, friendly pastor of the Christian yChui'ch', will' teaehV It will be good. ; . fO iSO—Chtireh" ’Si^oi’shill Service, Tho';kev. Doylfe Mvtllen.will preach on thfe subject; .“Sources bf Power.” Affiliate members will be received. 4:30—Happy Hollow Hike. (Note the change'in time of leaving). We' ;shall' leave together froih 131 S; 'Gfant.' Please ebittW on 'time so we may keep schedule and be back by 7:30 oi‘:’8:00. Pood will be provided at' 15c eachvnijMYbftet tb titear ;“pichic^^ clothel'; Brihg jackhives and flashlights.
Bob Boswinkle
Chri^tiaWfdiiiidlatioii MiMMelta
HikeToday
^taif irig; Kom the Christian
r»4* "1 Q"!
The i^h Colnniii
First Mifethbdbt Church (Corner South St. and N; Chauncey) 9:30—Student Classes. 1: The International Lessioti—Mrs. 0. S. Steele; 2. “Income, Outgo, and the Kingdom of God”---Prof,. J. T. Gunn; ’'3.'“The Christian Message arid Oiir World Today*’—Prof. C! O. Lee; 4. “The Growth of Meth'bdfsrii”—Eev.
E. R. Balsley.
10.40—Morning Worship. “The Church” will be the theme of the morriirig, meditation by Dr. Steele. Special anthem by the choir and
See by the' Trib where the Redk are going tb get a paltry 50 billion fbr their part in' assasinatirig Nazis.
By rought calculations that comes to about $41.60 j^y jvfary Johnston;
apiece that we got to kick in.' If it airi’t the. U,S6 . .... 5.45 6:30-Fellowship period
It’s the USSR. * at the ehiu’ch. * * * 6:30 to 7:15'—Three discussion
What we Want to know now is what you got to groups on 1. Open Forum on Relig-
ious Questions—F. R. Balsley. 2. Personal Relig'ious Livirig—Josbphine Balsley. 3. Social Service Ac-
tivities—Amy Meyers'.
7:15 to: 7:45—Closing period of
do.'.. ' ;
To be a Red.
One thing is sure though. The Russians and the
British may have all the glory. But by golly we get “Fellowship Vespers” iri the sane
tuary of the' church.' At 8 o’clock a “Pun Pest” will be held in the Foundation House at 116 Sheetz Streets ", Any Purdue student is welcome to any or all of these programs. • UniveTsity Church Presbyterian and Corigregational
Students
(North and' North Grant Streets) 9:30—Dr. Gordon Graves will conduct the student class. He will discuss The Teaching of Jesus on Cur-
rent Problems.
•1= :i: :i: 10:30—Cliui'ch seiwlce. The Stu-
dent Choir is directed by Jim Chase.
Of course after eight years in the White House he Organist. The has definitely proved himself to be a fair inspector speaker will be a layman, Mr. Earl and a better than average hater. So we are practical- Z. Sigmon. Mr. Sigmon is a busily satisfied on that score. But not quite. We simply from Indianapolis. can’t rest assured until have definitely ascertained, ^-^O Sunday Evening Club. Sup-
4.1, i u j per will be served at 15 cents per m the light of the subj^ect at hand ... , , ^
plate, followed by a social and dis-
cussion hour.
the satisfaction ... Of paying the bill.
If. -.f
We’ve been interested lately in the repeated statements by the president that he has seen and hates ■war. All we can say is that the present one has been going on for quite some time now and we’vb seen so little of it that ... We. still have to hate it on principle.
■ * , .t
Arid by proxy. * * * c ' But then it is altogether possible ... - | That the newsreels were better in his day.
CRUSADE FOR A TRADITION The Cork, that’s us—so called because we have tb plug this space every so often, has been out ^ doing, sofrie ; investigatirig. Said' investigating'has tb do with the'sad! stath of affairs' over along Hello 'W'aikv If you, chanced to pass oyer this route last Saturday and noticed an Exponent press, that was the Cork'• cblletttirig statistics; A's' guifte'a' pigs we ' u&'ed*'twbrt'ty pbrsofis'-'-air sttii- ' dents and freshmen (as Prexy would put it) of this institution. Thb firiSt part of the Gbi’k'^s ih't'eStigatibri (you can call'd^' Dibs; if you prefer) consisted of strolling up and down the curved walk and noting how many souls but of the first ten people we would, meet would follow the tradition just like it says everyone does in the Fresh-
man'Bible.'
Four of the' ten Were girls-r—riorie of which we knew (we’ve got-to gbt around more) and none of which' gave us the hi sign. On.e of the six men greeted us with’ ah enthusiastic “Hello, Pete.” He’ must have been feeling his cokes bbeariSe'bur natrie isn’t “Pete.” But the other five, walked by us as- soundlessly as. a dorm at 7 a. iri. (All right, so’ dorms don’t walk by at 7 a..m.) Ten people we met arid only one said “Hello”: there was a time; when Hoosiers were noted for their con-
genialityi -
We vowed to say “Hello” to the next tori and riote how many return'ed the courtesy. The first person we' met Was a long, beautiful co-ed clad in sweater and fraterriity piri-. We hesitated about pushing a greeting at' so lovely ah object; bht We got bold and, smiling like'a physics instructor handing out a “D,” said “Hello.” And then We wished we hadn’t. She grunted like it was
Fduhdatioh”’house at 131 South Grant St., foundation members will hike to Happy Hollow for their an-
nual get-together picnic.
The : activities, stai'ting at 4:30 p. m. today, will consist of group games, a picnic supper, and the regular Simd'ay everiirig vesper ser^vi'ce.
painful and stuck the nasal portion of her! profile heavenward. Aftferi; havirig: a good' cry, the Cork begRri to await new victims. The ririxt tWo Were childiien wearing the green symbol of innocence on their' heads; they asked where- the Recitation Building was. We got the freshirien straightene|l out'and turned" tb '■ greet tWo g’irls arid a guy. They were very cordial about” the whole thing and that gave us reririwed' hbpe for the last six'; All but one''of theSe replied'. Hfe s'eettied to be very pre-Occupied with a problem—probably debating whether or not tb take hisferrim'to the iftixer. So ■ we’ decided that people were just too bashful to' be the first; to say the good word when they go over the walk. If everyone would start gi'eeting all' passers-by, the Cork believes that an interesting tradition wbtlM be restored' tb' the campus'; Rbniemb'er; the ri65^t’'t'im'e you use Hello Walk, if you have a grudge' puT your car in it. r.w.b.
Alpha Lambda .Della, , ;n freshriiah women’s honorary, pledged eight girls yesterday afternoon. The neophytes are Carpjyn. Klgy^in,-,,. Margaret Young; Emily. .Ulbydr^ Martena iHiboia; Rftlh'' Iffib'QVaih,-^ Jane Dtinhar, Vifgihia'^ R’appV and Dona Marie Irion.' / ■ t Thte' requirement for 'membefsh®'^ f A;:;; is'ari index'or 6.00 for^either of thfe two semesters of the freShinah :. Pledging is held twied a :year.'ThP': period'^of' piedgeshifi' lasts*'' a’ arid involves red, white, and yellow arm bands and candy for the active members. KitiatTbri will 'h'e helBYor these girls next Sunday riiorriing. ■;
Mortori Coopter ’ ahJ" Wallcef'' Cooper of the St. Louis Cardinals provide the fifst brother: batter^" since Wes ahd Rick ^etrell* played’; together in the Ameriban League.
Jimhiy Brown, third baSemari''for' the St. Louis Cardirials is adjudged the best team player in organized baseball by most of the experts.
Dr; F. E* FfOLLfrit DENTIST 225 Vz State St., W. Lafayette Phone 5979
GREETING CARDS FOR AtL QGCASIONS RYTEX personal STATIONERY
iversitv Book Store
- Across foriiVlUnion • u i-, ■‘Rpcr* Hnmnions ’29 “Doc”’ Epple ’40
The Film That Hit the Front Pages from Coast to Goastl He Wanted Love on His Own Terms—arid Nb Woman Would Pay the Pricel-r-—Why? m
Just how Eleanor stands.—dkh
drivers are caught in traffic jams or are held up by a slow freight, instead of cursing and fidgeting, they can amuse themselves with music, even play rounds -with other, autoists; Children can be kept happy on long trips by honking out merry tunes. , And suppose disaster strikes. A blowout, the car skids wildly, catapults into a ditch, and dust boils up from the wreckage. A battered hand emerges from the debris, gainfully gropes for the keyboard, and honks out the “Miserere” while rigor mortis sets in. Autos will pass the scene with the fox tails on their radio antennae at half-mast, and muffled horns will intone a requiem.
Triton Club Will Revise AdmI’ssion Regulai-ions A41-old .members of Triton Club, swimming honorary, <WH1 attend a compulsory meeting, Tuesday, September 23, at 7:15 p. m., in the women’s gym, in order to revise the constituti,en.' According to Martha Rosencrans, president,' the society will be an
Prof. H. M. Baldwin Student Senate
. . . advisor for foreign students, showed movies for a group of Chinese students yesterday at 1 p, m. The purpose of the picture was to familiarize the students with Amerhonorary for upperclassmen and freshmen will be able to become members in February, j.e.r.
... members representing all the student organizations and honoraries of the different schools on campus will meet tomorrow at 4 p. xri. in the Student Senate office. The purpose of the gathering will be to discuss arrangeirients for the senior cord parade, p(i;pceding the coming Vanderbilt gariie. k.r.
■fe,
. ;;:!(}
You Ve Got Our Nunrber,4073
: When Your Glothes
Need Be Refreshed
Crown Cleaning Service Does Wonders
for Soiled Garments
'"TTW""'?'.'.' ’ '• —rrrr^ ^^^—r-?-—15' OaMviMigrI Z®%*JRWHp
m=6w fstpweij't’ iwiwiMpa^^
0 ^
presenting,
Team ■i;
i M
ttttkillm
iWiM
^ M^>'
w
li^l M^ard always did liate a nicdS^W^ of (iiiij|^ltJl^g#-i#'tIi!e'sli^-dcP _ciifa'Ch has added another liiie liis colijmii'entil;ied' ‘^gdb#. deeds;’' ;Sa»^^M^day he invites stddents to a^tdiffl‘'a#d^^yddittijSif^^^^8di'ljdsir_
better than 5O0 tuined out.t?6 see tl^td^^ss of a great team in
tiw^Wtelking. Elw^d was So please#that he c^ducted a.scrimmage—■ si^l^S^ng he hadn’t previously plpntied-tfi d^;> is UsUyify'a^liiili^’ dilpdfl any football practice field. If the interest afisdthe turhdut' w^ rifa^ order another Scrimmagd tomotroW. At afiy'rate; we laud a
btfef|*^feddclSf‘alid athletic director, whel is^ript’ tbo ljusy t#
o|^iiStfdiie‘lftfeW students. Lel?s double iE'he^’aiteiii«Mife#tdiftdrfdW*4fid'‘fii'fili#^^^
ii?^^i^oi^*^8te will be plerfty of roO*B!—Ted Clark.
of'.0: ‘'fi-Wf;
-STtej '. ^ J-U.
• It bliIfNappeit HWef ^ We don't know whetheir ityifias Cbfe vm&thee; thi':^9elk~0r^it^ii|pki pldy against'the freshman,^‘‘sdhioriti3/^or self asstiredfiiSSir^ bwi'djRiIdji^di: it vtras, somethhfg wUs' drastically nfissmg’f^bm thiei'BoffeitMdcefrisdl^i^v yesterday: aftemottW' wbfeh' certainly isj vital if ihJeyexpi&t tif'^xkti'Mj^i weekfovdr ■Vaiiderbilt'an# continue intbi'^d^wfnniiiigp seasOH'/ ' " '..U : Spiiirwas aliilost entirely Jacking. BWOMt^ 0^ spOtSi Tackling dms> on* thfe whOie^terrible. 'Too ni&eh^ of tfe aaftnuttii
necfc'Stuffi AJkof’fhO' bdcksf seemed^ to- b*
first h'dlf the varSftyliney'ns'cmnsistently-ocrtehatj^di iSacfiiPfel^iftiunil^
w r f w ; ; »- were far more frequent fir the^v^sity Baelffiel# tl^^irtthd ncially open the varsity swimming i
ixiMego
By* John Keeler
flaying hid first season as regular starting center on Mai Elward’s eleven, we haVe A1 EHiegO.'a^bOy #ho will be counted heavily upon to fill thO shoes of last yeat’d diititble TCd Aiiton. Sincd replacements for the piirot spot during the coming season won’t bei exactly three deep, A1 is due to seb a whale of a lot of duify out onHhe playing field. Comes Promi? Fenger A junior noW' in 'the PE sehobl,' Luego hails from Fenger High school in Chicago where he captained fthe grid squad during his senior ye^r. During his junior year Fengei^ won the Chicago high school championship, a fact of which Al is quite proud. It was at this* tihih that he had a chance to play against DeCprrhyonti a' lad who was evert' theri riatirtrtaiiy‘‘fartihus; * iliscounting the fact that most football players like to,eat, this gay lighthearted center freely admits (Continued on pdge 4)
DSiiSid/iil coniShufe t'dholS'firlF^JtkS:' ouM*'’u#feil thli incl^ent^"^!4atlieF sets in. Pall practice enables the playersfto keeptitii sMpbV aM it^aWh' develops pMimiiiary' feamViorlcI The coachhs aw piartingniure emphaS'i^ ontthe Tbasic essentials of the game in the practice sessions. They usually stress infield drills and battirtg"ij¥#ctich; : Sbphh'^Lddk G^dbd The Boilermakers have many good so^hohi'dtrtS'' t"6 chrtoSrt' ffbmv The sophomore infield composed of Jones at first; W'argO dt second. Olds at shuttSfiolh' ^ an# Wright onr' third has been performing in midr season style. Twq other sophomores, Schoemacher and Hipp, have been starring irt' the blitfl’erd;* While Petrich, aisbvd second year^^^^^^ has been" pitOhirtg' pretty steadily iff baseball practiee.' Alt irt alt, this year’s varsity baseball -squad looks like a pretty fair ball team. mVhg."
At f our> o’clock tomorrow af tefnootty in the FiliSJibuse,. f re&h* itian basketball practice officiajy begin^.; FabH y0r,; at^H c&Hy i#'Mb rieig'KborhoOd of 15Q ex-high sohool’prodigies and future college stars turn out forfthe team rsomie of them to rise in the limelight, some of them t^ cobtihue in-the liih0i8iSt>. others to reihaih Unknown. r ^ . Till'the end' of ’ thfe football sea- " ” ' ' ^ '
Bobigney,
.'. baptairt'-hfflast seaSort’s Sbilermaker basketball team, has been drafted. Accorafrtg to' hiS fraternity brothers at f’hi Sigma” I^appa, Bob is stationed at Camp Walters in Texas. He has recently been promoted to a corporal and is now an instructor at the army pt»St;
son, tj?e frosh will be under the watchful eyes of heqd basketball coach, “Piggy” Lambert, who will choose four or five teams' of men to continue practice for the duration of the season. At. the end of the football season, the freshman team WiH bb turrtbd ffVer' to^ “Dutch” Fehring, the freshman coach, while coach Lambert takes over the varsity team'.' AJJ Stan# Equal Chance The process of weeding out the fr'eahiriart squad, whi'ch will be up to Coach Lambert, will' depend entirely upon the showing made by the individuals during-their career as Riv-eter-haskethail players, andrtot upon' foirrtier rpcordsi Eyeryone' startdS
The 1941 EXPONENT knows that you wont want to miss this outstanding game of th6 yeaT.
Here’s a chartfte for you to go TREE as iHe ^ • •,'j 'Iv". . i', 't,';), if Exponent’s guestVaU yoti have to do is-sell ten subscriptions betjween’ tlie ilatfes, Sept; 22^'andOctober 22; and a tich(^rt tb tTe gam6 is yburs-.
Whether you get $1.00 down or $3.50 paid-in-full, it’s still a sphscription;
Talk to your friends. They walrt tb buy an ■.
Exponent anyway so they might as well get it , irom you.
seabrtii' A^tliat'tiirtbhll ypy^ity cart'^ been improving so mach’ftt' Papenguth to fofmUlate plans for It’A take awSstly changed ofilmfrona the,one that played yesterdayJtth^'wirtteir (^mpaigiiy. - ^ ^ they hdpfe to defeat a big; fast, ■efl^ient passing team like yanderbilt,t,^|^f ^eVefal’'' outstahd&ig: cartdiSates' has beert priifting; fdr weeks fo'f tl|h riorthero jaunt aftW Yailk^ bldpS,.^,,
i|B ’‘'v : from last* This ISdl'Bbirermaker ^arti is A ^eai burich of felldwi?.,,They-^^^^^^^ I team will be on hand-for their first tentially* a'great team—IF—they gjpi; cdWs^ntiousiy dywii'to w^ I Wl T v yy vaisity Seaabny Hpil&rtfaieey spbttd- contribute the stuff that is required to make A ^Cat t'Catot ,
farts''^haye’alre'ady'':''heard'of’Jdhrt'^hay.‘'’ca»ldw^i^^'• ; ^ .... v.-- -s '
Frcslimen iSurprise Most Ev^iiyli^dy' '
years aquaeade John lost a close . »• .i. - - ^ ^ and thriliirtg race to Adolf Riefe^ ' For a freshmah team*'that Whs supposed to he the smalfest in HistOTy the'* weHd ehairtdioW^^^ ' .^r thefresbrtiaii 'squad whfch put up such a good game yesterdaykfliOTqoii Divers Prominent* ■ was a pleasartt surprise. 'i T ” ^ * . btliet top notch performers-com- Hammond’s Winkler made soine c# the rtMy^iii^iai^Of^lame' ing up ft^^hyffosh iflClrtde Verrt -
Han^L a four-fbrty man: Claude
LeKrty and l3ick ■ Mcfearthyy f tee- .. ; i-.s ■' stylers. Jbhrtrty iuertgst and Her- Thck*Barwegen was a virtual demon m the Ime. iffs charge Was fSstiriiaffBauergive promise of'Strength^' his tackleshard artd low. For a freshman h|s use of his hands was quite ening the teartr in the diyirigAV dornmendahle. / . ,- ...^.,...^5,,
this seaS6h;‘biek'Phpetfgtith!'-y-dsA'' » "Back of tf^''jDsy" ^
very film diver in ;his c^etitive of t%Day: we nominate Stab Cofali ^17# pdfind quatfef-
frbm Clevel&J 6ln^ ^an playedarmagpificentWe;
f ‘ ,i- y.i +i;w t < -u ‘ made-him the ffeshmari’s TnOst cdrisisteritgr<itirt#gain#:"j^(ini'i:heS^e^
teadmgi^^^ton^:meff^w^
have already'^“dem vamty ^ mon^ratns IS Di^ .I^ateer^ Cap- crt ^Urrle, former Cathedraiof lhdiatfapMyAtkt^;Ap#=fiMl^rtliii^
standing on his own one yard line deserve^^trtmertdat'foH-'Migfie#^
yard free style. Johnny Carney}' • Tullback SlttiatlCMIiyHot ailO Coljkxv ' four-forty star of last year’s teamf Former qua^terhaeki^ee^^Snyderi^nd former left half iJohif^Alidretfe]^ will also be on hand to win his shard who were recently shifted to the fultbafek pt^^both Irandled theh:; p&SiS; of points. : tions rather capably in yesterday’s tussle. This'IrwdSome will hfet|SP'P^‘ Mann Teaches Papenguth relief f6r J6hh'P‘etty dufing the sAdftly approachirig campaign, i Riveter swim fortunes have stead- This spirte fradtUre su'ffered'by Petty’s former relief man. Bill Buffing^ ily irtiproved since the advent of ton> when he was acidentally kneed last week in practice, is certapi|y a Dick'Papenguth to the leadership of toUghhlew tb both'the teahi and ■M'r'; Buffingf&ffv Boilermaker natators. Dick received Many persens who saw Bill crti-ry the middle of last yoffir^d OMw-Shite ■ (Continued on page 4) line wit A hik for a scbfe in'last year’s fracas still talking abort'i:^;,
What do you Want from a liwtiMdry? . . . CONVENIENCE ' ' . . . ' ... ATTRACTIVENESS . ,. DEPENDABffiiTV V. .ECbN(MlV ' 'V" '
an equal chance , at the beginning,, and all ffeshmeff who' haVe had 'any basketball experience, at all are' urged to artS-Wer; the'callV No ptite is’ going to riide on MS'irtUrteiS, and the squad will be picked from the men showirtg-Up'best-at'sei'irtirtfirtg'eh: ypr the time being, practice sessirtns will be held on the court on the 3rd’'flooii ofHlfe field'* hottseV The varsity court won’t-be set up in the Fieidhouse urttil the''ehd'tif football season; as the football squad often' uses-this'space during'bad weather. Vafsit'y'Ffafe'tifceS;'''Aid6'''''' ''' The varsity basketball squad has been practicing, independently of coaching supervision, for the last
week.
Come down to the Exponent office and get ||
your subscription blanks now.
Office Headquarters—^Sub-Basement of the Purdue Memorial Upion The West Side Is Your Territory! A Ticket to the Footbdtl (kime ts Yoiir Prize!
\ i
SouthwortM^s
Southwmih^i*
I V
1’^;.
i'W,
w.
Pvssve EXPONENT-
SunSaj'. SeptemEeK 21.
Varsity Vanquishes, Mgef the Team...
AcricUltnirlst Business staff: Shosrt meet- to explain faculty counscIinK system and
iUB Monday, September 22 at 4 p.m. at- library tour,
office. Bo prompt. —ARVIl5sON
<Continued from page 1) ^ for seveyal weeks. This Hammond -fullback played bang up ball both offensively and defensively before beiwgiblured. The remaining minutes of the first half were rather uneventful, marked by varsity "gains in punt exchanges until shortly before the gun. A drive spurred by Chester McCaffry and Andretich carried the ball to the 11, from where Chester passes a six pointer to McCaffry. Score at half time, 14-0. Cook led an early second half advance, headlined by his own end sweeps, which resulted in the third score by Meakim, running wide from the 22 behind the best blocking shown in the game. The rest of the 20 minute third quarter was played on near even terms with no scoring threats. Fourth of the six Boilermaker touchdowns came as a result of a break after a spirited drive. Berto carried the ball to the two yard line where he fumbled. Barry French fell on the loose ball in the end zone for the scored Galvin converted. Meakim Scores Again ■Meakim scored his second score of the game on an end sweep a few minutes later after Petty and Chester had helped him bring the ball to the nine yard line. Meakim dropped the pass from center on the attempted point after touchdown, but Chester scooped up the ball and ran wide to make it good. Curly Gantz led the final drive against the tired freshmen, with Andretich carrying it the final yard to score by bare inches. Chestermissed the placekick. Final score, 40-0. At the outset of the game, the coaching staff fully expected to let two evenly matched varsity, teams play the latter stages of the conflict. However, the improved play of the yearling eleven earned them the right to play the entire game. Score by Quarters Varsity 7 7 6 20—40 Freshmen 0 0 0 0— 0
(Continued from page 3) that he likes to cook also. Quite ofteh he and one of his teammates, John Petty, get together for a little workout along this line and they have been known to whip up rather a tasty batch‘of biscuits together. A Golfer, Too In his sparse time A1 plays golf. An average player, his game runs around the low 80’s—of course, a good part of the time he isn’t quite up to average but that’s unimportant. In addition to playing golf (;his summer he kept himself in condition by working in the steel mills of South Chicago. A1 is pretty tall, even for ah athlete, with his 6 feet, 2 inches. In spite of the fact that he weighs 192 pounds, with all that height no one could ever accuse him of being over-^ weight. All in all, Luego looks to have two very good years ahead of him playing Eiveter football. Riveter Swimmers (Continued from page 3) his training under Matt Mann, coach of Michigan’s* all conquering swim teams. Because of the close friendship and friendly rivalry between the two men, we continue to meet Michigan in dual meets. Other schools are very reluctant to meet a "Wolverine squad that sweeps most of the events in a meet. Better Days Coming It is the hope and belief of many that some day the pupil will excell the master, and the Gold and Black will wrest the crown that Michigan has so long held. With the constant improvement of Boilermaker teams that great day may lie in the not so distant future, e.l.k.
B^rdue Athletic Council: Important meetinB"''Tuesday, Sept. 23 at 4 p.m. in the office of I the Director of Athletics.
—ADAMS
Purdue Agriculturist: Freshman and .sophomores call out Wednesday, September 24. All those interested in editorial, business, and circulation • staffs, report to room 118 of Agriculture Hall. No previous journalistic experience required; many opportunities open. —SNYDER Reception: Christian Science Organization cordially welcomes all students interested in our organizatio to a reception Sunday, September 21, at 8:30 p.m. in room 865 of the Union. —LOCKWOOD EE Seniors: Mass meeting Tuesday, September 23, 4 p.m. in EE room 254.
—KING
Senior Civil Engineers: Important meeting of all senior civil engineers Monday, Sept. 22 at 7:30 p.m. in room 304 of the Union. —TRUITT Christian Science Organization: Rdgular meeting at 7130 p.m. Tuesday, Sept. 23 in room 305 of the Union. -—LOCKWOOD Modern Dance Club: Practice Monday, Wednesday, and Friday at 4 p.m. and Thursday at 7 p.m. every week. —SERBAN Purdue Engineer Workers: Miller, Nussmeier, Pearson, and WeStneat. report for work Monday at 4 p.m. A complete work schedule for freshman and sophomore workers is now posted in the office. —HAWKINS FAO Sophomore Workers: the .following men please report for work Monday, Sept. 22,, at 4 p.m.: Allemang, Alter, Baynes, Bickel, Bird, Brueckn'ef, Cohen, Custis, Edwards, Gentiles, Horton, Kuhn, Wells. —PEARSON Pi Kappa Psi: Important meeting of all members Wednesday, Sept. 24 at 7:30 p.m. in toom 306 of the Union. —SCOTT Purdue Wheelmen: Ride Sunday, Sept. 21, at 2:30 p.m. Meet in front of Executive Building. All bicyclists invited. —VANDERBILT Faculty Lounge: C. Crow, V. Whitley, R. Frier, G. Goodwin. —SEEBURGER. Scabbard and Blade: Meeting Wednesday, September 24, at 7:30 p. m. in room 304 of the Union. Ali members will be there as important plans are to be discussed. —SULLIVAN. Heads or Representatives: Of the following organizations please meet Monday, Sept. 22, at 4 in the Student Senate office in the Union : Tau Beta Pi. Eta Kappa Nu, AIEE, Pi Tau' Sigma, ASME, Phi Lambda Upsilon, Catalyst, AIME, AIChE, Chi Epsilon, ASCE, Kappa Psi, Omicron Nu, Alpha Zeta and Delta Rho Kappa. <
—DIBOS.
Counselors: Counselors meeting Monday September 22, at 4 in Stanley Coulter Hall
ERGANBRIGHT. All Women Students: YWCA callout Monday at 4 p. m. in room 316 of the Un-
ion. -
—HEWTON. Triton Club: There will be a compulsory meeting for all old members Tuesday, September 23, at 7:16 p. m. in the women’s
gym.
—KRAEPELIEN. PEW Horseback Riding Classes: The first lecture required for credit in this course will be given Tuesday, September 23, at 7:16 p. m. in the lecture room of the women’s feym. If for any reason you cannot be present please notify the women’s
gym.
—CASE. Reamer Club: Meeting Monday, September 22 in room 302 of the Unioi} at 7:30 p. m. Important. —RUFFNER. Roger Williams Club: Picnic and-,ves-per service at Wiley’s Sunday evening September 21. Meet at the church at 6:30 p. m. —ARTMAN. Sophomore U,nion Workers: Will the following members of the music room committee meet Monday at 4:16 in the West
Classified Ads
( ' Typewriters—Adding machines, all makes sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph and multigraph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, 606 Main. Phone 2779, Lafayette. For Rent: Single room, comfortable and, clean. Home cooked meals. Reasonable prices. Phone 41442, 740 Robinson St. Anyone with information about where John Dodds left his books»notebooks, etc., please report to Professor Harding’s office. Lost: Log Log Dectrig Slide Rule. Finder please call 2424. Name on case. Rule No. G88464. Wanted: Student to exchange work — full or part time — for comfortable room in West Lafayette home.
EAT GRAVES' BAKERY PRODUCTS
WEST SIDE CLEANERS Gives You “FASHION BOOK” Smartness i 1 West Side cleaning puts your dress or suit right hack in the fashion book looking fresh and pert, just as if it belongs there. It brightens colors, to vie with any of autumn’s popular hues. It gives your garment back its neat lines, perfectly pressed and fitted better than ever before. Get ready for fall! Call us today.
NORTHWESTERN AT VINE
PHONE 4081
Patronize Purdue Exponent Advertisers
son-Smith
• Radio Review ^ Biography: “Death "Valley Days,” radio’s oldest net'work dramatic piogram, celebrated its 11th anniversary with its broadcast of last Thursday, September 18.
WGN . 7ZO . NBC
The CBS program was first broadcast in September of 1930, and since then nearly 600 true stories of the Old and New West have been presented in the series, with the Old Ranger as narrator. The program is written by Ruth C. Woodman, who regularly makes trips to the Death Valley region to gather and authenticate her story material.
WLS - 890 - NBC
At 7:30 o’clock tonight, “Blondie Stops the Monkey Business.” This popular series never seems to run out of laughs; so for some fun, listen to “Blondie” over CBS.
WMAQ - 670 - NBC
Also tonight are “Lux Radio Theater” at 6 p. m., and “Master-" works of Music” at 9 p. m. It’s a good night for listening—provided, of course, that you don’t have too many preps tomorrow.
WBBM - 780 - 'CBS
The celebrated “Surprise” symphony by Haydn, which this year marks it 150th anni;^rsary, will be played by the Music Hall StringSymphony under Maurice Baron during the Radio City Music Hall on the Air-program today at 10:30 a. m. over NBC-B. Jan Peerce, tenor will he heard singing “0 Del Mio Dolce Ardor” from Gluck’s “Orfeo,” and “A Dream” and “I Love Thee” by Grieg. The orchestra will complete the program with “Valse Triste” by Sibelius, and selections from “Car-
men” by Bizet.
Notices
Exponent Sophomores: New men are as* signed to nights as follows—Eckstein, Monday, Wednesday; Kimbrell, Monday, Wednesday ; Shevell. Monday, Friday; Starr, Monday, Thursday; Wells, Monday, Wednesday : Glaspie, Monday, Friday; Summers, Tuesday, Thursday; Kumlandcr, Tuesday, Thursday; Allemang, Tuesday, Saturday ; Glass, Wednesday, Saturday/
—RUFFNER
Novice Pistol Group: Student desiring to fire in the first novice pistol group starting Sept. 23, 1941 may sign up in the supply room of the armory now.
—BRPWN.
Military Code Classes; Extra-curricular code“ instruction will be conducted by the military department again this year for any male students interested. Announcement of the schedule w'ill bo made the last week in October. —BURKHART. Student Tutors in Mathematics: Students Who arc competent and wiio wish to do tutoring in mathematics should leave their names and telephone numbers at the math department office. —AYRES Outing Club; All students are invited to meeting of Purdue Outing Club Tuesday, September 23. Meet in front of Armory at 5 p.m. to hike to cabin. For picnic reservations call Ted Parker, 7G271, or Marjorie Ward, 41111, before Monday night, September 22. —WARD I Exponent Sophomore Coeds: Work schedule is posted in office. Please chock and report on days assigned. —ROSE Freshmen Engineers: Scaling assignments for engineering lectures to be held in Fowler Hall are posted near the front entrance on the ground floor in Michael Golden Shops. —W. A. KNAPP StuA^ents Eligible for N. Y. A.: Inquire at Play.shop business office, Fowler Hall, about available N. Y. A. jobs in connection with dramatics. —CARMICHAEL Lutheran Students: There will be a social meeting of all the Lutheran students at the Holy Trinity English Lutheran Church, 619 North Ninth St., at 7:30 p.m. Sunday, Sept. 21. —ANTAL Radio Club: Meeting in room 254 of EE building Tuesday, September 23, at 7:30 p.m. Refreshments! Come meet the new sponsor and the fellows. —KING
Everything for a College Education
DEAC’S
LEARN TO DANCE A PRIVATE LESSON WILL BE GIVEN FREE OF CHARGE Wed., Sept. 24, 7:00 p. i-ai. TO THOSE WISHING TO ENROLL IN OUR NEW ADULT BEGINNER'S CLASS ADVANCED PUPILS ENROLL THURS., SEPT. 25 7 p. m. ALLEN^S 6th and Ferry'
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
DERBY HATS 20c AT DEAC’S H. G. REISNER BOOK STORE