5 '
\
I 9 I C t I
llliinois, 20; MinnesdI'a, 13 Fordhairi, 0; N. Carolina, 0 Wisconsin, 17; Missouri, 9 Volume 55, No. 25
Established 1889
Beat Northwestern
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Indiana U*, 12; Nabratka, d Iowa Saalfawks,26; Mick., 14 Notre Dama, 27; Stanford, 0 Sunday, October 11, 1942
Boilermakers Nose
H.'V,/'' J
It
ar Council Plans Corivo For Enlisted Reservists
For Fl
<( •'".i
ion
Beauty Contest
Representatives Of All Services Speak To Students Wednesday Wednesday at 7:30 p, m. the Student War Council will sponsor a special War Convocation in the Hall of Music for the benefit of the students now in the Enlisted Reserves and those who desire to get into the Enlisted Reserve of some branch
of the service.
The program will consist of short talks and discussions by a representative from each branch of the service about the opportunities and advantages to —
be had in the particular branch of the service which he represents, and each speaker will make the status of a person enlisted in the Reserve Corps as clear as is possible at this time.
The officers who will speak are
Lt. Col. B. F. Hoge of the United States Cavalry, who will talk for the Army; Lt. A. C. Dumont, who will represent the Army Air Corps; Lt. R. L. Nipper, who will Represent the Navy; Lt. D, E. Oren, from the Navy Air Corps, and Lt. E. F. Ziegler, who will representithe Malines. Several University officials
will also appear on the piogiam. Stay On Campus Two Days These officers will be on the cam-
pus for two days following the convocation to have individual interviews with any students who have particular questions that were not covered in the discussion at the meeting. These interviews will be held in the ArxnoRy, and it will be possible fop students who desire to enlist in the Enlisted Reserve Corps of any branch ofThe service represented at the convo to do so at this
time. ' I' The convocation is expected to at-
tract a large student audience inasmuch as student status in the various enlisted reserves may be a deciding factor on whether or not some students finish school or whether they go into the Army
early next year.
Reserve Enlistmer^ts For Upperclassmen To Close Dec. 31 Enlistments of present second semester freshmen, sophomores, juniors, and seniors for the Enlisted Resei’ve Corps will close Dec. 31, and first term freshmen must be enlisted before finish of freshman year. It is urgent that the applications be placed now. They should be made in Room B-4 of the Armory. Enlistment Requirements Requirements for eligiblity for enlistment is citizenship* in the Uniied States, and the student must be 18 years of age, educationally, morally, physically, and p.sychologically qualified for appointment. He must also be in full time attendance ^n the University. If any student has made application and not been enlisted he should go to room B-4 of the Armory at his first opportunity to complete the enlistment. Called Only In Emergency Enlisted Reserve Corps members are subject to call only by the Secretary of War whenever war emergencies demands such action. Dr- Joseph Tiffin ... of the division of education and applied psychology will be in Chicago tomorrow to speak before the Academy of Ophthalmology of the American Medical Association on “Visual Problems of Industry.”
Entries Due Oct. 15 At Union West Desk Judging of the annual Debris
Beauty Contest will be held Tuesday, October 20, in the North Ballroom of the Union. Plans for the judging are now complete. The judges, however, will not be announced until the day of the con-
test.
As in years'before, the four winners will each have a full page picture in.the next issue of the Debris. The eight lunners-up will be featured in a spread covering two
pages.
Central y to previous years the contest will not be open to the public. Debris is unable to open it to the public because of many difficulties. The winners of the contest will be presented, however, at the Homecoming Mixer on the night of
Oct. 23.
To enter the contest or to enter another person the rules are as fol-
lows:
1. Submit the entry between Monday, Oct. 12, and Thursday, Oct. 15. No entries may be submitted after that time. The entries shoiild be left at the west desk. 2. Each entry should bear the name and telephone number of the
contestant.
3. Inf01 mal dress will be required for the night of the judging.
Playshop ^ives Perforrnances For Sailors Program For Students Opens Tuesday Night By Bert Squier “Cuckoos on the Hearth,” Playshop’s first production of the year got off to a good start last Thursday and Friday nights. Thursday night’s show was for the naval officers and Friday night more than 450 sailors filled Fowler Hall for the show. Kay Foster as Lulu Pung, halfwitted cousin of the Carelton’s, and Arthur Pergament as Zadoc Grimes, eccentric author, provided the majority of the evening’s laughs. Lulu Wows Sailors Lulu’s entrance in a Hawaiian grass skirt ’ complete with lei and guitar was greeted enthusiastically by the navy. The weird costumes that Zadoc wore brought laughs every time he came on the stage, and his Russian accent kept them howling. George Zissis was very popular in his role of Sheriff Preble, and Art Barab as “Doc” Ferris was a convincing gunman. The Professor, leader of the spy gang, was played by George Sykes, who gave the audience many scary moments. Gossip Tells Story Don Carleton, a young Inventor, and his wife, Charlotte, are played by Ed Gruis and Maria Keene. Marcelda Jacobs who takes the part of Abby Rodick, the narrator, tells the story in the manner of a typical small-town gossip. Harold Warren as Rev. Clarence Underjiill and Carolyn Wood as Dr. Gordon each provide the audience with a surprise. Margaret Evans and Seymour Greenwald were excellent in their supporting roles. After the play Friday night En(See PLAYSHOP, page 4)
Free To Members, $1.10 For Others Iitay Kinney and’ IiiS orchestra will open this fall’s social calendar for the Purdue Independent Association next Friday evening with a dance in both ballrooms of the Union. Kinney recently remodeled his orchestra, dropping his Hawaiian band title and adopting an American version. Kinney’s HawaiianAmerican band gained an outstanding reputation in the United States and the Hawaiian Islands. Began In College Starting his career, with his brother, he organized an Hawaiian orchestra in college, and the orchestra became so popular that he was asked to play for the prom. After working at various jobs after college, he tooh up music again and developed his Hawaiian music to the extent that Hotel Lexington decided to name its new ballroom, the Hawaiian Room, after the theme of the music he had developed. Goes To Hawaii Kinney completed four seasons at the Hotel Lexington and then decided to make a cross country tour. Upon arriving at the west coast he decided to take his orchestra to Hawaii for a long delayed visit. The dance will last from 8:30 until 11:30. Admission will be free to PIA members. General admission will be $1.10 at the door. PIA memberships will also be sold at the door for one dollar.
7 To 6
Bottle Up Wildcat Passing Attack; French Blocks Kick
By Bob Hadley, Exponent Sports Editor
EVANSTON, ILL., Oct. 10—Playing the type of football that started to show against Fordham and was.utterly absent against Vanderbilt, the Boilermakers drove and passed their
way to a 7-6 victory over the Northwestern Wildcats here today.
Exhibiting a pass defense that, until the closingminutesof the contest, completely bottled up the Northwestern aerial attack, the Riveters stoved off several drives by intercepting
Graham’s heaves and returning them a total of 61 yards.'
The highlights of the contest were the running of Johnny Andretich and Ken Smock and the blocking of the entire Boilermaker team. For the Wildcats, Otto Graham was prac-
tically unstoppable. He made runs of 12 to 15 yards again and again with the best blocking aggregation ahead of him that
the Boilermakers have faced all year.
Opening the contest. Guard A1 Kapter kicked a long one down to Kenny Smock on the 10, who ran clear back to the 34 before being overwhelmed by a tide of white jerseys. The Boilermakers failed to penetrate the Wildcat fomard wall and an exchange of kicks
Dairy Club
. . . will hold its monthly meeting Tuesday at 7:30 p. m. in room 108 of Smith Hall. Professor Jimmy James of the biology department will speak on “Sex Physiology.”
Team Arrival The team is staying over in Chicago today to attend the BearCardinal game. They will return on train tonight, arriving at 12:10 a. m.
Triton Club, girls’ swimming honorary, will hold its first open meeting of the year Tuesday at 7:30 p. m. in the Memorial Gymnasium. The purpose of the meeting is to find out who is interested in swimming. It is not a callout for Triton Club. After the short informal meeting swimming demonstrations and ballets will be given by the members of the club. Water games will be played and will be followed by free swimming by everyone.
Eds Vote For Bigger, Better Dances Of Cold Digger Variety
Exponent Staff Woifk schedules for staff members who joined at last call-out will be posted in the office tomorrow mornipg. Please report as scheduled; see me for any adjustment of schedule. , .—ARMSTRONG
By “The Male Animal” It really warmed the cockles of my heart to see the females of this campus waiting on the male or superior sex last Friday night at Gold Diggers. It was about time they got their due recognition. My only objection was the slowness with which the gix’ls acted in performing their little duties of courtesy toward us men. For instance, when we asked for our fourth glass of water to go with our second double banana split, it usually took some time for our escortesses to get on the ball. Then, too, it took at least two girls to hold open the relatively light doors of the Union to let us through.^ ^ Sweet Revenge One of the greatest pleasures of the males was to load the gals down with junk in general to illustrate the error of their ways. My hat goes to the fellow who made his girl
carry a five-pound metal ash tray all night. The girl who carried her date’s vest on her arm all night looked like she might learn her les-
son, too.
The corsages were very touching and very becoming, to say the least. Some, however, were not the least bit subtle. The prize for best corsage was won by one of just that type, being a placard with a severed light wire and several tools. Underneath was the appropriate “Line Neeiis Repair”. The Great Man Speaks Voted the “most eligible bachelor” on the caidpus Bob Wilson, native Indianapolis “stuff”, had only this to say—“Gee”. My vote and the vote of many of my fellow compatriates goes for more, bigger and better dances of this type. It does so much to one’s ego and really makes it easy on the pocketbook,
From 173 Donors A total of 173 people of the originally scheduled 200 donated a pint of blood each to the American Red Cross yesterday and Friday in the south ballroom of the Union where the mobile blood donor’s unit was
set up.
A certain number of those who were signed up were not able to carry through with the blood donating because of colds, high blood pressure and other physical difficulties. The blood is to be Use'S in the armed forces. No Solid Food The donors were instructed to take no solid food within four hours previous to the appointment. Any liquid was permitted except cream. Anyone between 16 and 60 was allowed to donate a pint of blood, but those under 20 had to have a release from their parents. No one weighing less than 100 pounds was admitted. Many physical points were cheeked such as heart, pulse, and temperature. Served Free Lunch After the extraction, all donors were served a free lunch. The blood is sent to the Lilly Company at Indianapolis in refrigerated cars. There it is dried and processed, and the dried plasma is then sent to the biological laboratories at Greencastle. Key Salvage Drive ill End Thursday Henry B. Abbett, who is in charge of the campus salvage campaign, has askqd that all faculty members, students and employee? deposit any old keys they" may have in Key Kans before Thursday. Old keys are needed because they contain almost 80 per cent nickel silver, which is one of the scarce metals so valuable to our war effort. Abbett asks for fiat, tumbler and latch keys of every descidption which contain this precious ma-
terial.
Key Kans, quart size paste board cans, are in every building on the campus, and in all fraternity and sorority houses.
War Council
\
Starts Civilian Defense Corps Air Raid Wardens To Receive Instruction Under the auspices of the University War Council, the University Civilian Defense Corps has recently been organized. Its chief purpose will be to teach student air raid wardens detailed information concerning the proper procedure to be followed by student body during an air raid and the special duties of the wardens during such an emergency. University Companies Organized According to the new program, the University is divided into seven companies including the service and store employees, building custodians, ambulance corps headed by “Doc” Miller of the Student Health Service, and the personnel of the Union. Members of the other three units, made up of the Women’s Residence Halls headed by Miss Helen B. Schleman, Men’s Residence Halls under G. O. Arbuckle, and organized off-campus groups directed by Dick Sleeper, will be given a 33 hour defense course. A minimum of one chosen representative from each fraternity, sorority, co-op, residence hall and organized house club on campus will receive the instruction. Meetings will be twice weekly, Tuesdays from 4 to 6 p. m. and Thursday from 4 to 5 P. M. in Room 302 of the Chem and Met Building. First Aid Course Instruction in the ten-week course will include First Aid, chemical warfare, bomb control, fire control and civilian defense organization. Prof. R. N. Eastwood, head of the department of physical education for men, will teach the ten-hour course in First Aid which will be given during the first three weeks. Five hours of training in bomb control will be given by Lieut. Colonel Johnston of the University Office of Civilian Defense; and Chief Charles R. Dienhart, fire chief of West Lafayette, will teach the same number of hours in fire control. Prof. R. N. Shreve of the chemical engineering staff will give five hours of instruction in chemical warfare.
Big Barry
found the Riveters on their own 24, Andretich tore off the first first-down of the game for the Gold and Black, ripping
through right guard.
The Boilermakers were plenty fortunate in the opening quarter of the game when long riyi backs by Graham were erased by Moving pictures of the Boilermaker - Wildcat game will be shown at 8 tomorrow evening in the south ballroom of the Union. The performance will be free, and the student body and faculty members are invited to attend. two successive offside penalties and gave them a first down that started a march with Smock and Andretich smashing down to the 28 where Captain Johnny Andretich dropped way back and flipped a ^pass 23
, , , , , yards to Tex Smerke on the 5. It . . . the husky lad who tore took four downs to do it, but after through the Northwestern line smashing to the one yai-d line, a
and "blocked that kick."
Prof. E. L.
Pilot Instruction Time By Thirty Per Cent Professor Everett LoWell Kelly, of the University’s psychology department, has been given the job of putting the instructioft of airplane pilots on a scientific basis. The “flying pedagogue” through an unusual combination of teaching, aviation and high frequency radio has obtained amazing results. The time of the instruction in the CAA’s elementary pilot courses has been cut 30 per cent as a result of Dr. Kelly’s investigations. A similar 'method for the secondary course has been completed and will soon be placed in operation. A new manual for cross country flight instruction is now under preparation. Navy Works On Program The United States Ngvy is test(See PILOT TRAINING, page 4)
reverse with Bob Hajzyk carrying the mail went over for the score and (See WILDCAT GAlVfE, page 3) POMM Will Hold Banquet Tuesday; To Initiate Members Tuesday evening at 6 theiPurdue Order of Military Merit will hold its annual banquet preceded by the semester initiation. The formal initiation will be held in room 305 of
the Union.
The banquet, which will be held in the East Reception Room, will honor the new initiates. The program will open with a welcome by the order’s Captain, A. L. Jackson, and a response from the new members by G. F. Foley. Lt. Colonel Kinnard Will also give a welcoming message. Toastmaster for the occasion will be order’s pledge trainer M. Spetner; and the main address of the evening will be delivered by Major Meir, a newcomer to the military staff this
semester.
Jacket, Jacket, Who’s Got The Jacket? Air Corps Sergeant Pleads Return Of Jacket Left In Student's Car
By Tim Tilton Case No. 13: Concerning the unfortunate loss of one olive drab army jacket by Sgt. Ralph A. Beesley of the Army Air Corps and the singular circumstances surrounding the aforesaid loss. It is with utter chagHn and complete mortification the I, Hacksaw the super sleuth, am forced to make public the baffling facts of Case No. 13. My sole pur-pose in taking this extreme measure or final out, as it were, is to discover the location and assure the eventual return of an elusive army jacket, wool lined and olive drab in color, which was inadvertently left in a sinister black Buick. Drives To Chicago Sgt. Beesley, while attending the' Allison Mechanical School at In-
diana Central College in Indianapolis, had an occasion on the 29th day of August, 1942, to drive to Ch,!cago with two college fellows. (Itjis rumored that Beesley was hitchhiking, but as this is strictly against army regulations, it cannot be confirmed.) One of these fellows had thg misfortune to be from the University and the other even more unfortunately was from Ball State Teachers’ Uollege. The '^cket in question was not surreptitiously pilfered, although it would make this ease more thrilling if it had been, but was only accidentally left in the limousine of these two noble young gentlemen with ulterior motives as it now appears. Although in their defense, it
might be submitted that they apparently do- not know their military passenger of that fateful ti-ip graduated the 3rd of September and is now stationed with the 304th Fighter Sqd. (AAF), Pinello County Airport, St. Petersburg, Florida. Sgt. Beesley, in his late desperate letter to Dean Goldsmith asking for the return of his packet, said he believed that the car in which he left the aforementioned jacket belonged to the University student. So to save the sergeant from further suffering, and to help him carry on his part in the war effort. Dean Goldsmith announced that he would gratefully forward the jacket to Florida if its present holders would be so kind as to turn it in to his office...I Vi:,
re 5
•ft’!
Coe</ Feature Page
^ W'l '"wvi" v»- - v - ’■■■(,■■
i
Sunday, October 11, 1942
Purdue Ecfponent
Offices Editorial and Business, Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m , 5377
} fhtor in C hief Nt«f; I d If r vtinni, \\u I ditor Si nr <; I di( r lu ^ e**s Tlanigtr C ced tdilor
John F Amos ^Don T Brophy John fl Arrostrone Robert L Hadley Ken K Gjemre Alice Chatfleld
Publication Staff Associate Editors rnai sfifT H W Ochciltree A P Hunter W E Rafert j H t W r Hoskins R W Boswinkle K Roquemore l! ■ s ‘-•t'lfr O f Brewer J S Dawson D Shryer C I M i! StIU Hc-ill Charlotte Hass Jean 1 auer Elaine Business Staff I Hkii inodb Manager Julia “Martin crl nj- ManiRcrs J M \Vright D L Johnson J Petty lafi n Manager G H Klounian vints Manager Tiena Torrenga or L ed Managers Ellen Clark Jane Keim
The Purdue Independent
t r in ( IiM f 11 r * di ( r i \e « Minager i f 1 lor i rti me- Vaiiager *t unts M iraftcr <ulall n Manager
Dare Barta Ed Humphrey Elwin Welbaum Roberta Kessler Scott Brown Gtorge Paine Harold Hendricks
Staff For This Issue
t I M Ii in er I r B
Sports Editor Sowards Issue Editor Vermilion
z^jly Hudson Holland Richardson Abbett
c nd cla= matter at the post office in Lafay i o r tl e act of Congress of March 3 1879 } 1 late of postage provided for in section 0 t b r o 191'' authorized January 20 1922 1 lav Ihuifaday Friday and Sunday mornings Uehv rel locally by carrier for $1 75 for a r t\ o B mesters by mail for $2 00 for a 1 for two stmesters 1 r railed subscription $1 60 j f r 1 ational advertising by National Advertis I t c liege Publishers Representatives 420 N w Yoik N Y
i5 -
Seems Silly
About Writing
’'ll Geoige W Buinell, postmaster, is having a col t 1 le the=e days When he doesn’t have much to dr he gets out all the caids that University i 1 ts doi t put any addresses on and reads them 0 " can t blame him much, either, because if ic i®o addie&s on the caid he can’t veiy well \ 1 le to otnd it I L ij he s getting moie than he can read, though, I 1 1. le Indents don t mind, he'd just as soon they’d alls mg them foi a while It stands to leason J f it Alum 01 Giandpappy will have a lot bettei 111 ol It ei\ing the message if theie is an ad1 Ol 1 C I t ha ideJ us a handful of cards with no ad H them just to give us an idea of the quan ' Ms a ide eveiy dajs One lad had a caid in J t) it mdicattcd peihaps he was tiying to get by 1 u Jt n t ithout the conventional destination in t I d o I He \/iotL D II lolks I itceived your lettei I had about ^ 1 up hope I don’t undei stand why you I t lectived moie of my letteis because I \ii c tveiy othei day Bob , i] Ic ink all excited feminine hand had on an t II d DtJti si^ I am veiy well satisfied here, so far I 1 t taken all ot my tests except one I saw 1 ttj I ou this a m on the way to Sunday h ' I hti e lb a boy in the house fiom Buffalo, I have been lunning aiound with Don ill ome The fiiSt night I was here was the 1 i<ife lli( re weic just thiet. boys in the house 1 u h HI (aid \cith a nurabei 2 on top indicating u(i( nad preceded icad 11 a whcic 1 m going told us all in the seimon 1 (t t loiget to wiite to oui dads He also said 0 to a k loi money when we did I didn’t but 1 a i 101 a iidt home which is almost as bad 1 i r l(t me know by at least Thuisday night J I (an tell then heie at the halls Lot ot love. Hr 1 1 letta 1 avlirm aiiangement of letters directed to a t 1 d Deal Mom I foigot to mention in the letter laat I n((d by bathing suit Can you please '^end L ( (\ a ' Youis, rvarib / oil 1 fern hui nedly sei ibbled 1 ai loll Had PE thn moiriing and found t I 1 hi\e to have 1 sweat jaektt and pants (l)ild\ (an get that at sehool), 1 pi of bath 11 ils 1 pi gMii hlioe^ (ean weai saddles until Ce old) 1 icgulation gym suit not the kind i\( \ tai at school Ihi one has loose l^gs a /ilijn 1 up the liont and cotton pants Love, Pal >ull inoth( 1 liom a contented lad babbled D( ii Ciandma and Glandpa, I jubt thought J a diop you a line to let you know I’m well, liappj, and vei y busy Love, Ralph
J bo wilting things like this editorial e students During the twenty odd L o til dent has spent on earth as a stu(e H c iw w ould normally think him capable ni ] ckiiig up moie common sense than would c o\\ 1 ' n to do such an asinine act as destroy11 ( ] PS in the Sweet Shop 1 fox, manager of the Sweet Shop, says 1 » cij he, \alued at upwards of four dollars e ) ’ r n Ol made unusable by the rough 1 1 lb ig of students every day We could say iL tl (le’'^ a war going on and the effort ct ^ to leplace those broken dishes could ] o pent much moie wisely in a variety of \ i ji the wai effort We could say much 1 n t s udencs aheady know, but that would b ouii and we have other things to say I n b oken dishes are but one of a number Gi 11 eidoiits that point to an increase in rowdine s and lack of regard for precedent that has I pt o\ ei the campus this year Morals and ti-'t mental age of the population are supposed to be lowered during war time, but at the jjieseni late they are sinking on the campus, iL won L be long until we’ll all be morons. ■—1 \ b
fflsi/L&jmcdJlkA.
Button Pusher By Becky Ann Pervine Suiiounded on thiee sides by an intricate and confusing maze of buttons, knobs, dials and blinking colored lights sits Bill McCowon Calmly and very matter of factly he simultaneously pushes three buttons, flips over a record, instructs a confused announcer about the timing of a progiam, then looks up fiom the turn tables, smiles slowly and lazily and says, “Gosh, but I get sleepy on this job some times ” Bill is one of WBAA’s full time radio operators Between “Old Man River’’ and “Mighty Like a Rose’’ he said that he is a junioi m the E E school, and with good luck and not too nrtuch extia ladio opeiating he expects to graduate in anothet two yeais “You see, a full time operator here at the studio IS limited to a maximum load if six hours of school woik pel semestei ’’ This seems like about SIX houis too many consideiing the duties that Bill’s job includes “I work at least 44houis a week, opei ating the contiol boaid heie in the studio proper, and doing maintenance woik out at the tiansmitter, on the studio car, and on the studios themselves Some times though we don’t exactly have bankeis’ houis Like last week end another operatoi and I woiked from midnight Satmday until Sunday noon at the transmitter,’’ Bill said The transmittei is the powei house, so to speak, behind the WBAA station Bill’s daily woiking jags vary from 4 to 8 houis at a stietch Some days he works at the tiansmittei taking readings ot vaiious types eveiy half hour and being lesponsibk foi keeping the station on the air Bill explains, “To work at the tiansmitter you have to have a fiist class commeicial radio telephone operator’s license You have to pass a government examination with a giade of 75 01 bettei to get the license I guess I’ve had mine about three years now ’’ Bill is no newcomei to the ladio game He had his “ham ’ opeiatoi’s h cense at the iipe old age of 14 Bill says that his favorite show at WBAA is Radio Stage “Theie’s always plenty of action foi the op eratoi duimg that show,’ Bill said “Stuff like tuin mg lecordb, dubbing m music and sound Next to that I like ‘Meet the Band’ and ‘Tea Time Tunes ’ He continued “You know, we opeiatoi'- heie, at the station are membeis of the University staff, ’ and then along with that slow gun he said, “We get paid too Not bad, huh ’’’ And then Bill turned back to the contiol panel to see that “Little Miss Muffett” got on the an safely and soundly This done, he leaned back in his chaii and gave way to the yawn that had been thieatening for some minutes pievious Seemingly unconcerned by his many duties. Bill McCowon is in reality hyper sensitive to the ever changing pulse of a ladio sla tion, and is typical of the little men who aie always theie the tiamed technicians whose job it is to keep ’em talking
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
% SPu/iSA.
Lh J. E. Tearney
Miss Edna Hutson 1937 giaduate ol the Univeisity, has recently completed a three months’ course lor the WAVES and will be commissioned an officer in the Women’s Auxiliaiy of the U S Navy
Ensign Carl M. Hammer loimer West Lafayette resident and high school mathematics teacher, has been tiansteried to the new naval officei’s school at the University of An zona Hammer obtained his Master’s degiec liom the University
Lt. Wesley F. Andrews student at the University fiom 1939 to 1941, will leceive the silvei wings ol the Army An Eoiee this Friday at Eostei Field, Texas, wheie he has com pleted tiaining loi pilot combat duty Andiews’ (class will be the ninth gioup to giaduate since Pcail Hai boi He IS classified as a single engine fightei pilot
The “New Oidei’’ is woiking so well in captive Bel giuni that the Nazi radio in Biussels has had to wain Belgians not to tiy to escape, on pain of death I he Nazis warned the Belgians that if any did make good an escape, their relatives would face lepiisals
ii i 1*1 jif Ik.,
mil-
t o 1042 Cl Oftgo T mes I c ucgr V S Put Olf^AI lUa Rti
Ensign Frederick Tuxworth who attended the University foi ovei three years, and was a member ot the varsity swimming team, won his wings last week aftei completing the flight tiaining couise at the U S Naval Air Station Pensacola Fla Ensign Tuxworth leeeived his pie liminaiy tiaining at the U S Naval Reserve Aviation Ba-e, Glenviecv, HI He wao designateu a naval avia toi and will go on active duty at a tiaining centei befoie ben g assigned to a combat zone
Deal Editor I am quite aware that the lypic il college student is net coiisidcicd by most people 11 be a leligious pci son I peisoiially do not condemn the stuJent body lor wi hing to meet the tiain oil whici oui lootball team was retuimng to the campus but I cam ot coi clone then thou; hEcs nejs in even failin; to nniflh tluii drum when they pi^scl thiou^h the zone ol diuiclus i( ii the \il la e JL 1 the liopc of (III le a fc\ | o
liAii
U S Navy has been officially reported micsing He was formerly on convoy diitj between Lm lai d and the United States He wa*" then tiansfciicd tj suLmarine duty last Match, latei he was sent to Dutch Haibor Alaska, and has been lepoitcd mi ing since August 20 He left the Umveisity m 1939 to go into tlm sei vice Capf. Glenn F. Fanlener 1936 giaduate of the University’s engmoeiinto school has lecently i etui tied fiom a foui months’ visit ol the Egyptian battle theatei He i to t ike up his duties as an armoied foice instructor at 1 o t Knox, Ky , today
Lt. RoberJ L. Perkins formei Univeisuy student and a mcmbci of Alpha Kappa Lambda, social fiatoinity lecenlly won his wings and has been commissioned i second licutcn ant in the U & Aimy Air Eo ce He is now acting as an instiuctoi at the Midland Texas, 1 lying School
Heartwarming hu man thrillingly dra maticisthistruestory of a public hero s private life and the secret kept from the only woman who really understood him You II hail it as anolhergreat Samuel Coldwyn production'
of
VELOZ and YOIANDA 1 Am'
RAY NOBLE and his ORCHESTRA
0/reclod by
SAM WOOD AJ
Releaiod Ih ou0/i RKO Radio P clurcf Inc
Sc ecn Play by Jo Sive ! ng and Herman J Mankewcz O Ig nal S ory by Pau Go//co
THIS THEATRE IS READY fO/SERVE YOU WITH WAR lONDS AND STAMPS
— ADMiSSION Nigtits and Sundry Week Dry Milinccs
Cfiildrcn
50c 40c 15c
Plus Trx
— ADDED — Match of Time’s MEN OF THE FLEET ' Sec How The Navy Tikes Care cf Our Men
University Calendar
‘ I tell you aishpan hands ate dated—the women ot America aie v/oriying about ‘mechanics hands’ now” Problems For Fun Tolicilitil( trcii coiisuk 1 ition solutions should bo ubmittcd on sepn latc signed sheet within one week iltei the posting ol the pioblcm Include with c ich solution i 4 ned t it( nicnt that the solution wis obtiiiec! unis istid Solution uc to io h uulcd in it the Matiicni itics Oflici PROBLT M 5 A room is !0 feet h ng 12 feel wiik iiid 12 lc(l high On the middle line of one of the m lilci va!l-> ind 1 tiot Ironi tlu ceiling is a spider On the niiddl “ line ol th., opposite w ill and 11 feet from the celling is a fly J he fly being palaly/cd by liar remains still until the spidci catclics it by ciawhiin tlie shoitcst unite How lat did the spider ciawU Remarks < n Problem 4 This pioblcin icoults in wh it is 1 nown as a di phantivp cqu ition Ihe only 1C ISO labk oiutionlo the pi ul 1cm is th it the check w is for‘fll 37
to the £dMiA.
1 Monday, October 12
Poultiy Short Couise
Poultiy Buildings
4 00 PM
Comm on State of Umveisity
Room 261, Union
7 00 PM
Ream CIS Meeting
Room 304, Union
7 00 P M
PIA Dancing Class
Noith Ballroom, Union
T uesday, October
13
Poultry Short Couise
Poultiy Buildings
6 30 P M
POMM Eoi mal Initiation
Room 305, Upion
6 OOP M
POMM Banquet
E Recept Room, Union
6 00 P,M
Winnei foi Women Pac Members
WRH
7 00 P M
Christian Science Meeting
Rooms 303, 304, Union
7 30 P M
Alpha Zeta Smokei
Room 365, 363, Union
7 30 PM
Giaduate Dames Paity
Old Chestnut Rm , Union
7 30 PM
Playshop —Cuckoos on the Health
Eliza Eowlei Hall
Wednesday, October 14
Poultiy Shoit Couise
Poultiy Buildings
4 30 PM
Seahbai d & Blade 1 oi mal Pledging
At moi V
7 00 P M
Maniage Couise
Rooms 303, 304 Union
7 00 P M
Vaisity I ellowship
Room 307 Union
7 00 P M
Ell st Aid Meeting
Room 355 Union
7 30 PM
Ajmy N ivy Piogiam
Hall of Musk
7 30 P M
Playshop—C uekoos on the Ileai tli
Ell? 1 I'owlei Hall
All Day
Aimy and Navy Intel views
Rs 304 302, 306 307, Un
Thursday, October
15
Poultiy Shoit Couise
Poultiy Buildings
Vetenriaiy Shoit Couise
Veteniiaiy Building
3 00 P M
II ill ol Music
Sei een^Rcview
7 30 P M
PI lyshop— Cud oos on the Ileai th
Eliza Powle i Hall
7 30 PM
Alpha /eta Open Meeting
V/ r leulty Lge , Union
All Day
Ai m J ind Navy Inte i vk w s
Rs 302 303, 305 307 Un
Fraday, October 16
Pou'ti / Shod Couise
PouKiy Buildings
Vetei in u y Shoi t ( oui se
Voteiinaiy Building
All Dry
riigitu ei ing Col M ig i/ines 4ssn
Union
1 00 P M
C 0 mopolitan Club Me ting
Loom ^04 Union
7 5(0 P M
PI IVshop Cnel oos on the Health
I li i I owk 1 H ill
8 >0PM
1 lA i) uu (
So Billioom Uiiion
Saturday, October
17
Poultiy Shod C ouise
PoiiUiy Buildings
7 30 P M
Convocation—Don Coss icks
Uall ol kfusie
P lOPM
Mix( 1
South Ballioom
Usiiyersify Camera Club To Hoid Exbibii Univi 1 sif\ C amt a C lub will 1 old its annual f ill cxbi' its du in^ the week ot Novcmbci ( thiough \o vembci 1 All members of the club fnefuiy mcm)ei> and cuniii tn Ihusnsts aie ui-,td to begin pie ) 1 ini punts foi the exhibit Rules and no'ices ibcitcihi n the con test w 11 be publi bed it t la ei d it( 1 1 the I xpoMcnt loU e e lun 1
lie ilmt the incident will not happen ag u 1 1 ec ui e it nas not ^et Icen loLind coi dutive to the '■ inetity of Holy Ccmmunion lo have the silly ( und of a be'l iin( mg in the eai Ol the thy lm ( diuni tl sti ic in the toiigi ( eation It 1 1 ikes littk (Illicit nee who wa lo hi um but the IK opk who hive ehuge ol 'ol lowm,, e\ nt it th( ime tin ( houki ( xh hit 111 i little icsp et If 1 tl ( f I 1 s ]> ly ukI allow rithe 1 to (k flu 1 b OUI liii y J ] '' m ill NOW SHOWING
P\lRONI/L 1 \PONl M ADVI RllSl Rs
If You Wail Good Work On Your Garments SEE JOE'S TA«LOR SHOP STATE & CHAUNCEY
ARC
TODAY - MONDAY
AllCI lOMN CARMEN CESAR FAYE PAYNE MIRANDA ROMERO In TECHNICOLOR — ALSO — WALT Disney cartoon
LyUA TODA>f AND TOMORROW
1 <>>
(
ptOA ■ W AMSeBE
ctmuRV
ro)! PICTURE
Edward Everett Horton
Geotge Barbier
PLUS— SECOND HIT
!3ar(fara
STANWYCK
fianiblingCady
J®EL McCREA-PAT O’BRIEN CLAIRb DODD • Directrd by ARCHIE MAYO J G A ibrey Siu Ih • Pit I p Reed I A Wuruer Broa i'lrat NuUooul Picture i
■NOW PLAYING-
• Their kisees made history m 'Honky Tonk" and history's repeating itself I yogther again , they'TO ^dynamito/
m ROBEBT OWEN , PATWCIA DANE • B||W|^INGI.E ^ T FE PV adBptoUonbyWalter^ iflch • ^ Sloty BV • Produced^ S BPRMANjttt
Sunday, October 11, 1942
Boilermaker Sports
Page i
«V
Distance Team Loses First Meet In Two Years
Next Week-End's Games Offer Thrillers; Riveters At Ohio State; Sailors At Madison
By Scotty Ingersoll
Now that the week end games are nothing more than happy or disgusting memdries, let’s take a look at next week’s games. All of the week ends up to date have bee^n filled with great games, next Saturday will be no exception. A game of nuajor interest to this campus will be the Boilermaker vs. Ohio State tilt. Of course, Ohio State will be packed to beat the Riveters by 14 or 20 points. Let’s see, I believe that a team up in Evanston, 111., Northwestern, I think the name is, was chosen to Rood game. Minnesota, who took a beat the Boilermakers by 19 to 13 sctliack at the hands of points Without any ti^ouble. , ,, , . ^ 11 some little school clown in We all know what happened southern Indiana beat Nebraska. As up there yesterday, but N. U. much as I hate to admit it I’m and the Chicago Tribune are afiaid ril have to say that the lu still trying to figure it all out. I’m toam is pretty good this year. I not staying that Burnham’s boys loiaginc, however, that they’ll lose will repeat their performance, how- about November 21. Next ever I am saying that it is a well week the IIoo«iei's will battle Pittsknown fact that the Boilermakeis I'urgli, yoiii guess is as good a.s play one of theii best games against ^^ny^ne’s as to what will happen. Ohio State. I’m .sure that we will see Bierinan’s Seahawks Continue
I’he mighty Seahawks will go to .South Bend to give the N. D. boys jilcnty of ti ouble, as if they already haven’t had enough. Notre Dame finally hit their stride yesterday when they kicked Stanford around the field for a 27 to 0 victory. So
Wisconsin will meet the mighty week-end should be a test for
a team on the field next Satuiday who will be driven by their recent victory and the fighting spiiit installed in them by Coach Burnham to play a game we will all be pi oud
of.
Badgers Tangle With Sailors
Great Lakes team next Saturday. Yesterday the Badgeis pinned Missouri’s ears back to the tune of 17 to 9. While at the same time the Sailors nosed out Pittsbuigh 7 to
6. That game is one which the ex- Fiistdown.s perts will he afiaid of, both teams Total yaids fiom
are strong and undefeated. That
Game Statistacs PU
9
SCI imniage
Northwestern team will be at the Yards ru.shing hands of Michigan next Vvcek-end. Yaids passing Iowa Pre-Flight took Michigan for Pas-'^s attempted a 2G to 14 tiimming, but I’m sure Passes completed that Michigan will make a comeback Passes intcicepted by at the expense of NU. Yaids gamed intciIliinois!!! ception ))asses Illinois, spiiited by deleating the Yaids last by penalty Minnesota toam, will go into battle Aveiage 5'd.s per punt with Iowa, who also bad a victorious Yai d*- fiom lucks let. week-end. If (he Illiiii play the ball 0pp. fumbles lecovered they did yesteiday that may be a
31,5 111 46
3 2
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK y .. - —DENTISTS — 400-404 Schullx Bldg. 4Hi and Main Sts. Lafryctte
PE 12 Motice Meeting of all PE 12 swimming insfructors in Room 105 in the Fieldhou'-e at 7 o’clock on Tue.sday nighf. Inipoilant. —PAl’ENGUTII
feilAMS
4 DAYS STARTING TODAY
HERE’S A HEAT WAVE , WAY UP NORTH!
if Sonja’s after a lusty leatherneck who’s 1 A.W. O. L. from love! There’s fun,youth, music in this frozen fairyland, heated up by theswing-and-sway rhythms of Sammy Kaye and His Orchestra!
sonjR Heme jOHn - pflyne
Felix BRESSART • Osa MASSEN • load MERRILL • Fritz FELD • Sterling HOLLOWAY sfliiiniy--=,Kaye AND HBS ORCHESTRA Directed by BRUCE HUMBERSTONE Produced by WILLIAM LeBARON Original Screen Ploy by Robert Ellis & Helen Logon
MACK GORDON 20* & HARRY WARREN^
Hoosiers Swamp Riveters 19-36; n ports Communitiue
s
By Bob Hadley
S
While senior sports editor Bob Hadley fools away his time in the Windy City over the week end, Clint Sowards chatters his colnmn.
Earl Mitchell Fills Wilt’s Shoes
By Clint Sowards
Indiana University’s cross country squad did serious damage to the Boilermaker prestige
in the distance-race field yesterday on the home course when they ran through the Riveter gy looks of the campus, and what wasn’t walking around over squad of cross country men to the definite tune of 19 to 36, wh^ch broke the string of eight it the last week end; the biggest share of the student body evidently went consecutive victories established last season find this by Coach Phillips’ team; and brought to Chicago to make whoopee, and whoopee, and oh yes, the Northwestern
the Boilermaker standing in the Big Ten race from 1.000 to .500; the Riveters taking the
Buimham is keeping the lads there in the metropolis for the BearsCardinals game this afternoon, probably he figures on letting the students get back to the campus before he comes home with the team so
honors from the Illini in their first meet of the season here a week ago Saturday, and drop-
ping the tilt to the HposigV^ ^ . here yesterday. The winni;pg Csptdin time—17:34.5—was made by
Earl Mitchell of the visitors.
Wildcat Game
N. D., for the Iowa Pic-Fligbt has
yet to suffer a defeat.
NU 11 344 159 64 16 4 0 0 41 36 111 1
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS llfisverstly Hoali Store
'Dim” F pplp ’4(1
ENRICHED BREAD rO" BETTER N'JIKITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY AMERICA’S FAVOrItE Radio News Expert
AMERICA’S FAVORITE^iPIPE,
Last season the Riveters took
the meet 24 to 32. r
Fourteen men started the contest, seven for each school. As only the first five finishers on each team counted in the scoring, the final pair of runners to finish on each team were discounted. Of the first six contestants to finish the run, four were Hoosiers, the fiist thiee places and the fifth going to Mitchell, Labotka, Judge and Kendall of the Indiana contingent; the two Boilermakers to finish in
(Continued from page 1) Stram placed one squarely between the uprights for the extra point. Following the kickoff by Warren, the revamped pass defense got a test and held, taking the ball on a bad kick on their own 30. The Boilermakers made two drives into Wildcat territory, losing the ball each time on punts that left Northwestern near their own goal and forced to punt out when they failed to make anything through the
Riveter defenses.
iiiiiati 111 Riveters got their first bad
the big six were Charlie Duesler close of the first and Kenny Lynhll in fourth and ’when Hajzyk’s kick was
sixth spots, respectively.
Strong Competition
All throughout the contest competition was strong. The runners were closely bunched at all points along the course up to the three-
blocked partially by Motl and the Wildcats took the ball on the Riveter 43. After two tries at the line Graham passed to Motl, Smock intercepted and made a magnificent
run back of 38 yards.
. . . Johnny Andretich, whose stellar blocking, tackling and ball carrying played a major part in the outcome of the Boilermaker-Wildcat game yesterday YesS-erday's Results Illinois 20, Minnesota 13. , Fordham 0, North Carolina 0. Tulane 18, Rice 7. Virginia 26, VMI 13. Wisconsin 17, Missouri 9. Harvard 7, AVilliani & Mary 7. Colgate 27, Dartmouth 19. I’rincetoii 10, Navy 0. Indiana 12, Nebraska 0. Biigham Young 33, Montana 0. Iowa Seahawks 26, Michigan 14. Ohio State 28, Southern Cal. 12 Notre Dame 27, Stanford 0. Ohio Univ. 6, Butler 0. I’tiin Stale 25, Yale 6. Maryland 17, Rutgers 0. Army 28, Cornell 0. B'ow.i 28, Columhia 21. Vaiultrliilt 7, Kentucky 6. t.eoi gia 'I’eeh 30, Cliattanooga 12.
mile point; here the first six men, Of The Game
had begun to pull gway from the With the ball on the Northwestrest, with Mitchell two hundred Andretich passed to Smerke yai'ds in front of his nearest com- made the catch of the game on petitor. Mitchell’s time, 17:43.5, the 14. A drive by Buffington made was the best time over the Boiler- Stram attempted a field maker course this season. The time from the 18. The kick was no
in which Duesler, the first Boilermaker to finish the contest, was 18:21, his best time over the course
this season.
These statistics show that all of the first four men to finish the contest put in better time than the
goc^d. The Purple took over but the half ended before any offensive
could get rolling.
Starting second half activities, Buffmire ran the kick off back to the 38, and Hirsch and Graham made a first down; but a holding
winner of the Riveter-Illini clash Penalty stopped the Wildcats and last week, three were Hoosiers Riveters took the ball on their which gives Coach Phillips ample .^^^er Graham’s kick went out. room to say, “Indiana has the best Hajzyk’s kick went out on the .44 team in the Cor^ference this year.” Northwestern started down the This meet was the first for the Hoo- again, with Bachman ending siers this season. Next Saturday march on the 20 with his interthe boys from Bloomington enter- esption of Graham’s pass. Chester 'tain the Illini on the Hoosrer course, kicked out and a clipping penalty Buckeyes Next Saturday Northwestern the ball on their
Coach Phillips also stated that
the Boilermakers should remain un- Another Interception i
they can have a whoopin’ big crowd over to meet them when they come in about midnight tonight. Those Boys From Bloomington Did It For those who had to stay on the campus (damit) over the week end, the athletic department and Coach Phillips threw a big cross country race out on the cross country course. Those fellows from Bloomington were the guests, evidently they didn’t think too much of the premises, because they ran the course as quack as they could and left, with a win, in almost record time, ruining our eight meet string of wins. The Indiana cros scountry team is, accordkig to track coach Phillips, the best aggregation in the Conference this season. The 36 to 19 defeat they handed us backs up that statement considerably. . Congratulations, Fred Last season the star of the Cream and Crimson squad was Fred Wilt. Captain Ed Holderman of the Riveters beat Fred in the regular meet during the season and again in the state meet that was held here on the Boilermaker course, but in the Conference meet, Ed came in a distant second after Wilt. In the National Intercollegiate meet later in the year, Fred proved this wasn’t a fluke when he sallied across the finish line in first place to capture the undisputed title of National Collegiate Cross Country Chap, while Ed came in a few seconds later in eighth place. ’ Well, all the chatter on Fred Wilt is only a build-up to an introduction to the man taking over duties as cross country coach for Indiana University, Fred Wilt. If the Hoosiers keep up the same spirit and style of running that they displayed yesterday, Fred is going to have a bunch of champions on his hands one of these days. While we’re still on the cross country page, we might add that Coach Phillips is very optomistic about what his Boilermaker squad is going to do this season; Phil said, “We should remain undefeated for the rest of the dual meets this season.” Next Week End, Oh Whee Next week, tapering off now, both the football team and the cross country team trek to Columbus, Ohio, for another busy week end. Last year the same thing happened, the cross country squad ran the socks off of the Buckeyes; then went out to the stadium and watched the football team lose a heartbreaker. Don’t know what happened then, but we know a couple of guys who’d like to have been there. Not to be making a dirty crack, everyone has a right to celebrate now and then, and softball championships don’t just happen along every day, and again who wouldn’t enjoy beating the Phi Delts; but did anyone happen to see any of the AGR softball team last Friday evening ?
Change Annual Aquacade Date; Swimmers Hold Weekly Meets
defeated for the rest of this season in dual competition. Next Saturday “Phil” takes the team to Columbus to engage in another conference meet, with Ohio State, and he seemed optomistic as to the outcome. Last season the BoilermakGis took the Buckeyes into camp by a decisive 19 to 39 score. The meet next Saturday will open the
season for Ohio State. Frosh Race '
Following the varsity race, freshman teams from the two schools met in the first freshman cross countiy Face in the history of either institution, in which the boys from down south made the day complete by outrunning the Boilermaker frosh 24 to 36, the winning time— 18:42—was set by Jones of Indiana. A recent ruling by the Big Ten Conference officials made these freshman contests legitimate, beginning this season. Jones and Shipley, two Hoosiers, finished the frosh race one and two, respectively, followed closely by Erickson, Swager and Manleld tor the Gold and Black. This .=eason, also for the first time, Indiana track coach, Billy Hayes, tui ned the cross country
Northwestern drove to the 45
where Hajzyk intercepted another pass and ran the ball to the Boilermaker’s 48. The play stayed between the 40 yard lines for the
remainder of the quarter.
By Bob Krieger _ _ .
Coach Dick Papengutli, the Papenguth stated that Herman popular Boilermaker swim- B^uer is the only veteran remainming mentor, revealed yester- from last year’s varsity squad. , ,, , ,1 o- .LI A 1 Bauer IS being joined this year by day that the Sixth Annual Ochstein, who was a member of the Aquacade, originally sched-" Riveter swimming squad two years
Unable to gain, the Boilermakers uled for December 4th and 5th, ago before he dropped out of school, kicked to the Northwestern 20 would be held on week later on Tall, slim Gene Kujawa and Glen where Graham quick kicked to the December 11th and 12th The BaBaw, a couple of ireshmen, have Boilermaker 20. Andretich and i • li j l ^ lx. turned in outstanding performances Buffington made a first down but m the dates of the in the 50-and 100-yard events. Laagain the Boilermakers weie forced SWltnming extravaganza Was Baw is a brother of Claude LaBaw, to kick. Graham made a 35 yard uiade in order to enable Coach Pap- who was a member of the freshman return of the punt, Andretich, the ®u8uth to attend a meeting of Big relay team which set the record for
last man, knocking him down on Ten swimming coaches in the Windy this event,
the 31. The Boilei maker line held ou tnat date. Squad Drills For Aquacade and Hill lie broke up a fourth down Heidke Starts Fast At the present time, the varsity pass to take the ball on the 24. The Boilermaker swimming rhen- swimming season is not scheduled Andretich leeled off a long run tor also revealed that Roy Heidke, to begin until after that brief pause around end but the Wildcats held sophomore freestyler, swam the 50- for Christmas vacation, but there
yai'd distance in the very fast time is a possibility that the starting of 28.3 seconds, just one-tenth of a time may be advanced when the Big second slower that the record for Ten aquatic coaches gather for this event. In addition, to Heidke, their conclave early in December. Sneed has also displayed outstand- Meanwhile, all hands are getting in ing form in the Dolphin Trophy shape for the Aquacade which will’ Meets which are open to all stu- be headlined by pretty Patty Aspidents. Womble and Knott, a pair nail, the chunky blonde swim star.,
defenders and two passes put the of freshman freestylers, have also from Indianapolis, and the “Origball on the thiee yard line, from been outstanding in these meets, inal Three Little Fishes”, who, hav-
on the 40 and Chester kicked to Graham, who was diopped by Smerke on his 24. Graham passed a long one to Hasse, and it was Northwestern’s ball on the Boilermaker 33. In the closing minutes of the game, Graham’s passes finally started eluding the Boilermaker
which point, Graham went over for which have been participated in thus the score. Pick’s kick was blocked far by 30 upperclassmen and an
coaching duties ovqr to Fred Wilt, by French and the score stood at equal number of freshmen. F^fai of last season. 7-6. Turning to the subject of diving.
ing attained the ripe old ages of 9, 12 and 13 years, respectively, are playing a return engagement here after an absence of five years.
BOWL! in the UNION BOWLING ALLEYS for HEALTH, RECREATION AND SPORT
JAjl fiwidusL WimuPdaL lAnioft Just take a walk through the building!'■?
Burdii^ Exponent,
i*.
Sunday^ October iJf, i94M
Dean H. I. Reed Speaks To Extension Workers
dn, Jhjn Ag Education Society Army, Navy Personnel PblJaJhsbL. Meting Board Names ((napp,
' Last Thursday evening the Agri-
Ooses /^nnual Conference Friday Message On 'Responsibility'
Hockema ERC Officials
Prof. Frank C. Hockema, assist-
University Church
John W. Findley, Minister Wm, Morgan, Choir Director
^ ^ - *1 .f / Nancy Young, Organist With Messaae On Responsibility o so-sunday school. The cospei « \\f ^ .j ^ * V ^ according to Mnrk will be %he sub-
Dean Harry J. Reed of the School of Agriculture was the ject of study in Dr. G. H. Graves majoring ^n the agricul- ^ letter he has received from priiicipal speaker at the closing session of the annuai extension class - ^ ^ .
workers’ conference which ended Friday after a four-day
cultural Education Society held its first meeting of the semester. Dr. Cromer, faculty advisor, gave an account of “August Childs,” a solant to the president, has been named
Membership in the organization representative of all the armed is open to all seniors and under- servicies for,the University, accord
10:30—Church Service. The topic
ture education option. The member- Hem’ Admii’al Randall Jacobs, ship fee is fifty cents, and member- chairman of th6 joint Army and
session. In his talk entitled “The Extension Workers Respon- '(^oef FtrlL'TulvT^ be "obtained from E. V. Sibility in mS”, Dean Reed called upon the extension workers Today,” which is a discussion pf Brown o^. any other member of the
to aid farm men and women in the production and conserva- the values of life to be received ■
tion of food stuffs for the war
effort.
In discussing the food production drive, Dean Reed laid down several suggestions to guide the extension workers.
Playshop
when living under difficulties.
(Continued from page 1)
sign Lee Somers said “The sailors loved the play.” Once during the
, , , 5-30 to go on a ijiuiiiv- uciiniv. >..ic , , «
These included emoient use of the ^ Td" atadium. D« Stevens Heed the Lutheran StudcntS
land, labor, machinery, materials, ^ remark, which probably is a rec-
feed, time and money, and efficient some kind,
living, recreation and leadership. Two of the most interesting props In a previous address, L. E. Hoff- ^ black casket and a glass full man, associate director, told the ex- poison. Both were instrumental tension workers that the state now keeping the play full of suspense
9:30—^Roger Williams Class. A
i;rn;ote-.h7u3f:ooo;.i*hhoth«od ?‘„Ts:if:r„^S2i:orr:s r,,
leaders, farm men and women who pj jj^gg jq_ .^^^s nQY^ +0^0 cuscAnfin-i- iiTfornisit.ion in ^ ^ a.*_. w/r :
club.
The following ^officers were in- cations for the various armed serv-
„„ , . . u ,, • . stalled for this semester: D. M. resei’ves which are being reCount it all joy when ye fall mto j;)^ij^gjj_pj,ggjjjg„t.v.c. Davis, vice- reived from University students divers temptations, is the t t, McClure, secre- now at a rapid rate. ' • mu tuq tary; J. U. Hayes, reporter; and “Your contribution in this all-6:30—-Sunday Evening Club. The _ "J „ x x «• i. u-i • ■„ luio , , . X X X XU u - u 1 E. V. Brown, treasurer. out war effort, while serving in this club IS to meet at the church before ’ ’ -x • i i i • ' . . , , . , XU capacity can indeed be an impoitpicnic behind the , _ . , „ n
■ Qjjg The counseling of college
students on the basis of a full un-
Hold Party Today derstanding of the available facts Lutheran Student Association is concerning the reserve plans of the holding a party for its students and several armed forces will greatly any other interested people today contribute towaid attaining and at the home of Rev. Stolldorf, 626 maintaining a state of high purpose North Ninth Street, at 2:30 p. m. morale in this impox'tant segA hike through Potter’s Hollow ment of our American youth,” wrote
is the main feature of the after- Admiral Jacobs.
Representatives of the Joint Pro-
vesper service.
West Lafayette Baptist Church Rev. Joseph Baird Gleason, Minister and pastor of students
Personal Adjustment.’’
10:30—Church Worship Service.
Rev. Gleason will give the message, noon. Following the hike there will
the 184,000 farm homes in the state gj-ay was stage manager, within 24 hours. Four public performances of Knight Speaks Friday “Cuckoos on the Hearth” will be
can take essential information m technics director. Marianna Duke ^ey ^^mason wiu give tne message, -vv.,xx , case of emergency to every one of .^^g rehearsal assistant and Betty ’ ^..xu.,.» viro-inin Tllrov will be a hamburger fry and a vesper curement Board, representing the +Kx. icyi non-faTrvi in tbp st-ite ,, . _ '-'Ur racnei. viigiiiia uiiuy wm ° ^
sing “The Lord’s Prayer,” by Bach- service around the campfire.
Gounod.
5:30—Roger Williams Founda-
Dr. F. B. Knight, head of the di- given this week. Tuesday, Wednes- Fellowship Hour; the recreavision of education and applied psy- day and Thursday nights, curtain gjjj j^armon. chology, spoke Fiiday morning on time will he 7:30; while it will go C:00—Supper, 15c. the training of leaders. up at 8 on Friday night. Good tick- g.gQ Discussion Group “We
County agents, assistant county ets are still available for these per- Eeligion ’ Now” will be the ai™nd^d"t"at agents, home demonsti’ation agents, formances of sevnty-five cents at x discussion. Prof. Lawrence completed by Dec. 3i or the end
farmer’s institute speakers and ex- the Fowler Hall box office. Hadley will be the'speaker. Louise tension workers attended the con- Season books may still be pur- Peterson will lead the vesper serv-
ference which was held for the pur- chased for $1.50 from Playshop
Notices
pose of discussing methods of fit- representatives or at the box office, ting the state extension program These books contain coupons which more closely into the nation’s war niay be turned in for reserved seats effort. for Playshop’s four plays this year and a special coupon for the revival
of “Jim Dandy.”
ice.
Robbins Will Hold Statewide Grain Grading Classes
University Will Train Ordnance Inspectors
Hadley will be the speaker. Louise latei Applicants sliould apply now m loom
B-4 of the Armoiy in order that enlistments may be completed betoie the close of the yeai. —GRAHAM MT 5: The following students are roqiUbted to leport to Sgt Dillman in the supply loom to be measmed for Advance Coiirbe unifoims at the eailiest possible time J. M Bahnci, D C. Burns, S. I Cownan, F. N Crall, n G. de Biuyn, G P Glunt, M. K Lynch, W L. Morgan, O J Nadolski, G K Nelson, J. D Pescok, G Petree, W C. Reckman —BROWN Army Air Corps Applicants: All students
army, navy and maiine corps will be here this week to discuss the enlisted reserve with a convocation program scheduled for Wednesday
evening in the Music Hall.
WBAA Will Feature' Glee Club Recording
GARY COOPER BECOMES “GEHRIG” COOPER—They are calling Gary Cooper “Gehrig” Cooper now! That tells how marvelously Gary has fit himself into the role of the celebrated ball-player whom he portrays ill Samuel Goldwyn’s “The Pride of the Yankees.” Gary, normally right-handed, had to become left-handed to play the role of the Yankee first-baseman. Gary, coached by “Left” O’Doul, won the plaudits of production officials, of Mrs. Gehrig, Lou’s widow, and—the even-more critical approval of Lou’s old playing pals on the Yankee team. Now playing at the New Main Theatre.
Re"cordings of tlie Glee Club made m Carnegie Hall at the Fred Waring Contest will be played over WBAA on Tuesday night at 7. The recoids weie made by NBC on May 31 during the contest in which the University Glee Club won second place. The soloists featured
ihaiy in attsuipt to cut tlicii* tii^iG \'ho have applied for meteoiology tiaining Oil iriG 1 Gcorcls aiG Marvin oinitn
by one-third. As yet the Aimy has
Pilot Training (Continued from page 1)
ing the CAA primary method in the tiaining of their combat and aux-
With the Aimy An Corps and have not yet been enlisted or who dosiie to apply,
not adopted the new system, but +act CapI Giaham m th.; Armoiy. Enlibt- ^ . . ments foi Meteoiologj Training close
many of its instvuctois aie using Thuisday, Oeiober -graham the CAA material. Kappa Psi: There will be a meeting on This mateiial has been trans- Tiicsda>, October 13, at 7 SO p m, m loom
2b3 of the Union Formal pledging will be Wednesday, October 14, at 7 30 p m in loom 2G3 of the Union —MERRICK Newman Club: The monthly meeting and bieakfast will bo Sunday, October 11, after the 9.30 Mabb in St. Maiys Gym All Catholic btiuUnts are invited Memberships will
and Joe Richards, with David Simpson as accompanist and A1 Stewart,
diiectov.
Lutheran Students: Meet at the liome of Rev Stolldorf at 2’10 p m Sunday, Oetobei 11, tor a hike to Potter’s Hollow
—WALLACE
Prof. F. E. Robbins of the agron- Seven girls and 21 men arrived
omy department is holding gram on the University campus Wednes- the Chinese language for grading schools at various points day to begin a nine weeks course Generalissimo Chiang in Indiana during the next few which will prepare them for special Hai-shek s student aviators, t is weeks. It has been found necessary inspection duties at the Victory home by many
to hold these classes due to the Ordnance plant at Decatur, Illinois. Batin-American cadets training in be told ai the entrance to the bchooi acute situation which has been ere- These trainees have been hired -GOODMAN
ated in handling the new soybean through Civil Service, and all of
crop just coming on the market,
Robbins, a licensed grain inspec- started Thursday morning, as part tor, held his first class for AAA of the University War Training pro-
county corhmitteemen and elevator gram.
grain men at Washington on Fri- The trainees will have five weeks day. A similar one was held Sat- of intensive classroom study, coverurday at Greensburg. Next Friday ing mathematics, sketching, bluethere will be another school at print reading, materials used in inHuntington and on Saturday there dustry, manufacturing processes, will be one in the crops laboratory and machine shop work. The last in Agricultural Hall at 9 a. m. On foUr weeks will be spent in the lab-
Classified Ads
for translation into Spanish and
them are from Decatur. Class work Poi^Gguese.
Vocabulary Simplified
One of the major jobs of Kelly was to standardize and simplify the
inteic t(.d in swimming are invited to at-
vocabulary for the students. The tinii —browne fiist task of the job was to choose Playshop Ushers and Ticket Takers: tlio ,nn«l- Qiinnlo inrl ev meetmB Monday, Oct tne most simple anu atcuiate ex- at l p m. m Fowler Hall. Please bo pression for eveiy phase of instruc- to ushei oi take tickets
Cuckoos
Money to loan on diamonds, watches, guns, luggage, typewriters. Albert’s Loan Office,
407 Columbia.
Typewriters—Adding iviacnines, all makes Triton: There will be an open meeting sold, rented repaired, and purchased Mim^
and suim Tuesd.sy, October 13 All giils ograph work done C J. Ebershoff, 605 Mam,
Lafayette. Phone 2779.
Three of the screen’s fine.st performers—John Payne (right), Sonja Henie and Jack Oakie, are all in one joyous musical, 20th Century-Fox’s “Iceland,” coming lo the Mars Theatre today. The locale is laid in Iceland, our newest outpost, and mhat happens when Marines Payne and Okkie decide to “protect” Iceland’s laiicst daughter, fiiu-loving Sonja Henie, is enough to assure moviegoers ot splendid enlcrtainment. Featured, too, is Sammy Kaye and his Oicliestra.
Will pay cash for any old or new used bicycles Kiger Shell Service, Northwestern
it Columbia
Rooma for two boys Sirmle beds One
block from Union Phone 45892
. the Health”.
tlGG. -DELONG , X c. . . “ “x
Wanted—Students interested in earning
Thanks to this and many other POMM Active sand Pledges: Get yoUr boaid Call 7333. Ask for house
efficient devices Professor Kelly has ""tiation banquet to bo held m-m-aR'
.XX x.xx^ .— . , , . luesdaj, Octobei 13, at 6 r m from Jack- , ts rsi i i
Cl JP x XL. Lx 1 -n 1 ttrUh ..cr. nri/ 1 GducGcl the pi’iniary tiaiHing time feon. Hunt, Dodds. Laison, Wilbon oi Doup Sunday two other schools will be oratoiy, dealing with the use and/ 35 25 hours and has increased *^^tober 10 —doup Glen stockmtier Phone 3053. Rewaid
the elficiencV ot the existino' eouit)- Applied Mechanics Make-ups: An exami- Programs, tickets and all kinds of print-
P nation foi the lemoval of conditions in PV***^*^ Kanes Piint Shop,
ment and teacher personnel and has a m 21 and 22 will be given m 100m 107 ^ 29th st Phone 5205
of Heavilon Hall on Saturday, Octobei 17, 1 to 4 p ni See the undersigned at onc( —SANDERS
held in Agricultural Hall, one at care of gauges and precision instru-
9 a. m. and the other at 1 p. m. ments.
These schools are directing attention to the study of what constitutes damage in soybeans, the determination of dockage and foreign material, and the variations in
moistuie tests. Anyone interested Catholic students are invited to IS welcome to attend the meetings. Communion
Breakfast to be held this morning at St. Mary’s School. This break-.
Newman Club Holds Breakfast Today
made possible a corresponding rise
111 pilot output.
Found—Girl’^ Tennis Courts.
coat north of Women’b Owner call 7801
Civil Service Offers Positions In Fish, Wildlife Service
Reception To Open University Club Year University Club will open its year’s piogram with a reception for its members in the Union on Oc-
Gold Peppers: Mcetmte Tuesday, October Lost—A black purse in Chem Arnes, 1 i, at 1 .JO p m in the AWS office All Saturday, October 10 If found, call 410G1. be there. —SIMONS Will the person who has Philip Fisher s Silver Mask: Mietinu on Tuobday, October K & E slide rule please notify him by call1 1, at 7’JO p m in room 303 of the Union. ’iB 4944. Be there —KAUFMAN A-1 worker for laipe student rooming Pistol Team Tryouts: The followiriB stu- Will give 8 hours dally for light dents are requested to ropoit to the Armory I'ousikeeping room and small salary
at 4 II m Monday, October 12, to try out foi the pistol team E. T Doyne, R K
To do practical woik on federal game refuges in the Fish and Wildlife Service of the Depaitment of the Intel lor, aides aie needed. The United States Civil Service Corn-
will begin immediately after the 9:30 mass at St. Mary’s. All Catholics, students and faculty, are in-
vited.
The speaker will be the Honorable John Ferguson, judge of the local court. There will also be entertainment in the form of an act on the stage in the auditorium. Memberships will be sold for the
mission IS seeking qualified persons i^^g^ ^ime this semestei preceding
to fill these positions. Enti'ance sal- breakfast
ary is $1,440 a year. Applications
must be filed with the Commission’s Washington, D. C., office not
later than October 19.
Three years of study in a recognized college with not less than six semester hour.s in game management or wildlife conservation will admit applicants. Such education is not necessary, howevei. Applicants may have had three years of experience in the aggregate as a forest, park or game ianger, range rider, or patiolman-laborer on a federal or state lefuge or wildlife management aiea. Such education and experience may be combined. Sound physical health is i equired. A general test will be given. There are no age limits. Applications are not desiied from persons engaged on essential war woik. Announcements and foi ms for applying may be obtained at fiist- and
second-class post offices.
fast, given by the Newman Club, X , h-p iinw Lwtkv Edmondson, R G Fox, c. g. ...Ill —_ : j;.x_i.. „x.x^._ XU. 10oei Zi. invitations aie now Deing Hcishcy, J C Hdl, K E Kmsev. a. R.
sent to membeis. JVaishull, i, F Munuy, R Plank R E . XI 1 ■ • . , • ■ Rawlinn, B L. Roberts, M. J Schneider, Anyone on the administrative, in- R T Singer —brown stiuctional, leseaich, and extension Neuman Club: Mw.ship pnksmou restaffs of the University is invited to Room 30.") cil the Union Building
Wedntsdiiv, October 14, at 5 p ni Be pri-
botome a member. Remittances for membership should be sent in to Di, Degeiing of the Depaitment of Chemistiy, who is seci etaiy-tieas-
iir er.
Piof. C. S. Doan is president of the oiganization, and Acting Dean Claio A. Coolidge is vice piesident.
paled to tiiin in tiekits and money Either
—CLARK
Field Hockeys Officials Course: First meeting will be on Tuesday, October 13, in ioo;n 204 of the Women’s Gym Wiitten tests will be given Thursday, Octobei 15 Anyone* inteiesteel iilease be there Tuesday.
—GALBRAITH
t DOES YOUR
PEN LEAK? Expert Repair Service
SOUTHWORTH’S
Scriiencrs: Meeting tonight at 7 80 in room 2bb ol the Union. Rieglo will be ihere Bung m.uuiseiipts DRAY
Olen lills Studio (Distinctive Portraiture) 205 East State Phone 341.3
Everything for a College Education
DEAC’S
Chi Omega
. . . social sorority, announces the initiation of the following: Honore Mary von Ilarz, Crystal Lake, 111.; Betty Jean Swan,son, Crawloidsville; Juan Shelbourne, Indianapolis; Virginia Ritchie, Lakewoi^d, Ohio; Maigaret Medtzer, Shelbyville, and Phyllis Mann, Baltimore, Maryland.
SCOBEE’S -
— ALL KINDS OF PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIS — Fresh Film and Film Pks — Tiy Our Quality Kodak Finishing
— PROMPT SERVICE — 105 NORTHWESTERN AVE.
'k'k^-k'kicick-k'k-k-fr-kTkirifk-k-kick-kirir
Clark Gable has just told Lana Turner that he is the brother of the man to whom she is engaged in this scene from M-G-M’s “Somewhere I’ll Find You,” now playing at the Lafayette Theatre. The film, a story of war coi respondents in the Pacific war area, was directed by Wesley Ruggles.
PHONE 2343
CLOTHES MAKE THE MAN
ft
THSJAPSf
Help the Treasury “Minute Men" uf America by quinq tu the nearest store and buyinq your U. S. DEFENSE BONDS and
STAMPS TODAY
And they must be well cleaned and
/XitVir-sa.,
pressed. In the Army it’s a MUxST lo be well groomed. Make it a MUST
Nort’hwest'ern and Vin^e St's.
js' I