^ ^ . v .’W' '''^'v«;i„wt7|
'#11
‘'’j; V
, r ‘ f.V '
\’V Biickt$(.e[at' Driving — l^dngerous In War
Xfumem
$NHhr$
fACP1att»fMr0 for futumMM0ln»
■ ''■' ISfe. - I "-At vmU
mmStMlMi^tiii-
Volupne SOijNo. 79
West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday Decemb^ 14, l9li
jt '' VW _ jj / Hii^ # ^n _ • Elliott To Give Defense Address
Al Yesterdays Defense Convocation
Author Predicts Long War, Ultimate Victory
Kappa's Place FirstInYWCA
Coed Capers
Alpha Chis, Thetas Receive HonoVable Mention For Skit;
'By Carol Wattleworth
Erika Mann, novelist and author of many burning indicStments of Nazism, kept a large audience of students, faculty and townspeople literally spellbound last night in the Music Hall as she described her life
Kappa Kappa Gamma placed first m the war-torn countries and made in Coed Capers yesterday afternoon predictions fo rthe future.
with a skit entitled “A Burglar Bold.” Kkppa Alpha Theta and Alpha Chi Omega received honorable mention with their skits, “Seven Snow Whites and a Dwarf,” a take off on “Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs,” and “Little Nell,” a Saturday night HilLBilly gathering.
Burglar Steals Show
A burglar dressed in a suit and hat was portrayed by LaVern Muir m “A Burglar Bold,” while Jean Yahres was adorned with a wig,
Miss Mann, who was introduced
by Dean Dorothy Stratton, started her speech entitled, “Searchlight Through the Blackout,” by saying that accustomed as she was to the unexpected, she was unable to picture the Japanese attack on Hawaii last Sunday. She expressed the opinion that Hitler ordered the attack.
Describes Life hivGcrmany Miss Mann described her life in
Geimany before Hitler’s rise to power and she related the story of
Local Kiwahis ClubWill Dine Tomorrow At 6 President To Install New 1942 Officers At Banquet Lafayette Kiwanis Club will celebrate "the 25th anniveisary of its founding with a banquet at 6 p. m. tomorrow in the Union ballroom. The banquet will be followed at 8:15 p. m. with entertainment presented by the students of West Lafayette and Jefferson High Schools in Fowler Hall. For this part of the program there will be a few seats in the balcony available to the general
public at no cost.
National President Speaks Charles S. Donley of Pittsbmgh,
Pa., president of Kiwanis International, will install the officers of the
At Convo Tomorrow Morning Ordiesira, Choral Oniversify Dismisses u.S. Naval Resorae GroupsToPresent All Classes At 11 A.NI. OWkerToEiamiae
Christmas Pl'ogram
Ovei three hundred members of
President Elliott will speak at the special defense convocation to be held in the Music Hall tomorrow morning at 11. William L. Batt, of the Office of Production Management, was previously scheduled to speak to the student body at that time, but as
tions wUl join in presenting the an- a result of the emergency created by the recent sudden turn of hual Christmas Convocation for international events, he has been compelled to cancel his ap-
worship which will be held next nearance here Lieut, Commander Bishop of the Thursday night from 8 to 9:15 p. m. a • i-i- "i-i, rv -i-i- "ii Reserve will visit the in the Music Hall. The University Appearing on the convocation program with Dr. Elliott will university on Thursday and FriChoiis under the direction of A. P. ^i^k Dibos, president of the student Senate, and Agnes Me- day, December 18 and 19, to examine
Students Thursday Navy School To Enroll January, June Grads
to Switzeiland and ultimately to the
British Isles.
While in England she had the opportunity of observing the beginning of the all out aeiial war on the island. According to Miss Mann, the blackout is the most disturbing thing in England because of its quietly depressing influence; nevertheless, the air raids have helped tremen-
also give the piineipal address of the evening. Simon P. Humstra, present vice president, will be installed as president, and John Ave
will become vice president. Rabbi M. H. Simon, president of
the Lafayette Kiwanis Club, will pre.side and will be presented with “The Gavel of 1941” by Governor Roy S. Ruckman, Nappanee, head of
dously in assisting Britain to at- the Indiana KiWnis district. Govtain national unity. ernor-elect Lowell Taylor of Vin-
Broadcasts Over BBC
cennes will be present, and repre-
faise teeth and a glass eye, to take family’s flight from the Reich club for 1942 at the banquet and will the part of the old maid. Appropriate *-1-j-i-- ----- ,
sound effects made the removing of the glass eye and false teeth realistic. Bdtty Wedge, also in costume, sang the words to the song while the two chlaracters in the play acted it
out.
This skit was built up to a thrilling climax when the old maid threatened to sboot the burglar if he would not marry her, and the burglar says, “For Pete’s Sake — SHOOT!” The Coed Capers is sponsored annually by the YWCA to laise money to send deleg'ates to the national YWCA ponfex'ence at Lake Geneva, dlndy Hague was chairman of the program, Thb prize awarded to the winning organization is the Decker Fund Committee Asks For Clothing, Books, Magazines For Relief Relief Funds Co-ordinating Committee, composed of twelve students and three faculty members, Pjof. F. C, Hockema, Dean Maiy L.
cast over the BBC to Germany and the conquered countries and she listed some of the cruel measures forced upon the people of Geimany by the Hitler government. She believes that the German position in Russia will not impiove during the winter and that Germany is ultimately destined to go down in de-
feat.
In talking about the future, she said that the people of Germany will not revolt as long as Hitler and His armies are winning, but prospects of a revolution would be considerably increased when the English and Americans stait administering setbacks to the Geimans. Miss Mann discussed the program to be followed after the war and she desciibed her idea of a new world
Matthews, of the School of Home federation which would be so de-
Economics, and Prof. L. M. Sears, IS launcl)ing its annual fall drive for used clothing, books, magazines and all other articles that may be useful lor relief purposes. The drive Will continue through Januaiy 7, and students aie urged to contribute articles, which, at the discretion 'of the committee, will be distributed to vaiious iclief agen-
cies.
Clothing Sent To War Areas All clothing received will be sent to civilians in war torn areas, and the books and magazines will be distributed to civilians as well as to soldiers in army camps. A portion of the magazines, however, will be sold and the money expended to buy blankets and other necessities. Contributions should be sent to the cential clepositoiy in the Union; however, if conditions make it impossible to deliver them directly, then any of the members on the Committee may be contacted and girangements made for deliveiy. 'rhesc members include: Dick Dibos, Damon Eldei, Florence Cioll, Agnes McCulloch, Gloiui Fox, Baibara Ann Adkins, Mildred Owens, Mary Ellen Scarff, Bob Stecker, Rex Mayfleld, Lee Ruffnei, and Bill Faiber. w.e.h, Watson Discusses Radio Script Writing
Miss Mann ^e^ribed her broad- sentatives of Kiwanis clubs through-
out the state have made banquet
reservations. '
Marshall Howenstein will preside at the program m Fowler Hall. West Lafayette High School will be represented by instrumental music and Jefferson High School will give tap dancing, features fiom then lecent
Red and Black Revue, s.w.b.
Model Plane Builders Convene On Campus
For Annual Meeting
Nearly 100 jyinior and senior high school teacheis and model builders met here Saturday as\the University played host to the annual conference on the promotion of model plane building as courses and hobbies in
the public schools of Indiana. “Youth Takes To Wings”
Sponsors of the conference were the University engineering extension department, the Aeromodelers Club and the Air Youth of America. The conference was addressed by President Elliott, Ernest Gamaihe of New Yoik, executive director of Air Youth of Ameriia and seveial members of the Aeiomodelers club. Speiial features of the one day meeting included a sound film “Youth Takes to Wings,” a luncheon in the Union and an exhibition of scale models, glideis and lubbeied and gas powered models. The skeleton of a new radio controlled model being cortstiucted by the Univeisity club was shown at the exhibitioh.
e.j.m.
Air Corps Anonunces Reguirement Change According to recent announcements received from the Aimy Air Corps, students who desire to enroll for Aviation Cadet Tiaining as
Stewait and the University Orchestra, directed by Joseph M. Ragains, will take part in the progiam, which will be made up entilely of Christ-
mas music.
Orchestra Opens Program The orchestia will open the convocation playing the fantasia, “Spirit of Christmas,” by Reibold. This will be followed by excerpts from the “Nutcracker Suite” by
Tschaikowsky.
For the second part of the progiam the Univeisity Choir will be divided into six gioups of forty members. Each small choir will sing a caiol as the gioups maich to the stage in a candle light procession. All the groups will then unite in singing “Cantique de Noel,” with Marvin Smith as tenor soloist. Fol-
lowing this, A. P. Stewart will di- eering Science and Management rect the combined choirs and the Defense Training Division of the U*. audience in singing old Christmas S. Office of Education, who spoke on
“Education for Defense.”
Batt Speaks
At the annual dinner and honors night, the toastmaster was W. L. Batt, ’07, one of the leading figures in America in the defense program, who was to have spoken here tomorrow at the Defense convocation. Batt is piesident of SKF Industries, Philadelphia, and diiector of mateilals in the Office of Production Management in Washington. The Gantt medal was awarded to
Dean Potter Speaks At Recent Conference OfASMEInHewYork Purdue men occupied important roles at the recent annual meeting of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers in New York City, a release from ASME headquarters received yesterday, indicated. One of the foui speakers included Dean A. A. Potter, past president of A.S.M.E., and chaiiman of the advisory committee of the National Advisory Committee of the Engin-
Culloch, piesident of AWS. Yheir applicants for entrance into the <3fsubject will be the attitude of the ficer-training program of the Naval student body toward World War II. Reserve. Interviews may be had fay Also participating in the convo, the signing up in the personnel office. Symphonic Band and Concert Choir according to an announcement by
will present several musical selec- W. E. Vogler.
tions. Stating that the navy needs men. Dr. Elliott Travels particularly engineers, Lieut. ComUpon the outbreak of war between Bishop announced that three the United States and Japan, Elliott classes of aspirants would he con-
traveled to Washington, D. C., and sidered.
since then has been at the capitol January Grads Called At Once
trying to determine the future status of the University student body.
10:50—Organ Prelude—Joanne
Lloyd
11:00—“Tannhauser” by Wagner—
Symphonic Band
11:05—“Hail Purdue”—Band, Con-
cert Choir and Audience ,
ll:10-Richard Dibos, President of
Student Senate
Among prospective January graduates, Engineers and other men students having 2 years of mathematics, 1 year of chemistry and 1 year of physics will, upon passing of the physical exam, be immediately enrolled in V-7, eng;ineers training
school.
January graduates, non-engin-
carols.
Christmas Cantata
The program will close with the presentation of Bach’s Christmas cantata, “For Us A Child Is Born.” Soloists in the cantata will be William Rothenberger, baritone; William Moigan, tenor; and Alice Coe, eontialto. Joanne Lloyd is the accompanist lor the chons, s.w b. Suryey of Students Interested in Music Club Closes Tonight
11:15-
11:20-
11:2511:50-
signed as to prevent a recuirence of the world war every twenty years.
Final Victory Will Be Ours In her closing sentences. Miss
Mann warned that although the final victory will be ours, the war is far from over and the victory will be hard to get. She praised the courage and foresight of the British and American people and she closed by saying, “We know what we want,
come and get it.”
Miss Mann combined just enough humor with her sparkling personality and knowledge to make her lecture extremely interesting and after the talk she an.swered questions
asked by the audience.
Military Department To Assist In Blackout Lt. G L. Brown, accompanied by a delegation of enlisted men, will take two 75 mm. guns from the University military department to Covington tomorrow night to help stage a demonstration blackout. The coiuthouse, on which spotlights have been installed by the State Police, will serve as the main objective of the mock air raid. During the blackout period, all tiaffic is to be halted on roads leading into Covington.
The demonstration, which will last Navigator-Bombardiers may now do thirty minutes, is designed to test so without waiting to obtain two public co-opeiation and is sponsor- years college training. The lequireed by the Wilbur Fulton Post of the n^ents now call for physically , fit American Legion, the Covington high school giaduates who are single Booster Club and the city admims- between the ages of 20 to 26
for outstanding achievement in application of management piinciples
in industry and business.
Hanley Gives Presidential Speech
Music loom survey of students in- The presidential address was givterested in forming a music club en by William A. Hanley, Indianapwill be concluded this evening at 9 olis, ME ’ll, and University trustee p m. This suivey is being sponsor- on “Shall America Lead or Follow.” ed by the Music Room committee of Mr. Hanley ji\at completed his year the Student Union, under the direc- as president of the organization, tion of vice-piesidents Katie Bert- Batt is one of the five past presi-
Dr. Elliott will disclose the results of his conferences and discuss their
a Purdue man, Paul E. Holden, ’15, importance to the students, now of Leland Stanford University, o’clocks” Canceled
be sent home on requested deferrment from selective service as a back-log for the next V-7 deck (/T-ficers-training course, enrollments for which will be opened in May. June Grads Enrolled in June - June giaduates, both qnginems
President Edward C. Elliott and non-engineers, meeting pfaysi* “The Star Spangled Banner” , cal and other requirements, will be —(one stan/a)—Band, Con- granted requested defeiTments from
selective service in order that they may complete their studies. Upon receipt of their degrees, they will be enrolled in V-7 as either engineers or deck officers as qualified. Men enrolled in the general engineering officers training scltool,
-Agnes McCulloch, President of Associated Women Stu-
dents.
-“America” “Sing A While Longer” by O’Hara—Concert Choir
cert Choir and Audience.
Arrangements have been made to may upon completion of their wotkf cancel all 11 a. m. classes in order apply for further specialized trainthat the entire student body and ing in fields of deisel engineering
University staff may have the opportunity to attend the special con-
sch and Bob Seeburgei.
This survey is being conducted to obtain figures on the number of faculty a,nd students who are interested in classical and semi-classical mu-
dents and W. H. Winter lowd, ’07, president of the Purdue Alumni Association, who died a week ago at his home in Philadelphia following an automobile accident, had been
vocation progiam and hear Piesident Elliott’s speech. Those who are unable to attend the convo may listen to a broadcast of the entire program over the University radio station, WBAA. k.i.
Little Movie Convo To Show British Film
aeronautics and similar studies. Lieut. Commander Bishop, commenting on the program, said, are at war. Twenty years from nonlr, you will be glad you wore the qilifoim. The Navy is where you caut best serve your country if you are
physically qualified.”
Lieut. Commander S. A. BishoF IS Naval Liaison Officer to Selective^ Service and Officer in Charge of
V-7 Student Procurement. He has
SIC. The object is the foimation of elected vjce-piesident at the meet! TO ^HOW BritlSh Film inactive service a music appreciation club to spon- mg. in the naval reserve since 1917. sor Sunday afternoon progiams in Following the meeting the Pur- Second in the seiies of Little Duties Afloat the Music Room, and to be respon- due Club of New York City held itb Movie Convos sponsored by the Stu- On duty afloat, engineers graffsible for the upkeep of the record 22nd annual Dean Potter Night with dent Art Guild and the Union will uating from the officers training file, renewals, inventory, and al- Potter as the speaker on Pin due’s be presented in the Music Hall at schools will be placed in chai'gc of
bums. The extent of the workings of this club would be detei mined by the club membeis themselves, and would be limited only by finances.
c.e.w.
Jack Kirk
. . . and his Illinois University campus band played for 150 copples at the Union Chiistmas mixer last night. The ballroom was decorated with Chiistmas trees in keeping
with the holiday season
woik the past year.
POMM Will Hear Speech By Poorman Tomorrow “Big Guns” will be the subject of a talk to be given by Prof. A. P. Poorman of the applied mechanics department at the legulai meeting of POMM, militaiy honoraiy, at 4 p. m. tomoirow in loom 105 of the
Aimoiy.
,7:30 Tuesday evening. It is entitled
“Thiee British Films.”
Included in the progiam are: “Spring Offensive,” which depicts British life in wai-time; “Night Mail,” a portrayal of the LondonGlasgow express tram; and “Man of Aian,” a stoiy of the lives of fishermen living on the Aran islands off the West coast of Ireland. Some of the Little Movie Convos
Pool man instiucts a course in ad- to be presented later in the year
vanced ballistics. His talk will deal with artillery and its piogiess. w f.d.
+ Late War Bulletins +
inclusive, and who can pass the mechanical aptitude and geneial physi-
cal tests.
Navigator-bombaidiei officers aie membois of air foice combat teams
Elmo Scott Watson, of the Midill School of Jouinalism at Northwest-
ern University spoke yesterday to tration. s w.b. students In (he School of Civil En- ^ _
gine^rihg on the subject of script writing for ladio. Watson is Editoi
of Publishel-’s Auxilliary and the ... social frateinity announces
Westbyn Newspaper Union and is a the initiation of the following: Rob- assigned to flying duty with tactical past lil'Wdent of Sigma Delta Chi, ert H. Wilson, Indianapolis; Richard units or as Navigator-Bombardiei national'^journalistic fiatermty. At L. Custis, Goshen; William B. Hile, instructors for aviation cadets. Pull present, Watson is a membei of the Elkhart; Gary H. Klouman, Michi- information conceming this and
Gouneil of Sigma Delta gan City; Charles E. Hattery, Ce-
lina, Ohio; Glenn R. Stockmeier, Wyoming, Ohio; Fred H. Sherriff, Sharon, Penn.; Frank E. Knutzen, Hinsdale, 111.; Roboit E. Stiauss,
Wilmette, 111.
• Chinese Counterattack HONG KONG: Biitish aie holding fiimly. Chinese countei-attacked to relieve pressure on crown colony. '
• Japanese Admit Losses TOKYO: Naval authoiities admitted losses in the South Pacific.
• Knox Returns To Washington WASHINGTON: Secretary Knox is lUshing back to the cdpitol to present a personal report to the president on damage at Peail Harbor.
executive
Chi.
l^einbers of the local student chapter of Sigma Delta Chi entertained Watson at an inioimal din-
ner yesterday evening.
other phases of Aviation Cadet training may be obtained at the Adjutant’s Office, Univeisity Aimory; Lafayette Post Office or Lafayette Chambei of Com|neicc.
s.w.b.
• Russians Force Nazi Retreat MOSCOW: Russians continued to push Geimans back.
e Italians Suffer Naval Losses
operation, and maintenance of turbines, pumps, electrical plants and
at similar posts.
* All men having questions regarding naval service and remaining in the University until graduation should sign up for interviews with Lieut. Commander Bishop in the
Personnel Office.
Professor DeKay To Atteml Annual Hosfiital Meeting Professor H. George DeKay of the Pharmacy staff attended a meeting of the chairmen of all grQU|iik and sections participating in the 13th anual meeting of the Ti'i-State Hospital Assembly at the Stevefts Hotel in Chicago on Dec. IStht. The assembly is composed of SZ partiei-
“Speed Control in Squirrel Cage pating organizations and seetiona Motors” will be the subject of a sponsored by Hospital ^ssoedathms speech by W. T. Winther, vice-piesi- from Illinois, Indiana, Mmhigan dent of Dynamic Corporation, at Wisconsin. Professor DeKay ia Kenosha, Wis., before a meeting of chairman of the Hospital Phartnaeaf the AIEE next Tuesday in room 129 Section of this assembly,
of the Electiical Engineeiing build-
ing.
Winther, together with his bi oth-
er, is the inventor of the Louis Allis . . . professor of farm variable speed motor. He will illus- ment at the Agricultural trqte hjs lecture with motors dem- ment Station, will attend th« Wffb* onstrating the principles involved, mgs of the American Farm ifyfojjitr The equipment used by Winther is omic Association from
will feature American and French films, movies directed by Jons Ivens and an early example of the American epic film, “Biith of a Na-
tibn.” k.r.
Winther To Speak B)ef ore AIEE Group
Dr, T, K, Cowden
t-
CAIRO: British advanced in Libya. Italian ciuiser and toipedo boat furnished by the Louis Allis Co., 30 at the Commodore Hotelilt were loporled sunk by British and Dutch naval vessels. with whom Winther is affiliated. Yn,.i. nif,, ^
with whom Wipther is affiliated. York City.
> ^ -ii A'lEw f
A
W: -M ■ >' .
rv
f / /
A ,
<‘'i"
i ^
M 'I M
<4iiaiiSiiiiMyiH
Purdue Exponeni
>f i . ^ Sunday^ December 14fd^§^ *
riu IwMnWIvF ^ «j M 5. I - lom
and Rbberf^ Allen
|ap Newsmen Deprived Of White House Privileges; Na3&^p^e<^^1p^^dlng> WASHINGTON — One week agn today those who attended St Ag nes’s Episcopal Chinch in Wash nigton weie stined by a sight they will not soon foiget St Agnes’s IS High Episcopal lan, and is located in a Negro section of the Capital Few members of the congregation still li\e in the communitj And on last Sunday most of those at the seivice were childien, foi it was at ^ 30 a ni Lbamng foiwaid in one pew was a tall, gaunt foi m w hich only a few people recognized as Viscount Hal ifax, the British Ambassadoi ffis Lordship followed the ser >ic* ver\ carefnilj And when Father DuBois reached that part in the semoe where he prayed “fori guidance for all Christian rulbrs, ‘Viscount Halifax was visibly and deeply irtoved A few houis latei he was to Itain how much his piayers weie needed Foi alieadj that moining the Jap anese wai loids had launched then mission of death upon Honolulu Japanese Kewsnien When wai broke Japanese news men m Washington weie lounded up bj the Piesident’s peisonal body guaid Tom Qualtti^ Pin pose was not to detain the toi itspondents but to lift then ciedentials and deny them fiuthei access to news ^ouices Qdalters went first to the of fice of Homei, official Japanese news agency, in the National Press Building He was looking for Masuo Kato and Claike Ka wakami, but neither was Iheie Laler^ Kalo was found in his apartment and Kawakanii was tracked down at the Lnioii Sta tion, about to boaid a liain for New York What Qualteis wanted most fiom these two, plys two othci Japanese coiiespondents, was the caid of the White House Con e«pondents Asso ciation which is an open sesame al most anywhcie Note — Tlie case of Kawakaini is exceptional, though a Japanese coi ie=pondent he is an Amciicin citi zen son of a Japanese fathei ind an Ameiican mothci and a gi adiiatc with honois fiom Haivaid When newsmen coveiing the State De paitment tiied their hand at a Foi eign Seivice exam lecenth Kaw i kairu did bcttei than a'l Ymciican coiiespondents cxceit Lawicnee lodd, lepiesentativc of Russia’s Tass Agency Vanishing Dollars Assuming that on August 1 1940 youi dollai was woith 100 cents to day that same dollai in puichasing power IS woith only 88^ cents This IS not an imaginaiv or scare statement It is a plain de ilaration of fact about an ominous problem that vitally affects the welfare of even man woman and child in the country, although few are a-wgre of it or how serious it IS On August 1 1941 the cost of living was 5’,. pei cent highei than on the same date tlie ycai pievious Since last August 1 the cost ot living has jumped anothei G pei cent
Back Scat Drivers
It ^' i
Last Sunday Amenca^ was shocked mto action by the surprise a’fetackion P^arl'i^HArbori Our losses that day wei e severe, but they did hate the effect of snapping the people of this country out of their overconfidence. We now realifee that oui foi ces ai e not invulnerable to
attacks
Howevei, because the Pacific fleet seemed to hat e been caught napping Sunday morning, some public officials and: civihails are hoWlmg fOr the heads of naval officials In fact, one Congiessman demanded that these men be court-maitialed As yet few know what actually happened out theie in the Pacific and why the Japanese were soj successful ih theiSr attasek, the answers may be found air our Naval*^ policy of the past months, which has beert di'etated by a civilian command Obviously an investigation IS in order, but this business of loudlt ciiticizing admirals and generals is a nastt game in which the civilian population should not engage Our military and naval leaders have received the best tiainmg that this countiy can offei, but some of those new m command will have
All Out!
their heads lopped off m the nexrfew'months IVfemy of them reached thfeir positions^because they weie skilled organizers in peace time, but some may prove incapable of directing our forces m actual battle However, when weeding out IS necessary, it must not be done by public op^miO'H, but by trained naval and miL itary officials, who have the knowledge and experience necessary to conduct a war. Public opinion, patriotism, and a high morale cah play Important parts in the winning of the war, but civilian and even Congressional opinion cannot actually conduct and plan campaigns This must be done only by our skilled rtiihtary and naval officials Thtey are Wise men, and ivi^e must follow and trust them They may make mistakes which will be terrible and irreparable, but they know far more about problems of waging wai than we do It is obvious that we can’t win without wise leadership, without it our victory is already preclui^ed But we have this leadership, and that is where our confidence must he if the men Who will di'1 ect us through the war are to function effic-
iently
Sn, (^ku/uchiA,
West Lafayette Baptist Church Coiiiei Columbia and Chauncey Sts Joseph B Gleason, Student Pastoi 9 30 a m —Eogei Williams Club Class 10 36 a m —Moi'ning Church Woiship 5 30 p m—Roger Williams sup ptei and fellowship houi 6 30 p m —ChirstiPas story lead by Helen Cox, ’42 7 00 p m —Chou will present a piogiam ot Chiistmas Carols 7 30 p m —Rogei Williams Club Diamd gioup Will plesent ChiiStmas play “Peace I Give Unto you” by Doiothy Wilson At the close ot the play the offi ceis of the Club will piesent the Yule Candle to some one m the chuich foi some seivice lendeied dUimg the jear The public is in vitcd Theie will be Caiolmg at 7 00 p m
Univer'^ity Presbyteriim Church North Street at Grant Street Sunday, December 14 John W Findley, pastoi and dilector of the Westminster Founda tion Joanne Lloyd, oiganist Jim Chase, chon directoi 9 80 a 111 —Di Giaves will con elude his senes of lectuies on the New Testament by telling how it was tiansmitted to us 10 30 a m —Wfl' Firtdley Will ad diess the congregation on “Peace on Eaith Good Will to Men in ld42 ” The chou liJs piepaied Chiistmas music foi this last woiship service before Chiistmas 4 15 p w —Theie will be a meet ing of the congregation ill the Assembly Room Following the meeting a Candle Light Communion Soi vice will be Held iii the chapel in place of the Shnday evening vespeis 6 45 p m —The Sunday Evening Club will meet foi suppei and discussion in the Recieation Room
making an mciease of 11 Vf; per cent ovei what it was August 1, 1940 That is in f6ui and a half months, the mciease in youi living costs has 11101 e than doubled Thus youi pay has been cut 6 pei cent since last August 1 And that isn’t all Price Administrathr Leon Hen derson estimates that at the rate piesent uncontrolled econdinii factors are snowballing the cost of living shortly wiH begin pyra niiding at the eye popping pace of 1 Vi per cent a month That is, you will be taking a pay cut every month of 1 Vj per cent Th^t IS you will unless something IS don^ about it Hendeison has been fiantically tivmg to get something done about it since August when the Piesident sent his message in gently asking Congie«s foi pi ice control legisla tion Thanks to a log lolling com bine of congiessional faim and la boi inteiests his lesults so far aie zeio In fact they aie woise than nothing Aftei st tiling foi foui months dm mg w hich the cost of living took a 6 pti cent gouge out of yoiii pock cthool the log lolling coalition passed a measuie m the House that m effect legalizes dollai rifling boo'-ls m living costs Instead of con tioiling puces this bill would foice pi ICC inci eases ind encoinage a leiitable Pandoia’s box of economic and social evils—sluices and othei label distillbances ovei wage de mauds piofitceimg inflation and SCI ew ball political panaceas Up to the Senate' The soidid House bill is now be loic the Senate B inking Commit tec one of the ablest committees in Cong!ess In the absence of Senator Bob Wagner of New \ork, Scnatoi Carter Glass of Virginia, fathei of the Pederal Reseive system, is leting chairman 11 anyone on Capitol Hill is a foe of inflation it IS Glass ButGliss ind hiS committee aie not the Senate The same log i oiling elements tint massacied the Hen del son bill in the House il o aie
piesent m potent iiumbeis m the Senate And if they can helji it, little, if anything will be done to lestoie the measuie to its onginal effective foim Meanwhile it will be weeks betore the legislation will reach the Senate floor With a Idng hohdJy recess m 'the offing, the measure couldn t be taken up even it the Banking cottinnttee repUrted it out quickly That means, that it rtiay be February before a pricefixing bill hithUy is engeted Meanwhile, as Congress “fiddles ’ the cost of living continues to sky locket and the bilyihg pOwei of youi dollai whethei wage eainei busi ness man oi faimei g-iows less and less eveiy day Note — Heie is something to le membei During the Woi Id Wai the U S spent aioiind $34,000 000,000 and a veiy giave inflationaiy condi tion developed So fai ovei $68,000 000 000 has been appiopiiated for the defense piogiam and this is only half of what militaiy authoiities saj will he needed Capital Chaff When Hitlei hating Senatoi Peppei of Floiida meets Hitlei hating Secietaiy of Navy Knox each gleets the othei with Hello you old appeasei, how aie you' Senatoi Haiiy Tiuman of Misspuii displays on his office w ill the patched wai maps by which he di lectcd the fiic of his aitiliciy com panj m Fiance 23 yeais ago Beginning last Monday, all ti ilfic was bailed fiom Ea-^jt Executive and Wevt Executive Avenues lun nin^ by the White House On the desk of Piesidential seeietaiy Steve Eaily is the Maik Twain mot to “Always do light this will please some people astonish the lest On the desk of Senatoi Chai les Me Naiy of Oiegon is the same motto Miss Rankin Dtssenfs A dramatic piivate debate took pi ICC aiound Repiesentative Jean nette Rankin befoie she cast hex ‘'olitaiy vote igainst the wai lesolu tion a Eellow Republican isolationists, among them Haiold Knutson of
Miiitt, who like her had voted against war in 1917, pleaded with the Montana cortgresswoman to vote for the declination against Japan ‘ We have been attacked ’ they argued “The United States didn’t stait this wn “I need moie time to decide, ’ Miss Rankin insisted “Give me ten horns to think this ovei ’ “But Japan is invading oiu tciii toiy Japan is attacking us' ' “That IS what Roosevelt says ’ was the stubborn answei “I am not taking hiS woid foi it I am against w ar "Neufral" Sweden Intelligence lepoits cast Sweden in 1 new lole as a wai aid suppliei to Adolf Hitlei Confidential word has been le ceived that the Nazis have secured the gi eat Shipbuilding facilities of Sweijen to add to those ot Contin ental Euiope, in their momentous race to outstrip \meiican and Biitwh shipyards Ahc Swedish bulls ue finincin., hall of this Nazi ship piogiam with the othci half to be paid out of Gei man tiade balances in Sweden 1 he Gei man steel industi y w ill supplj a laige part of the ship plates Deliveries are to begin in 1913 As lar is has been ascei tamed the ships w ill be freighteis transports and other types of cai „o carrieis The Swedes w ill not make any wai ships as such al though the ships the\ build will be lor the purpose of enabling the Na/ii to carr) on then war ot woi Id conquest (Continued on pige 4) Everylliing for n | College Education DEAC’S
Wesldy Foundation Pn st Methodist Chiu ch Chauncey and South Stieets 9 30 a m—Cliuich School Foui classes loi students 10 40 i m—Moining woi ship seivice Di 0 S Steele will speak on the influence of the Bible 2 30 p m—Laying of the coinei stone of the Neeley Memoiial Wes ley Foundation Building 6 45 p m—Wesley Vespers—an nlial Chiistmas seivice Progiam will featuie Charles DiCkens ‘Chiistmas Caiol’ with Ronald Colehian as Sciooge on lecordings 8 00 p m —Foimal initiation sei vice of Wesley Pliyeis
Tonight at 7 p m the Rbgdi Wil hams Club and thfe chill Ch chon will piesent a candlelight ChiiStmas pi o giant in the auditoiium of the West Lafayette Baptist Chuich The chon IS directed by Ivah Giuvei Puce, assisted by Mis Fiances Biody at the oigan The following piogi,im will be pi esented Oigan Pi elude Chon Pioeessional “Maich of the Kings” Caiols and Placing of Candles by the Chon “The Fust Noel ’ 0 Little Town of Bethlehem “4,way in a Mangel “Haik the Ileiald An„cls Sing
■Foilndation Plans^Waeklvh, Sunday Evnnitig Prvgranr* ‘ Ptirdue Chiistian Foundation Will hold Its weekly Sunday evening progiam at 5 16 today This week's program is open to everyone The group will gathei at the Foiiridatioh and pi oceed to the churchf fhi* a-'lOfe suppbt Songs and games will follow, and at 7 30 the gioup will sing ChinSt^ mas carols at different poihts iff thh city The piogram will close with lelreshments at the Foundation House a s
by the Congiegation Offei tory ‘ 0 Holy Night” -r- Vn|:inia Ulrey Play — “Peace I Give Hniio 'i’ou” by Doiothy Wilson DiieCtol — Phtiteia BrhWn Cast— Joseph—Wayne Stephenson Alec—Milford Cheney Petei — Tiitiothy 'Tilton Martha — Patricia Brown Soldiei — Eldon ifeeSslei Costbilies and Make-uT — GtSfiie Gainer Helen Snyilei Staging — Bill Fish, Bill Harmon Picsentation of Yule Candle by Rogei Williams Club officers — Rogei Uhlei, Gene Thompson, Eugene Byei
THE EATInG house COMPLETE KAMPUS KITCHEN
Hit,
HEADtNG FOR HOm<? Start right and easy' Send your lug;,age round trip by trusty, low cost Railway Lxprbss, and take your tram with peace of mind We pick up and deliver, reitiember It no extra charge withirt out reg iiiar vehicle limits m all cities and principal towns Youmetelyphone
Railway
AOBNCY
NATIONWIDE RAIL AIK SRRVICt
dCY INC
ESS
XMAS bus' rates DtRBCT TO
R T
R T
Chicago, III
$2 95
New York, N Y
$»7 65
Gary, Ind
2 95
Pittsburgh, Pa
9 00
Michigan City, Ind
2 95
Bpsfon,^ Moss
23 65
Indianapolis, Ind
2 10
Jersey City, N )
17 65
(PJus Tax)
FREE
MEALS AND
FREE PILLOWS
Low Rales to—Minneapolis, Minn —Madison, Wii -—Amaha Neb Kansas City; Mo ——Denver, Coio —Los Angeles, Calif YANKEE TRAILWAYS 208 N 5th Street Phone 4475
^wvdust^ ^xpmtBnL Ail-American 1940-^41
Filtered a** second class matter at tlie post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Coiigiess of Match So 1879, and at the special r.ite of postage provided tor in section 1103, act of October 3, J9n, authorized January 20, 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the SUmmer Session Delivered locally by carrier for $3 50 per year, mail subscriptioiis,»|^4 00
hdilor in-Chuff I'diluri, Siiorts bdituf'
Ned A Ochiltree Bueinehs Manag'er John L. Traugott Managing Editor Phil Johnson C.oed Editor
Don S Powers Leland W RufFner Ruth Rose
Publication Staff
' Afcsociate E luors Editorial J h Am s J 11 Armbtront D T Brophy
K I Hailey t J J i Blivrts htaft O'! (iail
1
J 11 hi
Ki i<
J S K tier
Cued StalTi Mary iv Buyi toi All c rhairidil Jane Ramsddi
Business Staff Coed Business Manager Donna Sicss Office Manager Lee Bo BOtIC f Local Advertising Managers K K Gjemre R E Saxton Circulation Manager W 1 Bell Accounts Manager W I) Mill 11(1 Junior Coed Managers Jean Trankcnbcrry Frances Lloyd Julia M irtin
Pbanes:
t itonal iind Buiiness, 4005, Sports, 2792 idiforial After 10 P M, 5377
Kiprcbdtul )(r ni tional advcitisint, by National Alvcitis me Semci li ( ( lleg I iblishcrs Itcpusei tatives 420 Madi on Am New Ycik N Y
SUtM BdRorpHi Issue Editor,. isson
Staff For This Issue
Night Sports (lark Day Editor Buvnion
Reporters DucB,t il ic Kotiicmore UtnIU Hitston Wnltl wr,ith hox Mitdi 11 / 11 V<t,h Holli nd H il i Sports b wunjb KaipifU
MMVSfiTtt
PEfEl? Starts TOPXyl^wo of; togi&j:; dh oiii* 'tIniVersity’s staff ^aye' the two men l^ho yvorjit betim^ fthe bhrs' of the ^ checkout window bvah'in the Fieldhbu'se. 'jheSeytwd • fellowdii l'liatiiy artd'^attdr fedfry^^ eadh; day, 'meet abidUt‘Bob; atliletig irtinddd stui|^, ddn4 ffbril'bdhihd^^ bah at the cheeicbut.‘vi'ihdd*tyt J’fey' ilbvd plete charge of dvehy2,l6b basketv lockers, whidh“are; all full at pres- ;/( eht,ihave over b,b05 'pieces of athletic eqtdpineiri^ ‘‘wiliivifig iti aritf 'dbt of ^tihe dhedHisroOnij cdnetd^^ and If in their spare moments of freedom whi^ on duty, thOy ,repair equip-
tnfin!t., ■ '.
It’s A Long Day, ; .^ >y The'average day of the man behind’ the efcreeh' begihs at seyen in the, inorning, First there are clean tONVels to put in tbe baskets of the ** lockers used the daybefdre, benches to :straight6ti and tbs pool, to: openv anidngtqj^ett;th|ttgsi:'jjhed to the old ^ cheekbpb tvrindaw to begin the day of chbcldflg equipihent i^ and out. (It might be'added'that therq are at least BOG loekht^^s with dirty-towels; ^ tb yisi'^hhd;ydlil^d'‘^th^eled^^^ each nibmlrtg'yOut of tbe 2400' in the’place.)- T|ii^ checking and reche'ekingtgoesfbpidor. eleven hours a ^ day. six ditySi a Week, and for fdur liquys on'Suildayiuffernoon.'Seventy hours' a‘ ■^eek' thd'Cheekdut virih-' ddW is open, and all to be looked af-
tbr by two men.
^ Besides checking things in and odtyythe map op; ddty. has to:’ open tile docks of l^etmcWe foi^tful fei^': V lowb who come to the Pieldhouse pjinus their keys (at ten cents pdf Ippde of memory) make new keys ) fop-the felld'd^s Whti'hdv|;loSf thetrs cbidbletely^hpd say 'iribli. tq;.fdlh)wsy who want change for dimes or quart^fe to pureha|d:ppfites .Tropi dhe ' ^ FrOd Kinder apple' concession which is llist acr6's's.';thd 'Idbby fromi'thb',
window.- .
y Trdbble AndMVtdre Tfdubre There arenJ't mdpy. pet peeves'de-
" DR. FAUL A.. RISK' DR. kDTHER A. risk DR. HAROLD ). RISK —iDENWSTS:';... ; 400-404 Schultz Bldg. ,dtH and Main St. L'>tayette
■VOlopOd' firOUnd the checkout window,, usually the plan in-charge-is: too blisy to notice- the' chips'dn the shoulders; dr-tell the dull tools to go jump in the: Wabash; however, the constant ;stream .'of gripes frprti students -who absentmindedly,' or otherWike, take tpWels .hoibe With them, and get.changed for therp; the mien who want to . check out equipfnerit fot fraternity or intra.nlural, sports and haven't received ptermission from thfe: intrardural office; and those afOrementipned lads ■Without the cprrept change to'get an apple from the, “Hohpr'system” apple counter, do get beneath the skin of the man at the window at timeSf The 2,000 different articles of equipmeht in the check out room consists of a liftle of every kind of athletic equipment imaginable; All sports engaged in by the various Bbilerpiaker teams are provided- for plus a few of the freak:sp‘drtdv.:Thdrd. is no prevailing year; afdbpd spdrt as ope niighf;'e3{pect:td’fi][it^^ibnt.j:he' equipipept;gdes -:Put seasonj‘y 'ap the; ■varipuS;,spprts "coipd pr.Qupd; hoWp. eyer, i;^. it;:Were n,d0eSsary,;1io; ParVie the mdst popplar. pidde: of:, .eqnipr,. ment; it would. undoubtedly, be the bashetballV as basiketbplk'ia played practicall'y ffie year arouPd' in In-
djana::
The size of the equipment hanging and laying around the room ranges from' the dimimitiye ping pongiball tp^the grapdpapa of equipment irtjthd Fidldhouse—-a bdbSled. Gaptf F. H. Miller, EE/32, Rf^eiyes Army? PromDtion
f rede4!%MleH^^Ua-
tioned at Eandolph Field, has been ’ prdpiotdd'^fro’m iOppt'aip|tid ']^ajdr in the United States Army, He attended’thd'HhiVe'rsIty arid-wds gradriated in'i9S2!'Wltliit a''degree'-in 'eltectrical ertgiHOeririgt . . ■ : -t PfofvW; W. Gregory 4^.'.". of-'the'dairy'husbandry department, has been in Huntington, ; Kewanna and Fort Wayne for the past two days conferring with but-
ter project cooperators.
TICKETS
Studen’td may dbtairi' reserve seat tickets for/thd Univefslty’s first four hpiHWBiglTeP'^d^^ gaihes with Chicago, Michigan, Ohio State and Minnesota during the period fronf MoMday threugh; Thbrsday, of'’ ndxtwdoki it ; Wad announced trtdiiy by C. S. Doan, ticket niartager. It wiH be unnecesi; sarji' to : ekeharige codpiih.^,:. f^r Seatd ’ for the non-conferertte schedule; as all students; will be adiliitfed. upbu predeptatibn' of theiPpttOspOrtS,. ' Didtributipri.of seats for the four giiihed W'iW' be mad,is by class/ es prt-the following schedule: Monday, seniors; Tuesday, juni o r s;, .Wednesday, sophOni'ore.s; Thursday, freshmen. K'oIlOWitig, the, cOtti’pl'etron'of the sfudertt- disbribbtiop all' remaining seats will be placed on sale to the generat public. Tickets'for 'the reniaining three home Big Ten games will be distributed ap follows: February 2, seniors; February 3; juniors.; February 4, sophomores; February 5, freshmen, ail.s.- -. ■!.
law-wf' '"ft# "(S' (C
roc
pmm ptACE
lOc
H6WE=5MAD||J«WiI
BEEP BARBi;Q P0RK TENDERLOiN
Phone 2054
FURNAS ICE CREAM 216 W,X:«IuhibIa Sf.
We .Deliver
Camem Naiiryes St^veiiger Winners The Camera Club announced the winners in the recent scavenger hrint at a meeting - in the Union Thursday' night'. U, C, Jones , and R. A. Brand wei’e tied for first plhce, and each received tWo dollars worth of merchandise at the Foster
Shop.
-The scavenger hunt was held on Thursday, Dee. 5, and entries were judged last Thursday. Eight subjects composed'the field from which contestants were directed' to make four studies. ; '' - The eight subjects were live fish, dashboard, of a truck, a bull session, a “couple kissing,” a policeman's badge (photographed by match light),, a superman comje book, Gerber’s baby food and a li-ve white chicken. Most of the above entries were flash pictures.
. . ; social sorority, will entertain faculty members with a tea from 3 , to 5 p. m. today. .
Southworth’s
SPICIU JEWS y iLETJ
' SoiithwOTth’s GIFT SHOP
j/' j-f/i.-'-'-i.'"-.,
Ti^rious Local Counter Attacks Are Now Raging!
And the scene of action is SOUTHWORTH’S Nciw GIFT SHOP. The best defense is a good offense-^so do yotiF gift sh'opjiiftg NOW in our spacious downstairs. A gift for everyone on your list.
I'lmOHE BIIWK H SOPPLI SIflBE
308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE, IND.
Sy Ed jCafpicl{‘ Next Friday night when thfe Great Lakes Naval Training Station basketball team meets the Bdilermakqr five, there will be incl'udeii in the lineup of the sailors one Forrest Anderson, another fine pi’oduct of Hoosier - baeketiiMlll IJi’a hafri'e may not mean as much to' basketball fans in this area as that df-Menkei Andres or some of theiotheris, but that is because his .feats, .on, the, hardwood were out on .the Pacific coast for. Stanford University. “Fordy,^’ as the west coast scribes' usually, referred to b,im, .:\y;^s .the pi’ide of the San Franeisqp,Bay,.;reg.ion during his undergrgduqte,(jays. Though slight of build„hPi .was able to give and-take with the best of them, and in almost every case outscored his opponent. . , . Tak^s'LuisettPa Place His college ' cdiirt oarcer :■ startOd Under the toughest c6nditions:ipos-: sible; he was the man called,upon to . replace the phenomenal. Hank Luisetti. The difficulty of , his'assignment did not -seem to . both'Or Mr. Anderson, because he seemed to play with only one thing on his mind and that; was to play the best brand of basketball of which he was capable. The highlight of the college basketball career of Forrest Anderson occurred two seasons agx) during Ms junior year at Stanford. At that time he proved to be the wooden horse to Southern California’s Trojans in their march toward the Pacific Coast Championship. Stops Trojans’ March Some of the Boilermaker fans may remember that Ui S. C. team, for that is the club that defeated the Riveters, 38-34 in a game played here at the Fieldhouse. To get back to. the point, this same Trojan team continued to dominate play in the .Pacific Coast League until they ran afoul of our Mr. Anderson. Fordy had been out of action with a bad case of “flu” for some days before the game so it was considered likely that he would not even see action. Not only did he see action, ;but he was the action of that particular game. He outscored another talented Hoosier,. Ralph Vaughan, the use captain, and led the Stan-
^ KEEP YOUR HOME P NEAT AHD ATTrtACfiyE WITH I ACE PAiNITS I FIXTURES — HARDWARE i John Sperb 822-24 Main. St. ,
. . . annual gridiron classic, whs carideiledf yesterday: by order hf the goverrtdr; of; California; befeause df the posSibiUty' ofisudden 'attack on' the Eacifiy Coasty u . ; ^ ■
ford irtdians to ah upset victory. Look Out For Hint One of the Bay Region editors in a comment on Anderson’s play in that game stated, “If that’s the way .he( plays after a bad ease of flu, I’d like to seem him after a case of double pneumonia.” So," keep your eye on Forrest Andeirson next Friday, because when he’s good he’s very, very.good. SHidenf Senate To l%bU$ii List Of Approved Tutors According to announcement released by the Student Senate yesterday, final lists have bpen completed for the student typing and tiTtoring service. This service has been established by the Senate as a clearing-house for students desiring, employment in tutoring and typing and also for those wishing to employ students for those purposes. University Sets Riice Rates for the service have been set by the Univei’sity at 60 cents per hour. The tutors are students who have been recommended by the heacN of the schools in which they are enrolled as being sufficiently proficient in certain subjects to. be qualified to instruct in them. . It was indicated by the Senate that the faculty advises delinquent students to be tutored , as early as possible rather than to Wait until examination time. k.k. Wesley Foundafion To Lay Corniersf'olie Of Building Dr. Otto Scott Steele, minister of the First Methodist Episcopal church, will officiate at the ceremony today the cornerstone of the new Neeley Meiriorial 'Wesley Foundation building, this afternoon at 2:30. The building is being erected at the corner of State and Sheetz streets, West Lafayette. Fpllo-wing the ceremony, a tea will be held at the Foundation House, 116 Sheetz Street, The public is invited, w.h.
Purdue Athletic Council Plan ■’“'With the co-bperation of the various fraternities, the PAC will invite several of the outstanding high school athletes of the Middle West to sperid a week-end at the University. At that time they Will be placed in. the organization that is interested in the man, and, if that organization beiidves the mail to be fraternity material, they will have the opportUnitjr of rushirig him at that time.” The preceding paragraph is reprinted from a letter vrhich the PAC is' sending to all fraternity rush chairmen today. It summarizes the'plhri that the Athletic Council has originated to help “promote better fraterriity rushing and improve the quSlity of the athletic material at Ptitdlie University.” ► RUshChairitfert"-—ItVUp ’ Thib -plan haS received the O.'K. stamp of approval of the Western Conference moguls, the Bbilermaker athletic department, and jUst this Week the unanimous consent of the Interfraterriity President’s Corihcil'Wheri presented by Council member Bill Carilpbell. Now it is all up to the rush chairmen of the individual fraternities aS to how well the plan will go over. With the letter that is beings sent,to these'persons a list of 58 of tbe outstanding senior football players in the Mid-West is enclosed. At the meeting of rushing chairmen next Thurddil'jr afternoon, these players will be delegated to the houses which are interested by a system of preference ballots in the hands of an impartial cothmittee. ■- . ■ : Ndt Orriy For Purdue —- But For Their Houses The incentive for rush chairmen to get briJhe bMl toward/aiding thik program is not orily one of a spirit of loyally for their University, but. mainly is one of a selfish or personal nature; By attending'.the/riiOfttiogV all houses will have equal chances at boys who will be the future'Alt-' Americans and Conference scoring champs, and the boys who will thake the best fraternity timber. , It’s a great opportunity to get in on the ground floor and get soriid good lines on some good boys, a swell start toward getting eilougMbtiygJo. fill the ranks depleted by the draft. Like any other plan, it will only be'as i good as the fraternities themselves wish to make it./ ► H Has Great PotentiaHties The co-opei-ation of the Greek organizations in carrying out this pro- . gram will be a great aid in furthering athletics at this institution..lt is a , plan to fairly meet the challange of other Universities which are employing obviously questionable means of dbtairiing the same purpose. "Wd do not hesitate to say that Purdue is the fairest and straightest shodtirig. school in the conference in handling athletics. We know that to be aTact. However, as is too often the effect of bending over backwards to fplldW the straight and narrojv path, others whose scruples are not so yvell der fined are apt to take advantage of this honesty, and profit by it. This plan is submitted to fairly uphold Purdue athletics in the wake of a cdhference survival of the fittest campaign. If it does not work successfully more drastic means must be taken in order to stay with-’the fit, for it looks like this situation is one in which virtue is not rewarded. At any rate, let’s give this plan a chance. 0. K. by you?
Southworth’s
Foresf'ry Club Wijl Hold Meef’ing Tuesday Forestry Club will hold a meeting Tuesday night at 7:30 in room 117 of the Horticulture . building. Dr. Mai'tell, head of the Forestry departnieht wilL address . the group. A inoyie, supplied by the United States Forestry Service, will be the theme of the meeting. This mo-vie will be supplemented by Dr. IVlartells’ descriptions. Refreshments and group singin.g will follow the movie, c.j.f.
■ famous-
Ihrd are some ^ifts that keep on gicln^ MllsBh-^-^YsehaiW^ski^ij^li^i'tfl iintB^laE Minor—Vladimar Horowitz—
M'/TOS'-'-Bectltdven-'—Coneorto in D-Mdjot for Violin—Herfetz—Tosca-
M-815—Brah'Ms—Dqylile'CftnecrtjiS-Viplii* and Cello-—Heittz, Fcuerm.inn , aiid Orn'idUdy";Coridue^inh. ,P.l.iilildq(t>hia Orchestra. Symphony in D-Minor—San Fransiseo Symphony
M-820—Maurice/ Ravel—La Valso—San Fransiseo Symphony—Pierre Mouteaii'x. ' Clirislmas Shopping made e,a8y! TiiebraiulJiow \ . .;orMusicalMaslor[‘ioc'(.'yCaUilo;;iiiukcs it easy foi-'ycri l,i i:elccttlie favorite inusie ol' everyone on yoiir Clu i.--:|ei:i3 list..Contains l)e:st-known, best-loved selections --:-.!t types of music. He sure to ask for it. Thn If'orlil’a CreUtest Arlhta are on firlor Jtrrarila. To lii-ar I'ii-lor Itfroril/i «t their heal, play llic/ri on ilia nviv ItCA ( ietrula.
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS University Bunk Store
i‘*Keil” Sum
Epplp MO
Joseph Sker Staff Poultry SpetiaHsI Hatcherymari Joseph 'W. Sicef has been appointed poultry specialist ori the University staff. He. will begin his work on Jan. 1, 1942. Sicer has sewed on the farm institute staff and has spoken here on poultry and breeding topics. : Since his graduation in 1923, Scicer has been a breeder of chickens and for the last 1(> years has been* president of the Indiana Record of Performance. Breeder’s'Assoeiationi Exam Booklet^ . . . published by the Student Senate will be placed on sale Monday in the Tr easurer’s office in the Administration Building.
THE FOSTER SHOP
east side square
SANTA Likes Boys aiid Giifis to be Neat and Chtaii.
Do you remember your Mother saying that? The same thing hold true now, hut applies to not only neck-, ears,, and ngcrnails, hut to eldthes, hats, and shoes. ; ; : When you go hon\e for the Christnias festivities be sure tKat your. clay-time clothes are clean and well pressed; that your eyening; clothes are free of soil and odor; that your shoes dp not have ruHover heels and that your hats are freshly cleaned and blocked.
Don’t spoil lhat first date with the one aiut only sure your clothes are ill perleel- oriler. ’ J o gdl that stn’vite . . . Pliotie 7278.
be
4-
■ ■ V ■■■■
,, ■!'terry^Go^Round (Cohtiiiued from page 2)
‘, '!Notc: Recently Swedish vessels delivered four large cargoes of newsprint pulp to South America where* it is reported, the urgently needed propaganda material reached Nazi Sands. Last ,summer the U. S. put an- embargo on paper exports to Nazi agents as part of the fight to bTSick their subversive propaganda
operations.
. Missing Senator '
J i Members of the House Appropria;
Senate WillSponso^ Has-Been Christmas Special Trains For Students
As in the past, the Student Senate will sponsor special trains to Chicago and New York for students homeward-bound for Christmas va-
cation.
With the slogan today “Army Men First,” the problem of transportation has become more difficult. The New York Central s;gstem, how-
5tions subcopimittee who went to that ever, will endeavor to furnish equip-
ipnch-publicized junket to Latin ment.
America swear this really happened. On their way to Miami, where ’ they were scheduled to board a Pan-American clipper, the train ran a “hot box” at a small town in northern Florida, and the con- [ gressional travelers got out to stretch their legs. Fun-loving Representative Jack Houston of Kansas went up to an overalled workman who was repairing the > trouble and engaged him in coh- ^ versation. ! After a few inti’oductory re;inarks, Houston inquired earnestly, “By the way, who aie the United ^tates Senators from this State?” - “1 can’t remember offhand,” replied the busy workman. ; “Haven’t you got one by the name |)f Pepper?” • “Yes, you’re right. Claude Pepper.” ’> “Haven’t you got another named Andrews ?” continued Houston pleasantly. ■ “Come to think of it, guess we have,” said the railroad man. “But I’ll be blamed if I can l emember the third one.” (Copyright, 1941, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.) Bridge Team Will Play Indiana For First Time ■ University, bridge team will meet a team representing Indiana University today at 2 p. m. and again tit 6 p. m. in room 302 of the Union. Student Unions of the two schools are acting as sponsors and plan to ■ brake the contest, held this j'ear for the first time, a semi-afinual affair. A trophjr will be presented to the vidnning team. '. Charles Kimer will direct the tournament. University players in the matched-point duplicate game will be Dick Johnson, EE ’42; George Kintner, EE ’42; Felix Losson, Met ’42; and. Tom Gardner, Met ’43. Spectators are invited to attend. S.w.b.
Identification coupons for the round trip ticket will be available at the University Book Store beginning December 15, between the hours of 4:00 and 5:30, at prices quoted below. Due to the 'present conditions this schedule is naturally subject to the ability of the railway to furnish coaches and the taric conditions. The train going to Chicago will leave Lafayette at 1 p. m., December 20. The New York train will leave Lafayette at 12:45 p. m., December 20th. Fares to various cities were announced as follows: Chicago, $4.00; Cleveland, $9.75; Buffalo, $15.50; New, York City, $25.00. c.j.f. Tecumseh Campers Will Hold Reunion Students who have formerly attended Camp Tecumseh will be welcomed by Prof. G. H. Graves, faculty advisor of Freshman Camp, at a supper meeting and reunion at 6 p. m. tonight in the west faculty lounge of the Union. A short program has been planned after supper. Making college friendships is the purpose of this camp. An opportunity for renewing friendships will be made at this meeting. There will be a slight charge for the supper, c.e.w. Prof. Davis, Dr. Lambert Will Attend Meeting Prof. J. J. Davis, head of the' entomology department, and Dr. W. V. Lambert, Associate director of the Agricultural Experiment Station, will attend the insect session of a meeting of canners in Urbana,111., on Tuesday afternoon. The subjects for discussion at this session will be the European Corn Borei- and the Japanese Beetle. The insects will be discussed from the standpoint of planning a strong program for the development of control measures. g..w.s.
Christmas
eg Davis, who failed to appear tc? claim the fifth throne at the Riveters Rassle Friday evening, was an object of campus-wide sympathy yesterday when it was revealed that after a week of vigil by the telephone, a week spent calling 32 Fraternities and 71 Gary Hall men and a final week of frantic concerted effort by all the Thetas, Queen (it says here) Davis still didn’t have a dale for the Rassle.
Phi Kappa
. . . social fraternity, announces the honorary initiation of Joe Boland, head football line coach. Before coming to the University Boland was line coach at Notre Dame for seven years. Besides coaching, he has served as sports announcer over the University radio station. Others to be initiated are: Joe Bower, ME ’43, Hammond; Jack Rhoorda, ChE ’44, River Forest, 111.; Walter Stipplei-, ME ’44, Evansville. Dr. J. H. Martin ... of the poultry husbandry department, went to Kentland Friday to present a talk to a gathering of veterinarians..
■ Under the sponsorshipof the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, the annual state' conference of the Air Youths of America will be held in the south ballroom of the Union, at 7:30 p. m. 'Tuesday. Ken Harker, former pi’esident of the Univei’sity Model Airplane Club, will be the principal speaker of the evening, talking on th'e subject of radio controlled airplanes. At the meeting, there will be a demonstration of actual models, one model being the 19iij pound, 14 tube, superhetrphyne airplane that was entered in, last year’s national air model contest. I The meeting is open to the public, and special invitation is extended to all underclassmen, c.e.w. Sororities Will Entertain Needy Children Tuesday Alpha Chi Omega, Kappa Alpha Theta, Pi Beta Phi and Phi Mu sororities will entertain needy children of Lafayette with a Christmas party. and banquet from 5 to 7 p. m. Tuesday in the ea.4t faculty lounge of the Union. ^ Members of the sororities will help with the party, and the children will be given gifts of clothing, candy and toys. The children who will attend were selected from a list of unfortunate families sent to the Student Union, s.w.b. Covert Will Show Slides To Outing Club Tuesday University Outing Club will hold its regular meeting next Tuesday at 7:30 p. m. in Room 236 of the Union. J. L. Covert, president of the club, will present Kodachrome slides and movies which he took last summer while tourin.g western United States. Pictures of the Rocky Mountains and Yellowstone National Park will be included. After the pictui'cs are shown, a discussion of second semester outings will be held, b.f.d. ■
Reamer Club: Regular meeting Monday, Dec. 16, in room 804 of the Union' at 7:30. Plaques will be distributed. —RUPFNER Freshmen Campers; Anyone who has not made his reservation for Sunday's get-to.-gether by. returning the postal card, may do BO by calling Prof. Q. H. Graves, 31642, Willis Schalliol, 56062, or George Singer, 8421. —SINGER Coed Business Staff: M®®6ng will be held Monday, Dec. 15 at 4 p. m. in office. Party will be discussed, ,
—SIESS.
Scriveners: Meeting Sunday night, Dec.
14, in room 263 of the Unioh.
—EIEGLE
1; Military Juniors: Juniors who recently
Science Seniors: Graduating in January enrolled in military training will report to are asked to call at Dean Enders office, the Supply Room, Monday, Dec. 15, and get
. . . tea dance sponsored by the Student 'Union, will be held Tuesday at 4 p. m. in both ballrooms of the Union. Music will be from re-
cordings.
Notices
Coulter Hall at their earliest convenience.
—ENDERS.
Purdue Gymnastic Club: Members, are asked tb pay their dues for Nov. and Dec.
their (inilorms. Associated Military Stores representative will be here on that day only.
—LT. BROWN
Mathematics 106: Quiz on Wednesday,
All Basketball Ushers and Police! All workers must. roiJdrt to Plelahousfe ahd have their attendance checked before 6:16 p. m. Wednesday, December JTthv in order to receive credit for working at the UCLA game. . r-RANEY. All Advance Course RQTC Students: Report to main office, Purdue Amiory, Monday, Tuesday of Wednesday to sign payroll and other required papers. —GRAHAM Engineering Students: ASME will present third of weekly meetings Tuesday, December 16, at 7:30 p. m. in South Ballroom of Union. The subject will be radio controlled models, and will feature a demonstration of actual models. Since the opportunity to see actual model airplanes controlled by radio is rare, it is important for all students to attend. Upperclassmen are especially invited to attend. —TOPINKA.
at the office of Dr. Eastwood, Room 110 at d^c. 17, will be held in Rohm 313 of the the Fieldhouse. —Pnvwn „ I
-POZER Recitation building.
—AYRES
Registration Workers: Students who wish Christian Science Organization: Regular to work for the Registrar during the second meeting 7:30 p. m. Tuesday, Dec. 16, in semester registration, January 27 and 28, Room 303 of the-Union. 1942, are requested to make application be- —LOCKWOOD feroe Christmas on blanks to be obtained _—.— at the Registrar’s office. Those with pre- Theta Alpha Phi: Initiation will be held vious experience at registration or in other m the old reception room of the Union Sunclerical jobs are given preference. ,|„v, Dec. 14. at 9 p. m. —R. B. STONE ■ - MILLER.
Radio Club: Meeting will be held Tuesday, December 16, at 7:30 in room 6 of
E. E. building. —Miles. .
Pi Tau Sigma: New initiates may obtain certificates at ME office on second floor. ■ ' —SHANE Undergraduate Dames Club: Will hold a dinner dance at the W. Lafayette Country Club, Tuesday, Dec. 16, at 6:30. Call Mrs. Jack Burke before Sunday for reservations.
—VOLLMEK
Varsity Pistol Team: Important meeting Monday, Dec. 15, at 4 p. m. on pistol range in Armory. Selection of keys will be made.
—GRAEBNER
POMM: Meet Monday, Dec. 15, at 4 p. m. in room 106 of Armory. Prof. Poorman will speak on big giins. AIL members be there. —BUSHNELL Rogers Williams Club: Christmas party for underprivileged children, Tuesday, Dec. 16, at 6 :30 p. m. at West Lafayette Baptist Church. Admission 10c,
—ARTMAN
Virginia C. Meredith Club Members: Meeting in auditorium of HE Building on Monday evening, Dec. 16, at 7:46 p. m. Siieaker, program, and refreshments. Bring contributions of canned food, clothing, or toys for needy families. ' —BLANK POMM: Time for Debris pictures has been changed. Watch this column for new time. —BUSHNELL Electrical Engineering Seniors: Important you confer with me before holidays r’cgarding second semester electives and re(luirements for graduation. D. D. EWING
"GZ '
Purdue Christian Foundation: Welcomes everyone to the Christmas party held Sunday evening at the church. Those attending will form at 131 South Grant before 5:15 When all will leave for the church. The evening will include the l9c supper, singing, games, caroling, and refreshments after caroling. —WAMPLER
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Adding Machines, all makes sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, 606 Mais, Lafayette. Phone 2779. Any person having knowledge of the whereabouts of a Zouave rifle Contact Don Horth, Acacia Fraternity,
Dine Tonight NU CHINA GRILL CHOW MEIN — CHOP SUEY 409 Columbia St.
EDGERTON HDWE , INC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES ’ FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
TEAR UP That Christmas Listl Let us solve the whole problem for you with photographs, so easy, so economical — and yet so distinctive.
SCOBEE’S
105 Norlhweslem
Phone 2343
DANCE RECITAL MON., DEC. 15, 8:00 P. M. PUBLIC INVITED—ADM. FREE CHILDREN'S CLASSES OPEN, SAT., JAN 3RD Private Lessons by Appointment During Holidays. Phone 2150
ALLEN’S
PHYLLIS WILCOX INDIANA UNIVERSITY ’44 returns tonight as a ^1/000 winner IN THE HOUR OF CHAI AUDITIONS FOR UNIVERSITY WOMEN Listen tonight as she makes her return appearance in competition for the title of*the “CO-ED CHARM SINGER,” and for the coveted fellowship. Your comments may help her attain these goals. Your support may bring the f 4^000 fellowship to Indiana TUNE IN WIRE-WMAQ 9;00 P. M.
PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY OF INDIANA, INC.
DEAC’S Last Chance to Get Your Russell Wright SPUN ALUMINUM at Your “Home Owned” GIFT STORE H. G REISNER BOOK STORE
It’s Like Money In the Bank!
UY YOUR DEBRIS NOW!!
$4.50 Till Wed.-Then Up They Go to $5.00
1942 DEBRIS
Lnt Christmas Expross Your Faith in Free America Exchange GiftsDo Mot Forqef Anyone This year more than ever before . . . let’s celebrate Christmas in such a way becoming to a nation who’s heart and soul goes out to those who cannot celebrate this holiday . . . give to your loved ones and friends with the same spirit that has molded America into the, free democracy it represents. Christmas is the ultimate expression of faith in a higher being and its meaning this year will bolster the morale of every citizen . , . every family . . . every child as well as every adult. The exchange of gifts is a heritage brought down to us by our ancestors . . . many of whom faced graver dangers and overcame them as we are doing today.f Faith in this holiday will make our nation the strongest democracy on earth with the hope that ' PEACE ON EARTH AND GOOD WILL AMONG NATIONS” will soon be with us again!
ctem^
♦ I
* I
4 I