>-
Northwestern 13 Michigan 27 Iowa 20 Notre Dame 7 Cornell 23 Fordham 27 Southern Calffomia 20 Navy 7 Alabama 7 Illinois 0 Yale 7 Wisconsin 13 Carnegie Tech 6 Ohio State 14 Pittsburgh 13 California 0 Clemson 15 Hississippi Slate 0
Purdue
z-iss
Volume 51, No. 43
Exponent
Sunday, October 29, 1939
Santa Clara Trips Boilermakers, 13-6
Dr. Sockman Will Speak
Before Religious Convo Third Convo Of Year Starts At 70:30 This Morning In Eliza Fowler Hall Church-going Boilermakers will have an opportunity to hear Dr. Ralph W. Sockman of New York City, pastor of the Christ Church and world-famous author, traveler, and lecturer, address the first monthly religious convocation and third regular convocation of the year this morning at 10:30 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall. Dr. Sockman’s theme will be “God and the American Way.” Um- ^ddtGSSQf versity Choir composed of 180 voices and the Echo Choir consisting of 30 voices, both directed by A. P. Stewart, will sing two anthems during the program: “Seek Ye the Lord” and “Send Forth Thy
Spirit.”
Radio Speaker Dr. Sockman has become a populai radio speaker through his conduction of the National Sunday Forum in May, June, and July during the past several years over the NBC network. His succession of the late Dr S. Parks Cadman on the Radio Pulpit, and his alternate (with Dr. Fosdick) Sunday evening 9 o’clock talks. This afternoon Dr. Sockman will leave the campus for Chicago where he wil speak tonight at the Chicago Evening Club. Yesterday he lectuied before the Central Ohio Teachers’ convention at Dayton, 0. Monday he will go to Kingston, Ontaiio, Canada, to give the chancellor’s lecture at Queen’s College. According to Dr. Laurence Hadley, chairman of the committee on aiiangements for University religioush convocations, the University convocations for worship are unique in that few other state universities offer religious convocations for students. University religious convocations began in September, 1934, and since that time capacity crowds Lave packed Fowlei Hall for their
2)«. '>V't ^OCKMfiN
BIG TEN STANDINGS W. L.T. Pet. Pts. 0pp.
Michigan 2 0 0 1.000 112 7 Ohio State 2 0 0 1.000 36 20 Indiana - 2 1 0 .667 50 38 Northwestern 2 1 0 .667 26 20 Iowa 2 1 0 .667 59 69 Purdue 0 0 1 .000 13 13 Minnesota 0 1 1 .000 33 36 Chicago 0 1 0 .000 0 85 Illinois 0 2 0 .000 6 20 Wisconsin 0 3 0 .000 20 47
Military Ball Ducats. Placed On Sale Next Tuesday In Armory Tickets for the Military Ball will go on sale in the Armory at 12:30 Tuesday. Announcement of the band which has been signed to play for the opening of the formal sea&o;n will be made the same morning. In accordance with the military department’s policy of making the ball strictly a military affair, the advanced ROTC course students will be given preference in securing tickets, according to Andy Perrin, chairman of the committee in charge of ticket sales. Juniors and seniors in the advanced corps and the band may buy their tickets Tuesday. Reserve officers will also have this privilege. Wednesday’s sales will be restricted to basic military students. Seniors not taking military may purchase tickets Thursday, and Friday the sales will be opened to the entire student body. Price of the tickets has been reduced for this year’s ball to $2.50. Students taking the advanced course will be permitted to sign the pay roll instead of paying cash. Each day’s sales will be limited fiom 12-30 to 5 o’clock. Passports will be requued when purchasing tickets and also at the ball. Tickets will not be transfexable. Robertson Completes 25 Years In Ag School Dr. Lynn S. Robertson, assistant chief of the farm management department, was presented with a desk set by his colleagues Friday night as the climax to a banquet attended "by 60 farm management staff membeis, secretaries, wives, and former staff members at the Lincoln Lodge in celebration of the completion of his 25 years’ service to the University and Hoosier farmers through farm management extension and research work. Prof. 0. G. Lloyd, chief of the farm management department, made the pre-
sentation.
Gold And Black Eleven Scores On Weekly Byelene-Rankin Diet But Falters In Last Half
Mr. Xenophen O'Toole's Grim Determination Rewarded By Parlance With Miss Ina Ray Hutton
By Gott Xenophen O’Toole, the perennial colleague of the Purdue Foreverers and Union hangerarounder, was dozing in an upright position near the Union door with one eye focused on the blonde at the east desk when it happened. And just at dinner time, too, it was that Miss Ina Ray Hutton sidled in to i-egister at the Union Club yesterday. Now Xenophen is a gent that takes good care of his stomach, but there are instincts stronger than hunger. Xenophen suppresses them. “Whee,” says Xeny to himself like, “it ain’t fair to take a sensitive guy like me by surprise like that. And me always having a peculiar prejudice, too, for cute little blonde jobs with plenty of personality and other things like Miss Hutton’s got.” Miss Hutton disappears into the residence wing pretty quick though before Xeny can recover much. For the next two hours Xenophen just sort of hovers between the Exponent office and the Browsing loom, the door sill being as far as Xeny cared to penetrate into the latter. Ina, being kind of reticent about appearing again, Xeny begins to wonder if he shouldn’t sort of bust right into the residence wing and talk to her personally, he being an awful curious guy besides his weakness for blondes who have got
peisonality and other things. He suppresses that, too, when suddenly Miss Hutton reappears on the scene from the residence wing decked out in a very slinky metalic gold affair tailored along lines that make Xeny’s imagination run riot. Xeny suppresses that, too. Miss Hutton right away makes a bee line for the grill for which place Xeny also makes the same sort of bee line. She no sooner finds a corner secluded from gapers than Xeny can restrain himself no longer and bounds right up to her table and introduces himself, polite like of course. What floors Xenophen, though, a real modest gent underneath, is that Miss Hutton turns on one of her best de-icers and asks him to sit down. Just to get the conversation rolling, Xenophen being loyal to the school which has nurtured him for the last seven years, straightaway asks her what she thinks of Purdue. When a negative look crosses Miss Hutton’s fair pan, Xenophen thinks he had better get to Miss Hutton herself, maybe. At which point he bluntly tells her to talk about Miss Hutton, that he is eontent just to look on and be silent at such close range. This line pf Xeny’s attack perplexes Ina no end and she lets Xenophen know gentle like thht she IS quite a subject to pull apart like
that and just what in particular would he like to know. “Aw, Miz Hutton, I’m interested m all of you,” says Xeny supprizingly bashful, “what I sort of mean IS that just everything about you interests me,” he continues still hanging his head but at the same time focusing one wide vision eye on his subject. “Well,” says Miss Hutton, who IS still perfectly cool and completely collected, “I changed to an all male orchestra because they are better musicians and better business fnen than women; they don’t mind making crazy stops and are not always thinking of hooking a marriage partner and then quitting the band.” Which sets Xeny’s busy brain thinking out loud right away what was such a peach like her doing running around loose without any affiliations with the opposite sex? Miss Hutton parries that brainchild very neatly by stating that she IS too busy to bother with such minor details. At which point Miss Hutton excuses herself very becomingly by saying that it is a honor indeed to appear at Xenophen’s fostering mother. Which leaves Mr. Xenophen O’Toole thinking that tonight he hasn’t done so bad in the honors department himself, maybe.
Alumni Will Return To Campus Friday For Homecoming Boilermaker alumni and friends who descend upon the campus next Friday and Saturday will find a gala program of homecoming festivities to keep them busy. Aside from the home stand of the Riveter gridders against the University of Iowa Hawkeyes, the homecoming committee l\^s planned a Tull itinerary of class reunions, banquets, dances, sports events, and dinners to entertain the returning alumni. Members of the 1914 and 1929 football squads will be honored at the big homecoming banquet Friday evening in the ballroom of the Union. Silver football trophies will be presented to the senior 1914 gridders who are celebrating their 25th anniversary this year. Senior members of the squad who are expected to attend the banquet are H. S. “Iiish” O’Brien of Detroit, Mich ; Clarence “Cec” Cecil of Muncie; H. B. “Soc” Routh of Cache, Okla.; C. M. “Jerry” East of New Albany; A. S. “Rake” Rakestraw of Evanston, 111.; and R. R. “Buzz” Bozell of Pleasant Ridge, Mich 1929 Big Ten Champs Several senior members of the undefeated, untied 1929 Big Ten championship team aie also expected to be present at the banquet. E. N. “Red” Sleight of Chicago, 111.; W. F. Caraway of Amherst, Mass., coach at Massachusetts State College; Glen W. ,Harmeson, Bethlehem, Pa., athletic director at Lehigh University; H. L. Huntsinger, Cincinnati, 0.; William Mackle, Towson, Md.; and W. C. Woerner, Evanston, 111., are all planning to join in the festivities. With Myron Bone of Fort Wayne, a 1915 graduate, as toastmaster, the banquet program will include short talks by President Edward C. Elliott, President of Board of Trustees David Ross, Head Football Coach Mai Elward, Irene Rich, movie actress, and her daughter, Francis Rich, who designed the figures recently carved on the limestone blocks over the front entrance of the Union building. These newly carved stones will be unveiled immediately following the banquet program. Riveters Meet Iowa Headline event of the two-day homecoming celebration will be the Big Ten football game Saturday with the Boilermakers battling the Iowa Hawkeyes in Ross-Ade Stadium. According to Eth Baugh, executive secretary of the Purdue Alumni Association, the various classes will hold reunions on the gridiron following the game. Among the many other events scheduled aie a swimming meet between the freshman and varsity teams, archery, student and alumni pep session, mixed recreation in the women’s gymnaspm, and a dance in the Memorial Union building to the music of Will Oshorne and his orchestra. These events will all take place Friday afternoon and evening. Then on Saturday morning there will be a hockey game, a game between two picked freshman football teams, and class, fraternity and sorority luncheons. Saturday afternoon, in addition to the Purdue-Iowa game and the class reunions, there will be a smoker and dance at 5 o’clock in the Union building, fraternity and sorority dinners, and the regular alumni dance that evening in the Union ballroom.
Mike Byelene
By Bruce Witwer • San Francisco, Oct. 28 (Special)—Battling stubbornly in a determined attempt to halt Santa Clara’s rampaging Broncos, the valiant Boilermaker grid team went down in defeat today, 13-6, in a closely-fought battle in Kezar Stadium. A frenzied crowd of 20,000 fans cheered the Broncos as they overcame an early Riveter lead to deadlock the count, then cashed in on a break to chalk up their second consecutive victory. The game was ranked as one of the outstanding intersectional clashes of
the day.
Stepping off to an early lead, the Boilermakers staged a successful march at the beginning of the second quarter. With the pigskin resting on the 30-yard line, Mike Byelene and Dave Rankin cashed in on their special pass-tossing act. Mike dropped back and heaved a long spiral to Dave who eluded Bronco defenders and grabbed it on the three-yard line, then crossed the goal line standing up. Broncos Retaliate The Santa Clara aerial specialists retaliated with but seconds remaining m the first half. Jim Johnson, the Bronco’s triple threat back, tossed one to Thom, rangy end, and he was dropped on the four-yard line by Augie Morningstar. Peterson then raced across the goal line aftei taking the ball on a reverse from Johnson. Then on the first play of the final period came the game-deciding break, and with both offenses effectively bottled up it was becoming increasingly evident that only a break would keep the game from ending in a 6-6 tie. Jack Broiyn stepped back on his own 36 to kick, but Stubler, scrappy Bronco tackle, knifed through the Boilermaker line and threw himself in front of the ball. The pigskin rebounded from his chest and bounced back to the Riveter 12-yard line where a speedy Bronco lineman fell on it. Roche took the ball on three power plays and on the third he crossed the line for the second Bronco
touchdown.
Rankin Stars Dave Rankin, Boilermaker nominee for All-American rating, again displayed his usual brilliant performance at end. Slashing through the Bronco line to drop the ball carrier before he could get underway, clearing the path around end for the speedy Riveter backs, blocking a Santa Clara field goal attempt, snagging Mike Byelene’s long aerial for the only Boilermaker score, and taking the ball 31 yards on an end around, Dave gave West Coast grid experts a fine exhibition of his many capabilities. Jim Miller, Riveter guard, who played his first Boilermaker game at Minnesota two weeks ago, turned in his finest performance to date. Jim was continually breaking up the Santa Clara power drives aimed at the center of the line, and he broke through the Bronco defense to block Johnson’s kick after the first Santa Clara touchdown. Augie Morningstar, backing up the line to stop Bronco line plunges; Mike Byelene, passing to Rankin for^ the Boilermaker touchdown; Lou Brock, matching Santa Clara’s kickers in a pilnting duel; and Leon DeWitte, stopping Bronco runners who had cleared the Boilermaker line, were all standouts in the heartbreaking defeat. Johnson Sparks Broncos For the Broncos Jim Johnson, fleet halfback, starred with his stellar exhibition of running, passing, and kicking. His 33-yard toss to Thom set up the first Santa Clara score and his long distance punts continually set the Boilermakers back on their heels, Stubler played a fine game at tackle, tackling Riv(Continued on page 4)
. . . Boilermaker aerial specialist who added to his growing list of touchdown tosses in yesterday’s defeat by Santa Clara when he threw the pigskin 27 yards into the wait-
ing arms of
Dave Rankin
. . . who gave West Coast fans and experts a fine exhibition of stellar end play and showed them why Boilermaker fans are already giving him All-American rating.
The
Scorecard Purdue 6, Santa Clara 13 Iowa 20, Wisconsin 13 i Illinois 7, Northwestern 13 Cornell 23, Ohio State 14 Yale 7, Michigan 27 Notre Dame 7, Carnegie Tech 6 Mississippi State 0, Alabama 7 Auburn 6, Georgia Tech 7 Louisiana State 6, Vanderbilt 7 Mississippi 6, Tulane 18 Rice 12, Texas 26 Baylor 0, Texas A & M 20 Pittsburgh 13, Fordham 27 Dartmouth 16, Harvard 0 Georgia 13, New York U. 14 Clemson 15, Navy 7 So. California 20, California 0 Washington St. 0, Oregon St. 13 Oregon 6, UCLA 16 Stanford 5, Washington 84?Y Ifi'
1-
I
f'
■ ' t
i,. ' ■
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday# October 29# 1939
Bui
Incidentally
By Vladimir There’s one love-seat around this University that we just couldn’t get ourselves to sit in with the girl friend (We DO have a girl fi’iend). It’s that seat next to the main Union door, on the left as you enter. No, there’s nothing wi'ong with the piece of furniture, and the view from there is grand . . . you can see nearly every sofa in the lobby. It’s that statue of Colonel Richard Owen that bothers us. He just stands there, arms folded, and watches with narrowed eyes the things that take place in that loveseat.
Just once we sat on that couch. Just once! And it wasn’t long before we happened to glance up at hitn. That frigid glare sent chills down our back, and slowly but surely we rose and stepped out of his field of vision.
At timeg^we think we see what might be a twinkle in the old boy’s eye. Maybe after so many years of watching that love-seat, he kinda likes to look on. But he’d never admit it. No siree! He’s tolerant in a military sort of way. Hard.
Perhaps, Mr. Vallely, you could move Colonel Owen
into the ballroom for the Military Ball this year and let him really enjoy himself.
Or, better yet, give him a flashlight and take him out to the airport.
We bet that would shake the Colonel’s composure. ^
But when all is said and done, we think we will make friends with Colonel Owen. Then if we just HAVE to sit in that love-seat with our girl friend, we can appeal to the old “armv man” in him . . .
For a wink.
Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 80, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Editorial Board R. E. Insley EdItor-in-Chief W. E. Smith Business Manager D. G. Terrio Editorial Director G. W. Frederick Managing Editor'' E. M. Antonlnl Senior Advertising Manager G. Schilling Oo-ed Editor R. Jenkins r Sports Editor Junior Staff Sports Editorial Business J. P. Dolan R. F. DeHoog R. Fisher S. D. Marquis R. W. Donahue R. Hall M. AL Richards D. K. Heiple A. Hite ^ Co-ed J. H. McKee M. Hagemeyer M. Bnrtsiield M. L. Miers T. Petty G. Carroll J. C. Willsey G. Cox, Sec. B. Simpson D. J. Henninger, Art Director Sophomore Sports Staff J. F. Adamson E. M. Katzenberg E. B. Bryan Phil Johnson ,
Editorial 4005
PHONES Sports 2792
Business 5038
RKenasaNTSD roR nationai. advzrtisino av
National Adv^sii^ Smice, Inc. CoUege Publubers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York. N. Y. CHicAoo ’ BOSTON • Lot Ahselss ■ San Francisco
This newspaper is written, edited and published by undergraduate sUidents of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint.
All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director.
Night Edito:
-Marquis Issue Editor—Dolan Sunday, October 29, 1939
WSGA To Sponsor Training Program
Beginning November 1 and 2 and for the next two months for twice a week WSGA will give second-year girls an opportunity to find some interesting activity and also to inform them of general organizations and the activities and work of WSGA. Heads of the WSGA committees will explain various points in a series of lectures. The purpose of this series of speakers is to instruct the co-eds so that they may work on some of the various committees, while attending the training school. First two speakers of this annual training school will be Doris Gamble, chairman of the office committee, and Bonita House, activities • committee head. Meetings will be held twice a week in room F in the Union building at 4 p. m. According to Ann Sickman, president of WSGA, sophomores will be chosen on the basis of scholastic index, which will be divided into two groups.
Air Corps Officers Will Examine Candidafes For Flying Cadef Appointments
£ihM£dii&~
By Hank Miller
of each one. An investigation revealed that the needle had become stuck and that the record had been playing the words “Jesus Christ” over and over for eight minutes.
It’s Sunday once again and that brings to the foreground the man who created the biggest sensation in the radio in- '' dustry last year, j Orson Welles. Or- ' son presented his ' own radio adapi tation of H. G. i Wells’ book “Men From Mars.” The
program was so effective that people from coast to coast were terrified as they thought that the Martians had actually attacked
Earth. Wells is now directing and taking the lead in a dramatic presentation every Sunday evening at 9. For tonight we recommend the Campbell Playhouse broadcast on
WBBM.
Orson Welles
Here is another one of those boners that has been pulled on the air: This story concerns a Cleveland station as we heard it. This station broadcast a recorded religious program as its first program of the day. As the story goes, the annoimcer would go into the studio, give the opening announcement, start the 15-minute transcription, and then run downstairs to a restaurant for a cup of coffee, returning to find all of the phones ringing and irate listeners at the other end
Tonight the Fitch Bandwagon brings to its stage the music of Hal Kemp and his orchestra. The program airs through WMAQ at 6:30. Henry M. Neely is the emcee. —e-e— Yesterday afternoon while waiting for the telegraphic reports of the Purdue-Santa Clara football game to come through, WBAA aired an hour program of popular music and pointless conversation. This type of program has been presented over many stations over the country and has met with some success. As to the organization of such a program, no definite plans are made in advance but a group of musicians is gathered in the studio. No script is written and the musical numbers are not planned. The result is a show where nobody is tense and everybody is ready to have a good time. Judging from the program yesterday, everybody did have a good time and some mighty nice music was turned out. The question is this: Does the listening audience like to listen to such a show. Does this audience like a show where everything is planned and everybody is tense or a show where nobody knows what is going to happen. Naturally, neither type of show would be good for a steady diet, but probably a happy medium between the two with a few shows exemplyfing the extremes.
HALLOWE’EN It should be understood that any Hallowe’en rioting on the part of students will not be condoned by the University. Notice is now given that any student of the University guilty of participation in any rush rioting or any damage to property will not be considered as eligible to remain in the University. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, President
Prof. 0. F. Hall
. . . qf the history, economics, and government department, has returned from New York City, where he attended a meeting of summer session directors as representative of Dr. F. B. Knight, director of Purdue summer sessions.
Sometime this fall, the University will be visited by a board of air corps officers, who will examine candidates for appointments as flying cadets in the Army Air Corps. The board is composed of two air corps officers and a flight surgeon who will conduct the necessary physical examinations of candidates. Board will canvass only students due for graduation in February or June of 1940, or persons who are already university graduates. Candidates must be unmarried, male citizens of the United States between 20 and 26 years of age. The physical examination is a rigid one, and includes an eye test which requires a 20/20 vision in each eye, without glasses. The minimum height is 64 inches, the maximum, 74 inches. Flying cadets are given a nine months’ course of training, during which they are paid, fed ai^ clothed. The graduate flying cadet has the opportunity to compete for a commission in the air corps of the regular army. Two weeks before the air corps board comes to Purdue, an advance officer will be sent out to organize the examinations and arrange for publicity. This date has not been set as yet.
THE JUMBO OF MUSIC-FUN SHOWS! HUNMEHS IN THE GLORIOUS CAST!
"“a
c\ieete^-??V s til®
hi music
LIMA
SUNDAY - MONDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
A MimtYOinimRSPEtTMLB tyniEliMiagSef-^SBSSE fAMMS" FAOMnm
MARSHAL
THE SAGA OF TOMBSTONE# ARIZONA! MANDOLPH NANCY SCOTT KELLY CfSAR ROMERO BINNIE BARNES JOHNCARRADINE
SMASmnO FISTS!
SMASHING ACTION!
SMASHING mnius!
RONALD REAGAN ARGOT STEVENSON EDDIE
if
MICKEY
SWINGS EM! JUDY SINGS EMI
' (By Nadio Heib Biovm, Aithurl^eed, Harold Arlen and £. Y. Harbnrg, Richard Rogers and Lorenz Hart) 'T Cried For You" • "Where Or When" .' "Good
Mon^g" • "Babes ,^r^Meoo*
In Anne" » "God’a
ih
Conntry*'
Starts TODAY
An Article
... in the current issue of Electrical Engineering by W. T. Stewart describes the way in which the Electrical Engineering school at Purdue is trying to meet the demands of the times by training men for the electrical contracting business.
Contribs were very few and far between today, so I’ll make an attempt to produce something of interest to all of you. —BB —
Ed Franklin, senior mechanical, has developed a great interest in a girl called “Madge.” There are about 15 “Madges” on the campus, and I’ll leave it up to you to guess the correct one—I don’t know. —BB —
I’d certainly like to get my hands on the guy that sent this in., When contribs are sent in please, please, please, put in the full name. —BB —
It’s like a new game called “Guess Who?” Here’s another one: Ha! A romance between V.G.R. and V.E. of WRH.—N. —Scoop —BB — Dear Scoop: I will gladly lend you the ribbon of my typewriter if you are running out of ink. —B & B Editor
ARC
TODAY - MONDAY
Love story of world’s foremost dancers!
— WITH — HARRY CAREY LITTLE TOUGH GUYS
MARS
NOW PLAYING
It's the Gal-Glorious . . . LaffLoaded . Star-Spangled Musical Show of Shows!
v/zm
WARNEk BROS.'
with AUNHALE'FRMIKMcHUeH JAMES 6LEAS0N
PLUS GANG COMEDY
NOW SHOWING 2 FIRST RUN HITS!
THE GREAT AMERICAN SCREEN SPECTACLE!
The Glorious Spirit of the Liberty Loving Pioneers of Old Texas Lives Again in the Glowing Drama of the Screens First Life Story of SAM HOUSTON!
RICHARD DIX GAIL PATRICK— JOAN FONTAINE EDWARD ELLIS —VICTOR jORY IN MAN OF CONQUEST
PLUS
ROLLICKING ROMANCE! MATCHLESS MUSIC! Phil Sings His Way Through the Gayest Romantic Comedy of the YearSunday, October 29, 1939
£xpDmnJL SfiaijU. fiaqsi
Cornell Defeats Bucks Before 50,000 Fans At Columbus, 0., 23-14 Cornell, given an almost even chance to defeat the Bucks of Ohio State, took more than that chance and knocked Ohio State from the ranks of the nation’s undefeated elevens by a 23-14 score. Ohio led at the close of the first half, 14-13. Approximately 50,000 fans witnessed the battle at Columbus, 0. The Buckeyes struck first when, with 23 seconds left to play in the first frame, _ they scored from the two-yard line on a line plunge by Jim Strausbaugh that culminated an 86-yard march by the Schmidt coached eleven. In the second quarter Ohio State scored on an accidental play. With the ball on the Cornell four-yard line, Scott, Ohio State quarterback, attempting to pass, drifted back to the Cornell 18 and apparently trapped by a host of invading linemen, Scott decided to run and completed ^the distance for six more points. Then it was Cornell’s turn. On the first play after the Buck kickoff, Scholl, Cornell halfback, dashed 79 yards around his left end for the first Cornell count. After cavorting around for a while, Scholl again entered the picture, this time passing to a sub halfback, Bohrman, for 22 yards and a touchdown. In the third quarter, Cornell took the lead it never relinquished, as McCollough scored from the Buckeye two-yard line. With the ball on the Ohio State 12-yard line, a Cornell tackle, Drahos, place-kicked the fourth quarter points.
l/pset By Broncos
Rankin
Michigan Sends Eli Home Beaten, 27-7
Tom Harmon and Company, Michigan, took the starch out of Yale yesterday afternoon in Ann Arbor, Mich., by walloping the Eli of old Yale, 27-7. Harmon totaled 21 points for the winners. Harmon scored the first six points in the first quarter on a reverse from the Eli 17-yard line; he kicked the extra point. In the second quarter, Harmon took a tour of the Yale ends to place the ball in position for Kromer to score from the Yale fouryard line; Harmon added the point. A few plays later, Harmon took a swan dive from the visitors’ twoyard line for six more points and again added the point. Harmon terminated the scoring for Michigan with a 58-yard gallop in the third quarter, but he missed his kick. In the closing minutes of the final frame, the losers scored on a pass from the Michigan three-yard line.
Brock
Hennis
DeWitte
Brown
ALTER'S CAFE — Formerly Hutton's OPPOSITE THE FOWLER Try Our Three Course Steak Dinner Broiled Tenderloin Steak Dinner Complete 65c
Meeting Old Friends Parents or New Aequaintances is made «asy in the UNION. Comfortable and Pleasant LOUNGES Help to Entertain and make Happy and Satisfying REUNIONS and NEW CONTACTS Ohs, fiwtdm, WsnuhiaL Union. The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Irate Wabash Fans Affix 'Boilermaker' Tag To Purdue Team Of 50 Years Ago
’ By John Adamson " ~ Fifty years ago, in the fall of 1889, a football team bearing the Old Gold and Black of Purdue University traveled down to Crawfordsville, Indiana, to meet the Little Giants of Wabash in the then comparatively new game of football. Leaving the field after thoroughly whipping their opponents, 50-0, the lads from Lafayette were told by the angry Wabash rooters that they were nothing but a bunch of “Boilermakers.” Thus was born a name that was destined to become the proud nickname of Purdue Uni-
versity.
Wabash rooters were not far wrong when they called the Gold and Black forces Boilermakers. For on the Purdue team were eight workmen from the Monon shops, and three Lafayette policemen. All 11 had been drafted out, of their professional ranks and enrolled in the University with the staggering task of attending one course during the fall months. Started By Smart It all started when ex-President
Smart decided way back in 1887, that Purdue should have a football team; Consequently the next year two Princeton graduates, well known for their football fame, were brought here to West Lafayette to start building up a football squad. After losing every one of their game^in ’88 and appalled by the smallness of the Purdtie men, the two coaches, Snake Ames and P. A. Donaldson, decided that something
must be done.
When the next fall rolled around, the Purdue squad presented an entirely different picture. For attired in the gold and black uniforms, colors which Ames and Donaldson had brought with them from Princeton, were eight brawny and burly Riveters from the local Monon shops, and three-flatfoots from the local force; truly a bunch of Boilermakers. Famous throughout the nation, the word Boilermakers is a fitting tribute to the men who started the University of Purdue on the road to the athletic supremacy which it
now knows.
35 Weight Lifters Attend First Meeting Over 35 brawny individuals were present at the initial meeting of the newly organized Purdue Weight Lifting Club last Tuesday night. The club is the newest organization on the campub and one of the most exclusive, as weight lifting is an attribute for which only a limited few are gifted. A discussion of the future policy of the club was the main feature of the evening, along with the election of officers. Raymond Kasznia was chosen as the first president of the organization, with Elliot Margolis as vice-president; Frank Suto, secretary; and James Hutchinson,
treasurer.
Following the election of officers the members participated in an open discussion of the plans for the coming year. It was agreed to limit the membership of the club to 50 members. , "Several meets with similar organizations from Indiana and other schools have been planned for the coming season. Floyd J. Hemmer . . . Ag ’23, superintendent of the State Penal Farm at Putnamville, has been declared the winner in the 20th anniversary contest of the American Farm Bureau, and will collect $150 in cash as a prize. Hemmer’s article is to be published in the December issue of The Nation’s Agriculture, official organ of the American Farnf Bureau.
"As others see you’^ On the campus—in the class room—in college haunts—at the dances—see yourself "as others see you". A complete picture depicting college life and all its phases— • by CANDID camera shots. Debris prices will change from $4.00 to $4.50 on November 10.
mo
(OehMA. ‘QompisdiL. OampuA, (^ovahaqtL
mo
Riveter Haniwood Sguad Already In Action; Sophs Shine By Edgar Katzenberg With Boilermaker attention still riveted to the gridiron, indications of the notorious Hoosier basketball fever are already evident. Practicing has already started, with veterans Yeager, Beretta, Herschelman, Weber, Swarts, Fisher, and Igney back and ready to play championship ball for the Gold and Black during this winter’s contests. If last year’s freshman squad is an indication of this year’s sophs, the veterans will have to play stellar ball to stay up on top. Mickey Tierney, graduate of St. George’s in Chicago, where he played under his father who is basketball coach, is probably one of the finest out-of-state prospects the squad has seen in several seasons. Don Blanken, forward from Dundee; Neutzel, Sprowl, and Caress are a few more good soph prospects who should see some action during the coming bat-
tles.
Frosh The freshman squad, even at this early date, has shown up some boys who should carry on the Riveter championship tradition without a great deal of trouble. Fields, member of the squad which played Frankfort in the, all-star game last year, and Johnson, who played center on the Frankfort side in that same game, are both out for top honors on the green potter’s squad. Pyle and Brower, -both former guards on Frankfort’s championship five of last year; Krampe, run-ner-up for the position of all-state center last year; Seaborg, former South Bend star; and Sumner, southpaw, who is said to have an eye approaching that of Young’s, round out the leaders of one of the finest frosh squads in years. Old Oaken Bucket Will Return Home Next week the Old Oaken Bucket, traditional trophy that is awarded each year to the winner of the Purdue^Indiana grid battle, is to return to the Boilermaker campus. All summer the trophy was at the New York fair where it was on display in the Indiana exhibit. The bucket will repose in one of the trophy cases in the lobby of the Fieldhouse for the next several weeks, and if the Riveter gridders are successful in the battle at Bloomington on November 25, Purdue will have it in its custody for another year. Each year the initial of the victorious school is added to a chain made on the bucket. Nine P's, three I’s, and two IP’s make up the chain that now hangs from the handle.-. I-M Schedules TOUCHBALLr-TOMOBROW Field Official 1— ^Alpha Sigrma Phi vs. Phi Gamma Delta „ „ Papurca 2— Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Alpha Gamma Rho Brindose 3— Beta Theta Pi vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon
Luce
4— Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Alpha Tau Omega JuUlard 5— Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Sigma Pi Kutz 6— Delta Tau Delta vs. Phi Kappa Sigma „ Leppla 7— Delta Chi vs. Kappa Delta Rho McGrath 8— Phi Kappa Tau vs. Phi Delta Theta „ . Close 9— Acacia vs. Kappa Sigma Van Hook 10— Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon Adams 11— Sigma Nu vs. Delta Upsilon Greey
These Days Are Gone Forever Time has changed many things, hut the same old Purdue spirit as well as the original Peter Anderson service is just as dependable as it ever was.
Peter Anderson Garage
525 Alabama 24 Hour Service
Phone 4048 After You We Come First'
„■{ , yii'' •r;t ■."
THE PORDUE EXPONENT
SundcoT' October 29< 1939
Broncos Defeat Boilermakers, 13-6 (Continued fi-om page 1) etei: backs hard to break up Boilermaker ground-gaining plays. Roche, the Broncos’ hard-driving fullback, slashed through the Riveter line time after time for muchneeded yardage. Stanfil completely overshadowed the much-publicized Schiechl at center, backing up the Santa Clara line and gumming up the tricky Boilermaker offense. Throughout the first quarter the two evenly matched teams fought to break into the scoring column. Each team displayed power on the offense but' couldn’t manage to drive far into enemy territory. The only scoring threat of the period was Johnson’s attempted field goal when the Bronco offense bogged down on the Boilermaker 23-yai'd line. But Dave Rankin stopped this threat when he sliced into the Santa Clara backfield to block the kick. Byelene To Rankin Brown’s nine-yard pass to Rankin on the last play of the first quarter started the Boilermaker’s successful goaiward march. Brock carried the pigskin eight more yards to the Bronco 30-yard line. Then Mike Byelene dropped back and let fly with one of his long distance aei-i-als. Dave Rankin slipped away from the Santa Clara secondary and picked Mike’s toss out of the air on the Bronc three-yard line and stepped over for six points. Montague’s kick was blocked by Poppin. Then the Broncos set Out on a highly determined effort to tie up the count or go into the lead. But the Boilermakers were just as determined to keep their lead and held the Santa Clara attack in check until the closing moments of the first half. With about eight minutes left in the second quarter, Saunders returned Jack Brown’s pUnt 21 yards to the Riveter 27. Roche took it to the nine-yard line in two plays. Then with their backs to their own goal line, the stubborn Boilermakers staged one of those goal line stands that you read about and took over the ball on their own one foot line. Broncs Tie It Up After Brock had kicked out, Thom threw a scare into Boilermaker fans when he took Johnson’s pass and raced across the goal line. Fortunately for the Riveters, both teams were offside. The Broncos came right back as Thom snagged Johnson’s pass and was dropped on the Riveter four-yard line. With but 58 seconds remaining in the half Petersen took the ball on a reverse from Johnson and crossed the line to tie up the game. Jim Miller got past the Bronco blockers to block Johnson’s kick. Neither team could make any headway throughout the third quarter. The two teams battled on an even basis mostly in the center of the field. The game developed into a punting duel between Lou Brock and Bronco Jim Johnson. Then came the break which decided the game. Stabler blocked Jack Brown’s kick and Santa Clara
University Judging Team, Biosser Win High Honors T. H. Biosser, member of the University dairy cattle judging team, pulled down a $400 scholarship offered by the Jersey Breeders’ Association in competition in the intercollegiate cattle judging contest at San Francisco, Calif., which was in session last week. Biosser also placed second in judging Guernsey breeds, and won seventh place in individual judging of all breeds. The University team, out of a field of 17 teams, won the seventh place honors as judges of all breeds and placed third in Brown Swiss, fourth in Ayrshires, and sixth in Holsteins. University team, besides Biosser, includes William R. Core, "Victor Stine, and Robert K. Waugh. Prof. J. H. Hilton is coach of the team. lOwa State College won the contest and the Oklahoma Agricultural College placed second. 6 Co-ed Finalists To Vie For Lodde Cup Six freshman co-eds will compete in the finals of the annual Lodde speech contest to be held Wednesday, October 31, at 7 :30 p. m. in the Home Economics auditorium. This final round of speeches follows up the preliminary ^bunds held Tuesday, October 24. Contestants will speak , on the same topics they used in the preliminaries, adapting their speeches to ones more suitable for the finals. / Co-eds who will compete in the. finals are Barbara Wade, Peggy Howard, Patricia Frigge, Faith Wayne, Mary Bachelder, and Fi’ahces Estet. Two awards will be presented at the conclusion of the contest: to the winner, a personal gift from the Lodde Jewelry Company of Lafayette; to the organization with the highest total of points scored during the finals, the Lodde Jewelry cup. Final arrangements for the contest are being completed by Lucy ’ Demoret, senior co-ed forensic manager; Marilyn McKnight and Gene Pechin, junior co-ed intramural forensic managers.
recovered on the Riveter 12. Roche hit the Boilermaker line twice and went over for a touchdown on his third smash. Stubler’s kick was good. Riveters Attempt Comeback In a frantic attempt to tie the score, the Riveters tried every trick in the bag, but a jubilant Santa Clara team wouldn’t be denied. Even Coach Mai Elward’s prize play in which Rankin takes the ball on an end-around didn’t function. Pass after pass fell incomplete and the Riveter ground attack was stopped dead. As the game ended, the ball was close to midfield where another Riveter march had been halted. Yesterday’s defeat gives the Boilermakers a season’s record of two defeats, one victory and one tie.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By LIdity
“The Senator is very ill today—he smoked a cigar from wrong pocket!”
NOTICES No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
Varsity Pistol Team: Important meeting at 4 p. m. Wednesday, November 1, in the Armory. Manager will be elected. —BECKER.
by calling Doris Saurnage, 2696, before Sunday noon. —MEYER.
Exponent Sophomores: Debris pictures will be taken Tuesday evening, October 81, according to the following schedule: 8:20, • business stall; 8:30, co-ed staff; 8:35, sports staff; 8 :46, editorial staff. —^FRED.
Gold Peppers: Group picture for Debris will be taken Monday, October 80, at 9:16 p. m. —MITCHELL.
X- , ,■ bury Club on Sunday evening, October 29, at the Parish House, to hear Dr. Lanczos speak on Europe’s social problems. Meeting will be at 7, supper at 6. —LYLES. Novice Pistol: The fourth novice pistol group will start on Tuesday, October 81. Students desiring to Are this course may sigh in Supply room between 8 a. m. and 6 p. m. —CAPT. holmes.
Purdue Agriculturist: All staff members report to the ToWer room of the Union for the Debris picture on Monday, October 30, at 7 :20 p. m. -—BURBRINK All Seniors: Seniors who have received cards notifying them that their proofs are ready for inspection either yesterday, or today are asked to come to the Debris office ■ this afternoon, October 29. The offices will be open from 12:30 p. m. until 9 p. m. in order to facilitate the checking of the pictures at the earliest possible time.
Zouaves; All active members of the Zouave squad report to the Armory at 4 p. m., Monday, October 30. —HURST, Union: Important meeting of music room staff on Monday, October 30, at 4 p. m. in' the Union ogice. —TILT.
Alpha Phi Omega; Executive committee meeting Sunday evening, October 29, in room A of the Union at 7:30. —McCAMMON.
Dolphin Club: Debris pictures tentatively scheduled for Wednesday, November 1. More details later. —HARRIS.
Pi Tan Sigma: Important meeting of all actives on Monday, October 30, in ME reading room. —EILERING.
• Scrivener Club: Meeting Sunday, October 29, at 7:30 p. m. at 202 Waldron. Bring manuscripts. —MUNRO.
Lutheran Students Club; An important meeting will be held in room C of the Union Sunday,-October 29, at 7 ;30 p. m. All Lutheran students who are affiliated with the St. James Church in Lafayette are cordially invited to attend. (10-29) —ALEXANDER.
who expect to graduate prior to February, 1941, are expected to take the senior engineering inspection trip this (11-1) —YOUNG. Christian Student Fellowship: Meeting In room C'of the Union building on Monday evening, October 80, at 7:80. Rev. Ainslie will be the speaker. —BURBRINK. Conditions in M.E. 31: An examination for the removal of conditions in M. E. 81 will be held in room 301 of the Mechanical Engineering building commencing at 1 p. m. Saturday, December 9, 1939. Those wishing to take the examination must make arrangements. with the undersigned before noon December 2, 1989. (11-2) . —MESSERSMITH Purdue Engineer Subscribers: All_ those who have not paid deferred subscriptions please do so before November 1., Leave money at Engineer office or at the east desk of the Union. (11-1) —LANTZ.
Riding Club: Debris picture will be taken Monday, October 30, at 7:45 p. m. in the Union. All members please be present. There will be no party October 31. —MEYER
Sophomore Activity Bureau: Picture to be taken Monday, October 30, at 8:46 in Tower room. —SWIFT.
Reamer Club: Important meeting Monday, October 30, at 8 p. m. in room F of the Union. All actives be there on time. Pledges report at 8 :30. —REILBY.
Co-eds: All co-eds interested in' WAA archery tournament meet at range at 4 o’clock Thursday, October 27, or Monday, October 30. —MOREHOUSE.
Lutheran Students: There will be a Hallowe’en party for members of the Lutheran Students’ Association in the basement of Holy Trinity Lutheran Church, 610 North Ninth street, at 7 :16 p. m., Tuesday, October 31. All Lutheran students, including those interested in joining, are cordially invited to come and join the fun. —HALL
Co-eds: WAA field hockey open practices held every day at 4 p. m. in athletic field. —FRAZIER.
Purdue Peace Fellowship: All members meet in the Reception room of the Unions on Monday, October 80, at 6 p. m. Instead of in the regular Sunday night meeting place. ' —STERNS.
Union Sophomores : There will be an important meeting of my staff Tuesday, October 31, at 4 p. m. in the Puttering room. It is imperative that all members be present. —CLARKE
Union Sophomores: Brojvsing room staff will please meet in the office at 4 p. m. on Monday, October 30. —HAMMAN.
Activities Bureau Sophomores: Group picture at 8 ;45 p. m. on Monday, October 30. —JORGESON.
WAA Intramural Riflery: Permanent schedule: Monday, 6:30, Ward 1; 7, Coedda, Glenwood ; 7:30, The Gables, Otter-be-inn ; 8, Alpha Chi Omega, Chi Omega; 8:30, Kappa. I Tuesday, 6:3d. Ward 2, Theopholus 13; 7, Collegiana, Theta; 7:30, Alpha Xi Delta, WRH West; 8, Chi Omega; 8:30, Pi Phi. Wednesday, 6:30, Riley House, S.H.E. House, Ward 8; 7, Ann Tweedale, Brockway Co-op; 7:3d, WRH South ; 8, Thaeles ; 8:30, Phi Mu. Thursday, 6:30, Ward 4, Twin Pines; 7, Pedalion, WRH North. (10-31) ' —HARRISON.
Classified Ads
FOR RENT FOR RENT—Half double room for co-ed. Three windows, continuous hot water. 129 Russell Street.
Union' Sophomores: Swing session and Variety Hour staff will meet at 4 p. m. Monday, October 30. See bulletin board in Union office for meeting place. —WOODS
Chi Epsilon : Debris pictures will be taken on Monday, October 30, at 7 :06 p. m. in the Union. All members and pledges be present. —CORNELL.
Fraternity Presidents’ Council: Assessments of 76c per man living in your houses for fire and police protection must be paid to Grosh, Phi Kappa, by November 1. Please attend to this matter. (11-1) —CATTERALL.
FOR RENT—Nice modern single room. Quiet. 420 Evergreen. Phone 85084.
CARS FOR RENT—Call Russ at 71644 after six evenings. Minimums rates as low as $2.60 for all night. '
Student Engineering Council: Presidents of engineering honoraries and professional societies will meet with Dean Potter at 4 :15 p. m. Wednesday, November 1, in the old Agriculturist office in the Union. —CATTERALL
NYA Workers: Checks may be obtained at the Cashier’s office in the Executive building. —HOLLENSBE.
Tau Beta Pi: Debris picture will be taken Monday, October 30, at 7 p. m. Please be prompt. —CATTERALL
Sophomore Union Workers: Our staffs meet in the Puttering room of the Union at 4 p. m. on Monday, October 80, to work on Military Ball decorations. -CROW, HOFFER.
POMM Pledges and Actives: Those desiring keys sign list on bulletin board immediately. Keys are $1.60 and can be paid for out of next pay check. (10-31) ' —REILEY.
FOR SALE TYPEWRITERS—All make*, standard and portable, sold, purohaaed, rented and repaired. New portable machines m low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Eberthoff, 60ii Main Street.
Riding Club: Due to unforeseen circumstances the Riding Club Hallowe’en party will be cancelled. (10-31) —SCHILLING
SAE: Debris group pictures will be taken in the Union at 7 :30 p. m., Monday, October 30. Be there. —KRATZ.
Wesley Players: Men are needed for production staff. Students interested in staging call Walter Kettenring, 8436; those wanting on the lighting crew call Lucky Godbey, 2663. Women are needed for make-up committee. Call Marjorie Hoover. (10-29) —McFADDEN.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Blue turquoise charm bracelet. Call Jean Niewald. 76022.
Episcopal Students: All Episcopal students are invited to the meeting of the Sea-
Mechanical Engineering Students: All
MISCELLANEOUS HELP WANTED—Eds and co-eds see Rex Huff, 8-9 p. m., 306 Russell.
Independent Staff: Entire staff must be present for Debris picture Tuesday, October 31, at 7 :16 p. m. Pictures are being taken in Tower room. Be on time. —ARCHIBALD
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, October 31, at 7:30 p. m. in room 254, Electrical Engineering building. Everybody is welcome. —PITCHER
Phi Lambda Upsilon: AH pledges obtain pledging material immediately from Dr. Hunt in Chem. 116. .10-29) —HALL
Senate: Will Paarlberg, Springgate, Obenchain please meet in Student Senate office at 4 :30 Monday, October 30. —McKBE
Project Committee: There will be a meeting Monday, October 30, at 4 :30 in room A of the Union. —McCAMMON
Camera Club: Debris picture will be taken Tuesday, October 31, at 7:30 p. m. in the Tower room of the Union. Membership covers cost of picture. All members please be there. —HEDDEN
Silver Mask : Meeting at 7 :15 p. m. Tuesday, October 31, in the Old Agriculturist office. All members please be present.. —NEPTUNE.
Sophomore Debris Photo Staff: Picture to he taken on Tuesday, October 31, at 8:50 p. m. in the Tower room of the 'Union. —SWIFT.
Delta Rho Kappa: Pledges must carry keys and assorted goods until further liotice. .—ESTEY. (10-31) ■
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held on Tuesday, October 31, at 7 :30 p. m. in room C of the Union. —FRANTZREB.
Kappa Delta Pi: Group pictures will be taken for Debris on Tuesday, October 31, at 7 p. m. Watch Exponent for place. —NEAL.
Riding Club: Moonlight ride Sunday night, October 29. Wiener roast will be held at 7 :30 p. m. Members can make reservations
Follow Your ‘EXPONENT OF THE AIR” WBAA Tuesday, Friday—4:15
Cleaning Methods
> SAFE and THOROUGH to any Color or Fabric. American Laundry West Side Oifice 132 Vine St.
TOWNSEND'S LUNCH SPECIAL — Five-cent Hamburgers Five-cent Baked Beans -648 MAIN STREET PHONE 4454
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD ). RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Florists
• Dairy Products
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Fbwers Main at 7th Phone 6050
M. E. MOREHOUSE _ DIARY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
• Locksmith
• Hardware
KEYS & LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing, MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE , 321 State St Phone 4354
U. S. Govt. Graded Beef FRESH QcUdofL MEATS Compare your present canned good prices with our summer purchased BIRDSEYE prices on the following Fruits and Vegetables
BROCCOLI
CAULIFLOWER
SPINACH SQUASH
PEAS
ASPARAGUS
CORN
LIMA BEANS
PEACHES
STRAWBERRIES BLUEBERRIES RASPBERRIES
FROZEN BIRDSEYE VEGETABLES LAFAYEHE FOOD LOCKERS 5355 - PHONES - 2971