TANKMEN Drop Second Match To mini Swimmers
EDITORIAL Asks If University Is Draft-Dodger Haven
Established 1889
Nice Weather
Vblumc 55, No. 92
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, February 21, 1943
Boilermakers Take Victory From Iowa Five, 49-35
University Houses To
To Rent Two ( Board Army
Fraternity Trainees
Army Board Looks At Sigma Phi Epsilon, Beta Theta Pi, Lambda Chi Alpha, Phi Delta Theta According to an announcement received last night from R. B. Stewart, special advisor to the Army Specialized Training Program, arrangements have been tentatively completed for the housing of approximately five hundred army men who are expected to arrive here for training early in March. An Army inspection board was on the campus yesterday conferring with University officials and making a survey of the tlniversity housing facilities. The original plan called for the quartering of the men in the Women’s gymnasium, but this was discarded because of the" lack of sufficient sanitary facilities to meet the Army standards. In picking the rooming houses, the Army inspectors paid particular attention to fire hazards, fire control equipment, size of unit, location and sanitary facilities. Most of the men will be quar-
tered in Cary Halls, but the remainder will be housed in two fraternities yet to be selected. Sigma Phi Epsilon, Lambda Chi Alpha, Beta Theta Pi and PM Delta Theta fraternities have previously offered their facilities to the University ^nd are
under consideration. Junior, Senior Engineers
The men, who will be selected to come here for training, will be
C. F. Ketterin§ Will Deliver Address On 'Researcli' In Husicllail, March 4
Convo Will Feafyre
GMC Executive
Charles F. Kettering, vice president of General Motors and president of General Motors Research, will speak in the
junior and senior engineers and will Hall of Music Thursday, March be selected from camps-in the fifth 4^ at 7:30 p. m. The subject of sexwice command through a series . • , -n u <<t i • of army screening tests. Although ^ ^ the curriculum is still indefinite, the Forward Through the Eyes of terms will be twelve weeks in Research”. Mr. Kettering is length and the courses will follow being sponsored by the Lafayette the same general pattern as the Chamber of Commerce and has
present courses scheduled by junior
apd senior engineers.
The movement into Cary Halls as well as the vacating of the two fraternities \vill necessitate the movement of students to other quarters. Some doubling up will take place in the Halls, but fra-
been secured through the efforts of Dean A. A. Potter, head of the school of engineering. The student War Council is in charge of arrangements for the convocaetion. Entertainment tor the program will be furnished by the University Glee Club and Concert Choir under
ternities hnd other houses having the direction of A. P. Stewart. Part
rooms are asked to cooperate in supplying living quarters for the displaced students. R. B. Stewai’t and Col. Beere would like to thank the students of (See ARMY, page 4)
of the musical program will be a
presentation in costume. No Charge For Tickets
There is no charge for the meet-
Cadets Given Medals For Highest Records In Military Iraining Medals weie awai'ded to six sophomores for the most outstanding records in military training at the regular coips day review Thursday. These medals, awarded by Colonel D. M. Beerc, P. M. S. & T., ai-e offered annually by Colonel Robeit R. McCormick, editor and publisher of the Chicago Tiibune. The following awards were made to the three outstanding sophomores for work in the first term of thir sophomore year: Gold Medal, Cadet Sergeant Jerome F. Kehl; .Silver Medal, Cadet Sergeant Merle E. Bunker; Bronze Medal, Cadet
Serg'eant Alex J. Jarema.
The three outstanding first term sophomores were presented the fol-
No. 2 Ration Availabk Tomorrow
Gold Peppers
To Issue Books Students are reminded that issuance of war ration book No. 2 will begin in the West Reception Room of the Union tomorrow at 1 p. m., and will continue each afternoon thereafter until 5:30, for a period of five days. It is absolutely necessary that war ration book No. 1 be presented before book No. 2 can be issued. Workers will be members of Gold Peppers, women’s
activities honorary.
Those students who do not have immediate access to book No. 1 are urged to make plans for obtaining it as soon as possible. Members of fraternities or organized boarding
Ehlers Leads With 19 Points; Ben Trickey Second With 13 By Joe Ddwson, Exponent Sports Editor Completely recovering from their recent slump, a fighting, hard-driving Boilermaker quintet led all the way in completely outclassing the invading Iowa team by a score of 49-35 in the Fieldhouse last night. The decided superiority of the Riveters over the Hawkeyes was shown by the fact that the Lambertmen hit 22 of 78 shots taken while Iowa was counting on 13 of 73. Ed Ehlers, seemingly able to hit from any angle, led the Boilermaker attack with eight field goals and three free throws for a 19 point total to lead both teams in scoring. Kennedy made 12 markers after replacing A1
Menke in the first half to take
Hanley Sponsors Seventh Annual Speech Contest For Engineers
P-Men To Sponsor Annual Blanket Hop Next Saturday Night Next Saturday evening the PMen’s Club will sponsor its annual Blanket Hop in the “Union Ball Park” after the Wisconsin game. The principal event, of the occa-
sion will be the announcement of ing at the Speech office in Univer“P” blanket winners. Before one sity Hall by March 9. can be a candidate for a "P’* blanket Preliminaries March 11 he must have earned four major Preliminaries for the contest will be held in room 101 of University sophomore guard then dropped in
repor s jjall Thursday, March 11, at 7:30 two more in quick order while Iowa j P- speakers will be chosen was scoring three points, making
rangements, lettermen and students the preliminary round to en- the count 6-3. The highly-publicized
with numerals are urged to wear j-g^. contest which will be
letters.
According to reliable
from the club’s committee on ar-
runnerup honors. Captain Ben Trickey, the chunky fellow who probably took more shots th^n the rest of the Iowa team
Eds To Register combined, dropped in 13 points to
^ pace the Hawkeyes.
Before March 9 Brower and Biggs
One hundred dollars in prizes The brilliant floor game and dewill again be awarded for the fensive work of both Brower and six best speeches by engineers Biggs proved to be an outstanding on any economic subject per- factor in the victory. Time and time
tainine to the war in the sev-
^ - tossed the ball to teammates for enth annual Hanley Speech numerous scores, Brower was a conContest. All engineers are eli- stant source of trouble to tbe entire gible to enter. Entrants should team—Trickey in particular—-with signify their intentions by call- interceptioiis and fine guarding.
Both men managed to add seven
points to the Riveter total.
Immediately after the opening tipoff, Ehlers scored from close in. The fast dribbling, hard driving
(See CONVO, page 4)
Scabbard And Blade Releases Information About Best Soldier Contest Next Month
ing and anyone may get tickets by lowing medals for work during
their freshman year. The Gold Medal was given to Cadet Sergeant Richard E. Harrison. Winner of the Silver Medal was Cadet Corporal Paul N. Prass and the Bronze Medal was presented to Cadet Sergeant Allen W. Moorman. Army To Show Film
houses should see to it that
book is submitted in the bunch which the rationing committee is scheduled to receive from their house. This arrangement has been made with the purpose in mind of simplifying the task of issuing
some 6500 ration books.
The importance of possessing war ration book No. 2 can be appreciated when one learns that it will be necessary to present it before many essential commodities such as foods of various kinds, shoes, et cetera may be obtained. Rationing at the University will be under the sponsorship of the Stu-
dent War Council.
PI A To Reopen Dance Classes PIA advanced dance classes will
their Sweaters may held Thursday, March 18, at 7:
or may not be worn depending on the plans of those who are coming. Tickets will go on sale next Monday in the Union, at Cary Halls, and in fraternity houses for fl.lO. Maury Mahn will provide music for
30
Ben Trickey then tallied his only basket of the half on a long Iqoper
p. m. Last year the contest was won from the side,
by William Peters, Chem. Eng. ’43, Take Four Point Lead ... who spoke on “Mounting Surpluses Brower scored on a nice make and in Latin America.” then Ehlers counted again before Mr. W. A. Hanley, sponsor of the O’Brien tied up the game with,a free contest, is a University graduate throw and a pivot shot, 8-8. Ken-
Entrants To Regist-er
I" Leader Training On Teacbing Methods
Meetings Open Here Tuesday
both ballrooms of the JJnion.
WAA To Hold
Mass Meeting Wednesday
WAA will hold a mass meeting and election of officers Wednesday afternoon in the Women’s Gym at
4.
The 'following nominees will be introduced: president, Jean Brackman and Betty Galbraith; vice-
be held open to new members until president, Bea Buergler and Ann tomorrow night. After this date the Waterbury; secretary, Patricia classes will be closed and no new Hennis and Marian Lafuze; treas-
the occasion which will be held in who joined the Board of Trustees nedy and Brower traded baskets
Scabbard and Blade has released information concerning its annual Best Soldier Contest which will be held during next month. The contest is open to sophomores and freshmen who will be judged on grades in discipline, conduct on the drill floor, general attitude, soldierly appearance and bearing, and a practical examination in The School of the Soldier which will be given Saturday afternoon, Mai'ch 24, to all
competitors.
Scabbard And Blade To Judge Judges for the practical examination will be members of Scabbard and Blade. Judges for the preliminary period will be members of Scabbard and Blade, Drill Sergeants, and Regular Army Officers. Reasons for elimination from the
members will be accepted. At the meeting of the class last Monday, there was quite an increase in enrollment. For this
At the cojiclusion of the regular faculty meeting tomorrow after-
urer, Ann Busby and Ruthr Rule. Other girls may be nominated from the floor if there is a quorum of active members present at this
reason PIA feels that there are meeting.
still some people that want to join
noon at 4 o’clock in the Hall of the dance classes.
Music, the United State Army edu- Mr. Allen will again give a half-
Active Members To Be Posted A list of active members, those who haye paid membership dues
In cooperation with Indiana Rotary Clubs, University officials will conduct a 4-H club'adult leader training conference for leaders in the Central District No. 155 at the University next Tuesday. The conference is one of many being conducted tliroughout the state in the same mannei. There are 27 counties in the Central Distinct, and these counties have 22 Rotary Clubs within their boundaries. To Discuss War-Time I’roblenis Program for the one-day conference is designed to enable adult leaders to settle any prolilcms which wartime conditions may
in December, 1940. In 1935, he sug- with Nesmith and O’Brien after gested that the University have an which Ehlers and Biggs sent the annual contest “so that engineer- Riveters into a four point lead, 18ing students would be more inter- 14. Both baskets were scored from ested in learning how to speak cor- directly under the goal, rectly.” In his job as superinten- Kennedy threw in a one hander dent of production for Eli Lilly in from the side but Lundstedt aqd • Indianapolis, he found that college Vacant! then shot the Hawks back men, especially engineers, have good into a 19-19 deadlock. Ehlers made ideas, but seldom can present their a free throw and Kennedy sent a suggestions to others because of pivot shot through the net to bring their speaking ability. For this the score up to 22-19 at the half. (See HANLEY, page 4) (See GAME, page 4)
Religious Convocation Will Feature Lecture On 'Deeper Education' By Dr. C. W. Gilkey
Dean Talks In Music Hall Sunday At 10:30 Dr. Charles W. Gilkey, dean of the University of Chicago Chapeh and associate dean of the Divinity School at Chicago, will speak at the religious convocation to be held at 10:30 a. m., Sunday, February 28, in
WBAA Offers
Tryouts For New Frosh
Special auditions will be held at WBAA, located in the basement of
cational film dealing with teaching hour “catch up” period. Classes will and earned at least 25 points, will methods will be shown. start at 7:30 p. m. each succeed- be posted on the WAA bulletin The film deals with methods used ing Monday evening in the South board and should be checked before
in Iraining soldiers and describes Ballroom of the Uniorr and will deal the meeting.
how they may be applied by Uni- with the' Fox Trot, Rhumba, Jit- Revision of the constitution re-
ver.sity instructors. It also gives teihugging, etc. garding scholai’ship eligibility to fi-gshmen next Wednesday at 7:30 of his address will be “The pointers on how to make a good im- The price for the complete course hold an office will be discussed. This auuicoo wm xuc
pression on students, and how to is .'p2.50 for each ed. As usual coeds is necessary to meet University re-
make classes interesting. will be admitted free. quirements.
the Hall of Music for intra-session the Hall of Music. The subjject
contest will be misconduct when cause. The meetings will begin at
in uniform, poor attitude, poor disciplinary record, and actions not in keeping with those of a good
soldier.
Students desii-ing to enter may sign up any afternoon of the week
9 a. in. with group sin,"ing conducted by A1 Stewart, head of University Musical Organizations. Following the assembly, the group will separate with agricultural club leaders in one group and home
Potters^ Queen Crowned With Pot. , . Freshman Queen Presented Crown At Green Potters Ball Friday Night
By Phil Winslow ' Barbara Conard, smiling second Attendants chosen for the queen semester school of science fresh- weie Barbara Borman from La-
beginning tomorrow at a desk economies club leaders in another, which will be located on the second “Food for Victory 4-H Clubs” will floor of the Armory between the also be a topic for general discus-
hours of 4 and 5:30. Entrants will sion.
be given a ribbon to wear on the left lapel of tjioir uniform while the contest is going' on. Winner Will Receive Gold Medal Awards will be given to the three high men repr'esenting the freshman and sophomore classes. Pidzes will be gold, silver, and bronze medals which will be awai'ded to the first, second, and third place award winners respectively, in each cl^ss.
Dinner In Evening Following lunch, tjie conference
man from Rossvillo, Illinois, was crowned queen of the freshman class Friday night at the Green Potters’ Ball. She was crowned by Jim McCormick, president of the Green Potters, with a green fresh-
Grango, Illinois, a Kappa pledge; and Levon Merchant, a Theta ])ledge from Springfield, Illinois. Both are second semester Home
Ec students. They were both pre- will be held every year.” sented c*orsages, although Levon Three Hundred Couples Present
class. “I’m sure everyone, especially the freshmen, are well pleased with our queen and her attendants,” said McCormick. “We think that our freshman queen was well
chosen, and I hope that the election this semester.
p. m.
No experience is necessary to apply for an audition and freshmen with vocal abilities are urged to attend these auditions, which are designed to determine whether they are fitted to become announcers, script writers or to do general
radio broadcasting.
Variety pf Opportunities WBAA offers oppor-tunities in many special fields of radio besides announcing. Newscasting, dramatic work, musical abilities, vocal work, including gen%i'al speaking and special events work, sportscasting, and production are among the diversified fields dealt with in radio work. These auditions are for intrasession freshmen only, since regular auditions were held earlier
will continue with music, grouj) sos- man pot decorated with a spangled was unable to attend the ceremony. Flashlight bulbs popped as the
Chosen Last Tuesday girls faced a camera barrage of These three lovely young ladies newshouncls, wolves, and freshmen were chosen by a popular vote of admirers. Approximately threethc freshman class last Tuesday hundred couples were present at the from a group of fourteen girls. crowning ceremonies, which were Election of the queen for the Pot- held irr the middle of the dance.
sions, and recreation in charge of F. L. McRcynolds of the 4-II stall'. A dinner will be hold in the evening, followed by a summarizing general session. Adult loader tr'aining coirfei'ence are being held in three districts over the state. The conferences began February 9th,
and will end the 25th.
“46.” Barbara was also presented with a dozen roses, following which the song “One Dozen Roses” was dedicated to “Her Royal Highness”
by Dick Ci.sne.
Feels Greatly Honored
“Naturally I feel very honored ters Ball marks the first time in Dick Cisne and his orchestra from to be chosen queen of the fresh- history that a queen has been the University of Illinois furnished man class,” Barbara said. chosen to rule over the freshmarr the music for the occasion.
Cadettes You may obtahtjU subscription to the Exponent in the main office of Wood Hall at any time during the next week. Please be sure to include your box number as well as your name on the subscription blank.
Deeper Education”.
Last November, Dr. Gilkey spoke at the Religious Emphasis Week on the campus. He has also spoken at University Bac-
calaureate services. Received Fellowship
Dean Gilkey graduated from Harvard in 1903 with the A.B. degree, magna cum laude, and in 1904 completed his Master’s degree. From -1905 to 1908 he was a strident at Union Theological Seminary. His records were so i^ood that he received a fellowship for two years’ study abroad. The first year he spent in Germany and the second in England, Ireland, and
Scotland.
Sent To India The University of Chicago sent him to the students centers in Irtdia in 1924. There he gave a course of six lectures to audiences totalling about 40,000. Dr. Gilkey has written a nomber of books, two of which are '‘Jesoa and Our Geireration,*’ and “Per-
spectives.”
The University choir tinder % directiorr of A. P. Stewart, wiUt»lce part in the religious program, St^ dents, faculty members, and towinio people are invited to attend.if j i
Pdge 2
Purdue Exponent
Sunday, February 21, 1943
Purdue Exponent Offices Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Unron, Phone 4005 Sport' Fii-ldSouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phono After 10 p m , 5377 Honorary Editor illiam G Hoskini \\ ilh the t olors
Editor Bufiincta Manaacr Vows Editor. Managms Editor Senior AdvertinnR Manager Sports Editor Cord Editor Cord Business Eiecutne
Dale E Butz Gerhard H Klouman Robert W Boswmkie Sallv Beall James G Petty Josephs Dan son Jean 1auer A Jane Kcim
Publication Staff Editorial Staff Associate Fditi rs E 1 Vci h J I R oln 1 on T I W H Tyson W 1 V rmilirn M I dell E Mnrphj Coed Staff Phyllis Mann Martha I cc Rii, s Carolyn Wilbur Elaine Ahrens Sports Siaff C Somrds J Aekcinm D Shryer R Smith
Tilt|On Sn th C C Martin
Business Staff Assistant Advertising Manager I I ilpi Advertising Managers J riexoi C Gaunt J McCullough J Tabh Circulation Manager R H Krocpl n Acconnts Manager Mary Lilts
Editor in Chief
The Purdue independent
Bert Squier
Staff For This Issue Night Editor Vermilion Issue Editor AI hett Day Editor Wilbur Sports Editor Shryer Reporters Lynch Cr gory Si or Y iigar Cinig Si eck Winsloyy D nham Jo dan Fin nd n Vai B 1 rk B yn Riehard on Cair tt Fit/pilrick
Entered as second cla. s mattir at the post office in Lafay ette, Indiana under the act of Congrt s of March 3 18 9 and at the sp cial rate f postage provided tor in section nos act of October 3 191 author z 1 Jan lary 20 1922 Published m Fusi y fhur day Friday and Sunday mornings during tht ytai D 1 yer d locally by can er f r SI fi r a senester or $3 00 foi two seme Ic r by ma 1 for $2 00 for a semester jr $3 0 for tw stn t , i a j jRopresei t< 1 for nal ona a Belli ii t by N t nal Advertis^ mg Service Inc (oil ge 1 bli I is Rej re entutives^ Madison Ave Ne v York N Y
420
Draft Haven?. . . Immediately aftei the Japanese attack on Peail Harboi some college students enlisted and started then training in the armed serv ices Others loined the Enlisted Resei ves with the hope of staying m school until the Army saw fit to call them to active duty On September 2 of last yeai, Piesidcnt Elliott, speaking at a “Will to Win” convocation, pointed out that the students weie allowed to remain in school because the Unneisity believed that they would be worth moie in the final inventory of the nation’s man-power At the same convocation, Elliott stated that the factories pioducmg war goods, the faims, and the armed services had loaned the students to the University fn tiaining toward the vvai effort and that in leahty students were heie on bon owed time “ We realize that most of the students m the Umveisity know ot the tiemendous responsibilities that lest on then shouldeis and are doing then best to piepaie themselves loi the job which vv il make the biggest contribution to the vva’ pfioH TP^se in the Enlisted Re serves and th^A t g. will piobably be induct ed into the aimj and othci students will fill essential jobs in wai industries Unfortunately, however, there is a Ln ge gioup of students still attending classed' at the University who aie here just because it affoids a means of staying out of the aimy Some of these students diopped out of school shoitly aftei wai was declared because they feaied that college students would soon be diafted Aftei quilting school they discoveied that the draft plays no favoiites and soon leluined to school to take haven in the Enlisted Resei ves As soon as the army thieatened to call the Reserves to actice duty, these students once again began to investigate the possibility ot returning to iiidustiy oi the faim in the hope of avoiding the aimy Then actions have definitely pi oven that the> are anxious to protect their own inteiests and do not particularly care whethei or not they aie doing then best toward the war effort Apparently they feel that they aie essential in any field which is the farthest lemoved fiom mihtaiy duty Piactically all students, as well as their parents, aie not exactly happy about going into the aimy, but most of them have enough intentinal foititude to fight lor what they hold to be right and deal Students who oscillate tiom pillar to post in an eflfoit to avoid the aimy aie nothing more than slackers oi diaft dodgers They aie no bettei than men aheady in the aimed foices and seemingly they “-hould icccivc no bettei ticatment It IS awtullv haid ^ decide who is needed at home and who should enter the service, but It IS a compaiativcly easj ]ob to build up a need where no need exists Government oflt cialb make the decisions, but each one ot us should examine ourselv^cs and see it we aie really needed at home oi it wt aie meiely ducking the army Pi evident Elliott said last summei, “Puidue Unneisity does not intend to become a hideout loi the taint heaited and we leel that some faint heaits aie still loitenng on the campus —d e b « SshvixjL SiJiipsA. Ll'. Cpionel Stanley ED class oi 20 ioimtilv plant (xtciision cn{,i | iioei in the LngintciniL Dt pai tincnt <1 the fiuliana Bell 1 ekpliont ( otnpanj has httn moved iiom Wash mgton, D ( to lOuJadi Iphia is OffKci m f hai^e oJ the Plant l>)i„ Piojiet ( ontioJ Apemy ot the Sii,'-!!!!] ( 01 ps
WSIIINQTON . tm R.? u y Pai ok Merry-GO-ROUND By DREW PEARSON WAACS, WAVES Engage in Feud; General Hsiung Shih-Fei Ends Military Mission For China V\ ASIIINGTON—The lady wauiois of this wai — the WAACS ind the WAVES—aie now busy emulat ing the m tic of the species by engaging in a good old Annapolis West Point fend The battle revolves around the fact that the WAACS are not reallv a part of the Aimy The WAVES, on the othei hand are a part of the Navy, definite and bona fide with the right ot rank and of wearing what ever undieS they hke Meanwhile, the WAACS must wear G I (government issue) from the skm out Since the WAACS aie not leally a pait of the Aimv then diiectoi Colonel Hobby wcais the eagles only by couitesy and legally she has no light to them What s moie with pei mission of the commanding ofRcei the WAACS can discaid then unifoims aftci 'i\ in the evening and don long low necked civvies 01 anything they hke The WAVES scoin such half way military seivice lejoicing m the diffeionce that they, unlike the WAACS can be called to combat duty, can be tiied by couit maitial can mail then letters without postage The difference is underscored by the fact that the CWACS women of the Canadian Army, about 100 ot whom are in Washington are a regular part of their Army on the same basis as men The CWACS (pro nounced QUACKS) don t get much for their service— 95 cents a day for a private with a subsistence allow ance ot $1, compared with $1 60 plus subsistence for a private WAVE OR W \AC Phis battle of the women warriors should be solved soon however w hen a bill passes Congress making the WA VeS a part ol the Army wilh the simc privileges and responsibilities as men e Waves' New Uniform Meantime the WAVES aie two steps ahead They aio aheady making plans foi summei unifoims Poi woik they will weai a cool gabaidinc ol Navy blue with i shoit sleeved white shutwaist The gabaidinc jacket can be icmoved mdoois I or summer dress, there will be a white uniform, with blue braid on the sleeves indicating the rank and gold buttons (We’re speaking ot officers now enlist ed women wear daik blue buttons ) Change oi millinery will be only superficial The dark blue cover on the present hat will bd unsnapped, to be replaced by a white cover And the present heavy laincoat will yield to a light flimsy thing for summer Foi a time theio was healed dcbite ovei the hand bag question Should the WAVES have c white sum mci handbag or should they not’ The question was finally xnsw ei ed m the negative and the pi esent bl xck bag (minus the long shouldei stiap) will be earned loi summei vvoai • ^injured By Same Bomb Mush ill Field 4th son ol tnc t me igo publishei was si ghtly wounded dm mg a J ip ittic! on i U S uidiaft caiiici inthePiciht Young Field is coiiv ilcsciiig it a b ise hospit il in the Austnliin aiei but i numbci ot the moie sen 0 isly wounded weio ictuincd to i hospital in New \oil A doctoi in the New Toil hospital inquued ot one Guidalcaml pitient it ho 1 new Ensign field He s my biothci m 1 iw oxpliined the doctoi Yes I m ! ht siy I 1 now him iiilimitclj lephcd the wourdod min We wcit injuied by the s ime
bomb
• Oil Rations Hit Rich OPA s Joe Dean who heads fuel i Pioning siys the system his biouglit the nch to the level ot the pool The pcisoiis h udest hit by lucl oil i itioning he s ly s, aiL those living m mansions Re i on foi th s is tint OPA s aiei ceiling pie vents them tiom h iving enough lucl oil to heat a big m msion The limit ition is on tlu imount ot so ice pel pel son pei nutted to be heitcd A nch bieheloi living in a 20 loom house is no longei illowed to he it his house ioi the uea ceil mg allows him only 2 000 scjuaie feet to be heated Ihe maximum toi two people is 2 600 squaic feet De in cites one case oi i government ofiieial m W isli mgton who lives in i big house which last yeai eon sumed 26 000 g illons ot oil But this you he w is allowed only G 000 g illons He w is dnven to conveit to coal Moie still ing w n the cast of i I ong Isl ind tamily which li id been burning 119 000 gallons of oil i yen but was cut dow n to^l6 000 gallons this yeai The dificicnce—10 j 000 g illons— is enoimh to 1 cep 250 families waim toi the wintei • China Represenfative Unsatisfactory Ceneial Ilsiung blnh I ei letiring head ol the (hi nese military mission has hatl an unhappy time evei since he ariived in the Liuted Stiles He will not come back ag un llsiung got off to in unfortunate stait duung his ed cagey oi at least appealed to and letused lo in swer 1 UR s questions legirding (hiiiese military pi oblems in ( hina Chinese Fml issy offie ils contend th it Genei il Hsiung wis not to hi imi since he d dn t spcik I ng lish and hesit ited to commit hmmoli on milituy see lets thiougli in inteipietei Ihe Chinese ilso sty the intoipielei did i clumsy job iml Ih it i lot of wfiit the Piesident s iid went ovei the Genei il s he id Altci tilling with the Picsidenl Genei il Hsiung went to see C hiet ot Stall Ccnci ilGcoigcC Maishall who ilso had his tioubles I oi liteiwiicl Mushill phoned the Piesidont th it the two hoius he spent with the Geneial tool iw ly two veus ot his file Some ot ihesc things weic lepoitcd by FDR to his ( ongiLssion il leadeis lecpiitly when he exp] lined the difiiculticfa ol getting Gcnci ilissimo Cluing K ii shek lo the ( as iblanc i eoiileience Tlhcn ietc ii mg to the lufiled leelings ot (icnei il Hsiung he slid with a
smile
tt m ght be i ,,ood ide i toi me to 1 ive Mis Roosc \ clL 1 ill lo the ( ( nti il s w itc She h is beci i cpi e stilting me 1 ilely m e in le 1 itions with ( hii i He w IS leiening to the i let th it Mis Roosevelt Ills called on M id imt ( hian K ii shole while she is eoiiv iltscmg n i lo p I il iijio to liti visit to the Wliite IIou e Note A m w ( him sc Gone il is expected to tike Gencial Hsiung s pliet It is hoped th it the visit ot (a-eriei il ‘ II ip Arnold lo (huiigling will icsult in moie supplies to ( lim i ((opyiiglil 194^ by Unite d I eatuie Syndic lie Inc)
The Ratio
3.55 ... to I
OFF AGAIN ON AGAIN
Talk about women being fickle’ This one tops them all After Beta Frank Hemlei’s pool innocent little 16 yeai old high school sweetheart Peggv Brum tiaveled all the way to Puiduo Iiom Shakei Heights Ohio this scmestei just so she could go to school with Stinky ’ he tosses hei ovei within a few weeks takes his pm back and plants it again a lew week life on Chi 0 Geoige Ann Calloway 4. veiy duty deal say we
SPRING Must be hcic Some of tnesc pmnmgs aie tinning Into maiiiages and thats always a sme sign Yon can eioss Chi O pledge Rosemary Wade, off you clioibilily list pc muuntly loi we heu she is soon to many Delta Chi inn Reed And to think that he pinned hei just i tew shoit weeks igo Howcvci uhc Delta Chi Chi 0 leelgci book has been bal meed by the lecent unpinning of Delta Chi Alum Rill Feik who will be m the Navy befoie long md Chi 0 (lUiny Mittcndort lo complete the list of lecent ohmges m the Chi 0 house we must mention the moigci between AXP Iim Sh ivv m 1 Chi 0 M utha Met ulloch
COMPETITION Ihcse newly niiv el Cui tiss Wimht Caelettes mike no pietenses at ill about hiiliig 'lom the South We lieu tint they mteiiupt the singing ovci it WRH whenevci possible with then own mmiit iblc veision ol ‘ Dixie And while we iC speikm,,, about the C lelettcs wc might mention what one obviously spitetul toed told us Saul toed cl urns that ill ot he moic bioicl ot th be im Cidettes seem to be spoitm,. k ipp i pins Seems lo be i genei il thai ictcii tic
ANOn OI WARNING
To \dele (ole Pi Pnis Sis M ilcv and Maui Kennc Kipnis Reeky Pershn g ml Retty Crai„ md tnue unn imccl Phi Dtlts one Beti md one Sigma ( hi We can t hold in any longei wuhout i substmtial biibt fio the leadci s We cm t tell ill we know but i self iddiessed envelope willbimg ill tlu f lets lb ut this juicy bit oi diit
Problems For Fun
To tie lit its thci eonsidei it m
piollt ns 1 lid b'' h ineicd i o scpai ite Kie beets Icioie 1 0 p m Fi I \ it the weel ot the lioslmg ot the jnohlems Include with e ich selutim i si led st ite ment that the sol iti m w s obi line 1 unassisted Soliilims iie lo bo himlel m it the Mitlicmitics
Office
PROBLI M 7 V gioeer ittempts to weq h out identical amounts of siigai lo two customers but his seile, ne f Use The first time he put the weij-ht in one pan and the sugar in the other the second lure ho ieve se the pro eedure Doe ■> he gam oi lose’ Solut on o 11 t V cel s ) loblem The t llrw n s il it on w i si mitted 1 y J ic )b \ I i c soi (1) let X = Anns me y\liei Muy wm thice times hei
Just Lboking Around By Jack Abbott and Jim Richardson It IS thought in some quartets that Piesident Roosevelt may 1 un again unless the war has been won and ihe peace made by national convention time which comes aiound again m the summer of ’44 Although Roosevelt has nevei said anythipg eithei publicly oi privately, so tai as is known, some of his associates now talk as if his candidacy in 1944 weie a ceitainty
Wayne Ginrich To Talk At Dairy Club Meeting Daily Club will hold its Febiuaiy meeting lucselay night at 7 30 in Room 108 of Smith Hall Wayne Gimich i Univcibity giaduate and mid west lepiescntative of Seal test Company will speak and pie sent a pietuic entitled Sealtest and
You
The Sealtest system is one of lab oiatoiy eontiol attempting to give umloim testing and eoiitioiling ol duly pioduets m N itional Daily Flints Ihcy i ispcel ind give is sistmee to pi ints whoncvci ncccs
siiy
I vciyone i unite 1 to attend the nicelm 4 sjiccial mvitition is is sued to Shoit Couise students
tin cc times Mi y s i>,c y\ 1 on Muy w IS thieo times jVnn s igc 9\ (1) 41 o — — Muy s igc yvhon
2
she w IS one hill Ann-, i„t
silted 11 (i) 9x (5x)
(5) Ihus — — 2x — = Anns
2 2
9x
igo when Maiy y\ is —
2
bocau 0 tiom (1) iml (2) it IS evidei t that Mai v will il y\ ivs be 2x years old th m Ann (6) Ihus 5\ = M ly s pie ent ie,e (7) An 1 ]x Ann s ji cscnl i^o 5x k X ~ 11
unless the foregoing conditions have been met To the layman, plans for the next presidential election may seem fai in the future, but to men high up m political cades, they staited yvith the announcements of the le
suits of the last election
XXX
The wry humoi which is one part of Mayoi Fiorello LaCuai dia’s spontaneous personalty came to the top publicly last week in the form of i not so subtle hint to the people of New Yoik City While speaking ovei a metiopoli tan radio st itton the little m lyoi stated th it a new commodity would be frozen within a tew hours and from then on be i i tioned He ended his t-ilk with It will not be food md in the meantifne do not oo any unneees sary w liking I ite paptrs that evening e u i led Ihe govirnment uinouiueme I dtalmg with shoe
1 itmiiing
X X X
! h I ) I !,,( ol (I I 111 n in powii till (1 iy tlu wu Ills lot (I Iv di u 111 \ men i u in li »■ ti y 1)1 t I 1 Is 111 ill line sh fl ( f h )o] t 1 I Ik I 1 om 1 ^h school I 1 t\ 11 kwoi int) put
iiul lull till (inplovnicit outside the eho 1 1 h s ti c 1 is 1 ud to pieytrl ti wiitunc but by skillful ciiltiol tlu eiui ition itpusented in 111 h stlu 1 now m ly ictuin to no m il w h ii II t t lu tt in< s without hulling it (II p 111 1 I ll\ \. move nti t u\ getlii 111 it 1 vy ly to itc mil li h tins vit 1 1 i 1l" ^
Sunday^ fehruary 21, 1943
s'.
Boilermaker Snorts # / ^ MU '> !f < v'. s Jte , rn^rnrnmiiiimmmmmm^mmmmmmmmmmimimimmmmtmmmmmmmmmmmmmimtmmmimmmmmamm
PagiS.
iMl*
Hish School/ Collese Swimmers Display Talent
Letter Tells History Of Wwiieye Mentor Frosh Eligibility Rule Editor’s Note Jim Maher has supplied member universities with spoits dope from the Western Confeience News Bureau foi some time. This is his parting shot
^ Relays Coming Up March 27
Just a Uttle over a month fiom now, Boileimakei tiack fans will be able to witness the event which has alieady become Heim Phillips’ pride and joy—the fiist lunning of the long awaited Puidue Relays ^scheduled here m the Fieldhouse on Maich 27 Fiom all indications at the present
Gentlemen:
By the time this letter reaches your desks the writer expects to have been inducted into the Army Before closing up shop I thought that I might pass along a few odds and ends of mfoimation which might be of use to you in view of current conditions For example, the so-called “freshman” rule will undoubtedly come up for consideration 1918, the Conference suspended con-
time this meet should become the finest of its kind in legaids to top again in the Western Confer- duiation” to the wai
flight competition and coloilul enteitamment foi the students gnd towns-
people
^ Many Schools Have Accepted About two weeks ago Phillips sent out announcements to 106 colleges and univeisities thioughout the countiy Alieady moie than a score have indicated then desiie to compete Nneaily all oi the Big Teh schools have definitely made plans to bung teams Most all of the Hoosiei colleges as well as Miami, Ohio Wesleyan and Western Michigan Univeisitics have icceptcd invitations Even the Univeisity of Texas has willingly consented to send a team up heie Moic schools will definitely be added to Ihis list m the ncai iutuie «■ ► Freshmen May Compete In addition to the usu il vaisity events Phillips is planning to lun off a few fieshman i itts—possibly a couple of lelays It is no wondei, because this yeai s Boileimakei fieshman outfit looks like one of the best in a long time Although the mam attigction of the coming spectacle will be the numeious lelajs seveial individual events will add plenty of coloi and actio i to the eeeniiig s entci taiiiment ► Maybe Warmerdam Although nothint, definite has been woiked out as yet, theie will be, if at all possible sovctal woild famous tiackmen on hand to give indi vidual exhibitions Coilielius Waimeidam, by fai the greatest pole vaulter in ill tr ick histoir has been contacted, but no definite arrangements hive been woiked out as yet A personal exhibition by this sky SCI aping California athlete would be enough in itself to bung out most of the students and lesidents of West Lafayette
ence. I thought that a backward look at the origin and development of the rule might provide some inteiestmg back ground material
depai tment
The Confeience resumed its con tiol on December 7,\1918 At the most recent meeting of the Faculty Representatives Committee of the Western Conference the men
The Conference on November 25, -who have jurisdiction over eligibil 1904, passed a rule which required ity matters in the Big Ten voted one semester’s residence as a bona against abrogating the residence fide student in order to be eligible lule In a statement to the press to compete That was the beginning the committee said that if and when of a basic rule m the Big Ten.whicn the need arises another vote would
has nevei been changed In 1906 betaken That vote could be taken m §tl* * the Conference voted not to count at a special committee meeting or by / O §1/1111
summer sessions as a pait of the mail Under the White resolution residence requirement The year the regulation would become opera 1906 saw two special confeicnees tive after 60 days providing no called by Piesident Angell of the meinbei institution rejects the legis University of Michigan Out of lation (A \ote of a majority of the those meetings came a number of members is sufficient to pass any
Wrestlers Lose
By 16-12 Count
ARC
TODAY and MONDAY
Sfeinbeck Takes Over iowa Track Capt-aincy Captaincy duties on the Univei sity of Iowa track team, lelinquish ed by Leo raimei when he left foi the army, have been taken ovci by Kenneth Steinlieck senior pole vaultei from Rubio Steinbeck who placed i^ the in dooi and outdoor Big Ten meets of last season, \aulted 13 feet in the tiiaiigiilai meet to tie foi fust It was the best effort of his caieoi The caultci is one of the two le maining major letteimen on the de pleted Hawkeye squad He will lead the team loi the fust tune in the dual meet at Minnesota Feb 27
measure in the Confeience and should any school reject new legis lation within the time limit set up by the White resolution the measure can again be submitted to a vote If the majority again passes the measure it becomes operative and any school rejecting it is suspended
fiom the Conference )
The Big Ten has been histoiically against the use of freshmen on varsity athletic teams Oiiginally the one year lesidence rule was voted in
legulations which marked a significant advance in the contiol of intercollegiate athletics The special con feiences weio held on Januaiy 19 and 20, and Maich 9 On March 10, 1906, the Big Ten officially adopted a niimbci o:^ the regulations under discussion iiieluding one which
stated
“Eligible players must have met all entiance lequiiements, completed a lull year’s work and one year
of residence ’’
At that time it was also voted that to help eliminate proselyting and no freshman intercollegiate compe- tiamp athletes The Conference has tition would be allowed, that foot always maintained that inasmuch as ball schedules would be diastically intercollegiate athletes are a phjsi 1 educed to five games that giadu- cal social extension of education a ate students would npt be eligible student is piimaiily concerned with that tiaining tables and quarters doing a good job in his school woik would be prohibited and that It is generally a difficult transition coaches would be appointed only by from high school to college and a univcisity bodies “at model ate sal student may have some tioubK in aiies oiienting himself to new conditions / On June 9, 1917 a motion to sus ^he time which a student finds to pcnci the Confeience functions dm cUvotc to extia cuiuculai activities ing the wai failed ol adoption at the second year on docs not Big Ten meeting In 1918 the Stii come so readily to the freshman who
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
dent Aim^ Tiaining Corps weie established on college and university e rmpu-ies Many students lelt ■school foi military service Under S A T C Intelcolle.,iate athletics vii tually passed into control of the war depai tment and rthlctic fortunes varied undei the tenets of the local command int On Septembei 26,
FDR THE BEST lUCK TRY
GLEASON'S PIES
211 South St., West Lafayette
Phone 6839
Here’s a RUMOR you CAN spread . . .
CLOTHES LAST LONGER IF THEY ARE CLEANED OFTEN! Send a suit or dress to us and see how our scleutihe ‘s.iiiilone rieHiiing adds new lit<‘ to youi war time w ai dr ohe.
I
DIAL 7278
132 NORTHWESTERN
leal ns gradually duiing the first >eai how to use his time most offi
ciently
Fieshman teams are encouiaged at the picsent time and measures have been passed by the Big Ten to illow inteicolleginte contests be tween fieshman teams Such action IS in line with the Confeience policy on wai geared athletics and physi cal training At their December meetings, the directors of athletics of the member universities in discussing the matter of rescinding the residence rule were hesitant to lec ommend such action to the Faculty Representatives for feai that the program of expanded athletics for as many boys as care to participate might be letaided A few star fiesh m in athletes might make the vai sity squad ind dozens of other boys who were gaming direct training benefits might have those benefits eliminated I hope that you will be able to cull i iistlul line or two fiom the fore going notes which might have been die sed up into a logulai news re Ic ISC had time allowed Many thanks to j on all for your courtesy and loi the consideiate help many of you have given It has been r great plcasiuc to ha\e been it this desk duiing a time when is sues hive been clearIj drawn and when bisie rallies hive been biought to th( foie Until the day when we hive pknt\ of zinc and newsprint again so Ion,., Cordially IIM MAHER IM Schedules BASKUrBALL IMondaj lebiuaiy 22 Couit 4—Pilaiski, S Rudasics 7 00 Unit 2 vs Unit 5 7 15 Unit 1 vs Unit 6 8 10 Unit 4 vs Unit 7 Coiiit I—Buighaidt Mignin 7 00 Kneale vs Chauneey 7 15 Circle Pines \s Marwood 1 lie All C impus Ping Pong torn nainint w is finished this week with I I Holt/man as champion alter del eating W C Ilsiao in a iieiee 1) ittlo Incidentally, Iloltznian wis the winiiei of last year s All Cim pus Pin,^ Pong Ward Volleyball will be held Monday evening Regular matches start on Monday, March 1st
Prep Meet Won By Hammond; Boilermakers Shaded By lllini High School College
“Pops” Hairison coached the Iowa hall club that engaged Piggy Lambert’s Rireteis in last night’s tilt
Befoie a crowd of some 1,800 persons m the University of Illinois gymnasium yesterday afternoon, the Boilermakei wrestling team went down to a 16-12 defeat at the hands of Coach Niite Law’s Illini grappleis The meet started out going full tilt toward a complete route for the hosts The Riveteis came thru in the middle weights to make the affair take a slightly different outlook However, the points gaineied early m the meet hung too heavy ovei the Rivetei team to allow" a win for the Reeck-coached squad Veinon Singleton, Boilermaker ind Ed Beinaidoni, Illiiu sfaited the contest with the 121 pound 111 itch Beinaidoni seemed a head scissbis on ‘pmgloton and iin ned the slendei Boilermaker m the first period of the fray giving the
Ilhni i 5 to 0 lead Illini M in Anothci
In the 128 pound match Clint Sowaids Boileinnlei was pinned in the see ind peiiod This match stilted fist the Boileimakei liav 111 il c adv mil c in the lust three minute peiiod Duiing the second jiciiod John B utlcv slipped a .^lapevinc on Sowaids and pinned him with 1 miiiiite left to wiestle Nctfci slieini W ins \gdin The ] )6 pound Ji i\ featuring Danny Netteislieini Boilermaker, and Dick Romeisber.,cr Illini was won hind‘% down by Netteisheim Danny took his man oft his Icet at the start of each of the three pei lods and kept him on the defeiibive foi the yvhole nine minutes This makes thice out oi five that Nettei sheim has won this season Mai ion Stackhouse Boilermaker, and Roily Rayburn furnished the excitement in the 115 pound divi Sion the honors .^oing to the Illini by a 7 to 2 decision alter a well fought fight Ihit match was the first Stackhouse his paiticipated in Claseman Loses Hard One In one ol the hardest fought bouts, the 156 pound division Kirk Peiiy outpointed Roger Claseman Boileimakei 8 to 7 Perry was staggering when he took the ref eiee’t> position with one minute to yyiestlc but Clasemin couldnl quite pm the man yvhicli w is neces saiy to gainer him the fall Prom this raitch on the Boilei makers made a clem siieep ivin nm., in the 165, 175 and hea\y wemht divisions Vclm ii Davis started the party with a live to two decision ovei loin Eiiierdol Smei del lost the hay coming out on the small end of the 5 to 2 eount ‘Doc” Eviston Boileimakei 175 poiiiidci took to the ni it next a.,ainst Pete I rieis m y\h it yyas the fastest most energy eonsummg contest of the afternoon Eyiston oritiiomted his man 8to 1 Ruggicii Disappoints Crowd In the final m itch the heavy weight contest th it the huge eiowd yi lb him ly lor between Alex A.,aso All Amei le in touchdoyyii scoim ^uai 1 lioin Illinois and I 1 ink Rrugi.011 Boileinialei ind Bm Ion ehcinp in this wemht— thm-,s y\ ent just iboutthey\a\ the Boileimaler eh imp dietated Rug _icii y\oii the in itch 14 to 5 Ihis was the Inst tunc tnit A,, ise has been bi iteii this <r ison ind kiit sc moil KiUf,ieii w is the only man to will over the Illinois poweihouse
Hammond’s defending champions shaded a powerful squad fiom South Bend Central yesterday afternoon to take top honois m the annual IHSAA swimming meet yesterday afternoon The men from Hammond garnered a total of 37 points against Central’s 36 Lew Wallace of Gaiy ti ailed close be hmd the leaders with a total of 33 points New Records One new recoid was chalked up in the aftei noon s competition and still another was equalled The first record breaking performance came m the back stroke, when Nelson ace performer from Central ot South Bend the runners up splash ed his way to victoiy m the 100 ymid distance Nelson’s time in the event was 1 09 0 The old leeord of 1 09 9 was set by Molnar from Washington oi East Chicago m the 1941 meeting In the final event of the meet, the 200 yard fiee style relay, Lew Wall rce of Gary with Davis, Dodds, Dot roll and Mushinsky swam their way to a victory over the Hammond swimmers The time for the event was 1 41 0 which tied the record set by Hammond in 1941 Summaiy Ol Events 50 Yard Free Style—Won by'’ Giimla, Hammond, Mushinsky, Lew Wallace second Malangoni Wash ington, third, Muncy, Wiley, fourth, Garwood, Lew Wallace filth Time, 26 9 100 Yard Breast Stroke—Won by Borough South Bend, Apathy Himmond second, Davis, Short1 idge, thud, Huerta, Froebel, loruth, Olney Washington, fifth Time 1 15 7 220 Yaid Free Style—Won bv Gastineau, Shortiidge, Proctor, Shoitridge, second, Piendeigost, Hammond thud Goedecke Horace Mann fourth Miller South Bend, fifth Time 2 34 0 100 Yaid Back Stioke—Won by Nelson South Bend Spilious Lew Wallace second Dublak Ham mond thud Robeitson Hammond, ioiiith Tannehill Hoi ree Mann, fifth Time, 1 09 0 (new state record -—old state muk of 1 09 9 set by Molnar Washington, East Chicago, 111 1941) 100 Yard Fiee Style—Won by Don oil Levy Wall ice, Muncy Wiley second Pioctoi Shortiidge, thud, Davis Loyv Wallace fourth, Hevel South Bend fifth Time 1 00 2 Low Boaid Divim—Mon by Makielsyvi South Bend, Willis, Shoitiidge second, LgLaeff Ham mond, thud, Bruns, Lew Wallace, fouith Claik Washington, filth 150 Yard Medley Relay—Won by South Bend (Nelson Borough, Bradley), Hammond second, Shoitndge thud Lew Wallace, loLiirh Whiting fifth Time 1 32 2 200 Yard Relay—Won by Leyv Wallace (Dodds Davis Doiioll, Mushrnskyr), Hammond, second. South Bend thud, Horace Mann, fouith, Eioebel fifth Time 1 48 0 (lies st ite lecoid set by Hammond 111 1941 ) Final Team Standin,.,s Ham mond 37, South Bend 36, Lew Wallace Gaiy 33, Shoitndge In dianapolis 26, Horace Mann Gary 7, Wiley, Terre Haute 6, Washing ton East Chicago 5 Fioebel Gary 4, Whitin-, 2
hwa Ace
(line Nismith ha- been a stand out at the guild position tor the 11 in Keyes suiec tin stait ot the sta ■r Nrsnulh pro\td to Rnetei t uis
Playing host to the Illinois swimming team yesterday afternoon the Riveter tank team suffered its second defeat in four starts as the Illini rallied to take the final event, the 400 yard relay, and the meet by the score of 43-41 Dining the eouise of the meet the Riveter sophomore flash, Roy Heidke, chalked up another achievement to his ever growing list of accomplishments by lowering the Varsity 200 yard breast stioke time to 2 32 3 The old record, formerly held by Captain Joe Williamson, was 2 32 8 Riveters Win Medley By taking the 300 yard Medley Relay the Boilermaker mermen immediately jumped into the lead by a 6 3 count Ray Nihan, the Riveter anchor man, crossed the finish line more than half the length ot the pool ahead of Sadewatei Biekke of the Illinois led Cliff Eiiksen across the finish line in the 220 yard free style in a close race, with Biekke making the distance in 2 23 5 The Riveters jumped back into the lead as Captain Joe Williamson and Bill Snead finished onetwo m the 50 yard free style Williamson’s winning time was 24 7 seconds Illim Take Relaj The i-neet built up to a climax and the outcome was not decided until the final event was completed. The Boileimakeis held a two point lead going into the last event, the 400 yaid lelay, but saw that disappear as Biekke^was successful in staving off Joe Williamson's last second rally Williamson, swimming the anchoi leg of the relay, entered the race behind Biekke, and was able to close the distance separating them, but was unsuccessful in his attempt to pass Biekke Summary 300 Yard Medley Relay—^Wpn by Puidue (Dunn, Heidke, and Nihan), second, Illinois (Keii, Gill, and Sadewatei) Time, 3 11 7 220 Yaid Free Style—Won by Biekke (I), second, Eiiksen (P), thud. Roach (I) Time, 2 23 3 50 Yaid Fiee Style—^Won by Williamson (P), second, Snead (P), thud. Blown (I) Time, ^4 7 seconds Diving—^Won by Jeungst (P), second, Giubb (P), thud, Gill~(I) 100 Yaid Fiee Style—-Won by Meeland (I), tie foi second between Snead (P) and Bioyvn (I) Time 58 0 seconds 150 Yaid Back Stioke—^Won by Ken (I), second, Giuenleld (I); thud, Dunn (P) Time, 1 43 9 200 Yaid Bieast Stroke—Won by Heidke (P), second, Williamson (P), thud, Seidlei (I) Time, 2 32 3 (neyv varsity leeoid) 440 Yaid Fiee Style—Won by Biekke (I), second. Roach (I), thud, Eiiksen (P) Time, 5 25 1 400 Yaict Relay—Won by Illinois (DelVeento, Blown, Meeland, and Biekke), second, Puidue (Nihan, Snead Heidke and Williamson) fime 3 53 2 Final scoie Illinois, 43, Puidue,
41
Kotz Leads Badger Scoring; Sets Record Having knocked Indiana’s Hurryiiig Hoosieis out of the undefeated class m the Big Ten cage race Monday night, the University ot Wisconsin’s hot and-cold, up-and-down basketball quintet began cooking some plans which would let them plav anothei ‘ Jack the-Giant-Kill-ei ’ lole against the undefeated Illinois team last night at Champaign Coach Bud Fostei’s cagers played smait, fast basketball to beat In diana Monday night, 57-53, with John Kotz, Wisconsin’s star forwaid -.aineiing 19 points to bleak the Big Ten scoring leeordtor three yeais’ competition onee set by Jewell Young ot Puidue at 465
points
Kotz bent into the Monday night game yy ith a total ot 453 points, and the 19 points he rang pp on fiye held goals and nine fiee throws bioiuht his new total to 472 points Sigma Alpha Epsilon social fiateiiuly announces the luitiitioii ot the following men lohn R Hotsel Ktwantia, Edward
b Sihms, Evuiston, III, Rtehaid H Stuuhouse Indianapolis, Johq
* 4 11<;\ j vUZl'^
list night tint lu ha been well- b I uiiont Foi t Wayne, Audi ew E.
^-4 4U. ..••.ms rniYllVririk. Tt. « «
deseiMiig ol the pi use gi'en him
thus i^ai this i eai
t ummiiis Canoiisbutg, Pa , John S.
I’owell Miehio,an City.A
v>
Puge 4
Purdue Exponent
Sunday^ February 21, 1943
Coed Bureau Offers Booklet
Placement Service Pamphlet Deals With Training Facilities Placement Sen ice for Women has published a new bulletin which will be of special interest to freshman and sophomore women and those planning to enter the University in the near
future
The main purpose of the booklet as stated in the preface is to help women understand more clearly in what way they can best serve, both during these —
few years of war and during ^q/IVO
the many yeai’s of peace. The booklet lists in alphabetical or-
(Contmuecl fiom page 1)
der apportunities and tiaming calhnsi the Chambei of Com
meice office in the Wallace Build
to be had in fields ranging from agricultuie to the WAVES It should help ^\omen to focus then in teiests, and to deteiniine how the^ may best fit theinsehes foi seivice in a woild which now needs tiained
w omen
Vttracti^e Blue Co>ei The booklet has been published
ing Membcis wfl be allow'ed up to toui lesciced seat tickets The faculty Ilia'S get tickets at the office ot the Piesident oi the Univeisit-^ b\ Maich 1 Students will be ad nutted In slowing thou passpoits Pul Deko Light On Maiket Ml Ketteiing was bom ncai
undei the title, “Puidue Tiains Loiidonville, Ohio, in 1905 He beW^omen to Seme in W'ai and Peace’ ...an woiking with the Stai TeleUndei an attiactive blue coiei phone Company and latei with the shoiMng a gate to the couit of Resi electiical depaitmcnt ot the Nadence Halls, subjects have been list- tional Cash Registci Company in cd including business, civil seivice, Dayton, Ohio In the lattei job he
electionics entomology, floiicultuic louinalisra pie-tiaining, photog laphj, ph\ sical and occupational
began his woik with inventions His lighting and ignition device foi automobiles latei became known as
Delco light toi lighting tai m houses In 1911 Di Ketteiing oi-
theiapy pic-taiining, and pie law, Delco He put on the maiket the
as well as the well known engineeiing and homo economics couises
Each of these topics includes a list ganized the Da\ton Metal Pioducts of jobs and oppoitunities in these Compaii'\, and latei lounded the fields Couises giving the student IMoiaine Paik School
training foi these jobs aic then
listed
To Release Book Tuesdaj
Ml Ketteiing is Cnan man of the Boaid ot the Wintei’s National Bank and Tiiist Companv, ti ustee
The date foi the lelease of the gj Antioch College, and loiindei,
booklet has been set foi next Tues- -^Mth Col E A Deeds, ot day, Fehiuaiy 23 Copies may be ‘Delco” Domestic Building had at the offices of the Residence iPese aie only a low of his Halls, in the AWS office, and at the complishments
office of Placement Seivice foi Women by those who ai e iiiteiested
the Co
Game
Hanley
(Continued fiom page 1) Ehlers staited the second half just where he had left off in the fiist peiiod by scoiing on a two hand push shot fiom the side Two fine pivot shots by Elmei Biddle and anothei basket by Ehleis sent the Boileimakers into an eight point lead, which they nevei lelinquished Tommy' BiO'Wei chopped in a free tliiow befoie Ehleis scoied anothei basket on a beautiful bounce pass fiom Biggs to bung the scoie up to 32 20 Triekey tallied on a pivot shot, followed by a long one by' Biggs Tiickey pushed thiough two baskets in lapid ordei to bung the count to 37 to 27 Baskets by Kennedy, Lundstedt and Tiickey bi ought the count to 41-31 with about five minutes to play Kennedy, Biowei and Ehleis completed the Boileiniakei scoiing for the evening The Summar's Puidue (49) EG FT PF TP Biggs, f 3 12 7 Brow ei, f 112 7 Menke, c 0 0 4 0 Kennedy c 6 0 1 12 Fiiend, g 0 0 10 Biddle, g 2 0 14 Mon IS, g 0 0 1 0 Ehleis, g 8 11 19
(Continued fiom page 1) leason m 1936-37 the touiney was
stailed
Possible Pities Possible titles aie “Ajtei the Wai, What‘S”, “Paying Foi the Wai,” “Keeping Oui Supply Line Sale,” “What oi the Little Man''” 01 any economic subject ielating to the piesenl conflict Speeches foi the pielimiiiaiies should be about file minutes in length, while those in the finals may talk Joi about se\on minutes It is the lule that a membei liom each ot the economics, speech, and seveial ol the engineeiing Jaculiy be piesent to judge the contest Ihe judges will be announced latei Fuithei inloimation concerning any' phase oi the contest may be ob tamed iiom Beit Squiei mana„ei oi the contest 'Engineer' Staff Meets n Union
Totals loyva (15) Tiickcy,1 Lundstecll, 1 O’Bi len, c 1 hompson c Nesmith, g Humphiey, g Vacanti, g
22 5 15 49 FG FT PF TP
Totals 13 9 11 15 Scoicathali Puidue 22 Iowa 19
Free thiow s missed Biowci Ken ^C3CI3
nedy, Moms Biddh Ehleis (1)
Tiickey, Lundstedt OBiicn (2),
Nesmith (2) Humphiey (1) kefeiec, R I Gibbs St Ihomas, umpiie, E C Ki legci, Ohio L nn ci
sity
Puidue Lngineci, campus en..,i ncenng publication wi'I hold a meeting this atte'noon in the In gineci olhce at the Ijnion 0 L By lei loircman oi the L day die Piintin Compain will uc tin .^iiest speakei Bylci is well in loi med on jiiinting technicalities, na\ iiif, been issociatcd with the
company ioi many ycais
All camiHis luiblication stalls aie welcome to attend the meeting All iicshmen and sojihomoics aie csiiecially asked to attend the meet m„ as they will be the students who will manage the publicaluns
in the yens to come
J<oUowinq^
JtuL
J<oundai]ijonA. Today is the Student Univeisal Day of Piayei all ovci the United States This special clay is sponsoied by the Woild Student Chiistian Fedeiation and is a call to piayci ot all the students in the countiv On the Univeisity campus it IS endoised by the Univeisity Student Wai Council, and is being obseiyed in each chuich in then
own wav
This evening aftei the 6 30 suppei at the Wesley Foundation, Rey Doy le Mullen oi the Laiayette Chiistian Chuich will speak on “Maintaining a Sound Mental Health in Wai lime ” The woiship seivice loi the eeening piogiam has been planned by Mailin Espeiishade Ihe sailois and CuitissWiight caclettes aie eoidially in vited to attend this meeting The Rogei Williams Foundation Foium Houi at 5 30 p m (a change 111 the legulai tunc) will featui c Di Geoige Scaiseth tioin the Aguciiltuie Depaitmcnt Di Scaiseth will discuss “Intel-Anieilean Relations ” He has been to Ccntial Ameiica on 17 difteient tiip^This is the second annoneement ol the comm., ol Di Joseph Rob bins ol Now Yoik City and piesi dent oi the Noithoin Baptist Con vention to speak to the students oi the Univeisity on Fiiclay at 4 15 in the loundation looni oi the West Lafayette Baptist Chuich Di Rob bins has had much e\poi lence with students anc( his also tiaveled all ovei the woild All students ai c m yited to this meeting Ho will sjieak igaiii Fiiclay' evening at 7 10 m the Fust Baptist thuich ol Laiay-
ette
The Chi istiaii loundation fiosh man Couitship and Mima o touisc which was mnounced not long ago has been pio\ing voiy successful 1 he eliss meets evcM luesday evening m Rev Rev i old home iiom 7 30 to S iO and ovoi 20 lioshman cds and coeds aic on lolled The textbook bem^ used is Fioni liiendship to Mamage by Roy Buikhaidt oi tolumbus, Dhio Farm Groups Fight Shortage Sixty ioui iai m woikeis sent to the Univeisity by the Faun Secui ity' '^dmmistiatio 1 toi a one week couise have finisied then woik They' have been given an oiipoi tunity to woik with maehneiv undei the diicction of the Univei ..ity iaiin still 3^hcse people w ill now be placed on laiins m noithein , nd ccntial Indiana \ heie thev will help allcvi, ate th( Inm laboi shoitage Next week ai even lai.-ei ..loup will come to the Univeisity
'‘Hon. spy repot t biilliani purchase ot Brooklyn Bridge in U. S.
—says Will make plentitui ot much needed scrap ”
Andv ITarfl\., olhoiwis< Muke'\ Roono\, finds aiiolhtr new and niftv Iioait!)eat in ‘*\nd> Haid^**!) Double i ito, ’ M (f-IM’s laUsi picture in the llardv 1 atnil> sertes. She is iKaulilul L^llni W Ilham's, ioiinor national b^viinniing ihaiupion. Appiopnal< Iv, Mukev and Lsihoi meets beside a sMimiuin^ pool in the him now at the laia>etl( rinalie.
Skirtless Coed Receives Blow Some people dieam oi doing sueli things One coed did it Aiiiiaicntly Fiiday night must have been quite a night ioi hci M hen she got up on Satuiday moining ioi hci ten o’clock, she ioi got to stick hci head 111 the show Cl 4.bout half way to class the unknowing coed opened hei coat only' to come to the sud den icali/ation that she was minus a skiit Hci sw eaten and “diekie ’ vveie flawless but no skiit' A.iiothci
coed late to class
Hillel Members Vkttin bundu il ^ 0 in the UiII 1 Hmst Then will be diiKiiv supici ind i ])i R) im Bt then PIIRSCHI ILID Vttnities Bnieiu Iiiinors Mcttniu nl HI I intoi MuiiRtis M ind Jtliuiiv 22 in til iilhc R1CKM\N Irilon Initiition I<biiiu> 2i C<nnt ul i\ iLUnduut {. f UK ml) is ind jlcdk - W All RBUK\
hold Peppers W It Wt ! R c 1 tun 1 i m M luin
Uion woi 1 I IS rt poi ( m t f the Unit n u I\I icDON VI n
1 n/ inccr Sfnff Mcinlicrs Inij i rt int m t imr t I) thi ilUiiutn in ofht Ml ti hmtn ml stjh morts bt tluu KIMPRI 1 I Militniv Students A ,,ioui) of foui utl ni (iliTi n 111 ul j( ct 'Vu! i if t 1 ic nlih li n tok''tth(i with i film biilltlin ii ini Ih \11) i n Pj \ n L R!( un (s w ill bt si w n n Ih^ 1 I 111 W dnts(i ,v 1 bn I I i j n \!i nnlitm st d nf>, ut ituittd t lU 1 I S kj n w ill 11 I OIK h ui MMl H
AWS
LlIlV
Boird Mictin/ liU'.di I AWS fht COUMIIWAIU
Notices
JSo Notices ^\lll be net opted for this cohinin after 6pm on the da> preceding? the issue ■Na\> \ 1 V ) and \ 7 Akmliois of N i 5 1 niisud K stML vsh d) ii t hist pttltl (ar<i to pioNt number hip in Im N i\ > Rt s I \ L shoul 11 u t n an i 1 icc .in I dll of iniucfion homi iddicss ind cl is i fic iti n in in\ office \ i t ust Icr th sc Cl is will bt mule to the Ofhtc oi Null Ofht 1 1 rot 111 riKiit KNAIP
( Iinstnn Science OrRini/ation lv< uul n I tn in i m 0 uf th Ui i n t Ui in 1 u d i\ ( vt nin I t b _ bOAIMI R
Dolphin ( Iiib Inn
0
M ttin} W dne d
the Unn
duwl 1) M
WIOMS
F wii) be Sit-
Classified Ads ROOMS ART NCLDED 11 ha\( oiu—b'l the siudeiUs know in 1 In Ixpoiionl C lajssifitd \<ls ( ill—800 > 1 ir* ul itioii.
Alpha Phi Omeffa Iho iHnco
Lii 1 u r I ^ in tho Last 1 icully I uin o li nn I I) 11 ID j) m All ictucs iic lo in 1 dt d 1 (an Lht u i !cdj-.t b ) u ds in to oiu I I th (diet! is soon as possible Pltd^^t in til R ill 1 li Feb 3 in loom 30 iL 10 J\<tuti\t mttiinr iuesdas Icb in 1 tm n it S 0 All committees sh i ild I th r ndtlhti ictuts uc invite 1
GOSSWl IN
DeMolays \ nn I (i wil! he held it the icii ii it inili 1 lut n \t Ihuisdij I 1 I )(i 1 m Ml Df Mt 1 us aic toidi illv \ it d t iLl ! 1 1 h 1C \ ill I 1 1 1 t\ 1 t,..iu{ts Iti il Jk 11 eshint nt will be I IIORIF
BiiMle for ■ ind itk 11
W intcd—1 i nt I UR 1 i u no \Vt
n 2S0 5 (|Ui t ni il
A Ph V \ Ih i will b
t th \m : tin \ I ni
itt t d u I
t lids will I
t it i nm nt I Ik I iiU
1 M m IV octmn^tlu Suidt nt Bi inch m ict i tic il V ot i i ( idiiik invit (i 1
Ur
It S
ires t th will I t s
m 12H
V\Uf HAN
th
.N
DR. PAUL A RISK
DR. LUTHER A
RISK
DR HAROLD J
RI.'^K
— DENTISTS
400-404 Schultz
Bldg
4th and Main Sts
Phone 5701
Army
social liatcimtv announces the initiation ol Dick Nelson, Ho
liaii, Maui ICC Bools CUiks Hill,
Douglas Hoiih, Indianapolis, Rob
cit Blue, leaneck. New Jei^ey, Ldsel Yailing, Elwood, Wallace
Pope, I inton
(Continued fiom page the Univeisity Joi the splendid at titude they have shown thus lai by voluntanly' agieemg to tui n then looming facilities oyei to the aimy This gioup yvill be the fiist to be sent heie undei the Joint Aimv Navy specialized tiaining plan yvhich was oiganized to supjily' the aimed seivites with technically ti allied men
Prof. F. C. Hockema assistant to the picsidcnt, and Pi oi C M Beese head ol the dcpaitmenl oi ...encial engineeiing, jctuincd today iiom Abcideen, Md , whcie they inspected some ncyy teaching woik being devclojied thcie by Iho aimy Iry an Exponent Classified!
/ - ^ <
PERFUME Inclisciclc” Peiiiimc in its famous Cl y stai flacon liolcis dreams, dcliglils, and {gladness for a lovely peison. She will adore you lor choosing so flaltcring a gilt. $5 to $28
DECKER’S
/ . „„
518-20 Main St.
Phone 5036
$3.50 NOW
. 0EBiiS Mailed Anywhere in U. S. for 25c Extra
BMBBI
l\pcwritcrs AddiiiR machines ill ititI es Id rent 1 i puicil uid i urch iscd MimcoJ 1 U h w i! lone C J FbcishofT bOo M un,
1 if ij ctlc 1 hone 2 9
Money to iKian On di imonds wntchos, Riin luRTiRc typtwiitcib AllArt s Loan
on ICO 10( Columbii
University Calendar
Week of February 21-27
Sunday, February
21
2 15PM
Boy Scout Lcidcis
L r iculty Lge , Union
Monday, February
22
All Dav
Iiid llamp Bids A.ssn \ii Sale
Livestock Judging Pav
12 noon
A,gi Staff I uiiclicon
E T acuity Lge , Union
4 00 P M
Committee on Stitc of Univiisily
Room 203, Union / So Ball oom. Union ^
7 0(> P M
PI A Dance Class
Tuesday, February
23
4 00 P M
R iLioniiig
No Balhoom, Union
1 00 P i\I
PI V Fc i Dance
So B illi oom. Union
7 00 P M
Alpha 7cti Met Lin,
I\oonj 2 52 Union 1
7 50 I^ M
Puidue Fly mg t 1 b
Room 212 Union
7 50 P M
UndoigiaduaU Dumes Mectii g
Room 2()5 Union
7 30 P M
Vlpha Phi Omcf a
Pooiii >07, Union
7 30 P \1
( hiisliin ScKiicc Meeting
Room 5 )2 Union
S 00 P \I
(jiaduate Dames Puty
W Faculty Lge , Union
Wednesday, February 24
9 00 V M
Sp uiisb Clas^-
Room 212 Union
1 00 P M
Rationin„
No Balhoom, Union
7 50 PM
Intel Vaisity tliiis Fcllowsliip
Room 307, Union
7 50 PM
Mdi 1 lagc Com iC
V F iculty Lge , Union
7 50 P M
((invocation—A P Hull Lcciuic
H ill oi Music
Thursday, February 25
5 00 P M
Sciccn Review
Hilloi Music
7 00 P M
How to Studv Ciuuip
Room 507 Union
7 OOP M
Lla Kapfia Nu Smokci
W F iculty Lge , Union
4 00 P M
Rationing
No Balli oom. Union
Friday, February 26
4 00 P M
Cosnio|)olil 111 ( lull
Room 504, Union
8 50 P iM
PI 4 D luc
So Balhoom, Union
8 30 P M
Alpha Pill Om i
E Faculty Lge , Union
8 50 PM
Phi Mu Dii(c
W Faculty Lge , Union
Crt'aler j)(‘riorsiiaEM*<‘ lor all your wardrobe when ilk (loasu'd ‘■‘"Ko^alarly”, You’ll approve of lliis fiiit'r lauiitiry spr\irp . . . j^ood workmanship, proinplno'-s and <h'p<‘ ndabh‘.
Phone 4081
DELIVERY FREE
Nodhv/esierri at Vine Street BgWMagyiBgiataiBBiwaiuiMMMi ■uhhwh'iiiuhbb $Ioo After March 1