I ^ A U -iV .CM ; ' 1
^ *<• n ^ ^ ^ K 5M » v’^ V^>» * " I /" ■ViO'
^ Notre Dame 61 Carnegie Tech 0
Fordham 24 Pittsburgh 12
Indiana 10 Iowa 6
Michigan 28 Illinois 0
Minnesota 13 Ohio State 7
Northwestern 27 Wisconsin 7
^ Read how "the editor sees" the past week of campus news and events on page four, and then
scan the front page columns for .. ^ next week s news.
'Old faces fn MW pfacas' swaii op the ‘IxpeiMiif' stafris peas* ent situation, bnt we'es (aeking forward to saeingl f«« aS at "Open-House" next Smidap.
j0a//^ S/*T^4S
Volume 52, No. 36
West Lafayette, Lidiona
Sunday, October 20, 1940
John Thomas Will Sing In Music Hall Thursday
Large Attendance Expected At Noted Baritone's Program Coming to the University for the semester’s second regular convocation, John Charles 'Thomas, internationally known baritone soloist, will sing in the Music Hall Thursday night at 8 o’clock. The doors will open at 7:15. Because of large anticipated student attendance, there will be no sale of tickets to the general public. Admission will be by passport and season ticket only. Born in Pennsylvania a clergyman’s son, Thomas, in spite of apparent musical talent, took an interest in medicine and almost became a doctor. However, the arts finally claimed him when he was awarded a scholarship by the Peabody Conservatory in Baltimore. Starred In ‘Maytime’ He soon found his place in light opera and starred in the well-known Gilbert and Sullivan productions and in “Maytime” and “Apple Blossoms.” But this was only the beginning. Experience and training prepared him for grand opera and he launched his career at the Eoyal Opera House of Brussels. Upon returning to the states, he took to the opera circuit and for the past SIX seasons has sung with the Metropolitan Opera Company. Yacht Is Home When not singing, Thomas makes himself a boatman. His personal navy consists of a six-unit flotilla, chief among which is a 101-foot sea-going yacht called the “Masquerader.” The yacht is his only home. His apartment in New York City IS only maintained in the role of business quarters to accommodate his “land-lubber” associates. Although he makes a habit of including many songs in English on his programs, Thomas is strongly opposed to most accepted translations and prefers to sinig many favorites in the tongue in which they were written. r.m.s.
Dad's Day Football Game Tickets Go On Sale This Tuesday Tickets to the Dad’s Day football game on November 23, will be sold starting Tuesday at the entrance to the south ballroom from the great hall of the Union. There will be four hundred tickets available at three dollars for this game against Indiana university. The ticket sale, under the auspices of the Student Union, will be limited to one ticket per student. At the time of purchase, the customer’s passport will be stamped. Providing the Indiana stub of the passport has not been removed, the purchaser may receive another ticket. Twenty-eight cents must accompany the passport stub. This charge covers the tax. “Students can only receive two tickets” stated Doug McDaniels, Student Union vice-president. “One for himself and another for his Dad. These tickets are not in the student section.” e.w.n. Students Get "Six Lessons* In La Rhumba “Six Lessons From Madam Lazonga” became “About Pour Lessons From Bauman and Kroll” last night at the Union mixer in the north ballroom as nearly 260 couples danced to the music of Wayne McIntyre and his Indiana Statesmen and both marveled at and partook of rhumba steps by Bob Bauman and Florence Kroll. Bauman did training work for dance numbers “Of Thee I Sing” and “Sweethearts” and has been PIA dance instructor. Bauman said Friday night that the rhumba lessons would “be enough to give everyone a lot of fun, and it should introduce some variety.” They were, and it did. j.a.p.
Exponent Moves To New Home For Fifth Time In Forty Years
By Aesop Fable Exponent moves again. It’s an old, old story we see by our files. Since that memorable day in 1889 when the Exponent first appeared as a 26-page monthly, the paper has grown physically as well as journalisticallji^and with the increase in s^aif and equipment the publication has found it necessary to find new, larger and more workable quarters. 4th Street Offices The Exponent’s first offices were in the upper rooms of the residence of Doc Thompson at 224 North Fourth street, across from the Fowler Hotel. From there the offices moved into others in the same block but farther up the street. Although the editorial offices were jumping like they had the hives during this time, the physical plant of the paper remained stationary, in the Haywood Building, at Fifth and Ferry streets, where it is today. Editorial offices then migrated toward the printing plant, obviously in an effort to consolidate the puttin’ out of a paper. Moves Into Union With the new Union, Exponent
took its cue and the editorial offices were moved from the Haywood Building into rooms D and E of the Union, while the business offices remained on Fifth and Ferry where they are today, and the sports lads took over an office in the Fieldhouse. This all took place in September of 1938. For almost a year and a half, the restless editorial staff stayed put in Rooms D and E. Then on February 1 of 1940, it cqyered its typewriters and prepared to" move again. But this time the trail led only across the hall to the offices previously occupied by the alumni association. More room and better light served as an incentive. ^ Now, for the second time in the same year, the nomad paper has done it again. A Real Office This time the Exponent has outdone all its moving efforts in the past, and inhabits the biggest and most “newspaperish” office in its career of offices, with separate offices for the three senior editorial officials, and a “horse-shoe” desk. It’s big, too.
Freshmen Vote Next Tuesday For Green Potter Officers Passports Necessary To Vote, Senate States / University freshmen will go to the polls in the Union on Tuesday to choose officers of Green Potters, official organization of the freshman class. Polls will be open to freshmen upon presentation of passports at the election desk in the old West Desk niche of the Union between the hours of 8 a. m. and 6 p. m. Freshmen will vote on the following men: Bob Clifford and Peter Schwab for president; Jack Harris and Bob Bachmann for vice-presi-dent; Robert Isacki and John Houston, jr. for secretary; and Fred Meyer and J. Lewis Gardner for treasurer. According to statements by the Student Senate, sponsor of the election, freshmen must present their passports to receive a ballot. Senate officials also said that candidates are prohibited from campaigning, near the election desk. Skull and Crescent, sophomore honorary, will conduct the election. e.g.k. Rayniak, Knotts Top Decoration Contest For Military Ball Military Ball committee yesterday announced that Joe Rayniak, Beta Theta Pi, and Nancy Knotts, WRH West, are winners of the decoration contest sponsored by the ball committee. They will be given complimentary tickets to the dance. The judges were unanimous in their decision. The names of the entrants were concealed from the judges until the winners had been chosen. There were some similar designs, but no duplications in details. Rayniak’s plans feature the seal of the United States army flanked by the insignia of the field artillery and based by the Scabbard and Blade key. The colors will be red, white, blue and gold. Of the two co-eds that made entries, Nancy Knotts won because of originality. Her plans featured the “Esquire-man” with his bulging eyes and bountious mustache dressed in a soldier uniform and surrounded by “Petty” girls backed with an American flag, e.w.n. 350 Couples Attend 'Conscription' Triad Approximately 360 couples attended the annual Triad sponsored by Sig^a Phi Epsilon, Lambda Chi Alpha and Phi Kappa Sigma fraternities last night in the south ballroom of the Union. Phil Levant and his orchestra played for the “Conscription Dance.” Gale Robbins and Don Gordon were featured vocalists during the dance. Miss Robbins has Jieen chosen by several prominent artists and photographers as the perfect model. Phil Levant and his orchestra have recently completed an engagement in the Bismark Hotel and the College Inn in Chicago, m.n. Model Airplaners ,.. will meet tomorrow afternoon at Miller’s Field for “free-for-all” model airplane events from 1 to 6 o’clock. Would-be contestants are advised to take route 62 northwest to the gravel road by the golf course and then turn left. The first field on the left will be Miller’s field, j.a.p.
Exponent Moves Into New Offices In Union Basement
Exponent's New Offices
EXPONENT PHOTOGRAPH BY ARCHIBALD THE EXPONENT STAFF yesterday initiated its new offices in the basement of the Union. A portion of the staff, above, goes to work in the new offices for the photographer. The Editor Says... "Today marks the end of a nomandie wandering by the editorial staff of the 'Exponent.' Ever since the founding of the paper the editorial staff has been forced to move continually because of crowded or inconvenient locations. "In spite of all these difficulties, the 'Exponent' has never missed a publication date and has succeeded in establishing itself as one of the leading newspapers in the collegiate field, and is so recognized by the Associated Collegiate Press Association. "Now with spacious quarters to take care of our ever-expanding staff we expect to 'take root' and grow into 'the best' college daily in the country. Today is indeed a great day for the 'Exponent'!" R. W. DONAHUE.
Playshop Production Of 'Susan And God' Starts Wednesday; Taylor Plays Lead Role Opening its series for the present '
school year on Wednesday night at 7:80 o’clock, Playshop, tinder the direction of Ken Carmichael, will present “Susan and God,” a light
comedy.
Performances of “Susan and God” will be Wednesday through Saturday nights. The play will start at 7:30 o’clock on the first two nights and at 8 o’clock on Friday and Saturday. A few reserved seat tickets are still available and the general admission tickets may be secured at the door on the night of the per-
formance.
the set and announces that the construction will be completed tomorrow. Part of the action takes place in the home of one of Susan’s friends and the rest in the Trexel
home.
Most of the members of the cast have had previous experience in major Playshop productions. Tickets for the play may be obtained at the new Playshop offices in the rear of Eliza Fowler Hall.
m.j.f.
Vinton “Sis” Taylor is taking the part of Susan, a rather young woman intensely interested in the new fad of religion. Susan tries to help or reform her friends in the play, but refuses to apply this idea of religion to her own family trouble. Her husband, Barrie, played by Bill Heath, is very much in love with her but is a heavy drinker and causes a number of scenes. Their daughter. Blossom, played by Dorothy Ann Canfield, brings them together for one summer and the play takes place during that time. Friendq^ of the Trexels Other members of the cast take the parts of friends of the Trexel family and include, Jean Montgomery as Irene, George Bancroft as Michael, Marianna Duke in the role of Charlotte, Dick Coleman^ as Hutchins and his wife Leonora as played by Mary Alice Miller. Dick Pittenger is Clyde while Philip Henze and Shirley Canning take the parts of Leeds and Leontine, respectively. Deam Heads Set Crews The crews have been organized and are working during the dress rehearsals. William Deam, of the speech department, is in charge of
Banquet To Feature 'Movies' Of Campus Colored motion pictures which were taken on the campus recently will be shown at the second annual Purdue-Teachers Banquet to be held at 6:30 o’clock Thursday evening at the Columbia Club in Indianapolis. The pictures include interior and exterior shots of the University buildings, the Cord Parade, the Butler game and members of the staff. Attendahce at the banquet will be limited to four hundred guests, according to a statement received from the banquet committee. Last year more than five hundred persons were admitted and more, than ope hundred were turned away. e.k. t Mrs. E. B. Baugh ... wife of the University alumni secretary, was taken to the Home Hospital Friday fop a “rather serious operation.” Last night E. B. Baugh reported her “doing well.” j.a.p.
Copy-Desk, Senior Offices Features Of New Ouarters The Purdue Exponent, University student daily, held its own “M-Day” yesterday when Saturday’s editorial staff moved furniture, typewriters and files into its new offices, room 48 in the basement of the Union, and at the same time put out this morning’s paper. Today’s paper initiates not only the new offices but also the new “banner” across the top of Hie front page. A statement from R. W. Donahue, editor, concerning the paper’s new set-up is printed at the left. New offices are reached by 'entering the basement by the west door and turning into the fir§t door on the right, or by coming in the north door and entering the door at the^ end of the hall. The left-hand door at the end of the tunnel leading from the bowling alleys also leads into the offices. ‘Horse-shoe’ Desk Main features of the new offices are separate offices for the Hiree senior editorial officials of the paper, Donahue, J. H. McKee, news editor, and D. K. Heiple, managing editor, and the Exponent’s first “horse-shoe” desk, lighted by two flourescent lamps above it. Both of these innovations are shown in the picture on this page. xThe copy-office itself is 75 by 46 feet, and contains typewriter tables against the south wall, and tele-, phone booths in the northwest corner. Office Equipment New furniture for the seniors’ offices, and for the copy-office is expected to arrive* this week. All of the office equipment has been purchased through the Exponent treasury, Editor Donahue said yesterday. Because the offices are not yet in the ‘polished stage,’ open-house will be delayed until .Sunday afternoon, a week from today, the day following Homecoming. All students, faculty members, alumni and friends will be welcomed to the offices at the open-house. j.a.p. Thaeles . . . sorority announces the pledging of the following co-eds: Doris Freedman, South Bend; Sally Kan, Gary; Lois Kraus, Gary; and Marjorie Brown, Gary. e.g.k.
The Night Editor's Corner
Yesterday Was Fun .].. and fury as the staff held its own private ‘‘M-Day,” and moved furniture, files, furnishings and finery down into our new offices in the basement of the Union. “Saturd^’s children” meanwhile worked on wii^h typewriter and racking brain to knock out thi^ morning’s paper. Hey, don’t move that typewriter yet, I'm using it! And, gee, it looks like the Bxponent has come into its own at* last. Now we look like the newspaper we are. Come on down and visit with us sometime. j.a.p.ili
' I
ThX . '
■;
PURDUE EXPONENT
Suiiday< October 20> 1940
The British seem to have gotten tired of listening to the little men of Nippon beat on their chests and holler about what they’re going to beat out of who. Anyway, they opened the Burma road again. And the same day. Main street was closed. Must be some military significance.
We always figured this was an important military objective. Wha;t with the airport, and the Monon, and the Wabash. Which reminds us of our promise to defend aforementioned stream against Adolph. And we will. Eve ijave to wade in mud up to our knees.
An extension has been granted to would be draft dodgers. To dodge in and put their John Henry on the dotted line before the big drawing. The way v?e look at it, after a few days of trying to get a drink without one of those little white cards. They won’t think registration is so bad after all.
One thing about this lottery is that the winner doesn’t have to worry about long lost aunts and uncles and cousins and other distant relatives. They won’t be trying to move in for a split of the gravy. We figure they’ll be making themselves mighty scarce. So he won’t send his wife to live with them.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of ConKress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of/postage provided .for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published. daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carHer for J8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.50. Editor-in-Chief.... R. W. Uonahne Business Manager...... Merle Hagemeyer
Publication Staff News Editor J. H. McKee Managing Editor i............... K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W, RuCner, R. M, Skallerup, J. L. Traugott. ' Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. E. DaUglemajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, A M. Rectenw^d. Co-ed Staff Editor —1 Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Ray Miller,.Ruth Rose, Donna SieSB. Sports Staff Editor. ........J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. E. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phones: Ediorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Ihc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madisonj^ Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This issue
Night Editor: Purcell Day Editor: Miller Issue Editor: Nordlinger Night Sports Editor: Swaim Sophomore Staff: E. G. Kieper, R. A. Tewksbury, J. F. Amos, Margaret Fuller, Martha. Jane Fox and Mary Nitsche.
500,000 is quite a membership for any organization, it’s even bigger than the Elks.
That registration is a mighty big thing, though. 16,- But not very exclusive.—dkh
Last Week For Co-eds Dr. Bertha Rose
To Enter Dance Club
This is the last week that any new co-eds may come out for Modem Dance Club. The club is closing its acceptance of new members now because it is starting definite practice for various programs planned for this semester. The group meets on Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 4 o’clock.
. . . of the Student Health Service, Will talk on “Infections of the Feet’’ tomorrow afternoon at 4:46 o’clock in the Women’s Gymnasium. The lecture is open to all those interested in the Subject. j.a.p.
Mortar Board: Put addressed invitations in wire basket in WSGA office. Get key at West desk. —TERSTEGGE.
Undergraduate Dames: Rough initiation will be held at the home of Mrs. H. S. Gerstung, 140 South Salisbury st., . Tuesday, October 22, at 7:30 p. m. All eligible are urged to attend. —GERSTUNG.
All Cheer Leaders: Check on scholastic index at once. Men and women both and bring results to me. —ZUCK.
Classified
Ads
The Senior Dance Club will meet on Tuesday night this week instead of the regular night, Thursday. The senior club is working on a dance to be presented at the WAA sports banquet in November. m.k.m.
FOR SALE
Clev-eland Purdue Club: Meeting Monday, October 22, at 8 p. m. in room 212 of the Union. —STEVENS.
RusB-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone, 2407.
Senior Military: Training films covering home cavalry and mechanized cavalry in action will be shown Monday, October 21, at 4 p. m. in room 105 of the Armory. Attendance is voluntary. -^MAJOR WORKMAN.
Typewriteris and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.50. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
Tau Beta Pi: Meeting of all actives, Tuesday, October 22, 7:30, for election of pledges. Meeting will be held in room 263 of the Union. —MONTGOMERY. Scriveners: Meeting on Sunday, October 20, at 7i30 p. m. in room 261 of the Union. —RIEGLE.
Lambert Reduces
Room For Rent: Clean and desirous room and board, only 1 block from the campus. For further information call 66014.
Frosh Net Squad
Rooms in hew insulated brick home. Private entrance, single beds, tiled shower. Reasonable. Phone 2143. .
Student Senate: All members and workers sign up in Senate office immediately listing free hours for work on Green Potter’s election next Tuesday, October 22. —WALLEY.
Reducing the freshman basketball squad from 54 players to a group easier to handle. Coach Ward Lambert invites the following frosh to continue practice at the regular afternoon session: Swantz, Lawson, Menke, Reeser, Lantz, Lake, Waldon, MqGraht, Elting, Dickman, Brower, Friend, Hipp, Wooden.
Lost: Sigma Nu pin engraved F. E. L. BZ '39. Reward. Call Laramore 8444.
WAA Speedball Players: Schedule for the class team games: Freshmen vs. Juniors, Tuesday, October 22; Juniors vs. Sophomores, Thursday, October 24; and Sophomores vs Freshmen, Tuesday, October 29. —STEIGERWALD.
Wanted: Passengers to St. Louis Nov. 2. Return Sunday—$3.60 Round Trip. Boling— 6418.
Stinchfield, Kohlenbeck, Anderson, Blackburn, Petrick, Laughner, Miller, Zehring, Parish, Victor, Rule, Hites, Taylor, Remitz, Shelby, Grove, Warick, Wright, Pearcy, Douglas, and Pickel. r.o.s.
Notices
Ensdneer Staff: All members of both the editorial and business staffs please meet in room 366 of the Union on Wednesday, October 23. It is impottant that you be on hand promptly at 7:30 p. m. ' McELROY.
Tau Beta Pi: Meeting of all actives Tuesday, October 22, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 263 of the Union for election of pledges. ^ * —MONTGOMERY.
No notices received after 8 p. m.
Phi Kappa Tau; AGR Meet Tomorrow On Softball Field
Chemical Engineers: Those who desire to purchase subscriptions at reduced. rates to Chem and Met Engineerihg magazine or the Purdue Engineer along with membership to AIChE must do so before Tuesday, October 22. See any of the following: John Galloway, Ed Czenkusch, John Bruck, Don Swaim, Walt Stanton, Dick Kraybill, John Sell, Reinhardt Bergstet, Bob Massey. Chem Engineers: Membership cards may be obtained in Prof. Shreve’s office in Chem and Met Building. —massKy.
From a starting field of 35 fraternities, only two teams are remaining in the inter-fraternity softball tournament. The survivors. Phi Eappa Tau and Alpha Gairima Rho, will clash tomorrow afternoon at 4:00 o’clock on diamond 11 at Intramural field in the championship contest.
Ceres:. Meeting postponed until Tuesday, October 22. —JOHNSON.
All Senior Men: It is a regulation of the University that all seniors have a physical examination for employment pu^oSes. Re^ port to the Student Health Service without fail to schedule a time for this examination. Seniors who do not take this examination run the risk of not seeing the companies they wish to interview. —MILLER.
Both teams have advanced to the finals with a record of only one defeat, although the Alpha Gamma Rho ten has played in one less game. The regulation season is six games, after which the eight highest teams are drawn together for the playoffs. r.o.s.
Camera Club: No meeting this week due to change of schedule. Tan'co to speak next week on “Portraiture.” —TOWLE.
Metal Sociefy Inspects Chem And Met Building
Forty members of the Indianapolis chapter of the American Society for Metals inspected the campus yesterday afternoon. Their interest was mostly in the facilities of the Chemical and Metallurgical Building. Dr. J. L. Bray spoke briefly at tlie grobp’s dinner in the Union last night.
Later in the evening the group reassembled for a technical meeting with Prof. J. F. Eckel in chairge. This was followed by the motion picture “Steel for the Ages.” e.w.n.
ARC
— TODAY - MONDAY —
Female Fury Flames!
COnVICTED
with ROCHELLE HUDSON
• AND —
-L-ALSO-
BETTY BOOP
LUMA
TODAY-MON.—2 HITS!
MM
GRfATfR THAN "KINTUCKY"!
IN TECHNICOLORI
WALTER BRENNAN "Kentucky s" great star FAY BAINTER BRENDA JOYCE JOHN PAYNE CHARLIE RUGGLES MARJORIE WEAVER HATTIE McDANIEL •of "Gone With The Wind" fame
PLUS-^
2ND FEATURE The Cisco Rid
featuring
CESAR
RDHIERO
Sheila Ryan
Ghris-piin Maitiii
Personnel Sheets Ready For Seniors, Bureau Announces
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Personnel data sheets can be ordered at the oflSces of the Activities Bureau, bureau officials announced yesterday. These sheets are for seniors to use when applying for jobs, and will be lithographed pn regular letter-sized paper. They will be similar to those offered last year. Photographs on this year’s sheets will be larger than those of last year, however. Debris cuts will be
used for these pictures.
Seniors who purchase these sheets at the new IotV price of $3.16 for 60 will have 16 extra ones placed on file in the personnel office at no extra charge. Each purchaser will fill out a blank to show his indivjid-
uality. «
According to bureau officials, those seniors Who plan to graduate in January will be given special consideration. j.f.a.
Reamers: Regular meeting Monday, October 21, at 7:16 p. ra. in' room 306 of the Union.'Pledges report at 7:46 p. m. —BOHLIN.
Kappa Delta Pi Pledges: Secure your mimeographed historical material in room 107 of the Education building immediately. There will be a test on this next Thursday, October 24. —MONK.
‘Why don’t we get our share of army business ?—Camps for a million men and we aint’ got one cootie contract, yet!”
Purdue Engineer Workers: All workers report at the office at 4 p. m. on Monday, October 21. —GALE.
Dance Club: Due to convocation the Dance Club will have its evening rehearsal Tuesday, October 22, at 7 p. m. in the women’s gym. The regular afternoon rehearsal for old and new girls will be Monday, October 21,. at 4 p. m. in the women’s gym. —SWOPE.
Picture-Takers: All who have interesting pictures taken at Fort Knox this summer ndmber your pictures and leave them in my box in the Armory by Tuesday, October 22. They will be plac^'on exhibit at the smoker on Wednesday, October 23. —NORQUEST.
ASME: All members who signed at the initial meeting for membership cards and emblems may get them at Professor Cope’s office any day this week except Friday from 9 to 10 a. m. —COOLEY.
Union Sophomores: Important nseeting of the Music Room committee at 4 p. m. Monday, October 21. . FELLOWS, CARPENTER.
Skull and Crescent; Meeting at 7:30 p. m. Wednesday, October 23, in room 328 of the Union. Ali members please be present. —LANIUS.
Purdue Outing Club: Bicycle hike to Cary Camp Sunday, October 20. Party will leave Armory promptly at 10:00 a. m. and return before dark. Bicycles 'will not be furnished but may be rented at special rates. —PARKER.
Horticultural Society: There will be jn important meeting in the Assembly Room of the Horticulture Building, Wednesday, October 23, at 4 p. m. It is very urgent that all members be present. —RESNER:
Pi Tau Sigma: Meeting for election of pledges will be held at 9 p. m, oh Monday, October 21, in room 232 of the Union. All actives must be present. —WIST.
Military Luncheon Committee: There will be a meeting on Monday, October 21, at 4 p. m. in the Armory. —MEBSE.
Hiller Foundation: Meeting will be held at the Sigma Alpha Mu fraternity house at 417 'Waldron', Sunday, October 20, at 6:30 p. m. Refreshments will be served. —KATZENBERG.
Eta Kappa Nu: Formal pledging in the Reading Room of the Electrical Engineering Building on Monday, October 21, at; 4 p. m. All pledges must be present. —HOLCOMB.
Radio Club: Mhet Tuesday, October 29, instead of Tuesday, October 22. Same program will be presented as planned. —REYNOLDS.
PIA Board: Regular weekly board meeting at 4:16 p. m. Monday, October 21, in the PIA office. —MUSSER. :
Exponent Sophomores: All editorial sophomore workers should check the working schedules in the office immediately. —DONAHUE.
TEMPliSTUOUS ROMANCE OF A LADY OF QUALITY ...AND A PROUD MAN OF THE PEOPLE!
Of TM
HUAIITCAVANAWil RBURD lANE umnsaru STARTS TODAY
STARTS TODAY TWO SWELL FEATURES!
PLUS
W9hVoW.l.«.pplert W*'-
JACK
BENNY' JOAN
^BENNEnJ
.
.V)ti
it
i ■]
» I
Y' |i
«' f
' I
A" i
’I I
i I
V., y Y )
f"' I
■it i
y." »:*
f <
- 1 .■ i '■
i xM'. ’ 4: !,•■'“•, ‘ ,U ' *4, V
f ^ I r (
^ V
i p ‘^■ s .'MMrS'fTii^WMSS;
‘ j'- '\f
f <
Sunday. Octotfer 20. 1940
PURDUE EXPONENT
Riveter-Wisconsin Game Marks 25th Reunion Of Pigskin Series When the Boilermaker gridmen meet Wisconsin next Saturday at Ross-Ade stadium, it^will mark the twenty-fifth meeting of the two squads. The whole idea started back in 1892, and during that span of 48 years the rival teams have wandered onto the same gridiron twenty-five times. Wag'ed on fairly even terms since
that first battle, in which Purdue pushed the Badgers back in Lake Mendota, 34-0, the series has produced ten victories for Wisconsin, nine for the Boilermakers, and four of the tilts have ended in ties. The biggest massacre was the aforementioned Riveter victory, and the highest scoring affair took place in 1893 when the Badgers cpme out on the big end of a 36-30 battle.
Homecoming Rivals
Saturday’s encounter will mark the eighth time that Wisconsin has provided the Homecoming attraction for the Boilermakers. During those seven battles, the local lads had little trouble with the invaders and have managed to grab five of the contests with the other two
resulting in ties. j.a.
The complete record of tl^ie Pur-due-Wisconsin series follows: 1892— Purdue, 84; Wisconsin, 0. 1893— Purdue, 30; Wisconsin, 86. 1894— Purdue, 6; Wisconsin, 0.
1906— Purdue, 1907— Purdue, 1912— Purdue, 1913— Purdue, 1914— Purdue, 1916—Purdue, 1926—Purdue, 1926— Purdue, 1927— Purdue,
Wisconsin, 29. Wisconsin, 12. Wisconsin, 41. Wisconsin, 7. Wisconsin, 14. Wisconsin, 28. Wisconsin, 7. Wisconsin, 0. Wisconsin, 12.
1928— Purdue, 19 ; Wisconsin, 19. 1929— Purdue, 13 ; Wisconsin, 0. 1930— Purdue, 7 , Wisconsin, 6.
• Complef-e Model Airplane Supplies • Complete Photography Lines • Phillip Morris Scorecasts Redeemed Here
Free Parking in Rear
Free Delivery
University Drug Store
Next to Post Office
N. J. Arth, ’37 D. N. Hansell, ’37
Build Good Health with
GOOD FOOD
The UNION CAFETERIA has the Best in Food at all Times
For:
Economy, Service, Good Food visit the CAFETERIA today
JhJL fiWviuSL TBsumsfiLoL TAnJbtL The Corner of the Campus— Tei the Center of Activities , \ •
Ai
1981— Purdue, 14 ; Wisconsin, 21. 1982— Purdue, 7 : Wisconsin, 6. 1988—Purdue, 14 ; Wisconsin, 0 1934—Purdue, 14 ; Wisconsin, 0. 1986—Purdue, 0 : Wisconsin, 8. 1936— Purdue, 86; Wisconsin, 14. 1937— Purdue, 7; Wisconsin, 7. 1938— Purdue, 18 ; Wisconsin, 6. 1939— Purdue, 7 ; Wisconsin, 7. Meridian A. C. Tramples Howe Military Academy . Meridian Athletic Club, junior high school gridders from the West Side, trampled the Howe Military Academy team yesterday afternoon on the West Side Meridian field, 41 to 0. This was the identical score by which the Meridians defeated Morgan Park Military Academy last Saturday. Howe’s nearest attempt to score came when little “Pappy” Poljak, 8-year-old backfielder, caught a forward pass an* missed the goal-line by scant yards. Howe lost yardage on the next play, a line buck. Then ‘Tuppy” missed another forward in the end zone. This was Meridian’s fifth straight victory in as many games, in the contest for the Indiana Junior Football Championship, j.a.p.
ions
By Joseph Patrick Dolan
We don’t believe in superstitions nor “jinx” or any other hocus-pocus stuff that can be brought around and tossed in our faces, but we are a believer in certain periods of “bad luck” which seem to follow an organization. We can take the Purdue athletic association for i:^stance, thgre’s a real taste of Lady Luck’s detrimental whims, making Shakespeare’s tragedies seem tyro-writ-ten. —I-I— Let’s look at Purdue’s period of “good luck” during the past ten years. Makes me sick. Following the 1934 football season, insidious hands began to clutch our football squad with a blistering pace. _I.I_ First came the revelations that Purdue’s football captain, Edward Skoronski, was declared ineligible because he was performing for Purdue under a false name, having played a year of intercollegiate football in the East for a small college before entering Purdue as a freshman. It was true, and Purdue’s “luck” was launched on a devastating career. —I-I— 0 Next came the death of Clifford Baumbach at the end of his brilliant Sophomore year which saw him win 'major letters in football, basketball, and baseball, and he was a sensation in each of them. He died during 'the summer of a disease not of my knowledge, as I’ve heard about five different complications attributed to the big, blond star’s tragic death. —I-I— Then came the omnivorous fire in
the fall of 1986 at the PurduO football training camp which caused the twenty-four hour death of Carl Dahlback, regular senior guard, ahd also^the death of Tom McGann<p, without a doubt the greatest punt-return-man ever to wear the silk of a Purdue uniform. Also put out of action by this lethal stroke of fiame was Lowell Decker, a fullback of note who had starred in a number of Purdue victories of the preceding two seasons. Also sent to the hospital for two months was Pat Malaska, a hardwood great, who was learning football under the invincible Kizer. ' _I.I_ Hardly had the fire news smouldered than the towering Swede Thursby, slated for stardom, was to take to a hospital bed for a year of suffering from a nerve injury in his spinal column which eventually shelved him for the duration of his college career. —I-I— Finally as a convincing climax to the reign of deplorable strokes of heart rending happenings here on the campus, came the untimely death of Noble Kizer last summer. Kizer’s only peer in his profession was his own coach, Knute Rockne. Noble was his name and so he was to every activity he sought to assist. —I-I— i And( don’t forget the biggest catastrophe in athletic history, the Purdue wreck in the early years of this century. And we could go on telling of the hard luck that seems to follow the winners of the freshman watch for improvement during spring practice. Charley Meade received a cracked knee, and never saw a football game for Purdue. Paul EmmOnds, dropped out of school; Leon Daily yras always wearing shock absorbers due to injuries; Thursby has been covered in a preceding paragraph; Tom Melton is usually nursing an injury; and John Petty has never played ball until this season, his senior year, , —I-I— ' I have been writing from pure memory, and I should take time to
ANNOUNCING ....
Reduced Rates
for
Classified Ads
WHETHER
IT BE FOR SALE FOR RENT / FOR TRADE-
You’U be certain to contact your better market through the new classified dd columns of the Exponent. Ads taken at the Union Desk or at the Business office 312 No. Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana.
the Purdue Exponent
Horthwestem Outclasses Wisconsin; Minnesota, Indiana, Michigan Triumph Upsets, run-away scores, and hard-fought games mwtked gridiron action over the country yesterday as the first half of the current football season was concluded. Highlights of major midwest games are as follows:
Northwestern 27; Wisconsin 7 Northwestern’s rampaging eleven won its second conference game ■yesterday over Wisconsin to reaffirm its championship intentions. Bill DeCorrevant, junior halfback, sparked the Wildcat offensive, heaving a long pass to Chambers for the initial touchdown, and then galloping almost 50 yards for the second Wildcat score. The Badgers tallied in the final period after ground-work by Paskvan, fullback and a long pass to Hoskins. Another Wildcat offensive, however, regained the six points and also counted another, Minnesota 13; Ohio State 7 Last year’s conference champions, Ohio State, lost all hopes of repeating for the flag yesterday when they lost their second straight tilt, this one to Minnesota. The men from the North hit pay dirt four minutes after the game started with Bruce Smith dashing into the end zone.
IM Schedules
SOFTBALL Monday, October 21 Diamond 6. Ward 28 vs Ward 31 (F. G. Witsman) 7. Ward 9 vs Ward 2 (D. Adams) 9. Ward 21 vs Ward 6 (Red McAdams) 11. Final Phi Kappa Tau vs Alpha Gamma Rho (R. Igney)
TOUCHBALL Monday, October 21 Practice Field 1. Ward 32 vs Ward 30 or 13 (N. Goldstein) 2. Ward 10 vs Ward 24 (McCarthy) 3. Ward 16 vs Ward 26 (F. Meyer 4. Ward 6 vs Ward 26 (Miclffiels) 6. Ward 27 vs Ward 8 (T. Noland) 6. Ward 28 vs Ward 11 (J. Papnrca) 7. Ward 12 vs Ward 29 (Richman) 8. Ward 6 vs Ward 4 (L. Captain) 8. Watd 6 vs Ward 4 (L. Captain)
dig up the records, but I’m afraid I’d scare myself and you into believing in black cats and ladders. Our athletic department could probably wring my neck because of the psychological effects of digging up such lugubrious history, but facts are facts, and besides we are college boys and girls now—^there’s no time to cry over spilled milk.
The slipping Buckeyes made their lone counter when Langhurst lateraled to Scott, who passed to Anderson. Smith retaliated with a touchdown for Minnesota after several short runs. With one minute left to play Ohio State had the ball on the Gopher one-yard stripe, but a' bad pass from center nullified their chance to tie the score, Indif^a 10; Iowa 6 An' inspired McMillan eleven scored ten points in the first half and then staved off a Hawkeye desperation attack in the final period to mark up its first victory in three starts. The underdog Hoosier team placed the ball on the 10 yd. line on a pass from Hurst to Harris, from where White kicked a field goal. Zimmer romped 60 yards for the other score. Combined efforts of Murphy and Gallager netted the Hawkeyes a six-pointer. Michigan 28; Blinoi^ 0 Tommy Harmon set the ball in scoring position, but broke the way to scores for fellow ball-carriers most of the time against the lUini; however, the all-American lugged the ball across once and kicked a point after touchdown. He was on the passing end of another score. r.o.s_j. Other scores are as follow^: Fordham 24; Pittsburgh 12. Nebraska 53; Iowa State 2. Alabama 27; Tennessee 12. Tulane 15; Rice 6. Butler 19; Wabash 12. ‘ Marquette 20; Creighton 7. . Pennsylvania 46; Princeton 28. Cornell 33; Ssrracuse 6. Harvard 6; Army 6. Missouri 30; Iowa State 14. Southern Methodist 20; Aubiim 13. Ohio Wesleyan 26; DePauw 19. Holy Cross 13; New York U. 7. Penn State 34; Lehigh 0. Duke 13; Colgate 0. Yale 13; Dartmouth 7. Texas A. & M . 21; Texas Christian 7.
-SPECIAL TODAY</4 FRIED CHICKEN DINNER Complef'e 40c PURDUE COFFEE SHOP 119 Northwestern Ave.
Time for a Clean Up on JofL ^oatSu are OveAcoaiiL Fall amd Winter Are Definitely on the Way!
Northwestern at Vine Phono 4081 “Lowest Woe Tket Quelily Permits"ipWiHiPI
TiT
iiWW
. yv y.v'/j '^"-"i'^, • ;y
, ^ ■“ » !
PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday# October 20# 1940
M
1;'
iW
Aa The Editor Sees It...
It’s been one of those weeks. Quiet, nothing doing except people getting into our hair. All week we’ve been on the brink of some sort of a catastrophe until we’re slightly tired of it all. To start things off that week-end at Michigan State didn’t do us any good. We lost a tough football game and then discovered that they have more than enough co-eds to go around. Some even have to stay at home on Saturday nights. Their campus is well laid out with the beautiful Red Cedar River flowing right through it. Their Union building doesn’t compare with ours, but the rest of their buildings, as far as number and size are concerned, are very much like ours. Our engineering group is not duplicated, hbwever. Then it was Monday. And the Peace Fellowship had put us behind the eight-ball with their decision to put on a demonstration. And Dr. Elliott didn’t help our mental anguish by his banning of the demonstration. We had to choose between being a news-hawk or a good citizen. Sometimes one gets more said by keeping his mouth shut. We did, we hope. For God and our country is the trite way of putting it. About Thursday we heard rumors that the northeast corner of the mall was being measured for a new hole. The letting of the new physics building contract tnade the news the next day. Friday looked as if it might be a perfectly normal sort of a ddy but we hadn’t reckoned on the action of the Pan-Hellenic Council. After considerable inconsequential telephoning and wire pulling we decided to see a show. Pan-Hel will probably be sore at us for a while but we hope they see our point. We see theirs about the de-emphasis of rush activities and we’re willing to co-operate, but certainly they see that not publishing the names of the lucky girls does not soften the blow for those who are not pledged. It’s all over with in one quick chill when the names are published. At least it keeps the curious from asking individual girls whether they were pledged or not. There was no game for the Boilermakers yesterday but we had our hands full with this moving business as evidenced by the stories on page one. There’s no need to say how proud we are of our new location. All tve hope is that it will make for better copy, and give the editor a better mental outlook.
Frosh Debaters Will Meet. Wednesday Afternoon At 4
All freshmen interested in becoming members of the freshman debate team will meet Wednesday afternoon in room 310 of University Hall at 4 o’clock.
This meeting is to acquaint the freshmen with the question to be debated throughout the season. The date for tryouts will be announced, as well as the schedule of work for the team at this meeting. If additional information is wanted, freshmen should see Des Jarlais in room 306 of University Hall.
SCOBEE’S We handle a complete line of photographic supplies and cameras . . . try our expert photo-finishing Phone 2343 105 Vine, WL
REST ASSURED’
at
HOTEL FOWLER
200 Rooms
Fireproof
Fourth and Ferry
Newly decorated Blueblazer Airconditioned
Lafayette'
Formats, Sport-Suits, Top-Coats, Campus Clothes
Better Cleaning Means • Better grooming— • Longer garment life — • More economy at last. You PAY NO MORE for Sanitone Cleaning.
American
132 NORTHWESTERN AVE.
Alumni Club Offers Noble Kizer Trophy To Chicago Gridders
Purdue Alumni Club of Chicago Friday night announced establishment of a Noble E. Kizer Memorial Trophy which Will be presented each year hereafter to the outstanding competitor in Chicago’s public and parochial high school football. Noble E. Kizer, former director of athletics at the University, died last summer.
150 Alumni Attend f The announcement came as part of the organization’s “round-up” held in the Sherman Hotel. One hundred and fifty alumni attended the meeting, where President E. C. Elliott spoke, Robert Watson, ’24, as president of the association, presided, and Harry Clark, ’23, chairman of the committee in charge of the “round-iup,” servjed as toastmaster.
The University Glee Club presented a program for the “round-up” Friday night, following a performance at noon before the Business Men’s Executive Club, and prior to an appearance with Duke Ellington in the Panther Room of the College Inn later that night.
Coaches Present Ed Corcoran, sports editor of the Chicago Herald-American, spoke at the meeting concerning the trophy. T. R. Joljnston, directot of the University publicity bureau, C. S. Doan, director of ticket sales, Red Mackey, Mel Taube and Herb Duggins, all of th^ University coaching staff attended the “round-up.” j.a.p. ^
BUS NEWS 4 SCHEDULES DAILY Chicago $2.95 R. T. Gary 2.95 R. T. Michigan City 3.70 R. T. Indianapolis 2.10 R. T. Lowest Rates to California Points
YANKEE TRAILWAYS 208 N. 5th Phone 4475
For daytime and date time, too, for the big \ gomes, for week ends or general campus wear . . . o Ken Classic in gabardine. Its down-the-bock buttoning, its gracefully full skirt, with two front kick-pleats, and the pert pockets at the yoke line ore added marks of its'superb Kencraftsmansbip. Tailored to a turn in sizes 10 to 18 . . . obout $13 at
J^aebs
KIN CUSSICS, 108 West 39th Street, New York
CampusVarieties Opens New Series Of Shows Over WBAA
4 Members Of Extension Staff To Attend Meeting
“Hittin’ the Books,” an original song written by Cliff Brown and played by Irv Given’s orchestra, opened yesterday’s Campus Varieties program as it went on the air over station WBAA from the north ballroom of the Union. This was the first program in a new series continuing last year’s shows. Dick Pittenger, student announcer, started the program proper with a take-off of an innocent young chap who had just finished reading “How To Be a Radio Announcer in Six Easy Lessons.” After a difficult struggle, he did manage to introduce the two feminine members of the casj^ Joyce Bornham and Betty Erich. After a bit of chit-chat between Pittenger, Betty, Joyce, and Bill Pall, third member of the cast, the ‘Aristocrats of Rhythm,’ a trio playing an accordian, a bass fiddle and a guitar, swung out with “Only Forever.” Don Brinkerhoff gave good imitations of Charley McCarthy and Bergen during the program complete to a replica of Charlie. Don also played the part of Junior, the kid who can ask the queerest questions at the wrong time, or do the wrong things at the right time. Some bits of miscellaneous advice to the lovelorn and plenty of Given’s music completed the show, e.g.k.
Miss Starley Hunter, Miss Elsie Glasgow, R. H. Bauman and J. C. Bottum, all of the agricultural extension staff, will attend the Na-
tional Farm Outlook Confereiice next week at Washington, D. C. After their return they will hold a series of district meetings with home agents, county agents and assistant county agents throughout the state, discussing general farm outlook, d.e.b.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• Locksmith
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Hain St. Phone 5701
KEYS and LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
• Hardware
• School Suplie$
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Better Mdse.—-llower Prices If It's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
University Book Store Across fortn the Union Next to the College Inn M. C. "Red" Sammons '29 R. W. "Doc" Epple '40
• Dairy Products y.. .
• Dine
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
American and Chinese Foods NU-CHINA CAFE 409 Columbia
•* •• A GOOD FOOTBALL TEAM
depends upon the CO-ORDINATION of all the players. A smooth rimning car depends upon the COORDINATION of all moving parts; so come in and let us check over your car.
After You We Come First PETER ANDERSON CO.
525 Alabama
Phone 4048
CtJhj^ waiLl SuhAcAihsL Jto ihsL ^xpDnstnt iodaif^!
■It
Vt.
4' !
Ik \
> I
< I
* k
4 \
* I
^ (
I
A k
4 '
V ' f I
i I
k' '
t
■H
4 ii