‘he Purdue Exponeni
VOLUME FORTY-NINE
Lafayette, Indiana, Sunday, October 24, 1937
NUMBER 36
NEWS oi the WEEK
National
School Teachers, 15,000 strong, left for their homes yesterday at the conclusion of the' 84th annual Indiana State Teachers’ convention in Indianapolis. The convention elected Miss Rose Boggs, Richmond, 1938 president, defeated a proposal to divide the annual session into five district meetings, and Reard Dr. Will Durant, author and philosopher, declare
America’s greatest danger is
her declining birth fate in the higher incomed families. Scattering bodies and wreckage over two Mason City, la., blocks, a streamlined Rock Island rockettrain crashed into a bus loaded with high school students Friday, killing ten and injuring at least 19 others. Decorating morgue slabs Saturday were seven students, two teachers and the bus driver, all from Renwick (la.) High School. The students had been inspecting Mason City’s industrial plants. Streamliner Engineer George Simpson claims dead bus driver Rex Simpson ignored the train’s whistle signal. Coal-dealer Eyewitness Vern Mott agrees and says the train ap-
proached slowly.
After 86 minutes’ deliberation Friday night a jury of Shelby county, Ky., farmers acquitted Roy Garr, local slayer of Brig., Gen. Henry H. Denhardt. Self-defense pleas won freedom for Roy, who shot Denhardt as he was facing trial for the murder of his fiancee, Garr’s sister Verna Garr Taylor. Jack Garr was exonerated by direction of Judge Charles C. Marshall because he was unarmed at the time of the shooting. E. S. “Doc” Garr, third brother implicated, is, in a sanitarium and may never be tried.
Tailspinning for two and a half hours Tuesday, the stock market hit lowest price levels in four yearS under the load of huge selling orders. At one time the ticker lagged sales by 20 minutes, while prices sagged from $4 to $13 lower.
Nineteen died last Sunday atop a mountain near Knight, Wyo., when a luxurious United Airliner crashed in a rainstorm. Death’s toll was actually considered to be 20, since one of the four women passengers was expecting a baby in a few days. Searching parties njegotiated difficult trails on horseback to find the wreckage and bodies protruding from deep snow drifts.
Sino-Japanese conflict is uncertain. The President definitely asserted before Davis’ departure for Brussels Wednesday, however, that the U. S. was entering the conference with no commitments to other
powers.
Early in the week-the President chose diminutive 48-year-old Nathan Straus as administrator of the federal housing program to set in motion the $526,000,000 low-cost housing and slum clearance project. A member of Manhattan’s great philanthropic and merchandising family, Straus is a long time student of slum problems.
President Roosevelt hiked his estimate of the federal deficit for the current fiscal year by $277,000,000 Monday, forecasting that the treasury would run $895,000,000 into the red by next June 30. In a press conference Friday ,however, he again assured reporters he would definitely balance the current^ budget the following year.
‘Go To Church On Sunday And You’ll Feel Better On Monday’ (An Editorial) We’re not guaranteeing that “If you go to church on Sunday, you’ll feel better on Monday,” but we don’t hesitate at saying that if you attend this morning’s all-Uni-versity religious convocation you will mot regret having gotten up early to do so. For more than one^ reason we assure you that you will enjoy this first convocation for worship of the school year. Dr. Ralph Marshall Davis is held in such high esteem at the University that he has been selected as the speaker for the initial religious convocation for several years. And you will scarcely have to be a music lov er to appreciate the singing of A1 Stewart’s 156-voice University choir. That choir ranks with the best in singing ability, and the 156 students clad in white vestments make an impressing sight on Eliza Fowler Hall stage. After attending today’s convocation we doubt that you will miss another one of its kind this year. ,
Investigation'in the Ross kidnapping case centered around Blue Island, Chicago suburb, when a $10 ransom note was produced there Thursday by Mrs. Clara Ludwig. Ross, a wealthy Chicago manufacturer, was snatched from his car a month ago and has not been heard from since. Kidnappers, or intervening hijackers, collected $50,000 ransom, but have failed to return Ross. Washington Financial highei--ups in Washington, as well as the entire nation, kept a questioning eyte on New York stock exchange activities all this week. Stabilization came the latter part of the week after earlier reverses. Security was felt Friday when the Interstate Commerce Commission granted major railroads a rate increase on basic commodities expected to add at least 47 millions to their yearly income. Rates become effective in 30 days. President Roosevelt announced Friday the treasury will make a tax survey on undistributed profits and capital gains calculated to effect certain revisions advantageous to business in general. This report boosted stock prices—some of them from their new four-year low.
Asserting “Mr. Roosevelt is a changed man” since his election in 1932, former Kansas Governor Alf Landon Tuesday night called upon the 17 million Republican voters who supported his last November to join in the “fight to preserve the republic.” Labor , Labor News carried an unusuafly large number of “if’s” and “may’s” this week as the two major rival labor organizations, AF of L and CIO, prepared to hash over peace plans at a conference scheduled to open in Washington tomorrow. United Press reports stated Monday that an armed truce may result from the forthcoming conference, but a real peace is not looked for unless the two parties abandon their no compromise” attitude on issues dividing them. ' CIO was reported on Friday to be ready to rejoin the AF of L if it receives adequate guarantees at the conference that industrial unionism will be recognized and its member ship will not be split up into craft unions.
Just what attitude the United States will assume through Dele gate Norman H. Davis at the ninepower treaty conference on the
Governor Townsend indicated this week a “peace conference” would be called next month if the Washington meeting of the rival labor organizations proved even moderately successful. The governor offered the serviees of the state labor division several weeks ago in,an effort to effect a truce. His proposal was accepted almost immediately by both the Indiana CIO and the state Federation convention at Terre Haute. Since then the two state organizations have met jointly several times.
Scrivener Offers Numerous Awards For Literary Work Offering all freshmen enrolled in University English 32 classes an opportunity to win cash prizes, permanent recognition, and the honor of having their manuscripts published in Scrivener, the Freshman Literary Contest sponsored by the Scriveners Club and Scrivener will give the rest bf’ the University chance to see how well the newcomers can write. Class themes, poetry, essays, and outside work, may be submitted in the contest. Entries should be given to the students’ English 32 instructors who will see that they are submitted to the judges consisting of the publication staff of Scrivener and its faculty advisors. All entries must be in the hands of the judges by 4 o’clock November 5 and the winners will be announced in the Exponent a week later. Cash awards will be given to the first three winners of the contest and their names will be engrossed on a scroll to hang in University Hall. Winning contributions as well as several honorable mentions will be published in the December issue of Scrivener. Decisions of the judges will be final in all cases. C. F. Ahlgrimm, C. E. ’34, has recently accepted a position as Engi neer in the Pump Division of the Bettendorf Company, Bettendorf, la. He was formerly connected with the U. S. Engineers Office, Chicago District.
Tomorrow’s' Meeting in Washington will pobably do no more than to bring reunion a few steps nearer, according to leaders of both groups. The meeting will bring together two small committees: 10 delegates from the CIO and three from the AF of L. CIO will insist that a joint “unity conference” be called and that large committees be chosen by both sides—^preferably of 100 each. Wa> Trying desperately to break loyalist power in Spain, before Italy may be forced to withdraw her troops. Insurgent Generalissimo Franco’s army in north Spain captured Gijon Thursday noon, leav(Continued on page 2)
USNavyBand Will Give Two Concerts At Jeff High Today United States Navy Band of 65 pieces, under the direction of Lieutenant Charles Benter, will present the first of two concerts this afternoon at 2:30 in the Jefferson high school auditorium. Both this concert and the second, to be presented at 8 o’clock tonight, are sponsored by the Lafayette Post No. 11 of the American Legion and by Jefferson high school. « ’ Since 1926, the band has been^ making annual tours of the United States, with frequent trips into Canada, and has gained a world wide reputation.
R. M. Davis I
l^esterday’s Scores
Indiana 27, Cincinnati 0. Michigan 7, Iowa 6. Yale 9, Cornell 0. Dartmouth 20, Harvard 2. i Michigan State 21, Marquette 7. Army 47, Washington (St. Louis) Brown 7, Columbia 6. Princeton 6, Rutgers 0. Arkansas 13, Southern Methodist
0.
Villanova 21, Bucknell 0. Tulsa 47, Oklahoma A & M 7. Auburn 21, Georgia Tech 0. Mississippi 14, Florida 13. Tennessee 32, Sewanee 0. Rice 14, Texas 7. Baylor 13, Texas A & M 0. T. J. Horwarth, C. E- ’31, is now employed on the engineering staff of the M. W. Kellog Company of New York City, engaged in the construction of a huge oil refining plant at Galveston, Texas.
Today in the Churches
Davis Addresses Convo At 10:30 This Morning “Religion—A Defense Mechanism” will be the theme of Dr. Ralph M. Davis, noted California author and lecturer, when he addresses the year’s first Convocation for Worship at 10:30 in Eliza Fowler Hall this morning. According to Chairman Hadley of the religious convocation committee, Dr. Davis is expected to present an inspirational address. The demand for these lectures on the campus during the last decade indicates that today’s convocation will appeal to a great number of students. In addition to Dr. Davis, the 156 voice University Choir under the leadership of A. P. Stewart will occupy an important part in the
program.
After obtaining degrees from four of the country’s leading universities, including Harvard and Boston, Dr. Davis presided over Presbyterian churches in the cities of San Francisco, Boston, Oakland, Chicago, and St. Louis. For the last ten years. Dr. Davis has been extremely popular with Purdue students, being recalled again and again to speak before them. Some of his topics of the past are “Five Keys for the Boilermakers,” Seven Keys to Success,” “Man, Who Forgot His Name,” “Invulnerable,” “The Uncertain Young Man,” and “Being Kind to the For-
tunate.”
On the portion of the program de-i-voted to the choir, two anthems will be sung, “Emitte Spiritum Tuum” by Schuetky, and “To Thee, O Lord, Do I Lift My Soul”by Kalinnikoff. The University choir, which will participate in all religious convocations, has been increased by 31 voices over last year’s group. George Osborn, junior in the pharmacy school, will accompany the choir this year. University convocation for worship have been held once a month for the three past years, bringing noted lecturers before the students,
/
Resierved Tickets For Iowa Game Will Be Ready tomorrow Reserved seat tickets in the student section for the Iowa Dad’s Day game will be available at the ticket office beginning tomorow morning for those students who turned in their coupons before the end of the preferential deadline on Wednesday evening, it was announced today by ticket manager C. S. Doan. In order to eliminate confusion at the ticket office the latter part of the week Doan requests students to call for their tickets as soon as possible.
Noted Authorities Will Speak Before Annual Fire School Nationally known authorities in several fields of fire prevention, fire fighting, and fireman training have accepted assignments on the 1937 Indiana Fire School, to be held here at the University next Wednesday and Thursday in the Electrical En-
gineering Building.
Donald Stiver, directqr of fire prevention, Indianapolis Fire Department; Clarence Goldsmith, assistant chief engineer, National Board of Fire Underwriters; Bernard Lynch, director of fire prevention, Indianapolis Fire Department; and Henry Schricker, lieutenant-govern-or of Indiana, are among the speakers listed on the full two-day pro-
gram.
Late Information The purpose of the Indiana Fire School is to present, in a practical form, the latest information. Those who plan to attend have been requested to bring home-made or special gadgets which have been proven
useful.
Some of the special topics to be covered in the lectures and demonstrations include “Fire Prevention in Public and Parochial Sdiools,” “Hydraulics for the Fireman,” “Flame Proof Decorations,” and “Inhalators and Their Use In Resuscitation.”
West I^afayette Ba|)tist: Rev. Joseph B. Gleason will teach the Roger Williams Sunday school class at'9:30 a. m. He will preach on “I Will Build My Church,” during the morning worship program beginning at 10:36 a. m. “The Villain Still Pursued Her,” a melodrama, will be given during the Roger Williams Club social hour at 5:3Q p. m. A ten cent lunch will follow at 6. Mrs. A. R. Mather will speak qn Africa at the 6:30 discussion group. At,7:30 Dr. L. M. Sears \vill speak on “The Constitution of Christianity.” West Lafayette Methodist: Rev. B. R. McFadden invites ai^ freshman interested to attend the breakfast for organization of the freshman commission in the Wesley Foundation at 8 a. m. Mrs. McFadden’s Sunday school class will meet at the Wesley Foun-, dation House at 9:30 a. m. The boys’ Sunday school class will meet at
9:30 with Reverend McFadden in charge. Prof. C. D. Hildebrand, De Paul psychology teacher, will direct the worship service which begins, at 10:40 a. m. Evening fellowship supper is scheduled for 5 p. m. and the Epworth League will meet at 6:30, at which time the play, “Demas,” will be presented. Central Presbyterian: Dr. G. H. Graves will teach the student Sunday school classes which start at 9:30 a. m. Dr. Graves will preach at 10:45 on “Taking the
Kingdom.”
The Sunday Evening Club will serve a 16 cent supper at 6 p. m. followed by an address by Prof. Victor Albjerg on “The British Kingdom.” St. John’s Episcopal: ^ Holy Communion will be held at 8 a. m. Bishop Francis of Indianapolis will speak at^the special centennial service at 10:46 a. m. Studtents are invited to attend the special parish tea from 4 p. m.
to 6 p. m.
Power Plant Smoke Stack Contains 20 Miles Of Brick
By D. A. Bailey Laid end to end the bricks in the Purdue power house stack would stretch from West Lafayette to Oxford, a distance of 21.3 miles. Indeed, there are enough of these clay five by sevens to give one to each family in Nevada, Vermont, and Wyoming, and still have enough left to build a walk four feet wide and 300 feet long. One hundred ninety-four thousand four hundred forty-five polished bricks form this stack, which rises 260 feet above the earth. The $26,000 chimney is equipped with 16 inspection doors placed at various
levels.
The stack and all of its meticulously calculated number of clay pellets is a part of the present Pm-due power plant built in 1923 to replace the old one which had become inadequate and obsolete. A power plant in a University such as Pui'due serves not only as a
manufacturer of pulsating electrons but also as a practical testing gi'oimd for embryo engineers. Students may study gas velocities and gas temperatures from the inspection doors of the stack. The building itself is of modern brick, steel, and concrete construction with a reinforced gypsum roof of tile conci'ete. The boiler room is 165 feet by 52 feet and contains eight 500 horsepower boilers. A 350 ton coal bunker, 70 feet long, is located in the south half of the boiler room. The coal storage pit just east of the plant has an 8,00.0 ton capacity. Designed entirely at the University, the plant and all material was bought and constructed dnder the direction of Dean A. A. Potter, head of the engineering schools, Ih'odfessors Eing and Solberg of the mechanical school, and Professor G, C. Blalock of the electrical engineering school.iSf.
■'X:',
^’S--1/ w te fc.
'f ' ^
.j«f iH
THE PURDXJE EXPONENT
3unday< October 24, 1937
slii'
the Purdue
Founded in 1889
REPnSSBNTED FOR
• n c.m D t ^SQciated ©oUffltate '*■ —. .l■.|l■— WmuBMgAA W —■“ " ^ -
NationaSAdvertisEngService.leic.
College Publishers Representative
420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICAGO - Boston ■ Los Ahgeles - San Fhahcisco
Sditorial Phone 6037 Campus Subscriptions 53 per year
* office;—812 North EMfth Street Lafayette, Indiana
Business Phone 6038 Mail Subscriptions $3.60 per year
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF R. P. Manion BUSINESS MANAGER . .
. D. C. Miller
NIGHT EDITOR.. — ...Hardin October 24, 1937 ISSUE E5..DITOR. Loveridge"
The Week’s NEWS
(Continued from page 1) ing loyalists holding only twelve miles of coastline on the Bay of Biscay. 60,000 Asturian troops in this area were caught in the viselike grip of Franco’s troops. The capture of Gijon brought an abrupt, end to the Asturian miners’ seige of Oviedo, defended for more than a year by a small insurgent force. The beseigers marched north to throw themselves at the mercy of the victorious rebel army. Rebel forces besetting Madrid celebrated the victory with an hour’s bombardment of 2,500 shells on the city. Japanese troops launched another onslaught against Shanghai Tuesday, attacking on all fronts. By Thursday fighting was so intense foreign commanders ordered their troops to man the barricade around International Settlement. 300,000 Chinese and 200,000 Japanese troops were reported active in this attack. General Chu Teh, the “Red Napoleon” of north China, reported his troops had checked three Japanese forces and effected the capture of Pingshaan,, 22 miles west of Paotingfu. Foreign English Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain late this week denounced economic sanctions against Japan as a policy for the ninepower treaty conference to assume Saturday When it assembles in Brussels to draw up peace plans for the Sino-Japanese conflict. Chamberlain asserted Japan might forcibly react to sanctions.
Palestine’s week of peace was shattered Monday as a series of bombings startled Jerusalem. The Kallandia airport near Lydia was destroyed by Arab terrorists at an estimated damage of $50,000. British Commander of Palestine Troops Wareli retaliated with an order to bum Arab honies.
North African Libyan Arabs withdrawal of volunteers from the Spanish civil war slackened Friish government of their disapproval of English policy in Palestine and of their solidarity with the Arabs in the Holy Land. Libya and Ethiopia are both Italian possessions. Early Week Pessimism over the the withdrawal of volunteers from the Spanish civil war slackened Friday as nonintervention delegates predicted foreign withdrawals within two weeks. French Ambassador Andre Corbin, obeying Paris orders, agreed with Italy that an equal number of “token” volunteers should be withdrawn from both Rebels and Loyalists. Disagreement on the count of Italian soldiers fighting with the Rebels may be settled when a commission from the subcommittee of the 27-nation non-intervention body arrives in Spain.
Financial Expert Shimbun of the Japanese paper Kohef Goshi declares that if American and British banks refuse to finance Japan it would be more serious to the Nipponese than mere economic sanctions. During the first eight months this year American exports to Japan totaled $216,720,000—an increase of 87 per cent over the similar period last year.
IF YOU HAVE, AND DON’T WANT TO HAVE; OR DON’T WANT TO HAVE, AND have — Use the Exponent Classified Column to let others knaw.
By Mary Cooley The year’s youngest student at the University of Chicago is a colored boy 13 years old. J. Ernest Wilkins r.eceived°a scholarship from the university because of his high scholastic standing at Parker High School from which he graduated last June. Young Wilkins, the son of a lawyer, was 10 years of age when he entered high school, He completed the normal university preparatory course in three years. He plans eventually to study law and practice with his father. His father graduated from the University of Illinois in 1918 and later studied law at Chicago. Ha won the Phi Beta Kappa key at Illinois. Mrs. Wilkins is now studying for her master’s degree at the University of Chicago, where she received her bachelor’s degree. ^ Quaint people — these Oklahoma Junior Collegians, sans shoes! One day every spring is set aside for students and faculty to shed their shoes—and stub their toes. ^ ^ This article appeared on the page “Up and Down the Hill” in the June, ’37, Wisconsin Alumnus. “Imagine a Big Ten football player winning a $100 prize for saying ‘football menaces education and is a conspiracy against youth, just like war.’ Ollie Adelman, 3-year man on the championship Northwestern eleven last year, said the same and won first place and the cash in the Northern Oratorical league held at the university. Adelman urged: “ ‘Deflate football and let all the students use the stadium instead of 60 men for 20 days a year.’ He urged that ‘They (football players) are merely players, commercial commodities to run the presses and the schools.’ ” * ♦ * ♦ Hitch-hiker W. W. Westbrook, a student at Louisiana State University, got quicker service than he ever expected. Four airplape salesmen picked him up, took him to the
airport aijd whisked him to New Orleans ih 20 minutes. * * 111 * More “Big Apple” comment: They probably call the new dance craze the “Big Apple” because it takes a strong limb to keep it up. * * * * Freshmen, what do you think of the recent “study plan” tried in a fraternity at the University of Oregon? This is the idea. Whenever a man aifiliated with the fraternity was discovered cutting a class the members and pledges bid for the right to use the paddle on him. When some hard-swinging, cocky upperclassman was discovered cutting, the money the freshmen bid just about put the house back on its feet, financially and scholastically both.
By Sally McKee Amendment one to installment two on the subject of ca’feual pub' lie meetings. Walking Off a short distance when your companion is stopped should not he a hard and fast rule. If you know your friend would like to in^ troduce you, stop when he stops or just a few steps beyond. When it is an older person who delays you it is generally most polite to stop as courtesy to him. Why not be governed by the situation? If the discussion seems to be one not meant for you, step on but^if your friend tries to include you even though he doesn’t introduce you, remain with him as easily as possible. ■
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
IT’S H IJfllt! mt liORLD flOD oteoofl! .
The Glory Girl of . "Three Smart Girls" \ fuse 111
..AtOPHLJ ADOLPHE HIEPJI EHHEHE STARTS
T OK 0 in S KI LICE Bfifloy ISCHfl flUEIi
It’s all right if you can get away with it; Jerry Torence, Beta, and one of Our Exponent chums, rented his old model A to Bev Rice, Kappa pledge, for Gold Diggers, and charged her 60 cents plus gas used for taking him out in the ancient bus. Who says Purdue is named after John? After poring diligently over oui/ books, we found the following definition in the Winston Simplified Dictionary'; perdue — a person or group in desperate condition, physically or* morally. CAMPUS SLANGUAGE Wife . . . steady galfriend. Wackchop . . . same as wangdaff. Wangdaff ... a guy what is nuts. Harbor lights ... a frand which is nuts. You know, ships that pass in the night, lost in a fog, etc. Pussyreed . . . something not to be, like a pussy willow. Mop ... a guy what can stand at most two beers. Barrag . . .a guy what can stand at most one beer. COME ON CHUMS! Get on the ball. Let’s see your tidbits of campus slanguage. We want humor, variety, and stuff, but keep ’em clean. Remember, the MARS passes. Even the State Troopers aren’t immune to Louise Smith’s line. Friday night she convinced two burly members of the state force that they should arrest Dick Chamberlain and Frank Taylor, two much abashed Sigs. The troopers handcuffed the pair and dragged them over to the Union where Smith and her gal friend were waiting to escort them to the Gold Digger’s dance.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
.*'»■
T know you kin read his thoughts, Butch—-but wait till he hits you!”
■U
WARD TOUCHBALL MONDAY, OCTOBER 25 1 Ward 1 vs Ward 9—Beck 2 Ward 2 vs Ward 10—Boyer 3 Ward 2x vs Ward lOx—^Billings 4 Ward 3 vs Ward 11—Caparoso 5 Ward 4 vs Ward llx—Captain 6 Ward 5 vs Ward 11a—Boyd 7 Ward 6 vs Ward 12—Juillard 8 Ward 7 vs Ward 13^—Knox
Starts Today DOUBLE FEATURE
Worth seeing a dozen times! The picture that won every award as "the best of the year"!
-plus-
action iN THE AIRLANiSl
—Also— Latest . News Events
Wee WllUE SMiliigE starring SHIRLEY iTEMPLE and VeCTOR McLAGLEN AUBREY SMITH JUNE LANG MICHAEL WHALEN CESAR ROMERO CONSTANCE COlllER OOUOIAS SCOTT
TODAY and TOMORROW
ETl
EMM-
9 Ward 7x vs Ward 14—Kriegbaum 10 Ward 8 vs Ward 17—Kerber 11 Cary Hall 4 vs Cary Hall 1— Troyer 12 Cary Hall 5 vs Cary Hall 2— Smithson
ARC
Today and Monday
Plus
‘Pop Eye Cartoon”
MOST GLORIOUS MUSICAL ROMANCE OF THE YEAR!
GLORIOUS ROMANCE STIRRING MUSIC
II
^/ATMS^ReATCAST
RANDOLPH SCOTT
DOROTHY lAMOUR AKIM TAMIROFf RAYMOND WAtBURN CHARUS BICKFORD BIN BUS BOABEniPAnBBM mUAMRURiar STARTS rWAY
MASSv f
I
Sunday, October 24, 1937
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
800 Dads' Sedion Tickets Go On Sale At4p. m. Tomorrow Eight hundred “Dad’s Day” tickets for the Dads’ section will go on sale at a special desk in the Memorial Union Building tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock. / Tiditets will be sold on a cash basis, and no tickets will be held, regardless of circumstances. The price of these tickets will be $2.75. ^udents who have not exchanged their passport coupons for ducats at the ticket office may obtain seats in the Dads’ section upon payment of an additional 26 cents. At the same table, tickets for the Union “Day’s Day” luncheon may be obtained for 66 cents. Dr. F. B. Knight, head of the division of education and applied psychology, will be the speaker at the luncheon. Eastwood Blames Athletic Accidents On No Supervision “It is a human failing always to be interested in the spectacular, the morbid, and the pathol^ical occurrences in life,” said !6r. Floyd R. Eastwood, associate professor of physical education, in charge of teacher training and health hygiene at the University in an address before the Indiana High School Coaches’ Association. “In the field of sport, during recent years football has come in for a great deal of unfounded criticism due to the accidents and fatalities yvhich have been reported from time to time by the press and magazines,” continued Dr. Eastwood. Defends Football Defending the game as played under the proper organization and direction, Dr. Eastwood went on to say that most of the school ground accidents are directly associated with unsupervised physical education activities. Listing the causes of high school accidents in three groups, he declared that surveys indicated that '^better leadership could eliminate 31 per cent of the accidents, improved facilities and equipment could eliminate 20 per cent and that the remaining 49 per cent could be reduced only by improved rules. Dr. Eastwood suggested that the minimum age of high school football players should be set at 16 years, and that" freshmen competi-
Fot;dh^m Rallys To Down Texans^ 7-6 After leading for practically the whole game, the Texas Chri^ian Frogs bowed to Fordham 7-6 a*the Polo Grounds, New York, yesterday. Jim Crowley started his second team, but removed them as soon as the Texans pushed over a touchdown early in the first period. O’Brien, of Texas Christian, returned the opening kickoff 67 yards to the Fordham 38 yard stripe. Two plays took the Texans to the 18, where a fupible gave the ball to the Rams. Aldrich recovered a fumble 'for the Frogs on the next play on the 12-yard line. O’Brien’s pass to Looney on the third down was good for a Texas Christian score, but O’Brien missed the try for the extra point. From there on Fordham outplayed the Frogs, but was unable to score until the last three minutes of the game when they finally crossed the goal line and Stanton kicked the point which spelled defeat for Texas Christian. Alpha Lambda Delta Will Initiate Nine Sophomores Nine sophomore girls are to be initiated into Alpha Lambda Delta, freshmen women’s honorary society, this morning at 8:30 in rooms one and two of the Memorial Union Building. After initiation there will be a breakfast in thep easant room. Miss Claire Coolidge, advisor for the group, will be present at the meeting and will explain Alpha Lambda Delta to the new members. The initiates are Mary Frances McLaughlin, Margaret Crankshaw, Mary Beko, Lucy Demoret, Bonita House, Katherine Henderson, Marietta Johnson, Margaret Mathes and Rosemary Ince. Corsages will be gifts of the active members. G. C. Wendling, Named Railroad Superintendent G. C. Wendling, C. E. ’14, of Birmingham, Ala., has been recently appointed superintendent of the Louisville and Nashville railroad. A native of Walton, Wendling has been a resident of Birmingham since 1934, when he went there as division engineer of the L. and N.
tion should be limited or eliminated. Another suggestion was that all high schools have at least three weeks of preseason practice before playing any games, and that they have sufficient warmup periods before each game or practice session.
T/h Fascinating Influence Of Evening Frocks Reveals Itself on Gala Occasions on the Campus Were it-not for an occasional formal affair, life on the campus would be rather dull and indolent. It is the gala occasions that bring both youjig women and men together, revealing beauty and good taste. That’s where our evening frock creations come in, assuring its prospective wearers style and poise so essential at these affairs. They are reasonably priced at S(5:95 Others From $10.95 up LOEBiMENECOAAPANY- ScCOnd FloOV
Gridders Condition To Meet Iowa, Surprised By Two Big Ten Losses Set back-by Ohiq^tate when their own aerials backfired, and outfumbled by Northwestern in an epochal play that will rank with Larry Kelley’s kicked ball, the Boilermakers have been more enraged than disheartened by the outcome of their first two conference starts,~and are girding for a supreme effort in their third bid to break into the Big Ten win column against Iowa here on Dad’s Day next Saturday. Against Iowa’s well - executed power attack, which is built around Nile Kinnick, brilliant quarterback, who is hailed as one of the real sophomore “finds” of the Big Ten, the Boilermakers will match their wide open style of play that makes full use of laterals and forwards in combination with running plays. Cecil Isbell, Lou Brock and Tony Juska are expected to bear the main burden of the Purdue ball lugging, although the sophomores who showed to advantage against Northwesten may surprise Iowa. Since the day back in 1929 when the Boilermakers defeated Iowa, 70, to clinch the undisputed Big Ten title, the series has been noted for its spectacular play and upsets. By virtue of last year’s 13 to 0 victory, Purdue holds tt slim one game edge in the series, with eight triumphs against seven for the Hawkeyes. tr laPorie County High School Group Inspeds University One hundred and fifty boys and girls from the township high schools of LaPorte county spent Friday at the University in a tour of inspection of the campus and buildings. The group travelled here in five busses, arriving about 10 o’clock in the morning and departing at 3 o’clock in the afternoon. The group was in charge of Rose Marie Kronmiller, LaPorte county home demonstration agent.
—MONDAY— 11:00—American Institutions— Prof. Robert Phillips 11:60—^Purdue News Flashes 12:00—Agricultural Forum 12:15—Luncheon Dance Time 12:30—Sports Review— Bob Heine 12:45—^Don Bowden—^popular melodies 1:00—Melody Time 1:16—Can You Pronounce It? 1:46—Market & Weather Reports
Co-eds Interview Visiting Notables
Dr, Gilbreth Leads In Industrial Field • By Gene Pechin A leader in the field of Industrial Engineering is Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, who spoke Wednesday evening to the co-eds and guests of the conference on the different phases of her work and the possibilities of success in„tho’se fields. \ - Interviewing Dr. Gilbreth we found a cultured and poised woman, yet one who has a sincere understanding of human nature. She believes that it is a girl’s responsibility to develop her personality so that she may acquire her place in life with ease. Any girl milst be able to work with people and make herself liked. Developing Character Developing character is second responsibility. Dt. Gilbreth sqggests that if a girl starts a job and then decides that she would rather specialize in a different field she should make herself finish her first task. Such character training will be valuajble in any position that she may later undertake. Asked whether she believed that it is better to work from the bottom up. Dr. Gilbreth answered a most emphatic “Yes.” I X Is the field over crowded? “No, not as yet, because the opportunities for women in the industrial field are so great.” Dr. Gilbreth’s advice to all girls is “decide what field you prefer to work and specialize in; then study and develop a personality.” Mrs. Smith Cites Teaching As Asset By Joan Wimborough ^ “To be successful, you must first decide on the type of work you want to do, and then be awfully good at it,” advised Mrs. Frances Hawley Smith, of the Scott Foresman Publishing Company of Chicago, at the Tffhrsday afternoon session of the WSGA conference. Mrs. Smith has been with the Scott Foresman Publishing House since 1922, and has worked in all departments of the company. She started as a stenographer in the editorial department, which she says, is a very good way to get started in the publishing bifsiness. Teaching A Necessity Teaching is almost a necessary requirement in educational publishing. “After having taught, we can better feel the teacher’s needs, and know what she demands of a text book.” The company’s bsuiness is divided
»the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
Bookstores
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
‘‘DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISI^ DR. LUTHER Jj^ RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701 — Beauty Studio —
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • Co-ed Specials, Thurs, - Fri. KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727
Hardware —
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN — Florist — (RoJth J-io/ddi Inc. 635 Main St. in Lana Theatre Building Phone 7955—8050 — Furniture — Student Equipment ££tqls J’juAnlhvui Qo. 425 Columbia St. Phone 2728
X
Jewelry
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well. Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
into three types of work. First, the editorial department, which does the writing and compiling of the textbook. This department cooperates with the author in revising the copy, and gathering illustrations. The promotion department or the sales department, has divided the United States into three territories in which the company salesmen travel, calling on teachers and superintendents of schools. “Subject Girls” The third type of business is managed by “Subject Girls.” They do the real creative writing—^preparing copy for book covers, and writing advertisements and sales letters. They work in the main office of each territoy, and keep the salesmen acquainted with each new book. “A person must first like books,” said Mrs. Smith in giving general qualifications for publishing work. “She shogld be interested in schools, and be Willing to do any little job well, for everyone must start at the bottom.” “I believe,” Mrs. Smith said in closing, “that a technical school, as Purdue, gives just as good, if not a better background for publishing work, than a liberal arts school. However, one must^ have a sound knowledge of correct English.” Dr. Engle Tells Of Career In Politics By Betty Wickard Interest in political science is the keynote of the career of Miss Lavinia Engle, who now has a position on the staff of the executive director of the Social Security Board in Washington. In addition to holding a doctor’s degree in political science. Miss Engle has had a wide scope of experience in the field of practical politics. Miss Engle describes her term in the legislature of her state, during which she served on the finance committee, as one of the most in-
Fieldhouse Will Be Finished On Schedule Construction on the new fieldhouse has almost come to an end. According to T. R. Johnston, University Publicity Director, A. E. Kemmer, C. E. ’02, building contractor, hopes to have the work completed, and the scaffording taken away, by the end of this month. The original contract called for completion of the fieldhouse by November 17, but Kemmer hopes to have everything cleaned up ahead of time. No definite date has as yet been set for the moving of the Athletic department into its new quarters, nor for opening the building facilities to student use. All of the equipment from the old gym has been moved to the new fieldhouse. Part of the building, the varsity shower room, has been in use since September 15.
teresting and instructive experiences in her career. As the representative of the League of Women Voters, she was a powerful influence in the passage of social legislation and she has been also active in adult education.
Nightingale Quartet Will Present Today's Music Room Concert The Nightingale Quartette, under the direction Of Mrs. Edgar Taylor, will be featured in the Music .Room concert this afternoon at 4 p. m. in the Memorial Union Building. The quartette, consisting of Misses Enid Wilson, Betty Granger, Francis Torrenga, and Arsene Summers, will present a selection of songs, including Dear Old Girl, Mah Lindy Lou, Old Folks at Home, Lullaby, and Wagon Wheels. jlnid Wilson and Arsene Summers will sing Mother Machree, and Come Love With Me, as solos. Accompanist for the quartette and soloists will be Lois Coffing. Irish Defeat Middies By Close Margin; 9-7 J Notre Dame’s fighting Irish came back late in the game y^esterday to edge out the Middies in their annual game by the slim margin of a safety, 9-7. Navy players hopped onto a Notre Dame fumble in the opening period on the Irish 9 yard line, and pushed over their only touchdown. The conversion gave them a 7-0 lead until the fourth quarter when Notre Dame finally came through with a touchdown, followed by Puplis’ extra point and a safety in the last five minutes of the game.
—^Today— Alpha Lambda Delta: Initiation in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union at 8 a. m. Alpha Lambda Delta; Breakfast in f the peasant room of the Union at 9 a. m. Convocation for Worship: Dr. R. M. Davis will speak on “Religion—A. Defense Mechanism” in Eliza Fowler Hall at 10:30 a. m. Christian Science: Christian Science lecture in Eliza Fowler Hall at 8 p. m. —^Tomorrow— Agricultural Staff: Luncheon in the faculty lounge of the Union at 12 noon. State of the University Committee: Meeting in the faculty lounge of the Union at 4 p. m. Xi Sigma Pi: Meeting in room D of the Union at 4 p. m.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
ByLkhty
C«gi. U» Jhr Cnttod rtaton SyodiMt^ iM.
“We always give ten to the dozen—^that way we save yoji the trouble of throwing out the two bad onesII ^ p I
r I !
3 f' m
'if' Uf V ill.d
/
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sundayf October 24» 1937 ^^),
The charming little “carny” dancer is Irene Dunn, the genial 'barker is Raymond Walburn, and the action takes place in “High, Wide and Handsome,” the gripping story of Pennsylvania during the days when oil was discovered, which opens today at the Mars Theatre. The story is by Oscar Hammerstein II and the music by Jerome Kern. Randolph Scott is the male romantic lead.
Debris Picture Sittings
MONDAY, OCT. 25 00 OConnor, J R 05 Sines, J 10 Stevens, R F 15 Knepple, R M 20 Small, Jean M 26 Raber, Bonnie H 30 Warner, Alvera 35 Wells, Lenore 40 Whitsel, Ruth H 45 Harper, R. S. 60 Freese, Karl 55 Graham, T. W. .00 Holzbach, R ;05 Hopkins, H :10 Heller, E. W. :16 Petersen, F G :20 Wise, Emily L :25 Kidd, R H. •30 Simonton, G E :36 Larsen, H K. :40 Wolverton, W. B. ;45 Leonard, J. S :50 Skinner, M E 65 Lauschke, E M .00 Senne, J E. :06 Yoder, Harriet E. :10 Lowles, A. W. :15 Grubb, H. V. :20 Meyer, W. :25 Mueller, K. :30 Underwood, M L. ;36 Van Hoy, R. E :40 Kurtz, L. T. :46 Shirk, S. S :60 Timmins, K. L. :66 Kingsley, L. D. :00 Sprankle, K. W. :06 Schellhase, H. E. :10 Shay, Anna :15 Francis, E, M. :20 Fusiek, W. •.25 Poor, Marjorie :30 Hinchman, M, E. :35 Hoffman, I. :40 McChntock, J. A. :46 Smith, C. E. :50 Parkhurat, N. M. :00 Furman, P. P. :55 Hill, H. F. :00 Hoffman, R. 0. :06 Merz, R. L. :10 Moore, D. G. :16 Murray, H. C. ;20 Van Doren, Ben s ;26 Varley, J. W. ;30 Tam, D. R. :35 Lindsey, E. R. ;40 Hhie, L. H. ;45 Warrick, W. H. ;60 Reitzel, 3. A. :55 Stromm, S. M. ;00 Smith, A. M. ;06 Honse, R. W. il'O Speaker, T. B. 16 Selfer, J, H. :20 Moore, E. E. :25 Mueller, R. J. :30 Thoma, W. P. ;36 Thompson, E. A. :40 Lieman, W. W. 45 Laylor, F. E. ;60 Schurman, F. G. ;65 Jarett, Mary Gene ;00 Turner, R. E. 06 Wright, E. K. :10 Westhater, F. L. V. :15 Wheeler, G. W. ;20 White, R. L. .25 Weihs, L. S .30 Suesse, R A :35 Swann, S. B. 40 Kendall, E, P :45 Wilson, R. D. 50 Lyon, Lyda 55 McFarland, Virginia 00 Reik, K M. 05 Delong, R. G. .10 Dees, H. C •15 Holloway, V.
4 20 Harrison, C W 4 ;25 Hefner, A. J. 4 30 Gibson, O. B 4 :36 Glassman, 1 4 40 Graham, C. E 4 :46 Hale, N H 4 .50 Menk, E W 4 -65 Milne, W K 5 .00 Reeves, M C. TUESDAY, OCT. 26 8:00 Krattebol, A M 8.05 Jorgeson, C. M 8:10 Wakefield, M T 8 16 Wallace, A C 8.20 Weist, R. W 8 ^25 Smith, DA. M 8:30 Garrettson, J A 8 36 Peterson, W A 8 :40 Pforzheimer, H. 8:45 Poehlmann, G W. 8 :60 Landis, R D 8:65 Bond, W H 9:00 Reed, W. B 9 .06 Reinhard, N K 9.10 Scott, H C. 9 :16 Waling, J. L 9 :20 Daugherty, J W 9 .26 Olmstead, J. W. 9:30 McDonall, C J 9 :35 Lucek, J G 9 .40 Lyles, J. M 9:46 McClamroch, R P. 9 :50 McIntyre, H N 9 .65 Girard, J. P 10:00 Putze, L. E. 10:05 LaMasters, C. 10 :10 Lahr, A C. 10:16 Fisher, A. K 10 :20 Shoemaker, J H 10:26 Murray, J R 10:30 Sheetz, J E 10:35 Neilson, C. B 10:40 Saunders, L B 10:46 Sadler, C L. 10 :60 Royer, B. A 10:55 Reynolds, W. H 11:00 Nelson, J. W 11:05 Palmer, N. E. 11:10 Turner, Eleanor ,11:16 Slater, F. M. , 11:20 Slattery, D. A 11:25 Smith, C E 11:30 Smith, O. L 11:35 Smaker, R E 11-.40 Pell, K. L. 11:45 Phelps, E H 11:60 Lloyd, R. 12:60 Luke, C. R. 12 :56 Harte, R. A. 1:00 McCoy, O. B 1:06 McCullough, G E. 1:10 McDonald, P. T.
McLELLAN’S STORE Invites all Purdue students to visit their NEW STORE
Entire stock of Men’s fine Clothing, Furnishings and Shoes being sold at sensational price reductions during a spectacular price-cutting crusade which is now in full speed SINGER'S CLOTHING STORE Third and Columbia Streets.
Marion Stephenson Tells Of Applying Her Camera Interest To Fashion Work
By Mary Cooley That Purdue women .,are vitally interested in fashions is evidenced by the fact that group discussion on commercial photography drew the largest attendance at the Conference on Women’s Work and Opportunities. Marion Stephenson, internatiohal fashion expert of New York City, held the rapt attention oi^the audience with her enthusiastic lecture on living fashions. Miss Stephenson supplemented her interesting information with photographs mounted on display screens. With the help of a lantern, pictures were projected 6n a screen and accompanied with vivid description of circumstances. Camera Hobby With a bachelor’s degree in home economics from Washington State and her collection of cameras as a working basis, Miss Stephenson created her own profession. She
1 :15 McLaughlin, F. H. 1:20 Morrison, D A. 1.26 Morgan, B. D. 1:30 Musbaum, W. C 1.36 Van Buskeik, G B. 1:40 Taylor. J, L 1:46 Malaska, P. D 1:50 Sanders, W. B. 1.56 Ross, M. M. 2 :00 Turley, Jim . 2 05 Tippy, J. V. 2:10 Thomson, R E 2 ;15 Mayo, D E 2 :20 Wickersham, R. O 2 -25 Williams, S. C. 2:30 Woer, R. C. 2 :36 Woltman, C J 2 .40 Wood, R. W. 2-45 Renn, H O 2 .60 Wright, G. S. 2 :66 Younglove, F. L. 3:00 Greenwood, H. F 3 :05 Griffenhagen, R P 3.10 McSheehy, J. R. 3 :15 Thoma. E C 3 :20 Taylor, D. E 3:25 Surdi, J. 3 :30 Wright, N. B 3:36 Maahs, C. E 3 :40 Markel, B. S 3:46 Marlow, D. R 3 :60 Manion, R. P. 3:56 Good, A. R 4 :00 Kingsbury, R. C. 4:06 Love, W. B. 4^10 Luken, A. G 4 .16 Wakelam, Virginia 4 :20 McWilliams, J. S 4 .'26 Hhiel, C. C. 4:30 Miller, S O. 4:36 Marshall, P. R. 4 :40 Martin, E. H. 4 :45 Kupchick, Walter 4 .60 Kumpf, E. L. 4:66 Karff, G. L.
confessed^ that the University cam era club absorbed her interest during her undergraduate days. S’ Then when she got into fashion scouting between United States and Europe she found that the conven tional style sketches were ineffee tive and lifeless in contrast to the lifelil^e photos of models. Now, in her New York studio of Lmng Fashions, Inc., she works with injternationally famous stylists and designers, photographing for both editorial and advertising purposes. Photographs Latest Models She photographs the very latest models at Paris openings; likewise she catches many fashion leaders at the leading resorts of the social world — Cannes, France;' Palm Springs, and IVIjami Beach. Her “candid camera” shows us not only what is the present vogue but what is coming; in fact, she helps bring it. Miss Stephenson’s versatility is revealed by her favorite interests which tempt her from her New York business apartment. Her devotion to her husband and the enjoyment of her farm home assured us that her busy life includes home interests. First Visit Here On this her first visit to Purdue, Miss Stephenson expressed enthusiasm over the splendid facilities and wonderful opportunities offered to girls in home economics. She expressed regret that home ec classes were not in session Thursday, because she wished to photograph classes working. To the aspiring stylist in her discussion group she advised, “Take evei’y bit of art you can possibly get in preparation for your "design
Notices Ko Noticea Accepted After 8 pJMu
Christian Foundation Students: Tickets for Halloween skating party sponsored by Purdue Christian Foundation, to be held October 30, are now on salej,^ Marshall Allman has charge of ticket sale. —CRISS.
Co-ed Bowling: The women’s bowling tournament will be postponed until October 28 'becaiuse of Vocational Guidance Meeting, —COFFMAN.
WSGA Activities Committee: No interviews the remainder of this week. Will all the members of my committee meet me October 26 at 4 p. m. in thd office. i —JONES.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Initiation October 24 at 8:30 a. m. in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building. —ANDERSON.
POMM: Meeting in Armory at 4 p. m. October 26. All members and pledges must be piesent in dress uniform. —SPRINGMAN.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting postponed until November 2 because of Convocation conflict. —WINTER.
WAA Riflery: No practice October 26. -CHRISTENSON.
WAA Hockey: Schedule for games next week. October 25, juniors vs. seniors. October 26, freshmen vs. juniors. October 27, freshmen vs. sophomores. October 28, sophomores vs. seniors. In case of rain, game will be played the following day. —DOBSON.
Wesley Foundation: All freshmen who wish to be active in the Wesley Foundation are invited to the freshman commission breakfast on October 24 at 8 a. m. Free. —McFADDEN.
WAA Hockey Squads: Freshmen: B. Beaudry, L. Gabler, E Heeter,! Y. Holden, V. Horne, D. Moorehouse, M. McKnight, M. A. Rumann, E. Schfers, B. Smith, J. Stickler, L. Thomas. Sophomores: V. Beck, S. Bouton, M. Buck, J. Cook, B. Cook, M. Clymer, W. Graybill, M. Holtman, M. Mathers, J. Morris, K. Mounce, W. Ray, K. Shearer, B. Spears, B. Roderick, M. Schroeder, G. Walker, I. Weishaar, W. Clapp. Juniors: J. Bailey, V. Blank, J. Campbell, M. Davidson, B. Dobson, L. Harry, E. Maier, K. Merritt, J. Major, J. Schaefer, P. Swick, R. Wileey, R. Vandiver, M. Townsend. Seniors: M. Brewer, L. Banta, H. Beko, J. Bosco, M. Campbell, M. E. Deleplane, M. Jenkins, M. McKinsey, E. Tubbs, J. Wakelorn, L. Dobson, A. Burget. —DOBSON.
Briger, Valery Armstrong, Nella Boes, ^etty Hass, Betty Soehner, Frieda Reicher, D. J. Henniger, Harriet Shepard, Dfewis Juillard. Phil Stasch, Joy Johnston.
Playshop: Anyone interested in painting and designing sets for the next four shims please report{ in the Theater office October” 24 at 4 o’clock. —CROMER. WAA Fencing: Co-ed fencing in the women’^ gym October 26 at 4 p. m. Wear gym clothes. „ . —DANIEL.
♦ »
Orbhesis Club: Meeting of all members and interested persons in Women’s gym at 4 p. m. October 26. _haRRY.
Co-ed Dancing Class: Meet in W^imen’s gym at 7 p m. October 26. —HARRY.
Playshop Lighting Crew: Be prepared to work in the Union sub-basement at 4 o’clock October 26. —BEAMING."
Scrivener: Staff meeting October 24 in Scrivener office at 2 :30 p m —BROCK.
YWCA Literary Group: Meeting in the YWCA office at 4 p. m. October 26. -BEAMING.
Freshman Basketball: All freshmen basketball candidates report at 4 p. m. October 26 in the Memorial Gymnasium. —LAMBERT.
* fl
WAA Archery: Will be indoors at 4 p. m. October 26. —BOEHM.
Reamer Club: Importai^t meeting October 26 at 8 p. m. in Union Building. Every'member expected to be present. —ROSS.
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and^ repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. G. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
WANTED — Student to share double room. Single bed. Private entrance. 437 Vine.
ROOM AND BOARD—Two students, corner of campus. 6 Waldron. Phone 2671.
Playshop: Will the following people please meet in the Theater offices in Fowler Hall October 24 at 4 p. m : John Scott, Mon'^ Balem, Marjory Starrett, Lewis Dillon, Evelyn ^chuber, Mary Van Smith, Janet
LOST—Slidfe Rule in EE Building room 224. Russell Pratt. Phone 3301.
Save That SATISFIED SMILE FOR SUNSHINE COTTAGE CHEESE
Made from the purest quality of cream. You’re sure to like its creamy, white smoothness. You’ll never tire of its delicious fresh flavor.
SUNSHINE FARMS
4