H \t
Purdue
Z>1«
Exponent
Volume 51, No. 177
Sunday, May IZ 1940
A Week of War
By J. H. McKee
Europeans Awoke Friday Morning To Hear ... the thunderous explosions of Germany’s “total war” upon the western countries of the continent, and in particular upon the low countries, Belgium, The Netherlands, and the Grand Duchy of Luxemburg. In a terse statement in the orders of the day yesterday to the invading German armies Adolf Hitler announced that the Reich was starting the fight that would “decide the fate of the German nation for the next thousand years. Do your duty!” By land and air the Nazi troops carried out the
orders of “der Fuehrer.”
As bombers dived on airdromes at Brussels and Antwerp in Belgium and at Rotterdam and Amsterdam in The Netherlands, superbly-equipped troops crossed Dutch canals and fiooded lowlands in rubber boats. On Dutch and Belgian airports dropped German parachute-landed infantrymen.
Defending The Nazi
. . . invasion of the low countries, Foreign Minister Joachim von ]^bbentrop stated that Germany based her invasion on “conclusive proof” that Belgium and The Netherlands, in active connivance with France, were about to invade Germany’s rich Ruhr valley industrial centers. “Germany had to act first,” said the foreign minister. The same argument used to justify the Scandinavian campaign was again voiced, that of offering “protection” to the three victims if they capitulated,
and war if they resisted. Little Luxemburg
. . . with an area of less than one hundred square miles, and a population numbering about three hundred thousand, capitulated before the invasion was well undei way. The dwarf aimy of 212 men and one officer could offer no resistance to the steam roller Nazi machine.
Following A Slim Vote ... of confidence victory in the House of Commons Thursday, Neville Chamberlain resigned his position as British prime minister on Friday. Ten minutes later fiery First Lord of the Admiralty Winston Churchill, visited Buckingham Palace, kissed the king’s hand, as a sign of acceptance, and was named prime minister. Churchill is faced with 'the problem of forming a coalition cabinet, joining Labor, Liberal, and Conservative party members. The first blast of cabinet criticism was voiced by Liberal Leader Sir Archibald Sinclair, who last week demanded that Chamberlain “go.”
Dutch Shock Troops
... in a counter blitzkrieg yesterday recaptured three airdromes at The Hague and Rotterdam, in a battle in which the Rotterdam port
(Continued on page 4)
mini Defeat Riveters, 9-4; Hit Higgins, Bailey Freely By Rolfe Jenkins Illinois University won its second straight game over the Boilermaker nine on Ross-Ade Field yesterday afternoon with A1 Grant hurling five-hit ball while his teammates collected 14 safeties to slap down the Gold and Black, 9-4. Play was not quite so wild yes- ___________________________
terday, but many of the same miscues and more walks contributed measurably to the scoring. Evers started the game off in the first inning when he pounded a home run with Pyrz on base. Pyiz had reached first qn the first of his four singles. Purdue Gets 3 Purdue wasted no hits in its half of the opening frame. Hearne and McFerren, the first two men to bat, each reached first on an error. Hearne scored fiom third on Smithson’s fly to right field, Mackiewicz walked, and Vernon knocked both McFerren and Mackiewicz in on a single to left center. It gave the Boilermakers the lead for the only time in the two game series. A single by Astroth, visiting third baseman, a sacrifice by Grant and another single by Pyrz added the tying run for Illinois when Evers walked, Drish singled him to third, a double steal sent Eveis borne and Drish to second, and Brewer’s hit scored Drish. Grant Holds Riveters For five innings, from the second to the sixth. Grant set the Boilermakers down much like he did a yeai ago in his 1-0 triumph over Bailey at Champaign. He held the Gold and Black hitless from the time Stamm grounded out in the fiist inning until Wargo hit a pinch single with two men out in the seventh. Higgins, who opened the game for Purdue, gave way to Bob Bailey at the start of the seventh. The junior right hander, who was touched for seven runs on four hits Friday while Mackiewicz and Hearne helped the Illini along with two errors each, was still far from himself In the last two innings he walked five men, allowed three hits, threw one wild pitch and was the victim of a passed ball and two er-
Mothers Feted At Special Programs
Chi Omega, Delta Upsilon
Yesterday, Today Win Tenth University Sing
Yesterday Purdue turned out in g
May Queen Kepner Presides At Annual All-Campus Contest
After Grant retired Stamm and Fisher m the seventh. Waigo batted for Higgins and pounded a single to right. Waigo advanced to third on Hearne’s hit through short, but the Illinois pitcher recovered, forcing McFerren to pop up. An eiroi by Pyrz, brilliant short stop, let Smithson reach first base safely in the eighth. Mac popped out, and Waterhouse slapped a hard single to center. The runners stopped at second and third after Evers juggled the ball. The runners advanced on Vernon’s fly to left, Smithson crossing the plate with the last run for Purdue. Stamm singled Waterhouse to third, but Fisher fouled out to Brewer to end the inning. / Bailey Holds Illini Two singles and a walk went to no avail for Illinois in the ninth. Astroth hit to center. Grant then lined into a double play, A walk and a single followed, but Bailev retired the next batter. Bill Hapac, who hit two triples, a homer and a single Friday, went (Continued on page 2) "Piggy" Lambert . . . illustrious Boilermaker basketball mentor, will be the guest of honor at the first “celebrity night” of the season to bp held at the Hazelden Country Club at Brook on Wednesday, May 22, it was announced yesterday by George Ade. The idea of holding these “celebrity nights” was innaugurated by Mr. Ade last year, and proved so successful that they will be continued this year, fihick Evans, wizard of golf, and Bo McMillen, Indiana football coach, are scheduled for similar appearances later this season.
Yesterday Purdue turned out in all of its finery to welcome MOTHER. For this is the week-end which has been set aside as the time when we pay special tribute to her. A round of special gala events yesterday and a somewhat' less strenuous progi’am today is Purdue’s tribute
to visiting mothers.
Today’s schedule of entertainment is headed with a special breakfast for all mothers in the faculty lounge of the Union at 8:30 a.m. Following the breakfast. Dr. Lillian Gilbreth will speak on “The Art of Living,” at a special service, sponsored by YWCA in Eliza Fowler Hall. Music for the program will be furnished by the Concert Choir.
Celeste Program
Mrs. Joe Regains, wife of the assistant music director, will present two programs on the celeste from the roof of Fowler Hall this morning. The music will be broadcast by two loud speakers from 9:10 to 9:30 and again from 10:15 to 10:45. Presentation of the annual Gymkhana by the Riding Club on Intramural Field at 2:30 will round
Today's Program 8:30 a.m.—Breakfast — Faculty lounge. 9:30 a.m.—Y W C A Service for Mothers—Dr. Lillian Gilbreth will speak on “The Art of Living.” 11:00 a.m.—Religious Services — Lafayette and West Lafayette Churches. 2:30 p.m.—Gymkhana—Intramural field — Purdue Riding Club.
out the week-end program which got under way yesterday noon as six hundred people, approximately two fifths of them mothers, attended a luncheon and program in the south Union ballroom. President E. C. Elliott and Dorothy C. Stratton, Dean of Women, welcomed the visiting mothers to the campus. Mothers viewed the new Music Hall as they attended the preliminaries of the University sing in that building yesteiday afternoon. Following the preliminaries of the University sing, the program shifted to the Union where mothers had an opportunity to meet and talk with President Elliott, Dean Stratton, Dean Fisher, and the heads of the various schools. 560 Attend Reception Approximately 560 mothers, parents and students attended the reception prog 1 am which included inti oduction of the nine Moi tar Board pledges which were announced yesterday, two numbers by the modern dance group, under the direction of Miss Knight, of the women’s physical edupation department, and several numbers by the men’s Glee Club. Tea was served to the visiting mothers. The evening’s program included crowning of Ellen Kepner as May Queen by President Elliott at the finals of the University sing in the Music Hall. The production of Playshop’s last play of the current year, “Fresh Fields,” and the Mother’s Day mixer in the Union ballroom completed yesterday’s entertain..rtent. Knipp To Deliver Twentieth Century Physics Lecture Tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. in the lecture room of the physics building, J. K. Knipp, of the physics department, will speak on *“What is the Atom?” The lecture, one of the twentieth centuiy physics series, is given especially for juniors and seniors, but everyone is invited to attend. In his talk, Knipp will describe the development of the atom as the physical basis of chemistry. Next week Prof, Carlson, also of the physics department, will continue the series when he speaks on “Cosmic Rays.”
Number One Guest
(An Editorial)
... of the campus today is not a governor, nor a nationally known singer, nor a famed orator. Rather, our guest is to one person, at least, the most important visitor Purdue will ever have. We mean you. Mother. Yesterday the Union planned a day of extensive activity in your honor, including a luncheon, reception, University Sing, and Mother’s Day mixer. Today, the day set aside for special thoughts of you by the entire nation, you may attend a mother’s breakfast, YWCA services, and this afternoon’s Gymk-
hana program.
True, we are college students, most of us away from home. Many of us are very busy, or like to think we are very busy, running a slide rule, planning diets, working in our activities, or working for part or all of our expenses. Perhaps we don’t write you as often as you would like us to. We are often accused of being a thoughtless class, of having little sentiment and a hardened soul. But in our hearts, we are glad to have you with us today. Most of you personify that institution upon which civilization finds its foundation . . . the integrity of the family group. Your ideals, inspiration, and thoughtful criticism may be the deciding factor in our success or failure. Our program is for you . . . but we have just a little selfish motive behind it, too. You see, we still believe that those students whose mothers are here today are just as happy to have you here as you are to be here! We know that we should think of you every day . . . not just on an arbitrary “Mother’s Day.” Many of us do . . . some of us don’t. But in any event, we think Mother’s Day is important on America’s calendar. We hope the Student Union sponsored program will continue annually just as long as Purdue exists. And if you, John or Mary Purdue, wear a red carnation today, we hope you can take mother by the arm and attend the day’s program with her. If she cannot be with you, or if you wear a white carnation, set aside a few moments for precious thoughts
of ... Mother.
Field Narrowed To Six In IM Tennis Tourney Going into the final rounds of the hotly contested interfraternity tennis matches, we find only six houses, Beta Sigma Psi, Alpha Tau Omega, Sigma Pi, Phi Kappa Psi, Sigma Alpha Mu and Pi Kappa Phi, left in the steadily narrowing field. Alpha Tau Omega and Beta Sigma Psi are vieing for top honors m the upper bracket and will play each other in the semi-final round, while the remaining four teams will play off their matches within the next few days to determine the leading fraternity in the lower bracket.
Peggy Terstegge Receives Fellowship Appointment Peggy Terstegge, HE, ’40, was recently notified of her appointment to the Danforth Fellowship, which is provided by the Ralston Purina Ceieal Co. The selection is made each year from all the home economics students at the University by the heads of the departments of the Home Economics School in collaboration with other faculty members on the basis of grades, activities, appearance, personality, and promise of future achievements. .
Chi Omega, under the direction of Lois Hollingsworth, and Delta Upsilon, directed by Frank Stenburg, last night won first places in the sorority and fraternity divisions of the annual University sing held in „the Hall of Music. Preceding the sing President E. C. Elliott crowned Ellen Kepner Queen of the May. University orchestra, conducted by Joseph Ragains, opened the program with three selections from “Henry VIII” and the overture to “The Magic Flute,” by Mozart. Following these numbers the May Qq6en, attended by two flower girls, and the members of her court marched down the center aisle of the Hall to the stage, where the Queen knelt in front of the throne and received her crown from President Elliott. A harp interlude by Evelyn Gulhon and Jean Miller completed this part of the evening’s program. In addition to Chi Omega and Delta Upsilon, two sororities, five fraternities, and Cary Club, who all survived the preliminary eliminations held in the afternoon, competed in the finals of the sing, which followed the May Day ceremonies. The sororities were Alpha Xi Delta and Pi Beta Phi, while the fraternity gFoup included Alpha Tau Omega, Delta Tau Delta, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Sigma Chi, and Sigma Pir^ Although they sang in the evening’s contest, Cary Club decided not to compete with the other groups. The Chi Omegas,-dressed in red formals, sang, “Chi Omega Toast” and “Sweetheart of Chi Omega,” while “Delta Upsilon” and “DU, DU” were presented by Delta Upsilon fraternity. The DU's wore dark trousers and white shirts. Purdue Radio . . . Guild elected Dick Pittenger, president; Mai Ross, vice-president; Arminta Pierce, secretary; Fred Elley, treasurer; and Betty Erick, alumni secretary, foi the 1940-41 school year at a meeting last Thursday.
Horsemen Stage Gymkhana Today
Following a colorful paiade down Intramural Field of all participants mounted on their horses, the 1940 Gymkhana, sponsored by the Purdue Riding Club, will get under way this afternoon at 2:30 with spirited competition in various events for men and women. The Gymkhana is an annual horsemanship show staged for visiting mothers. Women Open Program First competition of the afternoon will be in horsemanship class for women, in which theie are 10 student entries, and a class for three-gaited saddle hoises. Five entries, owned locally by R. H. Puterbaugh, Mr. and Mrs. W. P. Andrews, Mrs. C. F. Kreighbaum, and Mrs. Rose Robinson, will compete for three-gaited honors. Considerable interest is focussed on a special “fancy get-up” class in which the entries will be rated 50 per cent on vehicle and harness, 25 pel cent on the horse, and 25 per cent on dress. Several surprise entries have been made in this class. Novelty Events A horsemanship class for men, with eight student entries, will precede the novelty musical chairs event, open to both men and women, which usually generates into a hilarious scramble before the winner
Riding Club Equestrienne Goes Over A Hurdle
is determined. George Rund, Mrs. Rose Robinson, with well-trained mounts. Dr. G. A. Thomas, Dr. O. E. Guest, and Tom Graham all have entries in the five-gaited saddle hoi’se class which will provide one of the afternoon’s highlights. Trotting Race One of the new events will be a trotting race under saddle, which will be followed by a junior horse-
manship class for boys and girls undei 15 years of age in which there are eight local entries, including Raymond Leill, Patricia Robbins, Anita Nichol, Patricia Robinson. Barbara Robinson, Elizabeth Girvin, Magdala Thomas, and Maxine Flanagan. As the final wind-up of the afternoon, members of the Algonquin Riding Club, Indianapolis, will combine in an exhibition of jumping.
11il’C i,"- ’ V ^''’ ■i ^ ^ ' "" - -. >^,-v
iVi
.
PUBDOE EXPONENT
Sunday, May 12, 1940
Expect 1,000 Foremen' At Conference May 18 Approximately one thousand foremen affiliated with the industries of Indiana and the neighboring states, as well as representatives of agencies interested in foreman training, are expected to attend the first Foreman’s Institute of Indiana which will be held on the campus next Saturday. Outstanding authorities in their respective fields will appedr on the program which will emphasize the methods by which foremen may be better able to handle personnel responsibilities, as well as the study of new trends in methods of production. Opening Address Following an address of welcome )jy Prof, P. C. Hockeraa, assistant to the president, and an outline of the purposes of the Institute by Prof. R. J. Greenly, the program will be opened with a discussion of “Profits From Good Industrial Relations” by C. S. Craigmile, vicepresident of the Belden Manufacturing Co., and an address on “The Foreman of Tomorrow” by Thomas H. Quigley, professor of trade and industrial education, Georgia School of Technology, who will fly from Atlanta to attend the meeting. Louis Ruthenberg, president of Servel, Inc., of Evansville, will be the principal speaker at a noon luncheon. Paul E. Bergevin, co-or-dinator of the Anderson public schools, a member of the educational committee of the National Association of Foremen, will preside, and R. B. Stewart, University controller, will act as toastmaster. Afternoon Program Seven separate round table discussions on topics related to foremanship work ■will be held in the afternoon with outstanding authorities as leaders. Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the Purdue division of education and applied psychology, will be the principal speaker at the banquet on the evening which will close the institute. Large group movements of foremen and executives from leading industrial centers of the state to the campus for the one day conference have already been planned. Monkeys, People Worry Too Much SaysProtessor Seattle, Wash., May 11—(AGP) —People and monkeys worry too much, according to Dr. J. P. Fulton, professor of psychology at Yale University, who admits—guardedly —that “folks have to worry some or they would never learn anything” Since monkeys demonstrate worrying abilities, Dr. Fulton explained they are used to experiment with the nature and results of worry. “We had a chimpanzee that was taught something and later did it ■wrong.” the psychologist recalled. “The chimp worried and fretted like a frustrated child. But after we removed its frontal lobe it didn’t worry about anything.” Of course, he warned, people who didn’t have a frontal lobe would go about touching hot stoves eternally, because that’s the part of the brain associated ■with memory and the trial-and-error device. By studying the simians. Dr. Fulton explained, scientists eventually will be able to diagnose worries— and perhaps eliminate them to a great extend in a far-off day.
ARC
— TODAY - MONDAY — A WOMAN n. GERMAN WAR LORDS!
— ALSO — / A Pete Smith Specialty
mini Defeat Riveters Anna Jarvis Originates First Mother's (Continued from page 1) Dayj Secomes hlationol Uol/day In 1913
hitless yesterday. Twice he fiied to right, and once he ended a dangerous inning by batting into a double play with one out and the bases full. That was the climax of Higgins’ pitching, which was particularly effective during the fourth, fifth, sixth, and seventh innings before he was removed.
Summary:
Illinois (9)
AB R H PO A
Dreschler, If .... 4 Pyrz, ss 6 sEvers, cf Hapac,.Jrb 3 Milosevich, rf ... 5 Drish, 2b 4 Brewer, c 5 Astroth, 3b . . ..4 Grant, p 3
0 10 1 3
Totals 38 9 14 27 10 Purdue (4) AB R H PO A Hearne, ss 5 115 3 McFerren, 2b .... 5 10 5 3 Smithson, 2b .... 6 10 5 1 Mackiewicz, 3b 3 1 0 0 2 Waterhouse, If 4 0 1 1 0 Vernon, cf 4 0 13 0 Stamm, rf ... . 4 0 1 3 0 Fisher, c 3 0 0 6 1 Higgins, p 2 0 0 2 0 Wargo, ph 7 .... 10 10 0 Bailey, p 0 0 0 0 0 Yeager, ph 9 .... 0 0 0 0 0 Totals 36 4 5 27 12 Errors—Astroth (2), Pyrz, Evers, Drish, Grant; Hearne, Waterhouse, Stamm. Home Run—Evers. Stolen Bases—Evers (2), Drish; Mackiewicz. Runs Batted In —Evers (2), Pyrz, Hapac, Brewer; Vernon (3), Smithson. Double Plays—McFerren to Hearne to Smithson; McFerren (unassisted). Sacrifice—Grant. Hits —Off Higgins 11 in seven innings; Bailey 3 in two innings. Struck Out —By Grant (2); Higgins (2); Bailey (2). Bases on Balls—Off Grant (2); Higgins (4); Bailey (5). Hit by Pitcher—By Grant (Fisher). Wild Pitch—Bailey. Passed Ball— Fisher. Left on Bases—Illinois (11), Purdue (7). Secord Will Speak At Forensic Banquet Arthur Secord will be the speaker for the Ninth Annual Stage-Stump-Studio Banquet which will be held at Lincoln Lodge Thursday evening, May 16. Mr. Secord has taught speech at the University of Michigan for the last four years. During the eight years prior to that, he was teaching the same subject at the Paw Paw High School. He has taught on the speech staffs of the Universities of Western Ontario, London, Ontario, Canada, during the past four suifimer sessions. Lecturing before service clubs and business and professional groups in both Michigan and Canada, he has earned quite a reputation with his wide variety of interesting subjects. Although the subject of his speech has not yet been announced, he has promised to make it interesting and entertaining.
By Tad Stiers We can say “Merry Christmas” at Christmastide, “Happy New Year” when we usher in a brand new year, even “Happy Birthday” when the occasion arises, but even the best of authorities seem speechless in giving us something appropriate to come out of our mouths when Mother’s own day rolls around. All this is especially sad v^en one considers the relish with which several commercial organizations — notably florists—take in seeing that the occasion is celebrated properly. Tried and true sources say that the idea sprang from mother worship in ancient Greece, while formal mother-worship was performed on the Ides of March throughout Asia Minor. Started In 1906 But it was our own United States that started the ball rolling. The idea originated with a Miss Anna Jarvis of Philadelphia after her mother died in 1906. On Sunday, May 9, 1907, she told a friend that she wanted to dedicate a day to all mothers. And before the next anniversary came around she had interested many individuals and organizations in the observance of the second Sunday in May as Mother’s Day. So as a result of her efforts, Philadelphia observed the day in 1908. Inspired by this success, Miss Jarvis then became the missionary of the day, writing thousands of letters to men in all walks of life, interviewing many public men to plead for this cause. Since 1912 the governor of Texas has observed the day by pardoning a number of prisoners; it has been a State holiday in Pennsylvania since 1913. And finally on May 13, 1913, a resolution passed the Senate and House of Representatives to make the second Sunday in May a national holiday “dedicated to the memory of the best mother in the world, your mother.” Following the adoption of this resolution by Congress, President Wilson issued a proclamation declaring that the second Sunday in May should be observed as Mother’s Day, and called upon government officials to display the American flag on all government buildings. And the people were requested to also display the flag at their homes and other suitable places “as a public expression of our love and reverence for the mothers of our country.” International Holiday So Anna Jar^vis was the means of organizing an organization that became international as well as national, for England has had Mother’s Days also since 1913. However, it wasn’t until 1926 that the idea invaded our campus. Pi Kappa Alpha Takes Horseshoe Tourney Winding up the often delayed but hard fought Interfraternity horseshoe tournament. Pi Kappa Alpha emerged on top of the fraternity heap last Friday afternoon by virtue of victory over Alpha Gamma Rho by the score of 60-26. In the semi-final round of the tourney, the Alpha Gamma Rho representatives, Swain and Bogue, defeated Beta Theta Pi by the score of 51-44, only to fall to Pi Kappa Alpha representatives Schwartz and Pogue.
lARMSTU STARTS TODAY UPROARIOUS FUN! Heartwarming adventure with 40 society girls, a lonely professor ...and the most wonderful new star of 1940-Bahy “Chum"!/
when the-University officially sponsored a Mother’s Day with a tea in the Union one Saturday afternoon which approximately 2B0 sttidents and their mothers ^attended. Large baskets of spring flowers, ferns, and palms Constituted the greater part of the decorations, while entertainment was in the form of harp, piano, and vocal solos. The next year the song fest was introduced, and in ’28 was held the first combined May Day and Mother’s Day celebration. It was an all day affair, beginning with an early morning breakfast sponsored by the YW, an afternoon pageant in the oval, and then at night a musical program with numbers by the men and women’s glee clubs. From then on, our programs have become more and more elaborate, with more and more mothers invading the campus for the day.
Notices
Outing Club: All members and all persons interested in the Outing Club are urged to attend the next business meeting of the 9lub on Monday, May 13, in room 261 of the Union at 7:30 p.m. The constitution and the next outing will be the main business under consideration. —CORDUA. EE Seniors: All students wishing to have their picture included in the 1940 class picture please fill out the form provided in the main office of the electrical engineeiv ing building. Please do this promptly. —STRADLING.
Chemistry 29 Conditions: Exams will be held at 1 p.m. Saturday, MAy 18, in Dr. McBee’s office in the Chem building. McBEE.
Gimlet Pledges: Meet at SPE house on Monday, May 13, at 8 p.m. for initiation. Bring supplies plus towel. Actives be there too. —FRAZEE.
Freshman Union Workers: Come to the workshop as soon as possible after 2 pm. Monday, May 13. ♦ —BROOKS.
Stage, Stump, Studio: Tickets for Stage, Stump, Studio banquet may be obtained at Playshop, WBAA and Debate offices. —HULTGREN.
Women’s Class Baseball: Practice at 4 p. m., Monday, May 18, and Tuesday, May 14. Two practices are required. —PIDGEON.
Alpha Phi Omega Pledges: Imperative meeting in lower lounge Cary Hall North. 1 p.m., Sunday, May 12. —CHAMBERS.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held room 803 of the Union, Tuesday evening. May 14, at 7:30 p. m. —KNIPP.
Reamers: Important meeting Monday, May 13, at 8 p. m., in room 303 of the Union. Please bring money for reflectors. —BOHLIN.
Seabury Club: Those wishing to go on the joint picnic with the*Presbyterian 'Voung People’s group please get in touch with Mr. Thornton or Walter Barss. Cars will leave Presbyterian church. West side, at 3 p. m. Sunday, May 12. A good turnout of members and guests is requested. I —BARSS.
LUMA —SUNDAY - MONDAY-
TWO SMASH HITS
When Bullets Can't Get 'em -They Call For The....
MORGAN, '•""PAYNE ““"DICKSON FIRST LAFAYETTE SHOWIKG
PLUS—2ND FEATURE
^ROADWAY lllilllDYu/1940 Gsorgo MURPHY • Frank MORGAN Mh HUNTER • Norance RICE • Ivnna CARVER
MIN AND BEAU It
ByUdMf
‘We san’t have a baby, dear! It says so here in the Tease!”
Wesley Foundation Council: All members of the new council are requested to attend an important meeting at the Foundation house Tuesday, May 14, at 7 :30 p.m. —BROWN. Credit Union: There will be an important meeting of organizers and others interested, at Wesley Foundation house on Thursday, May 16, at 7 :30 p.m. —BROWN.
Freshman and Sophomore Football Managers : Come out as early as possible Monday afternoon. May 13, for clean-up work. —KETTLER.
Cldssified Ads FOR BALE FOB SALE — Typewritan. Ail auikM, itondard and partaMa, aald, porehaaad. reuted and repaired. New portabla aaekfaMe as low as $29.7S. Supplies. C. F. ISberalieff. 606 Main street.
Silver Mask: Meeting Thursday, May 23, at 7 :15 p.m. in room 305 of the Union. —McCONAHAY. Tau Beta Pi: Initiation will be held at 7 p.m. Wednesday, May 15, in the west faculty lounge of the Union. Election of officers will follow the ceremony. —CATTERALL.
FOR SALE— 1 h. p. motor scooter. 100 miles per gallon. Call 3863. Dewitt.
Service in carpentry and cabinet work. Saw filing, TENNIS RACKETS and aqiiasb rackets RES’TRUNG and reimired. Racket handles spliced. George H. Critig. Phone 66832. 224 Waldron St.
ASME Members: Those members who signed up before January and who have not received back numbers of Mechanical Engineering should see Otis King m ME 112 Tuesday, Thursday, or Saturday of this week between 10 and 11 a. m. (5-15) —KING.
All Students: Any student who has definite plans to change in September from one school or curriculum to another is advised to file his application before the end of the present year. Blanks are at the Registrar's Office. (6-28)
For Sale: One Lot High Grade Photographic Elquipment, including camera, enlarger, spotlight, tanks, films, paper, etc. Ph. 61261.
FOR RENT Russ—Rent-A-Onr Serrice. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2,60 all ni|(ht. Phone 71644.
LOST AND FOUND Lost: ’Theta Chi Fraternity Pin. Call 6066. Reward.
Lost: Law-business by Spencer- Phone 66021.
Gala Week Committee: Meet in southwest lounge at 4:15 p. m., sharp, Monday, May 13. Shoit but important. —ARCHIBALD.
Scrivener: Meeting Sunday, May 12, at 7 :30 p. m., in room 303 of the Union. Guest meeting. Members bring manuscripts. -MONROE. Scriveners: Meeting Sunday, May 12, at 7 :30 p.m. in loom 303 of the Union. —MUNRO.
All Students: Every student whose plan of study for the year 1940-41 calls for elective or optional subjects is required to make his choice of electives before the close of the present semester. Such a student should consult the Dean or Head of his school at an early date. This notice applies to: all present Juniors except Engineering-Law ; all piesent Sophomores except in Forestry; all present Freshmen except those in Forestry and those Freshmen Engineers expecting to take Chemical, Metallurgical, Mechanical or Public Service Engineering, or EngineeringLaw, and all irregular students. Reprints of the Plans of Study for the various schools are available at the offices of the School Heads and the Registrar. Also a limited number of Reprints of “Undergraduate Plans of Study and Description of Courses” are available at the Registrar’s Office. The general catalogue is not distributed to students. Copies aie available for inspection in the Registrar’s Office and the Library. Ralph B. Stone, Registrar. (5-28)
urns - NOW PLAYING — filHG BMGS YOU A NEW Sm OF SMS ..fliat melodg mat is bare, witb the new scieen-satian ofthenalion..GLOIIIAJIAN!
Win whoever cUimed grey topcoat at Lafayette Country Club call 6827. Mixup on coats.
Lost: Saturdsiy night at Music Hall — BrotTH auedq gloves—16 iriches long, Please mail to Mrs. ^rian M. Smith; 2421 W. Jackson, Muncie, Indiana. Sender will be reimbursed.
LOST—A green striped Parker lifetime pen. Lost in the English buildifig. Reward. Phone 4079. Betty Jane Pickard.
MaiiI STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
Biblherfiat
T. KiY
> f
I ^ [l! P K K f.;
Ia
! y
I >
I I
>'
Wfiy 1?/. ]i^40
PUBD^E EXPONEUT
Riveter Trackmen Overcome Illinois Thinlies 67V2-63V3 ... I . . - I# , I , n .. I MM M Nine Firsts, Five New Records AnichlQdn Stdt6 Golfers Outshoot Boilerillflkers^ 14~4 Narrow Cinder Victory
Stan Kowal Turns In Par Shattering 68 For Spartans; Hotter Leads Riveters A par shattering 68 turned in by Spartan Stan Kowal paced the Michigan State links squad to a 14-4 victory over .the Boilermaker golfers yesterday afternoon on the West Lafayette Country Club golf course. Kowal birdied three holes and pared the remaining 15 to tie a long standing course competitive rec-
ord on the eighteen hole links. Captain Bob Hoffer was matched against the Spartan star during the afternoon’s single matches, but although he turned in a nifty 34 to half the last nine, his eighteen hole score of 74 was not potent enough and the Eiveter captain went down
in defeat 2% to Vz.
Spartans Hot The strong Michigan State contingent, which has already won victories over such strong conference teams as Ohio State and Northwestern, showed their superiority over the Boilermaker linksmen during the entire match. In the morning Spartans Zystra and Gortge won a close match from Riveters Hoffer and McDaniel 2% - %, During the
same frame, the remaining pair of the Spartan quartet, Kowal and Tangee defeated Dahl and Curran by the same score, putting the East Lansing athletes ahead at the turn,
6-1.
In the four afternoon singles matches, Kowal defeated Hoffer 2% - Vz. Curran turned in a nice 3637 to down Zystra by a single stroke to win by a like score. In the third match Tangee defeated Dahl five strokes to add another trio of points to th^ mounting Michigan State score. In the final 18 holes sophomore Gortge, who shot an even 70 in the morning round, won a close match from Boilermaker McDaniel,
3-0.
, Varsity Views Colleges On Banks of Wabash * Collegians at the Derby • Varsity Goes onload Tour With Wisconsin Haresfoot SEE Don Powers - Chas. Dangelmajer Campus Representatives
in the McLean Music Co. 514 Main St.
The HIT PARADE
in SHEET The Woodpecker Song 35e When You Wish Upon a Star 35c Singing Hilis - 35c On the Isie of May 35c How Low the Moon 35c Too Romantic 35e You, You Dariin' 35c Let There Be Love 35c Loanin' on the Ole Top Rail _.35e A Lover's Lullaby 35e
In an Old Dutch Garden 35c Say Si SI 35c Charming Little Faker. 35e Million Dreams Ago 35c Playmates 35e Angel in Disguise 35e Moments in the Moonlight 35c My My 35c Say It 35c Where Was 1 35c
o« PHOHOtKlPH RECORDSSierra Sue Not Yet ^ Marcheta Where Do I Go From You Bing Crosby . 35e Orrin Tucker — 50e The Woodpecker Song We Met Each Other In a Dream Down By the Ohio My Wonderful One, Let's Dance Andrews Sisters 35e Bob Chester 35c Devil May Care Shake Down the Stars Believing Boog-lt Dick lurgens 35c Glenn Miller J5c Polka Dots and Moonbeams Imagination Watching the Clock Charming Little Faker Frankie Masters 35c Tommy Dorsey 75c Charming Little Faker Missouri Scrambler Haxy and Blue A Study in Modernism Kay Kyser 35e Larry Clinton 75e
Jeff Thinlies Take Sectional Meet; Frankfort, Fowler Tie For Second Burning up the ciders for first and seconds in eight out of 13 events, Jeff High took undisputed possession of the Lafayette Sectional Track crown yesterday afternoon out in Ross-Ade stadium. Gamering a total of 49 1-2 points, the Jeffmen wound up 25 1-2 points ahead of the nearest opposition, with Fowler and Frankfort tieing for second honors with 24 points apiece. Ten high schools from the Lafayette district entered the competition, the winner of which will be represented in the State Track and Field Meet.
Summary of the events is as follows; Field Events Running High Jump—Won by Miller of Jeff; Agnew of Jeff and Mendenhall of Fowler tied for second—Jeff won the toss. Height, 5 ft. 6 in. Shot Put—Won by Reifenrath of Jeff; Phillips of Jackson, second; Goodman of Fowler, third. Distance, 44 ft. 1 in. Pole Vault—Won by McConnell of Fowler; Marks of Frankfort, second; Vaughan of Jeff and Conn of Delphi, tied for third. Height, 11 ft. Broad Jump—Won by Doughty of Otterbein; Semmes of Jeff, second; Biggs of Jeff, third. Distance, 20 ft. 6% in. Track 100 Yard Dash—Won by Hogan of Freeland Park; Smith of Frankfort, second; May of Jeff, third. Time, 10:04. One Mile Run—^Won by Ricker of Frankfort; Scott of Otterbein, second; Ream of Fowler, third. Time, 4:50.6. 440 Yard Run—^Won by Whicker of Fowler; McCoy of Frankfort, second ;^Hanaway of Delphi, third. Time, 53.2. 120 Yard High Hurdles—Won by Semmes of Jeff; McConnell of Fowler, second; Farmer of Delphi, third. Time, :16.7. 880 Yard Run—Won by Morrison of Jeff; Whicker of Fowler, second; Wolfe of Freeland Park, third. Time, 2:08.6. 220 Yard Dash—Won by Hogan of Freeland Park; Smith of Frankfort, second; Miller of Jeff, third. Time, :23.3. 200 Yard Hurdles—^Won by Semmes of Jeff; Goodman of Fowler, second; Farmer of Delphi, third. Tingle, :24.9. Mile Relay—Won by Jeff; Frankfort, second; Delphi, third. Time, 3:44.2. Half Mile Relay—Won by Monticello; Jeff, second; Fowler, third. Total Jefferson High first with 49% points; Fowler and Frankfort sec-
Bimelech Avenges ^>erby Defeat With Preakness Victory Although he didn’t come up to expectations in the recent Kentucky Derby, Bimelech, led the field across the finish line yesterday afternoon to win the Preakness by an easy two lengths lead over the second horse, Mioland, who copped a fourth last week in the Darby. Gallahadion, Derby winner, followed close on the flying hoofs of second place Mioland to finish the race in third place. 'Slick Aces' Win Campus Bridge Tourney Honors Final round of the all-campus bridge tourney was played in the Union Thursday evening. Four teams, the survivors of an initial field of 47 teams, competed in the final play-offs for the championship of the campus. Winner of high honors was the Slick Aces team composed of Dick Losson, Harvey Wilmeth, Frank Downey, and Charles Johnson. Members of this foursome will receive gold trophies, while silver awards will be given to the runner up team composed of A1 Gaulke, Robert Beer, Robert Kurast, Kenneth Houston. According to tournament director, Julius Born, the ^aliber of play this year was of a very high order. “Not only was the competition keen,” said Born, “but a fine spirit of sportsmanship prevailed throughout the entire tournament. It was a fine battle from beginning to end and the best team won.”
ond, (24); Freeland Park, third, (11); Monticello, fourth (10); Otterbein, fifth, (8); Delphi, sixth, (6%); Jackson Township, seventh, (3),
J’isddsUiA
Pho.
Bring your Mother to Lafayette’s finest Cafe and enjoy our delicious dinners.
Alter s Cafe
Boilermaker feet flew over Illini cinders yesterday afternoon, and when the smoke had cleared away, Herm Phillip’s track pounders had come out on the long end of one of the hardest fought, closely matched track meets of the entire season with the final tallies reading 67 1-Z for the Riveters, to 63 2-3 for Illinois. In their triumph over the hard fighting Illini, the Boilermaker squad garnered nine firsts and one tie for first place honors, out of 14 field and track events, including five new Pur-
due records.
Jake Weber was the first of the Gold and Black contingent to send old records up in smoke when he tossed the shot 49 feet 4% inches, and then jumping jack Ted Tycocki followed suit in the field events by broad jumping 23.5 feet, to pull down some more numbers off the east wall of the Fieldhouse. Track events then opened up, and Red Shackleton tore around 440 yards in :49 flat to break record number three of the afternoon, and then went ahead, later in the afternoon, running anchor in the mile relay, to set down :48.6 On several astounded official clocks. And the :48.5 had another effect, in setting off the fourth and last broken record of the day — 3:18.3 for the
mile relay.
Summary of the meet is as fol-
lows:
' One Mile Run—Won by Holderman of Purdue; Brown (I), second; Jarvis (P), third. Time, 4:25.1. 440 Yard Run—Won by Shackleton (P); Downs, (I) second; Bailey, (I), third. Time, :49.0. 100 Yard Dash—Won by Turner (I); Olsen (I) second; Tycocki (P), third. Time, :10.1. 120 Yard High Hurdles—^Won by Reising (I); Olsen (I) second; Whan (I) third. Time, :14.7. Half Mile Run—Won by Holderman (P); Krivek (I) second; Gaulke, Allen (P) tied for third. Time, 1:66.7. 220 Yard Dash—^Won by Tycocki (P); McCown (I) second; Gaulke, Willard (P) tied for third. Time,
:21.4.
Two. Mile Run—^Won by Reeves (P); Shulman (P) second; White (P) third. Time, 9:64.9. 220 Yard Low Hurdles—Won by Olsen (I); Rankin (P) second; Reising (I) third. Time, :23.6 One Mile Relay—^Won by Purdue. Time, 3:18.3. Pole Vault—Edwards (P) and Stout (I) tied for first; Height, 12 ft. 0 inches. Shot Put—Won by Weber (P) ; Sikich (I) second; Rankin (P) third. Distance, 49 ft. 4% inches. Running High Jump—Three way tie for first between Edwards (I), Robinson (I) and Starck (I). Height
6 ft.
Discus Throw—Won by Weber (P); Rankin (P) second; Fultz (I) third. Distance, 137 ft. 4% inches. Javelin Throw—Won by Kiehlen (I); Vollmer (P) second; Royalty (I) third. Distance, 176 ft, % inch. Running Broad Jump—^Won by Tycocki (P); Lewis (I) second; Stout (I) third. Distance 23 ft. 5 inches.
Phone 8011
Opposite the Fowler
410 Ferry St.
Br moWrt J. Dccksr3
Except for the score, the PurdueIllinois baseball game yesterday was approximately a repetition of the one on the preceding day . . . The errors were just as numerous. . .. The pitching was just about the same for both teams . . . The Illinois murders’ row slammed out a few less extra base hits, but altogether
they were just as potent.
—fc—
The ole ball game started off yesterday just where it left off Friday . . . Two runs were accounted for in the first inning for the Illini. . . . Also one in the second and two in the third ... And seven hits were accounted for in the first three
frames. —^fc—
The Boilermakers, however, were on their toes during the first inning, and, with the help of three visitor miscues, negotiated three runs to put them ahead for the first time in the two-game series . . . But A1 Grant, good-natured pitcher who had a grin painted on his face from the beginning to the end of the nineinning affair, curtailed the activities of the Riveters for the next five innings by airowing only two out of 19 men to get on base.
—^fc—^
The mini jumped into the lead in the third and failed to relinquish it for the remainder of the game, which saw the Boilermakers make a futile effort to tie it up.
*—^fc—
Gerald Higgins, starting PU pitcher, hurled steady ball although Illinois tapped him consistently . . . Only five runs were marked up against Higgins as were 11 hits in his seven innings of pitching.
—^fc—
But Bob Bailey, his successor in the eighth, suffered a similar fate as he did on Friday, when he was knocked from the box in the second. . . . Unfortunately, loquacious, acrobatic Purdue infielders and outfielders didn’t help the right-hander with their throwing the ball around and, in general, using their heads.
—^fc—
Although the Boilermakers did look bad in spots, there were several incidents that were worth being commended . . . For instance. Bud Fisher, PU receiver, burned a couple of nice pegs to second, once to catch a runner off second and a few minutes later to spear a potential base-stealer.
—^fc—
Up to the third inning of yester-
CALL 4081 YouMl more than appreciate the fast, efficient service that we are equipped to offer you. Freshly cleaned and pressed clothing will add to your distinctive appearance for the spring.
Phone 4081
Northwestern at Vine
The Lowest Prices That Quality Permits
day’s ball game and including Friday’s game. Bill Hapac, Hlinois first baseman, got on base seven successive times ... In the same inning for the home team, A1 Grant pitched only four balls . . . Two went to Frank Smithson who flied out; one to Felix Mackiewicz who fouled out, and one to Wes Waterhouse who was tagged out by catcher Brewer when the ball bounced off the plate and was caught by the catcher. —^fc— In the sixth inning, three Illinois men managed to get on base to fill the bags, and here was the sportlight of the afternoon from the standpoint of getting out of a hole^ ... Higgins was on the mound with Evers, hard-hitting centerflelder, at the pan. Evers bounced to Hearne who caught Grant at the plate f<^r out one. Then Bill Hapac walked up to the plate . . . But Higgins threw the ole double-play ball . . . MeFerren scooped the sphere up and tossed it to Hearne at second for out two, and Hearne rifled the baU to Smithson to nip *Hapac ... It was undoubtedly the highlight of the afternoon’s ball game from the standpoint of defensive play for either team.
mmPUBDUE EXPONENT
Sunday/ May 12, 1940
" 'r I
n
’
li n
“So I Sez To The Cook...” Thcce Mother’s Day programs are quite the stuff. Wo went into the reception in the Union ballroom yesterday afternoon to watch the ceremonies and shake hands with the deans. Some of them looked vaguely familiar.
On the way back to our hole, we cut through into the south ballroom and there w'as a long table headed and ended by big bowds of punch, separated by large plates of very small cookies, and guarded by two boys in wlyie^coats. course w^e realized that this was for the mothers, but we have been taking a course in psychology so we decided to try a little expei’iment. We walked up to one of the little men and said, “Don’t you thing we look like a mother?” He looked at us very carefully and handed us 'a cup full of punch and remarked, “No, but you look hungry.” We still are.
The Music Hall is causing more people trouble! One little girl laid her coat down during the dress rehearsal foi the All-Campus Stunt Show. When she came back to get it she forgot which section she had left it in. After seal ching in vain for a half an hour, she finally went up in the spotlight booth in the ceiling. She not only located her coat, but found six workmen that had been missing for a week.
We never really appreciated the new ballrooms until the other night. We had been to the mixer and had breezed out for a coke hoping that we could find a f 1 lend that could get us into the dance that was in the other ballroom that evening.
Purdue Exponent
R. E. Insley W. E. Smith
, Editor-in-Chief Bnsinesa Manager
D G. Terrio, editorial director; G. W. Frederick, managing editor; E. M. Antonini, senior advertising manager; G. Schilling, co-ed editor; R. Jenkins, sports editor. Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized Januory 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription $3.60. . Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Avc, New York, N. Y. All unsigned editorials are written by the editorial director. . Night Editors, Traugott, Ochiltree Sunday, May 12, 1940
We didn’t find anyone, but when we got back the ballroom was deserted. There wasn’t even a man at the door to take our tickets. We walked in admiring the dark, and up in one end where the orchestra should have been one started to play. We later discovered that they were broadcasting over the amplifying system from the next ballroom. Now we go back every Saturday at intermission. It’s free then.
We believe that there is a war going on in Europe, but the latest story they tell of British cleverness and German obedience of orders is a little hard to swallow. It seems that a very clever British sabotaguer got wind of Germany’s invasion of Holland by air, and threw a monkey wrench in the works. When the Germans bailed out over Holland they found their parachutes labeled as follows: DO NOT OPEN UNTIL CHRISTMAS.
A Week Of War (Continued from page 1)
changed hands three times. The air base at Waalhaven, near Rotterdam, was the base of operations for the German occupational forces against Britain and the English Channel shipping lanes. Dutch Foreign Minister Eelco van Kleffens in an announcement from London said yesterday that the Rotterdam airport was the last port held by the German forces. The Nazi Invasion ... of the Netherlands was the first time in 130 years that the Dutch border has been crossed by an invading army. In June of 1810 French troops under Duke de Reggio entered Holland. Three years later the invading armies of France were expelled. President Roosevelt . . . speaking to the American Scientific Society Friday night warned people of the western hemisphere that they were “magically immune” to foreign invasion by the Atlantic and Pacific oceans. The western world must ponder the question of “peaceful construction”
Jjumhi. Jalk
Congratulations To: Chi Omega, for winning the sorority division of last night’s all-campus sing, and for their repeat victory as of last year; Delta Upsilon, for winning the fraternity division, and for their shirt sleeves; Cary Club, for their gracious withdrawal from competition, and for exceptionally fine singing; ^ Seven other organizations, for winning the afternoon eliminations ; The Student Union and WSGA for a fine evening’s entertainment ; Joseph Ragains and the University orchestra; May Queen Ellen Kepner, her court, and youthful attendants; and to the May Day committee, headed by Mary Ellen Scarff. —J. H. McK. '
should another form of life spreadreprisals against French and Britover other parts of the world. Theish cities. Claiming the “open city” western powers he said must “actof Freiburg in southwest Germany with unanimity and singleness ofwas bombed and 24 persons killed, purpose” when the spread comes, spokesman for the Reich stated that
“as a reprisal for this action, that
Germany Promised is counter to international law, the
... to answer future air raids on German air force will answer fiveGerman cities "with five-fold fold in the same manner.”
open
Final Production Of "Fresh Fields" Ends Current Season Playing before a packed house of mothers and students, Playshop ended its current season with the final production of Igor Novello’s “Fresh Fields.” The visiting mothers had a chance to see campus talent at its best as the cast put everything they had into this delightfully refreshing comedy. The story, really quite simple, of two poor but “proud” English ladies who try to make ends meet by taking in paying “guests” moved rapidly from one amusing incident to the next without a single letdown fiom the opening curtain to the final line. Many a mother was heard to complain at intermissions that she just couldn’t stop laughing. The transformation of Una Pidgeon, newly rich colonial, from tomboy to a lady and the breakdown of the superficial haughtiness of Lady Lillian were the highlights of the show.
WBAA I MONDAY 11:00^—History of the 19th Century Prof. V. L. Albjerg 11:50—Purdue News Flashes 12:00—Agricultural Foium 12:15—Sports Review 12:30—Meet the Band 12:45—Market Reports 1:00—Principles of Sociology Prof, T. K. Noss 1:45—Monitor Views the News 2:00—Afternoon Music 2:30—Foods-Facts-Fancies 2:45—Mary Louise Switzer— pianist 3:00—Little Red Schoolhouse of the Air 3:30—Scientific News Review 4:00—Jane Gaunt—soprano 4:15_Wild Life 4:30—Pat Reiser—^pianist 4:45—Story Book Hour
You Can't Beat...
Fifty-five per cent of men and 44 per cent of women at the University of Michigan would like more dates, a survey shows.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
Mr. E-
• School SuppliM
• Professional
"DEAC"
Risk Dental Clinic
Everything for a College Education
nt PAUL A. RMK ML Lim«R A. RWK Mt. HAROLD J. RMK 4th e Main Phona yrti
• Hardware
• Dairy Products
Outfittera for Fratemitie* and Sororities
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354
• Florists
MILK Farmers Largest Source of Cash Income
Darner's Flower Shop
Quality Flowers Mein at 7th Phone 6050
Sunshine Farms Phone 5015
£• '.".i —""S..*® tv ad a p®* " ® .a on a
loora pWV®' bnsi“"/®i7an4 to cost.
Sin®® n^orTindi^t'S oP^oi^d 0*
d®''?Vea*tn®®s®^r®etords at ®n® „6«spaP®’^ > ird®*’ ^Ino as a ®“""f/tainW dof ^^VfaVt . 30 »n®'' '"taciaVion
Locksmith KEYS fir LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a spedaHy. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
Facts the Purdue Exponent
BUSINESS PHONE 5038