I
r
V fN
n
, I?
/V J
‘>
A
News li Week
• FDR receives verbal spanking from Senate about airplanes, o Hitler says hands off 'German trade in South America. • Old man winter keeps nation's snow shovelers busy. • University of Pittsburgh angles for place in conference. • Brooklyn laundry employees realize co-operative benefits. • Franco's rebels march into Barcelona to clinch Spanish war. WASHINGTON Secret Salesman Roosevelt . . . . . . found himself in Senatorial hot water this week after an airplane crash January 23, precipated a dispute that focused attention on his entangling dealings with France and Great Britain in regard to foreign sales of American made warplanes. While carrying a French agent, a new Douglas bombing plane crashed January 23, resulting in the present controversy. Early this week, FDR summoned members of the House’s appropriation sub-committee to the White House for a discussion ostensibly requested by Committee Chairman Taylor of Colorado. ' '■
Conflicting kibitzers pondered ■whether the aviation industry could fill the army's needs of 3,000 planes and also comply with foreign demands. Late in the week, the President restated his foreign policy, in no way disturbing the continued cooperation between U. S. and foreign warplane markets — if the buyers pay cash. The President’s passiveness toward the question was backed by Mrs. FDR, who stated in her newspaper column that France, because of its inability to keep pace •with Hitlerized plane factories across the Rhine, is a natural customer for American ships. Senate’s military affairs committee still remains under the shroud of secrecy which characterized its investigation of the January 23 crash and allied disclosures. Meanwhile, shipment of 200 Lockheed bombers ordered recently by Great Britain, was started this week.
Old Father Time . . . . . . tore another page from the lifecalendar of United States’ FDR this week. Monday, January 30, President Franklin Delano Roosevelt I'eached the mellow age of 57 years. In connection with his birthday, FDR’s “March of Dimes” campaign held the human interest of the country for the week-end. Funds to aid infantile paralysis victims accumulated through the medium of dances and “put a dime—take a pin.” drives. House and Senate . . . . .. saw eye to eye this week as both o.k.’d the 726 million dollar WPA relief appropriation-to tide the Administration over until July of this year. This amount was 150 million less than FDR’s recommendation. Both factions of the legislature approved the compromise provisions designed to eliminate the political side of relief. One provision, however, allows FDR to ask for more money in an emergency. (Continued on page 4)
Alec Templeton Will Play For Two Con VOS In Gym
Alec Templeton Students and faculty members will have an opportunity to hear an outstanding musical genius when Alec Templeton, pianist and composer, makes his first appearance here in a cc^cert in the Memorial Gym Tuesday and Wednesday evenings at 8 o’clock. Templeton will devote the first part of the recital to selections by Bach, Mozart, Beethoven, and other masters. Following an intermission he will play musical impressions of his own. '
Because of the large attendance anticipated, bearers of freshman, senior, and green staff passports will be admitted on Tuesday evening, while sophomores, juniors, and staff members with blue passports' will attend Wednesday evening. Exchange of nights may be made at the office of Prof. J. T. Gunn, chairman of the Convocation and Lecture committee, or at the History office. Blind Since Birth Templeton, a native of Wales, has been in this country only three years. Although handicapped since birth by l^lindness, he soon developed a talent for music. At the age of four he composed a lullaby, and at five directed a choir of playmates.
Purdue Exponent
Z-IW
SUNDAY
February 5,1939
Lafayette, Indiana
VoLSO
No. 106
Plan 4 Wins By Wide Margin As Final
Results In Holiday Vote Are Compiled
Holiday Voting Statistics O'Voters Favor Plan loComplelelj
Drop Day And A Half From The Semester
Alternate Proposal
1
2
3
4
5
Total
Freshman Votes ....
16
132
227
830
343
1647
Percentage
.... 1.0
8.6
14.7
53.6
22.2
Sophomore Votes ..
7
103
194
677
255
1236
Percentage
6
8.3
16.7
54.8
20.6
Junior Votes
7
92“ -
197
666
210
1073
Percentage
7
8.6
18.4
52.7
19.6
Senior Votes
9
47
160
320
144
680
Percentage
1.3
6.9
23.5
47.1
21.2
Graduate Votes
11
11
54
40
41
167
Percentage
7.0
7.0
34.4
26.6
26.1
Unclassified
..... 6
43
98
105
14
266
Percentage
2.3
16.1
36.8
■“ 39.5
6.3
Ag Votes
8
47
96
242
123
616
Percentage
1.6
9.1
18.6
46.9
23.8
;
Engr. Votes
23
214
486
1262
580
3566
Percentage
9
8.4
18.9
49.2
22.6
Home Ec Votes
0
47
84
390
96
617
Percentage
0
7.6
13.6
63.2
16.6
Pharmacy Votes ...
1
9
16
68
24
117
Percentage
.9
7.7
12.8
58.1
20.5
PE Votes
3
9
10
49
10
81
Percentage
3.7
11.1
12.4
60.5
12.3
Science Votes
4
43
81
323
107
558
Percentage
7
7.7
14.5
67.9
19.2
Total Vote
66
428
930
2538
1007
4959
Percentage
1.1
8.6
18.8
51.2
20.8
Concert Choir To Present Program Today In Union
Conducted by,A. P. Stewart, the University’s Concert Choir will present its first program of the 1939 season this afternoon in the Union ballroom at 4 o’clock. The Student Union, under whose sponsorship the concert is being presented, invites all students, townspeople, faculty members and their guests, to attend the program which will last for approximately one hour. To be presented in three parts, the
program is arranged to include a variety of works covering a ■wide range of tastes. The more recent numbers to be presented include Marvin Smith singing “Mighty Lak a Rose,” Arsene Summers singing “In the Gloaming,” and -Charles Powell singing “How Can I Leave Thee.” Choir Background
A colorful background for the soloists will be furnished by the Choir members accompanied by Rosemary Robinson at the piano. In all there will be seven solos and eight Choir numbers.
Carmencita (Cielito Lindo) Mexican Folk Song ' Choir in. Sanctus Gounod Elmer Carlquist, tenor soloist Haleluya Sergei The Agony (Crucifixion) ....Stainer The Omnipotence Schubert Charlotte Friend Stewart soprano soloist Choir
After his family moved from Wales to London he was enrolled in the Royal Academy of Music. Because of his blindness he had to memorize all music by means of recordings. After being graduated from the Academy, he toured France, Holland, and Germany before coming to America. In this country he received the unqualified acclaim of leading critics. Templeton made his first appearance here as a guest artist for Jack Hylton, famous dance band conductor. Since then he has been soloist with the Chicago Symphony orchestra, and has played several engagements with the Detroit Symphony. Last year he was a featured soloist at the Chicagoland Music Festival.
Choir members are selected from the different vocal organizations because of their ability, each member being personally invited to join. Intensive training under the directorship of A. P. Stewart has made the Choir one of the most outstanding vocal organizations in the middle west. The program is as follows: I. Adoramus te Palestrina Jesus, Word of God Incarnate Gounod Open Our Eyes MacParlane Harold Schulte, tenor soloist 0 Come to My Heart, Lord Jesus Ambros Wallace Woodrow, baritone soloist II. A Grace Before Singing Goldsworthy In the Gloaming Harrison Arsene Summers, alto soloist Morning Speaks Mighty Lak a Rose Nevin Marvin Smith, tenor soloist A Bowl of Roses Clarke HoW Can I Leave Thee .... Kucken Charles Powell, baritone soloist
Students Operate Union Book Mart On No-Pay Basis
By polling more than 50 percent of the 5,000 votes cast at second semester registration, Thanksgiving vacation plan number four won the right to go before the Calendar Committee next Tuesday. Plan four, if adopted, would provide for a four day Thanksgiving holiday without adding the lost day and a half dnto the semester calendar. If the plan is adopted Tuesday by the Calendar Committee, it will be submitted to the Executive Committee for their approval at their next regular weekly meeting. Provided the proposal receives the nod from these two organizations, it will be presented to the Faculty for final OK at their next regular session.
Sororities Start Second Period Rush
Forty-two girls have signed up with the Pan-Hellenic Council for second semester rush according to an announcement by Jean Stoltz, president of the organized women’s governing body. Rush this semester will consist mainly of informal dinners and after class coke dates. Engagements with rushees will be arranged by the individual sororities instead of through the Pan-Hellenic Council.
According to statistics on the poll tendered the Exponent last night by Prof. R. B. Wiley, chairman of the Calendar Committee, plan four was credited with 2,638 out of the 4,959 votes cast. Proposal five advocating no change in the present calendar ran second with a total of 1007 votes. Plan number three, requiring the elimination of two final examination periods came in third. Plans two and one placed fourth and fifth respectively. They proposed condensing the final examination week and met ■with very little enthusiasm. An interesting figure in the vote was that of the graduate- schodL which disagreed ■with the rest of the University and voted plan three the most popular.
Pledging may take place at any time between noon today and midnight, Friday, February 10. An average of three to six girls have in the past years been pledged at midyear rush by each of the seven campus Greek organizations. The pledges will be anonunced in the Exponent during the week.
Ticket Sales Start Tuesday
WRH Residents Will Open Halls Today To Faculty, Students
With an invitation extended to all students and faculty members to attend, residence hall girls will serve as hostesses at the WRH open house this afternoon from 3 to 5 p. m. Guests are asked to come to the South Hall first where they will be started on a tour of the halls with the residents acting as guides.
Tickets will go on sale Tuesday for the Playshop production, “This Thing Called Love,” to be presented February 15 to 18. Playshop offices in Eliza Fowler Hall will be open from 3 to 5 p. m. to accomodate ticket-seekers and those wishing to reserve season admissions. According to Playshop director J. E. Deitrich, large advance sales of season ducats make the supply of tickets available at the door extremely limited. For this reason, those ■washing to purchase tickets are urged to do so as soon as possible. Gate admissions ■will be 75 cents.
Professor...
. . . Laurentza Schantz-Hansen, the head of the applied design department, attended the Mid-Western College Art Association meetings which closed yesterday at the University of Iowa.
As the Student Book Exchange ended its fifth day of operation this semester, it was announced by officials of the Exchange that approximately $3,400 worth of books had been sold. During the five day period 62 students have worked in the Exchange. Each student h^s worked an average of about three hours a day with many working twice'that long. Everyone but the cashier works on a voluntary basis. Incidental expenses of the Exchange, such as cards, posters, mimeographing, and cashier’s fees are paid with the interest accrued from a fund endowed by the class of ’31. Warning was issued to everyone who has registered books at the Exchange to call for their books or the money some time before 5 p.m. Tuesday, February 7. The Exchange will be open both tomorrow and Tuesday from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
Navy To Examine Seniors For Training Tomorrow
Navy representatives will be at the Student Health Service tomorrow through Wednesday to give physical examinations to all seniors applying for flying training at the Pensacola and Glenview Naval air training bases. As usual, preference will be given to engineer's, especially aeronauticals, although others may apply. In the future preference will also be given to men trained as pilots under the Cml Aeronuatics Authority. Application blanks may be obtained at the engineering personnel office and in the office of K. D. Wood, in Mechanical Engineering Building. Train At Pensacola Men chosen for the course will train at Glenview, Pensacola, and then three years with the fleet. The payments amount to $64 per month at Glenview, $900 per year at Pen-
sacola, and $125 per month throughout the three years with the fleet. All fliers automatically receive a $10,000 life insurance coverage and expenses paid. Upon completion of the course a $1,500 bonus is paid by the Navy. Total remuneration will amount to approximately $240 per month. Lieutenant J. G. Sliney, U. S. Naval Reserve, is at the University now to explain details of the training course. He will show two sound movies, “Navy Wings of Gold,” and “Plying with the Fleet,” Monday afternoon in the main lecture room of the EE Building. According to Sliney, more men go to Pensacola from Purdue than from any other college in his district, and they nearly al^ways rank at the top of their divisions in technical and ground school work."’''' ^'' > , , t., ... r ^ -.Iv,'-"'-'”'if.‘ >• >‘'^<»’ ^ "
£dihfdaL
u’
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
J>saiuJutA.
Sunday, February 5,1939
Breakfast Queen
“Queen of the Breakfast Table” is Hertha Hartung, attractive blond co-ed at DePauw University, and the latest in the line of beauty queens. Elected by Xi Xi Xi, newly organized fraternity composed of men on the campus who are earning their way tlirough college by waiting tables in sorority houses, Miss Hartung was selected as looking most attractive each morning when she came down for breakfast. Realizing that most campus beauty queens are selected when they are on parade and made up especially for the occasion, members of
^J4ini and ^Jdsr
By Georgaim Schilling
Well they’re not so good, but they could be worse—^we mean our new classes of course. It’s those first few days that are the sweetest! Just roll call, write down the assignment and the name of the text, look interested while the instructor tells his favorite yarn or bit of philosophy, and leave after about 15 rninutes. This concentrated joeing is a bit tiring, though. It’s such a long walk from the Union back to those class rooms. -H-H— What will all these big dances on deck this month, the question of corsages is a pressing matter. These ornate bits of grooming add up when it comes to balancing a budget. We read in the paper from Oregon State University that corsages for the Junior Prom would not be appropriate, but rather that hair ornaments made of flowers would be worn. And according to the latest etiquette information, it
is proper for a girl to buy her own hair corsage if her escort should neglect to send one. That arrangement is certainly food for thought. —H-H— Most of the “name” bands are on tour now, and they seem to be playing plenty of one night stands on college campuses. Indiana students are planning now to ^o “Dan cin’ with Anson” as Ansoii| Weeks brings his band to their campus for the Military Ball on the night of the 18th. And Henry (H6t Lips) Busse is playing for the Junior Prom at Michigan State tonight and will be in Indianapolis tomorrow night. We should be able to snag a few of these big time combinations while they are traveling around.
The first and only lectm-e-ship on cancer in the world has been established at the University of Chicago.
Only 32 per cent of the University of Mississippi freshmen and sophomore co-eds received a grade of “A” in a posture examination.
Waiters and bus-boys in Temple University’s grill and cafeteria celebrate once a year by. holding a Gravy Ball.
.xei
~AS THEIR LIPS ^ MEET AGAIN! •Ic Noma Sheaieil Claik Gable! In the romance of a song - and - dance man and "a lady in tights". . . who find love as the story rushes to a fascinating climax in a swank European Hotel! NORMA SHEARER
GABIE
Claience BROWNS
Production
with EDWARD ARNOLD CHARLES COBURN JOSEPH SCHILDKRAUT
Staris TODAY
to the Editor
Letters accepted for pn1>licatlon In this column must be accompanied by the writer’s sUrnatnre and should be limited to ISO words in lengrth. NO SHAGGERS? To the Editor: Thank you very much for your article yesterday. I thought surely that I might get some answers after it appeared. But no, nary a one. It seems to me, therefore, that every co-ed who can shag is either too involved at present or too bashful. Maybe only two girls in the whole school can shag. Many a truth is said in jest. Well, thank you very much again. Cheerlessly yours. Gene Weissman.
Xi Xi Xi caught the girls unaware and voted secretly on their choice. Miss Hartung of Chicago, a pledge of Alpha Chi Omega, was the winner—and some winner she proved to be, as the above photo indicates. George Shead, senior from Indianapolis, is shown serving her her morning coffee. Shead is one of the ofpcers in the new fraternity which plans to become a national organization by interesting men on other college campuses, who are working their way through college at tablewaiting, to organize chapters.
TAIN’T SO, W. S. To the Editor: W. S. is a little cockeyed about things in general. First let him know that blowing off steam about his private life makes him look like a fool. True W. S., you may have some points about the attitude of the co-eds here, but as a group they are not ugly. You sound like a bitter cynic, W. S., but you should know that there are loads of pretty women that are only too glad to have dates with a decent fellow in the outside world. • So buck up me hearty, and quit blaming everything on Purdue. This is a pretty good school and if the gals don’t treat you right, well, don’t bother worrying, as they will be faded roses when you are still having a good time. S. S.'W. / Harding To Discuss Television Problems Dr. C. F. Harding, electrical engineering school head, will speak before the 59th annual meeting of Indiana engineers in the Hotel Severin, Indianapolis, Saturday, February 11.” The meeting is under the auspices of the Indiana Engineering Council. Harding will discuss “The Present Technical and Economic Problems of Television.” He will include in his discussion details of some of the recent developments in the art of television, and their application to industry. His talk will be supplemented with illustrations.
Sucker season has once again rolled around. Our few good-look-ing co-eds are sorta dated-up—the boys have eyes for Women’s Pan, and a few of the other gal dances. Joe Mihal, our big football man, likes to take it easy between seasons. What does he expect to gain by relaxing in front of the Sweet Shoppe every afternoon? Another worry is brought to our mind. Mickey Upshur, Peg Sharkey and a few of the other Theta pledges must have made the grades since they report to the Sweet Shop before 5 o’clock this semester. No wonder the Union sophomore workers are trying to rack up hours in the Student Book Exchange with a radio and all the pretty gals cornin’ and goin’. Is Sully Mason trying to make an impression his last year with his Exchange? He walks back and forth in front of the ElectricEye Counter enough to count ’em up by the hundreds. Marjorie Baumgai't believes in playing the field as observed from the way she flits from one male to another—the smart girls let a little time elapse between efforts. Difference between a bare head and a hair bed. One flees for shelter and the other shelters fleas. DEFINITIONS: ... ED: The only animal that can .bfe skinned more than once. BANANA: The only thing that cannot be repealed. HOME: Where you scratch any place that itches. We’ll see you all this afternoon at WRH. Keep your eyes open, you may be able to see a picture of the home-town competition.
A New York court has ruled that candidates for police posts cannot be given extra credits because they have been to college or have played football.
Black Mountain College, in North Carolina, spent a grand total of $12.80 on athletics during 1938.
The “four most valuable students” attending U. S. colleges and universities will be honored by the Elks National Foundation after a special competition.
CikeaT^me . . . BRILLIANT.. SEARING.. . . . AND SHE SETS MEN'S HEARTS AFIRE... ZAZA TOAST OF THE MUSIC HALLS
STARTS TODAY
“It was lovely being a guest at your bridge club—my game was a little off because I scarcely knew the people you were talking about!”
Twentieth Annual Heat Contractors' Convention Closes At the twentieth annual conven--tion of the Sheet Metal and Warm Air Heating Contractors’ Association of Indiana, which closed at the University yesterday, engineeringstaff members conducted discussions and gave demonstrations on heating, ventilating, and refrigeration. Chief lecture-discussions were given by Prof. W. P. Miller, Merle M. McClure, and T. K. Sanders on three selected topics: “Distribution of Air in Rooms,” “Insulation and Its Application,” and “Refrigeration in Domestic Cooling.” During the conference, attended
by approxii]i^tely,150 persons, election of officers was held. At the business meeting, A. E. Hartmann, Terre Haute, was elected president, succeeding Louis Lehnen, Lafayette, who was named to the board of directors. Other officers elected were ^ Elmer Mullin, Indianapolis, first vice president; Harry Hoff, Richmond, second vice president; Thomas Ewing, Huntington, re-elected treasurer; and Homer Selch, Indianapolis, reelected selretary. Elmer Lizezey, New Castle, and Frank Sink, Indianapolis, along with Lehnen, retiring president, were named to the board of directors. In addition, Clarence Watson, Vincennes, was named to fill the unexpired term of the late Charles B. Rundell, Ft. Wayne.
STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
LEO CARRILLO HENRY ARMEHA LEE PATRICK and SUCKER, The Seal
FIRST RUN plus — A Romance of Royal Hearts and Racing Blood Agfainst Treachery of the Track! "THE LONG SHOT" — with — GORDON /ONES MARSHA HUNT
LUMA TODAY - MONDAY
20th Cflfilury-Fox Picture
TYRONE POWER LORETTA YOONO AN NAB E LLA
ARC
TODAY —MONDAY
SONJA HENIE
RICHARD GREENE
— with — FftANCIS LEDERER FRANCES DRAKE ALSO "SHORT SUBJECT"
\ /
T' 4 >.
T'
7^
y>»
mmSunday. February S, 1939
THE PURDUE
EXPC^NENT
Sp^oiiA.
Varsity Tackles Wisconsin Tomorrow
Riveters Gun For Second Big Ten Win After Exams
Boilermaker Wrestlers Meet Chicago Tomorrow
QhoksL
Purdue’s wrestling squad will meet a strong Chicago troupe tomorrow at 4 o’clock in the Pieldhouse, when the Maroon grapplers challenge the Boilermakers in their second Big Ten meet of the season. The Maroons will meet the Riveters after returning from a trip through the South in which they met Vanderbilt and Cumberland. >' 'i -
Both Chicago and Purdue have been beaten previously this season by a strong Northwestern aggregation. Last year’s Boilermaker squad the first in 10 years, was beaten by Chicago twice but the Eiveters have added experience this year and are expected to give the Maroons a bat-
tle for each match.
Reeck Names Squad Coach Claude Reeck, Riveter mentor, will start Berkheiser against the Chicago veteran, Walter Young, in the 121 pound event. Young won three of his past five non-conference bouts. Berkheiser has won one tussle by a fall and lost another to the Northwestern man. Starting in the 128 pound division for the Boilermakers will be Allman, who will grapple with Arthur Parmelee, a Chicago choicl. Allman has a record of one victory and one defeat, while Parmlee has been undefeated. The 136 pounders will be Dix of Purdue, a beginner, against William Thomas, Chicago novice, who lost his bout against Northwestern. Either Tyrrell or Papurca will enter the ring in the 145 pound class against Chicago man, James Loeb. Papurca won against Armour Tech but lost his fight with Northwestern. Starting at 156 pounds will be either Willey or Gossard for Riveters while Colin Thomas will be the Maroon color bearer. Willey is undefeated in his regular matches. Thomas has been competing in the 146 pound class. Heavy Divisions For the middleweight event, 166 pounds. Post will grapple with Littleford, regular 166 pounder of Chicago. Littleford won his match with Northwestern but Post lost his event against the Wildcats. In the light-heavy contest, either Schrieber or Gasard will defend the old Gold and 'filack, while Ed Valorz, the Maroons only major lettermen will attack. In the battle of mammoths, or the heavyweight division, Chicago will advance its claim toward victory using chubby 226 pounder, Robert Brown, as their representative. The Boilermakers will use either A1 Rossi or Aronson against Brown. Aronson is undefeated while Brown has won two of his three matches.
Ohio State Downs Minnesota, 31 To 30; Take Over First Place ^Minneapolis, Feb. 4. (Special)—■’ Ohio State knocked Minnesota from the top of the Big Ten here tonight, handing the Gophers their second defeat of the current conference campaign 31-30 in a game which was close all the way. The Buckeyes
led at the half, 13-12,
Ohio State, defeated only by Illinois, has WQip five Big Ten games Indiana moved into second place although it did not play. The Hoosiers have three wins and a single loss, while the Gophers, in third place, have now suffered two losses
in seven games.
Wildcats 27, Iowa 25 Patten Gymnasium, Evanston, 111., Feb. 4. (Special)—Northwestern’s Wildcat five raised itself from ninth place in the Big Ten to a tie for fifth place by virtue of tonight’s 27-25 triumph over a scrappy Iowa team which grabbed the lead aftei two minutes of play and stayed ahead until a spirited Purple rally gave Northwestern a two-point margin in the last 30 seconds of the game which thrilled some 4000 spectators in Patten Gymnasium. Northwestern’s winning edge came as a climax to a 10 pqint rally in the closing minutes of the game. Baskets by Shepard, Vance, Harman, Koble contributed to the final spurt for the Wildcats and, coupled with free throws by Vance and by Voights, swept the game from under the lowans’ noses.
By Bruce Witwer . Tomorrow night Purdue comes out of its mid-semester hermitage and will endeavor to make use of der which leads out of the Big Ten der which leads out o fthe Big Ten basketball cellar . . . with all of the other teams having played more games, it is easy to ascertain the Boilermaker standing if they win or lose the coming games, \ —fc— Impressions received watching practice sessions indicate that Purdue has the old effectiveness that is needed to get back into the victory parade ... a three week layoff can change a team considerably and we hope that the practice indications carry on through and produce a winning combination.
—^fc—
Two of our pro footballers are back in school this semester getting more work towards graduation ... “Cec” Isbell, backfield great
Ping Pong Finals To End Wednesday First rounds in the WAA ping pong tournament must be played off before Wednesday of this week according to Dorothy Schilling, chairman of ping pong and shuffle board tournaments. Girls who are competing in this tournament are asked to put their telephone numbers on the bulletin board inside the gym-
nasium.
Schedules for the shuffle board doubles tournament will be posted tomorrow, and all first rounds are to be played off within the next week. Equipment for both ping pong and shuffleboard will be reserved for tournament use every day after 4 o’clock. of the Green Bay Packers, and Clem Woltman, stalwart of the line of the Philadelphia Eagles, are both gracing the campus . . . they may work out with the spring training group but there is nothing definite on the matter as yet.
N&ticms
gineering Council at Indianapolis Saturday, February 11, please contact me at once. Transporation will be provided, and we will return in time for the basketball game that evening. —AHRENS.
Engineer Workers: The following men will report to the Engineer oifice Monday, February 6, at 4 o’clock: Martineck, McBlroy, Mossburg, Stephens, Lawler, Fox, Kennedy, and Sturm. —RICE.
Activity Bureau Board: Will be a meeting in the office Monday, February 6, at 4 o’clock. —JACOBSON.
Activity Bureau Sophomores: Please report to the office Tuesday, February 7, at 4 o’clock. Important —JACOBSON.
Laboratory Theater: Tryouts for the first series of plays will be held in Fowler Hall Sunday, February 5, at 1:30 a. m. —WILLIAMS.
Young People’s Fellowship: A meeting will be held Sunday, February 5, in St. John’s Episcopal Church. Supper will be at 6 p. m. At 7 p. m. there will be a program by Mr. A. R Mather, British Inspectin' of Schools in Rodhesia, Africa. —FINNEY.
Debris Photo Staff: Meeting Tuesday, February 7, at 4 p. m. in room B of the Union. Important. —DYER, WRAY.
Glee Club: Call for game tickets at Fieldhouse office. Passports are necessary. (2-6) —WORCESTER.
Varsity Golf: Candidates should report at the driving range in the Fieldhouse any time from 9 a. m. to 6 p. m (2-6) —ALLSPAW.
Purdue Engineer Business Staff: Meet in the office at 4 p. m. Tuesday, February 7. Your attendance will indicate your interest in the magazine. —BEHRENDS.
WAA Fencing: Will meet Tuesday, February 8, at 4 o’clock instead of Monday, February 7. There will be a beginning group starting at the same time. —CASE.
PEW 59: Rehearsal for demonstration Thursday, February 9, at 7 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. Compulsory attendance. —FISHLEIGH.
Christian Science Organization: Special meeting, due to convocation, will be held Tuesday, February 7, at 7 p. m in room C of the Union. —MACK.
Lambda Kappa: A business and social meeting will be held in the faculty lounge of the Union at 7 :30 p. m., Sunday, February 6. —OTT.
WAA Fencing: Fencing is scheduled for every Monday and Friday afternoons. (2-8) —FRASER.
Big
Ten
Standings
Ohio State
5
1
.833^
242
202
Indiana
3
1
.750
155
128
Minnesota
5
2
.714
238
201
Illinois
4
2
.667
216
182
N’western
2
3
.400
144
166
Wisconsin
2
3
.400
141
177
Iowa
2
4
.333
188
198
Michigan
2
4
.333
195
211
PURDUE
. 1
2
.333
112
112
Chicago
1
5
.167
160
214
WAA Volley Ball: Teams were chosen Friday, February 3. Members of the teams are as follows: Freshman, Martha Kennedy, Lucy Judge, Carolyn Smith, Joan Modisett, Katherine Ade, Mary Smith, Bonnie Cox, Frances Jones, Dorothy Housekeeper, Esther Kirkhoff, Eleanor Harrison. Sophomores, Betty Smith, Katherine Himes, Dorothy Holden, Janet Greger, Eileen Westover, Lois Heiser, Marie Butz, Ruth Swift, June Spry, Jane Stickler. Juniors, Jane Herschman, Leora Mermelstein, Marietta Johnson, Betty Spears, Janet McDougall, Margorie Hoover, Martha Schroder, Mary Clymer. Seniors, Mary Helen Miller, Flora Holt, Martha Whitehead, Pauline Swick, Dons Peterson, Amy Perry, Janet Shaffer, Ruth Wiley, Katherine Meriitt, Virginia Blank, Elizabeth Maier. —SWICK.
Zouaves: Meeting of all members of the Purdue Order of Zouaves on Monday, February 6, at 4 o’clock in the armory. —HURST.
Fraternity Presidents: Dinner meeting of the Fraternity Presidents Council Tuesday, February 7, at 6:80 p. m. at the Acacia House. Please notice the advance in time due to convocation. Full attendance is uiged. —DEAN.
Freshmen Fencers: Men interested in fencing report to third floor of the Fieldhouse Monday, February 6, at 4 p. m. in serviceable clothing. —LEVIN.
The University of Utah biological museum has just received an extra-special gift of 2,000 birds’ eggs.
Last Night’s Results Ohio State 31, Minnesota 30. Wisconsin 39, Michigan State 37. Northwestern 27, Iowa 25.
WAA Ping Pong Tournament: Will be continued now that finals are over. The first round must be finished by Wednesday, February 8. The schedule is posted inside the gym. —SCHILLING
Freshman Track: All tresnman track men report immediately to me for assignments. (2-8) —WILKENING.
WAA Shuffle Board Double Tournament: Will start Monday, February 6. All players please put telephone numbers after names. The schedule is posted inside the gym. —SCHILLING.
PE Students: All PE students taking Education 18 should see the secretary in room 110 in the Fieldhouse and leave with her their free hours for student teaching. (2-8) —EASTWOOD.
■ANNOUNCING'
THE OPENING OF NEW RESIDENTIAL OFFICE 460 NORTHWESTERN AVENUE, W. L. 11 A M. TO 12.30 DAILY 7 P. M. TO 8 WEDNESDAY Office Hours at 317 Lafayette Life Bldg, I P. M. to 4 Daily, Except Thursday and Sunday. 7 P. M. to 8 Saturday, Sunday and Other Evenings by Appointment C. H. ROMMEL, Physician and Surgeon
Newman Club; All those wishing to serve on the contact committee, please call Holland, 3243 or Kassen at the Terry House, before Monday night, February 6. —HOLLAND.
Student Senate: Senators please report to Sully Mason or myself, for duty on Book Exchange in the Union Ballroom at 10 a. m. Come in whenever you have some spare time. * (2-6) —ELLIOTT.
Camera Club: Important business meeting Tuesday, February 7, at 7:30 in tower room of Union. All members are requested to be present —OBLINGER.
Purdue Camera Club: Date for acceptance of prints for the traveling exhibit has been postponed for two weeks. Please do not take prints to Union office until later notice. (2-6) —HADBEN.
ASCE: All members inteiested in attending the annual meeting of the Indiana En-
Ceres: Important meeting 7 p. m Tuesday, Febiuary 7, Room B, Union. Meeting will be over in time for Convocation —SEUFFEELE.
“You, Too, Can Be the Life of the Party” It’s pep and energy that makes you a gay social success . . . and milk gives you just the vitality you need to make you really feel like enjoying a good time. Drink more milk—the secret of vigorous health. SUNSHINE FARMS
807 N. 4th
Phone 5015
STARTING LINEUPS Purdue Positic^n Wisconsin Igney F Dupee Fisher F Smith Anderson (C) C Bell Dickinson G Rundell Beretta G Weigandt OFFICIALS—Referee, Ed Powers, Detroit; umpire, Carl Johnson, Illinois. BROADCAST—Radio station WBAA. Time— 7:30 P. M. Wisconsin’s Badgers will give the Boilermakers their first opportunity to play before home fans since the Big Ten opener against Northwestern and the first conference contest since January 16, when they meet the Gold and Black quintet in the Fieldhouse tomorrow night at 7:30. —111———— II■III Coach Lambert will start the regu-
Bucks Meet Indiana; Iowa Invades Illinois In Big Ten Hardwood Contests Tomorrow Four other Big Ten teams will compete tomorrow night besides Purdue and Wisconsin. Ohio State plays a return engagement at Indiana and Iowa tackles the Illini at home. Ohio State, boasting the conference scoring leader, Captain Jimmy Hull, was rated as a second rate team at best when the season began, but has surprised cage followers with flashes of brilliance which have made them one of the chief championship contenders. The Hoosiers will be striving to avenge the defeat which they suffered at the hands of these same Buckeyes in the opening game of the Western Conference campaign a month ago. Benny Stephens’ absence from the Hawkeye lineup has greatly handicapped the lowans, who seemed to have hit their stride when they upset the Boilermakers at Iowa City, but Stephens was taken ill with the flu and was out of action for a couple of weeks. He is expected to be ready for full time duty tomorrow. The Illini, despite Friday’s 38-24 defeat by Notre Dame’s greatly improved five, have been a continual bid for the top of the conference, headed by Hapac and Dehner, who have combined to score two-thirds of the Orange and Blue points. Satui day’s game between the Boilermakers and the Illini is the only other conference engagement of the week. Sports Staff Meeting A sports staff meeting for all freshmen, sophomores, and juniors will be held in room D of the Union, Tuesday at 7:30. Bring schedules. —McDonald.
Cooper Union’s library last year circulated 230,819 books, only four per cent of which were fiction.
A Dartmouth College student has begun publication of a weekly newspaper for skiing enthusiasts.
lar lineup which will be at full strength for the first time since the injury to Captain Gene Anderson more than a month ago. During the first three conference games he favored a bad leg, but the subsequent vacation has given him time to return to top form. Regular Lineup Bob Igney, diminutive sophomore who has maintained a speedy pace during the first semester, will start at one forward with veteran Dan Fisher, the squad’s leading scorer against Big Ten opposition at the other. Fred Beretta, junior guard who has been steadily improving in the last few weeks and Tom Dickinson, fast, aggressive guard, will handle the other two positions. Dupee and Sinith, Cardinal forwards, are the main offensive guns for the Badgers, Dupee ranking up well in the conference individual scoring list with 39 points in five games, and Smith second on the net team with 27 points. Wisconsin Defense Bell, outstanding defensive pivot man will start at center. At the guards Coach Foster will start Rundell and Weigandt. Aside from these men Foster has on hand such reserves as Schwartz, England, and Galagher. A question mark in the Big Ten throughout the early part of the season, the Badgers have beea in and out with little signs of settling down to a consistent grade of performance. In pre-conference contests they defeated Marquette but turned around and dropped a game to Butler. Their Big Ten recoTd includes victories over Iowa and the Wolverines, and losses to Chicago, Indiana, and Illinois. Nine Gaines Left Tomorrow’s game will be the first of five in two weeks and the first of nine in the remaining four weeks of the conference campaign. With one victory in first three Big Ten engagements, the Riveters will attempt to square the count against Wisconsin, and follow on Saturday with another home game against Illinois. By special arrangements recently made, the band will be present to add color to the remaining home games by playing music, which has not been present at previous hardwood battles in the Fieldhouse. Besides the band, there will be a public address system for the benefit of fans who wish to follow the lineups and substitutions as the game progresses.
Make This Sunday More Enjoyable Our Special Sunday Dinners Are A Real Treat MITZI CAFE Vine Street
Blue Key, national honorary fraternity, will hold its 1940 national convention at Kent State University in Ohio.
The National Student Federation of America at its last convention voted not to back the annual na-tion-wide peace strike.
The finest collection of its kin<) in the world, the Gray Herharijpum, of Harvard University, owns 994,704 plant specimens.
HAYS JEWELRY CO. EAST SIDE OF SaOADS FINE JEWELRY AT MOBBRATB FRICRSH
3^caL (Ma^
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
^nticoA.
Sunday, February 5,1939
The Week's NEWS
(Continued from page 1) As things now stand, one million of the thi-ee million persons on relief must be eliminated by June 30, although the bill provides that only 150 thousand may be dropped before April 1. Labor’s Arguments . . . . , . for and against the AF of L’s amendments to the Wagner Labor Act will be heard by the Senate Labor Committee in the near future. At present the proposed amendments have been sent to the NLRB for comment. Chairman Thomas (DUtah) will open hearings when his work with the military affairs committee has been completed. Intimidation by G-Men . . . . . . according to Congressman Dies, is the complaint of his witnesses who chaige that the FBI representatives are investigating them instead of facts about un-Americs^n-ism. Dies’ committee was virtually assured of an extension of life and funds until Jan. 3, 1940, by the recently won approval of the house I’ules committee. WAR Skies Darkened . . . . . . for Spanish Loyalists last week, as 1 ebel troops pushed ahead almost unopposed in their Catalonian mopup. Insurgents yesterday occupied Gerona, 22 miles south of week-old piovisional capital Pigueras. On Fiiday insurgent planes bombed 100,000 refugees ciowded into Pigueias, 18 miles from the French bordei, killing 150, wounding 200. Into Barcelona last week marched armies of Rebel Generalissimo Francisco Franco, and Spain’s largest city fell with only a sniper’s fusillade. No military action comparable to it had taken place since the Prussians took Pans in 1871. Ital-ian-German men and supplies have practically won the war for Fascism against Communistic government Spain. Dividing a City . . . . . 1 evolutionary Baicelona foices began fighting among themselves. Anarchist hated Communist almost as much as he hated Rebel. When insuigent tioops entered the city they saw Rebel gold and white bunting flying f 1 om windows and housetops, saw a cheering population, saw smiling giils, were greeted much as Hitler when he entered Vienna. It is a question whether natives were cheeiing with their hearts or cheering because a sword was held at theii breasts. Every Road . . . ... to the French border from Catalonia’s remains, through an area about the size of Connecticut, is choked with refugee humanity in one of history’s greatest and most tragic hegiras. To prevent a mass refugee “invasion,” the French border was reinforced with 4,500 more Mobile Guards and Senegalese troops, but fear-driven Loyalists crossed the border by sheer pressure from thousands still behind. With Expected Fall . . . ... of Loyalist Catalonia, Republican Spain will consist of only the southern Madrid-Valencia area. It IS without war industries and fed mostly by Valencia Province, whose capital is now only 30 miles from the rebel front. News of Barcelona’s fall was kept a secret in Madrid, as Loyalist officers pondered over future action. Chinese Guerilla . . . . . . bands have killed over 8,000 Japanese troops in the last 12 days in southwest Shansi province, Chinese reports said yesterday. Japanese have abandoned plans to invade Shansi province to the west of Shansi, because of military setbacks and moderating weather. The Japs hoped to cross the Yellow river while it^was still fiozen, the.se reports stated. BUSINESS Gotham “Pilgrims” . . . . . . this week crowded the tiny green-walled cafeteria of their $1,344,700 company to hold their annual stockholder’s meeting. Outwardly they resembled anything but capitalists, but inwardly they gloat-
ed over the thought that they were unique in owning their own corporation. Called “Pilgrims” by 65-year-old James Dann because they are employees of his Pilgrim Laundry Inc. of Brooklyn, N. Y., these 635 lucky people began buying stock in their einployer’s company way back in 1^21. Today they own 75% of the corporation’s shares which now are valued at $26 apiece. During the Cafeteria meeting they learned that their management of their own business had run up a $10,000 deficit on a 1938 gross of $82,600. However, no “Pilgrims” had been paid off, regular dividends had been paid, and a wage increase declared back in 1937 had been maintained. Instead of being just common laborers these 535 average $2,000 apiece in their bank accounts. Best Business . . . ... in months was the report turned in this week by the Chicago Association of Commerce survey committee. Not for a year and a half has the windy city seen such prosperous signs. Building figures were up, permits of construction almost trippling those of December, 1937. Stock exchange transactions and bank clearances along with freight carloadings, public utility operations and postal receipts showed a decided upswing. Franco’s Success . . . ... in Spain coupled with the general tense situation in Europe again brought the stock market to its knees early in the week. Industrials and rails led the race downward. Authorities contributed the break to the fact that the Bank of England asked London some time ago to put the brakes on the flow of English gold to the U. S. by not permitting speculations in U. S. securities. This caused substantial British liquidation of U. S. stocks. Later in the week, however, this lull turned into a rapid climb again. Relaxation of European war fears following Hitler’s speech was quoted as the indirect cause. A. T. & T. hit a new high at 158%, followed by such favorites as U. S. Steel, Bethlehem, DuPont, U. S. Rubber, American Smelting, Westinghouse. General Motors and Chrysler. NATIONAL Blizzards . . . . . . tied up traffic in northern states eaily this week as blinding snow storms swept along the Canadian border. Chicago floundered in one of its worst recorded storms, with traffic halted and schools dismissed. Nearly 15 inches of snow fell in less than 15 hours—a mark exceeded only three times in Chicago’s history. Meanwhile, southern Indiana and states along the Ohio experienced flood scares as weather-men predicted above-flood stages in both the
White and Wabash rivers, swelling the Ohio almost to its 36-foot flood st^ge. Accidents . . . . . . took a toll in the United States small last year by 10,200 lives, National Safety Councilmen decided this week. Last year’s fatalities reached 96,000. This greatest improvement in a single year is due to general improvement in every classication, said the council. For the first time in years, accidental deaths in home exceeded traffic fatalities. 2,750 San Quentin . . . . . . convicts went on strike this week against the prison’s menu, while Warden Court Smith worried about what he termed a “powder keg” situation. Complaints about the food were vague, and bread handed in to the cells each morning quickly disappeared. Warden Smith is quoted as believing the prisoners are striking as a means of gaining further privileges. George Burns . . . . . . nationally known comedian of stage,, screen, and radio who recently stepped into the glare of the FBI spotlight in a New York smuggling expose, received a suspended sentence this week in New York Federal court, was fined $8,000 and placed on probation for a year. Bums will now be available as a witness against his radio and film lival. Jack Benny, who will stand tiial February 14. Maximum penalty can be $45,000 fine and 18 years impiisonment. FOREIGN The World Listened . . . . . . Monday as Adolf Hitler addiessed the first gi eater German Reichstag on the sixth anniversary of national socialist rule in Germany, the speech’ being broadcast to the United States via short wave radio. Main points of der Fuehrei’s addiess weie a warning to the United States to keep her hands off German trade in South America, pledge of German support for Italy in case of war, and demand for return of Germany’s pre-war colonies. London’s Scotland Yard . . . . . . was mobilized Friday in a widespiead search for terrorists suspected of bombing two subway stations. Bombers worked in eaily morning; threatened to blow up the mam police station and court because “certain defendants” had not received justice. Police are searching for evidence to connect these bombings •with the blasting of power stations last month. The bombs, which were left in checked suitcases, exploded at 5:55 a. m. and at 6:20 a. m., recalling to Scotland Yard’s attention the 6 a. m. zero hour of January’s bombings.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookslores
• Jeweler!
"DIAC" Everything for a College Education H.'G. REISNER
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This Is all we do, but we do it well. Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
• Locksmith
• Professional
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATE SHARPENING Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—D,D.S. HAROLD J. RISK—D.D.S. LUTHER A. RISK—D.D.S. Schultz Bulldirtg 4h^and Main Phona 5701
• Printing
r\RINTING H^^OfFIce SUtloncry , O I *l/cddln8 Invitation* WONE ■ Book., Etc.. . 2628 CASSEL’S 408tERRV
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1191/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
• Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop In the YARISITY BOOT SHOP
Mass Emmigration . . . ... of Jews from Germany seemed more probable this week at the conclusion of three weeks of discussions by the Intergovernmental Refugee Committee in Berlin. A German spokesman expressed the view that if a “few important nations with land available” accepted the proposal, the German government would be found “surprisingly generous.” SPORTS For a Decade . . . . . . Pittsburgh Pantherites have pushed and pulled incessantly over their current unstable athletic policies—long the object of many of John Q. Public’s attacks. At mid-week, Pitt requested legislative help and advice from Western Conference big bugs, hinted for a position in the westerners’ already crowded set-up. Pipe-smoking conference commissioner John L. Griffith said, “They asked for help and nothing more. Why, we don’t even know, if they want to join. (Concerning Pitt’s possible entrance to the Big Ten.) They haven’t said so. But we’ll help all we can.” However, several writers interpreted sage Griff’s statement to mean; Pittsburgh, go to hell! As Major Collegiate . . . . . . basketball races resume action following an examination interval, the situation in more important court circuit standings throughout the nation remain tense. At least half of the groups can boast undefeated teams, and have challengers close enough to turn standings topsy-turvy in several games. Undefeated teams of basketballaddicted U. S. are Eastern Conferencer Carnegie Tech, Eastern Leaguer Dartmouth, Southwestern Conferencer Southern Methodist, Rocky Mountain Big Sevener Colorado, Pacific Coaster Washington. Other toppers with one setback are Southern Conferencer Wake Forest, Pacific Coaster California, Big Tener’s Minnesota and Ohio State, Big Sixer’s Iowa State and Missouri. Gleason To Discuss Youth And Marriage “So You Want to be Married,” will be the topic discussed by the Roger Williams group of the West Side Baptist Church this evening at 6:30. This will be the first discussion group in a series on “Youth and Marriage.” led by Rev. Joseph Baird Gleason.
Sigma Pi Siqma To Initiate Eleven Sigma Pi Sigma, national physics honorary, will initiate eleven members tomorrow night at 9 with open ceremonies, which will be attended by members, initiates, and wives. After the ceremonies, a party will be held for all members and wives in the faculty lounge. Dr. J. L. Bray, head of chemical engineering. Dr. A.E. Hines, professor of mathematics, and Dr. R. B. Withrow, horticultural professor of the Agricultural Experiment Station, are among the 11 initiates. Others to be conducted into the chapter are; Miss Sylvia S Zussin, John M. Parks, R. C. Parker, C. G. Hylkema, C. A. Reichelderfer, S. G. Bowman, J. F. Bell, H. S. Vinson. Officers of the Purdue chapter are: E. A. Clayton, president; J. 0. Hancock, vice president; T. S. Renzema, secretary; and R. E. Holm- ■ quist, treasurer.
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS—All znakei. atondurd and portable, aold, purchaaed, rented, and repaired. New portable maohinea aa low aa $20.76. Suppliea. C. F. Eberahofl, 606 Main atreet
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Keys in case; on or near campus. Reward. Phone 36663.
FOR SALE
1929 FORD ROADSTER. Excellent paint, interior, etc. Year old tires, brakes. New clutch, windshield and floor mat. Many extras. Private owner; call 71332.
ROOMS FOR RENT
FOR RENT—One double room, single beds. Wanted room-mate for graduate student. 432 N. Grant St., Phone 41612.
FOR RENT—Large single room. All conveniences. No other roomers. Phone 41842.
FOR RENT—Double room for students. Two closets. Clean, comfortable living quarters. 422 N. Salisbury.
West Side Office 132 Vine St. Phone 7278
Distinguished-Looking Guest in American-Cleaned Formats Be Wise— Phone Call 3085 American!
Point your footsteps toward the EXPONENT—you want to buy, sell, trade, rent, or find anything... You'll find that the classified columns of the PURDUE EXPONENT will bring results.
THE Purdue Exponent Business Phone — 5038