WeM, Anyhow...
Z>1IS
FoviiM In 1889
X^tKUteM 9 MySiiicn1908
BmoImII SoMOfi ItCominif
^ Vdiime 5X No. 127
West Loiayette* ladkma
Sunday, Mofch 2, 1941
Hoosiers Take Sweet Revenge, 47-29
WSSF Launches Campus Drive As Moritz Speaks Final preparations for the drive of the World Student Service Fund at the University will be made today at a series of meetings conducted by Paul Moritz, America’s student ambassador to China. Moritz, whb returned to this countrjr last fall after visiting student groups in China, will speak this morning at 10:30 o’clock in the Westminster Church. WSSF workers will meet with Moritz at 2:30 this afternoon to plan the University
campaign. Students, Townspeople Welcome Morit2 Mvill speak at 7:30 o’clock this evening in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union at the principal meeting of the sefies. His subject will be “Students Beneath Bombs.” The meeting will be open to all students and townspeople. Funds for needy students throughout war-torn Europe and Asia will be sought by WSSF through organization of the various Lousing groups: fraternities, sororities, Cary Hall, Women’s Residence Halls, co-operative houses and independent houses. Each house will have one representative who will be responsible for the donations in his house, and each housing group will have one member on the central board of the WSSF. Two Hundred Boxes Prepared Over two hundred donation boxes have been prepared by the WSSF workers for distribution to the various houses. Reports on contributions will be made by representatives on Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Totals will be published in barometer form in the Union. Fund directors have set the goal of the drive at the University at $700, which amounts to about two '“cokes” per student. The national goal has been set at $100,000. Money allotted to Europe collected in the drive will be cabled to a neutral committee in Geneva, Switzerland, which has been selected from the members of international religious and relief agencies working under a -Swiss chairman. Contributions Divided Contributions will be evenly divided between European and Chinese agrencies with the exception of funds earmarked by'the donors for specific uses. Students caught in the various phases of war—^prisoners of war, men and women interned in neutral countries and refugees in territories dominated by aggpressor nations but as yet imoccupied—can be greatly aided by very small sacrifices on the part of their American colleagues, due to favorable rates of exchange. r.l.h. Pohler Will Address AlChE On Distillation Equipment “Development of Low Temperature Distillation Equipment” will be the subject of a talk by G. M. Pohler at the AIChE meeting Wednesday evening in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building. Pohler is a member of the J. E. Seagrams Distillery, Louisville, Ky.
Student
News Of Europe^s Changing Fnmis
Vienna, March 1.—^Bulgaria officially joined the Berlin-Rome-To-kyo Axis to^ay, following the almost inevitable lead of Hungary, Rumania and Slovakia, at a ceremony in the Belvedere Palace. . With Adolph Hitler in the background, German Foreign Minister Joachim von Ribbentrop, Bulgarian Premier Bogdan Philoff, Count Galeazzo Ciano, Italian foreign minister, and Gen. Horoshi Oshima, new Japanese ambassador to Germany, signed the pact.
. . . ambassador to China, Paul Moritz (above) forms an integral part of today’s opening of the WSSF drive. Moritz speaks at 7:45 o’clock tonight in both Faculty Lounges of the Union. Contest Now On For Prom Decorations As in past years, the Prom Committee is sponsoring a contest for ideas for decorating the ballroom for the Prom. The contest is not limited to backdrop designs but includes the entire ballroom. The rules covering the contest are: 1. All entries must be accompanied by complete drawings of the layout; 2. The ideas expressed and not the rendering of the drawings are the sole basis of the judging; 3. The total cost of the materials required should not exceed one hundred dollars; 4. Each entry must include an itemized list of the costs involved; 5, The Prom committee is the sole judge and their decision is final; 6. All entries must be submitted to Chuck Hansen at Terry House, 608 Waldron, on or before Monday, March 17. The prize for the contest will be a complimentary ticket to the Prom, or in case the winner has already purchased a ticket, a refund equal to. the amount of the ticket. e.g.k.
Moritz Tells Of Difficulties Met
By Students In ^Mar- Torn China jmjjQn jQpjj
By Ernest Nordlinger Traveling for 14 months through war-stricken China and Europe, Paul Moritz was welcomed to the University last night by Bob Belcher, general secretary of WSSF. Quite willing to relate his exciting adventures through the war area, Moritz was quick to ask for Lou Brock, his erstwhile opponent on the basketball floor of the Kansas State
sectionals.
“Bombings are a common occurence to the Chinese student,” remarked the traveler, “every campus has been bombed at least onee.”
The government has encouraged college education, and the attendance has risen from 41,000 students before the Japanese invasion to 45,000. Engineers are badly needed aiui if a bridge must be built, the professor and his class is on the job learning with practice. The much publicized Burma road is an engineering feat that is being studied by the world. Paul Moritz rode oyer this lone exit from Free China and hopes to answer questions that have bothered students in his lecture tonight.
K. E. Beeson, secretary-treasurer of the Indiana Corn Growers Association, and Marioh Learning, secretary of the seed corn committee, will speak at 7 o’clock Wednesday evening in room 104 of Agricultural Hall, before a group of Agricultural students interested in seed certification. It will be the regular meeting of the group, which convenes weekly to consider problems relating to the maintenance of seed standards.
BtiibhSpokesmen 5,000 See Boilermakers SilentOn Bulgarin's Bow To Indiana Quintet
Adherence To Axis
Sofia, March 1.—Germany actually took over this city today when troops drove into Sofia in gray armored cars. These advanced guards reached the center of the Bulgarian capital late in the day. German troops were dressed in regulation battle dress, wore steel helmets, abd bore rifles, gas masks and heavy battle packs. Three carloads rolled through the arterial streets of Sofia and passed the German legation. At the same time, droves of Nazi fighter planes hovered over the capital city. University Musical Groups To Present All-Campus Concert Reception Will Follow Annual Conyo Tuesday University musical organizations, including the Symphonic Band, the Concert Choir, the Men’s Glee Club and the University Orchestra, combine Tuesday evening at 8 o’clock in the Hall of Music to give their annual all-campus talent concert. Immediately after the convocation, the Student Union will hold a reception honoring the musicians in the south ballroom of the Union. Students and faculty members are invited to attend the reception, according to Charles Brandt, chairman of the Union tea and reception committee. He also said that refreshments will be served. The convocation program is arranged into two parts. The first part is the playing of Tschaikowsky’s “Marche Slave” and Haydn’s Symphony No. 11, G Major “Military,” by the Symphonic Band. In the second part, the Glee Club and Concert Choir will present a variety of numbers, including two solos, one by Alberta Schmadel and the other by Wallace Woodrow. In this part, the Glee Club and the choir do their gypsy scene in which they appear in colorful costumes, complete to tambourines and beer mugs, and sing appropriate songs. Passports are required for student admission while townspeople may obtain tickets at the door for one dollar, according to Professor J. T. Gunn, chairman of the committee for convocations, e.g.k.
Up To Bulgaria To Make Herself 'Baffle Ground' By William H. Btoneman SPECIAL CABLE To The Chicago Daily News Foreign Service Copyright, 1941, Chicago Daily News, Inc. London, March 1.—^British official spokesmen did not even take the trouble today to “deplore” Bulgaria’s formal adherence to the threepowet pact. Nothing that Bulgaria could sign would alter the blatant fact that Bulgaria is, and has been, a membei of the Axis in all but name for many weeks, it is pointed out. At the same time, it was denied that the British had given Bulgaria an ultimatum threatening a declaration of war. It is up to Bulgaria to get herself into the present war by allowing the passage of uniformed Germans through her territory for operation against Greece, according to the view here. If that happens, then Bulgaria will become the “bombing ground of Europe.” Pleased With Turk Talks The British appear pleased at the results of their conversations with the Turks, though the nature of the decisions taken is not yet known in London, One thing that does appear clear is Turkey’s willingness to defend the Dardanelles at any cost. Among the questions that remain to be answered as a result of Foreign Secretary Anthony Eden’s trip to Ankara and Athens are the following: 1. If the Germans do march through Bulgaria toward Salonika, will the Turks send armed assistance to the Greeks and make a declaration of war upon Germany and Bulgaria ? 2. Will the British send a fullscale expeditionary force to Salonika? 3. Will it appear more desirable due to the inability of the Turks to make adequate contribution to Salonika’s defense, for the Nile Army to stay in North Africa and finish uj Tripolitania ? The Germans have been trying (Continued on page 4) Lafayette Lions Club To Fete Cage Squads Wednesday In Union Plans for a full program for Wednesday evening’s Lafayette Lions’ Club banquet in honor of the University basketball squad are rapidly nearing completion, according to E. F. Degrering, chairman of the committee. The banquet, an annual Lions Club affair, will be held in the Union at 6 o’clock Wednesday night. President E. C. Elliott will speak under the title, “Hoops and Hoopla.” Harold Van Orman, former lieuten-ant-governor of Indiana, will act as master of ceremonies, and will present on the rapid-fire program such entertainment features as the Men’s Glee Club under the direction of A. P. Stewart and the Varsity Band directed by A1 Todd. Awarding of letters to both the varsity and freshmen varsity team members, and the election of the captain of the 1941-’42 quintet will furnish high-lights of the evening. Ticket sales wind up tomorrow night at 10 o’clock following the season’s basketball finale with Northwestern. Up to that time, tickets may be purchased at the University Drug Store, Decker’s, Deacs, Southworth’s, the West Desk of the Union or from any memher of the Lions Club. The price is one dollar. TJCJt,
Captain Bob
By JOE IWLAN
Exponent Sports Editor
Bloomington, Ind., March 1.—(Special to The Purdue Exponent)—Not that it matters, but shucks, fellas, Indiana university’s national champions and Big Ten chumps decided that tonight was the time and place to redeem themselves for flipping in conference competition. Purdue was the miserable victim of that redemption act by the angered Hoosiers, as the pride of the Wabash fell, 47-29, before the home onslaught that hit from dressing room to ticket office. John Conrad was the only Boilermaker to look good as 6,000 saw lU regain her prestige. ' ■' -—. By dumping the Boilermakers,
Indiana fixed its record at nine wins and two defeats, and since Wisconsin subdued the Gophers, the Hoosiers must be content with second place in the conference arrang^ement for the second successive season.
Dro Drives
Senior Bob Dro conducted the speedy Hoosier offensive in the assault around the Riveter goal by counting twelve points, the top performance of the tilt. For the Boilermakers Johnny Conrad never stopped driving, and when the final gun sounded, he had totaled ten
points.
A Lambert combination consisting of Hoffman, Sprowl, Blanken, Blemker and Riley started the tussle, while a surprise lineup consisting of Logan, Shaeffer, Bill Menke, Dro and Zimmer lined up for Indiana. First Half The vertical heave of Referee Bill Haarlow opening another feud contest was tapped by the stretchy Bill Menke to teammate, Shaeffer, who started the ball toward the Crimson goal. Both teams failed with shots until Shaeffer, after the g;ame was one minute old, tallied on a onehand pivot shot. Hoffman notdied a free throw after being wrong;ed by Shaeffer. Bob Dro, senior Hoosier, drove underneath for two points shortly before Bill Menke hit on a pivot shot from the charity line; a few seconds later the same play with the same player added another twopointer. Indiana’s seven-point lead in the chase caused the Boilermakers to call for rest. They Still Do It But the rest period seemed only to help the Hoosiers as Log;an intercepted a wild Riveter pass and relayed the ball to Shaeffer who scored unmolested. Blemker’s conversion of one free throw in two attempts temporarily stalled the Crimson march of consecutive points, but the McCracken machine shook the dark-haired Bob Dro loose for a pass in front ot the end zone and at one side of the goaL He scored before the onmshing Riveter guards could protect the bas-
ket.
Sophomore Scores With the score standing at 16-2, (CSatinued on page 4> Ctergymen To Speak In Marriage Series Clergymen representing Protestant, Jewish and Catholie have been invited to conduct the third of the annual series of six marital lectures which wiU be held Thursday afternoon at 4 o’clock in the Electri-^. cal Engineering Building. The Rev. Graham the OMitni^ Presbsrterian Church ropresmktft Protestantism, Rabbi SImem bf tlift Temple Israel wiR give thq Jbiflslk view-point, and lather Chaimuui of St. Mary’s Churrii vdiU esphOtt Ibe Catholic angle. Each will covmr hie church’s particdlar view-point toward marriage, explaining the eipal differencea in practicea. Juniors and amflora may abbendi the locture, and it wilt bo constdared aa a yegulnr dass meeting for enrdled in the tiuree-twnr nuiindniEb course, rjror.
. . . Igney entered the Hoosier game last night in the second half, although a recent knee injury reduced his effectiveness. Monday night’s Northwestern game will be Bob’s farewell to Boilermaker basketball after three years of sharpshooting for Piggy Lambert.
Junior John
... Conrad, who has come to the fore in the last two Riveter games. Against Iowa last Monday night he clinched victory with two buckets in the second overtime. He was most troublesome to the Hoosiers last night, scoring ten points. All Students ... are invited to attend the Student Union tea dance to be held in the north ballroom of the Unkm Tuesday afternoon from 4 to 5:45
o’dodc.
\■F
Classified Ads
POBBAUt lypcwtiten and Addiiw mMhines, a«w ■wl oaed, f«r tale, NSit and rcfpsired. AB aoMkw A porteMe trpcwriten. $2S.75 to St. naiMs. *m.
Sunday^ florch 2* 1$4|
fijuMiwL £xfa!mnL
BIB 34 C’a nnd Tat A make-np final for ‘C and I gradea receivod in any division of BUB 30 last semester will be given Satnrday, Blar^ 16, at 1:00 p. m. in room KB IIS. Students planning to take the examination please notify me before noon on March 16. —COPE.
roBioaNT
For Bentt Double twin.
infieibpring t phone 41444.
. single bed wtQi matiees. 406 W. Stadium, Tele*
AlChE Meeting: Open meeting Wednesday, March 6, in EE 129. George M. Pohler wUl apeak on “Development of Low Temperature Distillation Equipment.” The new issue of AIChE Bulletin Will also be distributed. '—biAssey. Hillel Foundation: See what you know about cunrent events at our “Information Please” meeting this Sunday, March 2, in room 366 of the Union. Meeting starts at 6:80 and a short but imi>ortant business meeting wiU precede the program. —WOLF.
Far Banti Busa-Beat-A-Oar Serviea. Cam for aO oecM^na. Min. I2A0 all night. Phona 2407. Loat: Delta Sigma Phi fraternity pin. Beward. Boh 6<dilander. Phone 71884,
Notices Bemoval of CoadHiona in Engliah and Spocdi: Examinatlonn will be held in room 101 of tha Bdueation building Saturday. March 16, at 1 p. m. —CREEK.
Removal of Conditions in GE 11 and GE 12: Examin^ons WiU be held in room 2til, Michael Golden shops on Wednesday, Blarch 12, at 6 p. m, —RISING.
Surveying (CE 6): £!xamination for removal of C and I grades will be held in room 101, CE building on Saturday afternoon, March 16. Sthdcnts interested may obtain permits in room 102. —LOMMEL.
W88F: All workers! Get workers’ info sheets—full data on campaign—trom WSSF office, room 68 Union, at once, verbatum. —BELCHER.
W88F: Workers conference with Paul Moritz 2 SO p. m Sunday, March 2, in Union reception room Q —BELCHER
All Cb sdai Those wanting YWCA eahtnet poritlOBB for next year shoidd s^ dons to Bliss Bryant or Bliss CooUdge
A 19, —BRYANT.
brfOTr’ii
Scabbard and Blade Actives: Meeting on Tuesday, March 4, at 7:80 p. m. in room 366 of Union Dance bids will be passed out. —MEESB.
Bsrview CIsssss in English: The following r’rr-ri will be held: Grammar, week of Fctonary 17; Punctuation, wed: of Febru•IV 34: BpelUog, week of Blareb 8. They wul aU be given in room 111 of University -OREM. Students With C or I grades: Examinations for the removal of C or I grades in History, Government or Economies wiU be given Saturday, Blareh 8, at 1 p. m. in room 818 of tile Recitation building. AppUeatkns Sbonld be made before Friday, March 7 in the general office in the Recitation Bnilding. —ESTEY,
Student Senate: Following workers please come to Senate office Monday, Blarch 8, at 4 p. m : Jean Brackman, Lois Caldwell, Mary Avis Dahl, Blargaret Meltzer, Joan Sullivan, and Betty Wedge. —PARTENHEIMER.
Scriveners: No meeting Sunday evening, Bfarcb 2. —RIEGLE.
All Co-«ds: Those interested in being in the WAA OeoncU sign up at the Memorial gymnasium hy Tuesday, Blarch 4. —WESTOVBR.
PIA Dance Classes: Advanced class meets Thursday, March 6. Beginners, Wednesday, March 6. —HUMPHREY. Pi Tan Sigma 1 Important meeting Bfonday, March 8, at 4 p. m in reading room of ME Building Bring unsold tickets and cash. —WIST.
Dr. Mann To Address Tlexf Religions Convo Dr. Louis Mann, rabbi of the Sinai Congregation of Chicago and profeBsor of oriental lang^uagea at the University of Chicago, will be the principal speaker at the March Convocation for worship to he held next Sunday morning at 10:80 o’clock in the Hall of Music. "Paradoxes of Progress” will be the topic of Dr. Mann’s discussion. Under the direction of A. P. Stewart, the University choir of Invoices will provide music for the convocation. Dr. Mann has received degrees from the University of Cincinnati, Hebrew Union College and Yale university, and has attended Johns Hopkins. Since 1^23 he has served as rabbi of the Chicago Sinai Congregation. Speaking before an audience of 1600 people. Dr, Mann last addressed the University faculty, students and townspeople in 1939. d.s. Dr. Hollis R. Upson, of Duquesne university, is one of four persons in the world working to translate the liturgy of the Syrian Orthodox church into English.
Armory Wear formal uniform. —GIBSON
Kappa Delta Pi: An oiien meeting scheduled for Wednesday, Blarch 6, in room 201 of the Education Building at 8 p. m. All junior and senior education stiidente are urged to attend to hear Dr. Davis discuss teachers and their jobs. —^NORQUIST.
LUHA
students and Faculty: Subscribers who have not received their winter copy of Scrivener drop a card to the office in the Union at once —ALEXANDER Scabbard and Blade: Members be present at formal pledging Monday, March 3, in the
TODAY - MONDAY - TWO SWELL HITS — lie’s Making
Military Students: A motion picture, “The Wizardry of Wireless,” will be shown Tuesday, March 4, at 4 p m in the Armory, and IS being shown especially for junior cadet officers —BURKHART
Glee Club, Concert Choir and University Orchestra: Dress rehearsal at 9 p m Monday, March 8, after the Northwestern game. —STEWART.
^Boom Town’s" stars... in the funniest LOVE comedy since "Nfnotchko"!
fintanB8snooKnM«Hb - bsIMBCN
HUGH HERBERT
— AND —
Wt
withJeanne KELLY • Shemp HOWARD Anne NAGEL • Kathryn^ ADAMS Lmvis HOWARD - First Lafayette Showing ‘
Ualll
NOW SHOWING ■ 2 First Run Features-
-for SADIE HAWKINS DAY! ... and it hoks like Abner's gonna get hooked^SUT GOODt ///A nhaii ^ bachelor con •xpict of a Dogpotdi ifob b 0 hundred yards hood stort.
o.( LIT
Abner on thb screen Uaitsd Fsstum Ckmiis By AL CARP
witli sH your Tavoritei of the funnietl
FINMIZEf CANDSTfKD^ SENTKFTNE RIVEI.v« ^ Jwa aaaallsa Ai §a m beunteif boasef I^THE EiasiKnis' iOHsCin' WITI} BOBBY JORDAN LEO eORCEY
ALSO SPORT SHORT SUB|ECT MARS — NOW PLAYING— OirDNANDTROmE.
Micl^y Rooney . . , Ameiica's NOf 1 entertainer^ ...athiafonniestl He's buying silk stockings for a new gul... and | Id Polly jealous I The H^y family's besti
jBmU MkAf STONE-ROONET HOLDEN am aaaa law nUTHEBroRD • HJIOEIN ^ BUNIBR w™. EXTRA FUN PETE SMITH'S 'ThinI Dimensional Murder'
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting Tuesday, March 4, at 7 30 p. m In room 302 of the Union —BURROUGHS
ARC — TODAY - MONDAY — DARRYL F. ZANUCK’S IN TECHNICOLOR
Students Interview Senators (Ed. Note: While attending a peace conference at Washington over the past week-end, six members of the Religious Council Peace Committee interviewed Indiana senators and other senators on the question of government policy and the leas^lend bill. The Exponent is carrying the students’ impressions on these interviews in a series of two articles—^the first giving the attitudes of proponents, the second, of the opponents of the bill.) (Second Installment) 3enators Willis of Indian^, Taft of Ohio, and Wheeler of Montana expressed themselves among the Senate opposition to the bill. After drawing out their own objections to the bill, Willis concisely stated his—^that Hitler, Japan and particularly Churchill would be dictating our policies if the bill was passed; our every action would be governed by their moves. Critically thinking, we wondered if that was not the situation anyway. Wheeler addressed our group in the evening, as the Senate leader of the non-interven-tion bloc. He was alarmed at what he considered to be the effects of British propaganda on the passage of the bill. Referring to the last world war, he stated that $100,000,000 was appropriated by the British Parliament to buy control of U. S. metropolitan newspapers, plue free newsprint to any paper willing to co-oper-ate, and urged investigation of the amount of British money being spent here now. Concerning government policy, Wheeler said that American ambassadors in Europe had been underwriting the war policy of Britain since 1938, assuring them that the U. S. would soon be in the war; we wondered if he had proof for that rather startling statement. It is significant also, he pointed out, that the international bankers, who tend to profit greatly from war, have been behind eveiything Roosevelt has said, making it look as if the Lend-Lease Bill is just one part of an administration program towards intervention and war. Wheeler thinks Americans are just begin-
The Purdpe Exponent Entertd aa aecoafi alaM mattar at tlw paat ASm fayetta, Indiaaa. aadar tka act at Cowgiriaa af Mai^ 8. 1879. aafi at Ae «aaial imla at paatasa piavifiai tar tai aee^ 1109. aa4 at Oetabar 1.1917, aa&oiriitafi JiuMarr tt, 1M8. PnblWiad fiailr aaaapi Itondk^ltortae tlw-Msttia* aaadwnie yaar aad watklr dewias tka, Biaaaiar SoNiane Daliratad iaaallr iv tmnUe toe 89si09 pa* paar. laall aokaeripiiaik 39JM> MUat-ia-diM — B. W. Daaahaa ■aalnaaa Mawer— Maria Bataaiiirar FuMMliee Stuff Naim WHar ———J. A BMfaien Staff Laaal Advartiaia* Manaaera: D. ■. Panaia. Q. O. Laadara: FraMotlaa Mawaati^ O. F. DaaxIaaMiar: Aaaoaate lliuiacar, B. J. Aadtardt Cireaianaa Maaw*. B. ML Raektanvr^N. Staff BdBar BaUiBtaaBiaa Aaaaaiata BdMaMi Maqr Bar Millar, Batit Baaa^ Daaaa DliMa Sparta Staff Bditar_. , Jf, F, Dalaa Aaaai^tta AdaaMan. F. 0. Jifkioati. B. 0. Piaalm. Htoiiaar Uitwial 4Q05; SuainaM SOtSj Sparta 2792 XapraaaBtad tar aatlaiial advartiaing kqr Matioaal AdluafMiTUi Urn Night E^tor: Pnreall pay Bdltari Slcaa Issue Editor: Hadl^ Night Sparta Bdfteri Swalm Staff: R. R. Runnion, J. F. Amos, E. O. Kieper, D. M. Black, J. S. Keeler, J. D. Fraser and M. J. Fax.
ning to awaken to their danger. With new sentiment pouring in against the bill he that there is a very good chance of passing limiting amendments to the bill (it seemed to be an unstated opinion that the bill will pass in some form). Among those proposed amendments were: prohibiting the sending of expeditionary forces outside of the Western Hemisphejre, prohibiting the convoying of British vessels by American ships and other limitations on the powers of the President.
Beginning enrollment in Spanish is up 40 per cent at the University of Vermont.
A German firm has brought on the market, wool that can be permanently protected against moths and other insects by a new chemical treatment, even after repeated laundering.
OH
^ gOffNlFi
Meet "Oh, Johnnie" Bonnie I Sentolionol on the cilri Now, with her romonf le moestio, 8he*s the sensation of the tcreeni
HIAR BONNIE (ins 'Oh. Johnnie’ and 3 mere hitei
When Bannia tingf ta Orrin "Yau’ra tha Ona'' >th**» nal faalinsi
HiuConieU-TeiiliyHart Oinettd by fialpb Mwshy
STARTS
UfMBaU TODAY
Ether Edits By Gordon Griffin
That Eree Company we mentioned to you last week brings another original drama by one of America’s outstanding playwrights to the radio. This time it’s “The Mole on Lincoln’s Cheek” by Marc Connelly and it applies to freedom of speech, particularly related to teaching. That's this afternoon from 1:00 to 1:30 over CBS.
Tonight at 6:30 CBS listeners who are tuned in on the “Screen Guild Theater,” will hear Charlotte Bronte’s story, “Jane Eyre,” with Bette Davis and Brian Aherne in the No. 1 spots. —e-e— Do you ever listen to “Of Men and Books?” One thousand listeners a week write in to that program and in the past, they have been complaining that the show is too short. Yesterday, the program, which is conducted by Prof. J. T. Frederick of Northwestern University, was lengthened to a half-hour program and may be heard at 1:80 over WBBM.
How We Answered the Question For Better Dry Cleaning We built a new plant—complete throughout^ new buililings —installed new equipment. With a background of 25 years experience in DRY CLEANING, it is your agsm’^nce of the finest to h© had.
r I ai € CiLEAMi^ilS yf FINE CLOT^gtr
A
SiaiA^, MMk S, IMl
(P/tUtL J * SttBfdiL
Indiana’s Strong Finish Nips Riveter Trackmen
Wisconsin Matmen Surprise Riveters; Overcome 13-Point Deficit To Tie, 16-16 ' Wisconsin’s wrestlers pulled another one of this week’s many surprises yesterday afternoon in the Fieldhpuse as they succeeded inlying- a strong Boilermaker octet, 16-16. After trailing throughout the entire meet by a score which at times gave the Eivoiters a 13-point edge, three Badger matmen, Hager and Bennet by name, hauled down ten desperately needed points at the very end to even the count.
Co-captain Casey Fredericks started the meet off on the right loot for the host team with a win in the 121-pooud ckkss over Blackmore of the Badgers. Fredericks succeeded in pinning his man in two and a half minutes flat, thus completing his second full year undefeated in dual meet competition, no minor
achievement.
Riveters Lead 13-0 Following this, in the 128 pound division, AHmon of the Riveter squad j^nned Halada, making the score 10-0 with the Badgers on the negligible end of the count. Foster, flghting in the 128 pound class, then added another three points to the home total with a decision over
Beaumet.
In the next two matches, Boilermaker co-captain John PapurcaJost a deeision to Ritz in the 146 pound divisi<m with Bob Britt gaining back the three points with a well fought decision over Busch of the Wisconsin team. It was in the next three matches that Wisconsin gained their 18 points tor tm the meet. Badgers Take Over The 166 pound division saw Hlinka of the Boilermakers drop three points to the Badgers in the form of a decision to Roberts. In the 176 pound and heavyweight classes both Eviston and Ruggieri dropped hard fought matches to Hager and Bennet respectively. Ruggieri dropped his in an overtime which was called because, at the end of the regulation nine minutes, the count was knotted with four points for each
man.
Big Ten Meet Next Next Saturday, at Columbus, 0,, the annual Big Ten Conference meet will be held on the O.S.U. campus. The Riveters in traveling there will be engaging in competition for the last time this year and seniors Papurca and Allmon of the Riveter Squad fight the last time in their college careers. FoUUwing are the individual sta-
tistics:
121 pounds—Fredericks (P) pinned Biack-
naore (W)
128 pounds—Albnon (P) pinned Halada
(W)
136 iKJunds—Foster (P) decisloned Beaumet (W) 146 pounds—Ritz (W) decisioned Papurca (P) 166 pounds—Britt (P) decisioned Busch
(W)
165 pounds—^Roberts (W) decisioned Hlinka (P) 176 pounds—Hager (W) pinned Eviston
(P)
Heavyweight—Bennet (W) pinned Ruggieri (P)
Double Your Money SAVE ON ALL SPORT SUPPLIES
' Dunlop Penn Wright & Ditson Spovilding Tennis Balls
All Kinds of Golf Balls Badminton Birds Bose Bolls Toe and Heel Plates
DEAC’S
*Purdue Males
AreNatSohies*
-MalElward Hitler moved into France because
France, under the Blum regime, had promised everybody everything and that no onq would have to puy for it. Utopia was theirs for the asking. Under this philosophy, French spirit, initiative and ambition declined, the youth of France grew soft from
sitting and dreaming.
American youth is challenged today for, to a certain extent, America has softened listening to the same empty philosophy that no one need worry, your future will be taken
care of.
Work Rewarded
Since the dawn of history, this theory has been and is a lie, and it always will be. No man ever made a success in anything undess he was willin^o work hard, fight hard and think hard to accomplish it. If you like the spirit of competition, if you are a fighter and a thinker, go over to the Fieldhouse and get a football suit from “Sarge” Phillips, not only the fellow who has played the game, but all those who would like to play it.
Arise!
Learn to run hard, tackle hard, block hard, think hard and you will never find yourself in the position the youth of France is in today. All Candidates meet in room 106, at the Fieldhouse Monday, March 3. Let’s go! Spring practice starts
Tuesday at 3:30. —Mai Elward.
By Joseph Patrick Dolan Not that it matters: But there are times in oqr lives when developed habits, quite joyous ones at that, must cease, and with that termination there is associated a lump in one's throat, a tear in the eye and a jealousy for the other fellow who doesn’t have to give up those pleasures—^just yet. I speak on tomorrow night’s game with Northwestern. It’s the last time we members of the class of '41 will gather together in a body to witness a Boilermaker athletic contest. —I-I— We, the class of ’41, have seen a lot of pleasant, hilarious and boisterous hours in the Fieldhouse, haven’t we? Remember the great trio of Sines, Young and Malaska during our freshman year ? And do you remember the first political rally that was held in the Fieldhouse a-way-back in ’37 during the half of the Bradley Tech game ? And can ya ever forget Stubby Meyer, one-man-show-de-lux and ball-o-fire yell leader! —I-I— Watching Purdue basketball, we have seen two championships in our four years here, which ain’t bad in any man’s town. And remember those football games? We saw the great “Cec” Isbell play. There was a guy, playing great ball one minute—the lethargic the next. But remember his performances against Indiana? You know, the time he gathered the ball in a pair of frozen arms in the last minute of the classic down-Bloomington-way during our frosh year and didn’t stop until the referee indicated six points and Purdue’s victory. —I-I— Speaking of the past and giving up what we love reminds us of a great yell leader, a guy who isn’t so spectacular, rather he acts kinda sleepy. He’s our John Zuck, who tomorrow night will lead his last yell for Purdue. I remember John as a
Potent Hoosiers Nearly Unset In 4543 Thriller; Weber Breaks Shot Put Record
By Jim Fraser
The highly touted Indiana track team invaded the Fieldhouse yesterday afternoon and ran into a stubborn band of Riveter tracksters who led them almost throughout the mitiremeet* battled them down the stretch, and made the Hoosiers sweat to the bitter end before sinking to a 43 to 45 defeat. A new team scoring system, much simpler than the old individual point method, k^t the competition close at all times and a partisan of 500 souls in a constant lather. Hoosiers Eat Dust
Riveter victories came in the pole vault, shot put, 60 yard dash, and high and low hdrdles shuttle relays. While the Boilermakers were controlling a majority of the field events which were run off early in the meet, the speedy Hoosiers were piling up points in the distance runs and the relays. The Bloomington boys took blue ribbons in the one and two-mile relays, broad
jump, high jump, and one and two-mile runs. The scoring system was based
strictly upon three-man team entries. The best performing trio in each event took five points for his team’s total while the losers took three points. In the field events, the best performance of each individual competitor was added to the best of his two teammates and the total compared to that of the other team. A Matter of Inches The climax of yesterday’s meet was reached at the close of an Indi-
freshman. Things came the hard way for Johnnie. First of all, he wasn’t the rah-rah type and didn’t receive any encouragement, but he’s a sticker; so tomorrow he leads his last yell as head yell leader. It’s a tough assignment to do the last one, and I know John won’t relish raising his hand for his last one—but we can make him hear it down through his years. —I-I-Thanks, Johnnie. You’ve been great —I-I-Another figure to bow out of the picture tomorrow night will be Captain Bob Igney. Bob hasn’t been allAmeiican material, but he’s the leader type. Have you ever noticed the smile on his face after being thrown to the floor by his larger adversaries? That’s the way he’s played—^for the fun of it, but tomorrow night fun will cease for Mr. Igney, as he does his last assignment. In Bob Igney Purdue loses a real team player—^they are so hard to find these days.
SPECIAL! YOUR CHOICE OF STussy Cleansing Creams .
HINliiriPS CklAM-fSw Ing Mnnl^dd oOa iboroaglfijr ranov* 4iw4 Mil* iii«k»>np...lMvlRg ridn with • npple-niiootfi fading; MMC CUMNUIM CUAM (Cdd-CrMm Typal — ftw aofwuti «ff atffilUlOr Oky •Idm, Fhifiir «• wUppadoMm. Om^hw ddn to look radlanfii' Parfaet for young complwdona; uouirviNe oliansih* caiam—for or oify aldna. Mdn qald^, ^ thoroughly of dogging diC MrplMi oik OdMd powdor. drin look yoatldWB|y Ana; dowy-dafui.
LIMITED TIME ONLY
mil
nOAM$1.75SIZEIMIF-POUNDMR' ■ lEACH
ana victory in the two-mile relay, a victory that made the score 37 to 36 in the Boilermaker’s favor. The only events left were the high jump and the broad jump and a strong Indiana surge gave them firsts in both events. The Riveter trio was nosed out by one inch in the high jiunp and the broad-jumpers were a foot short of victory. The opening event, the shot put, proved to be a bitter duel between Archie Harris, Indiana’s Big Ten crown holder, and equally big Jake Weber, the local powerhouse. Big Jake and Big Archie grunted and heaved eight times and when the results were tabulated, Harris’ 48 ft, 10% inch effort was just six inches better than Weber’s longest toss. The big Boilermaker really cracked his old Fieldhouse record, however, by over two feet; the old mark being 46 feet. Rankin and Neff helped the Riveter cause along by taking third and fourth places. Rankin Leads Hurdlers Some of the busiest men in the meet were Dave Rankin for the Riveters and Roy Cochran and Campbell
Kane for Indiana. Rankin led the hurdle relay teams to vietory by making op five yard defiicHs in both the high and low hurdle races. The 60-yard dash went to Bob Keim, who ran the distance in the very fast time ^ 6.4 seconds. Carter and McAdams gave the Riveters five points when they tied for first place in the pole vault with a mark of 12 feet,
2 inches.
On the Indiana side, Roy Cochran t saw doty in both the mile and two mile relays and showed the speed and form that has made him one of the nation’s outstanding tradonen. Kane anchored the two-mRe rday team, whose victory hoisted the Hoosiers up to within striking dis-
tance of victory. j.d.f.
Complete summary follows: 60 ysrd iaaft—Keiin, P. firs: ; Baachor. P.
second ; jenkiiie, 1, tlUrd; F, fourth.
‘Tine, :6.4.
High hordle sbnttk relay—^Purdue (Stroyeek. ^aant, Kion, RanWa). Aifst, Time, Low hurdle sfauttie relay—Purdue IStroyeck. Dodge, Kron, Rankin), first. Time,
:28.0w
Two mile run—^WIU, I, first; TolHver, 1, second: Broertjes, I, Uiird; Beeves, P, fourth. Time. 9:81.4. Mile relay—Indiana (Barnett, Jenkins, Cochran, Price), first. Time, 3:21.9. Two mile reUty—Indiana (Cochran, Kendall, Hilkert, Kane), first. Time, 7:67.9. Shot put—Harris, I, first; Weber, P, second , Rankin, P, third; Neff, P, fourth. Distance: 48 ft. 10% in. Pole vault—Carter and McAdams, P, and Grimm, I, tied for first; Lovett, P, fourth. Height, 12 ft., 2 in. One mile run—Kane, I, first; Kendal], I, second; Tolliver, I, third; Stanley, P, fourth. Time, 4:26.7. High jump—Mikulas, I, first; McEachem, P, second; Anderson, P, and Johnson, I, tied for fourth. Height, 6 ft, 2 in. Broad jump—Burnett, I, first; Dodge, P, second; Mikulas, I, third; Me^ehem, P, fourth. Distance, 22 ft.
EASTER —APRIL 13 Easter Marks the Beginning of a New Season— A Most Appropriate Time for a New Portrait
SCOBEE^S 105 NORTHWESTERN AVE.
PHONE 2343
Purdue Eds. and Co-Eds know the value of smartness these days. They know^ too, die importapee qf real economy thaPs why they caU 4081 for WEST SIDE Sendee.
Pfiouo 4p81
Fhone 4091
Tho Lowest Prices Quality Permits!\
Hoosiers Take Sweet Revenge (Continued from page 1)
Hoffman broke through for the initial Riveter field counter, and drawing a free throw on the play, added another point to the skimpy Riveter total. Shaeffer, Bill Menke, and McCreary teamed to accent the Hoosier lead, making the score 22-10 before the aggressive Johnny Conrad entered the fray with the same spark that shocked the Hawkeyes last Monday night. Dribbling the full lengrth of the court, Conrad eased one through the nets, and when the ball came back from unsuccessful lU attempts, he again snapped the nets. Blanken and Riley tried long range to advantage to complete the Riveter scoring for the first half, although the Crimson guns scored hits with increasing consistency. Score at the half: Indiana 28; Purdue 17. Captain Bob Igney found a place m the line-up starting the second half. Shortly after Logan hit from the foul circle,. Don Blanken crumpled to the floor, suffering from a recurrence of the Chicago g;ame leg injury—^Hoffman replaced him. The national champs hit three more before Blemker counted twice from the fiee throw line. Conrad started an up-hill fight with a two-point contribution, and was aided by Hoffman and Blemker. Free throws by Kieffer and Conrad lounded out the Boilermaker score, while the Menke brothers and Matter finished the Crimson scoring as the final two minutes were marked by dilly-dallying by substitutes. Final score: Indiana 47, Purdue 29. Summary of the scoring is as follows: PURDUE (29) FG FT PF Hoffman, £ non Sprowl. f 2 n S Fields, f n ? 0 Kiefer, f S J n Sumner, f ? ? i Blanken, c n n n Neutzel. c n S 0 Korshot, c n K a Blemker, g ? n n Riley, g i 9 9 Caress, g Sin Conrad, g 3 4 0
Sunday# March 2# 1941
SxpMuad,
Total INDIANA. (47) Logan, f Shaeffer, f McCreary, f Menke, Bob, f Francis, £ Reiffer, £ Driber, f Menke, Bill, c Denton, c Motter, c Heme, c Dro, g Zimmer, g Swanson, g Torphy. g Gridley, g Huffman, g Forsythe, g Wellman, g Total
7 15 7 FG ft PF 3 0 4 4 0 3 10 3 2 11 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 3 10 0 0 1 0 10 0 0 0 6 0 1 2 0 2 10 1 „ 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
22
3 17
Northwestern Five Ends Riveter Court Season Tomorrow The 1940-’41 basketball season for Piggy Lambert’s unsuccessful title-defenders will bow out of the picture when Dutch Lonberg shows his Northwestern net squad into the Fieldhouse tomorrow night. Starting at 7:30 o’clock, the game will drop the cui tain on a season of comparatively poor success for both teams, each having dropped far below their record of last season. Four Boilermaker seniors will don their suits of Gold and Black for the final time tomorrow night. Captain Bob Igney will handle the field general chores from his starting forward position in his final taste of action after playing in almost 60 contests for Lambert. Eesei’ves Paul Pauline and Red Swartz, though less active this year than during their first two years of varsity ball, will be missed next fall when practice begins. Win Two Though winning only two of their fiist ten conference tilts, the Wildcats have left each of their opponents in a scratched condition. Last Monday night they attacked the inconsistent Wolverines but were flopped on their backs, 45-39. Don McCarnes conducted the Wildcat offensive, scoring nine field goals. Clason and Clawson, forward and center, respectively, usually share the brunt of the offensei with McGarnes. Completing the Wildcat starting line-up, Wendland and Butherus will occupy the two guard posts Frosh Play Dutch Fehring’s frosh squad will stage a curtain raiser at 6 o’clock in the Fieldhouse floor, immediately preceding the Rive ter-Wildcat tussle. The performers in this in-tra-squad contest will be woven into Lambert’s quintet of 1941-’42, and the height and speed possessed by these frosh will be welcomed by the vaTsity coaching staff, i.o.s. \ Sears-Roebuck To Honor Ag Scholarship Holders Sears, Roebuck and company will sponsor its annual banquet holering those University students holding Sears-Roebuck scholarships on Tuesday evening at 6 o’clock in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union.
Union Music Room Will Sponsor New Instrumental Hour An all-student classical music program this afternoon from 4 to 6 o’clock in the Music Room of the Union will Initiate “Instrumental Variety Hour,” a new series of concerts similar to those that became popular last semester. The program will include marimba and piano soloists, a trumpet trio and a string quartet. The quartet, consisting of Vernon Westburg and Phyllis Baker, violinists; Paul Seehausen, cello; and Eugene Kinelski, viola, will offer “My Rosary,” by Nevin, and Saint-Saens’ “My Heart Is Thy Sweet Voice.” Barbara Heide, marimba artist, will present the “Sixth Hungarian Rhapsody” and selections from Chopin and Debussy. Pianist Angelo Castellan! will >play Clark’s “Flirtations.” Robert Bond, Merle Anderson and Don Frier, the tiumpet trio, will play “Gardas” and “Indian Love Song.” r.r.r. Co-eds Bowl In Final League Games At 3 Kappa Kappa Gamma and Wards I, II, and III will vie for honors in the finals of the co-ed all-campus bowling league tournament to be held this afternoon at 3 o’clock in the Union bowling alleys. In the semi-finals held last Tuesday four teams matched skills foi eligibility to the finals. Wards I, II, and III played WRH North IV, with the wards victorious. 113 South Street Co-opeiative house lost to Kappa Kappa Gamma in its game. High scoreis for these games were Nancy Cooper, Maiy Faustich, of Wards I, II, III, Jane Thomas, lepresenting Kappa Kappa Gamma, and Sara Giaham, of 113 South Street. Two trophies will be presented to the winners. One of these, awarded by WAA, will be presented following today’s game, and the other, to be piesented by the Student Union, will be given the winning team at some later date. Scores will be based on the total number of pins each team member has accumulated during the bowling of two games. This tournament, being sponsored by the Student Union and WAA, is in charge of Katherine Murphy. Twenty-seven teams conipeted in the event, d.s.
A reporter estimates Dartmouth pin-ball players shoot 6,000,000 balls a year.
You Will Fit into the Easter Picture with Smartness and Snap ... in Sanitone Cleaned Garments. Phone Today for Pick-Up!
Ji)!? American Laundry 30S5
Lose Something? \ Find It by Rimning a Classified Advertisement in the Purdue Exponent Minimum Charge 25e Phone 5038 Phone 5038
Riveter Tankmen Top Indiana 50-34; Carney Tallies Fifteen Points In all the Hoosier-Riveter athletic feudin’ which has raged at a white heat this past week-end it seems that only the Boilermaker swimming squad has been able to garner a victory. Yesterday afternoon the team took on the best Indiana had to offer, at Bloomington, too, and barely missed duplicating the score of 52-32 made here last Wednesday against the same squad. The score was 50-34, which just goes to show that swimming in a different pool does have its disadvantages. Carney Takes 15 Points High-point man for the Boilermakers was Jack Carney with a total of 16 points gained by virtue of wins in three different events, which included everything he entered. The meet stai-ted off with a wit for the Boilermakers in the medley relay. Following this, Carney and Siler copped first and second places respectively, in the 220-yard free style event. Then, however, in the 60-yard free style Beneditti of Indiana nosed out Herr of the Riveter squad. Fancy Diving Close The fancy diving events weie so close as to be almost heart-breaking for the Boilermakers. Hoosier Steffy with a total score of 96.9 nosed out Farkas by an almost infinitesimal two-tenths of a point. All of the remaining events, with the exception of the 150-yaid backstroke, won by Beneditti again, were Riveter victories. After the Boilermakers had led all of the way, the scoie stood at the finish, 50-34. j.s.k. Summary of the meet follows 264-yai<J medley relay—Purdue (McCredy, Williamson, Kratzer), first Time, 2 58 4 220-yard free style—Oarney, P, first Siler, P, second, Van Duren I, third Time 2 28 7 60-yard free style—Beneditti I first Herr, P second, Pfrommer, I, third Time, 29 8 Fancy diving—Steffy, I first, Fatkas, P, second, Hall, I, third 100-yard free style—Carney, P first Kratzei, P, second, Pakucko, I, third Time, 56 9 150-yard back stroke—Beneditti, I, first Andersen, P, second, Boaz, I, third Time, 1 48 5 200-yard breast stroke—Williamson, P, first, Kalfs, I, second, Franklin, I, third Time, 2 37 4 440-yard free style—Cainey, P, first. Van Duren, I, second, Horn, P, third Time, 6 33 1 362-yard relay—Purdue (Herr, Branner, Slier, Kratzer), first Time, 3 17 1 250 Couples ,.. swayed to the music of Micky Isley’s band at the regular Union mixer last night in the north ballroom.
It's coming! It's in everything you see on shelves and counters in all the shops . . . Spring, I me'an. Now that the shops are full of spring merchandise and our thoughts are on that new spring outfit, I'll be with you every week to report on fashion’s newest whims and novelties and to pass on to you other items of interest that I pick up while “scouting the shops".
Here’d something to give those tired feet a lift... clever new beige
kid spectators with navy trim, or, if you prefer, plain navy pumps in all styles
and heel heights.
rSmiPP They’re waiting for you at Smith’s. If you’re in the mood for school or play shoes, then try on Smith’s saddle tan loafers, or hand-made foot saddle sandles, featured in Vogue and Mademois-
elle this month.
— S —
Yes, the girls are going for the
Sally Rand recently lectured a student group at the University of Minnesota on “The Value of White Space in Advertising.”
Basketball Scores College Scores Wisconsin 42; Minnesota 32 Ohio State 45; Michigan 37 Northwestern 45; Iowa 36 Illinois 52; Chicago 33 Michigan State 44; Notre Dame 3^ Detroit 36; Marquette 33 Iowa State 35; Kansas State 33 Kansas 55; Nebraska 53 Penn State 36; Pittsburgh 21 High School Scores Jefferson (Lafayette) 33; West Point 22 Jackson Twp. 29; Frankfort 27 (Double overtime).
British Spokesmen (Continued from page 1)
fiantically to get the answers to all these questions but still are completely in the dark. All they know is that the army of Britain's Middle Easteni commander in chief, Sir Archibald Wavell, is once again ready to strike somewhere and strike hard. If, as is reported, the Germans have only 16 divisions, including one armored and two mobile, in Rumania, and Gen. Wavell does go to Salonika, then it is conceivable that the Germans might meet the first big repulse of the present war. The Balkan front has always attracted British military leaders and, if Germany really does march through Bulgaria, it is very possible that the British Army will be ready to meet them.
the Purdue Exponent Service i Directory
• Professional
e School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK OR LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Sta Phona 5710
DEACS ' Everything for a College Education
e Shoe Repair
Complete Student Supplies SOUTHWORTH'S
BOSSUNG SHOE REBUILDING Phone 2240 221 State
e Photographers
Complete Une of (areeting Cerds Univertity Book Stora M. C. "Red"' Sammone '2f R.W,"Ooc"Epple'dO
Cameras and Supplies Picture Framing HINEA PHOTOGRAPHER 634 Main St. Phone 7775
e Locksmith
• Hardware
Keys and Locks k>d». night litclwa andi^lodu. Auto keys a apedalty. Bicydaa, acceasories and rearing. MULHAUPrs nn-ii N.9ii<K. numuat
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Quality Mdse.—Lower PricM If It's Hardware We Heve It Phone 4354 We Oeliyer
e Dairy Products M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUAUTY MMX Phene 4«2I4
navy again,4and sailor suite are back r* once more. You’ll want
a navy coat or suit to wear with those pumps .vwheri you see the many striking ensembles at Adler’s. The coats are fitted or swaggrer styles for the most part, with white or red accents in
the form of buttons, stars, or eagle insignia. One particularly good looking outfit at Adler’s consists of a fitted sailor suit with a swagger
coat lined in bright red.
— S —
Now that I’ve mentioned the navy it just wouldn’t be right not to say something about the army or the air corp. At Lodde’s I saw some verytimely identification bracelets for men going into army or air corp service. They come in gold and silver and have the army or air corp insignia across one side. To match them, Lodde’s is also showing Ronson cigarette cases and lighters.
— S —
Plains and plaids are still good fashion news! At Alan’s I saw them made up in pastel shades in camel's hair and basket weave cloth. The featured suits art Alan’s are the Kerry Cricket's, a leading style in co-ed suits. They show many torso length jackets and which you’ll love, I’m sure. Be sure to see them soon.
— S —
Do any of your friends have birthdays coming along soon, or are they sick, or going away, or planning weddings . . . No, I’m not getting personal or prying into your private affairs; I just want to remind you that the University Book Store has a large and varied assortment of cards for all occassions. So, don’t forget those special events that are coming up and be sure to send a card from the University Book Store.
— S —
It’s not too early to think of that Easter gift for your family or your one-and-only, and I can think of no gift that would be more appreciated than an Olan Mills portrait of yourself, The unique air-brushed background featured at this studio adds the personal touch to a truly lifelike portrait. So, don’t put it off . . . make an appointment with the Olan Mills studio today.
— S —
Pastels seem to crop up in spring just like spring flowers. If you want a cheery lift on one of these still-dreary days, go down tol Loeb’s and see their i lovely sweater and' skirt combinations. One of the best looking outfits comes in such delectable colors as Amazon blue, Aztec pink, Casha beige, and Seafoam gnreen. The gored sjeirt -with front and back kick-pleats is made of herringbone weave flannel, as is the front of the sweater. The back and short sleeves of this jacket-like sweater are knit and a knit trimming is appliqued down the front. I’m sure you’ll love it, so be sure to mark down Loeb’s sportswear department on your shopping calendar.
— S —
Surely you all remember that old quotation about “in the spring a young man’s fancy ...” Well, fellows, one of the nicest things you can do for that girl friend of your is take her to dinner in the Chestnut Room of the Union. The delicious meals are prepared in an all stainless-steel kitchen with entirely electric equipment. These is even an electric broiler that broils a steak in two minutes; a specialty is the sizzling steak platter, with french fries and lettuce salad. The hours and prices of the Chestnut Room are posted in the Union . . . so, why not take HER to the Chestnut Rwm this Sunday.