■•,1 zM S'f}
?(<■' S*''» -gri
Badsefs ITin Overtime Battle, 32-30
Purdue Exponent
Z.185
SUNDAY
February 19,1939
Lafayette, Indiana
VoL 50
No. 118
News Week
the
Associate Justice Brandeis Resigns From Supreme Court Bench. Illinois University Trustees Open Quiz On Vice Conditions. Millions Pay Homage In Last Rites For Pope Pius XI. Lameness Dims Seabiscuit's Chances At Santa Anita Handicap. Spanish Insurgents March On Last Government Stronghold. Financial Circles Cheer As Steel Reaches New Peak. 'WASHINGTON Resignation . . . ... again brought the Supreme court into Washington limelight this week as Associate Justice Louis D. Brandeis, 82, gave up his robe. Under act of March 1, 1937, enabling Federal pudges over 70 with record of 10 years service to retire, he will now take it easy on 20 thousand annually. Thus FDR will have a fourth chance to make an appointment to the high tribunal. Already since his plan to revamp the court 'was defeated, FDR has appointed Hugo Black, Stanley Reed, and Felix Frankfurter. ■■
FDR Overrode Protests . . . ... of General Malin Craig, army chief of staff, concerning the sales of American warplanes abroad, according to revelations made by the Senate Military Affairs committee this week. Craig held, it was reported, that such sales might interfere with the army’s keeping up with the new national program for air power expansion. It might, he hinted, deprive the army entirely of Douglass light bombers. As the investigations of the committee proceeded, France boosted her plane orders with an addition of 416 Martin, 200 North American, and 100 Douglass bombers. Further inquiries by the military affairs committee were being carried on under the usual shroud of secrecy. Promises to make records of proceedings public were given reporters. ^ Armament Finances ... . . . received an approval by the house late this week. A 356 million dollar part of the administration’s new rearmament fund was approved by the legislative body after a hot peace discussion. This appropriation will go toward 3,060 warplanes (to be built within two years), strengthening of defenses of the Panama canal, increase enlistment of air corps by 24,000 men, add 2,060 officers to the army, and enable the army to buy 23 million, 760 thousand dollars of war material from American industry to get the manufacturers into the swing of producing such goods. The bill will now go before the Senate. FDR Fights Grippe... . . . this week, as he leaves for the naval games being held in the Caribbean the last of this month. Though he has remained in bed most of this week, he left Thursday for Key West to board the cruiser Houston. Salt air and southern sunlight are
prescribed by Presidential Dr. Ross T. Mclntire. , I 11 FDR Appointments . . . ... to aviation and maritime boards were o. k.’d by the Senate commerce committee this week, soon after a “get acquainted” session with the . appointees. ^ In these appointments, FDR named men to six 12 thousand dollar Civil Aeronautics Authority jobs and three 10 thousand dollar places on the Maritime Labor Board. On Leaving... . . . Roosevelt called upon Congress to evolve “a national energy resources policy” desifined to curtail extravagant waste of America’s resources in the interests of national defense. NATIONAL Illinois University . , . . . . trustees met in Chicago yesterday to play their own campaign against vice conditions; a campaign growing out of the fatal shooting of William Spurrier, sophomore from Toledo, Ohio, by the colored keeper of an alleged resort house near the university campus. President of the university Arthur Cutts Willard, who is attending the meeting in Chicago, issued the following statement, “While the University is profoundly shocked by the recent tragedy resulting in the death of a student, shot near a notorious resort in Champaign, while the university administration does not condone the action of the students involved, it places the responsibility for the existing conditions upon the Champaign city administration.” Spurrier’s death was the climax of an evening of drinking, an evening which ended when the party of students tried to gain admittance to the rooming house. Refused admittance, one of the party threw a beer bottle through the window, inciting the pistol fire of the negro proprie(Continued on page 2)
Mann Talks Today At Religious Convo President Edward C. Elliott To Introduce Speaker; Doors Will Open At 10 O'clock “Civilization at the Crossroads” will be the subject of Dr. Louis Mann, rabbi of the Cinai Congregation in Chicago, speaker at the regular monthly Convocation for Worship this morning at 10:30 in Eliza Fowler Hall. Making his first appearance before the University student body since returning from the Philippines, President Edward C. Elliott will introduce the speaker. ■ ■ '
Quintet Will Play Schubert's Works In Program Today
A native of Louisville, Ky., Dr. Mann received his bachelors and masters degrees from the University of Cincinnati. He also holds a Ph. D. degree from Yale and B. H. L. from Hebrew Union college. He has been a rabbi for the past 26 years. At present Dr. Mann is connected with the University of Chicago in the capacity of professor of Oriental languages. First Appearance An author of note, he writes for religious and literary journals. He is a contributing editor to “Unity,” and a member of the board of trustees of the Jewish Publication SoDoors of Eliza Fowler Hall will not open until 10 o’clock this morning because of choir practice, according to Dr. Laurence Hadley, chairman of the religious convoca-
tion committee.
ciety of America. This will be his first appearance at the University. Musical background for the convocation program will be furnished by antiphonal singing between the University Choir on the stage and the Concert Choir in the balcony. The first anthem, “Fear Not Ye, 0 Israel,” will feature two soloists, Marvin Smith, baritone, and Wallace Woodrow, baritone. In the second, “Holy is the Lord Our God,” the main choir on the stage will chord while the group in the balcony will carry the melody. Forestry Magazine Will Appear Soon Second issue of the Forestry Club’s alumni news magazine, “Purdue Oak Leaves,” will be off the presses soon, according to T. B. Glazebrook, club president. The publication, which contains alumni news and campus subjects, will explain in detail the forthcoming Junior Forester Civil Service
Examination.
This afternoon’s music room program will present music of the romantic period, played by a string ensemble composed of Mrs. C. Haven Smalley and Miss Ruth Jamison, piano; Miss Thelma Tharsher, violin; Marshall Howenstein, cello; Robert Phillips, double bass; and K. Lark-Horovitz, viola. The program will be held in the Union music room starting at 4 o’clock. The program is as follows:
Quartet Number HI by F. Mendelssohn, for violin, viola, cello, and piano. Miss Ruth Jamison at the piano. Allegro Molto. Andante. Allegro Molto. / Finale (Allegro Vivace),
Students Favor Sex Education Courses
By Joe Belden, Editor (Student Opinion Survey America) Austin, Tex., February 18.—Sex education should no longer be a matter to be whispered about, a large majority of American college students believe. In fact, almost 62 per cent of them fhvor making courses on the principles of sex compulsory, a nationwide study by the Student Opinion Surveys of America shows. In a summary, comments from collegians everywhere sounded like this: “We have been prudish about this matter too long. Authoritative information has either been hidden or prohibited from young people.” Time To Change Time has begun to change this attitude, it would appear, for many colleges are now offering marriage courses. Students regard this an important part of their education when
they say they believe such instruction should even be made obligatory. Interviewers have asked this question to a scientifically-defined cross-section from coast to coast: “Should sex education courses in colleges be made compulsory?” YES, say 61.9 percent NO, say 88.1 percent Of the schools where the survey was held, only about 10 per cent had required courses. Perhaps of some significance is the fact that the poll shows women in the South and West less in favor of the idea than women elsewhere in the nation. Men agree pretty well everywhere. Divided Opinions Speaking for the majority, a North Dakota State Teachers’ College junior said, “Sex education should have begun back in high school—during adolescence.” Some believe upperclassmen only should
receive instruction. A Baylor University medical student would include personal hygiene and causes and results of venereal disease. However, there are many who believe all sex matters should be left to the parents, and a Northwestern co-ed declares, “You should .go to your doctor for that information.” In some colleges, students say that there is not enough room in the courses offered. Others favor voluntary courses only. In America the movement toward mox-e sex education was begun in 1910 imder the leadership of Dr. Prince A. Morrow. Sex education in its largest sense has been defined as that including scientific, social, ethical, and religious instruction and influence that may in some way directly or indirectly, help young people to solve the sex problems that will inevitably be encountered by every normal person.
igney Scores 16 Points As Riveters Drop Third Tilt Madison, Wis., Feb. 18—Special—^Players call them, coaches call them, writers call them, and fans call them, but they all Aiissed this one. The Wisconsin Badgers upset the Boilermakers here tonight, 32-30, in one of the fastest, roughest games of the year, repeatedly returning from lapses of scoring punch to step ahead of the visitors just in time. The game was the third loss of the season for Purdue and the third victory for Foster’s sur- '■ —— prising Badger outfit.
Managerial Pefifions For All-Campus Show DueTomorrow-Ellioft
—n—
The Trout Song by r'. Schubert. Sung by Mrs. H. M. James, Mrs. C. Haven Smalley at the piano.
-Ill-
Trout Quintet for piano, violin, viola, cello, and double bass. Mrs. Smalley at the piano. Allegro Vivace. Andante. Scherzo-presto. Andantino (Variations). Finale—Allegro ginto. Playshop Officers Edit Revisions For Staff Constitutions Playshop officials yesterday announced a revised constitution that will govern the players’ social organization, apart from the technical staffs. Mimeograiffied copies will be available in the Fowler Hall office this week any day from 4 to 6 p. m., president Fred Ahrens stated. Most important revision in the players’ constitution deals with a change in hours required for recognition. One hundred and fifty participation hours will be required for classification as a senior member. Fifty hours will be required of an apprentice member, not more than 30 of which may be acquired as a member of any play cast, including Playshop, Radio Stage, and Laboratory Group. A new constitution for technical staffs has also been prepared, and will be included with the players’ constitution. Members of Playshop players’ group will have no voice in the adoption of this particular constitution, it will be included only to show the difference between production and social organizations of Plajrshop. Playshop President Fred Ahrens urges all organization members to secure their constitution copies as soon as possible.
Petitions for managerial positions in this year’s All-Campus Musical Show must be turned in at the Senate box at the east Union desk before 4 p. m. tomorrow, according to C. G. Elliott, chairman of the elec-
toral board.
The electoral board, composed of representatives from the Student Senate, Playshop, campus musical organizations, and the University Dramatics Committee will have charge of the production until such time as the active management of the production will be turned over to the new officers. Positions Open The following positions are open to all, subject to usual University restrictions on eligibility: dance director, rehearsal assistant for voices, rehearsal assistant for cast prompter, librarian for vocal music, business manager, ticket and sales manager, house manager, press assistant, stage manager, assistant stage manager, master carpenter, master electrician, property man, wardrobe mistress, scenic artist, and makeup artist. The electoral board will intei'view and choose each of the above officers from those who petition. The board will inform the managers of their duties. Petitioners need not have had previous experience in other campus musical and dramatic organizations to qualify for managerial positions, Elliott stated. The cast for the show will be selected after the managerial positions have been filled.
Little Bob Igney, who was sent into the game with eight minutes left to play in the first half, not only replaced his bigger teammate, Weber, but entirely eclipsed the hefty center by flipping five shots through the hoop in as many minutes to keep the Boilermakers in the ball game. At the end of the first half Bob had 10 of the visitors’ 16 points. Only two Badgers had connected with
'The Threat... ... To Our Democracy” will be discussed by Professor Murphy at the Delta Rho Kappa meeting on Tuesday evening, at 7:30 in the Old Chestnut Room of the Union. Professor Murphy of the history and economics department, will tell of the possible threats to our American democracy in his talk before the members of the science honorary. Charles Grannon is in charge of the meeting.
Indiana 44, Northwestern 37 Ohio State 53, Iowa 40. Michigan 33, Chicago 29 field goals in the first period, but they had made seven free throws. Igney continued to carry the mail for the Boilermakers in the second half, adding five points to the Gold and Black total and winding up with over half his team’s points by finishing it up with another charity (Continued on page 4) Dr. Hadley Will Open Religious Emphasis Week Dr. Laurence Hadley, of the University mathematics department, will open the Religious Emphasis Week, to be held here this week, February 19 to 26, sponsored jointly by the Wesley Foundation and the University Methodist students. It will be the first such week held here, although they are held at a great many of the nation’s universities. Two former Wesley Foundation men will be speakers during the week. Meetings will be held in the West Lafayette Methodist Church, starting at 7 o’clock. They will conclude by 8 o’clock. “The Art of Living” Dr. Hadley will be the speaker this evening. His subject vrill be “The Art of Living.” Tomorrow night Dr. Fremont Fribley, of Fort Wayne and director of the Univei> sity Wesley Foundation in 1918 and 1919, will speak on “Christianity, A Man’s Religion.” Rev. Merrill McFall of Crown Point and chairman of the Battle Ground Religious Institute, will (Continued on page 4)
Johnston^ Hockema Will Talk At Activity Meeting T. R. Johnston, director of the University Publicity Bureau, will be in charge of the activities mass meeting tomorrow afternoon in Eliza Fowler Hall at 4 o’clock. The meeting is especially open to the freshmen who, having a scholastic average of 3.5 or better for the first semester, are interested in campus activities.
Professor Frank Hockema, assistant to the President, will speak on the importance of studies along with activities. Several representatives of campus activities will be on hand to give brief summaries of what his activity does and how freshmen should go ahout getting into that activity. Student Speakers The student speakers will be Fred Winter, Debris; Harris Stanback, Exponent; Paul Worcester, music organizations; Fred Ahrens, theatrical organizations; Kenneth Mulholland, forensic organizations; Bob Heine, WBAA; Mary Alice Learning, WSGA; Ted Cabonargi, Student Union; and Leon Jacobson, Activities Bureau. Freshmen are urged to attend the meeting even though they are certain of the activity they are interested in entering. The Activities Bureau is sponsoring the meeting.
WInferrowd Book Committee Moves Deadline To Mar. 4 To the two seniors, who, during their four year course here, have collected the best library, will go the William H. Winterrowd awards of $100 and $36. Entrants should submit their book lists to the chairman of the committee. Dr. H. L. Creek, by Saturday, March 4. 'Phe previous date, March 1, has been extended three days. The final decision will not be based on the size nor the cost of the collection, but rather the collectors knowledge of the collection. The committee in charge is o<HRaposed of R. G. Dukes, P. R. and H. L. Creek, chairman.f
mm
'^-f/l-J^ ^‘‘'rji''
Fif’
pp»HW¥iiPpHiBinii \T I,:
^dibfuaL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
J’iuxJtwuUL
Sunday. February 19.1939
(Ck>ntinued from page 1) tor, Mrs. Margaret Strothers. Spurrier was wounded as he ran away, and died Friday morning after several blood transfusions had been made in a vain attempt to save his life. Golden Gate . . . .. . International Exposition opened its gates yesterday on Treasure Island in a fanfare of ceremonies. < Flanked by a quarter of a million persons. Gov. Culbert Olson unlocked a replica of the $60,000,000 fair’s gates with a $35,000 jewel studded key. Later in the afternoon, President Roosevelt extended his best wishes by radio from the cruiser Houston, now off the coast of Florida. The ceremonies mark the opening of the West’s world fair, and the construction of two of the world’s largest bridges — the $65,000,000 San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge and the $35,000,000 Golden Gate Bridge. During the fair’s 288 days, an anticipated attendance of 22 million will view of the colorful Elephant Towers, Tower of the Sun, Court of the Seven Seas, and other exposition buildings. Dr. Eduard Benes . . . . . . foimer president of Czecho-Slo-vakia, made his first public appearance Friday night before 2,00 persons at the Civic Opera House in Chicago. Presenting an optimistic view of the immediate future m Europe, Benes discussed Europe’s problems as a struggle for the democratic ideal, a struggle which can have but one ending—^war. Dr. Benes will begin a senes of ten lectures on the history and science of demociacy, acting as a visiting professor at the University of Chicago under the Charles Walgreen foundation foi the study of democratic institutions. FOREIGN Paying Homage ... ... to Pope Pius XI, millions of people from all parts of the world visited the Chapel of the Blessed Sacrament of St. Peter’s cathedral in the Vatican City where the Holy Father’s body lay m state for three and a half days before burial in the catherdal’s crypt Tuesday. With an elaborate ceremony attended by only high officials of church and state, the Pope was buried in a crypt beside that of his predecessors, Benedict XV and Pius X. Successor to Pope Pius XI will be elected at a world conclave of the sacred college of cardinals to convene in the Vatican City the evening of February 28. Voting will begin on the 29th. Because of a new ruling which delays the conclave, American cardinals will vote for the first time in history. v Germany’s Field Marshal... . . . Hermann Wilhelm Goering this week empowered the federal labor office and subdepartments to draft
any worker needed to perform urgent tasks of importance to the state’s welfare. Any German may be drafted and must be given a leave of absence by his employer immediately. Syria’s Cabinet . . . . . . resigned yesterday following a rejection by France of a Syrian request for immediate control of key state services. Syria, a Frenchmandate, desires greater independence; but France wants to continue her control of this strategic area at the eastern end of the Mediterranean becaues of international developments. Premier Bela Imredi... ... of Hungary resigned this week because opposition by parliamentary officials to his broad proposals regulating Jews, and then startled his party members by announcing that he himself was partly Jewish. “I held, and still hold, that legislation for the regulation of Jewish participation in economic and cultural affairs of the country is a good thing for our fatherland,” said Imredi. A whispering campaign caused the premier to study his family tree, and he discovered that his great grandfather had been born Jewish but baptised in 1814. In resigning, he said: “It is inconsistent that under such circumstances I should be identified with such legislation.” SPORTS Whether Seabiscuit... . . . had ended his brilliant racing career remained unanswered and extremely doubtful yestei day after the champion of the American turf had pulled up lame last Wednesday. Tired, sleep-needing Charles S-. Howard, Seabiscuit’s owner, clung grimly to hopes that his thoroughbred star again would carry the Howard silks into battle, that Sea Biscuit would answer the bugle call for his third crack at the $100,000 Santa Anita on March 4. Others were not so hopeful. They feared the ankle that went bad in Biscuit’s lace last Wednesday was a fatal blow to Howard’s dream of victory in the “hundred-grander” — victory that would make the Biscuit the biggest all-time money winner in turf history. Most Famed Ski Teacher . . . ... in the world is Austrian Kannes Schneider, 48, who, more than any other person, is responsible for skiing’s world-wide boom. Last March, when Germany annexed Austria, the Nazis appropriated the Arlberg skiing school, which Schneider founded, deposed Skimeister Schneider (a Catholic), held him in custody for an undisclosed reason. Eager to rescue him were ski enthusiasts of every other country. Last week, after months of negotiations by Manhattan Banker Harvey D. Gibson, big, handsome Kan-
STEP THIS WAY FOR HILARIOUS HULA HAPPINESS!
ELEANOR ROPERT POWEll YOUNG GEORRE GRACH BURNS JILLEN
TODAY
nes arrived in the U. S. to establish his school at North Conway, N. H. No less pleased than Bapker Gibson, who hopes to make North Conway (his birthplace) the Arlberg of the U. S., were thousands of ski en-^ thusiasts who yearn for the day when their compatriots will make creditable showings in international skiing contests. WAR “Forward March” ... , ... commanded officers of insurgent Spain’s army in Catalonia this week, and seven crack corps moved toward central Spain headed for an assault on last government stronghold, the Madrid-Valencia area. Central insurgent and Loyalist armies are now about equal in strength; additional forces will tip the scales heavily in rebel Gen. Franco’s favor. Insurgent" attack may be directed against Valencia, rather than against Madrid’s imposing fortresses. Shells Pounded . . . ... into Madrid last week, fired from big rebel guns in an attempt to demoralize civilian population. Greatest casualties occurred Sunday, when 16 were killed and 23 wounded. Meanwhile, rebel bombers resumed heavy attacks on Valencia and Alicante, two of three ports remaining in Loyalist hands. England and France ... . . . hopefully hastened to appease Franco last weeV with “recognition”. On Thursday British diplomats accorded Franco recognition de facto (in fact), decided to ward de juie (legal) recognition after legal difficulties are worked out. Special French envoys to insurgents have been making overtuies to Franco. Diplomatic background for hurlied action; Fiench and British authorities probably believe that with lecognition they may wean Fianco from Geiman-Italian allies who gave him victory. U. S. government and diplomatic officials contemplate no change in Amei lean i elations with France until the situation becomes “clarified.” Japan Stepped South — . . . last week while the world watched Spain’s crisis and occupied Hainan, China’s 13,500 square-mile island at the front door of French lod-China. Last October Japan took advantage of post-Munich demoralization to quietly seize Canton at the back door of British Honk-Kong. Again last week she kicked democracies in the pants while they worTied about troubles elsewhere. Overnight a Japanese expeditionary force sailed down the China sea, landed and occupied Hainan in spite of a 32-year old treaty with France and last year’s warnings from France and Bi’itain.
BUSINESS Continued Recovery ... .. cheered financial circles this week as “demand” again stepped out in front of immediate “supply.” Among signs of souped-up business activity was word that steel operations reached a 1939 high of 63.4% of capacity. Even though 1939 is in its second month, this word, along with the fact that U. S. Steel’s January shipments were largest in 16 months, set a thrill through the spine of the nation’s business. On The Heels ... ... of steel’s spending spree came new railroad plans. Union Pacific announced a $16,000,000 expansion program to include new rails, box cars, locomotives, and some remodeling of present rolling stock. Missouri Pacific put in an order for $1,500,000 worth of new rails, only slightly under the entire amount spent by that firm throughout the whole of 1938. Television Took a Look .. . . . . around that crowded proverbial corner this week. If RCA, Philco, and Zenith still hope to get the lion’s share of television coin, they must get their standardization difficulties ironed out and get into production before Farnsworth gets the jump on them. This week Philo Taylor Farnsworth, who at 16 hit upon the idea of which now forms the basic element in television communication, opened a corporation of his own to be called Farnsworth Television and Radio Corporation. While the infant in the television industry can not hold a candle to its competitors as to size and financial reserve, it will be a double threat to the industry because Farnsworth holds patents that rival even RCA’s in number. No television transmitter or receiver can be manufactured in this country without using one or nTore of his patents. Foundation To Roller Skate Friday Night Roller skating is one of the events planned for the February party of the Christian Foundation at 8 p. m. Friday. Tickets covering transportation and skating privileges at the Maple Point rink are 25 cents each. Refreshments will be served at the Christian Church, at the corner of North and Sixth streets, before leaving for the rink. Tickets are now on sale and may be obtained from Hal Cripe, Bob McColly, Henry Mangus, and Virginia Wainright.
STARTS TODAY
Bold ana Black
HELP WANTED—Any self-con-trolled young man wishing to assist Doc Miller in vaccinating the inmates of WRH apply at my office. —BUTCH. Joe Scrammerhorn came to Purdue to get a varied education. The variety is supplied by Mildred Harper of the frosh debate team. Take a stroll through the Sweet Shop any afternoon and check up on BOB McCAFPERY. Although BOB came back to school this semester after being out for some time, he does not seem to have lost his technique for picking women. Retiring and hard to catch AL SUSIE has finally bumped up against something hard to handle. AL usually spends his evenings in the Chem Lab, but now he has takup research in Applied Design with VIOLET GRUENWALD. We noticed PAT POTTER being escorted around the Union radio dance Friday night by HERB FISHBURN . . . Hope everything was on the up and up, but where was BOB SCHLENDORF? Speaking of the radio dance, we never thought any Purdue Eds would get so hard up for dates that they would have to dance with each' other. The boys were doing OK, but perhaps they could have gotten a co-ed date if they had tried a month or so ago. This next is pretty sour, but it’s the best we could do for a Sunday morning, I thawt to myself as I used the soap By the beam of the bathroom lite I bet it smells sweeter than it tastes So I tasted it, and I was rite. Things seem to be working out to perfection. When the Army takes over the Airport, the weather gets
Hedy Lamarr has been nominated for freshman class president at the University of Dartmouth.
kiAlfi
Today Thru Wednesday DOUBLE FEATURE
Thmy^n Bmk Together Again ... The World's gay dancing swoothearts in the greatest of all their shows!
PLUS
Devil-May-Care Soldiers Of Fortune Hell-Bent For Dangerous Adventure! "STORM OVER BENGAL" with RICHARD CROMWELL ROCHELLE HUDSON EXTRA! "MARCH OF TIME" "REFUGEE OF TODAY" A Daring Naxi Film Document
nice so we can make our way out to Happy Hollow without getting laiee deep in mud. SCOTCH! (not double) Since HA LLOWNIE has hung a bracelet with EIGHT honorary keys on BARBARA LOMMEN, the boys can’t figure out why he still won’t give up seegars . . . Maybe you’re waiting till after Women’s Pan .. . huh, chum?? AGAIN? Ferdinand • the Bull CLARK has gone back to his grazing grounds .. due to the influence of AMY RODEFELD ... it takes a wench to make a man out of a mouse! Pistol Team Will Fire Fitly Matches This Year Under the guidance of Capt, E. V. Holmes, the Purdue Pistol team went through a tough schedule last year without a single defeat. With this season’s first match close at hand, the team is practicing nightly in an effort to repeat this performance. The Tank School at Fort Benning, Ga., will play host to the boys when they fire next week in a telegraphic meet. The team is competing in four NRA postal matches which are already in progress. Intercollegiate matches will start March 5. Fifty meets have been scheduled affording plenty of chance for the enjoyment of this sport. The Chief of Field Artillery Match is the ultimate goal of the team.
ARC
TODAY-TOMORROW
with TYRONC ALICI DON POWER -FAYE-AMECHE and ETHEL MERMAN - JACK HALEY —-and-—
ALSO SHORT SUBJECT
A STORX^OR US ALL ^rfA BICTURE THAT WINS YOU TO ITS JOYOUS MOODl
with CHARLES FARRELL JOAN DAVIS AMANDA DUFF BERT LAHR BILL ROBINSON franklin PAN6BORN CORA WITHERSPOON BENNIE BARTLETT TODAY - MON.
LUMA
ifSunday# February 19,1939
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
Matmen Tie Armour Tech After Losing To Chicago Led by Allman, fighting 128 pound grappler, Purdue’s touring wrestling squad fought Armour Tech wrestlers to a tie yesterday after losing to Chicago by a close score in their meet Friday. Allman paced the Boilermakers by scoring two falls over his northern opponents. ■"
Both Berkheiser and Rossi garnered two victories in their dnal contests while Post remained undefeated with a record of one victory and one draw. Tyrell, Riveter 165 pound man, won one match against Armour Tech but lost to Chicago. Toth and Linderman lost both their traveling matches. Coach Reeck reorganized the entire team for the Armour match, using Huston in place of Papurca. The final score for the Chicago tilt Friday, was 16-14 in favor of the Maroons; the Armour score was a tie 19 1-2 to 19 1-2, Saturday afternoon. Summaries of the matches are: At Chicago Friday—Chicago 16, Purdue 14. 121 pound class—Berkheiser (P) won by decision over Young (C). 128 pound class—Allman (P) won by fall over Parmalee (C). / 36 pound class—Loeb (C) won decision over Linderman (P). 145 pound class—Thornes (C) won by decision over Papurca (P). 166 pound class—Littleford (C) won by fall over Tyrell (P). 166 pound class—^P6st (P) won by decision over Butler (C). 176 pound class—^Valorz (C) won by fall over Toth (P). Heavyweight—Rossi (P) won by decision over Brown (C). At Armour Tech Saturday—Purdue 19 1-2, Armour Tech 19 1-2. 121 pound class—Berkheiser (P) won by fall over Hill (A). 128 pound class—^Allman (P) won by fall over Wagofler (A). 136 pound class—Rupeck (A) decisioned Linderman (P).
RELAX AND ENJOY Your noon hour can. be a space in which you can relax from the nervous strain of an average school day. Or you can hastily gulp down food of insufficient nutritive value. Time is saved by the two fast-moving lines of the UNION CAFETERIA and you can relax in the pleasant and spacious dining room. JhiL fiwtdusL TfhumfdcdL TAnlmL The Corner of the Campus — Yet the Center of Activities
Van De Water Paces Chicago To 46-38 Win Over Boilermaker Swimming Team Led by Captain Van De Water, the Chicago swimming team defeated the Boilermaker contingent in a closely-contested match at the Fieldhouse pool yesterday afternoon. Van De Water set the pace for both teams by garnering two victories in his free style specialties.
146 pound class—Hanna (A) won by fall over Huston (P). 166 pound class—Tyrrell (P) won by decision overJSIiserelli (A), 166 pound class—^Post (P) drew with Kamilrawicz (A). 176 pound class—Fullgren (A) won by fall over Toth (P). Heavyweight—Rossi (P) won by forfeit over Pacino (A). Boilermaker Water Polo Team Loses To Chitago, 6-1 In a hard fought battle yesterday afternoon at the Fieldhouse Chicago defeated the Boilermaker water polo team by a score of 6-1. The game was characterized by rough playing with the whistle blowing approximately even for both sides. In the first half Chicago consistently outplayed Purdue, controlling the ball most of the time and very rarely giving the Boilermakers a chance to get in scoring territory. Purdue’s lone goal was made in the first minute of the second half on a pass from Armstrong to Graham. From then on Chicago took over and proceeded to make four points in as many minutes. With about two minutes left to play the Marhons sent in an entirely new team. The game ended without further scoring. LaBree substituted freeiy during the game. Men who participated in the game were: Armstrong, Lahey, Liming, Siler, and Graham, forwards; Carr, Jacobi, and Marshall, guards; and Moley, goal tender.
Wildhack, Purdue diving star, and Carr, Riveter breast stroke ace, vanquished their Maroon rivals for the only two Gold and Black first places. The final score was decided by the last event, the 400 yard free style relay, won by Chicago in a fast race. Chicago’s total points were 46 while coach Larry LaBree’s proteges scored 38 counters. Maroons Draw First Blood Chicago started the hostilities with a victory in the 300 yard medley. The Maroon backstroke, breaststroke and crawl swimmers vanquished the Riveters by 10 yards. Captain Van de Water won his first race in the 220 yard free style race. Both Siler and Graham ,made the race a closelV contested one. With the absence of Captain Lahey, Chicago took the 50 yard free style by several yards. Despite a faulty start in one of his optional dives and a consequential loss of points, Wildhack, Boilermaker diving star, took the diving event by a wide margin over his teammate, Craig. Lahey, Purdue sprint star, was nosed out by an inch in the 100 yard free style by a spurting Maroon racer, Sorensen. Stein of Chicago gained strongly in his first two laps and kept his long lead throughout the 150 yard backstroke and coasted to victory. Anderson, Maroon breaststroke star was disqualified because of illegal turns and Carr, Purdue stroker, was awarded the victory in the 200 yard breaststroke. Van de Water won his second event of the afternoon in the gruelling 440 yard free style grind. Van de Water was pursued closely throughout the entire 17 1-2 laps by both Graham and Siler. The summary of events: 300-yard Medley Relay—Won byChicago (Sorensen, Anderson, Stem) Time, 3 15 7 220-yard Free Style—Won by Van De Water (C) ; second, Graham (P) , third, Siler (P). Time, 2.26 5 50-yard Free Style—Won by McCullom (C) ; second, Tuxworth (P) , third, Stearns (C) Time, -26 4. Diving—Won by Wildhack (P) , second, Craig (P) , third, French (C) 100-yard Free Style—Won by Sorensen • (C) ; second, Lahey (P) , third, McCullom (C) Time, .66 7. 160-yard Back Stroke—Won by Stem (C) , second, Tredwell (P) ; third, Bernhardt (C). Time, 1:46 8. 200-yard Breast Stroke—^Won by Carr (P) , second Schnermg (C) , third, McCammon (P). Time, 2:43.2 440-yard Free StyJe==Wbn by Wan De Water (C): second, Graham (P), third, Siler (P). Time, 6:24.4. 400-yard Free Style Relay—Won by Chicago (McCullom, Sorensen, Stearns, Wells). Time, 3:61.3.
psJdaJiii. QhoksL By Bruce Witwer
After rising up from the ground where we liberally heaped ashes on our head in utter despair we cry “What a ball game to lose, there ain’t no justice” .. . Wisconsin may think there is but there are over 6,000 Boilermakers who will assure you that the three fates had better take some more lessons in spinning their skeins of life. —fc.— We can’t give too much credit to Igney who game through time after time with baskets and free throws to lend scoring drive to the Riveter attack . . . even scoring 53 per cent of Purdue’s points all by himself wasn’t enough to stem the tide of the Badger onslaught. —^fc— The whole trouble laid in Purdue’s inability to hit the basket and in not getting enough shots in during the overtime period . . . the second half the Boilermakers shot 30 times and only made two baskets to Wisconsin’s six and during the overtime they shot five times and made one while the Badgers peppered away 11 times and tallied two for the winning margin. —fc— The closing minutes of the game looked like a miniature replica of the Spanish Loyalists making an exodus out of Spain with Anderson, Weber, and Yeager getting a full quota of personal fouls and being informed that their services on the floor could be dispensed with.
Big Ten Standings
W
L
Pet.
Indiana
7
1
.875
Ohio State
6
2
.750
Illinois
6
3
.667
Minnesota
5
3
.625
PURDUE
4
3
.571
Northwestern
4
4
.500
Michi^n
3
5
.375
Wisconsin
3
5
.375
Iowa
2
7
.222
Chicago
1
8
.111
HAYS JEWELRY CO. EAST SIDE OF S<|UARB FINE JEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
DINNERS SERVED WITH VARIETY QUALITY AND SERVICE OUR MOTTO MITZrS CAFE 213 VINE STREET
COLONIAL GARDENS TOMMY TUCK ER INN Why Can't You? Dine . . . Dance Phone 46242 U. S. 52
ALLE SCHOOL OF DANCINCa LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY BEGINNER’S CLASS OPENS Wednesday, Feb. 22, 7:30 p.m ADVANCED CLASS OPENS ^Thursday, Feb. 23, 7:30 p.m. ENROLL NOW PHONE 2150 - -
Boilermakers Face Illinois Tomorrow At Champaign The Boilermakers will take their second consecutive road trip of the Big Ten season tomorrow night to face the Illinois five in a return game at Champaign, 111. The Illini, with Hapac and Dehner in anjfthing but the best of condition, dropped their first meeting with the Boilermakers, 34-30, but gave the Gold and Black a run for its money. Tomorrow the two Orange and Blue stars will be in top form. - ■■■
Not only will the Riveters be attempting to atone for last night’s surprise defeat by the Badgers, but they will also be trying to hang on to whatever chance they have of figuring in the Big Ten championship. Both Illinois and Purdue have lost three games, but the Illini have two more wins to their credit. Fast Lineup Chances are that Lambert will start his fastest combination against Doug Mills’ charges, with Igney, who accounted for more than half the Boilermakers’ points against Wisconsin, slated for a forward berth. This will put Fisher or Weber on the bench at the start of the game unless Piggy decides to stick to height. Because some students will be unable to hear the radio broadcast of the game over radio station WILL Monday night, there will be a play by play rebroadcast in the Fieldhouse. The rebroadcast was at first considered unnecessary, since the game will be aired directly from Champaign. Two fieshman teams will again entertain Boilerihaker followers at the Fieldhouse in a game which will start at 7:15. During the intermission the first half of the Illinois game will be broadcast; the interfreshman game will follow, in turn followed by the last half of the game at Champaign. Boilermaker Fencers Meet Two Foes Then Enter Tournament Boilermaker fencers will have a busy time of it the next three weeks when they engage one conference team, one non-conference team, and then wind up the season with the Big Ten tournament at Chicago. Saturday they cross foils with the Notre Dame squad at the Fieldhouse, then the following week-end they travel to the University of Illinois to engage the Illini in a dual match. On March 11, they close the season by participating in the round robin conference touimey at Chicago. The tournament is to determine both team and individual championships, and while the Riveter team has little chance of gaining the team title, such individual stars as Huffman, Bob Meier, Maierson, and Stepath should place well up in their respective divisions.
Former Universily Director Of Athletics Quits Post At Lehigh Lehigh University’s director of athletics. Col. Nelson A. Kellogg, who was athletic director at Purdue and professor of physical education here for 14 years, has resigned his post at the Bethlehem, Pa., University to take a year’s rest because of impaired health. While his resignation will not take place until the close of the academic year, Kellog will retire to his summer home at Central Lake, Mich., about the first of May to attempt to improve a heart condition which has been bothering him siftce the summer of 1936. Left Purdue In 1933 Colonel Kellogg, who left Purdue SIX years ago to take his posiat Lehigh, will be replaced temporarily by Paul Short, assistant director of athletics, who is also manager of ticket sales and coach of the freshman baseball team. Noble E. Kizer took over the post as athletic director here when Kellogg left Purdue April 19, 1933. At the time Kizer was the youngest man in his position in the Big Ten, the | only director of athletics in the conference who also coached the football squad. President C. C. Williams of Lehigh University expressed concern for the health of the ex-Boilermak-er athletic leader on accepting his resignation and said, “In accepting your resignation, I wish to express my appreciation of your wholesome policies relative to intercollegiate athletics.” More Praise From Williams “Your influence at Lehigh,” he continued, “has been wholly cooperative in promoting the educational ideals for which Lehigh stands, and by your discernment in the selection of coaches and assistants who are not only capable but who also entertain similar ideals of sport, you have rendered Lehigh a fine service.” Kellogg, who was bom January 30, 1881 at East Richford, Vt., was graduated from the University of Michigan, receiving his bachelor of arts degree in 1904. He is president of the Middle Atlantic Athletic Conference and a member of the Board of Directors of the Eastern Intercollegiate Football Association. Association.
Save Mother!
^ Let us take the burden
of your weekly laimdry. Motheir has enough to do.
West Side
Our STUDENT’S SPECIAL PRICE
Office
offers you ^ ^ r 5 Pounds for ^
132
10% Discoimt
Vine St.
at West Lafayette Office.
Phone
WHILE YOU WAIT
FIRST CLASS
7278
SHOE REPAIRING
Phoue American! 3085 Dependable Dry Cleaners
Ml■m
(i
^toaxL Odiu
THE PURDUE EXPONOTT
n^nficoA
Sunday, February 19,1939
,1
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“Stop being rude and interrupting mother, Lucy—I can’t hear a thing they’re saying at the other table?”
^pinacL
By Betty Wickard Ninety per cent of us use rouge, whether the stronger sex is aware of our secret or not. And most of us do not know how to use it. Women use rouge for two purposes, to give a healthy bloom to the face and to improve its contour. Always strive for a natural effect and use too little rouge rather than too much. Cream rouge, although harder to apply, gives a more natural and lasting color. Dipping your fingers in cold cream first makes your cream rouge easier to spread smoothly. In photography, rouge makes shadows where it is applied. All the science of cinema make-up is based on this principle, but in every-day life the situation is reversed and attention is focused on the rouged area. Therefore in rouging the round face with fat cheeks, the rouge is placed high on the cheek bones and lightly carried down to give the illusion of length and a bony structure. If your nose is bx’oad and you have flat cheeks, start your rouge on the cheek-bone and curve out in the shape of a parenthesis to give the impression of a rounded cheek. For those with prominent jaws, the rouge should begin at the cheek bones and curve down the center of the cheek. It is brought closer to the mouth than for any type, since to have the lower face unrouged would only attract attention to the jaw. Fdr those with hollo w cheeks the rouge should be wide at the cheekbones, becoming narrow as it is shaded down the cheek to a line even ■with the mouth.
WBAA
"THE VOICE OF PURDUE"
—^Tomorrow— 11:00—American Institutions, Prof. Robert Phillips. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Agricultural Forum. 12:16—Sports Review. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:46—Songs and Melodies. 1:00—^Tovra Crier. 1:16—Monitor Views the News. 1:30—Story Time. 1:45—Market Reports. 2:00—Magic Carpet. 2:16—Pat Wolcott, soprano. 2:80—^Foods, Facts, Fancies. 2:46—Mrs. Maurine Martin, violinist. 3:00—Concert Review. 4:00-^The Warren Family. 4:16—Campus Personalities. 4:80—^Robert Pettiner, accordionist. 4:46—Story Book Hour,
Prints Go On Display In Union As Camera Club Opens Exhibit
By Bob Massey Get off the track! The horses are coming atound the turn. Behind the cheering crowd, the hot dog stand is doing a great business. No, its not Churchill Downs; it’s just an old fashioned county fair which is pictured in one of the prints in the Camera Club’s exhibit in the second floor hall of the Union Building. Along with this picture, “County Fair Pacers,” some 43 other pictures are on exhibition in the upper hall of the Union. These pictures have been assembled by the Club for their regular winter traveling show that will be shown at ten universities in the east and middle west. Trick Process Probably one of the most striking pictuies of the exhibit is a very pleasing photograph taken by Bob Buckles in which a bas-relief effect was achieved by a trick printing process. “All the pictures have been taken, developed, and printed by members of the club in the club’s “one measly dark room,” remarked Bob Buckles. Bill Heddeth, new president of the club, who took the fair picture at Coiydon, Ind., also has several
other pictures which he took on a western trip last August through Yellowstone Park and into Canada on exhibit. “Peaceful Pacific” is the title of another photograph taken by S. Myers of two people silhouetted against a gentle sea lapping on a rocky shore. Pictures Take Trip The collection, which is up now in honor of President Elliott’s return, will be criticized by Prof. A. W. Cole, of the mechanical engineering school, Tuesday at the regular meeting of'i;he club, after which it will be packed up and sent on its torn. The universities on the schedule include Pennsylvania, Brown, Colgate, Rochester, Michigan State, Illinois, Minnesota, Kansas, Nebraska, and Texas, from where it will be sent back to the campus just before the end of the school year. “We see them so much, we either like them or we don’t,” said Bill Hedden last night. “So we would like to know what other people think of our work.” Next time you are in the Union before Tuesday take a look at the pictures in the upper hall and let Bill know.
New 6E SalesmaiisSiip Instructor Has Had Long, Varied Career Robert S. Stainton, graduate of Cornell University, with degrees in both mechanical and electrical engineering, is taking charge of general engineering courses in salesmanship starting this semester. Stainton IS also an instructor in the distribution of engineering products and accounting for engineers. Bob Stainton has had an interesting career that ideally fits him for his new work. Besides receiving degrees in engineering, majoring in management, he has taken graduate work in law "and accounting. At present Bob is commuting between here and the University of Illinois, where he is doing more of his graduate work and research in the commerce school. Past Experience Past experience qualifying him for this job has taken many forms. A research project on lubrication led to his spending three years with the Standard Oil Company as a field engineer. In 1926 he joined the Illinois Bell Telephone Company working on surveys, markets, growth, distribution and computation of dadistribution, and computation of dayears later he was appointed sales supervisor and inaugurated a sales training program. Wrote Sales Guide A sales manual which he wrote is •widely used as a guide in sales activity. His next job was with the Honeywill Regulator Company as a sales engineer. This work involved selling to consumers, dealers, jobbers, and writing specifications for architects. While in this field he again organized and conducted a training school for salesmen. Last fall he enrolled as a graduate student in the Commerce School at the University of Illinois. His program at Purdue is being built around the development of instruction in sales and allied activities for Purdue engineers. Monroe Will Show Interview Technique At Lecture Tuesday “How to Interview an Employer” will be the subject of a demonstration by Prof. Alan Monroe, head of the speech department, Tuesday, February 21, at 4 p. m. in the main lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Building. This is to be the third in a series of lectures for seniors on “How To Secure a Position Upon Graduation.” The talks are sponsored by the University placement committee under the direction of Dr. J. E. Walters, head of the personnel department. According to Dr. Walters, this lecture should be of extreme help to seniors and all should attend.
Badgers Win(Continued from page 1) toss m the extra period. Gallagher Did It As in the previous engagement between the two fives. Badger forward Smith was the star of the Wisconsin team, making five baskets and a free throw, but the Frank Mem well act was put on by Gallagher, substitute guard. Gallagher entered the game with less than three minutes to play and finished the regular time without scoring, but, with less than 30 seconds to go in the overtime, he sent a long looper through the net from the corner and the game was Wisconsin’s. The contest was a see-saw affair, punctuated by many whistle toots and time outs, but fast and snappy throughout. The officials called 32 personals during the evening, 17 of them against Purdue. The previous high this season was 29 fouls in one game. Igney Comes Through At one point in the first period the Badgers held a 9-4 lead, but the persistent little forward. Bob Igney was rushed into the fray and stopped the onslaught and the Boilermakers reversed the tide, piling up nine more points to two for Wisconsin before the half ended. By the middle of the last half the Cardinals had tied the score at 19 all, then a basket by Fisher, one free throw by Yeager, and three more from the charity lane by Igney put the Boilermakers ahead, 26-19. Smith, Weigandt, and Bell shot Wisconsin back into a 26-26 lead with seconds remaining, and Gallagher, who was later to account for the winning tallies, fouled Yeager, who tied the score shortly before the end of the regulation time. Overtime To illustrate the heat of the contest, the teams combined to make 10 points in the overtime. Weber hit a free throw, then committed his fourth personal and left the game. England tied the score, Igney added another point to put Purdue ahead, 28-27, and Dickinson followed with a long basket to give the visitors what looked like a secure lead. However, fate stepped in and slapped down the Gold and Black. Dupee immediately flipped in a free throw. With 47 seconds left to play, Purdue Captain Gene Anderson, who had gone out of the game on fouls, seated himself directly behind the time keeper and eyed the watch, but the amusement which he stirred was short-lived for Boilermaker backers, as Bell dropped in a field goal to tie the score and Gallagher added the finishing touch by sinking a long basket. After that, six-foot, ten-inch Timmerman fouled Dickinson, but the sparky Riveter guard, •with only 10 seconds to go and a chance to tie the score, again missed both free throws and the Badgers were the victors. The summary:
Purdue B FT P TP Fisher, f 10 2 2 Anderson, f 10 4 2 Weber, c 114 3 Igney, f 6 4 0 16 Yeager, g 0 4 4 4 Herschelman, g 0 0 0 0 Beretta, g 0 0 2 0 Dickinson, g . 1 1 1 3 Totals 10 10 17 30 Wisconsin B FT P TP Dupee, f 13 2 5 Smith, f 5 1 1 11 Bell, c 2 3 3 7 Englund, c 0 12 1 Timmerman, f 0 0 0 0 Weigandt, g 0 111 Rundell, g 13 4 5 Gallagher, g 10 2 2
Totals
10 12 15 32
Ciassi/ied Ads
MISCELLANEOUS
TTPBWmiTBKS—All umIcm, •tandwd and X)ortabl«, mM, pBrcbaacd, rented. nMd repaired. Kew portable inaeafaiea aa low as |2t.TS. Snppllee. C. F. HborekeS, 4H Main atreet
FOR SALE
EMBOSSED NAPKINS 13x18, quarter fold, high grade, 6,000 to case, only $2.76, Lilly-Lulip sanitary drinking cups. Cabinets leased. Phone for samples of napkins and cups. Phone 7828. Lafayette Printing Co.
and By Georgaim Sehilling
Dr. Hadley Will(Continued from page 1)
speak Tuesday evening. His subject will be “What Is Life About.” The following evening Rev. Richmond Blake will speak on “Building a Christian Home.” Rev. Blake is a leader at the Lake Geneva Religious Camp. Social Aspect Thursday evening Dr. Kiel Bollinger, national secretary of Wesley Foundation and former Student Pastor here for eight years, will speak on “Christianity and the Social Order.” Fraternities, sororities, and residence hall members are especially in^vited to attend this meeting. The Friday speaker will be Dr. Guy Carpenter of Indianapolis. He will speak on “Gossamer Threads to the Eternal.” William Green, CE ’37, will accompany Dr. Carpenter, and ■will play several saxophone solos during the evening. There will be no Saturday open meeting. The final meeting will be held Sunday evening. Rev. K. B. Hunter, of the Purdue Christian Foundation will speak on “What a Christian Thinks of Jesus.”
Colored lads with rhythm in their eyes, rhythm in their nods, and in their feet, and in their sighs—^that’s Jimmy Lunceford and his company of swingaroo musicians. Four hundred forty-three couples frolicked to his matchless music in the ballroom last night. In the dancing game it was every man for himself and a kind of survival of the fittest—especially in the cases of fancier dancers who usually cover a lot of territory. —H-H— We saw couples in sports clothes, some in regular mixer garb, and a few drifted in from some of the formals, all decked out in formal attire. Going round and round at sundry times we saw a good many of the Playshop cast; Pat Potter with Bob Schlendorf, Mary Alice Miller with Stubby Meiers. —H-H— Mary Jane West and Joe Martin cavorted around with Betty Erick and Harold Martin hot on their heels. Many other co-eds including Vicky Milea, Georgialou Fleiger, Mary McClelland, Petie Reimann, ‘Anna Fay Campbell, and Meredith Kirkpatrick were all dancing. —H-H— Requests for “Music Maestro, Please” were filled many places on the campus last night, it being “Old Big Band Night” around here. Sterling Young presided over the rhythms at Lincoln Lodge for the Jefferson Dance given by the Phi Psis and the Phi Gams. Young has also played for a number of dances on the campus and is very popular with the dancing lads and'lassies. Music by the Wabash Collegians, a rhythmical group of boys from Wabash College, was the highlight of the fraternity triad dance at Allen’s last night given by the Phi Kappas, Kappa Delta Rhos, and the Phi Kappa Taus. And the ATO’s with their dates danced to radio music at the informal radio dance given at their chapter house from 9 to 12 last night. Irvan Maury’s band furnished the downbeat for the Theta Chi formal last night. And the first State Dance of the year was held in Indianapolis last night at the Columbia Club; with the Alpha Chis as hostesses. —H-H— While we are still on the subject of music, our latest passion is for the song “Deep Purple.” What a tune! There are several recordings of the song around, but we think Kay Kyser’s record cops all honors. Ginny Sims sings the words in her own unbeatable way. Other favorites on our personal hit parade are the tunes “Kinda Lonesome,” and Hoagy Carmichael’s latest called “I Get Along Without You.” —H-H— It feels like spring is about to come round again. Very soon the birds will be yammerin’ in the trees again, the sky will be filthy with
stars, and youths will be wearing that silly look signifying they are about to take a fling at love. Yes, spring is going to be great! ^ —H-H— Personally, we still are disillusioned over those letters from home —you know the kind •with the “X’s” on them. We thought that meant kisses. It didn’t. Too late we discovered those “X’s” just meant double Grosser. Good bye now.
WAA Riflery: There will be only two practice nights this week due to convocations. Come between 6:16 and 9 p. m. on Monday and Tuesday nights, February 20 and 21. This is the last week to make up practices. ' —SMITH.
Scabbard and Blade: Rifle practice begins on Monday, Febiuary 20, at 4 p. m. in Fieldhouse lange. . —FRANCOS.
Debris Business Staff: Important meeting of all sophomiwea on Monday, February 20, at 4:00 p. m in the Debris office. —EDWARDS.
Reamer Club: Meeting on Monday evening, February 20, at 8:00 o’clock, room P of the Union. Important —JACKS.
Alpha Zeta: Meeting Tuesday evening, February 21, at 7:30 in Union. —STONAKER. Battery Athletic Officers: Check on all entries for the finals. Anticipate first competitive basketball game on Thursday, February 23 —BECKLEY.
Military Freshmen: All entries for the finals. Freshman Boxing Tournament, report to the Intramural Gym, Fieldhouse, at 6 :30 p. m. Tuesday, February 21. —BECKLEY.
WAA Basketball Schedule: Tuesday evening, February 21, at 4 p. m. Chi O vs. Theta and Kappa vs. Alpha Xi. At 6 p. m. Wards II and IV vs. Alpha Chi. —REIMANN.
WAA Basketball Schedule: Monday evening, February 20, at 4 p. m.: WRH, S. vs. Ward III; and WRH vs. Pi Phi. At 6 p. m.: Ward I vs. Pedalion. —REIMANN.
Episcopal Students: Corporate Communion Sunday, February 19, at 8 a. m. in the Parish Hall, followed by breakfast. —THORNTON. Scriveners: Meeting Sunday evening, February 19, at 7:46 at Professor Sutcliffe’s, 326 Chauncey Ave. Bring manuscripts. —JUSTIN. Tau Kappa Alpha—All members report to the tower room of the Union at 7:60 Monday, February 20, for Debris pictures. Formal dress is in order. —BUCKLES.
Catalyst Club: Attention all memhers! Important business meeting at 7:16 on Thursday evening, February 24. Refreshments will be served after meeting. Delta Rho Kappa: Keys available for $2.60, plus three cents a letter for engraving. Please bring money to meeting Tuesday, February 21. —ESTEY.
Society of Automotive Engineers: Members may get pins from Miss Osterling in the main office of the Mechanical Engineering Building until Friday, February 24. —LUTHER. History, Economics, and Government: Examinations for the removal of conditions in His'tory, Economics, and Government will be held Saturday, March 11, at 1 p. m, in room 813, Recitation Building. All students who plan to take the exam should register mith the department office before March 9. (2-19) —ESTEY.
Candidates: Report in room 106 of the Fieldhouse Monday, February 20, at 4:30 o’clock. Practice will start Tuesday. Check out your equipment between now and Tuesday during the hours 9-12 a. m. and 1:80-3 p. m. —ELWARD. Gala Week Committee: Pictures will be taken in the Union tower room on Monday, February 20, at 7 p. m. —BAASE. _ Delta Mo Kappa: An important meeting of all members Tuesday, February 21. at 7:30 p. m. in room B of the Union. —KUNGEL. ME 61, ME 62: Make-up examinations will be given Saturday, February 26, at 1 p. m. in ME 801. Those contemplating taking either of thq above should notify the undersigned. (2-24) —BOLZ.
FDR SALE—A beautiful bull and fox terrier pup. Dial 41962.
ROOMS FOR RBNT
DOUBLE ROOM—Single bed, continuous hot water, shower, steam heat. 82 dollars with board. 224 Sheets. 2671.
SINGLE ROOM with private lavatory, $12.50. No other roomers. 702 Dodge St.
the Purdue Exponent
Sonrice Directory
• Bookstores
• jewelers
"DiAC" Everything for ■ College Education H. G. REISNER
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This Is ell we do, but we do it weH. w, OpPMJt* Poet Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
• Locksmith
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATI SHARPININ6 Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
e Professional
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 ’/4 Vine West Lafayf tte Phone 4965
• Printing
SERVICE PJRINTING OlHc* SUIIonsry. , “ 1 'N^cddlns InvIUlloni RHONE ^ ° • > ““ CASSEL’S /
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—D,D.S. HAROLD J. RISK—D.D.S. LUTHER A. RISK—D.DA ^ Schultx Building 4h and Main Phone 5701