Michigan 21 Notre Dame 25 Minnesota 13 ' Northwestern 40 Wisconsin 33 Texas 13 Michigan State 14 College of Pacific 7 Nebraska 7 Syracuse.. 0 Marquette ,13 Indiana 6
Get the gory details of the Purdue - Ohio ^ate fracas.
Purdue Exponent Z-186
Volume 52. No. 24
West Lafayette. Indiana
Weather Forecast: Cloudy, with mild temperatures today. Sunday. October 6. 1940
Riveters Defeated By Ohio State, 17-14
Maag Kicks FieidgoalToHand Boilermakers 4th Quarter Loss
Wi(ks To Address KsrrWillPhy First Worship Cohvo For Mixer Next Of '40-'4l Season Saturday Night
Change Time To Evening To Encourage Attendance
Robert W. Wicks, dean of the Princeton university chapel, will speak next Sunday evening at 7:30 o’clock in the Music Hall at the first religious convocation of the present school year. Doors will be open to students and public at 6:46 o’clock. Attention of students and townspeople is drawn to the change in time of the convo, the evening hour being substituted for the usual 10:30 o’clock hour so that “church people of the city may attend,” Prof. Laurence Hadley, director of the monthly religious convocations said yesterday. Fourth Audience Dr. Wicks will speak Sunday for the fourth time before a University oonvocation audience. His topic will be, “A Bewildered Generation,” Student bodies of Vassar, theUniversity of Virginia, the University of North Carolina, Vanderbilt university, and Ohio Wesleyan university have recently heard talks by Dean Wicks. Besides speaking in eastern and mid-western colleges and universities, Dean Wicks is a much coughtafter speaker in boys’ schools in New England. His latest book, “One Generation and Another,” was recently published by the Scribner Press. Organ Music Traditional organ music prior to the actual beginning of the religious convocations will be continued, as the organ has been moved from Eliza Fowler Hall to the Hall of Music. During the course of the convo, the 250 - voice University Concert Choir will present a program of two anthems, “Prayer,” and “Send Forth Thy Spirit.” Its music is ex-, pected to be excellent, as usual, j.a.p.
Wayne Karr and his “muSic with a ‘lift’ ” will play for the regular Union mixer Saturday night in the north ballroom of the Union from 9 until 12 o’clock. Grief — $1. Maestro Karr will feature his tenor saxaphone, clarinet, and violin. Dori King, formerly with Blue Steele’s orchestra, will be the featured female vocalist. Assisting Miss King will be Paul Carlstrom, who specializes on ballads and nov-
elty numbers, e.w.n.
CBS Will Broadcast Forum On Draft Act “A Student in Selective Service” is the topic of discussion at a forum to be broadcast Tuesday night from 10:16 to 10:30 o’clock on a nationwide network of the Columbia
Broadcasting System.
At this forum, answers to specific questions of students and faculty members regarding the Selective Service Act and potential military
training will be given.
Questions pertinent to the situation will be asked by Dr. Harry ’Woodburn Chase, chancellor of New York university, and Dr. C. C. Williams, president of Lehigh university. Lieut. Col. Lewis B. Hershey, executive officer at the Selective Service Headquarters in Washington, D, C., and Dr. Frederick Osborn, chairman of the Advisory Committee on Selective Service, Washington, D. C., will attempt to
answer these questions.
This discussion, sponsored by the American Council on Education, is being held in an effort to clear up certain points of the act which deal with deferring^draft and registra-
tion procedures. j.f.z.
Informal Co-ed Rush Will Open Tuesday; Stratton, Street, Rader To Address Group Informal rush will open for all women students interested in joining one of the eight national sororities on dampus with a meeting of all rushees and rush-chairmen in the north ballroom of the Union Tuesday afternoon at 4 o’clock. Dorothy C. Stratton, dean of worn- . en, Roy C. Street, Pan-Hellenic lawyer, and Mrs. Clifford Rader, past national Pan - Hellenic president, will speak at the meeting. Rules will be explained, and rush-captains will be introduced. Registration will begin immediately following the meeting until ’6 p. m. and also from 7 to 8 p. m. in room 364 of the Union. To cover Pan-Hellenic costs a fee of two dollars will be made and an additional charge of 60 cents will be incurred for late registration. Informal Rush Begins On Wednesday -and Thursday informal rush will be held at the various houses from the hours of 8 to 6 p. m. Refreshments will consist of one beverage. Rushees are imged to visit every house. Afternoon parties on Saturday and Sunday, from 2 to 6 p. m. will be attended by the rushees. Preference Dinner^ Invitations to the informal dinners on Tuesday, October 16, Wednesday, October 16, and Thursday, October 17, from 6:30 to 8:30 p. m. will be received by mail on Monday, October 14. These are to be returiied
to the Pan-Hellenic desk in the Union from 3:30 to 6:30 p. m. of the same day they are received. Formal preference night dinners will close T^ushing activities on Friday, Octolier 18, from 6:30 to 8 p. m. Invitations will be received and signed at the Pan-Hellenic desk in the Union from 7:30 a. m. to 2 p. m. on Friday, October 18. No dates for preference night may be broken. Rushees may sign preference cards at. the Pan-Hellenic desk following the dinner, and pledging invitations may be called for at the Pan-Hellenic desk on Saturday, October 19, from 12:30 to 6 p. m. Wesley Players .. . will hold tryouts for two oneact plays on Tuesday at 4 and 7 o’clock at the Wesley Foundation. The peace play will be given Sunday, Noveinber 10, coinciding with Armistice Day. The second play, with a temperance theme, will be given the following week at Attica, e.w.n.
All-Campus Show 11gnores Tradition; No'Black And Tan' 'Everything But 'Onions' Set For Thanksgiving Day “Everything but Onions” is the title of the all-campus show sponsored by the Student Union which will be presented to the student body and faculty in the Music Hall on Thanksgiving Day, November
21.
Although University tradition demands that a “Black and Tan Fantasy” be produced every Thanksgiving, “Ever3U;hing but Onions” is a departure from the “Black and Tan” theme. Best Show Yet However, according to Willis Wells, producer, director and coauthor of the play, this year’s show will top any produced in the entire series. Wells gave a slight preview of the show when he said that the opening scene is a “bull-session” in a fraternity house. From the “session” the plot developes into a stage show with songs, dances and slapstick comedy. Student Production The entire show is a student production; Wi'Uis Wells and Bob Hayt wrote the play and Bob Bauman is the dance director, while Bill Smith is in charge of stage settings. Several openings in the cast are available to singers, musical instrument players, dancers and actors. Bob Hoffer, business manager of the production, said yesterday that students who tried out for “Susan apd God,” but did not receive parts on the cast are welcome to tryout for “Everything but Onions.” Openings are also available in the Pony chorus dance group which appears in the play. Tryouts will be held at 4 o’clock tomorrow after-^ noon in the south ballroom of the Union. e.g.k. Would-Be Sophomore Debate Ngrs. Meet Tomorrpw Afternoon Sophomore men who wish to tryout for debate managerships should report at 4 o’clock tomorrow afternoon to room 308 of University Hall, Prof. P. E. Lull, men’s'debate coach, said yesterday. The work of sophomore managers will consist mainly of carrying out the different speech contests of the campus and the high school debate conference. These speech contests will include the Beveridge Speech Contest for freshmen, Hanley Speech Contest for^ engineers, and the All-Campus Discussion Tournament. Much valuable experience can be gained by the administering of these contests, Professor Lull said. One of the most important duties, according to Professor Lull, of the debate managers is th? work they do during the high school debate conference. Between seven' and eight hundred high school debaters attend this conference. ' Managers receive keys and activity points for the w6rk that they have done. Sophomore managers will also have an opportunity to work for the three junior managerships. These positions at present are held by Bruce Lawler and Laddie Stahl, junior debate managers, and Forest Deal, junior publicity manager, r.t.
Beveridge Speech Contest Will Open On Tuesday, Oct. 15
“Solving the Unemployment Problem,” “Government Ownership of Railroads,” “The Future Engineer,” “The Effect of the War on the United States,” “The Problem of Organized Labor,” “Student Cooperatives,” “A Planned Agriculture,” “My Candidate for President of the United States,” and “The Problem of Our Highways” all are appropriate subjects for five-minute speeches to be delivered in the preliminary rounds of the thirteenth annual Beveridge Speaking Contest at 4 o’clock on Tuesday afternoon, October 16.
Finals Thursday
Thesfe preliminary rounds wiU be held in room 310 of University HalL Pinal competition for the Hays Cup, annually awarded to the winner of the contest, will be held Thurs-r day, October 17, in the Home Ec-\ onomics Auditorium. ' Although individual contestants will compete for the Hays Cup, those who are involved with some campus organization will attempt to mass the greatest number of points for their group and have its name engraved on the Ankeny Cup. That organization will gain possession of the cup for one year. Any organization winning the trophy three times will be given permanent
possession of it. Sign Up Now
' Would - be participators should sign up in the speech department offices, room 307 of University Hall, and for additional information should call Laddie Stahl at 6083 or Bruce Lawler at 46381. j.a.p. Six Hundred Music Fans Fill Ballroom For Swin^ession Six hundred foot-tapping, swingloving students, mostly the male of the specie, crowded into the north ballroom of the Union to listen to last night’s swing session presented by Irv Given and his campus or-
chestra.
Given started the session with his theme song “Jeannie with the Light Brown Hair.” A series of altematingly fast and slow pieces gave him ' a'chance to feature all of the various com;^nents of: his orchestra such as the piano, the trumpets, the drum and the vocalist, e.^.k. Alpha Kappa Lambda '' ■ \ , . .social fraternity, announces the pledging of the following men: Lester Hess, St. Mary, O.; Charles Lugenbill, W. Lafayette; Jack Lyons, Chicago; Bob Sherman, W. Lafayette; Jack Stark, Port Wayne; William Taylor; Hyattville, Wyo.; A1 Todd, South Bend; and Carl Walden, Port Wayne. e.g.k.
Hits The Spot
By BOB SWAIM
Exponent Junior Sports Editor
Game fish swim up stream, and Purdue University presented Ohio State football fans with just such a courageous performance yesterday afternoon in the huge Buckeye playground, only to fall by a three-point margin, 17 to 14, which was more bitter to taste than the three-point defeat
at the hands of Notre Dame last season.
Outplayed throughout the first half as if a lethal hand was
clinching their jerseys, the Riveter gridders bounced back into the thick of the fracas at the start of the second half and with seven minutes remaining,: had the count knotted at 14-all, but Ohio state had the death-dealing blow in readiness. Charley Maag, Buckeye tackle, then place-kicked the all-important
points with 19 seconds left.
: Rankin Again
Captain Dave Rankin put in his bid for all-American honors by constantly tearing through the line to spill enemy ball carriers, and spreading his hands over half of the field when a pass hurtled through the air. Buckeye left end Anderson, who wears the same number as Rankin—^“22”, Showed that he can spear passes and break up plays in the Rankin-manner. The sophomore Negro was on the receiving end of
most of the Buckeye passes.
Sophomore Bill BuflBngton jarred Buckeye bulwarks to the teeth when he shuttled into the line time and again during the second half, once for a touchdown in the fourth quarter. Earning the iron-man rating, Mike Byelene lasted the full time and his running, passing, and alert tackles from the safety position
drew favorable attention.
Fallback Petty
Big John Petty, who tallied the first Boilermaker touchdown, played an impressive game from his fullback spot, and like Lahghurst, Buckeye fullback, drove his tremendous bulk through the line of scrimmage for consistent gains. Maag, 215 pound Buckeye tackle, kicked off to the Boilermakers and the ball was run out from behind the goal line by Bob Kersey to the Riveter 27 yard mark. Boilermaker backs could advance the ball only three yards in three plays, and Gal-
vin pimted.
Starting a power drive from their own 34 yard Ime, the Buckeyes ran rampant down the field for four first downs, and tbrminated their advance with Fisher’s line smash into pay soil. Slightly more than six minutes had elapsed since the opening kickoff. Scott, quarterback, retired to his 15 yard line to boot a perfect extra point. The ruining break for the Boilermakers came when Scott’s long pass to Anderson was ruled complete on the Riveter 21 yard mark and then over the zero line on the next play.
Long Punt
The Riveters retaliated with a first down but Galvin was forced to punt. Two intercepted passes finally placed the ball back in OSU possession on their own 8 yard marker. From there, Don Scott stepped behind the line of scrimmage and lifted a booming 79 yard punt far into Boilermaker land. Buckeye power was launched inanother drive during the second quarter, but an offensive holding penalty halted their first threat, the Boilermakers taking tixe ball on downs. Johnny Galvin, junior halfback, then spiralled a 60 yard punt, setting the Buckeyes ba^ on their heels. After repelling a Boilfflctaaker threat which stalled when Byelene’s pass was batted down, bruising Buckeyes relentlessly employed reverses, spinners, double laterals, and long passes to put the (Continued on’page 4>
Charley Maag, 216-pound tackle of the Buckeye eleven, who kicked defeat into the face of the Boilermaker team when he booted a field goal in the final 19 seconds of yesterday’s game to break a 14-14 tie.
Line-Bucker
Bucking the Ohio State Une for
tlte Boilermaker’s initial six-pointer, big John Petty, 210-pound fullback, started the Riveter 14-point offensive. His line charges kept the Buckeye forward wall constantly on its
toes throughout the battle.n
n
lBtf»ONENT
Suildlay. October 6, 1940
Today we are setting ourselves up as dictator. Every man with outstanding characteristics is being one these days. So that means us too. Mussolini is a great success because he is a great outdoors man. Hitler is quite the lad because he can cry and stamp his foot and get his way any damn time he pleases. Roosevelt is a g^eat fisherman. ' And us—^we’re probably the laziest man of the age, which puts us right up there with the boys.
First we gotta have der putsch. Whatever that is. Then we gotta have a blood purge to get rid of everyone who doesn’t agree with us. Then we’ll have an election. With only our name on the ballot.
Right now we’re trying to discover what subversive activity is. As soon as that is settled we instigate a fifth column. To instigate subversive activity.
Then we have to select a color of shirt. No self respecting dictator is without his black shirts or brown shirts. Personally we think that’s kind of crude. We favor baby blue. But until we can build up the treasury, We’ll be known as the dirty shirts.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of Iilarch 8, 1879, and at jthe special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered lineally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.S0. Editor-in-Chief. R. W. Donahue Business Manager. Merle Hagemeyer Publication Staff News Editor. J. H. McKee Managing Editor. D. K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, M. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Ruffner, R. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers; D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers ; Promotion Manager, C. E. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. Rectenw^d. Co-ed Staff Editor Reth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Bose, Donna Siess.
Spotts Staff Editor. J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phones: Ediorial 4005; Business 50^8; Sports Z792
Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Night Editor: Purcell Ass’t. Night Ed.: Nordlinger
Day Editor: Siess Night Sports Ed.: Swaim
Sophomores: E. G. Kieper, B. A. Tewksbury, John Zinski, Jean Fantone, Mary Howard, Margaret Fuller, J. D. Fraser.
WBAA
MONDAY
11:00—American Institutions Prof. Robert Phillips 11:50—Purdue News Plashes 12:00—Agricultural Forum 12:16—Sports Review 12:30—Meet the Band 12:46—Monitor Views the News 1:00—Urban Sociology Prof. T. K. Noss 1:46—Market Reports 2:00—Safety Program 2:16—Paul Mitchell—^tenor 2:30—Foods-Pacts-Pancies 2:45—Harmony Hall 3:00—Souvenirs 3:30—Scientific News Review 3:46—Don’t Listen 4:00—Tea Time Tunes 4:30—Ether Editor 4:46—Story Book Hour
Classified Ads
FOR SALE
We have leased a beer hall already to have meetings
in. With a time bomb all planted to get rid of left wingers. Now we’re waiting for the FBI to turn it’s back. Just once. Heil.—dkh
RuM-Rent-A-Cwr Service. Can for all oecaeions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone, 2407.
Joein ’ ^Round By Mary Howard
Oh humm, what a sleepy weekend.— Seems as if the whole campus must have taken the excursion Down by the 0-hi-o, and any who are left are hibernating. Really, though, several thousand did stay at home and had quite a merry time. Friday night the Phi Gams entertained with a good old-fashioned taffy-pull, with Chuck Brandt as chief taffy-cooker-upper. Everyone “stuck together” and had a swell time.
the swinging was the band’s new arrangement of “I Dream of Jeannie With the Light Brown Hair.” After the swing session, those who liked to dance and had a dollar went to the mixer, while others went over to town—^to the show, and “far, far into the night.” No matter how it’s described the local week-end sounds a little colorless, but next week-end promises to start a regular social avalanche.
The Pi Kappa Phi’s should also be added to this list of Saturday night dancers. Theirs will be at the chapter house. Whew, I’m practically out of breath, but, anyhow, those are some of the events to get bids for next week-end. Morris and Hancock, two of the Kappa Betties said their parents hadn’t seen their names in the Exponent for some time. Says who ?
Room for rent: of double room with 2 closets, soft water, shower, stoker heat. 134 Andrew Place.
FOR SALE—A bargain good '81 HarleyDavidson Motorcycle. Phone 3810.
FOR RENT—Rooms, modern near campus and village. Single bed. Garage available. 117 Wiggins. Phone 46301.
Board and Room for one student at the “Vivouac,” 40 N. Salisbury.
Lost: Gold Gruen wrist watch. If found, please return to J. A. Casler, 4944. Reward.
The majority on campus went over to the Music Hall to hear the gory but enlightening descriptions of the European conflict by the INS correspondent, Kenneth T. Downs. Makes you want to stand up and sing “God Bless America” at the top of your voice. Of course, Saturday afternoon was spent by most of the left-in-towps in huddles around the available radios, ohing and ahing, moaning and groaning over spectacular plays (and there were plenty). After the game quite a few gathered in the Sweet Shoppe for that afternoon coke, but it really didn’t seem natural because everyone had a place to sit.
It seems that October 12 appealed to many of the Greek-letter fraternities because many of the pledge dances have been scheduled for that night. The Phi Kappa Tau’s entertained their “at home” members and dates at a radio dance at the chapter house Saturday night. Friday night the PIA will hold its informal fall dance in the Union with Freddy Shaeffer and his all-girl orchestra furnishing the music. From reports of those u^ho heard this band auditioning here a few weeks ago, the music should be su-
John Lay son
... a University student last year, yesterday received a commission as a second lieutenant in the army air corps at Kelly Field, Tex. a.m.p.
Notices
M« BoticM Mcdved after • p. m.
Tests at Massachusetts Institute of Technology show that molasses heads the list of iron-containing foods with about 6.1 usable parts per 100,000, by weight. Beef liver and oatmeal are second and third.
Military Students: Distinguished Gun squad Competition, 76 nq.m. gun. Voluntary squads consisting of Executive and Assistant, both juniors, and Chief of Section, Gunner, and six Cannoneers, all sophomores. Squads organized by juniors. Applications must be filed with Lt. Col. White or Lt. Sietsma prior to noon, October 9. —WHITE.
Military Luncheon Committee: There will be a meeting Monday, October 7, at 4 p. m. in the Armory. —MEESE.
WAA Tennis: All third round matches must be played off by Tuesday, October 8. —EMHOPF.
per!
Saturday evening Irv Givin introduced his reorganized campus band at one of the popular swing sessions. One of the highlights of
Over at the Sigma Nu house a hovel dance is promised with the theme, Blitzkrrieg. Sand bags, bombs and other military matter will decorate the chapter house. At the Pi Kappa Alpha house the pledges will be feted at a dance with Bill Martin furnishing the music. Here, freshmen pots, paddles and cardboard pledge pins will be the decorations. The SAE’s are going to be “dancin’ with Hanson” at their pledge dance, also Saturday night. Andy Hanson of Indianapolis will furnish fhe music.
STARTS TODAY TRIPLE HIT PROGRAM
FIGHT PICTURES
Greatest and Most Sensational Knockout in Ring History for the White Championship of the World! MAX BAER vs PAT COMISKEY
with Jack Dempsey Referee
ALL KNOCKDOWNS IN SI^OW MOTION
PLUS
Fannie Hurst's Heart Warming Masterpiece! FOUR DAUGHTERS with Priscilla - Rosemary - and Lola Lane John Garfield - Jeffrey Lynn - Claude Rains
The Fun Fued of fhe Century!
yOieaf
[|<a>l;<HcURTHY
lll-6-M’S JOYOHS STAR-STUDDED
WHIRLWIND MUSICAL SPECTACLE! Mon laughs! More pep! More swing! More zest!
Joyously bigger than "Babes In Arms"! Mickey! Judy! Paii^ Whiteman! Hundred of romping, stomping entertainers in the sunniest musilcal sweetheart the year will ever see!
HEAR MICKEY AND JUDY SING "Our Love Affair'* and other grand and glorious musical hits!
'Roger Williams Club: There will be a hamburger fry and disoussioh led by Lawrence Wiles at 6 p. m. Sunday, October 6. Meet at church. Price 10c. —^BOYER.
All Sophomore Men: Those interested in trying out for sophomore debate Manager report to room 808, University Hall, at 4 p. m. Monday, October 7th. —HULTGBEN.
Ail Bicyclists: Purdue Wheelmen ride on Sunday, October 6, at 2:80 p. m. Meet in front of the Executive Building. %>ng 80 cents for picnic lunch. —^VANDERBILT.
Scriveners: Meeting Sunday, October 6, at 7:80 p. m. in room 261 of the Union. Bring manuscripts. —RIEGLE.
Reamer Club: Important meeting at 7:16 p, m,, Monday, October 7, in room 308 of the Union. Pledges will appear at 7:46 Sharp. Full attendance expected. —BOHLIN.
Christian Science Organization: Weekly meetings wjll be held at 7:30 on Thursday evenings instead of Tuesday evenings. October 10 meeting will be in room 302 of the Union. Names of applicants will be presented'at meeting. —GRIFFIN.
Purdue Players: See call board in Eliza Fowler Hall for progress of constitutions. 10-7 - —FOX.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Actives and pledges initiation will be held in the East reception room of the Union Sunday, October 6 at 9 a. m. Initiation breakfast will be held in the old Chestnut room at 10 a. m. —BOLLMAN.
PIA Board: Meeting will be held again at 4:16 p. m. in the PIA office Monday, October 7. Let’s all be present. —MUSSER.
Sophomore Union Workers: Meeting of camera club committee at 4 o’clock Monday, October 7, in the Union office. —TAFEL.
Typewriten and adding aiatfclnea, mcir and uaed, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, |t9.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeogrm;>h and multigraph wosk. C. F. Ebersboff, OOC Main St. Phone 2779. —da
Sophomore Union Workers: Important meeting of tea and reception committee at 4 o’clock Monday afternoon, October 7, iu the Union office. Following please attend: Gossett, Hardin, Darrow, Jackson, Lind, Seharff, McCauley, Reeves, Esping, Gleason, Hudson, vanGorkom, Meguiar. —SCHAUPP, BRAUDT.
Hillel Foundation: Important meeting on Sunday, October 6, at Temple of Israel. Election of officers for coming year. Everyone come. Regular supper will be served. —GLUCK.
Undergraduate Dames: On Tuesday, October 8, at 7:30 p. m., there will be a meeting for all members in room 263 at the Union. —GERSTUNG.
Alpha Lambda Delta Actives: For Sunday, October 6, initiation breakfast, please bring 40 cents. —BOLLMAN.
ARC
— TODAY - MONDAY —
In Howard Hawk:'
BIS GIRL FRIDAY
— AND — ISLE of DESTINY'
— WITH — ISLE OF DESTINY HIS GIRL FRIDAY
ALL COLOR CARTOON
TODAY-MON.—2 HITS!
HOPE
PAULETTE GODDARD
A f«r«tmeunt FUtvr* wllh
RICHARD CARLSON • PAUL LUKAS ANTHONY QUINN • WILLIE BEST
PLUS-^2ND FEATURE
If H IVil i lM l i f kii
HIOHTTRAIH
Union Sophomores: On Monday, October 7, at 4:16 p. m. an important meeting has been called in the Union office for the following sophomores: Ghana, Buggies, Lanius, Keeler, Simpson, Fox, Custer, Bertsch and KitleyA —KNIGHT.
American Country Life Abb. Committee: Monday, October 7, at 4 :30 p. m. there will be an important meeting in room U8 of Agricultural Hall. —ARVIDSON.
Scabbard and Blade: The meeting for Thursday, October 10, at 7:80 p. m. will be in room 808 of the Union. The selection of pledges will be announced, therefore ail members must be present or present a written excuse. —MEESE.
4-H Girls: On Friday, October 11, at 5 p. m. the 1940 State Fair girls VCill hold a picnic. All girls who plan to attend please call Mary Anne Mackey at 2181, or Martha Jane Gettinger at 2243 before Wednesday, October 9. —HOLLIS.
Delta Bho Kappa: Monday, October 7, at 4 p. m. the pledging ceremony will he held in room 308, Full attendance is required. —OSWALT.
POMM: There will/be a meeting at 4 p. m. on Tuesday, October 8, in the Armory. —McCAMMON.
NOW PLAYING
POWER ■ DAiiki BRIAN DONLEVY-JANEDARWELL-JOHN CABRADOIE > MARY ASTOR • MCENT PRICE • JEAN ROGERS • ANN TODD o«i DEAN JAGGER B.i,iury,,un«
Put Summer Clothes Away CLEAN They Wear LONGER!
for summer whites
White clothes need the finest cleaning if they are to look their best. That’s why so many people send their summer clothes to us for Sanitone cleaning. Try our Sanitone service today. See the difference for yourself.
ill;
'Ik
»'.
4M
i*'^ ^ 7 y
rl
Sunday, October 6, 1940
PURDUE EXPONENT
Derringer Holds Tigers To Five Hits; Reds Even Wprid Series
After the Detroit Tigers had jumped one game ahead of the Cincinnati club in the 1940 World Series, it was the Reds’ turn for victory in yesterday’s game, the fourth of the series. Surely and deftly, the McKecknie nine struck back at the Tigers, winning 5 to 2, which evened the series with two games each. Paul Derringer, who was driven from the box in the first game of the series, reappeared on the moimd for the Reds. Apparently wiser to the Tiger tactics, he blanketed their bats so thoroughly that only five hits were tagged from his delivery. 3tart Early The visiting Reds raided the bases during the first inning, tallying two runs for the lead they never relinquished. A walk, fielder’s choice and Ivan Goodman’s long double brought in the initial run. After advancing on an infield out, Goodman scored when Higgins erred. Goodman sparked a third inning rally which netted one run. Leading off with a single, he raced to third on Frank McCormick’s single, and scored when Ripple poked a double to left. IM Schedules SOFTBALL Monday, October 7 Biamond 1. Lambda Chi Alpha vs Tau Epsilon Phi Theta Chi vs Delta Upsilon Sigma Pi vs Sigma Alpha Mu Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Pi Kappa Phi Delta Chi vs Beta Theta Pi Phi Kappa vs Phi Kappa Psi Beta Sigma Psi vs Alpha Tau Omega Alpha Chi Rho vs Alpha Sigma Phi Sigma Chi vs Theta Tau AJpha Kappa Lambda vs Delta Tau
Delta
Kappa Delta Rho vs Triangle Phi Sigma Kappa vs Sigma Phi Ep-
silon
Kappa Sigma vs Phi Gamma Delta Alpha Gamma Rho vs Theta Xi Phi Kappa Sigma vs Sigma Nu Acacia vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon Ward 7 vs Ward 8 Ward 2 vs Ward 3 Ward 10 vs Ward 11 Ward 22 vs Ward 26 Ward 81 vs Ward 27 Ward 30 vs Ward 26 Ward 24 vs Ward 21 Ward 14 vs Ward 13 Ward 9 vs Ward 1 or 6
13. 14. 16. 16.
17 18
19. 20.
21
22.
23 24
26.
Runs, Runs A walk, sacrifice, and Greenberg’s double accounted for the Tiger’s first run. In the very next inning the Reds retaliated with a run scored on a walk, double by Myron McCormick, and keyman Goodnlan’s long fiy. The fin^l Tiger tally was a result of Higgins’ triple with one on the sacks. However, the Reds weren’t through marking up runs until after a s|ingle, wild pitch, and Myron^ McCormick’s single had driven across another run. r.o.s. Gold Peppers AnnounccL. Opening Of Balloon Sale Gold Peppers, junior co-ed honorary, held a meeting yesterday afternoon at 1:16 o’clock at the Pi Beta Phi sorority house to discuss plans for the annual balloon sale. The 12-inch balloons, to appear at the Wisconsin game, October 26, will be gold with “Yea Purdue” written on one side, and a football inscribed in black on the other side. Orders at 10 cents apiece may be placed any time before October 16 through any Gold Pepper member. Returns from the sale will be used for the organization’s scholarship fund. d.s. World-Wide Communion . . . will be taken today. During the morning worship services the respective members will join in common fellowship. Students are especially invited by the various pastors of the churches of Lafayette and West Lafayette to enter into this service. All are invited regardless of creed or church connections, e. w.n.
Gophers, Wolverines Pound Midwest Foes; NU Downs Syracuse Mitinesota 13; Nebraska 7 When the Gophers and Comhuskers lock horns in their annual tussel, crowds are thrilled for the full sixty minutes. Nebraska rushed down the field with plenty of power in the first quarter, but the attack bogged down near the six-point zone. In the second quarter Franck and Daley sparked a touchdown drive, putting the Gophers in front. Nebraska recovered the points, however, with a relentless air offense. With Bruce Smith lugging Gopher hopes, passes and line charges gave Minnesota the marginal touchdown. Michigan 21; Mich. State 14 All-American Tom Harmon had his own way against Michigan State yesterday when the Wolverines tapped the Spartans, 21 to 14. Harmon scored all of Michigan’s points on three touchdowns and three extra points. 'The first touchdown was counted by Harmon on a 13 yard run. To climax an 84 yard power drive. Terrible Tom plunged over, and the final score was achieved after an aerial bombardment 'wrecked the Spartan defense. Northwestern 40; Syracuse 0 Don Clawson and Bill DeCorrevant teamed up for an unstoppable scoring combination for the Wildcats in their victory over an outclassed eastern eleven. Although handicapped at the start by penalties, the Wildcat machine finally clicked for a touchdown after a 65 yard drive, ahd went on for five more touchdowns, r.o.s. Other scores are as follows: Illinois si; Bradley 0. Iow£ 46; South Dakota 0. Pittsburgh 19; Missouri 13. Cornell 34; Colgate 0. Fordham 20; West Virginia 7. Ohio U. 7; Butler 7. Oklahoma 29; Oklahoma A. & M. 27. Princeton 7; Vanderbilt 6. Virginia 19; Yale 14. Pennsylvania 51; Maryland 0.
Michigan State, Next Grid Opponent, Promises Powerfull Offensive Attack
Wisconsin, Indiana Exchange Schedules
Announced By Doan Announcement of the exchange schedules for the Wisconsin (Homecoming) game on October 26 and for the Indiana game on November 23 was made last night by C. S. Doan, director of University ticket sales. In order to obtaiif preferential seating by claves, the exchange of passport coupons for reserved seats will be made on the following schedule for the Wisconsin (Homecoming) game: Seniors—October 7-8 Juniors—October 9-10 Sophomores—October 14-15 Freshmen—October 16-17 For the Indiana game, coupon exchange will be made according to the following schedule: Seniors—November 4-5 Juniors—November 6-7 Sophomores—November 11-12 Freshmen—November 13-14 Students who wish to obtain seats outside the student section for either of these two games may do so upon payment of the Federal! tax. j.a.p. Dr. H. H, Remmers ... director of the division of educational reference and member of the staff (^f the division of education and applied psychology, has been elected, for a three-year period, a member of the editorial board of the American Association for Applied Psychology. The association publishes the Journal of Consiilting Psychology and the Directory of Applied Psychologists, e.w.n.
Iowa State 7; Kansas 0. Franklin-Marshall 23; Dartmouth 21. Tennessee 13; Duke 0.
Looking For Something? YOU'LL FIND IT AT THE NEW BUR-PAT STORE I THE LATEST IN JEWELRY 113 Northwestern — Phone 2523 Don and Ruthmary Voelker
See This FBEEHAN First
• Sturdy Double Spies o Heavy service stitching .# Comfortable easy fitter last e Antiqued winter weight calfskin (Tanned for velvety softness) Ask for No. 690 AnHqae Brown, No. 691 Black X-RAY FITTING A B. C Shoe Co., Inc 406 Main Street
In less than a week, next Saturday to be exact, Mai Elward’s enthusiastic bunch of gridders will invade Macklin Field in East Lansing, Michigan, for the fourth in the series of Boiler^ maker-Spartan tussels. It is the first time in the history of the two school’s rivalry that Michigan State has played host to a
Riveter squad.
Saturday’s game giving all indications of being one of the hardest games that the Boilermakers have on their schedule. The Spartans, under the tutorage of Charley Bachman, have come up with one of the finest teams in the school’s history and in their present frame of mind, promise to give the Boilermakers plenty of trouble. Not only are they anxious to avenge last year’s 20 to 7 loss in Ross-Ade Stadium, but the loss to Michigan, yesterday, gives the squad further in-
Set The Stage
Sophomore Bryan Brock, triplethreat halfback, aided in the second touchdown drive by tossing a 30yard pass to Byelene, who scampered to the Ohio State 18-yard line. Five plays later Buffington plunged over for a touchdown.
centive to make Saturday’s fracas a happy one for their Spartan fol-
lowers.
Improvement Three factors stand out in this year’s team that show improvement over the Spartan horde of last year. The punting is better, the entire squad shows an inclination to do some sharper blocking, and the backfield has given some definite indications of being faster. Michigan State can put a starting lineup of ten lettermen on the field, right halfback being the only position not fortified with a seasoned veteran. The starting line-up, ignoring injuries, is definitely settled with the exception of the aforementioned right half spot. Four sophomores are waging a cut-throat battle over this wingback position and to the present time, Walter Ball seems to have the edge over the rest. The line is a husky one, averaging close to 200 pounds, but the backfield fails to boast of a single back of over 180 pounds. Despite the lack in bulk, the ball carrying department makes up for this deficiency with an overdose of speed. Good Booting The improvement in the Spartan punting can be credited largely to Maro Miller, a ^phomore, who is one of the finest kickers that the coaching staff has looked at in a long time. Last year, the campus wag being systematically searched for anyone who could kick over 40 yards. This contrast combined with an increasing wealth in capable reserves, is one reason for Coach Bachman’s optimism. The Michigan State squad will present a starting line-up with ten of the eleven players being natives of Michigan. The lone out-of-stater is Rupp, a guard from Kentucky. Also on the squad is a set of identical twins, the Davis brothers, who play in the backfield and give the coaching staff no end of trouble in identifying them, j.dff.
TOILET SOAP
Exquisite requisites to your "soap-and-water" loveliness. A bland, long-lasting soap^-bt flower-adorned wrapping --scented with a subtle bouquet of blossoms from a gardai)' in the de^ South. The charming box opens to reveal thelanguage of the flowers that inspired die bouquet; Oxopanion fragrance to Shulton’s Old Spice. Batib soap—3 raWia $1.50. Guest soap-6 cakes $14)0!.
Clean Clothes Make Life Gayer
You get added zip and energy from Clean sparkling clothes. It makes your apparrel. Let ns put sj^arkle in your clothes and in yon.
I
CLEAN EPS
\
l^orthwestem at Vine
Piioiie40811^45, 7. "-7
^l-' :74 '%
!
,4 T
V '-f'^
m
PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday, October 6, 1940'
#
i-J^ iP
fl;!i 1 f E>: r|:"t
Riveters Defeated
(Continued from page 1)
ball in position for Langhurst's three yard scoring plunge. The score was 14 to 0 after Scott place-kicked the extra point. Riveters Score / Rivetei guns were loaded for a big offensive in the second half. Four minutes after the kickoff, Byelene sparked a drive starting in midBuckeye teriitory. Passes from Byelene to Combs and Rankin sent the ball 111 rapid flight toward the OSU goal line. Petty then pitched one to Rankin, placing the pigskin on the five. Petty cained the whole Buckeye team across with him as the Boilermakers marked up their initial touchdown. Galvin converted. An exchange of punts placed the ball two jmrds on the OSU side of midfield in Riveter possession—another drive for six points was started at the beginning of the last quarter. Bryan Brock hurled a long pass to Byelene, who advanced it to the OSU 18 yard marker. An end-around play credited Rankin with a 12 yard gain. Byelene and Buffington met strong Buckeye resistance, but the latter split the enemy lines for the six points on the third down. Schumacher was rushed into the game to kick a extra point. Score: Purdue 14; Ohio State 14. Fatal End With the final quaiter more than half gone Ohio State was on the march again. The first drive bogged down on the PU 8 yard line on a fumble, but after running back a Boilermaker punt to the Riveter 23 yard stripe. Several line smashes were unsuccessful, and Charley Maag, field goal artist, retired to the 20 yard mark where he lifted a perfect three-pointer between the uprights. Only 19 seconds remained and the desperate Riveter air attack didn’t have time to be re-organized. Final score: Ohio State 17; Purdue 14. Starting line-up for the game was
Stewart To Direct Classical Program In Ballroom Today
A TRIPLE-STAR MUSICAL THREAT
Beta Tau chapter of Psi Iota Xi, national social organiation, will present a program of light classical music for students, faculty members and friends today. The program will begin at 4 o’clock and will be held in the north ballroom of the Union, instead of the West Faculty Lounge as previously announced. Albert P. Stewart, University music director, is in charge of the program. Selections from the chorus: “Salutation” Prayer from “Hansel and Gretel” “Songs My Mother Taught Me” “In the Luxemburg Gardens” “One Sweetly Solemn Thought” “My Creed” “Faithful Forever to Psi Iota Xi”
String Trio Selections: “Romance” “Priere Paienne” “Adagietto” “Au bord d’un Ruisseau”
Piano Selections: “Concerto in G Minor” “Molto allegro con fuoro” “Andante” “Piesto. Molto allegra e vivace” Vocal Selection: “0 Lovely Night” All students, faculty and townspeople are invited to attend the program which is being sponsored by the Studfent Union, d.s.
G. H, Bush
. . , who IS in charge of the University’s school custodian training courses for the department of education and applied psychology, gave his forty-eighth custodian course in Rockville yesterday for the Parke County custodians.
as follows:
PURDUE
Pos.
OHIO S.
Rankin (C)
LE
Anderson
A. Rossi
LT
Daniell
Miller
LG
Bruckner
Axfon
C
White
Winchell
RG
Nosker
Timperman
RT
Maag
Combs
RE
Hershberger
Kersey
iQB
Scott
Galvin
HB
Fisher
Byelene
HB
Kinkade
Petty
FB
Langhurst
All freshmen women, who due to the Co-ed rush meeting are unable to attend the Science assembly Tuesday afternoon at 4 o’clock, are asked to come to the Placement Service for Women sometime Wednesday or Thursday. Irene Feldt, Director of the Placement Service for Women.
Substitutions—Purdue: I., Rossi,
Hillenbrand, Buffington, Snyder, Brock, Schumacher, Smerke, Warren, Melton, Leugo, Rush, Petty, Shimer, and Carter. Ohio State: Thom, Piccinini, Dixon, Graf, Stephenson, Fox, Sexton, Clair, Hor-
vaht, Howe, and Williams.
Kappa Kappa Gamma
. . . will give an introductory tea for Mrs. Clifford Rader, advisor for co-ed rush starting Tuesday, at 4 o’clock tomorrow afternoon in the Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority house. Pan-Hellenic members, rush captains and sorority presidents are invited. Mrs. Rader, formerly president of the National Pan-Hellenic Council, will be the first co-ed rush advisor to assist on campus. m.r.f.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Dairy Products
• Hardware
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Better Mdse.—Right Prices If It's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
• School Supplies
• Tailor
University Book Store Across from the Union Next to the College Inn M C. "Red" Sammons '29 R. W. "Doc" Epple '40
Sparrendahl Tailor Fowler Hotel Bldg SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 and up
C’MON BOILERMAICERS
LET’S MAKE HISTORY
REPEAT ITSELF
In the past we’ve showed them what it meant to he/h Boilermaker; so we can do it again this year.
After You We Come First
PETER ANDERSON CO
Phone 4048
As The Editor Sees It.. .
(Hfe Hope)
Last Saturday night the editor had us jerk the well-known “Timely Talk” head over the daily editorial and substitute “As the Editor Sees It.” He said that on game week-ends and those when things were definitely on the “gay” side—you know, “collich life”—^we’d run the latter head and a bit of patter on the week-end's fun. We thought it was a swell idea, and liked his editorial, but this week-end, darn it, he left town. We won’t let a single Boilermaker tradition die, not even one that is just a week old, so we’ll carry on. We took a beatin’ this afternoon from the Buckeyes of Ohio State. That’s tough, but still the game’s the thing. What we didn’t like was the quiet of the usually noisy Union halls, and
of West Lafayette streets. Either the student body went to Columbus to see the game, or they were studying. And the latter’s hard to believe on Saturday afternoons. We want to congratulate the Union on their “swing shows” prior to regular mixers on Friday and Saturday nights. Never have they seemed as important to us as last night, when if it hadn’t been for them, the Union would have been deserted. We weren’t able to “get around” last night, as we like to, because we were chained to our night editor’s desk, but we'll wager a pretty penny that everyone just didn’t stay in and “moon” about the results of that heart-breaking game this afternoon, as we did. Of course, this is strictly “off the record.” But just remember. Homecoming (when we play Wisconsin) and the Indiana game are in the ever-growing-nearer future. Then, we’ll be on a par with all the lads and lassies who travel over the country with our team. We’ll all stay home, and have fun. Here’s looking forward! Darn that Ohio State, anyhow.—^j.a.p.
Alpha Lambda Delta Initiates 13 Today
Virginia C. Meredith Ctub To Give Tea Tomorrow
This morning at 9 o’clock in the East Reception Room of the Union, Alpha Lambda Delta, freshman women’s honorary, will initiate 13 members. Following the initiation a breakfast for the new initiates and actives will be held in the old Chestnut Room. Eligibility for membership in the organization requires a 6.00 scholarship index for either of the two freshmen semesters. Women who will be initiated include Betty Brown, Ruth Walker, Geneva Heath, Mary Catherine Virtue, Phillis Hyde, Carolyn McCrary, Monica Buergler, June Goodman, Gail Hennis, Jeanette Parker, Margie Buntain, Rober-
All home economics students are invited to attend the Virginia C. Meredith club tea to be held tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock in the Home Economics Auditorium. The tea is to acquaint freshmen women with the activities of the organization ahid give them an opportunity to meet upperclass members. In addition to the introduction of officers and a pep talk by one of the club members the following program has been planned, a harp duet by Evelyn Gullion and Jean Miller, and a monologue to be read by Marjorie Williamson. j.f.
We Hafed To See
ta Kessler and Anna Deane Ramsey. d.s.
. . . tradition take a tumble, buf; then we are glad to see that the allcampus show this Thanksgiving Day won’t be “off color.” As we see it, “Everything But Onions” is much more appropriate than the standard “Black a,nd Tan Fantasy” for Thanksgiving Day. Gad, but how onions stink.
Triple-strike song and dane threat . . . Judy Garland, Mickey Rooney and June Preisser who run the gamut of the entertainment field in the new all-star, all-youth musical treat, “Strike Up the Band,” opening today on the Lafayette screen. Paul Whiteman and his famous orchestra are also featured in the gay new attralction.
Play A "CLEAN” Game
Enjoy the thriUs of fall sport in smart clean clothes—snappy and bright looking. The zest of vigorous play is enhanced with clothes dry cleaned for perfect neatness, for durable comfort.
riWC CLEAWNBS OF FINE CLOTHES
(x^hi^ waJiL? SubMhibsL Jto JthsL ^xpomnL h)daj^!
is
it*.
4 /
A 1,
n-
4 >•
4*
.4
44
44
ll