e the Purdue Exponent
SUNDAY February 20, 1938 Lafayette, Indiana VOL. 49 No. 116
ioilsmliers Um Uiscosisii, 46-39
The Week’s NEWS
Indiana Folofics Old figures, long prominent in Indiana political circles, reappeared in news headlines this week. Traveling by water, air, and land, ex-Governor McNutt, High Commissioner of the Philippines, arrived in Indianapolis late Friday night. Mentioned as possible successor to the Democratic blessings (and votes) accorded Senator VanNuys six years ago, McNutt’s nahie also has often appeared as a likely Presidential candidate.
On the eve of McNutt’s Indianapolis reception (his Washington “coming out party” is due later) Indiana Senator Sherman Minton was also suggested as potential Democratic Presidential timber.
Raging hot and loud is Senator VanNuy’s “direct-by-mail” campaign to retain his Senate seat. Rising in Administration disfavor since his strong opposition to the Supreme Court re-organization plan, VanNuys definitely will not have the support of the Democratic party leaders. Prom his Washington office this week came 100,000 letters, enclosing pledge cards, to Indiana voters. VanNuys calls this group of receivers the Independent Committee of 100,000.
Republican war-horse “Big Jim” Watson announced Friday that he will be a candidate for nomination to his old Senatorial berth at next June’s Republican State Convention. Watson is 73, served as Indiana Senator from 1916 to 1932.
Walter F. Bossert, former member of the Indiana State Republican Committee, also announced his candidacy this week for Republican nomination to the U. S. Senate this year. Washington Propelled from the 75th Congress this week was the third major farm bill of the Roosevelt Administration. Aimed at regulating the production and prices of the four major U. S. crops—corn, wheat, cotton, tobacco—the measure is bTanded as dangerously dictatorial by opponents. More than 15,000 people will be employed to carry out the provisions and en(Continued on page 2)
Ribbi Silver Will Lecture In Fowler Hal! Today; University Cboir To Sing With the University’s 150 voice choir singing the processional, “America the Beautiful,” another religious convocation will begin in Eliza Fowler Hall at 10:30 this morning. Rabbi Abba Hillel Silver, discussing “What Is Permanent In Character?” will be the convocation speaker. Dr. Silver has been one of the most popular speakers at the religious convocations for the past two years. Last year he spoke on “The Human Yearning for Other Horizons.” Rabbi of one of the largest liberal Jewish congregations in America and the author of several books on religious topics. Dr. Silver is known as a man wide awake to the social and economic problems and movements of the pres-
ent day.
Zionist Leader He is one of the^ foi’emost leaders of the Zionist movement in this country and is on the national child labor commission, the commission on militarism in education, the American civil liberties union, the national World Court Committee, and the national committee mobilization of human needs. Rabbi Silver is a native of Lithuania, but has been in this country since his childhood. He is now affiliated with a Cleveland, 0., synagogue, called “The Temple.”
Anthems
The University choir, under the direction of A. P. Stewart, will
RfiBBl SnAfER.
sing two anthems, "Cast Thy Burden Upon the Lord,” and “Bless the Lord.” The former was written by Mendelssohn; the latter, by
Ipp olitoff -Ivanolf.
The choir will close today’s religious convocation program •with the hymn “Sweet Hour of Prayer.”
Blacky Cream, Aluminum Will Be Theme Of New Lafayette Theater
By Fred Beneath the long, gray boom of a powerful hoist, men were maneuvering new, red I-beams into position for lifting and placing on the steel framework of the new Fourth Avenue Amusement Company theater. In a gray shack built out into the street we found the men who were in charge of the undertaking, and it was from the contractor, K. H. Kettelhut, that we gathered the following information. The building is being built for the Loeb Reality Company which will lease it to the Fourth Avenue Amusement Company of Louisville, owners of the Mars and Luna theaters, and, according to the contractor, sl>ould b^ finished in May or June.^ j Modernistic Front The front of the theater, facing Main street, will be constructed of
black structural glass, ■with the box office and doors trimmed in aluminum. The building material for the front of the theater, above the marquis, is black terra cotta and cream glazed brick. Fireproof and modern, this theater with its interior planned to be very similar to that of the Mars will hold an audience of 1,200 persons, only 200 less than the capacity of the Mars. Old Edifice Condemned An old church, later renovated into the Family theater, was condemned and torn down to provide the site for the new structure. This building was estimated to fie over 80 years old. J. W. Holman, Nashville, Tenn., architect, designed the new theater and K. H. Kettelhut, contractor, is building it, ■with A. E. Kemmer constructing the structural steel work.
Young Clinches Victory By Scoring 5 Points In Closing Hinutes Of Play Holding on to a lead they garnered early in the game, the Boilermakers defeated Wisconsin, 46-39, last night in a fast and furious return game at Madison, Wisconsin, to retain second position in the Big Ten behind the Wildcats, whc defeated Indiana at Evanston.
After jumping out in front in the fii’st five minutes, the Badgers soon relinquished the lead to Purdue and never regained it, though twice they came to within two points of the Boilermakers.
Badgers Take Lead
Powell was the main threat of the Badgers, piling up 16 points during the contest, and continually dropping in baskets which kept Wisconsin in the running. The game started slowly, but Powell finally batted in a rebound to start the scoring. Rooney made a free throw, then Powell quickly followed with another two-pointer to put the home team out in front, 6-0, in the first five minutes of
play.
In the closing minutes of the first half Powell, Rooney, and Davis brought the home team to within two points of Purdue. Jewell ' Young stopped the barrage with a basket, and Powell dropped in a free throw to make the score 19-16 in favor of the Boilermakers at the half. Dickinson and Fisher started the second half in place of Beretta and Sines, respectively. Fisher and Young proceeded to give the Gold and Black a 7-point lead as each dropped in a basket to open the second period. During the next five minutes the Gold and Black drew away from the Badgers, bringing the count to 41-32. The Boilermakers took time out with only one minutes and fortyfive seconds left to" play with only a 41-39 lead. The rest had its desired effect as Young made a free throw and followed ■with two baskets before the gun sounded to give the Boilermakers a 46-39 victory.
Other Scores Northwestern, 62; Indiana, 41. Illinois, 42; Ohio State, 34. Minnesota, 28; Michigan, 26. Chicago, 38; Iowa, 36.
Indiana Weather
Forecast: Cloudy today preceded by snow in the east portion, becoming unsettled tomorrow. Probably rain or snow in west portion. No decided change in temperature.
Sobbard And Blade Announces Pledges Formally pledged to Scabbard and Blade at 7:30 p. m. Friday in the Memorial Union Building, the following list of students and faculty members were presented at the military honorary’s annual formal dance in the Union ballroom following the pledging cere-
monies.
Band Members:
R. P. Anthes, F. C. Baase, and
W. H. Smith.
Associate Faculty Members: Professors G. A. Hawkins, A. P. Poorman, and G. A. Young. Junior Cadet Officers: P. E. Brumfield, D. W. Clugston, R. B. Coen, J. T. Donovan, M. E. Flater, R. E. Hall, J. E. Hammer, R. R. Hannas, G. V. Hutchens, L. E. Keck, J. H. Kline. R. B. Langohr, H. W. Lownie, J. W. Mackie, G. W. Matthews, H. R. Mitchell, R. L. Richardson, R. J. Ruth, R. M. Sasser, T. L. Tomaszewski, L. L. Treece, J. E. Tryon, D. R. Vance, B. D. Witwer, and R. C. Zimmer. Bray Addresses New York Alumni In a talk before the Purdue alumni of Western New York at Niagara Falls Friday, Dr. J. L. Bray, head of the school of chemical and melollurgxcal engineering, spoke of the expansion in recent years of the fiield of chemical in-
dustry.
“A fastidious public that insists upon fine living in the terms of chemical improvement” has accelerated this rise, he said. Such a public, requiring that its needs be “served in terms of stainless steel, electrolytid zinc and cellophane has caused the profession of chemical engineering to be skyrocketed into great popularity,” was his contention. Exhibiting enrollment records at Purdue, Dr. Bray stated that the seniors in chemical engineering 10 years ago numbered 25, whereas now there are 90 enrolled and “it has become necessary to place a limit on enrollment.”THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
Sunday, February 20, 1938
WAPI Will Hail Purdue This Evening Radio station WAPI of Birmingham, Ala., will dedicate a 30 minute program to Purdue student and faculty personalities and points of interest tonight, according to a station representative who visited the University campus this week. The broadcast will come over the station’s assigned frequency of 1140 kilocycles from 11:30 to midnight (CST). J. A. Esiey Will Give Business Talk Today Prof. J. A. Estey, head of the history and economics department, will speak tonight at the Sunday evening supper club of the Central Presbyterian Church on the subject “What’s Wrong with Business ?” The supper club, which is to meet in the Education Building of the church, will start serving at 6 p. m. There will be a charge of 15 cents per plate. Activity Bureau Will Be Permanent Union Service The Student Activity Bureau will become a permanent department of the Student Union, it was recently announced by L. A. Jacobson, Union vice-president in charge. The bureau will operate continuously throughout the school year. Already several activities have equaled their number of position aspirants of last year. Freshmen may call between 4 and 5 p. m. at the office, which is adjacent to the browsing room, to choose their activity.
MIRIAM HOPKINS —and— ROSCOE EARNS MARSHA HUNT Vs
Music Series Continues in Union Today At Four This afternoon at 4 p. m. in the Union music room, Mrs. Veronica Jordan Ricks will be featured with three University students on the regular Sunday afternoon music program. Mrs. Ricks, daugnter of Dean C. B. Jordan, of the pharmacy school, will sing selections from Wagner, Debussy, Wolf, and Brahms. She will be accompanied by Ruth Jamieson. The three University students will give brief solo exhibitions on unusual musical iristruments. Woodrow Rifenburg will play the viola, George Jaap, bassoon, and R. A. Peterson, French horn.
Sipa Delta Chl Cup The Franklin Evening Star, last Friday, was awarded a cup given by the Purdue chapter of Sigma Delta Chi, national journalistic honorary, for the best state newspaper in cities of less than 6,000 persons. The award was made at
the Hoosier State Press Association meeting held in Indianapolis. A. H. Forster, president of the local chapter, and University representative, made the award. Following the award, delegates were shown a model initiation of Sigma Delta Chi. WILL, WBAA To Continue Exchange Of Programs “For the second consecutive semester WBAA will give programs picked up by WILL, Illinois University’s broadcasting station,” stated G. D. Williams, program director of WBAA, recently. This educational program exchange brought six programs to the Illinois station last semester. During the current semester WILL will re-broadcast four WBAA programs each week. WILL has discontinued the broadcasting of popular music. This change was made by a vote taken on the Illinois campus.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
AGECILB.DeMILLE Production FREDIIt MARCH "mrmeiemm ojmr Akim TAMIROFF • Margot GRAHAME • Walter BRENNAN
—PLUS— All Color Musical “Sunday Night at Trocedaro” With Connie Boswell —and— Stars, Stars and Stars
NOW SHOWING HAQC
L. W, Kennedy To Join Staff At Antioch College Lloyd W. Kennedy, Ag. ’36, will join the staff of Antioch College at Yellow Springs, O., tomorrow. He will be in charge of the college hybrid corn project. For the past 18 months Mr. Kennedy has been working with the agronomy extension department of Ohio State University,
Marwood Co-operative House Celebrated. . . ... its first anniversary last night by electing new officers for the ensuing year. The following were elected: W. B. Boothby, president; G. E. Sears, vice-president; R. W. Holmes, secretary; R. M. Mclntire, treasurer; J. D. Lynch, kitchen manager; E. Brewer, house manager; C. J. Lupear, controller; and L, G. Hart, bookkeeper.
LUUA STARTS TODAYSunday, February 20, 1938
THE PUHDUE EXPONENT
t
Wisconsin Wins Track Meet Purdue Second
Knapp Takes First In Two Mile; Lemen Enters Five Events
Fifth Sellout Crowd Awaits Quintet's Return Game With Ohio State Tomorrow
Varsity To Seek Revenge Fgr Last Week's Defeat
By B. D. Witwer Just a week ago yesterday, Purdue’s basketball squad gave its worst show of the year as it fell before an Ohio State team, 37-26. Tomorrow night it will have an opportunity to atone for that defeat before the fifth straight sellout crowd of 8,500 in the Boilermaker’s new Fieldhouse. Looking over the results of last week’s game, it can be inferred from the scores of the halves that the West basket in the Colosseum at Columbus had a jinx on both teams. When Ohio State started out with this basket as its goal, it was outscored, 21-12, and looked definitely inferior to the apparently victory-bound Purdue team. Change Baskets '^hen when Purdue'got the West basket at the change after the half, it looked like a different outfit as it was able to make only 8 points, while the Buckeyes rolled up a total of 28. There was no rhyme or reason for the sudden change of form on the part of both teams. As the Ohio State cagers started hitting
the basket and narrowing the Purdue lead, “Piggy” Lambert threw his first reserves of the game into the fray in an attempt to hit a combination which would stop the inspired Buckeye drive, but to no
avail.
Instead of the Boilermakers making a last minute scoring spree as they had in many past games, Ohio State turned the tables by adding to their score consistently while the frantic Purdue cagers tried to start a rally but were only able to connect with a few scattered shots. Home Inspiration Perhaps playing on their home floor before a cheering crowd of Purdue rooters will imbue Lambert’s proteges with that something which was lacking last week. Big Ten Standings W. L. Pet. Northwestern . .. 7 1 .875 Purdue 6 2 .750 Minnesota 5 3 .625 Ohio State 5 4 .556 Michigan 4 4 .500 Wisconsin 4 5 .444 Iowa 4 5 .444 Indiana 3 5 .375 Illinois 3 6 .333 Chicago 1 7 .125
HERE'S THE SHOW FROM RHYTHM ROW! WHO'S IN IT
: Buster West, Melissa Masuu-^and—> Hal Kemp And His Orchestral
STARTS TODAY Extra Joe Palooka Comedy
While Purdue’s basketball team was beating Wisconsin, Purdue’s track team was losing to the same school but was beating Chicago in the inaugural track meet in the new Fieldhouse. Wisconsin finished out in front with 49% points, with Purdue following with 32%, and Chicago, 28. The Boilermakers took first place in the shot put, the two mile relay, and tied Wisconsin for first place in the first event of the evening, the one mile team race. Four Seconds Purdue went on to take seconds in the high hurdle shuttle relay, the mile relay, the two mile team race, and the low hurdle shuttle relay. The one mile team race, opening up the track festivities for the evening, was featured by a duel between Fenske of Wisconsin and Knapp of Purdue. Fenske drew away, however, near the finish and crossed the tape with a good lead. Knapp Wins Knapp came back, however, to feature the two mile team race and carry off a first place. This time he fought Farin of Wisconsin for the lead and finally beat him out at the close by a yard. The time was 10:02.8. Padway, another Badger star, gave the best individual performance as he cleared 13 feet, 6 inches in the pole vault. Bob Lemen, Purdue’s co-captain, drew best all around honors as he entered five events and placed high in them all. 'fake Relay In the last running event, the two mile relay, Purdue took an early lead as Gaulke stepped out, and Terhune, Marozick, and Bodeau kept the lead to beat out Chicago by 30 yards and Wisconsin by 90 yards. Purdue had two of the best times out of a possible six based on individual performances rather than a team basis. Also the score of the meet figured on the regular basis was Wisconsin, 49 4-5; Purdue, 25, 4-5; and Chicago, 23 2-5. Indiana Freshmen Defeat Tankmen Indiana’s freshman swimming team literally swamped Purdue’s yearlings yesterday afternoon in a telegraphic meet by the score of 60-15. Outside of the relays, the Boilermakers were only able to get one second place in the meet, that one place being in the 200 yard breast stroke. Indiana took first and second in all other events.
Chicago Downs Fencers
Ward, All-Campus Badminton Tilts Will Start Soon
Now that the first phase of the badminton season has been drawn to a close by the finish of the interfraternity matches, the second and third divisions will open up in the near future to accommodate those Ward and All-Campus men who are interested in the competition. Lists are posted on the bulletin board outside of the intramural office in the men’s new gymnasium and anyone interested can sign up immediately. Play will be started as soon as 30 or more men have indicated their desire to partici-
pate.
Medals will be given to those players who demonstrate their skill by winning their way into the finals. Frosli Will Oive Pre-6ime Sbw As a preliminary to the PurdueOhio State basketball game on Monday night, two picked teams from the freshman varsity squad will meet in a regulation game beginning at 6 o’clock, according to arrangements completed by Head Freshman Coach “Dutch” Fehring. The appearance of the yearlings before the varsity battle with the Buckeyes will afford an opportunity for Boilermaker followers to catch an action glimpse of the squad that will provide Purdue’s basketball insurance in the future. For the purposes of the interfreshman game, the squad has been divided into two groups, the “Reds” and the “Greens.” Both squads contain a number of names familiar to the followers of Indiana high school basketball. “Red” Lineup The starting lineup for the Red team will be selected from a group made up of Bob Igney, Rossville; Rex Chamberlin, Lafayette; and Phil Gutting, Shelbyville, forwards; Red Swarts, McCordsville; and Paul Hardy, Elkhart, centers; Clay Rechenbach, Bright; Keith Correll, Oblong, 111., and Bob Brough, Logansport, guards. The Green squad will include Champ Witsman, Frankfort; Jim Bosse, Evansville; Dode Bausman, Rensselaer; and Leon Schlater, Earl Park, forwards; Jake Weber, Plainfield, center; Bob Stalling^, Huntington; Paul Pauline, Terre Haute; Matt Brinduse, Anderson; and Ed Rohrbaugh, Logansport, guai’ds.
Coach Finney’s Boilermaker fencing team received its first Big Ten setback yesterday afternoon in the Fieldhouse when it fell before Chicago, 11-6, before a capacity crowd in the fencing room. Strauss, the Maroon’s foil star, was the highlight of the afternoon when he won all three of his bouts in the foil competition. Besides showing brilliance with the foils, he also proved to be an excellent
sportsman.
McWilliams Wins McWilliams, of Purdue,, proved to be the Old Gold and Black’s sur-prise-man of the meet, by defeating George, the Chicago team’s point-grabbing foil man. Up until his meeting with McWilliams, George had but one Boilermaker to touch him in two fights, having won them by the scores of 5-0 and 5-1, but McWilliams stepped onto the strip and took the fray, 5-4. Up to this meeting McWilliams had lost two bouts by wide mar-
gins.
Going into the epee competition, it began to appear as if the Boilermakers would have to be content with a small score in each division, but with a rejuvenated spirit the Purdue fencers, led by the performances of Levin and Matthews, captured three bouts to the Chicago swordsmen’s one. Before going into the Chicago meet, the Purdue fencers had met and defeated Northwestern, Illinois, and Ohio State. The meet between Purdue and Wisconsin ended in a tie; so the Boilermaker Big Ten standing reads three won, one tie, and one defeat. Summaries: Foil—Chicago, 7; Purdue, 2. Sabre—Chicago, 3; Purdue, 1. Epee—Chicago, 1; Purdue, 3. WAA To Start Bowling Leagye Thursday Night Thursday at 7 p. m.. Women’s Athletic Association will inaugurate a bowling tournament in the Union alleys. Any sorority, organized house, ward, or hall may enter the tournament with a five girl team. Those who enter will be divided into three leagues, and the winner of each league will enter the final round. An individual contest will be conducted along with the team tournament. Any member of WAA may report her scores to the manager of the alleys, R. Stuckey, who will post them. The girl with the highest individual score at the end of the intramural tournament will receive 100 WAA participation points and the runner-up will receive 75 points. Teams who desire to enter must call Pauline George before noon February 21. To date, 15 teams are entered.TYPEWRITERS—Adding machines, sold, pui’chased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
LOST—Slide rule bearing the name H. K. Larsen. Will finder please call 6996.
ROOM AND BOARD—For students. Single bed. 346 Northwestern Avenue.
Roommate wanted by junior EE. Large room, twin beds, 306 North Grant. Phone Coling, 3825.
Military Boxers: ROTC boxing candidates scheduled to fight in the ROTC semi-finals, see Coach Maxwell at the Aimory Monday, Febiuary 21. The fol lowing are qualified to enter the semifinals: 115 pounds—Grubbs, Freeman Morgan, Curtner; 125 pounds—Jones, Robson, Howlett, Keenan; 136 pounds Marson, Meyer, Poll, Marshall, Danton, Ryan , 146 pounds—Woodhull, Gardner, Taylor, Breen, Karnisky; 160 pounds— Nau, Brunn, Hussung, Powell; 175 pounds —Winchell, Axton, Byelene, Yeager, Hertzing, Lukawski, Henderson; heavyweight —Maudlin, Mann, Thayer, Jackewicz, Seymour. —HAYFORD.
Purdue Union of Jewish Youth: Meeting Sunday, February 20, in room A of the Union Building at 3 o’clock. —HONOROFF
Lutheran Students’ Club: Reorganization meeting in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building on Sunday, February 20, at 7 :30 p. m. —BRANDT, PUTZ.
WSGA Office Committee: The following girls please report to WSGA office Monday, February 21, at 4 p m. • Ainsworth Voelkel, Burnham, Ballard, Lewis, Hunt, Thrasher, Hollingsworth, Black, Rector, Limpus, LeBeouf, Schueler, Klepper. —MASTERS.
WSGA: The following girls report to loom B of the Union Monday, February 21, at 4 p. m.: Stewart, Delaplane, McLeod, Pyke, Light, DeWitt, Mounce, Cromer, Jarrett, Small, Holden, Slocum, ParIon, Townsend, Wien, McKee, Hamilton, Bain, Elstun, and Terstige —RITCHIE.
Members of Peg Fairfax Cast: Meeting m room B of the Union at 4 p. m Monday, February 21 —RITCHIE.
Badminton Club Aspirants: A meeting for the purpose of drafting a constitution and other business will be held in the reception room of the Union at 3 p. m. Sunday, February 20. Those who were not at the last meeting should be present. The faculty is urged to attend. —BILLINGS.
Sportswomen: Meet Sunday, February 20, at 8 a. m. in the Union Grill. —TUBBS.
WAA Volleyball: Games to be played Monday, February 21, at 4 p. m,: freshmen 1 vs freshmen 2, sophomore 1 vs. seniois ; 4:30 p. m.: juniors vs. freshmen 3, freshmen 1 vs. freshmen 3. —RODERICK. WAA To Compete In Play Day Games At Chicago U. Two WAA basketball teams of 25 co-eds each will journey to Chicago March 5 to participate in a Play Day sponsored by the Women’s Athletic Association of the University of Chicag'o. The University plans to charter a bus, which will leave early Saturday morning. There will be three special practices next week: tomorrow at 4:80 p. m., Thursday at 8 p. m., and Saturday at 1 p. m. The squads w'ill be chosen Saturday.
Beautiful Alice Faye in her firat starring role itt "You’re A Sweetheart”produced by Univeisal
The Week’s NEWS
[Continued from page 1) f01 cement of the half-million dollar progiam.
Senators turned thumbs down on the Anti-Lynching bill Tuesday when they refused to vote on the “gag” rule to stop lengthy filibustering. Morale of bill advocates hit a new low with this unsuccess ful attempt to call a vote. Majority Leader Barkley heralded this action as the forerunner of defeat for the entire measure.
Before leaving lor his Hyde Park estate Friday, the President submitted a plan calling for balance of prices as his solution for current recession problems. His puipose is to effect a rise in prices of raw products and finished goods; present high prices, such as those in the building industry, need go no higher. On Wall Street, stocks declined as the news came through. Business men complained that the President’s statement was too vague to help markets. Democratic office holders were likewise disappointed by the vagueness of the President’s program to dissipate a depression that imperils their political lives.
House approval for the Presidentially - proposed $250,000,000 supplemental relief program came Wednesday. Major measure changes were overridden, but relief to aliens—temporary residents in this country—is barred. Final approval of the bill will make WPA funds available for 750,000 workers. Business Secretary of Commerce Roper’s business advisory council suggested this week that the government change its way of handling labor disputes. Friday the council proposed to President Roosevelt five changes they believe will remove the labor
partisanship generally conceded to exist in the adjministration of the Wagner Labof Relations Act. They believe no labor organization should be favored; unions as well as employers should be restrained from coercion; employers as well as employees should be allowed to request the labor board’s services; the fact-finding agency in a labor dispute should be separate from the agency passing judgment; the rights and obligations of all parties involved should be more clearly defined by law.
Hoosier brewers are seeking the aid of Ohio distributors in their fight against a $1,500 annual license fee assessed distributors handling Indiana beer. Attorneys expressed the belief that any court suits brought by the Indiana producers can not be taken to the Federal courts as the order deals exclusively with Ohio liquor control. National Floods, blizzards, and tornados lavaged wide sections of seven states this week, as Old Man Winter went on a late-season rampage. California, after 19 consecutive days of continued onslaught from rains, gales, blizzards, and snows, enjoyed a little of her widely advertised sunshine Tuesday. Meanwhile 800 Grand Rapids, Mich., workers built sandbag dykes around their city’s waterfront as Grand River rose to fiood levels—^highest in a quarter century. Early Wednesday rehabilitation began there as the typhoid bearing waters ceased their advance. Twisting tornado winds dipped into Rodessa, La., late Thursday night, killing 25, leveling this oil boom town, and roaring on at express train speed through six southwestern states. Texas, Arkansas, Louisiana, Oklahoma, Kansas, and Missouri all got their taste of tornado, then found floods and a blizzard adding to the havoc Saturday. More than 1,000 families abandoned lowland homes in bitterly cold weather to gather at hastily organized camps m the cities and hills.
“MAN, young, unreliable, dishonest, lazy, doesn’t want position, but needs one; asst, mgr., personal consultant, etc., short hours, big pay. ME. 2830,” ran a classified ad in a Cleveland, Ohio, newspaper this week. Andy Habinek, the lazy one, found 76 persons willing to hire him on the strength of these references.
O. O. “Odd” McIntyre died of a heart attack Tuesday at the age of 54, terminating a 26 year career of columnizing “New York Day by Day.” Distrustful of doctors, McIntyre passed away quietly in his Park Avenue apartment, attended only by his wife. Foreign Nazism dominating creed spread over Austria early this week, leav-
ing only a remnant of the former independence enjoyed by Austrians since the World War, Adolph Hitler Wednesday appointed five pro-Nazi members to the cabinet of his once native Austria. Italy views Germany’s move with approval. This is a departure from the Italian policy that in 1936 balked against Nazification of Austria. Neutral foreign observers believe Mussolini desires Germany's okeh on greater Afiican colonization. London and Paris alieady have a bad case of the jitters over the whole thing. A serious break in the English cabinet is imminent, according to latest reports from the British Isles. Prime Minister Chamberlain and Foreign Minister Eden disagree over friendly
gestures to Italy.
Shattering speed records, six U. S. bombers- landed Friday in Buenos Aires, Argentina, after a 4,-895-mile hop from Miami, Fla. The airmen, good-will agents, will participate today in the inauguration of Roberto Oritz as president of Argentina. In plane No. 180 flew Indiana’s Lt. Richard S. Freeman \ of Winamac,
War-torn China witnessed the first major shake-up in the Nipponese forces late this we«k as General Matsui of the Japanese aimy in Central China was replaced by Gen. Shunroka Hata. Despite press reports to the contrary, Kokyo is not pleased with the surprise advances made this week by the Chinese.
the Puriiue Exponent
Service Directory
Bookstores
“DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. BISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701 —■ Furniture — Student Equipment £0^ J-juAmiuM £0. 425 Columbia St. Phone 2728
Dine —
Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERBHDW. 822 MAIN
— Florist
DINE DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Lindbergh Road Have Your BEST MEAL at the NU CHINA CAFE 409 Columbia
dhih J'hii&i Inc. 635 Main St. in Lnna Theatre Buildintr Phone 7955—8050
— Locksmith — F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths Automobile key and lock service our specialty. L. C. N. Door Closer Distribntors 208-211 N. 5th St., Phone 2828
— Printing —
□
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE _
Office Staiioneiy . Wedding Invitations
PHONE ^ Sales Book., Etc.,
2 62 8 CASSEL’S 408FERRY
— Beauty Studio
•
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE
•
Co-ed Special, Thurs. - Fri. KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727