^'f i, !> ^ ^ I-tf/ji ™' / ’" J » T -"^ ^ V/' *
,f*f !, 1 lij*' ", " i'f tt S * x" ' ‘ i ■’ ‘
-.4,
t-*
V ? #L
ieannie (^Lauer
!i.n-
\
A*I
—PHdTO BY ARCHIBALD ... chosen “Miss Blarney Stone” by local Irishmen is just a sample of the “stuff” in the “Morning Shamerock” tomorrow. Copies will sell for only* a nickel all over Ute campus. Norman Hackett To Speak At Greek Week Banquet Norman Hackett, nationally prominent fraternity organizer, is scheduled to be the principal speaker at the third annual Interfratemity Banquet to be held in the South Ballroom of the Union this evening at 6 o'clock. The banquet is to climax “Fra- r—
ternity Education Week,” a series of pr<^riims designed to promote friendship and co-operation among the fraternities on the campus. Over nine hundred members are expected to attend. Faculty will be represented by Dr. Scheuch, R. B. Stewart, Stewart and Dean Fisher. Former Shakespearean Actor Hackett’s experiences provide ample background for the talk he will give, “Fraternities as I see them.” He retired from the legitimate stage ten years ago, after enjoying a long and prominent career with Shakespearean groups, his own companies, and in New York productions. Upon the decline of the stage he became interested in the American College Fraternity. He is the Graduate Secretary of Theta Delta Chi and IS active in that organization. He figures prominently in the National Interfraternity Conference, serving on the executive council and other committees. Each fraternity will be represented by all their pledges, new initiates, and at least five members of their active chapters. Tickets, priced at one dollar, were purchased at the chapter houses last week. r.r.r. Wesley Players Will Give One-Act Peace Play April 6 The one-act play, “The Upited States vs Arle Brooks,” will be given Sundhy evening, April 6, at the Tlnlvertfity church at 8 o’clock, it was announced by the University Peace Committee. Kermetb Broome will act as coach of the technical directioM by the Wesley Players. All seats will be reserved, and free tickets will be distributed through the Foundations. j.s,f.
Gestapo Jails U. S. Reporter On Spy Charge By David M. ^ichol SPECIAL RADIO To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service Copyright, 1941 Chicago Daily News, Inc Berlin, March 16. — Richard C. Hottelet, 24-year-old newspaperman from Brooklyn, was arrested by the Gestapo today and held on a charge, according to the afternoon newspapers, of “strong suspicion of espionage ” Authorized German quarters said the arrest had nothing to do with Hottelet’s activities as a reporter or with his connection with the United Press, im"whose Berlin bureau he worked. “It is concerned only with his activities outside the sphere of j’ournalism and distincjt from the United Press,” it was said. It was officially denied that the detention was in any way a reprisal for the proceedings against German newspapermen in the United States. Details of Charges Sought Officials of the American embassy aiid consulate here immediately undertook to obtain a more definite distinction of the charges agdinst Hottelet. Whatever their exact nature may be, the move comes at the end of a week that has been marked by steadily mounting tension from the Berlin end, as •wf&ll as m Washington, on German-Ameri-can relationships. Superficially the situation remains unchanged here, but there has been a growing coolness around relations of individual Americans.
Rebe//fon Sweeps Eire; Expect Campus Outburst Tomorrow
By Ed Eieper Dublin, March 16. — (Special to the Purdue Exponent) — Internal fremors swept the land of Eire last night. Fighting broke out in several towns outside Dublin. Usually reliable sources claim that the effects of the rebellion will be felt in the United States, particularly the Purdue University campus, in the form of an exposure of the behind the scene life of the University's leading Irishman (Joe Dolan iiS not onie of them)x The Morning Shamerock combined with the Dally Shillalah, the explosive publication intended to send every loyal wearer of the green rolling down the campus or down the aisle, was printed in deadly fear of O’Fisher and O’Stratton’s combined Gestapo and OGPU on a secret printing press in the backwoods of
Tippecanoe County, Indiana, Illicit Stuff Out\Monday A raid early ^ this morning destroyed the printing equipment, but not before a limited number of the publications were removed to the secret hangout. H ^O’Stratton's agents do not discover the present hiding place, the remaining copies of the Morning Shamerock-eombined with the Daily Shillalah will be put on sale tomorrow, Monday, at 8 o’clock for one half dime or five cents, or one nickel. The fifth columnists behind the paper were afraid to divluge the contents of the paper, but after a rigorous third degree session, they did admit this paper is different from any edition of any paper ever appearing on this campus and contains everjrthing anybody could desire in one volume.
* ^ A *
Z-18S
xfuuie4ii § DailvSIiiMlM
VdluxUe 52, No. 13d
West Lcdoy^tte, Indiana
Sunday, Mordi 16, 1641
4,500 ‘Folks’ See Uniee Shew
Symphony Presents Capers Award Eve Curie's Subied Request Seledions Decker Plaque For Convo Tuesday In Music Hall Today To Chi Omega- 'Women In Science'
Audience Fails To Appreciate Harem-Scarem
Fabien Sevitzky Directs Indianapolis'Orchestra Presenting an all-request program, Fabien Sevitzky will direct the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra "of 86 musicians this afternoon at 3 o’clock in the Hall of Music. Numbers for the program have been selected from 1,000 requests made since the orchestra’s last appearance on the campus, Tuesday, November 19. The program is composed of “Bolero” by Ravel, “La Mer” by Debussey, “Fugue For Eighteen Violins” by Dubensky and “Symphony No. 2” by Sibelius. Members of the Northwest Indiana Section of the Indianapolis Symphony brchestra Society Women’s Committee are sponsoring the program. Orchestra Reorganized For seven years after the founding of the orchestra in 1930 it remained a semi-professional co-op-erative organization. After the appointment of Sevitzky as conductor in 1937, a reorganization was made and the orchestra has since been operating on a professional basis. During the sixty weeks of its three seasons, the orchestra has presented 119 full concerts in 3 states, and has broadcast over 3 major networks. All students, faculty, and townspeople are invited to attend* the program, for which seats are available at the west desk or at the door tomorrow. BUlcony seats are 60 cents and main-floor seats are one dollar. Frank Leahy Talks At Annual Football Clinic When the tenth annual Purdue Football Clinic convenes here the week-end vof April 4 and 5, Frank Leahy, newly 'appointed football coach and athletic director at Notre Dame wijl be one of the principal speakers. Boilermaker- athletic director Mai Elward made this announcement yesterday in the hope that the clihiC will have a notable and successful coach as a keynoter. Leahy took over at the South Bend institution after Elmer Layden resigned the Irish coaching job to take the position as Pr^essional Football Commissioner. Under Leahy, the Eagles of Boston College became one of the major powers in the East. For two regulation seasons they were Undefeated, meeting the best opposition in their sector and also attempting occasional intersectiottal contests. Leahy Shows ^Bm How Culminating a highly successful career at BC,^ Leahy tutored his eleven to a 19 to 13 Sugar Bowl victory over Bob Neyland’s Tennessee Vols. He is renowned for his enthusiastic direction of football practice, for it is said that he gels down on the line and shows his lads how to block, tackle or carry out any of the other intracaeies of the gridiron sport. Prior to the regulation game on Saturday morning, April B between picked men of the,Riveter varsity, Leahy will address a convention that promises to number upward of 600 high school and college ooaches. Individual instruction and problems will be treated and a round-table discussion composes remainder bP the program. The tenth birthday of the clinic will be celebrated on Friday, April 4, with a banquet, o.t.c.
Union
. . . tea dance will be held Tues" day aftefnoon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock in the North ballr^m. All students are invited to attend. ^
Chi Omega sorority received the award for presenting the best skit at the Co-ed Capers yesterday afternoon in the South ballroom of the Union. Their skit, “The Downfall of William MacCaully,” reversed the University ratio with three girls becoming involved with the same man and his complex personality of student, poet, and college joe. Second place was given to WRH South foi their “Love in Hong Eong,” which was in the form of a modern interpretative tance. “The Lamp Went Out” received third place for Wood Hall. This was a pantomine in which two brave men sought the hand of a woman. Army Life Portrayed - “This is the Life” was presented by the Delta Gamma’s and showed that army life isn’t so bad after all. Thaeles, in their skit “Evolution of Melodrama,” brought the dramatic gestures of the old^-time drama down to the present “swing time” acting. WRH North acted out the lines of Poe’s famous poem “The Raven,” and the Alpha Xi’s piesented a book review in the form of charades representing well known titles. Ruth Bryant, President x>i YWCA, presented the Decker Plaque to the winning group, which was adjudged first by the judges who consisted of Mrs. F. B. Knight, president of the YWCA advisory board. Miss Irene Feldt, director of the placement service for women and Robert Horn, of the speech department. Delta Gammas Lose Plaque Decker’s, Inc., has donated a plaque to be awarded annually to the group which presents thd^ winning stunt. The plaque was presented to the Delta Gamma Sorority last year. Proceeds from the sale of tickets will be used to send delegates to the annual YWCA conference which will be held in Geneva, Wisconsin this year. j.r. ^ Preparedness Class Registration Begins Tomorrow Mornii^ Re^stration begins tomorriiw for PE 12, the new “Preparedness” course for prospective drkftees. All students cUrryitig registi^tidU enbds are eligible for the coUl^e kiwJ are requested to enrdll sometime bet’vt'een tomorrow and ’TKur'sdsy in room 111)“Of the ^pieldhouse. The room "<^11 be opeii from 8 a. m. to 4:30 p, m. dailyi ^ > The faculty committee is allowing students to cancel any three hour course now in their schedules to make room for two-hour PE 12, provided they have the permission of the department concerned. Body development and activities promoting skill will occupy most of the attention of the class which will meet four hours weekly. Tentative class schedules are as follows: Division A, Monday and Wednesday from 4 to 6 p. m.; Division B, Monday and Wednesday from 7:30 to 9:30 p. m.; Division C, Tuesday and Thursday from 4 to 6 p. m.; and Division D, Tuesday and Thursday from 7:30 to 9:30 p. m. r.r. Eric W. Stark '32 ... a forestry griiduate has been appointed Ohief of the forest products research division of the Texas Forest Service. A two-page picture and article in Texas Forest News tells of the research program tliat has been outlined by Stark.
Mile. Eve Curie, the brilliant daughter of the discoverer of radium and president of the Women’s Volunteer Service Corps in France during the war, will speak on “Women In Science” in the Music Hall at the next regular convocation this Tuesday evening at 8 o’clock. Miss Curie comes to America for her third lecture tour of the country via England, where she fled after the surrender of the Petain government to the Nazis. She has been serving as one* of the editors of the French language newspaper, that has been published by the “free Frenchmen” and circulated among French emigrants in England and distributed by plane over France. Discovery of Radium Eve Curie will tell of her mother’s almost superhuman devotion to research and the part played by her father, Pierre Curie, that led to the discovery of radium. She will relate how, after years of experimentation and study, ethese two scientists finally isolated the precious substance which was found to have commercial possibilities. They generously decided to seek no patent on the process but to present the result of their research to the world. Students will be admitted by passports; faculty and townspeople may present season tickets or purchase tickets at the door for 50 cents. The doors will open promptly at 7 p. m.
Phi Kappa
. . . announces the initiation of Doc Bouton, Amsterdam, N. Y.; Prank Cortese, Jersey City, N. J.; Red Heid, Perrysville, Pa ; James Madden, Chicago, and Robert Runnion, Valparaiso.
By Ned Ochiltree Playing before approximately 4,500 students and parwts last night in the Hall of Music, a disappointing two-hour iffoduction of “Harem Scareiri,” or “The Sultan Was a Lady,” fell short of its intended climax to the University’s first MidTerm ‘Folks’ Day. Afternoon’s Activities According to Bob Hoffer, Student Union activities chairman, 609 parents registered in the Student Union office, and showed enthusiastk; interest in the afternoon’s activit-
ies.
The program was'official^^^e^ed when 300 persons watqhi^ Miller’s “Pill Rollers” ine^^ff^t in the Union bowling aUeys. J^m 4:30 to 6 o’clock approximat^|^|30p couples jammed the northjbt^^^ to dance to music by Paul ^^iy. Following the presentaribn df^arem Scarem,” Maury Mah& and his campus band played at a mixer in the north ballroom honoring the visiting parents. Short of “Onion” , Although it fell short of therCUH^k set by its predecessor, “Ev^agfthipg But Onions,” “Harem Scarem’^'^md its bright spots in the comedy appplied by Ollie Lynch, as Adolf Hitler and'“Joe College,” and the bgby son of the Lady Sultan, played by Bob Stambaugh, and also soitte clever dance routines designed by Marguerite Hans. The production as a whole dragged, failing to possess the snap necessary to keep th^ audience’s attention, and many details of the program were ill-fitting and apparently overdone.
Author Of 'Sold To The Ladies' To Address WAA Sports Dinner
By Peggy Howard Co-eds, what will you be doing for the next ten years? Dorothy Bennett, who graduated from the University of Minnesota in 1930, has found her life sinc^cpllege days packed full of ndvehture, success, and a variety of interesting jobs. Dorothy Bennett, author of a re-* cent best-seller, “Sold to the Ladies,” owner of a recondition^Velding barge, archeologist, anthro:^ologist, and adventurer extraordin-^ ary, will come to the campus next Thursday as guest speaker for the annual WAA Winter Sports Banquet. Popular Lecturer This very-much-alive young woman began her career as staff assistant in the department of education of the American Museum of Natulral History immediately after graduation. When the Hayden Planetarium opened in 1936* she was appqmted assistant cura,tor of Astronomy and the Planetarium, although she had" majored ip English, not science, in college. In her new position she was called upon to deliver popular lectures in astronomy, and in the last four years she has given over one thousand of these to attentive audiences. Publications Arranged In 1934 she arranged for the pri-. vate publication and sales of the “Handbook of the Heavens” written by two associates and herself. ^ The edition of two thousand copies was quickly exhausted and Miss Bennett then preceeded to interest Whittlesey House of McGraw-Hill m publishing the book. The result: the book was published by them and to date has sold nearly fifteen-thousand copies.
But this young career woman didn’t stop her writing acrivities here. She wrote a book abont the adventures of herself and two friends with an old welding barge which they bought for $^169 at a public auction. This saga which she appropriately titled “Sold to the Ladies” is a recent best-seller. Adventures Described The story of the puiuhase of this old boat gives an insight into tlm adventurous spirit of tiffs young lady. One day she and two comrades read of a forthcoming public auc^ tion of barges and ont*«fdate yachts. Although discouraged by a policeman who told them that ladies didn’t go near rough and tough Gor wanus Canal district where the auction was to be held, the three wera not dissuaded but proceeded on their Vray and less than hour found then^ selves the slightly bewildered owners of a fifty-ton dirty old welding barge. The story of how the girls made friends with their barge captain neighbors, cleaned up the boat into a respectSd>le summer pleasure craft, and last, but not leas^ were admitted to an exclusive yacht duihi with their craft is someriffng worth writing about. Helps Plan Expedition In 1937 Miss Bennett was instrsh mental in planning the Hayden Planetarium Grace Edipae Expedition to Peru and was the enbr weni* an who accompanied the group to South America. Tickets for the hantp^ wbidi is open to all studenHi, are fifty ceats and can be purchased at the WA|l office ox at the sorority houses, Tbto hanquet,, which is scheduled to at fip. m., will he hdd in the Home Eeonomlcs cafeteria.
ij'ti \A.r nj- ‘
-f.
/ ‘
. ” m I ^ /
fifi^2~-£dUA
Sunday, Morch 16. 1941
^uhduiL ^xpmanL
T
Mis-etHtements and misinformation have occurred before im newspapers, but it is unfortunate when they are so ■omerous in one piece of writing^ as to make it noticeably incoherent. I am referring to the article vaguely titled “Just Enough Rope” which appeared in Friday’s Exponent in a column labeled Timely Talk. This article which purported to “criticize” the meeting held by the Purdue Student Alliance on Tuesday at which A1 Rubio, district secretary of the ASU, spoke on junior deferment, brings forth no complete picture of the meeting’s proceedings, touching heavily on only the most minor issues discussed and attempting to smear the entire campaign by labeling without justification the speaker as a rabble-rouser and all those interested in the campaign for deferment of juniors as selfish. No direct news report of this meeting ever appeared in the Exponent so that the only picture presented to the student body was this hashed up and inacenrate editorial comment. The article erroneously calls the campaign a drive to "exempt juniors from the draft” when the real purpose of those supporting the plan is not evasion or exemption, but deferment of those more than half way through school until the very important job of getting
a college education is completed. This purpose is stated on every petition used in,the campaign. The article implies that any one believing he may serve the nation better by being as well-trained as possible Is a selfish slacker and unpatriotic. Whereas, as was brought out at the meeting, these students are in training for jobs held by persons who are entitled by their occupation to exemption. This under the Selective Service Act (paragraph 352a) is sufficient reason to exempt also the persons in training. However, this and other important points discussed at the meeting are not mentioned by the article. The front page story in yesterday’s Exponent reveals how quickly the “arguments” in the article are invalidated by events, since Deputy Draft Director General Hershey states that there are grounds for occupational deferment for students who have been in training a sufficient length of time. These statements parallel closely points put fprth in the petition used in the junior deferment campaign and discussed at the meeting in question. Constructive criticism ;of the junior deferment idea or of the campaign itself would be legitimate editorial fare. This article, Which offered no such suggestion, but only slung muck and tried to danfh by omission is an attempt to disrupt a drive which has for its aim no more unpatriotic a motive than providing the American people with trained “scientists, technicians, and engineers” as well as (not instead of) army privates. Leslie Phillips, Chairman, Purdue Student Alliance.
^The Ratio— 3.93 ...fo 1
We think you’re going to have a new member in your little sewing eirde over there at the shop. EloiseGreen is being initiated into the sisterhood of Alpha Chi Omega today, and she plans to celebrate by trying the Bock stuff for the first time. Better look out people, because we’ve got a new informant who calls himself or herself the “Snooper.” WeD anyhow, the Snooper has just informed us via the mail box that Harry McCrady has presented a Butierite by the name of “Toni” Bens<m a nice bright diamond ring. Congratulations. We thank you. Snooper. Keep up the good work, and incidentally, people we could use a lot more people like the Snooper.
Dunn To Play Friday Pharmacy Group To Show For Co-ed Bid Dance 'Diatom Story' Tomorrow
Gold Peppers, senior honorary for women, have engaged Deacon Dunn to furnish the music for their “draft dance” next Friday night in both ballrooms of the Union. Dancing will be from 9 to 12. On entering they will receive a number which they can use to a good advantage later in the evening. Informal clothes will be worn by eds and co-eds alike. It is the first all campus co-ed bid tljis season. Pledges which will be announced in the middle of the evening will be chosen for scholarship, personality, leadership in activities. After the announcement there will be a reception for the pledges and faculty guests. Joyce Burnham is in charge of the program. Augusta Hite has charge of the tickets which are on sale at all bouses, halls and book stores for $1.00. v.b.
A FIGHT WITHOUT MERCY FOR LOVE OF FIVE MEN!
Starts TODAY
The motion picture, “Celite, the Story of the Diatom,” will be shown tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock in room 311 of the Pharmacy building. The picture is sponsored by Kappa Psi, pharmacy honorary and is open to everyone. The picture, produced by JohnsManville, presents in an educational yet interesting way, the process of converting the microscopic, vegetable fossils into products that are commercially important. The picture shows a number of demonstrations of the wide range of uses for diatoms, including the filtration of sugar, insulation and as an abrasive. e.g.k. Campcraffers Will Meet Tuesday In Women's Gym The first meeting of the Campcraft course for University men and co-eds will be held in the Women’s Gym Tuesday, at 4 p. m. Although there has already been a call-out meeting, any interested student may still come out for the course by attending Tuesday’s meeting. Instructions in all types of camp work, iiicluding Counseling, will be given at these meetings which will be held once a week for eight weeks. All WAA members who complete this course will receive a hundred points, p.a.h
The ^th Colmtiii
Friday the congress of the United States considered a bill to raise money. The idea was a five percent tax on all incomes. It would raise 3% billions said its author. Then they all sat down and considered the reaction of the American people, and in a cold sweat. . Voted an appropriation of SYz billion dollars to the navy. * >i< * But it was a close call. ■H >ti H< It’s been a mystery to us. Ever since this fracas started. Just how in the devil the Irish managed to keep out of it. Either they don’t know anything about it. Or somebody told them it was a private fight. * * * Then we heard the story about the American bombers. The ones that are being ferried across the North Atlantic. It seems that out of thirty that started out. Only twenty got there. The Irish . . . Bagged ^e other three. ♦ !!< Hi And are turning them into shillalahes. Hi * * In a very short time we can expect the Irish free State to send out a squad of picked men. Armed with aluminum knucks. To make their last territorial demand on Europe. Hi He H< The only thing about these Irishmen though is that they haven’t caught up with the times yet. The English fight for their lives. The Americans fight to save the world for Democracy. But the Irish, after twenty years of scrapping with the British . . .
Entered an second class inatter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of CionKress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized Jan,uary 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Editoi>in-Chief...................,................„..... . R. W. Donahue Business Manager.... Merle Hagemeyer
News Editor.....
Edii
Publication Staff
J. H. McKee
Managing Editor... D. K. Heiple Associate Editors: N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, 1,. W.
Ruffner, R. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott
Business Staff
Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. F. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadfpd; Circulation Manager, R. M. Recktenwald. >
Co-ed Staff
Editor .....Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna
Siess.
Sports Staff Editor J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim. i
Phone: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 279Z Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Skallerup Day Editor: Siess Issue Editor: Nordlinger Night Sports Editor: Johnson Staff: J. F. Zinski, E. G' Kieper, R. R. Runnion, J. S. Keeler, O. T. Clark, A. P. Hunter, W. E. Rafert, M. J. Fox, P. A. Howard, R. Fischer.
Are still fighting for fun. H< He H< And the Nazis. They fight. ’Cause Hitler says so. * * + As for the Italians. They won’t fight. No matter who says so.—dkh.
Piano Students To Present Music Room Recital Today Pupils of Miss Ruth Jamieson, West Lafayette pianist, will present a recital this evening at 8 o’clock in the music room of the Union. The program will be composed of ten selections, three of them twopiano numbers; Miss Jamieson will accompany Mrs. H. H. Remmers playing Mozart’s Concerto in A, David Allen playing Concerto in G minor by St. Saens and Mrs. Phillip Soneson playing MacDowell’s Concerto in D minor. Included on the program will be Bach’s Pratita in C Minor played by Mrs. Merle Shaff; Mendelssohn’s Rondo Capriccioso by Cleonice DeKay; Brahm’s Intermezzo in B fiat minor by Mrs. Raymond Girton; Schubert’s Rondo in D by Mrs. Claude Reeck; Chopin’s Nocturne in B major by Mary Edith Kohl; Staub’s Sous Bois by Beth Schaupp; and Brahm’s Rhapsody in B minor by Mrs. Shaff. The public is invited to attend.
Grain Growers Learn Ether Edits
Product Maintenance -
By Gordon Griffin
DOUBLE HORROR SHOW
THE GREATEST OF THEM ALL! It's Creepier and Chillier than Cemetary on a Foggy Night.
IT WILL TURN YOUR BLOOD »TO ICE! BORIS KARLOFF as THE APE ■—PLUS — S^ister Oriental Murder Mystery! The Phantom of Chinatown with KEYE LUKE
NO SISSIES ALLOWED
Sag
TODAY - MONDAY -2 SWELL SHOWS —
A KILLER-THRILLER OP A CHILLER!
\ At Two-Day Schools In an e^ort to enable AAA loan supervisors, dealers and elevator operators to become better skilled in detecting causes of graip damage, grain grading standards, and to be informed about “sick wheat,” four two-day grain grading schools will be held in various parts of the state, it was announced last week by Prof. F. E. Robbins of the University agronomy instructional staff, in charge of subject matter for the schools. Schools will be held as follows: Here at the University Mrrrch 17 and 18; Fort Wayne March 20, 21; Indianapolis, March 24 and 25; and Vincennes, March 27 and 28. Ninth Year For School This will be the ninth year for the school at the University, the first of the 1941 series. The two-day program will include discussions of essential equipment in commercial grading, actual commercial grading of wheat, oats, corn, and soy beans, a question box period, review of hybrid corn and cribbed corn problems, and a talk on agronomic and climatic factors affecting quality in grain, the last feature to be given by C. E. Skiver, University agronomist. Rural youth boys interested in grain grading are being encouraged to attend one of these current schools, j.f.z.
It may not be Christmas, but those red and green jVIorning Shamerocks are the sexiest nickel’s worth of journalism the campus has ever had the opportunity to buy.
THE MAGNIFICENT UVE STONY OF A BEANTIFU. NEBEl!
MARS
Now playing
ARC
— TODAY-MONDAY
DARNELL
Jok Payne • Roland Young
-and-
WITH FDITH FELLOWS also
ALL COOR CARTOON
Goodness shakes and shudders! The New Main has nothing on the NBC-Blue when it comes to thrillers. If you last through the double feature at the show, you might be in the mood to tune in tonight on Boris Karloff and the Inner Sanctum Mystery show at 7:30 p. m. Incidentally, the program has taken a new lease on life. It has been moved from its Tuesday spot and is playing a repeat performance each Sunday night at 11:30 EST for West Coast listeners. Sponsors of the popular air feature have made arrangements for stage, screen, and radio “boogey men” to appear in the mysteries. Karloff will reappear next Sunday in “The Man Who Hated Deai;h,” the story of a friendless undertaker who has a positively chummy talk with a corpse who comes to life while the mortician is preparing the body for burial. If your system gets all twisted up with thrills, remember the sponsor’s product. —e-e— Rumois had it that Jack (Jell-o) Benny was going to change sponsors when his contract ran out next June, but it seems as though that bit of hot air was nipped close to the stem by his renewal last week of his contract for another year at a reported income of $17,500 per week. The other sponsor was said to be dangling an offer of $25,000 weekly in front of the comedian’s nose, but either Benny has a bad cold or else he wants to hand out free cases of Jell-o as Christmas presents to his friends. —e-e— Metropolitan Auditions of the Air chooses contract winners from the four finalists who will appear on that show at 4 p. m. this afternoon over NBC-Red. . . . Everett- Sloane, who is featured in Orson Welles’ motion picture, “Citizen ^ Kane” (which we are told we will never get to see), will have the lead in Tuesday night’s broadcast of Grand Central Station over NBC-Blue at 8:00... . Over the same network at 10:30 p. m. on Tuesday Clifton Fadiman, Sinclair Lewis, Carl Van Doren and Alexander Wollcott will discuss for listeners of the Reader’s Club the subject, “What Will the War Do to Literature?”
DANCE RECITAL TUES., MARCH 18th PUBLI^ INVITED ADM. FREE New C;hildren'& Classes Open Sat., Aarch 22 CLASSES DIVIDED ACCORDING TO AGE—ENROLL NOW PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S*™ & FERRY
HU
fiH
F" t r.
f'/
V
' •( «i' "■'‘S'-m ' ‘""V" . r
PuJuhuL £xponant
Sunday# March 16# 1941
PeupL i > Spohd£
Fencers, Thinlies, Matmen Excel Over Week-End
Wolves Win At Butler; Riveters Cop Fifth Spot
Fencing Club Pulls Victory Out Of Fire
Baseballers Stress Fielding Accuracy In Lengthy Session Whatever hopes the baseball team had of taking to the outdoors were stymied by the recent snowfall; however, the squad occupied the Fieldhouse yesterday afternoon and treated all phases of the game in a two-hour workout. Half of the session was given over to infield practice, three combinations working in 16 minute shifts. The first group was composed of Bill McCaffrey, third base; R. J. Meyers, short stop; W. B. McAdams, second base; Howard Hoffman, first base and Captain Bud Fisher, catcher. McCaffrey is an end on the football team and Hoffman became a late' season regular on the basicetball team after a period of illness. Hoffman A Southpaw The latter has a physical advantage at the initial sack, since he is left-handed. Captain Fisher was the Riyeter’s first string receiver last year and always plays the game right up to the hilt. His ability and enthusiasm urge his mates to do their utmost. Coach Dutch Fehring showed as much pepper as any of his pupils and directed the infield drill by batting grounders. The second combination was made up of C. M. Rawles, third base; Walt Cook, short stop; H. P. McFerren, second base; ^‘Horsie” Riley, first base, and Frank Cortesse, catcher. Cook is the halfback who came out^of his retirement on the bench to lead the Boilermaker gridders against Fordham, »while Irish Bob is the West Side lad whose pivot shots and general fight aided Piggy Lambert’s basketball team. Not Short On Words Second baseman McFarren was a fixture at the Keystone bag in the 1940 campaign and will probably return to that position. In the third infield a neophyte quintet of E. W. Hincks, third base; Bob Gantz, short stop; Carl Potenza, second base; Don -Blanken, first base and W. D. Seely, catcher figuratively raised the roof of the Fieldhouse in a deafening exhibition of chatter. Most of the noise can be attributed to Cary “Shorty” Potenza—all five feet, two inches of him. The little East Hartford, Conn., pep-per-pot doesn’t even stop his incessant flow of words when he picks up a ground ball. An ankle injury is still annoying Don Blanken, but the flashy basketeer hopes the brace he is wearing will enable him to get back in pitching form. Danowski Improves Batting cages provided the sluggers an opportunity to sharpen their respective eyes. The method of hook sliding into bases was also taken into consideration. Those who did not take an active part in infield drills, namely, pitchers and outfielders, came in for their share of exercises.
Fencers Defeat Capitols, 73-77 In Close Match
\
Seven Riveter fencers turned out to be Indian-givers yesterday afternoon in the Fieldhouse, when, after practically placing a meet in the collective palms of the Indianapolis Fencing Club, they changed their minds at the last minute and grabbed it back. 13-11 was the final score in this surprise Boilermaker win. Indianapolis Takes Early Lead Gloom over the Riveter bench could be cut with a knife as the match at first was seemingly dominated by the Capitol City lads. The downstaters ran the score up to 6-3 before the befuddled Boilermakers woke up to the fact that they were being trounced. At this point Tower, Oakes and Burl of the Riveters chalked up three wins, in order, to tie the score but this sudden success was too much and Indianapolis took the next three to put the Boilermakers right back where they started. Burl and-Riveter captain Wegener then took two comparatively easy ' foil tilts'with scores in their respective bouts of 6-1 and 6-2. Following this the Indianapolis fencers were able to register but two victories out of the last seven bouts. Two Fencers Star In Meet Long before the end of the meet it could easily be seen that there was one outstanding fencer on each side. Burl of the Riveters continually won his bouts and Boak piled up a similar record for the opposition. It was not until the 20th bout of the meet, with the score tied at 10 all, tliat these two fencers had a chance to engage. One of the roughest bouts of the series followed with Burl, some would say because of a slightly heavier physique, ending up on top with a 6-3 score.
but every man was cautioned not to throw too hard, for sore arms can spread like an epidemic through a diamond camp when too much enthusiasm is evidenced early in the season. Frank Danowski, senior pitcher from Mattituck, Long Island, New York, is showing more control this year than ever before. Dutch Fehr^ing believes that Frank’s stuff on the ball and his new-found^ontrol will make,him become a niajor letterman. Bob Green, infielder from Indianapolis, has been bothered with a sprained ankle and has been temporarily converted into a pitcher. Out of a squad of 36, only four are major lettermeri. Those to make that insignia are Fisher, Waterhouse, McFerren and Emmert. Other squad members are Freiherr, Leifheit, Janisch and Walker, all pitchers; Basenfelder and Young, catchers; Silverman, first base; Martin, second base and Brady, Bylene, CarDoherty and Merlin Gantz, all outfielders. o.t.c.
SUITS MADE TO MEASURE —■GUARANTEED FIT— JOE'S TAILOR SHOP CHAUNCEY & STATE STREETS
SPECIAL ROUND TRIP PARTY RATES \ DETROIT — ST. LOUIS Trains Leave Saturday, March 22 Lv. Lafayette 2:50 p. m. Lv. Lafayette 4:53 p. m. Ar> Detroit.... 10:00 p> ni« EST Ar. St. Louis 10:30 p. m. ROUND TRIP PARTY RATES Detroit ®7.70 St Louis $7.25 Reservations Must Be Made Before Friday^) March 21 Call; ELLIOTT MARROW Room 217 Cary Hall West^ Phone 2446 WABASH RAILWAY COMPAISY
Riveter Freshmen Capture Honors At AAU Mat Meet ' Indianapolis, Indiana, March 15. — (Siiecial to the Purdue Exponent)—Four freshmen and a sophomore represented the Riveters at the Indiana AAU Wrestling meet held here last night and when the mats were cleared each man had won his match. The freshmen were “Mac” Mc-
Donald, 118 pounds; Mark Matovina, 136 pounds; Warren Gregory, 146 pounds and Jim Paratore,'168 pounds. Claude Thompson was the only sophomore and fought in the heavyweight class. None of these men are on Coach Clqude Reeck’s varsity squad, for varsity men are not eligible in AAU competition. Freshmen are not eligible for team score and must be registered as unattached.
Both Harry Burl and Boak were top scorers for their teams. Boak, who incidentally was co-captain, in his college days, of the North Carolina fencing squad, lost his only match to the Riveter high man and thereby took second place honors for the day. This Riveter fencer. Burl, was by far the handiest man the squad had when the going got rough. No less than three times he started a rally for the Boilermakers which seemed to be about the only thing which kept them in the running. Riveters Tops In Foils Boilermaker captain Ernie Wegener himself took three out of his four matches, all of them, by the way, in the foil division. Sixteen foil tilts were held, of which the Riveters won eleven making this by far their best record of the meet.
Intra Mural Sports • Badminton Champs Sigma ’ Alpha Mu defeated a strong Kappa Sigma badminton contingent in the finals of the interfraternity tournament to cop the Greek badminton championship. The score for the final battle was 14-11, 14-11. Norm Goldstein and Jim Mann comprised the winning team. Mann is also captain of the squash team.
• Cary Hall Volleyball • Ward Volleyball Competition in Ward and Cary Hall volleyball tournaments will begin tomorrow afternoon. Cary Hall teams will begin playing at 4:00 p. m., in the afternoon and the Ward teams will begin at 7:00 p. m. in the evening. All teams will play a practice game tomorrow and then begin tournament competition on Tuesday.
Read about the Prom committee’s choice for the Bands in tomorrow’s Morning Shamerock. It tells everything about the committee’s shameful conduct.
• Greek Volleyball Fourteen Greek teams have won the right to Compete in the finals of the Interfraternity Volleyball tournament playoff which will begin tomorrow. Five teams—^ATO, Kappa Sigma, SPE, Theta Chi, and Theta Tau— are as yet undefeated in tourney play. Nine others—AGR, Delta Tau Delta, DU, PiKA, SAE, SAM, Sigma Chi, and TKE—^have dropped only one encounter.
TWO CO-EDS Stepping out in crisp, dean frocks cleaned at die WEST SIDE. Be ready for spring call 4084 today
Phone 4081
Phone 4081
The Lowest Prices Quality Permi^^f Northwestern at Vine Phone 4081
By JOE DOLAN, Exponent Sports Editor Indianapolis, Ind., Butler Fieldhouse, March 15,1941.—Michigan University seems to have an Indian sign on the Butler Relays, because tonight those Wolverines copped the BuHdog^s big show with 35 points, making it eight years in a row that the Maize and Blue have returned home with "it.” Indiana took second place with 32
'Doc' Miller Helps Frat Keglers Beal 'Pill Rollers' Yesterday afternoon between the hours of 2 and 4 “Doc” Miller’s bowling five met defeat at the hands of a quintet composed of the best fraternity keglers. The score, however, was close—only 19 pins separating the two teams — as the Greek letter lads came out on top with a score of 2647 to 2628. Rolling before an overflow crowd which packed the aisles, “Doc’s” team won two of the three games but was unable to match their opponents’ total score. The fraternity roster included Zuck, Gaik, Kendrick, Starek, and Navta; while the team from the Executive Building basement was composed of Miller, Willis, Fidler, Weitkamp, and Stuckey. Zuck and Gaik pulled down respective high games of 228 and 218 for the victors, while Stuckey starred for the losers with two ten-frame scores of 200 and 199.
• All-Campus Ping-Pong Marshall Gardner, freshman engineer from Whiting, and Art Davidson, New York, will meet tomorrow for the championship of the all-campus ping pong tournament.
points. Purdue with seven and onehalf digits, finished fifth, Notre Dame and Ohio State preceding the Boilermakers. Purdue’s points were scored by Rankin with a fourth in the low hurdles; Weber’s tie for fourth in the shot put and five points of the Riveter’s total came from a second in the University Relay division over a distance of two miles. Bob Jarvis, Burt Anthony, Captain Ed Holderman, and Alex Jentsch performing for PU. Wright Excels Wright got the “best performer” prize as he tied the conference high hurdle record. Bob Wright is the Ohio (State sophomore who has blazed a trail through the Big Ten. Campbell Kane of lU was a star as usual. Keith Rourke, Notre Dame sophomore, was celebrating an early St. Patrick’s Day as he leaped six feet, three and one-quarter inches in the running high jump. This was something of an upset over Don Ckmlfan of Michigan, who is Big Ten champion.
Get the lowdown on the football team’s activities and the Hnerup for the All-Irish team by reading tomorrow’s Morning SliaBier4Mfc.
“When you first here that hunger note, it will he exactly . . . TIME TO GO TO THE lAmmu
Special Sunday Meals Sunday Dinner ... MEATS—^Fried Chicken, Creamed Chicken on Biscnit, Baked Ham and Apricot Sauce, Swiss Steak. POTATOES—^Mashed Potatoes, Lemon Battered Potatoes. VEGETABLES——Fresh Frozen Com and Green Beans, Harvard Beets, Caearoni Loaf. SALADS—^Raspberry Tang, Pear and Orange Salad, Sunset Salad, Tomatoe and Egg, 5c Wilted Lettuce, Cabbage Slaw. DESERTS—Cherry Pie* Apple Pie, ^aham Cradker Re, Fridge Cake—^Fnde Icing, Angel Dain^, Fudge Pudding, Stewed Fresh Rhubarb, Apricot Upsidedown Cake. Downstairs in the
JhjL fiwtdwL VmmL The Comer of the Campue^ f Yet the Center of College ActivitUts
S
*/I I -j»
fia^ ^OtauaiA
Sunday# Mordh 16# 1941
(puMiiuL SxpptumL
Germany Steps Up British Campaign, Looks To Future
V. C. Meredith Club To Entertain Today
By Carroll Binder
(ForeiKn Editor, The Chicago Daily News.) Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc.
Germany is now waging war on Britain with all the striking power its air and sea forces can wi6ld at this season. Hitler’s aim is to knock out the sole remaining European obstacle to permanent German mastery of Europe and extension of Nazi influence beyond the Continent, before the United States is able to give sufficient planes, ships and other implements of war to Britain to insure a German defeat. Will Hitler also employ the tremendous land force at his disposal in his campaign to subjugate Britain and, if so, where? , The news reaching the United States frbm Europe this week suggests that sitch ia German move may be in the offing. The most obvious p^ce'to look just now for such a German move, of course, is in the Balkans where Hitler has a tremendous force poised for action on the Greek-Yugoslav border. But the dispatches from Prance, Spain and other parts of Western Europe this week suggest the possibility that Hitler 'also may be contemplating a biild land move in the west to reinforce his air and sea attacks on Britain. One private message reaching the writer from Europe thig week said that a German move into Spain- and Portugal is believed imminent by. well-in-formed Spaniards. Darlan Talks Like Laval Rumors of impending German occupation of Spain and Portugal have been current in Europe for many months so that this report is mainly .'significant because of the excellence of its source. But certain developmefits in Prance this week seemed to point to such a possibility. The dispatches from Vichy clearily revealed increasing German inifluence in the Petain government, jrhe strong man in that government ]today is Adm. Jean Darlan, who, lamong his many functions, controls France’s navy, police and foreign ■relations. Darlan, like most French naval officers, is anti-British by temperament. He has spent a great deal of time lately in Paris conferring with Pierre Laval, Georges Bonnet, Georges Scapini and other Frenchmen who have identified their personal and political fortunes with a German victory over Britain. A British victory would mean dis-
Virgjhua C. Meredith Club will entertain at a party this afternoon from 4 to 6 p. m. in the Home Economics cafeteria. Marjorie Williamson is in charge of program aiTangements for the Social hour. A short business meeting will be held immediately following the party. All members are invited to attend.
Entries
. . . for the Prom decoration contest must ^e turned in to Chuck Hansen, Terry House, 608 Waldron before 5 p. m. tomorrow. Any ed or co-ed is eligible to enter and the prize will be a complimentary ticket.
To the ladies! A beauty operator fr.om Charles of the Ritz will be at
Loeb’s
aster and possibly loss of life for Laval and perhaps for others. Darlan summoned the American correspondents in Vichy after his return from Paris and .talked to them in terms strongly reminiscent of those employed by Laval. The gist of Darlan’s remarks was that “the Germans are more generous and more understanding of the needs of humanity than the British” and that if Great Britain fails to relax its blockade, he, Darlan, will use the guns of the French fleet to bring food to France. ‘Food’ Propaganda to People The ostensible purpose of the Darlan interview with the American press was to arouse the sympathies of the American people and government regarding the plight of hungry France and thus to bring sufficient pressure on Great Britain to compel it to modify the blockade. Hitherto Britain has steadfastly refused to permit such a weakening of its continental blockade on the grounds that Germany, rather than France, would be the ultimate beneficiary of any food shipments that reached France or other conquered countries. But Darlan’s declaration — which completely ignored the fact that France is starving because Germany had seized most of its food as well as other wealth and used it to help Germany wage war more effectively—^served another purpose that is far more useful to Germany and its French puppets. It was designed to try to divert the sympathies of the great majority of the French people from the British , cause, which thus far they believe to be the sole means of France regaining its liberty, to acquiescence in the Laval-Bonnet policy of collaboration with Germany for a British defeat.
cosme-
tic department this week, ♦She will give you advice on choosing and applying cosmetics that
suit YOU; and with each dollar purchase will blend free of charge a dollar size box of Charles' of the Ritz face powder for you. So, don’t forget, beauty advice at Loeb’s S-T-S And while we’re on this subject, let me remind you that there’s no
lovelier compliment to beauty than cultured pearls. Lodde’s has them in single,, double and triple strands . . . and even more, if you prefer. For evening you’ll like the seven strand necklace, caught by rhinestone clips at the shoulders. You’ll treasure them always . . . pearls from Lodde’s. S-T-S To all former customers of Olan Mills studio! Now is the time to re-order pictures from the negatives on file. No sittings, or appointments . . . just call 3413 and place your order for a picture to serve as an Easter or Mother’s Day gift. Those of you who haven’t had pictures taken at Olan Mills will want to make an appointment and have a distinctive portrait made right away.
Kappa Kappa Gamma
. . . social sorority, announces the installation of the following officers; Betty Graham, president; Betty Morris, House Manager, Annabelle Ball, rush chairman; Mary Speitb, pledge captain; Virginia Schaupp, social chairman; and Dorothy Benson, Pan-Hellenic representative.
Sanitone Cleaning—Gives New Spring time charm to last season’s spring time wardrobes. Avoid the rush.
Phone Today for Piek-Up!
American Laundry
3085
Lose Something?
Find It by Running a Classified Advertisement in the ^
Purdue Exponent Minimum Charge 2Sc
Phone 5038
Phone 5038
Men’s sweaters aren’t a new note, but they’re always a stylish one. Gullion’s has a complete new stock” of sleeveless sweaters in^T. pull-over and but-i
ton front styles, while their pullovers with sleeves feature V and crew necks. They come mostly in beige, with some rust, green, and luggage tan ones that you should really go for. Get a sweater at Gullion’s. S-T-S ’ Here’s good news for you girls ... a skirt that woq’t sag or hike up. It’s called Flex-O-Skirt and is sold at Queen City. An invisible elastic waistband insures perfect fit. Whether you want silk or wool, plain or plaid, you’ll find it in this Flex-O-Skirt at Queen City. S-T-S Take a speedy inventory . . . now, couldn’t you use a new handbag or another pair of gloves? I found patent* leather bags atJ Alan’s, in all ^sizes! and shapes, beautifully lined, and welloutfitted. Alan’s fabric gauntlet gloves come in such colors as bqige, brown, light blue, and navy. You’ll like tkeir new kid and saddle leather gloves, too. Don’t miss them! S-T-S Prints . . . pastels . . . navies with white trim . . . surely you must KJii know that I’m referring to the new , spring dresses I saw at Adler’s. They’re all just as fresh and crisp as the flowers that bloom . . . well, you get what I mean. One snappy little nuber has a short mess jacket of red gabardine with pearl buttons over a blue and white polka dot dress. These Adler dresses look expensive until you see the price tag, and are pleasantly surprised.
on making reservations for them the next time they come to the campus ? Distinguished visitors, “imports”, and faculty members are all enthusiastic about the fine service and simplicity of these Union Club rooms.
Classified Ads
Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.50. Office supplies. Mtmeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone, 2779.
For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.50 all night. Phone 2407.
For Rent: Single room for co-ed or business girl. Close to campus. Phone 2430.
tiost: Elgin wrist watch left in Union wash room. Please call O. P. Smith, 2643. Reward.
Lost: Technical and Scientific French book. T. T. Taylor, 341 Cary Hall East. Reward. i
Lost: Black Wahl Evershani pen with name engraved. Reward. Ed Boedeker,
4061.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies.
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK OR. LUTHER A. RISK OR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Sts. Phone 5710
DEACS Everything for a College Education
• Hardware
Complete Student Supplies SOUTHWORTH'S
£dgerton Hdwe. Inc. Quality Mdse.—Lower Pricee If It's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
Complete Line of Greeting Cards University Book Store M. C. "Red" Sammons '29 ^ R. W. "Doc" Epple '40
• Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG SHOE REBUILDING Phone 2240 221 State
• Photographers
• Locksmith
Cameras and Supplies Picture Framing HIKEA PHOTOGRAPHER ■ 634 Main St. Phone 7775
Keys and Locks Keys for trunks, door locks, desk night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty, Bicyolos, accessories and_repalring. MULtiAurrs NW-'l» N.'5th St. Pham Stag
• Dairy Products M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY qualitV milk Phone 462)4
Do you know all abdut the bees and flowers? If not, better not try to read the Morning Shanieredk.'
Has your sweetheart been mistreating you? Read a Mwming Shamerock and get that old "Zip” back again! i
notices
Are you feeling kind of mopey about that wardrobe of yours ? Do you want a dash of tonic—a few well chosen vitamins to pep things up a bit ? If so, then you’re the one I’m writing for today . . . and, let me remind you, a few choice purchases needn’t CdSt a fortune. Just keep a weather-eye open for bargains like these.
Christian/Science Organisation:. Begular meeting Tuesday, March 18, at 7 p. m. wiU be held in ridom 306 ^ the.Uiiion becati^ of the convocation. We
You can spare just one more quarter, can’t you, to buy at least one of the pocket edition books at the University Book Store. Many famous and popular books are printed in these editions ... in their original forms, not condensed even one bit. You can afford several at this rock bottom price. Buy them at the University Book Store. S-T-S Did your parents stay at the Union Club last night when they came here for “mid-term folks’
Triton Cinb: The club will meet on Monday, Marob 17, at 7,;39 p. m. iit the pool in place of the regular lu^day.-MWI^'' 18, meeting. Any swimmer who Wunor tb (lUalify for membership may present themselves at this meeting and t^e the qualification test. All membeta are dslced to be projoht.
Concert Choir: Compulsory rehearsal Monday, March 17, at 4 p. m,. ia Music Hall, —STfeWART
Phi Lambda Epsilon: Meeting Wednesday, March 19, at 7:30 p. m. in room 106 of the Chemistry Building. Buaiaeas, distribution of keys and sheepskins are scheduled. Members must attend to eS&iblish active rating. —ALEXAl'CMBR.
PI A Board Members: Meeting Scheduled for Monday, March 17, at 4:30 p. nu Full attendance needed. —MOSSEJR
PIA Dance Class: AdvaiM:ed class will meet Wednesday, March 19, At 7:80 A nf. Beginner’s class will meet ThUrsd^ March
20, at 7:30 p. m.
then you’ve already heard of the quality and convenience of these rooms. If not, why not plan
PIA Ward Candidates: The following persons who have taken oUt pctitidus foi) Ward chairman please report to room 806 of the Union at 4 p. m. Monday, March 17: Bussell Bain, Larry Myers, Milton Reisttiatt, Maxine Abshier, J. L. Compton, William F. Gunkel, Dale W. Mhrtln, N. A. Osborne, Frank C. Robinson, Anna Jensen, Carl
Smith, E. L. Johnsem, Lewis Captain._Felix
J. Lo
J. Losson, Luther Cree, William J. Boms,
Frank J. Suto.
Ail Co-eds: Those wanting YWCA cabinet positions for next year shqnld send petitions to Miss Bryant or Miss' Coolidge before March 19. —BRYANT.
' All Co-eds: Those wanting tickets for the WAA banket March 20 lUay get ^em at the WAA office or at sorority ho
To Whom It Coneerna: All lost and found articles in Senate office must be chdmed by Thursday, March 20, or owners lose right to claim them. —LAWRENCE
ME 31 C and I Make-up: Final for C and I grades received in any, division of ME 31 will be given Saturday, April 12, at 1 p. m. in room 101 of Uie Mechmiical building. —kBmler.
P Men: Keys are in; obtain them from Ted Axton. —AXTON.
Virginal C. Meredith Club: Party Sunday, March 16, from 4 to 5 p. m. in the Home Economics cafeteria. >- —McCULLOCH.
All Seniors: Please check spelling of your name for the tentative commencement program list in the office of your School. —ELLEY.
POMM: Meeting Tuesday, March 18, at 4:00 p. m. in the Armory, Pledges will be selected. —McCAMMON.
Lost: Elgin wrist watch in or near Chemistry Building. Please call 75893. Reward. P. A. Wiseman.
Reamers: Regular meeting Monday, March 17, at 7:16 p. m., in room 304 of the Union. Pledges report at 7 :46. —BOHLIN.
All Students: Prom decoration plans must be turned in to Chuck Hanson, Terry House, 608 Waldron St., by 6 o’clock Sunday, March 16. —WOLFE.
Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting Thursday, March 20, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 212 of the Union. Everybody out. -^ATBS.
Independent Staff: There will be a meeting at 4:00 p. m., Tuesday, March 18, Bring copy for the "razz” edition. Be sure to attend. —3ELKOWITZ.
Modem Dance: Relmarsals Monday, March
■ :00 p. m.:
17, at 7:30 p. m.; Thursday,' 4
andFriday at 4:00 p. m,
—SWOPE.
We call them informals . . , but lots of our customers call them RYTEX "Indlspensables". For they're just the thing for “thank youV', Invitations, gift enclosures or brief notes. Of smooth plate stock . . , white or ivory . . . you Name or Monogram RYTEX-HYLITED on the informals . . . Envelopes plain.
HAYWOOD’S
RETAIL DEPT.
Fifth and Ferry Sts. Lafayette, tnd.