; ,* VI
sk ''-^'H;
■'■- ■ r ..'-■! 'V ■> / ■'
Indiana, 7; Iowa, 7. NVst'irn;13;G.Lakfes,p N. D., 50; Wisconsin, 0
Navy, 14; ?enn State, ^ Minn., 13; C. Grant, 7 Illinois, 33; Pitt, 25
Established 1889
Meet the Team!
♦ Volume 56, No. 68
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, October 17,1943
Ohio State, 30-7
Team Will Return Today/11:53 A. AA.
Adler, Draper Reveal Personal Impressions Of Recent USO trips
Plkns have been completed by the pep session committee for the Meet the Team, rally today which will be held at the Big Four station. The team is due on the n:53 a. m. train and a large number of students are expected by the committee to be on hand with cheers, Nilo Monarch!, head cheer leader, will arrive with the team and will be joined at the station by the other cheer leaders to lead the crowd in y^lls. Fur- ^
ther atmosphere will be provided by the Boilermaker Special which ,accofding to Jack Swantz, Reamer president, is once more in smooth funning
condition.
Since the train will be in at 11:53, students attending the rally will have time to return
Varieties To Show Britton's Novelty Band Saturday
Milt Britton and his orchestra
to the campus afterwards for appear in the fourth Vic-
tory Varieties at the Music Hall
dinner.
Service Men Attend Second Coed Canteens
Saturday, are noted for their informality. According to two of the Victory Varieties committee who saw them perform at the Oriental Theatre recently, Britton succeeds in breaking the ice in a novel way. Britton employs two comedians ih his band who hold instruments at times but never play them. They take part in the free for all which
Today the second Coed Canteen f ^nds in the breaking of a
few instruments as well as throw-
will be held from 2 p. m. to 4 p. m. in the Women’s Residence Halls, the sorority houses and the cooperative houses with a different set of service men participating. The Coed Canteen has been expanded to in- _ ^
elude colored service men on the Varieties Committee
campus who will be entertained by Members of the committee rethe colored girls of the community sponsible for bringing Victory Vaat the University Church from 2 to rieties to the campus are: L. M.
ing chairs around. The band does impersonations of famous composers. Featured with the band is Natalie Kahn who has been called America’s most beautiful vocalist.
By Morris Better ^nd. Jack Martire , . Anyone who interviews either Larry Adler or Paul Draper at points along their present concert tour had better bring a long pencil and an open mind. Both possess a wealth of stories and impressions about their recent trips for the USO and they are not reluctant to discuss them. We came to get a story for service men, about service men and we did—straight from the shoulder, no holds barred, both barrels—^much more than we had anticipated. We first buttonholed Adler in the empty Music Hall on Thursday. His trip to the Mediter- ^^ ranean and Near East area had been more publicized than was Draper’s' to the Arctic but when we left, it was a toss-up as to which had the more interesting story to tell. Adler’s account reflected the activity and seriousness of the combat zones in which he performed; Draper’s, the solemnity and emptiness of the Arctic bases which he visited. Yet, comparing notes, both had brought back fundamentally the same story of problems, frustrations and needs of the flghting men; both had proved
to be sensitive observers. Touring The Near East
Fumbling with his harmonica, Adler told us of his ten-week tour of Sicily, Italy, Afrioa and Iran which brought him and his co-enter» tainers—Jack Benny, Wirii Shaw and Anna Lee to bases, camps, hospitals and outposts. They performed at the drop of a hat, so to speak, wherever laugh-hungry men could be found. Adler and his party had agreed among themselves that in all cases enlisted men would recede preference at the shows they gave. There would be no “reserved”
Union Workers Aid In Attaining County Goal For War Fund
Tony Putkovich Has Field Day In Last Half
PAUL DRAPER
LARRY ADLER
Dean Hai’ry J. Reed, Director of Extension at the University, will
Mademoiselle, fashion magazine
sections for officers. Because of this for college, home,, and business
speak at the 73rd^ Annual Indiana agreement, a General in the Per- women, is now gathering new mem-
sian Sudan, a base for overland sup- bers for its Fall College Board from lies to the Soviet Union, had to re- campuses over the country. All move a special officer’s box which women undergraduates who are inhad been constructed for one of te^ested in publication work, adver-
p. m.
Vallely, manager of the Union and chairman of the committee; J. W.
Company A, sections 4 and 5, of . . ,, . 4.1, TvT ir -11 4 41. T.r ■ Ditamore, manager of the Music the Navy V-12 will go to the Kappa , • , r 4 • f 44,
Hall and in charge of staging of the
Kappa -Gamma sorority house. , ^ - 4 jr, -D 4- 4 J r -11 shows; J. M. Ragains, director 01 Company B, sections 4 and 5, will ■. • -4 v, 4 a ■
be entertained at Alpha Chi Omega sorority. Pi Beta Phi will be hostess to Company C, sections 2 and 4. Sections 8, of Companys A, B, C,
and D will go to Wood Hall.
State Grange Session and Deputies Conference which is to be held in the Fowler Hotel from Tuesday, Oct. 19 to Thursday, Oct. 2i. “Agri-
culture s Respoi^ibility is the sub- performances. In spite of this tising, creative writing, reporting, ject of the talk Dean Reed will give pojjcy^ Adler found that it was fre- fashion illustrating, or designing, at 7:30 p. m. on Tuesday, Oct. 19, q^gntly difficult to break down the should notify the Placement Serin the Fowler Ballroom. resistance of some of his audiences, vice for Women at once. Registration of officers and dele- well-received on Members for the Board are chosga es o e con eience is on on whole, men with recent combat en on a Competitive basis by means day, Oct. 8, at 8 p. m at which time experience seemed to be defiant and of a definite application procedure, the executive committee will have a ^„,eceptive to Adler and ■ Benny. Throughout the year, each member
the University orchestra and
charge of business; and A. B-. Stew- ^ __ ^ ecu caen mcinucx art, director of musical organiza- meeting. On Tuesday morning at 9 »The most enthusiastic audience we comilete7Lur SnmenJ'c^^^^^^
tions and in charge of^alent, nvano-«
Other features which will appear
XT 4 • • „ 4! 44, 1 4 n on the Varieties program are “Wee” Navy Electricians of the 1st Com- ^ ^ . 4, .i -.Lx; Tj £ Bonnie Baker, singer; Dorothy
Donegan, piano specialist, who will co-star with Miss Baker; Martells
the state Grange Conference opens officially with a-series of roll calls
pany, section B, are scheduled for the Glenwood Cooperative House.
Shoemaker House will entertain , .... , ,,
section B of 2nd Company. Third
Company, section A, will go to Phi ^ ®
Mu, while section B will be at Nova-
dale House.
Marine of platoon 3 of Com- , 4, , ri , 4 ,,4.. ixTUTi 'Will be sold for fifty cents, and there panics E and F are to go to WRH , , ,
Doors to the Music Hall will open at 7:15 p. m. Satiu'day, while the show will begin at S-.p. m. Tickets
ette. In the afternoon and evening reports are given and business
transacted.
Special Breakfast
Wednesday morning there will be
pay check for the
South. One-half of p^toon 4, Co. E are to be entertained by Alpha Xi Delta.
will be no reserved seats.
Chi Omega will entertain 1st section, Battery A, of the Army and Delta Gamma Will entertain the 1st section of Battery B. WRH North will be hostess to all of Battery D while Ann Tweedale house has only one-half of the 1st section of Bat-
tery C.
Playshop Invites Service Men To Last Performance Today
the staff; she may be editor-in-chief, career, fashion, art or beauty editor, according to her qualifications. The Board maintains a high
PIA Will Hold
Callout Wednesday
For two short hours last night and Thursday' evening, a 9 membered Playshop cast knocked itself out all over the Fowler Hall stage in a lusty portrayal of Noel Coward’s “Hay Fever.” The audience de-
parted sneezing.
Playshop opened the season
Purdue Independent Association, with a new director, Carl Cass, organization for independent stu- a new technical director, Elsie Yehldents, will hold a callout Wednes- ing, and a cast generously sprinkled day in the PIA offices in the Union, with tried, and still going strong,
The meeting will begin at 7:15 veteraps.
p. m. and will be for those who are Clumping robustly over a rosyinterested in working in the organi- lighted stage, Judith Bliss (Betty zation. Wedge,) leads her outlandish fam- , ..Talent is needed for the planning Sorel Bliss (Jane Grimmei) of radio programs, *a column in the ^simon Bliss (Art Barab), and husExponent, business and social ac- band David Bliss (Milton Kaplan) tivitles management. The ’ callout is through a series of dramatic rendaopen to both civilians and service lions, hectic affairs, and Iqving
men.
had”, Adler confided, “was a group ing new war activities, campus fads,
. . of about 9000 New Zealanders— and fashions. There will be prizes and a welcoming address given by specimens of manhood...” in war bonds and stamps for outDr. A. R. Kilhan, mayor of Lafay- Appreciate Classics standing reports, and, if the article
, “My programs,” stated Adler, is published,
“consisted half and half of jazz and writer.
classical music and it was .surpris- Selected For College Issue ing howwell-the classical music was x. i , -r. i 1 1 1. i. * The ultimate goal which Board received. The general entertainment , i ^ a special breakfast after which picture for men overseas, continued
prizes will be awarded and Com- Adler, “is, however, not very en- on Mademoiselle. In the modore W. E. Longfellow, of the couraging. The needs of the men in ° eac ^ ® ^ American Red 'Cross Qffice in Vir- respect are greatly underesti- Boai^ers are selected to put togethginia, will give an address. Officers mated. The work that the Red Cross ^ August College issue,
will be elected for the coming year jg establishing centers of in the morning. entertainment and relaxation is At 6:30 p. m. on Wednesday the j^^ost commendable but not ade-
Annual Banquet of the State guate.” *
Grange will be held in the Baptist incidental anecdotes from
Educational Building* and will be Adler’s collection, one concerns the standard by selecting students with followed by an address by W. G. near-prophetic words of a GI me- high scholastic standing, an ability Armstrong, treasurer of the Na- ghanic who, struck by the name 8'®^ along with fellow students, tional Grange; The final event of the ‘'pjye Jerks to Cairo” on their DC-3, interest in English, journalevening will be the installation of remarked solemnly before a take- ism, creative work, or publications, officers. The officers and deputies Iran, “Who knows, tomorrow Board members who win the Ediconfetence will be held from 9 a. m. Ipjyg Graves to Cairo’ torships publish their signed arto 5 p. m. Thursday, in the Fowler*, "^yhen the plane appi*oached its tides, sketches, photographs, re-
destination, it was unable to land ceive payment for* the work, and because a whirling sandstorm was learn the inside engine work of a
in progress,* completely blotting out magazine,
the landing field. After circling about at 300 feet for more than an hour, watching their gas supply . diminish dangerously, they located
Tickets for the Union dance Fri- opening in the storm which per-
day, which is to feature Ina Ray
Hutton and her new all-male or- ga^h without mishap.
Disturbing Reports
Draper, soft-spoken but agitated, let drop the first hint that a good
Letters and pledge cards with folders describing the needs of the combined Lafayette Community Fund and War Fund were distributed to all faculty members and campus employees yesterday. Beginning tomorrow, Student Union workers will carry on an extensive ten-day canvass of heads of fraternities, sororities, and residence^halls to collect contributions for the current $125,000,000 combined Community and War Fund drive, John Wooling, Student Union president, has announced. The drive was inaugurated in Tippecanoe county and various communities all over the country this week. The local budget, whiefi totals $126,121.15, is hoped to be reached by Oct. 26. Agencies Combining The local welfare agencies which are normally included in the Community Fund are combining this year’s drive with the War Fund, a policy''adopted throughout the United States this year to save time, tires and gasoline of solicitors. Pledge cards should be signed and returned to President Elliot’s office by Friday, in order that campaign workers will not need to stop at homes of those who have already contributed when they undertake the house to house canvas Tuesday, October 26. Window stickers will be distributed to each donor at the time the gift or pledge is made. Hope To Reach Total Budget The campaign which is already underway is hoped to reach the total budget of $126,121.15 bj? October 2(). This amount includes $69,689 as the county’s share in the National War Fund; $5,880 for half the local USO budget, and $50,558.15 for the local Community Chest. Prof. C. W. Beese, head of the department of general engineering, is chairman of the campus committee which also includes Executive Dean F. C. Hockema and several department heads. T. R. Johnson, director of information, is general chairman of the campaign committee.
By Steve Thomas After^ a very discouraging first half, the Riveter machine got started and rolled through the Ohio eleven for five touchdowns in the third and fourth quarters to score a 30-7 victory. Early in the game, the Buckeyes capitalized on a Riveter fumble on the Boilermaker’s own five yard line to score the touchdown which gave them the lead throughout the entire first half. Forty thousand spectators sat in a raindrenched Cleveland Indian stadium to watch this contest between the two Big Ten teams. Tony Butkovich came to the fore in the scoring column by plowing through the Ohio eleven for four of the five touchdowns. Tony’s average gain per trial was cut down by the adverse weather condition which made the field a mass of slipper mud. Dodging and driving were cut down to a mini-
Parker Starts Scoring Spree Parker started a Boilermaker scoring spree when he made a run from deep in Riveter territory d6'W,n to the Ohio State seven yard line. He displayed fine running ability throughout the last half. Sam Vacant! filled the air with passes in an attempt to score in the first half but the drive was bogged down deep in Buckeye territory.
Lecture Here Thursday
Riveters Outplay Buckeyes The. Riveter team completely outplayed the Buckeyes as the statistics will bear out. The greater percentage of the Riveter’s gains were due to ground offense while the aerial attack accouned for considerable yardage. Both teams suffered heavily from penalties, the Boiler-' makers lost 35 yards while the Buckeyes lost 30 yards. Fumbilitis ’was prevalent in both teams, the Riveters fumbled 2 times and the Buckeyes recovered both of them, while the Buckeyes fumbled 2 times and recovered 1 of them. However, this was very good considering the condition the teams were playing under.
Sales
To Begin This Week
Breeders Attend Consignment Sale
chestra, will be on sale for $1.10 early next week. They may be purchased in front of the Sweet Shop or
from Union representatives who will
be sent to the various student resi- disturb-
dences.
Thieves Plunder Three Fraternities
Early last Thursday morning three fraternities were invaded by robbers. Beta Sigma Psi suffered ham the worst loss in losing $44. The nett
hectic scenes.
Bouncing through the play as week-end guests are Jackie Coryton (Sarah Andrew) who manipulated her legs on, around, and under the sofa in a delightfully dexterous fashion, wolf Sandy Tyrell (Lester Kessler), Myra Arundel (Elaine Kail), and Richard Great(Larry Nielsen), Patsy Barmoved placidly through the
State Hampshire swine breeders were at the University Judging Pavilion yesterday attending Indiana Hampshire Swine Breeders Association consignment sale. Under the direction of Ralph Bishop, secretary of the Association of Atlanta. Hogs were entered by approxi-
were
admitted.
afternoon.
Tau Epsilon Phi
thieves were only interested in part of Clara, the maid, money, taking $40 from members of All service men may come to a Tau Kappa Epsilon and $5 from special performance today at 2:30; Acacia., there is no admission charge.
ing. According to him, the men have ,, „ „
The J.„ce ie to take pl.ee io both .,„de“etah<li,.g of what the ““f 7'™ ballvooms of the Umo„ from 8:30 J hia ely twenty breeders and
until 11:30 p. m. Stags will not be ^nlv feeble attempts made at orien-' auction. The sale began at
a attempts maae at onen ^ continued the rest of the '•‘* tation. It s not surprising that all t
that the men want is to go home,” he said. All these men do up there is sit around in the cold and fight
. . , social fraternity, announces mosquitoes and it’s hard to relate the election of the following officers this inactivity to any kind of global for the coming semester: chancel- strategy.” / lor, Dave Lozow; vice-chancellor, Adler agreed. “Of all the Allied Elvin ' Jens; bursar, Lawrence soldiers, the American is the least Flcischman; scribe, Norman politically educated. Anti-fascist Strauss; steward, James Rosen- propaganda of any vigorous sort is baum; house manager, Hal Rubin- almost non-existant and can hardly stein. (Sefe ADLER, DRAPER, page 4)
H. Frederick Willkie and Dr. Kolschov, two Seagram company officials, will present lectures on the manufacture of synthetic rubber from alcohol made from farm grains Thursday evening at 8 in Fowler Hall. The lecture^, are sponsored jointly by the Indiana !^rm Bm-eau and the local chamber of commerce. The meeting will be open to the general public and there is no admission charge. Dr. Kolschov, the famed Russian chemist who was brought to this country to assist with the manufacture of rubber from grain-prof duced alcohol, is Seagram’s chief chemist. Farm, Bureau members and officials in the neighboring counties have been invited to the meeting. The president of the Farm Bureau, Hassil Schenck, will appear on the program. On Thursday noon, Willkie who is the brother of Wendell L. will address the Lafayette Kiwanis Qlnb on industrial training programs designed to stimulate war production.
Sensanbaugher and Parks led a determined but inexperienced Ohio eleven offensive. Senders gave a very good account of himself in the punting job, punting clear over the Boilermaker safety men. Sensanbaugher ran the only Ohio touchdown around the end of the Riveter line. Thomas did a very good job on the line, halting several attempted break throught. Parks made a spectacular tackle which stopped another Boilermaker touchdown when he,., caught Parker on the seven yard line.
The Boilermaker line held up its reputation as being one of the best lines in the nation, by producing numai’ous openings in the Buckeye line. Bauman and Buscemi proved themselves more than capable by hanging on to a slippery ball consistently. The entire line stopped the Ohio running offense very efficiently, and recovered several of Ohio’s fumbles. The backfield was very well balanced with the attack centgring around Topy Butkovich. Dimancheft' accounted for considerable yardage on several nice runs before withdrawing from the game because of an injury.
Faculty Notice To Members of the Faculty: The October meeting of the Faculty will be held on Monday, October 18, at 4 p. m., in Room 103, Physics .Building*. A full attendance is expected. , —Edward G. Elliott
President.
Mudball
Starting Lineups Purdue (30)
Ohio (7)
hey there clarence i hear
Buscemi
...L.E.' *
...Dugger
that the faculty has been
Kasap
.. L.T
Willis
given some new student
Barvyegan
.. L.G
Miller
rating forms to fill out
Morel
c
..Appleby
i guess the university
Agase
R.G
. Hackett
has decided that the
Genis
... R.T
.. Thomas
teachers don’t have enough
Bauman
.. R.E
..Souders
to do with teaching three
Vacant!
... Q.B
Williams
or four different groups
Stuart
... L.H. Sensanbaugher
of students.
Dimancheft'.,..
.. R.H
.,Paj^8
—MUDBALL
Butkovich
... F.B
Davis
V- '■ /aPd^ 2
Purdue Exponent
Sunday, October 17, 1943
Purdue Exponent combined with Purdue Independent'
Offices Edii-orial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Spqrfs, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10pm, 5377
Editor BusincsR Managrer News Editor Manaffinsr Editor sports Editors
Ellis Murpli Mary Dilt William H Tvao Carolyn Wilbp Ra>mond J Smith Russell M Lipep
Publication Staff Editorial Staff Afi'^ocinle Fdilors TTck Allttt Ruth M Ford Madelyn A Grolncs J'lmt.fe T Richaid n M i oi Y ist Hes Jamc Ackerman Ser\ice Sf-iff Al rr B tl CilncI I-iiis loo Friedman Jack Mirtire 7f \ Nc^mm |
Business Staff
Adyertisinsr Manafror C I Gaunt Assistant Advertisms Manager Betty Maney Circulation Manager R G Sauer nan
Staff For This Issue NiR-ht EdKor f.rolnes Editor Osdci Citv Editor lord Issue Editor Yarga Reporters hi ii \\i ci Ti! tl I la 1 Obti I Ritl iris n G rr It I C. Ill 1 W C rl W Wright Ii Simon S fhora i Staff Photographer W C Tollier
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafpy ette Indiana iii dcr the act of Conj rcss of March 3 1879 and at the sp -eml rate of p stage provided for in section 1103 act f Oc 0 or 3 191 aiithonred January 20 1922 Publ hed cn T icsdaj Thursday ind Saturday mornines dur II B tlu \eai ege 11 ccita u vacat on perio Is Delivered daily bv curlier f r M 23 fir i s itnstcr by mall for $160 for a e n t r S b i ii t oi may be oltainid at the Exponent offic t r it th West D k of th Uni n R pres nt 1 f r i at oi 1 a Iv rtising by National Advertis II g Ser\ e ]i C 11 ke I nblishers Representatives 420 Mid on A\e N w York N Y
Meet The Team . . . Oui football team w ill letuin fiom the game] at Cle\ eland today at 11 53 a m The team' played a good game against stidng opposition When the playeis climb down fiom the train] platfoim, let s let them know that we appieciate the woik they do, and the honoi they| bung to the Unueisity The cheers of tho student body mean a lot to the team, lust as much, if not moie, than the team’s victoiies] on the giidiion mean to the students The football playei woik, ieall> woik for, fifteen hoiu k out theie on then prac-] tice field getti leady to play one game on Satinday afteinon We loaf e\eiy afternoon and then, aftei sitting on a bench and watching a great game of ball on Satuiday afteinoon, we come home, ciiticize, and claim partial Cl edit loi the Mctoiy, simply because it IS the Unneisity’s team and we attend the Unn ei sity Today w hen the tiain pulls in, oiu new cheei Jeadei will be at the station with his assistants 1 cad:y to lead those w ho have enough appi eciation of wnat the team has done to go down and cheei foi them The members of the pep committee will be theie, and they will have the Boileimakei special at the station leady to lead the \ictoiy paiade back to the campus The team w ill ceitainly be there The playeis of oui teVm will expect the students to be thAe Each man on the team gave his all in the game vesteidaj, and he wants to know that his woik is appieciated We know that each student m the UniveisiU does appieciate the woik ol the football team but the playeis ha\e no other way of knowing this, except by the cheeis of v-n-couiagement and congiatulations which ^hey lecen e It IS up to the students to give these cheeis ol cncouiagement and congiatulations, and the team w on’t hear the cheei s unless the students aie theie at the station when the team comes home We can not effectively let a gieat team know that we do lealize what they are doing toi the Univeisity unless each one ol US i« theie to welcome them home Remembei thej lepiesCnt you on the placing field You as a student ot this Univeisity aie dutj bound to give joui active suppoit to the team loda> at the Big Foui station is join oppoitunity to show that jou aie actively suppoiting youi team —e m
Ss/wkiL SPdpeA.
Keith E. Sickafoose Civil Enpiiicciint majoi in the Univcisitv is novi stationed at Blown Univtisity in Piovidencc Hhodt Island Pvt Sickafoose has been named 111i4,ht leader in the ‘C unit of the Aimv An Foiee Pie meteoiologj Detachment D^yid George Singleton student at the Univeisity at the time he enteied the All Coips ill Apiil is noee jeeeiving his basic flight tiaining at the Bambiidge (Geoigia) Aimv An I leld While at the Ui iveisitj Cadet Singleton was a meinbei ol thg Sigma Aljiha I psilon social liatei lutj Curtis L. Buiun JoimtjJ\ I iudent il tin Unufisitf hi le tened his i on mi on as second lieutenant m thi Aimj An Jmecs 11 Bmen wa in iviation c idet at J in m i I leJd /ill n j ( i Lt Vincent I. Miilican icnmei Univeisiti student was just giaduated us an Aiiny An 1 oitos pilowt Napu i 1 idd Dothnn Ala Lt MiUitari attended the Unneisity tin thice ytais
mmm , t«l> U S Nl Off MERRY'60-ROUHPi iy DREW PEARSON Wendell Willkie Reforms; Now Yoices Own Convictions Jn Fjrsf Campaign Speech (The Biass Ring good foi one fiee iide on the Washington Meuy Go Round, is >waided today to Wendell Willkie)
GRINA^pafARIT
By Liefity
WASHINGTON—Wendell Willkie has just launched what IS legaided as his hist campaign speech- Be tween the Willkie who spoke in St Louis yesteiday and the Willkie who battled that hectic 1940 campaign against Roosevelt theie has been a tiemendous
change
It may not be ^ppaient fiom a distance, but to those who haye seen him close up, it is quite deal that the wai, his tiip aiound the woild, his conveisa oions with such men as Chuichill, Stalin, DeGdulle, Chiang Kai shek have left a definite^mpiint on hi=
oolitical soul
You can see the change between the Willkie oi 1940 ind the Willkie of 1943 You can see that he is now /oicing a platfoim of his own, his leal convittions, lot the platfoi m devised foi him by a pussyfooting, lepublicin convention which consideied him as a po itical pig in a poke whom they could discaid if he hdn t make the giade Willkie IS now proving hun&elt a lough person to fiscald In fact he is a beai by the-tgil and Republi ans can t let go 1 hey found this out during WiUkie’s eeent four to pep up GOP state committees, which urned out to be one ot the most unusual political aunts in i eeent political histoiy 1 or instead ol wooing Republican votes, he almost ebufled them In unvarnished language he fold local lepubhean big wigs that the Party could not come jack lo power with such time-honoied cliches as ‘ free >nlerprise ’ or back to normalcy ’ He has deliveied Louiageous, critical almost scathing lectures on social progression and what’s wrong with the Republican party He knocked dow n some ol the most sacred cows in the Giand Old Party yet with such trank and breathtaking charm that most people, while disagree
mg, liked him
Secret Meeting
Typic il of these seciet Republican meetings was the Willkie session with the Republican Ctate Cential Committee in Califoinii Beside him at lunch sat Lieut Gov Fiedeiick F Hoiisei Mayoi Fletchei Bowl on oi Los An„eles, Chailie Lyons, GOP speakei oi the Assembly and Republican Nation il Committee
woman Edith V in de Watei
Befoie>him sat seveial bundled Republican com mitteemen, local ofhee holdeis piecinct woikeis and iolloweis ot Gov Waiien Ihey had come to look ovei the man loi whom they had beat the dium in 1940 and about whom they had then doubts toi 1944
Willkie called upon to speak got up
ili$t Lookino Arpuptf
By Jack Abbott
There was a saying ^arly in the last war that if the Italians jQine^ the Cen,tral Powers, it would take three divisions to defeat Italy. If they stayed neutral the allies said, it would take seven divisions to insure their neutrality, and if the ]tta,ha^fls jowed the alhes, tt was assumed that ten divisions would be
needed to keep Italy from be- .
ihg defeated This, unfortun- Maiyiand about the conduct pf an ately, was what the (Germans “evei righteous” stpte official Porfoilnd out w^en they had the tunately Matthews has received the Italians on their side, and it of many national leaders ' who are supporting him in his fight
for a continuance of a free press The United States has little tP worry about as long as such men as Matthews continue to print the truth iro matter who atteplpts to otop them, and by what means VfBAA $chefljuje
Monday
10 10 Ntwi.
“In oui day, leaving the poich light on was enough to guide oui wandeimg son home, now they have to turn on the floodlights on the landing field ” '
University Calendar SuBiday, October 17
2 JO P M Plajshop— H^^ Fovci ’ Eliza Fowler Hall 7 15 P M Lutlician Students Meeting East Faculty Lounge, Union Monday, October 18 All Day Indiana Hereford Bieedeis’ Cattle Sale Judging Pavilion 10 00 A M C oLinty Agents Meeting West I acuity Lounge, Union 7 30 PM Hillel Foundation—Lectuie Eliza Fowler Hall
JJm,
Qhivudksi&u Univeisity Presbyteiian Chinch
North Street, Near Grant Rev John W Findlej Minstei
9 30—Student Class led by Di G
adjusted his H Giaves will meet in the Lounge
pants, told a tunny story and then ga^e it to them 10 10—Morning 'Woiship Seivicc Actually he was talking to his political enemies He Mi Findley will discuss ‘A Good could have been ambiguous or attacked Roosevelt, and Man s Ups and Downs ^allied then too pel cent suppoit Inste rd he attacked 5 qo ^Games and cnteitamment thorn and had some piaise loi Roosevelt the Recieation Room You have to give the devil his due ’ Willkie shot 5 30—Sunday Evening Fellow at his staitled audience the soeiil lefoims of the ship supper at 20 cents a plate Foi New Deal aie here to stay and it you had been halt lowing ._ui lei the gioup will con as smalt as President Roosevelt the Republicans tinue n a discuesion ot peace plans
would have advocated the legislation thrt biought the ^
New Deal to powei
Mass J 5 15 p m and alter 7 15 on Sat urd ly—Confessions
may ^e oui turn next to find out that (the Italians make better allies when^hey are fighting on the other
^ide X X-
Martial! Badogolio and his pro allie^ government have declared wayHipon Japan ^nd have thus giv the woild anptljei big laugh. It IS hard to figure out what the Ita ban's can do against the Japanese—
except run awAy, but in some way 10 45—Smili Time they plight he-,able to get in the — -
way of the Anglo American forces opeiating in the Pacific Some ex pectant allied leaders have said that the “still gieat” Italian fleet—what IS lett of it—will be moved to the Pacific to help defeat the Japs This might be so, but wheie are the Jta bans going to get all this get up and go that they have been lacking
so lai
—X X— A few months ago Biitish and 4meiican leadeis weie all out in then denunciation ot Italy and the Italian government, and promises weie flying thick and fast around the allied nations that Italy would get its just deserts for then part in the butchery of Euiope and Af rica But now Italy has been ac eepted as an ally, which seems to be a complete about face on the pait of the Biitish apd Americans Have the allied leadeis foi gotten what “nice peaceful” Italy did to the A1 banians, Gieeks, Seibs Ethiopians,
Prof o r
11 50 Purdue News
11 fir—Newb
12 00—Faim J'oium 12 50—Mott (he Band
12 55—Ntws
1 00—H)mtmaktis Club V Beiry
1 15—Musie
1 30 Partnts Ftium
1-15 Markets
1 r5 Ntws
2 00 Stoiy a D y Ju Iv Haidy 2 15 Trtasury Stai Paradt
2 30 lyiBbic 2 5 — News
7 00—Maiy Lujiso Reppoit pianist
3 K AfttAoon M lodits I 50 Musical ViiRtiPS
3 r News
1 00 Tea Time Tunes
^ 5o Just Relax
1 r—New
) 00-I ittj< Ml s Muftott
5 K—Music
'' ^0—Vespeis
16 'jpeuts Rtviow C 00— Minute of Piuyei (01 D I nt 1 Houi
( rr—News
00 Iradt Winds lavorn " 30 Allies vs Hitlel
4 —M iSic 7 5r News
8 00—'Iht Bookman
8 15—Misic
8 50 Voice of the Aimy 8 4r—E>I^ehtide Echoes
8 r—News
9 00—Musicana
) 30— Anything But Swing
) 65—News
10 00 Off the Au
Kappa Delta Pi
00 to 10 30 on Fiiclav evenii o An open house will be held with
It you continue to campaign on the basis ot tiee leeieation unci lefieshments
Wesley Foundation ( Ol iiei State and Sheetz Streets Rev E R Bdlsley, Ministei 9 30—Sunday School 10 40—Morning Worship will be held at the Fust Methodist Chinch Chauncey and South Stieets Di Otto Scott Steele will speak on the siibiect “The Chiistian Woild Mis Sion The chon will sing “Lost in the Night’ by Chiistianson Maiy Biad^haw, soloist will sing “Let Us Have Peace ” 4 30—Picnic piity will leave the Founda on 7 00 next Fiiday — Hallowe’en paitv at the T'orndation
and Flench’ The Italians have
nevei treated the peoples they have education honoiaiy, will hold conqueied with kindness, in fact next meeting Tuesday, Octobei they have heaped nothing upon loom 363 in the Union Dr D then cpnqueied but hate and biu ^ Scott, Wai Tiaining Depaitment, tality The allied leadeis should not speak on “New Developmepts and must not foi get the pait Italy Visual Aids ” It will be an open
enteipiise 01 igainst buieauciacy icgimentation piicc ceilings, icdeial centialization ol powei Will kic almost snailed jou won’t get anywhere ’ Naturally 'Willkie denounced isolation and gave his alieadj ncll known views on world cooperation But his views on the home trout vieie what really put his audience on then heels ‘You cant win by merely taking polls and saying the people v\ ant this and that, ’ W illkie w arned Whj, I have halt a mind to take a poll right heie 111 bet that 90 percent ot jou men don t go to chuich once a jeai But it I took a poll heie today and asked hqw m iny of you aic chmcligoers cverjoiie ot you would raise joui ^laiid ’ Wealth And Freedom Jhon Willkie went back to iiee enteipiise He told a little of his own life histoiy, how he lett Elwood to make liSOOOO so he could settle down and be a iiee man how making $50,000 was a meie ‘ whipstitch , and how he immediately w iirted moie Finally when he had made half a million he iound that wealth did not beget fieedom Willkie warned that though he still believed m iiee enteipiise “You must put the 1 esponsibility toi social iieedom upon tiee enteipiise Youi coipoiations youi big businesses, must pay foi the elevation ot humanity And y ou must admit, by God that the New Deal acting as an igenttoi a tiemendous sociological loice has answeied the needs oi the people I am opposed to the New Deal now, ’ WiUkie said, because it has degeneijted into a power without policy—a day lo day system ol balance of power in stead ot ail administiation listening to the people and deling accoiduigly ’ Willkie criticized Republicans foi their “anti” attitude, like the taimers in Indiana who wanted no ceil mg on prices^ no contiol on new equipment, yet advocated a floor below which prices could not go I ou d get the damndest bureaucracy by that system you have ever seen,” he stpimed Warns Againsf Sniping Willkie even warned his fellow Republicans to quit sniping to quit talking about peisonalities, such as the Piesidcnt’s family and othei New Dealeis ‘I don’t like Mis Roosevelt eithei ” he said ai)d then Hided huiuoiously that the leasons he dglnt’ like Ijci was not because ot hei teeth 01 hei leloims but be cdusjc she h ul got the tup to Austi ilia which he had
asked toi
Howcvci ’ he added ‘Mis Rooseve It is one oi the most intelligent women in Amciica ’ Willkie also spoke ol Chiiichill paying tiibute to his gicatncss ind his lecognition ot the tact that Ameiica and I ngland must woik togethei I hen with a twinkle, Willkie added I understand why Mi Chin chill atHaivaid said ‘( oipt join us let us woik togethei ’ Jt would be like gqiilg lo John D Rockelellci apd saying onic let us pool our rtsouiccs and woik togethei ’ 'Jhe coiiipanson IS about the same ’ (Copyiiglil, 191 J, by United Icatuie Syndicate )
St lohn s Episcopal Chinch Sixth and Deny Rev R I 1 hoi ntoii Rector 8 a m —Holy Communion 10 15 i m—Moining piayei and SOI vice The topic of the seimon is ‘ Why the Chuich ’
St
Mary’s Catholic Chuich 12th and Columbia Fdwaid Holland, Student
Pastoi
G 30, 8 00, 9 30 and 11 30 a m -
Rev
Hillel Foundation 11b Sheetz Street Rabbi M H Simon 10 30—Seivices will be held in Fowlei Hall Rev E R Balsley ot the Wesley Foundation will be the speikei 7 45 Monday — Rev Richaid Ev ms of Milwaukee will speak at Fowlei Hall betore the student gioup Buy War Bonds
played in the piesent woild con flict on the side of Geimany —X X— In the quiet Maiylard countiy side lives a man who seems to pds sess a gieatei amount of coinage than IS noimally found in a small town newspapei publishei This man’s name is Rives Matthews Matthews publishei of the Someiset News, has been chaiged with ciiminal libel by one of the high state officials of Maiyland, who thinks that Matthews hasn’t the ight to lepoit to the citizens of
meeting
MAKE MILLER'S YOUR ^ MUSIC headquarters' Records (popular and classical) ' Siheet music (latest hits) Instruments iind Accessories Instrument Repairing MILLER MUSIC CO. 514 Mam Lafayette Phone 7917
has ^^e<fhif>$-
/
in the shadow of, sinister sOS pensol
that mounts to Ihrilling pturel
V I , opera ^1 with deoth ^
I at every pet 1 fotmoncol
1 ""'mSON EDDY « SUSANNA FOSTER OAIE RAINS umnifiTU -w mniiie-
T
JUDV SWINGS youR favorites/
LUMA TODAY gnd TOMORROW
TOMMY DORSEY and ORCSSEST^ Igf BOB CROSBY ^d ORCHfS^TRA " Fay Baintcr - Richard CarlsSn Sprmg Byington - Marta Eggerth Conijie ilchrist - Leonid Kinskey
JVlt/l UMRD CRE6AR Una O'Connor Alan MpwhrflV lyielyille Cooper Franklin Fangborn OIrscisd by John Stahl froijucMl nnd Wlllt*/! foi lha Scrssn by Nlinnolly Johnion ♦ from ihs Novel by Arnold d")"***
n It
* w'"r
'Matliie News
’By jay‘Newman, A.S., USNR I- fiEGINNER’S LUCK—BA,0 . yOjii jtjiales fk|)9,vit embarrassing of V-l? men when they jstiil heiv ijo ,the Navy,.add this qne fp your,collection.' •. ^^rhing last July Bob Ts’chirgj, .A.S., was in thie wash room insciidhfcij^ his new whites. Jt w^s yery wa^'m that day and 'a| ti^e Bph was ,clad pnly ,in .his ilipase sl^pRers. Suddenly ,tlie unex-^ pectad happend: a voice from the dppk below rang out, “,^ttentipn!” This Cpuld piean ipnly one thing: an officer ,had ^’ustsentered the hppse. '^hw Edh^^had.nV idea,of ,the.exapt rules governing a meeting with gn.pfficdt When you’re completely out of uniform, but he ,wasn’t taking,any changes. ,6rabbing’ his’ ibex\pf e9ap .chips, be .scurried put of ,the wash rooih 'ahd’went sailing down the passageway' ' I'Suddenly he skidded to an abrupt halt, for just a few. feet ahead stood J ■Jjieiiteriant Commander iKegley! Bob'snapped to attention, shielding hiihself as'best'he could with.the box of soap chips. The commander, perhh.ps a‘ bit-puzzled at the sight which greeted his eyes, .stepped up to hgye ahettei’-lOOk. Just as that moment the hottom of the soap box .gave whii^'and'the'ehttwy-white chips drifted down slowly to form a neat little mobnd' all ■I’oUnd Bob’s' and Commander Kegley’s feet. After both pairs dhe With dismay and one with amusement, had followed the last Httife'flake' down to the deck, the commander stepped back and wi th a smile Wljtlkfed away. Bob retreated,- slightly dazed, into his room, spnk unhappily into a chair and spent most of the day trying to quiet his shaken ■nprvesi' '
,|^ TIP P.^Oiyi[ THOSE WHO KNOW v^,(^^i:;cP?4inP’^dJj9ys from the fleet, white stripes on the blue jumpers .be Wflghed W^^apt washing the whole juinpor. The .trick is to scrub tbe^atripea with a toothbrush or band brush, .using soap and waljer. Then Wash off the soap with the brush and hang the jumper up to dry. . an added refinement, put the newly-washed mateiflal right up to .ttpd blow out'gny .soap that may still bp there. Those who know jay that if yoU don’t go through the last gtep, tlm^ifripes wifi grow yellow. |f yei>^o. thoug|i; they’ll dry ont anowy white. ► TEE most famous navy man in THE WQELD '^^T^^e\United States Navy has a history that is as proud and stimulating Js 'aby,We’ve ever’I'ead. Sonieday we intend to devote a whole column id sorfle of the daring exploits'of nayal heroes of the .past. Today, however; yve bn ly''h aye room to tell you about a man whose name you may riot dvCrt know. Iri' l^flO a book entitled “The Influence of Sea Power on History” was Writibn by a captain in ,the United States Navy. That book was destined to become the most important piece of naval literature ever written in , any language. In it, the author advanced his arguments for preponderant
By CpI. Jack Martire Congratulations to the winners of the Service Men’s Beauty Contest, Margie Lee, Roma Jean Cessma, Evelyn McGenniss and Perky Rogers. The queen and her three sisters in beauty
PERKY Rogers
. . . Navy choice, is seventeen, at-
EVELYN McGINNESS
... Preference of the Army to rep-
RQMA jean CESSMA . Marine choice to represent
MARGIE LEE"
. . Service Men’s Beauty Queen is a student at DePauw University, a . ’ j' 0,”’''I''''T ’... 1 reierence
member of A. O. P. Entry made by Pvt. Bill Kreisle, United States tends Shortridge.IIigli School, and resent them'. Is twenty-two, Irish, their service. Hails from Danville,
exptjcts to be a labqratpiy technir- and an excellent dancer. Home is Ind.; member of Zeta Beta Psi. Pic-? eian- Photograph submitted by A/s Brooklyn, N. Y. Submitted by GpL ture entered by Fv-t, David Yazell, — Hathaway, Naval Training School. Albert Huels, ASTP. U.S.M.C.R.
Marine Corps Reserve.
* BULLETIMS JnyltjMfniis, FratornRy Letter ..He^ds end Envelopes—-Paper -Towols, Tpilst Paper—Typewriter ,Pepejr—5dc the reem
Phone 7828
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY
511 Ferry Street
STRAUSS SA^S' . l i'’ IT’S ONE DAY NEARER VICTORY!
r r
MltlJARY PREFtREHCE”
APPOHJIffl BY THE MVr ;■( 1 ; w 1', U i I (for this area) to present Officers'Uniforms and Accessories under the ' Naval Plan. They are fine in fabric—they are cut and tailpred with the Nayy tradition thht demands; Fit, Comfort—Authority— Gharacfer-—' They are presented in a straight-line pfQcedure— (Navy—Manufacturer—Retai ler) ■^creating a standard of VALUE that no othdr rYiethod seems to achieve. UHlldllHl ANP OVTERCOATS FOR FAI AND WInKR READY! MEN IN THE land, sea and air forces evidently find a special satisfaction in the selecting,from the Man's Store-—that has a masculine viewpoint in all matters of service—that understands Regulations thoroughly—that has an Alteration and'Fitting staff that can do miracles in emergencies— It is this Mi.li.mry Preference that has given The Man's Store fhe standings— as "One o,f .the Great Military Shops of America."
L. STRAUSS ^ CO., INC V. b , 'S
INDIANAPOLIS
sea power and skillfully drew lessons froni past history which showed that extended national prosperity is not possible without the use of sea power. He stated his views, with many supporting incidents drawn from history, so convincingly that they profoundly influenced the foreign,-policies of every country in the world with any sort of a navy. His name was Admiral Alfred Thayer Mahan. Adniiral Mahan’s works are the accepted “bible” of all large navies today. It has been reported that every German ship afloat during the last war had a complete set of his volumes in its reading room. Incidentally, Admiral Mahan once stated that more of his books and magazine articles had been translated into Japanese than into any other foreign language! . It’s hard to over-emphasize in what high regard Admiral Mahan is held by naval authorities. He is considered to be the most famous navy man that ever lived, surpassing such heroes as Nelson and Jones. He is the only man ever allowed to skip his first term at Annapolis; even so he was top man in his class. If you have neyer even heard of him, maybe you’ll agree with us when we say that the public is woefully uneducated in naval history and strategy. After this war that error will probably be corrected, because our contact with Japan is necessarily naval. » Buy War Bonds And Stamps
may well be proud of having’ been selected as the representatives of the soldiers, sailors and marines at the University. To the Marines belongs the honor of having presented the winning photograph. To the. Marines whose entry won, Pvt. Bill Kreisle^ we hope that the contest has^heiped your Chances, —^ — —- — " ' ■ ■ ■ if by happenstance, they need entries were voted on by the sol- and staff for the publicity and the helping. cliers, sailors and marines. This bal- prize, the fitted traveling case which To those girls who were not eliminated the lai-ge gTOup is: on its way to the winner. CA -pArtiinata Qo -(-A V. T7A n down to twelve pictiues, foul fiom And we shall remember those faSO fortunate as to have been each of the services. The^e selected mous last words so often repeated: Winners of the contest may we photographs were presented to Lt. <‘j J had entered my girl”,
quote from the Latin and the Col. Hicks of the ASTP arid Lt.
18 DECREES... ALSO 6 IN SRECIAl CHISEL POINT
Whatever course you take, if drawing, drafting or tracing are important parts, Microtomic Van Dyke pencils with HI-DEMSITY LEAD will make the going easier, faster. Longer,wear, smooth-as-silk, even lines, extreme opacity without heavy pressure. These extra advantages make for better work, higher skill.
and
French: “De gustibus non disputan- Commander Kegley of the Naval dum est” and “Chacun a son Gout”., Training School who graciously Since there is no accounting for agreed to be the judges. After detastes, you may revel in the fact liberation-and the settling of indivthat your service man thinks you idualpreferencesatBattalioii Headbeautiful enough to enter in a con- quarters, these gentlemen reached test in.which he knew he would have the verdict which is herewith exstrong competition. posed. . Great Interest Shown Humor Not Excluded The interest which the whole conr Various incidents which occurred test has aroused may be taken from during the contest added, color and the throngs who crowded around the humor. There was reference made photographs when they were posted to the “battle of beauty” in the allin front of the Sweet'Shop. Such a army show “Khaki on the Kamtribute to all the entries may well pus”; one fellow entered the piesuggest that' the service men have ture of a baby as his best girl; there looked far and have not wanted for was a dog Cixlled “4-F” who didn’t, beauty. incidentally, draw many votes; finW,e would like to thank all the there- was the soldier who men who submitted photographs for wi'ote: “this girl is the reason I’m looking forward to my furlough”. Although'the idea started with a
the contest. Without them there would have been no competition.
EBEHHi^HD FABER
in fine ‘wrttinc
materials since T849
•These service men may retrieve the soldier, the success of this first Serpicturels on Monday afternoon after vice men’s Beauty Contest was 4 p. m. at the Exponent Office in the made possible by theExponent and basement of the Union, we, the service men, wish to thank After the close of the contest, the the business manager, the editor
Cadet Examination A mental examination for avaition cadets will be given qualified men here on Tuesday evening Oct^ 19 at 7:30 at the Cary HaH Headquarters, under the auspices of the Civil Air Patrol. This may be the last examinaT tion of its type to be given here for some time, and all men interested are urged to apply immediately. Applications may be secured from the adjutant at Cary Hall. BULLETIN x\ll Servicemen: There will be a special presentation of “Hay Fever” in Eliza Fowler Hall Sunday afternoon at 2:30 instead of 7 :30 Sunday evening-as previously announced. Admission may be obtained upon presentation of a service card. Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Give yourself a fragraht pat on the back with this dainty, flower sprinkled powder mitt. Filled with apple blossom dusting powder that filters through like cool, smooth velvet against your skin. Ref liable, of course.
Work on That ■ / . of Yours—
And You Won’t Be Out in tho Cold This Winter
Parts for All Needs! > PETER ANDERSON CO.
Corner of Sixth and Alabama
Phone 4048<1 rl I
rage 4
% - ■• ;;w7|?."4T, r^?u7T7^i^; 'BoUermaleer Sporits
Sunday, October 17, 1943
Boxing Finale Close; > Butkovich Holds personnel Notes Hawks Slated As
Date Changed To Nov. 6 Boxing Coach Jim Beers announced Friday night that there will be but SIX more bouts before the finals of the Intramural boxing tournament will be fought Due to the ending of the current semester and the resultant confusion, the finals have
been moved forward to November 6, Saturday night, starting at 7:45 It will feature eight bouts, the Univeisity band, and
several novelty acts, some of evolution. stall m the process of gojjgj||^g|jg,.j |Jgp|j Out of the 65 entrants to this — I f
year s edition of the box^mg [Qpj |p (,011161611(6
tournament, 21 remain. This In 0ff6nsiv6 Pow6r
This
IB a result of the eliminations which take place daily on the boxing deck. The quarter finals netted foui knockouts, D McMillan, J Zver-
The Hoosiei members of the Western Conference, the Boileimakeis
bliss, W Giier, and L Biazy admin- ^nd Indiana, aie setting the pace in istering the coup de giace offensive and defensive play foi the Thursday night A Jenkins met L eaily games of the Big Ten footGammeter in the only bout of the ball campaign The Riveteis, who evening Gammetei a V-12 student aie gaining lecognition as one of defeated Jenkins, a Navy electiician the season’s gieat teams, aie tops by a very close margin Ganimeter m offensive while Indiana has demdisplayed a veiy efficient guaid onstiated the best defense against the veiy lough and tumble Confeience game, the tactics of Jenkins In Tuesday’s Boileimakeis gained 454 yaids and
bouts Zferbhss, a Mamie sergeant,
defeated Cuitiss, a V-12 student, in ^ed by Tony Butkovich, who tops a very fast knockout The time was Confeience in scoiing, Puidue 2 minutes 10 seconds Before Cm- made its yaidage good foi 40 points tiss was declared out he was Indiana, while losing to Noithwesknocked down three times I^^Id the Pui- ^ Plc to 92 yaids and only 36 on the
giound Illinois, with its fast youngsteis, is second in offensive powei,
Ian and W Grier will be matched against E Ruff on Monday, while
on Tuesday W Efnor will meet L. Michigan thud The Wolvei-
Gammeter,
nounced
it was fuither an-
Notices
ines come second in defense and then suipiisingly, is the young Iowa team ~ One noticeable item in the eaily Confeience play is that the youngei teams do not match those with veterans in punting Northwestern
Seventh Term ME s and AE’s It is time With 36 6 has the best kicking aveifor you to begin having employment inter- , MioTnonn witVi “1^; i« opp views Secure the following material from iVllcnigan Wltn do 0 IS seC Miss Hacker in the ME Office 1 Interview ond But teams like Illinois, Illdl procedure sheet 2 Company list 3 Re , ^ , „„ quest for Interview cards 4 Confidential alia and lowa aie not aveiaging 30 buneUn b^rranrExpoSent^fo?.ntoview y^lds With the exception of Indl—BOLZ ana, the youngei teams also show
Stndenta Any student who wishes to woik 1^®^ of expeiience at folwaid passfor the Registrar during the registration for mg and have had to depend mainly
the November Term November 5 and 6 1943 will please leave his name at the desk in the Registrar s office —STONE
on lunnmg
The following aie the team stand mgs and statistics, not including
Attention Advanced M T s If you pur _
chased an August 1943 Debris please come o-Qi-noc v.1 itrprl p,i nntplip, 1fi to the Debris office to receive your copy games playeu Oil (Jctobei lb
—GRAUMLlCH
(Not Including Oct 16 Games)
Aeromodelers Peregine Bolls Du Waldt contact me Phone 35202 •—CRIST
Michigan
There will be a meeting of Puidue
Noithwestein
ROTC Men
the ROTC Friday evening at '' 30 at the Scout hall in Lafayette —JONES
Sigma Alpha Epsilon Meeting in loom
304 every Monday at 7 30 p m
men on campus please attend —JONES
Wisconsin
g in loom T11,„_,„ All service fiOBOlS
Iowa
Indiana
Lutheran Students Our S mday Devo
tional will be held in the East Faculty n/r . Lounge at 7 p m October 1 A discussion Minnesota will be held upon very timely subjects If QhlO State
possible bung a friend to share your en joyment —MATTHEWS Pi Tau Sigma Informal initiation Tues day October 19 7 30 p m Everybody be there Formal initiation Wednesday October 20 4 30 p m Coats and ties will be m order —EVANS All E E Students AIEE meeting Wednes day October 20 at 7 30 C G Miller of the Weston Meter Co will speak on Inter esting Facts About Indicating Instruments
Everyone is welcome to attend
—SMITH
w 1 1 1 1 1 0 0 0 0
Pet 1000 1 000 500 500 500 000 000 000 000
Notice
Basketball practice will start Monday, October 18, at 4 p m. Candidates will be required to furnish their own equipment un-
til a squad is formed
—LAMBERT.
^Continued fiom page 1)
compete with thp subtle enemy piouaganda ” He went qn to relate, by way of illustiation, known incidents wheie Ameiican prisoners who had leceived paiticulaily good tieatment m Geiman prison camps, weie peimitted to escape The net effect of this practice was k tendency to think of the enemy as a pietty good fellow aftei all—as a result of th^ escaped soldier’s tales “Our soldiers don’t fully appreciate the character and nature of the Fascist enemy”, he continued,” and to many men it is John L Lewis who, in then opinion, epitomizes all vhat they are fighting against ”
Fascist Propaganda
“Fascist piopaganda” remarked Draper, “has apparently travelled farther east than it has north ” According to his obseivations, the men in the desolate Arctic regions are not piling up their resentment on any one man but the dearth of accurate and timely information is just as acute in Newfoundland as it is in Italy According to Adler, the abundance of comic books in the PX’s is evidence not that the men want that sort of leading but that it is virtually all that is available One commanding officer, however, has arranged to receive the plates for TIME magazine and with the use of improvised facilities, the magazine is printed in Iian and distributed among his men before the American airmail edition airives
Without Pay
‘ Another thing I would do”, Adler said, “would be to withhold the bulk of the pay of the soldiers Give them only enough for minimum needs and keep the rest in some kind of fund which they would receive after the war Because they are so well paid, American soldiers create mfiation wherever they go Not only are they willing to pay in dollars what a trinket is woith in cents but they bid against each other /or the privilege of buying the item Why, one soldiei offeied me $176 for my fountain pen’” Both Diaper and Adler agreed that the next to being home, the men would like to heai and see as much about home as possible They suggested that newsieels of mam stieets, ball games and the like would nicely augment pictures, letters and broadcasts All of these are of srgnificant rmportance to the morale of the men, they felt When we started to leave, Adler asked “Are there any service men aiound heie who won’t be able to come to the show tomoiiow—sick
01 something
“We can airange a special show
” added Drapei
We knew what they meant and assuiod them that all men who wished to attend the show would be
able to
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
L6ad In Individual
Scoring Honors
Tony Butkovich, the Boilermaker fullback, is off to a flying start in the competition for individual seeking honors in Western Conference football Butkovich has scored four touchdowhs in the Boilermakers’ only Confeience game that, inci-
dentally, against Illinois
Tied for second place in scoring are four playeis with two touchdowns each They are Bill Daley the foimei Minnesota star, on lendlease at Michigan from the Marines, Don Kindt, the duiable Wisconsin freshman, and Don Greenwood and Chot Sajnaj of Illinois Eddie McGovern of Illinois IS next with nine points on a touchdown and three conversions Thus the all civilian Illinois team places thiee among the Conference’s leading seven scorers The name of Daley is found at the top of the Big Ten’s leading lusheis The Wolverine has earned the ball 20 times for a gam of 216 yaids 01 8 3) yards per cany Right behind Daley, comes the ubiquitous Ml Butkovich, who has traveled
20'? yards on 12 attempts
A raw freshman has preempted Big Ten passing honors He is Bob Hoeinschemeyei, “Hunchy” for short, of Indiana who against Northwestern completed seven out of 14 for a net gain of 114 yards Otto Graham the Northwestern veteran who set new passing records last season, again is off to a good start with eight out of 20 for a
400 average
Individual Leaders (Based on Conference Games Only) Not Including Game on October 16
Scoring
G T D Pat Pts
Companies scheduled to visit the campus: Sperry Products, Inc., Hoboken, N J —October 26/ Interested in ME, EE. ^ General Aniline & Film Corporation, Easton, Pennsylvania—October 26 Interested m BS, PhD Chemists. Chance-Vought Aircraft, Stiatfoid, Conn—Monday, October 18 Interested m ME, A E , Ch E , MetE Shell Development Co, Emeryville, Cal—October 26 Interested m Physical Chemists, Ch E Union Oil Of California, Los Angeles, California—To be announced Interested in Ph D Chemists, B S , M S , Ph D. Chemical Engineers Hamilton Standard Propellers, Division of United Aircraft Coip , E Hartford, Conn—To be announced Interested m ME, A E , EE, CE Merck And Co, Rahway, N J — November 11 Interested m Ch E, Chemists, (B S , M S , Ph D )
Homecoming Foes In their annual Homecoming game next Saturday, the Boilermakers will have as their opponents Iowa’s hapless Hawkeyes In the three contests m which they had played at the date of this writing, they were defeated by formidible op-
ponents.
Opening the season against the powerful Great Lakes squad, they lost to the sailors by a ■ ■ — score of 21-7. The Hawkeyes of action, although he is expected were barely nosed out by a to play weak Wisconsin squad m their Hawkeyes continue their
second tilt 7-5. Although they
, T ably give the hard-hitting Boiler-
threatened to score a touch- J^iakers quite a battle Satur^y’s down several times against the contest will be the thud conference Badgers they were always repelled game of the season for each team
near the goal line, where Barbour Alumnus To Address Agricultural Staff
connected in one of three field goal
attempts
Hawkeye’s Improve
The Hawkeyes’ young squad continued to improve, but a week ago they were trounced by then strong neighbors the Iowa Seahawks 26 0
F J Keiholz, graduate of the University Agricultural school in
Companies scheduled to visit the camps for men in ASTP (Terms 5 and 6), NCTP (leims 7 and 8) Goodyear lire & Rubbei Co, Aklon, Ohio—Thursday, October 21 Interested in ME, CE, P.S E, Ch.E.
Butkovich, Pur Daley, Mich Kindt, Wis Gieenwood, 111 Sajnaj, 111 McGovern, 111 Carle, North W Six Tied with each)
24 12 12 12 12 9 7
one touchdown
Classified Ads
Typewriters Adding macnines all makes Bold rented repaired and purchased Mimeo graph work done C J Ebershoff 606 Mam i^afayette Phone 2779 Money to Loan On diamonds watches guns luggage typewriters Albert s Loan Office 407 Columbia Wanted—Purdue students to work Thuis day and Saturday evenings as waitcis Ex penence not necessaiy Good pay and shoit hours Elks Club Apply Frank Lcnihan ^ Lost—Brown billfold important papers and money C H Grav Kalamazoo Mich Reward Call 6182 Lost—Oi j,olf couibc between fiist an 1 sixth holts lady s diamon I rin^ Half caiat square c it silver setting Baibua Well 8413 Room 27 Rewaid
Hereford Breeders Will Hold Sale Tomoriow the Indiana Herefoid Bieedeis Association will conduct its annual sale m the Judging Pavilion of the Univeisity There will be a showing of cattle at 9 a m with the sale beginning at 1 p m The cattle, which include seven bulls and 39 females, are expected accoiding to Paul D Stonei, secietaiy of the Association, to confiim Indiana’s leputation for high quality bieedmg of Heiefoids Anyone interested rs invited to at tend both the show and the sale, young farmers especially aie uiged to take advantage of this opportunity
Pound—Black ^^hltc tiimmed Roadmastor bicyck Serial numbci ri261I Phone o021 Wanted—Coed to shaie 1 omo ai I worl with mother and two hillren foi loom and board 6849 Buy War Bonds And Stamps
The score of this game is no enter- 1920, will address the agricultural ion with which to judge the Hawk- staff tomorrow at noon in the Weseyes, though, because they continu- ley Foundation Building on the subally were fighting back against the ject, “The Food Situation in EngSailois In first downs, they scored land ” Kerholz has recently returned sixteen to the Seahawks’ twelve In from England wheie he studied the this encoiintei. Bill Sangstei, Iowa food situation with the British Minquaiterback completed six passes in istiy of Infoimation nineteen attempts which were good Aftei spending his senior year for a total of eighty two yards and several months after graduaYesteiday the Hawkeyes were tion on the publicity staff of the scheduled to meet Indiana in then Agiicultuial school, Keiholz did second confeience game of the sea similar woik at the University of son - Kentucky, and from there became Four To Leave Foi Service the agiicultuial extension editor at Four Iowa playeis are Scheduled the Univers\ty of Illinois
to play their last game against the Riveteis, as they will soon be inducted into the aimed foices They aie Dale Thompson and Paul Glas enei, left hallbacks, navy V 12 men, Joe Messer center and full back navy V 12A, and Harry
Waugh, guard, draftee
On the present Iowa squad there are only two lettermen back from
last jeai Both of these men were cofiseivationist, spoke on plants and reserves plant communities as indicatois of Iowa s btaiting lineup consists of conditions and land use
Dannei and Barbour at ends Frey
and Cozad at tackles, Liddy and Ooita Gamma
Mohrbachei at guards, Baughman
at center Sangstei at quarterback, national social soiojity, anThompson and Ten oil at halfbacl s nounces the initiation o^ the f eland Gallaghei at fullback lowing Lucille Madinger, IndianapBaughman legulai centei, has olis, Fay Kramer, Walkeiton, Corbeen troubled lately with a seveie nelia Powell South Bend, Harriet boil on his thigh Pheie is a possi Chiisten, Fowler, Vnginia Lutz, bility that this will keep him out Chicago, 111
Soil Science Society Hears R. M. Kriebel Soil Science Society of Indiana held a meeting yesterday at 2 p m, on the Dairy Farm, West Lafayette Ralph M Kriebel, extension soil
Deac's
Gifts for Servicemen
A Variety of Christmas Gifts
Christmas Cards with or without Your Name Order Now!
Solid Brass Belt Buckles While They Last
Wodden Klacks for Both Men and Women
Many Beautiful Gifts You Can H Find Any Place Else
H. G. “Deac ” REISNER BOOKSTORE
-EstabUshed 1908-
325 State Street
West Lafayette, Indiana
New Fall Patterns $|.50 $J.65 $1.95 Handsome patterns In new prints and Instions white bioadcioths in well cut styles with leinfoiced seams. They’re leal values at these prices.
Eyecatching NEW TIES By Tybest 55c-$L00
Biciiisc ol ihcn patented <011 sti iiction lybesitb knot peifeollv. near longei, loo Bold or ton bcrvitiM pallerns ■with largt 01 bin ill figures.
Cifls for Servu cinenl
Money B< Its $1 00 Army Regulation lies $1.00
Durable Dress Socks 39c-45c Pr. Designeil loi good weat and good looks . these sotks <oin» in layons an<l eollons, all layons 01 nui(eii/(d In eln eks, stupes, eloek pallerns. Si/es 10 to 12,
Th ieme & Wangerin
622-626 Main Street
"TTRTffi"’ i V ft"' r%
\ " I f I
. i
I h
* 1
t t
* H