'1 -
Purdue
7i-U5
Exponent
Volume 5L No. 113
Sundoyr Febracory 19^^ 1940
t Week Of War
By J. H. McKee
Managerial Petitions
For Varsity Show
Boilermakers -Trounce
Working To Retain Her Neutrality . . . that she has prolonged for 126 years, Sweden l^st week announced that no troops, either Swedish or from Western Powers, would pass over Swedish soil while en route to aid Finland. Prime Minister Per Albin Hansson indicated that Sweden was “in general” complying with Finland’s pleas for aid, but the aid would not be along military lines, Vfor Sweden’s neutrality must be maintained.” i The prime minister’s statement might Ise interpreted as meaning that Sweden had turned down Finnish requests for military assistance. In the Swedish parliament it seemed that the foreign affairs committee favored all types of humanitarian aid for the stricken country, but was definitely against anything that might endanger the Swedish neutrality.
Due February 22
The Varsity Show, now in its third year of production, is receiving petitions for managerial positions for this'year’s show. In past years the Vargity Show has produced “Of Thee I Sing” and “Mikado,” both of Which were received enthusiasticly by University audiences.
Fighting liiinois 33-27
After 16 Days
... of the fiercest fighting of the war, Russian troops seem on the verge of breaking through the Mannerheim defense lines in the Summa sector. Dispatches from Helsinki Friday admitted that Russian infantry had been successful in attacks against the line, but that latest assaults had been stopped. Five hundred airplanes assisted infantry in their attacks of the line.
rumored order m Moscow last week. The date is the aimiversary of the founding of the Red army. With the Mannerheim line cracking, a week may be all the Russians need to celebrate the army’s anniversary in the Finnish capital. ‘
At the last meeting of the electoral board for the Varsity Show it was decided that the deadline for turning in petitions would be Thursday, February 22. All petitions should bear the petitioner’s name, address, telephone number, position applied for, and personal qualifications. A bpx will be placed at the west Union desk to receive all applications. Aspirants for this work must have a scholastic index of not lower than 3.5.
Delta Gamma Chapter Will Entertain Today
At Reception In Union
Great Britain Gave
Finnish Officials
... who, during the week admitted thatRussian troops had succeeded in taking a few outlying forts in the vast concrete and steel defense works of the Mannerheim line termed the line “bent but not broken.” During the 16 days of fighting seven Russian divisions have been hurled at the Finns, during the greatest offensive since World War I. Commentators referred to the Finnish stand in terms of the French at Verdun against the German Crown Prince “Willie.”
. . . her citizens permission to enlist in the Finnish army last week. The annoimcement was made by the under-secretary of hofne affairs, Osbert Peake, to the House of Commons as the Russian ambassador sat in the balcony. Only those persons over 27 years of age or who are otherwise unlikely to be called into the service of the British army are eligible.
Germany Gave Notice
. The Russian attack alongj the 12 mile front had diminished considerably during the last two days of last week, no major offensive having been launched since the first of the week.
... last week that neutral vessels, Ameiican included, were subject to sinking by German submarines if they touched any allied ports. Any vessel consenting to search by the Biitish contraband patrol even if the cargo is headed for a neutral port, may be torpedoed the announcement stated.
The positions, open to anyone on thet campus desiring to petition for them, are as follows: dance director, reheari^al assistant for cast, prompter, rehearsal assistant for voices, libiarian for vocal music, librarian for orchestral music, rehearsal assistant for orchestra, business manager, ticket and sales manager, housp manager, promotion manager, advertising assistant, press agent, stage manager, assistant stage manager, master carpenter, master electrician, property man, wardrobe mistress, scenic artist, makeup artist, and head accompianist.
The Beta Iota chapter of Delta Gamma will be hostess at a reception this afternoon from 3 to 6 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Union Memorial bfailding. Initiation rites were conducted yesterday in room 363 of the Union by the national officers and active members from neighboring Delta Gamma chapters. These services were followed by a banquet in honor of the 54 new initiates in the new Union ballroom, at which time the charter of the new chapter was presented to Mary Jean Sefton, president of Delta Gamma. This afternoon’s receiving line will include Mrs. Edward C. Elliott, Dean Dorothy C. Stratton, Mrs. F. S. Crockett, Miss Roberta Abernathy, Dr. Harriet O’Shea, Mrs. E. Tiel Smith, Mrs. E. L. Van Buskirk, Mrs. Russell Wildasin, Miss Marguerite Winant and Miss Mary Jean Sefton.
The electorial board will interview all petitioners to choose those who best meet the qualifications. Announcements of the time of interviews will be made before Thursday, Februaiy 22
Charter members who were initiated yesterday are Carolyn Ashbaugh, Martha Baker, Joyce Davison, Marion Johnson, Peggy McMath, Jean Shake, Mdry Jean Sefton, and Phyllis Umfreys.
Pi Phis Entertain Hoof, Hom Members,
Foreign Minister
Between 60,000
. . and 70,000 Russian soldiers aie believed to have been killed or wounded during the two week assault on the Mannerheim line. It is estimated that 150,000 Soviet troops participated in the continued attacks. If these figures are reliable, and with Russian transportation facilities to the front damaged, there seems reason to believe that the intense fighting may be at ah end for the immediate future. The concrete 1 einforcements withstood Soviet artillery and air bombardment continually for 24 hour periods; an estimated 300,000 shells a day were hurled by the Red artillery.
... V. A. Tannei, of Finland, chaiged Russia with dehbeiate violation of the rules of civilized warfaie in the war in progress in his country. Tanner charged that the Soviet forces had broken international war rules on six counts: use of poison gas, machine-gunning of civilians, airplane action against undefended towns, use of prisoners as shields for advancing infantry, use of explosive bullets, and unlawful attacks on neutral shipping
Faculty Members At Afternckyn Tea
Ag Students To Gather
Australian and
Russian Generals
. . . must smash the Mannerheim line and advance into Finland’s capital by February 23, according to a
. . . New Zealand troops arrived last week at the Suez canal to inciease the Allied forces in the near east by 30,000 men. The arrival of the Anzac troops suggested that a new war front might be opened this spring in the Caucasus of Balkan region. The near east army of the Allies now has a man power of 2,910,000 men.
Pi Beta Phi, social sorority, entertained tl^e members of the faculty yesterday at their annual faculty tea from 3 to 5 o’clock in their new chaptei house. Frances Raebig, president of the sorority. Dean Mary L. Matthews, dean of the HE School; Mrs. B. Case, housemother; Miss B. Culver, Pi Beta Phi instructor in the Applied Design division of the Home Economics school; and Doris Gamble, social chairman; were in the receiving line.
For Annual Banquet
Mrs. J. R. Robinson, Mrs. W. W. Strickrod, Mrs. J. Hussman, Mrs. J. Hicks, Mrs. A. R. Rolfs, and Jane Helser pouied. Tea and coffee were served. The house was decorated in spring colors with spring flowers as a centerpiece.
Rabbi Silver Will Speak At Religious Convocation In Fowler Hall At 10:30
Speaking on “What Religion Offers a Wai’ Torn Civilization,” Dr. Abba Hillel Silver will address the regular monthly Religious convocation this morning at 10:30 in Eliza Fowler Hall. Dr. Silver comes here fiom Cleveland, O., where he is rabbi of the Temple. This will be his fourth time to address a University convocation for^. worship. Choir And Echo The University choir and the echo choir, both under the direction of A. P. Stewart, will furnish music for ' the occasion. These two groups will ^ sing “Let All the World in Every Corner Sing,” by Chapman, and “To Thee, 0 Lord,” written by Kolinnikoff. Dr. Silver, born in Lithuania, received his education in this country. During the past twenty years he has visited Europe, Africa, and Asia many times. In 1932-33 the Doctor spent a Sabbatical year of study
abroad, visiting many European countries. During this visit he had conferences with Masaryk, the then president of Czechoslovakia, Mussolini, and leaders in various other countiies. An Active Interest In addition. Dr. Silver has taken an active interest in many of the social movements of lecent years. He was one of the first advocates of unemployment insurance in the United States, serving as one of the framers of President Hoover’s Unemployment Relief Commission. Besides being one of the foremost leaders of the Zionist movement in the United States, the rabbi is a member of the National Child Labor Commission, the commission on Militarism in Education, the American Civil Liberties Union, the National Coiymittee for Mobilization for Human Needs, and the National World Court Committee.
ISO Couples
. . . danced to the music of Glen Miller, on recording, at the PIA tea dance in the Union ballroom yesterday afternoon from 3 to 5:30.
Big Ten Scores
Rabbi
Purdue-33; Illinois-27 Northwestern-40; Indiana-36 Michigan-39; Uhicago-18 Ohio-41; Wisconsin-35 Minnesota-34; Iowa-29
Tierney Paces Boilermakers To Regain Undisputed Lead
By Stewart Marquis Associate Exponent Sports Editor
Paced by Mickey Tierney, fiery sophomore forward, Piggy Lambert’s conference-leading hardwood combination added another scalp to its’belt last night as it set back the highly-touted mini quintet, 33-27. Since Indiana’s Hoosiers, who shared the Big Ten lead with the Boilermakers, were taking a licking from Northwestern’s Wildcats, the Riveters stepped back into imdisputed first place in the current pennant race, as they sped to their sixth conference victory.
Tierney added fire and pep to a Boilermaker quintet which has not yet returned to early season form. Mickey arched in long ones, drove through for perfectly-timed set-ups, pushed ’em in from directly in front of the basket, and fed the ball to his shar^shooting teammates. He dropped in five field goals to lead the Boilermaker scoring. Hapac Muzzled Bxg Bill Hapac, Illinois’ favorite son one week ago when he set a new single game' scoring record, was effectively muzzled by Captain Freddy Beretta and the rest of the Riveter team. Hapad was limited to three field goals and four foul shots to tie Tierney for the evening’s scor-
WBAA will broadcast a play by play telegraphic report of the Pur-due-Michigan game at Ann Arbor tomorrow night, starting promptly at 7:15 p.m.
ap-
Hoof and Horn, Animal Husbandry honorary, members and regular session and winter course students in Animal Husbandry will gather in the home economics cafeteria tomorrow night at 6 o’clock to enjoy the greater part of a steer that was prepared for the oven yesterday afternoon at a meat-cutting demonstration in the stock pavilion. Gay — Speaker Dr. Carl W. Gay, head of the Animal husbandry department at Ohio University, will be the principal speaker at the banquet tomorrow night. Price of tickets to the banquet is 60 cents, but admission is open only to those persons directly connected with the animal husbandry department of the University. Those persons may be able to get tickets up until tomorrow noon. Carving — Wholesale Yesterday afternoon Prof. J. T. Frost of the animal husbandry department gave a demonstration of meat-cutting before 300 agricultur-^ al and home economics students in the stock pavilion. During this demonstration he cut the steer that will be eaten tomorrow night. Although most of the better cuts of this steer will be eaten, the “full barren of beef,” the complete loin on both sides of the backbone, will be the choice morsel. The annual ceremony of the Knighting of “Sir Loin” will be enacted.
ing honors. This didn’t even proach his record of 34 points. With Tierney leading the way, the Boilermgkers unleashed a speedy offense which put them ahead 9-1 in the first few minutes of play. Tierney and Blanken inci eased this lead to twelve points, then Hapac brought the Ulini to a 19-9 deficit at
the half.
Second Half Touching off a determined Illini lally, Hapac hit to open the second half. The Illini moved up fast until the count stood at 26-24. Sprowl entered the game and dropped in two much-needed baskets as the Boilermakers pulled away to win, 33-27. The Boilermakers’ sharpshooting was slightly more effective than tihat of the Illini. The Riveters counted on 13 out of 58 attempts, while the Illini scored on 10 out of
53.
Tierney staited the fireworks by driving half the length of the floor for a setup. Fisher counter from the free throw line. Hapac drew first blood for the Illini after Beretta’s foul. 10 To Go With 10 minutes gone, Sachs diopped in the first field goal for the Illini. Tierney sank a push shot from the front. Fisher and Beretta
counted from the free throw line. Blanken swished a long one in from the side to put the Boilermakers in front by 12 points. Hapac drove in for the second Hlini basket, then added two points on Yeager’s foul. Tierney arched a long one in from the side. Fisher raised^the lead to 12 again on a perfect hook shot. Frank and Hapac toed the fifteen foot line and made the score 19-9 as the half ended. Hapac lifted a short one in to start the second halfj Handlon followed with a drive in basket. Wukovits took a long pass and dropped in a setup. Fisher tallied once on Hapac’s foul. Igney arched a high onein from his favorite spot. Coming Up Sachs hit with a long one, and Shapiro boosted the count to 26-24 with a free throw and a perfect setup. Sprowl entered the game and immediately arched the ball in from the side. Sachs followed with a free throw on Blanken’s fouL Fisher batted in a rebound to put the Boilermakers five points ahead. Hapac broke through for two points. Blanken replied with a free throw on Sach’s fourth foul. Sprowl counted on a well-timed setup. Beretta refused to shoot on Hapac’s foul as the game ended. Purdue-33, Hlin-ois-27. / Purdue (33) FG P P Blanken . ... ..311 Tierney .5 0 2 Fisher 2 3 2 Beretta 0 2 3 Yeager 0 13 Igney 10 0 Sprowl ^ ,2 0 0 Totals 13 7 11 Illinois (27) FG P P Hapac 3 4 2 Evers 0 0 1 Wukovits 0 0^-2 Handlon 2 0 0 Sachs . .„ 2 14 Prank 0 11 Shapiro 3 1 “ 1.. Drish 0 0‘ 0 Hocking 0 0 0 Totals 10 7 11
YWCA Plans Program, 'Co-ed Capers'; Sororities, WRH To Present 10 Minute Acts
Are Purdue co-eds talented? Find out for yourself just what they can do by attending the “Coed Capers” Saturday evening, Februaiy 24, at 7:30 o’clock in the Union ballroom. The co-ed stunt night is being sponsored by YWCA to further inteiest for the Lake Geneva Conference, which is to be held the last week in June at Geneva, Wisconsin.
Maybe you will be interested in a pony chorus, the old ever popular love scene, a minstrel show, you know, black faces and good old southern rhythm. There will probably be loads of tap dancers, blues singers, skits of all kinds, dialogues, both serious and funny, maybe some hula dancers fresh from Hawaii.
Perhaps some children acts wi show up^ maybe the co-eds will be acting childish or again they n^iay be acljing natuial. You can expect almost anything in the way of entertainment from the Purdue co-eds. The stunts, which are limited to not over ten minutes, will be presented by the sororities and the Women’s Residence Halls. The Alpha Chi Omegas and Phi Mus will be unable to participate because of a state day. After performance of the stunts, judges, who as yqt have not been announced, will presisnt a gold-plated plaque to the winoing group. This plaque will he presented through the courtej^ «f Decker’s Sporting Goods Store,THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday. Febraary 18, 1940
Industrial Leaders, Ag Men Will Confer With Reed Tuesday Director Harry J. Reed of the Agricultural Extension Department, cooperating with J. L. Davis of Seymour, who is n member of the agricultural committee of the manufacturers’ group, and the president of the Blish Milling Company, has called a conference at the University of the Agricultural Committee of the National Association of Manufacturers and the foremost leaders of several of Indiana’s farm groups. The conference starts at noon Tuesday and will last imtil February 21. The purpose of the gathering is to foster a better understanding and a broader appreciation of the part flayed by the farm problem in our national economy. The program will run parallel to the seven similar meetings which have been held at previous times in the United States in the respect that no formal program has been prepared. It is the purpose of these gatherings to stimulate careful thinking on farm problems by means of informal discussion. Such varied topics as crop control, conservation, price of farm machinery, price stabilization of farm produce, farm surpluses, disparity between the prices of farm and manufactured products, reciprocal trade agreements and their effects upon the farmer, and many others are likely to occupy the attention of the conference. Riveter Keglers Down Illinois Purdue’s bowling team out-crash-ed the Illinois team yesterday afternoon in the Union allies to the tune of 2597 to 2337. High man for the Riveters was Wagner wnth a 649 set and a high game of 264. Top for IIinois was Papp with a 500 set. Mier and Gibberson of Illinois tied for high game with 178 each.
Classified Ads
FOR SALB FOB SALE—Typewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. EbershoS, 606 Main street.
FOB RBNT
WANTED—Roommates. Two room apartment, bathroom adjoining. Single beds. 167 Pierce, Phone 76634.
Examinations (or condition removals in History, Economics and Government: These will be held toturday, March 9, at 1:00 p. m., room 808, in the Recitation Building. Appll^tion must be made in the History office no later than Friday, Mar«^ 8. —BBTEY.
LOST—Please return Dietzgen slide rule No. 651,461 to owner or to Union Lost and Found No questions Reward. LOST—^Beni exposure meter in Sweet Shop on February 1st. Please call 41652 or return to Union Lost and Found.
Co-eds Only By Marguerite Funkhouser With Valentine thoughts fading, with the faint suggestion of Spring in the offing, co-eds turn their eyes and hearts to new styles, new clothes, new personalities. Maidens peer eagerly at shop windows, fashion magazines for a glim]pse into this season’s future. C-0 And what is the season’s answer to our queries? First, in answer to what are the leading colors, it replys all colors are in the race and only the colors that fit your personality and character can win. You make the color. As to fabrics we find that rayon is becoming very popular, also tweeds in all patterns and colors. Something definitely new are the new skull caps and turbans in every kind of material, to match every costume. With a bit of originality and such ingredients as ribbon, varied colored clips and pins, or feathers you can construct your own creations. For a bit of color on the new dainty white blouses, fiower pins and clips fresh from the garden are being featured. They may be worn at the neck or on the shoulder and add that certain touch of spice. —c-o— New coiffures are quite the vogue and for that final finish to the new costume they give that wanted zest. To be outstanding and out in front this Spring you must be original and put your own ideas into your dress. Your outfit must be an expression of yourself that only you can give to it. Colored Slides ... of scenes from national parks will be shown at the AIEE meeting at 7:30 o’clock in room 264 of the EE building on Wednesday, February 21. A social hour will follow the pictures. All EE students are cordially invited to attend this meeting.
Math Condition Exams: Examinations for removal of conditions in mathematics will be held Saturday, March 9, in the Recitation building Report to the instructor who gave the condition before February 18. —HEAD.
English and Speech Conditions: Examinations for removal of conditions in English and speech will be held Saturday, March 2, beginning at 1 p. m m room 201 of the Education building. —MIIA^ER.
Lutheran Students; There will be a meeting of the L S.A in room B of the Union at 7:16 Monday, February 19. All students interested are iiwited to attend. —HALL.
Delta Rho Kappa: Important meeting Wednesday, February 21, in room A of the Union at 4 p m Please be there. —ESTEY.
Notices
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m. Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held in room 303 of the Union at 7:30 p. m. Tuesday, February 20. (2-20) —KNXPP. Modem Dance Clubs: Both Junior and Senior Clubs, important meeting February 19 at 4 o’clock. All new members must attend at this time. —KNIGHT. All Pnidue Students and Faculty: Christian living discussions and talks each evening starting Sunday, February 18, and continuing until Sunday, February 26, inclusive. West Methodist Church. —PIERCE.
Gold Peppers: Important meeting in room A of the Union Tuesday, February 20, at 6 n. m All members are required to attend. —MITCHELL
LUMA —TODAY - MONDAY—
WSGA May Day Committee: Meeting Monday, February 19, at 4 p. m. in the Student Committee Room of the Women’s Residence Halls. —SCARFF.
DOUBLE FEATURE
Ping-Pong Tournament: See tournament schedule posted in gym. First round must be played off by Monday, February 26. Equipment is available every day from 4 to 6, Mondays and Fridays 7 to 9, and Saturday afternoon. —^HOLDEN. AU Star Volley-ball: Gold and Black teams will play Tuesday, February 20, at 4 p. m. Gold team members are Clymer, captain" R. Walker, Stears, Schroeder, McKnight, Kirkhoff, Kendall, Jones, Stevens, Blank Black team members are Stickler, captain; G Walker, Morris Spry, Metzger, Lee, Ade, Chatfield, Buergler Those on all star team must get uniforms from gym before Tuesday at 4 p. m. —MORRIS
Alpha Phi Omega: Members able to work on housing survey tabulation on Sunday afternoon, February 18, please phone or leave a message for me at Delta Tau Delta house. —LONG Senior Tactics: War Department training films “Attack" and “The Tactical Employment of Chemical Troops in Attack” will be shown in room 104 of the Armory starting at 4 ;10 p. m, on Friday, February 18, and Monday, February 19. These pictures are shown in connection with the course in “Tactics"; attendance is optional. , —THOMPSON.
PLUS—2ND FEATURE
DURBIN ♦nFIRSTLOVE Helen PARRISH • Robert STACK Eugene PALLETTE * Lewis HOWARD
Irvan Maury Plays Three County Religious Charles Cartwright F. 1. Wilkinson To Address
For Campus Varieties WBAA’s Campus Varieties broadcast featured Irvan Maury and tlieir orchestra yesterday afternoon at 3 o’clock in the north ballroom of the Union. Hank Miller, master of ceremonies, introduced the various artists to an audience of approximately 250 people. Heard on the program Were Mary Johnston and Charlie Powell, singers; Ed Joyce, accordionist; and Erwin Underwood, xylophonist. An innovation of this week’s show was “Jokes from the Campus,” the week in review. “April in My Heart,” Hoagy Carmichael song of the week, was the feature song of the hour. Dr. Hall Will Speak Monday At Ag Staff Luncheon Dr. J. Alfred Hall, director of the Central States Forest Experiment station at Columbus, Ohio, will speak on “Wood in a Chemical World” at the February Agricultural staff luncheon to be held Monday noon, February 26, in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union. Dr. Hall is a native of Orange County, Indiana. J. L. Van Camp, extension forester, will head the committee m charge of arrangements. Reamer Cluh Plans Smoker For Prospective Pledges Reamer club, athletic booster honorary for independent men, will sponsor a smoker tomorrow evening at 7:30 p. m. in the east faculty lounge of the Union. The smoker will enable Reamer members and prospective pledges to get acquainted. Approximately 60 men have been invited to attend the affair, and at its conclusion members of the honorary will choose 20 of the guests as pledges.
Union Sophomores: Important meeting of the music room staff Monday, February 19, at 4 p m in the Union office —TILT
Hillel Members: All interested in oratorical contest contact Smulevitz at 66004, PIA office, or Hillel house before 3pm Sunday, February 18 —SMULEVITZ
Denominations Will Jointly Observe Brotherhood Day Protestants, Catholics, and Jews of Tippecanoe county will unite in a joint observance of Brotherhood Day this afternoon at 2:30 p. m. in Jefferson High School auditorium, according to an announcement by the Rev. Otto Scott Steele, chairman of the committee on^ arrange-
ments.
Col. George Byers, civic leader representing the Protestant Churches, will speak ort “The Contribution of Tolerance to National Unity.” D. Emmett Ferguson, judge of the Municipal Court, representing the Catholic faith, will discuss “The Plight of Refugees.” “The Tie That Binds” is the topic of The Rev. Dr. Abraham Cronbach. Musical selections will be presented by the choir of the St. Boniface Catholic Church and the male quartet of the Prentiss Normal and Industrial Institute of Prentiss, Mississippi. Trade Students, Faculty Will Banquet Thursday Thursday all people in trades and industrial education will banquet in room 332 of the Memorial Union Building at 6:30 p. m. The committee in charge is composed of J. W. Rose, W. V. Fitzsimmons, A. J. McTaggert, students, and Dennis H. Price, of the faculty. Two speakers will be present and a varied program has been arranged. All students in T. & I. E., including giaduate students, are urged to attend, according to the committee. Tickets may be secured from members of the committee in charge, and are available only until Wednesday, at 12 noon. Sigma Alpha Epsilon . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging’ of the following men: Robert Ten Eyck, Cincinnati, Ohio; and Earl Carter, Indianapolis.
each member planning to attend the initiation “steak fry" Saturday, February 24 IS due now Pay to Littlefield or Habicht in the sweet shop any afternoon this week between 4 and 6pm Thursday, February 22, IS the absolute deadline —HABICHT
Military Ball Committee: Important meeting Wednesday, February 21 4 16 p m. m the Armory —BUTTERFIELD
Gimlet; Initiation banquet Thursday night, February 22 —FRAZEE
Skull and Crescent: Important meeting in Reception Room Tuesday, February 20, 7 p m Be there —BELLES
Chi Epsilon: Meeting at 7:16 p m Tuesday, February 20, in room 306 of the Union. —CORNELL
Inter-fraternity Rifle: Meets begin Monday Febiuary 19, at 4 p m and continue for a week Range open every day from 3 to 5 80 p m Teams get targets from range officer (2-21) —SMITH
Varsity Baseball: All varsity baseball men report to the fieldhouse Monday, February 19, at 4 p m —FEHRHSrG.
Junior and Senior Dance Clubs: Meeting scheduled for Monday, February 19, postponed until Wednesday, Februaiy 21 —KNIGHT Flying Club ■ Sixty cent expense fee from
Reamer Club: Pledge Smoker will be held Monday, February 19, at 7 :30 p m in the Faculty Lounge of the Union. All actives be there and on time. —REILEY
All Purdue Students and Faculty: Christian living discussion and talks each evening starting Sunday, February 18, and continuing till February 26, inclusive. West side Methodist Church —PIERCE
Flying Club: The club’s picture for this year’s Debris will be taken at the airport on Sunday, Februaiy 18, at 3 p m. Please be prompt —KIMBALL
THANK YOU, LAFA YETTE
ESTERDAY’S OPENING WILL BE REMEMBERED LONG IN THE HISTORY OF OUR FAIR CITY MARGARET MITCHELL’S Sioty of the Old South GONE WITH THE WIND IN TECHNICOLOR
For night shows all seats are reserved. Tickets are now on sale. Matinees will be usual continuous performances with no reserved seats. Come anytime from 10:00 a. m. up to 2:30 p. m. and see a complete show exactly as shown at its famed Atlanta Premiere. BUY RESERVED SEATS NOW BOX OFFICE OPEN 9 A. M. to 9 P. M. — Phones 6915-6914 — o GOOD SEATS STILL AVAILABLE • NIGHT SHOWS (8 P. M.) All Seats Reserved $1.10 Inc. Tax SUNDAY MAT. (2 P. M.) All Seats Reserved $1.10 Inc. Tax WEEKDAY MATS. Continuous Not Reserved 75c Inc. Tax While this engagement is limited this production will not be shown anywhere Except at advanced prices—at least until 1941.
Brings Orchestra Open Heeling 01ASME
To Campus Friday
Charles Cartwright and Jiis orchestra, coming directly from the Inglattera ballroom in Peoria, 111., will play for the annual Scabbard and Blade formal dance in the new ballroom of the Union Friday. Most of the members of this band are seniors at Bradley Polytechnic Institute, having played together for seven years. Charles Cartwright sits in with the orchestra and plays the trumpet, while his brother. Bob, directs. There are two other brothers, twins, with them—^Verne and Harold Phillips. One plays the saxophone and the other plays the clarinet. Don Elkins, trombonist, and Bob Lindig, pianist, do the vocals with occasional -assistance from Charles Cartwright. Also featured is Walt Schaeffer, guitarist, and Danny Bhrke, drhmmer. The orchestra features ‘music styled lightly and politely’ in a
‘danceable’ manner.
Cartwright played here last year ' for the Mothers’ Day Mixer and the
Terry House formal.
Roger Budrow To Speak Before Congregational, Presbyterian Students Roger Budrow, of the Indianapolis Times, will speak at 6 o’clock tonight at the Sunday Evening Club for Presbyterian and Congregational students in the Westminster House. Budrow’s topic will be, “Local Color and Side-Lights of a City Daily Newspaper.” He will be prepared to answer questions relative to the newspaper business after his talk. All interested students are invited to the talk and the following forum, according to Caroljm Hedderich.
Ford Lee Wilkinson, Jr., dean of engineering at the IJniversity of Louisville, will spdak before an open meeting of the University Student branch of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers which will be held Wednesday evening at 7:30 o’clock in room 207 of the Mechanical Engineering building. He will discuss “Marine Engineering.” In addition to Wilkinson’s address, the evening’s program will include a technicolor film on “Modern Plastics.” Dean Wilkinson, a graduate of the U. S. Naval Academy, served as a commissioned officer in the Navy from 1917 until 1927, when he entered the commercial field as a sales
engineer.
Noted Lumberman Will Address Forestry Club A. Fletcher Marsh, president of the Marsh Truman Lumber Co., Chicago, 111., will address the Forestry Club Tuesday, February 20, at 7:30 p. m. He will speak in the auditorium of the Horticulture building on the “Romance of the Lumber Industry.” All forestry students are urged to attend, and anyone inteiested in the subject will be welcome, according to Forestry Club officeis. Marsh is well qualified to speqk on the lumber industry. He graduated from the Biltmore Forest Scl;iool in 1908 with a degree in Forestry and received his M. F. degree from Yale.
All Students and Faculty: Christian Living services, sponsored by Wesley Foundation, and held at West Lafayette Methodist Church Sunday, February 18, 6 30 p m “Your Life’s Work ’’ — L J Pieice Monday, Februaiy 19, 8 00 p m — “Our Daily Bread ’’ — Rev McFall, Student Pastor at Indiana University —PIERCE PIA Dance Class: There will be an organization meeting of the class in room 304, the former Engineer office, in the Union at 7 30 p m Wednesday, February 21 All who have registered are uiged to attend There are still some openings in the class, registration for which can be made m the PIA office any afternoon or at the meeting Wednesday —LUTZ
-TODAY - MONDAY-
— ALSO — 'MICKEY MOUSE'
NADS NOW PLAYING
MAKE WAY FOR THE FIGHTIN'EST CREW THAT EVER BLAZED INTO ACTION!
JAMES
CAGNEY
PAT
O’BRIEN URGE BHENT
JEFFREY LYNN’AIAN HALE-FRANK McHUGH DENNIS MORGAN-DiGKFORAN
NOW SHOWING~6 UNIT HIT SHOW You'll love him more than ever on the screen! Dr. Christian— Friend of the sick—Crony of the grandest kids who ever ran a town ragged—here is drama as deep as your own throbbing heart!
faalKRSMI 41^
-MARCH OF TIME ON "FINLAND' The Brave Little Nation Defending It's Border
#3—Fun and Laughs DONALD DUCK CARTOON "Donald's Penguin"
#4—Music and Comedy "TALENT AUCTION" — WITH — IRENE BEASLEY
#5'w—Popular Radio Quiz Program on the Screen "INFORMATION PLEASE" with Guest Star GENE TUNNEY
#6—PATHE NEWS
TODAY—The Secret Four — PLUS — Kid Nightingale
y
Cf't) h
•M« W M ^ ,
/
Sunday, February 18, 1940
£xftomnL SpoiiA. fiaqsL
Michigan Next Conference FoeToMeetBasketeers One of the biggest hurdles which the Boilermakers will have to overcome in the current Big Ten title race will be the battle with Michigan tomorrow night at Ann Arbor. Boasting one of the best balanced squads in the conference, the Wolverines are at present in a complex tie for third place, along with Northwestern, Ohio State, and Iowa.
The men from the North, however, after making a nice beginning with three consecutive conference victories, seem to be in the midst of a devastating slump, with the "result that they have dropped their last three league games to Illinois, Northwestern, afid Indiana. The Wolverines opened the Big Ten campaign with a victory over last year’s defending titleholder, Ohio State. Following this initial win with two others over Wisconsin and Iowa, the Michigan hardwood forces were conceeded a good chance of routing either Indiana or Purdue to take the Big Ten title. Surprising Illini However, the Wolverines plans were upset by a rejuvenated Illini squad, who dumped the Ann Arbor players from the conference lead to the tune of 48-43. The following Saturday night the Wolverines were again upset quite strongly, by Northwestern, with a score of 4734. Three nights later a strong Indiana quintet added to Michigan’s downfall by routing them by a top heavy score of 57-30. In spite of the fact that the Wolverines have dropped one game to a team the Boilermakers downed by 11 points. Northwestern. The Michigan squad is one of the top notch squads in the league. Headed by tall Captain Jim Rae, the Wolverines have a strong scoring squad with plenty of experience and reserve power. Evidence of their scoring potentiality may be seen in the fact that Captain Rae is in sixth place in the conference scoring race with a total of 61 points, closely followed by teammate Charley Pink, in
seventh place with one less point to his credit. “Half Pint” Pink Teaming with Captain Rae, who holds down the center post, and Charley Pink, diminuative guard, are Mike Sofiak and Fitzgerald at the forward posts and Herb Brogan at the other guard position. Pink and Brogan compose one of the smallest guard combinations in the Big Ten, as Pink is only 6 feet 9% inches and Brogan, a long shot expert, only slightly taller. The worst blow dealt to the Michigan hopes this year was the decision by All-American footballer Tom Harmon, who last year was the team’s high scorer, to drop basketball and devote his extra time to his studies.
(jt)ClCL TbiwJL
By Regina Baker WAA’s calendar has been filled with all kinds of activities so that every girl may find at least one game to her liking with so many planned for the same times. Members of this women’s athletic club have been kept busy planning events and holding the various tournaments. —^waa-— A Badminton Club, which was formed early this year, sponsored a tournament; class riflery and volleyball teams were choSen, and a Red Cross life saving class was organized under the direction of Miss
BOSSUNG SHOE REBUILDING
Riveter Mat Squad Defeated By Chicago In Meet Last Night Facing their third conference foe, the Purdue mat squad met the bonecrushers from Chicago immediately following the Illimjis-Purdue basketball game last night. Despite the fact that the Maroons used six sophomore men in their line-up, the Boilermaker squad was unable to overcome the opposition and they were defeated by a score of 23-11. Apparently the recent road trip that the Riveter team made had taken its toll upon the Black and Gold combatants, as all of the contenders seemed weary and short winded. The Chicago team had four falls and one decision to their favor while Purdue was only able to take one fall and two decisions. The complete sununary is as follows. In the 121 pound class Fredricks (P) won by a fall in 1 minute 16 seconds ovenKaims (C). At 128 pounds, Anderson (P) lost by a pin in 7 minutes 62 seconds to Plye (C). Zafros (C) garnered 13 points to Timm’s 7 to win by a decision. The captain of the Maroon team, Thomas pinned Papurca (P) in 2 minutes 20 seconds to win at 145 pounds. In the 155 pound division Stone (C) won over Willey (P) by a fall in 3 minutes 22 seconds. Post (P) won by a decision over Ivy (C) in the 165 pound class. At 175 pounds Moore (C) pinned Aronson (P) in 4 minutes and 5 seconds. Finally in the heavyweight division, A. Rossi (P) decisioned Weiss of Chicago to ^nd the meet. Marion Russell of the Department of Physical Education for Women. Triton Club is entering a team in the National Telegraphic Swimming Meet which will be held on March 5. Miss Marjorie Case has been giving fencing instructions at 4 o’clock in the Women’s Gym. —^waa— The Modern Dance clubs with the aid of WAA and the department of physical education for women brought Hanya Holm and her company to this campus on February 14. These clubs are now creating dances for then lecital which will be given m March. —^waa— A basketball tournament was held on February 9 under the direction of
I. U. Tankmen Down Riveters
Hoosier Swimmer^ take 6 Firsts To Defeat Boilerrr^kerS' 50-34
Riveter Squash Team Triumphs in Clean Sweep Over Dayton Blasting through to a clean sweep over the Dayton YMCA squash aggregation, the Riveter racquet wielders completely erased all trace of a recent 3-2 Dayton victory, yesterday afternoon in the fieldhouse courts. The Boilermakers seemed superior throughout, with a court covering ability and endurance which were just a little too much for the visiting squad. Jim Mann, playing in the number four spot, opened the competitioi^ against Cronin of Dayton, with a straight three-gaixie sweep to win his match. Keeping the score well under control at all times, Jim took his games 11-16, 11-15, and 9-15. Captain Eberhard, number one' man, then proceeded to take his first game; shutting his opponent down to two sparse points, and taking the next two 10-15, 6-15. Daugherty was his opponent. Number two man, Morley, then won out over Neff, of Dayton, with a match score of 3-1. The next match, played between
number three.
Riveter squashman Blessing pitted against Wolfe of Dayton, proved to be one of the most thrilling matches of the compe^tition. Blessing tjiok the first matches by the safe scores of 10-15, 6-15, but then Wolfe forged ahead to take the next 15-8. Blessing, however, saved his match by taking the next game 6-15. Adams, sophomore racqueteer, contributed his share by whipping Wetzel in three straight games. Munro, Purdue, versus Daugherty, Dayton, was the closest contest of the afternoon. After taking the first two, a tired Munro dropped the next two to the opposition. Coming bac]^ in a hard-fought nip-and-tuck battle, however, Munro finally won out by a score of 10-15, to make a clean sweep of the competition.
Caroline Britton with organized houses and the halls competing. Four leagues were organized and the contest was played* off in a round robin after which the interleague play-offs of the individual teams were held. —^waa— An intramural swimming meet has been planned. Sorority and wards have entered teams m the following events: 100 yaid dash, 60 yard dash, crawl, fiee style dashes, backstroke, comedy features, and a diving contest. A silver loving cup will be awaided to the winning group at the Winder Sports Banquet which will be given on March 21 m the Home Economics building.
U. S. Govt. Graded Beef FRESH ^tVdotL CuiA. MEATS Compare your present canned good prices with our summer purchased BIRDSEYE prices on the following Fruits and Vegetables
PEAS ASPARAGUS CORN
BROCCOU CAULIFLOWER SPINACH
PEACHES S^TRAWBERRIES BLUEBERRIES
LIMA BEANS SQUASH RASPBERRIES I FROZEN BIRDSEYE VEGETABLES LAFAYEHE FOOD LOCKERS 5355 - PHONES - 2971
Gamering six firsts in the nine swimming events, the Indiana tank squad sent the Boilermaker swimmers down to defeat yesterday afternoon by the decisive score of 50-34. Two varsity records were broken during the meet by the Riveter swimmers, with Captain Graham knocking three and one-tenths seconds off the mark for the 440 free;style event and the relay team lowering the existing mark from 3:54 seconds to 3:51.8 in the
400 yard relay event.
_ ' A near capacity crowd of 500
watched the meet get imder way as the Hoosier medley relay team won the opening 300 yard medley relay race by a blanket finish that found Indiana’s Boaz only a fraction of a second ahead of Riveter Banner. Pakucko next handed Captain Graham his second defeat of the season in the 220 yard free-style swim
in another close finish.
Hoosier’s Benedetti and Ganger next copped high honors in the 50 yard free-style race and the fancy diving event, followed by a win by Kratzer over the downstate swimmers in the 100 yard swim. The Hoosiers next won the 150 yard backstroke and the 200 yard breaststroke events before losing the final pair of races, the 440 freestyle and the 400 yard relay to the Riveter
combatants.
A New Record As an added attraction immediately following the meet, an exhibition of fancy diving and speed swimming was presented for the audience. Diminuitive Patty Aspinall, holder of many world’s records in women’s breaststroke events, clipped two-tenths of a second from Katherine Rawls’ previous record dash of 6:52.4 minutes in the 400 yard breaststroke swim to add another national record to her mountyig collection. Barbara Cook and Laveme Herher, Riveter co-eds, next gave an exhibition of fancy diving, including all of the required dives for Olympic competition. The final event was a race against time with Shaw, Carney, and Williamson, Boilermaker freshmen swimmers, making a futile attempt to shatter the Indiana-Kentucky record in the 150 yard relay race. Summary of the meet: 300 yard medley race: Indiana, fiist; Purdue, second. Time, 3:15.6. 220 yard freestyle race: Pakucko, I, fiist; Graham, P, second; Thomas, I, third. Time, 2:26. 50 yard free-style race: Benedetti, I, first; Marsh, I, second; Elratzer, P, third. Time, :24.6. Fancy diving: Ganger, I, first; Farkas, P, second; Hall, I, third. 100 yard free-style race: Kratzer, P, first; Marsh, P, second; Herr, P, third. Time, :55. 150 yard backstroke: Boaz, I, first; Anderson, P, second; Kusko, P, third. Time, 1:47.2. 200 yard backsti'oke: Boaz, I, first; Benedetti, I, second; Tingley, P, third. Time, 2:43.3. 440 yard breaststroke: Graham, P, first; Pakucko, I, second; Thomas, I, third. Time, 5:16.6. 400 yard relay: Pmdue, first; Indiana, second. Time, 3:61.8. makers’ discorfiture.
^iolHoh^A. £jhojuji By Robert J. Deckard
At this stage in the Big Ten run for blue ribbon honors, one slight pause, a moment of letdown, a stumble, or, to be more brutal, a defeat may apt to be fatal with farreaching consequences . . . From here on out, a defeat will be hard to make up ... A brace of losses will completely put a team out of
the blistering-hot race.
—^fc—
Even lowly Chicago, with all of her troubles trying to rent out an unused football stadium, is in for knocking some clnb out from under its cocked hat . . . It’s hard to remember a one-point loss she took from Captain Bill Hapac and hiS Illinoissarsonites, who just recently laid Minnesota’s Gophers low, 60
to 31. —^fc—
The big thing around this neck of the woods is the Purdue University Boilermaker basketball team. What is it gonna do with respect to winning or losing games during the remainder of its schedule? . . . Between you, me, and a fence post, that’s a tough question to answer
—^fc—
Monday p. m. the Boilermakers square off Michigan’s Wolverines at Ann Arbor, and, at first glance, the Wolves seem to be indeed harmful even though they are Harmon-
less.
—fc— The locals won more impressively fiom Ohio State and Wisconsin than Michigan did; defeated Northwestern, which trimmed the now blood-thiisty Wolves; and made a better stand against Indiana than did Michigan. . . . But the factor of playing at home aids the Michigan cause considerably, and there is no doubt that the Boileimakei^ will have to hustle to win. —^fc— , Then Saturday night Wisconsin plays host to Purdue . . . The Riveters licked the pants off the Badgers here at Lafayette, and, if they don’t repeat, we think Major Griffith ought to pull off another one of his investigations. —^fc— On the following Monday, Februaiy 26, Iowa’s “Don’t-Give-A-Damn-Foi -Purdue” Hawkeyes, invade the Fieldhouse to do 40 minutes with oui lads '. . . You can’t ‘tell abc^t the coin-fed outfit. . . Up until the time of this writing, Iowa has scored 0.13 points per game less than that her opponents have made m the curient scramble . . . This might be an indication that the Hawks with steiling foiwaid Vic Siegel ought to put on some veiy deceptive manuvers to the BoilerThen in two big days the states
of Illinois and Indiana go nuts . . . On March 2, Purdue pljays Twdian^ here ... Then on March 4, the Boilmake a conquest at Illinois Probably what happens daring these tow torrid evenings wiU settle the conference issue of whom wiR be the Big Ten champs.
BEGINNErS ClASS OPENS Wed. Feb. as, 7:50 p. m. Study Und«r a Nationaliy Known Chalif Russian ^hool N. Y. Oty President of Oiicaae Awin of Dancing AAasters Past Fiv« Years.
To Experienced Dancers NEW ADVANCED CLASS Opens Thurs. Feb. 29th THE ALLEN SCHOOL OF DANCING INDIANA'S LARGEST DANCING SCHCNMU 6th and Ferry St8. , Vhm 2150.r •
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday, Februoiry 18, i94p
But
By Karamazov t .. The other day comrade Serge got himself quite worked up over a cpncreter's banquet. Personally we didn’t let it worry us one bit . . . until yesterday. ♦ ♦♦,■.,■ We were taking little pieces of concrete in the busting lab and making them into littler pieces. It took 109,862% pounds pressure. ^ * * That’s kinda hard on molars. We now pause to cast a ripe tomato at Clarence, the writer of Briefs by Clarence, and original caster of ripe tomatoes. We are feuding with Clarence. * !|: * His stuff smells worse than ours. ■ * * * Opportunity tknocks but once, the postman rings twice, and bad luck comes in threes. * * * Activity Workers ATTENTION. A new service organization for the benefit of people who have piaid for their meals but can’t seem to get around to eating them will shortly be inaugurated on the campus. They will pay you a nominal fee for the privilege of coming around and eating the meals you can’t get to. Gahd . . i think of the money you’ll save. ^ * ** We saw a little man make a brave struggle the other day and finally emerge victorious. We were sitting in the cafeteria when the little man pulled up at the table next to oUrs and put his tray down. He stood there and stared at it for all of three minutes. Finally we got up and looked too. ' As far as we could see there was nothing wrong with
Purdue Exponent
R. E. Insley Editor-In-Chief W. E. Smith Bneiness Manager D. G. Terrio, editorial director; G. W. Frederick, inlanaging editor; E. M. Antonini, senior adyertising manager; G. Schilling, co-ed editor; R. Jenkins, sports editor. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 AH unsigned editorials are written by the editorial dii rector. Entered as second class matter at the post oflioe la Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress ot March S, 1879, and at the special rate ot postage provided for la section 1103, act of October 8, 1917^ authorised January tO. 1922. Published daily except Moi^y during the regnlar academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for 13.00 per year, maU subscription $8.60. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Jaervice, Inc., (Juilege t'UDliahers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Night Editor, Willsey Day Editor, B'urtsfield Ass’t. Night Editor, fraiigott Sunday, February 18, 1940.
it. So we said “Tell us and then we can look, too.” He pointed out that besides a Complete nieal there was an extra plate on tbe tray ... it also contained food. When we left he was well int6 the second plate. Maybe he is just a hearty eater. Hi ♦ Note to the Catalyst pledges. Lloyd’s of London will insure anything . . . even beakers full of potassium dicromate. Hi H*' . . At this point let me introduce myself, I am Karamazov, better known as Ivan the sly one. I sneak around on back streets with my hat pulled dovra over my eyes ... and collect military .secrets for brother Stalin. I have so many disguises I’ve forgotten what I really look like. * ft * Right now I am on a secret mission of great importance, if concerns ... shhh here come the three mad russians ... I go now but I will return. * * * Nichavo.
£jthsA, £dijtA, By Hank MUIm'
Dear Reader, It is always hard to know what kind of radio programs the other fellow is going to like and harder to know what information about those programs the listener would like to know . . . Everybody is usually prejudiced towards the programs that he or she likes best and that applies to the writer too, probably. H you have been searching . this column in vain for something about your favorite radio program or artist, it is probably because other programs have taken the space and maybe for no good reason. If you, by any chance, find a spare minute in the near future and remember a program that you want to know something about or have lost track of ... we would be greatly convenienced if you would vsnrite us a note and stick it in the Exponent box at the West desk of the Union. Comments of any kind are welcome at all times. Sincerely, Hank. Harry James and his orchestra will be featured all over Chicago this afternoon if one can believe the schedules of the various Chicago radio stations ... At 1 p. m. on the Band of the Week show coming through WBBM, James will ride in the seat of honor on the recorded show. Dashing over to a rival chain outlet, WMAQ, James will be in the spotlight in person on the Fitch Bandwagon at 6:30. Just recently, James was featured as the guest on Alec Templeton Time.
Hal Minkler, director of thq Purdue Varsity Band, which plays for the basketball games, had the band play a tune for his wife last night , during the game broadcast. . . Mi’s. Minkler is in the hospital where she presented Hal with a baby boy three days ago ... Congrats Mr. and Mrs. We have been plugging NBC programs for quite some time and it seems about. time for something about CBS coming through WBBM. Here is the schedule for today. 12:35—Campana’s “Grand Hotel” —Betty Lou Gerson and Henry Hunter in “She Just Couldn’t Say Yes.” ■ 1:30—^Anson Weeks’ Orchestra with tenor. Jack Fulton. Dorothy Deere, movie columnist for the Her-ald-American occupies the “Lovely Lady” guest spot. 2:00—New York Philharmonic Symphony Orchestra—John Barbirolli conducts the following program: Polonaise, Arietta and PassacRglia by Handel-Harty; Symphony in F major. No. 8. by Beethoven; Suite, “Set of Three” by John Powell and Bolero by Ravel. 3:307-Pursuit of Happiness with Betty Field in excerpt from Booth Tarkington’s “Seventeen.” Also Lionel Stander, the Revuers, Mildred Bailey, Norman Corwin and Burgess Meredith. 4:00—Hobby Lobby with Dave Elman and guest hobbyists from all over the country. 4:30—Ben Bernie and All the Lads with Lew Lehr, Buddy Clark, Mary Small and Bailey Sisters. 5:00—Silver Theater with Conrad
Nagel presenting Herbert Marshall in “Henven is Like That.” 5:30—Gene Autry and His Melody Ranch. 6:00—The World This Week 7:00—The Adventures of Ellery Queen. “Favorite Adventure judged by the Listeners.” 7:55—European War News with Elmer Davis. 8:00-—Ford Sunday Evening Hour Baritone, John Charles Thomas, guest. Reginald Stewart conducts. 9:00—Campbell Playhouse with Orson Wellesj Hedda Hopper, Lucille Ball and Marjorie Rambeau in Edna Ferber’s “Dinner at Eight.”
1 wbaa I TOMORROW 11:00^—History of the 19th Century Prof. V. L. Albjerg 11:50—Purdue News Flashes 12:00—Agricultural Forum 12:16—Spbrts Review 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time (Bob Zurke’s Orchestra) 12:45—Farm Security Administration Program. 1:00—Principles of Sociology Prof. T. K. Npss 1:45—Markets 2 ;00—Afternoon Music 2:30—Poods—Pacts—Fancies 2:45—Mary Louise Switzer— pianist 3:00—Little Red Schoolhouse of the Air 3:30—Scientific News Review 4:00—American Family Robinson 4:16—Melody Time
Of course, you can'f chew gum incessantly nor carry mouth wash in your hand bag. But, You can use PRICILLA PARKER, the breath correcting lipstick. Come in and see it. LODDE’S JEWELERY STORE
the Purdue Exponent Service Director'y
• Professional
• School Supplies /
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4tti & Main Phone 5701
"DEAC" i Everything for a College Education
• Dairy Products
• Locksmith
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
KEYS & LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padfocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrs 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2826
• Hardware
• Florists
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
The “Pat” mentioned in the valentine telegram published in this column three days ago sends in this contrib: Dear B & B: Don’t let them kid you about that telegram that was sent in. That was just Alexrod’s way of getting free Mars passes. —B & B— ... tsk, tsk. Alexrod, you ought to be ashamed of yourself. Go stand in a corner and be ashamed of yourself for fifteen minutes . . ^ —B &B— The pins are flying fast and furiously around here. Ray Bossong, Lambdi Chi pet, has just pushed his pin on Ellen Carter, Alpha Xi. It might be a family affair, but Lee Bossong, sister to Ray, is working in the negative. The pin she received from Carl Dixon, Delta Tan Delta, no more adorns her bosom. ~B&B— The Puzzies rate again! Bunny Evans was seen wearing the pin of Johnnie Zuck, Phi Kappa Sigma. They tell me the Puzzies az-e being served chocolates regularly these days . . . suckers ... —B & B— I Can’t Pronounth My Eth’th I lithp, I lithp, I lithp, 0 doodneth, dwatheth me. 1 with I didn’t lithp tho muth. Becauth it thoundth tho thilly. —Thophithicated Thenior. —B&B— Ah! Another swiped letter: Dear Steve: To be polite, I will say thanks for the Valentine, but to be truthful, I’ll admit that I didn’t appreciate it one bit. First of all, it was a day late; second, it wasn’t even worth
a three cent stamp but you sent it unsealed; tiiird, what you wrote on it didn’t make sense, and last but not least, it whs the ugliest valentine I had ever seen. So that’s what you think of me after eight months? I’m glad I finally found out But thank you for remembering I do exist. I don’t see what crows have to do with a valentine. Would you please explain? —Pat'ty Jo. B&B— By the looks of the letter, Steve, I would say she would be a crow. Boy, oh boy, was that a sweet note. That’s how women appreciate valentines, students!
A Discussion Team ... of five University students ‘ entertained in Chicago at the John Marshall Law School, and was also guest at a luncheon given by the Chicago Bar Association before their part in the Debaters Forum of the Air over WJJD yesterday at 2:30 p. m. The team was composed of Ralph Hultgren, manager, Jean 'Skinner, William Nash, James McKillip, and Charles Martin. Their ‘topic, “Propaganda” is the subject of the all campus discussion tournament.
Bull Session
, mpP” ^
Dear Bull, , Perhaps the charge made by the two gentlemen who are responsible for Friday’s column, namely that the knee length socks that the coeds wear are not neat, is correct. We can only say that they are comfortable. There is one point however that we would like to argue. While they don’t wear unsightly knee length socks, there are few eds on the campus that have much room to talk about neatness. With them it isn’t a question of neatness . . . they are just plain lazy. The least they could do is to keep some semblance of a crease in their trousers. There are few eds who cannot afford to buy a home presser for the sum of one dollar and spend five minutes once a week whipping over their pants. The darn pants look bad enough without the creases in them but when the “simple tools,” to use the expression of one of my engineering friends, roll the darn things up and expose,about three inches of their burly legs. ... well, they don’t have much room to talk. W. N. A.
•BEG U s; PAT OFf.
Britain s Pride is now America's Pleasure — Imported English AscoT Ties—will not wrinkle, crush or fade . .. always, under all conditions,
are trim, crisp and fresh I
AS seen 16/
resn!
DEWENTER'S 416 Main St.
West Side Cleaners take pleasure in offering, in Lafayette, the Kirk method of suede and leather cleaning. This remarkable new processes unique in that it actually restores the natural oil of the leather, making it possible to remove all dirt quickly and harmlessly. Also, this oil rejuvenation permits the removal of difficult spots which ordinary methods fail to touch. The leather is left soft and pliable ... the leather dye takes on new life. Where necessary the leather is redyed or retinted so that the material assumes an appearance of its original newness without streaks, spots or fading.
ITEMS CLEANSED BY KIRK METHOD SUEDE JACKETS LEATHER JACKETS GLOVES , Suede, Leather or White PURSES Suede or Leather JACKETS Suede or Leather Trimmed BOLERO. Or Suede Vest
OFFERED IN LAFAYETTE BY
PHONE 4081
THE tOWEST PRICES THAT QUALITY PERMITS