I i
Fighfilig Irish Track Team Scores Vicl'ory In Bufler Relay Meet
Established 1889
^ Daily Since 1906
Why Are We f Students Expreis^ ^ . Opinions In Suryey .!
Volume 53, No. 142
West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, March 15, fSMIZ
*niie WkSliMTOII tiUnr-60-ROOM
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
Symphony Will Appear Tomorrow Night
McVey Will Present Series of Lectures On 'American Way' Ag Staff To Hear Speech At Luncheon Next Week
Frank L. McVey, President Emeritus of the University of Kentucky,
By Bill Hoskins
Big Ten Teams Conclude Final Debate Session Notre Dame Men Receivo Highest Rating In Meet The five men named as the best speakers in the Big Ten Discussion Contest yesterday are as follows:
By Dale Butz McGrath, Notre Dame; Rafael AlIndianapolis Symphony Orchestra, conducted by Dr. Fabien President E. C. Elliott will be the ducin, Notre Dame; Armonda ScheSevitzky, will appear in the Music Hall torporrow night at 7:30 principal speaker at the annual ag- mefj Purdue; Jorge Roach, Purdue;
to present the next regularly scheduled University convoca-
tion.
Sevitsky To Direct Hoosier Orchestra President E. C. Elliott Personnel Consists Will Also Hold Special Afternoon Program To Talk At Extension Of Youngest Group Tippecanoe School children At 2
In Symphony Work
day program to be presented over winners were announced yesterday station WO WO of Fort Wayne next by Prof. P. E. Lull of the speech de-
. The orchestra which will appear A special program will be presented at 2:30 tomorrow after- Thursday, March 19. This program partment at a luncheon in the Old
will give a series of three lectures the Music Hall tomorrow night noon in the Music Hall for the school children of Tippecanoe is held every year to honor winners Chestnut Room of the Union. The italics Donavail^s ^^re at the university, from March consists of the youngest and report- county. This special concert is sponsored by the Lafayette in agricultural extension projects luncheon followed the final discus-
, ne yanv'^rthe^jfmaToi Unit of the Women’s Commit- designed to stimulate inter- sion round of the conference. He Will address a special defense nel of any of the 16 major symphony Tndinvic ^^^ter agriculture. Five Other Schools convocation at 7:30 p. m. Wednes- orches ras m the country. tee ot the Indiana btate bym- University Representatives from the Univcrday, March 26, in the Music Hall. Most of the 86 members of this / Program phony Society. Tickets priced staff who will take part in the pro- sity and five mid-western schoolsHis subject at that time will be Hoosier musical aggregation are Praeludiunt and Allegro at 28 cents for children and 55 gram will be H. J. Reed, Dean of Notre Dame, Iowa, Minnesota, Chi-
Hull
Plih 1*6 Send American 'Lawrence' To Africa WASHINGTON, March 13. —
“The American Way Strikes Di- ’^ss than 36 years old, and indeed,
Shortly before Secretary Hull left lemma.” Dr. McVey will also pre- them have not passed their on his present protracted holiday, sent two other lectures to faculty twenty-fifth year. The youtfifulness
Col. Donovan had worked out a groups on the two days preceding
plan to send an American “Col. the convo. Lawrence” to visit the Arabs Ag Staff Address
around Dakar. The first of these will be an adThe idea wiis that just as Col. dress before members of the AgriLawrence had won the support of cultural staff at their monthly the Arabs for the British in the last luncheon to bo held Monday, March war, so the United States could 23. Dr. MeVey’s (opic for this win over the Arabs in French West speech will be “The Declaration of Africa, especially around the vital Independence and the American base of Dakar, the jumping off place Way.” The second lecture will be to South America. given the following evening, TucsSo Col. Charles Sweeney, who day, March 24, at 7:30. lie will talk
of the band members has occasioned the remark by music critics that Sevitzky thought of an all-Ameri-can youth orchesti'a long befoi’e
anyone else did. Nearing Fifty
Directoi Sevitzky bnnsclf, while nearing the fifty mark, is still considered young ill the realm of symphonic conductors. Born in Tver, Russia, Fabien Se-
/ Program
Praeludiuni and Allegro Kreisler-Sevitzky
Symphony “Pathetique” No. 6 In B Minor .. Tchaikovsky
Adagio. Allegro non troppo
Allegro con grazia Allegro molto vivace
Finale. Adagio lamentoso
Intermi.ssion
Essay For Orchestra Barber Polka and Fugue from Schwaiula, Weinberger
cents for adults are on sale at the School of Agriculture; L. E. cago, and Indiana—competed in the Deac’s, Southworth’s, or Loebs, and Hoffman, associate director of ex- final sessions of the two-day Westat the door. tension; T. R. Johnston, director of ern Conference Discussion meet. Director Sinte 19.37 information; Glen W. Sample, as- held yesterday in the Union. ' Sevitzky became the ■ permanent distant extension editor and county Representing the University in conductoi' of the orchestra at the ^S’^'^^'-’ltural agents of 12 counties in discussion was the following
opening of the concert season in November of 1937, and under his direction the Indianapolis Symphpny has developed into one of the 16 major symphony orche.slras in the
country.
Dr. Sevitzky was born in 1893
the northeastern part of the state.
has had much experience with the Arabs, was delegated to undertake this difficult and important mission. But when Secretary Hull hoard of the Donovan plan, he hit the ceiling. Calling Donovan into his office, Hull lectured him at length, declaring: “You are trying to interfere with the conduct of my relations with a friendly coun-
try.”
to a Social Science Seminar in the faculty lounge of the Union on “The Expansion of the Frontier and Rise
of Democracy.”
Di'. McVey has been a personal friend of President Elliott for many yeais and has collaborated with him on educational prdjects 1'or some tiihc. Dr. MeVey’s Alma Mater was Minnesota whore he also taught for several years. Dui'ing his period of teaching there be conducted a tax survey of the state which finally
evision of the stale tax
team, coached by R. W. Horn of the speech department: Kenneth W. Buxton, Jean S. Canning, W. D. Peters, Jane Ostrander, Jorge P. Roach and Armando Schemel-Faria. The subject of this final discussion was Pan American relations, with respect to the existing Good Neighbor Policy. This discussion
Tomorrow night at 8 a style show was broken up into two rounds. The of dresses designed and constructed first one was a discussion of the P^n by coeds in the costume illustration American Union on the subject of
Alan's Department Store Will Present Coed Design Show
vitzky came to the United States says, “America gavg me the thing near Tvei-, Russia, of a musically in 1923, and was made a naturalized ^ desired. It was the chance to prominent family. His first feat in citizen in 1928. He likes to say that woi'k for my living. I will give to the musical world was the winning he’s even move of an American than America anything it asks of me.” of the Caesar Ciii scholarship for most, because he is a member of a Seventy-three of the eighty-five double bass at the Imperial Conser-
Blackfoot tiibe (he was named Indianapolis musicians which make vatory of Music. Following his grad- co^n'se will bo held at Alan’s De- “To What Extent Should the NaCliiof Ar-So-Tai-Mo, “Good Load- '•'P orchestra were born in the nation from the conservatory, he partment store. Coeds are urged to tions of the Western Hemisphere or”), and likes to Ihi’nk that he has United States; all but one of the played in the Moscow Imperial ^*ds style show, at which Co-operate and Unite?” The second a Hoosier accent. remaining 12 are naturalized citi- Theatre until 1915, at which time judging in the dress de- discussion covered a World FederaSiibject to abject poverty in Po- ^uns, and that one has received his he enlisted iri the Russian army ®*Sn contest sponsored by Alan’s, in tion and how this federation would
land in his early years there, he (See PERSONNEL, Page 4) (See SYMPHONY,! Page 4)
cooperation with the applied design offer the most effective solution to
IIu|l rtatly refused to give Col.
Sweeney a passport. So no attempt led to has been made to win over the Ar- laws.
ahs of West Africa. President at North Dakota Note: British intelligence re- p„|, outstanding work, he was ports that three French warships president of the University sailed Irom Dakar last month bound North Dakota where he remained
for Madagascar. This will relieve the danger to Brazil, but it may increase iiossible danger to BiitishU. S. shipping routes through the Indian Ocean to Suez and India; depending on whether the French warships Ivill protect Madagascar fiom the British or from the Jap-
anese.
Donald Nelson Explains
as jiie.sident
Navy Enlistment's
Class V-7 consists of men training to bo deck officers, and is open
In his radio appeal for an immo- to men itot youngei than nineteen diate 26 per cent increase in war ,ior older than twenty-eight. Exponproduction, Donald Nelson an- ent’s previous a<nnouncement of a nounced that joint management-la- 21-year age limit for this class in (Sec MEURY-GO-ROUNl), page 2) the Navy was erroneous.
Students Believe America Fights To Keep Democracy (By Student Opinion Surveys) ' ————
AUSTIN, Tex., March 14.—Four out of every ten college students believe that the United Nations are fighting this war for the same reason usually given foi fighting World War I—to preserve democracy, a national sampling of Student Opinion Surveys of America shows. Taken on college campuses all
Gmpplers Annex Big Ten Crown; Climax Brilliant Wrestling Season CHICAGO, 111., March 14.— (Special to the Purdue Exponent)—Purdue’.s Boilermakers
for several years. From theie he supreme in Big Tcu Wrestling circles as a result of their lopsided victory over their
went to the University of Kentucky conference rivals before a large crowd in Bartlett Gymnasium, here tonight. The victorious Riveters piled up 33 points, as compared to 19 for the second place Minnesota Coi)hers who wound up in third place. No less than,four champions were wearing the
Gold and Black of old Purdue when the last match drew to
an exciting close.
Mickey MacDonald started the Riveters on the victory tiail, as ho had done so often before during the past wrestling campaign, when he scored a decision ovei Picket of Iowa in the final round,, of the 121 pound class. Casey Fredoiicks, the/Purdue captain
where be remained from 1913 to 1940.
Roth, Evans Lead Field As Bridge Meet Enters Second Final Round
After the final scores in the first session of the final round of the AllCampus Contract Bridge tourna-
Seniors To Request Graduation Speech By President Elliott One of the changes made when the University was geared to war
department, will take place. The members of the audience will bo provided with ballots on which to vote for the dresses they like liest. Three St. Louis tlress designers and Mr. Calion of Alan’s, who are to be the judges, will consider these ballots in selecting the win-
ners.
Exponent Staff To Hold Annual Banquet Today In East Faculty lounge
our mutual problems.
University Concert . Choir Will Perform For Monticello PTA University Concert Choir of SB voices will appear at a special concert, sponsored by the High. School PTA, in Monticello next Tuesilhy evening. Previous out of town appearances made by the Choir include concerts at Indianapolis, Bedford, Seymour and Louisville, “The Lord’s Prayer” and “Intfet-
All ed and coed members of the
senior, junior, sophomore, and mezzo” will be featured on Tiles-^ freshman staffs of the Exponent day’s program while Alberta Schare invited to attend the annual madel, soprano; Marvin Smith, tenbanquet which will be held today at or; Carolyn Wood, contralto; dnd 6:30 p. m. in the East Faculty William Kennedy, baritone are the Lounge of the Union. soloists. Albert P. Stewart, choir The entertainment for the even- director, has announced that the
answered, “Oh, we’re fighting to preset VC democracy, I guess.”
Rea.sons Are Varied
Note that 4 per cent of those interyiewed believe that we are fighting England’s war. Their attitude is similar to that of those who ans-
ing will be furnished by the sopho- choir will appear in robes for the
time speed was the elimination of moies of the staff. Also at this time first part of the program, in form&l the usual Baccalaureate program, silver keys will be presented to de- dress for the next two parts, and in
ment"were” totaled up, it'was found wound up his undefeated collegiate it was thought by members of the serving juniors and bronze keys to gypsy costumes for the concludin(| that Roth and Evans were leading caieor in a blaze of glory when he War Council that seniors planning deseiving sophomores. Although numbers. the field with a score of 81 V2 points, was awarded a deci.sion over Peri- to receive degrees this May'would there will be no formal speeches .the Gloria Specht, acrobatic dancer. The games were played off yestcr- zzo of Minnesota in the 128 pound to hear President Elliott speak seniors will be asked to say a few and Art Jacklin, pianist, will al^O
day afternoon in room 363 of the (.jjjgj. to them at their last meeting. ^ , Mark Matovina then followed the Permission for the holding of this Grouped loftether , program by the War Council will be Four or five pairs are all closely example set by his teammates and ypoj, proof of sufficient stugioupcd toegther about eight points also scoied a decision over Dean of cient support. Following is the text behind the leaders. Pecksok and Michigan in the 136 pound division, of the petition which has been sent
words about their different staffs, be on the program.
Kintnci, 73’/(>, Kirch and Johnson, „ 1. ,
n 1 , Victory Expres.s Halted
Moeller and Pashley, tied with 69,
Anderson and Evans, 68Mi, and Gil- point the Pin due victory lotto and Laddoii, 66V.. are all with- express was momentarily halted
wered, “We are fighting because ol striking distance of first place. while several of the other confer-
Each pair plays 21 hands and the ence schools came through to score aehedule of the University has ne- /;r„^V“aU.leYic®horrar“y*“ratcrnjty™^^ athletic department, has at-
to the campus honoraries for distribution in the various schools:
Senior.s Petition
Whereas the revised curricular
Sigma Delta Psi Holds Tryouts In PE Classes
cessitated many changes, including
over the country, thc^poll reveals the Pearl Ilarhoi attack; wo were
that 40 per cent of the students, a iorced into it.” scoies are graded according to the .some victories. Jolin.son of Michi-
group more than twice as large as Reasons given the interviewers highest number of points the indi- gan won a decision over Morten of elimination of final examinaany other group giving a different were vai ied. One giil at Sfeiihons vidual pairs make foi the parLicii- Minnesota; Soabrooke was awarded fions, the advancement ot coin-
answer, believe that World War 11 College ill Missouri said frankly, lar hands. a victory over Wan en Gregory, the i.S being fought for the continuance “To save our own necks; that’s First and second iilacc will go to Purdue ciiti y in the 165-pound class; of democracy or, as some put it, “for why.” A hoy at anothei'school said, those paiis which have the highest AiiLhoiiesen of Illinois defeated the Bill of Rights,” or “for freedom “We aie fighting to finish what cumulative^total at the end of the ’fraster of Indiana; and Roberts of
lionld liave been done in the last final round. The winners and lunt'iii.” iiers-up are to receivi' gold ainUsil-
ver troiihies.
(Editor’s Note: This is the second in a series of articles concerning the work and
and liberty.” Eighteen per cent, the next large.st group, think we are fighting primarily to defeat the
Axis powers.
Different Reactions Listed Without suggesting any po.s.silile
Many gave “economic gams as ttio reason for the war, pointing out Japiui’s need for tlio raw malerial.s ill ttie Dulcti East Indies and llie
Wisconsin was declaied the winner over Galles ol Michigan. Frank Ruggieii then came through to put the
meneeiuent exercises and the elimination of the cnstomaiy Baccalan-
loatc Sunday,
'riierefore we, the undersigned, students of Purdue University who are eligible to receive degrees in May, 1942, do hereby petition for
answers, interviewees weie asked, fjinLes’detoi miiiation to pro-
“What would you say we are fighting for in this war’.'” The complete results, shown in eight different groupings of answers, iollow:
serv(‘ them for this country. One inteiviewoe at Moiimoutli College in Illinois was very uneer-
Ruby Clark Will Speak To Home Ec Students
Riveters hack in the victoiy column permission to hold a meeting of all when h(' scored a victoiy over Wil- such persons on the afternoon of
Sunday, April 26, 1942, in the Hull ol' Music. We do hereby furthci- re-
eox ill the heavyweight division.
First Title
((Host that the president of the Uni-
3’oniglit’s eonfcimice victory was . , . ,1 o -1 1 I versiLy speak to this group at that
the first loi the Boilerinalcevs, vvlio , , , ,
tempted to raise the standards of
Tryouts for Sigma Delta Psi the honorary. Hansen’s primikty tests are still being conducted in purpose is to interest students in PEM 12 classes and may be taken physical fitness during a time when any time during the physical fitness physical fitness means so much, classes. Wellman France and Billy Can Become National Knowles, PEM 12 instructors, will Through the re-vamped prineipUlS judge .whether or not caiulidates mentioned above the University have negotiateil an event with the chapter is now affiliated with the required proficiency. national organization of Sigma 6elWilkening, Phillips Help ta Psi. All 14 tests must be passed Each Tuesday and Thursday af- to become a member of the natiottternoon from 4 until 6 Howard Wil- al chapter. Mejnbei's, furthermore^ keiiiiig, freshman track coach, and receive a national certificate and a Don Phillips, intramural depart- key, emblematic of physical achieve*
Al the Virginia C. Meredith club >'ave miule rapid strides
40% 18 10
9
I I
'Po preserve democracy To defeat flic Axis p'or economic reasons Self‘preservalion
For England
Because of Pearl Harhor For a lusting peace Other rea.sons or no
opinion
Many sUidciits, especially Ihosc
giving democracy ns
fighting often (inalilied their answers with an uncerlain “I guess,”
the
('laiidi'
lain as to (lie lea.son we are fight- in (.he home economics and- wreslliiig game ever since ('lai ing. As he admitted, “1 don’t know; tomorrow afternoon at 4 Reock ai rived nn (he Piiidue ci
I’m all class.”
mixc'd np after my ‘eco’
itorium tomorrow attern^on
Prof. Ruby Clark, instructor of in- PUs just five years ago. The Rivetsi itiitioii management, will speak on ers were an extremely (lowerful “Food I’rohlems in War.” l<‘_ain I hi onghont (he entire dual This IS (ho second of a series of niet'l se.isoii which (‘iided recently ineetings sponsored hy each of the and weri' installed as lavoriles to (lifferent option groups of the Home cop Ihi' Big' ’fcii crown when the Ee Seliool, and is heing (ilanned hy Wi'sU'rn Conlerence schools gath-
coe; Gordon Hazard, Rochester, N. momhors majoring"in dietetics and ered here to hogin the title matches the reason for Y,; Willuid Hazard, Rochester, N. institution. The committee is com- last Friday. The lads from LafayY.; Wally Ellifretl, Daylon; Lee ]u)sed of: llobortu Bueclu'le, chair- elle did no! let tlieir suiiporters Alexander, Oakdale, N. Y.; Howard man, Betty Marriol, Ijois Caldwell, down and as a result they rule the
Tano Blank, and Evelyn Krause, roost tonight as champions of the
10
Delta Upsilon
. . . social fraternity, amiounces the iiledging of Dave Smith, Glen-
or “I suppose that’s it.” As one stu- Volh, Akron; Al Crofts, Lockport, J; dent at Louisiana Stale University N. Y.; John Tabh, Findlay, Ohio. fi
faculty.
Big Toil.
ime, such progiam to replace tin ciislomary Baccalaureate program.
Exponenf Staff Sfalf haiuiuef will lie held tonight al 6:30 p. m. in the east Faeiilty Lounge of the Union. Recommendations ninsl he Inrned in not lafer than 6 p. in. Monday, March 16. Interviews will begin Tuesday, March 17, at 4 p. m. Schedule ia posted in the office in (he Union. Please he pronlpl.
ment assistant to M. L. (Cliief) Clcvelt will be available to officiate
ill the taking of tests.
In order to ;iehieve local inemhership one niiisL pass seven of the 14 tests and in so doing organized men receive two points (or rather the
liouse does) toward the annually little time and really tries, awarded Fraleniily Partieipatiou May Make Other Contacts
'Prophy. In the (last no points were iloleil out and Sigma Delta Psi generally missed the aceomplishmeiit of its purpose. No money is necessary for the local membeislup certificate.
merit. A small charge is asked fOt luiLional members. Hansen stressed t hat Sigma Delta Psi was not fotUt^'* ed as an excuse for collectiUijf another key. He further mamtains that any normal male student enh gain menihership if he invests k
After getting the campus itoteis ested ill physical fitness, Haitsell hopes to make contact with Chhptt^lta at other schools for the compafiht of ideas and the advancement of thd
Chief Clevett recently appointed organization. Chuck Hansen to the position of Information concerning the chairman of the organization and may be obtained from Chuck Mawi* Hansen, with tlie cooperation of the sen or Chief Clevett,Putdue ExpSnefit
rjrwralWAj" *1 , ^ ^ M .
^ ^ li
Sunday, Match IS^ ^l9m
iiitimti
Calendar MViaek'bf'MARCH 15-21,1942
Sunday, March 15 4bb't*M—Omicron Nu Tea Old Chestnut lloom, Un
*1*1111 —Exponent "Staff Dmnoi
lO-DO A M
Monday, March -County A^h'i1fs‘'MeGfnig
M 45 AM —^County Agents Meeting 2-30 P M —^Indianapolis Symphony — Childreii’s Cdnceit 4*60 P M —Umbn Coiurtiittee 4 DO P M —Agronomy Seminai 4-1*6 PM—Union Committee 6’30 PM—P I A Dance Class "7 3D PM—Indianapolis Symphony Tuesday, March 5 00 AM —^Red Cioss—Fust Aid 4.00 P M —Union Tea Dance 4*00 P M —Committee on State of
Univei sity«
7 15 P M —Reamei Club 7 30 PM—Forestry Club Meeting 7 30 P M —Christian Science Organization 7 30 P M —Silver Mask Meeting 7 30 P M —Camera Club 7 30 Open Meeting of American Pharmaceutical Association 7 30 PM—Ceres Meeting 7 30 P M —Alpha Phi Omega 7 30 Pm—Maiital Lectuie 7 30 PM—Western Conference Discus Sion Touinanient 8 00 P M —Graduate Dames Initiation 8 00 PM—Christian Science Lectuie 10 00 PM—Oldei l^outh Oiganization
East Faculty Lge , Umbn
16
Both Faculty Lges, Un
ion
Old Chestnut Room, Un-
ion
Hall of "Music Room 305 Union Rbom 201, Ag Hall Room 303, Union North Ballioom, Union Hail of Music
17
kbbm 304 Union South Ballroom, Union Room 263, Union Room 304, Union Room 117, Hort Bldg Room 303, Union Room 304, Union Room 302 Union Room 311, Pharmacy Bldg Room 305, Union Room 307, Union West Faculty~ijge Un
East Faculty Lge , Union Rooms 365 and 363, Union West Faculty Lge Un-
Weduesday, March 18
6 00 P M —Foi ester's BdnqUet 7 00 PM—Certification Inspectois Training 7 30 PM—Inter fraternity Discussion
F
7 30 P M —Mai 11 lge Com se 7 30 PM —Kappa Psi Meeting 7 30 PM—Hoiticultuial Society 7 30 PM—Giaduate Dames Club Fust * Aid Classes Thursday, March 9 00 A M —Red Cioss—Fust Aid 1 30 P M —National Discussion Contest 3 00 PM—Scioen Review 4 30 P M—Faculty Bowling League 6 00 P M —Animal Science Semin ii 6 30 P M —P 0 M M Banquet 7 00 P M —Aiiiiml Science Forum 7 30 PM—Btitch and Scvi Giaduate
Dame^
7 30 PM—P I A Chorus
7 30 PM—Chiistiai Student Fellowship
Friday, March 20
4 00 P M—Defense Lecture—-Professor EStey Eliza Fowler Hall 4 30 PM—Cosmopolitan Club Meeting Room 304, Union 7 30 P M —Inter trateriiity Fellowship Room 307, Union 8 30 PM—Gold Feppei Dance Both Ballrooms, Union
Saturday, March 21 National Rifle Association
Tournament
1 00 PM—Bridge Touinanient Rooms 355 and 363, Un-
ion
7 30 PM—Jeffeison Hop Dinner Dance Nofth Ballioom Union 8 30 P M —Student Co op Dance South Ballioom, Union 3 30 TP M —^Tau Epsilon Phi Dance Chapter House 8 30 PM—Alpha Kappa Lambda Dance Chapter House
East Faculty Lge Union
Room 104, Ag Hall West Faculty Lge , Un
ion
Rooms 302 and 304, Un
ion
Room 303, Union Room 117, Holt Bldg Room 110, ChE Bldg
19
Room 304 Union
Rooms 303, 304 305 307
Union
Hall ol Music
Room 263 Union Old Chestnut Room Un
ion
East Faculty Lge Union
Room 304 Union Room 263, Union
Tower, Union
Room 507 Union
iLOuis M. Sears To Speak lAt'^Now Harmony'Forum Dr L M Sears of the history economics and government depart ment, will represent the University at ilie Owcttite Forum a feature of the New Harmony anmversaiy cele biation to be held next Ihuisday afternoon at the New Harmony Center in Posey County Dr Sears will speak on “Cultivat ing Spiritual Conception’ as a part of the program designed to bung uut the ideals ol this famous his torical Rdppite settlement Repic BeWatives of othei state univeisi ties and colleges "w ill also take pait rn the program
Stevens Institute of Technology has staited the “first emergency course in engineeiing'at the college
level” lor women
M. E. MOREHOUSE bAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 56'2'14
Merry-Go-Round (Contanued frohi page 1) boi committees would be set up rn every plant to devise methods of increasing output There has been considerable conjecture since then over the sbope ol these committees, tVhefhei they should run the plants or merely be advisory The bthei day Nelson explained lUst what he had m mind in a private talk with Walter Reuther, forceful Vice president of the pou eiful CIO United Auto Workers, who mote than a year ago pl'oposed the so called “Reuther Plan” for the quick conversion of the Auto industry into a unified mass producer of hundreds of planes and tanks daily While in Washington on union business after Nelson’s broadcast, a mdtual friend Suggested to Rbuthei that he have a talk with the War Production Chief whom he had never met Nelson greeted feeuthei cordially, remarking that he had heard a lot about his plan but had not seen its details “I can tell you all about them m three minutes,” sard Reuther “Shoot,” replied the war chief Nelson listened intently, asked a few questions, then remarked “Es sentially, your objective is the same as mine The only thing on which we differ is the way to go about it ” “Holv’s that’” “Simply this ” said Nelson “Wc both watft the auto industry to luake all the airplanes, tanks and guns it can Your plan called for joint committees to direct the conversion, with a government^ representative participating as a side line adviser I believe in doing it differently — one man for action and committees for advice That’s why I have one man, my lepiesentative, in Detroit directing conversion, with the com mittees you proposed advising him It’s your plan only in reverse” Nelson also told Reuther that he hoped the joint committees would take then work seriously and sub mit every practical plan for incieas ihg production Howevei Nelson stiessed that he and not the com mittCes would.decide on the merits of the proposals, that the function ol the committees was strictly “ad
visoiy
Note After first approving the joint committee plan, Secretarj Knox later told Nelson he was opposed because it would “Sovi etize U S industry ” Knox con tended that management alone should do the job Nelson brushed aside Knox’s tears and declared that without the full toopeiation ot labor the w ar could not be Won H expect full cooperation from the Navy on my plan ’ Nelson said firmly or else And if you doubt ihy word there is a man in the White House who will eon firm it for you ’ Wiekard Tells 'Em Farm bloc efforts to put over puce kiting legislation got tough handling from Secietary of Agii culture Claude Wickard at a secret session of the House Agiieultuie committee He bluntly warned that if the power to sell goveinmcnt owned crop surpluses is obstructed, the consequences would be the “wildest era ol inflation m the na tion’s histoij Dine Tonight KU CHINA GRILL CHOW MEIN — CHOP SUEY $ 409 Columbia St
Hays Jewolty Co. 131 North Fourth St T Fine jewelry at Moderate Price T>4.4.4 4-*-4
And The Axis Chortled ... The government built homes for the minority goup and 8&t a ifate for'^fhdm’to be occupied. The majority group who lived in the neighborhood objected. They held a mob meeting in protest. Men in white robes burned fiery crosses. They urged violent action in op-
position
Movthg day arrived and trucks laden with furniture and followed by the new tenants appioached the development They found a picket line Which had been formed around the housing project by the majority group waiting to meet them The pickets stopped the vans The driver of the first truck was struck on the head with a rock Knives flashed Brickbats, guns, clubs appeared in both groups The Detroit police charged in—into the negroes of course—m ah attempt to disperse them The police made no attempt to break “^the picket line and help the negroes occupy their homes One inspector is said to have reifiarked, “It would be suicide if we used our sticks on any of them (the whites) ” The brawl developed into a fiot before it was brought Under control Which was only after the negroes had been thoroughly beaten and driven back to their old homes by the police and the whites One young negro said bitterly, “The army is about to take me to fight for democracy, but I would as leave fight for democracy right here Here we are fighting for ourselves ”
liaiVifclifiiiriniilWi
Dear Francis Scott Key: ’ of Purdue University, offer 'b^i* apuldgies for the manner m which oUi'MnkWal anthem was butchered again last Thursday at the Student War Council Convocation Wc know you did not Write the fiiusic of the “Star Spangled Banner,'’'but We do know you wrote the words At J;he time you wrote them you probably never expected to have them officially recognized by the Congress of these United States as the nation's anthem l^Ut believe us, Frank, occasionally we do feel a patriotic tremor run through us wheh we sing your words, “0, say can you see ” And it isn’t our fault that we could not give due tCvererice to them last Thursday We know that they do hot sound very inspiring sung wlt^l a pause for station identification between each 'Syllable of every word And we know it isn't very inspiring to have pistol shots go oft and bass'-drums boom at the end of each bar of music, but we jiiSt caraiot make the leader of the band understand these things Well, Frank, we lust wanted to let you know how we felt about it and to tell you that We don’t blame you if you start a picket patrol in back of the Music Hall in protest for the desecration That is, if some irate and ted-up student does not beat you to it d t b And the Axis propagandists chortled — J f a
PerscuQ.'dl
Companies Scheduled To Visitithti Cartlprts— ^ RCA MainvftMltu)i'iftg-doi,4h(J.^ Indianapolis, iticU, Maidh U S Mai me Corps, Indianapolis, Ind, Maich 17, 18, 19 Ameiican BtOel Foundry Co., fchi* cUgO, 111, March 19 National Tube Company, Lordm, Ohio March 20 Texas Company, Lookborfc, Illirtois, March 20 Guide Lamp Division, GMC, Andei’son, Indiana, Mtetch 20.
All but tivo df the 'Artiendan states, the Histrlet 6f lEfdlumbia, five outlying possessions and three foreign countiies drd irOpre'BgH/ted *by coiiesporicleCe 3tudentS’‘<of tKB Univcisily ot Wisconsin
I FHlENfiLY ^ERVldE = Boiidoli ^ Gas and Oil I T. & R. OIL CO., Inc.
Everything for A College Eduedtioh DEAC’S
Howevei while talking tough, Wickdid got ovei his views only with the gieatest difficulty Bull voiced tineiilent farm bloceis, led by Republican August Andicsen of Minnesota and Tied Gilchiist ot Iowa heckled him so scveielv that Wickaid was unable to begin; much less complete a eaieful statement he had piepaied Seveial times he was foiced to plead “Please gentlemen give me just a tew minuteb to picsent my views I can do u up a lot of mis undei standing if you will give mo a eh nice But the lequcst fell on de it eais Andiesen thundeiously chaiged that the Administiation was be filending laboi while “selling out” the farmei When Wickaid smiled at this obvious political sally An dicscn 11 ltdv dom inded why the goveinmcnt was uigmg incicascd faim pi od action and at the same time insisting that AAA ciop con tiols aie nece-,saiy ‘ 7 o carry on the war we must hi\e iiici eased production ot cei tain commodities of Which there lb a shortage like so\ beans, which are needed foi the manu
facture of vegetable oils dnd othei uses,” Wickard explained “Filrmers have a right to operate without New Deal interfer ence and they have a right to full parity prices at the market place,” retorted Andresen “They don’t want government subsidies to make up the difference, but the (Continued on page 4)
nibroc paper towels None Bettor Prices to Suit PHONE 7828 LAFAYETTE PRINTING CO.
DR. M. P. LORD DENTIST 306-7 Lafayette Life Oldg
OREBTING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS University Book Store Arrows From Union *H«1 Sammons ’’9 * Dot * Epple *40
MARS -NOW PLAYING-
HiGH ABOVE ALL EPICS OF THE AIR!
A A'flif WARfipR Bhos Sf/ectsf ..DENNIS MORGAN BRENDA MARSHALL EXTRA' ALL COLOR CARTOON LATEST WAR NEWS IN PICTURES
ARC
TODAY - MONDAY -
m. bs miMj
— with — FRANCIIOr TONE CAROL BRUCE — and — ROAD SHOW — with — VDOLI’H MENJOU C\ROI lANDIS — ALSO — MARCH OF TIME
LUII
lA
TODAY-MON. .
. 2 HITS
DR
PAUL A
RISK
DR
LUTHER A
RISK
DR
HAROLD J
RISK
- DENTISTS
—
dOO
404 Schultz
Bldg
4th and Main St
Lafayette
^
■ ■ ■■ -v
DANCE RECITAL TUEs., march nth 8 00 P M PUBLIC Ih^VtfEb ADMISSION FREE CHILDREN'S CLASSES QPtN SAT.. MARCH 2Ht Classes Divided According ta Ago Ballet—Tap—Ballroom. ALLEN’S 6th & E^erry
“^^eres Tlo Defense ^ against these nnith making funsters of Tanks A Million
fi^uhdusL fxfiofumt All-Amerieah I940-'41
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act Uf Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, autbonred January 20, 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3 50 per year, mail subscriptions, $4 00
Edltorrin Chkt News r Owrtr
News Editor Editor
Ned A Ochiltree John L. TrauKott Phil Johnson
Huslness Manager Managing Editor Coed Editor
Don S Powers Leland W Rnffner Ruth Rose
Publication Staff Aasociate Editore Editerial BtafI J F Amou J H Armstrong D -T eropbr, K L Hadley 1 I Jonta L C Kicj tr Bporla S(a0 0 r Clark J D 1 rascr J S Keeler Caed Ptadi Mary K Uuynton Alice Cliutfield Jane Kanudell
Business Staff Cned Dualneaa Manager Donna Siess Office Manageri Lee Bps Bony LucAl Advertising Managers K K Gjemte R E Saxton Circulation JHanager W T Bell Accounts Manager W D Millard Junior Cued Managers Jean Frankcnberry Frances Lloyd, Julia Martin
‘PhonM: Editorial and business, 4005, Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10PM, 5377
Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service Ine College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madibon Ave Nbw York N Y
Staff Tor This Issue
Msht Editor Wolf MghI hporls Pdlfor Rrelger
Day Editor Beall Issue Editor Tierney
Reiiorters But< V kh Ij ii H si is 1 iiKi R iiicmort
The Most Exciting Picture You've Ever ISeeiil
Rich in its lashing action . set against the lurid backgroiind at -with the souls of men'
from the crMhrswd play by JOHN COLtON — with — Victor MATURE Wditer HUSTON Onu MUHSON — Phyllis BROOKS
Starts TODAY umiusTtt
wmu
NOW SHOWING -DOUBLE FEATURE-
AU. MV tfUJTHES A*H AT THE SANITONE CLEANERS
BETTY’S IN THE BARREL (Blit Only Temporarily)
She sent hei olollies to llie Ameiican to have them thoioughly tlcanetl, jierlectly pressed and lelieshened. DIAL 727S AMERICAN LAUNDRY . 132 Northwestern Ave.
SHE SET MIH’S HEARTS ATLAHIE Life in the swamplands blazed into primitive baffle for her love ... until a man worth loving ... even dying for .. came into her life! Then she turned frbm fsiren to real woman! -lauSSBdaShMBMllI A Dazzling tddw Star —m a Dynamic Role!
OI2IOUI2UE
PLUS It's a Mystery (But You'll Roar) It s a Comedy (But You'll Gasp) THE SMILING GHOST* — with — * Wayne MORRIS — Brenda MARSHALL*
f ii^iH^.llm^fJ,Ut4tlk . .
. f j;/
s4'
f.
Sasttjfet^, Jlitm;^ J5, iP42
i^lli||l»Ai
^ fr >ife-|r'l "1". A, ^" Ai
I Vfin lotieT Relays ^ tie fW £i^
, % PV{i\ tdhti&oh, 'Extidlieht S^Jdrts “EtiiWi* ’
Sitft’feU 'J1JULblt(!)ftJgE, MarcJh 14—mtre Dame’s one p$^y t^sRtn’Woti the final evfeiitfin the Tenth Annual Sutler
JtOttii^ht to gi’Ve the Irish the winning ?^are 'and
lilkjhigM's fiiine year domination of this colorful track ^jirfdrfelhali 8,000 watchedlhfe'balancte of the Itotre‘Dame ^^<Q*5?ti^<JOffte the indi;\^idual strength of Ohio State and Ne-
loj^e^a major share of the ^1,000 trOpby list,
fh Dame finished first with 88 1-3, Ohio State second 1 Indiana thifd with 21; Nebraska fourth with 18 1-3, pttt fifth With IT 1-8; Illinois sixth With IT; 'Pittsburgh with 16; atlti Purdue ahd .■ estem tied for eighth With « n_,^ .^„v, Johnson (Ind) Smith (NW) tied for third
?vatt leaen, Hei^t « feet, S r> s inches. ^ ^
tthil wan first place m the col- , WivgRSrhf MEm;fiY anLAV - Won El j i* I It , t 1 xft 1 by Indhinn (Kendall Price Mitchell Hand) ,.i|Soi|1|^StlM0tt, followed by West- Nbtre^Darfe second Ohio Stdte third I’^fekigah eollege, Sa, Traine ™ffoY^BD*’»a8H'-^on^hy^Carter (Piti) iJi^Utleri '3.2., Bailham, 4, and oolbeoe sprint medley — Won jm ttate Teadhers College, 2 rhi.thf%l^itrri^&«t"mi®“te "(fHOh wriltht wen the high and low Butler fourth Time S 42 5 (New Butlci
T .1 . , , Relays lecord'l
|l|s and was given the outstand college sprint medley—Won by f« ■ ■ AwMhrmAyinp fnr tho eornriH hriri M>ami (Blahey Stien AIppbti Alston) i-panerlBaBCe lor tne secona con Puticr second Wfestern third Kansas CUHiye^ipeaT. state Teachers fourth Time 10 41 »?vrTj -it . i. ^ ivt , 1. 1 60 YARD HIGH TIURDLES — Won hy tiHaiold'Jtdnt of Nebraska bioke wr%ht fOS) saundfers (Miami) second pole vault record of <^0) third Kron (P) fourth Time
114 fpet With a jump of 14 feet 1 1 4 UNIVERSITY four mile relay -
J; / ' Won by Illinois (Gladding Seib Dunn lUlyflPR I(ehbcl:K) Michigan second Notre D^me ) PlirrtiiA*® Onn nnint nnvno from o tbii 1 Ohio State fourth Time 17 63 4 j fIJTOUefi one point came irom a vaUit-Wou bv Hunt (N) Jes T(>iii>th plpce earned by Gene Kron sup (Pitt) Rhoades (PitO tied for slc l”-* ” ond Sen la (M) Debus (N) D'Ctoff tied
for fodrth Height 14 feet, 114 inches (New meet locoid Old rfecord 14 feet Sot
Cleyj^'i^Ctpflquad Rf^dk's Artiva^ Marked Dawn WinColleqiateSquash Of N^w Ptiwter Wrestling ira lounwylqlfiRdyCity Lust Satui'day saw the close of the wrestling season on the /su /sil LX, -n I 1 ‘Boilermaker campus as the Boilermaker tgrapplers, under the squash ^quad wowed ’em again by guiddnceof Coach Claude'Reeck, ended festivities for the seaafaneKing then seventh win out of ^on With a Wifi Over'the wfestlmg team from Northwestern
nlhte starts m the Western (Jolleg- University.
late squash touinament held on the This makes the fifth year Goach Reeck has been at the helm down-toWn couits of Northwestern wrestling sqtiad here at the University, and the most
successful Heeck's matmen pum
moled the canvas with seven diffei ertt aggregations of wrestlers this season, representing seven df the
Chicago, and the Boilermakers foremost squads of collegiate Wrest
foul of the fop teamo m the M.d- m6) So opoi.t.on,
the ePnteSts ehded With the Boiiei- started strictly from scratch The
University last night
The tournament brought togethei the combined play of Squash teartis from Northwestern, Notte Dame,
campus had ever heai d of the sport of wrestling (except for a stiay match or so around the Stadium oi
West
Win Both 'Matches
makers on the little end ctf the count
first two seasons, in ISSS-’SQ and
In their first bracket of play, the encounter being lost to the ’39.140^ not much but oiganizing Boilermakers won two out of three University df Illinois by two points accomplished The fiist com matches with the University of Chi vsny few people besides the j^etition with any display of fomid
cago Northwestern was the next bit Tefdrde WdUld^have awarded of competition, and the Boilermak- Hailed "From Iowa
eis disposed of the Wildcats with the same form and score by which they had downed the Maroons, two
out of three
Climaxes Season
This championship climaxes
ibility by the Boilermakers same
during the 1940-’41 season Spilt Even Last Season
Reeck’s wiestlers took pait in eight matches last season, three conference, two otherwise, and split exactly 50-50, winning three confeience meets and a non-confer
0 go yaid high huidles
^ ^u|^%<iry IS ns follows
flyEMITY TWO MILE RELAY — ■u,. ]^diftnn (KcndnII Piic Mitchell MjolWgan dccontl Illinois third
■ foiirth Time 7 46 1
YARD LOW HURDLES — Won jght (OS) Olson (Ills) second 'I' iPitt) third rhomas (M) fourth
(ND) til rd
to feet
„Pl^--sWon hy Dclnnty [fit (NK second Wibdb (N) Aft (OS) fouith Dislnnee
4ncheB
(.pGE TWO MILE REI AY — Won (Algpoti Evans Bluyncy A1 JWSSwtn second Earlham third :b. State Teacheis fourth Time 8 08 2 (1| JUMP — Won by O Rourke (ND) 'npfer (OS) second Murphy (ND)
by Milt Padway Wisconsin in IMS) COLLEGE ONE MILE RELAY — Won by Pi line View (Mason English Baldwin Smith) Western second Butler third Miami fourth Time 3 25 4 (New meet
iccoid )
UNIVERSITY ONE MILE RELAY — Won by Notre Dame (Roy Tupta Fehlig Schietve) Ohio State second Nebraska third Michigan fourth Time 8 214
Yankton college officidls have an nounced lesig nation of Di Hachno Yuasa, a Japanese who was to have lectuied on oiiental cultuie
OJiS/.SiS
' i'fe ■ t. ,
Xi T Y7
UlttllHWIHljifOiiW" 1^1'
laosE /
Coach Reeck came to his piesent
job of head wrestling coach and as Bistant freshman football coach here at the Institution of Boilermakers, from Clinton High School, Clinton, loWa, Whdre he held a much similar
season of very su‘ccessfUl"sqUash in a smaller capacity Coming ence affaii Before the season of play by Coach Clevett’s racqueteers, Clinton High, Reeck left be- fleets began, howevei, the during the regular season CleVetVs iimd him a record of wins that when Boilermakers under Reeck’s guid racquet swingers dowhed seven out P®* read 94 percent for ^nce, entered and won the Midwest of eight bits of competition losing ^ period of competition a.AU wrestling championship meet only to the Saint Louis YMCA at wrestling teams Chicago Following the reg the squash tournament held in that Starred in College and High School ular season, Reeek's Boilermakers
To delve U bit further back into Meet, and our wrestling coach’s history, Claude Casey Fredericks, 121 pounder, who Reeck procured his college educa before won the 121 tion at Coriiell College, MoUnt Ver- Ponnd crown in the National AAU non, loWa At said institution of niatches, augmented his flawless learning he was a star on both the for the season by taking top wiestling and football teams Then, ^^obois in the Conference 121 pound
to go back to the happy high school
collegiate bowling match, in ei a, which had its setting m Osage, This season Coach Reeck had the Union bowling alleys Fiiday iq^a, oUr present coaCh of the giap- even better results His team re evening, ten coeds leprpenting the pjg,,g distinguished himself by be- peated then victory in the Midwest University won by 363 points ovei ^.^q^en on the all Iowa State AAU meet, winning five of the
footbull team two different years, and the all lovya State basketball team one year, and he rounded off
by playing varaity baseball Coached First Riveter Grappler When Coach RCeck came to the
University in the fall of 1937, there was no sign that anyone on the
city eailiei in the year
WAA Bowling Team Ouitolls Mundelein At the WAA -sponsored intei
ten coeds fiom Mundelein College Of Chicago Gills bowling on the University team were Georgiann Raderstoff, Kathryn Ade, Maren Chesnutt, Marilyn Fifield, Janice Yeoman, Mary Faustich, Mary Mills, Helen Hoskinson, Eva Williamson and Esther Kirkhoff who was high scorer in the match
SCOBEE’S SENIORS I Emplovers are interviewing now— DON’T DELAY —Have application photos ready—Reliable service. Phone 2343 105 Norlhwest'ern
Avc.
Tinyj With legs ta match average heights with slender legs . ViU-fcjOiCe m Btev, our Belle-Sharmeer Stocking leg stzed {ifxivtdthditKi length) for small legs Assures perfect fit m every feimfe, hdmshes that baggy look Also Modtte for middling legs, Dulhiss for long Clasac for plump Here exclusively Belle-Sharmeer Stockings m all leg sizes $1.35 to $1.65 a p&ir ieme & Wangerin Main Street
aSm
Rule No. 1 Keep Your Clothes Immaeulate
People still judge by ajjpearance, and a good one helps to keep up the morale. Get your clothes in condition for spring and'help them lastdonger by having them thoroughly cleaned.
Na^tliWeitera at Vine ^MilwlitiWiMititriiliiiiiiit L
Phone 4081
THE (;hestnut ROOi
winning
eight weight classes, when the sea son really got started, }:he Reeck coached squad waded rnto every thing that came then way with veiy good results, exceptrng the encount er with Illinois Then season ended last Saturday with six of seven en gagements chalked up on then side ol the ledger Last nrght Coach Reeek’s year as Boilermaker viestlmg coach reached its climax when his squad topped all others m Big Ten com petition and laid claim to top hon ois in the Western Conference wrestling tournament held in Chi
cago
' <■ A-kj
(Editor’s Note In the absence of Phil Johnson, Associate Sports Editor Ted Clark takes over ) 'Burnham Lays Ground Work For Offense During the past week Elmer Burnham has been painstakingly btuldirtg an offense for the ensuing football season He, Mel Taube an4 Silk Voinoff are now teaching the short punt formation Observations of Ute spring gridiron tuneup, which is still very much in rompers, mdlOdto quite a lew departures from Boilermaker gridiron tactics of ihe^past few years | For one thing it appears that the familiar and archaic shift from the ‘ T” foimation to the single wmgback will have little or no part m Btnmham’s plans The Boilermakers will probably be throwing the ball mate this fall Theie will be forward passes laterals and shovel passes Reverses and fake reverses—sans deception—dominated the single wing system here in recent years The man m the stands could tell where the ball was going Theme: Deception And More Deception But that will no longer be true Yes, we will have those reverses and fake reverses, but there will be deception Burnham is a master of that tuck He teaches his lads to take the ball, tuck that old elbow and-iu^ the pigskin behind the body Standing in front of the center it is, indeed, difficult to tell whether the man has fed the ball to a mate or decided to cany it himself Often times a back will have possession of the boll and seemingly be off to the laces, but suddenly the leather seems to aquirt out of his hands (appearing to be a neai fumble) and into the mitts of another lunnei And the man carrying the mail is past the fine of serammage—with his mates faking and then blocking—before the realization dawns on the defense Eiother, that is deception System Will Depend Upon Available Material Aftei Burnham’s appointment there was some discussion as to i^hat kind of attack the foimei Purdue fiosh and Central of South Beild coach would deploy That discussion has not fully abated foi Elmei is not sUre himself. He is open to suggestion and will continue to experiment It is possiidO' that he may use the effective Notre Dame box formation, Yrom'wfarch any man may cany the ball and any play may be lun He may oVen tinkei with the “T foimation that has biought such sensational shceess to Claik Shaughne«sy of the Stanfoid Indians and George Halas of the Chicago Bears among otheis Howevei, Shaughnessy has long maintained that the success ef fhe model “T ’ depends upon the mateiial at hand So the offense ts adapited to the playeis available and the men are not made to fit into a system a size too big or too small That in the end will be the reason afiecting Burnham’s decision If he continues to use the «hoit punt formation it will be becauae his squad of 90 fits into that system Scrimmage And Fundamentals For Entire Squad On Wednesdaj and Thursday ol last week Buinliam and his assistants directed a sciimmage and eveiy membei of the squad took part rn the body contict work toi a while The sciimmage however lasted only h shoit while for each eleren and none of the men dragged themselves with head bent fiom the practice field ^ Time w IS also given over to punting passing blocking and tackling fundamentals and the rehearsal of plays
'A *4/
I
is just
I’m so glad that he is taking me THERE for dinner. Quality Food in a Favored Atmosphere second floor in JhSL fiWlduUL WmuoimjL The Corner of the Campus— I Yet the Center of Activities
I don’t need to walk to keep in shape. I’ll take a YEILOW CAB Call 5D23 nr 3071
Claude Reeck
mentor of the Boilertnal^ wrestling squad thut has son run up a very remarkhbk ord for itself Records that grappters have-hung up this include the Midwest AAU dkiUMplonship for the sgcond consegt^flt >ear, a season of eight dual blotched only once with a dtifilliti and as a final peak, his tCaip t^t night added the Big Ten wrestl^ig championship no ^heir alreadyui)4^-«. etable record, at the conf^reietCe uresthng matches held at „.,4, iKi,i,t., IM Schedules ' MONDAY MARCH lb l94a|L BASKETBALL
Co irt 3
00—Do\tr House v;, Westminster'HpuSe 15—Click Pines \s Owen 8 00 Marwoo ( \s Luma v *" 8 lo Warl i vs Warel 32 rile follow Ilk teams are to rePQld Bietminten at 4 o clock on Monday IPH™?
lb 1 )4
Ph b „ma Kappa Phi Kappa Psi Theta Che b e.n a Alpha Mu L imbda Ghi AlPha bn,mii Phi Epsilon Kapi i D Ita Rho Theta Xi
I riant, I
Iheta Tau Alpha Chi Rho Delti Cbi K ippa Si„ina b t,n a Alpha Epsilon
#•6^ ■
\
Charles N. Atas^r graduate ui \eionauticad^l -.uiceimg enlisted loi flight mg with the United States A\i ition leseive. yesterday Bfe?] upoit soon foi pitmany trainfi^i tlu United States Naval an base at Glenview, a membei ot Phi Kappa frPurdue Exponent
\ ' M '■*'
Sunday, March IS, 1942
i J
Merry-Go-Round...
{Continued fiom pape 2) Anlj wa\ tho'll pel justice is foi Conpress to pass lepislation ” ■“I know somethinp about whit tlie fimei wants,” leplicd WicUaid tjuietiv "I’m one nnstif Tho pi eat majontv of Ameiican faimcis aie satisfied W'lth oui piopiam and thet aie smalt onouph to see the daiipei '• to themselves and the nation in thi'~ so palled paiit\ pi ice lepislation “If Conpross pisses such a hill liothinp can stop wild iineoiilioiled inflilioii Aftei i while the bottom will (hop out and the conntij will plui pe into aiiothei depiession woise than the last Faimeis will he without a maiket and thousands of faim laboieis luiecl to (.it\ factoiics b\ piospeiiti wapes will be diivcn to the souplines Note Aftei Wickaid left Demociatic Repiesc ntatn e OiMlle Zim meiman ol AIissouii lemiikcd to stvcial of his GOP colleapnes still in the committee loom ‘ Ht’s ah solutely iipht and it s time vou fel lows pot wise to \oniscl\ts and it alized it ’ Townsend On Pensions One of the hottest phillipics apainst the new lepealecl ‘pensions foi Conpiess’ was uncoiktd bv Di Fiancis E Townsend in i kttoi to the Picsident Riled In the letiisal of Conpiess to tonsiciti his old ape pension scheme Townsend leallv ])Ouied it on ‘'1 he recent act of conpi essmen in \otinp Ihemsehes a ven liber.!! pension is, in mv opinion ” said Townsend ‘the most con lemptuous callous and sordid piece of pork barrelinp Itpisl ition it has ever been m> lot to tn eouiifer ” Howcvei the old ape pension czai left out of his lettei the Jact that less than ifeai apo Townsend was one ol the foiemost ch impious of conpiLSsional pensions—and lili c i al ones it th it In an editoiial published in the Townsend Weekly Apiil 26 1041 the pension m icstio declaied “Fcai th it finanei il secuiitv can not be had in piililie office keeps manv ol oui best eiti/ens out ol of lice Can we eliminite leai fiom oui lives ol OUI public seivants'^ I Jiclicve we can And I would ei idi c.ite It in the s line w i\ I would (ladicate feai fiom the lives ol ill of ns—Ihioupli pensions let us hue i f (nstitiition il iiiicndnunt th it will 1 iiptiun the Uins ol o/lice of OUI ( onpi Lssiiiei 1o luiii \ I 11 s in te id i 1 l\ ) iiul
Symphony Will... (( oiitimied fiom pipe 1) wlieie he scived loi 1 lliiec veai pel lod Sevitzlcv seived iiiidei the Soviet legimc foi the ne\t live vcais tii cumstinces loicod him to flee to Poland and aftei i vcii in Wai SUV he sailed foi the TJnitcd St ites Aftei a tom of South Amenta Se vitzl V loiiitd the Philadelphia Oi ehestia Diiiinp his stay in Phila dtlpliii he oipiiii/(d the hist pti maiient stiiiip oicheslia in the woild—the Philidelphia Chuiibei Stiiiip Simfoniettc In 1920 Sevit/ky lesipntd tiom the Philadelphia Oichestia and be p in to devote his cntiie time to con ducting In Novtmbei 1916 Se vitzkj mack his hist appeal ante as guest conductoi of the Indianapolis Svmphoiij Oichestia This icsulted in his engagement as peimaiient eonductoi ol the Oichcstra he still Ic ids Membeis Number 86 The oichestia is made up of 86 memhcis almost all ol whom aie Lindei j6 veais of age Seventy thice of the musicians weie boin in this countiv ind all but one of the lemaining twelve aie Ameiiean cit i/ens 1 hat one has i eeeivcd his fii st papci s The oichestia is maintained and opeiated bv the Indiana State Symjihoiiv Societv Now in its fifth sea son the oiganization has bioadeast ovei the thiee ma]oi networks and has mule RCA Victoi Red Seal lecoids This jeai the oi chcstia will Iilay 111 nine Indiana cities besides Indianapolis and in fifteen cities outside Indiana Passports Recjuitcd Passpoits and season tickets will be honoied toi the evening convota tion and single tickets m ij be pin chased at the eashiei t. oiliee in the Music flail foi '(il 10 Theie will he no advance s ile of tickets Dooi s of the Music Hall will oiien at 6 46 p m
WBAA
0 4610 0010 6010 6611 0011 60 11 55 12 0012 10 12 661 001 161 '101 451 562 002 162 302 462 56- , 001 16e 10-
5 564 004 304 454 60 1 556 005 306 45-
0 9 66 10 06
Mondaj, Maich 16 -New s -“Nows Wilting” with Pi of J H McKee -WBAA Piesents -Nows -‘Woild ITistoiv Since 1914” with Plot Flank Hall Pnidue News News -Agi leiiltui il Foi iiin -Meet the B iiid News ■ Light (■'lassies Foods Facts, Fancies -Indiana Bettei Tlomcs -Mai kets -N cw s -Stoi j a Dat -Radio Camel a Club -Safety Piogi im -Music ’ -News -Maiy Louise Reppeit—pi anist -Afternoon Melodies -Oigan Moods—West Lala\ etfe High School Speech Senes -News -Tea Time Tunes -Bettt Wedge -Ihe Cuiio Man -Music -News -Just Rela ^ -■Vcspci t> -Little Miss Miitlell -Nows —Dinnei IIoui -Spoits Review -Music -New s -Soenil Sc (III ity -3M s -rieanoi Slopesma -Indianapolis Symphony Oi ehesti i -MLisK in I New s -Ol I the All
Personnel Consists... (Continuecl fiom page 1) fiist papers No Aliens “It IS inteiesting to note,” said Dt Sevitzky in discussing his playeis, “that the most foieign-sounding names usually belong to native-born Americans Giuseppe Salvatore Sciacchitano and Frank Fiatarone were born in Chicago, Peter Mercurio in Rochester, and William Nowinski in New York City The Indianapolis symphony boasts One of the youngest conceit masters in the countiy in Leon Zawisza, who lb 26, and has seived in his picsent capacity for foui yeais Orchestia Twins Many ol the oiehcstia’s patrons in then fiist visit to a peiformance have been convinced that they were seeing double because of the Seigel twins, Harry and Ray, in the string bass section The stocky cuily headed boys have always worked to gether and they are, fortunately they say, of equal ability The Indianapolis symphony, is suppoited by an Indiana Women’s auxiliary ol appioxinrately 3 000 which is growing in size each yeai Fiatei nity men and women smoke moie than 2 600 000 eigaiets an nually
Notices
Rcnmcr Club MectinK Tuesday Maicb 17 Convo niirain Mcctinir in loom 304 of the Union at 7 15 pm RUFFNCR Condition Examinationa Exams in AM 21 and AM 22 will bo pfiven in room 110 Hcnvilon Hall on Satuidny March 28 from 1 to 4 Pcimits may bo obtained in tht mam office ( f Ilcavilon Hall —POORMAN Alpha thi Omcffa Mcetinp: Tuesday Maicli 1 at 7 WJ in loom 307 of the Union —KUCK
Student Union Workers Mectinff of the Puttering Shop committee in loom 306 of the Union on Mond iv Maieh 10 at 4 15 L Havener B Bishop LeO Barlwt Jeon Yost T( inne Fountaine John Caitnoll Al S(hoclt», Dick Tannchill Kntie Gannon Bill Purman Dive Rodjrcis Sonny Spiij^s ind Bob Burns REEVES
Water Ballet CroupH Piaetiee Mondiiv Much II at J p m in the Womens Pool 1 \erybodv is expected t) be there KRAFPLIIFN
Triton Club Ri^iilu meeting: Tuesday Much 17 It JO ) m in the Women h Pool Pkdt.es biinir *^0 cents, lor emblems KRAI PFI IFN
Scrivener Mictine &i i day March 11 il 10 p m in Kom 2(3 ol the Union HOSTED Union Workers Meetint, of C imera Club ( immittee Monday Maich 1( at 1 15 p m n i om 10*^ (1 the Union M Guthiie J I lamt>Tn G McMvlci F Biooks F Bulk et B Burns B Kennedy F Snyder M lively I Himmel P Mulki R Holden B Hutchins HOFFFR Fralernily Affiirs Office Sophomoio po I ti ns wi)) be d a Much 1 Intel views will folhw on and iltci d ite PI ARSON Union Workers McctinR of leas an 1 It cel tuns Commilt e Me n hv Math 1( it { 1 p m in the Union olfice F Mai tin M K Gee W Hillei M B wU> J 1 it,us()n C Snvdei M D miiec I Smith J 1 J Be u h u D C i e J, in I) blu e
maker G Stevenson W Hazdrd and D
PiasB
—HAYNES Pi Tuu Sierma Plcdflrcs Mcctirur in Read* inir Room of the ME buildinjr Tuesday March 17 at 4 p m r —HENDERSON Tea Dance Committee Mcetinp in Union office at 4 15 p ip Monday Match 1(> Everybody please attend - DUESTER Ettt Kappa Nu Meotinp for election of pltdfcevs on luesday March l7 at 7 30 in the Union FOUTHMAYD
AWS rheic will be a meetlnp of Inde pendent House Piesieknta Council Mon day Mauh U at 4 in the AWS oflice MIISCJIF
Rallet The following pills report to the pym for ballet piaetiee Monday March 16 at 4 B Hainson M Price M Rosenerans J Stamm M Click S M Johnson M S Tohnson M Giavob W I Palmei P Hen dneks T Blown M Fie ipci —BFMIS Christian Science Orpamzution Ihcte will be i tree kctuie on Christian Sciente iiy Eli/alieth MaeAithui Thomsen at 8 p m luesday March 1" in loom 355 ol the Un 11 n Thii( \m11 be no lepulii mectinp I OCKWOOD Alpha 7ela Pledpts And Actives B inquct due chunj^ed to lliursday Maich 2b in room 103 of Union beciuse of late conflict on Univeisity Cakndai Pkdpo tosth ind initiition will be Wednesday Maich 2r Pkekes eontict Diesslm lei national and loci) constitutions SWAIM WAA Bascbill practice begins Morulay Maich K) Piucticcs will be hold cveiy Mon day Wcelnc'diy andj[’*<biy Jhiee prae ticcs reeiuiied foi intrnmuiul —COOPER Ida Impoitant mcotinp Tucsdiy Match 1 in loom 261 of Union it 7 10 p m
—FEl
Gimlet Actives and PkdpeS Theic will be i elinnei moetina at the Phi Psi house Tiles eiav M ei ( h U at ( p m - JOHNSON Tau Beta Pi Plcelpcs Mcetinp tor pledf^e penod truinmir insti action in loom 301 of Union at 4 K pm Tucsdiy Maieh I” At t ndaiitr temiuls ly SHANE
Poultry Science Club- Prpfcsaor James, ombiyoloiflst will speak at 7 80 p m Thurs(liiy March 19 in room 212 In the Union, Open meetinir —WILBUR Debris Photoitrnphy Staff Sophomores anel Juniors please come to Room 89, Tuesday, March 18 n( <1 p m —WALKER DIstlnBulfllicil studonts’ Rofimda are now available at the enshiei’s olfice In the Executive HuilelinB —HOI LENSBE Sophomore Aero’s All applications for BS Aero I nar eleinei. must be on flip in room 210 ML hiiililinii: not later than Muieli 1(1 ill olrlir to he eonsidered
—WOOD
Advaneed Course Military htiidents; Lt Colonel White will talk on the Pacifle situation luesday March 17 at 4 p m In loom 207 of the Mechiitueal EiiKiiieerlnif lunldiriB All ndvaneid eouise students are* urired to attend SULI IVAN Senior Cadet Officers Sian up Imraeillslely on advanced louuie bulletin houid for appointments to have pietuies tnkeui
JOlINbON
Asrieullurist Exticmcly important meetinti of the Elcctoial Board Monday Maich 1( at 1 p m in loom 117 ot Agf Hall Im-e poiutivc that all departmental editoii. and senior slafl inemluis attend Mlieh is to he> done Tliosi nimble to attend call Snydei at 8107 —SNYDER Viritmla C Meredith Club There will he a nuetmit u 1 pm Monday, Mareh 10 Id the Home Eeonomics auditolium Miss Glaik will speak on Pood Pioblcpis in War Alt members ire asked to Ije there Refreshments will hi scived —BLANK P O M M There wtll bp a baneiijet on Thursday Mareh 19 at (i pm, in'the East 1 acuity lounge liefUegs may be obtained horn P O M M offleeiB until nVmit, Wldncsiliiy Maieh IS foi (ifi eenta GREfRATH Fraternity Affairs Office Sophomore petitions will be due Tuesday Marjlti 17 lateiview will follow it a later date —PEARSON
(eres Plidecs llilhlin IS s >n
VV itii 1 l( r Cm 1 (SSll l< \vi AI irriis
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Qualify BAKERY
give both congicssincn cinel scnitois libeial pensions ittci they have SCI V cel two Ici ms I suggest it would be inbniUlv chcnpii toi us to do so thin to dcpnvc ouiscdvcs of the ablest talent in the land because oi a leal that sei ving m iv me in staiv in„ altei the seiviee is ^ivin “Vl'e IK pensioning oai civil seiviee emiihivees, oui Ai my and Nivv nun oui Snpieme (mill pid^es It IS only pisl lb il we ofiel hhei il |)( Msioiis (o iiiii (oiii less me 11 iiid eii itoi
Di lowell Kelly diioetoi ot the psjehologie il ehiiic at the Univei sitj will discuss “Is Youi Home l''moLioinIlv Bomb Pionl"^’ lomni low ifteinoon at 1 JO
Wunful
I till ti
mo stenokr iplirr
and
geiurul 0
ITict asHist ml
Ptirilut* 1
ink
ground prtftrrid imiuiU Box No 1
Apply
by IrHrr
r X
Mimtoffr iphing —
tnd
iMini, 1
1 (1
Ini'- St 1 HI St
is Mil
mil)
SdVK 1
N
1 ypt wrH<
rn All
1, M
III ill
n I
H III 1
1 1 1
ifid
11(1 1
M 1
1,1 i| h \u 11
1 111 (
111
it M 1 II
M iin
1 1 IV II
h 1 2
)
I list 111
wn sti ]
(d i\
(I hull i
t
n in Al m
>1 y 1 h nsd 5
I h 11 ' J
— .
-
- -
—
-
Ameiieui liiteinities hive lieen spending 'fil 600 OOO loi 200 Ve il ly conventions
GOOD PRINTING at PAINLESS PRICES More Style for Lest Money Kane's Prinf Shop 401 S 29th St Phone 5:
Goody's Fine Shoes Goodwin's Shoe Store In The Vilhge 302 Sfite
FINE BAR GRILL Parties — Our Speicalty 200 Columbn
It Brings Out the Newness in my Clothes! V Th<‘ newness ol yoiir elolhes can lie restored by removing th(‘ Grim and Dirt with Crown (Jt'aning. BE BOITII.AR — USE (ROWN (TJ-AINUNG KEGUIAREY 0ROIVN immwi
Top of the Hill
Soufhworlh’s
37th ANMIVEESHRY SALE MOW IM FULL SWIMG!
Discounts from 10% up on all school supplies. Take advantage of this opportunity to stock up on your future School needs at these reduced prices!
TAKE A LOOK AT THE VALUES TO BE FOUND- • IN COSTUME JE'WELRY —COMPACTS. PURSES —from 10 to 50% Discount • ,IN ANKLE SOX —40% Discount • IN THE SPECIAL TABLES OF SLIGHTLY HURT BOOKS — i ^ Fiction — Non-Fiction, Etc. — All at from 10 to 50% Discount • IN THE GIFT STORE DOWNSTAIRS — Discounts Up to 50% CHECK UP on Your Future Gift Needs STOCK UP on Gifts Now at These Greatly Reduced Prices
’ PURDUE BOCK &{IPPIV STORE
308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE INQ
^aiJtsVi, CdilL Soon, £c, 3{liAiL^ And ils approacii heralds Ihe season of brighl spring fashions. rhe Exponent and its ad- ^ vertisers are ft^aturing a review of thest; styles IhroiighonI Ihis week. Look il anel scicci your Spring W.ir<lrol><» in Iho Sliojus of Jlio l6XPONf:m’ ADVEMl'ISERS r
Soulhworlh’s