• the Purdue Exponent
SUNDAY Febraaty 6, 1938 Lafayette, Indiana VOL. 49 No. 104
Boilermakers Down Indiana, 38-36
Illinois Exams Cause Cancellation Of Banquet With "P" Men's Club Tomorrow After making extensive plans for a''banquet and smoker with the Illinois lettermen’s club as guests of the local “P” Men Club preceding the Illinois game tomorrow night, word was received here yesterday that due to the mid-semester vacation now in progress at the Champaign school, it would not be possible for the Illinois club to have adequate representation to make such an affair worth while. ' -
Consequently the banquet, that was to have been held in the reception room of the Union Building, has been called off. The general idea behind the movement was to insure a better attitude among the fans from the two schools aii to-
morrow night’s game.
Don Powell, president of the “P” Men Club, in a statement last night said, “I hope that the Purdue fans realize that a serious situation may develop if the crowd does not maintain the proper sportsmanship attitude. Although our dinner has been called off, I am sure that every ‘P’ man will do all in his power to see that nothing results from the game which will discredit the name of Purdue.”
The Week’s NEWS
National
Three plus four equalled zero for naval airmen Thursday after two giant bombers—the 11-P3 and 11-P4—collided in mid-air off the coast of San Pedro, California. Called the worst plane disaster in American naval history, this fafest crack-up killed eleven men.
Erratic weather this week gave the Middle West tastes of blizzardly winter and balmy spring. Mr. Groundhog saw no shadow Wednesday. Almost immediately the mercury began an upward climb that ■Was to be good for 20
degrees.
ice-crushed Honeymoon Bridge will not be salvaged. Wreckers began Wednesday the task of sinking into Niagara River its 2,600 tons of twisted steel.
“Indiana brides and grooms should have private physical examinations before marriage!” reccommends H o o s i ^ r Governor Townsend. “You’re absolutely right,” echoed his Marriage Law committee of 60 Wednesday. So in 1939, Indiana legislators will vote on the question. Foreign Anxiety caused the United States to demand this week that the Japanese say whether she is building super-battleships or not, just as it induced President Roosevelt to demand an $800,000,000 naval expansion program. Foreign powers claim the Japs are building 43,000 ton warships. France and England also sent notes to the Nipponese to learn the truth.
- Nazi War Minister von Blomberg’s ■wife, a carpenter’s daughter, smashe4 the German cabinet early this-, week. Pollo'wing von Blomberg’s resignation, forced because he married below his social station, Dictator Hitler assumed (Continued on page 3)
Co-eds Model Tomorrow For Textile Institute Any co-ed wishing to model tomorrow for the Cotton Textile Institute, Inc., should see Miss Amy Howe some time tomorrow morning. The exhibition is to be held^in the Home Economics auditorium at 3:30 p. m. All women students and staff members are invited to attend. Cotton, summer, and resort clothes are to be modeled by the co-eds.
WRHs Open From 3To5l>.M.Ia(by Open house for all students and faculty members "will be held at the Women’s Residence Halls this afternoon from three to five. For the first time since the completion of North Hall last September, the two halls will be open to the general University group. The annual tea has been held the last three years m the original building. South Hall. Special invitations which have been sent to faculty members have requested that half go to North Hall entrance first, half to the South. The 226 freshmen and upperclass women who live in the halls ■will act as ushers and hostesses for guests. Miss Helen B. Schleman, director of the halls; Miss Naomi McGuire, dietician; Miss Rush Connolly, head resident, and Miss Hilda Schwehn will act as head hostesses. In the South Hall, Martha Brown will act as general chairman, with Geraldine Buhrke, Mary Sawyer, Evelyn Schuber, and Carolyn Singer acting on the committee of the hostesses and guides. Those on the dinner committee as chairmen include Myra McKee, Catherine O’Leary, and Jacquelyn Nichelson. For the North Hall the general chairman will be Augusta Hite, with Joan LeBouf and Ruth Pow ell acting as chairman of the hostesses and guides. Thelma Bugher and Marjorie Buck will be the chairmen of the dinner committees.
St. John’s Episcopal: Early communion service at 8 a. m., with the morning worship ser'vice and communion at 10:45. Young People’s Fellowship supper at 6 p. m., with elections of officers at 7 p. m. First Christian: Professor Sears of the University history department, ■will address the student class at 9:30 a. m. The topic of the sfermon for the morning service at l0:40 will be “Dangerous Ways Of Meeting Our Difficulties.” TSai Chao ■will speak at the Young People’s meeting at 6:30 p. m. on the subject, “American And Chinese Student Attitudes On Religion.” Central Presbyterian: Church school at 9:30 a.m. ■with Rev. Findley leading the morning worship service at 10:45 ■with the sermon, “The Christs We Follow.” Sunday
Evening Club will have their supper at 6 p. m. with a program following the supper. First Methodist: Church school at 9:30 a. m. with the worship service at 10:40, sermon by Rev. Steele on “The Infinite Love.” Fellowship hour and supper at the Wesley Foundation house at 6 p. m. Prof. Frank Hall will speak on “War Marches On” at the University Epworth League meeting at 6:30 p. m. WWst Lafayette Baptist r Church school at 9:30 a. m. with the worship service at 10:36, the sermon by—Rev. Gleason, “Our Bible.” Roger Williams social hour at 6:30 p. m. and at 6:30 the discussion hour directed by the pastor on the subject, “Preparation For Marriage.”
Baskets In Last Minutes Of Play Saves Purdue After Trailing-Most Of Game Displaying a magnificent last half rally, the Boilermaker net squad, inspired by Pat “Jumpy" Malaska, and led by the spleodid offensive play of Gene Anderson and Jewell Young, came through in the final minutes of a hard fought game to win from the fighting Hoosiers by the narrow margin of
38-36.
Second Semester Rush Opens Today Open rush for 28 co-eds by seven Greek letter sororities and one local sorority will open this noon. “Informality is the keynote of second semester rush,” said Mary Gene Jarrett, president of Women’s Pan-Hellenic Council, as she totaled names at the close of the registration period yesterday aft-
ernoon.
“Girls may register and pay fees any time up till noon today,” emphasized Miss Jarrett. “After rush starts, the council will not permit registration. I must be able to get names of all girls entering rush to the seven sorority rush
captains.”
Rush, which "will continue until next Saturday, is othei'wise unrestricted by the Pan-Hellenic Council. Pledging may take place at any time during the week, and entertainments may be whatever sororities desire. Costs, time, or places are not restricted. Miss Jarrett explained. Laura Lorenson To
Ledure
Tuesday
Laura Lorenson, a lecturer and writer on the decorative arts of New York City, will give an exhibition of Spode china, “store” china and earthenware at the Home Economics audi|orium at 7:30 Tuesday evening under the auspices of Virginia C. Meredith Club. There will also be a motion picture lecture and demonstration of the manufacture of china. Miss Lorenson, who has ■written about Spode china for several magazines, will tell of her visit to the pottery founded by Josiah Spode, at Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire, England. Thp motion picture taken there shows tlje manufacture of pottery from the mixing of the materials through molding, glazing, and various processes of decorating, and firing J:o packing.Clays, molds, and samples of both china and earthenware at various stages of completion will be displayed.
Trailing throughout the entire game, the Boilermakers showed the affects of their long two weeks lay-off and the outcome of the game was definitely unpredictable until the final gun sounded. The Crimson squad was in brilliant form and persistently broke up the Purdue under-the-basket offensive. Purdue Takes Lead Key men on the Crimson offensive was husky Gene Andres, who dribbled through the entire Purdue team to score four field goals and three fouls. Andres’ offensive drives, together with Platt’s snip-* ing from far out in the field, kept the Indiana squad in the lead until the final five minutes of play. The Boilermakers were in the lead, 34-32, with four minutes to go when Huffman shot from far out in the field to tie the score. As the crowd rose in a howling frenzy, Anderson intercepted a pass, dribbled down through the center and brought the Boilermakers into the lead"with a right handed hook shot. Johnson matched the play, and the score was again tied at 34-
all.
With one minute left to play, Pat Malaska took the ball and from far back in the field arched a beautiful long shot into the net to win the game for the Boilermakers. Summaries
Purdue (38)
B.
F.
P.
Young, f
4
4
3
Fisher, f
0
2
0
Sines, f
1
0
0
Anderson, c
7
0
0
Dickinson, g . ..
....0
0
0
Malaska, g
2
2
0
Yeager, g
0
0
0
Beretta, g
-Q
2
2
Totals
14
10
5
Indiana (36)
B.
F.
P.
Johnson, f
3
2
2
Platt, f
4
0
2
Ooley, f
1
1
0
Andres, c
4
3
2
Huffman, g
3
0
2
McCreary, g
-.,....0
0
3
Totals
15
6
11
BOOK EXCHANGE
The book exchange will remain open from 4 to 6 p. m. tomorrow in room F of the Union Building.THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday, February 6, 1938
Lafayette Town Club Downs Squash Team, 4-3 With the score see-sawing back and ^forth throughout the afternoon/ the squash match between the varsity and the Lafayette Town Club ended in a 4-3 victory for the Town Club. Wakefield, of the varsity, started the afternoon’s matches with a 3-0 win over Finfield. The score was evened up in the next match when Karr de-
feated Blitz. .3-1 Juve nipped Tzucker in a close match giving the varsity a onematch lead. Linn defeated Fields for the last varsity win of the afternoon. Knoll took Eberhard in three straight, Brunton won from Munro to even the meet. Chief Clevett, playing for the Town Club, won in a very close contest over Sokolowski, to give the Town Club its deciding win.
Violin Instructions ENROLL Thursday, Feb. 10th Allen Dance Studio PHONE 2150 NATHAN FRANCINI INSTRUCTOR Eminent European Violinist Ask About Our Free Lessons
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Weiss Will Speak At ASME Meeting Link-Belt company employer C. R. Weiss of Indianapolis will talk on “Chain Drives and Their Relation To Conveying Problems” next Wednesday evening at 7 p. m. in i'oom 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building, under the auspices of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers. Because the chain drive is a vital part of many present machines, ASME officials assert that the meeting, first of the semester,' will be interesting and profitable
SOCIAL DANCING CLASSES Dancing is one of the most important social requirements ADULT BEGINNERS’ CLASS OPENS WED., FEB. 16, 7:30 p. m. To Experienced Dancers ENROLL IN OUR NEW ADVANCED CLASS FRIDAY, FEB. 18
ALLEN’S
Sixth Ferry Call or Phone 2150
to engineering students. The talk will be illustrated by lantern slides. Erode To Relate Eclipse At AChS-Sigma Xi Meeting Thursday Dr. Wallace R. Brode, associate professor of organic chemistry at Ohio State University, will discuss “The Eclipse Of The Sun In Siberia;” at a joint meeting of the American Chemical Society and Sigma Xi, physics honorary, on Thursday evening at 7:30 o’clock in room 129 of the Electrical En-
gineering Building. Dr. Brode will illustrate his talk with motion pictures which he took while he was in Siberia with the Harvard-M. 1. T. expedition. A dinner in honor of Dr. Brode will »be held at 6 p. m. in the Memorial Union Building, preceding his lecture. The lecture will be open to the public, but dinner reservations should be made with Dr. C. L. Shrewsbury before Wednesday.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
//^HER MOST HILARIOUS JOYFUL SHOW! SHE RAZZLES WITH wowm NEWmSEmCKS SHE'S THE TO/iSTOF THE TOWN ■''h
'^Edmund Lowe CHARLES BUHERWORTH • CHARLES WINNINGER WALTER CATLETT* LLOYD NOLAN • HERMAN BING ,CHESTER CONKLIN '•'ini LOUIS ARMSTRONG SHE DAZZLES WITH JEWELS AND GOWNS BY THE WORLD FAMOUS SCHIAPARELLI /
STARTS TODAY^ Sunday. February 6. 1938
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Hetzel To Demonstrate Freak Basketball Shots At Game Tomorrow Wilfred Hetzel, nationally famous fancy shot artist,' will give an exhibition demonstration of his remarkable skill in making freak basketball shots, between halves
of the Purdue-Illinois game here tomorrow night. Uncanny ability, coupled with unorthodox methods, have made Helzel’s demonstrations famous, and he has newspaper clippings to back his claims. Some of the shots he will demonstrate will include those made by lying on his back and sitting on the floor.
NOW SHOWING —IT’S FIRST RUN— When m gist ta Aalil ni««t8 a la doubt wd Elii ill mi iin iiriiii
The ^ereen^e seraph ^plest eweethearis' land halt ef HellyA Iweod'abeaicemlealn] a radiant romance rocking with laughtorl
with
VICTOR MOORI^ HELEN BROOERICIfi PARKYAKARKyS BILLYICILBERI
The Week’s NEWS
(Continued from page 1) direct control of all armed German forces.
Spanish Rebels early this week sank two British ships, causing the loss of 10 lives. Great Britain immediately concentrated 40 ships in Spanish waters. The submarine which torpedoed one of the boats was an Italian gift to the rebels. Business Indiana breweries will find “Keep Out” signs staring them in the face in Michigan ... if a recent act banning importation of Indiana beer into that state withstands forthcoming court trials. One court consisting of three federal judges this week upheld the act which will put an end to a market amounting to 150,000 barrels of beer a year at the present time. The Indiana Brewers’ Association indicates it will fight the act by taking an appeal to the U. S. Supreme Court or by testing the act in a lower court in a different type of suit. Michigan is placing the ban on 10 states which it claims discriminate against Michigan beer.
Two days earlier Attorney General Cummings announced in a press conference that 24 major oil companies would be tried next fall on further charges of anti-trust law violations. It was stated by other govern-
" .. ' mini Squad Will Meet Boilermakers Here Tomorrow Night Handicapped by the loss of their two best players, Boudreau and Dehner, the Illinois net squad will face the Boilermakers here tomorrow night in the second game between the two schools this year.
In their initial encounter at Champaign on January 11, the Boilermakers suffered their only defeat of the current season when the mini out-roughed them in a hard fought game to win by a
score of 51-43.
mini Fans
Athletic contests between the two schools in the past have shown an intense rivalry, and in spite of the ineligibility of their two stars the mini fans are expected to be well represented when their squad makes its appearance on the new fieldhouse floor. No change is expected in the Boilermaker lineup with Sines, Young, Fisher, Anderson, Malaska, Dickinson and Yeager all due to see considerable action in the contest. Coach Doug Mills is still searching for a new lineup and the starting lineup will probably be chosen from Hapac, Nisbet, Lasater, Handlon, Davies or Frank.
mental officials that the government would present “even a stronger case” than in a previous trial at Madison, Wis., in December, 1936. At that time many of the major oil concerns were found guilty of fixing gasoline prices in
the Midwest.
Business Week magazine this week shows the extent to which business fell off in the last six months of last year. In the first half of the year an increase of 10 per cent in the index of business activity as compared to a corresponding period of 1936 was shown. At the end of last year the gain had been reduced to 1 per
cent.
News of more optomistic nature was released by the American Iron and Steel Institute. According to the Institute report steel pay rolls and employment rose to the highest level in the history of the industry.
War
American saved face in the Orient Monday, when it accepted the apologies of Japan for the slapping of Third Secretary to the U. S. Embassy John M. Allison. He was accompanying a Chinese woman to identify three alleged Japanese soldier-rapists. The woman was allowed to enter the building where the soldiers were quartered, Allison was not. When he tried to force his way after her, the Nipponese sentry became livid with rage, slapped his face. No
Say Fellow! You can save time if you ride a cab. And you can always get a Yellow Cab promptly. Ride the Yellow Cab way and you will always be on time. This prompt, courteous service can now be had at reduced rates. 20c first passenger and lOc for each additional 3071 YELLOW CAB 5023
one knows woman.
what became of the
Another Chinesd woman had more success in her revenge on Japan. Embittered because all her relatives had l^een killed at the hands of the Nipponese invaders, Mrs. Kuo Liang-Fen, Hsuangcheng war refugee, pretended to kiss a Jap infantryman, bit off his nose and ear, watched him bleed to death.
Still optimistic China said, “Our men will fight like tigers,” as it ushered in Wuying, the tiger year, Monday. That same year, however, governs the Japanese calendar.
Spanish rebels spent the week destroying cities with airplane bombs and artillery fire. Two air raids Monday killed 350 and wounded 700 in Barcelona, loyalist seat of government. The following day, residents of the city cleaning up the debris found the bodies of 100 children in the ruins of a nursery. Washington Would-be home owners may obtain government aid! Builders need only $600 (10 per cent) in cash to build a $6,000 home; local banks, secured by government mortgage insurance, supply the other $5,400 at no more than 5 per cent interest. This, in brief, is the meat of the new housing bill which President Roosevelt signed Thursday night —the first major congressional enactment of the session.
America’s rural population will not have to wait much longer to see the features of the 1938 agricultural program. A senate-house committee has completed the final' draft of crop control legislation and it is promised quick ratification.THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday. Febraory 6. 1938
TYPEWRITERS —Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Eber-
shoff, 606 Main street. <
LOST: Hamiltornwrist watch in Union Saturday evening, Finder call 56304. Reward.
FOR RENT: Nice large light rooms, continuous hot water, good heat, nice location on car line. 100 South St.
Attention Students! Buy Your Drawing Equipment at SEARS ALL OP THIS EQUIPMENT MEETS THE UNIVERSITY REQUIREMENTS
Approved DRAWING BOARDS 20" X 26" 98c
“T” SQUARE 24" Celluloid Lined $1.19
DRAWING SETS POSTS PRIMO No. 630 GERMAN SILVER 14 PIECES
‘22
.95
SLIDE RULE POSTS No. 1446 Instructions and Fabricoid Case Included
$1 .29
Keco Drawing Ink 25c Venus Drawing Pencils 9c Scotch Drafting Tape 25c Posts Erasing Shields 15c 10 " 30°-60° Celluloid Triangle 59c No. 6 Irregular Curve 39c 5" 45° Style “A” Braddock Lettering Triangle 89c Thumb Tacks (Box of 100) 13c Pink Pearl Eraser 5c Triangular Scale Purdue Special No. 2 65c Universal Slide Rule (Special Log Log Type) Frederick Posts with Leather Case $10.95
COVERALLS
LAUNDRY BAGS
Blue and Hickory
Brown Canvas
Stripe
Complete
$1.89
$1.10
Lafayette, Ind.
Phone 4030
FOR RENT: Student room, priX ate entrance, continuous hot watt>r. 118 South GranL phone 51302
BOARD: Have board for students. Home cooking, very reasonable. A call Will convince you Phone 66823.
FOR RENT: One single and double rooms. 209 Vine, phone 3210.
WANTED: Two guitar players for steady job six nights a week. Call Belfield, 2401.
Plarshop Costame Committee: Please meet in the Memorial Union Building at 4 p. m. February 7. Ask for room at east desk. —McCOOL. Zouaves: Meeting at 4 p. m. February 7 in-the Armory. —VANDERFOBD.
SAE: Important meeting Februa^ 7 at 4 p. m. in room 3 of the ME Building. —VANDEBFORD.
Reamer Club: Meeting February 8 in Memorial Union Building at 7 p. m. —ROSS.
Newman Club: Monthly communion and breakfast meeting at 9:30 mass February 6. —OTTENWELLER.
Scriveners: Important meeting February 6 at 7 p. m at 126 West Lutz. Bring manuscripts. —FELDMAN.
Gold And Black Fencers Defeat Channte Field Purdue defeated Chanute Field of Rontoul, Illinois, in a fencing meet yesterday afternoon at the fieldhouse by a score of 10 to 7. The meet was divided into foil, sabre, and epee. Each team was evenly divided as far as skill was concerned, and due to the style displayed by the individual fencers, points were hard to distinguish. Several times simultaneous touches were made, and the time element alone was the deciding factor. In the foil matches, Purdue’s team of Reynolds, McWilliams, and Hoffman, outpointed Richardson, Hudec, and Horrigan of Clfanute Field and took the lead by a score of 5 to 4. The sabre matches were evenly divided among Stepath, and Seabody of Purdue, and Woolen and Richardson of Chanute Field, each team winning two
matches, The most exciting and interesting exhibition of the afternoon was the epee bout which was taken
by Purdue, 3 to 1. Levin, Meir, and Matthews, repwsentifig Putdue, were opposed by Horrigan and Evans of Chanute Field,
• the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
Bookstores
“DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISt«ER
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student PROFESSIONia The Risk Dental Clitiic DR, PAUL A. RISK DR. BABOLD J. JU8K DR. ROBERT 6. RISK DR. LUTHER A. BISK 4th & Main Phone 5701 —“ Hardvmre —
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J.SPERBHDW. 822 MAIN
Dine
fUuhiii. DINE DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Lindbergh Road Locksmith F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths Automobile koy and lock aerrlce onr cpeeiaTb'. L. C, N, Door Closer DbtribntOre 208-211 N. 5th St, Phone 2828 Florist 4hJth J-kfdil Inc. 63S Main St. in Lana Theatre Bniidlng Phone 7955—8050 — Printing
□
P
RINTING
$Ui>DEN SERVICE
~'Oinee Stallenery. Wedding Invihilions
PHONE - 2 62 8 CASS£L‘S 408FERRY
— Beauty Studio ■*— • EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • Co-ed Special, Thurs. - Fri. KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO v662 Main Phone 7727
City Meat and Poultry Market Phone 5372 220 N. 3rd St. We Specialize in Fraternity Accounts Pete Moore - Abbott - Crone
• i