S/t7C4t i*iFO^
Volume 52, No. 83
West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, December 15, 1940
i
Christmas Season Opens Consul In Morocco
Protests Final Move
With All — Except Snow
' By John Amos
With the Journal and Courier fussing about only nine shopping days ’til Christmas, the Nickel Plate, the Pennsylvania, Big Four, I C and Greyhound offering special rates on round trip tickets, the top of the courthouse covered with colored lights and the deluge of tests, the Christmas season is here. The only missing sign is the snow, and who cares? Santa Claus doesn’t
ride in a sleigh anymore, anyhow. For the rush, the trains are of-
iering lower rates and more conveniences than ever before. For instance, one of the roads running east is promising the students the newest style of coaches and special dining cars (with sandwiches at 16 cents). Buses offer speed, few stops and convenience. Nobody Gets Homesick However, until five and a half days are over the University will see that no one gets too homesick. Christmas parties are daily occurances. The night before last two or three of the churches held parties, and last night the Christian Foundation had a party and roller skate combined. This afternoon the Exponent staff is celebrating while on Wednesday the musical organizations are planning a chili supper. As usual, the less fortunate children of the city will be entertained by the fraternities and sororities during the coming week. The child1 en will come over in the afternoon, play games with the students, eat dinner and usually receive presents from Santa Claus before they return home. Cary Cluli has planned a party for Thursday evening for the Cary Hall employes, and many other gioups will also entertain the people who work for them. Band Concert Today Then, there is the band concert this afternoon which gives the aveiage student a chance to hear the band play something besides the marches for military corps day and brief numbers at football games and pep sessions. The final large University function of the year 1940 is the religious convocation on Wednesday when the choirs. University orchestra and modern dance group Vill portray- the more serious meaning of Christmas. For many of the Greeks on the campus the week will end with a party by the freshmen for the upperclassmen. It will be given with true holiday spirit.
We Ask
. . . the apology of Richard Crowder for incorrectly stating that he IS the director of the Cary Hall glee club which was to sing at the University Club party tomorrow night. Bob Lowe is the director of the glee club. The Cary Club octet and not the glee club is going to sing at the party.
The Week^s War .4s Reviewed By A Foreign Editor By Carroll Binder (Foreign Editor of The Daily News ) These are paragraph excerpts from Carroll Binder’s review of the week’s war news.—News Editor. Mussolini hates the United States quite as much as does Hitler, so he probably needed no pressure to be induced to collaborate with the Nazi agents working in this hemisphere to poison the relations between the United States and the republics to the south. It takes money to finance totalitarian activities against the United States in Latin-Amer-ica and it is not always easy to make the money available to German and Italian agents. The totalitarians boast that they are not bound by “bourgeois ethics” in their campaign to destroy the “plutocracies.” They accordingly flagrantly violate the code previlously regulating diplomatic relations between nations. Under the code the pouches conveying the official papers of diplomats are not touched by the authorities of the countries through which they pass on the way to the home government. It is generally understood that these diplomatic pouches shall not be used for smuggling otherwise contraband matter. Totalitarian agents enjoying diplomatic status have been using these privileged pouches to carry contraband propaganda and instructions for subversive activities in many parts of the world. $2,000,000 Plot Bared This week The Daily News was advised by one of its correspondents in Europe that the $2,000,000 in American currency discovered by Mexican customs officials just over the United States border in the custody of two Italian diplomats claiming diplomatic immunity was for totalitarian subversive activities in Latin America. Certain American firms are reported to have sold Nazi agents the (Continued on page 4)
Pill Rollers Try For Comeback After Last Week's Kappa Defeat
By John Galloway Well, Doc Miller and his Pill Rollers are going to have one more try at it. After the defeat they suffered at the hands of the Kappas last week, Doc and his little men of the ten-pin alleys have decided to try and save their faces by vieing with the boys of Delta Upsilon. This latest conquest of the Pill Rollers will take place in the Union bowling alleys at 7:30 o’clock tonight. Both Teams Confident Both teams express firm confidence concerning a favorable outcome, and believe the other team fair competition but without a chance of winning. Doc Miller, who pilots the Pill Rollers, when asked about the match, said, “If the D U’s were wise they would back out now and save their faces.”
Besides Doc, the capsule throwers boast a team consisting of Bill Lucus, Fred Willis, Jim Fidler, and Ralph Stuckey. “Remember the Kappa’s” The D U’s, on the other hand, when asked about the affair, only smiled and reminded us of a recent Kappa victory. The Greeks are captained by Bob Henderson, who hopes to guide his team, consisting of Ted Hennis, Joe Starek, Bill Barnes and Don ‘Scratch’ Ward, to a decisive triumph. Captain Henderson stated that they had never rolled Doc’s team before, but that, “If the other four guys are like Doc, the Pill Rollers won’t have a chance.” Each man will roll three games, and the winnah will be the team with the highest number of total points.
By Spanish Troops Britishers Might Revoke New Spanish Foods Pact By Helen Kirkpatrick SPECIAL CABLE To Chicago Daily News Foieign Service. Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc. London, Dec. 14.—British Con-sul-General Gascoigne’s protest at Tangier against Spain’s arbitrary dissolution of the international administration will probably be followed by an official British government protest through Sir Samuel Hoare to the Spanish government. It cannot be excluded that the protest will carry a strong warning. Sir Samuel is British ambassador to Madrid. When the Spanish troops marched into the international zone, June 14, Great Britain and the United States both protested to Madrid. The British informed the Spanish government that they could not agree to unilateral repudiation of the Tangier statute, which was concluded in 1923, and would reserve the right to raise the question again after the war. Final Step Taken This is the third and final step taken by Spain to eliminate the neutral international character of this zone of Morocco. The second was taken Nov. 4, when Gen. Yuste, commanding the Spanish troops, issued a proclamation terminating the functions of the committee of (Continued on page 4)
piayshopEnds prom. Gala Week Voting
4-Night Run Of 'What A Life'
By Bob Hadley and Don Brophy Playshop’s final performance of Clifford Goldsmith’s farce, “What A Life,” climaxed an excellent fournight run of this fast-moving Broadway success. Sam Marks and his group of thespians greatly deserve the enthusiastic applause that greeted the final curtain at last night’s finale. Everyone Merits Praise Everyone connected with Playshop’s second production of the year, from the prop crew down to the bit performers, merits praise for the smoothness with which the opus was presented. Especially worth the laudits is the supporting cast which provided the perfect atmosphere of a small town high school. Hal Goodman as the effervescing, ungentlemanly Bill was outstanding among the supporting cast. Salmond Nearly Perfect Don Salmond as the principal of Central High turned in another nearly flawless performance, and Jo Stong made a very convincing, old-maid music instructress. Even the extras who watered the flowers in the principal’s office did a perfect job of “apple polishing.” The thorough improvement of Playshop over their fii-st fiasco was encouraging. The naturalness with which the players carried off the emotional scenes, as well as the comedy situations, gave the performance an air of professionalism.
Symphonic Band Plays
Will Present Yulefide
Program Features Cornet Selections By E. J. Mundorf Among the special features of the free Christmas concert to be given by the Univeisity Symphonic band this afternoon will. be a cornet trio playing Paul Henneberg’s “Triplets of the Finest.” Considered one of the finest in cornet selections, this modern concert polka glorifies the art of triple tonguing made famous by such world virtuosos as Arbuckle, Liberati and Levy. Three Solo Parts Playing the first solo part will be Lieutenant P. E. Hassler, Ag ’41. Lt. Hassler has established himself as an outstanding cornetist with the band and has performed for several seasons as a soloist. The second solo part will be played by Corporal Frank Hemler, the son of Mrs. Hemler, guest artist for this concert. Frank Hemler has distinguished himself by being one of the few freshmen ever to perform as soloist with the University Symphonic
band.
Playing the third solo part will be Sergeant Donald Haines, ME ’42. Haines is a very versatile musician, having participated as first trumpeter of the band for several seasons. Versatile Cornet Artists A very energetic as well as versatile trio of cornetists, these three are fully prepared to show the audience the latest techniques in cornet artistry. Open to the general public free of charge, this Christmas concert is scheduled to begin at 3 o’clock and is sponsored by the Public Relations committee of the Greater Lafayette Chamber of Commerce. Tea And Crumpets This afternoon the Kappas and the Thetas will pass out tea and crumpets (or reasonable facsimilies) to faculty, townspeople and alumnae at their knnual formal Christmas teas. The Kappa Alpha Theta tea will be from 3 to 6, and the Kappa Kappa Gamma tea from 3 to 6 o’clock.
Concert This Afternoon In presenting a Christmas concert this afternoon in the Hall of Music the University Symphonic Band will be opening its winter concert season. Scheduled to begin at 3 o’clock, the doors will be opened at 2 to accommodate those coming from neighboring communities. As the last rehearsal prior to the concert, the band assembled in the concert band shell yesterday afternoon and played portions of several selections in order to become better acquainted with the characteristics of the auditorium as well a,s the shell. Practice In Soundproof Shell Since the close of the football season, the Symphonic Band has been practicing in the sound-proof regimental band shell in the basement directly below the center of the auditorium. A lyric soprano, Mrs. Opal Hemler, guest artist, will sing a composition of Gounod, entitled “O Divine Redeemer.” An outstanding artist in the concert and radio field, Mrs. Hemler progressed rapidly in the music field after intensive studying until she voluntarily retired shortly after receiving an offer to sing with the Metropolitan Opera company. Under the supervision of Prof. P. S. Emrick, a complete variety of selections have been arranged for this program. Commencing with the stately march, “War March of the Priests,” by Mendelssohn, such musical masterpieces as Rossini’s “Barber of Seville,” Sigmund Romberg’s “Student Prince,” and Strauss’s “Southern Roses,” have been included on the program, e.j.m.
NOTICE! Exponent’s Christmas party for all staff members, carriers, columnists and faculty advisors will be held in the Union offices this afternoon from 3 to 5 o’clock.
Begins Tuesday^ 7:30 A M Voting for the selection of Prom and Gala Week committees will be held Tuesday from 7:30 a. m. to 6 p. m. in the “L”-shaped room behind the west desk of the Union, Student Senate of-
ficials said last night.
Music Groups Will Present Christmas Convo Wednesday Annual Christmas convocation will be given in the Hall of Music next Wednesday night at 8 o’clock. This program, sponsored by the committee on religious convocations, is open to townspeople as well as to students and staff members and features many University musical organizations. Carol Singing By Audience Joanne Lloyd will open the convocation with the playing of Christmas carols on the celeste. Following this the University orchestra, under the direction of Joseph M. Ragains, and the modern dance group will cooperate in presenting selections from Tschaikowski’s “Nutcracker Suite.” Carol singing by the audience, led by A. P. Stewart, will close this part of the program. Last Half Last half of the convocation will be the production of “Christmas Choralogue.” This is a story of the Nativity in song and in narrative. Mollie Harding will be soloist, William Heath will be the narrator and the combined choirs will provide a background of organ effect. The members of the concert choir, in their gold and black robes, will kneel in a V-shaped formation at a candlelit altar with the University choir in the background. Setting for this production was designed by W. B. Olds, e.w.m. ASME Sponsors Films For Student Meeting Color films entitled “Combustion in the Locomotive Firebox” will be shown at the ASME student group meeting tomorrow night at 7:30 o’clock in room 207 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. These movies appear through the courtesy of the Standard Stoker company and the New York Central Railway. Featuring the results of experimental work in stoker burning, the pictures will show various views of the actual combustion taken through eye slits. These include the study of change of rate effects, tracing of the details of flame travel and action of the fire on particles in suspension. ' The meeting will be open to anyone interested, members of the organization or not. Prof. W. J. Cope, faculty member in charge, announced last night, f.i.j. University To Carol After Wabash Game After the Wabash basketball game Tuesday night University students and faculty will gather in front of the Union for a short allUniversity carol sing, with A. P. Stewart, University musical director, in charge. Stewart will direct the carolers from the first floor balcony with the aid of the Concert Choir and Glee Club and Joanne Lloyd at the piano on the balcony. Words of the carols will be flashed on a screen on the second balcony. All good things come in bunches, so the Union will furnish free coffee and doughnuts in the cafeteria for the carolers after the sing. b.g.
Voting machines will be used again this year. The Student Senate, which is conducting the election, will offer instruction on the operation of the machine to all interested students at 4 o’clock tomorrow afternoon in the Senate office, third floor of the Union. Instructions will also be given at the polls on election day. Rules of Warfare The rules for the conduct of the voters at the polls are: 1. There is to be no campaigning near the polls. 2. Voters have the privilege of splitting their ticket. 3. There is to be no voting by proxy. 4. Voters must have their passports to be eligible to vote. (Schedule cards are not acceptable.) 5. Seniors vote only for the Gala Week committee. 6. Juniors vote only for the Prom committee. 7. Sophomores and freshmen are not eligible to vote. For the past week both political parties, the Progressives nnd the Boilermakers, have been .waging a furious campaign to gain the favor of the students. Parade At Wayne Game The first great effort was staged at the Wayne-Purdue basketball game last Wednesday when both groups paraded around the edge of the playing floor at the half. Thursday nearly every other student on the campus was wearing tags advocating the election of either one or the other of the parties. Friday night both parties came through with almost identical ideas when they had “saloons” at the Rassle to dispense soft drinks, pop corn, and good will. Yesterday and today both parties were inactive as they made final preparations for closing the campaign. Boilermakers Have Tea Dance Tomorrow afternoon the Boilermaker party starts campaign activities again with a free tea dance from 4 to 5:30 o’clock in the south ballroom of the Union. Beauty queens from the Debris beauty contest will act as hostesses at the dance. Party members will be on hand to meet everyone. Refreshments will be served and a magician and a ventriloquist will entertain the dancers. In keeping with its platform, the Progressive party does not plan to hold any further social functions as part of its campaign. 4th Freshmen Forum Introduces Playshop, Dehate Teams, WBAA The fourth freshmen forum at which three more campus activities will be introduced to the class of ’44 will be held Tuesday afternoon at 4 o’clock in the biology li^turc room of Stanley Coulter Hall. The thiee activities which will have representatives at the meeting to inform the freshmen of the advantages and requirements for membership of their respective organizations are Playshi^ debate teams, and radio station WBAA. e.w.n.
C/eve/and
... Purdue Club will meet tomorrow in room 308 of the Union to discuss the first annual d^ce scheduled for December 27 at Hotol Cleveland.'Vv''
:fi^i :A%:-
-£diJtA
Sunday* December 15, 1940
fiwuiujL £xfumenL
As The Editor Sees It. . . Summation, Clarification ’Twas the week before Christmas va<?ation and, boy, is everybody busy! ^ose term reports that the profs want to read during the holidays keep everybody burning the midnight oil and the seats in the library warm. This past week has been a full one with the Ballet Russe, a basketball game, Playshop’s presentation of “What A Life,” and the RivetbrsVRassle. Incidentally, the Rassle was one of the gayest dances we’ve seen around here in a long time. The only people who didn’t have a good time were those who didn’t wear some crazy costume. From the comments we heard yesterday the dance really opened the informal season. In the Exponent columns this week we carried a Letter to the Editor concerning the conduct of certain students at convocations, in particular the Ballet Russe program Monday night. We agree with the sentiment of the contributor to the nth degree. Only we propose the formation of vigilante committees for the purpose of not only removing the rowdies from the Music Hall, but also of suspending their passport privileges. For a great many of us, Monday’s performance was our first introduction to the ballet and, frankly, it was a little difficult. But, nevertheless, there was no excuse for the high school antics before the first curtain. Likewise, some of the conduct during the performance, particularly at the curtain calls, marked the audience as a discourteous one, to say the least. The performers were widely traveled and it seems to us that it’s a high price to pay for a little amusement if the reputation of Purdue suffers thereby. Politics, as usual, presents the campus daily with a bit of a problem. How to be impartial, truthful and sincere, all at the same time, without stepping on somebody’s toes is not as simple
The Purdue Exponent Entered •« eeeond class matter at the poat office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Conitress of iMareh 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Puhlished daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally Iv carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Editor-in-Chiet ....... R. W. Domains Business Manager Merle Hagemeyer Publication Staff News Editor ..... .—: J. H. HcKm Managing Editor D. K. Heiple Associate Editors : W. B!. Beaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Ruffner, R. M, Skallerup, J. L. Trangott. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, Q. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. F. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor .i - Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor J. P. Dolan Associate Editors; J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc.i College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Purcell Issue Editor: Nordlinger Day Editor: Miller Night Sports Editor: Swaim Staff: J. F. Amos, E. G. Kieper. J. S. Keeler, F. I. Jones, J. R. Galloway, B. J. Gray, P. A. Howard and A. P. Hunter.
as solving an alegbraic equation with three variables. And we used to think that they were difficult. Apparently, some people just won’t be convinced that there is such a thing as personal integrity anymore. Or is it that they would rather believe that the editor of the Exponent is trying to swing the election one way or the other? If the interested members of either party still read these columns, we’d like to say that we have no illusions about the power of the press, and that, believe it or not, some people do act independently of any organization they may be attached to or be connected with either in fact or by inference.
'CampusVarieties" Closes 1940 Shows; More Coming/n'47 Yesterday afternoon at 3 o’clock the last Campus Varieties shbw of the year was presented in the studios of WBAA. Of the popular recordings played, Kay Kyser’s “Tennessee Fish Fry” and the Dorsey interpretation of “I’m Getting Sentimental Over You” were the selections of the day. Highlight of the performance was a humorous skit which featured Joyce Burnham and Betty Erick as Mamie Glutz and Dolly Doolittle in the throes of Christmas shopping. Don Brinkei’hoff sparkled in his excellent interpretations of famous screen and radio stars, including Jack Benny, Rochester, and Charlie McCarthy. Bill Fall, Sc ’41, was master of ceremonies. The next performance of Campus Varieties will be given on Saturday, January 11, 1941, at the usual time, a.p.h.
Church Directory
West Lafayette Baptist Church Columbia and Chauncey streets Joseph Baird Gleason, Pastor 9:30 a. m. Roger Williams club class. Ted Noss, teacher. 10:35 a. m. Sermon in music, “The Light Shineth.” Solos, hymns and anthems by the choir, directed by Ivah Gruver Price. Comments by the pastor. 5:00 p. m. Roger Williams club will carol for sick and shut-ins and return to the club rooms for supper. Meet at church promptly at 5 p. m. instead of 5:30. 7:46 p. m. Christmas Cantata at Jefferson high school gymnasium by the United Choirs of Greater Lafayette. '
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“Philbert’s very strict with the children, mother—whenever they’re naughty, he just ups and leaves!’’
Ether Edits
By Gordon GriflSn Bonnie (Baby-Voice) Baker and Orrin Tucker open with a new show this afternoon at. 4:30 p. m. to be called “Hidden Stars.” Something new in broadcasts, the program will include guests chosen from among popular radio entertainers of smaller stations throughout the country . . . a professional “amateur show.”
Ted Fio-Rito and his orchestra guest on the Fitch Bandwagon tonight at 6:30 . . . the Duluth Symphony Orchestra, with soloists and a chorus of mixed voices, will perform at 10:30 p. m. tonight with Handel’s “The Messiah” . .. Charlie McCarthy’s heart will flutter to the tune of Madeline Carroll tonight over WMAQ at 7:00 . . . Somerset Maugham will be interviewed on the Meet Edward Weeks program at 9:30 p. m. on Tuesday . . . Cavalcade of America gives Raymond Massey the lead in a drama, “Undefended Border,” by Stephen Vincent Benet on Wednesday at 6:30 p. m. . . . Franck’s Symphony in D Minor on recording by the Philadelphia Orchestra may be heard Wednesday, at midnight over WE • NR.'
Sports fans will be interested in learning that Fort Pearson, ace NBC sports announcer, is signed up for a 5-a-week series called “Fort Pearson’s Sport Page.” The program, making its debut tomorrow at 5:45 p, m. over WMAQ, will present features on historic sporting events of the past, sports news of the day, reports on coming events, and spot news in the entire national sporting field . ; . p. s. Don’t forget the Louis-McCoy match tomori'ow night at 9:00! Sigma Alpha Epsilon . . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of the following men: Frederick R. Beiser, Cincinnati, 0.; Donald L. Blue, Flint, Mich.; Ralph J. Dannemiller, Akron, Q.; Thomas Lb Greenwood, Webster Groves, Mo.; David C. Jordan, Angola; Gordon H. Lovett, Cincinnati, 0.; Robert W\ Olesen, Hinsdale, 111.; Robert L. Page, Lafayette; Walter H. Stanton, Cincinnati, 0.; and Rbbeirt'Ten Eyck, Cincinnati, 0. O. K. Quivey, past national president and a member of the Purdue chapter, conducted the initiation. ’
Personnel Notes Company: Trico Products Corporation, Buffalo, New Yoi’k. Company’s Products: Motor Car Equipment. L Types of Positions: Production Research Department. Training Desired: Seniors—^EE, Met. E, ME. Special Qualifications and Information: Literature describing the products of this company may be seen at the Personnel Ofiice. Personnel blanks or printed data sheets must be turned into the Personnel Office not later than Saturday, December 21.
He prefers men living in or near Chicago. Company: Delco Radio Division —General Motors Corporation, Kokomo, Indiana. Company’s Products: Radio equipment. Types of Positions: * See below. Training Desired: Senior CE, ME —January men. * Civil Engineers—construction. Mechanical Engineers — training for engineering, production, etc. ■ . . Those interested should fill out blanks secured from the Personnel Office. These blanks must be filled out before December 18th, at 4 p. m.
University Presbyterian Church North and Grant streets J. W. Findley, Pastor. Robert S. Thomas, Assistant 9:30 a. m. Discussion group period. “Life of Christ,” Dr. Graves. “Church and Social Action,” Mr. Thomas. 10:30 a. m. Worship and preaching services in the Ivan C. Olmstead
Tonight Religious Council Holds Community Party As an entertainment to the children of the North End Community Center, the social service commit-
chapel. Rev. Findley will deliver the sermon “In the Beginning, God.” Special music by the University church choir. 3:30 p. m. Organ recital by Mr. H. E. Graes, of Indianapolis. 5:00 p. m. Candlelight communion service in the Ivan C. Olmstead chapel. Special music by a double quartet from the choir. 6:00 p. m. Sunday Evening club will meet for supper, after which the annual Christmas party will be held. All are asked to bring a gift costing not more than 10 cents.
tee of the Purdhe Religious Council will present a party for children and parents this evening at 7 o’clock at the center in Lafayette. There will be caroling, candy, food, a Christmas tree, and a Santa Claus. Members of the committee are June Busby, Bill Peterson, Dale Moffett, Margaret Warren and Caroline Britton. The children of the North End Community Center have made Christmas wreaths, and Anna Katharine Williams will take orders for the wreaths, council officials said last gbight. b.g.
Company: W. A. Alexander & Company, 135 South LaSalle St., Chicago, Illinois. Types of Positions: Insurance Sales. Training Desired: Science—Men. Special Qualifications and Information: Mr. S. S. Willison, of this company, will be glad to interview those interested during the Christmas Holidays.
Only 6.5 per cent of the CCC applicants for Indiana were over 21 years old.
Five new streamliners were added this week to speed up transcontinental railroad schedules.
NOW PLAYING ‘ ■ # Broadway’s musical, , # romantic stage hit ‘■■■..M comes to the screen... . . # and Judy sings her way ^ right Into your heart!
CHARLES MURPHY WINNINGER DOUGLAS McPHAIL Based on Ceo. M. Cohan's Musical Comedy Hit!
BETTE DAVIS
From the Story by W. SOMERSET MAUGHAM HEBERT MARSHALL* JAMES STEPHENSON FRIEDA INESCORT * GALE SONDERCAARD uttmem Starts TODAY
ARC
TODAY - MONDAY
— WITH
TOM brown CONSTANCE MOORE — ALSO — COLUMBIA RHAPSODY
It’s new! MAIS OUl The piquant, capricious new perfume. For your flirtatious moods. Mate Oul Forfumo |1.2S to $10.00. Also ethor luporb Moil Oul Proparotlont. CMATID BY DOURJOIS
Cosmetics
Street Floor
hlAid
NOW SHOWING TWO FIRST RUN HITS
Here It- Comes! In a Gale of Laughter! Song! Stars! WHAT THESE THREE MISSED IN LIFE . ..
PLUS
1940*$ "Girl In th» Allf
Str««mlint<l to lli« scr««n from Broadway*! amaali Iwo-stason hill
YOUNG • MARSHAL MAY ROBSON • BILLIE BURKE*ARTHURTREACHr
LUMA — TODAY - MONDAY — THRILL FOR THRILL . . . STAR FOR STAR ... the mightiest screen entertainment of them all!
NO ADVANCE
IN PRICES
4£3cfumf^
Sunday, December 15, 1940
Eight Bpilermaker Matmen Qualify In Mid-West AAU Meet Eight Eiveter grapplers survived the preliminary rounds of the Mid-west AAU wrestling tournament yesterday, and were eligible for participation in the semi-finals. The Boilermakers, under the leadership of Coach Claude Reeck, were one of ten colleges with entries in the meet at McKinley Park, Chicago. Indiana’s crimson wrestlers qual- ■
fled nine men, being the only team, exceeding the Boilermakers in number of survivors. Michigan, Ohio State, and the Duncan YMCA of Chicago each qualified three matmen. Survival of Fittest The eight Riveter wrestlers eligible for the semi-finals are as follows: Casey Fredericks, 128-pound class, Hdmmond; Malcolm MacDonald, freshman, Tulsa, Oklahoma; Mark Matovina, freshman, E. Chicago; Jack Foster, sophomore, Whiting; Joe Hlinka, sophomore, Hammond; Frank Ruggieri, sophomore, South Bend; Warren Gregory, freshman, Indianapolis; and Bob Britt, sophomore. West Lafayette. Casey Fredericks, co-captain of this season’s mat squad, annexed the 121-pound title of the Midwest AAU tourney last year in leading the Riveters to second place in the team placings. Jack Foster, another of this year’s qualifiers, finished in second place in the 145-pound divis-
7:16 !:00
8:16
ONLY YOU Can Give This Gift ONLY TANGO Can Give You the Picture You Want No $1.00 "Specials”!! We Will Not Saaifice Quality for Price TANCO STUDIO
VARIETY ECONOMY Here you may enjoy your favorite dishes and acquaint yourself with delicious new ones. QUICK SERVICE The two fast-moving lines save time when you eat in the UNION CAFETERIA JAfl. fiiiJidusL TybinuMcd, Utmn. The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
An
Illusions
Meet the Team
ion, while Frank Ruggieri, who also worked his way into the semi-finals yesterday, ranked third in his weight class, r.o.s. IM Sch&lules SQUASH Monday, December 16 7 :00 p. m. Alpha Tau Omega vs. Sigma Pi or Sigma
Chi.
Pi Kappa Alpha or Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon or Pi Kappa Phi.
BASKETBALL
Monday, December 16 Court 1—H. Young
7:00 Ward 28 vs Ward 4 7:16 Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 13 8 :00 Cary Hall 2 vs Cary Hall 14 8:16 Ward 34 vs Ward 6
Court 2—Jim Shaw
7:00 Ward 32 vs Ward 8 7 :16 Cary Hall 3 vs Cary Hall 6 8:00 Cary Hall 4 vs Cary Hall 6
Court 3—H. Goldstein
7 :00 Cary Hall 7 vs Cary Hall 12 7:16 Cary Hall 8 vs Cary Hall 10 8:00 Cary Hall 9 vs Cary Hall 11
8:16 Ward 37 vs Ward 11 Court 4—R. J. McCarthy 7:00 Ward 39 vs Ward 13
Ward 21 vs Ward 22
Delta Tau Delta vs Lambda Chi
Alpha.
Ward 14 vs Ward 24
By Joseph Patrick Dolan After a quiet week-end here at the Boilermaker institution, the only action being a couple of formal dances and a now and then reckless driver, we find ourselves approaching those longed-for holidays, and between now and those days is scheduled a basketball game with Wabash. This game is to be contested this Tuesday evening, on the home court. —I-I— Wabash, a small liberal arts and law school in Crawfordsville, is the home of Ward Lambert, Purdue expert on the hardwood game. Ward played college ball for the Wabash football, basketball!, and! baseball teams, excelling in the diamond sport. But now Piggy uses his Amma Mamme for a warm-up doormat. Tsh! Tei’rible appreciation, eh? —I-I— With the coming of the Wabash game, Purdue has seen its last “setup” contest go by the way-side. Sure, we play a vee small teams like Terre Haute State Teachers, but, laddie, those teams are basketball schools, and each year get their share of Hoosierland’s bestest of the basketball playing best. —I-I— With the Nebraska team starting to prepare for the Rose Bowl game in California on Jan. 2, the Purdue squad “knows just how the kids from the Husker school feel.” You see, while the Purdue eleven was on its way to play Minnesota, it had to wait three hours in Chicago’s Union station for connections to Minneapolis. -1-1— Now this Union station is quite the barn, being something like twice the size of Purdue’s fieldhouse. Also waiting for train connections was the Nebraska eleven, on its way to meet Pittsburgh. The Purdue players and Nebraska players mingled
Presenting... Charles Caress
Six feet of well apportioned physical power, topped by a thatch of light red hair, Charles Caress is looked upon as one of the defensive girders of the 1940-’41 Boilermaker court edition. Performing in a relief role last season, Red played in a Beretta-like manner when he broke into the line-up at a guard post. The junior guard has already shown his scrappiness this season by consistently breaking into the midst of opponent scoring thrusts. Until this year Caress has been shadowing Fred Beretta, sterling Riveter captain last year, from high school to college, for the two guardians of the back court learned their basketball fundamentals at Bedford, Indiana. When Beretta was a high school senior. Caress was a sophomore. But the redhead was a forward then and remained at that post for most of his prep school action. The Bedford quintet moved to the finals of the state tourney when Red was a senior. They were eliminated by a strong Hammond team, which dropped the championship game by a narrow margin. Playing with Caress was Bill Torphy, who is a member of Indiana’s varsity squad. Caress is a junior in the Physical Education school, hoping to coach after obtaining his degree. At the conclusion of the basketball season Red will don one of Dutch Fehring’s baseball suits, being an outfielder on the diamond squad. He is a member of Sigma Chi social frateimity.
freely and traded stories especially about meeting Minnesota which the Nebraska squad had experienced earlier in this season just passed. -1-1— At that time, the Nebraska team was hoping against hope that their one touchdown at the hands of Minnesota would not dim their Bowl chances at California .“Vike” Francis, Nebraska’s fullback, brother of the once great Sam Francis, was especially fond of visiting California. I think there was another party involved. Nothing like football on and
You CanH Give the Moon and the Stars, but You Can Thrill Every Eeminine Heart with
For the woman you want most to please—^your gift must be out-of-the-usual, a worthy symbol of your thoughtfulness. That is why Gotham silk stockings are chosen by so many men season after season. We can’t think of a nicer gift to her than a wardrobe of Gotham Gold Stripe silk stockings. ^
• PRAIRE—rich brown • PLANTATION—brown beige • COCO-—neutal beige • CINNABAR—rosy beige • GREYTONE—mauve taupe
Sheer weights for daytime wear
79c
3 pairs |2.25
3 and 4-threads for day, ** | 7-threads for hard wear
2, 3, 4, 7-threads with hem or adjustable tops 3 pairs $3.90 NYLON HOSE $1.35 Gold Stripe can be Exchanged any place in the United States!
Hardwood Squad Drills Feverishly For Wabash
By John Keeler
In preparation for the Wabash tilt on Riveter hardwood this Tuesday, Coach Lambert pushed his men through a stiff and fast workout yesterday afternoon. Preceding a scrimmage session which lasted the better part of the afternoon, "Piggy” spent a good deal of time conducting an extensive drill on the famous Boilermaker "pressure defense.” Up And Down
Phi Kappa Tau Fraternity Leads Partkipation Race
With points for cross country, fall golf, softball, swimming and touchball allotted to the winners and participants, the race for the fraternity participation trophy now stands with eight fraternities closely bunched at the head of the pack. Points are awarded for participation in each event with extra points for the winner and runnerup. Five points may be gained by each member or pledge completing the requirements for Sigma Delta Psi, national athletic honorary. Leading fraternities and the number of points credited to each are as follows: Phi Kappa Tau, 190; Sigma Chi, 185; Alpha Kappa Lambda, 180; Beta Theta Pi, 180; Delta Tau Delta, 180; Pi Kappa Alpha, 178; Kappa Sigma, 178; and Phi Kappa Sigma, 178. r.o.s. Five Greek Court- Squads Unbeaten In Class 'A' Race Nearing the final stretch of the regularly scheduled games, the Class “A” fraternity basketball tournament has developed into a close struggle. At present there are five teams that have unblotched records. Undefeated in their regular games are the following fraternity teams: Pi Kappa Alpha, five wins; Alpha Tau Omega and Sigma Pi, four wins; Triangle and Lambda Chi Alpha, three wins, r.o.s. off the field, eh . . . stadium and parlor. —I-I— Nice little side-shows were put on by the different political parties during the intermissions of the past couple of ball games, weren’t they ? One party seemed to have the Theta house as the base of operations, while the other seemed to be directed from the Sig Ep theater. Now that elections has no more stimulation power, we can hear our swell band—if someone would be nice and build a big platform for the musicians to gather on. —I-I— What’s this we hear about forming an ice hockey team to represent Purdue, using the Indianapolis professional rinks. That’s the grandest
During the drill both offensive and defensive tactics in the use of this system were taken up in turn. Two quintets, each neglecting the fast break, strove in turn to get the ball down the floor through the other’s “pressure defense.” In most respects the drill showed to advantage the Riveter’s high utilization of speed and stamina in carrying out this fast defensive play. Wabash, when they invade the Boilermaker fieldhouse next Tuesday evening, will be attempting to regain some of the prestige lost in their last two games. Last week Northwestern defeated them .35-32 in a very close game and Friday
Frosty Sprowl, who underwent a tonsilectomy at the St. Elizabeth Hospital yesterday morning, was reported as sufficiently recovered to be released by tomorrow.
night Iowa handed them the same bitter dose 42-22. Wabash lost the Wildcat game the hard way since at the start of the second half they held a five point lead. They Shouldn’t Greve ’ In Ray Greve and Earl Dowd, a pair of sophomore forwards, Wabash can boast two very capable ball handlers. Greve, whether it be an unlucky number or not, scored 13 points against both Iowa and Northwestern and is at present the team’s high point man These two men, while both sophomore basketball forwards, are as unlike as dollars and doughnuts, or some dissimilar simile. Greve is comparatively small, being but 5’ 11” in height while Earl Dowd, who was a regular fullback on the Little Giant eleven weighs 220 pounds and is 6’ 5 ” tall. It is expected that this combination will give the Boilermakers some difficulty in rebound control, a weakness already noticeable in the Riveter line-up. Tuesday’s game will mark the last home stand of the calendar year for the Lambertmen. Following it on the schedule are two Chicago contests which will be held in that city during the first half of the holidays.
idea I’ve heard in a long time. There is a load of kids around here who can cut fancy and rough capers on the ice gridiron, especially those fellows from Wis., Mich., and upstate N. Y.
CRESTED CHRISTMAS GIFTS for , Sister — Sweetheart — Mother — Dad Now on Display at Your Local BUR-PAT STORE i 113 Northwestern — Phone 2523 USE OUR .CHRISTMAS LAYAWAY PLAN
Save Mother^s time and energy for Holiday Planning I Do this ... by sending AMERICAN your Laundry Bundle!
We Pick Up and Deliver
Phone 3085
American
i 132 NORTHWESTERN AVE.(Papi k- -%otibiA
Sunday, December 15, 1940
(PixAdiuL £xfaofu^
The Week’s War (Continued from page 1)
goods they contracted last summer to deliver bj Oct. 1 “after the defeat of Britain.” The Nazis negotiated those contracts in order to show Latin Americans how confident they were of early British collapse and also to destroy the business of British and American firms in Latin America, since they quoted exceedingly low prices. Destro> Their Own Markets In enabling the Nazis to make good their contracts the American firms thus helped destroy future maikets for themselves as well as bolster Nazi prestige. Emboldened by such aid, Nazi agents are again soliciting business in Latin America \\ith the assurance that Britain will soon be defeated and Germany V ill be in a position to dominate the commerce of Latin America. It was doubtless to facilitate such activities that the Italian diplomats were taking’ the money to Latin America. U. S. ‘Good Will Efforts’ The United States continued its effoits to stiengthen ties with Latin American states and thus make Nazi encioachments less easy. The Export-Impoit Bank announced Cl edits of $60,000,000 for Argentina vhich of all the Latin American republics has been least co-operative in the past with the United States. Previously the United States treasury had advanced Argentina $50,000,000 fiom the stabilization fund. A credit of $7,500,000 is being advanced to Uiuguay, which, despite much Nazi intiigue, has voted to coopeiate with the United States in the establishment of bases foi hemispheie defense. Count Robert! Carries ‘Books’ One of the Italians carrying the Ameiican greenbacks is Count Roberti of the Italian legation in Mexico City, wiiose wife is the daughtei of Ogden Hammond, former United States ambassador to Spain and one of the most prominent pro-Fascists in the United States. Count Robeiti and his colleague picked up the cash in New Orleans but G-men discoveied the transaction and tipped off the Mexican bordei authorities, who disregaided Roberta’s pleas of diplomatic immunity and uncoveied the cash. The Mexicans obeyed the diplomatic code and restoied the funds to Roberti W’ho doubtless has passed them on to the anti-American agents in Mexico and South Ameiica.
TRAILWAYS
0 W.
R. T.
Chicago
.. $1.80
$2.95
Gary
.. T.80
2.95
Michigan City ...
2.05
3.70
South Bend
2.20
3.95
Indianapolis
.. 1.15
2.10
VERY LOW RATES FOR THE HOLIDAYS YANKEE TRAILWAYS
208 N. 5th
Phone 4475
DePaul, Loyola Game Tickets On Sale--Doan A limited number of reserved seats for the University’s basketball games with Defaul and Loyola in Chicago next Fiiday and Saturday nights, lespectively, have been placed on sale over the counter in the ticket office of the Fieldhouse, it was^nnounced last night by C. S. Doan, ticket manager. Tickets for the DePaul game are priced at $1.65 and $1.10 including fax, and for the Loyola game at $1.10 including tax. e.w.n.
A Daily News correspondent who has just visited Mexico reports that the totalitarians are very much under cover there just now, although three Nazi agents were identified in the crowd that demonstrated against Vice-President-Elect Wallace. The expulsion of the chief Nazi propagandist, Arthur Dietrich, some months ago brought a halt to Nazi public activities in the republic. Soviet influence there has weakened with the eclipse of the labor leader, Lombaido Toledano. Totalitarian piopaganda cannot flouiish in Mexico without the connivance of President Avila Camacho, and the President is so desiious of continued United States support that he IS unlikely to permit such hostile activity. In Other American Nations But things are not so favorable for the United States in certain other parts of Latin America where totalitarian agents aie continuing their public and hidden anti-United States activities. Some of these agents still enjoy consideiable influence as commercial lepresentatives of United States films.
University of Chicago awaided 42 football letteis lecently to membeis of their six and eleven-men teams.
Wktta"br««k"ror youl 30 pieces of this quality silverware, including smart salad forks and FREE Tarnish-proof Chest, make this the silverware buy you’ve been wailing for. Come in and choose your set TODAY.
FAVORITES With the MEN Masculine Design — Massive Construction jd, ^jinikmetiL A RING Styled by 1‘AITH IS AN INSPIRED CHOICE Whether it is a hand carved Cameo, colorful Birthstone, Fraternal Emblem, or Signet, we have a large selection from which to choose. Gome in — look them over — check our prices. GERRY MOHLAAAN
434 Main Street Lafayette
308 State Street West Lafayette
Consul In Morocco (Continued from page 1)
control, the Assembly, and the Mixed Bureau of Information, and appointing himself governor of Tangier. The committee of control was composed of the consuls of all powers who had signed the statute of Tangier and the Act of Algeciras in 1906. At the time when Gen. Yuste took over control, it was pointed out that the act was not necessarily proAxis, as Italy was a signatory to the Tangiei statute and the Italian consul lost his authority as a member of the control committee. However, subsequently, there were antiBritish demonsti-ations, notably against the British post office. The replacing of international administrative officials by Spaniards from Tetuan is the final step indicating, if such were needed, that Spain has not merely taken over the zone for the duration of the war or to pi event anyone else from moving in, but has incorporated Tangier into Spanish Morocco. Informed quaiters here find this action at this particular time most ill-advised in view of Spain’s great need for foodstuffs. Biitam and Spain, and the United States and Spain, have just concluded agreements enabling Spain to obtain much needed food These agreements could easily be i evoked and the Biitish one may well be if the
Notices
Theta Alpha Phi Actives: Initiation Sunday, December 16 at 4 p. m. in reception rooms of Union. —MARTIN.
SCA: SCA board will meet Tuesday, December 17, at 7 :30 in SCA room of Union. —BROWN.
Cleveland Purdue Club: Meeting Monday, December 16, in Union, room 303 at 8 p. m. Everyone come. Discuss Christmas dance. —STEVENS.
Virginia C. Meredith Club: Meeting of all membeis Monday, December 16, at 4 p. m. in Home Economics auditorium. —McCULLOCH.
Purdue Rifle Club: Rifle range in the Fieldhouse will be open to students during the following hours : Monday, 4-6 :30 p. m , 7-9 p. m. ; Tuesday, 3-6 p. m.; Wednesday, 3-5 p. m., 7-9 p. m.; Thursday 3-5 p. m., 7-9 p. m. : Friday 3-6 p. m.: Saturday, 1-4 p. m. Range is reserved for matches only. Club members are urged to fire as many practice taigets as possible from now on, as the first match will be fired January 11. —GRAUTEN.
Distinguished Gun Squad Competition: Sixteen squads consisting of juniors and sophomores will compete for awarls of medals and citations with 75 mm. guns Thuisday, December 19, at 7 p m. on the drill floor of the Armory —WHITE.
Reamers: Regular meeting Monday, December 16, at 7 :15 p m. in room 307 of the Union Everybody please be there. —BOHLIN.
Scriveners: Meeting Sunday, December 15, at 7 :30 p. m in room 261 of the Union —RIEGLE
Co-ed Riflery: Intramural matches Monday, December 16. Please be theie on time with a full team
IT’S A JOY TO GIVE A WELL DRESSED GIFT
Whether your gifts are treasures or trifles, nothing will add more to them, or make the spirit in which they are given more apparent than careful artistic packaging. Choose your accessories from our com* plete display of Hallmark Christmas Gift Dressings, and make your Christmas packaging easier and your gifts more attractive than ever before. You’ll be proud of the added impression they will make. DECKER’S
1 518-20 Main St.
Phone 5036^
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• School Supplies
• Professional
DEACS Everything for a College Education
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A. RISK dr. HAROLD ). RISK 4th & Hein St. Phone 5TOI
CHRISTMAS CARDS Exclusive Lines SOUTHWORTH'S
• Locksmith
KEYS and LOCKS Keyi for trunks, door lock*, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Blc^les, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
University Book Store Across torm the Union Next to the College Inn M. C. "Red" Sammons '29 R. W. "Doc" Epple '40
e Dairy Products
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 462H
• Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG SHOE REBUILDING Phone 2240 221 State
• Photographers
• Hardware
Cameras and Supplies Picture Framing HINEA PHOTOGRAPHER 634 Main St. Phone 7775
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Better Mdse.—Lower Prices If It's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Dellv«r
Spanish government is unable to give satisfaction on the Tangier question.
Catalyst Club: There will be a party Thursday, December 19. Meet at the Chemical Engineering building at 7 :_30 p. m. Please sign up in Dr. Lovell’s office before Wednesday noon. —BERGSTEDT.
Schedule: 6:10, Waifd t; Ward 2, 6 :30, Ward 8 : 6:40, OtterBein ; 6 :60, Glenwood : 7:00, PIA; 7:10, Coeclda: 7:20, Chi Omega : 7 :30, Wood Hall; 7 :40, South Hall , 7:60, North Hall; 8:00, Shoemaker: 8:10, Antigonish ; 8:20, Phi Mlj ; 8 :30, Kappa , 8:40, Alpha Zi. —BLAGRAVE. Silver Mask: Meeting Thursday, December 19, at 7:16 p. m in room 808 of the Union. All members please be present. —PITCHER.
in other clerical jobs are given preference. STONE
PIA Board: Regular meeting Monday, December 16, at 4 :30 p. m. in the PIA office. —MUSSER. WAA: Class volley ball practice Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday, December 16, 17, 18 and 19. Freshman and juniors practice at 4 p. m., sophomoies and seniors at 4:30 p. m —KIRKHOFF.
Classified Ads
FOR RKNT For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Care for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 2407.
For Rent: Modern single room, one block west of campus, stoker heat, continuous hot water, water softener. Gentleman. Phone 6847.
ASME: Special meeting Monday, December 16, at 7 ’30 p. m in room 207 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. Piogram IS film on combustion in a locomotive fiiobox Membership cards and emblems will be distributed —COOLEY. Sophomore Union Workers: Important meeting of Music Room committee Monday, December 16, at 4 :15 p m. in the Union office. —CARPENTER, FELLOWS
Room and Board for three boys. Automatic hot water, stoker heat. 231 Pierce. Phone 76601. FOR SALE Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
PIA Chorus: Rehearsal Sunday, December 16, at 2 p. m Everybody be there ! —SMULEVITZ.
Cadet Luncheon Committee: There will be an important meeting Monday, December 16, at 4 p. m. in the Armory. Tickets and ticket list must be checked in at this time. —MEESE.
For Sale: Out of print books — Back number magazines.— Prints for art and economics classes. Tel. 7411. The Old Book Shop, 414 Ferry St., (Opposite Fowler Hotel.) Latta’s Christmas Gifts. American Artists, Hummel and Latta Christmas cards. Latta’s Art Shop, 214 N. Fifth, 35 mm. Camera with f :2 lens, CompurRapid Shutter, Eastman range finder, filter, lens shade. Cheap. Phone 36401.
Registration Workers: Students who wish to woik for the Registrar during the second semester registration, January 28 and 29, are requested to make application before Christmas on blanks to be obtained at the Registrar’s office. Those who have had previous experience at legislation or
Lost: Small blown purse, spectacles, and money Reward. Sue Van Deren. Phone 2127.
Lost: Bottom half of Schaffer fountain pen Black with mother-of-pearl Reward. Call 41236.
Have a spic and span appearance by sending your apparel to West Side,
I ^ i
"Lowest Prices Quality Will Permit" Northwestern at Vine Phone 4081
NICE, FRE$H, FREEMAN
ready t<ii -staining of a beautifully tanned fine mokes antiqued Freemans old favor* ites to the eye—and to your feet, too. WORN WITH PRIDE RY MILLIONS X-RAY FITTING A. B. C. Shoe Co., Inc. 406 Main Street