o the Purdue Exponent
SUNDAY Lafayette, Indiana VOL. 49 ) No. 150 April lO, 1938
The Week's NEWS
April Weather April weather this week loaded all its guns and proceeded to fii’e them in spasmodic volleys over most of these United States. Ammunition bursts brought tornados, floods, blizzards, snowstorms, rain deluges, and electrical storms. Trouble started Wednesday as Illinois and northern Indiana awoke from their worst storm of the year to find a 12-inch blanket blizzard snow. Simultaneously central Indiana was the target for electric thunderbolts which caused fiery havoc in Indianapolis and surrounding territory. Then heavy rainfall swamped this storm vicinity. Meanwhile snowstorms whipped over all Northern states from Montana to the East coast, piling up a maximum of 17 inches of snow in South Dakota. Then storm centers swept through the Ohio Valley into the South Thursday, continuing Friday to spread death in the Georgia-Alabama area. Georgia lost 13 lives in floods as tornadoes claimed 10 lives in Alabama. Eight persons sealed themselves in an oil field dwelling near Amarillo, Tex., against one of the worst blizzards in the history of the Panhandle state. Friday they were found asphyxiated, while banked around the house were five foot snowdrifts. Half of Indiana’s fruit crop is estimated to be ruined; similar amounts of early crops in other states have been frost killed. Wabash and White rivers rose rapidly Friday, and yesterday weie flooding thousands of acies of Indiana lowlands. Banks of the Ohio River are also under water, although to no dangerous degree as yet. Sum total of all deaths so far accountable to April weather is 44, but at least 60 persons are still missing.
C, W, Spicer
Washington
Angry Wabash Waters Reach 19-Foot Stage; Crest Expected In 24 Hours
. . . national president of the Society of Automotive Engineers, will be the main speaker at the dinner at 6:15 p. m. Tuesday, April 12. He will speak on different phases of transportation and the opportunities offered for expansion of these fields. Spicer, a mechanical engineering graduate of Cornell University, organized the Spicer Universal Joint Manufacturing Co. in 1910. Lately his interest has been attracted by the application of automotive engineering to railroad equipment. HarjorieHocire... . . . freshman science student, was elected queen of the Green Potters dance by ballot of the first-year students last night. She is a Kappa Alpha Theta pledge and lives in Lafayette.
Reamers Open Theater Ticket Sale Tomorrow Tickets for the moving picture to be shown at the New Main Theater April 17, 18, 19, and 20 will be sold by members of the Reamer Club starting tomorrow evening. The receipts from the picture will be used to suppoit minor sports and athletics. Any ticket is good at the New Main April 18, 19, or 20 for the picture “Joy of Living” starring Irene Dunn and Douglas Fairbanks, Jr. M. M. Ross, Reamer president, urges all students who intend to go to the theater on those days to purchase their tickets from Reamer members as a commission will be paid only on tickets sold outside of the box office. Beta Sigma Psi . . . . . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of the following men: R. H. Bergstedt, Garrett; A. C. Goerss, Fort Wayne; G. P. Hallade, Racine, Wis.; E. P. Navta, Whiting; E. R. Passow, Hobart; T. W. Schulenborg, Dillsboro; T. J. R. Stephens, Elyria, O.; J. J. Vana, E. Chicago; A. Yuhas, Raritan, N. J. The fraternity also announces the pledging of J. P. Moehling, Mt. Prospect, 111.
Woodworfli, Efward Believe Plan To Hove PU-IO Game Impractical Press dispatches from Indianapolis yesterday indicated that the Indianapolis Junior Chamber of Commerce is backing a movement to have the annual Purdue-Indiana football game played in that city. R. C. Woodworth, acting ath
“I have none of the qualifications which would make me. a successful dictator, “I have no inclination to be a dictator.” These unsolicited statements came from the President of the United States last week in a friendly letter discussing his Reorganization Bill. Newspapers headlined the letter next day . . . continued to call the Reorganization Bill “Dictator Bill.” House debate raged and (continued on page 4)
letic director, when questioned last night about the proposal, had this to say: “We appieciate the interest shown in the Indiana-Purdue contest by the Indianapolis Junior Chamber of Commerce, but the game, as such, belortgs to the two institutions. Impractical “It would be impractical to play it there. Furthermore, Big Ten regulations forbid the playing of a game on any but the home field of either of two competing teams.”' The Indianapolis group would hold next year’s game in the Butler st^ium, where 50,000 fans
could be accommodated, instead of the Ross-Ade Stadium. “We wouldn’t be able to because of a cofiference ruling,” Coach Elward said, “but it would be all right with me except it wouldn’t do any of us any good or make any more money.” Paul Humphrey and Joe Mihal, football co-captains, opposed the proposal also. “I am against it. It would take much of the tradition out of the game,” Humphrey remarked. “If Indiana is against holding the game in Indianapolis naturally it never will be,” asserted Mihal. “I would rather play home and home games,” he continued.
'There's Very Little Danger Of Water Cositamination/ Says Health Authority Angry waters of the Wabash continued to rise last night in their mad rush southward as the stage at Lafayette passed 19 feet. A communication received yesterday by University weather observer T. H. Hill from J. H. Armington, U. S. weather observer stationed at Indianapolis, said that he expected a crest of 22 feet sometime within the next 24 hours.
Normal rainfall for the month of April is about 3.6 inches according to Hill, and 2.79 inches have already precipitated. “We are ahead two or three inches for the year,” Hill added. Contamination Unlikely “There’s very little danger of water contamination,” stated Dr. J. C. Burkle, local doctor and a health authority, concerning the community’s water supply. “Contamination would be most likely to occur from filtration through the earth due to the increased pressure of the larger volume of water in the river,” Burkle said. “Careless 'cross piping’ might also lead to contamination,” he added. However, according to Burkle, the possibility is very remote, due to the adoption of chlorinators by the Lafayette, W. Lafayette and University water works. Motorists on the north river road are detouring through Happy Hollow, while state troppers maintain a blockade where the river crosses the regular route near the Soldier’s Home. A call to the West Lafayette water works found the chief of police locking up the building after finding it unlocked and uninhabited. Go To School Anyway “They go to school about the same whether the sun is out or not,” ventured Dean of Men M. L. Fisher when asked if the rainy weather had eaten a hole in University class attendance last week. Dr. S. J. Miller, director of the Student Health Service, reported no increase in colds or ‘flu’ cases, but added that perhaps the students were just harboring their ills and would flood his office the first of the week demanding treatment. “Don’t let the wind fool you. A streng wind makes your external temperature much lower, causing colds. Protect your body amply during these wet, -windy days,” is the advice that Dr. Miller has to offer.
Cbir To Present Last Convo For Worship April 15 Closing the present series of the University Convocations for worship, the University Choir, accompanied by the University Orchesti’a, will present an Easter cantata, “The Last Seven Words of Christ,” in Eliza Fowler Hall at 8 p. m. Friday, April 15. Solo parts in the musical presentation will be taken by Alberta Schmadel, soprano; Mrs. A. P. Stewart, soprano; Paul F. Worcester, tenor; Walter Wagoner, tenor; Harold Schulte, tenor; Elmer Carlquist, tenor; Charles Powell, baritone; and Van Coddington, baritone. Director of Campus Musical Organizations A. P. Stewart will direct the 150 voice choir, while Robert A. Phillips, ChE ’39, will conduct the orchestra. George E. Osborn, Pharni. ’39, the regular organist for the convocations, will play the Hammond electric organ, and Miss Rosemary Robinson HE ’40, will be at the piano. Puerto Ricans To Sing At Newman Breakfast Musicians of Puerto Rico who sing songs of their homeland both in their native tongue and in English, will entertain the Newman Club at breakfast after 9:30 mass, in St. Mary’s School Hall today. Hank Bremer, hill-billy singer and guitarist, is also on the program.
Indiana Weather Forecast for Indiana: Fair today and probably Monday ^vith rising temperatures. Yesterday’s Temperature: High 44, low 33, mean 38.5.THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday, April 10, 1908
Costumes, Handwork Lend South Sea Romance To Home Ec Display
B> Joy Johnson
Although musically we may yearn for the “Beach at BaliBali” there aie few who know much about the East Indian island and its companion, Java, of coffee fame. Bah and Java aie more than just islands of tropic sunsets and moonrises on beautiful beaches. They provide homes, work, and .sustenance foi many natives. The costumes of these natives, their sarongs and stlendangs, are being shown in show cases in the second floor hall of the Home Economics Building. The sarong' is the wrap around skirt worn by both men and women. Bundles aie caiiied in the stlendangs oi kainpanjangs, Iona scaifs draped in back. Batiked cottons and puppets d) essed in native costumes have been boi i owed foi the exhibit fi om the collection of Gladys Weeks Higgs. Mis. Higgs, a foimei Univeisity student, and hei husband spent thiee yoais in Java. The bookcovei of Miguel Covardubias’ “Island of Bah” is anothei of the displays, arranged by Maltha Ann Avery and Betty Hegcle, undei the diiections of Miss Maiian Willoughby. Dean Dye To Talk At Home E( Banquet Dr. Mai le Dye, dean of the school of home economics at Michigan State College in East Lans'lng, Mich., will be the speakei at the annual foimal banquet of the Viiginia C. Meiedith Club on Tuesday evening, Apiil 19 at G o’cloclc. The dinnei is open to all University women and will be held in the Home Economics cafetena. Tickets pi iced at GO cents aie now available at all soi oi ity houses, women’s lesidence hall-, and the home economics ofOce Nina DeWitt, piesident ( f the Vnginia C. MeiediLh Club, is m chaige oJ the dinnei.
ARC
TODAY — TOMORROW Tony Martin and Leah Ray
Airport Dance Set For May 13 Evidencing the belief that Uni\eisity eels and co-eds are nonsuperstitious, a committee has scheduled the annual airport dance for Friday, May 13. To make room for dancing inside the hangai, all planes will be removed and lined up outside to simulate the dawn patrol. Pylons with revolving lights will be placed inside the airport on the dance flooi to add to the aeronautical background. Soft drinks and ice cieam will be seived cabaiet style, at tables dotting the apion of the hangai. Bridge Tournament To Begin Thursday vSlaiting at 7:.30 p.m. Thuisday, Apiil 13, the Union w'ill sponsoi a “team-of-foui ” contiact bridge touinament, w'hich will continue each Thursday thiough April 28. The winning team in the contest xvill be awarded a tiophy, and the individual pairs making the best aveiage scoie foi the senes will be given high score ceitificates. According to J. L. Born, director oJ the touinament, the method of icoiing to be used will give even the inexperienced playeis an oppoitunity to win one of the sevei-
al awai ds.
Those 111 chaige uige all student.s intei ested in contiact bridge lo entei this contest.
Religious Council Plans Easter Week Lecture Program Starting today, Palm Sunday, and lasting throughout Easter week, local church and religious oi ganizations will offer many and varied programs on the Easter
theme.
First M. E. Church will observe Palm Sunday with morning worship at 10:40 and evening service
at 7:30. Program for the mornin|±^team ti^sportation by
will include the choir singing Parker’s “Jerusalem” and “Hosanna in the Highest Places” by Gounod. Organ numbers will be “Stabat Mater Dolorose,” “Andante Cantabile,” and “Palm Branches.” The Wesley Players will present “The Terrible Meek” at the evening
sei'vice.
Protestant denominations will paiticipate in a communion service at the West Lafayette Baptist church at 2:30 p. m Palm Sunday, as pai t of the Purdue Religious Council’s Easter week
pi ogi am.
Sei vices w ill be held throughput the week from 4:15 to 4:30 in looms 1 and 2 of the Union. Progiam foi these services will be: Monday, slides telling the Easter stoiy; Tuesday, Miss Clare Coolidge, speaker; Wednesday, Pi of. 0. F. Hall; Thuisday, Di. Lawlence Hadley; Fiiday, Prof. Fiank
Hall
Thiity loices of the West Lafayette Baptist choir will sing Stainei’s Lenten cantata, “The Cl iicifixion,” tonight at 7:30. At the morning service Mrs. I. G. Price will sing “The Palms” with violin obligato by Woodiow Rifenburgh.
-and-
Silly Symphony Cartoon”
132
Vine St.
W. Lafayette
641
Main St.
Lafayette
Don’t forget about that Easter suit. Have it cleaned and pressed at the American. You will look and feel well dressed. Phone 3085 AMERICAN LAUNDRY
‘OM Maud/ Revolutionary Locomotive Cretxtion Of Muhlfeld, Former Student, Is Being Scrapped
By Jerry Torrence, Jr.
“Old Maud,” a locomotive designed by John E. Muhlfeld, of Scarsdale, N. Y., who attended the University mechanical engineering school from 1890 to 1892, is now being reduced to scrap steel in the Baltimore and Oho railroad shops in Cleveland, 0., according to a recent dispatch in the Indi-
anapolis News.
“Old Maud” revolutionized the
increas-
ing the tonnage whiph freight trains could haul. It caused engines of its type to double and eventually treble lengths of trains as well as increase their speeds. Holding the distinction of being the pioneei Mallet engine, a design which virtually made it two engines in one, it was the longest and most poweiful steam locomotive of the woild in 1904. Radical Design At the time of the engine’s con•^ti action, old mechanics and engineeis doubted the ability and efficiency of young Muhlfeld and also questioned the ladical departure of his design. Since that time Muhlfeld has become one of the nation’s leading lailroad figuies. “Old Maud” was exhibited at the St. Louis exposition in 1904. In 1927, B & 0 President Daniel Willaid dubbed the locomotive the “J. E. Muhlfeld.” Nearly all Am01 lean laili'oads now use the Mallet type of engine in long Height luns wheie much power is re-
quired.
Before attending the Universsity, Muhlfeld was graduated from the high school of his native town, Peru.
Director.
. . . of the Ouachita College Symphonic Choir, George D. Crawford, will present his vocalists in a concert at the First Baptist Church tomorrow evening at 7:30. The Arkansas group is making an extensive tour of the southern and north central states, visiting many educational centers and making several radio broadcasts.
LOVE’S A FONNY THING!
Amday, April 10, 1938
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Department Plans Mass polf. Horseshoe Meets Accoiding to an announcement |i om the intramural office, the an>ual spring intei fi aternity mass olf tournament and hoiseshoe urney will get undei way this eek Fraternities with fewei an 30 membeis must enter oneird of then membership while ose with a membership over 30 ust have at least one-fouith of eir membei s competing to enter e golf tournament In the mass horseshoes compeJtion fiateinities will hold separte tournaments, with the winner each fraternity receiving a gold redal from the intramural departent The winner in the golf tourament will receive a house tro>y, and medals will go to each liembei of the victorious team kada Chapters To Meet In ^inal Conference Session Completing a thiee-day confer■nee, 40 representatives of Acacia ateinities of the Big Ten Con01 ence will meet in a final session his moining Rushing, pledge training, “Hell veek” activities, financing, and scholarship occupied the major lart of the discussion at yestei lay’s meetings which were held n the Memoi lal Union Building J P Tayloi, junior mechanical, vds geneial chan man of the con
Golds Down Reds, 7-6, In Clinic Game Field demonstrations of the annual Purdue football clinic came to an end yesterday afternoon wrth a regulation game between two very evenly matched teams from the Boilermaker spring gridiron squad The Gold team managed to win the fracas, 7-6, on a touchdown run of 46 yards by DeWitt and a place krek by Lou Brock A hard driving Red eleven just couldn’t be held scoreless, and made a touchdown on the last play of the game on a smash from the Gold one and onehalf yard line by Bauchman A pass for the extra point was unsuccessful Brock Snags Pass Early in the contest both teams battled with apparently the same success, but near the close of the second quarter Lou Brock of the Golds made a leaprng catch of Jack Brown’s 30 yard bullet-like pass from the Gold 25-yard Irne On the next play DeWitt smashed off right tackle from the Red’s 45 jaid line behind some beautiful blocking and scored standing up Harry Clark, playrng right half tor the Red’s showed plenty of driving power and managed to mark up about six yards every time he carried the ball Over One Million . . . persons paid admission fees to visit Indiana state paiks duiing the 1937 season
TWO’S COMPANY BUT THREE’S A RIOT! Glamorous Gladys gives two rollicking Romeos the romantic run-aroundl
JOHH rOHH
IN
Starting TODAY umA
P Mem Get Newi
Nasty Weather Fails To Disrupt
Sports Editor As . i n, j r • /» ■ j /*!• ■ Banquet Speaker Auiiual Puroue Spriug Grid Clinic
In a statement issued yesterday morning, W P “Dutch” Fehring, secretary-treasurer of the International “P” Men’s Club, announced that William F Fox, the sports editors of the Indianapolis News, had been engaged to act as the principal speaker at the banquet which will mark the second annual meeting of the club, Friday, April 29, during Gala Week festivities Mihal Toastmaster Joe Mihal, co-cap tarn of next year’s varsity football team, will act as toastmaster during the affair A much better attendance IS expected this year, as invitations are being sent to all “P” Men About 120 attended the club’s first banquet, held during Gala Week last* year, during which Major J L Griffiths, Western Conference athletic commis sioner, spoke The local division of the international club, which is composed of all major letter men on the campus will hold its second meet mg of the year this Tuesday, in the faculty lounge of the Union Building At this time officers for next year will be elected and plans will be made for the part which the local club will play in Gala Week festivities; Purdye Engineers ... are co-operating with the Indiana state highway commission to forward the improvement of s-tate highways Pictures illustrating the present research projects may be found in the gravure section of this morning’s Star
What! Stanwyck and Marshall throwing pie? Yes—and you* ll love it!
Roughhouse romance inthe grand manner . . . when a hot-headed heiress de* cides to get her man!
Winding up its two-day program with an exhibition intrasquad football game, Purdue’s seventh annual football coaches’ clinic came to an end yesterday Over 250 high school and college coaches attended the gathering, pronounced by Purdue grid coach and clinic chairman, Mai
Elward, as the most successful of the series.
Said Mai yesterday, “I really
lielieve this has been the most successful clinic ever held here In spite of the nasty weather Friday, a very encouragrng number of coaches showed up. The program turned out to be well worth their while—even better than we
expected ”
Reck Opens Morning Gathering The morning session opened with a talk by Franklin M Reck, managing editor of the American Boy magazine, who addressed the group on the subject of “Six Man Football ” Frank “Tommy” Thomas, mentor of the Alabama football squad, whrch played in the Rose Bowl classic last January 1, gave a very practical talk on offense formations and practice
methods
Thomas stressed the importance of teaching one or two fundamental formations and perfecting them instead of tiying to use several Irick formations, the usual result of which IS that the squad does not learn any of them well He emphasized the impoitance of basic principles and fundamentals Ihioughout his talk Dorais Discusses Passing Following Thomas, Gus Doiais took the floor and gave a humorous and at the same time instruc five talk on his gridiron specraltv —the foiward pass Dorais, now grid coach at the University of Detroit, played football for Notre Dame from 1910 to 1914, duiing which time he and Knute Rockne, then a membei of the same team, used the forward pass for the first time with success One of the outstanding giidiion tilts of spoits history was the Notre Dame-Army game of 1913 The Army was rated as overwhelming favorite, but Gus Dorais tossing passes and Knute Rockne leceiving them, the Notie Dame team won, 35-13 Yesterday afternoon the clinic was concluded with an exhibition game, an account of which appears elsewhere in the columns.
Frosh Fencers Compete For Numerals, Medals The fr-eshman fencing tournament, started last Tuesday, has gotten well under way, as six men have competed so far in the meet The tournament has been °plit up into two divisions with 11 men entered in each one The first six men in each bracket will receive numerals, and the top men in each division will meet to decide first and second place The first and second place men will receive a gold and silver medal, respectively, from Silver Mask
fencing honorary
The tournament should be finished by next Monday or Tuesday All participants must plan to have their matches played off by
then
Farm Organizer School Takes Place In July Under the auspices of the Midwest state farm bureaus and the American Farm Bureau Federation, the annual Midwest Farm Bureau Training School will be held at the University fiom July 17 to 21 to provide training for workers in farm organization
-EXTRA
rhe Dionne Darlings
‘A Day With the Quintuplets”
wiin J +5 GLENDA WamELhX ERIC BLORE ETIENNE GIRARPOTl Now Showing
W B A A Programs
—Tomorrow — 11 00—Morning Melodies 11 50—Purdue News Flashes 12 00—Agricultural Forum 12 15—Spoits Review. 12 30—Luncheon Dance Time 12 45—Songs and Melodies 1 00—Can You Pronounce It’ 1 30—The Monitor Views the News 1 45—Market and Weather ReportsTHE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday, April 10, 19£
Wesley Foundation; Morning watch service will be held each morning of Passion Week at 7 :30 a. m. Everyone is welcome. Mrs. McFadden will lead the service Monday, April 11. —HENRY.
Pi Tau Sigma Pledges: Call for your ciirnot cycles at Phi Psi house any time after noon, Sunday, April 10. —CLUGSTON.
PIA Orchestra: Practice Sunday, April 10, at 2 p. m. in the tower room of the Union. — SHINN. Playshop Publicity: Publicity crew will meet every day next week at 4 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. (4-16) —JUILUARD.
Pi Tau Sigma: Get your plaques from me at 240 Cary Hall East. (4-16) —BELSLEY.
Camera Club: Will the following members please call for their membership cards which are at the west desk of the Union before 5 p. m. Tuesday, April 12 : Shonkwiler, Ludberg, and Lewis. —WILLIAMSON.
‘P’ Men Club: Meeting in faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building Tuesday, April 12, at 7:30 p. m. —POWELL.
PEW: Girls interested in a course for life saving examiners which will be conducted by Red Cross next week, April 11 to 16, should sign on bulletin board in the Women’s Gymnasium. —RUSSELL.
WAA Baseball: Tryouts will be held on Thursday, April 7 at 4 p. ra. in the Women’s Gym. The intramural tournament will start Monday, April 11. —MAIER.
Sophomore Exponent Co-eds: All sophomores are asked to spend at least one night a week in the east side Exponent office between now and elections. (4-10) —PYKE. Reamer Actives: All unsold reflectors and money for those sold must be turned in to me by Monday night, April 11. —MATTHEWS.
Exponent Sophomore Co-eds: Supper meeting Tuesday, April 12, at 6 :30 at the home of Sally McKee, 229 Fowler Avenue. Assignments for co-ed edition will be made. _ —PYKE.
Scrivener: Meeting Sunday, April 10, at 7 o’clock, at 204 S. Ninth St., in Lafayette. Bring manuscripts with you. —FELDMAN. Agriculturist: All students interested in a position on the Agriculturist staff for next year please obtain an application blank from some member of the editorial staff or at the office in the Union Build-
ing.
(4-12)
—KINGSLEY.
Virginia C. Meredith Club Executive Committee: Meeting in room 108 of the Home Economics Building at 4 p. m. Monday, April 11. —DE WITT
Cast “Of Thee I Sing’’: The cleaning bills for all clothes borrowed for wear in the show will bo paid by the production organization. Anyone who borrowed clothes must contact me by Monday, Aiiril 11. WOOD
Camera Club: Committe chairmen mei t with me in room F of the Union at 4 :30 p. m., Monday, April 11. —WILLIAMSON.
WSGA Office Committee: Report to the office Monday, April 11, at 4 p. m. —MASTERS. PIA Advanced Dance Class; Sixth lesson will be given Monday, April 11, at 7 :30 p. m. in the Union ballroom. —CLYMER
WAA: Council meeting Monday, April 11, at 4 p. m. in the WAA office. All new members must be present. —MERRI’TT. Reamer Club: Please meet in room A of the Union at 8 p m. Monday, April 11. —ROSS.
Purdue Badminton Cluh: Important meeting for all members and enthusiasts Thursday, April 14, at 8 p. m. Watch the notioe column for the place. —GOLDSTEIN.
Local Ads
FOR SALE—Radio. Eight tube Majestic, table model. Excellent condition. Telephone 66863.
The Week's NEWS
(Continued from page 1) letters of disapproval poured into Washington by the thousand. Friday, with another Administration victory appearing almost certain, sudden defeat came. Republicans joined insurgent Democrats, booed down a proposed “vote of confidence,” and sent the President’s pet bill back to committee by a 204-196 vote. Thus Administration leaders suffered the strongest blow since killing of last fall’s court-packing proposal. News of the bill’s defeat brought buying orders into the stock market—prices moved up in active trading.
Ways and means of priming the business pump in an effort to halt Recession were the prime considerations at the Nation’s Capitol this week. Already, plans are laid for boosting, possibly by half, Roosevelt’s billion dollar estimate for work relief during the next fiscal year. Senators released some of the pressure on corporations by passing the new ,|5,300,000,000 tax bill to repeal levies on corpoi'ate undistributed profits, and modify capital gains assessments. More millions will be poured into home construction by the Federal Housing Administration . . . railroad men are meeting with the President tomorrow to plan emergency aid for the carriers. Roosevelt will discuss most of these proposed relief measures in his Tuesday speech.
Income taxes of last year have brought the federal government higher actual income than at any time in two decades. Receipts passed the two billion mark, nearly twice as much as was received last year.
Still unsettled is the TVA fight siarted more than a month ago. Appointed to a joint committee of investigation are five senators and five representatives. Republican senators Borah, Idaho, and McNary, Oi'e., flatly declined to accept appointments on grounds that the committee was too large to accomplish anything. So, TVA, minus Chairman Morgan (ousted two weeks ago) continues as a subject of legislative controversy.
Business American and British oil companies engaged in a little game of checkers with the Mexican government this week. From all indications the oil companies will lose, no matter how they move. After seizing oil company holdings, value at $400,000,000, Mexico’s President Lazaro Cardenas announce^ Thursday indemnification would depend on the amount
of his country’s oil exports: 20 per cent of the revenues from the sales abroad would go toward paying for the property. At best the companies can hope only to be paid for their property. If government operation succeeds the companies indirectly will receive the privilege of paying themselves for their own property. If government operation fails, the companies will suffer heavy losses.
United Automobile Workers Union ran into trouble Monday at the Briggs Manufacturing Company plant in Detroit, but the company was not involved this time. A large number of the employees refused to pay their dues so the UAW “flying squadron” staged a collecting drive at the plant’s gate and denied admittance to several of the 800 members who refused to pay up. Under a ruling handed down Wednesday by®the National Labor Relations Board, an employer’s refusal to sign a contract with a union constitutes a violation of the Wagner Labor Act. Inland Steel Co., Chicago, was ordered to bargain with the Steel Workers Organizing Committee, and to sign a contract with the union, if an agreement is reached.
Foreign In and out twice as French premier since June 4, 1936, was the record made Friday by Leon Blum when the French senate forced him to resign. President Albei’t LeBrun invited Edouard Daladier, minister of defense since 1936, to form the new government—the 105th since the creation of the Third French Republic in 1871. The senate voted 223 to 49 against Blum’s bill to rehabilitate France’s financial and national defense programs. Against any tax increase—necessary to decrease the $40,000,000,000 franc debt— the senate killed the bill without a discussion. Remembering that Adolf Hitler annexed Austria while France was trying to set up a govei nment a month ago, Daladier, president of the Radical-Socialist party, says he will select a new ministry as quickly as possible. Fifty-five thousand woi'kers in France’s many airplane factories went on a sit-down strike early this week, paralyzing the entire industry. Members of the Blum party claim Radical-Socialists perpetrated the strikes.
Austrians will go to the polls today to vote on a union with Germany. As Hitler arrived in Vienna yesterday to deliver his preplebiscite speech, 25,000 carrier pigeons bearing patriotic messages were released to 1,000 German cities. Most Jews remained in their homes praying while nonSemitics lined the streets of Vienna to shout “Heil Hitler.”
President Roosevelt and President Quezon of the Phillippines agreed early this week to postpone Philippine economic inde-
pendence until 1960. However, the islands will receive their political independence July 4, 1946. State department officials say complete insular freedom might shock Philippine economy too much. War Spanish government forces were crumbling befoi'e a fresh insurgent diive to the Mediterranean sea Thursday. Rebel Generals Mascardo and Solchaga cut off Vallibona, 22 miles from the coast and seized Tremp, electi'ical supply center for the province of Catalonia. In their march to the sea rebel forces captured or destroyed eight government divisions and six biigades. Loyalist losses since March 9 amount to 7,554 killed and 18,312 captured. Material captured by rebel forces includes 74 heavy guns, 29 tanks, 235 machine guns, 57 trucks, 14,874 rifles, and 12,000,000 rounds of ammunition. Generalissimo Francisco Franco will deliver an ultimatum to the
government demanding uncoH tional surrender, he announced Wednesday. If his demands are? met, he will attack Barcelona wi every agency of war at his mand. Insurgents continued their a tillery attack on Tortosa this we, menacing the Valencia-Madr highway, sole remaining arteij of communication between the t great loyalist cities, Madrid a Barcelona. Thousands of refuge streamed into Barcelona and ot er coastal cities as rebel pressu on inland cities became qreatfj
Conflicting reports came out China all this week concerning t fighting around Taierchwang. Early in the week Japane; news sources said 100,000 Chinei troops were in full flight—that t city was due to fall at any tim' Yesterday Chinese soldiers r Japanese forces at the end two-day fight. About 20,000 Chj nese troops were slain in the d, fense of Taierchwang . . . the Ja]| anese lost 7,000.
• Purdue Expoi
uentl
Service
J
Directory
• Bookstores
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER SOUTHWORTH'S Everything for the Purdue Student • Professional The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
4th (Sc Main
Phone 5701
Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAY J. SPEHB HDW. 822 MAIN • Beayty Studio • EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • Co-ed Special, Thurs - Fri. KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727
• Auto Reeitai RENT A CAR Drive It Yourself THAYER'S GARAGE Across from Methodist Churr WEST LAFAYETTE Phone 51784 • Locksmith F. los. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths Automobile key and lock service onr specialty. L. C. N. Door Closer Distributors 208-211 N 5th St, Phone 2828
• Printing
□
P
RINTING
SUDDEN SERVICE
Office Stationery . Wedding Invitations
PHONE ' Sales Books, Etc. 2 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408 FERRY
• Florist
^Jth J'hii&i Inc. 635 Main St. in Luna Theatre Buildingr Phone 7955—8050
• Dine
Have Your BEST MEAL at the NU CHINA CAFE 409 Columbia