TheWsak’s NEWS
NATIONAL Louis E. Kunkel . . . . . . resigned yesterday as warden of the Indiana State Prison after five years’ service in that position. His tenure of office had been marked by the escape of 70 convicts and four major prison breaks. Only last Monday night four long-term prisoners hid in a freight car and made flight from that institution. His successor, Alfred F. Dowd, of New Albany, will take over the wardenship May 16. Dowd has a 30 year record as a penologist, during 15 of which he acted as state parole agent. Fourteen state troopers recaptured all four of Monday’s escaped convicts late the following night as they walked down a railroad track near Mahomet, 111. Lawrin . . . . . . Dauber, and Can’t Wait finished, one, two, and three in the annual Kentucky Derby classic yesterday afternoon from a field of 10 of the cream of the country’s three-year-olds — smallest starting group since 1918. Ex-favorite entry Stagehand caused a commotion in racing circles Thursday by cantracting a sore throat and fever which kept him from running yesterday at Churchill Downs. Indiana . . . . . . voters cast primary ballots Tuesday taxing many county election facilities with heavy voting caused by unprecendented warm weather. Orderly balloting continued throughout the day, as Democrats and Republicans selected their nominees. Malignant . . . ... in the retinas of Helaine Judith Colan’s eyes this week confronted the parents of the 6-weeks old Chicago infant with the problem of choosing between removal of the eyes and almost sure death from the cancerous growth. Doctors urge removal by operation, offering a 60-60 chance for life, while the child’s parents have decided to “let nature take its course and leave the baby’s face to the mercy of God.” WASHINGTON Telegraphing . . . . . . Washington just before he left Charleston, S. C., on his fishing trip last week, the President practically demanded action on the Wage-Hour Bill. The House rules committee had previously shelved the measure by an 8 to 6 vote. Action came this Friday in the form of a petition to f(^rce a vote on the wage-hour question. More than 188 Representatives signed the paper in the first hour’s rush. The full 218 signatures necessary to bring a vote were secured with(Contiiaued on page 4)
• the Purdue Exponent
SUNDAY
May 8, 1938
Lafayette, Indiana
VOL. 49
No. 174
Dean Matthews Will Talk Today For YWCA Convo Professor Mary L. Matthews, Dean of the University home economics school, will talk on “Evaluation” at the annual YWCA sponsored Mothers’ Day convocation in Eliza Fowler Hall at 9:30 this morning. Under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, the University Choir will present two numbers, “Cast Thy Burdens Upon the Lord” and the anthem “Open Our Eyes.” Dorothy Bryant, HE ’38, will give the meditation, and Dorothy Coan, HE ’38, chairman of the YWCA philosophy and religion committee, will introduce Dean Matthews. Short Program George Osborn, regular organist for the religious convocations, will be at the console of the University’s Hammond electric organ. Both co-eds and eds are invited to attend and bring their mothers, emphasized Dorothy Coan last night. The convocation will last approximately 46 minutes, giving those who wish to attend their regular church services an opportunity to do so. Running On A Fast... . . . . track yesterday afternoon, Lawrin, a 9-1 favorite at the start, outran nine other three year-old thoroughbreds by five lengths to win the 64th Kentucky Derby in 2:04 4-5. Dauber ran second. Can’t Wait, third; and Menow, fourth.
Stewart Speaks To 600 Mothers; Crowd Overflows Ballroom For Sing
Daredevil Rhinies Daub Numerals On Power Plant Stack Who painted the “41” on the smokestack ? How did they get up there to do it? That’s what workers at the University physical plant would like to know. Sometime during the wee hours yesterday morning several frosh gained the heights of the temporary scaffolding to adorn the University smokestack with their class numerals. The five-foot numbers were painted in white lead, much to the dismay of the workmen who were required to remove them from the stack. Visifing Mothers Breakfast today Breakfast for visiting mothers will be served at 8:30 this morning in the faculty lounge of the Union Building, Mrs. O. F. Hall, chairman of the committee in charge, announced yesterday. Miss Clare Coolidge, faculty sponsor of YWCA, the organization arranging the affair in conjunction with the Mothers’ Association, will give a short talk. Music will be played during the breakfast, which will close in time for the religious convo at 9:30, Mrs. Hall explained.
Controller Tells What Purdue Does For Students More than 500 mothers, accompanied by sons and daughters, heard Controller R. B. Stewart tell what Purdue is doing for its students, met campus officials and the members of the Mothers’ executive committee, and then watched a fashion show of 25 years ago at the Mothers’ luncheon yesterday in the Union ballroom. Union president, Tom Sheets, presided at the luncheon and Lorna McLeod, co-ed executive, made the official welcome. “Purdue’s main purpose is the increase of the intellectual, moral and physical -caliber of the students,” said Controller Stewart in
More than 650 mothers registered in the University Mothers’ Day Exercises, before five o’clock yesterday afternoon.
Band MascoVs Pony Unwillingly Becomes Guest Of Cary Hall Boys
By A1 Yates “Come on Barney!” yelled Bob Lanum to the Shetland pony mascot of the Frankfort High band, as he tried to pull the pony into Cary Hall.~The Hall boys spotted Barney on the walk before the building and immediately conceived the novelty of bringing him into the hall. After much inducement the animal finally gave in and climbed up the stairs paraded up ^nd down the first floor corridor and even entered some student rooms. After 10 minutes of Hall life, Barney left willingly to return to his routine work of carrying little Patsy Aughe as mascot for the Frankfort Band. Tiny Baton Twirler Among the other mascots was tiny Beverly Ann Stormont, who was dressed in duplication of the
head drum major, handling a diminutive baton like an expert. Three drum majors of the weaker sex cannot be overlooked. One girl dressed in white breeches led, unaided, the Huntingburg band, while another girl uniformed in satin accompanied the Brazil drum major. Verna Graves, Tell City, attired in red, placed in the second division of the baton twirling contest, although she did not lead a band. National At Elkhart Four thousand persons witnessed the marching and parading contest as Jeff of Lafayette took proud possession of the sweepstakes trophy for the second consecutive time. Winners of the Lafayette competition will journey to Elkhart in two weeks to enter the national regional contest.
his talk. “Students spend approximately eight out of 24 hours in classroom work and study, and eight in sleeping. Some of us think that the remaining ,eight are the most important,” he said. New And Old Compared A comparison by Mrs. 0. P. Hall, of the Mothers’ Association, of the weight of school clothes worn in the fashion show of co-eds of a quarter century ago showed that the mothers had worn nearly seven pounds of clothing, as the coeds today face the weather in only two pounds. The climax of the show was another comparison, of a dance then and now. The modern couple, Virginia Royce and John Richardson, demonstrated the approved cheek-to-cheek style of dancing today. Marilou Van Bergen and Grant Van Buskirk arrived with their dancing shoes in the necessary slipper bags (which were actual pt-om favors given by Acacia and Theta Xi fraternities many years ago). As they waltzed ?ibout they kept the proper distance of 18 inches.
The Weather
Forecast for Indiana: Rain and cooler today. Yesterday's Temperature; High 71; low, 50; mean, 60.6.
Pi Phi's, Phi PsI's Win; Louise Bain Crowned Mothers, fathers, and the friends of Purdue students overflowed the Union ballroom last night as the Pi Beta Phi sorority and the Phi Kappa Psi fraternity won the interfraternity Sing held in the ballroom instead of on the Oval as previously planned. People in the lounges, the grill, and the sweet shop heard the Greeks by means of a public address system. Singing “Beside th(e Pi Beta Phi House” and “My Pi Phi Girl” the Pi Phi’s won over the Alpha Xi Delta sorority, which ^placed second in that division. Kappa Kappa Gamma and Kappa Alpha Theta placed third and fourth repectively. In the fraternity division Phi Kappa Psi, Sigma Alpha Mu, Delta Upsilon, and Sigma Chi placed in the order named. The Phi Psi’s sang the “Stein Song” and “Once More We Sing Together.” Men Too Apt To Croon “Girls, by and large, are the better musicians than the men. They sing with greatei’ care, and with better attention to detail . . . the men are too apt to cut their phrases short, and ‘croon’ rather than sing,” commented the judges follpwing the program. Albert P. Stewart commented that the sings are getting better and better; and that this sing was the best ever. Union vice president Ted Cabonargi was in charge of the sing, and introduced the groups. Interrupting the continuity of the program. Union president F. Thomas Sheets, crowned Louise Bain, the May Queen. Miss Bain wore a white gown and a trail of lace. Band Will Play At Picnic Tomorrow Under the direction of Professor P. S. Emrick, the University military band will present.^ specially arranged program at the meeting of the University Club tomorrow afternoon at 4:30. The meeting will be in the form of a picnic at the residence of Controller and Mrs. R. B. Stewart in Westwood, and will be the last University Club meeting of the present academic year.r
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday/ May 8, 1938
Faculty Cooperation... . . . can go a long way towaid making a success of Fraternity Week plans approved this week by the Fraternity President’s Council. More essential than to the actual operation of the week’s activities, however, will be the helping hand of the teaching staff in maintaining scholarship standards for the men who participate in the program. For many years “Hell Week” has been wiutten on University yellow slips as the reason for the delinquency of a number of freshmen. That old institution of fraternity barbaiism was not given full credit for its contributions to delinquency, however, since some of the younger instructors were still too closely bound by fraternity ties to discredit the Greek organizations on this score . . . loo, pledges were sometimes reluctant to tel the real cause of their poor work. About 10 years ago, fraternities and faculty tried to woik out an arrangement whereby all Hell Weeks were to be held within a certain seven-day peiiod, during which no tests would be given. This plan failed partly because the fraternities could not reach an agreement on the week for conducting the pre-initiation activities. Now that all the groups are agrded on the date and on methods of procedure—as indicated by the unanimous approval of the presidents in ratifying the Council amendment on Fraternity Week and by statements of several presidents—we think the faculty might reconsider the policy of excluding tests from school work during that week. Considerateness on this point would reduce the mental and physical strain on pledges during the period and no doubt would help to bring up the average scholarship index of the group. Fraternity Week, as proposed by the President’s Council, will replace the former Hell Week activities with a more constructive and educational program. A similar scheme was initiated at the University of Minnesota last spring, and its success is attested by Interfraternity Council President James Lund, who writes concerning this year’s plans: “At this time (Fraternity Week) we are having a group of national officers, representing each of the 26 academic fraternities on the campus, come here and help us discuss the general topic of Fraternity Responsibility. There will be a series of meetings at which this will be discussed, and all pledges will be required to attend. In this way the pledges will get a better idea of fraternity life and ideals. Last year our Fraternity Week worked very well, and promises, this year, to be better still.”
Musicale Features Campus Dance Group Over 600 peisons attended the annual Mothers’ Day Musicale at 3:30 yesteiday afternoon m the balboom. The Purdue Concert Orchestra opened with three selections followed with two vocal solos by Mai’ge Stairett. Miss Helen Knight directed the modern dance group in its presentation of “Americana Theme and Variation Dancing” including folk, valse, spiritual, and ragtime numbers. Eva Robertson played “Songs My Mother Taught Me” and “Mother Machree” as violin solos. The Men’s Glee Club sang “De Animals Aie Coming,” “Sylvia,” and “On the Sea.” Mrs. Stewart accompanied by the glee club, sang “The Italian Street Song,” and the Glee Club concluded the musicale with “Thanks Be to God” accompanied by the Concert Orchestra,
League Results
NATIONAL LEAGUE Yesterday’s Results Chicago, 5; Boston, 4. New York, 6; Pittsburgh, 5. Brooklyn, 7; Cincinnati, 4. Philadelphia-St. Louis (rain). AMERICAN LEAGUE Washington, 5; Chicago 4. Cleveland, 4; Philadelphia, 2. New Yoik, 12; Detroit, 8. Boston, 7; St. Louis, 2.
B. and B.
IT IS RUMORED . . . . . . that Peg “Engineering Girl” Little was running a Chemistry experiment on hbrself last Friday night. We understand that she was trying to find—or should we say, did find her saturation point. BY ALL REPORTS . . . . . . the experiment was a complete success. Incidently Peg, wasn’t it LAST year that you took Chemistry ? PURDUE BRUNETTS ... Here’s to the Purdue Brunett Who’s out for all she can get. But the poor thing’s soon halted Because the boy’s money falted. So her outlook on life’s all wet. NUFF’S ENUFF . . . The Alphaky’s love life has been nipped in the bud, or, should we .=ay, in full bloom. The house mother called a meeting of the amorous sisters and stated, “This affectionate lounging has got to stop.” It means back to the airport, girls, RIBALD REVELRY REIGNS . . . . . at Ideal Beach. Better than half the crowds at this resort were composed of Pm due students. Ammong the notables present was Treva Berry dressed in THAT
SHEDBFJESrH£LAW 1 OF THE. XUN6LE. FOR A fl
THE FiUST JUNGLE PiaURE EVER FILMED IN TECHNICOLOR
Hear Dorothy lamour sing "Lovelight in thn Starlight" and "Coffee and Kis>et"
Now Showing
simple, little frock, and THAT simple, little smile; Bill Harper, without his hoe, but with Treva; uu q:}iAV ‘:^J8ddn?j Beach, non-resisting lass; Bill Smith, casting his ill-gotten gains to the winds and Ruth Hall, IN THE SPOTLIGHT . . . . . . were none other than those suave personalities of our Union vice-prexies Matthews, Milholland and Jacobson with cheery hellos to their friends and come-hither glancesN^to the fairest maidens. Their friends responded but the maidens didn’t. As a matter of fact one maid didn’t respond to six of Millholland’s most persuasive efforts. She wasn’t a co-ed. PURBLIND ED . . . “I’d go through anything for you.” LOUISE SMITH . . . “Fine. Let’s start with your bank roll.” WE DEDICATE . . . “Mama Don’t Allow It” to the Alfa Kys. “The Donkey Serenade” to the
Transfers Arrive For Military Staff Orders from the United States Army Headquarters, although not received at the University, translered Capt. David Larr, Field Artillery, Fort Sill, Oka., to the University Military Staff. Two members of the present staff have received their transfer papers from army headquarters. Majdr G. 0. Kurtz will be at the War College in Washington, D. C. for the coming year. Major Kurtz came to the University staff two years ago and will leave for Washington the first of August. Capt. W. L. Kay will be transfered to F'ort Knox, Ky., as assistant to the post quartermaster.
Inter-Fraternity Singers. “I Know Now” to Finkelstein. “We’re Working Our Way Thru College” to the Prom Committee. “She’s Tall, She’s Tan, She’s Terrific” to Betty Elstun.
the sun and the sea are inviting youx
dccept^ Ut CL mSAO'
LASTEX AND WOOL
Like magic! Jantzen’s marvelous new Lastex Wisp-o-weight fabric smoothes unruly curves, slim-lines your figure. And does it all so comfortably! You’ll delight in the amazing lightness, thistledown softness. Truly a wisp of weight with pounds of figure control. Chic, colorful suits designed to give you the greatest swimming pleasure you’ve ever known. They have a nice way of drying quickly. Try on a smart Jantzen Lastex Wisp-o-tveight of luxurious wool with Lastex yarn knitted in by an exclusive Jantzen process. These new 1938 suits will be on display May 10 at^— DECKER’S 518-20 MainSimday, May 8, 1938
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Boilermakers Win, 7-4; Bredewater Fans 13
Trackmen Trail Pittsburgh In Quadrangular Meet; Minnesota in Third; Wildcast Last
With Bob Leraen leading the [way by taking first places in the 120 yard high hurdles and the 220 yard low hurdles, Purdue nosed out Minnesota for second ^place in the quadrangular track and field meet at Northwestern yesterday with Pittsburgh, Northwestern, Minnesota, and Purdue ^taking part. Pitt’s 61 1-12 points was good enough for first, with the Boilermakers getting 41 1-3, Minnesota 39 1-4, and Northwestern 21 1-3 ^The final race of the afternoon, the one mile relay, provided the winning margin for Purdue when the team took second behind Pitts-
ARC
Based on "Toomoi of the Elephants" by RiWiio kipuhg
— also —
i C O L U mT 1 A P1C T U R f
burgh, while the Gophers came in last. Woodruff Wins Johnny Woodruff, Pitt’s Olympic 800 meter champion, ran true to form in winning his specialty, the half mile run, and also added the mile run to his string of victories. Alden Knapp and Art Bodeau, both of Purdue, trailed Woodruff in that order in the mile run, and Bodeau, Gaulke, and Douglas followed Woodruff to the tape in the half-mile for other Boilermaker points. DeLong won the only other first place for Purdue, by leading the field in the 100 yard dash, with Mason taking third. Other Boilermaker points were garnered by Luther with a fourth place in the 440 yard run, Gutting with a second in the J.20 yard high hurdles, Knapp with a second in the twomile run, Delong, getting fourth in the 220, yard dash, and Shideler getting fourth in the 220 yard low hurdles. The only Purdue points in the field events were from Currans’ thud in the javelin, Wiley’s fourth in the discus, and Horton’s tie for fourth in the pole vault. Four Talking ... . , . pictures, “Plant Roots,” “Volcanoes in Action,” “Exploring the Universe,” and “Catalysis” will be shown at 4 o’clock, on Tuesday and Wednesday afternoons in room 101 of Michael Golden Shops.
Ward Trackmen Compete In 14 Events Tomorrow A 14-event ward track meet will be held Tuesday afternoon at the intramural field starting at 4:10. Instead of spreading the meet out over two days as the Greek meets are run off, the intramural department will complete this meet in one day. Members of the winning team will receive medals, as will any individual who collects five points. Points will be counted as follows: first place, five points; second place, three points; third place, two points; and fourth place one point. Events in the meet include: 100 yard dash, one mile run, 220 yard dash, 120 yard high hurdles, 440 yard run, two mile run, 220 yard low hurdles, half mile, pole vault, high jump, javelin, shot put, discus, and broad jump. On the heels of this ward track meet will come the ward golf and tennis tournaments. Entry blanks for these are now posted at the intramural office.
BASEBALL
—T omorr ow— Diamond 1— Sigma Nu vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. 2— Beta Theta Pi vs. Kappa Sigma. 4— Triangle vs. Phi Kappa. 5— Sigma Phi Epsilon ys. Alpha Gamma Rho. 6— Beta Sigma Psi vs Theta Tau. 7— Theta Xi vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. 8— Kappa Delta Rho vs. Sigma Chi. 10—Cary Hall 4 vs. Cary Hall 5.
tm ad&mfym
IIVED.
Philandering and gambling and battling his way around the world...to win the fairest princess of Golden China
CfcBYCWPER
rm
Introducing '^SIGRID Screen DItcovery from Norway
Starts TODAY
—^PLUS— PETE SMITH NOVELTY
Mackiewicz Drives Out Home Run, Two Singles; Maroons Make Only Five Hits Arnold Bredewater pitched masterful baseball yesterday afternoon despite a continuous rainfall as his teammates backed him up with three big innings in which they scored all their runs to down the University of Chicago 7-4. Bredewater fanned 13 men while holding the Maroons to five hits, one an eighth inning home run by Sivesand with none on. Amundson, who started for Chicago, was replaced in the seventh inning by Burke, after allowing the Boilermakers seven runs and nine hits in six innings.
Chicago started off in the first
inning by nicking Bredewater for two hits, which, along with two errors, gave Chicago two runs. After that Arnold had the situation well in hand, allowing the visitors to score in the seventh on two errors and in the eighth on a home run. i In’^the Purdue half of the first inning Hearne led off with a onebase blow to left. Dean flied out, and Stamm forced Hearne. Mackiewicz, the cleanup man, smacked a long home run into deep right field scoring Stamm ahead of him to tie the scoie. Again in the thud inning the Boilermakers made two runs to take a 4-2 lead, and stayed in front for the remainder of the contest. Dean was hit by a pitched ball, Stamm sacrificed, Mackiewicz hit a single, sending Dean to third and going to second on the throwin. Dean came in on an error, and Dickinson laid down a perfect bunt to squeeze Mackiewicz home and beat the throw to first. The same part of the batting order furnished the Boilermakers
with three runs in the fifth inning. Stamm drove a hit into right field which caromed off the right fielder’s head and bounced toward center field for a double. Shepherd, the right fielders was forced to leave the game. Amundson got past Mackiewicz, who fouled out, but walked Dickinson. Thompson poked a long single into left field, Stamm scoring and Dickinson going to third. Thompson took second on the throw-in. Dickinson and Thompson scored the last of the Boilei maker runs as Waling singled to center. Mackiewicz led the Boilermakers with three hits in four times at bat, one being a home run. Hearne and Dickinson each garnered two hits. Waling’s single and Mackiewicz’s homer each accounted for two runs, while Dickinson and Thompson each drove
in one.
Bredewater allowed only one earned run, bringing his total for the season to three earned runs in 33 innings of conference baseball. Chicago 200 000 110—4 5 2 Purdue 202 030 OOx—7 10 4
Siarting TODAY m
Double Feature Allan Lane Heather Angel
“THE DUKE COMES BACK”\
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday, May 8, 1938
Lutheran Student Club: Meeting in reception room Sunday, May 8, at 7 :30. —BRANDT.
WAA Badminton: Following games to be played Monday, May 9 lat 4 p. m. Rennik vs. Beaudi'y, Shaffer vs. Mernt, Walker vs. Morris, Harlan vs. Schroder. Games at 4 :30 p. m.: Berry vs. Clymer : Smith vs Thomas.
—CAMPBELL.
The Week’s NEWS
Reamer Club: Important meeting Monday, May 9 at 8 p. m. in room A of the Union. Every member is required to at-
tend.
—ROSS4 Scriveners: Meeting at 7 :30 p. m. Sunday, May 8, at 126 West Lutz Ave. The pledging ceremony will be held. —JUSTIN, University Choir: Report at Fowler Hall Sunday, May 8, at 9 a. m. —CODDINGHAM.
COOL ROOMS—Near campus. Summer rates. Phone 3210.
FOR RENT—Cool rooms with single beds. Continuous hot water. 5 Waldron. Telephone 2671.
THREE NICE ROOMS — For summer session. Prices reasonable. Phone Mrs. Cassady, 2904.
EXCELLENT ROOMS — And board for men. Adequate showers. Mrs. Dray, 40 N. Salisbury. Call 2670.
TYPEWRITERS— Adding machines, sold, rented, purchased, and repaire^. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. P'. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Dairy Club To Hear H. J. Reed Tuesday Professor H. J. Reed, assistant director of the Agricultural Experiment Station, will tell of the “Set-Up and Development of the Agricultural Experiment Station” at the regular meeting of the Dairy Club in Smith Hall at 7:30 Tuesday evening. At the meeting, plans will be discussed for the Dairy Club picnic, which is scheduled for Saturday, May'14. The picnic will begin at 2 o’clock and will feature a softball game between seniors and members of the faculty. Golfers Defeat Hoosiers, 12-9 Coach Bixler’s golfers defeated the Indiana squad 12-9 yesterday in a meet which ended in the rain. In the morning matches Baske and Anderson of Purdue defeated Mueller and Seward of Indiana, 3-0, while Freese and David of Purdue downed Cisco and Beaver of Indiana 3-0 for a clean sweep in the doubles. Indiana picked up in the singles. Anderson, Freese, and Peterson were the Boilermakers victors in the singles matches.
(Continued from page 1) in less than three hours after the petition was filed. Grumbling . . . . . . congressional leaders now complain that chances for early adjournment are doubtful. Leaders of the wage-hour bloc threatened to keep Congress in session until July, if necessary, to pass the bill. Earliest possible date for considering the measure is May
23.
Senators . . . . . . gave approval Thursday of President Roosevelt’s $1,155,000,000 naval expansion program, designed to give the United States its largest navy in history. Passed 56 to 28, the bill authorizes, but does not appropriate, the money for 46 additional combat ships, 26 naval auxiliaries, and 950 airplanes. This document must go to conference with a House committee for discussion of various Senate amendments before further action is taken. Government Aid . . . .. . for railroads received the sanction of the Senate banking committee Thursday. Loans will be made for equipment and maintenance. Former President... Herbert Hoover said Thursday night the nation is traveling a “dangerous road” which leads to fascism. Speaking before a “grass roots” convention of Oklahoma Republicans, he charged that “despite every alibi, this depression is the direct result” of proceeding of the Roosevelt administra^■ tion. In his speech, broadcast over the Columbia System, Hoover outlined an 11-point program which he says is necessary to “re-establish faith that ours is going to continue as a system of free men and private enterprise.” BUSINESS William S. Knudsen ... . . . president of General Motors Coroporation, attacked the Wagner Labor Act Monday as “the greatest drawback to good industrial relations.” Speaking in Washington before the United States Chamber of Commerce, Knudson said the act makes no pretense of paying the least attention to the employer’s side of the case. Reports . . . . . . this week that the French franc might possibly be revalued brought a spurt in gold shares. Traders evidently believe the metal will command a higher price at least in France. Both . . . . . . the Association of American Railroads and the Interstate Com-
merce Commission came to the conclusion Tuesday that the railroad crisis was serious, but an agreement was reached on a solution other than an increase in revenue traffic. Speaking for the railroads, R. V. Fletcher, vice-president of the AAR, asked for a re’vision of the interstate commerce act to permit railroads to fix shipping rates. Fire . . . . . . caused considerable damage Tuesday to the Roxana refinery of the Shell Petroleum plant in Edwardsville, 111. Several persons were killed and losses — chiefly from the destruction of expensive pumps and other equipment— mounted to $750,000. Philip G. Phillips . . . . . . regional director of the National Labor Relations Board, filed a motion Monday in Cincinnati for the withdrawal of the NLRB order against the Ford Motor Com-
pany.
The Ford organization had been ordered to stop discriminating against labor unions. WAR Chinese Troops . . . . . . drove three lines around Tancheng, strategic city 20 miles to the north of the Lunghai railway, Monday. Although Japanese aviators dropped a steady stream of bombs on the attackers, foreign observers openly expressed the opinion Japan was facing her second decisive defeat in Shantung province. Nipponese forces, sent into the international settlement of Shanghai to “keep order” after Chinese terrorists had thrown a bomb into a crowded street were driven from the zone Monday by British Seaforth Highlanders. Brigadier General Telfer-Smollett, English com-mander-in-chief, dispatched his m.en into the ai’ea with instructions not to leave until all of the Japanese soldiery had withdrawn. Japanese officers quickly ordered their men to retreat. After the Nipponese had gone the Highlanders retired. Peiping’s gates were closed Friday as Chinese irregulars opened operations near the city. Japanese planes bombed objectives only a few miles west of the gates and Japanese police searched houses for guerrillas who were supposed to have slipped inside the walls. Peddlers’ hands were imprinted with a rubber..stamp, and only the ones so marked were allowed to leave the city. Rain Stalled ... . . . Spanish war activities this week. Rebel General Franco refrained from ordeiiing his troops into action on the Catalonian front. Meanv^hile, I^ioyalist leaders provided their men Vith large quantities of brandy to protect them from the cold drizzle. Loyalist troops, resuming activities in Southwest Spain for the first time in 10 months, poured down from the Chimorra mountains on two important Rebel positions. After a fierce battle lasting five hours, the attack was broken
and the Loyalists retired to their former position. Wednesday the Rebel cabinet reinstated the Roman Catholic Jesuit order in Rebel Spain. The decree annulled a law passed by the Loyalist government January 23^ 1932, dissolving the organization and ordering its properties confiscated. Fourteen persons were killed and 30 injured Thursday, as Rebel flyers bombed Valencia. The French ship Djem, anchored in the harbor, was set afire in the attack, but not seriously damaged. FOREIGN Flags Waved . . . . . . soldiers marched, crowds applauded, and the band played the Nazi Horst Wessel song this week as Adolf Hitler visited Mussolini, but Der Fuherer neither bowed to the hand clappers nor stretched his hand in salute to the Nazi hymn. Unceasing efforts to put on a big show for the German dictator during Hitler Week, did not
stop two Italian jokesters iri Florence from having their fun. While watching excavations preparin for Hitler’s reception, one of th men asked the other, “What are] they digging for?” “They’re trying to find the Ber lin-Rome axis,” was the quick re-| ply. ^ No startling developments arej predicted to arise from the Hitler] visit. A possible peaceful solutio: is exepcted, however, for German] minority trouble in Czechoslovak ia and the soothing of Italian-Ger man differences over the recen Anglo-Italian accord. Speaking . .. . . . before the U. S. Chamber of] Commerce Wednesday, Secretary of War Harry Woodring warned Japan, Italy, and Germany that ii the dictator nations push democratic countries too far there will be war. Commenting on Woodring’s statement, a front page editorial in a semi-official Italian government paper said the United States is taking the aggressive for war.
• the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
e g@®k8f@res
e Ay to Rental
"DEAC" Everything for a College Educcrtion RaREISNEB SOUTHWORTH'S Everything for the Purdue Student • Prefesslowal The Risk Dental Chnic
DB. PAUL A. B!SB DS. EABOLU 3. BISK DB. BOBBBf G. BISK DB. LUTHSS A. mSK
BENT A CAR Drive It Yourself THAYER'S GARAGE Across from Methodist Church WEST LAFAYETTE Phone 51784
Dine
4th & Mcdn
e Printing
Phone 5701
kRINTING
SUDDEN SERVICE
m Office Stallonery . B Wedding InvlUllons PHONE ” 2 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408FERRy
e Loeksmith
Have Your . BEST MEAL at the NU CHINA CAFE 409 Columbia e Beauty Studio e EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE e Co-ed Special, Thurs. - Fri. KOILY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Mcrin Pbcme 7727 e Florist
LAWN MOWERS 3hUdjt
NEW—USE]>--SHARPENED New Mowers 6.50 and vqp. Delivery service on Mowera.
MULHAUPTS
Phons 2828-208-11 N. Sth 8t
Inc. 638 Main St. in Lons Theatre Bnlldins Phone 7955—8050