'. *-rt'
\ ‘ii! ‘k-
, *<
Uw
In Bis Ten Track Meet
Kane Easily Wins 880/ Mile Events
x-t§$
FoanM In 1S89
MfSInen 1908
Volume 32# No. 133
» West liOlayette# Indiana
Sunday# March 9# 1941
By JOE DOLAN Exponent Sports Editor Michigan’s seven year reign over Western Conference opposition on the indoor track and field came to a sudden death last
Economist Kemmerer Speaks Tomorrow
At Fifth Of Defense Lectures
Night
SpraalConvoOpen To Sfudenfs, Public Tomorrow At 7:30
night in the Purdue Fieldhouse where a marvelous individuAl' ized, star-studded track team from Bloomington, wearing the colors of Indiana, collected 44 points to-outdistance tiie disgruntle Michigan Wolverines, who grabbed 33 1-2 digits. The performance of Indiana’s handsome Campbell Kane in the half mile and mile runs, races that he won handsomely, caught the 3,000 fans’ eye, as well as Queen Ann Ostrander’s sweet smil^ for the individual winners. The great Kane, running as if chasing rabbits on a Kans^ prairie, fairly coasted to vic-
Diocussing “America’s Gold Supply,” Edwin W. Kemmer, professor of internation finance at Princeton university, will present the fifth in the series of defense lectures tomorrow evening at 7:30 o’clock in the Hall of Music. The convo-cation-is open to the general public as well as the student
body.
In his discussion, Professor Kemmerer will take up questions such as the causes of the abnormally large supply of gold in the United States, the chances of inflation in the United States, the likely future of gold and measures that could be adopted to maiptain the value of gold as a national and international money in
the future.
Professor Kemmerer was economics instructor here at the University from 1901 to 1903 and served as fin^ ancial advisor to the governments of Mexico, Guatemala, Bolivia, Columbia, Ecuador, Peru, Poland and China. While acting as advisor, he received decorations for outstanding work from the governments of Poland, Ecuador and Columbia. Served on Dawes Commission In connection with his study of international finances, he directed an economic survey for the government of Turkey, was a member of gold standard committee for
Religious Convo^ At 10:30 A.M.
the
the Union of South Africa and served as expert in finance and currency for the Dawes commission to stabilize the German financial system in 1924.
He was president of the American Economic association in 1926 and is the author of a number of texts in the field of economics including "Money and Credit in Kelation to General Prices,” “Modern Currency Reforms,” “ABC of Federal Reserve System” and “Principles of Money.” e.g.k.
Dr. Louis Mann
Harding Will Preside At Power Conference
Prof. C. F. Harding, head of the School of Electrical Engineering, will preside over the session on “Electric Power Transmission” which will be a part of the Midwest Power Conference to be* held* at the Palmer House in Chicago on Wednesday and Thursday, April 9 and 10.
and religious publications. Dr. Mann is a contributor to the American Dictionary of Biography and is the editor of' the department of ethics in the New Standard Jewish Encyclopedia and is a contributing editor to the magazine “Unity.” He is' the author of “In Quest of the Bluebird.”
This two-day conference will be sponsored by the Illinois Institute of Technology with the co-operation of this. University, Iowa State, Michigan State, Iowa, Illinois, Michigan, and Wisconsin Universities, and various technical and professional societies in the midwest. m.b.
Kappa Psa
f
... pharmaceutical honorary, wfil present a tound film, “Cellite, story of Diatom,” at the Pharmacy building, room 311, at 4:00 p. m. on Monday, March 10. Cellite is made from the microscopic remains of prehistoric animals and 4s used by the Johns.- Manville Co., of Chicago, through whose courtesy this film is
Native Of Kentucky Dr. Mann, -a native of Kentucky, holds degrees from the University of Cincinnati, Hebrew Union College, and Yale University. He also took graduate work at Johns Hopkins University. Prom 1914 to 1923, he was the Rabbi of the Congregation Mishkan Israel, New Haven, Conn., and since that time has served as Rabbi of the Chicago Sinai
Congregation.
The prominent Jewish leader is a member of numerous national committees and commissions including the .advisory' council of the American Library Foundation, executive board of the American Committees of the Outlatvry of War, the executive conimittee of the ^National Crime Prevention Institute, and the executive committee of the Eugenics Commission of the United States.
Here In *39
According to Pr. Lawrence Hadley, chairman 'of the committee in charge of arrangements. Dr. Mann spoke to a similar gathering at a convocation ^or worship in 1939.
being shown. All students are in-The title of his speech was “Civilivited. zation at the Cross Roads.**
.From All Front’s.
Toda/s Summary Of War News
To Chicaeo Daily News ForeiBn Service. uopyriKbt, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc
Rabbi Mann Will Speak; 'Progress Paradoxes' Subject Of Address
This morning at 10:30 o’clock Dr. Louis L. Mann, Rabbi of the Chicago Sinai Congregation will deliver an address, “Paradoxes of Progress” to an assembly of students, faculty members, and townspeople at the March Convocation for Worship in the Hall of Music. Dr. Mann is, at present, the head of the Oriental language department and professor of Oriental language at the University of Chicago. Well Known Author The speaker is a well known author contributing to many literary
• Yugoslav Cabinef Confers ^ The Yugoslavian cabinet under Premier Dragisha Cvetkovic is striving desperately to gain time in their dealing with Nazi demands. What the Germans plan to do about the Greek situation is what the cabinet wonders.
o British Malayan Army i “Well-trained and well equipped, a formidable native army stands in the way of any Japanese attempt to take Singapore by an attack through British Malaya,” radioed A. T. Steele from Singapore yesterday. <• - ,
EXPONENT PHOTO BY ARCHIBALD
With a mighty heave, George Paskvan^of Wisconsin, on the left throws the shjot 49 feet, 8 irfches to take first place
o Matsuoka To Visit Hitler It was officially announced from Berlin last night that Premier Matsuoka of Japan will visit Hitler in Germany in the near future. From Japan come reports that Matsuoka will also travel to Moscow to visit Stalin in an attempt to agree on a non-aggression pact between the two countries.
over Indiana’s Archie Harris in last night's Indoor Carnival. Don Olsen, center, of Illinois smiles broadly, for he has just established the record-smashing time of :7.9 seconds in the 70 Yard High ^Hurdles to lower the American Indoor mark. His companion is Bob Wright, right, winner of the 70 Yard
Low Hurdles event.
tory over the two me&tioiied fields to cop individual hohors with ten points. Sofiny Franck, Minnesota’s all-American, surprised everyone when be eroesed the finish of the.60 yard dash «i eye-lash ahead of Myron Piker, Northwestern. About six yards from the tape. Piker pulled a tendon in his right leg. A New Record Don Olsen, Illinois, the only existing record. He ran the 70 yard lows at 7.9 as compared to the old record of 8.2, set by Earl Thompson of Dartmouth in *21. When Thompson ran, he ran five hurdles; and Olsen was forced^to'tep six hurdles; so the records Jure hardly comparable. - • - . Bill Williams, Wisconsin, went soaring 13-10 in the pole vault; later on he wissed a shot'at Padway’s record of 14-1 plus a fraction. ^
ifi lar
•' More Ships Go Down Nazi high command claimed yesterday that within the past several days motor torpedo boats and airplanes had destroyed twelve British merchant ships and two destroyers with a combined tonnage of over sixty-two thousand tons.
E. K. Foley, CorKert 'HightMustFall'Goes PUniU Will Preset, [, Masse loKokomo
Music Room Recital
o Less British Unemployment “Unemployment in Britain is at the lowest point in 20 years,” according to a special cable frpm Helen Kirkpatrick in London." Only about ninety thousand are unemployed and special call has been given by the government for men over 60 years of age to replace the younger men in factory work. A large part of those unemployed have been without work for many yeai’s.
Edward Kilenyi Foley, concert pianist of Lafayette and Chicago, will return to the campus this afternoon to give a recital in the Music Room of the Union. Mr. Foley, a former pupil of Rachmaninoff, will begin his recital at 4 p. m. He has chosen the following selections for his program: Rigoletta Fantasie .. Verdi-Liszt Seguidilla Albeniz Prelude in G Minor Rachmaninoff
For Guest Production
Report Shows WSSF Drive Obtained $249
Invitation to the Dance V6n Weber To Spring Greig Rondo Capriccioso .... Mendelssohn Hungarian Rhapsody No. 6 .. Liszt Mr. Foley who has m^ade several appearances here before has recently been on an 1800 mile tour as accompanist for Vera Hrubra, Czechoslavakian skating star.
“•Night Must Fair is moving en masse to Kokomo for a full production tomorrow night. Director, cast and crew workers will be the guests of the Schoolmasters’ Cliib when they give a performance in front of an anticipated audience of 900. The set was struck after last night’s presentation and left early this morning for Kokomo with the stage crew. Every piece of furniture was taken and all properties, including the wheelchair and chocolates. The other crews, cast and director will leave tomorrow at 1 o’clock and arrive in Kokomo around 2 o’clock. They will rehearse in the afternoon and have dinner through the courtesy of one of the cast member’s parents who reside in Kokomo. m.j.f.
Shot Put Surprise George Paskvan, Wisconsin, really had a field night, puttingr the shot 49-8, to outdistance Harris by almost a foot. Paskvan, who has heaved the iron ball 50 feet la recent practice, was certainly a surprise win over the confident Harris. Jake Weber, using only his cumis and shoulders to put the shot, because of a muscle inju^ to his right leg, hit 46 feet. Weber should collect a few more feet for Purdue' by the time the outdoor season rolls around. Ed Holderman, Purdue’s best entry and captain; tripped on the (Continued on page 8)
AChS To Hear Hurd, SpeakOn'Ketenes"; Thursday Evening
World Student Service Fund ! campaign to raise money to aid students in' war torn countries has obtained $249.63 according to a partial accounting made last night. This report is far from complete as several organizations have not yet turned in their collection boxes. The boxes have been removed from the campus, but anjmne desiring to make further contributions to the cause may do so at Bob Belcher’s oflice, room 68' of the Union. Suppers to raise money for the fund are being held tonight by the University Presbyterian church, Wesley Foundation and at a joint meeting of the Purdue Christian Foundation and the Roger Williams club at the Christian Church.
Organization Entries For Prom Queen Due
Playshop Closes Campus Ru)i Of'Night Must Fall' By Bob Skallerup
E.J. Slocking To DisdiK Government Emplopent
Deadline for Prom Queen nominations hns been set for 4 p. m. Monday afternoon according to Jim Wqlff, chairman of the judging committee. All names of nominees must be submitted in the Student Senateoffice on the third floor the Union by that time. To facilitate the work of the committee, entries from the various coed groups are’ limited as follows: two from each sorority, four from WRH, and three .from PIA. Tuesday’s/ Exponent will carry list of entries, while the name of the winner will be announced in Wednesday ^omingr’s paper.
Expantnl Board
All senior engineers interested in government service may See E. J. Stocking when he visits the campus tomorrow and Tuesday to speak to these students concerning oppoTtunities in government work. i
There will be a meeting of the Exponents Board in the conference room of the Agricultural Bzperi* meat Station, Tuesday, March 11, at 4 p. m. Be prompt. DONAHUE.
Dick Pittenger bluffed, defied, ' and sobbed his way through five scenes and fourteen , cigarettes’ worth of Playshop’s third^and best try of .the year, “Night Must Pall,” last night as he concluded his work in the role of Dan, psychopathic killer. Pour nights’ run did not improve the play, but it was still good. Perhaps it is .too. late for criticism^^but there was one little thing that bothered the audience. It was the newspapers. At one time, tlnree copies of the same edition came on stage with obviously different front. pages. At another time, one of the same papers, marked by* a long tear, came on stage as the edition of another day. Idghtiililr was splendid. Bunshine# dusk, anl night were portrayed to the last Tvy of realism. Second <mly to the lighting effects was Uie'physical bacl^round for the entire jday, from si^tliskted judge to Mrs. Bramson’s chocolates. .
Dr. Charles D. Hurd, professor of chemistry at Northwestern University, will speak on “Ketenes” before a meeting of the American Chemical Society Thursday night at 7:30 o’clock in room 106 of the Chemistry building. A gradiiate of Syracuse University, Dr. Hurd served in. the Chemical Welfare Service during 1918 and afterwards did graduate work at the University of Minnesota and at Princeton, from where he received his Doctor’s degree in 1^1. Prom 1991 to 1924 he served on" the University of Illinois staff and since 1924 has been connected with Northwestern University. The speaker has done research work in general organic chemistry, in such subjects as pyrolysis of carbon compounds, organic nitrogen compounds, molecular reaz^angements; ketenes, hydrocarb<His, phenolic germicides, and carbohydrates. Prior to his address. Dr. Hurd; will be the gue^t of honor at a dinner meeting in the old Chestnut room of the Union, 'nckets for this banquet may be purchased for 85 cents from Prof. F. J. Allen in the chemistry building, d^u
EmleisToAdAessBMnf CUAtNeeHngTaiM^
“PWdpecta of a Hritish Victory in tho Present W«e* is topic Gordon Enders of tho histoiy^ dePMtii|ent -has seloeted to sp<Mik to Jhisy ctttb members. Tim meetihff will be held Tueedoy ntglit, ll. at TiSO o'elo:^ in room IQB oF Smith BaU. Sheet eourso studeats are expected to intend. d.oa»wS, -
'’mI'> \ "
i t
- s 5 ^ - "
'% 5
V
Paqtt2^£dltA
Sunday# Mo^ch 9# 1941
fiuJulwL £xponatiL
‘1^* j -4»>
Otheds Will Present 'Capers^ March 15 Gened groups will compete in the second nnnual Co-ed Gapers sponsored by the University YWCA on Saturday, March 16 at 8 o’clodc in tba twuth ballroom of the Union. Thlb program will be one of the featnree of the Mid-Term Folks’ Di^ week-end. The group winning the contest will be given the Decker Trophy, donated by Decker’s Bookstore, and the group winning it three consecutive years will be permitted to keep it permanently. This year it has been in the possession of the Delta Gamma sorority. The proceeds of the ten cent-tid-mission fee will be used to send a local delegate to the YWCA camp at Geneva, Wis., next summer. Jane Julin is in charge of the committee making arrangements. Other committees and their chairman include: program, Alice Reed; tickets, Jane Blind, and publicity, Vivian Peterson and Jeanne Wiel. Any number may participate in a stunt, but each act is limited to ten minutes. Groups participating in the show are Alpha Xi Delta, Alpha Chi Omega, Chi Omega, Kappa Kappa Gamma, Pi Beta Phi, Theales, North WRH, South WRH, and Wood Hall. j.r.
TODAY-MONDAY —
LORETTA.YOONG melvyn'douglas
m srAVii) [OK BWAkfiST
— AND —
Peramount presents “fME CREA7 McCINTK
WITH BRIAN DONLEVY AKIM TAMiRROF Also
MICKEY MOUSE
LUNA — TODAY-MONDAY-
If
BAGDAD in Magic Technicolor! ^iih CONRAD VEIDT^SABU JUNE DUPREZ • JOHN justin REX INGRAM • MARY MORRIS
ALSO-
THE LOVABLE BUMSTEADIS .^OET RHYTHM ireitist •fiUthi Mndiist
Junshf Jalk. Engineers And Defense Through the mails yesterday we received a communication from Dean Potter, head of the engineering schools. Because of the importance with which Dean Potter regards the matter he has asked the Exponent to publish the letter below. TO THE ENGINEERING STUDENTS OF PURDUE UNIVERSITY: Reports have reached me that there is at present a definite lack of interest in'the student branches or chapters of the professional engineering societies. Some of our students are expecting to be called to active service in the Army or Navy and feel that is is not necessary for them to affiliate with the professional group of their specialty. Such an attitude is most unfortunate, as the National Defense Program has focused the attention of the public upon the work of the engineer, and it is your patriotic duty, as engineering students of Purdue University to prepare yourselves so that you have the knowledge and professional spirit to plan and to build for national defense as well as for social and economic progress. Membership in the student branches of ASCE, ASMfi, AIEE, AIME, AlChE, and SAE will aid you in keeping abreast of progress in engineering and in developing the true professional spirit, which involves a sense of personal responsibility to assist in the betterment of the engineering group to which you are attached. Neglect on your part to take an active interest in the professional en^neering society of your specialty may prove detrimental to your career as an engineer. A. A. Potter Dean of the Schools of Engineering
A eombination collar and necktie holder has been patented. The button is fitted with an extension Which supports the tie knot in proper position.
How to Make Sales and Influence Customers If you are the operator of an eating place be sure your employees are dressed in clean Linen* WE SUPPLY ON A BENTAL BASIS
SHE LIVED ON THE OF ROMANCE!
by FANNIE HURST VA Richard CARLSON Frank McHUGH - Tim HOLT Samuel S. HINDS UlMtSIli STARTS today
ThetaiCi Fresh Win Trophy By John Armstrong A battered trophy, the prize of the Victors in the annual Sigma Nu-Theta Xi Pajama jRace^ changed hands yesterday afternoon after the Theta Xi pledges had eked out a hard-run victory ovet the freshmeh from next-door. Three tired Theta 3ti thinlies took the first three places, while Sigma Nu men captured all the rest of the first ten places except one. Thirty-five colorfully clad pledges started in the race. Leaving at the crack 6f thb starter’s pistol from a point on the River Road tn front of the two houses, they breezed merrily along the “street and started up the hill beside the Theta house, where they were met by a deluge Water from pails, wastebaskets an^ hoses in the hands of the Theta gi'^s. One of the Theta’s, we’re told,~not content with popring the contents of the pail on the men, let ’em have the bucket," too. Paul Moll passed several soaked l^igma Nus to wih first place for the Theta Xi’s, whipping past the finish line in front of the Sigma Nu house in^ihe time of 2:48. Bud Scripps, fourth, was the first Signna Nu pledge to finish thfr approximately half-mile course. This victory was the third for the Theta Xi house in the ten years of the race’s history. Now comes the problem of what to do next year, since there is no more room on the old silver mug to engrave the name of the winning house.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered M second class ma^r at the post dttice in Lafayette, Indiana, under the det of Congresa of ICaroh 8, 1879, and «t the apecial rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8,1917, authorised Januartr 80, 1922. Fublisbed daily except Monday during tiHe r^iular acadeniic year and weeUy during the Summer Session. Delivered locally tqr carrier for 18.00 per year, mail aubacription 83.60. Bditoi^in'«lil«f..„.w. I W. Donahue Businesa Manager.... .... ...... Merle Hagsmsgrer PubiieatiMi Staff News Editor J.,H. M«jKee Managitig Editor.., . -D. K. Helple Associate Editors: M. A. Ochiltree, J. Ar-Pureell. L. W. Ruffner, B. M. Skailemp, J.'L. Traugott. BiniiNfi* Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Fowera, G. C. Landers; Fromption Manager, C. F. Dangletnajer i Accounts Manager, B. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, B. M. Becktenwald. Co-ed Staff ^itot... ..... — . , . .. ... Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Buth Bode, ‘Dohna SieSB. Sports Staff Editor . . _ . J. F. Dolan Associate Editors: J. BV Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phono: Editorial 4005; Business 503B; »Sports 2792 Kepresented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers 420 Madison Ave., New Yor^ N. Y. Staff for This Issue
Night Editor: Traugott Day Editor: Sless
Issue Editor: Ilieper Night Sports Editor: Adamson
Staff: J. F. Amos, B. W. Nordlinger, A. P. Hunter, K. G. Roquemore, S. Q. Peterson, P. A Howard and V. M Barson
Alexander Granovsky, associate professor of entomology at the University of Minnesota, is national president of the Organization of the Rebirth of the Ukraine.
Breeders To Select Personnel Notes Merle McChire
... associate engineer of the University Engineering Ei^riment Station, discussed “Vapor Condensation in the Home and Methods of Control” before a district conference of the^ndiana Lumber and Builders’ Su^y Association at Co-
lumbus last week.
Prime Campus Cattle Determining how near it. approaches “the perfect form,” the University Holstein herd will be classified next Thursday. An official of the Holstein-Friesian Association of America will classify the dairy cattle, according to an an* nouncement yesterday by Dean of
Agriculture H. J. Reed.
The occasion will draw numerous visitors and representatives of breed associations and the farm press. The all^ay proceedings will be witnessed by regular four-ye^r dairy pioduction students as well as the eight weeks’ winter course stu-
dents.
Since the first Holstein cow was brought into the herd in 1907, many honors and records have been established by the University animals of this breed, reports Prof. J. H. Hilton in charge of'arrangements. Of the 62 Holstems, 29 now in milk and the senior bull, “Man-o-War Captain” will be classified.
COMPANIES COMING TO THE CAMPUS WEEK OF MARCH 10: United States Civil Service Commission. March 10,1941. All seniors interested in receiving information. Warner and Swasey Co., Cleveland, O. March 10 and 11. ME. Saginaw-Steering Gear Division of G. M. Corp., Saginaw, Michigan. Maijch 10. EE, ME, and Met. E. Indiana Steel & Wire Co., Muncie.
March 10. ME.
Socony-Cacuum Co., Inc., New Yoik, N Y March 11. CE, ChE,
ME.
Harnischfeger Corp., Milwaukee, Wis. March 11 and 12. CE, EE, and
ME.
Indianapolis Power and Light, Indianapolis. March 11 and 12. EE and
ME.
International Business Machines, Endicott, N. Y. March 12. EE and
ME.
John Deere Tractor, Waterloo, I. March 12. Engineers. Globe-Wernicke Co., Cincinnati, 0., March 18. MB, Northwest Engineering Co., Chi-
cago, 111. March 13. Engineers. National Supply Co., Toledo, 0. March 14. ME. George Koch’s SoR^, lac., Evansville. March 14. ChE and ME. J. L. Clark Mfg. Co., Rockford, 111. March 14. ME.
NOW SHOWING ■2 First' Run Features •
THE STAR OF 'I 6s a madcap fta blaze of musicak From B’wo)r’s Famous nott For Two" Hit of
HELEN BRODERICK ZASU PITTS • EVE ARDEN TAMARA • BILLY GILBERT STUART ROBERTSON RKO RADIO PICTURE
PLUS
COCKEYED COMEDY of a Blazing
COMPANIES NOT VISITING CAMPUS BUT SEEKING MEN THROUGH THE PERSONNEL OFFICE: Calco Chemical Division, Bound Brook, N. J. ChE and ME. C. G. Conn Ltd., Elkhkrt. ME seniors or graduates. Defender Photo Supply Co., Rochester, N. Y. Grad. Chemists, Sr. ME. Kline Brothers Co. All seniors. Rockford Life Insurance Co., Rockford, 111. All seniors. Tennessee Valley Authority, Knoxville, Tenn. All senior^.
r
\11etie9
® teirtf/c/
UIHET DiMVIUAini
ALAN HALE JACK CARSOMi GEORGE TOBIAS < — NOW PLAYINGMARS
Jt
-A\ ai 45
1
feij IL'*'^ '.'»i^,i* W‘€^i'''i „ Sf' «' 4 * { * u ‘i ff^} '■’’•<
ifM". *
1 f ’ r
,ril-V-» ■ij t y .
**/ oi^A
i 1 f'
"' -‘S^' *<*■»? ,
PjiJukiL ^X/muMt
Simdcil/^* Mwh 9« 1941 mmmmmmmmmmumuimmiimiim
^ikurndm
iiiitifftiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiii
Patja- 3 * ■§fitfiJ'A.
i
Five Records Smiished During 1941 big Ten basketball S^soh Five scoring records were broken in i^e l94l ^ig Telri basketball season which saw Wisconsin sweep to their ferft lin^is|)'uted title in the history of the school. The &adgel^^, aiftbr 'dto|t;Pihk' their opening tilt to Minnesota, swept thlibdfi^ their remaihiht eleven games to snatch the conference Iktitsls a#ay frosn the favored Hoosiers.
Riveters Trounced In Wrestling Meet
iiaii I'liili.nii'ii’i •';.ii.,i..i.it.
Placement Services *x For Summer Camps Open To All Students Hermon Phillips, of the division of physical education for men, Helen Hazelton, head of physical education for women, and Irene Peldt, director of the women’s placement servic^, are conducting a summer camp placement bureau for students. Positions open vary from junior counselors to directors of certain activities. There is a growing demand for college students who are interested in this type of summer activity. In most cases remuneration is not great, but room and board are paid. I^everal openings have already appeared in such camps as Girl” Scouts, Gamp Fire Girls, Boy Scouts, and private camps. Men students who are interested in this work should contact Mr. Phillips, who himself operates a boys’ camp in the summer, and coeds should see Professor Hazelton or Miss Feldt. m.b. Co-ed Debate Team Journeys To Iowa The co-ed negative debate team composed of Charlotte Finney and Janette Morehouse will journey to Iowa City Thursday to engage in a conference debate with the University of Iowa. The subject for discua8i<»i is: “Resolved, that the American ppess should be regulated by a federal press cominission.” This debate is the final one of the year for the co-ed squad. The squad consisting of Virginia Gallman, Frances Estep, Jane Ostrander, Eloise Guitl, ahd Peggy Howard, in addition to Miss Finney and Miss Morehnuse, "have previously debated indmna, Illinois, and Ohio State on this same subject. The team will be accompanied on their tarlp by Leland Winch, co-ed .debate coach Glee Club Sings In Concert At Elkhart This afternoon at 4 o’clock, the Men’s Glee Club, under the direction of Albert P. Stewart and accompanied by Richard Thornton, EE ’41, will be presented in a special concert before the Sunday Evening Club of the Chamber of Commerce in Elkhait. Mothers of Glee Club men are to be special -guests of the Sunday Evening Club at this concert.
New Scoring Record Wfsconsin topped the highest scoting season in Big Ten history with a record total of 636 points. Indiana, with 529, and Illinois, with 520, also bettered the mark of 619 set by the Hoosiers last year. Iowa, in eighth place, equalled the record as the three other squads climbed above the .600 mark. One individual scoring record was eclipsed as Joe Stampf, center on the last place Chicago aggregation, dropped 81 free throws through the draperies. The old mark of 62 was set by Joe Reiff of Northwestern in 1933. Minnesota and Purdue in a 68-60 Gopher triumph set a record for combined scores in one game with 118 points. The previous mark was made in 1937 when the Boilermakers defeated Indiana 69-46. High Losers Iowa, in losing to Illinois, 63 to 56, passed the mark for a losing team’s high total. Northwestern scored 62 points in losing to Ohio State in 1940. Indiana led the conference floor shooters with 210 field goals whileWisconsin led' in free throws with 246, hitting for an average of .676 at the foul line. The Hoosiers and Iowa were called for the most personel fouls, each making 190. j.f.a. IM All-Campus Ping Pong Tourney Starts Monday Eliminations for tfhe all-campus ping pong singles tournament will get under way at 4:00 p. m. in the Fieldhouse tomorrow afternoon At present there are about seventy-five entries, but anyone may sign up before the tgurney gets under way All that are planning to participate jn this event must be leady to play promptly at four. ROTC Moyle Shows New Army Tactics Tuesday aftern'oon at 4 o’clock the University ROTC, in collaboration with the Indiana State Police, will present the movie^ ^‘The Army on Wheels” in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering building. This picture was taken durmg army maneuvers at Port Benniiig, Ga., and Port Sam Houston, Texas, in the spring of 1940. Many of the newest weapons of modern warfare are shown, including all-wheel drive trucks and other vehicles All students are invited to be piesent, according' to the military department
Wolvdiriiie Tankmen
A poll revealed nearly tyvo-thirds of University of Detroit students favor freshman hazing.
By Joseph Patrick Dolan With the track meet going at full speed, little notice has been paid to the whispering that Chicago, may get' “the gate” from conference competition. Chicago athletes, like good diplomats, keep their traps shut when I questioned them on the rumor—good boys, too. _I-I-_ I’ve never met a finer group bf -athletes than the Chicago kids here for the track meet, and I’m certainly sorry that their alma mammie wants to do such things as leaving this conference to struggle along without it, —I-I—^ I talked to Archie Harris, Indiana’s dusky athlete, for a few minutes last night, and I am convinced that the husky negro hasn’t a worry in the world. He takes his time about everything, doesn’t worry about the next event—or, day; as a matter of fact, I really believe the secret of his success is his ability to think of nothing other thanthe thing he’s doing. —I-I— The boys had a few p^et peeves, one being that Myron Piker, Northwestern’s limited, wouldn’t pose for a picture with Sonny Franck of Minnesota. Sonny and Myron are real track enemies And when the two lace, they do it from the word “go.” -1-1— Special word of praise should go to Earl Cripe, Purdue’s assistant trainer and Lon Mann, head trainer. Lon was on the floor assisting each foe trainer, while Earl was halving a one-man track meet of his own, trying to satisfy each athlete in the beautiful and ultra-modern Purdue conditioning room. —M— As you probably ^now, the Purdue training room is the best of its kind in the middle west. Visiting coaches, physicians, and contestants alike were loud in their praises of the small hospital in our fiieldhouse _I-I_ But the visiting athletes were even more inquisitive; they wanted to see what made things “tick”; so Purdue’s Earl Cripe and Lon Mann spent the greater part of the meet putting visiting athletes through the whirl-pools, electric heat ma--chines, violet ray machines, and sun lamps -1-1— All one could hear from the visitors was, “gosh, sure wish we had a set-up like, this; I wouldn’t mind getting shin-splints* every week.”
Conference Victory Iowa City, March 8.—.(Special to the Purdue Exponent)—Michigan’s Wolverines amassed the huge total of 87 points in the finals of the Big Ten Swimming Meet held here this afternoon and again walked away Vith the championship. To Iowa fell the almost as great second place honors by virtue of their 24 point total, while Minnesota’s Gophers copped third with 17 tallies. The Riveter contingent, though shov^ing up well in all events, was forced to be content with a tie for seventh place with Chicago, both teams with three points apiece. It would seem that none of the Hoosiers did so well since the boys from down Bloomington way came trailing in along with Wisconsin in ninth and tenth places respectively. Two points gave Indiana ninth. Carney, of the Riveters, did as much starring as anyone on the squad by pulling do'wn two fifths and a sixth while Williamson succeeded in snaring a sixth in the 200 yard breast stroke. Hobsiers Triumph In Big Ten Track Meet (Continued from page 1) track’s border in the 880, and was lucky to regain his running as he fell completely out of the first five places. The summary One Mile Run—^Won" by Kane, Indiana, Eisenhart, Ohio State, second, Kendall, Indiana, ^ third, Tolliver, Indiana, fourth, Schoenike, Wisconsin, fifth Time, 4*16 60 Yard Dash—^Won by Franck, Minnesota , Piker, Northwestern, second, Thomas, Michigan, third, Hammond, Ohio State, fourth, Piel, Michigan, fifth Time, 06 3 Shot Put—Won by Paskvan Wisconsin, Hams, Indiana, second, Hook, Michigan, third, Weber, Purdue, fourth, Rendleman, Chicago, fifth Distance, 49 ft, 8 in 440 Yard Dash—Won by Cochran, Indiana , U^er, Michigan, second, Anthony, Purdue, third, Jenkins, Indiana, fourth Bailey, Illinois, fifth Time, :48.4 70 TTard High Hurdles—^Won by Wright, Ohio State , Olsen, Illinois , HorvSth, Northwestern, fourth, Sulzman, Ohio State, fifth Time, '08 6 (Ties Big Ten record and breaks American indoor record Previous American indoor record of "08 6 held jointly by Caldemeyer, Indiana, and Osgodd, and Gedeon, Michigan Big Ten, by Sentman, Illinois) Two Mile Run—Won by Wilt, Indiana, Tolliver, Indiana, second, Wisner, Michigan, third, Kiracofe, Ohio State, fourth, McLaughlin, Purdue, fifth Time, 9 30 880 Yard Run—Won by Kane, Indiana, Brown, Ulinois, second, Bceidenbach, Michigan, third, Kisenhart, Ohio State, fourth, Randall, Chicago, fifth Time, 1 54 8 70 Yard Low Hurdles—Won by Olsen Illinois: Wright, Ohio State, second; Thomas, Michigan, third, Horvath, Northwestern, fourth, Rankin, Purdue, fifth. Tinie,* '07 9 (New American Indoor Record, breaking mark set in yesterday’s preliminaries by Horvath and Olsen) Broad Jump—Won by Burnett, Indianh, l,ewis, Illinois, second, McFadzean. Wisconsin, third: Stout, Illinois, fourth; Foster, Wisconsin, Jlfth Distance, 22 ft, 7% in. (Stands as Big Ten record, as event has not previously been contested in indoor championships ) One Mile Relay—Won by Michigan (Barnard, Dobson, Thomas, Ufer) , Indiana, second , Ohio State, third, Purdue, fourth, Illinois, fifth Time, S 20 3 Pole Vault—^Won by Williams, Wisconsin , DeField, Minnesota, and Decker, Michigan, tied fenr second. Thistlewaite, Northwestern, fourth, Schmidt, Ohio State, fifth Height, 13 ft 10% in High Jump—^Won by Canham, Michigan, Jones, Ohio State, second, D Smith and J Smith Northwestern, Ray, Chicago, and Sperling, Ohio State, tied fot third Height, 6 ft 8% in
Today ♦ ♦ ♦
at the
MENU
U.
imon (Saietena
Food for Sunday
SOUP—-Chicken and Noodle
SALADS—Cut Fruit Salad, Sunglow, JTomatoes with Cottage Cheese, Harvest Salad DIVERT—Pies: Apple, Cherrv;, Pecan, Fudge Cake, Angle Fainty, Date Pudding,
Ice Box Cake, Snow Pudding
BREADS—Twip Rolls, Cloverleaf J?olls, bread
As Well As—the usual Fruits, juices^ jfellos. Puddings arid Drinkl. ^
MEATS—Fried Chicken, Baked Ham \yith Raisen Sause, Spanish Steak, Chicken f\e POTATOES—Mashed and Scalloped VEGETABLES—Glazed Peas in Cream, Julienne Carrots, Harvard Beets, Spaghetti
JhsL fiwvdbuuL TnsamiiaL Unim. [Corner of Campus^ Yet the Center /tf Activities
Gophers Capture Western Conference Mat Championship; Riveters Take Sixth Columbus, Ohio, March 8.—(Special to the Purdue Exponent) —Competing thisj afternoon in the annual Big Ten Wrestling Championship, the Riveters and eight other Conference teams took a humble bow to their new champions, the powerful mat squad from Minnesof a. With but two men competing^ out of the five who made the trip, the Boilermaker contingent was unable to salvage enough points to rate a place any better than sixth
in the Western Conference.
. - - Jack Foster and co-captain Casey
Fredericks of the Riveters were tiie two who carried the flag into the finals. Fredericks defeated Sherman of the Hawkeye squad and thereby completed a very perfect season, while Foster lost a tough decision to his old Hoosier rival, Wilson, last year’s Conference champion. Previous to this meet, Foster and Wilson had each, during the course of this season, taken a
match from the other.
It is -curious to note that this 1941 championship was decided without a single man being pinned. All eight bouts, from the 121 pound class to the heavyweight, were won
by decisions only.
Second place in the meet was won by Iowa with 17 points to the Gophers 22. Indiana, the only t^m to chalk up two wins, lost when it came to points and ended up in a tie with Hlinois for third. Following are the individual rec-
ords:
121 pounds, Frederidcs (Purdue) defeated Shemian (Indiana). 12S pounds, Julius (Indiana) defeated Perrizo (Minnesota) 136 pounds, Wilson (Indiana) defeated Poster (Purdue) 145 pounds, Janesko (Minnesota) defeated Montonaro (Ohio) 155 pounds, Lazzara (Indiana) defeated Paddy (Michigan) - 165 pounds, Roberts (Wisconsin) defeated Littleford (Chicago). 176 pounds, GaRes (Michigan) defeated Johnson (Iowa) Heavyweight, Sikish (Illinois) defeated Levy (Minnesota)
Dispute Over Chicago Athletic Policy Rages in Conference Circies Chicago’s athletic policies, a touchy subject with Big Ten officials ever since the Maroons withdrew from Conference football last year, came under fire again this past week-end. Illini athletic director Wendell S. Wilson, not too well pleased with the derogatory statements concerning the Big Ten which have reputedly been made by Chicago’s President Hutchins, is now way out on a. limb after having said flatly that in the future Illinois will not schedule Chicago in any
sport.
Hutchins Blamed
At a meeting of the Conference athletic directors held here concerning future track and basketball schedules, he presented a resolution calling upon the Maroons to sever all relations with the Big Ten. Much of this recent fiareu|>4,in the Chicago-Big Ten tie-up seems to have been caused by the recent statement attributed to President Hutchins that the Chicago faculty IS considering a de-emphasis program for their basketball team Similar to the one the football squad went through last year. At an Iliini basketball banquet held Thursday evening Wilson told the assembled athletes, “Big Ten athletic directors, myself included, made a mistake last year in not booting Chicago out of the Conference.” He also said that he was “sick and tired” of hearing of attacks by President Hutchins oh the various athletic programs of the
Western Conference.
At Chicago, officials declared that their president had never opposed any of the athletic programs of th^ Big Ten Conference. Although Pre^ ident Hutchins tfimself cduld not be reached it was ^ stated that no an^ swer was considered necessary td charges “based on falsehood.” j.s.I^
If the weather man ie kind this March d&y you’ll want to be gayly dressed for such gay weather 1 WEST SIPE cleaning sendee will keep all your clothes in tip-top shape^ clean aud new-lodkiug, and ready ior any Ipn^ of wear. CALL 4081TCMIAYI
Phone 4081
Phone 4081
The Lowest IPricm Qwelity Petmitsf No^wjestem at Vine Phone 4081
> ii " 4)
films
Simda/« Mcorch 9, 1941
fiwuhuL SxponanL
University Sfwlenb Seek Draft Deferment With Campus Petition Orer a thousand University students have signed a petition, fostered by the Purdue Student Alliance, which favors junior deferment (all those who have completed two years of college training by October 1941) from compulsory military service. Under present army draft regulations any undergraduate who has a low draft number is subject to call this summer and must curtail his further educational training for at least a year. The petition reads in part that “we will be of greater service to our country and its people as welltrained scientists, technicians, and engineers, instead of inexperienced army privates.” Duplicate petitions
are being signed; one is sent to the Tippecanoe County draft board No. 2 and the other is mailed to National Director Dykstra in the federal capitol. Beginning this week, buttons reading "All Aid to Juniors” will be distributed by the Student Alliance. Gloria Pox and Peg Davis, former Debris queens, will give out the first 200 buttons tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock in the Union lounges. On Tuesday evening at 8 o’clock, every student interested in this movement should attend the meeting in room 212 of the Union. Prospective draftees who desire deferment should be present. “It is felt that students should be allowed to finish their education,” stated Don Grant, vice-president of the PSA. “They have invested two or more years and from one to three thousand dollars and it would be a personal as well as national tragedy to see their knowledge become stagnant.” e.w.n.
If You DonH Get Your Copy of .. . The Purdue Exponent Don’t call Our offices, there’s nobody there until 4 p. m.— Just give 3301 a buzz before 8 a.ni. ask the little man answers the phone to drag “Dick” Recktenwald off the couch, then tell him about your troubles. He’s the Circulation Manager^ why give us a piece of your mind, when you can present it all to him?
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• ProfMsional
a School Buppliaa
Risk Dantal Clinic OR. PAUL A. RISK OR. LUTHER A. RISK OR. HAROLD ]. RISK 4th ft Main Sta. PhonaSTIO
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
• Shoe Repair
Complete Student Supplies SOUTHWORTH'S
BO^UNG SHOE REBUILDING Phone 2240 221 State
• Photographers
Complata Lina of Graating Cards Univaraity Book Storo M. C “Rad"'Sammons 'Zf R. W. "Doc" Eppla '40
Cameras and Supplies Picture Framing HIKEA PHOrOORAPHER 634 Main St. Phone 7775
a Hardwafa
a Lockamith
Edgarfon Hdwa. Inc. Quality Mdaa.—Lowar Rrteaa |f It’s Hardwara Wa Hav* It PNna 4354 Wa llaUvar
Koys and Locks Kaim for tnmkA door loekft dook SotOi (daht latdMo and padtocko. Aiila a wertrity. aiqMlaA waaoooitoo and lapaMna. MULHAUrrS aoft*itM.9«iiii. phtowaias
• Dairy Produett M. E.MORIHOUSi DAIRY QUALITY MHJC nwne 4ai4
I could hardly wait to tell you about the newest of thePoster Shop’s records. Por you boo-gie-woogie fans there is Will Bradley’s “Bounce Me Brother With a Solid Pour,” featuring Ray McKinley, who doubles with Pred Slack on the back to give you “Southpaw Serenade.” The newest thing in slow sweet music is Tommy Dorsey’s “Do I Worry.” So, hurry down to the Foster Shop to listen . . . and to buy! S-T-S That good ol’ fashioned art of needlepoint is back again. You’ll want to work on a piece when you see the many lovely ones! at Loeb’s. You can( make pillows, chair^ seats, or pictures ... ct» and, if you want to keep on with that knitting, you’ll find the yarn, needles and bags all in the needlework department of Loeb’s. S-T-S And here’s just another word to those industrious co-eds who are handy with the needle. Deac’s has in-i stalled a full supply* of sewing equipment . . . Wiss shears, all colors and kinds of thread, needles and pins. If you’ve planned to make some new spring clothes, don't forget the complete assortment of sewing equipment at Deac’s. S-T-S It’s high time that a masculine note be sounded; so, for you eds I recommend the new hats at Geisler’s. You’ll find Dobbs and Lee spring felts in a particularly good looking cplor named whipcord. A hat you men should like is called campus khaki. It’s a Dobbs with a gabardine tip and whipcord band . . . and.
khaki-colored. You’ll find it at Geisler’s. S-T-S Pastel coats and suits are new spring notes for women At the Palais Royal you’ll go giddy with delight at the colors ... soft brown and beige tones and pas- ' tel blues and greens . . . "and materials ... stripes tweeds, plains, and plaids! One that I liked best at the Palais Royal is a three-piece outfit in light blue and brown herringbone tweed, with a cardigan jacket, flared skirt, and double breasted topcoat. S-T-S If you’ie looking for an inexpensive way to pep up your wardrobe, I suggest a blouse V from Queen City. No ' matter what you ’w y v want oi need, it’s there . . . crisp white piques, cotton eye- V / lets, stripes in sheers * ' and jerseys, and nauticals in crepe, and jersey. The one that caught my fancy was white silk jersey with stars and eagle chevron on the long, full sleeves. So it’s Queen City for that new blouse.
Classified Ads .
rOKSAUI Must Sell: Kxceptional 1931 Ford. New rings, tires. Many extras. Phone 2847.
TypewriteM and adding nuehinea, new and naed. for aal«. rent and repaired. All makea of portable typewritera. t2>.7d to |(9.B0. Olfiee anppliea. SUmeona^ and mnlticraph work. C. F. EberahoC 80S Main St. Phone, 2779. For Sent: Rusa-Eent-A-Car Serrlea. Can for all oecaaiona. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 2407.
Another wardrobe tonic is found at Southworth’s gift shop, where you’ll discover a complete line of Gordoh plasrraate anklets. They come in cotton, rayon or ribbed wool . . . and, in twenty-two different colors. To match them why don’t you part with a few more pennies and buy a multi-colored suede leather purse, just big enough to fit your palm. Both at Southworth’s. S-T-S The most refreshing fragrance to be found is in the Yardleys toiletries at the UniverIsity Drug Store. You girls will love the \complete line of icreams, face powder, [lipstick, and perfume "while for the men there is hair tonic, invisible talc, and the popular dollar shaving 1 bowl—^all faintly perfumed with April violet or lotus lavender. Surely you’ll want at least one of these Yardley articles from the University Drug Store. S-T-S Aie you looking for a place to eat ? I just want to remind you not to overlook the Kampus Kitchen. It has all the, requirements of a popular eating place . . . good food, reasonable! prices, and pleasant surroundings . . . plus a \ friendly, college atmosphere. Why not eat tonight’s Sunday supper at the Kampus Kitchen?
Bum Room Committeo: Meeting Monday, March 10, at 4 p. m. in the Student Union office.'' —WOLFF.
Alpha Lambda Delta: No pledging until after spring vacation. —WAYNE University Chofr: Compulsory rehearsal Sunday, March 9, at 9:30 a m. —AMT
Loat: Gold Football with name and Kappa keyhole. Reward. Neff, SAE house.
Purdue Wheelmen: Meeting Wednesday. March 12, at 8 p. m. in room 302 of the Union. It is important that all old members be present. (Old members are those, who have gone on .yides previous to January, 1941.) No picnic. —^VANDERBILT.
Loveliness Lingers Longer in Your Easter Outfit if it is Sanitone Gleaned.
Phone Today for Pick~Upl ™ American Laundry
Lose Something? Find It by Ruiming a Classified Advertisement in the Purdue Exponent -ft Minimum Charge 2Se Phone 5038 Phone 5038
Notices
All Independents: Independents iateresb ed in being a Ward Chairman on tko FIA Board next year as provided for by the new PIA Constitution must turn in a petition signed by 20 independents to the PIA office 1^ W^nesday, March 12, at 6:08 p. m. Further information is srvnllable at the PIA office. —Musam.
I almost had to resort to “eenie-meenie-minie-mo” in order to decide on which items to report, for the stores are so cram-full of new and interesting things. Records and needle point and men’s hats and Yardleys sound sort of queer all mix^ up together, don’t they? But when you find them in their proper places they’re quite the stuff . . . and for good measure, I’ll throw in some other items, too. So hold onto your hats. Here we go!
WAA Coaneil; Short meeting at 4 p. m. Monday, March 10, in the G^. —LEE.
Scriveners: Important meeting at 7:30 P. m, Sunday, March 9, in roont 281 of the Union. —RIBGLR,
PIA Board: Regulaif meeting Moaday afternoon, March 10, at 4:80 in the PtA office. —MOOSBR.
Beads of Student OxganloatioBai Please turn in a copy of your constitotions to the Student Senate box at the Weet deele of the Union before Tuesday, Mareh IL —HANSSH.
y
AU Students: Are invited to attoad Sunday Services at the Church of Ohrist, corner of North and Ferry Streets, at 10:46. —BOMBS. Removal of Conditions in Geology;. All students who wish to remove O grades of last semester will take make-op examina" tion March 16, room 6, Chemlcsl and M^llurgical building Permits to take this examination must be obtained before March 16. —SERVISS. Gold Peppers: Meeting at 7M6 Monday, March 10, in room 806 of toe Unioa. —CARROLL.
Removal of Conditions in English sad Spseehi ExaminationB will be held hi room 101 of the Education building Sata^, Mareh 16. at 1 pi m. —CREEK. CB 41 Students With C Or I Grades: Makeup examination will be held on March 16, r<mm 126, Heavllon Hall. Permission to take the exain must be obtained from me before March 12. . ^ —taiBVE. Rmoval of Conditions in GE 11 and GE ^/u®*?^**!^****"* Ijeld in roam 201. Michael Golden shops on Wednesday. March 12, at 6 p. m. c —RISING. Surveying (CE 8): Examination for removal of C and I grades will be held in room CE.btRlding on Saturday afternoon, ^ March 15. Students interested may obtain permits in room 102. > —LOMMKL. , K Pwwtices for iaterclasB basketball starts this week: today, Friday and next Monday. Freshmen and sophomo^ practice at 4 p. m. and JaniotB and seniors practice at 4:46 p. m. —FISHLBIGH. T & I E Students:'lota Lambda Sigma, T & I E acholastie honorary, hi sponsoring a dinner meeting of all T ft I E students at 6 p, m. Tuesday, Mareh 12. in room 286 of the Union. Pnrebase tickets In rooBa 269 of the Edneation building before Saturday. —FITZSIMMONS. All Men: Interest^ in ail-canqius ping ^ pong please sign up immediate on entry sheet posted on bulletin board ontsMe Intramural office —MARY. GE 16: Descriptive Geometry make-up examinatlon for removal of "C" and 'T' grades will be held Saturday. March 16, 1 S*«1j**' >"•*"•»«»»» 808, Civil Engineering Building. Arrangements must be made by March 14. —ELROD. Radio Club: Meeting Tuesdsy, n at 7 :80 p. m. fa jwm 184 of the Bieetrical Engineering building. R. C. Miles win give a demonstration lecture on "Practical Variable Frequency Transmitter ControL" —FREED. AU Radfa Club Members: Ideettog Tues^y. Mwh 11 fa room 184 of the Electrical Engineering building. A treasurer and secretory will be elected for the remainder of the aemester.^ —PREKD. Newman ^ubt ^e monthly Communion for all members of the chtb will take place of onnuay, maicn, »; bs served aftemards and as usual entertainment is on the program. ^BENNA. NYA Workers: Checks for period eifaing February IS are now available at Cashier’s fffice in Bexecutive building. —HOLLEN8BE. Purdue Bain Club: Meeting Tuesday, ^ will** p **■ 2?'a*" Smith HalL Gordon Endres wUl speaks Refreshments. BRO^D^, Episcopal Students: Holy Communion at University Pr^byterian Ohureh, North * Street near North Grant, at 9:00 a. m. on Sunday, March 9. -THORNTON. wanting YWCA cab- ^ poeiOone for next year effould eend prtitions to Miss Bryant or Elisa CooHdge before March 19. BRYAEJT. ME 30 C’a and I's: A make-up flinal for ^ ““y division of MB 80 senjester wlU be given Saturday, ^roh 16. at 1:00 p, m. fa room MB 118. Studeiits planning to take the examination please notify me before noon on March —COPE. *■ Students; Who desire to cancel counes without a glade must do so before Saturday noon, Efaroh 16. Cancellation cards can be obtain^ from heads of departments and must be signed by the head of the school t and head of the department of toe course. The cards must be filed in the registrar’s office. —FISHER. Reamers: Smoker will be held Tuesday, t March 11, instead of Monday as pirwiously announced. Faculty Lounge, 7 ;80 p. m. —BOHLm. All Girl Students: Practices for interclass basketball Monday. E’reehman and ^ sophflfaores practice at 4 p. m. and Juniors and seniors practice at 4:46 p. m. —FISHLBIGH. pracUce sessions starting Monday. March 10. Previous work schedules are void, , All P ^ mu —BAVIS. *1. wJTu ’ tickets for *f 20 may get them at the WAA office or at sorority houses. —WESTOVBR. ^ Wbcscs: Advanced class will meet Tuesday, March 11, fa north ballroom. Military Students; "The Army on Wheels," * maneuvers at Fort Bennlng. Ga.,^ and Fort Sam Houston. Texas, fa toe spring of 1940 will be shown „ ***® ®cctrical Engineering Building at 4 p. nj, Tuesday. Elaroh 11. —VANDERFORD. Catolyst Activee and Pledges: Formal ^ pl®dgfag Tuwday, Mareh ll. fa room 802 of the Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering Building at 7:80 p. m. Be there. —PHILLIPS. ^ CE 21 Examination; The examination for removal of C and 1 grades fa CE 21 will be given from 1 to 4 p. in.,-8aturd8y, Elareh 16, In room 810 of the Civil Engineering Build- , , ing. Please consult me at once, ’ —SONBSON.
H