»?H^i 7 ■' u-J. ‘ ^ l-
X'
£diiwn.
/
Mich., 45; Ohio St., 7 Wis., 13; Minn., 25 Illinois, 6; NVestern, 53
Established 1889
XfU)‘He4i4. w Another “P” On Pueket
M'quette, 6; G. Lakes, 53 N. D., 14; Seahawks, 13 Army, 59; Brown, 0
Volume 56, No. 79
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, November 21, 1943
Boilermakers Outclass Hoosiers, 7 To 0 n I il II r* In P i l r' Riveters, Michigan Share Title; Basketball Squad Prepares For Initial (aame o/doai^enBuci^et Regained
Timm, Swantz, Friend, Hoosiers Steal Kennedy Come Back Students Rescue Her
Meet The Coaches
With barely three more weeks left before the blast of the referee’s whistle, which will signify the opening of the 27th season of basketball for “Piggy” Lambert, the hardwood team is fast rounding into shape. Although Lambert has not as yet selected his starting or'traveling squads, the team that will be chosen will be one of those typical Lambert teams, fast, good of eye, and with plenty ■— of heart to outfight any team
to the decision.
“Piggy” will have to work under a severe handicap this season, since only three members of last year’s fine squad have returned. Such stalwarts as A1 Menke, Ed Ehlers, Max Biggs, Rudy
Relax, all you students and service men. Those shallow ditches that are being dug are NOT trenches or some other form of torture devised by the Physical Education department for tired P. E. 12’ers. No! you service men will not have to crawl under blazing machine guns. It is only the foundations of the basketball floor being laid by the University workmen for the coming basketball season. Honest, fella’s! Lawson; naipes still impressed on the memories of all Boilermakers, have departed to serve their country. Jack Kennedy, Duffy Friend, the diminutive mite, who, besides his very fine play on the basketball team, was also one of the finest of baseball players on last season’s squad, and tall, lanky Jack Swantz have returned, by grace of the Navy or, as in Swantz’s case, the draft board. Two Frosh Veterans Bill Lodge, Navy V-12 student, and Charley Hagg, civilian, are the two remaining members of last year’s great freshman squad which won the Freshman Championship here at the University Fieldhouse last year by defeating the ficshman squads of Illinois and Northwestern. This same squad was considered by all as one of the finest, if not THE finest the Univeisity has ever produced. In addition, seasoned veterans from other colleges scattered about these United States, have reported or have been expected to repoit soon. Contributing some of Illinois’ talent to the Riveters is the Navy, who brought Charcolla and Bohac. “Slingin’ ” Sammy Vacant! has had some experience on the Iowa team and has only to become acquainted with Lambert’s last bieak style. Hailing from the Western part of the Midwest comes Fraziei, Walley and Gustafson, all of whom have had previous college experience. From the East, and fiom Cincinnati University, comes Oppen. Indiana’s ' contiibutions have been more liberal, with Sobel, McPherson, Horn and Cline amongst those reporting. None of the abovii have had previous college experience, being freshmen. It is from these men, men who have hardly seen each other before practice opened, much less played together, that “Piggy” Lambert, one of the best coaches in these parts and in the nation, hopes to build a fighting unit to live up to the past performances of other University teams. If “Piggy’s” past recoid is any indication of future perforgrance you can bet your bottom dollar that }iis team will bo one of the
best.
Sigma Delta Chi Pledges Neese, E. H. Perkey, R. C. Schneider, R. M. Fischer, R. E. These men will report to the Exponent office at 6:16, Wednesday, November 24.
WARD “PIGGY” LAMBERT
'B' Eleven Remains Vidor On Gridiron Eveiyone knows that the Boilermaker varsity football team was one of the best in the country. However, quite unfamiliar to most people IS the fact that the Riveter “B” team was also a very potent group. Coached by Claude Reeck and Dan Guild, the “B” team played two games during the season. Two more had been scheduled, but due to the transfer of several V-12 men at the end of last semester, these games had to be cancelled. In two games, a team cannot be established as either good or had, however. Coach Reeck believes that this crew was one of the best “B” teams over to pel form for the Gold and Black. In their first encounter of the small season, the junior Boilermakers tied Culver Military Academy, 9-0. Following the scoreless tie, Xavier ot Cincinnati fell by the margin of a point aftci touchdown,
20-19.
Tno Make Varsity In these two games, several men stood out above the rest, in Reeck’s opinion. Lew’is, Milauskus and Schultz in the backficld, and Stollman, Nathans, Fox, Pot lei, Hendry and Huntington on the line played well 111 the shoit season. In fact, Milauskus and Schultz weie promoted to the varsity when the transfer of thirteen men hit the team
hard.
Coach Reeck couldn’t say whether there were any good piospeets foF next year’s varsity on the team, duo to the uncertainty of wartime.
The peace of the dead was disturbed Thursday night when the corqjse of that old witch. Miss Indiana, was removed from its place of state in the Union Building. Spirited away by some zealous Indiana man, the body was removed from under the very eyes of the Boiler-
maker students.
Anonymous phone calls were received by different fraternities to the effect that Miss Indiana had been rescued from the ugly fate that awaited her. Verification was soon coming as students poured to where the body had been only a short time before. Instead of the beautiful corpse, they found only
an empty coffin.
Was John Q. Boilermaker to be robbed of the privilege of seeing the hated Miss Indiana cremated in Stuart Field? It certainly looked that way as time passed on with still no body being brought forth. Then out of the black of the night came the coffin, not empty this time but occupied by its intended guest. Miss Indiana. A howling cheer came forth from the crowd gathered for the pep session, and a mad rush ensued with eveiyone scrambling to get close to the huge bonfire to watch as the Riveter pallbearers threw the old girl into the hungry flames. Miss Indiana is dead for
another year.
Basketball Schedule
By Warren Wright Elmer Burnham, in his second season as head varsity football coach at the''University after seven years as head freshman mentor, compiled one of the country’s most outstanding records as a high school coach at Central, South Bend, Ind., before joining the Boilermaker staff in the fall of 1936. Coach Burnham is a native of West Newbury, Mass., where he attended the West Newbury High
years that he coached there. Central won the conference championship in 1931, 1933 and 1934. He also took additional scholastic work at Notre Dame and received his bachelor of science degree from that institution in 1935. Along with these numerous other duties, he was directorl of physical education and recreation at South BencL^ Pays Tribute to Team When asked what he thought about this year’s squad he com-
Endurance, Basic Swimming Taught By Coach Papenguth To 500 Men Daily
ELMER BURNHAM
CECIL ISBELIi
Dec. 11—Naval Pre-Flight of Greencastle, here Dec. 15—DePauw, here Dec. 18—at Great Lakes Dec. 23—at Notre Dame Dec. 28—at Greencastle, Naval Pre-Flight Jan. 3—Notre Dame, here Jan. 8-—Indiana, here Jan. 14—Minnesota, here Jan. 15—Minnesota, here Jan. 21.—Michigan, here Jan. 22—Michigan, here Jan. 29—DePaul at Chicago Feb. 4—at Ohio State Feb. 5—at Ohio State Feb. 11—Wabash, here Feb. 14—Great Lakes, here Feb. 18—at Iowa Feb. 19—at Wisconsin Feb. 26—at Chicago Feb. 26—Northwestern, here Mar. 4—at Indiana Penaify Days By special action of the Executive Committee there are three penalty dates during the week of Thanksgiving. They are Wednesday, Thursday and Friday, November 24, 25 and 26, respectively. Any student who is absent from a regular meeting of a class on any of the above mentioned days will be assessed an extra fee '' of $5.00 for each day or fraction thereof missed. —DEAN OF MEN.
JOE DIENHART
SAM VOINOPF
School and starred in both basketball and baseball. He attended Springfield College, where he added football and tennis to his athletic endeavors. Launched Career at Central He launched his coaching career at Cential in the fall of 1916, when he was signed as athletic director and coach of all sports. In 1917 he enlisted in the army and served overseas for a year with the French artillery, being honorably discharged as a sergeant. In the fall of 1919 he returned to Cential and over-a period of 16 years his high school elevens won 118 games while losing only 30 and tying eight. During the last five
mented that no one could ask for a greater bunch of men. He never had to drive them because they were always ready and willing to do any assigned task. He wishes to pay special tribuce to Agase, Genis, Britkoivch and all of the other service men who have been assigned to other stations. Cecil Isbell As was once said by Confucius or some other such noted philosopher, “A chicken always comes home to roost.” In much the same way former All-American football star Cecil Isbell returned to his old stamping ground to help coach this year’s Boilermal er squad to one of (See COACHES, page 3)
Scouts Given Credit As Boilermakers End Successful Season
By Jim Ackerman What lb the essential requirement to win football games? Some say it lb the line while otheis claim a team must have an outstanding backtield. One thing is never mentioned, yet this requirement is the one which wins the ball games, that IS—scouting. When a person mentions scouting, people immediately think they are looking lor taleni# That is leally the main oliject of football scouts, too, but they also take many of the other paits of the playing into consideiation. In the Conference rulings there is a statement that one man from a bchool in the Big O'en may scout an opposing team three times during the season. Each school in the Coiifcience is willing lo give their opposition scats in the pi ess box and
it is from liere that the coaches and other men who handle this job see at first hand the details of the other team. The Boilermaker scouts aie compiised from the different coaches on the staff. According to Coach Claude Reeck, wrestling mentor, who has scouted a few games for the Riveteis, “scouting is nerve lacking, but most enjoyable.” Enemies Most Hospitable Coach Reeck says that some schools do everything they possibly can, such as give out sandwiches, cokes, candy bars, and statistics while you sit in their pi ess box seeing how you can beat their team the next week. Theie are so many numerous things that a' scout must look for ill an opposii/g team that they all
can not be mentioned here. To name a few theie is, first of all, what type of offense does the team use: a “O'” formation, a bhoit punt, a single wing back, etc.; what kind of defense, do the ends stay spread, do the backtield men play very far apart, do the ends slice, diift, or what do they do ’ I See Your Miscue Some scouts try to tiguie out if the team has a sequence of plays. They have to watcli and see the individual characteristics of each ball player: docs the stai back like to cut to tlie right or to the loft, does the man who is going to get the ball move his teet back before the ceiitei ? do the linemen let on whethev they aie going to pull out or not, etc.? Another thing which is very
important to the coach is to know whether theie is any man who, when they punt, they should keep the ball away from. Along tins line the coach likes to know whethei the opposition makes a practice of kicking out of bounds or whethei they tiy to place
then punts.
Since passing is so important to a successful football team, the aerial attack is one of the things most caiefully sciutinized A few of the questions the coach likes to know': who does most ot the passing, who is the number one receiver? what spot IS favoiite tor the passer to stand in and what place does he like to hurl the leather from ? Then llio coach must also know' what kind of defense this team uses; w'hether they use a zone defense oi man to
By Paul Garber
Bloomington, Ind. (Special)—They did it! The power-laden Boilermakers went out into the hinterlands of Memorial Stadium, the home of Indiana University football, before 15,000 fans, defeated the very potent all-civilian Indiana team by a score of 7-0 by virtue of a first quarter pass by quarterback Sam Vacanti to Frank Bauman, end. The victory brought to ■ ^ “ the University a share of the
Western Conference title and the first undefeated, untied season for the Riveters since 1929. By stopping Indiana’s streak at three straight, the victory gave the Riveters possession of the Old Oaken Bucket, symbol of Pur-
due-Indiana rivalry.
The victory can be contributed to
Now moie than ever before, e'veiy factor, and just one. It was the
man whether Army, Navy or civil- jjjagnificent goal line stands by the lan, should know how to swim. A Coach Elmer Burnham large majority of the men who come produced that spelled the difference to this University either don t swim between victory and defeat as the or don t know how to swim well, “flghtin' Hoosiers” came back after It is up to the physical education initial scoring by the Riveters department to see that they know thrust deep into Boilermaker how to sivim before they leave. Un- territory, only to be stopped time
der the diiection of swimming coach time again at the goalline. Dick Papenguth, instructions are Riveters Get Under Way
given on how to swim and tests that j^^^er half of the first meet the requirements of any in the quarter that the Riveter attack got country are conducted. under way, driving down to the 25
It is indeed a big job to take care yard stripe, in Indiana territory,
of better than 500 Army and Navy From there, “Slingin’ ” Sam '^acanmen a week, but since swimming is ti unleashed one of his best passes considei ed a vital part of the war to big Frank Bauman, who caught effort, instructions are carried out the ball and went through the Hooin spite of the fact that the pool is sier secondary to the goal line, scorsometimes very crowded. Coach ing the only 6-pointer of the day. Papenguth believes in giving the Dubicki converted for the extra men a chance to use any style they point. It was the second time in asf wish so that they might pick the many games that the prowess of style that fits them best. Vacanti’s arm was used to win a
Coach Papenguth has plenty of game. . coaching experience behind him. Ball Stolen 'I
having coached for thirteen yeais Early in the second half, “Bumps” at the Indianapolis Athletic Club. Elliott, on a fast-opening play, went While there he coached many noted up to the Boilermaker 48 yard line swimmers such as Patty Aspinall, where the ball was stolen by Pete June and Joan Fogle, Barbara Cook Pihos, Hoosier end, who returned it and Helen Smith, who holds the to the 42 yard line. From that point world’s record in medley swimming. Mangold, right halfback, took the He began coaching here in 1938 and ball down to the 22 yard stripe, has been successful in turning out “Hunchy” took it to the 20 and Pihos some very good teams. He is chair- went to the 9 yard stripe for a first man and secretaiy of Big Ten swiin- down and goal to go. The Riveter ming coaches and vice-president of team rallied and stopped “Hunchy” National swimming coaches. on a center rush and a pass before
Among the stars that have been Vacanti inteicepted a third down
coached by Papenguth is probably pass on the 5 and ran it up ,to the the best swimmer that 'ever at- 14. The Boilermakers ran the ball tended this Univeisity, Roy Heidke. up to the 21 before kicking and for In 1942, Heidke broke thiee world the rest of the quarter kept the Hoobreaststroke recoids and placed siers out of scoring territory, the fourth in National Collegiate and quarter ending as Indiana reached
fourth in the A. A. U. meet. Roy is the Riveter 34 yard line,
now a Chief Specialist at the Peru The last quarter brought the Naval All Base and is teaching crowd continuously to its feet as the swimming and judo. During the last desperate Hoosiers tried valiantly five yeais that he has been coaching to score. Indiana, paced by Jim Alhere he had many good swimmers dei dice and McDonald, took the ball which include: Dick Kratzei', sprint- down to the Riveter four and a half ei; Vern Hansel, distance; Jack yard line in four quick plays that Cainey, disrance; Joe Williamson, had the Boilei'makers puzzled. Albieaststroke; Freddie Heir, sprint- derdice took the ball through the er; John Giaham, distance; Chuck of the centei for a 14 yard gain Siler, distance; and John Dilly, na- from the 19 down to the goal line, tional backstroke champion. On the next play Mangold, carrying
Coach Papenguth is looking foi- on a straight plunge, fumbled, with
ward to another successful season the ball being recovered by Dimanwith the piobable scheduling of cheff on the two yard line. The BoilMichigan, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois and ermakers worked the ball out by Minnesota as opponents. The Con- booting, Bauman doing the kickfeience Championship is to be held iug'- Hunchy took the ball back to at Chicago. the 33 yard line. On the second pass
attempted Hunchy clicked and McDonnell, the receiver, took the ball from the 30 to the 9. Four plays later the Boilermakers took the ball on downs as Butt recovei-ed Alderdice's fumble on the 2 yard stripe.
Riveters Kick Again
The Riveters took the ball back iipfield to their own 32 yard line fiom which point they were forced to kick. Indiana took the kick on its own 27 yaid stupe. Hoernschemeyer worked the ball up to the 37 yard line for a first down and it was from that point that he threw a pass that was completed to Hoppe who took it to the Riveter 22 yard line. McDonnell took one of Hoerschemeyer passes down to the 7 and then down to the 2 yaid line on a line plunge. W ith 35 seconds left Alderdice tried again to cross the goal line but was stopped on three successive plays for a total of a half yard loss. On the last down Hoei nschemeyer tried a pass and failed to complete it, the Riveteis taking over with 15 sec-*
omls to play.
man.
Questions Galore
Then theie aie also such things asked as how long does the passer need to hull the pigskin? how fai back does the kicker stand? do they quick kick very much? who covers the man in motion on defense? who is the best open field runner? 'Fheie are millions of other questions, but these ate just a tow to show the spectatoi what kind of life goes into making a team successful. If coaches do not have good scouts they might as well not have any talent. To many men who have scouted for the Boileiiiiakeis this yeai, this article IS to tell them that though then names are not on the program of the day’s game they are still re-
membered.y ^
Y i it
Page 2
Burdiie Exponent,
Sunday, November 21, 1943
Purdue Exponent combing Mril<h Purdue Independent Offices Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m , 5377
Editor Business Monafrer News Editor ManaKine Editor Sports Editors
Bills Murphy Mary Dilts William H Tyson Carolvn Wilbur Kaymond J Smith Russell M Lipcs
Publication Staff Editorial Staff Associate Edilors Jack Abbett Ruth M Ford Madelyn A Groltic'^ Jamc T Ki 1 ardson Margaret Y Stetio'^ larftth Atkirmnn Ir ik V c.h llnlh Minn Marti a Lee Ri^gs Service Staff M rns Better C ibricl Flias I eo briedman lack Martirc Newman
Business Staff Advertising Manager C I Gaunt Assistant AdvtrtiMng Manager Betty Maney Circulation Manager R G Sauerman
Staff For This Issue Night rditor Ackerman Dav Editor Yargar C itj Editor Howei Issue Editor WrigHt Reporters I Ricl ai l'=ioi Br vn Brhcl Ganett Ni tz ‘5t<ncR B Kci S\crn Winei Hill Herm in Lee Lt'wib Br as B^k i Staff photographer W C Tolber
Entered as second class matter at the past office in Lafay ette Indiana un Icr the act of Congres‘» of March 3 1879 and at the special rite (f pfstage provided for in section 1103 act of Oc ober ^ 1917 authon/cd January 20 1922 Published on T icsda Thuibday and Saturday mornings dur ing tht >eai cx it certaii vacation periods*" Delivered daily bj earner for 1 for i b mtsler bj mail for $1 CO for a sem fcUr S b® njli n may Ic oltancd at the Exponent office or at th M st Desk of the Ui ion ReproEcrtcd for i ntiona! advertising by National Advertis ing Service Inc Colle^,e P iblishcrs Representatives 42U Madison A\e Ntv York N Y
niie msuMTOK Tm U S OH. Mm-do-ROUND By DREW PEARSON State Department Urged to Stop ''Meat Purchases From Argentina; Might Force Break With The Axis Vv A.SHING10N—A pioposil hns been mnde back «tn!Te in tlic St itc Depaitment ^\hlch piobably ^\onld )iin„ le^ohltlon to A.i^cntinn nnd foice that countiy to bicik with the Am^ Howo\ei, ippeaseis inside the State Depaitment me opposed The pioposnl i^ to stop all pin chases of meat fiom AiRcntini io! at least one month—longei if neces ■-an Most people ii this countiy don’t know it, but 'ligentini i\hilc coopoi itm|> with the Axis also is w ixnv fat ar pio peioii fiom U S Biitish pin chafes of hci c I '' csent the Mhos aio bnj inft almost e u t me it she can pioduce Ihe tiozGii ml c! il Cl me t is '-hipped to the Biiiish thd c-'iined melt ti T S tioops Wo even supply the tin foi 4ieen(inas canned meat ft,cat the bifisest biisniess ot the 4ic;entine If ta marl et ucic cut off the eountij would suffei economic p-’iahsis and ttic’c would be teirific resent ment against \rgontiiia s i ileis Howeier some St ite Dep irtment adviseis oppose the pun because the Aigcntine people would suffer most rurthermoie the \nterican public would also suffei since much lai gti cjuantities of U S beet would go to Fnglanci and to L S troops More militant State Denaitment adiiseis argue that the American people can take it il thei ha\e to, and that, if the Argentine people suffer enough they will throw off the militarj lascists who now rule them JoyrnaSist-Congressman Most membeis oi Congiess aie lawyeis Howevei, it took a joirnalibt Congiessman to conduct one ot the most soaichmg cioss examinations in lecent Capi lol Hill piobes and to expose 1 iboi lacketeeiing in the Bitwslei an plane plant ihe newsman Congiessmin is Repiesentative Ed waid Hcibcit of Lonisiana foiniei city editoi of the \ew Oileans States who got a tip that the ical name of the laboi boss of the Biewstei plant was not Thom as V Dcloienzo but Posnei Phis was the only clnc Congics^nian Heibeit had but with this he followed up just as he woild ha\e liacked down a news stoiy bad on his papei By the time he finished he had i file on Dcloienzo six inches thick Anjdanc pioduction in the Biewstei plant has been disastiously low ind though theie aie a lot of causes loi this laboi V as one of them Deloien/o laboi c/ai ol the plant was cocksine and confideiu when he ii Jived in the House Naval AfF ms committee loom I amt scared ot those guvs fit confided I cm handle them all right Delorenzo s confidence mtitased undti the kmdl) ijucstionmg ol \ irgmi i s Representativc Dicwrv and continued when Hcrljcrt fust took ovti the cross examination Ihe Louisiana Congiessman was loaded to the hilt with inform ition about Deloienzos early life but piefended he knew nothing I think \ ours is a l\ pieal success story ol the Amer Kan bov rising to the top summaiized Congiessman Herbeit Nothing sueieeds like success \ou eer' tamlj have succeeded ’ Delorenzo s chest swdied Now tell us ’ Herbert suddenly changed his tone ‘ M hat IS \ oui I cal name ^ Ddoien/o ci uniblcd J lom then on il was i i out J he 1 iboi c/ u li ippcd ill ovei hiinsdi and w is tupped up by Ileibeit in lie iltci lit He admiilcd he hid used m iny diffcient alia ts that he had lied about his income tax iboiit Ins app'italion to; a Biewstei job hid Jicd in ipply irg 111 Civil Sti V ICC H(ibelts CIO s examination wa^ one ot the most deva t itiiig cvci hcaid since the days oi Pom W ilsh 111(1 Jiapot Dome but to him it v as just a news ic jioitci doing anolhc! stoiv Russian Labor vs. U. S. When Di nald Nelson was in Russia he w is shown how Iht inWntivc yslcni vvoilis to intitast jiioduc tion It w IS fxjd lined that vvoikcis who piodiict the gicitcsl unonnt ol good nt gi^ni jicci il iwaids till top p i/( wiinuis biin illowcd to visit the liont to 1 (poi t to till '•oldici i( udirtg the vvoik ol lactoiy biot>i(i'- n i Ihen NI Ison w. Seed what sort ol mecntive sys lem then was m the I nited States He was obliged tuevplam that \meriean laboi unions aie opposid to the mecntive system Ihe Russians were peiplexid But aren f Ihev biothers ol the soldiers'” they asked ‘Don’t they want to wm the war/”
Congratulations . . . To the Athletic Department we would like to extend congratulations for the many honors that they have brought to Purdue this yeat Not only has Football Coach Elmer Burnham and his staff developed one of the best teams in the nation, and bi ought the school before the ey^s of the football public throughout the country, but track coaches Phillips and Allen coached the cioss countiy team to another Western Conference title Conditions have not been especially favorable for the coaches this season Since a large peicentage of the teams are composed of service men, it was necessary to arrange practice ses'^ions so that they would not interfere tvith mihtaiy activities The football team this season has undoubtedly gone through the season with less practice than any other tOam in the hlstoiy of the school It is also true that the limners wete not sent through as fnuch piactice as the coaches would have liked them to have Guy Mackey deseives ciedit foi his determined search for good coaches to replace those who enteied the armed forces, and for his fine selection Credit goes to the coaches for developing champion teams from candidates that had not previously played together Not to be forgotten are the instructors who put in long hours each day leading civilians, marines, sailors, and soldiers m PE 12 classes—r i s Changes Made In Union Cards
AMERICAN HEROES ■fiY LEFF
Notices
I’lie South Pacititf Acf^ial Lxploits Lio«6 lUs htttfii luvCrdtd fo First Lt William P Campbtll, U S M C, of Minneapolis for Ins solo bombing attack again'-l five Jap traiispoils and teh deslroycrs While ship and shore batteries coiiotniraled all llieir fire against Imn, filling the air with dak, he dive bombed the ship formation, blasted a transpoit with a dircU hit The War Bond you buy today will help load bomb racks to shatter Jap «upply lines
» o e
There has been instituted on the campus a much-needed change in the so-called Union caids which seivice men need as a means of gaming admission to Union dances, convocations and athletic events These cards aie now labeled Social Recreation caids, and they indicate that the bearer has paid the lecieational fee for that semester or that month as the case may be The association of the Purdue Memorial Union and the recreational facilities of the University have been minimized instead of played up as they were last semestei The caids now indicate that the bearer has paid a social recieational fee similai to the one paid by civilian students at registration, and that the service man who has purchased the caid IS entitled to the social and recreational piivileges of all students Thus the Union cards, oi social lecreation cards stand foi admission tickets to concocations, dances and athletic events as well as the light to use the bowling allej s and lounges of the Union building Basically, of couise, membeiship in the Union always did caiiy with it the right to attend these con\ os, dances and athletic events, but last semestei membeiship was construed to mean an exclusive light to the use of the Union, which was definitely the wrong idea The changb made m printing the new cards eliminates sWe contusion and will undoubtedly give the service men a better idea of what then two dollars a month is being spent for Also in connection with the two dollars a month it should be mentioned that this money IS not spent by the taculty alone, but by committees haxing both student and faculty membcis The dances in the Union are arranged for in the mam by a student oiganization known as the Student Union Both the Conrocation Committee and the Student Union have seivice men in their organization
Wilikie in Wisconsin Willkie idviseis dicln t go Tionnd adveitising it 1 lit pi ivately the-y vveie a bit vvoiiied beloi eliand about Ills pioposed tup to Wisconsin Ihey thought his ai dent anti isolationism vvouldnt down well in i State suppoiting isolationist Senatoi Bob LiDolIctte Attci the Wi&coiibin visit howevei they vveie im mciisely pleased A lot ot LaDollette piogiessivc leul CIS came aiound to tell Willkie thit they vveie stiong toi his stand on intcin ition il affaiis Also significant was a stiong editoiial suppoiting him in the Midison Capital rimes long the mouth liicce ol the L il ollettes Quite aside liom Willkie this anti ibolationibt sentiment in Wibconsin is con sideied highly significant m Washington vvheie a peace ticaty boonei oi latei will have to be wiitten Broken Whiskey BoHles Believe it oi not the Tieasiuy, despite the shoit age ol manpowei ind matciials, still lequiies all liquoi bottles to be bioken up altei they aie used Bi ind new bottles must be supplied foi each new hot tie oi whiskey As a lesult fiom a billion and a halt to two billion bottles aic bioken eveiy yeai Ihc lieasuiy explains that this is to piotect the consiimei and picvent whiskey bottles liom being used ovoi again bj bootleggeis Howevei, the dis tilleis cl urn that pait of the liqiioi shoitage is due to the scaicity ot bottles Thoie is plenty ot liquoi in buiels they say but not sufficient bottles to letail it the Pieasiuy icplies that the bottle shoitage is pait ly the icsult ot bcci convcision liom tin c ins to liottles Fighting Good Neighbors Neaily a thous ind ( uban citizens, lesidents of the USA, have been (halted They vveie confionted with accepting a call foi seivice in the U S Aimy, oi it they did not wish to accept the call, they weic tiee to letuin io ( uba and go into seivicc in the Cuban Aimy—obviously the saiei thing to do Also, they wcic assuicd liccdom to ictiiin to the United Slates attex the wax
JhSL (^kuAchnA, University Riesbyteiian Chinch North Stieet near Giant Rev John W rindlej. Minister 9 50—Student Class led by Di C H Giaves will continue its study of the Gospel of Matthew 10 90—Moining Woiship Mi rmdley s subject will be Shall We Be 1 hankful-fins Ye u ’ The clioii, led by Janet Place will sing a Noth eilands folk song Piayei loi Thanksgiving 5 00—Sunday Evening Fellow ship with inioimal lecieation sup pel at 20 cents a plate and a discussion led by Cpl Leon Weeks The subject will be “Is the Bible Tiue 6 40 to 7 00-—Vespei Woiship undei the leadeiship of Doiothy Hendi ichson
Pieeman 10 40—Morning Chuich Seivice 6 00—-Sunday evening seivice with discussion and vespeis The sex vices will close by 7 00 St John’s Episcopal Chinch Sixth and Ferry Rev R r Thointon, Rector 8 00 a m —Holy Communion 10 45—Moining piayei and sei mon The topic is to be ‘ Thanks giving—Coin ol God’s Realm ” The anthem led by Haiiy Iiwin Metzgei will be “0 Send Out Thy Light ’ by Gounod The seivice is to be bioadcast ovei WASK
\\ eslej Foundation Coinei State and Sheetz Stieets Rev E 11 Balsley, Mmistei 9 30—Chinch School 10 40—Moining Woiship at the Fust Methodist Chinch Di Steele’s topic is to be Expeiience Woiketh Hope’ and the anthem will be Now Thank We All Oiu God’ by Miiellei S E Kellei will sing the solo pait of the hymn Remem bei Now Thy Cieatoi ’ by Buck 5 15—Fellowship Siippei at 20 cents a plate 6 00—A discussion will be held on Minority Race Pi oblems ” foi lowing which will bo a woiship sei vice Tuesday at 4 00—Executive meeting in Rev Balsley s office Wednesday at 7 30—-Cells will meet ^ Fiiday at 8 p m—Thanksgiving Pai tv
Hillel Foundation 116 Sheetz Street Rabbi M H Simon 10 30—Sei vices will be held m Fowlei Hall with Rabbi Aaxon Goi baty as visiting pieachei 6 00—Suppei seminal and a joint discussion meeting at Wesley Foundation WBAA Schedule Monday 10 -JO Nf.\Vs 10 n—SmiU Time Diplomatic Ilmtorj Piof Stni" PuiduG Ncftfts
News
Faim Forum Meet the B in I
Ncus
Horntm ikcrs Cli I
Music
T 11 nls For m Mail tb
News
St ly i D V AI Stc ft utb Himc Fc Choi s
N(\
Mu L i ibo U PI til in t Th J b Rci Ol t 1 ’Ml C ll \ llictlLS
N ft
I( i Tim T n s Just Rc! i\
N ft
L ttlc Miss Ml n tt M c Vtsp I Sp itb Review Mm te t J a>ei Dinnc H i
N ftft
Chine c Stoi th T. 1 i Ic “W indM I IV i! All ft Hitl 1
11 00 11 50
1 00-
1 H 1 10
i no
15
J *^0
1 30
Insirudiiotl Classes m Beginncis Secondaiy (p“12 W P M ) and Advanced (12 W P W ) Code Instruction arc being otganjifed Se6tiotid will meet two (2) horns pfeit wifeelcs Monday thiough Fiiday at 4 and 5 p m Olasscs will begin Monday Novem ber 16 and Will contWlc for a peiiod of six (6) weeks Sign up in the Supply Room in the Aimory piior to 4 p m Novembci 15 Non military studeritb 'aic welcome —HESTERBERG Crew A^embers of Pursuit of Happiness Meeting changed from Tuesday to Monday November 22 at 4 p m in Fowler Hall —STERNBERG Chem Engineers and Chemists At the November meeting Carl Minor will bpeak of Chemical Patents Be theie —GREEN Independent Students PIA office is open Gveiy afteinoon fiom 4 to 5 p m for those who wish to piocure membei ships - PERILLE Dolphin Mcetin of actives Tuesday N vember 23 at C If p m in rjorn 104 if the TieJdhouse Plans foi show and for initia tion will be discussed —JlTJRPHY Phi Kappa Tau Meeting Monday Novem bei 22 at f 30 p m in Exponent olfic —MURPHY Interhdtihnal ReldtJons Club The meet in„ of TLucfaday evening Novembci 23 will have ns its discubhion leader Di Scars of the history depaitment The meeting begins at ^ 30 in the lounge oi the Uniftersitj Presbyterian Chuich GARRETl ICappii Delta P! Ail those ftvho owe money bring to office in Education Building by Tuesday of next week ANDREW Sigma Alpha Epsilon Meeting to be held m the Old Chestnut Roi m of the Union Tuesday at 6 30 Ploasi be prempt
JONES
All Students Thi L who have not rt ccjved their August 1943 Debris please cal! loi youi copy it nee NTESE DelH Tau Delta All Delts in the armtd forces stall ned in the cimpus ire invite) to (hop ovei at the hou t or call 50^1 in the neai future so a g t tog ther pnity can be planned —THANKS Exponent Mass m etii g f all staffs on Thinsday Noftembor25 at 1 4r p m —MURPHY Pistol Team Tryouts The fdloftving stu dents are invited to try out foi the pistol t am on Tuesday Novembci 23 at ^ p m on the Armoiy range H B Biyan R C Don I H Earl A F Garnci J R Giatrn H W Crube W J Haeger E N Jacobs T E Leatley G A Lottes W J Lutz C R McCUHand C E Nichols J H NoOt^i r I Pnlur L V Thomas R S Weddell R L Winthcll C J Winkler —Mil 11 ARY DEPARTMENT Chiislian Science Organization Regular nneting will be hell Tuc daft N ivombei 23 it 7 30 p m in the toftver of th( Union —SCHWANDT Alpha Zeta Meeting on Tuesday Novem ber 23 at p m in ifom 355 of the Union Ekction of chancellor will b the main issue —RULE Theta Alpha Phi Mcetiig of actives an 1 pledges Tuesday November 23 at 5 4) m tl e Cafeteria DELONC Chem 3 4 23 The condition exam will he given Sat irday N{ vember *^7 it 1 p m in loom 233 of the Chem Annex Nobo ly ad mitttd Without caul piopeily api roved in alv ncc PhARCE Alpha Lambda Delta Compulsoiy meeting Fue da> Novembci *^3 it 1 i m in loom tl of the Union MINER Ceres All m mbeis i t 1 t) Ut i I meet n{ on Wedne d ly Novembci 21 it i m in u m 01 f th« Uni n 1 1 dgts will bo selectc 1 t till tin ( RULL "*Sigma Delta Chi A me ting M ndav n^ht t ^ in the Fxponent ( ffie Ali let ves sh ) kl tt i 1 AI3BFTT
Personn^ Notj^s iiii MiUiiniriijf f ii.Hiititiyi , .y Companies scheduled to visit the campus: ) i Carbide & Carbon Chemicals Corpoiation, S Chaileston, W Mohday, NoYehibei 22 IfitCie'stad in Ch E , M E , M E , Fairbanks, Morse & Co., Beloit, Wisconsin—Date to be announced. Interested in M E , E E Garfield Division of HoudaiUeHershey Corporation, Decatur, Ill< —Date to be announced Interested m Ch E , Met E ^ feCA, Camden, N J —DecCmbfer 4 —Intel ested m EE, ME, phySicists, P SjE , Chcniists (B S , ,
PhD ), ChE
The Carter Oil Company, Tulsa, Okla—Decehibei 9 Intel ested ih EE, CE, ChE, ME, chemists (B S , M S , Ph D ) Fedei dl Telephone and Radib Gofporation, E Newark, N J —Date to be announced Inteiested in chemists, EE, P S E , ME, physicists
These companies axe not scheduled to visit the campus, however, they die inteiested in students for
employment
Taylor Instrument Companies, Rochestei, N Y —Inteiested in Met E , M E , Physicists, Chemists (M S , PhD ) Corning Glass Works, Coining, N Y —Inteiested in M E , Ch E Sign by November 24 Soconj Vacuum Oil Company, New York—Inteiested in E E , geophysicists, geologists Sign by No-
vembei 30
llie B r Godrich Co, Akion, O Inteiested m tinte study engineers Sign by Novembei 24 Ashland Oil & Refining Company, Ashland KentuckyJ-Inteiested Ch E , ME, chemists Sign by No-
vcmbei 27
Libby, McNe 11 & Libby, Chicago, 111—Inteiested in M E Sign by No-
vembei 24
Swimmers Dick Papenguth, Riveter swi ming coach, is looking for m^ who like to swim. Practice sersions are held from 7 to 8, Tuesday and Ihursday evenings, and Irom 4 30 to 6 any other afternoon Report to the Fieldhouse pool at any of these times.
all Ass c ite F litor at ( MO p m Tucs lay N ft ml 1 2i n Ih Lxp merit fit H th rc s that the plans can be made before th mas rieel ng of ill ftvoil ei VI GII ASMI Open meetirii Wt Inesdiy N ivem Ui 21 t 30 p n in i m 103 M F I llrg C loi Ol n I films will be shown
WORMSER
TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
Buy War Bonds lamiene — NOW PLAYING IN RHYTUMI ftiat ferrific twosome *m happiest, heartiest musicai kttt
Mail’s Catholic Church 12th and Columbia Rev Fdnard Holland Student Pastor () 30 8 00 9 30 11 00—M-iss 5 00 5 45 and aftei 7 15 on S it ui day—Confessions First Chiistian Church Corner Sixth and North Rev Doyle Mullen, Mmistei 9 30—Sunday School class De votions will be led by John Snydei the spe ikei is to be Dean V C
TODAY and TOMORROWSfiTi^y, Nommbbr 21, 1943
Putidue Exponent
Pages
IfM fta li^dldS * (Continued fro'm page 1) most si&d^e’fe^fil stsufeftns ift history. ^ ?^bell Ctlihe to this University fri^i J9(bugton< Tex Jh 1934 ahd gr^duhted fiom the physical edueAlibH ^chdol iflt ISkiS Dtning the yuur{§ thM heiplayfed on the !6^l6rmaher liquad he was selected oji' ^tKe aii-confei ence teams ail'd htiiis ’last yfear he tyas selected oit 'tfed irtl-Anteticftif te&m dldhg Sid lidebman He parked tiis supers Under the all-Anied ican berth by virtue of his bullet-like -eUiiSistent 60-yard punting, fa^'thirt were hard to watch and hft^^r''atill to catch, dtiVe that Shdme a 'pilednver and eonsietlsut jdl-tewuhd play Following his brilliant Careei Wj|fi5tlife Bhildrhlakers, Cecil joWed tHj^ ISt^eh 'Bay Baefcers and together iVrHH Dan Hutson established pftsS records, ftiOSt of which Sttil Sttfftd Midday, In his five yeais foi the Packers he set i’ecOrdS' 419 completed* jjJfesIdS'tn'■five years, most com plated passes in one season, 146; rU^t yards gamed in one season, 2(1^11; most ydrds gained in one gliirae; 883 (brOkeii by Sid Luckman kat tVeek); most touchdown passes ih iWe yfiatS, 69; scored consecutive paSSTB in 24 games Sam Voiwoff Sam Voinoff has been assistant Imp coach heie for nine seasons and bpiytmd a doubt is one of the hardest V^Vking men in the physical educatlfop departnient Besides being on Ap fpotball coaching staff, he has iippp most' df "the scouting foi the S * -lodthaH* games In his 'e tlme''hd tthiks nut new and ik^eiSts ThV the PE 12 dephftkept;''’ kf,I
Sam came over from Bulgaria in 1921 and attended High 'school at Sullivan, Ind, wheie he played guaid and was named on the allstateteam foi foui straight yeais In 1928 he came to this Univeisity and played on the 1929 team which wetit thiOtigh an undefeated season and won the Western Confeience Title Kte also played in 1930, ^hd m 1931 they weie again Conference champions His teammates on the 1931 team included such stais as “Pest” Welch, Glenn Harmeson, “West Slate, Joe Steals and Jim Puivis Picks Banvegen and Agase Aftei having played guaid in both high school and college football and having coached the line foi eight yeais, Sammy feels that he has seen just about eveiy kind of a guaid He also stated that Dick BaiWegen and Alex Agase aie the best that he has evei seen JOe Dienhart Being coach of one of the best lines in the country may soipid like an easy job but that just isn’t the case It also may have been a pleasant one, but a lot of woik was involved in developing a line that could stand up undei the biunt of nine games Joe Dienhait coached at St Joseph for five yeais befoie coming heie in August to take ovel the job of line coach While at St Joseph, Joe coached the football, basketball and baseball teams He turned out a eviy successful football team, one of which boasted a winning stieak of 21 games in a row, and also coached his basketball and baseball teams to the little confeience championships Joe Dienhait was boin in Lafay ette in 1922 and giaduated fiom Jeffeison High School aftei having played three yeais of football and basketball Piom theie he went to
Meet
Grazidsfand
The Team
By Buss Lipes
With the leaving of some of the moie valuable players of the Boil^eimakei football squad, many new playdis have taken the spotlight Among these is the 6 ft 1 in 210 lb
GEORGE MIHAL
Notie Dame, wheie he was at the guaid position on the famous team known as the Foui Horsemen and Seven Mules He was also a teammate of the late Noble Kizei, who coached the Boileimakei squad fiom 1920 to 1935
STRAUSS SAYS ■ IT'S ONE DAY NEARER
A Catalog of Naval Uniforms and Accessories With Our Compliments
VICTORY
Novembei 19—The pep session last night bUie started the old excitement 1 ollihg, and that, combined with bui own thoughts about tomoilow's game, is enough to confuse oiu mihd to the point that we chn’t settle dbiVn to woik Well, anyway, here gbes Anybody that said that the Boileimakei football team didn’t have any spnit had bettei think again We weie at practice eveiy night duiing the past Week and we saw just what shape the boys weie in befoie the “big game ” Take it liom us, they weie laim’ to go We’ll take the Riveters by one touchdown over the Hoosieis Lon Mann, team trainer, expressing his opinion about the game to us said that ho’ll take the Riveters 20 to 7 A Very Successful Season Looking back over what can be described as the most successful Boilermaker giidiion season m many yeais, we recall how the Boilermakers were described as the “mysteiy” team of the Western Confeience during pie season piac tice It’s no mysteiy now just how powerful those Riveters are Ask the eight teams that have aheady been beaten by them, and then look Geoige Mihal from Gary George, a civilian fieshman, looks veiy piomising at his fullback position Mihal giaduated from Emerson High School, where he captained the football team m his senior year and twice received honorable mention on the all-state team Dm mg his fom years of high school foot ball the Emerson team lost only six games In addition to four letter s in football, Geoige earned three in basketball and three nr track He won second place in shot putting Geoige IS not the first in the family to attend the University His biother, Joe Mihal,-was an AllAmeiican tackle here m 1939 Joe IS now a second lieutenant m the Army An Coips Being interested in music, Geoige IS a good singer and his teammates and brothers at the Sigma Chi Fiateinity can verify this When asked about his opinion ol the team, Mihal said, “It’s really a pleasure playing with such a swell gioup of fellows, vlio take so much interest in the game ”
at the national standing^ There is only Olio regict that we have for the season, and that is that Tony Butkevich, Alex Agase, John Gems, Ed ^Cyeenas, Bill Stuart, Gil Moidohy Tom Hughes and all the other boys who had to leave the s'quad early could not be around to finish the season with this mighty Riveter ball club Tony se't a conference record that should stand for years, and might have stood foievei if Tony had been able to complete the season The play and spuit of Agase and Gems and the otheis will be lemembered foi a long time by Riveter fans, and, might we add, by the opponents’ fans also Anothei Sdccessfiil Season The little publicized Boilermaker track and cross country squads will be the guests of the Lafayette Rotary Club at a luncheon Tuesday noon Under the guidance of Coach Heimon Phillips, the cioss country squad took the Big Ten championship lecently, with little Eddie El lesson leading the team to victory, closely followed by Bob Mannfeld Although the doings of the squad have been few and outshadowed by tlm performances of the gridiron squad. Coach Phillips ex pressed the opinion that this year’s cross country squad was the best he had ever had Good work, man, and here’s luck on the forthcoming mdooi season Basketball Season Opening Also looking into the near future, the basketball card will open in just thiee weeks Piggy Lam belt has been working hard with his chaiges, and although he doesn’t have much to say about them at the present time, he has said that there are some very fast men out for the squad To date he has had one cut and should have anothei one short ly Following the second cut, we should be able to get a pietty good idea of what this year’s basketball squad will look like Congratulations to the instigators of Thursday night’s pep ses Sion Although it got off to a rather slow start, it ended with a bang, reminding us ol the “good old days ” Despite the fact that many service men weie quaitered, and many coeds were busy with soioiity rush, the largest crowd of the season turned out to express their feelings Sputlerings Pinky Warren, a member ol last season’s football squad, was back watching the boys woik out last night He has his commission as a second lieutenant in the Mamie Coips now Wiestling is about to get under way heie
Lambert To Start 2/th I 1 ^ A « Season Of Coaching
THE NAVY has appointed »ft; i. ' The Man's Store (for this area)— to present Officers' Uniforms and Accessories under the Naval Plan. This straight-line, selective procedure— (from Navy —to Manufacturer — to Retailer — to the Navy) creates a standard of quality and an outstanding degree of value — that is evidently impossible under any other method.
Military Clothes are presented with a complete understanding of Regulations—with the fullest services —including an Alteration and Fitting Service that can do miracles in emergencies
l. STRAUSS S CO. » THE MAN'S STORE "ONE 6f the great military shops of AMERICA" I NDI ANAPOLIS •
//
BUY YOURS NOW
only
only
Meet The Team By Bill Garber “Elliott now playing fullback foi the Boileimakeis in place of But kovich ” So blaied foith the pub he addiebs &ystem in the Wisconsin game Foi Elliott, whose full name IS Chalmeis William Elliott, the en tiance into the game maiked the
CHALMERS ELLIOTT end of a peiiod of foiced idleness, due to the fact that the Navy Depaitment will not allow first semester fieshmen to engage in inteicollegiate spoits It also maiked the successful leap from high school ball to the college giidiion Befoie his entiance at the Uni vei sity, via the helpful hands of the Maiine Coips “Bumps” as he is called, played tor Bloomington High of Bloomington 111 (not Indiana) While at this school he captained his football team to the Big Twelve championship, a cential Illinois ti tie He was also the captain ot the basketball and baseball teams Foi hib athletic activities he leceived thiee majoi letteis “Bumps,” who IS 170 pounds and who st^Y'ds 5 teet 10 inches plays a haid fast game at the biuismg tullb ick slot standing up well in the shoes of the depaited Tony But kovich In the Minnesota game it was Elliott who scoied the fiist touchdown plunging over from the one yaid line His speed also helps ill his position, as his many long gainst show Contiaiv to most student opinion that football playeis aie physical education majors, “Bumps” is a fieshman engineei In the opinion ot his many close fiiend*^, “ ‘Bumps’ IS veiy modest and intelligent ” We can attest to that Faculty Bowling
LEAGUE STANDINGS
An
W
Jd'amed foi the eightS^ tilttb M-G-M, iviickey 'Roronoy anil Gailaiid take to the open spaces for then latest him, the intectious “Qirl Ciazy”, now playing at the Lafayette Iheatre romtny Dorsey and his music men furnish the musical background.
SERVICE MEN
AND
CIVILIANS "JhiA. Ja. ^jiA, (Book!
THE DEBRIS
(Purdue’s Yearbook)
u
u
Extension
btorcs
Animal Husb Mcch Lnj,r I Poultiy
Dairj
Aui Exp Sta
(icn
Nav il Tr School Aj,i Chem 11 Aprroiu Aimi ir I^cit ition Executive Chemistry I Biol uy 1 neli U
Elec
Aimy I
Ph u m icy
Ph> les
Horticulture Ciwl Ent,i A^i 1 1 ei (hcmistij II IVIeeh I iu,r II Aj?r Chem I
For*, to
Phv iLil Plant
R uli 1 nj,i Chem Liijri
Am Chem HI HirH Team Sets
Gtneial Stou 91 ^'*11 Rceitition (S I
Hikh Team Games
Reeit iti )n 90 t Dair%
Lxtenbion 9 8 High Ind Sets
t lip '"b I chi tt Wyl oil H n\lcrson jtI
High Ind Games
CathuMs > d ^31 How aid 228 E
22 Uhlei 2’
high learn Sets To Date Gen 1 nj,r 2''M) Eke hnj,! Recitation 2801 tx eutue ’ ) High Team Games To Date Aui Chem 1 H Ihesieii JJ > Chem U 9M K eit iti m )) t High \\ eeklj^ Ind bets To Date Lisl y Uh Milker 008 I* re t
Knxg 001
High Wuekij Ind Games To Date 1 i&!^e> ir t -lo hntield Ci th i w lud J1 High Ind \^gs ) Games or Over I iskui l Ithk 1 l"b CuH 1 lull 1 1 li t 1 VV I Claik H I U is i II Se il IS LIlil 1 Huv il UM is \\>k tl lh8 H I i P B Cuiti It Hes i I lb \-hei
Wtilke> It
B xten i in ,utive - 3
)bl Bind r
By Paul Gatl^r It will be the twenty-seventh time in as many years that Coach Ward “Piggy” Lambert has pwt a figKtfrtg quintet on the hardwood floor when the basketball season opens Decemhei 11 because that’s how long “Piggy ’ has been head basketball mentor heie at the University Fver since Lambert has been here he has been pioducing some of the finest teams and individual players that have come out of this state, which has always been noted for its basketball teams Since 1916, when ‘Piggy’ ’took over the lems of the basketball team he has manofactuied eleven Confeience titles, the most of any team in the Western Conference —a tiuly magnificent tiibute to his coaching ability Has Nine Scoring Champions In the line ot All-Americans that his teams have piodnced, “Piggry” has also shown his master’s touch, having nine Western Conference Individual Scoring champions in the many years that he has been here The fiist of the many stais to show up iindei Ward Lambert’s hand was big six foot one-half inch “Stretch” Muiphy, who could really sink those shots “down under ” Stietch was named All Ameiican 'Sluiing his junior year and also during his senioi year at the University It was dm mg his junioi year in 1929, that Stietch set a Big Ten Individual Scoring record by tallying 145 points Win Title In “30” The next yeai saw Johnny Wooden named All-Ameiican as he led the 1930 aggiegation through a.season of ten wins as against no losses to take the Western Conference title Wooden was only a sophomoie and foi the next two years starred on the Rivetei team He wap named to All-Ameiican honors in ’31 and ’32, but only the 1932 season pi oduced anything like the 1930 lecoid foi the team, the Boilermakers lacking up eleven wins to one loss to take the Conference title The yeai 1934 brought forth Norm Cottom, stellar performer, to be followed by another All-Ameii-can Bob Kesslei m J936 Cottom took high scoiing honors for the year ’34 with a total of 119 points, while Kessler scoied 160 points The All Amei leans led Lambeit’s teams to Confeience championships m the yeais ’34, ’35, ’36 Young Stars In ’38 Pei haps one of the gieatest of the Riveteis’ many stais and one of the best lemembered was Jewell Young, 1938 star, known thioughout the nation foi his fine plav He personally set a new Individual Scoimg record of 184 points in one season, which held until last year when it was bioken by Andy Phillips of the Illinois “Whiz Kids”, who scoied well over 200 points in accomplishing the
feat
Last year’s team didn’t produce much ot a lecoid, gaineimg an aveiage of 450 but it lived up to the tiadition of all of Lambeit’s teams —that of being the gamest, flghtm’est team in the confeience It added a biilliant climax to an otherwise disappointing season, because of one win—that over a high riding, cocky Indiana quintet, who previous to the loss to the Riveters had lost but one game It was a teiiible upset foi the Hoosiei-s, losing by a ocoie of 41 38 Featuring a neainot and some fighting by Max Biggs, who had been the spark of the team in the late stages of the Conteience race, the Rivetei hve, playing the best ball game in the last three yeais, stormed to a rousing win, thus ending the year’s basketball in typical Lambert style, satistying all the dyed m the-wool Riveter fans and providing ample topic toi conversation about a good hie for yeais to come Notice All cash award scholarship holders whose scholarships expire in November should contact the ofhee of the Division of Educational Reference Failure to do so may result in forfeiting of the scholarship H H. REMMERS, Director.
Classified Ads ^ Waiters Wanted—Apply to Rosenbaum
Buy War Bonds
And Stamps
Lost—t old tnd black Paikcr 51 with name I I iIcAii Kiltnburth with, itwartl ' Phone
olU
Money to Loan—On diumomK watche-v Riins) lukk iKc typc\vritcr& Loan OUkl 40 (.ulunibia l>pewriters>—^ddiiik machiiu*' ail makea Slid rtiitcd rctMircd and purchased Mimecv kiuph wcik done L P bbci-ijhotf b05 latavtttc PhoiK 2"'’9
marked Gcoii,k M Watt waid Phuuc 23o2
1Q8 Waidcoa.fiiige 4'
EoUermafcer Sports
Sunday, November 21^ 1943
Clevett Announces Basketball Plans For Army, Navy, Fraternity Units
Reeck Loses Stars 'Bo' McMillin Sad ^ While He Reviews
Previous Records
By Wally Brown
With only one inenibei left fiom the Big Nine championship squad of two yeais ago, piospects aie only fan foi the Rivetei’s wrestling team this yeai This, however, is not due
Student Senate Harriers Possess Holds Election Enviable Record
Program Committee Announces Late Engagement Of Adagio Act For Fifth Victory Varieties Show
Announcement was made Friday by the Victory Varieties
' Student Senate is anxious to have Ending one of the most successful a laige numbei of seivice men and cioss countiy seasons that Coach civilians become more active m Unj- Phillips has had, the cross countiy
By Paul Garber vei sity affaii L by petitioning foi po- team will turn from lunning the dis
“We haven’t a chance on papei, sitions as lepiesentatives in the tance races and start leheaising foi committee of the engagement of an additional act to appear to giaduation, but to the fact that but—’’That’s “Bo” McMillm speak elections which will be held Wednes- the indoor season m a couple of Thanksgiving evening program in the MusiC Hall.
Chief Clevett, head of the intro most of the members of that squad mg, head football coach of THE day, MiUr Koncek, chairman of weeks This year the team met with Maurice and Betty Whalen, an adagio team who have beep apmural office, has announced plans aie now in the aimed loices Coach hated iival, Indiana He^s the man publicity foi the Senate, has an- gieat success as it won the coniei t> -p 4-i^ t> i rr r*u
Claude Reeck does not tomplam behind those impressive (’) teams nounced Petitions may be obtained ence title, three dual meets and fin- pcaring m the Finpire Koorn 01 tPe ralmer MOUSe m UmCag , about the situation too severely, but that the “fighting Hoosieis” have m room 360 of the Union for a fee ished second in the state meet is the last act to be Signed by -
for the coming basketball tournaments There will be three differ-
ent tournaments in all—Army, considers them as his boys who are managed to put upon the field, year of $1, and must be returned with 50 The first meet of the season was the committee with Miss Donegan by popular deNavy and fraternitv doing the part for which he helped after year signatures by 5 p ni Tuesday Sgainst Culver Military Academy, Featured on the fifth VlCThe army schedule for this Mon- to tiain them Alvin Nugent ‘ Bo” McMillm is j,, pointing out the advantages which the Boilermakers won 16-49 ^ Varieties Will be Art Kas- Pranks tap dance, play day has been arranged by the in- Among the stars who attained perhaps best known throughout the of Senate membership. Miss Koni- In this match, Tom Judge, Erie Eric- rat, rr r +B A v comedy bits, tramural office The aimy will play that enviable record, were Prank Big Nine for the fine job he did cek mentioned practical experience sson, Tom Mannfeld, Bill Biele and sel and niS KaSSelS 1X1 tne 1 , Their act is built around speed with in the Fieldhouse gymnasium on Ruggerlo, who was a two time hold- when, as captain of the “Praying office work, possibilities for or- M Peterson, finished first, second, who are now leaving the BlS- especial emphasis being placed upMonday and Wednesday nights ei of the Big Nine heavyweight Colonels” of Centre College, Ky , he ganization of many all campus pro- third, fourth and sixth, respectively marck Hotel in Chicago They broad- on their dancing and comedyrng Thirty-eight teams have entered title, Don Netteshein, Warren Evi helped defeat a powerful and highly social contacts which The next meet was against the cast daily over WGN and have been Rest Of Program the competition aton, and Velmar Davis, who were touted Harvard team by a score of meeting many people, Hoosiers, which the RiVeterS took featured on the Pitch Bandwagon Included on the program will be
Navy Competition Under Way runners up in that year’s competi 7 0 By this one victd^^. Centre Col- students and faculty
The navy tournanient has already tion Netteshein is the only one of lege won everlasting lame He is gotten under way, with the cham- these who is left, and he is expected perhaps better known through these pionships of several companies hav- to be the mam stay of this years parts, though, fqi the “high” esteem ing been decided^lready Thus far, team he has always felt toward the Boil
3B has been the outstanding five Wrestling lo Continue 1 his Year eimaker squads At the start of each and revrval of cain-
They have copped the champion- which befell the Boiler season, “Bo” has always found his ships of f-ompanies 1 and 2, the makers is not unusual, howevei for totally inadequate for most recent victory coming over the ggasog-g 'sqiuxds in the coming season and has put his 2P team for the Company 2 chain- ^he same misfortune to the imaginary “wailing pionship \ince Chicke played a situation prompted most ^all” (available to all sports prominent part in both these vie- ggHeges to consider abandonment of coaches) and has tested his lungs tones In fact his play was so gp^j^j. jjowevei it has recently dwcl'bly Yet, in spite of all “Bo’s” outstanding that “Piggy” Lambert announced that all of the Big weeping he has managed to turn has asked him to come out for the schools will have squads this share of stars, including Boilermaker varsity The winning ^g^^^ Hilleiibiand Saban, Logan, and a
score for 3B was 34 22 Coach Reeck has made very plain of others The next scheduled game for the ^j^g j,g ,„tends to use seiv Since “Bo s
coming to the Indi
navy tournament will be played on Tuesday night, when 3B plays D
for the laurels of Company 3 Fraternity Teams Practice The fraternity teams have al
ready had one practice game under their belts, and will probably be scheduled for another practice game before the season gets under
the following manner ‘Wrestling helps prepare a boy for self detense There are certain fundamental pi in
full steam Last Thursday night ciples which will help him to con Tau Epsilon phi. Acacia Tau Sig tiol a person who is larger than he ’ ma, Sigma Nu, Beta Sigma Psi, lomorrow Is Callout Kappa Psi, Phi Sigma Theta, Phi ^he first callout for viestling is Phi, Beta Theta Pi, Alpha Sigma ]\jonday Novcmbei 22nd in the Phi, Chi Alpha, Theta Xi, Lambda- ^^lestling room at the fieldhouse Pi, Sigma Alpha Mu, Triangle and Coach Reeck wants to encourage
Sigma Chi all participated in warm-
up tilts
The army basketball managers are D Blackburn, F M Schnaible, B Sand, P F Olenick R E Meisky, J M Piper, J B Caziei, A Finkelstein, H Atwood, C Loree, T J Reynolds, J A Kramer, D Norquist D L Kline, W S Blaustein, W I Lough, N E Buchwal ter, J Van Sweden L J Peiiy, H S Dunkeiley, L Seen a, H N Stumpff, L L Dess W F Um bright, H R Delongy R Alexan der, R Lalley, G A Giangrande, J C Mortonson N L Smith T R Young, J B McCloskey, F Carey, J T Caroompas, A C Putnam The army schedule for Monday
night
Court 1—6 45, B1 vs E7, 7, B2 vs E8, 7 55, B3 vs F2, 8 10, B4 vs
D3
Court 2—6 45, B5 vs D4, 7 00, B6 vs Cl, 7 55, B7 vs C3, 8 10, C4 vs C6 Court 3—6 45, C5 vs C7, 7 00, D1 vs Al, 7 55, D2 vs A2, 8 10, Dc vs El Try An Exponent Classified’
ice men liberally in this season’s ana campus, in 1934 he has chalked county groups and several divisions down the list with 63 In this impoi squad This is not to discourage up quite a record, liaMiig won thir of war fund workers in Lafayette taut contest, Mannfeld took second, civilians because both aie welcome ty two games, lost thirty five and to complete their collections of do Ericson, fourth, Haynes, ninth. He hopes, though, that the service tied seven not including this year s nations, the deadline for the close Kennedy, eleventh, and Biele, thii
men will take the advantages which record Of the Big Ten games he of the drive has been extended to teenth
the sport offers and sums it up in has won seventeen, lost twenty Saturday, accoiding to T R John The payoff came when the Boiler
three and tied three However, at ston, director of the University bu makers stole the show at Chicago the colleges he had coached pievi leau of information and general by taking the Conference meet with ously h s teams have scored a moie chaiiman of the war fuond drive in but 26 points and the first second impressive record At Centenary Tippecanoe county sixth, eighth and ninth places The College La (1922 1921), ‘Bo’s’ Special efforts to wind up the order of the Riveter runners was
bo^s scored twenty five wins as drive successfuly by the end of the against thiee losses At Geneva Col week will include enlisting the help lege Pa (1925 1927), his team of coeds Johnston also announced scored twenty seven wins to five Approximately $500 000 has been
losses and one tie At Kansas State collected m the county to date with was with Indiana The Hoosieis (1928 1934), he managed to win about $12 000 of that amount do were beat in the dual relay 41 tp
nnnnrtnTiitv to ppt into athlelips and twenty nine games losing twenty nated by persons connected with the 36 Sometime after Christmas the R affords an excellent oppoiUinity o-, and tieing one University Although no definite Rweters will have their fust meet foi a small peison to win a lettei This yeai*s lecoid wasn’t quite quota was set foi the Univeisity of the wintci schedule
Also wiestling is a i^ieat buildei of up to pai **Bo s” fieshmen and fund officials hoped that at least
men and teaches the principles of 4 F’eis as he righteously (no doubt) $14 000 will be given by Umveisity StlBerer
sportsmanship and good clean likes to call his team having won stiff and students
fightiiij, two games lost two ind tied one. Those who still wish to contiibiite one woman theatei,” will In connection with this callout ui conference play, pievious to the uiay turn in then contributions at piesent cuttings from the cm
easily, 19 41 Again Judge, Ericson Appearing with Kassel will be Joy Addiienne and Hank, a surprise and Mannfeld finished one, two, Gloria Hart, Jimmy Featherstone comedy duo, who work with the thiee and Earl Randall audience, Ada Lynne, former mem.^ Finish Second In State Meet One of America’s best known ber of Our Gang Comedy, now an Then came the Wisconsin run at negro quartets, the Vagabonds, will impiessionist, singer and' dancer; Madison, which the Riveters won, perform Thursday They also broad Hubert Dyer and Company, a com16 47 The same trio again. Judge, cast daily on several commercial edy novelty act who specialize in Ericson, Mannfeld, took the first programs trapeze and swing work three places After these three dual One Of Last Appearances The program will begin at 8 p m. meets, Tom Judge was sent to De Now appearing at the Latin Quai- Thursday evening Admission will Pariw for Navy training and this tei, the Four Franks will make one be by tickets which may be purhandicapped the Riveters so that in of then last appearances before chased for fifty cents at the followthe next meet, which was the state they disband when they play at the ing stores Decker’s, Glatz’ and meet with Notre Dame and Indiana, University They were engaged at Loeb’s in Lafayette, and Deac’s, the Boileimakers were nosed out by the Latin Quarter to play in the ab Southworth’s, the Cashier’s office, two points, as the Irish took first gence of Doiothy Donegan, piano and the musical organization’s office place with 31 counters, followed by specialist who appeared on the last on the West Side In order to allow the Tippecanoe Purdue with 33 and Indiana long Variety show Upon Miss Done
gall’s return, they were held over Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Projects organized by Senate include Coed Canteens, successfully opeiated during the inter session, campus tutoring service, lost and
pus traditions
War Fund To Set Deadline For Close Of Drive As Saturday
everyone to come out This is a big
Eiicson Mannfeld, Peterson, Ken
nedy and Biele
This fall the Boileimakers had six weeks of track and one meet which
the president’s office or the wai fund office loom 211 of the Wallace
there w ill be a wrestling tournament game against the Boileimakers
held early in December Entires will
fight in the following classes 121 the idea that you must have had Lafayette
lb 128 lb, 136 lb 145 lb 155 lb previous experience to make a good 165 lb 175 lb and heavyweight, wiestlei This is proven by facts plus a few additional classes which alone, because three fourths of the will be announced latei These squad members over a peiiod of six classes promote fairer fights and years have had no expeiience pie prevent comparison of large and vious to coming, to college The pui small contestants pose of the squad is to teach wrest
Learn To Wrestle
Poultry School
rent Broadway successes, ‘ Harii eite ” Yngel Street ” “Oklahoma ” at S p m tomoirow in Eliza Fowler Hall
held its 25th annual short
course here last week A total of 22 l:^tcheiy men, poultry farmers
and beginners from Indiana, Mary
ling and not to find out how much land, Colorado, Ohio Michigan and
Most people have the idea that you learned in high school Illinois attended the week’s session, wrestling requires a wrestling build Several meets have been sched which came to an end Friday Em Factually there is no such thing uled for the Riveter wrestlers this phasis throughout the meeting was Lightweights are equally as good as season, among which is a four way placed on impioved methods of heavier men All that the sport re meet between Indiana Illinois feeding and disease control
quires is a sincere willingness to Michigan and Purdue This match
learn Another mistaken thought is will be held aiound Christmas Buy War Bonds And Stamps
MAKE MILLER'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS Records (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest hits) Instruments and Accessories Instrument Repairing MILLER MUSIC CO. 514 Mam Lafayette Phone 7917
^HICKORY "The Lft that never lets gou down' For the exam what am —keep calm collected and comlortable clad in perky PERMA ☆ LIFT For if a miracle doesn t happen to help your marks— there s one designed to help your figure Secretly processed cushion insets at the base of the bra cups on this miracle bra gently lift the bosom, hold a firm rounded contour Never more a limp or lax bra So come in today and take the cue for a higher IQ with PERMA*LIFT
Palais Roua
Fur-Trim Coat? . . . Don't Merely Say: . . . "Clean It."
An important thought for tins time of year thai FUR must be protected — ^ust have the RIGHT kind of cleamng — what there is of it requires tire sane dis criminating cate as an ALL fur garmcnr Also, each kind of fur must be cleaned according to Its individual peculiarities— and your fur trim may re quire a different method of cleaning fiom that which is best for the CLOTH part of your coat Therefore, be sure to dis cuss with us in advance the details of cleaning your Fur Trimmed Coat Be sure you have It done RIGHT Don t merely say elean it ’ PHONE 3085 AMERICAN LAUNDRY Sanitone CLEANERS
Here’s Good News .. . Men! WE NOW HAVE HEALTHKNIT KUT-UP SHIRTS AND MAC DEES SHORTS For Winter or Y^ar ’Round Wear!
Thieme & Wangerin
622-626 Main Street
aL 3ti}sh’A, %oihnA, Qounish,
☆
^ PHnted uiithYourNctmc The ea,r. - which yo» . Choose From
f
day