/ Notre Dame 7
Minnesota 13
Fordham 14
Wisconsin 13
Ohio State 2|
t Michigan State 32
Army 0
Northwestern 12
North Carolina 0
Illinois 6
Indiana 6
Kansas State 0
jDat/y Si»7C^
i Volume 52, No. 48
West Lafayette, Indiana
Simdoy, November 3, 1940
7Co-ed Finalists To Speak I Tuesday In Lodde Contest Finals in the thirteenth annual Lodde Speech Contest will be held in the Home Economics Auditorium Tuesday night at 7: SO o’clock.
the 33 semi-finalists to be in the finals. These speakers are: Gwendolyn Retzloff, Bernadine Lamb, Betty Wedge, Mary Jane Dayton, Betty Lou Wallace, Ann Ostrander and Mabel Vaughen. The final speeches will last from 10 to 15 minutes. Decisions will be made after the ' last speech and the cups will be awarded Tuesday night. The organization having the most points will receive a cup, as will the co-ed winning the contest. Kappa Alpha Theta sorority has won the organization cup the last two years and another win will give it permanent possession of the cup. In former years the individual winner has been given a plaque, but a cup will be awarded at this contest. The following organizations are represented in the finals: Kappa Kappa Gamma, Kappa Alpha Theta, Pi Beta Phi, WJIH South, and independent eo-ed groups. Judges secured so far are Mrs. E. C. Elliott, Miss Clare Coolidge, Fred C. Goldsmith, and Prof. P. E. Lull. m.j.f.
^ Night Editor's Corner
Funniest Thing 4 ... in ytesterday^s copy, this morning’s paper, was the Purdue Wheelmen’s notice which said something about a ride this afternoon at the * certain place and at the certain time, and ended with averse “No picnic.” . O. K., so an afternoon’s bicycle * ride is tough on your—well, whatever the PE’s call it... We had a little peace and quiet in ’ the office yesterday fof the first time in this season of SaWday afternoons. Everyone forgot to bring a ^ radio, and, although we like to listen to Eoilermaker games, it plays I havoc with our coj^y-feading. Maybe we should bU'*'® listened to j the game. j.a.p.
What— Second Edition of the Scandalous ^TeUow^Dog” When— Monday Morn Why— Political Razzing Where—■ On Canopus How Much-r-Five Cents
Wisconsin Ag School Dean To Talk Before Country Life Session •Chris L. Christensen, dean of the University of Wisconsin school of agriculture, will speak here Friday afternoon as part of the program of the American Country Life Association annual conference which opens on campus Wednesday and continues through Saturday night. Dean Christensen, a member of the board of directors of the association, will take part in a panel discussion on “The Rural Community’s Role in Planning Agricultural Programs,” along with Carl C. Taylor, of the United States Department of Agriculture at Washington, D. C., Murray D. Lincoln of the Ohio Farm Bureau, and others at 2 o’clock Friday afternoon. The meeting is expected to draw persons from rural sections throughout the nation, j.a.p. Tickets ... for “Everything But Onions,” Student Union sponsored Thanksgiving show, will go on sale Tuesday afternoon at 4 o’clock in front of the Sweet Shop in the Union. Student tickets, will be io cents. m.f.
Pictures of the Purdue-Iowa football game will be shown at 7:30 o’clock toinorrow evening in the south ballroom of the Union through the courtesy of the Tippecanoe County Alumni Association.
Frosh Classes In Newspaper Training Open The Purdue Exponent, University student daily, as a follow-ttp to its editorjal and business call-out last Thursday afternoon when approximately one hundred freshmen co-eds and men signed up for work on the business, editorial and sports staffs will open its training school in newspaper editorial fundamentals this wedk. The school, run and instructed by junior members of the editorial staff, is to acquaint freshmen workers with the essentials of a newsstory, feature and editorial, news sources on campus, and Exponent style. Initial Conclave The first three meetings of the school will be held at 4 o’clock on Tuesday, Wednesday ^nd Thursday afternoons this week in the Exponent editorial offices in the Union basement. The schedule for men for the three nights is as follows: Tuesday: Bill Ritchie, David Ochiltree, William Carrier, Dale Butz, Allen Cohen, George Zissis, Paul Brink, Ralph Eberts and Walter Rafert. Wednesday: James Petty, Carmen Thomas, Edwin Franklin, Walter Butz, Morris Miller, Donald Sch(Continued on page .3) Music Room To Present Program Of Recordings The Union Music Room will present the second in a series of weekly programs of recorded classical music from 7 to 8. o’clock on Wednesday evening. According to an announcement received from Barbara Fellows, Student Union vice-president, the Wednesday evening programs are a new weekly feature presented for the pleasure of all students interested in s3miphonic music. e.g.k.
Croft, ME'40, Killed Stone Wall in Airplane Crackup ftear Randolph Field
U. S. Flying Corps Cadei* Received License Here William D. Croft, ME ’40, and a flying cadet in the United States Army Air Corps, was killed early yesterday morning when the air corps plane he was flying on a solo practice flight crashed near Randolph Field, army training base in Texas. Croft was 21 years old. Croft majored in aeronautical engineering while at the University, and received his private pilot’s license at the University airport along with the preliminary CAA class of flying students that started training in October, 1939. Capt. Lawrence I. Aretz, supervisor of the University airport, said yesterday that Croft had been an excellent student pilot while in preliminary CAA flight training. Croft ■^as a member of the Society of Automotive Engineers, honorary mechanical engineering organization. Croft’s home was in Millington, Tenn., and while on campus he resided at 328 West Lutz avenue, j.a.p. NufrifionConferetKeWill Discuss livestock Feeding Coming to the University on November 19 and 20, a special nutrition school for feed dealers and manufactimers of Indiana will meet to acquaint state feed men with the latest information in the field of animal nutrition. Several niien from the University School of Agriculture staff will address the conference on the scientific feeding of poultry and livestock. Visitors will inspect Uniyersity fa'rms und laboratories to see the herds and flocks, and to study at first I hand University methods in solving nutrition problems, a.p.h.
‘Watch It! You’ll Break Your Leg!’
Mysterious Holes Appear In Campus
By Ed Kieper > The men that .make all of the holes in our fair campus are trying to make life tough for the men that try to covet all of the holes with buildings. Every tihie a hole gets almost covered, the ' hole-makers start anoth^iPnne. ' The hole for the extension on the Agricultural Engiimering Building almost had a roof and walls before anybody tried to make some new holes. Then look what happened! THREE new ones! One for a Physics Building, one for an extension to the Electrical Engineering Building, and a strange hole by the Music Hall. Mystery Hole The Jdusic Hall hole is , really a mysterious one about 40 feet long, 25 feet vVide and i2 feet deep at the deep end. The side‘yralk sticks out into space for three feet on ope end. Way down in the bottom of the hole is a half-yard shovel bucket with the cables running into the pile of sand on the north side of the hole. What bePPened to the shovel ? Did somo prankster bury the shovel? Or did the operator pile the sand on top of himself ?
Please, ladies ' and gentlemen, don’t worry about the fate of the shovel and its operator. A kind gentleman from the Physical Plant supplied the information that the hole was made to replace a broken sewer tile. He seemed to imply that the Wabash River would go dry if the tile were not replaced. The shovel was removed to be used on another job. The bucket was left behind because it was not needed on the next job, but will be used to fill in this hole in a few days. What futility! Empty Excavation The Physics Building hole offers some interesting possibilities in the line of a race. The construction gang has started to build the walls of the basement with one of the shovels down on the floor of the building. The shovel will have to dig fast to get out. of the hole before the wall gets all the way aroupd the opening. The walls are reklly going up in a hurry. The footing for the west wing is poured, as is the footing for the supporting columns in the center of the building.
.Maybe, if they don’t remove the shovel, it -will keep digging until the Physics Building is like the Union, with basement under basement. By adding basements, the job could be kept going indefinitely. Of course, ■ a big hole would be fine to store all of the atoms that their department smashes. Still More The addition to the Electrical Engineering Building is coming along nicely, thank you. The foundation wall has been completed, and all the excavating equipment has beep reihoved. The hole has developed one fine mystery that will bear looking into in the near future. \ In the southwest comer of the basement, there is a big steel doqr frame like they use in jails which opens into a little room with a concrete ceiling. The ceiling has a three-fo,ot square hole in it. What does Harding intend to use this room for, a bomb shelter, a place to put distinguished students, or a place to go when he wants to sleep ? “Betcha we got more holes than Indiana!”
... on defense in yesterday’s victorious clash with the Hawkeyes was Forrest McCaffry, sophomore wingman. His insertion into the Boilermaker starting lineup was due partly to his fine shoWing in the Badger battle and partly to the injury of Bill Combs, regular right end. McCaffry has the reputation of being one of the finest blockers on the Riveter squad.
'Swede'
. . which is iperely an alias that covers the name of Paul Anderson, whose brilliant run was the highlight of the fatal Badger game. Yesterday, “Swede’* put Ms name in the scoring column again, tMs time with a beautiful catch of Johnny Galvin^s touchdown p^ss in the end aone. Anderson’s contribution of six points helped t^ie Boilermakers to put the game on ice in the fourth period.
Iowa Wilts Under Hard Attack, 214
By JOE DOLAN Exponent Sports Editor IOWA CITY. la., Nov. 2.— (Special to The Furdue Expement)—Seven men—those fellows who do the dirty work up in front of a football eleven— were seven men today for Purdue, not three men, or two men or four men, as has been, but seven stubborn athletes who refused to jdeld an inch to a highly publicized Iowa line, and as a delightful Boilerm^er result proved to be the margin between victory and defeat, as Mai Elward’s pupils jumped back into the winning columns. The score at the end of a rotten Homecoming day for the lowans was 21 to 6 in favor of Purdue’s line. Boilermaker six-pointers were scored in the second, third, and fourth quarters, accompanied by conversions after each end-zone invasion. The lone Hawkeye marker Was a gift, coming in the second quarter when Swede Anderson allowed one of YoueTs punts to trickle through his fingers and roll over the zero line, where Nurkett fell on it. Lots Of Spirit The improved Boilermakers displayed spirit that just couldn’t go with a losing ball club. With the bench a bedlam of cheering and encouragement, the whole squad was out to redeem itself after the surprising Badger defeat a week ago. Bucking across the goal line twice. Big John Petty, 210-pound fullback, was the Boilermaker big gun on offense. He also added an extra point on a place kick after his first touchdown. Swede Anderson, shifty, sophomore halfback, scored the other Boilermaker counter as he jerked down John Galvin’s aerial .
heave.
Mike Enich SMnes The mam point for chatter among the lowans was the sterling defend work done by Gaptain Mike Enich, right tackle, who time and again broke up BoUermaker line bucks and finally taught the Riveter backs to detour their groimd gaining thrusts to the ends. Coach Eddie Anderson inserted three different right ends into the Hawkeye lineup in a desperate effort to stall the Riveter gaining around that flank. Another iron-man was Youel, halfback who handled most of the punting and passing for the hapless Hawks. Before a howling crowd of 41,QflO fans, the Boilermakers lost the coin I flip and Petty kicked off to the 10 where Green brought'it up to his own 31 yard line. The first play from scrimmage found Green, driving fullback, advancing the pigskin eight yards, after which the Hawkeye attack hogged and Youel punMd to the Riveter 28. Thrusts by Anderson, Carter, and Petty failed ^ pi^ up the necessary ten yards and Petty punted to midfield. Hawks Drive, Fail An abbreviated Hawk drive began when Green advanced eight yards and made a first down two later. A pass, Youel to Gilleard, accosted for another flgst down, placing the ball on the Riveter 29 yard marker. The spirited BoUemu^er front line braced and took the hMl on downs after a fourth down pass had failed for the Hawks. Carter and Petty missed a first down by one yard and when Petty punted on fourth down, the boot partifaily blocked by “Poison” Eni^, but the ball got away to the Riveter 43 where Rankin downed it. An exchange of punts gave the Riveters , an advantage in yardage, but they were set back on their heels when the lowans hooted <he next tuwsk Youel’s punt slipped out of the grasp of halfback Anderson andr rolled enniolested into the lend sone, and awaited ihe rush of Nurkett, Hawkeye right end, who downed Hie hall for a Hawkeye touchdown. The attempted conversion was blQi(dfn4 Score: Iowa 6; Purdue 0. Exchanges of long punts alternately sent both teams deep into their territory. Galvin sent two punts a distance of flO yards and (Continued on page 8)
tv*PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday# November 3# 1940
^ 5* Coimnii
We suppose that politics is all right, but this present campaign is getting in our hair. We don’t mind people making speeches, but things are going too far. Last" night we timed in only to learn that the politicians had bought up all the time and thkt we couldn’t hear our favorite thriller. And we left the heroine in a burning cabin last week. * Id * We finally located a bit of music on one of the Canadian stations, but they even cut that out for a news broadcast. We were kind of disinterested until they got to the sports. It seems they are going to have a western champion and an eastern champion and that they are going to play each other, but due to the war and everything there isn’t going to be a dominion champion this ye^. Can’t anyone win anymore? ♦ * ♦ There are some little men in Washington that have a sure thing on the election. They are carpenters. It doesn’t matter to them who is elected. They are going to get their cut. In fact, they are already getting it. They’re building stands in Capitof Plaza for the crowd that will watch the inauguration ceremony next January. If the president doesn’t change that, too. « Id Id We heard what happens to nasty little men that go around picking on poor little countries with their big bad armies and it looks as if the Italians are living up to the formula. The Italian troops are now driving for Janina which is in the heart of the mountainous district of Epinus. According to Homer, who wasn’t so dumb, that is where Hades is located. And in spite of all the
The Purdue Exponent Entexed aa second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, nnder the act of Congress of llareh S, 1879, and at Ihe special rate of postage prorided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly daring the Summer Session. Delivered locally/by carrier for $8.00 per year, mall subscription $8.60./ Editor-in-chief R. W. Denaline Business Manager Jferla Hagemeyer Publication Staff News Editor. H. McKee Managing Editor K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Pnreell, L. W. Bnilner, R. M. Skallemp, J. L. Traugott. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, G. E. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, B. J, ShaiUord; Circulation.Manager, R, M. Recktenwald. ^ Co-ed Staff Editor „„ ..Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Ma^ Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor - „...J. P. Dolan Associate Ekiitors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national adveiiiising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For lliis issue Night Editor: Purcell Issue Editor: Kieper Day Editor: Miller Night Sports Ed.: Swaim Sophomore Staff: C. A. Stoeckel, J. F. Amos, J. D. Fraser, R. G. Stephans, E. W. Nordlinger, M. Puller, and M. J. Fox.
Greeks can do, reports seem to indicate. That the Italians are gradually getting there. * * « We’ve got to the point where we don’t care who they elect, just so they get it over with in a hurry. This preelection situation makes us too inefficient. We have to split our mud between the candidates, but after election we can concentrate on the president. And our top sergeant—^j.c.w.
Playshop Announces Crew Head Call Outs For 2nd Production With rehearsals for Playshop’s second production, “What A Life,” started, petitions are now being received for crew heads. Bill Deam, head of technical work on the play, stated last night. Members of Purdue Players and those who worked on “Susan and God” are eligible, he said further. Crew heads are needed for the following committees: make-up, painting, construction, properties, stage and hand, and costumes. The action of the play is in the principal’s office of a large metropolitan high school, and concerns the lives of the people who pass through his office. Students wishing to work on the technical crews are advised by those in charge to hand in their petitions in the immediate future. m.j.f. Lab Group Plays On Friday Night' Open To All - Martin The Laboratory Group plays, scheduled for this Friday night, will not be invitational this year, but will be open to all those who wish to see them, Harold Martin, head •of the group, said yesterday. No admission will be charged, he continued. Tragedy The tragedy, “Skiol,” takes place in a newspaper office in the Philippine Islands during a storm. An important conference has taken place between the head powers, but the only reporter knowing anything about the conference is in China trying to get in touch with his office by wireless. The wireless operator is too drunk to be of any practical use, so his wife attempts to take the message. She and the reporter are in love, but she stays by her husband. The Cast Bill Heath is directing the cast which includes Jean Fassnacht, Martha Jane Fox, Dick Sidwell, Dale Bremerman, Bob Van Deusen, Malvern Sehweig, Dick Kohls and Bob Eastman. “Suppressed Desires,” a comedy directed by Betty Erick, portrays a woman who is intensely interested for the momen^ in psychoanalysis and tries to persuade her family to agree with her way of thinking. The plays will be given in Eliza Fowler Hall at a time to be announced later. m.ji. BUY A Yellow Dog
Classified Ads FOR SALE Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.50 all nisht. Phone, 2407.
NYA: Checks for period ending October 16 are now available at cashier’s office in executive building. HOLLENSBEE. Pi Tan Sigma: Meeting of pledges at 4 p. m. Monday, November 4, in the reading room, mechanical engineering building. All actives interested in convention at Iowa State (November 7, 8, 9) also attend or contact me. —WIST.
Typewritera and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes poirtable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
FOR RENT Rooms For Rent: Rooms for fellows in new gas heated home. Private entrance, tiled shower, twin beds. Phone 2143.
PEW Riding Class: There will be a meeting Tuesday and Thursday afternoons, November 5 and 7, at 4 o’clock in the Women’s gymnasium. Lectures will be on types of horses, different styles of riding, tack and bitting. Attendance at one of these meetings IS required for credit in the Course.. If for any reason you cannot be presen# any one of these days, please notify the Women’s gym. —CASE.
Tan Beta Pi: Meeting of all actives and pledges at 4 p. m., Monday,-- November 4, room 304, Union. —GRISE.
For Rent: Newly furnished Maple Bedroom. Private home, single or double. Breakfasts. Phone 76414.
Eta Kappa Nu: Debris picture taken in the south ballroom of the Union at 7 p. m. Tuesday, November 5. Wear suits. Be on time. —CARTWRIGHT.
For Bent: One-half of double room. Twin beds. May work part time. 237 South Grant.
Pleasant single room in private house; continuous hot wat^. Phone 56802. For Rent: Furnished Apartment, 3 rooms, bath. Also double room. 224 N. Salisbury, West Lafayette.
Chi Epsilon: Debris pictures will be taken Tuesday, November 6 at 7:40 p. m. All actives and pledges be present. —MEYERS.
WANTED Wanted: Size 38 or 40 “Tails” formal outfit. Call 76264 for Bob.
Reamers: Regular meeting at 7:16 p. m. Monday, November 4, in room 806 of the Union. Pledges report at 7:46 p. m. —BOHLIN.
Notices
Ne notices received after 8 p. m. Owners of Lost Glasses: Two pairs of lost glasses have been turned in at Dean Enders office Please' come in and identify them. —ENDERS.
WS6A Independent House Presidents: A Council meeting Tuesday, November 6 at 7:00 p. m. Election of officers will be held and social programs will be discussed. You or your regular WSGA representative are urged to attend. -FINK.
Undergraduate Dames: There will be a meeting for all old members Wednesday evening, November 6, at 7:30 p. m. in room 307 of the Union. / —GERSTUNG.
PI A Salesmen: Turn in membership books after 4 p. m. in the office before Wednesday, November 6. —SOPCAK. Advanced Course Military Seniors: Seilors will be paid in the main office of the Armory from 1 to 4:30 p. m. on Monday, November 4. —TORMEY.
Purdue Outing Club: There will be an important business meeting Tuesday, November 6, in room 212 of the Union. All old members are urgently jequested to attend. Everyone who is interested is welcome. —PARKER.
TODAY-MON.—2 HITS! m BOLDEST BANDITS IN A LAWLESS LAND! ,..Leap to fearless, reckless lifel
Silver Mask: Meeting Thursday, November 7, at 7:16 p. m. in room 308 of the Union. All members please be present. —PITCHER.
Senior Military: An instructive movie showing the actions of the rifle squad in combat will be shown at the Armory at 4:00 p. m. Monday, Nov. 4. —WORKMAN.
ARC
— TODAY-MONDAY
— ALSO — SELECTED SHORT
KAY FRANCIS BRIAN DONLEVY GEORGE BANCROFT
ANOY DEVINE STUART ERWIN
PLUS—2ND FEATURE . . FROM THE FAMOUS RADIO PROGRAM
EDITH FELLOWS
Four Students Take Flying Cadet's Exam Four University students were examined at yesterday’s session of the Flying Cadet Examining Board. The students examined were Joseph D. Brummett, John L. Wolford, Lester K. Ludlow and Robert 0. Denny. “Because of the stHctness of'the physical examination, any group oyer ten requires nearly a full day. Standards are necessarily high for military aviation with special attention given to eye conditions,” Capt. Frank R. Grunder, president of the board, stated in a bulletin received last night. Army Board Grunder went on to say that the examination given by his bqprd is the last one that a prospective army pilot receives until he is ready for a commission. The board will be on campus until Wednesday, but will not give any examinations tomorrow. Grunder expects that a satisfactory number of men will be examined by the time the board completes its sessions in the Executive Building. Publication The names of University students who obtain the board’s recommendation of approval will be published in the Exponent as soon as the board has finished its work. Motion pictures of the flying cadet training will be shown at 7:30 o’clock on Tuesday evening in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union. Officers from the board will be present to answer questions concerning the training course, e.g.k.
Reamers: Debris picture will be taken at 9:16 p. m Tuesday, November 6, in the south ballroom of the Union. —BOHLIN. ,
Camera Club: Debris pictures will be tak-' en Tuesday, November 6 at 8:80 p. m. Proper attire is as follows: boys should wear coat and tie, no sweaters under coat, no handkerchief in pocket; girls wear one piece dress, silk stockings, no sweaters and no saddle shoes. Every club member urged to be present. Please be prompt. —GEPHART.
Purdue Players: Petitions for crew heads of “What a Life” must be in the Playshop office before noon Monday, November 4. —CARR.
Playshop Prize Winners: May collect their prizes by calling at the Playshop office in Fowler Hall between 9 and 12 a. m. Saturday, November 2, or 9 and 12 and 1 and 6 of any day the following week. —CARR.
Senior Military: An instructive movie showing the actions of the rifle squad in combat will be shown at the Armory at 4 p. m. November 4. —WORKMAN. ,
Scabbard and Blade: Meeting at 7 :80 p. m. Tuesday, November 6, in room 307, Union. —MEESE.
Scriveners: There will be a meeting Sunday night, November 3, at 7:30 o’clock in room 261 of Union. —RIEGLE.
LEARN TO DANCE NEW ADULT CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER'S WED., NOV. 6TH TO EXPERIENCED DANCERS ADVANCED THURS., NOV.7TH 7:30 P. M. ALLEN’S 6TH & FERRY
NOW PLAYING
-the spectacular musical extravaganza two continents hove been waiting fori IN TECHNICOLORI
DON AM E C H E BETTY ' G R A B L E CARMEN MIRANDA and CHARLOTTE GREENWOOD J, CARROL NAISH • HENRY STEPHENSON • KATHARINE ALDRIDGE • LEONID KINSKEY CHRIS-PIN MARTIN
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichfy
“Of course, he’s been picky and choosey about what he eats— we’ve spoiled him something: awful and I hope you’ll be more firm with him.”
Agriculture Education Society: Meeting Tuesday, November 6, at 7:30 p. m. in room 366 of Union. Parliamentary procedure directed by Dean Freeman and film strips shown by outside vocational teacher, Walter Weber at North Terre Haute high school. —CROOKS.
Kappa Delta Pi: Meeting Tuesday, November 6, in room 306 of the Union at 7:30 p. m. All active members are requested to be present. —NORQUEST.
Buffalo Purdue Club: All students from Buffalo, N. Y. and vicinity meet in the East Faculty Lounge of the Union Tuesday, November 6 at 7:30 p. m. —BAUMAN.
Modem Dance Club: Rehearsal Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 4 p. m.; Thursday at 7 p. m. —SWOPE.
Sophomore Forensic Managers: Important meeting Monday, November 4 at 4 p. m. in room 308, University Hall. —EICHEN.
PIA Board: Regular meeting in the PIA office Monday, November 4, at 4:30 p. m. —MUSSER.
V. C. Meredith Club: Meeting Thursday, November 7, at 4 p. m. for all members. —BAILEY.
Roger Williams Club: Fellowship meeting with Jewish group at 6:30 p. m. Sunday. Everyone is urged to be present. —BYER.
Purdue Wheelmen: Ride Sunday, November 3, at 2 '30 p. m. Meet at Elxecutive Building. No picnic. —VANDERBILT.
Alpha Zeta: Debris pictures will be taken at 9:46 p. m. Tuesday, November 6, in the south ballroom of the Union. Actives and pledges be present. -STEWART.
Catalyst Club: Actives and pledges. Debris pictures will be taken in south Union ballroom at 7:30 p. m., Tuesday, November 6. Wear suit coats. —BERGSTBDT.
STARTS TODAY lMn|JirWi MMmji ■ MU ^
A NEW FIRST RUN HIT
NOW SHOWING Be Among the First to See This New Hit
Hi..if. $ r
mm
i j.
•. '■/
»/
Sunday* November 3* 1940
£xpiomjnjt ^poJdi fia/qa ^—
Boilermaker-Fordham Tilt Is Renewal Minnesota Defeats Riveter Harriers Take
Of Old Rivalry; Series KoW Deadlocked When Jimmy Crowley’s Fordham Rams race onto their home field next Saturday, they will find a grim and determined hand of Boilemakers ready to renew a rivalry that has occupied a feature spot on the grid schedules of both teams duripg the past six years. Only last year was the rivalry temporarily discontinued when the Boilermakers invaded the other coast for, a tilt with Santa Clara. However, this fall the two elevens are pager for the deciding scrap with two victories recorded by both teams and another contest ending in a deadlock. Rams Hit Hard
WAA Hockey Teams ToMeetIn Tourney WAA’s hockey teams will meet in tournament according to classes this week. Members of the competing freshmen $eam are M. L. ,Boyde, H. Campbell, H. Huston, B. Loyde, M. Meltzer, B. Miller, J. Payne, L. Redwine, E. Schmeltekop and S. Whitman. Sophomore-senior team is composed of Jane Blank, S. \p3mhoff, B. Ford, G. Hennis, S. Johnson, J. Stiegerwald, R. Walker, C. Britton, J. Fishleigh, 1^. McKnight, and E. Westover. Members of the junior team are K. Ade, O. Blagrave, Bugher, V. Chapman, A. .Collings, V. Fitch, E. Harrison, M. L. Laswell, 0. Metzger, E. McKee, M. Pidgeon, M. Ward, and B. Van Nice. Teams are scheduled to play as follows: Monday, November 4 — freshmen vs juniors; Tuesday, November 6 — juniors vs sophomoresenior; Friday, November 8—^freshman vs. senior-sophomore. Finals will be held on a date to be announced later. m.f. Edward C. Glover ... national pole-vaulting champion when he was a student at the University, died Thursday of a heart attack. A track star, he was a member of the United States Olympic Team when it participated in the first Olympic Games in Athens, Greece. j.f.a. v AlphaChiRho . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Richard E. Adams of Springfield, O. ^
' The Rose Hill gridders are sweeping their opposition aside again this seasoh in typical Fordham style, having won five gamps and narrowly dropping a decision last Saturday to St. Mary’s, 9 to 6. Among the victims have been their arch-rivals, Pittsburgh, and the Green Wave of Tulane. Quite different from the scoreless ties which have been so common in the Ram-Panther series, the mdn of Crowley clipped the Panthers 24 to 12. Although the Green Wave came into New York with a high tide, the Rams butted then? back to Tulane on a low tide, the score being 20 to 7. Rebuilt Eleven Fordham, too, suffered heavy losses of graduating gridders this year, diplomatically releasing 11 of last year’s squad. Although in comparable to the graduating losses on the Boilermaker squad, the scarcity of veteran material called for a rebuilding of the traditionally dangerous Ram eleven. The backfield nucleus has the shifty Eshmont and Blumenstock as the leading ground coverers. These two ball carriers clicked off the highest average yardage of the Ram backfield last year. The last meeting of the Rams and Boilermakers ended in a 6 to 6 deadlock after a ferocious see-saw battle for sixty^ minutes, r.o.s, IM Schedules TOUCHBALL Monday, November 4 Field 1. Ward 27 vb Ward"^9 (Agler) 2. VSTard 11 vs Ward 24 (Papurea) 3. Alpha Chi Rho vs Tau Kappa Bpsilon (Adams) 4. Ward 14 vs Ward 8 (Bowers) 5. Ward 1 vs Ward 82 (Bernhard) 6. Ward 26 vs Ward 8 (Captain) 7. Ward 15 vs Ward 6 (McAd^s 8. Ward B vs Ward 25 (McCarty) 9. Ward 28 vs Ward 83 (Goldstein) 10. Delta Upsilon vs Sigma ?hi Epsilon (Hawkins) 11. Kappa Sigma vs Lambda Chi Alpha (McGrath) 12. Beta Theta Pi vs Alpha Sigma Phi (Meyer)
• than a beautifully laundered shirt. • American launders shirts under labora-tory-tested conditions constantly maintained. • These same laboratory tests also show that shirts laundered under these conditions—reach the maximum life of the fabric. ^ • Shirts finished on the latest most modern machines—thus making cpllars and cijffs stay nice longer and wear longer. • American laundered shirts to please an exacting taste—as a man likes them! • Prove this for yourself.
Free nm f*"" 3085 Delivery lAmerican 1132 NORTHWESTERN AVE
LICI^SEO
Cleaners
... Mike Enich spilled the Boilermaker backs incessantly yesterday and blocked one of Petty’s punts. He is captain of the Hawkeye eleven.
Riveters Break (Continued from page 1) V Iowa’s Youel booted one 43 yards. Starting a drive on their own 36, the Riveters sent Berto ahead for ten yards. Running plays by Snyder and Petty and a pass from Berto to Galvin grooved the ball on the enemy 29. Bucks by Petty and a Galvin pass to Rankin took the ball to the six yard line, from where pile-driving John Petty slashed through center for six points. The place kick for the extra point was good. Score: Purdue 7; Iowa 6. A long pass, Youel to Gilleard, downed the ball on the Riveter 10, but the sturdy forward wall of the Riveters, aided by Iowa penalties, held back the driving Hawkeyes as the first half ended. After Galvin returned a punt to his own 46, the Riveters combined an end-around by Rankin, a Galvin pass, and running plays by Anderson and Petty to set the stage for Big John to drive over for his second six-pointer. Galvin’s place kick was successful. Score: Purdue 14; Iowa 6. When the Riveters nabbed an Iowa fumble, on the enemy 30, it was the signal for Anderson with his stabs through the line and Tetty with his “you can ride too” drives to romp goalward again. The march was climaxed by Galvin’s short pass to Swede Anderson, who caught the ball untouched. Galvin again converted. a! Hawkeye fumble in the closing minute left the Riveters’ touchdown-hungry machine on the Iowa seven yard line as the gun sounded. Final score: Purdue 21; Iowa 6.
WildtabiOhpale Tramples Indiana Minnesota 13; Northwest’n 12 Big Ten history was written in Dyche Stadium wl^ere a capacity crowd witnessed onb of the greatest games ever played in the Evanston bowl. A powerful Gopher horde turned back an inspired band of Wildcats to win their first game in Dyche Stadium since 1929. A Wildcat pass from Hahn^nstein to Chambers was good for 43 yards and a first quarter touchdown, but the Gophers bounced right back into the ball game, and Sweiger’s touchdown plunge oft the first play of the secoftd quarter climaxed a sustaiued goalward drive. Minnesota took the lead when they converted for the extra point and then proceeded to march 54 yards to another score shortly after the opening of the second half. George Benson brought the Wildcat rooters to their feet in the fourth quarter when he plunged over the goal line on fourth down, but gloom replaced joy when Benson missed the conversion. Ohio State 21; Indiana 6 The Buckeyes played true to form in showing their usual first half power when they scored three touchdowns and then spent the second half staving off rejpeated Indiana threats. The Ohio State victory was due largely to the fine passing of Don Scott who set up all the Buckeye scoring. Captain Langhurst drove over from inside the five yard line on two occasions and Tom Kinkade hit pay dirt once. Indiana’s second half drive ended in Tofil’s touchdown plunge in the third quarter. Wisconsin 13; Illinois 6 ' With the score tied going into the fourth ^quarter, the hard-fighting Badgers thrilled a Wisconsin homecoming crowd with another of their spectacular finishes. John Tennant, early in the fourth qiiarter, faded back for a pass and finding no one open, took matters into his own hands and scampered 62 yards for the winning touchdown. After the Badgers ha(j opened the scoring in the ^rst period with Paskvan bucking over after a sustained drive, the mini scored on a flurry of passes that put the ball within plunging distance of the goal. Notre Dame 7; Army 0 A strangely helpless Notre Dame eleven took advantage of the breaks and just beat the Army under the wire in a hard-fought game witnessed by 80,000 spectators in Yan-
GET THE LOWDOWN ON THE ELECTION
Bring Your Nickel TOMORROW For Your YELLOW DOO
Sixth Straight Victory The Riveter harriers made it six in a row yesterday as they romped to a 24 to 31 victory over Wayne University of Detroit. Chiefly responsible for the win were the five"^Boilermakers who finished among the first ten under the wire. Sixteen started the race over the tricky course laid out on the Michigan terrain. . Ed Holderman kept his record
^ oo ILa ayt/4 T2
Frosh Metiers
... who are asked by Coach Ward Lambert to continue regular afternoon practice beginning tomorrow are as follows: Anderson, Brower, Dickman, Elting, Friend, Grove, Hites, Kohlenbeck, Lawson, Laughner, Menke, Miller, McGrath, Par^ ish, Pearcy, Shelby, Swantz, Taylor, Warwick, Wooden, and Wright.r.o.s. Meridian A. C. Smashes Indianapolis Grid Team The Meridian Athletic Club football team journeyed yesterday to Indianapolis to continue their winning streak. They smashed the heavier Park School eleven to the tune of 39-0. The Meridians, coached by Ken Paxton, PE ’40, pushed six touchdowns across the goal line against a team that was slated to win. Hudlow, Canfield, Young, and Swisher made the six-pointers. The Meridians’ lightweight team came through by tying the Indianapolis school’s lightweighters, 14-14. A group of Lafayette admirers drove the miniature gridders to Indianapolis and yelled them on to victory. e.w.n.
kee Stadium, New York City. In the first quarter, Steve Juzwik intercepted one of Mazur’s passes and scampered 85 yards for the game’s only score. Despite the score, the game was the upset of the day with the Army out-gaining and out-play-ing the highly touted Irish. j.d.f. Other scores: Nebraska 13; Oklahoma 0 Michigan State 32; Kansas State 0 Penn 20; Navy 0 Cornell 27; Columbia 0 Fordham 14; North Carolina 0 Princeton 0; Harvard 0 S. M.U. 21; Texas 13 Texas A & M 17; Arkansas 0 T. C.U. 14; Baylor 12 Tennessee 28; Louisiana St. 0 Duke 41; Georgia Tech 7 Georgia 14; Auburn 13 Tulane 13; Clemson 0 Alabama 26; Kentucky 0 Stanford 20; U.C.L.A. 14 Oregon State 19; California 13
clean as he and Reeves finished in an intentional tie for first place* Appleton helped matters as he ran a good race and finished fifth. Other Riveter point winners were Stanley, who came in sixth, and McLaughlin,
who finished ninth. Conference Meet
With the cross country season almost over, the squad is now pointing for the Big Ten conference meet that will be held this month. Last year the Riveters came out of the meet in a tie with Ohio State for third place, but Coach Herman Phillips is looking for bigger and better things out of the squad, this year. The present favorite to take top honors is .Indiana, who downed the Boilermakers in the year’s first
meet. j.dJ.
Frosh Classes (Continued from page 1) warm, Ralph Bozell, Robert'Rupkey, and Art Hunter. ^ Thursday: H. G. de Bru3m, Jade Fickle, Robert Boswinkle, Davidsen Dons, Robert Sayre, Byers G. Smith, Gordon Hoffman and William Hoskins. Co-ed Hours The freshmen co-ed schedule for the three nights is as follows: Tuesday: Betty Wedge, Ricki Kirkpatrick, Betty Ann McCreery, Ann Wickard, Laveme Zeno, Janet Huff, Betty Lois Young, Betty Lou Wallace, Jane Adams and Marilyn Jo Gardner. Wednesday:: Anne Garland, June Schwope, Evelsm Blair, Catherine Leuty, Priscilla Carr, Laura Brewer, Henriette Davis, Emily Caster, Ardath Pranthner, Mary Carol Antenin. Thursday: Lucinda Redwine, Pat Pettibone, Jean Gilbert, Mary Jean Lauer, Marjorie Flanagan, Lee Slone, Mary Maxine Winton, Gretdien Bartels, Elizabeth Gray and Pat Stenberg. Freshmen should come on the night scheduled, but in case of conflict they may attend on one of thfe other nights, D. K. Heiple, managing editor, said yesterday. The second series of meetings will be held the week after next, and at that time work schedules will be assigned, Heiple said. jff.a.
^^^^ORovs 1 ROMANTIC...
...ANEw(^^ COMPACT rOUR INCHES wipe
*1.25 'MIMt/
llat at a flap|adk and almo«t as Idg*—a tmait dfde of lovdhMM dwt^ aa liriclit as a Etdl Moon! IttZc]l*iih»arl<MisgoIdQrsBaiml ^niihast a huge (oand mirror and powder p«ff—> ind a boanliCiil initial k fadadad at no oj^ sort! in
TOILETRIES
STREET FLOOR'^'i>
M 'ff 7'- ',
mpfv'''''’""' !^,!*^T -*i
^7' '
fe; lx '
PDBDUE EXPOKENT
$iind«^t November % 1940
1
Sf> ’ '-ii 15 n f
JhiL ^diioA. 9t- • • < We Pinch-Hit Again The editor did it again this week-end. He “upped” and went for points distant. Consequently, we’re back at the typewriter today to write an editorial. All week long we literally bum up typewriters dashihg off news-copy, and rewriting freshmen and sophomore copy, but this is our day to gloat. We get to editorialize, to say what we think, what we want to say, rather than “according to a bulletin released last night,” “a statement from local authorities revealed yesterday,” and so far, far into the night. In the midst of our pre-Iowa game musings (Thank God for the radio!) we were suddenly reminded of the strange behavior of the Student Alliance. We remember quite well when they used to tear into our office every night wanting publicity, but in the middle of last week their national president was on campus, and no one, much less us, heard a word about it—at least not from the alliance. Now that that’s off our chest we want to talk about the game yesterday afternoon. We’re happy about the whole thing. Those nasty little remarks about “take Elward out” should be properly squelched now. Of course, the '«ame situation of empty campus, empty “joints,” and — well, just empty — existed throughout the afternoon and evening yesterday. Some of the lads and lassies saw the Boilermakers begin to even up the beatings (?) ihey have taken this season, of that we’re quite sure. ' We extend our sympathy to the family of William D. Croft who was kUled yesterday morning when the solo practice plane he was flying crashed near Randolph Field. Col. D. M. Beere said yesterday afternoon “he was a fine boy and we all remember him here at the University.” It is another sacrifice that must be made to appease the demons of war and keep them from our midst as long as it is possible. We’d like to mention here that we’re sort of tired of hearing about the Gold Diggers and the Military Ball, and the so-called tie-up A>etween the two. We believe, though we know it is not the ultra-modern thing to do, that some persons do things because they want to and not for ultimate personal gain, even in so small a thing as asking a gal for a date to the Mil Ball. You can take it, or leave it. Nice goin’, lads, in that Iowa game. Let’s hit the remainder of them in like fashion, j.a.p.
Briefs
Mudball made a round of the campus yesterday, came forth with the following stack of sagacity: hey there clarence when a local instructer makes a mistake he does one of two things pne is to say let that be a lesson to you young man never take the word of any man no matter who he is the other is to say that mistake should
be educational to you i consider a man to be very unfortunate who never has to do anything over and find out how simple it is the second time part two ' when a student makes a mistake the instructer either says you didnt follow my instructions or says you shouldnt have made that mistake you have no excuse for messing that up and being forced to repeat it —mudball
Gomes ttie Time in Every Year for the MILITARY BALL Let Us Glean Your FORMALS
' “Lowest Prices Quality Will Permit" Northwestern at Vine Phone 4081 \
The weather is changing, the leaves are changing color and slipping from the trees. These are the signs of fall and the coming winter. With the cold comes winter clothes. We’ll be seeing new fur coats and cloth coats of various colors and styles. Wool will be playing a heavy favorite in sweaters, skirts, suits, and dresses. We’ll tell you some of the early winter costumes that we have seen. —^wTw— Jean Jones wears a black, red and gray plaid skirt with a red wool crepe shirt... We saw Barbara Hyman in a long sleeved yellow sweater combined with a wine, yellow and blue plaid skirt . . . Jane Johnson may dash into classes a bit late, but she makes a stunning picture in a two piece tailored yellow wool dress. Peg Davis chooses a longsleeved white pique shirt topped by a rest cord jumper . . . Dotty Platt wears Joyce play shoes in saddle brown with bunny for outside flaps. Some fur. —^wTw— Plaids in both pastels and bold colors are being played up this winter . . . Pastel wools are as popular now as they were last spring, they will look lovely over that fur coat . . . long sleeved cardigans are very good this year and the length is still around the hipline . . . fur is being used on purses and hats as well as on coats. —^wTw— With Gold Diggers just a few days away we will be thinking of what the men will be wearing in corsages and our own dresses. Informality for men but we will be wearing long dresses. A cover-up dress is much better than a strictly formal one. Lots of taffetas, nets, jerseys, crepes, and some corduroys are expected. The men wijl wear the brightest idea his date l^as in the way of corsages. It may be a cabbage, a string of onions, or perhaps flowers, no matter what it is she will be sending it with all her love or something. —^wTw— Men, we won’t leave you completely out of the picture. You will look quite well dressed in a plain
tailored suit. (Don’t wear slacks and coats of different materials.) You will be stunning in the lovely corsage that you will receive, even if you detest the thing she sends you to wear pretend it is just too, too lovely. j \ —wTw— What about the cord situation? Are all you “dirty cord” seniors going to let Herb Van Brunt go around with the title of “dirtiest corded senior,” when there are probably many of you who could'make him look clean if you would only let us know. We can’t see you if you don’t come around. Let us know how the dirt is coming. —^wTw— Next week we will tell you what will be fashionable for Military Ball for bnth the men and the co-eds (and imports, we always have them). So until next Sunday we say “Good Dressing.”
Horticulture Students Make Models For Show Plans are now being completed for an expected 8,500 visitors to the twenty-fifth annual Horticultural Show to open Friday and continue through Sunday. The show will be held in the Horticultural Building and in the nearby greenhouses. Yesterday students in floriculture were perfecting miniature working models of irrigated lands and formal gardens. The senior group was arranging a living model style show, with flowers foi^ personal adornment. Another group is building an ideal florist’s window featuring chrysanthemums. To add interest the visitors will engage in a seed-guessing contest with valuable merchandise awards to be made to the winners. Another contest will be the identification of chrysanthemum plants. A free catalog may be obtained in the Horticultural Building for those persons who want more information about these contests, e.w.n.
• Photo Service SCOBEE'S SENIORS: Employers are interviewing now DON'T DELAY—have your application photo ready—reliable service. Phone 2343 105 Northwestern Are.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• Dairy Products
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Hain St. Phone 5701
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
• Hardware
• School Supfi^it
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Better Mdse.—Lower Prices If It's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
Uniyersify Bebk Store Across form the Union Next to the College Inn M. C. "Red^* Samhnons '29 R. W. "Doc” Epple '40
• Locksmith
DEACS \ Everything for a \ College Education /
KEYS and LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th St. Phono 2828
• Billiards
• Shoe Repair
3 Snooker Tables 4 Pocket Tables 3 Billiard Tables Lester's Billiard Parlor 312 State St. West Lafayette
BOSSUNG SHOE REBUILDING Phone 2240 221 State
• Bus Schedules 4 Schedules Daily Chicago 42.95 R. T. Gary 2.95 R. T. Michigan City. 3.70 R.T. indianapolis 2.10 R. T. YANKEE TRAILWAYS 208 N. 5th Phone 4475
Dean, Woman Aviator / * ^ Head List Of Speakers On Vocations Program Two prominent women. Dean Sarah G. Blanding, University of Kentucky dean of women, and Miss Jacqueline Cochran, well-known aviatrix, head the group of speakers that the University Placement Service for Women will bring to the campus for the annual vocational conference for women on 'Tuesday and Wednesday, November 12 and 13. L Banquet Dean Blanding will discuss “Today’s Challenge to You” at the banquet to be held Tuesday, November 12, in connection with the conference. Besides being known for her work in national educational circles where she holds such positions as president of the National Association of Deans of Women and membership in the advisory board of the YWCA, she lives in traditional Southern style in I^exington, Ky. Miss Cochran, one of America’s foremost women aviators, will speak on the opportunities of women in aviation. Opportunities Women graduates of the University will discuss the opportunities and problems in the following fields: social service, volunteer work and community service, retailing, writing, recreation, business, designing and shopping service, commercial home economics, home making, food demonstration, government service, commercial photography, advertising, personnel work, interior decorating, radio science and teaching. The conference is in charge of Miss Irene Feldt, head of the women’s placement service and faculty advisor of WSGA, and Joyce Burnham, vice-president of WSGA and chairman of the organization’s vocational committee. e.g.k.
A0romodelers Plan First Indoor Meet The Purdue Aeromodelers will hold their first indoor contest this afternoon from 2 to 6 o’clock in the Fieldhouse. The meet will be a class “A” haiidlaunched glider event with the winner receiving the club trophy. A1 Arnold is the present holder of the trophy, having won it at the free-for-all outdoor contest Sunday,'September 20. If time permits an attempt will be made to better the existing club class “B” stick record which is held by Jim Cahill, BSME ’40. j.a.p. On The Screen
In “DOWN ARGENTINE WAY,” new technicolor musical extravaganza now showing at the Mars Theatre blonde Betty Grable reveals the allure that has made her popular. Don Ameche and Carmen Miranda, the “Brazilian Bombshell,” share top honors with her.
ALAN'S The Style Corner . . . Main at Fourth
i/0 ill/0 FI/
• in velvets, and satins, and nets, in all of the dreamy pastel shades as well as those of deep and daring hue ! • metallic and sequin trims that dazzle, glitter and shine: on others are beads that lure. • skirts that swish, swirl or "billow" about the wearer like a veritable cloud!
See these for yourself
no
.95
up