The Week’s NEWS
National Affairs Deep In The Workings . . . ... of a Pottsville, Pa., anthi’acite coal mine, seven men burned to death Wednesday when coal gas exploded and caught fire in a section 600 feet below the surface . . . ten others were severely injured. Second major disaster in less than a week, this explosion occurred in a St. Clair Company slope four miles from Pottsville, only an hour after 600 men had begun their days work. Eescue workers were delayed for hours by poisonous “black damp” gas which polluted the mine after the explosion. Meanwhile national Bureau of Mines officials reported in Washington that last week’s Grundy, Va., catastrophe should be blamed on unapproved methods of blasting. Their statement indicated that “bulldozing shot”—“blasting done by simply laying the explosive on top of the coal seam—ignited coal dust, causing the death of 46 men in the mine section. Two Years Ago .. . . . . Fred B. Snite, Jr., was stricken with infantile paralysis in China, lost the power to move chest muscles, and was placed in an “iron lung.” Since then young Snite necessarily has remained continually confined in his artificial respirator. This week he was able to breathe freely and unaided for 23 minutes. Despite “Secession”. . . . . . threats by deep South delegates, Southern Methodists voted overwhelmingly Friday to unite with other branches of their denomination. Although approving the merger at their Birmingham, Ala., meeting, the Southern Methodists balked at the “plan of union” already okehed by Northern groups . . . “the Southern Methodist Church will not perish” they steadfastly asserted. John M. Landon ... . . . 81-year-old father of 1936 Republican presidential candidate Alfred M. Landon, succumbed Wed- ' nesday to a heart attack which had struck him suddenly the Friday before. The younger Landon sat at his father’s Kansas City hospital bed--side as death came—he had been called away from a Topeka speaking engagement.
Indiana Weather
Purdue Exponent
SUNDAY Ma7 h im LcdayeH0,MSattm VOL 49 Ho. 168
Baccalaureate Exercises Start At 2:30 Robert Arvidson Ji>dcu^ Sola {x)ssk Schsduh Fieldhouse To Acrommodate Exercises
Wins Honors At Egg, Baby Chick Exhibit Robert Arvidson, Klondike hi^h school student, won the grand sweepstakes award with a display of twelve white eggs at the University Egg and Baby Chick Show held in the Poultry Building yesterday. In the baby chick class, the Blue Ribbon Hatchery, Atlanta, Ga., won top honors. This year marked the thirtieth anniversary of the egg show, and the sixth for the baby chick display. Four hundred and fifty-two entries of one dozen eggs each were placed in the egg show from all parts of Indiana; several entries were also received from Ohio. The baby chick show consisted of 67 entries of 26 chicks each. Young Arvidson, who has exhibited eggs for seven years, also won class sweepstakes in the high school
9:00 a. m.—Breakfasts and business meetings as scheduled by class secretaries. Iron Key Breakfast in Union rooms 1 and 2. 10:00 a. m.—Open House—President and Mrs._Edward C. Elliott’s home, 515 South Seventh Street. Golf—Choice of courses. “P” Men’s Golf Tournament—West Lafayette Country Club. 12:10 p. m.—Gala Week Dinner—Memorial Union ballroom. Presentation of Golden Anniversary Certificates to the 1888 Class. Presentation ef Loyalty Certificates to the ’93, ’98, ’03, ’08 Classes. Presentation of Silver Anniversary Certificates to the 1913 Class. 2:30 p. m.—Review Faculty—Senior Academic Procession—Raising of 1938 flag. Gala Week visitors march in rear of Academic Procession to the Fieldhouse. 3:00 p. m.—^Baccalaureate—Speaker, Harold Willis Dodds, President of Princeton University. Fieldhouse. Section reserved for Alumni. 4:00 p. m.—Mike Murphy, world famous stunt flyer—^“What Shouldn’t Be Done With An Airplane”—Purdue University Airport. 4:30 p. m.—Purdue Band Concert in front of Eliza Fowler Hall. Farewell songs, cheers, and goodbyes. Special Gala Week features include— The Annual Freshman Egg Show—Poultry Building. The Annual Spring Exhibit, Purdue Camera Club—Memorial
Union Building.
division in competition with 116 other entries. His grand sweepstakes dozen earned a 96.8 score. Winning the baby chick honors, the Blue Ribbon Hatchery, Atlanta, Ga., displayed in the White Leghorn, Barred Rock, White Rock, and White Wyandotte classes.
R. B. Stewart... . . . University Controller, returned yesterday after speaking before the economic students at DePauw University, Greencastle, on “Problems of Institutional Investments.” On the previous evening he lectured before the Honorary Economic Fraternity.
McCutcheon's Pencil Honors Dave Ross
Washington Before Leaving . . . . . . yesterday for a week’s cruise on the Atlantic, aboard the U. S. S Philadelphia, President Roosevelt cleared his desk of the remains of a rather busy week. His last action before pulling out for the coast Friday night, was to demand of CongTess a broad attack upon “business monopoly.” He proposed a $500,000 investigation into “collectivism in business,” to be followed by action to restore “the democracy in competitive order.” “Little businesses are being squeezed,” he told Congress. “The liberty of democracy is not safe if the people tolerate the growth of private power to a point where it becomes stronger than their democratic state. That, in its essence, is Fascism.” Addressing . . . . . . both houses in a joint message Monday, the President called upon Congress to put an end to tax exemptions, both of state and fedocal securities and of state and federal salaries. The request, he said, came as “a matter, not of politics, but of principle.” Sixteen Men ... . . . who rank high in America's industrial and financial life, pledged full cooperation to the federal government in its fight against the depression early Wednesday. Leading the group were Owen D. Young, of the General Electric Company, and Winthrop Aldrich, head of the ^hase National Bank of New York and brother-in-law of John D. Rockefeller, Jr. Gray, Frail.. • . . . Motor Magnate Henry Ford arrived at the White House on schedule Wednesday for his highly (Continued on page 4)
JOHN PURDUe
cH^
I aL.
For First Time; Dr. H. Dodds Will Speak President Harold Willis Dodds, of Princeton University, will deliver the annual baccalaureate sermon in the Fieldhouse this afternoon. Candidates for degrees, and all others who are to take part in the academic procession, will assemble at 2:15 p. m: in the east part of the Fieldhouse. A curtain will divide the enclosure into two parts for the occasion. The baccalaureate exercises proper will take place in the west part of the Fieldhouse. All those assembling for the march will be required to use the east doors only, according to Prof. W. P. Turner, chairman of the commencement exercises committee. Degree Candidates Four columns of degree candidates will be formed, and designated as colunms 1, 2, 3, and 4. 'They will be arranged in that order from north to south in the Fieldhouse. Candidates will arrange themselves in exact alphabetical order in their respective groups. Groups will line up in the following order: Column 1—agriculture (including forestry), pharmacy, and candidates for advance degrees; column 2—science, home economics, industrial education, physical education, and public service engineering; column 3—civil engineering, chemical engineering, and electrical engineering; column 4—mechanical engineering, followed by candidates who had degrees earned by August, 1937 or January, 1938. President E. C. Elliott To Lead At 2:30, President Elliott and guests, followed by trustees and members of the faculty, will lead the academic procession out through the east doors of the Fieldhouse, down Northwestern, back up Stadium, and into the west doors of the Fieldhouse. Here the groups will be ushered into their places for the baccalaureate exercises and sermon. Dr. H. W. Dodds, baccalaureate speaker, has acted on the faculties of five universities—Purdue, Western Reserve, Pennsylvania, Swarthmore, and New York. He was an instructor in economics at Purdue from 1914 to 1918 and was inducted into office as President of Princeton University at the age of 43, to become the youngest man chosen for that position in 175 years. He holds degrees from Grove City College, Princeton University, University of Peimsylvania, and honorary degrees from 14 schools, including Harvard, Yale, Dartmouth, Columbia, and Rutgers. Symphonic Band Concert Marks Gala Week Finale One of the highlights of the final day of Gala Week will be an exhibition of stunt flying by Mike Murphy, world famous aviator, at 4 p. m. today at the University Airport. Murphy will fly his Waco Taper-wing in the exhibition which he has entitled, “What Shouldn’t Be Done With An Airplane.” Other Gala Week festivities arranged for today include breakfasts and business meetings as scheduled by class secretaries, and an Iron Key breakfast at 9 a. m. President and Mrs. E. C. Elliott plan to have open house at 10 a. m. at their home, 615 South Seventh street, Lafayette. West Lafayette Country Club will be the scene of the “P” men’s golf tournament at 10 a. m. also. Present Certificates Presentation of golden anniversary certificates to the class of ’88, loyalty certificates to the classes of ’93, ’98, ’03, ’08, and silver anniversary certificates to the 1913 class will take place at the annual Gala Week dinner in the Union ballroom at noon. A short concert by the Purdue Symphonic Band in front of Fowler HaU at 4:30 p. m. will climax the Gala Week activities. ’The band, under the direction of Prof. P. S. Emrick, will present light numbers and solos. Persons Attend Dinner Honoring David E. Ross, University Trustee Six liundred alumni and friends of the University attended a banquet last night in honor of David E. Ross, ’93, president of the University Board of Trustees. Burr Swezey, of Lafayette, pfesident of the Purdue Alumni Association, opened the program by introducing the toastmaster, John T. McCutcheon, ’89, veteran cartoonist of the Chicago Tribune. Formal addresses included tributes to Ross by alumni, David O. Thompson, Jr., ME ’38; and President Elliott. A specially printed artistic testimonial book designed by Bruce Rogers, ’90 and presented to the guest of honor by Burr Siyezey constituted a high spot of the evening. Book Lauds Ross Letters of appreciation for the loyalty of Ross to his alma mater from 65 alumni clubs scattered all oyer the world, from George Ade, President Elliott, and close friends; a cartoon by McCutcheon, showing Ross as “Pui’due’s Favorite Son;” and other items make up this tributory volume. The University Men’s Glee Club and Bill Carlsen’s orchestra, of Chicago, 111., provided musical entertainment.
Forecast for Indiana: Fair today and tomorrow, warmer tomorrow in east and north portions. Yesterday’s Temperature: Low, 49; high, 63; mean, 66.
Above is the original cartoon of David E. Ross, ME ’93, by John T. McCutcheon, dean of American cartoonists, and one of Ross’ best friends, which was presented to Ross, “Purdue’s Favorite Son,” at the banquet that was given last night in his honor. The drawing is also contained in the testimonial book that was presented to him at the same time. The book was described by leading experts as a masterpiece of printing and design. It is bound in gold morocco leather
with black comers in which gold “P’s” are inscribed. The cartoon depicts “Dave” at his desk with a background of a Santa Clause suit which he has filled for so many years for Old Purdue. A picture of John Purdue, President Elliott, and Amelia Earhart adorn his walls. His loyalty to Purdue is depicted in the Purdue banner, and his close relationship to the development and progress of Purdue is depicted in the voldme of Inventions of New Ways to Steer Purdue.
Students Favor Optional Military University students favor withdrawal of all American forces in China, making the ROTC optional in all lion-military schools, unqualified neutrality in all foreign wars, fighting if the continental United States is invaded, and progressive disarmament in cooperation with other powers, according to a poll conducted by the Exponent Friday and yesterday. 207 ballots were cast at the polling place in the lobby of the Union tional poll in which 31,616 studrate until the ballots ran out yesterday representing 101 colleges and 80 at 11:16 a. m. Compared to a na- (Continued on page 4)I
wm.
li^ !
£diiafuaL
THE PUBDOE EXPONENT
ytumfu
Sunday, May 1, 1938
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lickty
Jhs ^diJbah SatfA: We Don’t Appreciate... ... the goodness of a faithful friend sometimes until an unusual happening brings his deeds to our notice. We often become so accustomed to the generosity of a long-time benefactor that we don’t value it fully as we go about our everyday affairs. Last night’s testimonial banquet in the Memorial Union ballroom will, we hope, help Purdue alumni, students, and friends to gain a better recognition of services rendered the University by one of its greatest friends, now or ever—Mr. David Edward Ross, president since 1927 of the Board of Trustees. Dave Ross first became associated with Purdue University as a student in mechanical engineering, way back in ’89. His connections as a student ended with graduation in ’93, but his loyalty as a friend to the institution endured and will carry on until his death . . . will continue to live after that in the history of the University. When Librarian William M. Hepburn and History Professor Louis M. Sears wrote “Purdue University;— Fifty Years of Progress” 13 years ago, in 1925, they said of Dave Ross: “Mr. Ross will be remembered in the gratitude of all succeeding generations at Purdue as the donor, jointly with George Ade, of the Ross-Ade field. Mr. Ross has also been one of the heaviest contributors to the Purdue Memorial Union Building, and as chairman of the building committee has rendered an invaluable service. “Less spectacular, but of equal value to the University, is Mr. Ross’ quiet contribution to the procedure of the board. His soimd judgment as a business man is of the utmost usefulness to a body whose concerns in last analysis are chiefly those of business.” That tribute, however, covers only a few of Dave Ross’ contributions to Purdue. Among the larger of his material gifts, we find that in 1927 he presented to the University 126 acres of land in Tippecanoe county ... in 1928: a lot adjoining President Elliott’s present home, a substantial cash donation, and various patents and inventions ... in 1929: large blocks of stock in the Ross Gear and Tool Company ... in 1931: land for Ross Camp, Fieldhouse, new baseball field, practice football field, tennis courts. Airport, Housing Project. Just what University Alumni think of Dave Ross may be inferred from the attendance at last night’s banquet: 660 persons came to the banquet—300 to 400 others tried to get tickets for it. Dave carries well his 67 years of age. His University friends drink heartily to his continued health and happiness. i
the Purdue Exponent
P^ociuted €foUe$tate 'Srrns
Entered as second class matter at the post office in t«fayette, Indiana, nnder the act of Consress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. S, 1917, anthorlsed Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday darlns the reirnlar academic year and weekly dnrine the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $8 per year; by mail $8.60.
Bdltor-In-CUaf
BoabiM M«aac«r
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
PUBUCATIOM STAFF
Manactnc Bditor.
J.
Brack
-..Margarst Sawyer
D. A. BaUer, L^S._ Hardin.
Editor's Secretary.
AssMiate Editon ,
G. D. Schmeder, H. L Stowhaek, D. B. Vance
Sophomore Assistants—^K. J. K. ■
lin,
Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manacer...
note Assistants—^K. J. Deekard, G. W. Frederldc, O. Houston, R. E. Insl^, B. !>. Eedc, W. A. KrespI. G. J. Tafel, D. O. Terrio, 6. A. Temnee, J. 0.
J. P. Girard _W. J. Gillilan „_B. B. Hensler M. 0. Bceres
National Adyerttetam Manager Local AdTerttsIng Bunager Circulation Manager.
CO-ED STAFF
Editor. -JHlsabeth Pyke Associate Editors Msry Cocittr, Dorothea Jnstla,
Sally MeXee
8POBTS STAFF Editor. JU F. Obenehain Associate Editors J. S. Brown, B. L. MsDosald,
B. D. WHwer
MAIN OFFICE 818 N. Fifth St., Lateyett^Iadisni Editorial Phene 8M7 ihsHnwe
Phene
Night Editor—Tafel
Issae Editor—Maasey Sunday, May 1, 1938
time we met him. A friend introduced us to him with complimentary remarks about how hard we were working on a certain project. Dave chuckled to our friend, “Well, when he gets a little older, he’ll learn that it saves time to have other persons do things for him.”
“So many things fail to turn out as they were planned,” said Alumni Secretary Eth Baugh yesterday concerning the testimonial book presented last night to Dave Ross, “but this book has far exceeded our expectations.”
Dave Ross is a leader
we learned that the first
“I feel philanthropic today,” laughed the cheery old lady, a Purdue alumna, yesterday afternoon as she stopped at the top of State Street hill to pick up two University students for transportation over town. “I’ve been to the reunion.”
collegiate
K you have often wondered what other campus columnists talk about, as we have so often, you’ll be interested in gems from those who tell other campusites what it’s all about. On our honor, they’re all clipped verbatim; No. 1—“In the coming month, when candidates start campaigning, remember this; The walking brief case, derby and doublebreasted suit (laivyer), is also likely to be a stuffed shirt.” No. 2—“At any rate, the frost is coming out of the ground and the only solid things about the campus are the sidewalks and roads.” No. 3—“The ideal professor is just one of our straight ‘A’ students grown up. Hoivever, he forgets to change his suit from year to year. The student doesn’t do that.” (This was an interview column, so
don’t blame the columnist). No. 4—'“The girl speaks first. Yes, this is her obligation, and she must fulfill it.” No. 5—“And so, while the silk worms and the lisle worms rear their heads, time passes and summer anklets will run them both into eclipse.” No. 6—“Sitting in a classroom behind a girl who has a two-foot zipper down the back of her blouse has become a torture vastly more cruel th,an all thousand ,of Chinese methods.” No. 7—“Public schools are undoubtedly marvelously fine and worthy things, but somehow, after graduating from those mills of standardized culture one feels as though he had been labeled, ‘Made in the U. S. A.’” Now what do you think ? Do you still wanna write a column? C—C—C The shai-p range of salaries of professors in the United States private colleges has been revealed here
by Dr. Walter J. Greenleaf, U. S. Office of Education specialist in higher education. Professois’ salaries vary from a low median of $2,606 to a high median of $4,676 in different types of publicly controlled colleges and universities, and from $1,662 to $5,733 in groups of privately owned institutions. Similar variations were revealed in typical salaries received by associate professors, assistant professors, and instructors in both public and pi’ivate institutions of higher learning. In land-grant colleges and universities the minimum salaiy of the presidents is $4,500, while the maximum compensation is $27,000.
What, Where, When?
“Let’s get together”—a good slogan for couples on a double date. A double date can be either a success or a failure, and success depends largely on the couples’ getting together. What to do should be decided before starthig, as nearly as possible by a four way agreement. No one should try to hog the
mh NED SPARKS IRVIN S. COBB March of RAYMOND PAIGE time and hia Orchestra “crime and PRISONS”
dfE INVISIBLE ENEMY with Alan Marshall — Tala BireU C. Henry Gordon
STARTS TODAY TWO FIRST RUN HITS! A Gay Soldier of Fortune Caught in the Throes of International Intrigue... Defying Death for the Love of Thrills!
THRILLING. BREATH TAKING ACTION . . . STORMS THE SCREEN!
In the “Captains Courageous" of the Air
LIONEL BARRYMORE — Plus — MUSICAL ACT
ALL THIS WEEK LUMA
TO LOVE . . . I would take a chance On romance. If perchance, At a dance, I could find a girl Without a pin. HAVE YOU l^EARD ... . . . the story about the import who was instructed by her hostess to come in quietly and not turn on the lights? The import arrived at the house late in the night, took off her shoes, and groped her way into a room. “I’ll be undressed in a minute,” she whispered, and received the startling reply in a man’s deep voice, “Don’t you have the wrong room ? ” Who said he was a man? WHERE HAVE THE ... . . . K.A.T. girls been keeping themselves of late ? They either are not gettin’ around or they have decided to stay out of ’the news . . . but that doesn’t sound like the Thetas to us. Maybe it’s just that they have become the UNDERCOVER GIRLS. BeckleyWillSpeik For Ceres Neetiiig Captain S. A. Beckley of the University military department, will be the speaker at an open meeting of Ceres, agricultural honorary, to Tie held Tuesday, at 7:30 p. m., in the assembly room of Agricultural Hall. His subject will be “Agriculture and the Army.” Two cups will be presented to the winners of the Ceres Essays contest. The fieshman submitting the best essay will receive the Ceres Cup, while the Dickinson Seed Cup will be presented to the winning upperclassman.
“Mr. Truffle, I can’t tell from my notes whether you said * * ! ! or I V ? ♦
show, but each must be a bit solicitious of three other desires. If someone suggests food; and you want some, say so when you’re asked; if you don’t want any be sure you’re not starving anyone— be a good sport—go along and watch or sip a coke. Be tolerant and give in if you are out-voted 3 to 1; don’t assume an injured air; it’s fatal.
ARC
TODAY & MONDAY
EDWARD LAL?£USON/««ai£ imf/iiD iwium
iWTON
'^spoB; wwi&noiitt^iafa, ^ Tobin
— also —
Corum “Sport Reel’
KEEP CHIN 091 You’ll want to let evefylxidy see your new tie if it’s one ot our Arrows. Arrow ties are the finest In this man’s town. Patterns ate masculine . . . colors sprighdy . . . and all ties are resiliently tailored to curb wrinkling. ARROW TIES $1 and $1.50 dhAMifL Opposite the Mars
GARY TOOK HER FOR HIS BRIDE
BUT CLAUDETTE TOOKHIM EOH A
Starts TODAY
— Plus —. OUR GANG COMEDY
MARS1'^ f
■.jife' i'
frr
"fF
W'
Sundciy. May 1. 1938
THEPUBDUE
EXPONENT
f i
‘i.
Varsity Gridders iefeat Frosh, 21-6
Purdue Nine Falters As Michigan Scores 64 Win
Intramurals
FRATERNITY TENNIS SINGLES Monday, May 2—4:15
Petty Wins Freshman Award For Improvement During Spring Drill
By Bud Benjamin Michigan Daily Sportswriter
4nn Arbor, Mich., April 30.— Michigan’s baseball team handed Purdue its first conference defeat of the year here today 6 to 4, to split the two game series.
The Boilermakers outhit their rivals 9 to 5, but they failed in the game’s numerous clutches. Two three run uprisings by Michigan in the first and third infiings gave the Wolverines their winning margin.
fourth. Mackiewicz bunted safely, Vernon forced him at second, but Jim Thompson, singled him to third and advanced to second on the throw in. Joe Waling hit to Fishman and Vernon beat the throw to the plate for the first Purdue run. Thompson scored on Howard McAfee’s infield out.
Beta Theta Pi vs. Alpha Tau Omega or Alpha Gamma Rho. Sigma Nu vs. Pi Kappa Alpha.
FRATERNITY DOUBLES Monday, May 2—4:15
Exponent Staffs Will Dine^ Hear Ex-Editor Today
Delta Chi vs. Phi Delta Theta or Kappa Sigma. Sigma Chi vs. ATQ. Phi Kappa Psi vs. Phi Kappa.
Sloppy Boilermaker fielding aided the Michigan cause. In the first, Charley Pink led off with a walk and advanced to second on Don Brewer’s single, a bunt which rolled past Felix Mackiewicz. Walter Peckinpaugh promptly singled to center, Pink scoring.
Mackiewicz’s long home run, Vernon’s walk, and singles by Waling and Elwood Yeager, batting for McAfee, accounted for the second brace of runs in the sixth to complete Purdue’s scoring.
FRESHMAN TENNIS Monday, May 2—4:45
Score by innings: Purdue 000 202 000—4 Michigan 303 000 OOx—6
Minier vs. Brockman. Darrow vs. Wegener. Richards vs. Goerss. Dolan vs. Broberg. Douglass vs. Kline. Fant vs. Seeman. Frey vs. Miller.
More than 120 Exponent workers will assemble in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building at 5:30 this afternoon for the annual Exponent staff banquet. Engineering the program will be Toastmaster Hugh Forster, who will introduce W. G. Gude, Exponent editor ’26. Gude, now with the Penton Publishing Company, will give a short talk.
Heiss here unloosed a wild pitch, and Brewer tallied. Pecks scoring when Jim Thompson hobbled Elmer Gedeon’s ground ball at short. The Wolverine doubled their total three innings later. Captain Merle Kremer walked and Danny Smick pounded a long home run into right center for two runs. Gedeon also received a pass, stole second, and scored the sixth and last Michigan run on Leo Beebe’s hit to center. Purdue picked up two runs in the
Exponent Work Schedules
BASEBALL
Monday night. May 2: NE—GJT, Issue—Massey, Asst. NE—DRV, Stooge—CDS, Proof—WAK, Asst. Proof—McKee, Workers—Wagner, Mann, Wallace, Wist, Adler, Ganzer, Maudlin, and Willsey.
Tuesday night. May 3: NE—RJD, Issue—DeHoog, Asst. NE—LSH, Stooge—HIS, Proof—GJT, Asst. Proof—Dee, Workers—Burkhardt, Levin, Morgan, Haines, Alexander, Wallace, and Lowe.
Monday, May 2 Diamond 1— Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Delta Chi. 2— Triangle vs. Phi Kappa Psi. 3— SAE vs. SAM . 4— Theta Chi vs. Phi Delta Theta. 5— Sigma Chi vs. SPE. 6— Sigma Pi vs. Pi KA 7— Phi Gamma Delta vs. ATO. 8— TKE vs. Phi Kappa. 9— Delta Tau Delta vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. 10—Alpha Chi Rho vs. Phi Kappa 'Tau.
HORSESHOE DOUBLES Monday, May 2
L-'.
*
Look at Your Union Through Critical Glasses
Have you seen and taken advantage of all opportunities the Union offers for your recreation?
Bowling Free instructions on five of the newest, modern alleys. Billiards Nine billiard tables. Free instructions. Browsing Room You can rest in comfortable furniture while reading books you "enjoy".
The Chestnut Room A grand place to enjoy a quiet dinner with your best friend.
The Grill Lounge Just the spot to get a sandwich and a fountain drink after the dance.
Music Room Comfortable furniture and pleasant surroundings to relax and listen to the music you like.
Game Room There is nothing like a game of cards or a game of checkers for recreation.
The Sweet Shop Drop in for a coke and meet your friends between classes.
Lounges
Drop in to rest and talk with friends.
PwvdiuL TyUmiiimL lAnwn.
The Corner of the Campus—Yet the Center of Activities
Scoring all their points in the first half of the annual fresh-man-varsity football game before Gala Week guests yesterday afternoon at Ross-Ade Stadium, the varsity defeated the yearlings, 21-6. Brock went over in the first quarter to open the scoring, and Winchell and Montague each added another score in the second period. The frosh made their touchdown late in the fourth quarter when the varsity was attempting to pass its way to another score, but the aerial attack went awry and the frosh stepped in often enough to intercept passes before their goal line was endangered.
Also in attendance, according to the committee, will be Faculty Advisors T. R. Johnston, J. H. McKee, and W. A. Bodden. Exponent linotype operators and printers will also be guests for the affair.
TKE vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. Alpha Gamma Rho (1) vs. Pi Kappa Alpha (1). Alpha Gamma Rho (3) vs. Alpha Gamma Rho (2). ATO vs. Sigma Pi.
Between halves, the announcement of the gold watch award, annually presented to the freshman who has improved most during the spring drill, which is based on scholastic ability and general attitude, was made by Walter Krull, ’06. John Petty, freshman fullback from Lebanon, Pa., received the coveted trophy. Petty, who played little football before coming to Purdue, has been improving steadily for several weeks and has turned out at the top of the first year fullback crop, W. J. Neff, tackle, was chosen alternate. Brock Scores First Rossi kicked off to the varsity to open the game. In a series of steady advances the varsity brought the ball down to the frosh 1 yard line with Brown and Brock doing the majority of the ball-toting. From there Brock ploughed across and added the extra point. On a “razzle dazzle” play early in the second period the varsity pushed over another touchdown. Welch took the ball on the third lateral on one play and drove to the five yard line. Winchell took it over on the next play. Bykowski blocked a treshman kick a few plays later, and the ball bounced over the goal for a safety. The final varsity score came at the end of the half when Montague intercepted a frosh pass on the 40 yard line and sprinted across the goal. The kick was no good, and the varsity scoring was over for the day at 21 points. Late in the final period on a tx*ipie lateral executed by Kowalchuk, Byelene, and Petty, Kowalchuk took the
ball to the goal line, but stepped out of bounds just short of the line. On the next play Petty plunged over for a touchdown, and the game ended 21-6 in favor of the varsity.
League Standings NATIONAL LEAGUE Won Lost Pet. New York 10 1 .909 Pittsburgh 8 3 .726 Chicago 8 4 .667 Boston 5 4 .655 Brooklyn 5 6 .454 Cincinnati 4 8 .333 St. Louis 3 8 .273 Philadelphia 1 10 .091 Yesterday’s Resnlts Chicago, 11; St. Louis, 5. New York, 3; Brookl3m, 1. Boston, 16; Philadelphia, 11. Cincinnati, 2; Pittsburgh, 0. AMERICAN LEAGUE Won Lost Pet. Cleveland 8 3 .726 Washington 7 5 .583 Boston 6 5 .545 New York 7 6 .539 Chicago 5 5 .600 Detroit 5 6 .464 St. Louis 4 8 .333 Philadelphia 3 7 .300 Yesterday’s Results Chicago, 3; St. Louis, 0. Detroit, 5; Cleveland, 3. New York, 8; Washington, 4. / INDEPENDENTS All men desiring to enter ward golf and tennis singles competition sign up on entry blanks on intramural bulletin board. —MIDDLETON.
Purdue Exponent
Service
Directory
• Bookstores
"DEACr Everything for a College Education H.G.BEISNER
SOUTHWORTH'S
Everything for the Purdue Student
• Professional
The Risk Dented Qiidc
DB. PAUI. A. BI8K
11. BISK
DB. HASOU)
DB. BOBKBT G. BISK DB. LUTHBB A. BISK
4th & Main
Phone 5701
Florist
Hath Jibuit
Inc.
635 Main St. in Dona Tbaatea BnUdlnc
Phone 7955—8050
• Locksmith
LAWN MOWERS
NEW—USED—SHARPENED New Mowers 6.50 ond up. Delivery service on Mowara. MULHAUPTS Phona 2828-208-11
• Auto Rental
RENT A CAR Drive It Yours^
THAYER’S GARAGE
Across from Mefhodisl Qmcli WEST LitFATETIE Phone 51784
• Dine
Have Yoiur BEST MEAL at the NU CHINA CAFE 409 Columbia
» Printing
□
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE _
^OSica Siilloaafy.. W«ddlns InviUSoM
PHONE -
S 6 2 8 ,CASSEL’S 4<»FERRy
• Beauty Studid
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE
Co-ed Special, Thurs, - Fri. KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Pheme WBf3bcaL OdjL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
n^nfiroA.
Sunday. May 1. 1938
NEWS of the WEEK
(Continued fiom pasre 1) publicized lunch Mitli tlie Piesidcnt. On hand al'^o m eve hi'^ son tdsel, Chau’inan Marviner S Eccles of the federal reserve board, and Hall Roosevelt. The latter Roosevelt, Franklin’s brother-in-law, arranged this fii'st meeting of the automobile manufacturer and the President since the Roosevelts mo\ed intU the White House. Outcome of the conference was nil ... as far as the public knows, spoke Henry, said that I wasn t going to give him any advice.” Born In Wisconsin . . . . this week was Governor Philip F. LaFollette’s new National Progressive Party. Tailor-made to fit LaFollette’s specifications, the third party is now being built by a state-to-state campaign ... the slogan; “Multiply Wealth Through Courageous Use of the Ballot.”
Insurgent Commander Franco’s navy helped his stalled army wipe out a Loyalist brigade north of Castellon de la Plana Friday. The Loyalists advanced, using hand grenades only. Intense fire from Rebel troops and heavy shells from the ships either killed or wounded all members of the 22nd Loyalist Brigade.
Business Over 12,000 . . . ... idle men in Flint, Mich., who face a jobless future in the General Motors City, will be moved from the county with their families, Welfare Administrator Lewis J. Ludington said Thursday his department would be unable to care for the increasing number of unemployed . . . this plan was the only way out. The British Intend . . • . . .to charge regular duty on every plane imported from the United States, England’s house of commons made clear Thursday. It is generally understood that the British are out to purchase 500 American army planes costing a total of $20,000,000. If American manufacturers sell the 500 warships at the above figure, the planes will be knocked down at the British customs office for about 50 per cent of their purchase price. William Green . . . . . . president of the A. F. of L. made his move this week to crush the CIO and its leader John L. Lewis by the creation of a new international union—the Progressive Mine Workers of America. This union will put the A. F. of L. in direct competition with the CIO. Secretary . . . ... of the Treasury Henry Morgenthau, Jr., admitted in a press conference Thursday that the country’s business status is bad, but he would make no predictions. Questioned about conditions, he answered, “Of course they’re bad, but there’s no news in that.” Morgenthau then said indices show conditions are “getting still worse,” but he refused to comment on the relation of the present situation to the immediate future. Commerce department statistics released the same day estimate that the national income in the first quarter of 1938 was 5.4 per cent less than that of the corresponding period in 1937. Foreign Changing Leaders ... ... in North China, Japan set her war machine in motion once more this week. Monday, General Count Juichi Terauchi, commander of the North China Japanese forces, was removed and Lieutenant-General Jun Ushiromiya succeeded him in command, Chinese news sources re-
I>orted.
Japanese spokesmen said Thursday their troops were ready to storm the strongly fortified Lunghai railroad in an effort to cut off Suchow, key to the defenses of Hangchow. In the biggest air battle of the war in the East, 130 Chinese and Japanese planes clashed over Hangchow Friday. About 300 civilians in this area were killed and 700 were wounded by Japanese bombs or by stray machine gun bullets. Chinese officers claim 20 planes formed the city's air defense and that this number downed 23 Nipponese ships. Trimotored... . . , Spanish insurgent bombers swept down from their base on the Ebro River delta Monday and bombed Valencia, Loyalist - held Mediterranean port. Thirty persons, including a British sailor, were slain a^ld more than 60 injured. Two British ships in Valencia harbor were hit during the raid.
War
Fear . . . ... of Nazification of the “Sudenten” Germans in Czechoslovakia this week caused England and France to pool their armies in the greatest military alliance since the World War. The combined forces would make 1,230,000 men available immediately in case of war . . the Flench and English reserves would boost this number to more than 17 million soldiers. London observers place even more significance on the pooling of naval and air forces under English supervision. Their navies would total almost two million tons. France alone has almost 1,400 good planes and 900 more on reserve. French Premier Daladier and England’s Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain also mapped out plans this week to stop Germany from starving the Czechs into submission. England is storing up tremendous food supplies. Anxiety . . . . . . for complete equality for the German minority in Czechoslovakia are fosteidng a political crisis in that country. Premier Milan Hodza intimates he will not compromise with the German leader, Konrad Henlein. Anxiety became even more pronounced in Czechoslovakia Monday when reports came in that Czech guards had fired on a Polish balloon. The Poles are also demanding equality for their 82,000 countrymen in Czechoslovakia. To make the situation worse, Hungary is beginning to take interest in her 700,000 nationals in Czechoslovakia. Hermann Goering . . . . . . Hitler’s right hand man, announced this week that he now reserves the right to use fortunes and properties belonging to Jews for financing his four-year economic self-sufficiency plan. Jews must register their property with the government by June 30 or face prison terms and fines.
Prentice To Speak At All-Engineering Dinner Wednesday Uniting again this year to recognize scholastic achievement in the engineering curriculum, Tau Beta Pi, national engineering honorary and the five engineering school fraternities will hold the annual AllEngineering Honorary Banquet in the Union ballroom at 6:30 p. m., Wednesday, Dr. E. B. Prentice, president of Rose Polytechnic Institute, will be the speaker of the evening. He was a delegate to the World Engineering Congress at Tokyo in 1928, and is at present active in the affairs of the Society for the Promotion of Engineering Education. ‘“The Super-' ior Student After Graduation” will be the subject of his address. The banquet is open to all faculty members, members of the honoraries, and distinguished students. For the first time, upperclass coed engineers may attend this affair which has always been a stag banquet in the past. Tickets may be obtained at the Union desk. Prof. W. A. Knapp’s office, or at the offices of the heads of the engineering schools. Monday is set as the deadline for purchasing tickets.
Students Favor(Continued from page 1)
states participated. The University percentages are very similar. Neutrality Nationally 43 per cent of the voters were in favor of neutrality, while the University had only 28.5 per cent favorable. Six per cent fewer local students favored application of a popular consumers boycott against Japan. The question of the ROTC bio Light the greatest divergence of opinion: 51 per cent locally favoring optional training as against 60 per cent nationally; twice as many, 36.5 per cent favoring compulsory training locally against 17.4 per cent nationally; and 11.5 per cent against 19.5 per cent nationally choosing abolition of the ROTC from non-military schools and colleges.
Today in the Churches
Co-ed Tells Experiences Of Early Morning Hop In University Glider
By Dorothea Justin “Do you have insurance ? And would you like to go up in a glider?” Burt Morgan, Glider Club enthusiast, was calmly serious. Switch from the surprise invitation—past the acceptance—to the ride—to the club glider. Ye editor said for me to write descriptions of the scene before I went up—a last will and testament gesture. Grey Dawn Burt is in greasy white coveralls, as is glider-crazy Fred Tase, cool wind blowing, we in the Tow car, the club’s silver painted wreck that runs by prayer, jounce across the airport field in the grey dawn. Tow clatters eagerly toward the winch. This is not a name of affection for another vehicle—^it is a gasoline, motor-run wire-winder. Two thousand yards of wire will pull the engineless flying machine high into the air. The pilot drops the wire, boys in the Tow chase after it, drag it out to the winch. Bump, bump, bump. Good thing nobody had time to eat breakfast. The winch motor is cranked. The boys, miles away across the field, have attached the wire to the glider, a Gross 800. Name was derived from the name of the boy who built it and the fact that it cost $800. Whang! Wire broken? Just oscillating, Cra^g Miller, running the motor, says. Wendall Walker then strains against the brake, wants tib say something. Taylor gestures wai-ningly. These out-of-door boys are delightfully intent on saving sweet femininity’s feelings. Test Flight There she goes, soaring into the sky. The sun has somehow come out, and light flashes on the shiny wings. Dip, swoop, coast. It does glide!
TO THE FRIENDS OF PURDUE — F. Earl Staley is a candidate for Sheriff of this, Tippecanoe County. The primary election will be held Tuesday, May 3. Mr. Staley is a clean-cut citizen and an outstanding friend of good government. Now a farmer, he has back of him six years experience as a police officer in Lafayette and is familiar with the duties of Sheriff. I bespeak for Mr. Staley your thoughtful consideration— he IS worthy of your support. —^Andrew W. Rankin. Purdue 1935 Vote for a Purdue Dad F. Earl Staley for County Sheriff
Central Presbyterian 9:30—Discussion gi’oup led by Dr. Graves on the subject, “The New Society.” 10:45—Morning worship. Di. Gi’aham will preach on the theme, “What Is Divine Revelation?” The choir under the direction of A. P. Stewart will sing, “Come to My Heart, Lord Jesus” by Ambrose. H. Kenn Carmichael will sing the solo. There will be no meeting of the Sunday Evening Club.
West Lafayette Baptist 9:30—Roger Williams Club class. 10:35—Morning woi-ship. Sermon by the Pastor “The Creative Love of Christ.” Communion and reception of new members. 5:30—Roger Williams Club social hour at the Church. Group will go to Prof. J. Wiley’s home for an outdoor discussion if weather permits.
Wesley Foundation 8:30—Breakfast for seniors and alumni in honor of Miss Helen Murphy, HE ’37. 9:30—Sunday school for co-eds at the Foundation House, and for men at the church. 10:30—Dr. 0. S. Steele will preach for morning worship. 5:00—Fellowship supper at 15 cents per plate. 6:30—Second discussion on BoyGirl Relations in the light of Christian ideals—led by Mrs. McFadden.
in their place all interested students will attend the PDI Conference, a conference of student leaders of the Disciples of Christ from Purdue, Indiana and DePauw Universities. The first session will be at 2:30 in the tower room of the Union. The banquet will be held at the church at 6. At 7 there will be a short vespers service, and following that the last session of the conference. Dean Matthews To Give Mothers’ Day Talk May 8 Dean Mary L. Matthews, home economics head will speak on “Evaluation” at the annual YWCA Mothers’ Day morning service at 9:30, May 8, in Eliza Fowler Hall. The University Choir, directed by A. P. Stewai’t and accompanied on the organ by G. E. Osborn, Ph ’39, will furnish the music for the program. The service is scheduled for 9:30 in order that those present may be free to attend local churches later.
Tau Beta Pi , . . . engineering honoi-ary fraternity announces the pledging of the following men: J. D. Baker, E. D. Carr, D. W. Clugston, W. S. Craft, A. G. Eickmeyer, F. PaiT, A. R. Fowler, J. E. Hammer, J. D. Harnett, D. C. Harvey, L. E. Keck, J. E. Kessel, C. E. Lacey. R. B. Langohr, G. Langworthy, W. D. McEachron, D. S. Martin, M. Parson, M. J. Prassas, J. M. Rudolph, W. A. Smith, L. F. Stutzman, J. P. Taylor, G. W. Toben, W. H. Winslow, and B. D. Witwer.
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. G. P.^bershoff, 606 Main street.
LOST—Black loose leaf notebook. Reward.^ Phone R. Culp 7014.
RENT—New Royal Portable typewriters by the week or month. Call 6477 Decker’s. 518-20 Main.
University Notices No Notices Accepted After 8 p. m.
Scriveners: Meeting Sunday, May 1 at at 232 Wood at 7:30 p. m. Bring manuscripts. All members must be present. Election of officers. —FKLDMAN.
Cadet Officers' Lnucbeon Committee: The meeting for Monday afternoon cancelled. Get Inspection Banquet tickets in Colonel Pickering’s office some time Mondtqr, May 2 —BBHRENDS.
Debris: Meeting for all juniors and sophomores on editorial and photography staffs Monday, May 2, at 4 p. m., in Uie Debris office. —EHINGER.
Christian Science Organisation: Keguiar meeting will be held in room A of the Union at 7 :30 p. m. Tuesday, May 3. —WINTER.
Purdue Christian Foundation 9:30—Election of officers. 10:40—Morning worship, sermon subject: “A Conversation with Youth,” Rev. Doyle Mullen. The usual afternoon and evening meetings of the Foundation will be foregone this Sunday and
Sophomore Exponent Co-ed»—Meet In the Union Exponent office Sunday, May 1, at 6 o’clock. —PYKE.
Reamer Club: Meeting Monday, May 2, at 6 p. m. in the Union Building. All actives and pledges be present. Bring tickets and money for the show. —WALUVCE.
Newman Club; There will be an important meeting of members Sunday, May I, after the 9:30 mass. At this time election of officers for the coming year will be held. Announcement of dates for the spring dance and for the annual picnic will be made at this time. —MEIER.
PIA Petitions: All petitions for board positions must be in by 5 p. m. Monday, May 2. —SCHLUNDT.
Independent Men’s Chorus: Rehearsal will be held Monday, May 2, at 4 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. Only those who are present will be allowed to sing in the May Day Sing next Saturday. —CODDINGTON. WAA Baseball Games: Monday, May 2, 4 p. m.: Ward 2 vs. Alpha Chi, Pi Phi vs. Residence Hall; Wednesday, May 4, 4 p. m.: Kappa vs. Ward 1, Alpha Chi vs. Residence Hall; Thursday, May 6, 4 p. m.: Kappa vs. Residence Hall. —MAIER.
The boys glow with pride and anxiety. No wonder—they’re nuts about it. Into the Tow car, across the field we hilariously carry the wire to the place the glider will land. Oh, I go up next! Dad told me not to, practically. Safe ? No major accidents really? A bloody nose and a sprained wrist? Wonder if girls bring bad luck. We’re Off! Bob Buell, ace pilot, and Happy Johnson lift me into the cockpit, strap a safety belt across me. Goodbye! goodbye! Thanks for the helmet with real goggles. Hap. Here we go, fast. Ooops A lift, a dip. Leveled out now, and off the ground. Oooh! Those dips. How clear it is—^below is a patchwork of green and brown fields. Down a frightening second, to drop the wire—smooth. “Bob, are we moving ? . . . Thirty miles an hour?” Curve . . . rise , . , my stomach! Swoosh—down with a bump. Yeah, it’s wonderful.
The Moths are SURE to be here this Summer Before you put away your winter clothes—send them to Crown to be cleaned for they will be moth proofed at the same time, by the MONITE moth proofing process.
FINE CLEANENS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE-TOP OF THE HILL
.
CONSTANTS AND
CONVERSION FACTORS
1 mtcron=0.001 mm. 1 cenfimefer=0.39370 in. 1 inch=2.5400 cm. 1 foot‘=20.480 cm. I radian=57.2958 degrees
D
) 1 sq. inch=:f6.4516 sq. cm. 1 sq. foot=929.03 sq. cm. 1 cu. inch= 16.387 cu. cm.
E
1 liter= 1000 cu. cm. 1 gallon=3.785 liters
1 gram=15.432 grains 1 ounce=28.350 gm.
c
1 gallon=231 cu. in.
1 pound (wt.) =445,000 dynes
K
1 pound=453.59 gm.
1 atmosphere= 14.697 lb. per
1 kilogram=2.2046 lb.
sq. in.
1 foot-pound= 1.3549 joules
1 joule= 10,000,000 ergs
E
1 B.t.u.=252.00 cal.
1 calorie=4.186 joules
1 B.t.u.=778 ft. lb.
1 coulomb=3x10'’ e.s.u. of charge
R
1 horsepower=746 watts 746 watts=550 ft.-lb. per sec.
1 voit'=1/300 erg per e.s.u. of
1 abampere= 10 amp.
charge
s
1 forad=9x10“ e.s.u. of capa-
1 abvolt= 10"® volts
cftance
518-20 MAIN
1 faraday=96,500 coulombs.
Charge of electron
=4.77x1 (y^®e.s.u.
Mass of electron (at rest) =9.03x10"*®gm.
Avogadro's constant=6.06x10^®
Planck's constant=
=6.55x1 O^^’^erg-sec.
Velocity of light=
299,796 km. per sec. in vacuum
if