, «,
f ' 4 ,
N. Dame^ 35; Mich. 12 Seahawks, 25; Iowa, 0 Ind , 54; Neb., 13
G.Lakes,13;O.S.U*,5 III., 25; Wis., 7 Army, 51; Temple, 10
EstabUshed 1889
Thetas Wort Award
Volume 56, No. 65
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, October 10, 1943
Boilermakers Outclass Camp Grant Eleven, 19-0 . .. ZT ^ 7 I Zi _ .~j Dubicki, Butkovich, Vacanti ' Adler, Draper To Appear In Convocation Friday s/iare/^tveter scor/ng Honors
Performance Will Feature U. S. Army Will Offer AICbE To Hold 'Tom' Mahara, Owner Harmonicist, Tap Dancer Jobs To Dieticians, First Smoker Of Arrtibry Restaurant,
Larry Adler, harmonicist, and Paul Draper, tap dancer, will be the featured artists of the next Music Hall convocation which will be held Friday at -7 ;30 p. m. Both performers made names for themselves in the entertainment world before they collaborated in a semi-professional appearance in Santa Barbara in 1939. They debutted --
as concert artists in a Chicago
recital in 1940.
Draper is well-known as a tapper of the classics. He has originated a ballet type of tap
Institution Managers This Tuesday Succumbs Ob Thursday
dances revealing the heights to which tap dancing can be lifted. He performs to such classics as Bach’s Fantasie in C minor, Beethoven’s Sonata, Opus 49, No. 1, and Ccarlatti’s Pastorale and has appeared as soloist with the Boston Symphony Orchestra. Proof of the fact 'that Draper comes from a family of varied talents is ^hown by a list of his family’s talents. His father was the lieder singer, Paul Draper; his mother is Muriel Draper, writer and novelist; his aunt, Ruth Draper is well-known monolguist. Adler began his harmonica career at the age of 14 when he played in a harmonica contest and won a prize for 'his playing of a Beethoven Minuet. After an English producer, C. C. Cochran, heard him, he went to England where he appeared as a soloist with the London Philharmonic, gave command performances for George VI, King Haakon of Norway, King Gustave of Sweden, and toured Australia. Appeared With Symphonies In this country he has played with many symphony orchestras and has made numerous i-ecordings, the most notable of which was “Smoke Gets in Your Eyes”, which sold 200,000 waxings. Doors to the Music Hall will open at 6:45 p. m. Friday. Admission will be by passport. Union cards or season tickets. Single admission tickets will be sold for $1.10. Debris To Hold Staff Callout Debris will hold callouts for all staffs Wednesday at 4 p. m. in room 319 in the Union. The staffs ai-e divided into three groups, editorial, photography, and business. ' The editorial staff writes the material, collects and mounts the pictures for the yearbook. The photography staff takes pictures on assignments. The pictures taken are of general interest as football gajnes, mixers, and convos. The business staff handles the sales, keeps all records and accounts of the money. Since a large part of the Debris will be devoted to the service men, they ai’e urged by Debris officials to attend the meeting. Senate Opens Tutor Service student Senate has decided to offer tutor service for students who are finding difficulties in certain sub-' jects. The Senate office in the Union Building will be open from 4 to 5 p. pi. on any weekday evening, and those interested in this service will be given information upon request. The standard rate for tutors is sixty cents per hour. The tutors provided are themselves students, and the service is not under the supervision of the teaching or administrative staff.
Engineer
... announces that the printing of the September issue has been un- , usually held up due to the amount of war work being done by the printer. The issue will be out to subscribers and on the news-stands the first of this week.
University Poultry Scientists Work On Wingless Chicks
By Dale Kelley
So far. University Poultry Scientists have^entirely neglected a research problem which, if concluded successfully, might easily revolutionize the poultry industry. Two one-winged chicks have appeai’ed in the same flock only a few weeks apart. Success or failure of the problem depends on whether or not this trait is inheritable. That is' what scientists will have to deter-
mine first.
When (and if!) the trait is proven to be heritable, the next problem will be to “get rid” ^of the other wing (must have symmetry). Many Assets Apparent Of course the first asset of wingless chickens is readily apparent—■ “us kids” won’t have to ea,t the wings. There are other less apparent benefits to be derived from “cropping off” the wings of our “fine-feathered” (friends. More efficient feed utilization will be forthcoming, as the wing really is too “bony” to be of much value, but does require considerable nutrition. Wingless hens would greatly minimize the problem of Biddy’s “flying the coop”—less fencing trouble. And think how much more easily we shall be able to catch the old red rooster when unannounced visitors arrive for Sunday dinner. (Would it be cruelty to “de-wing defenseless
crittex’s” ?)
Certain disadvantages, also, will be discovered if wingless chickens are developed. For instance, Pectoralis major, the muscle which forms the “bi'east meat” (yum! yum!) is the«muscle wllich provides power for the wings, and it might have to be sacrificed. Then there’s the problem of finding; a new name and place for attaching wing-bands. Also, elevators may have to be provided to get the bii'ds to roost. Psych Class Shows Truth Of Local Gossip Dr. Thorton’s psychology lecture class was shown yesterday how true local gossip can be. By having the first p'erson in a row read a story and then repeat it to the person seated next to him, a complicated bank robbery story came out in forms very surprising to hear. After the story had traveled by word of mouth across a row of about 26 pei'sons, what with the additions, omissions and substitutions, the tale was far different from the real one. Aluminum Works was changed to the Aluminum Plant Company,'perhaps for a reason; the number of men in the robbery was changed from the actual number B
to 4 and 3.
Numerous details of the bank robbery such as to amount of money ' stolen, wei’e either left out entirely or completely wrong. Dr. Thorton’s point was made very clear much to the amusement of the class, when they saw how wrong people can be. Social Science Seminar ... will hold its first open meeting of the year on Tuesday evening, ,af 7 p. m. in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union. Dr. L. M. Sears will discuss the subject “Peace Organization Conflicts With the Political
Parties.”
Senior women students majoring in dietetics and institution management are now being offered the opportunity to become student dieticians, training for appointments as Medical Department Dieticians in the U. S. Army. These appoint'ments cari’y the relative rank of second lieutenant. College seniors can apply for the student dietician positions, and may be accepted provisionally pending the completion of their college woi’k. Any student who will graduate by November 1, 1944, is eligible to apply. The six months’ intensive training course in hospital dietitics which they will take will be offei’ed in Army hospitals. These include Walter Reed Hospital, Washington, D. C.; Lawson General Hospital, Atlanta; Fitzsimons General Hospital, Denver; and Brooks General Hospital, Fort Sam Houston, Texas. Pay is about $11 a month and subsistence. Will Receive Appointments Af^er successful completion of this course, women will receive appointments as apprentice dieticians for a period of six months at a salary of $1440 a year plus overtime. They will then be eligible for appointments as second lieutenants in the medical department with a salary of $1800 plus subsistence. Student dieticians must be college graduates, citizens of the United States, between the ages of twenty and forty years, and must pass a written examination and a physical test. The closing date for receipt of applications is November 4; forms may be obtained at the Lafayette postoffice.
American Institute of Chemical Engineers will hold its first meeting in the form of a smoker, Tuesday, in room 302 of the Chemical and Metallurgical Building at 7:30 p. m. A film, showing the various phases of the manufacture of gasoline, from the well to tl^e finished product, will be show^ along with a Walt Disney cartoon. Short talks will be given by Dr. J. L. Bray, head of the school, and Pi’ofessor R. N. Shreve, faculty sponsor of the organization. A key will be presented to a junior for the most outstanding kchievement. Features considered for the award include the highest schSlastic average for the first two years, personality, and extra curricular activities. Recently elected officers for the coming years ai-e James A. Gi-een, president; Eugene Long and Gerhard Langer, vice-pi'esidents; and William Dolch, secretary-treasurer. Refreshments will be served during the program. Tau BeS-a Pi Pledges
F. G. Day
.T. A. Greene R. E. Gwinn W. A. Hames
W. J. Heese
O. A. Jeude J. H. Juengsf
G. Langer
J. E. Loufek
E. H. Neese
J. J. Neeson P. ,W. A. Oberrenter
E. G. Pita
C. V. Thomas
P. C. Zmola
Thomas A. Mahara, better known as “Tom” and owner of the Armory Restaui-ant, died Thursday, Oct. 7, at 11:60 a. m. in St. Elizabeth hospital as a result of a paralytic stroke he had on Friday, October 1. Born in Greece in 1880, he came to this country at the age of 15 and has lived in Lafayette for 30 years. - One of his habits that made him a character on campus was that of smoking at least 30 cigars a day. Tom’s i-estaurant was the place to get ‘coffee and doughnuts between classes or to I'ecuperate from military with a coke and hamburger. Coeds gathered there to gossip over cokes and relax before their next class. On Sunday morning Tom’s was headquarters for the Sunday
papers.
Tom was always an ardent supporter of the University’s athletic teams and usually would make bets on them. In recent years he declined to bet on the football team as he said it would break him financially. University ^Club To Hold Reception Tomorrow night the University Club will hold a reception for all new membei’s at 8:30 p. m. in the Union. Dinner for the members will precede the program. Following the dinnei’, music for dancing will be pi'ovided by Glen Wright and his orchesti’a. Professor and Mrs. Fred Allen are in charge of bridge playing and the music is in charge of Professor and Mrs. Goi'don H. Graves.
By Ray Smith, Exponent Sports Editor
Finding pass defense a vulnerable spot in the Camp Grant make-up the Boilermakers lost little time in crossing the Warrior goal line as they recorded the first touchdown of yesterday’s gridiron tussle in Ross-Ade stadium. The Riveters scored after 1 minute and 45 seconds of play on a pass from Sam Vancanti to Stan Dubicki and continued to pass their way up and down the field as they romped over the soldiers, 19-0, before
a Dad’s Day crowd of 13,000.
Tony Butkovich, who until yesterday was the leading ground gainer in the nation, maintained his average by gaining 50 yards in the 12 times that he carried the ball for an average — of 4.2 yards. He also added an-
other touchdown to his credit when he plunged over the goal line from the 3 yard line for the Boilermaker’s second score
in the second quarter.
Sam Vacanti completely outmaneuvered th^ soldiers for
University Band Uniforms Change Through Decades
By A1 Tavenor Varied uniforms within the University Band, featui’ed by the service ensembles as displayed at the band’s appearance last Saturday, are nothing new to Prof. Raul “Spotts” Emi'ick. It was exactly a quarter of a century ago, in 1918, that World War I filtered army khaki and navy blue into the ranks of the 72-piece oi'ganization that was first to pass beneath the “Arch of Triumph” at Monument Cix’cle in Indianapolis. This year, with navy and marine students comprising neai’ly one-half of the band personnel, white caps are no novelty bobbing within the ranks of khaki and pom-poms. Styles Before 1905 Styles of the succeeding ei’as are I’eflected in the transformation of the band uniform. The pictui’e begins at the turn of the present centux’y, when 28 leather-lipped musicians donned high button shoes and blue uniforms with fancy gold embroidery interwoven across the elxtii’e front. Shoit cro^vned caps studded with the name “Purdue” and short bills were the head-dress, giving them the general appearance of British seamen. Corset shaped curved stripes down the back gave an overall streamlined contour, set off by enoi-mous yellow shoulder bars. Only one “handlebar” mustache was in evidence.. .evidently a senior who had erstwhile evaded the clutches of a helpful rhinie. ‘Spots’ Emrick Arrives The ensuing years noted little change, but with the arrival of Prof. Emrick in 1905, the button shoes departed in favor of modern design. The 1906-07 band appeai’ed with. . .white duck trousers! Pity the cleaning bills, and thus they did, for the following year the dark uniforms reappeared.
The current dress uniform of the Purdue All-American Band (pictured above) made its first appearance in 1939, when light officers’ trousers were added to three-year-old olive drab coats with yellow lapels.
The end of the first decade viewed the disappearance of the embroidery, but the loss was augmented one year later with militaristic khaki uniforms and wrapped legs. Stx’eamlining overtook the caps, and they more closely resembled our present day mode. Over ,100 Pieces* By 1920 the band had surpassed the 100-piece mark, and puttees replaced the tedious leg-wrapping process. Two years later the largest motorized drum in the world became a permanent attachee. Small black disks oix the uniform sleeves de^gnated musician ratings for the members. The depression years of 1931-32 w'ere crowning ones for the band, for they marked the addition of flaming yellow citation cords that hung prominently from the left
shoulder, draped across the chest and disappeared below the xdght aiqn. Prof. Emrick appeared in white dress uniform for the band program at the Chicago World’s Fair. Current Style Adopted In 1936 In 1936 the curient style olive drab coats with yellow lapels were worn. The puttees and cords still remained, but the coi'd was destined to hibernate to the right shoulder the following season, where it remains to this day. The appearance of the light long tiousei’s with the black and gold stiipe in 1939 was the last major change in the uniform. Flashy uniforms may not add to the musical ability of the University’s “All American” Band, but if it is inspiration that’s needed, they got it!
Senate Will Vote On Candidates For Senior Offices Candidates for senior offices in the Student Senate were nominated this week;' voting will be held tomorrow. The candidates are as follows: President, A1 Lindskoog and Jack Hines; Treasurer’, Louis Fisher and Bill Kennedy; Secretary, Wilma Jean Palmer’, unopposed. Campus elections for representatives from the various schools and from the service men who are students will be held at the beginning of next semester. Any underclassluen or student service men who petition will be eligible in the elections for sophomore or junior positions. Eight men will be elected to represent the service men on the canrpus and twelve students will be elected to represent the civilian student body. Details of the elections will be published later. Breeders Will Attend Hereford Smoker According to Secretary Henry Mayo, there will be a smoker Sunday night, October 17, at the Fowlpr Hotel marking the fifth annual sale of the year’s best cattle. The speaker will be Dr. George Scarseth, chief of the University Soils and Crops department. His topic will be “The Importance of Rich Land in Producing Champion
Herefords.”
The cattle which will be brought in Sunday are to be judged at 9 Monday morning by B. M. Anderson, assistant sceretary of the American Hereford Association. The sale is to be held at 1 p. m. on Monday, October 18, at the University Livestock Pavilion, and lunch will be served by church groups. Women's Pool Opens With Splash Party Last Wednesday afternoon the swimming pool in the Women’s Gym was officially opened again with %. “Splash Party”. About 20 girls were there for the opening, and after playing games and having relays, they finished with swimming as
they wanted.
The pool is now opeir every afternoon to all women students from 4 until j5:30. On Monday, Wednesday, and Thursday afternoons there will be beginners’ instruction at 4 and advanced swimmers’ instruction at 4:30, but any one may swim at these times regardless of the instruction. The instruction will be for those
who want it.
Biological Society . . . will hold an open meeting in Stanley Coulter Hall at 4 p. m. Wednesday, H. 0. Deay, secretary announced. C. M. Kirkpatrick of the University Forestry Department will show several reels of film on
wild life.
Tau Kappa Epsjlon , . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of Dale Appel, and the pledging of the following men: Sinesio Zagnoli, Emil Szmyd, Lou Holtsman, John Nooter, and Washington Char.
the Boilermaker’s third and final touchdown in the third period, when he went over, from the Camp Grant 8 yard line on a quarterback sneak. Vacanti was over the goal line before the Warriors realized that he had the ball in his possession. His attempt for an extra point
was low.
Early in the second half the Riveters suffered a severe blow when Stan Dubicki, who tallied 7 of the 19 points, suffered a torn ligament in his knee. It is not know how long the speedy, place-kicking specialist will be side-lined by the injury. Boilermakers Dominate Play The Boilermakers completely dominated the play as the statistics will show. The Camp Grant eleven was able to pick up only 8 first downs while Purdue gained 15, 9 as the result of rushing and 6 by pagses. The Warrior first downs were distributed evenly as a result of passing and ruiming. On the ground the Riveters bettered the soldiers 153 yards to 80, while in the air the Boilermakers gained twice as much grouird as did the Gamp Grant eleven when they gained 122 yards to the soldiers’ 61. Fumbilitis The Boilermakers maintained a touch of the fumbilities the first half that attacked them last week, and were charged with four fumbles. Of the five fumbles that were made by the Riveters four of them were recovered by the opponents. The Boilermakers recovered only one of the three Warrior fumbles, that coming when Alex Agase caught the ball almost before it hit the ground. Burghardt Stars Bill Burghardt former Riveter performer, and Tony Storti were the standouts on the Camp Grant offensive. Storti averaged 5.3 yards for 8 attempts while Burghardt has a 5.1 aveiage for a like number of attempts. After he entered the game in the third stanza Burghardt did the p’jnting and the passing. Burghardt was the instigator in Camp Grant’s only threat late in the final period when he ran through almost the entire Riveter team only to be brought down by Charley Haag with a beautiful tackle from behind. As the game ended Burghardt completed a pass to Hubert on the Pur-
due 15.
Line Proves Itself The Riveter line proved itself to be one of the best in the nation as holes were continually opened in the line that was 16 pounds per man heavier and which had a number of former professional stars. The pass catching of Joe Buscami and Frank Bauman was outsta^iding as was the tackling of DeFilippo, Agase Barwegan, Genis, and Kasap. Blaine Hibler proved to be a capable substitute for Vacanti as he completed several passes. Art Flint, running behind some good blocking, returned a Warrior punt 32 yards in the early part of the closing' period. Purdue (19) Camp Grant (tt) Buscemi L.E Huber Kasap L.T Bent* Bhrwegen . L.G Zimny DeFilippo C . . Goldsmith Agase . . R.G Orlando Uenis R.T Coomer Bauman R.E. , . . Goldman Vacanti . , Q.B 'ffeko Dubicki ., L.H Dewar Dimancheff . R.H .Reed Butkovich.. .. F.B StortiJ
Purdiie Exponent
Sunday, October 10, 1943
±
Purdue Ex]ponent
combined with Purdue Independent
Offices Editorial and Business thirdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, PiOldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m , 5377
Editor Bnsincsis Manas«r News Editor Manaaine EdHor Spirts Editors
rUis Murphj Mary Dilt« William H Tysor Carolvn Wilbnr Raj mond J Smith Russell M Lipcs
Publication Staff Editorial Staff Associate Editors Jack Abbott 1 Madelyn A Crotnos lami 1 Rich irds n Mnr(,aiit \ btollc Jamo Ackorniai
Business Staff
Adiertismg Manager C L Gaunt Assistant Adicrtising Manager Betty Maney Circulation Manager R G <^auerman
1. ht Editor hord^*"” Abbot. Ci'tfLuor Richardson Sport, Editor Simons l«5suc Ed tor Asperper v oi R^jiorlers } i ich ird (n H Gr r\ K Gicuoiv 1 n I 1 Ob, Snyd r Siveri rnionb. W (,,irb r P G ^ i berk <3 ! i 1 , r iphcr \\ t lolber
Entered as second cU,6 matter at the post office in Lafay ette Indiana under the , ct ol Congress of March 3 18,9 and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103 act of Oceber ^ 191 authorized January 20 1922 Published on Tuesday Thursday and -jl'.fl, mg the Yea. e^oept cortmn v .eat on periods Df hv rnrricr for for n stmcbter by mail foi pi bU lor a B mestcr Subsci ptions max be btained at the Exponent
office or at the West Desk o the Union
Represented for rational advertising by National Adverbs mg Seivee Inc College P iblishers Representatives 420
Madison AvO New Tork N Y
Friday Night
Dance Fee . . .
Education
For Veterans
America has alieady begun to think ot the veteians ot World War II and ib planning to pioiide for their futuie This most important phase of national post-wai planning will, ol coui«e, involve many diffeient types of endea\ or Owe of the most important of these is
education
The educational plans will encourage men and women to finish obtaining the education that they had begun befoie being interiupted by the Geimans and the Japs According to the Wisconsin press bulletin fifty aimy veterans of the piesent war will stait in theie this fall At othei colleges thioughout the nation, other veterans aie looking forwaid to enrollinig once moie as students Many ot the veterans aie shopping aiound to find the school wheie then pie\ious college and aimj lecords will give them the
most credits
Heie in Indiana, and also in Oklahoma, the state educational authoiities aie convening foi the purpose ot dralting a set ot legulations to be lollowed in each respective state which will maintain a unitorm ciedit allowance loi,sei \ ice men astheyieturn to the various campusses This legulation of credit to be lecened will help the veteran service man a gieat deal as the state educational boards will piobably woik in some ciedit foi specialists couises taken in aimj and navy training
schools
mSIIIKSIOH . * u 5 t.i oil. MERRY: GO-ROUND
GRIN Atp «EAf ft
ty DREW PEARSON Thiril War Bond Drive Gets Seven Billion Dollars From Small Sub-y scribers; Stops Inflation
In Older to avoid any misunderstanding among the sei\ ice men who have already purchased Union cards, it is expedient that we explain the fact that dances held m the Union ballrooms on Fiiday night will cost all comers a stated pi ice There aie two important reasons for this charge The first one is that the Union officials say that it is impractical to bring a big name band to the campus and chaige nothing for the dance In the second place manj^ of these dances which invoke the importation of big name bands are not in any wav sponsored by the Union They are sponsored by campus organizations such as AWS, or the Interfiaternity Presidents’ Council As has been mentioned pieMously in this column, the^e, and similar organizations give traditional annual dances Usually the affairs are formal or with a definite theme which is repeated in some way year after year As was explained last week, there has been some confusion among the Union authorities and the people who sponsor traditional dances as to the use of the ballrooms In an attempt to alle\iate the desire among campus organizations for piivkte traditional dances, the ballrooms will be rented to some of these organizations on Friday night, and the sponsors ot the dance w ill be allowed to charge admission to anyone who cares to attend This chaige will be the same charge as that made for the same event in previous years Although the dance is in the Union, it is not Union sponsored, therefore, the charge in no way Molates the rights and privileges of service men who have paid a Union Fee, or of other students who paid an activities or recreational fee at legistiation —c j w.
WASHINGTON—Most significant thing about the Thud Wai Loan was not that it was oveisubsciibed, but that the lob was done without the eommeicial banks In this diive unlike the diive last spiing, the commeicial banks were left out, and the money all came from the public large investors and small In the second drive, a big hunk amounting to more than a thud of the quota was set aside for commercial banks The sum was five billion dollars, out of the quota figure ot 13 billion But the public came so close to hitting the 13 billion, Without the bank borrow mg, that Treasury officials were encouraged to depend on the public alone this time Also they increased the quota Thus m the recent drive, the quota of 15 billion not only was two billion higher than the last quota of 13 billion, but was 7 billion higher than the amount sub sciibed by the public last time The importance of this is expiessed in Marrmei Eccles’ phrase ^dangerous dollars” This is what he calls borrowing fiom commercial banks These “dan gerous dollars” come not from wages or savings, but merely from the imaginary funds made by a bookkeep ing opeiation In other words this is inflationary and does not skim off the suiplus money in John Q Pub lie s pocket Note Government workers have subscribed so many bonds in ry,iiou& drives that the machineiy lor deliv eiing the bonds to them has been a bad bottleneck Worst offender is the War Department, whose Service Forces depot at New Cumberland, Peniia has failed to deliver bonds purchased as fai back as January, 1942 Some workers suspect the money has been mis appropriated but the real trouble is merely that War Department hadn t the staff to issue all the bonds subscribed The workers will get then bonds all right in the end The ^'Stepladder" Racket' the Ramspeck Civil Seivice Investigating Commit tee soon will cut loose with a blast against a “step ladder promotion lacket inside the government This has enibled ambitious young civil seivice workers to tuple and quadruple then salaries in a shoit time while veteiaii employees plod foi yeais without a raise The laise seekeis viiturlly ‘wiite themselves” into better jobs by greatly magnifying then qualifications Hero IS how it is done A 22 year old girl who was jerking sodas at 35 cents an horn thiee jm-rrs ago is now making $3 200 a year as an “Associate Personnel Oflicei at the OPA A verbose application in Civil Service which she sub mitted stated among other things that she was equipped to “plan and conduct pioceduial studies Her appointment was not the fault ot OPA but ot C ivil Seivice which sent her to OPA A 29 yea old Admiiiistiative Officer in the Agii cultinc Deputment who is paid $3 800 a year was drawing down the munificent sum of $480 a year as a ‘student research assistant two yeais ago His ap plication contains 200 words ot gibberish, stating in part that he can “direct comprehensive post audits of actions taken under doleg xted authoiity” Thiee ^cais ago a 25 year old „oveinment woiker M as paid $4 a day as a ‘ student intei nee’ in the Census Bureau He now has the lofty status of a ‘ Senior Administrative Officer in the Agiicultuie Department at $4 600 a year Chief qualification he listed in a 200 word digest of his abilities was thrt of ‘planning and developing new piocedure Mhatever that means However, its the kind of talk that gets you a raise under the Civil Service System
iSk. J/uL ^hu^udmdL
SI. John’s Episcopal Church Sixth arid Ferry Bev. R- F. Thornton, Rector Sam —Holy Communion Sam —Holy Communion for students and army and nav^ personnel
will be an open house at the home of Rev E R Halsley at 836 North Salisbury 7 30 11 on Friday—Directed reclea troll 8 12 on Saturday—Service Men’s Party
9 30—Student breakfast 10 46—Morning/prayer and service The topic of the sermon is to be “The Burning Bush Not Consumed ” The music furnished by a chojr of boys and men under the direction of Harry Irwin Metzger will include “Break Forth Into Joy” by Semper The service is to be broadcast over WASK
Hillel Foundation 116 Sheet? Street Rabhi M H Simon 10 30—Services will be held at Fowler Hall 6 00—Regular supper seminar 8 11 30 on Saturday, October 16 —Harvest Dance at Temple Israel
Lutheran Students Lutheran students organization on the campus is sponsoring a “Vehicle Voyage” this afternoon at 2 p m Starting from the front of: Fow(See CHURCHES, page 3)
St Mary’s Catholic Chur<h 12th and Columbia Re\ Edward Holland, Student Pastor 6 30, 8 00, 9 30, 11 30—Mass 3 5 45 and after 7 16 on Saturday—Confessions 2 30 6—Newman Club will spon SOI a dance Sunday afternoon in St Mary’s hall
MRMGTtt
‘See That’s all the deduction j-ou’re allowed—presuming that you’re single, of course ”
University Calendar
Monday, October 1 i
CALENDAR 8 30 P M University Club
Ballroom Union
4 30 PM 6 30 P M 7 00 PM 7 00 P M
7 00 PM
4 00 PM 7 00 PM 7 OOP M 7 30 PM 8 00 P M
9 00 A M 7 30 P M 7 30 P M
All day 7 30 P M 8 OOP M 9 00 P M
Tuesday, October 12 Tail Beta Pi Meeting Room 303, Union Alpha Kappa Lambda Meeting Room 302, Union Social Science Seminar West Faculty Lounge, Union L imbda Chi Alpha Meeting Room 305, Union Wednesday, October 13 Pill Kappa Psi Meeting Room 303, Union Thursday, October 14 Committee on State of University Room 263, Union American Chemical Society Room 211, Stanley Coulter Hall Gill Scout Executives Room 261, Union Playshop, “Hay Fever” Eliza Fowler Hall Society ol Professional Engineers Room 263, Union Friday, October 15 Eaim SeCuiity Meeting East Faculty Lounge Union Convo—Paul Diaper and Larry Adler Hall of Music Plavshop ‘Hay Eevei” Eliza Fowler Hall Saturday, October 16 Ind Hampshire Swine Breeders’ Assn Judging Pavilion Playshop, ‘ Hay Eevei ’ Eliza Eowlei Hall WRH Eoimal WRH Coed Bid Dance Ballroom, Union
University Presbytenan Church North Street, Near Grant Rev John W. Findley, Munster 9 30—Student Class 10 30 — Morning Woiship The guest preacher will be Rev Dale Robb of Chicago, whose subject will be “Facing Life’s Question Marks ” 5 00—The Sunday Evening Fel lowship will meet m the recreation room Robb will lead a discussion following the supper The program will close at 7 p m , but any desii mg to remain for games or music are welcome 7 to 11 on Friday—The church will he open for games, dancing, and organized recreation
Wesley roundatioir Corner State and Sheetz Streets Rev E R Balsley, Ministei 9 30—Sunday School 10 40—Morning Worship will be held at the First Methodist Church Dr Otto Scott Steele will speak on the subject ‘ The Guiding God ” The music will include “Like as the Hart” by Palestrina 5 15—Fellowship supper at 20 cents a plate 6 15—Ml and Mrs R B Zum stein will continue then discussion on the habits and customs of the people of Malaysia 2 6 on Sunday afternoon there
Exchange Post
Dies Committee Sensations
Justice Department’s ace piosecutoi John Rogge who has amassed new evidence ag rnist Ameiican Fascists pays tribute to Martin Dies in building up
his sensational case
Rogge the man who pailed Governor Leche of
I oinsiana Seymour Weiss, Boss Tom Pender gast and various otheis expects to uniavel a completely new and eye popping plot of Nazi nitiigue when he goes before a District Columbia gland jury soon It will
include some prominent American fascists While piepaiing his case Rogge got a call from
Congiessman Dies of Texas who told him ‘ Yon peo pie have ignoied all the material I ve gathered, hut a
lot of it may help you ”
‘ I d like to inspect it ’ Rogge said and put four men to sorting through the maze of Dies documents They woiked for seveial weeks with profitable results
Pieshmen at the University of Illinois aie initiated into campus activities nr n big way The dean of students Picd II Tuinei, in chaige of freshmen, has chaige of a program to acquaint new students with activities This is in the form of an activity night at which time new students see a display of ex hibits of all campus activities Spe cial committees take the names of
students who might be interested in woiking on the individual commit tees —E P— Indiana Univeisity students are short on pep this year as displayed at then football games Even at the Indiana Wabash tilt, student en thusiasm was at a low level It took the service men led by one lone navy man to show up the Indiana stu dents and cause an editorial in the Daily Student
Inside The Army
Efficient Wai Shipping Admniistiatoi Lew Douglas wiote out his letter of resignation, effective Jan 1 when he heaid a lepoit that Gen B B Somervell would be appointed the new Chief of Staff Douglas and Som eivcll have had a long standing feud over war ship ping Later Douglas tore up his letter of lesigna tion Ills fi lends say this means Somelvell will not be Chief of Stafl Ideal selection for Chief of Staff would be Gen Hap Arnold Chief of the Air Services Ihis would amalgamate the ground and an blanches of the Army as never befoie, would cut the argument from undei advocates of a separate An Force Gen Arnold who has made the Air Eoices the most power f ul sti iking weapon in the woild, would lean over back waid to be fan to the ground forces Other up and coming ofliccis to watch in the war picture are Gen Omai Bradley, whom Gen Marshall has entrusted vith many important jobs, and Gen Bob Eichelbergei now in Austialia who was secretary of the Geneial
Staff under Gen Malm Ciaig
(Copyright 1943 by United Feature Snydicate, Inc )
1 he government is turnishing these veteran students not only tuition, but also the cost of books and othei school supplies, items which weie not piovided in the similar piogram following the last war We teel that this is a veiy encouiaging piece oJ woik on the pait ot the po^t-wai planners, and we earnestly hope that this University will be able to ofiei a similai progiam to the men who left this school to join the armed lorces when these former students, whether they were here as civilians, AST men, V-12, 01 naval electiicians, letuin to complete their education —j 11
? "5TEPPIM(J EUN SENSATION!
Such laughsi Such songs' Such slarsi Such galsi
It s M-G-M s Big Showl
What a Cast of MADCAP ENTERTAINERS!
Starring
lt«d SKELTON
Tho King of Hilarity
Eleanor POWELL
The Darling of the Donee RICHARD ASNUY • PATRICIA DANE Young and Hondtome Gorgeous and Dangerout SAM LEVENE • THURSTON HALL Headlinot of Lqughc ! Explotlve Rich Mon LENA HORNE Honey Voiced Song Bird
HAZEL SCOTT
Siren of the Key Board
Jiiiimy non AND BAND
Hit Songs galore with HELEN O'CONNELL. BOB EBERLE The favorite Vocollstt / pf Radio and Bond
NOW fLAYING
Star Eyet So Lang Sardh Jane * One O Clock Jump ^ Swmgm the Jinx Away''
ARC
COOL WASHED AIr
TODAY AND MONDAY
THII S flAlE WE API
ALEXANDER KORDA presents
and ■
DON AMECHE JOAN BENNETT
"GIRL TROUBLE' — ALSO —
THIS IS AMERICA “LT SMITH"
LUMA
NOW SHOWING
of:
M
%
(/£
Tivef
Tke>/^‘;V„
tt'”
'"KM
ne'
ve''
‘THANK YOUR LUCKY STARS’ 'THEY RE EITHER TOO YOUNG OR TOO OLD
ICE COLD KATIE'
•GOOD NIGHT NEIGHBOR’ »
’1 M RIDIN FOR A FALL'
’HOW SWEET YOU ARE ,^0'“
’LOVE ISNT BORN
’THE DREAMER’ a^di '
GEO.MS-lACKCn ALAN flAlE-LDW.E.HOI)T(ll
V }Army, ^vy. Marine News
Simday, Oetahey^lO, 1943
For Service Men, By Service Men
amtifA
Contest Balloting Will End Tonjqht
1^=
Jhi Aijcluf Saq^ By Jay Newman AB , USNR
Now that the shock of seeing a WAVE officer on board has given way
1, /! curiosity, we thought it might b^'^ivise to look into the case Running
Toni^iii/ is liSiSt opportunity to voto for tno winner of the our ^ tJi© ^-i^ound, as a good n^ws wiitel is supposed to do, we S^f'VlCe Beauty Contest AlOng'SKie the entries, which found that the University’s newest naval officer 3s Ensign Eva Klamen £\!jCB on display ih front of thfeSwe^i; -Shop, is the ballot box All an^ that she^s going to work m East Cary Hall as an assistant to Lt Vdtes inttst be made on the Official form whieh is printed m the c g 1 ^ W Martm This seemed rather madequate to fill up a column, „ , so we cheerfully arranged an interview with Miss Klamen herself
flxponejit.
‘ "fhiS photographs have been posted this last week and the
popular interest is shown by a
WBAA Schedule
Monday
10 30 News
10 45—Smile Time
nfearly full ballot box There i#" still room for more votes which will make the winners
even more representative of 11 00— Rural Sociology
11 60—Purdue News
the “pulchritude opinion” of the soldieis, sailors and maiines Best Peur Photos Judged When all the ballots have been ;)uaged, the foui photographs fiom each seivice which have leceived the most votes will be presented to lit Go! HiCks and Lt Commander Kegley, the contest judges, foi final
dew&ion
The judging will take place this coming week and the winneis will he announced on this page of the Exponent. It IS planned to have most of the page leseived foi the pictures of the winners and stones coneeitiing the contest A-fter the final announcement the pxwes of a tiavelmg case and roses will be sent to the winnei if she is not in the vicinity The gifts will be presented to the young lady if she IS living in Lafayette Buy War Bonds
Prof O r Hall
XX 66—News
12 00—F-irm Forum 12 do—M^et the Band
1^ 56 News
1 00—Homemakers Club V Beny
1 16—Music
1 30—Parent's Forum
1 46—Maiketfa
1 56*—Newb
2 00—Story a Day
2 15—Music
2 45—The Job Repoi’tor Helen Snyder
2 66—News
3 00—Mary Louise Reppeit pianist
3 15—Afternoon Melodies 8 30—Musical Varieties
i 56 News
4 00—Tea Time Tunes 4 30—Just Relax
4 '65—News
5 00 Little Miss Mulfett
r ir—Musie
6 30—Vespers 6 15—Spoits Review r 00 Prayei Minute C 01—Dinner Hoi i
G 56—News
00—fiadt Winds Tavern 30—Allies \s Hitler
46—Music 7 Sr News
8 00—The Bookman S ir—Murdci of Lidice (Piny) 8 30—Voice of the Army 8 4)—Eventide Lchoes
8 —Nows
9 00—Mubieana ) 30—Aiiythii g B t Swing
9 66—Newb
10 00—Off the All TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSJEIED
► NEWS ITEM FOR EMILY POST ^ The first thing to be said'is that we’ll give tei rifle odds that Miss Klamen will be the most popular officer aboard m a very short time ^he looks a good deal like the WAVE¥adionperatoi shown in the recruiting posteis with a pair of ear phones over her ears and a telegraph key m her hand Only of eotase Miss Klamen being an assistant in the dispuising department, ^at behind a desk and toyed with a pen while she spoke She’s been to three different colleges, studying at two of them after she had joined the Navy She’s never t»en to the University before, but said that she was delighted to be stationed here “I take a different route every morning on my way to Cary Hall,” smiled Miss Klamen, “so that I’ll become acquainted With the campus But the place Js so big that it’s a wonder I get here sometimes ” Then we helpfully explained that that’s nothing, we’ve been here over three months and stjll get lost occasionally It’s due to home at the buildings being at forty-five degrees with some of the other buildings ot Something, we said, and then gave it up, being
rather poor at t^planations.
In thiee or fouf easy statements. Miss Klamen removed a lew question marks concerning military etiquette from our alleged mind Incidentally, this info is strictly official because WAVE officers attend Midshipman’s School for two months and aieiiut through much the same soit of train-
ing as are other naval officers
“Never address a l^AVE officer as ‘Ma'am’,” stated oui informant “If you don’t know her name or rank, say ‘Sir’ ” The best method is to call hei by name As an example, “Do people still stare at women in uni form when they appeal in public. Miss Klamen’” (The immediate leponse to that one was “Yes” ) As an alternative to using the name, it’s quite propel to just use the rank of an officer, with or Without adding
her name
First WAVE Arrives Here; ' 'V t ^ t t U Of i % ^ Ensign Eva Klamen Reports Officer V/ill Assist Lt. (j.g.) H. W. fAartin With Supplies Ensign Eva Klamen, first WAVE to be stationed on the campus, has just reported to Commander Hugh J Bartley as assistant supply and disbursing officer For the first time a WAVE has been assigned duties in' a school where sailors and marines are training in both V-12 and electrician mates schools Ensign Klamen will assist Lieut. (1 g ) Harry W Martin, supply and disbursing officer, in paying navy bills and the men and — -— officers stationed here
► NEW ITEMS FOR KIERAN, TOO The next thing we wanted to know was whether the men on the station here realised that Ensign Klamen was an officer when they first saw her Her answer was a compliment to all the service men on the campus “An unusually large percentage of the men saluted me the very first day I was here,” declared the Ensign “The Marines and Seamen were geneially a bit quicker in recognizing my blue stupe as an officer’s, but the soldiers did quite well for themselves ” If anyone is in dovrbt, here s how to recognize Miss Klamen on each sleeve of her blue jacket is a light blue ensign’s stupe On the collar of her white blouse is a single gold bar, and she wears the familiar officer’s cap design (a gold and white eagle) on her hat In answer to some general questions about WAVES, we were told that they now number close to 30,000, that as yet they are stall not allowed to serve overseas, that WAVE officers may not give military commands and that they are an integral and not just an auxibary part of the U S Navy We asked Ensign Klamen, as everyone does sooner or later, why she selected the WAVES rather than some other branch of the service “I did a bit of investigating before I joined up ” canl^the reply, “and found that the WAVES get a chance at a larger variety ot technical jobs than do women in other branches I liked that sort of work, and so there you are ”
► LIKES IT HERE Since the regulations lequue a WAVE officer to be on board any station on which enlisted WAVES aie quaitered. Miss Klamen’s ariival at the Univeisity indicates there will probably be more women assigned to the station soon They would take over the supply stoie, ship’s seivice yeo men’s positions, etc Tbeie aie a great many jobs to which WAVES may be assigned at the Univeisity After we had run out of questions. Ensign Klamen concluded the in teiview with the remark that she liked what she had seen of the campus so far and felt that she was going to like it even more aftei she had been heie a while
Al^^is Smith makes har daneifig d^butm “Thank Youi Lucky Stars,” Warner Bros’ star->studded musical pioduttion I he pictuie opens its engagement at the Lafayette Theatre todaj
Miss Klamen, whose home is in St Louis, Mo , loined the WAVES last February and was called to active duty on Apiil 10 After completion of tiaining at Mt Holyoke college. South Hadley, Mass , she was commissioned an ensign, and sent to Radcliffe college for Naval supply training physical education majoi, she graduated from Harris Teachers College, St Louis, in 1941, and worked as cost accountant at an aimy ordnance post before joining the WAVES
Personnel Notes Companies scheduled to visit the
campus
General Electric Co , Schenectady, N Y —October 22 Intel ested m Chemists, ChE, ME, CE, EE Shell Development Co, Emeryville, Cal —Date to be announced Interested in Chemists, Ch E , M E , C E , E E Ingersoll Rand Company, New’ York—Date to be announced Interested m M E , E E Sperry Products, Inc, Hoboken, N J —October 25 Interested m
ME, EE
These companies are not scheduled to visit the campus, however, they are interested in students for employment The Standard Oil Company of Ohio, Cleveland, Ohio—^Interested in M E, Ch E , E E , Chemists Sign in Peisonnel Office by Saturday, Oc-
tobei 16
I Phelps Dodge Copper Products Corporation, Inca Mfg Div, Foit I Wayne, Ind—Intel ested in chemists Sign in Personnel Office by Sat-
Iiistructions to all army ground units to use every possible mday, October 16 means foi simulating battle conditions in combat troop train- ^ Manufacturing Company, mg have been issued by Lt Gen Lesley J McNaii, command- ME°EE^Sign m Pe’^onnd'’^ce by ing general of the Army Ground Foices, the Ft Sam Houston Wednesday, October 13 Blazon reports Kankakee Ordnance Works, E I. “Battlefield realism is the primary test in training exer- duPont de Nemours Co, Johet, Ilh-
cises,” the Blazon quotes Gen McNair “Combat firing exer- tarn then
Ensign Eva Klamen and Lieut (j g ) Harry W Martm discuss duties
connected with hei recently-acquired position.
McNair Urges Realism In Combat Training
nois Inteiested in chemists Sign
FRATERNITY BULLETINS Invitations, Fraternity Letter Heads and Envelopes — Paper Towels, Toilet Paper—^Typewriter Paper—50c the ream LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY Phone 7828 511 Ferry Street
cises are conducted for the pur-
Next Sunday, Octobei 17, the Pio- pose Of Simulating actual battestant seivice of worship will be- tie conditions Coordination gin at 9 30 under the leadership of and control should be that posRev E R Balsley Piotestant Civil sible in battle Reliance must not Chaplain Rev Balsley will be placed upon aitificial
enthusiastic confidence S. F. Bower & Co,
Service Men Hear Worship Programs
nf wnicliin nio liolrl in *— —..... pidceu iipuii ai umciai means 1 ’ i: “ ^ „ ,, speak on );h$ theme “Why Piay” which aie mtioduced foi reasons of be, methods ot picking non corns are
Kliza 1 owlei Hall loi seivice men t, , ^ f
in our purpose and methods,” but to let then work and then authorized ^ ,
spokesmen speak for them
Prospects...
Its getting a lot harder to win stupes, too Or possibly that should
Inc,
Fort ME,
Ind —Inteiested Sign by Octobei 16
Naval Research Laboratory, Washington, D C Interested in E. E , M E , physicists Sign by Octo-
Pvt Robeit Humphieville of the safety and which will not be pres ^’eing vastly improved
every Sunday morning beginning at USMCR will sing The music for eiit in battle
^ all Pietestant services is under the taught to ad
' ' " direction of A P Stewait, dnectoi
vance under the protection of sup
Churches
(Continued fiom page 2) lei Hall, the fun seekeis will proceed to a secret destmation on bi-
Rather than let this happen, let our 24 Hour Service rejuvenate your limousine!
Parts for All Needs! PETER ANDERSON CO.
Corner of Sixth and Alabama
Phone 4048
A new method set up by organizations at Camp Polk involves an ....J. interview by an officer board over
of University musical organizations porting flies It cannot be expected above the moie tiaditional cycles which students are to proThe service at 8 30 will be under tflat men will advance piopeily rin- methods of appointment vide, or on foot the direction of Rev Edward Hoi jigi the protection of supporting ai- Here’s how it works the company A. few bicycles will be available land of St Maiy’s'Uatholic Church tillery fire on a battlefield if they commandti selects candidates for those who do not have a bike of and at 10 30 under the direction of flave not become accustomed to do non com jobs, and sends their names then own The luncheon which is to Rabbi M H Simon of the Hillel go in the tiainmg area ” to the battalion Here, a board oi of be served at the end of the trail is Foundation, _ lx’ ficeis lepiesenting all companies scheduled to add another suipiise
jpCCUldtlOn . . • tests them on the battalion’s woik, to the group Speculation—especially in pub gunnery, map reading, basic mill- ' ‘
lie—ovei the possibility of an early taiy subjects and current events It eei reports They haven,’t panned
will you please return Elmer to the war was discouraged tflgy pabs, there are additional in- out in the field Substitution is to to the physiology department’ El- Army An Force personnel teiviews with the battalion opera- be a mixture ot cotton and wool .. mei IS only a corpse, and all flig'Recently in a letter to all AAF men tions officer and with the co Not Also on the sub list is buna, the artifiiends and admirers are seriously by Gen H H Arnold until they have passed all hurdles ficial rubber, for real i-ubber in worried about his welfare these cold Pointing out that such public aie they appointed shoes Same source Some camp autumn evenings This outstanding speculation serves no good purpose, -pfle advantages of the new plan papers are put to unusual—but precorpse which had the lead in the Gen Ainold noted that, especially delude not only the selection ot bet ^umably eftective uses Morns Army show nevei committed a sin when such statements weie taken to ^ ^ ^ Field’s Code sends a WAG reporter
in Its hfe-oi IS It death’ lepiesent official viewpoints they lealization by those chosen,
Army
Befoie taking any diastic steps be both liar mini and danger with such a leknown personage, They could, he said affect the please consider the fact that he will aioiale ot industiial woikeis pio be much happier in his natural duction ot airplanes and estimations habital, the physiology department ^he value ot attacks on the
enemy
Buy 'V^'ar Bonds And Stamps He urged AAF peisonnel to re
ot then obligations and duties Here, There... other service notes Cotton socks aie going oft the issue list—as soon as all those on hand have been is sued the Camp Caison Mountain-
£xponsinL SsAviamumiu Ssautif. QontsAL Any Serviceman may vote for his selection by filling out this ballot and dropping it in the box in front of the Sweet Shop.
Mj CJioice for Queen Is Picture Number^^ Name Address ^ Branch ot Service ■— Read Article in Exponent toi Detailed Insti iictions -
soldiers on the field Payoff twenty four hour pass Eghn Field Eagle publishes a laige-type list of all AWOLs reported on the field Offenders don’t Irke rt GI dogtags, new rssue, no longer carry name and address of next of ktn Sam Browne belts and campargn hats have just been tabooed for the druatron They were optional till
recently
“Baptism ot Fire” is the latest GI movie—one of the AGF training se1 les Dealing with battle psychology and designed to prepare a soidiiei lor contact with the enemy, it takes an average private tor its leading character and follows him through his hist battle Majoi Gen Charles H Bonesteel, iormei United Nations Commander iH Iceland now head the Infanti’y School at Ft Bemiurg Sheridan is becoming a combined reception and basic tiaimng center for the Sixth Service Command, taking over functions toimerly performed rt Camps Grant and McCoy, as weft as at Sheridan,‘'S' ' 'vW
f rf,‘ §■
Boilermaleer, Sports
Sundayf October 10, 1943
Ohio State Backs Display Strong Running Attack
Parks, Sensenbaugher Top Yardage Gainers
This coming Saturday the Boilermakers will meet Ohio State at Cleveland, hoping that history does not repeat itself in this game. The Boilermakers have fared none too well in past encounters with the Buckeyes, winning but one out of ten games. At the date of this writing the Buckeyes have played two games, with the backfield gaining 555 yards by rushing against the Iowa Seahawks and University of Missouri. The four leading Buckeye ball carriers have an average of 4.75 yards a try, while the leading Riveter back have averaged nearly six yai’ds a crack. Sensanbaugher leads the backs with neai’ly 7 yards a try as compared with Tony Butkevich’s 8 yard average. Passing Attack Weak While the Buckeyes’ rushing game is approaching mid-season precision, their passing game is far below par. In two games, the Bucks have atteriiptgd 23 forwards, completing only 5 for 92 yards, and have had two intercepted. Meanwhile their opponents have completed eleven out of twenty-seven attempts being for a total gain of 192 yards. Plenty of work is indicated for the Bucks in polishing up the weak passing defense since opponents have made four of the five touchdowns scored against Ohio State via the air. One consolation to the Bucks has been the improvement shown by Cecil Souders in punting under fire. Cecil had an average of only 29 yards in the opening game; he boosted this^to a 37 yard average in the Missouri game. Against Missouri the Buckeyes completely outclassed them, gaining a total of 451 yards to Missouri’s 83. The Buckeyes rolled to 19 first downs all via the ground. In the air they tried eleven passes but all failed. Chief pacemakers for Ohio State were Ernie Parks and Dean Sensanbaugher. Parks spearheaded the Buckeye attack scoring three of the four touchdowns. Sensanbaugher scored the other touchdown. In the game, Missouri showed up the Ohio State weakness by completing five out of eighteen attempted forwards, good for a total of a 111 yards. One of these passes was good for a touchdown when John Morton grabbed a long pass from Joe Dellastatious on the Ohio State 36 and eluded the secondary to score. Ohio State promises to ge a good testing ground for the Boilermaker pass offense and also a good chance for our forward wall to display its strength. "
Classified
Ladies' Hall Stands Only As Memory By Carolyn Wilbur Ladies’ Hall, the home of University coeds of the late eighteenth and early nineteenth century, no longer stands in structure but only in memory to the now much older graduates. For nearly fifty years its ambitious and rather outlandish framework forlornly stood on what was then unquestionably territory out in the country. If it still stood, it would today be considered an annex in front of the Home Economics Build-
ing.
It was christened Ladies Hall during the hoop-skirt and hair-net period, th ename being as Mid-Victor-lan as the scalloped architecture. An American architect imitating the apparently Italian Florentine style designed the building. Regularly spaced circular niches, which remained undecorated throughout the hall’s fifty years of prominence, and a rambling portico marked the rather ugly building. Twenty Girls Filled Hall About twenty girls completely filled the room space on the second floor. Midnight snacks of brown bread, blackberry jam, and pig’s feet, the burning of midnight oil for tomorrow’s exams, and forms of today’s “joe” sessions were common in that hall of yesterday. The very important reception room was also located on the second floor. On specified evenings the men of the campus were permitted to sit in the “parlor” within definite time limits to converse with the “girls”. This calling hour was one of the high spots of the week. The first floor was designed as the center of feminine campus activity. During the period of the first World War, the home economics girls operated a cafeteria providing students twenty-one nourishingmeals a week at a total cost of $2.50 per person. Main Floor Had Art Museum The main floor also contained a small art museum and it was here that the art classes were held. YWCA and any other social clubs of the day had their headquarters in Ladies Hall. One of the social clubs meeting in 1889 was the very popular “Ye Antique Maids”. After the war, the talk of remodeling was frequently heard. President Elliott soon arrived on campus and, before long, new and old alumni alike were suffering sentimental pangs as each load of old timber
Grandstand Echoes
I By Ray Smith
Today’s column has been taken over by Pfc. Jim Ackerman, former Junior Sports Editor, who left school in April with the ERC and is now
back in the University to finish his education.
ROTC’S GI’s ORGANIZE TEAM It all started down in sunny North Carolina, Fort Bragg, to be exact— that is; the idea of forming an athletic program that could give those who were Interested a chance to participate in the contests they desired. Last May a few of the juniors of this school left Fort Harrison to take up residence at Fort Bragg for four months, never having an idea that they would come back to their alma mater. After a couple of months of trying to get used to the torrid zone, the fellows decided they might as well attempt to play a little football and get back into the shape they were in when they left school. Thus one night after working in the field all day, twenty-two men started banging their heads together over a couple of helmets (no pigskins were available). After the fiist couple of helmets weie broken along with a few GI’s, an old sock was thrown into the combat. After the game, which had everyone in hysterics including the officers, a few Boilermakers got together and thought it would be a good idea to form a Boilei'maker
ROTC football team.
DREAM BECOMES A REALITY^ Upon reaching the campus, a few of the instigators. Baker, Bahner, Androff, etc., immediately set off to see if the Battery G boys could organize a team. Red Mackey and Chief Clevett of the Fieldhouse were approached and immediately offered their cooperation. By now the football idea had enlarged. The original idea has become an athletic program for the ROTC men who are interested. There will be football, basketball, baseball and other sports in their respective seasons. At the piesent, football is the only one set iljip. • The cooperation that was received from Colonel Beere, Lt. Colonel Hicks, Captain Hesterberg, Lt. Jewitt, Red Mackey and Chief Clevett is ceitainly gratifying. Red Mackey has promised football uniforms for most of the boys who have come out for the team. Chief Clevett has furnished locker facilities and the hours so that the piogram can be substituted for PEM 12 while the men are participating in it. Captain Hesterberg and Captain Titus have become the athletic officers for the program.
Meet
The Team By Irwin Steinberg One of the many former Illini men on the Boilermaker squad is tall, blonde Frank Bauman. Frank, who stands 6 feet, 3 inches and weighs 215 pounds, is a Marine V-12 lad living at the Alpha Tau Omega fraternity house. Frank first started his football career at Thornton Township Hig)i in Harvey, Illinois, as a freshrpan. Originally a center, he switched to the end position while still in high school and has remained there ever since. During his senior year, Frank was named to the all-state first
WEALTH OF TALENT Bob Baker, who has played on the varsity and the “B” team, will coach the backfield. Jack Bahner along with Ralph Mulford, both formerly of the varsity, will coach the line and ends, respectively. The men can be seen working out eveiy night over on the intramural fi^ld with the “B” team. If the team progresses enough there will be scrimmage with the “B” team. The m^inagers for the squad aie Andioff, Berg, Hageity and Hayes. At the first meeting, about 55 men joined the prog i am to take part in the football activities. These men can form a team with an aveiage of over 190 pounds on the line and 175 in the backfield. The aveiage weight of all 55 is 170 pounds. Numeious men have had some college experience such as Jack Bahner, Bob Baker, Sammy Brosier, Dale Dufifin, Bob King, Ralph Mulford and Mitchell Kocon. All but 16 of the men have had at least high school seasoning. A few of the notables are Paul Sobonya who won his fieshman numeials at both Michigan and Puidue; Geoige Fainswoitfi, end, who madb honorable mention on the all Chicago city eleven a few years back; Bolj King, all Indiana state center in 1940; Ed Agni, who played quarteiback for the Detroit city champions a couple of yeais ago, and Velmar Davis, wiestling stai for the Riveteis.
Badgers Commence Basketball Drill With Large Turnout With several score of naval trainees now stationed at Wisconsin reporting, in addition to a similar number of freshmen and upperclass students. Coach Harold E. “Bud” Foster got the University of Wisconsin’s 1943-44 basketball practice off to an auspicious start in the Badger fieldhouse last week. Bolstered by the large number of navy trainee aspirants to the cage game, the current Badger squad is one of the largest to greet Coach Foster in recent years. There are several first line players among the navy trainee candidates on the squad, as well as a number of fairly outstanding freshmen below draft age. Coach Foster has arranged a 20game schedule for the Badgers this year, opening Nov. 29 with a game with the DePauw University pieflight team in the Wisconsin fieldhouse here
FRANK. BAUMAN team. After finishing, his high school caieer, Bauman entered the University of Illinois, where ho played on the freshman team last year along with Joe Buscemi, now the other end on the Boilei maker’s staiting eleven. Frank joined the Marines on December 13, and was sent to this University on July first. Of the school itself, Frank said, “I like it a lot”, and, of course, thinks that this year’s gridiron team is one of the best.
His biggest thrill while playing football, was being on a team that toppled Great Lakes this season, but he hasn’t forgotten the touchdown he scored against Marquette, several weeks ago. Northwestern and Notre Dame are the teams he would like to play against—and beat. He thinks they’re pretty lucky. In addition to being a fine football player, Frank also plays basketball and is a shot and discus man in track. He won letters for both of these sports while at high school. During his junior year, he placed second in the state in the shot put and was also mentioned on the all-
state basketball team.
Try An Exponent Clas*ified!
Notices
Seventh Term MB’s and AEaj It is tifne for you to begin having employment 'interviewb. Secure the following material from Miss Hacker in the ME Office: 1. Interview piocedure sheet: 2. Company list: d. quebt for Interview” cards ; 4. Oonndentiai , Faculty Kecommendation” form.. Waten bulletin board and Exponent for intervmw notices. . —nuun University Club: Membership dues for '43-’44 are payable to secretary-treasurer now. Membership cards must be all meetinss. BUT/I Students: Any student who wishes to work for the Registrar during the registration for the November Term, November B and b, 1943, will picasc leave his name at the desk in the Registrar’s office. —STONE Attention, Advanced M. T.’s: If you purchased an August, 1943, Debris, please come to the Debris office to receive your copy —GRAUMLICH All Students: Those who wishes to usher at Pla>shop October 13 to IG fog performances of "Hay Fpver”, please call Plajlshop and leave youi name with the secretary. —STEFFES Ijutherans: Bicycle hike will be held Sunday, Octobei 10, promtiy at 2 p. ra. Meet at Fowler Hall. Call Hilda Gettinger for any info.mation at 4212. Catholic Students: There will be & Newman Club tea dance Sunday afternoon, Oct. 10, from 2.30 until 5 in St. Mary's Auditorium Music will be recoided. Refresh-* mentis will be faeived. All Catholic studenta are cordially invited. There will be no admission chaige. ■—ANDERSON Sigma Alpha Epsilon; All members are aslud to attend a meeting, in loom 307 of the Union building Monday at 7 30 ii, m.
—JONES
Alpha Clii Rho: All service men who weie mcmbcis of the Alpha Chi Rho fraternities on otliLr campusscs are recpiested to call 3blb3 befuie Satin day, October 16.
—HOLMES
All Chem Engineers and Chemists: A. I. Ch E smukoi will be held Tuesday at 7:30 p m in room 302, Chem. and Met building.
—GREEN
“Hay Fever" Ticket Salesmen: Anyone not having revolted tickets and money, ukase do so Sunday afternoon at Fowler Hall All reports must be tuined in by ^Sunday. —FOSTER Debris; .Tumor and senior meeting Monday at 4 in the Workshop. —NEESE Light Crew for “Hay Fever": Report for UHigh-woik today at 2 at Fowler Hall Regulai crew woik begins Monday at 7:10 p. m. —MARTINDELL
and Liicks was carted away. To many it seemed almost saciilbge to destioy the old building. Cut Nails Left Today little is known or said about Ladies’ Hall and perhaps the only material essence remaining is old cut nails, 'attached to caids, which President Elliott had salvaged to present as souvenirs to the graduates at commencement the year following the sad demolition.
Basketball practice will start Monday, October 18, at 4 p. m. Candidates will be required to furnish their own equipment until a squad is formed. —LAMBERT.
MAKE MILLER'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS Records (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest hits) Instruments and Accessories Instrument Repairing MILLER MUSIC CO. 514 Main Lafayette Phone 7917
1“
on
Typewriters: Adding macnines, all makes sold, rented repaired and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, 606 Mam, Lafayette. Phone 2779. Money to Loan: On diamonds, watches, guns, luggage, typewriters. Alljert’s Loan Office, 407 Columbia. Typewriter service. C. L. Gunkle. Phone 6943. Wanted—Purdue students to work Thursday and Saturday evenings as \nalters. Experience not necessary Good pa> and shoit hours Elks Club Apply Frank Lemhan. Wanted—Boys to \\ojk at Purdue Memoal Union Cafeteria in Aimy and Navy Woman’s gold Westfield watch at pepXrally Friday night Finder call 8413, Koom 260. Reward Lost—Saturday Oelober 2, three strand pearl bracelet rhinestone elasp. Rewaid if found Wanted—Student to work as waiter in fraternity house, 17 hours per week. Call Bob Allen, 2390. Buy War Bonds
IS
■ A toaist to their wedding is in order by Red Skelton and Eleanor Powell in M-G-M’s slick musical extravaganza, “I DOOD IT,” now playing at the Mars Theatre. Jimmy Dorsey and his band, Lena Horne, Hazel Scott and many other stars also appear in the film.
THE PU
EXPONE
When you want long wear and luxury too, you usually buy two coats. But Alpagora's different. You pay out once} Alpagora pays off twice. The reason lies in Alpagora's special fabric. Because it has twice as many wool fibres on its surface as the average, textile experts call if "DoubleDense", And because of this double-density, it is far richerlooldng and far longer-wearing too. It's double value for
your money.
•REC. U. S. PAT. OFF,
the topcoat... ^32^ ° the overcoat^ ^uUiofiL Inc.
mm