>'4T
\
News ,£j, W eek •> France sets up Daladier for dictatorship in emergency meeting. » FDR asks for action on neutrality laws as U. S.-Germany clash. • Ann Sheridan chosen as having most "oomph." • Spain still involved in "three cornered war." • Steel up as experts predict further sweeping gains this spring. • |ohn Borican, negro trackman, sets new records at Dartmouth. FOREIGN A New Dictator ... ... arose in Europe last night, as France’s chamber of deputies voted 321-264 to grant President Edouard Daladier unprecedented dictatorial powers to rule France by decree until November 30. The senate is expected to make the vote law at an emergency meeting of the senate. Daladier has also called an extraordinary meeting of the cabinet today for military conference. France also joined with Great Britain in sending a sharply worded note to. Germany, protesting her flagrant violation of the Munich Agreement and disavowing any recognition of Germany’s invasion into Czechoslovakia. France also called her envoy to Germany home for “consultation.” Adolf Hitler . . . ... once again stole a march on the world this week as Germany took over control of Slovakia, Czecho-Slovakia autonomy, and advanced his motorized troops into Prague at 7 p. m. .^Wednesday. Shortly after, the Nazi swatstika was waving over the top of the Hradcany castle. Hitler’s headquarters in that city. Der Fuehrer’s unexpected action came after Dr. Joseph Tiso declared independence for the Slovakia autonomy Tuesday and then telegraphed to Hitler:
“In supreme confidence in you, fuehrer and reichschancellor of greater Germany, the Slovak state places itself Under your protection. The Slovak state begs you to take over this protection.” To this Adolf Hitler answered: “I acknowledge receipt of your telegram of yesterday and herewith take over protection of the Slovak state.” Neville Chamberlain . . . . . . prime minister of great Britain, bitterly lashed Adolf Hitler for taking “the law into his own hands” Friday night in a speech before the Birmingham Unionist Association. He also accused Hitler of breaking promises and stated that Britain would fight if the Fuehrer continues to seek domination of Europe. Hungarian Troops . . . . . . marched northward into Cai-patho-Ukraine of the collapsed Czecho-Slovakia republic, but were 1 esisted by vigorous artillery, machine gun, and snipers’ fire. Premier Augustin Volosin of CarpathoUkiaine requested Rumania to annex this territory as a protectorate, but the Rumanian cabinet refused. Hungary, in a foimal proclamation, announced its annexation of the territoiy on Thursday, though its army is being bitterly resisted by patriots of Carpatho-Ukraine who are pledged to die fighting. “Return To London . . . ... at once to report” was the order leceived by Sir Neville Henderson, Biitain ambassador to Germany, this week after Hitler’s march into the Slovakia autonomy. Withdrawal of the ambassador was not meant as severing diplomatic relations with Germany, but for a report I'lom Henderson on the situation in ‘Germany. Penalty Duties . . . . . were slapped on all Geiman imports yesterday by the Treasury Department, first time in history that such action has been taken. 'This action followed by less than 24 hours tlje withdrawal by the treasury of “favored nation” tariff ti eatment' for the three Czechoslovakian provinces taken over by Germany. France and Britain . . . . . . are try to persuade Soviet Rus-
Purdue Exponent
Z.US
SUNDAY
March 19, 1939
Lafayette. Indiomo
VoLSO
No. 142
Banquet Tonight Will End Phillips To Talk Fraternity Week Activities RgligioUS ConVO
Tntfir-Fratfifnitv Rannuet in the
sia to join them in aiding Rumania to resist expanding Nazi economic pressure, foreign office sources said last night. Rumania has asked to be infoimed within 48 hours (yesterday) how much support Paris and London will give her against a possible drive by Hitler. WASHINGTON With Threats Of War . . . . . . thundering across the sea, officials of our own government turned to consideration of the President’s appeal for action on neutrality legislation during this session of Congress. Closely following New Deal denouncement of latest Nazi escapades, Senator Key Pittman (DNev.) called his committee on foreign relations together to survey various neutrality proposals. FDR has been consistent in his disfavor of the pi esent neutrality plan and in his desire to see it repealed. The Piesident also has declared himself strongly opposed to bills before Congress, which, if possed, would make it impossible for this countiy to go to war on foreign soil until a referendum obtained the citizen’s sanction for the lequired movements. “Sharpest Rebuke . . . . . . ever administered by this government to Nazi Geimany” was the way fate papeis described Assistant Secretaiy of State Sumner Welles’ recent comment on additions to Hitlerland. “This march to the east,” said Welles, “is a threat to world peace and the very structure of modern civilization. The United States regards seizure of the central European democracy as ‘temporary’.” New Deal Relief Took One . . . ... on the chin this week when WPA Administrator Col. F. C. Harrington disclosed his belief that WPA should not be peimanent. He estimated that relief I’olls could be cut 50 per cent by July 1. Senator Vandenberg (R-Mich.) promptly introduced a joint draft that a new I'elief system be drafted by June 1, that the 150 million emergency fund requested by FDR be withheld. (Continued on page 2)
Inter-Fraternity Banquet in the Union ballroom tonight at 6 p. m. will bring to a close the activities of Fraternity Week. Paul C. Beam, executive secretary of Phi Delta Theta, will be the principal speaker at the banquet. He will be introduced by Carl Swan, president of the local chapter,of Phi Delta The-
ta.
The banquet is being given for new pledges and newly initiated men, house officers, and as many of the actives as are able to come. Approximately 600 will attend the banquet, according to Ross Dean, president of the Interfraternity Presidents’ Council. Prof. J. J. Davis, head of the entomology department, will act as toastmaster for the banquet. Professor Davis IS an ex-president of the Pm due Fiateinity Advisory Reservations May Be Made Tomorrow For Penguin Club Tables Reservations for tables at the Union’s “IPenguin Club” formal, to be held Friday in the Union Ballroom from 8:30 to 12:30 p. m., may be obtained at 4 p. m. tomorrow in the foyer of the Union. Tables may be reserved by presentation of ticket receipts. Tables will be reserved for two couples. Union vice-presidents Williamson and Richardson, in charge of the formal, request that couples who wish to reserve tables together should make arrangements with each other before Monday. Table Reservations A list of couples who have reserved one-half of a table will be available so that single couples may select their companions. Forty tickets are still available. These will go on sale at 4 p. m. tomorrow in the Union lobby. Eddie Camden and his Shuffle Rhythm Orchestra will furnish the music for the dance, Camden is currently appearing at the Southern Mansion in Kansas City. Freshmen and sophomore union workers who are not planning to participate in the dancing will act as ushers and will man the spotlights. PI A Dance Class
(r
T o Meet T omorrow PIA Social Dance Class will continue its meetings Monday evening at 7:00 p. m. in the Memorial Gym. Miss Helen Knight of the Women’s Physical Education department is in charge of these classes. Those students who aie interested in enteiming these classes may do so at any time. Co-eds who come as partneis may receive the instructions without chaige.
Association and was a prominent speaker at the National Interfraternity Conference which was held in New York last November. A1 Stewart and his Men’s Glee Club will furnish the music and entertainment for the meeting. Tickets may be obtained from Frank Smith at the Alpha Gamma Rho house. / Prom Ticket Sales To Start Tomorrow 1939 Junior Prom tickets will go on sale at the cashiers office in the Executive Building at 8 a. m. tomorrow. Sales will be strictly on a first come, first served, basis. Those who fail to get tickets will be put on the waiting list for returned bids. Students must present their passports, permits, and their four dollars in person. Absolutely no tickets will be issued unless the above conditions are complied with. The number of permits totaled 1,253, according to Jim Rice, PSE ’40. Students, Parents Will Attend Banquet In Union Tomorrow “Students should understand that they are expected to attend the Mothers’ and Dads’ Banquet with their parents,” said Jim Williamson, Union vice-president in charge of the banquet to be held tomor1 ow evening at .6:30 in the Union
ballioom.
The Mothers’ and Dads’ banquet lb an annual affair, sponsored by the Union to enable parents to become better acquainted with the University and the instructors. Pi of. L. M. Seais, of the history, economics, and government department, will be the principal speakei at the affair. He will be introduced by President E. C. Elliott, who will be toastmaster. The address of welcome will be given by Gordon Matthews, Student Union
piesident.
Included in the program tomorlow will be a piano solo by Russ Mock, numbers by the concert choir, a skit by Jane Caldwell and Marianne Nichols. There will also be dance routines by the pony chorus of the “Mikado” and by the Modern Dance group. Banquet tickets may be obtained at the main Union desk for 75 cents each at 4 p. m. tomorrow. Semi-Final Scores At Hammond— Frankfort, 43; Elkhart, 32. At Indianapolis— Franklin, 16; Andeison, 13. At Evansville— Bosse (E’ville), 37; Vincennes 22. At Muncie-— Burris (Muncie), 37; Kokomo, 28.
'Our Emancipated Generation' Will Be The Subject Of Lecture At 10:30 This Morning Dr. Harold Cooke Phillips, pastor, author, and lecturer, will speak on “Our Emancipated Generation” at the regular monthly convocation for worship this morning at 10:30 in Eliza Fowler Hall. Pastor of the First Baptist Church of Cleveland, Dr. Phillips is a frequent speaker on religious topics at eastern col- " ' leges and universities.
Pianists To Present Music Room Concert This Afternoon At 4 Your music room presents another of its Sunday afternoon programs in the Union Building today at 4 o’clock. Ruth and Noel Lee, freshmen at West Side High School will present a concert of classical piano selections. Although only 13 and 14 years old respectively, Ruth and Noel are accomplished pianists. They" appeared in the music room last year and have played on the campus and over the radio several times since. Both play in their high school orchestra and plan to enter a contest sponsored by the Indiana confederation of Music Clubs in April. The program planned follows: 1. Sleepers Wake .... Bach-Whittaker Andante and Minuet Mozart-Maier Prelude in E Bach-Saar Ruth and Noel Lee—two pianos. 11. Sonata Op. 10, No 1 ... Beethoven Allegro-con brio Adagio molto Presstissimo. Noel Lee III. Sea Pieces McDowell To the Sea From a Wandering Iceberg Song. Ruth Lee IV. Two Pianos— Deep River (Negro Spiritual) Kelberine Orientale Luboschutz-Cui Valse Arensky 3rd Regiment, 2nd Battalion Win Honor Highest regimental rating for the last competitive period was won by the 3rd Purdue Field Artillery, Cadet Colonel H. W. Lownie commanding, according to notice received from the military department. Highest battalion rating was won by the 2nd Battalion of the 3rd Purdue Field Ai’tillery, Cadet Lieutenant Colonel L. E. Keck commanding. The efficiency pennant for this last period was won by Battery E, 3rd Purdue Field Artillery, commanded by Cadet Captain L. H. Stephen.
He arrived at the University yesterday morning, and will leave this afternoon in oi’der to address the Sunday Evening Club in Chicago. From there he will go to Aurora, HI., to speak at Aurora College. Likes Hobbies When asked how he liked Purdue, Dr. Phillips said, “I think it is a marvelous campus—it reminds me somewhat of Cornell. The buildings seems so massive and well constructed.” “Hobbies are my weakness,” he said when questioned concerning them, “but I hardly have any time for them,” However, at various odd times he has indulged in collecting old canes, refinishing furniturej and horseback riding. At present he is concentrating on collecting bronzes. Dr. Phillips did not list reading as among his hobbies, saying, “Reading is my work, not my hobby.” Choir To Sing Music for the convocation this morning will be furnished by the University Choir of 150 voices and an Echo Choir of 150 voices under the direction of A. P. Stewart, director of Choral organizations. They will sing two anthems, “God So Loved the World,” and “Holy Is the Lord Our God.” Leland Will Address Druggists's Banquet, 'Socialized Medicine' Dr. R. G. Leland, Director of the Bureau of Medical Economics of the American Medical Association, will be the principal speaker at the ninth annual dinner of the Druggists and Business Conference to be held in the Union ballroom at 6:30 p. m. Tuesday. His subject will be “Socialized Medicine.” John J. Harmay will speak on “Dictatorships in Action.” Head of the histoi-y department at Indiana Central College, Harmay is a native of Palestine and has just returned from a tour of the dictator countries. President Elliott will act as toastmaster for the banquet. Subjects including everything from vitamins and the pharmacists of food, to drug, cosmetic, and the poison laws will be discussed by specialists during the two-day conference March 21 and 22,
^ Traditionally engineers are known as rugged he-men, outfitted in the breeches and boots, battered hat, ^ and usually sighting down a transit. To O’Henry’s “four million” this is an engineer. This mental picture is I the result of the uncounted cases in which the engineer is associatedwith this garb. In the past two hundred years these engineers have been closely 1 connected with the growth of our country. They were the men who did the dirty work when it had to ^ be done. These traditional trail blazers were naturally rough in their dress and manner and conse- , quently in all romantic literature this impression of theii' nonchalant manner has gradually fixed these < battered figures in the public mind.
f,
But today,, the engineer serves in many capacities, much different than those with which people have commonly associated them. Today, in addition to building bridges, tunneling through mountains, building roads, and erecting dams, the engineer serves in the capacity of the executive. In fact his managerial capacity now bids fair to exceed his technical capacity. So now in addition to being embryo technicians Purdue undergraduate engineers must be embryo executives. As future holders of important positions, eds bn this campus apparently don’t measure up to par according to comments made in the past week both in and out of these columns.
In a brief survey of several of the sororities yesterday afternoon, several interesting facts were then gleaned which may or may not substantiate what has already been said. In a shoi't discussion at the supper table of the Pi Phi house Saturday evening, it was decided that there was definite room for improvement in the dress of most eds. Chief gripe was shirts, fingernails, and hair. They believed that the minimum essentials were a clean shirt, clean fingernails, and combed hafr. A press in trousers was definitely on the credit side. Hats were considered as an asset but not absolutely essential. Casual dress meets with their approval but T-sjiirts are definitely not casual,
they are downright sloppy. Incidently they admitted that there is also room for improvement in the dress of the co-eds. In fact they admitted that it was a 50-50 proposition. At the Chi 0 house, a general complaint was made about the lack of individuality in the dress of the eds. They think that the men should be more particular in their choice of clothes. Particular comment here was on combinations and color schemes. - Bright red jackets and green pants don’t work. Ties should always be worn with collar attached shirts but sport shirts are not objectionable. Kappas stressed cleanliness but leaned toward casualness in their criticisms of eds’ clothes. Ties are
absolutely essential on Sundays, however. Pants that have been cleaned and pressed just once in a while will get by. Haircuts ? “Why do the eds take such a delight in getting a short haircut the day of a big dance?” was the plea of one of the girls. Freshly close-cropped heads are taboo. Comment at the Alpha Chi house placed Purdue eds at the bottom of the list of well dressed college men. Chemical and mechanical engineering labs w,ei-e_not considered as legitimate excuses for a sloppy appearance. “After all if they were working at a real job, they wouldn’t drop in at the club or the golf course without cleaning up first, would they?” Hunting caps and those eight o’clock beards are not
Co-eds Collaborate On What The Well Dressed Purdue Ed Should Wear
what the well dressed college man wears, according to Alpha Chi opinion. WRH girls objected to dirty cords especially. Bright colored jackets were considered bright spots for dull days but combinations of plaid ties, sti-iped shirts, and polka dot handkerchiefs were considered as weak points in the eds’ clothes. Other co-eds contacted were either too busy or too shy to make any comments. But the above comments give a fairly comprehensive idea of what some of the co-eds think about the appearance of the eds. Some were frank enough to admit that the co-eds are not all they could be in this matter. Personally vre believe as do the Pi Phis, that it’s a 50-50 proposition.£djihydEd,
the Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during tlie regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription, $3.60. Editor-In-Chief H. I. Stanback Business Manager R* Hensler PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor. L. S. Hardin City Editor., Hailey Associate Editors G. W. Frederick, K. C. Hous.ton, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terx’io, J. C. Woodson Sophomore Assistants Ahlf, Beer, Donahue, Ganzar, Heiple, DeHoog, Howard, Leber, McKee, McKeighen, Massey, Miers, Patterson, Taylor, Thompson, Yates, Willsey BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager M> C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager E. M. i^trami Circulation Manager National Advertising Manager H W. Neyin Accounts Manager ^™ith ' Art Director D. J. Henmnger CO-ED STAFF Editor Sally IHcKee Associate Editors Joy Johnson, Betty Wickard, Georgeann Schilling SPORTS STAFF R. L. McDonald Associate Editors...'.'.'.’ J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D. Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6033 SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 2792 This newspaper is written, edited, and published b yundergraduate students of Pm’due University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-cldef.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
JioahihoA.
Night Editor—Kroeplin
Issue Editor—^Ahlf
Sunday, March 19,1939
NEWS of th@ WEEK
(Continued from page 1) Plans To Raise Debt . . . . . . limits to 60 billion dollars, originally planned by the administration, have been dropped, according to Secretary of the Treasury Henry Morgenthau. FDR in an earlier statement labeled the “rai-sing” proposal, which raised a storm of protest in Congi’ess, unimportant. Rivers And Harbors . . . . . . committee of the House authorized this week improvement of 26 waterway jobs at an estimated cost approximating 30 million dollars. Of this figure, about 26 million will be allotted toward improvement of the Illinois waterway through the Calumet-Sag channel, the three Calumet rivers, and the Indiana Harbor canal. This appropiiation, which must be provided for in the War Department’s civil functions appropriation bill for 1941, includes building of locks in the Little Calumet river, and rebuilding of inteifering railroad bridges. NATIONAL Wearin’ O’ The Green . . . . . . this week coinmeinoiated the 1,446th anniversaiy of the death of Ireland’s pation saint, St. Patrick. Throughout the United States and the world, those of Irish extraction and descent prominently displayed their favoiite color. Fable has it that St. Patiick used the shami ock to demonsti ate the mystic unity of the Blessed Ti inity before pagan King Loeghaiie at Taia; the plant has since become an outstanding Irishism. Fifty Years . . . . . . have passed since New England last saw a March snow to equal the one she was buiied under this week. The worst since the histone blizzard of 1888, the snowfall averaged over a foot in depth over the entiie New England area, leached a depth of six feet in some sections. At least ten peisons lost their lives in the noitheasteily gale that forced traffic to a standstill, paralyzed shipping, and made 60 Massachusetts schools close theii doois. The storm, occuriing on the 51st anniversary of the blizzard that deposited 42 inches of snow on Massachusetts, was accompanied by a wave of cold weather and floods from Maine to Montana.
Ann Sheridan . . . . . . was acclaimed the giil having the most “oomph” in the United States this week by a jury of 25 men representing the professions, the arts, society, the theater, and the cinema. Runner-up in a field of 12 glamor girls, selected by ballotting in 27 of the country’s colleges and univei’sities, was blonde Alice Faye. Miss Sheridan succeeds the late Jean Harlow. Netherlands . . . . . . feeling the need for an Ameri-can-made defense for her East Indies colonies, placed orders for 18 Douglas bombing planes through Vice-Admiral VanDulm this week. The planes will reinforce the present defense system of the islands by releasing other planes for service in the Far East colony. Old Man River . . . . . . lost again this week .as weary WPA workeis conquered his atattempt to break through the Teire Haute levee. After a 24-hour struggle with men and sand-bags the Wabash began to leceed after reaching a ciest of 24.8 feet. At times the wind-lashed watei came within four inches of the top as highway crews feveiishly dumped truckloads of eaith atop the levee. Other river towns wei e not so fortunate. The Prairietown dyke broke, sent water swirling overthousands of acres of fertile fields. The collapse of the Donnelly levee east of New Goshen inundated over 1,500 acies. The crest of 24.8 feet is the second highest .since 1913. WAR Three-cornered . . . . . . waifaie gripped Spam this week as three armies played a watchful-waiting game. Army 1, biggest and sti ongest, belongs to Generalissimo Francisco Franco, who now holds three-fourths of Spain. Army 2 is commanded by famed old Gen. Jos Miaja, president of the Madrid junta which last week ousted the Loyalist government of Premier Negiin. Army 3 consists of Communist “rebels” of the old Loyalist Army which revolted against the Madi id junta. Eai ly this week General Miaja announced for the third time in six days that the revolt against him had been crushed. For the third time he may be mistaken. Other reports say that, although they have been out of Madrid proper, 30,000 men
hold important outskirt defenses, 500,000 Soldiers . . . . . . will move foi-ward early this week with Madrid as focal point of attack in the long-awaited offensive against central Republican Spain, Nationalistic officers reported yesterday. Madrid dispatches said the city was quiet, that Col. Luis Barcelo, who led Communistic revolts last week, had been condemned to death. War On The Sea . . . . . . ended abruptly for Spain last week when the major part of the Loyalist fleet steamed into neutral French port Biberete, Tunisia, flying the Republic’s red, gold, and purple flag. Three cruisers, ei^ht destroyers, and a number of lesser ships sailed into internship from re-volt-ridden Cai'tagena, the fleet’s base 600 miles across the Mediter-
BUSINESS Twenty Miles Per Gallon . . . ... is the claim made by Studebaker for their newest offspring, the Champion, given its initial debut in New York this week. Recognizing the fact that 90 percent of the American riding public purchases cars from the so-called low price field, Studebaker’s Hoffman and Vance have created the Champion in an effort to get part of this business. Accoi-ding to publicity, the Champion owes its economy to the fact that it is 500 pounds lighter than the lightest car in the low price class. They further claim that this “slimming down” was made at no sacrifice to safety, but merely made possible through engineering. Gains Were Credited . . . . . . steel this week in what was supposed to be its best period in many months, according to articles appearing in the current copy of Iron iVge. “While progress is slow, hopes have strengthened that gain in steel volume will at least extend well through the second quarter.” Ingot production went up a point, but this gain only brought the total figure to 56 percent of capacity. Rails are still counted on to boost steel production. About 8,000 freight cars are expected to change hands between car builders and the railroads before the end of the second quarter. SPORTS Negro Sensation . . . ... of the current indoor track season, John Borican, simultaneously turned in his third and fourth rec-ord-smashing performances of the year at Dartmouth’s lightning fast tiack Wednesday, wiping out the 11-year-old half-mile mark with a new time of 1:49.8; automatically becoming owner of the 800-meter indoor record. Fordham’s mile-relay contingent clipped 1.8 seconds off a five-year-old time, lunning the distance in 3:15.2. Don Lash, Indiana state policeman, was able to hold his planned schedule to only the half-mile mark in an effort to break his own twomile record, but failed by three full seconds, finishing in 9:01 flat. Leading Base-Pilferer . . . . . . Bill Weibei, of the baseball business, became the property of National League’s Cincinnati this week at a repoited price of $25,000 after .seveial delibeiations between the senior circuit outfit and the Philadelphia Athletics, previous owner of the 30-yeai -old veteran.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lickty
1 P^PlE
ALSO SHORT SUBJECT
STARTS SUNDAY
WHO WAS TO BLAME? The woman doclor who gave her every waking hour to the call of her profession? Or the lonely husband who found happiness in the arms f another woman? WOMAN DOCTOR with Frieda Inescort - Henry Wilcoxon
TWO FIRST RUN HITS
-PLUS—
Thoroughbreds All—Fighting the bitter battle of deathless southern pride against the unscrupulous treachery of monied vaniy .... FIGHTING THOROUGHBREDS , with Ralph Byrd - Mary Carlisle - George Hayes
After Cotillion comes the calm . . the only thing of any attraction at all was the imports giving the little color that was shown in the Union yesterday . . . when they leave this afternoon, then what? We must say that Happy Felton knows how to swing it. . . hope the Prom committee does as good when they get around to selecting . . . After the wild and wooly ride members of the Prom committee took to the Windy City this week-end, there should be rumors of a swell orchestra in the air . . . Well, BENNY?? “Good morning, Mary Jane.” “Good morning, Joe. “Whatcha doing Saturday night.” “Gotta date.” “What about the next Saturday?” “Gotta date.” \ “And the Saturday after that?” “Gotta date.” “My God, don’t you ever take a bath.” Extents to which some of these eds will go to put the pieces back together again is inexplicable . . . JOHNNY LAYSON ... the man who got his southei’n accent from a Dixie Cup . . . decided some time ago to turn off the heat he had been applying to a certain BARBARA FLEMING . . . lately, it seems that he has apparently changed his mind because a florist delivered exactly two dozen roses to the Kappa house ... all directed to MISS FLEMING and accompanied by JOHNNY’S signature . . , they say the way to a woman’s heart is flowers and an eight cylinder car! These boys that give fraternity pins along with rings . . . each one to a different girl . . . we must say that LANS HINRICI^S is playing the cards of lady-luck ... he has his Phi Kappa Tau pin out on a girl at Wisconsin U. . . . he’s slinging a line to a special Purdue co-ed and as rumors go, LANS is planning to buy another fraternity pin . . . could it be that he wants to put out a second pin ? ? Here’s another girl out of circulation for awhile ... at least two weeks . . . not because she has tak-
r'
(pi'
0
n'H i/ u
\\ ii ! lit
;Copr. 1939 by United Feature S>ndicate, Inf
‘Mr. Fizzbee has such a lovely temperature today, we’re testing all the thermometers on him!”
en a pin or anything like that . . . Guess MARGE BAUMGARDT has pulled a fast one over the Pi Phi actives . . .just at the time when Hell Week was going strong, then MARGE turns up with appendicitis. Lucky for her in the respect of turning from a pledge worm to a lovely invalid . . . just waiting to be sent roses!
Prof. T. E. Hienton.. ... of the agricultuial engineeringstaff, left yesterday morning for Hainsburg, 111., where he will be married today to Miss Louise Joynei. Miss Joyner is a graduate of the University of Illinois.
New laughs, excitement Andy Hardy and the grand est of All-American families Out West. . . it's their
uftt/i the i»rs
Mickey Rooney LEWIS STONE CECILIA PARKER
TODAY-MONDAY LumA
VHE GMEMTEST EUM FEUD MBi HiSTOMFI
You can’t
.butter, ton^o beaK^
Edgar BERGEII-UN<ailTIIT STARTS TODAY UinMgTU
D’ARTAGNAN RIDBS AND F16HTS
AND LOVBS AGAIN ^ but THBflITies APE
ON THE MAKE •
rjj
^0^
ol
W
JosW
kgiARS STARK TODAY
^ iUpH HiWTmnr-
■ff
Sunday/ March 19, 1939
Five Boilermaker Wrestlers Place In AAU Matches One Boilermaker wrestler took a first place in his wrestling weight at Indianapolis at the KentuckyIndiana AAU matches yesterday, three Boilermakers took second positions, and one took third place to give the Gold and Black five places in the meet. Fredericks was the lone first place winner on Coach Reeck’s team. Roche, 134 pounds, Rossi, heavyweight, and Anderson, 123 pounds, each finished second in their respective weights. Aronson, 191 pounds, was third in his weight. In the 123 pound class, the only two in that weight which Reeck took to Indianapolis with him yesterday, took the first two places, Fredericks was first and his teammate Anderson, was second. The Gold and Black team, composed mostly of new men, in grabbing five places in the tournament made their mark in a field in which 100 wrestleis competed. University Granted $175,000 Golf Course University officials received a dispatch from Washington yesterday which announced presidential approval of a WPA allotment of $175,395 for the construction of a University golf course. The University will add to this fund to construct an eighteen hole course west of Ross-Ade Stadium. The course will be laid out around the Federal Housing Project and will total approximately 6,500 yards. Work on the project will begin in the next few weeks, accoi’ding to a statement from Noble Kizer. Athletic Director. Freshman Fencing Will Start Tuesday Freshman fencing tourney sponsoi’ed by Silver Mask, fencing honorary, will begin Tuesday.* The preliminary round of the tourney will be held in the form of a round robin. Five men will fence in each round. Top two men of each round will proceed to the finals. The finals will be run off in the same method. The top ten men will receive freshmen numerals. Silver Mask will present honorary keys to the top three men.
More than 46,000 of New York University’s 200,000 alumni live in New York City.
Harvard University students are approximately two inches taller ) than the average undergraduate at mid-western universities.
HAYS JEWELRY CO. EAST SIBE OF SQUARE FIIVE JEWELRY AT MOBERATE PRICES
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
Putting Prelims For Carnival To Start Tomorrow Preliminaries for the golf putting event to be held at the Athletic Carnival Thursday will be run off this Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday between 4 and 6 p. m. at the driving range in the Fieldhouse basenient. All-campus finalists will be determined on the basis of the number of strokes necessary to sink 25 putts. The eight lowest scoring golfers will compete in the finals. Bucs Meet Bruins As Spring Tour Begins Meeting the Chicago Cubs yesterday and today at Los Angeles on their spring training toui, the Pittsburgh Piiates continue their training trip through the west and the south in preparation for their final exhibition game with Purdde here on April 15. The major league battlers promise to be in perfect shape for the battle with the Boilermaker squad when they return from the 8,000 mile journey. The Pirate roster includes many veterans including Heinie Manush, Mace Brown, Arky Vaughan, Gus Suhr, Pep Young, and the Waner brothers. Pittsburgh’s ball club representatives are considered one of the speediest aggregations on the big league diamonds today. ' Pirate Newcomers In past seasons, the Pirates have come up with numerous flashy rookies. Going back to 1937, they uncovered Lee Handley, Russ Bauers, and Joe Bowman. Last year, they came up with home-run hitter Johnny Rizzo, freshman catching star, and pitcher Bob Klinger. With a plentiful supply of rookies to choose from, the Bucs might continue their precedent by finding a new performer from among Ray Mueller, Fern Bell, Jack Juelich or George .Susce, their 1939 tryouts. Pie Traynor, Pittsburgh manager has kept the Pirates above the .500 record since he took command in 1934. He has kept his squad in the first division during that time and led the Pirates to a second place berth in 1937. Cue Artists Will Vie For Honors Monday Closing games for this year’s billiards championship and the Charles C. Peterson Gold Medal will be played Monday, March 20, at 7 p.m. in the billiard room. Games to be played are P. H. Weisman vs. E. M. Golonka, and Weisman vs. R. E. Vanderbilt.
Gutting Wins Low Hurdles At Butler Although Michigan’s great team walked off with the 1939 Butler Relays, Purdue’s track squad managed to capture a rst place due to the efforts of Steve Gutting, who won 'first place in the 60 yard low hurdles in a photo finish. The finish was so close that spectators were guessing the winner, because Gutting, Kelly, of Michigan; Marshall, of Butler; and Smith, of Wisconsin all finished nose for nose. The winning time turned in by Gutting was 6.8, just one-tenth of a second short of the world’s rebord for the event. In the two mile relay, the principal event of the meet, the host squad, Butler, managed to win. The University of Kansas finished second and Miami third. Eight Military Teams Enter Cage Playoffs Eight basketball teams which have survived the military freshman tournament in which 32 batteiies were oiiginally entered will begin playoffs at the Fieldhouse tomorrow evening-. Of the teams in the playoff six have won all four preliminary contests. These include batteries C4, D2, H3, S3, A3, and B4. The other two, A1 and H4 each have won three games out of four, along with four other batteries, but these two survived a play off of the teams tied at three victories and a single loss. Medals and merits will be awarded winners and runners-up as in the
past.
Phi Della Kappa, Education
’jiuuaX
QhoicsL By Bruce Witwer
Spring football prac^ce is serving notice of a team which will be able to cope with next fall’s suicide schedule . . . pro footballers Cecil Isbel and Clem Woltman, who are back to the old school grind this semester, are giving the boys some of the pointers they picked up in the hard, cruel world. —^fc— This week-end’s cool weather sent the baseball and grid teams inside the Fieldhouse for their practice, much to the disgust of the trackmen . . . stray footballs and baseballs flying through the air aren’t conducive to any super-speed . . . nature does wonders in adverse environments though; now the lads can duck such above mentioned sport’s projectiles and never miss a stride. —fc— “Hell Week,” the nemesis of all pledges and of freshman track coach Wilkening, too . . . threequarters of his yearling charges are going through that fateful transition era and come out to work out looking as if they had one foot in the grave and the only reason they didn’t have both feet in was because it required too much energy. —^fc— The frosh trackmen have won all of their telegraphic meets this year, the first time that has happened according to our records . . . Wilkening has doubts for the future though because of the present condition of his collection of “lowly worms” as it is so aptly put.
Frafernify, Installs local J4im and J4»r
Actor Fred Stone is touring Florida with a play whose cast is made up of Rollins College students.
Chapter For School Men • Members of Alpha Mu chapter of Phi Delta Kappa, professional education fraternity, were installed at a meeting in the reception room of the Union Friday night. The 42 charter members include school men of the Lafayette district. Phi Delta Kappa was founded at Indiana University in 1906. The organization is dedicated to the scientific study of education and to the ideas of research, service, and leadership. The Alpha Mu chapter will be designated as a field chapter or an alumni chapter. Intramural Schedule
BASKETBALL—TOMORROW Court 1—Aronson 7 00—A1 vs H4 7 -15—Ward 11 or lOX vs. Ward 13. 8-26—Ward 2B or 4X vs Ward 12 or Caiy Hall 10 Court 2—Witsman 7 00—C4 vs. D2. 7 17 -Phi Delta Theta vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon Court 3—Rechenbach 7 00- H3 vs S3 7 15—A3 vs B4
TOMORROW—RIFLE 1 15— Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Sigma Chi 4 4 5—Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Sigma Pi.
VOLLEYBALL Phi Kappa, Phi Delta Theta, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Phi Gamma Delta, Lambda Chi Alpha, Sigma Alpha Mu, Tail Epsilon Phi, Theta Xi, Triangle, Pi Kappa Alpha, Delta Chi, Sigma Pi, Sigma Nu, Alpha Tau Omega, Kappa Delta Rho
By Georgann Schilling
Spring Garden Supplies Try our pure lawn seed, free from chaff and weeds. Armour's ferfilizer: 100 lb. bags ^3.00 501b. bags $1.75 25 lb. bags $1.15
We have a complete line of gardening supplies. MOORE & KEMPLE North Side Square Phone 2577
Relay Teams To Compete At Intramural Carnival One of the many features of the Athletip Carnival Thursday night will be the fraternity and ward relay races. The way the races are arranged at present, according to Chief Clevett, there will be eight heats with four fraternities in each heat. The winners of the first four heats and the winners of the second four heats will then compete with the winners in the second round heats meeting in the final round for the championship.,. Ward relays will be run in the same way.
Cary Hall will have a separate Swimming Pool Operators To Discuss Maintenance And Operations Of Pool
’Tis too bad that Purdue is not a “joe” school so that struggling columnists could have some subjects upon which to dissertate. It would even be nice to have a liberal arts academy so that the poor eds would not have to go about in such boiler-maker-like attire. But since we’re only slaves to agriculture, technology, and science, we are just going to ad lib some more. —H-H— By the papers we see where students at the University of Kentucky are very happy over the prospects of having Hal Lieber and his Indiana University band play for their Junior Prom. The Southern belles like music a la Lieber. And most of the Sophomore Cotillion goers liked Happy Felton, his rhythm, and his entertainers. Didn’t you think the group singing was such fun? —H-H— Weary Prom committee members handed out the last permits yesterday afternoon from their stall in the Union lobby. But it is tomorrow morning when the rat race really begins. What a line! About all that is left now in the social line before Spring Vacation is the Union Penguin Dance next Friday night, one more mixer on Saturday night, and the much talked of Gold Peppers co-ed bid affair the night before vacation begins. —H-H— Most gals seem pretty glad that Hedy Lamarr up and got mai'ried. It wa^ getting so that all men could talk of was Hedy’s eyes, her hair, and her skin. After all, she’s only a woman; and the woidd is just full of gilds as pretty and smart, too? The point is, which is more important; looks or brains? We, of the ugly school, think a high IQ is by far more necessary to a full and happy life. But all the guys can see IS Hedy! Research... . . . projects conducted by the Engineering Experiment Station were inspected this week by F. R. Hokman, general manager, structural and industrial division of Owens Illinois Glass Company, and Mr. John Ferguson, formerly of the physics department of the University. Prof. W. T. Miller, T. K. Sandein, and Merle M. McClun have started a new project in this field, the study of the effect of weathering on glass block walls.
Over 100 persons are expected to attend the conference on operations and maintenance of swimming pools Wednesday at the Fieldhouse. Under the direction of the physical education department and the school of civil engineering, with the Bureau of Sanitary Engineering of the Indiana State Board of Health cooperating, a full program has been planned. Following reg'istration, at 8:30 a. m. m the lobby of the Fieldhouse, W. E. Howland, Professor of Sanitary Engineering, will preside at the opening session, which will include discussions of the following topics: State Regulations for Operation and Maintenance of Swimming Pools; Problems of Operations and Maintenance; Special Pioblems Confi'onting Private, Public, YMCA, and College Pools; and Athlete’s Foot. Special topics for discussion at the afternoon session will include: The Swimming Pool Sanitation; Water Testing, Why and How; Swimming Campaigns and Entertainment Features; Publicity; and a panel discussion. Salisbury House Wins Scholarship Trophy With rankings of 4.41 and 4.00, the Salisbury and Ann Tweedale Houses won the two silver scholarship cups offered to the Men and Women’s Co-operative Houses having the highest scholastic average for the first semester, according to figures released yesterday. The cups, offered by Rev. and Mrs. W. A. McFadden each semester to the house having the highest rating for the previous semester, will be awarded to the two winning houses in the near future. Second among the men’s group was the Westminister House with 4.25, while Twin Pines was second among the thi-ee women’s houses with 3.71. The other houses stand as follows: Chauncey, 4.17; Marwood, 4.00; Luma, 3.99; Rochdale, 3.91; Kagawa, 3.86; Wesley Boys, 3.74; and Brockway, 3.64.
race for their relay teams provided eight teams enter the competition. i Between the first and second rounds and the second and third rounds the co-ed walking race and the interfraternity walking race will be held.
Eighteenth Carnival
The Athletic Carnival has been held annually since 1921 with the exception of last year when funds were unavailable to carry out the program. The carnival will differ quite a bit from previous years at which times it was held in the Me- i
morial Gymnasium.
The tug-of war will have two separate events, one for fraternities, and one for wards. There will be five men on each team; no spikes can be worn. Only street or rubbersoled shoes will be allowed. To win, a team must pull its opponent a distance of 10 feet. 'The tug-of-war will be run in elimination style with the winning teams having to pull at least four times during the course of the evening. A rope will be kept at the check-out service window for anyone desiring to practice.
Awards
Approximately 100 medals will be given at the Carnival, most of them representing second and third place winners. Where large trophies ai’e given, no medals will be awarded. Some of the awards to be given ai’e: boxing, a figure to the winner in each weight; wrestling, a cup to the winner in each weight; a running figure to the winners in each of the one mile run and the 440 yard dash and medals to second and third place winners; a trophy to the winneis in each event in the Silver Derby and clown stunts; a trophy to each winner m the golf putting, football pass, and the power pull. All money taken in on the attendance will go to purchase of tro-
phies.
Physicists Meet Here Members of the physics departments of Indiana, Notre Dame, Illinois, and Purdue attended a meeting in the Physics Building yesterday afternoon. Pi of. R. H. Fowler of Cambiidge Univeisity spoke on “The Statistical Theory of Properties of Ideal Rubbei.” “The Dispersion Formula for Nuclear Reactions” was the subject of the talk by Prof. E. J. Konopinski of Indiana Univeisity. The afteiiioon piogTam was followed by a dinner in the Union in honor of the visiting physicists. \
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Gopr. 1S39 br United I^Ciue '^dloata, Ino.
‘Butch Jones is a holdout this year—since he moved outa the neighborhood he won’t sing a contract to play ball unless we pay his carfare over!”ill
3[DcaL (Ml.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
^nticoA.
Simday/ Marcl/ 19, 1939
Bette Wasson, HE '33, Will Speak At Special Convo Wednesday Bette Wason, H.E. ’33, will speak on her experiences during the recent turmoil in Europe in a special convocation Wednesday at 8 p. m., in Eh?:a Fowlci Hall. Miss Wason, who has been working as a journalist in New York mo^t of the time since her graduation. %tas the only woman present in llie conference in which Czechoslovakia was subdivided. She spent August, Septombei, and October in central Europe leviewing the events V Inch were so widely publicized in Ameiican newspapei s. All passpoits and convo season tickets will be honored. Tea Dance Features 'Song Of The Week' Feature of the fifth Union-spon-sored tea dance, Thursday afternoon March 23 fiom 4 to 6 in the ballroom, will be the playing of the five present favorite songs of the campus. The five songs will be selected from the “Song of the Week” voting which will be held in front of the sweet shop from 3:30 to 5 p. in. tomorrow and Tuesday. Dance is free with no limit being placed upon the number of stags attending. Cutting will, however, be limited to between dances. Tea dances are becoming incieasingly popular and a large crowd is expected by Vince Hruby, vice-presi-dent in charge. Most popular of the five songs chosen by student votes, will be featured at next Saturday’s “Swing Show.” Bill Martin and his orchestra will do the musical honoi s and introduce several new campus ar-
tists.
—m the Browsing Room ALL THIS, AND HEAVEN TOO by Rachel Field On a sultiy day_^m late August, 1847, France was set into a state of turmoil by the muider of the Duchesse de Piaslin. Caught in the web of scandal which arose fiom the tragedy was Henriette DeluzyDe.sportes, a governess in the illfated household. Of her puzzling 1 elationships with the Due we can leain little in truth. Of her devotion to hei charges we are assured. Unwittingly Henriette became involved as the centei of a famous Clime; but with hei rare fortitude she faced a hostile country to prove her innocence. Refusing a lawyer she plead hei case before the Chancellor of France and, is consequence, aided in upsetting a throne. Life in America Although acquitted, life was difficult in France for the much publicized Mademoiselle D. So she fled to a new woild and a new life in New England and later in old New York. Here developed the most charming pait of her life—^life among friends and in happy mariiage. In New England her foreign manners and unconventionality caused endless upsets; in Gramercy Park she became the source of endless delight to a host of famous friends. Giounded in lives of actual persons and situations, a carefully entwined period piece becomes as engrossing as a pure novel. Heie a modern woman places herself into the very being of another whose fascination has long uiged her to “set down what may have happened.” Rachel Field brings actuality to a story of half a century ago through Henriette, the Praslins, Henry Field, Grameicy Park, and Pans. The background, both French and American, is warm and convincing. The chaiacteis aie wholly real and satisfying. Here truth much stranger than fiction unravels a story combining imagination, actual history, emotions, and humors^—particles of our everyday life.
Miss Clark...
Collegiate-
from
Coast-To-CoasI' By Georgia Carroll Here’s a new idea, quite apropos, for the endurers of Hell Week. Alpha Tau Omega pledges at the University of Missouri, instead of protesting their pledge duties, marched down to the city’s jail, asked (and received) lodging for the night. The jailer claimed no slur on their valor when he quartered them in the little used women’s section of the jail.
“Pep pills retard the speed of learning,” states William L. Minkowsky, graduate psychologist at Minnesota. His conclusion was made after performing a series of experiments on white rats. The rats that were fed on pep pills required more time to find their way through a maize than did the rats having a diet free from the benzedine sulfate stimulant.
Ohio State’s Rupert Koeninger, instructor in sociology, has a true sense of humor. He opened a recent class hour with this announcement: “Because of a red-headed gill who is visiting me right now, there will be no test today.” “How much does she weigh,” a student asked. Koeninger nervously wiote on the blackboard, “Six and a half plus two ounces.” —C— Erected on a foundation of sandwiches. This IS the unusual distinction of Scott Hall, the $750,000 social center and community auditolium to be erected on Northwestern campus as a tribute to President Walter Dill Scott, who will retire next fall. Sandwich sales in 1911 began the fund of $200,000 which was recently turned over for the hall’s constiuction by the Woman’s Building Association of the university. Foresters To Meet Friday At Banquet The tenth annual Forestry Club banquet will be held Friday, March 24, at 6 p. m. at the Central Pres--byteiian Chinch. Dr. C. F. Korstian dean of the Duke University forestry school and piesident of the Society of American Foresters, will speak on “Present and Future Trends in the Forestry Profession.” Indiana Conservation Department and local conservation club members have been sent invitations. The tickets for the banquet have been placed with all forestry club members. During the meeting- of the first semester forestry club award, presented to the outstanding senior member will be made.
Rusk, New Illinois Dean Prof. Henry Rusk, formerly connected with the Agricultural Experiment Station here, has been appointed dean of the University of Illinois college of agriculture, fiis appointment becoming effective on next September. He will succeed J. C. Blair, who is retiring. Rusk was at Purdue in 1909-10, before he became a member of the University of Illinois animal husbandry staff.
WBAA
'•THE VOICE OF PURDUE"
-Tomorrow-
\
... of the home economics department, talked to the Parent Teachers Association of Huntington Wednesday on “Consumer Education.”
the Purdue Exponent
Service
Directory
• Bookstores
• jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for « College Education H. G. RESSNER
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it woN. Opposite Poet Offioe Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
• Professional
• Printing
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965 '
r|RINTING Office SUdonety . . D 1 bedding Invitations ■ Sales Books, Etc. PHONI , 262$ CASSEL’S 408rERRy
• Locksmith
• Shoe Repair
CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATI SHARPININO Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARISITY BOOT SHOP
Lafayette YMCA Sends Invitation To Pershing General John J. Pershing, commander of the AEF, has been invited to be the principal speaker and guest of honor when the Lafayette YMCA observes its fiftieth anniversary the week of May 7 to 16. The letter of invitation was sent Friday by Colonel George F. Byers, field artillery resei've officer and the president of the YMCA. In the event that General Pershing accepts the invitation, it is planned to have a joint dinner at which the YMCA, the American Legion, and Purdue would honor the guest.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held Tuesday, March 21, at 7 :30 p. m. in room C of the Union. —MACK. Mortar Board: Compulsory meeting Tuesday, March 21, at B p. m. in the WSGA office. Dinner meeting Friday, March 24, at 5:30 p. m. —WOOD. Co-ed Exponent Staff: Meeting of all members of the staff at 4 o’clock Monday, March 24, in room E of the Union. Work must be done on the special edition. —McKEE.
Outin'g Club: Breakfast hike to the WAA cabin will be Sunday, March 26. Meet in front of WRH South. All those wishing to go call Mona Balcom, 2430, before Saturday, March 25. —BALCOM.
Forestry Club: Important meeting Tuesday, March 21, at 7:30 in the Horticultural Building. Foresters Ball committee will be elected. Officers for the coming year will also be elected anff the senior award will be made. Meeting will be short. —GLAZEBROOK.
Gimlet: Important business meeting, Wednesday, March 22, at 6:46 p. m. at Kappa Sigma house. Selection of pledges. All membeis are uiged to attend. —SWAN.
Freshmen Engineers: Civil engineering camp announcement bulletins for 1939 may be obtained in room 102 of the Civil Engineering Building. (3-24) —LOMMEL.
PIA Social'Dance Club: Will meet at 8 :30 p. m Monday, March 20, in the Women’s Gym. —KNIGHT.
Reamer Club: Members and pledges meeting Monday, March 20, at 8 p. m. in room F of the Union. —JACKS.
Freshmen Exponent Workers: The following editorial staff will work for these days: Monday, O’Connell, Etter, Robinson, Pickett; Tuesday, Mueller, Fletcher, Kennedy, Rohwer, Sears, Ochiltree; Wednesday, daggers, Jarrett, Shallerup, Sidwell, Schlossberg; Thursday, Parks, Hays, Elvis, Hupp, Ruffner; Friday, Payne, Kung, Taugott, Anderson, Powers; Saturday, Heaton, Mothmann, Kepner, Smith. See notice on bulletin board. —HARDIN.
11:00—Prof. Robert Phillips^ American Institutions. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—^Time Signals. 12:00—Agricultural Forum. 12:15—Spoi'ts Review, Dick Shively 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Songs and Melodies. 1:00—^Town Crier. 1:15—Monitor Views the News. 1:30—Story Time. 1:45—Mai’ket Reports. 2:00—Magic Carpet. 2:15—Pat Wolcott, soprano. 2:30—Foods, Facts, Fancies. 2:45—Mrs. Maurine Martin, viol-
inist.
3:00—Concert Review. 4:00—The Warren Family. 4:15—Campus Personalities. 4:30—Margaret Canine, soprano. 4:45—Stoi'y Book Hour.
^CidhiM to the Editor
Open Letter to Junior Prom Committee To The Editor: I suppose it is impossible to please every person concerned in any laige enterprize, but I certainly do hope that this yeai’s Prom will be the best in Pui due’s history. This campus is veiy piogiessive in its interest and appreciation on new and modem technical facts; howevei, it has been vei y slow in its inteiest and appieciation of modem ait, cultuie, and music. While olhei factois aie impoitant, I believe a successful Piom depends upon having a good name band. A gieat number of the students dislike new, modem and youthful music. Why? The only legitimate leason that I hear is that it is always too fast. It doesn’t have to be fast. Musicians will tell us that Swing is as much a style as it is a tempo. Why not have a modem dance oichestra that Swings and yet that can fllay sweet, too! D. L. Fitting, Sc. ’40.
Geology 5: The examination for removal of conditions in Geology 5 will be given Saturday, March 25, from 1-4 p. m. in room 207, Heavilon Hall. All those who plan to take the examination see me before Wednesday, March 22. —SERVISS.
Conditions in CE 21: The examination for removal of C grade in CE 21 will be given in room 301, Civil Engineering Building, from 1 to 4 p. m. Saturday, March 26. Please consult me at once. (3-22) —SONESON.
WAA Class Basketball: Practice will be held Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, Maich 20, 21, 22. Two out of three practices are required. —REIMAN.
CE 59 Conditions: Examination for the removal of “C” grades will be given Saturday, April 15, at 1 p. m. in room 201 of the CE Building. (3-24) —WILEY.
Basketball Play Day: All girls interested in trying out for the team report to the Women’s Gym Monday, March 20, at 5 o’clock. —REIMAN.
Junior Chemical Engineers: Inspection trip assessments are due. Pay in room 107 of Heavilon Hall before March 21. Those applying for excuses should do so at once. r —LOVELL.
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
IF YOU WANT delicious home-cooked
mcalb, eat at Townsend’s,. 648 Mam Street
Notices
PIA Social Dance Class: Meetings to be continued Monday, Maich 20, at 7 p m , in the Women’s Gym. ’ KNIGHT
Exponent Editorial Staff: Schedules for staffs for the special edition are posted on the bulletin boaid. Monday night, co-night cditois, Massey and DeHoog : workers, Leber, Howard, and Taylor Workers regularly scheduled report as usual. HOUSTON.
Scrivener: Meeting Sunday, Maich 19, at 8 p m in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union, Guests are coming Bring manuscripts. —JUSTIN. Reamer Pledges: No sing Monday moi ning. Repoit to meeting Monday night at 8 sharp. Penalties foi lateness —BACHARACH.
WAA Deck-Tennis, Tournament: Last chance to play off tournament Monday, Feb ruary 20, at 4 o’clock. Games not played by then must be foi felted Following games to be played are: Schilling and Wiley vs. Wirt and Wirt; Laswell and Thompson vs Clymer and Mather , Haller and Stephenson vs. Johnson and Morns ; Walker and Swift vs Ade and Poehlman ; Diehl and Oveiton vs. Hines and Fishieigh. —WALKER.
Mikado Sales Staff: All ticket committee heads phase turn in lepoil of tickets sold to Playshop oflici bv 6 p m Monday Maich 20. —YEOMAN
Seniors!
Send us Your Cords. Let the AMERICAN clean and tint ’em for Spring wear — 60c. Eustcr nearly here TOO! Avoid the Rush by sending us your Easter-cleaning Now! You’ll like our work! PIpiK American! 3085 Dependable Dry Cleaners
Freshman Engineering Students: Civil Engineering Camp announcement bulletins lui 19,19 may be obtained in room 102, Civil Engineering Building. (3-25) LOMMEL
Fifty-four per cent of Drake University’s students enrolled because the Des Moines institution has “an outstanding college of commerce.”
It’s Up to YOU, Mr. Merchant;
The Purdue students always have and always will represent a high buying class in Lafayette and West Lafayette. You can get your share of their money by reaching them thru the advertising space of . . . THE Purdue Exponent Business Phone — 5038