Sfl
Purdue
Z-185
Exponent
SUNDAY
AprU 16,1939
Lafayette, bidiona
Vol. 50
No. 158
News tS'e Week
• Hitler stops FDR's proposal for 10-year peace pact between powers. • Great Britain and France pledge to Support Rumania and Greece, o Lindbergh returns to U. S. to tell House commiMee of foreign affairs, o Airways establish new all-time record for winter safety. • Big league baseball starts 1939 season with eight games tomorrow. WASHINGTON Peace For 10 Years ... ... was FDR’s drealn yesterday when he appealed to Dictators Hitler ahd Mussolini for a long term guarantee against attack or invasion of European countries. Following up this bold stroke, Roosevelt suggested a world conference designed to use this ten year time-out to heal up the festering sores which now threaten to breed world wide war. Aiming directly at Germany and Italy, Roosevelt asked, “Are you willing to give assurance that your armed forces will not attack or invade the territory or possessions of the following independent nations ?” ’Every European nation^was listed.
Bulletin !
Hitler last night announced that he refused completely to consider President Roosevelt’s 10-year peace plan, which would allow no aggressive warfare during the proposed time. This refusal was taken to mean that Germany plans to acquire more territories and possibly even to engage in general warfare with other European powers. No further information was received in the short bulletin that was immediately broadcast to the
entire world.
German newspapers promptly countered, calling FDR “meddler,” “hypocrite,” “idiot.” France and several smaller countries, on the other hand, voiced immediate approval to the “Roosevelt recess” and stood ready to agree to its conditions. England, through Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain also seconded the motion. After the smoke had cleared, informed persons had little hope that Hitler or Mussolini would agree to the proposal, but expressed the belief that general tenseness might be
relieved.
Usually Apathetic ... . . . toward the press, FDR exemplified the recent trend in nationar opinion when he said of an editorial in the, Washington Post, “I tumbled out of bed when I saw it.” According to the President, the article expressed the thought behind his statement to the Warm Springs’ populace, “Pll be back in the fall, if we don’t have a war.” The editorial touched on the wide spread implications of a war-torn future and stated that though the United States’ envelopment in any coming war is virtually certain, some still are trying to insure neutrality and isolation by rushed legislation or other written measures. These were parts of the editorial endorsed by the President according to the beliefs of Washington newspapermen. Meanwhile, senatoiual opinion violently opposed FDR’s stand and labeled his remarks as “inflamma(Continued on page 2)
Dr. Hickman To Speak Before Joint PurdueIndianaAChS Meeting Indiana and Purdue sections of the American Chemical Society will meet here Saturday, April 22.' The chief speaker will be Dr. K. Hickman, of the Eastman Kodak Company, who will address the chemists bn “The High Vacuum Distillation
of Natural Oils.”
Plans have been m^de for a complete afternoon program of entertainment to follow the dinner meeting. Visiting chemists will inspect the University campus and laboratories, play golf, attend the Purdue Chicago baseball game. Prof. R. N. Shreve, of the University school of chemical engineering will discuss “Gpms” in a separate meeting for the women at the same time that Dr. Hickman is giving his technical address. Professor Shreve will illustrate his talk with gems from his collection of natural and synthetic stones. According To... ... an announcement made last night by the Military Department, Life magazim , will send stalf cameramen to tire University campus Thursday ar.d Friday, April 20 and 21. The Idler did not state what pictures the magazine wanted.
JoeCappoTo Play For Gingham Gallop Mortar Board Dance Joe Cappo and his 11-piece orchestra has been signed to play for the annual Gingham Gallop Friday night, April 28, in the Union ballroomi. Mortar Board, senior women’s scholastic and activities honorary, will sponsor this dance which is the last co-ed bid affair of the year. Tickets will go on sale next week at all sororities, Deac’s, and the Union. The dance committee includes Mary Alice Learning, chairman; Georgianna Pittman, ticket sales; Mary Cooley and Sally McKee, publicity and orchestra. Alpha Zeta Sponsors Open Forum Tuesday Alpha Zeta, agriculture honorary, will sponsor an open forum on the opportunities for agricultural graduates in industry, teaching, extension work, and farming in the reception room of the Union Tuesday evening at 7:30. Paul G. Riley, hatchery operator and district supervisor of Allied Mills, T. A. Coleman, county agent leader and assistant director of agricultural extension, and Palmer R. Edgerton, farm manager and agricultural member of the board of trustees will lead the discussion. Alpha Zeta is sponsoring this employment forum for the agricultural students in order that they may become better acquainted with the various positions open to graduates and how they may make the proper contacts. Following 20 minute talks by Riley, Coleman, and Edgerton, recognized leaders in their fields, the meeting will be thrown open and questions from the floor will be in order.
Dr. Straus Will Speak In Last Marital Lecture Dr. Elizabeth Straus, Chicago woman physician, will close the current marital lecture series Tuesday afternoon at 4 o’clock speaking in the Electrical Engineering lecture room on “Marriage as Seen by a Woman Physician.” It will be Dr. Straus’ sixth visit to the campus as a marital lecturer. In previous years Dr. Straus has proven a favorite among the lecture attenders. She is weH qualified as a marital lecturer, being married and having three children. Ruth Waffleworlh To Head YWCA Geneva Committee Ruth Wattleworth, a sophomore home economics student, has been appointed Geneva chairman of the YWCA according to an announcement by Catherine Cooley, new YW' president. The Geneva committee will make arrangements for co-eds to attend the YWCA summer con-, ference camp at Lake Geneva, Wis., This conference, lasting a week, will be held the latter part of June and is open to any co-eds who wish to attend. Music Room Presents Lark-Horovifz Trio Music written for the violin, viola, and piano will be presented in the Union music room this afternoon at 4 o’clock by the Lark-Horo-vitz string trio. Mrs. Harletta Sasser, Grand Rapids, Mich.; Miss Thelma Thrasher, Lafayette ;and Dr. Lark-Horovitz compose the trio. The program will include selections from Leclair, Mozart, and Brahms. .,
Bryan Will Show Movies Of Germany At Convo
An uncenSored picture of Nazi Germany will be presented in Memorial Gymnasium on Wednesday evening at 8 o’clock. The candid movie shots which were made by Julien Bryan, ace cameraman, were brought out of Germany undeveloped. All student passports and all season tickets will be honored at the door. Single admissions may be obtained at the door at 50 cents each. With these pictures Bryan has been able to capture the spirit and feelings of some of the people involved in Europe’s political and social picture. Particularly timely are the shots of Hitler’s exhibitions of
military strength. Bryan, who has been recording pictures of social ‘ahd historical interest since his graduation from Harvard, will spice the unreeling of the pictures with comments with the full flavor of his vast experiences. He has traveled continually through the countries of Europe and the Orient following the whims of war and social unrest. From his travels and experiences in Nazi Germany, Bryan has naturally formed strong opinions and, from the comment on his tour with Burton Holmes in 1937, he doesn’t hesitate to express them. ^
Pirate-Boilermaker Game Rained Out By Rolfe Jenkins Weeks of planning and expectation were washed away in an pincessant downpour which had begun early in the week and con- J* tinned at intervals until the final deluge Friday night and Saturday morning.
Ticket Money Refunded Persons who purchased tickets for the Purdne-Pittsbnrgh baseball game which was called off yesterday wiU be refunded their money by returning the tickets to the ticket window in the Fieldhouse which will be open at 1 o’clock tomorrow afternoon for that purpose.
Wesley Presents
This Afternoon “Musical Vespers,” a program of selected organ, vocal, and violin numbers, will be presented this evening in the West Lafayette Methodist Church by W. D. McEachron. Miss Katherine Shearer will sing and Miss Phyllis Baker will play the violin. ‘ , The program, beginning at 7:30, will be as follows: Melody West Minuet Mozart Organ From the Land of the Sky Blue Water ....?; Cadman Vocal Angelas Massinet Organ Air For G String Bach Violin In a Monastery Garden .... Ketelby Organ A Bowl of Roses Clark Voice Prelude in C Bach Song of India Karsakoff Organ Pi Beta Phi... . . . announces the initiation of the following girls on Friday, April 14: Dorothy Smiley, Kansas City, Kan.; Mary Jane West, Cincinnati, 0.; Mollie Harding, Morris, 111.; Ruth Powell, Valparaiso; Reva Richmond, LaGrange, 111.; and Eileen Westover, Indianapolis. Dr. Eiizabeth Strauss... ... who is on the campus to assist in the Social Hygiene unit of the Personal Living Course given to freshmen women, will be available at the Memorial Gymnasium for conferences with both freshmen and upperclassmen, either individually or in small groups, all day Wednesday and Thursday afternoon until 4 o’clock.
A dampened crew of Pirates crossed the river and made its way to the Fieldhouse as guests of the members of the athletic department of the University. During their visit the Pittsburgh players were shown through the building. They took a glance from afar at the base,ball diamond, a white sheet of tarpaulin submerged beneath the residue of the rain, and at the Stadium up the water-soaked hill. It was an anti-climax. Anticipation of hundreds of students and fans from the middle-west took a dive into the watery diamond, the Pirates left the north end of the campus, and the rain kept falling, brutally unyielding, as the entire body of promoters finally gave up and conceded the game to the watery clouds. Squad Leaves Pie Traynor’s squad left on the 12:20 train for Cincinnati, where the Pirates open the season Monday against the Cincinnati Reds. The rain spoiled an attempt to bring a major league baseball team to the University diamond as a climax of “Baseball Week” on the camipus in honor of the 100th anniversary of the game, and at the same time postponed until next Friday the opportunity for the students to see the 1939 Boilemakers in action on the home field. Reward Offered For Lost Caricatures ■■I- ■ By Roving Reporter Lost—at the Penny Carnival on Friday night—Doc Miller^ Prexy Elliott, Dean Fisher, and Dean Enders, or we should say caricatures of same. Janette Morris, displaying about 20 of her “big shot” caricatures misplaced these foui’ prize pictures during the evening. For their return she is offering a choice of rewards. He who returns these pictui-es may have a reward (monetary), copies of the four if he is interested, a caricature of himself if he dares, or one of any friend ( ? ?) whom he can produce.
Undo Headsman’s Art To Win Free 'Mikado’ Tickets
Varsity Show Group To Give Tickets As Prizes For The Best Identifications By Nanki Foo Headless women! Ye gods, what’s this campus coming to? Koko, the Lord High Executioner, must be on the rampage again. Oh, shucks. It’s only pictures that have been cut up. The girls are quite unharmed. .
No. 1
No. 2
No. 3
It’s all a publicity stunt sponsored by the directors of the “Mikado” who have a couple of spare ducats they don’t know what to do with. So grab your pencils, your photo albums and your X-ray machines and see if you can’t fit this jig-saw puzzle together. Rules The rules for the contest are as follows: (1) Match the heads with the right bodies. (2) Paste the cor-' rect- combinations on a sheet of form A paper. (3) Put your name and address on the reverse side of the sheet. Now write a slogan advertising the “Mikado.” The slogans should not exceed 10 words. Example— “It’s the real Mikado.”
Then deposit your entries in the contest box in the Union. All entries must be turned in before 5 p. m. Tuesday. If you have already purchased two tickets your money will be refunded, should you win the contest. Judges for the coiitest are Professors McKee and Estey. The de^ cisions of the judges will be final. In case of a tie duplicate prizes will be awarded. Tickets Approximately 1,000 tickets have been sold to date, according to the business staff. Most reserved seats for Friday and Saturday nights have already been taken. A good number of seats remain for Thurs'day night, however.
No. 4
No, 5
No. 7£dihfdaL
JioahthoA.
THE PDBDUE EXPONENT
Sunday. April 16, 1939
'<1
1-1
I HEWS of th« WEEK
(Continued from page 1) tory.” Said Sen. W. F. George (D. Ga.), “The issue of peace or war lies right here m this chamber and in the chamber at the other end of the Capitol. It ought to be made abundantly clear that we will not carry the country into war!” Late in the week, the President extended the “Monroe Doctrine” policy to economic affairs when he promised economic support to any Pan-American nation whose freedom might be threatened by pressure from overseas. Soon After Signing . . . ... a WPA emergency prolongation bill providing for 100 million dollars to carry on the administration until June 30, President Roosevelt made known his intentions of sending a special message to Congress asking for another appropriation to finance WPA for the next fiscal year. Expected request estimates place the amount at from one billion 150 million to one billion 750 niilkon. dollars. The bill just signed, provided for 50 million dollars less than the sum the President asked for, was passed after a bitter fight in the Senate. According to FDR, the reduced sum will mean dismissal of approximately 400 thousand WPA workers. James Hamilton Lewis ... . . . Illinois’ Democratic Senator, adjourned his life session one week ago today. Staunch supporter of the administration and democratic whip of the Senate, the man known for his pink whiskers and noble verbosity was 72 years old. FOREIGN Rumania and Greece . . . . . . will receive the full military support of Great Britain and of Prance in the event of any attempt to change by force the Mediterranean area, said pledges issued by British Premier Neville Chamberlain and French Premier Eduard Daladier late this week. Premier Chamberlain, in reading the pledge before the House of Commons Thursday, said: “ ... in the event of any action being taken which clearly threatens the independence of Greece and Rumania, and which the Greek or Rumanian governments respectively consider vital to resist with their national forces, his Majesty’s government will feel themselves bound to lend at once to the Greek and Rumanian governments, as the case might be all the support in their power.” Five Days After ... . . . Italy’s invasion of the Albanian kingdom, the constituent assembly of this 10,629-square-mile Balkan country, Wednesday sent a request I that the two countries be united under the sovereignty of Italian King Victor Emanuel. The fascist grand council met Thursday to approve the “union” of the countries. France’s Premier Daladier ... . . . infoimed the press of the world’ this week that the French nation will stand together with the antidictator countiies. He said: “Prance remains m permanent contact with the governments of Great Britain, the United States, Russia, Poland, and the Balkan entente.” He also stressed the solidarity with Brittain by joining in the pledge of aid to Greece and Rumania. NATIONAL Col. Lindbergh . . . . . . came back from Europe this week with a date to appear before
TODAY - MONDAY
— WITH — GEORGE MURPHY MAR)ORIE WEAVER "ARMY GIRL" — WITH — PRESTON FOSTER MADGE EVANS AUO SCREEN SNAPSHOTS
the House foreign affairs committee and testify on neutrality matters. Accompanying him was Dr. Alexis Carrel, the scientist with whom Lindbergh worked on the mechanical heart. Representative Bloom said that Lindbergh would testify before the committee Tuesday or Wednesday. The committee is discussing change in the neutrality laws. Bloom hopes that Lindbergh will have definite recommendations for insuring the neutrality of the United States in the event of a war in Europe. John Torrio . . . . . , who did much to make prohibition inteiesting, was sentenced to two and one-half yeras in prison last week for failure to pay $86,000 worth of income taxes. Federal Judge J. W. Clancy gave his pronouncement after listening for two hours to Max D. Steuer, chief council for defense, who related a case history that sounded like a Horatio Alger success story in reverse. Chicago Police . . . • . . . were called in last week to escoit Wieboldt Department Store trucks following an outbreak of labor terrorism that resulted in the murdei of one worker and attacks on a number of others. The strife was stirred up by dispute among organizations seeking to represent truck drivers and helpers in the Wieboldt employ. Police cars were assigned to convoy each truck as it made deliveries, guards were assigned to watch the foul stores—all in an attempt to halt the reign of terror that was threatening to spread to other retail stores in the Chicago area. Indiana University . . . . . . co-eds wer^e told by Mrs. Evelyn Duvall, executive director of Chicago Association of Child Education, at the first Conference on Careeis for Women at Bloomington, that marriage can be “one of the most exciting, thrillingly creative jobs that any woman can enter.” “Marriage is not an easy job,” Mis. Duvall said, “but—marriage must be a career for both men and women if we are to achieve a real democracy.” BUSINESS War Scare . . . . . . and its resulting wave of pessimism have taken their toll this week on the business front. Recent issue of Steel, noted the quieting effect of international development on this country’s steel markets. The week’s steelmaking rate was 53.5 per cent of capacity, off 1 point. 0thei woild maikets reported similar slumps in this and other industrials. New^ All-Time Record . . . . . . for safe winter operations of the country’s airlines was reported this week in Washington by E. J. Noble, chairman of the Civil Aeronautics Authority. The record Noble said was “one that any industry, gi’owing at a rate such as that of commercial aviation, might well
LUMA
TODAY — MONDAY
IN TECHNICOLOR!
be proud of.” Noble resigned from his CAA position Wednesday. Domestic airlines flew 64,081,025 passenger miles for each passenger fatality between December 1938, and March, 1939, there being only one fatal accident in that period. Noble said the Authority would expedite a decision on an application of Pan-American Airways foT a trans-Atlantic route, and asserted that national defense was an important factor in consideration of the application. Federal Debt... . . . frowned upon in its infant stages of a few billion dollars, has now grown to $40,040,876,750 according to Treasury Department repoits this week. In the period July to April, this year the department spent $2,547,351,685 more than it collected. For the similar period last year the deficit was only $825,308,995. SPORTS “Batter Up!” ., . . . . and 16 major league contingents toe the mark tomorrow for the initial games of 1939’s season with American League’s New York Yankees and National League’s Chicago Cubs established as favorites to retain their respective circuit crowns. While the World Champion Yankees were a 2 to 5 proposition to beat out Boston Red Sox and the rest of the junior league field, the betting commissioners evidenced little pieference bewteen the‘Cubs at 2 to 1, Cincinnati Reds at ll\ to 6 and New York Giants at 12 to 5 in the National League. Odds on the Red Sox to finish on top in the American League were 3 to 1, with Detroit 4 to 1, Cleveland at 6 to 1. Little Jockey • • • | . . . Don Meade was put back in the saddle in New York state last Tuesday by the Jockey Club after being baried from riding three seasons ago for betting against his own mounts. Kentucky will probably reinstate the 25-year-old veteran in the near future in order to allow the little Californian to “leg up” on a Kentucky Derby entry on May 6. O'Shea To Indianapolis Prof. Harriet E. O’Shea, of the education depaitment, went to Indianapolis yesterday to preside at the spring meeting of the Indiana Association of Clinical Psychologists of which she is President.
ECU
Just heard the girls are planning some sort of Gingham Gallop . . . don’t boys have to run fast enough to keep up with Miss Cagey Co-ed without having to gallop? But whether yo^^ gallop or not boys, it’s your last chance to go somewhere on the gals. It’s the last bid dance of the year. Where aie those contribs for the Mars and Lafayette passes ? I have yet to see many. The Golden hours we waste in toil, Shall ne’er more return. The proper sort of midnight oil Was meant to drink . . . not burn. The whole campus is wondering why Phil Lugenbill doesn’t take his defeat on the chin and smile about the whole thing. Some say the answer IS the lU pin that Estell Dix is wearing, given by an lU medic. After all we said about those lU boys, aren’t you ashamed. And a medic at that. The prominent athlete questioned by Pa about the grades . . . Pa: Well son, how are the grades. Son: They’re under water. Pa: What the H— do you mean? Son: Below “C” level. We were soriy to have all the rain yesterday. We wanted to see what real athletes were like. Those that ai’e getting legally paid, that is. The campus wants to congratulate Miss Becky Ann Pervine, West Lafayette lassie, for snagging Milt Reeves for the Chi O dance Friday night. Radio Sale Tuesday Radio equipment will be traded or sold at the regular Radio Club meeting to be held in room 254 of the Electrical Enginering Building Tuesday, April 18 at 7:30. All radio amateurs or experimenters who* have equipment they wish to trade or sell are invited to attend the Imeeting. There will be no other form of piogram for the meeting.
Famous Stage Play NOT A PICTURE ONLY COMPANY ON TOUR ONE DAY ONLY, NEXT SATURDAY, APRIL 22 MATINEE AND NIGHT Spic o§tkzSia(fe iiiiivw^Wdl
JOHN BARTON SEATS NOW! POPULAR PRICES! Box Office Open Daily 11:00 A. M. NIGHTS: $1.65, $1.10, 83c MATINEE; $1.10, 83c, 55c (All Taxes Inc ) Phone 7903
6th YEAR on B‘WAY
1 wmmsf immm srjm ptM m thbatrical mswRY t
HOIMKIR
wM
HUMPHREY BOfiHRT • ROSEMARY LAHE
DONALOCRISP*
MARS
NOW PLAYING
GRIN AND BEAR IT
BHidrtr
l'
CoDT 1939 b> United Feature S>ndlca(e Inc
“This is the last law work you do for, me—^not only do I get nicked for alimony but the judge awards me custody of my mother-in-law!”
STARTS TODAY
PLUS—BETTY BOOP CARTOON
DRAMATIC! BEADTimi DIFFllENT! Fred and Ginger in their first dramatio romance . . . Taken from the life of the couple who started the world dancing... A love story almost too beauti* ful to have been real; too true to have existed without heartbreakl
tag a sen- / J sational ^ Cavalcade of The Dance!
'iid
MaiS
ADMISSION
Nights and Sundays
. 35e
Week Day Matinees
25c
Children
lOe
H'' ^ .
^ #/rl • /jV N I'l-' ’
' W ^ ^vj^r ‘ ^ ‘ ^ ^ ^ * ‘■'4 ^, . « * f S‘ .-»’; ’> \ Sunday, April le, 1939 ' IHE PQBDPE ^hji^f’^ . EXPONENT
■mf irjjS
“ •
‘l^'i
Fiddhouse Draws Large Crowd From Downed Ball Game By E. J. Mundorf A crowd of almost Open House size roamed the halls of the Fieldhouse yesterday afternoon inspecting and admiring the recreational center of the University. Many of the visitors -vyho had come to the campus with intentions of attending the ill-fated baseball game inspected the trophy cases, looked at the group pictures with hopes of recognizing someone, and watched groups of students working out in almost every sport represented on the campus. Coach LaBree and his group of netmen attracted the large number of spectators as they held an indoor scrimmage in preparation for their initial meet of the season with Indiana State Teachers College Wednesday. • With Coach LaBree taking an active part ip the participation, several active sets of doubles were played. Next to the improvised tennis court, a group of aspirant baseball batteries were attempting to get in shape for the intramural contests. At the west end of the room another group of baseball players were engaged in a bit of batting and bunting as Well as grounding practice. Baskets Busy The basketball courts were filled and overflowing with those who enjoy playing basketball regardless of the season. Even during timeouts in the practice games other players partook in a little shooting practice. Whenever a player left the floor it seemed as if two appeared to take his place. The squash courts were busy as usual and badminton courts were filled as the latest addition of the Purdue sports roster was gaining followers day by day. Many Arisitors, not to be outdone by the students, seemed to enjoy playing table tennis since all available tables were filled and had seconds waiting to play. Even the temporary table was set up and was kept busy by the paddle swingers.
Donald Budge
Boilermaker Nine Opens Big Ten Schedule At Iowa
Bredewater Will Face Hawkeyes In First Tilt Tomorrow; Warner To Start Tuesday
Don Budge, Fred Perry To Meet In Tennis Match At New Indianapolis Naval Armory Don Budge’and Fred Perry, two of the most famous tennis stars in the world, will meet in a racquet duel Friday night at the new Naval Armory in Indianapolis. Both men have been the top amateurs of their time and both have managed to win the United States, French, British, and Australian titles. Perry, who has appeared previ-
ously in Indianapolis with Ellsworth Vines, has played in every country in Europe, while Budge, although a newcomer to professional tennis ranks, has been victorious over many foreign stars in his tournament play. Both men have a well-balanced style of play suitable for exhibition purposes while Budge’s backhand stroke is considered the finest exam^ple of that type of play ever to be seen.
Perry and Budge will be accompanied by Walter Senior and Bern Gorchokoff of Los Angeles on their trip to Indianapolis, and the program Friday night will consist of two singles matches and a doubles contest.
Inspection Trip
JimsL
West Side Office 132 Vine St. Phone 7278 ^NOW for pick-up.
Means a full calendar, crowded with many and thrilling activities! You'll want to look your very bestto make outstanding impressions every day. HOW ARE YOUR CLOTHES? Soiled? A bit wrinkled? Probably just need to be touched up a bit to make them look NEW. This we can do! Bring them in!
Phone 3085
American! Dependable Dry Cleaner$
Some of the finer points in tube sign construction were pointed out to the 22 members of R, B. Marshall’s EE 16 class Friday when they visited the Beemer and Sherlock Sign Co., Lafayette. H. R. Beemer, president of the organization, predicted this kind of illumination for future residential cove lighting, using fluorescent daylight neon tubes. Intramural Schedule BASEBALL—TOMORROW Diamond 1— Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. 2— Phi Delta Theta vs. Beta Theta Pi. 3— Delta Upsilon vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. 4— ^Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Pi Kappa Phi 5— Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Phi Kappa. 6— Theta Chi vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. 7— Sigma Nu vs. Sigma Alpha Ensilon. 8— Phi Kappa Psi vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. 9— Phi Kappa Tau vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. 19—Alpha Tau Omega vs. Kappa Delta Rho
Pirates Leave After Visit To Fieldhouse By Seymour Lutzky On their last lap before they start big league baseball, the Pittsburgh Pirates came into Lafayette Friday night to prepare for their game with the Purdue squad. Despite the rain which has dogged them during their training tour, the Bucs were prepared to wage battle with the Riveter hurlers. After midnight, three Pullmans bearing players stopped at the Lafayette station and the Buc squad disembarked for a hotel. In the morning, sevei'al players including Bill Brubaker, Mace Brown, and club physician. Dr. Charles Charter, visited the Fieldhouse and toured under the direction of Dutch Fehring and Noble
Kizer.
Pie Traynor, in an informal discussion, expressed several opinions concerning the National League race during his visit. He stated “the Reds have a chance to succeed if they can improve their team in the line down the center. However, with Myers playing ball and Prey improving, the Reds might prove tough .opposition.” He also gave unqualified approval to the present Cub squad. Although as manager of his own club, he had an interest in the race, he refused to express any opinion concerning his own
team.
No Practice The players were feeling the layoff, and Pie was worried for fear of their going stale. Mace Brown looked ^t but slightly under the weatl^r. The giant pitcher looked over the Fieldhouse and wanted to warm up a little and Traynor seconded the idea, but the club secretary stated that they would have to take their train to make good connections. A surprise visitor to the Pirate club was William Benswanger, the president of the Pittsburgh club. He had flown from New Orleans to Chicago then to Lafayette. Benswanger had stayed behind with Lee Handley, Buc third baseman who had been hit in the head with a fast ball pitched by Johnny Allen, Cleveland hurler. Handley went to the hospital as a result of the injury and be unable to play ball during the first week or 10 days of the season. Benswanger met Lloyd Waner in the hotel lobby and was told the team was leaving immediately and that his trip was in vain ' The Pirates left at noon for Cincinnati where they open the official season Monday against the Reds.
psddaJtL
Somewhat disappointed at having their game with the Pittsburgh Pirates rained out, yet eager to open their quest for the Big Ten championship, the Boilermaker nine entrained this morning for Iowa City, la. There they will inaugurate their Big Ten season against the strong Iowa University nine in tilts Monday and Tuesday.
The Purdue team has met no opposition since their successful trip south on which they won two games tied two games, and lost one tilt, against college teams having the advantage of several extra weeks of training. In meeting Iowa they will be meeting the same club that tied with Indiana for last year’s
Big Ten championship.
Renew Rivalry
Monday’s game will be the first meeting on the diamond between the Boilermakers and Hawkeyes in 15 years. The Riveter lineup for this game will be the same as was planned to be used against the Pi-
rates.
Coach Dutch Fehring plans to start Arnold Bredewater as pitcher in Monday’s game and follow with Homer Warner Tuesday. Art Bredewater will do the receiving for the Riveters unless the hand that was bruised on the southern trip bothers him, in which event Fisher will be behind the plate. Famous Father In the Iowa lineup, Manush, left fielder and lead off man, is the son of Heinie Manush, who has played with the Detroit Tigers, St. Louis Browns, and is now playing in the outfield for the Pittsburgh Pirates. Those making the trip for the Boilermakers include: Arnold Bredewater, Art Bredewater, Fisher, Yeager, Mackewicz, Thompson, Lyboult, Smithson, Danowski, Stamm, Dickinson, Kurtz, Vernon, Warner, Wargo, Emmert, Doan, and Bailey. The probable batting orders and lineups are: Purdue Iowa Dickinson, cf Manush, If Dean, rf Kantor, ss Lyboult, 2b Vogt, cf Mackiewicz, 3b George, rf Stamm, If Winder, c Smithson, lb Bratter, lb Thompson, ss Prasse, 2b Art Bredewater, c Kosur, 3b Arn Bredeater, p Haut, Reid, or Hohenhard, p.
^IfwksL
By Bruce Witwer
The Sport’s Staff has its troubles too . . . Felix Mackiewicz, who was mentioned by one of our astute associate editors. Bob Deckard, as being a Girl Scout ballhandling something or other, put his merit badge work on trailing and tracking to use in hunting Deckard down and having a little verbal battle . . . so it is proven that the writer of Bold and Black isn’t the only one who has to stealthily dash about the campus in fear of being beset by some disgruntled object of publi-
city.
—^fc— Social Note . . . there will be a spiritualistic seance called some time in the near future to properly condone Jupiter Pluvius for disagreeable tactics ... how the Gimlets ever managed to get rain insurance is beyond oui- comprehension . . . in this locality nothing is a good risk and especially so when it pertains to the weather. —fc— This insurance business leads us to believe that if it can be obtained and collected because rain made a baseball game impossible, it should be easy to buy high class flunk insurance . . . something which has some degree of certainty to it as compared to Lafayette weather.
WAA News
DAY and NIGHT DRIVING RANGE
Now Open at
^Cimsiu J^isdddu
Lessons Given—at Reasonable Rates
—Golf Clubs Repaired-
Northern Indiana... . . . school administrators will meet for their annual conference here at the University tomorrow for a single day session. The association is composed of school superintendents and board members. Prof. Oakel F. Hall, of the University, is president of the organization. Dr. E. C. Elliott will address the conference at the luncheon, speaking on “Forty Years an Observer of Public School Administration.” Dr. F. B. Knight will also be a speaker, addressing an afternoon meeting on “Selection, Promotion, and Replacement of Teachers.”
Alpha Xi Delta sorority was given the cup at the WAA Penny Carnival Friday night for having the most unusual booth. Thaeles carried off the honor of having made the most money during the evening. They received a box of candy. More than 200 high school girls and their sponsors attended the WAA Play Day Friday at the Women’s Gym. Swimming, volley ball, ring toss, kick ball, and folk dancing were included in the day’s pro-
gram.
Spring outdoor activities will get under way this week. On Monday at 4:00 o’clock the call-out for baseball will be issued. The archery call-out Avill be on Tuesday at 4:00. There will be speedball practice this week for the 12 girls who are entered in the speedball games to be held at DePauw on April 22.
HAYS JEWELRY CO. EAST SIDE OF SI|VABB FINE JEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
Spring Sports and Spring Saving WHEN SPAULDING BROTHERS SOLD THEIR STORE IN INDIANAPOLIS, WE BOUGHT MOST OF THEIR STOCK FOR CASH. THEY GAVE US A VERY FINE DISCOUNT AND WE ARE PASSING THIS SAVING ON TO YOU.
If you want Tennis Balls, we have them. Wright and Ditson— Dunlop—Pennsylvania — Spaulding — Vantage and Ace from 29 cents or 3 for 75 cents to 45 cents or 3 for $1.25
Every Price Tennis Racket Spaulding Makes for $1.00—$17.50 The Famous Slaxenger Tennis Frames from $5.00—$12.00
Badminton Rackets and Birds Squash Rackets and Balls Robert Jones, Jr., Golf Clubs
Spaulding Golf Balls and U. S. Golf Bails from 25 cents to 75 cents—also many other makes. Spaulding Baseballs from 10 cents, 25 cents, 50 cents, 75 cents, $1.00, $1.85.
H. G. “Deac” REISNERmil
-.fiKW<S Fv’vh
THE PURDUE EXPOlteNT
'b;^:'j% IV,
x’A »., fplM, Ji
^l^jticsjL
V X M''
Sunday, April 16, li939
William Lloyd Will Lead Peace Strike April 20; Replaces Rev. Alva Tompkins
To Demonstrate Against Diplomacy
William Lloyd, national secretary of the Committee for World Organization, will lead the Student Protest Against War which will be held in Eliza Fowler Hall at 11 a. m., Thursday, April 20. He is replacing Rev. Alva Tompkins, chairman of the Chicago Fellowship of Reconciliation, who was forced by an unexpected emergency to cancel his campus engagement. Coinciding with the University demonstiation, students all over the countiy will leave their classes in protest against what they term a thoughtless diplomacy and an unchecked greed which threatens to involve us in another international war. Annual Demonstration The demonstration, an annual affair, IS being held on the 22nd anniversary of the United States’ entry into the World War. Sponsoring oiganizations call upon student to present a united front against wai. They piesent a platfoim which calls foi a national referendum that would place the power to declare war in the hands of the people. Reducement in the aimament appropriations, a stronger neutrality act, furtherance of disarmament conferences, and similar actions to keep the United States out of war are included in the platform. The movement is sponsored locally by the Purdue Peace Committee, and has the support of the following national organizations: National Council of Methodist Youth, Student Peace Service, War Resisters’ League, the Women’s International League foi Peace and Freedom, Young People’s Socialist League, Youth Committee Against War and Fellowship of Reconciliation.
tomorrow
e6
^J^im
and
^Jder
lh
By Georgann Schilling
St. John’s Episcopal 8:00—Holy Communion. 10:45—Morning prayer and sermon. No meeting of the Young People’s Fellowship. Purdue Christian Foundation in cooperation with the Lafayette Christian Church 9:30—Student class. Speaker, Prof. Albjerg, “What is the matter with Europe today.” 10:40—Morning worship. Sermon, “Dismay.” 5:30—Vespers. 6:00—Social Hour. 6:45—Round Table discussion. Presbyterian - Congregational 9:30—Student discussion group. Speaker, Dean V. C. Freeman. Subject, “Science and the Good Life.” 10:40—Morning worship. 5:00—Worship service, led by Dick Jones. 6:00—Supper. 6:45—Student Foium. Speaker will be Prof. Frank Hall. Subject, “Cuiient Histoiy in Euiope.” Methodist Episcopal 9:30—Church school. 10:40—^Worship. Subject, “The Ov-ei-flow of Grace.” 6:30—Univeisity Epwoith League. West Lafayette Baptist 9:30—Church school. 10:35—Worship and sermon. Subject, “Life Memoiials.” 5:30—Roger Williams Club, social hour and lunch. 6:30—Discussion group. Pi of. P. E. Lull to read “Winterset.” Trinity M. E. 9:30—Church school. 10:30—Worship and seimon. Subject, “After God’s Decision, His Call—Come Unto Me.” 6:00—Epworth League.
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE EXPONENT
Gold compacts decorated with the fraternity crest were given as favors to the girls at the Lambda Chi Monte Carlo formal last night. The chapter house resembled the much famed gambling resort, and big business was carried on through the medium of make-believe money. Chuck Coe and his campus band furnished the downbeat for gala .dancing. —H-H— The world is going mad . . . college students aie cuckoo . . . definite evidence that things are on the dow’nward path. Eating crazes are the rage, and every day there seems to appear a repoit of a more senseless happening along this line. It all started before spring vacation when a lad at Harvard swallowed some goldfish. The idea spread and collegiates in other paits of the country tried to break the first fisheater’s record. Then the objects to be swallowed changed resulting in several very unusual newspaper stories. A boy at Oklahoma University ate a football, another western youth claims to have eaten a snake head, and a fieshman football player at the University of Illinois created quite a sensation last week by swallowing five live'mice. What next little men ? ? —H-H— Form letter for a Purdue co-ed: “Dear (Bob) (Tom) I like to hope that you have (not) (quite) for gotten me. And when I said (some silly dope) (we might elope) you’ll tell me (life is a repartee) (my own that you’ll agi'ee). Let us be happy (let it) (to the) end. Think of me as (just a) (more than) friend. PIA To Hold Banquet, Spring Dance Friday Members of the PIA will hold their annual banquet on Friday evening in the faculty lounge instead of the Home Economics Cafeteria as erroneously reported in yesterday’s Exponent. Board members and workers will be honored at this alfair and tickets may be obtained for 60 cents from board members, or at the PlA office, according to Don Rice. Friday evening has also been set as the date for the PIA Spring Formal Dance. Hal Lieber and his University of Indiana band will furnish
the music. Members of the association will be admitted to the dance on the presentation of their membership cards and passports. Tickets will be available at the door for the price of one dollar for non^ membei's. Dress for the affair will be summer formal but winter formal or white trousers and dark coat combinations will be acceptable. Varying weather conditions make any one dress unsatisfactory. Theme of the decorations for the dance will be the New York World’s Fair. The backdrop will be in blue and white w'ith representations of a perisphere and trylon, symbols of the fair. A new and different lighting arrangement will complete the scene. Souvenir programs with a similar theme will be given at the door. Fred Astaire
New revelations of dancing talent and convincing dramatic ability aie evident m Fred Astaire’s role of Veinon and Iiene Castle, with Ginger Rogers co-starred, now showing at the New Mam Theater.
WBAA
THK voice OF PURDUB"
—Tomorrow— 11:00—Morning Melodies 11:50—Purdue News Plashes. 12:00—Agricultuial Forum. 12:15—Sports Review, Dick Shively. 12:30.—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Songs and Melodies. 1:00—Town Crier. 1:15—Monitor Views the News. 1:30—Story Time. 1:45—Market Reports. 2:00—Magic Carpet. 2:15—Melody Moments. 2:30—Foods, Facts, Fancies. 2:45—Mrs. Maurine Martin, violinist. 3:00—Concert Review. 4:00—The Warren Family. 4:15—Campus Personalities. 4:30—Bette McClean. popular songs. 4:45—Story Book Hour.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Professions!
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
• Jewelers
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHAAAKER Thii is sH wm de, but ws it w«N. Opposite Poet Offtoe Wellece Block 322 Peny St.
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISKr-O.DA HAROLD j. RISK—D.DJt. LUTHER A. RISK—D.Ss. Schultz Building 46 and Main Phone 5701
• Locksmith '
• Printing
"C'i CARTER for Keys, Locks, Generel Repairing SKATI SHARMNINQ Phone 2291 Stste-AAeIn, W. L.
savicf PJRINTING Office Stationery . „ 1 Wedding Invitatloni PHONI ^ *"*** ” ” " MOa CASSEL'S 408FERRY
Personnel Notes
Organization: Harvard School of Business Administration, Boston, Mass. Representative: Assistant Dean J. S. Lichty. Visiting Purdue: Tuesday, April 18, to talk to seniors desiring information on graduate work at the Harvard Business School. Those interested sign up in the Personnel Office not later than Monday noon. Company: Swift and Company, Chicago, III. Representative: E. H. Wagner, Employment Dept. Visiting Purdue: Wednesday, April 19. Interviewing: ME’s, also Ag seniors specializing in dairy and poultry. Limited number of openings in student training, dairy and poultry plants, and in sales. Those interested sign up in the main office of their school. Company: J. D. Adams Mfg. Co., Indianapolis, manufacturer of road building and maintenance machinery. Representative: J. W. Hartley, factory manager, Mr. Wallace, vicepresident. Visiting Purdue: Friday April 21. Interviewing: ME and CE seniors for a training course preparatory to engineering, production and skies work. Those interested sign up in the main office of their school. Company: Babcock & Wilcox Co., New York City, manufacturei s of water tubes, steam boilers. Representatives: Alfred Iddles and manager of Chicago district office will visit Purdue soon to interview mechanical engineers. Literature is available in the ME school office and the Personnel Office. All those interested sign up at one of these offices. Company: General Electric Company, Schenectady, N. Y. Representatives: M. M. Boring, and Phil Sayles. Visiting Purdue: Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, April 24-26. Interviewing: ME’s and EE’s previously interviewed will be notified. ME’s and EE’s not previously interviewed, who are interested in this company, sign up m the mam office of their school. Summer Employment; Anita Sut-
cliffe Dunn, 1867 B? Avenue, N.E., Cedar Rapids, la., is looking for undergraduates to sell Kur-Ten Form Windo Brackets next summer. Commission: 33% per cent of sa'ie price. Folder describing the product available in the Personnel Office. Write directly and sign up in Personnel Office for recommendation.
WAA Tennis: Please sign up as soon as possible in Women’s Gymnasium for Intramural Tournament, Class Tournament, and Student-Faculty Tournament. Any girl may ask any member of faculty, man or woman, to be her partner. (4-16) —MATHER. Purdue Riding Club: Horsemanship classes at 7:30 and 9 Sunday morning, April 16. —SUMMERS.
Classified Ads
Independents: Application lor me appointed positions of men’s social chairman, co-ed social chairman, political ^ chairman, campaign chairman, co-ed activities chairman, and men’s activities chairman, including qualifications and past records, will be accepted by the PIA board until Monday, April 17. All applicants will _ also be expected to present their qualifications at the PIA board meeting Tuesday, April 18, at 7:30 p. m. —WELLS.
Radio Club: Equipment exchange meeting Tuesday, April 18, at 7:80 p. m. in room 254 of the E. E. Building. Everybody welcome. . —BROWN.
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main RADIO SERVICE—For guaranteed reliable work call 46273. Herb Webb.
WAA Archery: Call-out Tuesday, April 18, at 4 p. m. for intramural and class archery. —MOREHOUSE.
Scabbard & Blade: Formal initiation will be Tuesday, April 18, at 6 p. m. in the Armory. Initiation banquet will be at 6:16 p. m. at Lincoln Lodge. Get reservations in before Monday morning, April 17. —DERNER.
INSIST on Chamberlin’s Ice Cream, Indiana’s finest. Phone 8028.
WEDDING ANNOUNCEMENTS and invitations, latest styles, lowest prices. Oneday service if desired. Kane’s Print Shop, 401 S. 29th. Phone 6206.
LOST AND FOUND
LOST—Rimless glasses in blue case labeled Jaflee & Sons. Call 66078.
Lambda Kappa: A meeting will be held in room C of the Union at 7 ;30 p. m. Sunday, April 16. Election of officers will take place. —OTT.
WAA Baseball: Call-out Monday, April 17, at 4 p. m. —COOK.
LOST—Tavannes wiist watch Saturday night on street in Lafayette or in the Mars Theatie. Initials 3 M. V. Finder call me at ATO house and claim reward. —J. M. Venable.
ROOMS FOR RENT
126 SOUTH GRANT—^Double room, single innerspring mattress bed, continuous hot water. Phone 41801.
WAA: Following girls are eligible to take the written baseball exemption^ exam on Monday, April 17, at 6 p. m. in the Women’s Gym: Glagrave, Harrison, Ward, Allbright, Eikenberry, Clattse, McFarland, Smith, Reed, Murphy. —FRASER.
“P” Men; Meeting Tuesday, April 18, at 7:30 p. m. in the Union ballroom. Election of lOfficers will be held. ' . —ANDERSON.
Scriveners: Meeting Sunday, April 16, in room 2 of the Union at 7:30 p. m. Guests coming. Please bring manuscripts. —JUSTIN.
MODERN ROOM for one or two people ■—new furniture—innerspring mattress. 16 N Ellsworth. Phone 76042.
COZY three loom apartment ideal for couple. $40. 130 East Oak Street. Phone 66642.
FOR HALE ; FOR SALE—Pastel green et and taffeta forfnal Size 34. Phone 61412 Saturday afternoon or evenings.
Notices
Gimlet Club: All tickets and money must be turned in to me before Monday noon. Make refunds beforehand if possible. —SWAN.
Sophomores: All sophomoies whose names appear on the advanced course list posted in the Armory, come to the main office of the Armory at once to have physical examination form filled out. (4-18) —MORSE.
Dolphin Club; Bring pledging lists to meeting Wednesday, April 19, at 4 p. m. In the Pi Kappa Phi house —CARR.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held in room C of the Union Tuesday, Apiil 18, at 7:30 p. m —MACK.
SPRING! THE TIME FOR CLASSIFIED ADS
You’ll be wanting to sell fishing equipment, golf clubs, cars, baseball equipment, roller skates or whatever you have. You can reach the Purdue students by advertising in the Purdue Exponent. Place an ad in the classified section NOW.
THE Purdue Exponent
Flying Cadet Applicants: examining board will visit the University on or about Monday, April 24, to conduct physical examinations. Pamphlets containing instructions may be secured from the Adjutant’s office at the Armory. (4-18) —MORSE.
Scrivener: All members who have manuscripts to be considered for the May issue must turn them in (typed) at the west Union desk for me before Monday, April 17. —CLEVELAND. Surveying: Examination for removal of conditions in CE 6 will be held in room 101, Civil Engineering Building, on Saturday, April 22, at 1 p. m. Permits to take exam must be obtained before April 22, in room 102, CE Building —LOMMEL.
Outing Club: Members wishing to go on bicycle hike Sunday, April 23, call Janette Morris, Eddie Geiser, or Marjorie Ward before Tuesday, April 18. —WARD.
Pi Tau Sigma—Important meeting Wednesday, April 19, at 4 p. m. in the conference room of the ME Building. All active members and pledges are urged to attend. —HARVEY.
Kappa Beta: There will be an important meeting and installation of officers at 4 p. m. Monday, April 17, in room F of the Union. —CISS.
Ceres: Important meeting Tuesday, April 18, at 7 p. m. in room B of the Union. Meeting will start promptly and last about 26 minutes. All members and pledges should attend. —HORNER.
i
Business Phone — 5038