>>'1
4
f
iiV i \ ^ tfe.’'Aki
-^i’ <! ;tf4' 5.» 'ftf't' " - »»4 i %
SPORTS Consohfion Dept: Harriers Won Again
El>irOlttA^ You And Rel^ioii« See Page 2
Volume 53, No. 49
West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, November % 1941
Boilermakers Lose To Powerful Rams, 17-0
Dr. Gillis To Speak At First Religious Convo
Editor of'Catholic World' Talks On'The Place of Joy In Religion' Dr. James Martin Gillis, of New York City, editor of the Catholic World, will speak before students, faculty members, and townspeople at the first religious convocation of the current semester at 10:30 this morning in the Music Hall He will speak on “The Place of Joy in Religion ” Father Gilhs, who has spoken on the campus several times before large audiences, is a well known . author, lectuxer, radio speaker, and clergyman He has received degrees from St John’s College, St Paul’s College in Washington, D C , Mt St Vincent, Pordham University, ancj St Francis College Gives Radio Broadcasts For many yeais Dr Gillis has given addresses on religious progiams over a nationwide NBC net woik He IS well known for the many books which he has written He has been editoi of the Catholic World since 1922 Father Gillis has a membeiship in the “Galleiy of Living Catholic Authois ” He became a member of the Paulist Fathers in 1900 and was oi darned a pi lest in 1901 His toms have taken him into neaily every state of the nation, including 100 cities from New York City to San Fiancisco, as well as in Canada and abroad
Choir to Sing
Another feature of this convoca tion tpi worship will be the music provided by the Univeisity Chou of 250 voices, diiected by A P Stewart, in chaige of thoial music The choir will sing two anthems “Adoiamus 'le” by Palestrina and “Send Forth Thy Spii it ’ by Schuet
ky
Committee on Convocations for Worship includes Victor Albjeig of the histoiy department, Claience E Dammon, Diiectoi of Admissions, Di Laurence Hadley, Chau man of the mathematics depaitment, Di 0 r Hall, piofessor of sociology, A P Stewart, choral diiector' and Dr A A Smith 1 e f
Interfraternity, Education, Home Ec Meetings End With Final Banquets Slate Home Et Club Elliott Speaks Dr. Norfhcuft Talks Delegations Close To Conference To Fraternity Men Annual Convention On Education At Closing Banquet
^ James m Gil lis^csp Camera Club ConlesF Entries Due In Union Tomorrow At 5 P.M.
Dean Fisher To Talk At Reamer Initiation Dinner This Evening
All photographs foi the Cameia Club’s annual contest exhibit must be tinned in at the Student Union office by 5 p ra tomoirow, it was
announced last night
Any univeifaity student oi staff membei may submit piints provid ed that they fulhll the following requuements (1) It may be on any photogiaphic medium, but must be at least 8 inches by 10 inches and not larger than 11 inches by 20 inches in size (2) They must be
Following Its formal initiation, displayed on a white oi ciearn mount the Reamer Club will hold its initia obtained at the West desk of the tion dinner tonight in the Union, it Union (3) All entries must be the was announced yesteiday by Lee W of the contestant Ruffner, president of the oiganiza Theie will be no chaige for Camtion The dinner is scheduled to be eia Club membei s but any other gin at 6 30 p m in room 332 of the people who wish to enter will have Union Dean M L Fisher will ad to pay a 50 cent fee Any number of dress the group prints may be turned in on this fee Rough initiation of the pledges Entry blanks must be attached to
was held last night Those to be pioto
initiated tonight are Robert R Ar Hand colored photographs may be vidson, Orville Ted Clark, John T obtained but these will not be eh Coniad, John B Ciockfoid, Frank gible jtor a prize Contest pictuies S Farkas, Walter L Leifheit Dale uie ^louped in the Amateur Stu W Martin, William D Millard, Rob dent Division, Advanced Amateur eit R Scobee, Jack U Thompsoru Student Division, or the University
-w-. , . 1 . XT Q+ ■nTxric.i/xn
Over 250 members of ten Indiana college home economics clubs met here yesterday for the annual convention of the college section of the Indiana State Home Economics Association The sessions were held in the Home Economics building Registration began at 9 a m From 9 to 10 the local chapter of Omicron Nu, home economics hon orary, conducted a tour of the cam pus for the visitors The morning program began at 10 with Nancy Poiter of DePauw presiding Mary L Matthews, dean of the school of home economics, gave the welcoming address, and Maiy Ann Mooie, home economics stmoi, led the membeiship discus Sion After a business meeting, lunch eon Was served in the Home Ec onomics cafeteiia Agnes MeCul loeh state president, presided at both of these sessions, and intio duced the state offieers and sponsors at the luncheon The featured speaker of the afternoon was Miss Frances Hawkes, fashion diiectoi of the William II Block Company ol Indianapolis Her topic was “Why Bother’’’, and she dealt with the little things that make for perfect grooming Schools sending representatives were Indiana University, Butler University, DePauw University, Ball State Teachers College, Evans ville College, Indiana Central Nor mal College, Indiana State Teach eis College, St Mary of the Woods College, and Manchester College s b John L. Ruby instructor on the University military staff since September, 1940, has been promoted from the rank of Fust Lieutenant to Captain, according to an announcement by the War Depaitment This promo tion went into effect October 24
L. A. Cook Discusses Problems In Defense Keynoting the annual regional conference of the Progressive Education Association, President Ed ward C Elliott addressed 350 peo pie at the opening discussion ses Sion yesterday morning in the Un ion President Elliott spoke on the tasks and ideals of education, past
and present
Because of their surprising similarity to conditions 22 years ago, the problems of today were intro duced by quoting from a speech of that time “The real contest during the next decade will be between the conservatives, who want the world put back where it was before the war and the conservationists whp desiie that the world be put for waid where it should be because of the war The contest between the conservatives and the conservation ists IS now being waged with all of its world wide deadly fuiy ’’ 3 Propositions Of FcRication Di Elliott stressed the fact that educators should defend three prop ositions (1) We can not have a fii st rate demociacy with second late teachers and teaching methods (2) The essential weaknesses of our education are moie chargeable to politicians than to pedagogues (3) No system of education for demociacy will produce human beings satisfied with poverty or
monotony
Under the peculiarities of present times the people are beginning to realize that education must include more than just the three traditional ‘R s’ of early education President Elliott considered the other essen tial factors as thiee modern R s’’ of education He listed them as, ‘the light and responsibility for skilled productive work and the right and responsibility for an understanding of the Bill of Rights ”
Corey lalks
Following Dr Elliott’s address. Dr Stehpen Corey of the Uni\ei sity of Chicago addressed the gathering on ‘ What is a Good School’’’ (Continued on page 4)
Climaxing a two-day regional conference attended by fraternity leaders and advisors from all over Indiana and surrounding states, 250 college students, alumni and faculty members attended a gala banquet last night in the south ballroom of the Union Summing up the purposes and accomplishments of the conference, which included two days of discussions and talks on subjects relating to the problems of fraternities in the present and future, banquet speakers expiessed satisfaction at the amount of giound covered
Conference Opens Friday
The annual conference wag officially opened Fiiday moining at 9 30 a m with an addiess by Pies ident Elliott, dcsciibtd last night by Toastmastei Don Douglass as the University’s numbei one fra teinity man Following the opening, the gioup entered upon a series of meetings to discuss and heai talks by prominent frateinity men on significant fraternity problems Speakers included R B Stewait, University Contiollei. Alpha Chi Rho W S Livingston, Council of Fraternity Presidents Ohio State University, Phi Gamma Delta, Di F C Scheuch, Fraternity Advisor, University chapter ot Sigma Chi, F T Mitchell, Dean of Men, Mich igan State College, Sigma Chi, G H Smith DePauw University, Beta Theta Pi, and Paul C Beam, execu tive secretary. Phi Delta Theta
Dr Northeutt Talks
Piincipal speaker at last night’s banquet. Dr Harry Clifford Northcutt Trustee of Northwestern Uni veisity. Alpha Delta Phi, spoke on the subject, “The Fraternity Man
Meets His Obligations ’’
In his talk. Dr Northeutt spoke of the obligations to the past of the fraternity man today—obligations to those who built the foundations of the life Americans now enjoy He pointed out the importance of the fraternity man’s looking forward
(Continued on page 4)
David A Utley and Robert V You
key s b w
Coeds Will Choose Air Cadet Sponsors Eaeh sorority house and residence hall will elect two members to act as coed sponsors for the University Cadet Flying Corps According to present plans these girls will work with Scabbaid and Blade to pro mote applications for the cadet units which are being organized by the U S Army Later in the semester the elected girls will bo presented at a “Keep ’Em Flying’’ mixer to be given loi the newly organized corps d Weather Man Reports Record October Rains According to Paul Lehman, Uni versity weathei observer, 6 86 inches ot rain or 3 86 inches more than noimal fell heie during Octobei Ihc warmest day of the month was Oc tobei 6, when the lemperatuie leg istered 85 degrees, while the eoldtst day was Octobei 28 with thi thermometer reading 3L degrees
Staff Division
Merchandise prizes will be awarded to the three victorious contestants in each group First prize in each category will be 5 dollars, second prize, 4 dollars, and third piize,
3 dollars cfh
Bryan To Address Historical Society Dr William Lowe Bryan, presi dent emeritus ot Indiana University, will speak betore the Tippecanoe County Historical Association at 6 30 tomoriow evening m the west faculty lounge of the Union His topic for the ‘ Tippecanoe Day ’ meeting will be ‘ Some HistoryMaking Hoosieis I Have Known ’’ Dr Bryan studied in Beilin, Paris, and Wuizbuig, and also holds honoiaiy degrees fiorn the Universities of Notic D imo, Michigan, Ohio State and Pittsbuigh He was president ol Indiana University Irom 1902 to 1937 Professor 0 F Hall, ot the division ot education and applied psy ehology, is general chan man lire public IS invited to the meeting, and those who do not wish to attend the dinnei may eomc later to hear Dr Bryan speak r eI
Mystery Of Physical Plant Activities Described By Inquisitive Reporter
By Bob Deverall “ Alright, let’s go over here into grounds with shrubbery my office and 111 try to answer your Up until last year the Physical questions” Plant maintained all roads on the W C Kashner, or “Kash” as he campus, however the State has talc IS called by some of his friends, en this job over for us The new seemed quite willing to tell a lep loads such as the one behind Mich 1 esentative of the student body a ael Golden Shops were built by the few facts about the organization State this summer Kashner says and workings of the University that by next year all gravel roads Physical Plant, whose black trucks will be replaced by black top are seen running about the campus. The Physical Plant operates on IS the sole maintenance unit lor our an annual budget of $350,000 which twenty one million dollar university, takes care ol all salaries, material, and IS on call twenty four hours a and other itepis of expense conneetday There are three general divi- ed with maintenance Among its sions of this depaitment, building skilled employees there are more and utility maintenance. Power than ten trades represented in adHouse, and the campus division The dition to quite a numbei of unskilled fiist division, as one might expe<2ti.^Iaboieis One rather sizable item is keeps buildings and utilities in re^he coal bill Last year in spite of pair Ihe Power House, under the the mildness ot the winter over two supervision of chief engineer Hen- thousand tons of coal were eon nigar, generates steam and electric- sumed, enought to heat an average ity and pumps \Vatei for the entire home foi one hundred and fifty university (the only outside power years All indications point to an line that comes into the school is even greater amount this year used to run a synchronous clock Perhaps you have at one time or which serves as a check on the fie another sat on one of the numerous queney of power generatid in the eoneiete and buck ‘benches” that Power House) 'Ihe Campus divi- art seatteied throughout the eamsion maintains the university pus without realizing what they are
for These are “breathers” for the maze of tunnels which run from the Power House to the various build mgs Steam, water, telephone and electric lines are run m the same tunnels to supply the wants of each building In the winter these tun nel sidewalks may be distinguished from ordinaly sidewalks by the fact that they are usually fiee from snow and water, something that we all
appreciate
It this depaitment, which we all take tor granted, were to cease operating some day it would be no time at all before every school or department in the University was in an uproar calling in to ascertain the cause of the failure of the heat, light and water supply Although the Depaitment ot Physical Plant IS entirely separate tiom the academic departments ot the Univti sity, a close cooperation is mam tamed at all tiifies Our tiiend^ Kashner and his worthies take care ot all maintenance from changing electric light bulbs to geneiating the power to light them, and from lej^aiiing locks on doors to leinod eling entire buildings
Muddy Field Hampers Attack of Both Teams By Phil Johnson, Exponent Sports Editor Polo Grounds, New York, Nov. 1.—Fordham's Rose Hill Rose Bowl bound Rams continued their undefeated, untied march toward that coveted goal here today on the muddy rain soaked Polo Grounds, situated beside the muddy Harlem River, by humbling a game but unpowerful Boilermaker eleven, 17-0 A cold, slashing ram fell all during the game to dampen the spirits of the brave 20,500 New Yorkers who dared to venture forth on such a miserable day. ■ About 90 percent of the playing field was covered with ankle d6ep slick, slimy mud, made worse by the Penn State NeW York University battle last night and the accompanying steady doiVnpour. Indeed, the slime was so deep that long mud cleats were of little support and footing was unsteady at all times The familiar white Boilermaker jerseys were completely hidden after the first minute of play under a thick layer of mud that made no player distinctive except snow white substitutes running into the game Team managers and officials worked as hard as players by keeping a steady stream of clean towels and dry fotballs onto the playing field between every play.
Knee Deep In Mud
On the absolutely bare mud por-
tion of the Giant infield during the baseball season, and on most oHier sections of the field, each play was characterized by the loud slushing of players falling and being gored into the sticky surface The pitchers mound was another spot that was knee deep instead of ankle deep in
the soft Polo Giound clay Coach Jim Crowley’s national
thud ranking Rams gamed an edge in the first seconds of the second quarter by a well kicked goal by then conversion expert, George Cheveiko, that gave them a chance to play safely for the remaining three quarters and capitalize on 1 am caused breaks It was this safe and sane policy, while the trailing
Too few people saw H Kenn Boilermakers were forced to take Carmichael’s pioduction of desperate chances, that gave the Thornton Wilder’s “Our Rams then pan of tallies m the
Town,” staged last night in quarter
Fowler Hall by the University
T-,, . . , » Right tackle Pete Timperman bePlayshop An audience of un- came sick shortly before game time der two hundred enjoyed what and was sent back to the hotel, with may well be termed the best a lOl degree temperature This loss Playshop production seen in a captain Tom Melton’s leg span of four yeai s mjuiy were outstanding factors in
the outcome of the fracas, as it was
Too much can not be said for the through spots ably filled by these cast, well chosen to portray the hu veterans that a great deal of the man story Wilder has written The damage was wreaked hie of the people of Grovers Cor The Ram line played a spectacuner, N H seems too nearly that fighting game despite the adof our own This seemingly made the verse conditions, but it was their job of production that much hard- array of backs and not the line that er For his casting of “Our Town” spgUed the victory Left half Jim Cairaichael deserves a vote of Blumenstock played an amazing
(Continued on page 3)
Army Aviation Board Gives Examinations; Team May Lose Star Marion “Red” Carter, right half-
Webb, Donald McIntosh, Simon back on the football team and a junStimson and others were cast per- lor in the School of Science, has apfectly piled for entrance into the Army The absence of scenery, for Mr Air Corps and underwent a physic^ Wilder’s play was written for a examination last week If he passes bale stage, does not detract from the examination, a smashing blow the story, rather it adds greatly It will be dealt to the 1942-43 football gives the common story of life hopes, as Carter was counted on to thiough childhood marriage, and supply a lot of the drive in next
death a lealism that is not often fall’s games.
poitiayed on the Purdue stage Bob Willkre, Louisville, Ky., who The cast for last evenings pei m u fieshman engineer and a neph-
foimance was nearly the same as that for the summer session pro
duction ot “Our Town ’
Townspeople last night took ad vantage of another excellent Play shop production Students missed
what many said was the “best ^ , , , ,,
i.1 ij . T, 1 » 11 1 turned down by the Army Air tluycj seen at Purdue” lire crowd ^ ^ ^
certainly did not niirror the qu il ity ol the plaj the t isl oi the di
rcctuig
KJAJytBS Rusf4 ’f
—FO/ZDJE £Aft} — —.SSE-
Small Audience Lauds Playshop Performance
By Iim McKee
thanks from the few who saw and
enjoyed the play
Geoige Cummings, on the pro gram as stage manager, but the nariatoi of the daily life of Grovers Corner, did a splendid job Becky Pervine, as Emily Webb, does her scenes in death as well as her scenes in life excellently Carolyn Wood, Emilj’s mother rn law, Paul Fatout, Professor Willard, the nat uralist, Coiienne Eckert, Mrs
Donald
ew of Wendell, successfully passed the entrance requirements. H& wQl be accepted at the end of the paresent semester if he fulfills his scholastic requirements Willkie dikclosed that he planned to join the Canadian Air Force if he wexe
ips
Army Air Corps Avration Cadet Examining Board, which has been on the campus since last Tuesdstf, Octobei 28, will leave this v#eeaend but they will return on Decem-
ber 1 for a week’s stay.
All persons interested 1^1 out application blanks and ke crammed by the board before
John H, Papurca PE 11 giaduatcd yesteiday fiom the c uulid lies class U S
Mamie toips Ottictis’ tiaimng
school in Quantico Va He was im- aie eligible lor entrance to tl|» ] mediately commissioned as a sec eimaker Aviation Units whick ffe Olid liiulcnaiit iii the United States now taking form m the Atmp Aix Mai me C oips j e n Corps, deb.PiMta^Eixmm&nt ■Wh wi ?'*:a ■
®M^pi / fr
SMidciy, Novem ber ^
«%'' f' H# ' iter l, il'illk''’ I ty R’^^v-.V
®y Drew Pearson and ltobert S. Allen
#u»»iis J^sk For Cannon, Machine Guns; Super Tank TiooJieayy Forli. S. Bridges ' tWASHINGTON, Nov. 1, 1941.— Averell Harriman’g confidential report on Russian requests for aid was vastly different from British fe^ests-after Dunkirk, dn comparison -with the :British, the Russian orders seemed a mere driblet. After the Lowlands debacle, the British had to start from scratch, Having lost practically all their armored equipment and most of their
sent to the Abeitieen, Mary* land, Proving Ground. Though less than a hundredriniles,. the tank^cannot make'the run un^ der its own power, becahse highway bridges are not strong enough to hold it. Consequently, •the tank .has do -be .loaded -on-a special flat car and taken over the rails. Critics are asking—“What good is a tank so gigantic that it can’t get around ?” It cost approximately half a million dollars to build this sample armored Behemoth. , !Mazi Sabotage The man to watch in^Europe today—next to Hitler—is, a suave and charming diplomat in Turkey named 'Franz von Papen. It iS;always a significant ompa when‘Hitler send von Papen to a country. It means he has dire and potent intentions regarding that area. ■ ilt was von P.apen who .went to Austria as Ambassador to sdftendt in preparation for the Nazi occupation. It . was von Papen who 26 years ago tried to do about the same thing,here. And now, w'ith weather getting cold in Russia and Hitler running ilower and lower.-on oil,, a Nazi -squeeze on Turkey becomes almost inevitable. To prepare for it. Ambassador Von Papen has been working overtime in Turkey. Almost forgotten is von Paperi’s
•field artillery. The Russians have attempt to softeiiiand sabotage the lost tremendous quantities of ma- United States'during, the last war. terial, bht judging from thek- rel- But his bperationsihere! indicate the atively modest requests, th«y still lengths to whichihe may go in T.ur-
- inust'liave a lot left. One of the chief things they ..asked for was 75 and i05mm. iguns, which, luckily we can supply. Production figures are a military secret, but these cannon are now rolling off assembly lines in quantity. The Russitins also asked for machine .guns, which we can furnish also in-large numbers, since machine gun production is at a high level. One of the biggest, and pleasant-
key to bring that country into the Axis. . ' ^ In 1915„ von Papen was German military attache in Washington when Count Johann von Bernstofff ,'returned 'from. England with a satchel .containing $150,6001000 in German 'treasury.notes.' 'Von'Papen, then in Mexico, hurried north, and immediately began organizing a network of spies. Invasion Via Canada After', selecting ifiis. agents care-
est surprises to Harriman was that fully, von Papen laid the following the ,Russians do' not need machine plans: tools, at least for the present. This No. 1. To invade Canada through, took a big load off his mind, as both British Columbia with the aid , of the'U, S. and British have few tools German warships in the Pacific and to.'spare right now. German reservists in the United Note: U, S. military experts con- States. This plan was vetoed by von sider lack of coordination between Bernstorff. the’three Russian armies to be one No. 2. To blow up Canadian railbf the principal reasons for the roads in an effort to prevent transbreak thi'ough in the center against poitation of Japanese troops Moscow. Although there has been a through Canada. (The Japanese shift of Russian generals, doubt still were fighting with the Allies.) exists about the corordination of No. 4. To blow up the Internationthe three armies under a central al Bride'at Vanceboro, Maine. .This command. was accomplished through an agent ■'Wrong .Orchid-To Martin named Werner Horn.
Like most other congressmen. Re-
publican Floor Leader Joe Martin had difficulty understanding members of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies during their recent visit on Capitol Hill. But Martin didn’t need an interpreter to decipher one statement by a Latin American guest. . ' ■ Introduced to Martin, the Argentine legislator said: “You have a great country and a ‘steal President—Si. Also a great party. The ’ Democratic 'administration ■ has done won'ddrful things for the United •
■States.”
Tre Argentine Congressman had no idea he was talking to the Re-
Voii'Papen was.so industrious
and unscrupulous that he overreached himself, and Wilson demanded his recall. But whenihe reached home, both he and Bernstorff were awarded deco-
rations, and both promoted.
Subsequently, von Papen became chancellor of Germany, and he took part in the conspiracies which
brought Hitler into.power. Wheeler's .Radio Pals
As chairman of the Senate Interstate Commerce committee. Senator Burt Wheeler wields a menacing cudgel' over every radio station in the country ; also over the .Federal Communications Commission which regulates them. The -isolationist
.publican National Chairman. And generalissimo on occasion has n6t
Martin, always the gentleman, didn’t enlighten him. He nodded pleasantly and appeared to agree that the Democratic administration 'had done wonderful things for the
United States.
. Later Martin laughingly admitted: “It was the only thing I clearly understood during the entire talk with the Argentine.” ’Biggest U.'S. Tank The giant ue-w 60-ton U. S. tank i.s completed, but it may never see
hesitated to use this power. When a Philadelphia station allegedly refused to broadcast a Lindbergh speech, Wheeler let out a threatening roar. .'But when three Montana stations, owned by several of his political henchmen, barred Walter Winchell and other anti-isolationist commentators, Wheeler didn’t utter SL word of rebuke and refused to lift a finger for them. Now', apparently trading on
actual service.'This tank is so enor- their close Wheeler ties, his Monmous that, like the gigantic B-19 tana radio pals are laying the .bomber, it may prove to be the lat- groundwork for a super-powered
est white elephant of national defense. .Duilt in Eddy stone, Pennsylvania, by Baldwin'‘Locombtove Works, the heavy tank is being ■" • f
station that, will give them domi-' nance of the ether waves of Mon-
tana.
Front man of the plan is Ed Graney, principal stockholder
and general manager of Station one,‘qf the 4Hree stations thatifbafined thenfaitti-isolationist, ,icom;otqntators. Craney is a close political intimate of Wheeler; also has as his radio partner Wheel■er’s .former -secretary, .Barclay Craighead. So Craney has applied to the FCC for authority to increase KGIR’s power from 5,000 to the maximum of 50,000 kilowdtts. Ifjihjetiicense is granted'KGIR, in ' isolated Butte, Montana,. woUldt bqcome one of ithcmost powerful .stations in. the country.' ,i Boosting a radio statioii’s license from 5,000 to 50,000 k. av. is a big order, but Craney and Craighead apparently are so .'Confident that they, quietly,purehased-.seveval thousand ..dollars,. woVith of new equipment. This came. to Jight accidentally when some of the equipment, stored irt a 'barn, was -stolen and later recovered by the sheriff. Tank^Exper^ For 15-n)o;jths,;thejBritish general 'Who commanded England’s only tank brigade in Flanders has been in Washington—rand he has avoided publieity , with the same success that he escaped annihilation at the hands of the Germans in May, 1940.. Mi^jor^Gcneral Douglas Pratt, a deep-chested Briton, came to the capital in August, 1940, to tell U.; S.. Ordnance what, a soldier needs in a tank. U. S. tank production at that time was zero, .and iWac . Department chiefs wanted the advice of a •man who-had seen tank action in -this -war., Pratt had seen plenty of it — disastrously. He crossed the Channel with 74 tanks, engaged in the heavy battles near Arras, and came out of Dunkii’k with no tanks at all. Fifty-five had been either smashed or captured in action, and the rest were destroyed by the British before embarking in the famous withdraw-
al. ,
Those fatal May days are still a nightmare for'Pratt. His tanks . were .'too slow and too few to stand- up .against the Nazis. Also-there was a Jack of maps, a: lack of air support.and a-complete lack of coordination. At one time, a French tank battalion fired on the British, and again the French even fired on themselves. Last -week, still unpublicized, Pratt left Washington, to fly back to England in a bomber for consultation there. In the 15 'months he spent in the United States, our tank production, starting at zero, has reached British output-—600 a month—and is going higher every
month.
Nut-Hill Amiable, roly-tpoly Representative Knute Hill of Washington boasts a unique distinction. He claims his name has ’been misspelled more frequently, and in more ways,, than that of any member of Congress. Hill produces documentary evidence to prove it. In his offiee is a foot-high .stack of .envelopes -received during his nine years in Washington. On each .Hill’s -first name is mis-spellqd. Garbled variations include: “Knutt,” “Canute,” “Knud,” “Newt,” “Nude” and “Kutej.” However, the most amazing aberration came on a letter the other day. It was addressed: “Represen- . tative Nut-Hill.” •Defense Slparks Introduced to ,a British production expert, who had just completed a survey of U. S. defense plants, 0PM boss William Knudsen took him off his feet by inquiring, “What impressed you least” .... Results of the Army’s quiet shakeup of officers: 15 generals already bounced or shifted, and more than 130 colonels slated for the axe . . . “Time is Short” is the slogan of the OPM. But because of an -Army major, who is provost marshal.of the OPM building, its telephone service continues to be one of the worst in Washington. His office, next to the OPM exchange, is essential to en-
PeibsGrin^
This morning' in the Music iHall Dr. James ’ the Church must lay as its contribution to the
Martin Gillis, of New York City, will address desired harmony.”
the first religious convocation of the semester. ’ Democratic and Christian countries are be'Students will do well to attend this program, 'ing subdued daily by the wave of totalitariansince .many ihave 'forgotten- the meaning of, ism in Europe. Hitler has announced time afrOligion to the individual and the place of the ter time his hate for democracy, and he has
church in his life. Especially in these critical and chaotic times it is necessary to pay more iattentipnto our'religious "life. ■ ' Most of us are so busy denouncing Hitler and' tryihg to pi'eserve our democratic system that we forget that the church is a vital .part in o.ur way of living. As long as we have liberty, the church and the state can, and should, wofk ‘together in harmony. Neither canydo/ithe dther’s job. The church would' not want do-direct-the state because that is not its function, and likewise we would not want the state to control the church, since that means loss of freedom of worship. If we would 'preserve our democratic way'ofj life, we must ■realke that democracy needs Christianity; our principles of freedom are imbedded in its doctrine, which teaches,man’s relationship to his fellow men and tO'God. Moral training is one of the first, requirements for good government. “The people must will to legislate for the common good. It is obvious, also, that such selfishness can only exist where religious conviction is so deep that political actions spring out of it. That is the foundation which
vowed the end of true Christianity. In its place, he woiild establish a nazi religion, wi(th his subjects worshiping the German superman. “Berlin seeks: to' de-Christianize Christianity by rhaking it a national thing with the pagan myths of Blood, Race, and Soil substituted for Christ.” Hitler’s denial of political and religious freedom Overthrows the ideals upon which America was founded. If; the Christian belief were not the foundation of democratic .principles, dictators would not bother to forbid normal qShurch activities and freedom of Worship. The. church can, and should, preserve the spirit of America, which 'vve are in danger of losing, I. , Christian people offer the only ray of hope to this choatic world order. The church can “condemn and recondemn, and enlarge upon, the evils of totalitarianism, and poinf out the horror and danger of spiritual slavery,” thus ‘.'bringing religious and moral reinforcement to the fundamental conceptions of democracy here” and mitigating the, “evils of autocracy in less happy lands.” '
•The Ratio3.93
We hear the Thetas jumped the gun on the formal season'by having their pledge dance Saturday -with all formal requirements and the trimmings. Some of the Theta pin men ■were howling-their heads off at the thought of di'agging out the ol’ soup and fish. If the ATO’s are wondering what happened to their curling iron, they might inquire of Ted Shead. That thing’s elusive, isn’t it boy.s? ■ Dev Silva of the Beta house is another-one to plant his pin off campus.. As if that alone wasn’t bad enough, the place where the pin had to go was down at that hole Indiana. Congratulation.s, anyway, Dev. . One of the very bad hibits the 'Kappas have, kept from last year is that of date-breaking. This time Dixie Howell of the Sigma Chi’s was the victim, Eleanor Kistler was the breaker, and Bob Ehnier of the Phi P.si’s was the you know \vhat. The Green -Hornets had their weekly meeting over at Lamb’s Friday and we are now able to give you a little more dope on what and who they are. The members are too numerous to mention all at once so here are just a few of the things that went on: Dottie Canfield swearing that two sandwiches were four; yern Hossellman tripping (and we mean tripping) ' the light fanta.stic (and we mean fantastic); Pat McLoughlin thiov tomatoes; Dick Worl and Janet Glatz getting engaged (the organist even played the wedding march for them). So much for that meeting. Come over and see tor yourself next time. Meanwhile, the boys were whooping it up over on this side at Harry’s with their weekly meeting of the TGIF society (Thank God It’s Friday) For further information ■ of this rat-]'ace see Prexy Russ Schmidt.
largements of the telephone office, but he adamantly refuses to move. The Major’s chief function is issuing passes to the OPM building. (Copyright, 1941, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
Thomas Say
... Entomological Society announces the election of the following officers; president. Jack Hart, ’42; vice-president, Clyde Timmons, ’43; secretary, Russ Clark, ’43. The society meets the second Thursday
of every month.
'Word comes that another pin has left our fair campus for another destination. It’s the Theta Chi pin of Chuck Keene and it went to, a Theta at Northwestern. If this keep.s up, there won’t be enough pins to
go around here.
Last year, Bob “Hog” Stanibaugh was afraid of losing his pin because of the ,get-up he had to wear in the . Union Show. Maybe it’s a good, thing his pin girl doesn’t see some of his rehearsals this year vvith Betty Wedge—especially in that one scene. Wow!
'Radio Club Will Teach Ham Opeator Classes Radio Club, an organization for amateur radio enthusiasts, will hold the first in a series of amateur license classes after the regular club meeting at 7:30 Tuesday evening in room 134 ol the EE building. The classes, which are to be taught by club meinbers, will cover the theory and practice Avhich one needs to know in order to obtain a government license which is needed before an amateur radio station can
be operated.
Two clas.ses will be held. One for holders of class B amateur licenses
COMPANIES SCHEDULED TOV VISIT THE CAMPUS (On Seniors’ Company Lists) Ranger Aircraft Engines, FaBittington, L. L, N.Y., November 3 and 4, 1941. General Motors Corporation, Dei; troit, Michigan, November 5,iandi6, 1941. ■ ... 'J..'' , Firestone Tire & Rubber Coiii-r pany, Akron, j Ohio, November.:40 and 11, 1941, - ’ Prest-O-Lite Company, Indianap7 olis, Indiana, November 12, 1941. R. C. A. Mfg; Company, Camden, N. J. and'Indianapolis, Iiid., November Uiand 12, 1941. - p General Electric Company, Sdheiiectady, Ni Y., November 12 Apd 13, 1941. • United Air Lines, Chicago, 111., November 13. • I ' Carnation Company, Milwaukee and Oconomowoc, Wisconsin, November 14. ') Pittsburgh Plate Glass, (Columbia Chemical Div.) Barberton, Ohio, November 14. (Not on Seniors’ Company Lists) Standard Oil Co. of Louisiana, Baton Rouge, La. ChE. and M.E., November 4, 1941. Square D Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. E.E. and M.E,, November 6 and 7, 1941. Colgate Palmolive Peet Company, Jersey City, N. J. M.E., Gh.E., and Science. November 6 and 7, 1941. ■
who wish to get class A licenses, and another for non-amateurs who wi.sh to obtain their first license. A class will meet after each of the club meetings, which are held every two weeks. Anyone interested, ■ whether a student o.r not, is invited to attend the meetings and classes, d.e.p.
’gnaef^iQiagBs
LOOK FOR THIS SIGN IT MEANS QUALITY AT LOWER PRICES john Sperb Hdwe. 822-24 Main St.
Dine Tonight HU CHINA GRILL CHOW MEIN’— CHOP SUEY 409 Columbia St.
Ic PER 'DAY:1o?-vi1'C1c’.’MINIMUM
SGOBEE PHOTO SERVICE
Quality Film Service PHONE 2343
I’ortraits and Framing ,1.05 VINE STREET
• A STORY SO BEAUTIPyi •.. BT HAD TO BE SET TO MUSBC! ,,. .The glorious voice of Jeanette MacDonald gives new meaning to this greatest of all love stories! The magic of Technicolor enriches its enchantment!
BRIAN
siii
SONGS! "Smilin' Through" "It’s A Long, Long Trail" "Drink To Me Only With Thine Eyes" —many more! ■yfith
IN BRILLIANT TECHNICOLOR Gene RAYMOND • Ian HUNTER
Starts TODAY lAnnsgTK
NO¥/ SHOWING ■ DOU BLE 'FEATURE ^ INKmKU ^ I when these dizzy doughboys i ftry to steal the sweetie of the I I toughest "top k|ck”inth&army; |^..•the blitzkrieg’s really ONk
£xponsmL All-American 1940-^41
fEntered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the-act of Congress of 'March 3, >1876, and at the special rate of postage provided for in>.-6ection, 1163, laict of October 3, ’ 4917, aulborized January 26, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year ::and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for ■■■$3,56 per year, mail subscriptions, $4,60.
Editor-In-Chief.. Editor...... SpartK Editor
..Ned' A. Ochiltree Business Maneeer ..John'L. Traugott Managing Editor Phil Johnson Coed Editor...
Don S. Powers ....Leland W. Ruffner ;Ruth Rose
Publication .Staff Associate Editors Editorial Staff: J. F. Amos, J. H. Armstrong, D. T. Brophy, 'R. E. Hadley. F. 1. Jones, E, G. Kieper. Sporix Staff: 0, T. Clark, J. O. Eraser, J, S. Keeler. ’B.lAff s JMery K. Hoynton, Alice Chatfield, Jane Kamsdell.
Business Staff Coed Business Manager: Donpa Siess; Office Manager: Lee Bos,song-. Local Advertisincr Managers: . K. K. Gjemre,.K. E. Saxton; Circulation Manatser; W. T. Bell; Accounts Manager: W. D. Millard. Juxifor Coed Managers: Jean Frankenberry, Francis Lloyd, Julia Martin^
aiid'Susiness, 4005; Sporfs/ 2792 ; ■ I ^Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377
Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc.. College Buhlishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York.'N. Y.
<Ntgkt l^Kor: Hadley kiisnt EdItoT: Buts
Staff For -This Issue l)^y Bditor: Boynton
Sports Editor : Keeler
'Keporters: J. C. Nordeen, S. A. Beall, B. C. Pickering, S. (Wolf, C. F. Huks, D. L. GJaepie, C. K. Wattleworth, It. L.
EiKcher, G. W. ByerH. G/Starr; Sporttt: E. L. Karpiek, J. Dawaon.
MAM -NOW PLAYING-
i-J-A SOTH CiNTUIir.SOX-MauM
-TODAY-MONDAY ^ 2 SWELL HITS IH MHIS!
•k IT’S THE TUNEfUl LOVE-IN-BtOOMFUl HIT! \\ I
KAYFRANGIS JAMES ELLISON
UOHNNYDOWNS MISCHA AUER v '// WALTER CATLETT LV, SUNNIEO’DEA * IRIS ADRIAN » / Rotario& Antonio
-plus-
ERROL
Where there’s peril ...there’s Erroll Plus plenty of thrills and laughsl ^
W..I.BRENDA MARSHALL RALPH BELLAMY < ALAN HALE LEE PATRICK • ALLEN JENKINS - t^UOILE WATSON
If--
■^4
(4.
]^&mnd^er^ 19^1
'ft Tj
f^veter Grid^^rs Face * '' %l^g Spartan B^ven
Boilsrpaker
jPacing the ^Boilermakers next Saturday afternoon here in iQ/y-C^SOtsin RosStAde Stadium will be a strong Michigan State eleven that ^ has a polished passing offensive, pleilty of power, and the heaessary scoring punch. fn the backfield for Michigan State will be Dick Kieppe, rated'ia "third Strihg reserve all last season, who has stepped into the left halfback spot by playiilg a brand df football that has be^n^far above his cojupetitors So
fai»Vhis season Dick has a 600 av erage in passes completed and has also avaraged nearly 20 yards on pant returns Howevei, the Spartan^s star fullback, Ed Ripmaster, has been on the side lines all sea son‘'With a twisted knee And it is very^liltely "now, that Coach Char lie Baqhman will keep him out the lemaindei of the season so that he ftiay play him for two more full yeais
Coach Bachman will have his team piimed to repeat last season’s per formance The Spartans are m ex cellent shape, the only injuied player on the team being then reg ular fullback, Ed Ripmastei As it stands now, the Boilermakers have been viCtois in foui out of the five encounters with the Michigan State
gridders
Returning fiom its trip to the East, the Boilermaker squad will be
“Stop Davis'” IS apt to be the piepared foi a victory next Satui
ciy when the Boilermakers meet the giiddeis fjomiEast Lansing foi no Jess than three backfield stars ans wei to the name of Davis And fie quentjy all three play in the game atfthd^same time This trio is made up of the noted touchdown twins, Wilford and Wyman, and a promis ing colored sophomoie, Hugh Having upset Marquette, conqueror of Wisconsin, and playing a veiy good game against Santa
day, in that the team is anxious to wind up the home season with a ti i umph before taking to the road for the two final conference games with Wisconsin and Indiana Coach Mai Elward and Charlie Bachman, Spartan coach, are of the same Notre Dame vintage and their teams run almost identical plays However, the aimilarrty of attack should have no effect on the offensive of either team, as each has
Harriers Win 18-43
Squ^ Peljeals
Stile In last Dual llleei
Three Rivers, Mich , Nov. 1 ^ (Spemaf to Purd&elSkpAA) —A brilliant Boilermaker Cross Country Team maintained Its spotless record at the expense Of Western Michigan today by a one sided score of 18-43. Thus ended the most suceesf^dl season of dual meets in Riveter history. The distance team has established itself as one of dihe strongest in the country and surpassed the expectations of even the most opthnistic
followers of the hill and dale sport.
■ Holderman Does It Again
Insh, Army Th, imra Beats I.U., OMoStateWms
. Jim Miller, left guard on the Boilermaker eleven, turned in one of yesterday’s outstanding line per foinrances rn the Fordham Riveter tussle A consistently good player throughout the year, Jim showed himself to be a good ‘ mudder
Notre Dame, 0; Army,‘0 Frank Lehay’s string of sixteen
was
The brilliant Riveter distance man, Ed Holderman, continued on his winning ways and led the pack around the ram and wind swept course, in 1-8 47 Woody Appleton maintained his position as the number two man on the squad by following the Boilermaker captain to the tape Peddler m third plaee was the only Western Michigan runner to break the parade of Riveter runners
across the finish line
Don Kamp, Darrel Roach and
Clara, the Spartans have shown proved to be very effective The
their potential power and scoring pu^ch moie than once Last year they upset the Riveter eleven on IVlackhn Field at East Lansing to the tune of 20 7 And no doubt
Boilermakers will probably see the i<eturn of Kenny Smock, great soph omore back, and Co captain Tom my Melton, one of the leading con ference guards
Mary Marlpi Reveals The Latest Fashions From ‘New York Town’
Editor’s Note This cdlumn was written in the absence of Phil Johnson, who spent the week-end at Fordham, by Associate Sports Editor
John S Keelei
• IFs A Hard Life
Ho hum ‘ another week end, anothei football game, and another depressing two hours spent listening to a radio program So let’s let that take caie of the game We didn’t see it (of which we noware rather glad) so we 11 leave the unhappy details up to Phil, who did
• Anofhar Win in Cross Country
Bbileirmaker sports fans, hoWevei do have one blessing to be thankful consecutive victories was broken for on this 1st day Of November Coach Phillips cro§s country team yosteiday as Notie Dame was held cjjapjes Duesler were the reraamseems to hit a new high on each successive week end Yesteiday the team to a 0 to 0 tie by a previously un quaij.flej.g f^j. Boilermakers m climaxed its first undefeated dual meet season m the history of the beaten and untied Army team Ap fourth and fifth places, reschool, when, up north. Western State took a humble bow out of the proximately 76,000 fans braved a gpectuygiy Although his position picture to the tune of an overwhelming 18 42 score Of course in this cold driving ram to witness the age count in the final score Keith
the Ram tilt by often hi eaking up business, the dual meets don’t mean too much when it will be the Big old rrvalyy between two of the most jjgLaughhn helped to make the Foidham’s plays at the line of Ten Meet two weeks from now which will decide the Conference chain- powerful squads in the country at 'pgachers’ score hmher bv tikme’
pion Incidentally, the Big Ten Meet and the State Meet, which will be Yankee Stadium ® ^
held next week end as part of the Dad’s Day festivities, will both occur Yhe closest either team came to on this campus scoring was in the second period . The Irish and Army Get Nowhere » X » Playing in the same rain and only a couple of miles away from the total yards gamed with 187 to 107 Polo Grounds yesteiday afternoon were the “Fighting Irish” from No- for Notre Dame The muddy field tre Dame and a great Army eleven who both slopped it out in the muck handicapped the usually potent
to a 0 0 standstill Here, as in the Riveter Ram fray, he who would get to first base must necessarily slide there on his face For that matter it was pretty duty weather in many parts of the East yesterday
• Here's Some Flashy Quarterbacking
sciimmage He hails from Massilon, Ohio, where he played high school football under Paul Brown, present coach of Ohio States’ Buckeyes
Irish passing attack, the boys frpm South Bend completing only three for a total gam of ten yards Minnesota, 8; Northwestern, 7
One of the queerest plays of the year was pulled yesterday by Mm-
nesota when, m the closing minutes of the game, the team pulled the ^ smart powerful Minne
^ ^ithout even bothering to go back into a nosed’out the Wildcats huddle Northwestern was taken completely by surprise and it meant a touchdown and a victory to the Gophers Previously Northwestern had been in the lead by the score of 7 2 and had been giving Bernie Beii man’s lads then scare of the season Howevei it remained for that diminutive little Gophei back who goes by the up and coming name of Higgms to sneak through the whole Gopher line behind beautiful blocking to lun
for 41 yaids and a touchdown
• Elward, Bachman and Notre Dame
The lespective teams of two disciples of Knute Rockne will meet here
Minnesota
of
Northwestern to virtually clinch title The Gophers scoied a safety when highly touted Bill DeCorre vont was forced out of bounds be
hind his own goal line
A bit of biam work on the part of the Gophers m calling two plays from the same huddle, the latter the touchdown play turned the tide
score
sixth place Bob Jarvis m ninth place was the last Riveter to cross
the finish line
State Meet Next Saturday Yesterday’s meet though against
a non conference opponent served as the last prep for the State meet to be held on the Boilerpiaker course next Saturday, In view of the splendid record compiled by the Riveter distance men this season it is reasonable that the men of Coach Herman Phillips will continue on their victory trail and bring home another
victory next week-end Ed Has One Defeat
Next week;’s meet will also give Ed Holderman a chance to avenge his only defeat of the season In the meet against Indiana Holderman finished m a spot that he is very unfamiliar with That day Wilts, the I P star finished ahead of the Riv-
eter captain
m Ross Ade Stadium next Saturday when the Riveters clash with the ™ The^Wi s made
Spartans of Michigan State This Dad s Day battle should beai some resemblance to two teams playing their shadows the plays each use are so much alike To a cei tain extent, Iowa last week end created that ipi piession, but if past expeiience means anything the Michigan State
fiaeas will top them all
Packers And Bears Meet Today
then only score when the sopho moie sensation, Otto Giaham flipped a pass to Chailie Hasse, jun 101 wmgman flora Hammond
Indiana, 7; Iowa, 13
A fighting, haid driving Iowa
BoUerm^ers Lose
(Continued from page 1)
game for the Rams, ably aided by Steve Filipowicz and Rookie Joe
^ team playing before a Homecoming
The nations pro football spotlight will he focused today on Wiigley crowd of some 30 000 fans overcame f i i j- j.f
, particularly outstanding foi his un-
an early 7 to 0 lead to win over In
Field in Chicago wheie the Gieen Bay Packers will meet the powerful Chicago Bears One of the questions concerning football fans thioughout the country is whether oi not the league leading Bears have a piss de fcnse potent enough to stop the aerial leceiving antics of one Don Hutson who cuiitntly is ei eating somewhat of a sensation among his luckleSs opponents by snagging the pigskin out of the blue sky light iiom iindei
then veiy noses
DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD J RISK — DENTISTS
400 404 Schultz Bldg 4th and Mam St Lafayette
PI A Offers Insurance Policies lo Students
LOWER TEMPERATURES CALL FOR wools and Iweeds, with the lesult that Paramount’s iashion expert, Edith Bead, has designed some fetching Rail costumes for Mary IViartin to weat in the picture, “New York Ipown,” in which she shares stellar honors with Fred MaeMurray and Roherl Pieston.
Ihe singlc-Ineasted jacket buttons high in iiont with coveted buttons. The scalloped pockets aie hand-stitched. Tiie suit is enhanced by a diessy hat, a sable scarf and blown suede accessories.
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
RYTEX PERSONAL
PI A membeis may obtain fiie in siirance on then personal belong mgs up to a $200 value accoidirjg to an announcement received last night fiom the PIA office Premium fpi the policy will be 75 cents for the rest of the school year and ap plications may be obtained at the PIA office between 4 and 5 30 p m any day this week deb
diana yesteiday afternoon by a scoie of 13 to 7 Led by then great sophomoie halfback, Billy Hillen brand the Hoosieis opened the scoiing in the first period Hillen brand lading back for a pass was apparently trapped but with the perfect blocking of White and Sa ban circled Iowa s right end foi the
marker
In the second half the Hawkeyes were led by the passing of Tom Eaimei and the plunging of full
back Bill Green
Ohio State, 21; Pittsburgh, 14 The favoi ed Ohio State team yes
orthodox style of straight up run-
ning
Chester Best For Riveters Boilermaker Bob Chester ♦was easily the stai of the losei’s attack, matching Blumenstoek’s kicks yard tor yard and giving the leading spark to a sodden running attack Bob Johnson plqyed his fifth 60 minute game in a row ^ut VfSks rushed foi line honors by Jim Rush, Captain Jim Millep, and ^arry Flench Another sophomore, quarterback Bob Hams, was damply initiated into the Boilermakei lineup, playing a nice first game
, , , , X, The first quarter was just plain
tei day outclassed a revamped Pitt
STATIONERY
1
HOME COOKING ^
University Book Store
Plate Lufiches 25c and up 1
i . I Across Union *
' Sandwiches 10c |
Re 1 Sanimoi s 29 Doc Epple 40
SMITHY’S COACH | 1
squad by a score of 21 to 14 On a reverse by Kinkade from the 33 yard line, the Buckeyes scoied their first touchdown in the initial period A tally m each of the sec ond and thud quarters provided then margin of victory
Other Scores
Stanford 27 Santa Clara 7 Michigan 20, Illinois 0 California 27, U C L A 7 Navy 12, Pennsylvania 6,
the Rams went to the ^ yard line, a penalty took a touchdown from them as the tun filed Field Goal Opens Scoring Cheviko kicked a perfect field goal on fourth down to start tte second period Aftei this the Rams took no chances, but played a safe punting game Fullback Fihpowicz broke loose for a 31 yard touchdown sprint
In this latest Paramount picture, now playipg all over Mary Martin can he seen wearing a j sports outfit consisting of a dark heige wool ijkirt, slim and stiaight, a long sleeved silk tailoied blouse, ovei which is a sleeveless ^hlown suede vest that crosses in liont and j ' Ipslens at the side with a large buckle. Ilei i ihiown suede spoil shoos are hand-stitched in 'beige. A casual loppei ot camel’s hair can he Rifled to (omplete the ensemide, with a sipali spoils hat ot lelt oi vcdcnu, to match.
Sweaters, short oi long sleeved, are always good, paiticulaily when the wearer does them justice. Mary Mai tin looks mighty lovely in this hand-knitted short sleeved model in beige, the body of which is made in the stockinette stitch; the hordei and edges of the sleeve have the knit-two pm 1-two pattern. A naiiow lealhoi belt of contiasling shade and a blight coloied silk sc ail lend a gay motif to ihe Knilweai.
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. BARDWAREtPAlNTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 ^ We Deliver
through left tackle just less than
♦♦ two minutes aftei the second half
Everything for a ::
. .. jco twisted 20 yards to the Purdue
College Education - five, with Fihpowicz seoung on two
T line plunges Chevrko converted
both points
DEAC’S
lor a scene in “New Yoik lown,” which iMMliiitcs Maiy to “dicss up,” so to speak, JVliSB Head has cicated a piaclical suit oi slate giay wool. Ibis skill also is stiaight and slim.
And heie is an attiactive spectator spoils outfit consisiling of a brown wool jumper suit, with a tilllle-n<‘ck< d swealei in natural caehmcie. The hi own loppei is cut with princess lines and is hand-slilched. With this are worn blown suede aceessoiies and a little beanie pel ehed on the hack oi the head. Jaunty is the woid foi Maty.
To Look Smart, Look Clean
No worry about slow action upon the part of the Crown Lannclry. FAST AND EFFICIENT SERVICE are our spociaklies^
LOTH #
Monday at 5:75
Miss Helen Seaton of our book department will re-^ view Thomas Wolfe’s book The Hills Beyond, over WBAA A copy of Benjamin Franklin by Carl Van Doren will be given aw^y. Listen in loi details Best Sellers for Sale and for Rent. The Keys of the Kingdom. Berlin Djary. One Red Rose Forever.
Book Dept.—2nd Floop
jt I" 1
J
tkL i v*-
mmPurdue Exponent
' SunSay, November 2,
Elliott Speaks
I.
Purdue Christian Foundation Sunday Program At Lafayette Christian Church 6th and North St. 9:16-25—Catch ride from 131 S. Grant. 9;30_Student Class. The Rev. J. Newton Jessup will teach the class on the subject, "Making a Living and a Life.” 10:40—Church Worship Service. The sermon to be preached by Rev. Doyle Mullen is entitled, “The problem of Freedom.” 5:16—10c Supper at 131 S. Grant. 6:45—Leave for the Church bldg. (5:00—Forum. Program includes recreation, singing, discussion, and worship. Discussion topic: “Shall we Smoke?” as led by Joy Wampler and Bob Riggs. Vespers leader is Paul Busby. (A deputation team will go to Flora this evening.)
Baptist Students West Lafayette Baptist Church Corner Columbia and Chauncey Joseph Baird Gleason, Student Pastor 9:30—Roger Williams Class Hour “Pop” Gleason teaching “A Birdseye View of the Old Testament.” 10:30—Church Worship Service. Sermon—“Christian Morale.” Anthem hy choir. Violin solo by Marion Line. 5:30—Roger Williams fifteen cent lunch. 6:00—Roger Williams Social Hour. 6:30—Roger Williams Discussion Hour. Panel discussion led by Alberta Artm an, an I. C. S. A. Devotions led by Eugene Byers.
(Continued from page 1) Summing up all the factors influencing the worth of a school. Dr. Corey stated, “A good, school is one where the leai’ning experience makes a lot. of sense to the pupils.” , Dr. Grace Langdon of the WPA, from Was^ngton, D. C., addressed a noon luncheon session of the convention. Subject of the address was “What is Happening to America’s Children?” Entertainment at the noon session was provided by the University Orchestra, under the direction of Joseph Regains; and the University Glee Club. What Is The Outlook? The final session of the convention, held yesterday afternoon, was addressed by Di’i L. A. Cooke of Ohio State University, who spoke on “Education’s Role in National Defense,” and Dr, George Axtelle of Northwestern University, who spoke on “The Outlook for American Education.” Both speakers stressed the same point, that an extremely important task of the educator today is to create a community spirit or to develop a unity between the various people of the nation. The difficulty of the task is evident. Educators of the nation must do what Hitler and Stalin have done in unifying their people, but must do it in a democratic manner.
SDK To Sell Tickets For lU Blanket Hop Sigma Delta Chi members on campus are assisting their fraternity brothers down at Indiana University by selling tickets for the Indiana Blanket Hop on Nov. 22. The I.U. chapter, of the national journalistic fraternity annually sponsors the dance on that campus. Bob Strong and his “doghouse” musicians will play for the dance, which will be held in the Indiana Union on the night of the IndianaPurdue game. Strong and his band recently rose to fame as the corny mercial band on the radio show, “Uncle Walter’s Doghouse.” Omicron Nu WilMnifiate Six Members Tonight' Tonight at 5 p. m. in room 305 of the Union, Omicron Nu, national home economics honorary, will initiate six new members. Following the initiation a buffet supper will be served at 5:30 in the Old Chestnut Room. After the supper, Agnes McCulloch, president, and Miss Mary Bone, faculty sponsor, will tell of the Omicron Nu Conclave which was held at Michigan State University last summer.
student Union Workeras Everybody on Hoffer's and Deuster’a' committee please comb to Union' office Monday aftbrmon at 4 p. m. Frier, Kyle, MaXwell, McCartney, Ford, Johnson, Furman, Hayden, Hbpkins, Hos'en, Turner, Bahner, Nelson, Sanford, Stogdill, Rack, and Hoskinson, please come. Refreshments. Important plans for Military Ball to be discussed.,: —DEUSTER, HOFFER. Purdue Gymnastic Club: Practice every ■week-day from 4-6 p.m. Tumbling and hnnd.:balancing every Tues., Thura., and Sat. Apparatus work every Mon., Wed. and Fri. Those interested are asked: to work out at the indicated times. —-POZER Triton Members: Swimming party for you and your dates> Tuesday, Nov. 4, at 7:30 p. m. in Women’s pool. Everyone en-
couraged to come. —KRAEPELIEN.
Catalyst Club: Debris picture will be taken at 7:30 p. m. Tuesday, Nov. 4, in
North Ballroom of Union.
—KRAYBILL
Novice Pistol: Students desiring to fire fourth novice pistol group starting Nov. 4 should sign up in supply room at once.’ This includes students who may have signed up prior to Oct. 23. There are vacancies in this group for students desiring to fire same. LT. BROWN Mechanical Engineers: The American So, ciety of Mechanical Engineers membership applications may be obtained in the general office Of the Mechanical Engineers building. . —BOLZ PIA Membership Salesmen: Please check, in membei’ship books with money by Friday evening, Nov, 7. Also have any dance
tickets that you might have.
—GORIS
Reamer Club: Formal initiation' Sunday, Nov. 2 at 6 p.m. in tower room of the Union. Initiation banquet in room 332 of the. Union at 6 -.30 p.m. Dean Fisher will speak.
—RUFFNER .
Alpha Phi Omega : Debris picture at 10:30 T _ _ p. m. on Tuesday, Nov. 4 in South Ball- Outing Club: Make reservations for trip room of Union. Actives are to wear suit to McCormick Creek State Park on ,Nov. coats. An important meeting will be held 8 and 9 With Opai/Blagrave, 6765 or Gail at 9:30 p. m., before the picture is taken, Hennis, 2907 before Monday. Open meeting in Room 307 of the Union. Wed., Nov. 6 at 6 p.m. in room 303 of the
—SIGLER. Union. —BUERGLER
Notices
Omicron Nu: Debris picture will be taken Tuesday, November 4, at 10 :20 p. m. in the South Ballroom of the Union. —COLLINGS Pi Tau Sigma Pledges: Class meet Monday, Nov. 3, at 4 p. m. in the Mechanical Engineering Building.
—GLOOR.
Undergraduate Dames Club: Will have h meeting Tuesday, Nov. 4, at 7:30 p. m. in room 306 of the Union. Miss Shanklin will speak on "How to Plan Inexpensive But Well-Balanced Menus.” —VOLLMER.
Tau Beta Pi: All faculty and graduate students, who are members of Tau Beta Pi are invited to attend the annual fall initiation banquet on Wednesday, Nov. 6, at 6 p. m. in tfie West Faculty Lounge of the
Union.
Hoff and Horn Club: Pititures for the Debris will be taken Tuesday night, November 4, at 9 p. m. All members attend.
I —DUNBAR.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Collegiate chapter meeting at 7 :30 p. m. Tuesday, Nov. 4 in the Pharmacy Building, to hear Dr.
deBey. /
' —HENNIS.
Society of Automotive Engineers: All members will have their Debris picture taken on Teusday, Nov. 4. Be in South Ballroom of the Union at 9:30 p. m. Please
wear suit coats and ties.
—KEIL.
Episcopal Students: There is to bo a student breakfast following the 8 inm. communion service on Siin., Nov. 2 at St. .lohn s church, 6th and Ferry. THORNTON WAA Archers : individual^ tournament must be shot by Friday, Nov, 7. You may shoot any night at 4 p.m.' —JOHNSON Alpha Zeta: Debris picture will be taken Tuesday, November 4, at 9:40 p. m, in south ballroom of Union. Wear suit coats. • ■ —SWAIM Military Code Classes-: instructions will start Monday, Nov. 3 in room B-4 of the Armory. Class rolls are posted in hall of Armory. , —BURKHART
\ ■■ -
WAA Hockey: Class tournament schedule Mon., Nov. 3. Sr.-Soph; Wed., Nov. 6, Fr.Jr.: Fri., Nov, 7, All Star practice. Mon., Nov. 10, Sr.-Fr.; Wed., Nov. 12, Jr.-Sojph.:; Fri., Nov, 14, Jr.-Sr.; Mon., Nov. 17. Fr.Soph. -^BLAGRAVE AWS: There will be a meeting of the Independent Coed House Presidents Council Monday, Nov. 3 at 4 p.m. in the AWS, office. If you cannot come please simd a repfesentative, —^^NITSCHL HKN ; Debris picture will be taken at 0 tTiO p.m. Tuesday, Nov. 8 in the North Ballroom,
—SOUTHMAYD.
POMM Pledges; Meeting Tuesday, Nov. 4, at. 7:20 p.m. in armory. Attendance required, —-THOMAS Purdue Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, Nov.'4,. at 7:80 p.m. in room 134 of the EE Building. Amateur theory classes, will start. —MILES Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting Tuesday, Nov. 4, at 7 :80 p.m. in room 303 of the Union. —I^OCKWOOD Scriveners: Meeting Sunday, Nov. 2, at '7:30 p.m. in room 2G3 of the Union.
—RIEGLE
AlChE: Chem and Met subscriptions can be obtained from the following: Barns, Kraybill, Southard, Hay Smith, Santini, Lerner. —KRAYBILL AlChE; Meeting in room 12i) of EE Buildin at 7:30 p.m., Wednesday. Nov. 5. R. J. . Kryter of Esterline-Angus Co. will speak on instrumonlation. —KRAYBILL
Silver Mask:, Regular meeting Tuesdaj^ Nov. 4. in room 302 of the Union. PlewnB to be uisciiBsed. —TOWEN , POMM : special meeting, Mon., NoW _8 at' 4 p.m. in room 106 of the Armory, ^Firing battery for the Armistice Day salute Will be organized and initiation 'wHl be discussed. All actives be P>’^^«g^gHj,ELL' Theta Alpha Phi: Debris picture tylU' taken Tuesday, Nov. 4, at 9:46 p.m. in south ballroom of Union. Men we^ suit coats. —fa IKON 1. Camera Club: Debris group picture will be taken Tuesday, Nov. 4, at 8:W R.te. in north ballroom of the Union. ^TOWLE Sophomore Union Workers: Report to third floor, Executive Building at 4 lyn. Monday, Nov. 3. •—STECKER Elkhart liid. Students: Those wishing to' see Mr. N. E. Adams from the Junior Academy of Science of Elkhart, meet in Room 263 of the Union at 8 p.m. Sunday. Nw. 2.
—FORD
Virginia C. Meredith: Debris picture will be taken Tuesday, Nov. 4, at 10:16 p.m. in south ballroom of the Union. All mem* bers included. '—BLANK
Classified Ads
Money to Loan: on anything of value. Albert’s Loan Office. Pawnbrokers and Jewelers, 407 Columbia St. Typewriters—Adding Machines, all makes sold, rented, repaired, and purchased, Mimeograph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, 60S Main,, Lafayette. Phone 2770. Lost: Slide rule, probably in Union building. Handsome reward for finder. W. F. Sprurger, Phone 2305. Wanted to Buy: A Vood tiaed Dietzgen Champion drawing set. Toland, room 417, Chem. Bldg.
Wesley Foundation Student Program At The First Methodist Church Chauncey and South Streets 9:30—Students class taught by Tiev. E. R. Balsley, Student Pastor. 10:40—Morning Worship Sermon hy Dr. 0, S. Steel “Fruitage.” 5:45—Wesley Vespers, Jack Hopkins will conduct the evening program which will feature the great hvmns of the church.
University Presbyterian Church North Street at Grant Street John W. Findley, pastor and director of the Westminster Foundation 9:30 a.m.—The six-week discussion period will end with “Why Do Innocent People Suffer with the Guilty?” led by Dr. G. H. Graves. 10:30 a.m.—There will be no church service due to the Religious Convocation in the Music Hall. 5:15 p.m.—The evening Vesper Service will be under the direction of Charles Marsel. 5:45 p.m.—The Sunday Evening Club will meet for supper in the church basement. Following the .supper there will be a panel discussion on “Race Discrimination” led by Hans Jaffe. . Concert Choir Will Sing For Church Anniversary Today at 6 p.m. the Concert Choir will leave for Mulberry to give a .sacred concert in celebration of the 40th anniversary of the building of the Methodist Church there.
Dr.Northcutt Talks (Continued from page 1) to the time when he may play an important part in the future of his community. However, Dr. Northcutt stressed as most important the doctrine that “We can’t win today’s game with yesterday’s score” — that the most important consideration was “Now!” The annual conference will be held next year at Michigan State College. The committee responsible for the organization and carrying out of this year’s convention consisted of Wally Stanton, general chairman; R. B. Stewart, graduate regional director, co-chairman; Bob Skallerup, Bill Hepburn, Jim Walley, Bob Pearson, Tom Gardner, Bill Miller, John Wilcox and Jack Pfenninger. r.l.h. Murphy To Address Tau Beta Pi Banquet Tau Beta Pi, national all-engi-neering society, will hold their annual fall initiation banquet at 6 p.m. Wednesday in the west faculty lounge of the Union. Prof. C. Murphy of the history, economics, and government department will be the main speaker, and Gerhard Nothmann will act as toastmaster. All faculty and graduate students who are members of Tau Beta Pi are invited to attend the banquet, c.e.w. Ruth Atwater . . . home economics director for the National Canners Association, Washington, D. C., was on the campus Thursday and talked to several foods classes. She was a guest at a luncheon given by Miss Amy Bloyo in the Home Economics Cafeteria.
ADULT DANCING CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER'S, TUES., NOV. 4, 7:30 P. M. TO EXPERIENCED DANCERS ADVANCED, WED., NOV. 5, 7:30 P. M. This Course Imparts "Smartness" Which Denotes Style and Rhythm P. M. Allen, Nationally Known Instructor ENROLL NOW PHONE 2150
ALLEN'S
6th & FERRY
fell
Winter Is Coming Soon THAT
OVERCOAT Is it ready for wear? SANITONE, CLEANING Will make it like new because it restores the natural finishing oils.
J
PHONE rtn
1 rl 1 1
• She has her eye on
the campus styles — —
• She isn't just an uncommon little
girl, but she represents all of the
i
coeds around Purdue because . . . .
• She knows what she wants to
wear and
# She has her allowance with a
high percentage set off to buy:
Dresses, Suits, Skirts,
Cosmetics, ''
Hosiery,
Sweaters, Sports Apparel,
' Jewelry
j / Millinery, Furs and Coats I^IIT —
— D U 1 The ADVERTISER must let her
know where to do her buying and
shopping! > , ,,
AND HOW? ■ . 1 ■ ■■ ■ ,
^pl 11^1
■ 1 J Ask Any Of The Following
S' EXPONENT Ad Salesmen N
Bob Donaldson Gene Baynes \
Jim Petty GaryKIouman 1 1
Charlie McIntosh Jesse Wright
or Don Johnson AND THEY Wl YOU HO
ILL TELL »W >
1*^
ii--
'A
^ i
■ y i