Purdue
Z-185
Exponent
Lafayette. Indiana
SUNDAY
May 14.1939
Vol. 50
No. 182
Chi Omega, Sigma Chi Win Niiith University Sing
Riveter Nine Loses, 6-5 Compos Paused...
In Tie For Big Ten Lead
Columbus, Ohio, May 13.—(Special)—Ohio State’s Buckeyes wakened from a long lethargy to eke out a 6-5 victory over the conference leading Boilermakers here this afternoon to drop the Gold and Black nine into a tie with Iowa for the top of the Big Ten.
In the last half of the ninth inning Laybourne, Buckeye first baseman, singled, was forced at second by Jesko, who stole second, and went to third on an infield out. Waldo, Ohio State shortstop, took two strikes. Then, when Bob Bailey, who had come into the game in the ninth, was within a strike of retiring the side, Waldo crashed out a single to drive in the winning run for the Buckeyes. Mack Homers Mackiewicz led the Boilermakers in their 13-hit assault on the Ohio State hurler, getting three hits in five times at bat. One of the Boilermaker third baseman’s blows was a long home run. Lyboult, Dean, and Smithson collected two hits. Dick Wargo who pitched the first five and one-third innings for the Boilermakers, got a triple. Dickinson, Art Bredewater and Hearne got the other three hits. The loss gives the Boilermakers a record of five victories and two losses in the Big Ten, to tie them with the Hawkeyes, who did not play a conference game. Michigan trounced Indiana to drop he Hoosiers into a tie with Northwestern for third place. The Wildcats beat Illinois. Purdue started the game with a two-run lead. A triple and a single gave the Buckeyes their first tally. The Gold and Black scored again on a double steal. Three unearned runs put the home team into a 4-2 lead. In the eighth after the Boilermakers had added two more runs, the game was halted and a long argument ensued between players and officials. Interlude The umpire reversed a ruling that had been made in the game yesterday, allowing a Buckeye to score the tying run. With a man on second base Mackiewicz picked up a grounder, held the ball momentarily to force the runner on second to return to the J)ag, and let loose a high throw which got away from Smithson. The ball rolled back to the fence along the field. Ground rules permitted the runner to^ take second (Continued on page 4)
Graham Crowned Queen Before 9i Mothers In Union
Nine hundred Mother’s Day guests crowded the Union ballroom yesterday afternoon to watch the annual WSGA Mother’s Day Musicale, and the crowning of May Queen, Jessie Graham. Surrounded by her court of eight. Miss Graham was presented with her crown by Gordon Matthews, Union president. The May Queen wore a simple white afternoon dress with a shirred bodice. Attendants in the Court-of-Honor were as follows; Mary Cooley, Peggy Hamilton, Sally McKee, Mary Alice Learning, Georgiana Pittman, Betty Jo Sexton, Mary Wien and Martha Wood. Formal presentation of the new Mortar Board pledges was made by the outgoing seniors of this co-ed scholastic and activity honorary. The musicale was introduced by a string ensemble composed of Eva Robertson, Virginia Hart, Ruth Wattleworth, and Virginia Ried, which played several classical numbers. Mary Louise Switzer presented three piano selections including the ever popular “Deep Purple.” Rachmannanoff’s “Prelude” and “Largo” from the New World Symphony completed her program. The University Modern Dance group, under the direction of Helen Knight, instructor of physical education for women, gave a group of three interpretive dances. Dressed as gypsies the Purdue Men’s Glee Club, under the baton of director Albert P. Stewart, completed the musicale. The Glee Club presented three soloists with their selections.
William J. Harris...
. . . was initiated into Sigma Delta Chi, national professional journalistic fraternity, on Friday, Newspaper Day. His name was omitted from the list of initiates in yesterday’s Exponent.
50 Per Cent Of College Students Have Jobs
Which Help Them To Complete Education
By Joe Belden, Editor Student Opinion Surveys America
AUSTIN, Tex., May 13.—“Working his way through college” has become a much-applied phrase in describing the typical American youth attending one of the nation’s 1500 institutions of higher learning. And it is a well-founded description, for nearly half of them are doing just that. A nation-wide study of economic conditions of college and university students has been conducted by the Student Opinion Surveys of America, the results showing that 47.2 per cent “work to pay part or all of their college expenses.” The student that goes through four years of classroom and laboratory routine and as a sideline earns all his living expenses is not as common as the one who has a parttime job that merely supplements his allowance from home or a scholarship fund. Nevertheless, the Surveys clearly point out that almost five out of every ten students in this country care enough about an education beyond high school to be
willing to work for it. Although not as many women as men hold jobs, over a third report that they perform some sort of work to aid their pocketbooks. Slightly less than 64 per cent of the co-eds included in the representative sample used answered “yes” to the question “Do you work to pay all or part of your college expense.”
... for three hours yesterday, forgot its worries over economic conditions and international crises, and listened to over 1,000 students join voices in the University Sing as tribute to Purdue Mothers. The entire nation pauses today long enough to honor that person to whom more sentiment is directed than any other
person in the world ... Mother.
Pedalion^ Phi Psi's Next
Best Ever—Says Stewart
College students may be generally divided into two classes, realists and theorists. Both groups are often accused of having a hardened exterior. But deep down in our hearts, we are still just as sentimental over mother as a baby’s lullaby. “Just a lot of commercialization,” is the spear often thrown at the heart of Mother’s Day. We disagree. Flowers, candy, and other items pass in great volume as mother’s day gifts, it is true. It is real spirit which counts, however, and in a mother’s eye a cheery note carried by a three-cent stamp may outweigh the combined flower and candy output of the world.
Chi Omega and Sigma Chi won the ninth All-Campus Sing last night on the Oval before over 2,000 students and mothers. Thirty-four organizations competed in the sing. “This sing tonight was far superior to any we’ve ever had. They’re getting better every time,” said A1 Stewart after it was over. The sororities placed: Chi Omega, Pedalion, Alpha Chi Ome-" ga, and Alpha Xi Delta. Last year they ended Pi Beta Phi, Alpha Xi Delta, Kappa Kappa Gamma, and Kappa Alpha Theta. ~ The Chi O’s, dressed in straw col-
Over 750 mothers were officially registered in the Union Building yesterday. An estimated 900 mothers attended the afternoon May Queen ceremonies in the ballroom. It is probable that several hundred more mothers arrived later in the afternoon to hear the University Sing. Still more mothers who could not visit the campus yesterday may arrive today. The Mother’s Day program works not only for mothers, but also for the student. Mother is vitally interested in seeing her son’s campus environment. We are still enough of an idealist to believe that every student is equally glad to have mother as his private guest. The Mother’s Day program is just as much a part of Purdue University as is Heavilon Hall. We hope the program, now sponsored by the Student Union, continues annually as long as the University exists. If you wear a red carnation today, we hope you can take mother by the arm and attend the day’s program with her. If she cannot be with you, or if you wear a white carnation, set aside a few moments for precious thoughts of .. . Mother.
Activities Students To Hear Dr. Elliott Speak Tomorrow
Gymkhana To Be Staged This Afternoon At 230
Main event of Mother’s Day program will be the second annual Purdue Gymkhana sponsored by the Purdue Riding Club and the Student Union and staged on Intramural Field this afternoon at 2:30 o’clock. Forty or fifty horses are expected to be
entered in the show.
President E. C. Elliott will address a mass meeting of all students engaged in University activities, Monday evening. May 16, at 8 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. He will discuss activities from the faculty point of view, and give his ideas on possible future organization. An open discussion will be held following his talk. A discussion of next year’s policies of the Activities Bureau will be conducted before Dr. Elliott’s talk by Bill Breuer, executive of the Bureau. He will also attempt an explanation of new 3.5 scholastic index rule enacted by the University executive committe last spring. The ruling prohibits entrance into activities by all students not having this scholastic attainment. Breuer stated, “All students engaged in activities and especially the newly elected officers are urged to attend. President Elliott will discuss divers advantages and problems of activities and will give his own ideas on several points. He will also give ample time to discussion of any ideas or problems that the individual student wishes to bring up.”
ored formals, sang “Here’s To The Girl” and “The Sweetheart of Chi Omega.” Pauline George was the leader. Fraternity Rankings Fraternities finished: Sigma Chi, Phi Kappa Psi, Delta Tau Delta, and Delta Upsilon. Last year they ranked; Phi Kappa Psi, Sigma Alpha Mu, Delta Upsilon, and Sigma Chi. Led by Dick Starbuck, the Sig’s sang “Sigma Chi Dream Girl” and “The Sweetheart of Sigma Chi.” The judges for the sing were Mrs. Ralph Thrush, Oxford, and Donald F. Malin, director of the Lyon and Healy Music Company, Chicago. Competition Keen “It was as keen competition as you could have .had,” said Malin. “In many cases Mrs. Thrush and I had the same scores for one group.
Early this morning the Sigma Chis serenaded the seven sororities and the Residence Halls. 'The, serenade began at one o’clock, lasting the better part of an hour.
Riding Club officials invite especially the mothers and the public to attend this exhibition of horsemanship, gaited horses, trick and fancy riding, and amusing contests. There will be 2,000 seats available for the spectators, and there will be no charge for the show.
SAA To Hold Election ’50 Couples...
For '39-'40 Officers
The program for today’s show is as follows:
Students in the central states—• Ohio, India|na, Illinois, Michigan, Kansas, Nebraska, Missouri, Iowa, Wisconsin, Minnesota, North Dakota, and South Dakota—appear to have the most ambition or greatest need. In this section there is a remarkably even distribution of the working students, 64 per cent. Of these 62 per cent are men and 41 per cent are women.
1. Parade of all participants. 2. Mounted drill. 3. Horsemanship Class; Women. Open to members of Purdue Riding Club. 4. High School exhibition, which is expected to be one of the highlights of the afternoon. 5. Three-gaited class: For privately owned horses. 6. Horsemanship Class: Men. Open to members of the Purdue Riding Club. 7. Trick and fancy riding exhibition. 8. Five gaited Class: for privately owned horses. 9. Saddle Ponies Class: for the children 15 yeais or under. 10. Musical Chairs: Men. 11. Balloon Contest: Women. 12. Jumping Exhibition.
(See Editorial on Page 2) Election of two junior vice-presi-dents, president, and senior secretary for the Student Athletic Association will be held Tuesday in the Union Building. Senior posts will be filled by the present juniors Henry Frazee and Richard Stapleton. Polls will be open from 7:30 a. m. until 6 p. m.
danced to the music of Charlie Cartwright and his band at the Mother’s Mixer in the Union ballroom last night. All students accompanied by their mothers were
admitted free.
Approximately 200 mothers were in and out durihg the evening. Cartwright alternated between sweet and swing. He played a number of request numbers during the eve-
ning.
“The Chi Omegas had the best balance and tone quality. And they made a lovely appearance in their yellow dresses. The Sig’s finish and style impressed me most of aU the fraternities. They had good blending and phrasing also. “The Delta Tau Delta spirit was very good, and so was their bass section. That is where most of the fraternities were off,” Malin commented. Sorority Dress Each sorority was dressed uniformly. The Alpha Xi’s wore black formals with white jackets; the Alpha Chi’s wore white skirts and pastel blouses. They were the only sorority not dressed formally. The Kappas wore blue formals. Both the Pi Phis and the Thetas wore white formals, the Thetas wearing white turbans. Pedalions wore black formals and white carnations in their hair. For the first time in sing history the Sigma Nus appeared in white shirtsleeves and dark trousers.
The withdrawal of C. L. Van Zant because of failure to meet the University 3.6 scholastic index activity eligibility ruling, was announced by the Boilermaker Party May 12, and an extra day was allowed by the committee for the naming of a new candidate.
Mofher^s Day Program
8:30 a. m.—Breakfast in the Union ballroom.
9:30 a. m.—^YWCA service for Mothers—Dean Stratton, speaker, in Eliza Fowler Hall.
10:45 a. m.—Religious services at Lafayette and West Lafayette Churches
William Siljander, Cary Hall candidate, al^o withdrew his candidacy. Candi(|ates for the offices are Boilermaker Party—T. C. Noland, ME '41, and W. F. Taylor, EE ’41. Progressive Party—A. A. Yankowski, Ch ’41, and J. D. Fisher, ME ’41
1:00 p. m.—Model Airplane Meet—Field south of the West Lafayette Municipal Golf Course.
2:30 p. m.—Gymkhana—Purdue Riding Club Program—Intramural Field
First Model Meet
Exponent Staff
To Be Held Today
President Somoza's
New Englanders seem to be better off when it comes to receiving the monthly checks from home. Only three out of every ten men and two out of every ten women perform some work while in college. Other sections of the country fall between these two extremes.
The show will be open for the first time this year to privately owned three-gaited and five-gaited horses from all parts of the state. Judging from advance interest a number of outstanding horses, including Tawa, leading Arabian stallion from the Greenbrook farm; Philo, a five-gaited dark bay, owned by G. E. Lyman of Lafayette; and Black Beauty, a three-year old black mare owned by Walter L. Gray, of Lafayette, will compete in the open classes.
Visit Is Postponed
The scheduled visit of President Anastasio Sohioza of Nicaragua, to the University campus, has been postponed from the original date of May 21, according to word received here yesterday from Nicaraguan Minister Leon De Bayle in Washington. A definite date will be set within the next few days. Somoza had planned to spend a day inspecting the University’s breeding herds.
This afternoon, starting at one o’clock and continuing until six, the model airplane owners will send miniature planes into the air to compete in the first model plane contest ever to be staged ,on the campus. The contest, sponsored by AeroMo(jelers Club and Purdue Student Union, is to be held on the field just south of the West Side Municipal Golf Course. Poster arrows will mark the way to the field. Prizes will be awarded for first, second, and third places in both the rubber-powered and the gaspo\?ered classes.
There will he a general meeting of all old and newly elected members of the Exponent staff in the conference room of the Agricoltnral Experiment Station M<mday at 4:15 p. m. Plans for the coming year will be discussed. A perfect attendance is expected. —INSLEY.
Prof. O. Hassdl...
. . . and Dr. I. Finbak of the University of Oslo, Norway, visited the Purdue Physics Laboratories last Monday and Tuesday. Professor Hassel is noted for his investigations in molecular structure and hia researches in electron diffraction.V ...
£dibardaL
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
J^cdtuJUUL
Sunday* May 14* 1939
SAA Political Lines... ., . have been forming all week, with hastily called party meetings and more campaign tags appearing daily. Every University student is automatically a member of the Student Athletic Association, and is eligible to cast one vote at the polls on Tuesday. As usual, Exponent will maintain its policy of strict non-partisanship in this election. Staff members, however, may have their own favorite candidates outside our office walls. SAA nominees for junior vice-president now number four; two backed by the Progressive Party; and two on the Boilermaker ticket. Bill Siljander, running unaffiliated, has withdrawn his candidacy. Student Athletic Association represents the entire studeht body, and every student is entitled to know the qualifications of each candidate if he is to vote intelligently. To vote for the man, not the party, requires definite knowledge of each candidate’s aims and ideas in the race for both senior and junior offices. To give the student body a fair view of each man. Exponent will publish short, concise statements from each candidate in these columns on Tuesday. Deadline for these statements will be 5 o’clock in our Union office, tomorrow afternoon. All pleas for office which are received will be printed.
Purdue Exponent
Kntered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorised January 20. 1022. X^blished daily except Monday during ihe regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session, Delivered locally by carrier for |8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.50. Editorial Board R. E. Insley ..Editor-in-Chief D. G. Terrio Editorial Director G. W. Frederick .Managing Editor W. E. Smith Business Manager E. M. Antonin! Senior Advertising Manager R. Jenkins Sports Editor G. Schilling Co-ed Editor Junior Staff Editorial Business Sports R. P. DeHoog R. Fisher g D ^?auis R.W. Donahue R. M M. M. rL&s D. K. Heiple A. Hite Co-ed M.Hagemeyer M. Burtsfield « G- Carroll J. C. Willaey G. Cox, Sec. Simpson D. J. Henninger, Art Director PHONES Editorial Srtbrts Business 4005 2792 . 5038
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAU ADVERTISINa BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative AZO Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHicASO ’ Boston ■ Los Ahselss - San Francisco This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue Universl^. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewiioint.
Night Editor—^Donahue Issue Editor—Heaton Sunday, May 14, 1939
Justin Cline Talks On National Youth Hostel Movement Justin Cline, field representative of the National Youth Hostel Movement, lectured to students who are interested in hostel trips ycsz/erday afternoon in the faculty lounge of the Union. Movies of the various trips made by the Youth Hostels were shown by Cline. Details of a two week’s trip, which should be of interest to Purdue students, were told by Mr. Cline. This trip to be made by about 10 hostelers will start Monday, Jime 19, from George Williams College, 63 and Drexel, Chicago, 111. The general itinerary to be followed is: Chicago, Benton Harbor, South Haven, Saugatuck, Muskegon, Ludington, Frankfort, Menominee, Green Bay, Manitowoc, Sheboygan, Milwaukee, and Chicago. The group will make the trip on bicycles at a minimum cost of $18 and a maximum of $22. This amount will include lodging, food, boat fares, leadership, and some incidentals. Each member of the group will take $10 emergency money. Another trip to be sponsored by the American Youth Hostels will be a seven weeks’ trip of approximately 1,200 miles. This trip offers a variety of attractions including Benton Harbor, Yerkes Observatory, the bird sanctuary at Battle Creek, as well as a visit to the largest fruit market in the world at Benton Harbor, the flower gardens of “Little Holland,” the mint, the celery and chicory farms of the Finns, the paper mills and auto factories of the great industrial centers, and possibly Mackinaw Island. The trip will be at a cost of from $95 to $115. The bicyclers will start from Chicago, June 30. Anyone interested in further information about these or any other trips should write to Justin J. Cline Prairie View, 111.
Senior Snoopers Will Dine Tuesday Mystery shrouds the Senior Snoopers banquet which will be held Tuesday, May 16, in the Home Economics cafeteria at 6:15 p. m. All women graduating at the end of the summer school or next January as well as those who will receive diplomas in June are invited to attend the banquet. During the past month an unidentified group of senior women has been busy delving into the pasts and predicting the futures of thfeir fellow classmates. Margaret Johnson is in charge of arrangements for the dinner, and Katherine Merritt is chairman of the ticket sales committee. Tickets may be purchased from Katherine or at the west desk of the Union. Commission Offers Lay Inspector's Exam The United States Civil Service Commission has announced an open competitive examination for the position of assistant lay inspector in the Bureau of Animal Husbandry, Department of Agriculture. The salary is $1,620 a year, less a retirement deduction of 3 1-2 per cent. Applicants must have lived for 6 years since their twelfth birthday on a farm or r^nch producing livestock; or must have had certain experience handling livestock or engaged in the preparation or processing of meat or meat-food products. Applicants should not have passed their fortieth birthday. Applications must be on file with the Commission not later than May 29 if received from states east of Colorado.
ALWAYSm TROUBLE
— alM — "SHORT SUBJECr
Out of the stirring past of this great nation emerges this drama of accompiishmnt that symbolizes the tradition of America! The dramalic romance of one who dreamed and struggled, loved and achieved.
starts TODAY
University Will Hold Garden School May 16 In conection with the eighth annual convention of the Garden Club of Indiana to be held here on Tuesday afternoon, May 16, the University will cooperate in sponsoring a Gardening School that will be launched with a dinner on Tuesday evening and continue through Wednesday, May 17. Members of the University Women’s Club will act as hostesses for the dinner, which will open the first school of its kind in the State, with Mrs. A. Swope presiding. Music will be furnished by the Purdue Men’s Glee Club, and Mrs. 0. L. Foster will give an illustrated lecture on “Choice Memories of a Roving Gardener.” Wednesday morning. Dr. Laurenze Greene, head of the University horticultural department, will preside at the opening session. Following greetings by Professor F. C. Hockema, the nature and properties of soil as/the foundation of gai’dening/^jf be outlined by Dr. G. D. Scars^&h, of the University staff. Two other staff members. Dr. E. J. Kohl and Professor E. R. Honeywell, will complete the morning program with a discussion of pollen and rose culture, respectively. Following a luncheon at noon, presided over by Professor R. B. Hull, chairman of the gardening school committee, the school will come to a close with a discussion of common plant diseases and insect enemies led by Dr. C. L. Porter and Dr. J. J. Davis.
Full infoi-mation may be obtained from Clifford P. Singley acting Secretary of the U. S. Civil Service Board of Examiners, at the post office in Lafayette.
Temple University has organized a series of “refresher courses” to enable alumni to keep up with current trends in their various fields of endeavor.
LU^ today —MONDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
m\W ROMEO ROPES HEIRESS!
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liciity
OPEN LETTER . . . All of you have noticed the absence of this column during the last few days. Bold and Black will run again, but it will be more your column than ours. 'Remember, this column is yours—^we merely put it out and do a little revising. We seek the cooperation of all students in this University to keep the B and B going as strong as it was two or three years ago. All fraternities, sororities, and co-op houses, private homes, and other organizations should do their best to uncover the stories that can be associated with people on this campus. Stop at the Union any time and deposit these contributions in the Exponent box at the west desk. The students seem to be afraid to put something in the box . . . you have a chance to see someone you know get splattered in this column, and yet you don’t take it. Let’s start now, so find out plenty of stuff on your pals, or i;elate some funny incident, or anything else worth mentioning. Contribs have been called for time and time again, and still no results—we can’t find out everything, but we’ll die trying. 'Keep the column alive folks, do your part and we’ll do ours. Do your darnedest, everybody, and let’s make our Bold and Black GOOD! New B&B Ed. P. S. If you have any kicks coming about this column, let’s hear them—we’ll print them too. Photography Exhibit Entries Due May 18 Entries in the All University Photography Exhibit from May 20 to 27 in the Student Union Building must be turned in at the Union office before May 18. The exhibit is being sponsored by the Camera Club add is open to the entire campus, both students and faculty. Purpose of the contest is to stimulate interest in organized photography by giving every one a chance to exhibit his wares. Competition will be divided into two classes, student and faculty, and these in turn are subdivided into four main divisions: portraits, landscapes, still life, and miscellaneous. Prizes of photographic equipment will be given to those winning and receiving honorable mention. Anyone interested in entering may obtain entrance blanks at the Union office.
“No, m^’am, you can’t help today—^I’m too busy!” Radio Club To Hold Picnic Students Capture Sickle
According to an announcement by George Adams, newly elected president, the radio club is planning a picnic to complete its season
of activity.
Members will convene at the Electrical Engineering Building at 6:30 p. m. Tuesday, May 16, and leave for the picnic ground, where a treasure hunt will be held, followed by other entertainment. Those interested in attending should see the notice in this issue.
At Annual Agronomy Picnic Students triumphed yesterday at the annual Agronomy Picnic when they were awarded the traditional Sickle for scoring the greatest ntimber of points in the games between
faculty and students.
The picnic was held at the Soils and Crops Farm grove, starting at 2:30 yesterday afternoon. An entertainment committee, composed of faculty, research workers, and students were responsible for the student versus faculty games.
STARTS TODAY TWO FIRST RUN HITS
COME ALONG... SWING ALONG WITH GRACIE!
— PLUS —
Pulsing Drama of a Little Big House! BOYS TAKING THE CHANCE FOR A NEW START IN LIFE BOYS' REFORMATORY with Frankie Darro — Grant Withers
The actress whose blazing genius has set the world afire can now be seen in her most soulstirring role ... as a courageous woman who finds the glorious victory we all seek— in defeat!
with GEORGE BRENT HUMPHREY BOGART
DaviM MPark THC 5(N«ST FICTUIte ^ \ Geraldine Fitzgerald XjgN, Cora Witherspoon Ronald Reagan Henry Travers Oi/rciK/ii)'Edmund Gouldinq Njf' a WAnNERBHoe.p«»tn*i/K»»
HmNem Stam todayV
9' // *
0 Sunday^Moy 14* 1939
THE PUBDUE
SpOijtA.
EXPONENT
%
■-m
Trackmen Capture Fifth Cotton Carnival Meet
Varsity Sports Teams Face Week Of Nine Intercollegiate Contests
Tennis, Track, Golf, Baseball Squads Will Compete As Season Nears Close As the close of the spring baseball, track, tennis and golf seasons approach. Boilermaker representatives in these sports will engage in nine contests this week, four at home and five abroad. Leading the contests in importance will be the Big Ten outdoor track championships at the University of Michigan on Friday and Saturday and the two diamond battles with Illinois on the same days. "
League Standings NATIONAL LEAGUE
Won
Lost
Pet.
St. Louis
11
8
.679
Boston
11
9
.660
Cincinnati
11
9
.550
Chicago
11
10
.624
Brooklyn
10
10
.600
Philadelphia ..
10
11
.460
New York
9
12
.429
Pittsburgh
8
11
.421
Monday, both the golf and tennis squads will meet out-of town foes. The linksmen, under the leadership of Captain John David, will meet Chicago on the West Side course. Meeting DePauw in a postponed match, the tennis squad will open its hostilities before taking to the road later in the week. Notre Dame Here The Riveter baseball team will attempt to even up its series with Notre Dame here on Tuesday afternoon. Coach Fehring’s boys, now leading the Big Ten, were unable to find their batting eyes against the Irish pitcher Norvall Hunthausen, but are hopeful of their attempts in the return match. Starting on their trip Thursctay, when they meet Michigan at Ann Arbor, Purdue’s netters, coached by Larry LaBree, will continue by engaging Western Illinois State Teachers on Friday. Although Coach Hermon Phillips doesn’t expect a championship for the Boilermaker forces at the Big Ten meet at Ann Arbor, Mich., Friday and Saturday, he does expect his trackmen to make a good showing, especially with all the talent that they are displaying in practice. Forest Weber’s great improvement during and following the Illinois meet was revealed when he set a 49 foot, 9 inch mark in practice recently. Fisher, Shackleton Dan Fisher’s startling rise in the quarter-mile field has helped make Purdue’s mile relay quartet a distinct threat in Big Ten competition.
Fisher turned in a 49.8 quarter in his first collegiate race and defeated “Red” Shackleton, Riveter star quarter-miler. Shackleton turned around in his next race and clipped three-tenths of a second off the Stadium record to defeat his transplanted basketball forward rival in a tight battle with Illinois. Low and high hurdle events have a capable Boilermaker representative in the person of Steve Gutting, who raced Gedeon, Michigan star, to a blanket finish in the indoor championships and defeated the Wolverine star in the Butler Relays. Captain Art Bodeau and Ed Holderman will double up in the mile and half mile events. Bodeau, Big Ten indoor half mile champ, is expected to repeat in the outdoor contest while Holderman has been showing increasing promise in practice and won his event in the Cotton Carnival. The baseball team will enter Big Ten competition again when it engages Illinois Friday and Saturday in a critical series for the title. The Champaign contests may determine the, Western Conference champions. In the iinal sports event of the week, Coach Allspaw’s linksmen will meet Ohio State in a Big Ten golf match here Saturday afternoon. Track Friday—Big Ten championships. Saturday—Big Ten championships. Baseball Tuesday—Notre Dame here. Friday—At Illinois.
Yesterday’s Results Cincinnati, 2; St. Louis, 1. Boston, 5; Brooklyn, 3. Chicago, 6; Pittsburgh, 2. Philadelphia-New York (rain). AMERICAN LEAGUE
Won
Lost
Pet.
New York
. 13
6
.722
Boston
10
5
.667
Chicago
13
8
.619
Cleveland
10
10
.500
St. Louis
.. 9
11
.450
Washington
8
10
.444
Philadelphia
6
12
.333
Detroit
7
15
.318
Yesterday’s Results
Cleveland,
5; Chicago,
2.
St. Louis,
5; Detroit,
3.
New York-Philadelphia (rain). Boston-Washington (rain). Sophomores Capture Field Meet At Forestry Picnic The Forestry Club’s annual Field Day, held yesterday afternoon at Ross Camp, saw the sophomores capturing the field meet. By reason of this success, the sophomores won the privilege of placing their class numerals on the field day placciue. Saturday—At Illinois.
Golf
Monday—Chicago here. Saturday—Ohio State here. Tennis Monday—^DePauw here. Thursday—At Michigan. Friday—At Western State.
Turn Your ASSETS Into CASH Use THE Purdue Exponent CLASSIFIED SERVICE Business Phone — 5038
Boilermaker Tennis Win Four Firsts, Two Seconds, One Fourth; Team Loses Matches Score 27 Points; Edge Out Illinois By Point T III* ■ AL" i Boilermaker trackmen stole the show at the fifth annual CotlO IlllllOISf UlliO M3t6 Carnival track meet at Memphis, Tenn., Friciay, before
3,500 spectators, winning four first places, taking two seconds, and registering one fourth place for a total of 27 points to give them the 1939 Cotton Carnival championship and a beautiful trophy upon which will be engraved the names of the Purdue
trackmen who accounted for the victory. « One point behind the Boilermak-
Champaign, 111, May 13.—(Special —Despite the strong opposition furnished by George Alexander, Purdue’s tennis squad was defeated twice yesterday in the three-cor-nered Big Ten encounter with Illinois and Ohio State. The Boilermakers lost 7-0 to Ohio State in the morning, arid in the afternoon fell beneath the blows of Illini netmen
6-1.
Alexander lost to Steinman of Ohio State in the first match of the morning, only after he won the first set and had drawn his second two sets into extra games. His score was 6-2, 9-11, 13-16. In the second game of the morning in which a Riveter man won one set, Dave Blitz lost to Drooyan of the Buckeyes, 3-6, 6-2, 6-0. Herb Fuente lost his singles match to Mechir by a score of 6-4, 6-3, while Charley Mann also lost m two sets to Harviecht, ^-3, 6-3. Jim Hebbeler was beaten 6-1, 6-2 by Ohio man Rosenthal, and Tom Jackson lost the last singles match of the morning to Lewis of the Columbus team, 6-3, 6-S. In the only doubles match of the morning’s competition. Blitz and Hebbeler were defeated by Drooyan and Rosenthal in two sets, 6-3, 6-1. In the afternoon meet Alexander exerted tremendous efforts and won the only Boilermaker match of the afternoon when he overwhelmed Chanowitz, Illinois man in three sets 8-6, 3-6, 6-2. Blitz carried K. Johnson to three sets of 6-4, 4-6, 6-2 before admitting defeat. Hebbeler lost to Crain 6-4, 6-0 in thfe third singles match and Mann was defeated by Mioduski of the Illini 6-3, 7-5. Tom Jackson, last Purdue man, lost to Dean, 6-1, 6-3. Mann and Alexander were impotent before the blows of Johnson and Mioduski, first Illini doubles squad and lost, 6-0, 6-1. Blitz and Hebbeler lost the second doubles match of the afternoon, 6-3, 6-0, to end the series of matches between the four schools. While the Boilermakers engaged Ohio State in the morning matches, Illinois defeated Indiana, 7-2. For the afternoon play, Ohio State outplayed Indiana 8-1. Paul Feucht, ME '23 Paul E. Feucht, ME ’23, has been appointed general superintendent of the Pennsylvania Railroad’s Southwestern division, according to an announcement made recently by H. E. Newcomet, Pennsylvania vicepresident.
(^hoiaL By Robert J. Deckard
It's strange stuff—sports. It’s insignificant, yet tremendtous. It burns with the heat of molten steel, sputters and then grows with commonness. It pits brain and brawn and stamina of man against man, men against men. It is fury and it is trivia. —^fc— It’s fascinating stuff—sports. It draws likfe a magnet. It sucks the strong to participation, the hasbeen, the Milquetoasts, the secondraters to spectation, and saps all to enervation. Eternally it holds in easy hand its subjects. There is another season, another sensation, another fight, another star. They rise and slump with same surety of gauge on the glory of the game. —^fc— / It’s vicious stuff—sports. It’s seamy side is wicked, ugly, but like the city from a bird’s eye, its back streets are beauteous. It has its pettiness, its rackets, its small time, its business, its main. But these tributaries ne’er long detour from the mother channel—^the channel that fixedly, unerringly sets the guage on the glory of the game. —^fc— It’s memory stuff—sports. It’s small, inconsequential, but enduring. There are things more momentous, more scintillating. A new building, a broader curricula, a greater force of faculty are more important, .probably more worthwhile. —^fc— Nevertheless, we RJD, are taking over the reins of Fielder’s Choice, an athletic pot-pourri which was turned out by Bruce Witwer this last year. Look it over this next year, both .bruise and balm. We hope it will be blended in its extremes ’til tempered. —^fc—
It’s meaty stuffFielders Choice.
-sports and even
West Side Office 132 Vine St. Phone 7278 k-NOW for pick-up.
American has the Service You Need
Spotless Laundering Distinctive Dry-Cleaning It is time Now to get out those summer washable suits and dresses and have them all fresh and clean for the early sun-shine days. So send them in now and have them all in first-class shape.
Phone 3085
American! Dependable Dry Cleaners
ers was the University of Illinois, while the University of Oklahoma finished in third place with 19 tallies. Alabama, in fourth place, had 17 points. Steve Gutting, Red Shackleton, Ed Holderman, and Jake Weber all finished first in their specialties. Gutting led the field in the high hurdles. Shackleton added five more points in the 440 yard dash, Holderman led the field in the mile run, and Weber was the winner in the shot put. Other places for the Boilermakers were seconds in the mile and half-mile relays and Clevett’s fourth in the two-mile run. Simmons, Bodeau, Wadleigh and Luther ran the half mile relay for the Riveters, finishing a close second, while Luther, Fisher, Simmons, and Shackleton ran the mile relay, also coming in second. Ed Holderman, in winning the mile, set a mark of 4:16.9 and also crossed the finish line ahead of Tommy Deckard, former Indiana University star. Ed’s mark is a new record for Purdue. Tommy Daniels was third. Red Shackleton swept around the 440 yard stretch in 50 seconds flat to win that event. Gutting set a new unofficikl record for Purdue in high hurdles, 14.6, but it will not go into the books as it was made in a heat in which the Boilermaker hurdler was defeated. R. V. Wright of Oklahoma A and M., set a mark of 14.5 in that race, but lost in the final to Gutting. In the low hurdles Gutting won his heat, but failed to get a pl^ce in the finals as he was not amo^g the four fastest in the heats. Art Bodeau did not finish the half-mile. In an early mixup he was spiked and forced out of the running. Five records were set during the meet. Perrin Walker set a 9.8 mark in the 100-yard dash; Bill Haviland, of Illinois, tossed the discus 153 feet, nine inches; R. V. Wright ran the low hurdles in 14.6; Wilburn Young of Vanderbilt and Hal Standley of Alabama each attained a mark of 197 feet, 11 inches in the javelin; and Kelly Horn of Alabama and Bob Diefenthaler of Hlinois crossed the high jump bar at 6 feet, 4 and one-half inches. This year, for the first time, the Boilermakers had a team entered in the meet. In the past it has been the custom to send a few freshmen to the meet. Last year the meet was won by Indiana. Four Purdue men scored a total of nine points. Ed Holderman and Forest Weber who won their events this year, each took a fourth place last year. Other scorers were Ted TycocM, first in the broad jump, and Fred Verink, a third in that same event. In a special race during the meet Gene Fenske, star Wisconsin longdistance runner, outran Archie San Romani, Glenn Ctmningham, Don Lash, and Billy Southworth in that order in the mile run. Fenske’s margin of victory was no more than a yard, his time being 4:11.6, onetenth of a second slower than the meet record. Lash later beat Deckard, also of Indiana, in the two-mile event. The only dual winner was Walker of Oglethorpe, taking both the 100 and 220 yard dashes, / BASEBALL STANDINGS
, W L PURDUE 5 2 Iowa 5 2 Michigan 4 2 Indiana 6 3 Northwestern 5 3 Minnesota 4 4 Illinois 3 5 Wisconsin 2 4 Chicago 2 ♦ 6 Ohio State 2 6 Yesterday’s Scores Minnesota, 11; Chicago, 4. Michigan, 11; Indiana, 1. Northwestern, 9; Illinois, 2. Ohio State, 6; Purdue, 5.
Pet. .714 .714 .667 .626 .626 .600 .376 .333 .260 .250News Week • Fire Destroys Five Granaries In South Chicago; Eight Killed. • Mexico Unfriendly Toward New Nicaraguan Canal Plan. • Indiana Miners Go Back To Work Tomorro)y After Long Strike. • Senate Bill Favors Popular Vote On War On European Soil. NATIONAL
Fire...
... swept five grain elevators on Chicago’s South Side Friday in the worst fire that the lake city had seen in five years. Eight men were trapped and killed in the burning elevators. Property damage is estimated to have exceeded $3,000,000. An explosion, believed to have been caused by dust, touched off the blaze in the heart of the city’s largest granary district.
Ceneral Somoza ...
. . . President of Nicaragua, acted as tsand in for the king and queen of England when he visited Washington this week. The reception he received was precisely the same as will be accorded King George and Queen Elizabeth when they visit the
capital next month. ^
rights in behalf of all mine workers.
WASHINGTON
(
The idea that it was a dress rehearsal for that occasion did not diminish the fact that it came first, and that it was a friendly gesture intended to honor the Nicaraguan president. Somoza will visit the University in the near future. FOUilGN Brilish-Turkish Pact ... . . . thoroughly aroused Germany this week. “The agreement is a precipitant, provisional declaration which must give the world the impression that an outbreak of war is just a question of days,” stated the DNB, German official news agency, in ridiculing the pact. “Guard Peace” . . . . . . pleaded the Duke of Windsor at Verdun, France. With his voice reaching over 400,000,000 persons, the duke spoke “simply as a soldier of the last war.” Directed principally to the United States, his short 10 minute speech, officialy barred from Great Britain and Canada, was rebroadcast to both countries from the United States. Japanese . . . . . . warplanes unexpectedly raided Chungking, provisional capital of China this week. Japanese officials charged that the slaying of the Chinese president of the Amoy Chamber of Commerce had not been sufficiently investigated. Mexico . . . . . . does not completely approve of the “good neighbor” stand taken by the United States. Representative Tinkham’s bill, introduced in January, providing for the construction of an inter-ocean ship’s canal connecting the Atlantic and Pacific across Nicaragua has met with the stern disapproval of the Mexican press. One of the two most important papers in the Mexican capital ran this banner: “Fantastic Project; An American Canal in Mexican Soil.” Chamberlain... . . . Great Britain’s Prime Minister, reaffirmed the Polish protective agreement this week. Said Neville, “Britain’s assurances to Poland— to aid in resisting any vital attack on her independence—are clear and precise.” Leon Blum... . . . socialist and former premier of France, announced there was only one real danger of war in Europe, that was “If the impression should get about that Great Britain and France were not in earnest and could not be relied upon to carry out their promises.” BUSINESS 5,000 Mine Workers .. . . . . will have resumed their jobs in Indiana coal mines by tomorrow, following a lay-off since May 4th. Mines were closed by John L. Lewis, international president of the United Mine Workers of America, and could not be reopened until negotiations had been completed for a new two year contract late this week. The new Terre Haute agreement provided for a daily wage of $6,66 in shaft, and $6 in strip mines. The five day, 36 hour week was unchanged. However, the new agreement included an additional clause giving the United Mine Workers organization exclusive bargaining
“THK void or PURDUK**
—^Tomorrow— 11:00—Prof. Robert Phillips, American Institutions. 11:60—Purdue News Plashes. 12:00—Agricultural Forum. 12:16—Sports Review, 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:46—Market Reports. 1:00—Town Crier. 1:16—Monitor Views the News. 1:30—Story Time. 1:46—Mai-y LaPlante Yundt, soprano. 2:00—Magic Carpet. 2:30—Foods, Facts, Fancies. 3:00—Concert Review. 4:00---Melody Moods, 4:30—Bette McClean, soprano. 4:45—Story Book Hour.
A PrevieWf Mothers
Another Reorganization . . .
. . . plan was submitted to Capitol Hill legislators last Tuesday by President Roosevelt, The plan is to save $1,250,000 annually by the transfer, regrouping, or abolishing nearly a score of Federal agencies.
The changes will automatically
go into effect if, within the next 60 days, neither house of Congress specifically disapproves of them or adjourns. It was the second' reorganization plan recently submitted to
Congress by the President.
At His Weekly . . .
. . . press conference, President Roosevelt announced that the treasury department would present suggestions for alterations in the corporate tax structure to Congress this week, but also said that there should be no reduction in the total
revenues provided.
The changes in the tax set up were left entirely to the Congress American People . . . .. . must give their consent, by referendum, before American tj-oops may be sent to foreign shores for war, according to the contents of the bill proposed by Senator LaFollette (Prog. Wis.) in the United States Senate, Wednesday, in an effort to “keep America out of the foreign wars.” The bill is being heard before a judiciary sub-com-
mittee.
More than 20 years ago Senator LaFollette’s father filibustered for hours, trying to keep America out of the World War. The LaFollette bill is very similar to the Ludlow amendment that was defeated in the House last year. ASCE Will Banquet In Union Thursday Members of the University chapter of the American Society of Civil Engineers will hold their annual banquet Thursday evening. May 18, at 6:30 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. After the dinner, a joint meeting with the Indiana Section of the ASCE will be held and officers for the coming year will be elected. The presentation of junior memberships in the Indiana Section to two members of the class in civil engineering will be made. The evening’s program will be completed with a skit prepared by the senior class. Tickets for the banquet may be procured from student officers of the ASCE.
WBAA
Mother, here is the finished Music Hall, which today is merely a skeleton of steel and rivets. It is scheduled to be finished by January 1, 1940. If we have rain a year from today, you’ll be able to hear the All-Campus Sing here.
Mothers Attend Final Riveter Nine --
Playshop Production In Eliza Fowler Hall
(Continued from page 1)
Playshop presented a special Mother’s Day performance of “Journey’s End” to a capacity crowd in Fowler Hall last night. Approximately 60 per cent of the audience were mothers. “It makes you refiiember things you would" like to forget,” commented one mother during the show. A number of the mothers present last night were in school during the war and well remember the less pleasant happenings of that period. The play, by R. C. Sherriff, deals with the reactions of five British officers in the front lines just before a big attack—Stanhope, the young captain who drinks to forget, Lt. Osborne, his understanding second in command, Lt. Raleigh, just out from England, who idolizes Stanhope, Lt. Hibbert a shirker who tries to go down sick, and Lt. Trotter, a rather likable chap, who lacks sufficient imagination to become emotionally aroused. Cast of the play in order of their appearance is as follows: Captain Hardy . . Barney Teeter Lt. Osborne Fred Ahrens Private Mason ... Dick Coleman 2nd Lt. Raleigh .... Dave MacMillan Captain Stanhope .. Benton Burns 2nd Lt. Hibbert Charles Hart Company Sgt.-Maj Bob Hettema Colonel Jack Armitage 2nd Lt. Trotter .... Seymour Udell German Soldier Joe Martin Production was directed by John E. Dietrich and staged by Jack W. Miller. This is the last Playshop production of the current year. Religious Group To Enact Latest Production Tonight The Roger Williams Club will present “The Mother of the Artist” by Delle Oglesbee as their production tonight. It will be staged at 6:30 p. m. in the Cynthia Jones Hall of the West Lafayette Baptist Church. The characters are: Mrs. Ruppel, Phyllis Horton; Nick, Ross Livesay; Mrs. Novak, Eileen Baker; Mr. Murphy,. Dave Nelson; Lorraine, Mary Bailey; Jack Horowitz, Arthur Keppler; Officer, Don Hall, Jr.
Cimssified Mds
HISCHLLANBOUS
REDUCED summer rates. Shower, singrie beds, large rooms. Across from Union. 166 N. Grant St.
Wesley Foundation: Star service will be held Sunday, May 14, at 8:80 p. m. Professor Todd Will lead. Social hour will be at 6:80 in the form of a picnic. Mo regular Epworth League will be held. —BROWN.
Exponent Editorial Staff: See bulletin board in the Exponent office for next week schedules. —FRED.
Scrivener: Meeting Sunday, May 14, at 7:30 p. m. in room 2 of the Union. Compulsory for pledges. —MUNRO.
Exponent Editorial Staff: Meeting at 7 p. m. Tuesday, May 16, of all freshmen who have signed up sometime this year to work on the Exponent editorial staff. Those who can’t attend at this time see me Monday or Tuesday after 4 p. m. in the editor’s office. . —FRED.
PIA Dance Class: All former and present dancing class members are invited to a final dance class to be held in the Memorial Gym on Monday, May 15, from 7:80 to 10 P. m. , —WELLS.
Scrivener: Meeting Sunday, May 14, at 7:8Q p. m. in room 2 of the Union. Compulsory for pledges. —MUNRO.
Purdue Flying Club: All dance tickets must be handed in by Tuesday, May 16, if you want your grades this semester. Dupps will be in the Union lounge Tuesday from 7 p. m. to 8:30 p. m. to receive tickets. —CHEVEDDEN.
Newman Club: J&iection meeting Sunday, May 14, after the 8 o’clock mass. Membership cards must be presented for voting. —KASSER.
Playshop Workers: All active workers of of the past season should check bulletin board in Fowler Hall for list of new members. Any person whose name has been omitted should check with Naomi Abel before noon Wednesday, May 17, so that the proper arrangements may be made prior to the annual Stage, Stump and Studio banquet. (6-17) —^ABEL. Advanced Military: The following cadet officers report to Room 201 of the Armory at 4 p. m. Monday, May 15 for instructions for Graduation Reviews May 16 and 18: Hannas, Rudolph, Treece, Levin, Lownie, Oyler, White, Zimmer, Hall, R. E., Tomaszewski, Hirchert, Witwer, L. E. Keck, and Forkner. Juniors: Kolb, Houston, Hebbeler, Hobbs, Knight, Hotler, Moller, Eilering, Lyles, Hoffman, Nevin, Houser, Counterman, and Schooly. —PICKERING.
Radio Club: Picnic and treasure hunt, Tuesday, May 16. Leave EE Building at 6:30 p. m. Free to “hams” and members —26 cents to all others. Those planning to attend phone Adams, 8421, or me at-'66102 by Monday evening. —PATTERSON.
All Student Bowlers: Interested in bowling for the University singles championship should sign up at the alleys in the Union Building before Tuesday evening. May 16. All entrants will bowl 8 games and the entrant making the most points will be declared the winner. All games must be rolled on Wednesday or Thursday, May 17 and 18. —MACKEY.
base, but since there was a man on second and in a similar situation the day before he was allowed only one base because he had been “looked” back to the bag, players protested at the umpires permitting the runner to score. The decision was reversed again, but ultimately was settledjwith the runner in and the
hitter on second.
A freak play in the sixth prevented the Boilermakers from being able to score. Hearne smacked a hard hit ball to the Buck third sacker with men on second and third and the ball bounced off the fielder, bounced around, and was finally recovered, but Lyboult, on third,” was unable to score and Hearne was credited with a hit although neither
man advanced.
Three University Seniors Will Join Armstrong Staff Three University senior students will join the staff of the Armstrong Cork Co., Pittsburgh, Pa., following their graduation this June, according to an announcement received here recently from John H. Evans, Jr., personnel manager of the company. They are: M. R. Hammer, T .D. Cabonargi, and R. C. Zimmer, all mechanical engineers. Zimmer and Hammer will join the engineering department, and Cabonargi will be employed in the building materials division.
All Students: Those whose course of study calls for electives during the school year 1939-40 must make a choice before the end of this semester. This applies to all present juniors, present sophomores except in forestry, chemical, metallurgical, mechanical, and public service engineering, and engi-neering-law. Offices of the heads of the schools and registrar have plans of study. These students should consult the Dean or head of his school at an early date. Those contemplating a change of schools are advised to file application before the end of the present semester. —STONE.
Tau Beta Pi: Paper weights are available for all actives. See me at the Triangle House. (6-14) —WITWER, Prom Ticket Holders: Those who wish their money refunded must turn ticket stubs in at the cashieir’s office by Wednesday, May 17, at 4 p. m. —BURNS.
WAA Archery: All girls in WAA archery must have at least three rounds in by Monday, May 16. There |Will be practice every evening at four this week. —MOREHOUSE.
PIA Board: Meeting Tuesday, May 16, at 7 p. m. in PIA office. —HINSHAW.
Senior Military: A representative from the Associated Military Stores will be in the supply room all day Tuesday, May 16, with samples, for the purpose of taking measurements and orders for ORC equipment. This equipment will be delivered to the supply room in approximately two weeks. —FAULCONER.
Wesley Foundation: Annual Star Service Sunday, May 14, at 8:30 p. m. at the Stadium. Prof. Todd will talk. —McFADDEN.
SAE Members; All memuers planning to go on the SAE picnic Wednesday, May 17, consult SAE bulletin board in auto lab. immediately. —HERR.
Wesley Foundation: Mothers’ Day breakfast at the Foundation House at 8 a. _m. Sunday, May 14. You are invited to bring your mother. Tickets lOe. —McFADDEN.
Reamers: Picnic Monday, May 16, at Ross Camp. Price is 60 cents. Meet at the east door of the Union at 6 p. m. -HOFFMAN.
Christian Science Organization: The reglar meeting will be held Tuesday, May 16, at 7:30 p. m. in room C of the Union. —MACK.
SAE Memoers: ’I'hose members of the recent inspection trip visiting the Perfect Circle Co. should call for their copy of “How to Double the Life of Your Car,” now available in Professor Jacklin’s office. (6-14) —HERR. Independent Athletes: Reamer Clnh trophy will be awarded to the Independent Athletes with the high number of major, minor, and intramural points gained throughout the year. Anyone interested in being considered for the award should turn in his points in accordance to the rules pdsted in the Intramural office in the Fieldhouse. (6-20) —MIDDLETON.
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St.
ROOMS FOR RENT WANTED on August 16th, three or four room unfurnished apartment in West Lafayette. Cali 6262.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—^Billfold'on Intramural Field Friday. Keep money. Return billfold and other contents to Joe Smith. Phone 66163.
the Purdlue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
e Professional
"DIAC" Everythlno for ■ College Education H. G. REiSNER
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST n9</!t Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
e Jewelers
The Riak Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISKr-e.n.S. Schultz auttehM 4h and Main niona 5791
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHAAAKER Thi« to eN we do, but we tt weN. Opposite Port Omee Wallace Bledi 322 Parry St.
e Play Golf
e Printing
SPECIAL SALE OF GOLF CLUBS AND BAGS AT ABOUT HALF PRICE At the Pro Shop at the Driving Range LINEE'S FIELDS Ask for William Philpot, Pro, and get properly fitted with clubs at a great savings.
HRINTING Office Siatloneiy , . O H Wedding Invitations PHONE ■ Sale. Books, Etc.... 2 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408 FERRY
Doc
Welcomes All Mothers When your Mother comes to Purdue be sure and show her the campus. She will be as proud of the new buildings as you. To assure you and your Mother a safe drive have your car checked at "Doc's". Why worry "Mom" with car trouble. PETER ANDERSON GARAGE
24 Hour Service 525 Alabama Street
After You We Come First Phone 4048
1