)l
U'j
,ji ' ^ ^Y<
It ^ ,
‘ • «■,>“>'■<> f r -
<,\ w
Purdue
Z-185
Volume 5L No. 101
I Exponent
Sunday, February 4 1940
A Week Of War
By J. H. McKee
Cornered With Conflicting Demands From ... Germany and the Allies regarding” her oil fields, Roumania called on her Balkan entente neighbors, Greece, Turkey, and Yugoslavia, for a pledge of immediate assistjance in the event of military action from either Germany or Russia, but the pledge of support was not forthcoming. As a counter move the Roumanian government announced that they might be forced to seek agreements with the two threatening countries. Delegates to the entente meeting announced formally that there would be no change in the entente at present. But it was decided that economic contact between the four Balkan countries would be enlarged, and that they would attempt to maintain their economic relations with belligerent nations on a prewar basis. The British and French govern- ■
ments had announced that they would be forced to withdraw their promise “to protect Roumanian integrity” if she fulfilled Germany’s demands for an increase in oil shipments. Last week Professor Gheron Netta, head of the Roumanian Economic Institute, was appointed oil “dictator,” to attempt to fulfill the promise of 1,660,000 tons of oil to Germany during 1940 and at the same time keep the Allied powers mollified. Shipments toi Germany are falling below the daily average necessitated if the promised amount is to be fulfilled. Shortage of rolling stock and coal is greatly hampering shipments.
Finland's President' . . . Kyosti Kallio, in his speech before the last session of the Finnish Parliament last week, said that his country was ready “to negotiate an honorable peace,” but at the same time he appealed to the world to aid the north Europe republic in its war against the “military force of the Soviet Union.” He termed the Russo-Finnish war a “senseless, barbarous attack” by Russia. The most important need of Finland at the moment was planes, Kallio said. (It was reported during the week that 11 American built planes had reached Bergen, Norway, enroute to Finland.) In conclusion the president thanked Sweden and the League of Nations “which have helped us in many ways.” Prime Minisfer . . ..Neville Chambeilain rejected a plan, proposed by Sir Herbert Morrison, that the war cabinet include a minister of economics. In what seemed to be a statement in defense of himself as prime minister, Chamberlain said, “It seems to me that a minister who would be dictator over all economic departments would change the position of the prime minister, and I do not ^ee what the prime minister would have left to do after this man had given his orders to all departments.” Actual Fighting . . . continued unabated in Finland, as Russian troops failed daily to break the Mannerheim defenses. Soviet bombers made direct hits on a Red Cross hospital near the Karelian Isthmus early in the week, killing 23 of the 30 persons in the building. Towns in southern Finland continued to bear the brunt of the air attacks. Finnish planes successfully bombed a “certain Rus'sian harbor and vessels lying there.” The harbor was believed to have been Kronstadt, near Leningrad. General Sayio . . . chief of Finland’s Civil Air Defense, announced last week that, since the start of the Russo-Finnish war the 30th of November last, 300 Russian planes had been shot down, and probably 800 Soviet fliers had been killed. Over 400 civilians have been killed by Soviet bombs in 207 localities, all outside the war zones. Twenty-four hospitals and churches have been bombed since the start of the war. Vital Shipping . . . statistics for the past week show that 32 ships, belligerent and neutral, were reported sunk, representing 63,000 tons. With 148 persons listed as “missing and believed
dead,” 293 crew members and passengers were known dead. The 32 ships brought the war’s total to 344 in the 21 weeks of fighting, over 1,119,000 tons having been sent to
the bottom.
The Exiled Polish . . . government in Paris the past week issued a memorandum charg^ ing the German government with the execution of 18,000 Polish leaders and members of the Catholic church. In the town of Bydgoszcz, 136 high school students were executed, many of them were between 12 and 13 years of age. Ex-Kaiser Wilhelm II . . . celebrated his 81st birthday, exiled from his native land, with what seemed^to be a World War II engulfing his country. Twenty-five years o ago the then Kaiser celebrated his birthday with his troops. Members of the Hohenzollern family residing in Germany were unable to attend the quiet celebration in the snow-covered Doom castle. Nazi Germany took no official notice of the former German leader’s anniversary, but used the day to celebrate the birthday of his great-great-granduncle Fredrick II, 228
years previous.
WRH Staff Invites \ Students, Faculty To Inspect Halls All students and faculty members and their families are invited to the open house to be held by the Women’s Residence Hall staff and student residents today from 3 to 5 p. m. Guides and hostesi^es will be present to show the guests each of the three halls. West Hall, the largest and the most recently completed of the halls, will be open for general inspection for the first time. Refreshments will be served in,the North and South Hall dining rooms. The tours of the Halls have been planned to include representative parts, such as the kitchens, and all student and faculty rooips. Special points of interest to the public will be the leisure time libraries, paintings, and pottery that have been donated to the Residence Halls. Agriculture Staff Hears Pres. Elliott On Honesty Speaking before the members of the ag staff in the west faculty lounge of the Union Friday night. President E. C. Elliott discussed the elements of the program of honesty as practiced by the University. He stressed the fact that the student should realize that instruction is a co-operative process, but dealt primarily with the subject from the viewpoint of the instructors. According to Elliott the three essential qualities of a good instructor are complete and confident control of teaching materials, clear conception of what the student should know, and an understanding of the difficulties faced by the student. Preparation and repreparation of every phase of the subject is the only means by which one may hope to succeed as an instructor was the point emphasized in the address.
Co-eds Bid
For Pan-Hellenic Dates
An orchid in your hair, the man of the moment at your side, and the music of Bob Zurke—so reads the formula for the year’s most glamorous co-ed bid dance, the Pen-Hel-lenic Ball. On Friday night, February 16, the Greek letter gills will take over the Union Ballroom for this annual dance sponsored by the national sororities on the campus. Tickets may be purchased at any of the sorority houses, and attendance at the dance is limited to active and alumnae members of national sororities. The young man who will furnish the downbeat for the evening. Bob Zurke, is a real Detroiter—^born in Detroit, started his career in Detroit, met his girl friend in Detroit,
Luncheon Dance Time Announces Schedule WBAA’s noontime popular music piogram, “Luncheon Dance Time,” will feature transcriptions made on the campus this past week of three name bands. The first, that of Tommy Dorsey’s orchestra, made at the opening of the Union addition Wednesday evening; the second, that made of Boyd Rayburn at the Miami Triad Friday night; and the third, also made Friday night, that of Tiny Hill’s orchestra as he played for the Northwestern Triad. Following is the Luncheon Dance Schedule for the whole week; Monday—Tommy Dorsey’s Orchestra, transcription Tuesday—Boyd Rayburn’s Orchestra, transcription Wednesday—’All Request Day Thursday—^Tiny Hill’s Orchestra, transcription Friday—Stories in Song-records Saturday—All Request Day. /
was married in Deti’oit, and even bought his fancy automobile in Detroit. Mr. Zurke made his first concert appearance at the tender age of five. He is known as an AllAmerican piano player, and still practices three hours a day. He receives hundreds of fan letters every week, and is very anxious that they all get answered. Mary Jane Carr, chairman of the dance, ha« announced that the leap year theme will be carried out in the programs and decorations to be used. Girls who are members of national sororities on other campuses may buy tickets to the dance from members of the Pan-Hellenic council or at the ballroom on jthe evening of the dance.
Educators Meet On Campus For First Teacher's Institute Highlight of the Ten-County Teacher’s Institute held on the campus yesterday was the noon luncheon at which Morris E. McCarty, superintendent of Lafayette schools, presided as toastmaster, and President E. C. Elliott was the main speaker. The Institute, the first of its kind to be held in this district, was^ attended by approximately 11 hundred teachers and school administrators from ten counties in northwestern Indiana. Problems and Possibilities Held under the direction of the division of education and applied psychology, the Institute’s program covered educational problems and possibilities. During the morning’s general sessioi?, the teachers heard Dr. J. A. Harris, of the College of the City of New York, outline the use of remedial reading, while Dr. Anderson, of Cornell University, President of the National Council for Social Studies, spoke on the place of social studies in American education. In the concluding address of the morning. Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the division of education and applied psychology, discussed various phases of education and the opportunities for professional improvement and leadership. • Afternoon Program The afternoon was devoted to a series of 13 different group discussions taking up in detail particular problems of educational procedure. Among the topics covered in the various group meetings were home economics, agriculture, physical education, science, English and speech, mathematics, social studies, industrial arts, music, art, commerce, remedial reading, and remedial speech work. Counties co-operating in the combined Institute included Benton, Cass, Carroll, Clinton, Fountain, Howard, Jasper, Montgomery, Newton, Tippecanoe, and Warren. Greek Eds To Stage Annual Ball Friday South Union Ballroom will be the scene of the first formal ball of the second semester next Friday evening when Greek-letter fraternities on the campus will send their members and dates to the annual Interfraternity Presidents Ball to dance to the music of “Radio’s cheerful little earful” in the person of Little Jack "Little and his orchestra. Featured vocalist with the band will be Kathleen Quin. Tickets for the ball may be obtained from fraternity presidents for $2 per couple. Preceding the dance will be a formal banquet to be held in the Union for the dance committee members. Ticket sales will be limited to 400.
Indianapolis Symphony Will Play Here Tuesday Afternoon Program Open To Children, Evening For Students, Townspeople Making their only appearance on the University campus this season, the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra under the direction of Fabien Sevitzky will present two programs in Memorial Gymnasium Tuesday afternoon and night, February 6. The 3 o’clock presentation will be open to children only while the 8 o’clock program will require passports and season tickets for admission.
The orchestra, which made two appearances on the campus last season, played to capacity audiences upon both occasions. Children’s Program The afternoon children’s concert, which is sponsored by the Lafayette unit of the women’s committee of the Indiana State Symphony Society, will open with the national anthem. The “Star Spangled Banner,” will be followed by a varied program of classical and semi-clas-sical music which has been arranged for the special benefit of young listeners. Tickets for this performance are on sale at Southworth’s Book Store and at the McLean Music Company. Students At 8 P. M. The program for students and townspeople at 8 p. m., consisting of fice scheduled numbers, will be entirely classical. Opening with “Benvenuto Cellini” by Berlioz, the first portion of the program will be concluded with Beethoven’s- ever popular “Symphony No. 5.” After the intermission, the three classics, “Nocturnes” by Debussy, “Scherzo” by McCollin, and “Overture Fantasia, Romeo and Juliet” by Tschaikowsky will complete the list of musical selections. ■ ■ J13 Book Exchange Stilt Open, $1,000,500 Books On Hand Having placed more than $2,000 in the hands of students, and nearly $1,000 more waiting for the owners to call for it, the Student Book Exchange has stopped receiving books fiom piospective sellers. The Exchange will continue sales, however, until 5 p. m. Tuesday, February 6. Despite the heavy sales, officials have announced that more than 500 books remain on the shelves of the Exchange office in the Union subbasement. These will be offered for sale on Monday from 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. and on Tuesday from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. Students may determine whether or not then books have been sold by examining the list immediately inside the door of the Book Exchange, if they have been sold, money may be obtained by presenting the respective call slips at the receiving counter.
Complete Electric And Steam Railroad System \ Tours Mechanical Building Attic On Schedule
By Ned Ochiltree Engine 6276 slowly backs down from the coal dock and is coupled onto fifteen cars of freight. Crawling along slowly the train moves through a maze of switches out onto the main line, and then rapidly gathering speed, it heads toward Wolverton. Hurtling along at top speed, the engine enters the Wolvertoii railroad yards. With a crash the Hudson locomotive jumps the track, bounces along the ties, and finally comes to a stop at a pi-ecarious angle. Shucks! Only A Model “Hold it, $ve’re off the iron,” calls a voice, as a hand reaches out to place the engine on the rails, and the Purdue model railroad again resumes operation, as the freight train heads toward Ludy Junction.
Situated in the attic of the Mechanical Engineering building, this model railroad, which resembles the real thing in all respects, has been in operation since 1935. Built accurately to one-sixty-fourth actual size, the road now has 620 feet, or eight scale miles, of track, which has been laid on tables by the members of the club. To the Last Spike Track is accurate in all details, even to the smallest spike. Switches and crossings have been carefully planned and constructed, and some of them are so complicated that they have caused more than one headache for the builders. The complete railroad, which consists of a steam line, both freight and passenger, and “an electric' suburban line, winds through miniature mountains to a big city term-
inal, which is now under construction. Completing the scenery are several bridges and tressles, some of which are used to carry the suburban line over the steam trains. The Hot Rail Cars and locomotives, which are exact copies of their bigger brothers, are the property of the various members. The club has now available 25 freight cars, five units of passenger equipment, three mainline locomotives, and one diesel-elec-tric switcher. All locomotives are powered by electric motors, the current, being picked up from a tiny third rail situated at the side of the regular track. The club, which meets every Saturday afternoon, now consists of fifteen members. They use the first thi-ee Saturdays of the month for construction, while the last is devoted to running the trains. ♦
Thirteenth Conference Of Indiana Canners Convenes Here Feb. 6 Tomato quality improvement, fertilization, and plant diseases are the topics to be discussed at the 13th annual conference of Indiana canners, fieldmen, and medal-win-ning farmers to be held at the University Tuesday and Wednesday. First day’s program, which will be devoted primarily to ca.nners, will consist of discussions by University specialists and representatives of the United States Department of Agriculture and commercial concerns on the relations of various phases of tomato production to the canning industry. Dr. L. M. Sears, of the department of history, economics, and government, will address a “nonaggression” dinner which will be held at noon of the first day. He will speak on “The World Today.” A round table discussion on the problems of the canners and fieldmen will complete the day’s^ program. Presentation of gold, silver, and bronze medals to several hundred of Indiana’s best tomato growers for their records of high yields of quality tomatoes will take place at the annual banquet scheduled for Wednesday evening. Sororities Arrange Special Parties As Rush Opens Today Yesterday afternoon women registered at the Pan-Hellenic desk in the Union lobby as second semester lush got under way. They will be entertained at the various houses this week. Rush opens officially today at noon and will close at midnight Saturday. Many of the sororities have planned novel parties for the entertainment of the co-eds that are going through rush. Tonight Alpha Chi Omega will entertain at a buffet supper at-their house, while Phi Mu, Kappa Alpha Theta, and Alpha Xi Delta are having luncheons during the week. With the nautical motif as the theme of their supper the Delta Gamma Colony will entertain tonight. A sleepless night at a Sleeper Party is planned by the Chi Omega for sometime in the middle of the week. Several of the other sororities have not made definite plans, but informality of luncheons, dinners, coke dates remains the main theme of rush. Handbook By Prof. B. Dodds Published “That All May Learn,” a 263 page handbook by Prof. B, L. Dodds, of the education and applied psychology department, was published as the November, 1939 issue of the National Association of Secondary School Principals Bulletin. The educationally neglected student is described as one to whom appropriate educational facilities are not available, and his characteristics and needs, and ways to improve his opportunities are discussed.
II'<U ^/ ■, I ',#• i
' W'S
v''
■SAff-i i-
ifi:
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday^ February 4, 1940
Chinese Students Receive
Degrees In Engineering
With the close of the firet semester, one Chinese student received his degree of MSEE and seven others graduated with BS degrees in engineering, it was announced at a meeting to honor Chinese graduates and distinguished students in thdf'Chestnut room of the Union Friday night. Five of those graduating will remain to continue their studies here. Out of 20 undergraduate students, nine were qualified to be distinguished. Two new Chinese students have registered to replace those who have left, holding the total at 33, the highest in University history.
Announcements
. . . regarding state scholarships, formerly known as county scholarships, to Purdue, Indiana, and the two state normal schools have been mailed to county and city high school superintendents. The announcement points out that two scholarship winners a year are named from each county to each institution.
Notices
No MticM wUI ba seeaptMl mttm • 9. Bb Reamer Clnb: Next meeting will be held Monday, February 5, in room F of the Union. —^REILEY,
Ooting Clnb: There will be a hike and ice skating party Sunday, February 4, weather permitting. All who are interest^ please call pne of the following immediately, Mar-
jorie Ward, 41111; Marcile Long, 2823; or
Fred Cordua, 86293.
—COKDUA.
PJ.A. Board: There will be a very important meeting Monday, February 6, at 7:30 p. m. Every member must be present. —HINSHAW.
Zonaves: Meeting Monday, February 6. Bring money for keys. —TEETER.
Scrivener Freshmen: All workers on editorial and' business staffs leave new programs in the office, room 380, by 4:30 p. m. Monday, February 6. —STEFFEE.
Debris Photographic Staff: Meeting Monday, February 5, at 4 p. m. in room C of the union. —FREEMAN.
Exponent Sports Staff: Important_ meeting Tuesday, February 6, at 7:30 in the Union office. All freshmen, sophomores, and juniors be there. Bring schedule cards. —JENKINS.
Student Senate Workers: Those working in the Lost and Found department resume their old schedules immediately. If for any reason you can not follow your old schedule report to the office and arrange a new one. (2-4) —MICHELL.
Fraternity Presidents: Please send a replica of your badges to the Union office on or before Wednesday, February 7, for decorations for Interfraternity Ball. —VIEHE.
Lost and Found Workers: Report to office for work. (2-6) —DANIEL.
Student Senate: All members who are eligible for keys should call for them immediately in the Senate office. Please bring 75c. The following may receive keys: R. Obenchain, W. E. Musser, V. Milea, R. C. Springgate, R. Reiley, M. McKee. (2-6) — DANIEL.
WBAA Announcers: Report to station and hand in second semester schedules. — WILLIAMS. (2-5)
WAA Class Volleyball: Practices at 4 p. m. on Monday. February 6, Tuesday, February 6, and Wednesday, February 7. Two practices are required for participation. —MORRIS.
Chemistry 109, 110, 126: All enrolled in these courses turn their schedules in at my office as soon as possible. —ELVING. (2-6)
Purdue Engineer: All sophomore and freshman business staff workers will report to the new Engineer office in the west ^ng of the Union at 4 p. m., Tuesday, February 6. —OTT.
ARC
TrtrtAV KirskirtAV
ALSO — 'MICKEY MOUSE'
Vivien Leigh To Vivien Leigh falls the most coveted role in Hollywood history, that of Scarlet O’Hara in the filmization of Margaret Mitchell’s famous story of the Old South, “(Sone with the Wind, which opens February 17 on the Lafayette screen. Fourteen hundred candidates were interviewed and ninety girls tested for the part before the choice fell upon dark-haired, green-eyed ,Miss Leigh.
Pi Tau Sigma: New members’ certificates of membership are in G. A.’s office. —KOLB. (2-6)
Modem Dance Clubs—Junior and Senior dance clubs meet Thursday, February 8, at 4 p. m. for an important business meeting If you have not paid your recital fee of $.60, please bring it to the meeting. —KNIGHT.
Radio Club: There will be a meeting Tuesday, February 6, at 7:30 p. m. in room 264 of the EE building. G. K. Miller will be the speaker. Everyone is welcome. —PITCHER.
Christian Science; Short meeting Tuesday, February 6, at 7 p. m. in room A of the Union. It will be over in time to attend convo. —FRANTZREB. Exponent Staff: New schedules are now posted in the office. Check them at once. If for any reason you cannot work on the nights to which they have been assigned, see me at once. Will the following please put their schedules in my box as soon as possible: Stenzil, Bach, Silva, Novey, Pickerel, and MOSS. —FRED.
Gold Peppers; Important meeting Tuesday, February 6, at 6 p. m. Plans for dance and pledges will be discussed. —MITCHELL.
Student Senate: Meeting of the project committee Tuesday, February 6, at 4 p. m. in the Senate office. —McCAMNON.
PEW, Classes: PEW 68 meet at 4 o’clock Monday, February 6, PEW 62 meet at 4:30. Both meetings will be held in the women’s gym. —KNIGHT.
Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting of the Executive committee Sunday, February 4, at 3 p. m. in Cary Hall East. —McCAMNON.
Glee Club: Turn in passports to the music office immediately. (2-9) —COCHRUN.
Scriveners: Meeting Sunday, February 4, at 7:30 p. m. at 202 Wallron. Bring manuscripts. -^MUNRO.
Advanced CAA Flyers: Ground school Tuesday, February 6, at 7 p. m. in the ME building. —WICKERSHAM.
Scabbard and Blade: Official meeting Wednesday, February 7, in the Armory to select spring pledges. A^JI fall pledges who have not filled out directory cards, do so before the meeting and turn the cards in to me so that your shingles may be made. —OLSON.
Primary CAA Flyers: Ground school Monday, February 6, at 7 p. m. in the ME building. —WICKERSHAM.
Reamer Club: Bring passports to meeting Monday night, February 5, 8 p. m., in room F —ARCHIBALD
Exponent Co-eds: Staff for Monday night, February 5, is as follows; Kaplan, Baker, Weiss, and Rose. Complete schedule for work will be run Tuesday morning. —SHILLING.
FOR SALE
FOR
Fraternity Presidents’ Council: Regular meeting will be held at 6 p. m., Thursday, Februaiy 8, at the Delta Tau Delta house. —CATTERALL.
Tau Beta Pi: Short but important meeting will be held at 7 :30 p. m., Wednesday, Februaiy 7, in the former Agriculturist office in the Union. —CATTERALL.
rypeu
standard and portable, sold, pnrehased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff,
60S Main street. FOE RENT
FOR RENT—Single room. 122 Pierce ^entrance. 36271.
Agricultural Education Society: Important meeting Wednesday, February 7, at 7:30 p. m. in room 363 in the Union. Dr Z. M. Smith will speak. Officers will be elected. Refreshments will be served. Keys will be selected. —BREWER.
FOR RENT—One single room and one double room with twin beds. Roommate preferred. 432 N. Grant.
FOR SALE—1929 Essex Coach — Two new rear tires — upholstering good. 629 North Fifth.
Undergraduate Dames: Meeting Tuesday, Febiuary 6, at 7:30 p. m. in room F of the Union —MRS. FRANK SPENCER
409 LITTLETON—Beautifully furnished Rooms, shower and tile bath. Reasonably priced. 51001.
Alpha Zeta: Special meeting in room A of the Union Wednesday, February 7, 7 :30 p. m. —DE LA CROIX.
FOR RENT—One single room, one double. Modern. Reasonable. 422 N. Salisbury.
Outing Club: Meeting cancelled on account of weather. (2-6) -CORDUA.
MARS
NOW PLAYING
Goodbye Broadway . . . . .Indiana Here They Come
BEULAH BONDI ELIZABETH PATTERSON STERLING HOLLOWAY
LU^
-TODAY - MONDAY-
L’ZAHUCK’S pfodvetiod of ,
AlONGTHi
m tECHNKOlORt
PLUS-
QlaadetU cMeMu FONDA THE MUSICAL COMEDY HIT!
It's youthful! It's tuneful! It's grand!
LUPINO LANE
m
IT'S A
FIRST RUN MUSICAL
U A job Seniors? Here’s How - IVhen - Where
COMPANY: Commonwealth Edi-
son Company, 72 West Adams Street, Chick‘go, Tllinois. REPRESENTATIVE: Mr. M. J.
Maiers, of the Training Divisiota. VISITING PURDUE: Tuesday and Wednesday, February 6th and 7th. INTERVIEWING: S e n i o r s in
electrical , mechanical, and public service engineering. Graduates employed by this company will enter a training program leading to engineering, operation, design, sales, commercial work, maintenance or construction. The training course will last one year, consisting of departmental assignments and some classroom work. Copies of bulletins describing the training program and the company may be found in the main offices of the schools listed. Those interested in employment with this public utility should sign up. All signers must then fill out a company application blank in the Personnel Office before January 24.
VISITING PURDUE: Monday and Tuesday, February 6th and 6th. INTERVIEWING: Chemical, mechanical, engineeTing seniors and juniors, and science seniors major-
ing in physics.
This company operates six paper mills in America, and ranks as one of the largest manufacturers. Those interested should sign up for consideration in the main office of the chemical or mechanical engineering school, or with Professor R. B. Abbott, in the ]|hysics Depart-
ment.
COMPANY: I n g e r s o 11 Rand Company, 11 Broadway, New York City, manufcturers of air compressors, diesel engines. REPRESENTATIVE: Mr. J. H.
COMPANY: Research Laboratories Division, General Motors Corp., 486 W. Milwaukee, Detroit, Mich. REPRESENTATIVE: Kenneth A. Meade, Director of Education. VISITING PURDUE: Monday and Tuesday, February 6th and 6th. INTERVIEWING: Mechanical, chemical, electrical, seniors, mechanical, electrical juniors for summer work, Graduate students in physics and chemistry for summer work. Those interested should read the posted bulletins carefully’ before signing up in the main office of their school for consideration.
Dillon, technical personnel director. VISITING PURDUE: Tuesday and Wednesday, February 6 and 7. INTERVIEWING: Mechanical
and electrical engineering seniors who are in the first quarter of their class in scholarship, who have good personalities and who are not under 6 ft. 9 in. in height. This company wishes to employ engineers for training as sales engineers. Literature is available in the main office of the schools mentioned. Those interested should read this information, and sign up for consideration.
COMPANY: Kimberly-Clark Corporation, Neenah, Wisconsin. REPRESENTATIVE: Mr. F. F. Martin, of the industrial relations department.
Rupkey, Manager of Training. VISITING PURDUE: Tuesday and Wednesday, April 9th and 10th. INTERVIEWING: Mechanical, electrical, chemical and metallurgical and oth6r engineering graduates. Graduates will be employed for the company’s training course and eventual placement in steel production, metallurgy, coal and ore mining, quarry operation, managing and purchasing work. Those interested should read carefully the bulletin posted in the engineering schools and the booklet describing the company training program. Seniors who wish to be considered should sign up in the main office of their school.
Starts TODAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
THE iiiCtfiiOUS STO^Y OF THE '20s IV9AILES THE MIGHTIEST FILM HIT OF THE THRILLING 'SOs!
HUMPHREY BOGART • GLADYS GEORGE • JEFFREY LYNN
YESTERDAY'S SWEATHEART — TODAY'S BRIDE —
BUT THEY,'RE TWO DIFFERENT WOMEN! Smart Sophisticated Drama of Modern Marriage and It's Complications! MARRIED AND IN LOVE — with — Alan Marshall Barbara Read Patric Knowles Helen Vinson
COMPANY: Ethyl Gasoline Corporation, 723 East Milwaukee Avenue, Detroit, Michigan. REPRESENTATIVE: Mr. R. R.
Faller.
VISifTIlflG PURDUE: Wednesday, February 7th. INTERVIEWING: Seniors in the mechanical engineering school. This company offers d. training course of one year, commencing in July, 1940. Mqn who complete this course are assigned either to the engineering or technical sales department. Mr. Faller is particularly intei’-
ested in mechanical engiriee::^ who
f them c
rank in the upper third of their class scholastically, are unmarried and able to meet outside engineering as-
'sociates gracefully.
Those interested please sigh up in Professor Young’s office.
COMPANY: B. F. Goodrich Com-
pany, Akron, Ohio, manufacturers of automobile tires and industrial rubber products. REPRESENTATIVE: Bert S. Taylor, general superintendefit of the processing division. ' /VISITING PURDUE: Wednes-
day, February 28. INTERVIEWING: Seniors in
COMPANY: Bethlehem Steel Company, Eethlehem, Pennsylvania. REPRESENTATIVE: Mr. A. M.
chemistry, chemical and mechanical engrineering. This company wishes to employ men for production, operation, design, maintenance and construction. A training course is available to new employees. Those interested should sign up in the main office of their school or department.
COMPANY: Armstrong Cork Company, Lancaster, Pennsylvania. REPRESENTATIVE: Mr. J. J. Evans, Jr., personnel manager, and Mr. George Kittridge, assistant personnel manager. VISITING PURDUE: Monday and Tuesday, February 12 and 13.
GONE WITH THE WINH
Starts SATURDAY FEB. 17
You will see it in its entirety, exactly as sisoum at its famed Atlanta World Premiere.
Seats on Sale at Box Office 9 A. M., Monday Feb. 5
NIGHT SHOWS (8p. m.) $1.10 Incl. Tax All Seats Reserved
SUNDAY MATINEE (2p. m.) $1.10 Ind. Tax All Seats Reserved WEEKDAY MATINEES (Continuous) 75c including tax Not Reserved
A
'it
ill
Vt^ ^iy^ ^ uC^^s i^^i ^ f Y^,'-^ ^[T
- ^
h 4
Sunday, February 4, 1940
£xfiDmnL SpifvtA. fia^
?■' t^j, ^ ^ ^ Aiyi V. l>l^ 4*#l l.*!? ;' V*^ ,,fr '*'
Riveter Wrestlers Win Season's First Meet 15-13 Five Boilermaker wrestlers carried the Gold and Black to a 15-13 victory over Illinois State Normal before a large crowd in the Fieldhouse last night in the first meet of the season for Coach Reeck’s squad. The visitors, previously victorious in four out of five meets, won only three of the matches, two falls giving them the bulk of iheir total points. Fredericks, Boilermaker 121
I ielder’s
c
•By Robert J. Deckard
hoice
In intercollegiate athletics there is probably nothing more discussed or led to more misconceptions than the nature and propriety of financial assistance to individual athletes by the
university.
poiinder, had little trouble defeating his Illinois opponent by 10 points in the first match of the evening. Timms and Linderman "each followed with decisions in the next two weights. Jungels, 145 pounds, gained Normal’s first victory, outpointing Papurca 7-3. Willey, Rossi, Win Captain Willey came back with a hard-earned 8-4 triumph over Wright of Normal in the 155 pound class. In the next two fights Montgomery and Camperman, Boilermaker wrestlers, lost by falls to Hospel and Fleming, respectively. A1 Rossi wound the meet up with a 17-4 decision over Wesley in one of the fastest of the evening’s matches. The summary: 121 pounds—Frederick (P), outpointed Switzer (N) 10-0. <
128 pounds—Timms (P) outpointed Russell (N) 16-11. 136 pounds—Linderman (P) out^pointed Chamness (N) 12-6. 145 pounds—Jungels (N) outpointed Papurca (P) 7-3. 155 pounds—^Willey (P) outpointed Wright (N) 8-4. . 165 pounds—Hospelhorn (N) won by fall over Montgomery (P), time 2 min. 30 sec. 175 pounds—Fleming (N) won by fall over Campefman (P), time 30 sec. Heavyweight—A1 Rossi (P) outpointed Wesley (N) 17-4.
A survey reveals that Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute men prefer brunettes—^not blondes.
An estimate of funds generally i made available to athletes at Big Ten colleges during the period of 1937-1939 including scholarships, loans, and campus employment was recently revealed by the Western Conference Commissioner’s office, and much discussion has arisen as to why some schools are able to circulate the dough so freely among their athletes. / —^fc— In this report, athletes included all varsity squad members and winners of freshman numeral awards; the 5,169 men who were listed representing 7.6 percent of the total undergraduate male enrollment in the conference, which was 67,823.
—^fc—
Scholarships were made available to 4,475 students in the Big Ten and of that number 315 were held by athletes. The percentage of athletes holding scholarships correspond almost identically to the pro-
portion of the number of scholarships available to the total male enrollment. Perhaps the most outstanding figures brought out by the report was that about Chicago University, w^ich led the pack of Big Tenners over the three-year period on awarding scholarships, loans, and campus jobs to campus athletes. Figures on Chicago amounted to $75,943.90. —fc— Many are the scribes and Pharisees who have taken a poke at the Midway institution for having such a large total. But one must not forget that scholarships run highest in amounts at endowed schools where tuition is necessarily higher and in the case of state schools consist largely of tuition exceptions and reductions by legislative appointment or action. Because of this reason, Chicago had the largest total of any school in the conference.
ENJOY GOOD FOOD EAT AT TOM’S Save 20c on Your Lunch TODAY’S SPECIAL^Old Fashioned Chicken Pot Pie with ^ny Dumpling (Chuck Full of Fresh Vegetables) and Large Pieces of Chicken, a crispy Endive Salad, Fresh String Beans, Roll and Butter ^ ^ ' 30c FREE with Above Special—Ice Cream ' Across From Armory
University
Scholarships
Loans
Campus Jobs
Total
Chicago
$17,891.60
$2,937.99
$13,720.91
$34,550.50
Illinois
3,515.00
3,360.52
10,786.89
17,662.41
Indiana
455.00
620.00
16,114.65
17,189.65
Iowa
5,286.06
2,^50.00
16,665.41
24,901.47
Michigan
2,633.00
5.620.00
15,940.10
24,193.10
Minnesota
0
436.75
5,471.92
5,908.67
Northwestern
5,525.00
15,065.00
10,683.40 <
31,273.40
Ohio State
0
45.00
7,699.33
7,744.33
Purdue
2,220.00
1,805.00
9,441.00
13,466.00
Wisconsin
8,914.68
701.00
7,992.08
17,607.76
OUTER GARMENTS PICK UP GERMS Hence— Good hygiene demands regular cleaning of outer garments as much as it demands the regular laundering of under things. American Dry Cleaning is “Tops”
Phone 3085
WBAA Issue Activity Call For Students Work on WBAA as an extra-cui-iicular activity is fiexible enough so that it may fit into the open hours on a student’s schedule. A scholastic index of 3.5 is necessary before a student may enter this activity. Second semester auditions for
U. S. Govt. Graded Beef a Qcudoti. CaliL. M
Compare your present canned good prices with our summer purchased BIRDSEYE prices on the following Fruits and Vegetables
PEAS ASPARAGUS CORN LIMA BEANS
BROCCOU CAULIFLOWER SPINACH SQUASH
PEACHES STRAWBERRIES BLUEBERRIES RASPBERRIES
FROZEN BIRDSEYE VEGETABLES
LAFAYETTE FOOD LOCKERS 5355 - PHONES - 2971
Varsity Trackmen Down Freshman Squad 80-24 Varsity trackmen handed the freshmen an 80-24 defeat yesterday afternoon in the opening varsity-frosh meet in the Fieldhouse. Jentsch, in the 880 yard run, and McEachem in the high jump, were the only two yearlings to take first places. Jentsch's time in the 880 was 2:00.5, a mere half-second ahead of the vet-
eran A1 Gaulke.
Riveter Golfers Swing Into Shape On IndoorRange With the season still some weeks away, Boilermaker golfers are alleady unlimbering their mashies and tuning up their swings in an effort to outsCore their spring foes on the links. ' In response to the call of their coach, Harry Allspaw, Lafayette County Club professional, an even score of varsity golf aspirants and as many frosh turned out for practice late Thursday afternoon at the indoor driving ranges in the basement of the Fieldhouse. As far as numbers is concerned it was a record inaugural, according to coach Allspaw. Returning Men The nucleus of this year’s squad is composed of veterans Hoffer, Weldy, McKensie, and Baske, who is resuming his fairway activities where he left off in 1938. The squad will further be bolstered by several promising juniors and seniors, and sophomores, who showed up well as freshman golfeis last season. This spring the Riveter brassies will be swinging to uphold the mark of seven wins against three losses established by last year’s team which was led by John David, State Intercollegiate and Junior titleholder. Bob Hoffer of West Lafayette will take over the leins from David who giaduated in June. Hairy Allspaw is on hand at the driving nets each afternoon from one o’clock until five to furnish able tutelage for those who show up for practice.
students interested in announcing on the University ladio station, WBAA, will be held at 5 o’clock Monday, February 12, in the main studio which is located on the third floor of the Electrical Engineering building.
Sophomore Bob Keim won the 60 yard dash in :06 4, finishing ahead of W. Gaulke, brother of Cross Countiy Captain A1 Gaulke, and Bancker. Stioyeck tui-ned in a comparatively fast opening indoor time in the high hurdles to finish in fiist place for the varsity in that event. Stroyeck also turned in a winning perfoimance in the low hurdles, with freshman Flickenger following him acioss the finish line. Other varsity winners were Holderman in the mile, Shackleton in the 440, McLaughlin in the two mile, Weber in the shot put, and Ted Tycocki in the broad jump. A varsity mile relay team composed of Simmons, Ross, Doty and Anthony defeated a freshman relay team which was anchored by varsity Captain Allen Shackleton. The summary: 60 yard dash—Won by Keim (V); W. Gaulke (V) second; Bancker (V) third. Time, :06.4. Mile Run—^Won by Holderman (V); Longest (F) second; Appleton (F) third. Time, 4:27. 440 yard run—Won by Shackleton (V); Anthony (V) second; Simmons (V) third. Time, ;51.3. Two Mile Run—^Won by McLaughlin (V); Kemp (P) second; J. White (V) third. Time, 10:11. High Hurdles—^Won by Stroyeck (V); Kersey (V) second; Bailey (F) third. Time, :07.7. 880 Yard Run—Won by Jentsch (F); A. Gaulke (V) second; Jarvis (V) third. Time, 2:00.6. Low Hurdles—^Won by Stroyeck (V); Flickenger (P) second; Kersey (V) third. Time, :07.4. Mile Relajf—Won by Varsity (Simmons, Ross, Doty, Anthony). Time, 3.34. (Freshman team: Palmer, Smith, Farnsworth, Shackleton). Shot Put—Won by Weber (V); Vollmer (V) second; Grimm (F) third. Distance: 44 feet 6 % inches. Broad Jump—Won by Tycocki (V); Denzler (V) second; Dodge (F) third. ^Distance: 21 feet 6% inches. Pole Vault—Won by Edwards (V) and Campbell (V) (Tie); Giimm (P) third. Height: 11 feet 6 inches. High Jump—^Won by McEachern (F); Denzler (V) second; Suto (V) thiid. Height: 5 feet 9% inches.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD }. RISK 4th & Main Phona 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Florists
• Dairy Products
Dorner's Flower Shop Qualify Flowers Mam at 7th Phone 6050
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
• Hardware
• Locksmith
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St Phone 4354
KEYS & LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUrrs 209-n N 5th St Phone 2828
We Pay 50% Cash For Second-hand Books Every Day
H. G. "Deac REISNERtHE PURDirc EXPONENT
Sunda^, February 4/ 194t)
But
By Petrov . Sunday is depressing enough to start with, but to make things worse we are going to borrow the nearest available shoulder and have a good cry. “Way back on the 26th of September your scribe Petrov wrote his fii’st column, and today, the 4th of February, he writes his last. It’s really been great fun drolling out this miscellaneous drivel for these last few months and we want to thank personally the guy who’s been reading
Vladimir and Romanof will carry on with whatever other alien help they can round up. We suggest looking for that student we found during registration. His student number is 9437.5. Split personality, no doubt. rt * On every hand we encounter rave upon rave about the new addition to the Union. One of the favorite raves concerns the smartly furnished women’s rooms. Being a man we wandered into one of the hew men’s rooms just for a bit of investigation. The falls, we found, are now a very pretty blue. But the men’s rooms are still so darndd utilitarian. * * ; Not that utilitarianism isn’t good. Our filing system is no prize package for looks but it certainly does a nice job. of filing. There was one difficulty which we only recently overcame. We have a vicious habit of putting stuff places and then not finding it. That’s all cleared up now because we’ve just installed two
Purdue Exponent
R. E. Insley Editor-in-Chief W. E* Smith fiarinesB Managrer Phones: Editorial 4006; Business 6038; Sports 2792 This newspaper is written, edited and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University Viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editorial director. - Elntered as second class matter at the post offiee In Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8,. 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108,’act of October 8, 1917, authorised January ZO, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Represented for national advertising by National Edvertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Night Editor, Wlllsey Day Editor, Simpson Asst. Night Editor, Traugott Sunday, February 4, 1940.
new titles in our filing system. 1. “Stuff that’s never where I look for it.” 2. “Stuff that’s never where I put it.” ■ Just one more question before we go out of your lives forever. If you know the answer just drop a note to Petrov care of the paper, and it will- be forwarded to us. Last year \ve had a favorite truck and now we don’t know wh’ere it is., Can you help us ? It was a panel delivery truck found usually on the east side of town, but we haven’t seen it for munts and munts. You can identify it by these touching words emblazoned, across the side: THE JUVENILE SHOP We deliver —30—
£ilWL £diiiu ByHankMUler There is nothing like sticking one’s neck out, but here goes. When a sports commentator can hold the interest of one who isn’t a sports fan, he must have something. That person is Sam Balter and his Inside of Sports broadcast on Mutual thru WGN at 6:45, Monday thru Friday. Another fifteen minute five a w’eek show that rarely fails to furnish fifteen minutes of good music and entertainment is Fred Waring’s Pleasure Time broadcast at 6 p. m.. on WLW or 10 p. m. on WMAQ. Waring has created a style that is slightly different and is a good attention getter. He has several interesting features including his new college songs. One night a week he dedicates a new song that he has written especially for a college. The only feature that might get -tiresome is his Push Button Tuning, however, that is greatly compensated for bv his other items.
As long as we are getting things off our chest, here is another. Irene Rich, who was on the campus a while back, has been putting on a fifteen minute dramatic program every Sunday for quite a while. The programs have been pretty good, though by no means the nation’s top ranking program. Still it was worth listening to. Up until thi’ee weeks ago, each , program was a separate unit within itself. Then she started the “Glorious One” which has suddenly blossomed forth into a serial. Serials are bad enough when you can’t hear each episode without having them a week apart. Not that our opinion means much, but if Miss Rich will get back to presenting individual stories, she will get back one former listener. It’s tonight at 8:30 on WMAQ. —e-e— A new show hits the air for the second time tonight called Beat the Band. Emceed by Garry Moore (formerly Morfit), it is on at 5:30 over WMAQ taking the place of the Grouch Club. -e-e—^ It is a new adaptation of the
question and answer type of show,^ but with music and still different from anything on the air. Elmo Tanner -will be featured tonight, and Ted Weem’s Orchestra. —e-e— ' At 8:45 tonight on WENR, Bill Stern will interview Joe Louis, heavyweight champ. It is said that Joe will really talk tonight. Funny things can happen though." Tomorrow night, at 8:30 on WM AQ, Alec Templeton will have as his guest Harry James, orchestra leader and trumpet star. James will play one of his compositions called Concedto, a hot swing job. —e-e— Fitch’s Bandwagon will carry on it tonight Glen Gray and his Casa, Loma orchestra and can be heard at 6:30 over WMAQ. ;—e-e—-73 for today, see you Tuesday.
Harvard University has an 85-ton cyclotron capable of producing atomic projectiles of 11,000,000 volts energy.
Dewenter^s Annual Mid-Winter CLEARANCE All Winter Merchandise Drastically Reduced to Moke Room for New Spring Shipments—Save!
JACKETS - SPORT COATS
SALE HATS
V4 OFF
Regular $5.00 Hats
$3.50
This includes Leather Jackets, Leather Coats, Wool Jackets, Wool Coats and
Regular $4.00 Hats
$3.00
Corduroy Coats.
Regular $3.50 Hats
$2.50
$3.95 Wool Pants how $2.95
$5, $5.50 Wool Pants now
$3.75
ONE LOT MEN'S $1.65
DRESS SHIRTS
ONE LOT SWEATERS Regular $2.95 and $3.95 values to clear out for only
Button, Slipover
or Zipper
Styles
$2-25
Sizes ^ 1 £% C
1417
Regular 50c WOOL HOSE prs $1.00 Regular 75c WOOL HOSE 2 prs $1.00 Regular 65c TIES now 49c 2 for 95c Regular $1.00 TIES now-. 79c 2 for S1.50
PAJAMAS
Slipover and Coat Styles
$1.55
LARGE SELECTIONS — BIG VALUES — QUALITY GOODS DEWENTER'S V ■ ,/ 416 MAIN ST.
Briefs by Clarence
Due to an invention just invented by Clarence, YOU need no longer worry about losing your railroad ticket, or schedule of classes, or assignment card at registration. The invention consists of a standardized jacket, with pockets for everything necessary.
Each pocket is labelled with the name of the cards enclosed, so you can’t go wrong when putting them in. The beauty of the invention is that you can walk up to a deputy with a clear conscience, because he can get any ticket he wants by merely pulling one of the many strings which hang from the pockets.
With an untroubled soul and mind free from -w'orry, you step into the Armory at the required time, and hook a jigger, fastened to the coat to a convenient wire.
The pressure of the crowd pushes you along, and the deputiesaND THE cashier do the rest. Once you’re started, you dan slip out of the jacket and leave for a short beer. Then you come back in an hour or two or three, slip into your jacket once more, sign on three dotted lines, unhook the hook, and you’re done.
If the proper officials will but OK Clarence’s idea, you’re practically out of the Univer.sity with 91 hours of B. Maybe I forgot to tell you — there is a stamp that repeats 91 times—stamping big B’s on personnel records. You just stick your card under, put in a nickel, and wham! WHAM! You’re through.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichly
MR:
^ Copr. 1040 by UiTiled Feature Syndicate, Inc. ii Tm Ree. V. S. Pdt. OfT.—AU rights reserred
‘Nope, nothin’ like that—I don’t want to look like a presidential candidate!”
Forestry Club Will View Soil Conservation Film Forestdy club will hold an open meeting in the auditorium of the Horticulture building Tuesday evening at 7:30. Highlight of the program will be a talking picture entitled “The River.” This film, a soil conservation service picture, denpionstrates the effect of uncomtrolled floods and soil erosion in the United States. It also shows the conservation methods which are being carried out along the tributaries and at the headwaters of our
major streams in order to control and prevent soil erosion and floods. The meeting is open to students and faculty from other departments and a cordial invitation was extended by Professor Geltz of the forestry department to all those who are interested.
Use EXPONENT Ads
West Side Cleaners take pleasure in offering, in Lafayette, the Kirk method of suede and leather cleaning. This remarkable new process is unique in that it actually restores the natural oil of the leather, making it possible to remove all dirt quickly and harmlessly. Also, this oil rejuvenation permits the removal of difficult spots which ordinary methods fail to touch. The leather is left soft and pliable . . . the leather dye takes on new life. Where necessary the leather is redyed or retinted so that the material assumes an appearance of its original newness without streaks, spots or fading.
ITEMS CLEANSED BY KIRK METHOD SUEDE JACKETS LEATHER JACKETS GLOVES Suede, Leather or White PURSES Suede or Leather JACKETS Suede or Leather Trimmed BOLERO Or Suede Vest
OEFERED IN LAFAYETTE BY
PHONE 4081
PERMITS
■i:
n \ ■ I
I; V'h
yf.