MiliMiiil
it ■fe.
Purdue
Z-IU
Volume 5L No. 55
Exponent
SundeoT/ Novendber J2, 1939
Montague Boots Riveters To Victory
Field Goal In Fourth Quarter Gives Riveters 3-0 Win Over Northwestern
Guest Speakers To Fill Lafayette Pulpits Today Returning from Dayton last night, where they spent the day in organization work, the Committee of 100 and speakers for Religious Emphasis Week will get the ball rolling with services
in Lafayette churches throughout the day.
Visiting speakers will occupy the ~
pulpits of the follo^ng churches at the morning service: West Lafayette Baptist, Albert W. Palmer; West Lafayette Methodist, Jesse M. Bader; First Christian, Muriel Lester; Holy Trinity English Lutheran, Paul H. Krauss; Central Presbyterian, A. J. Muste; and St. John’s Episcopal, Mrs. Harper Sibley. Mrs. Sibley will take the place of Bishop Kirchoffer. Reception At 4 p. m. in the faculty lounge, the University community, students, faculty, and townspeople will have a chance to meet the speakers at an informal reception. Following the reception will be a number of meetings, climaxed by the convocation on “The Religion of an Educated Man,” led by Albert W. Palmer. The convo, which will be held in Fowler Hall, will conclude the day’s program. Tomorrow the program_^will open with a breakfast for the Committee of 100, and speakers in the Home Ec cafeteria. The breakfast is 25 cents for faculty members and free to students on the committee. Seminars The morning and early afternoon will be occupied by special classes. Seminars will fill the remainder of the afternoon, meeting Monday through Friday. They will be divided into five groups: (1) Preparation for Marriage and the Home, faculty lounge, Mrs. Grace Overton, speaker; (2) Christian Character and Personality, room F, Mrs. Harper Sibley; (3) Christianity and Economic Problems, room 101 Education building. Miss Muriel Lester and A. J. Muste; (4) Christianity and International Problems, assembly room 233, Chem annex, R. H. E. Espy, Paul Harris ,Jr., and Henry Smith Lieper; (6) Science and Religion, room 201, Education building, Arthur H. Compton and Miss Georgia Harkness. Science and Religion, and what would have been a sixth division, Christianity and Higher Education, have been combined due to the absence of Henry David Gray, who was to assist Compton. The speakers will be entertained at dinner tomorrow night by vinous campus organizations. American Chemical Society Will Hear Dr. Lind Thursday Dr. S. C. Lind, world authority on radium and other associated subjects, will speak on “Radio-activity, Neutral and Artificial” at the November meeting of the University section of the American Chemical Society next Thursday evening, November 16, at 7:30 in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall. The originator of the ionization theory of the chemical effects of radium rays. Dr. Lind is also the inventor of the Lind interchangeable electroscope. He did extensive work in this field with the late Dr. R. B. Moore, former head of the chemistry department and former dean of the school of science. ' The meeting will be open to all those interested in the subject. Tuesday At 4 P.M. . . . the Union ballroom will be" the scene of the second tea dance of the year sponsored by the Student Union. Music will be furnished by recordings and the dancersv'will be required to bring their passports. Cutting will be allowed between numbers but not during the dance.
Meridian Athletic Club Plays Junior Bears To Standstill Driving desperately in the closing minutes of play, the scoring efforts of the Meridian A. C. grid team were curtailed by the final gun, forcing the lads from Morton Jimior High school to be content with a scoreless tie in their contest against the Chicago Junior Bears yesterday afternoon in Ross-Ade Stadium. With only three minutes of play remaining, McCormick slipped through the Bear team to place the ball on the Bear lO-yard line. From then until the end of the game, the Meridians were constantly thrusting the Bear line, but their most intensive advance fell short of a touchdown by a foot on the last down. Tied Last Year Last year in Chicago the Meridians battled the Junior Bears to a 6-6 deadlock in a game which was played betw^n halves of a Chicago Bear professional game. The Junior Bears are a cosmopolitan group of youngsters whose homes are scattered over the city. These lads, who range from 10 to 13 years old, entertain the Sunday football fans at Wrigley Field between h^ves of the professional games, which offers quite a contrast to the play of the battle-scarred veterans. 4,000 Watch Game Performing before about 4,000 people, mostly cheering grade school students, the two junior teams offered a novel prevue of the grid talent which will be making headlines in the Midwest within the next decade. The Meridians are coached by Ken Paxton, Boilermaker senior. \ Big Ten Standings W.L.T.Pct. Pts. Op. Ohio State 4 0 0 1.000 121\ 20 Iowa .....3 1 0 :760 62 69 Northwestern ..3 2 0 .600 40 30 Michigan 2 2 0 .600 126 43 Indiana 2 2 0 .600 60 62 Illinois 2 2 0 .600 29 27 PURDUE 1 1 1 .600 16 17 Minnesota 1 2 1 .333 60 67 Chicago 0 2 0 .000 0 146 Wisconsin 0 4 0 .000 20 63
University Honors War Participants With 21-Gun Salute Pacing the East in solemn silence and with heads bared while a 21gun salute boomed in the distance, the faculty and student body yesterday honored former students who fought in the first World War. During the firing of the salute, the names and home towns of these students were read by Paul T. Cooper, president of the Student Union, standing in the great hall of the
Union building.
Place Wreath On Cross Preceding the reading of the names, six members of POMM placed a wreath, in a simple, impressive ceremony in front of the tablet in the Union which bears the names of the honored dead. Following the reading of names. Prof. Frank R. Hall of the history, economics, and government department gave a short address stressing national neutrality and the necessity of peace; His speech, followed by retreat on the bugle, concluded
the program.
During the ceremonies all activities ceased on the campus, the Union unofficially closed, and period of silence was observed. Radio station WBAA carried a broadcast of the entire ceremony.
Richard Carpenter
. . . young Chicago pianist who will play eight numbers in the music room of the Union this afternoon at 4 o’clock. His pfqgram, divided into two parts, will consist of compositions by well-known composers.
Home Ec Consulting Service To Deal With Student Problems, Big Or Small; Try It Out
By Mary Burtsfield
What’s to be the color of that new scarf you’re going to buy? How will you get those necessary calories on a 60-cent a day allowance ? Whatever your problem, big or small, it can be solved by the consulting service which the Home Economics department has just in-
stalled.
Drop around to room 203 of the Home Economics building on Monday or Wednesday afternoons from 4 to 6 o’clock or on Tuesday or Thursday afternoons from 3 to 4\ o’clock. Let Miss Rosemary Lodde or Miss Mary Louise Bone, both
members of the Home Economics staff, interview you. Your problem will be discussed, and, after consultation, you will be referred to the department which could, most easily and effectively, solve your problem. Who You See If yours is a problem of large quantity buying of foods, you will be referred to Miss Edith Gamble, head of Institution Management. .For a clothing selection problem you will consult Miss^hilena Palmer or Miss Marion Willoughby of the clothing and textile group. Home management problems will go to Miss Hazel Landin of the home administration group.
Student demand has indicated that men students, and particularly those who have only a small amount of money to spdhd, have problems which are quite an important factor in college life. It is especially these students that the service staff hopes •will come in for consultation.
Diet Problems
Although your individual diet problems will be carefully studied by the dietetics department, you need not consider the service’s recommendation sufficient to omit a trip to your doctor. The service’s task will be to help you carry out the doctor’s orders. As the result of the opening of the consulting service, house mothers from independent co-operative houses have formed a night school which is held once a week. Problems which confront the house mother are studied. Classes are held on Tuesday nights. The class this week will be omitted from the schedule because of the feeligious Emphasis Week, but will be resumed aghin on November 21. A food unit problem is still under discussion and, if elected by house mothers, management and housing unit study will be con-
tinued.
By Rolfe Jenkins ^
Exponent Sports Editor Evanston, 111., NoV. 11 (Special)—3-0 score securely entered into the victory column for the Boilermakers following the game with Northwestern at Dyche Stadium this afternoon was a pleasant surprise to the hundreds of Gold and Black followers who saw the Wildcats push the Riveters deep into their own territory five times during the first three quarters and get close enough to the end zone on two occasions to try a field
goal which went wide. Byelene Sets Stage
Mike Byelene set the stage for the field goal which Fred Montague kicked in the fourth quarter by intercepting one of DeCorrevont’s passes intended for Daly, following with a 44yard sprint and adding a 12-yard pass to Rankin, who was downed on the four-yard line. Montague’s kick, from the fiveyard line on the fourth down, gave Northwestern its first loss in four games and evened the Purdue-Northwestem series at . 12 wins each.
A fumble on the last play of the third quarter put the Gold and Black in opponent territory for the first time. The Boilermakers were stopped on the Wildcat 24, but came back a few minutes later, driving to the Northwestern five-yard line from where quarterback Fred Montague place kicked the field goal which won the game for the Boilermakers and retained for them a mathematical chance to win the Western Con-
ference championship.
Hahnenstein Returns Kickoff Hahnenstein returned the opening kickoff 36 yards to the Northwestern 39-yard line, and three successive first downs put the ball on
The Romans Come Home! Rousing, welcoming cheers broke loose at the Big Four railroad station this morning at 12:10, when 150 University students welcomed the portion of the football team which returned home from its victorious conquet of the Northwestern varsity eleven yesterday afternoon in Dyche Stadium, Evanston, 111. Score: Riveters 3, Wildcats 0. All the welcome lacked to equal the triumph return of Caesar from conquest was the Roman victory march, and then the team had the Victory Bell to take its place. Earlier in the evening, Cary Hall men broke the padlock on the bellhouse, took out the Victory Bell, and gave it a sound ringing, in fine
traditional style.
Spirit? The student body has plenty of it for the team, win or
lose.
Horiicullural Exhibits Ciose Today At 5 P. M. Today marks the close of the 19th annual horticultural show which opened here last Friday, Among the exhibits are a variety of flowers including chrysanthemums, in the green house, and a show of fruits, vegetables, and nuts^in the auditorium of the Horticulture building. The show will be open from 1 to 5 p. m. today. In the special student class, which supplements classes for commercial growers and amateurs, a loving cup will be^^^B^red for the best plate of apples and for the best display of vegetables. All of the fruite,..and vegetablesexhibited in the sbr^^'will be placed on sale Monday at 4 p. m. in the auditorium of the Horticulture build-
ing.
University Faculty, Former Students Make News
Election
... of I. R. Clsnner, CE ’ll, as president of the Michigan Limestone & Chemical Company, Rogers City, Mich., was announced yesterday. Clymer succeeds J. G. Munson, who left to accept a position as -vice-president, raw materials. United States Steel Corporation of Delaware. Clymer joined the Michigan Limestone & Chemical Company, a United States Steel Corporation subsidiary, as chief engineer in 1926.
Addressing
. . . 160 members of the First and Second District Township Trustees’ Association of Indiana, Dr. P. B. Knight, University director of education and applied psychology, stated last Thursday that he was a firm believer in local boards of education as* compared with highly centralized boards, providing the local boards would keep progressive and aggressive.
Photographs ... of two University graduates appear in General Electric Monogram, a General Electric house organ, in recognition of their outstanding achievements w^hile holding Charles A. Coffin fellowships for research work. They are R. B. Dome, EE’22, and K. B. McEachron who received his professional degree in 1922 while a member of the
University staff.
Recent
Albert P. Stewart Geneva Nugent
. . . copies of The Technician, commemorating the 60th anniversary of the founding of North Carolina State College at Raleigh, N. C., contain several photographs of B. R. Van Lee, ME ’22,, dean of the
school of engineeringj
. . . University choral director, will direct the singing at the annual convention of the Indiana Farm Bureau to be held next week in Indianapolis. Several members of the faculty staff in the agricultural departments of the University will attend the convention.
. . . head of food service in the Union building, has been named chairman of a group of University employees concerned -with food service units in the University. The group met recently to discuss problems in connection -with food service units.
Dr. C. F. Harding . . . representative of the Indiana Engineering Council to the annual convention of the American Engineering Council in Washington, D. C., attended a meeting of the administrative coiaamittee of the Indiana Engineering Council in Indianapolis Wednesday evening. Clyde C. Henley . . . Ag '33, employed with the Ralston Purina Company in Greencastle since graduation, has been named to the president’s field staff of the firm for this coming year. His selection was due to outstanding work for the firm since employment. His wife is the former Miss Lois Jane Bryant, Lafayette, who is on the staff of the Dean of Women
at Depauw University.
The 'Tippecanoe' County Alumni Club will sponsor the shotring of the pictures of the Purdue-North-western game, tomorrow at 8 p. m. in the Union ballroom. All faculty members, students, and townspeople are invited. / the Boilermaker 10-yard line. Pin*due took the ball on downs, however, on the six, Johnson, BykowsM and Jack WincheU stopping the Purple advance. After Lou Brock punted the Wildcats immediately drove down to the Boilermakers’ 29-yard line but were again stopped. DeWitte then swept around left end for the Riveters’ first first down. A new backfield started the secOi^d quarter for Northwestern, made up of Ryan, Soper, Kepford and Benson who replaced Richards, Hahnenstein, Chambers and Clawson. They continued the Purple assault, soon arriving at the Boilermaker 26-yard line, where Smith tried a field goal which was wide. DeCorrevont Enters Game After Brown and Brock carried the baU to the Purdue 44-yard Htib and Brock was forced to punt. Bill DeCorrevont, sensational Chicago high school player two Jj^ars ago, came into the game. His first display of prowess came oh his first play when he quick-kicked to Lou Brock. In three plays the Boilermakers came the closest to midfield that they had come at any time during the half, their own 47-yard line. (Continued on page 3) CAA Students Must Pay Insurance Fee Having been accepted for flight training, CAA students for the current semester are now required to sign applications for insiuance and pay the $34 fee, according to G. Stanley Meikle, director of research relations with industry. Unless this is taken care of, alternates -will be accepted until the University CAA quota of 60 is filled. The flight training program is expected to be in fidl swing within the next week. Among those now registered for the course, two coeds, Janette Morris, *40, and Joann Geer, *43, are included.-M
igXr;,
THE PUapUE EXPONENT
But
Incidentally—
Purdue Exponent
By Romanoflf As Mai Ross would say, “Here comes Purdue’s AllAmerican Band with their TV?-inch drum . . When we heard this we couldn’t help visualizing the two drummers, one on each side of the coffee can, beating out something typical like Spotts’ “Over the- Rainbow.”
Entered as second elass matter at the post ottlee la Lafayette. Indiana, under the act of Congress of Haich 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section HOB, act of October 8. 1017, authorized January 20, 1922. I^iblished daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for 28.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60.
Editorial Board
E. E. Insley — “ nSth
Jldltor-ia-Ghlef ..Business Manager
Orchids to Frazee also for whipping off on an inspection trip with the only keys to the bell house . . . and we beat Northwestern . . . > Maybe we ought to let Brownie keep the keys after this. , • * * *
W. E. Smiii
D. G. Terrio. .Editorial Director G. W. Frederick -.Managing Editor E. M. Antonin! ... Senior Advertising Manager G. Schilling —Oo-ed Editor K. Jenkins Sports Editor
junior Staff
Editorial
R. F. DeHoog R. W. Donahue
D.K.BefoIa
.McKee
We just had a sudden terrible thought. . . rumbling around somewhere in the convolutions of our cranium are the words from a note received months ago from the Shadow reading, “Your Peace Poll sounds like a Hitler plebiscite ^ . . there is no opportunity to answer the real question at present . . . the embargo will be repealed . . Maybe he sent a carbon copy to Congress.
J. H.
M. L. Mien J. C. Willsey
Business R. Fisher R.HaU A. Hite M. Hagemeyer T. Petty G. Cox, See.
Sports J. P. Dolan S. D. Marguis M. M. Richards M. Bnrtaileld G. Carroll B. Slmiwon
D. J. Henninger, Art Director
Editorial 4005
PHONES Sports 2792
Business 5038
RBPRBSBNTBD FOR NATIONAL AOVtRTJataU BV
In our estimation names like Poxworthy, Farhner, Donovan, Bale, Fielding, Cornell, Haskins, Russell, and Bier will go down in inspection trip history as having shown the EE’s the best time away from home since the curse of inspection trips descended upon us , . . Next time you see: Foxworthy, ask him if he ever made that 4 a. m. date with the hat-check girl in Chi . . . Farhner, ask him what there was in Milwaukee to interest him imtil 5:66 Tuesday morning . .. and a date that night had to be broken too, too bad . . . Donovan, ask him why he gave up after seeing only two of Allis Chalmers’ biuldings ... Bale, ask him what fancy led Ifiim down td S. State street only to find that his dad beat him there . . . Fielding, ask him how he felt in the cocktail lounge when he went to scratch his ankle and found he’d forgotten his socks . . . Cornell, ask him to imitate the Rialto for you . . . Haskins, ask him how he ever picked the winner ...
National Advertising Service, Inc.
College, Publishers RepresenUtive
420 Madibon Ave. New York. N. Y. CHICAaO ' BOBTOH . Los AHSBLtt * 8AR FRANCISCO
This newspaper is written, edited and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in iL unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the oSloial UniveisHy vlewiioint. All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director.
Night Editoiv-Heiple Issue Editor—Purcell Sunday, November 12, 1939
Russell, ask him how far he ran after the female picketer gave him the eye . . . Bier, ask him if he plans to stick to Schlitz forever. * * *
And Canfield wouldn’t stop the bus, so .. * * *
We’ll bite, why do the lights go off when you lock the door from the outside ? ? ? ?
By Hank Miller
Orson Welles has been signed to continue in his capacity as directorstar of the Campbell Playhouse heard over WBBM every Sunday night at 9. Helen Hayes has also been signed and she will appear exclusively on the show. Tonight’s presentation is Agatha Christie’s famous Hercule Poirot mystery, “The Murder of Roger Ackroyd.”
Last week we told about the new recorded shows of an hour’s duration over WENR. The Sunday show was scheduled to go on at 1 o’clock but because of a last-minute shift the show went on at 12 noon. It is tentatively scheduled to be on again at 12 today.
that you listen to Norman Ross over WMAQ on week day mornings. He is on from 7 to 8, 8:30 to 8:40, and 8:45 to 9 for three different sponsors. One morning on his Manor House Coffee show we heard him say something like this, “If you folks don’t go out and buy some more coffee. I’ll beat bumps on your heads.” The other morning when it snowed in Chicago, he signed off his show by saying, “Well, good bye now, I’m going out and see if I can stop the snow.” —e-e— Two weks ago, while describing the Purdue-Santa Clara football game, one of WBAA’s sport casters said, “Krst down and 10 per cent on Santa Clara’s 10-yard line.”
IfokiL
of the
QampuA,
Censored! St. Peter was interviewing the fair Purdue co-ed at the
We have heard at least a half a hundred rumors that Glenn Miller is going to bring his orchestra to the campus for a dance. So far as We have been able to learn, the rumor is entirely unfounded but we do know that he will air his outfit on the Fitch Bandwagon tonight at 6:30 on WMAQ.
John Charles Thomas, American baritone, makes his second appearance of the season as guest of the Ford Sunday Evening Hour tonight at 8 over WBBM. He is scheduled to sing the aria “Per Me Giunto” from Verdi’s opera Don Carlos, “Mother o’ Mine” by Tours, Peter Warlock’s “Yarmouth Fair,” and “Ode to Music” by Waldrop.
If you like good informal conversation with your music, we advise
At 6:30 tonight over CBS, Charles Laughton and his wife, Elsa Lanchester, will guest on Roger Pryor’s Screen Guild Theater to present an adaptation of their screen success, “The Beachcomber.”
Dear Editor: The greater Purdue Union building is on its way to completion. No doubt, all arrangements are being made to make good use of every part of the spacious building. However, I believe one rather important thing is being overlooked. During the last year or two, students from foreign countries have been coming to Purdue University in large numbers. The last registration showed a sharp increase in this conspicuous*body of students; and, there is every reason to expect more foreign students entering Purdue as the years go by. It seems to me that this important body of students should be properly taken care of and should be offered some special accommodation in the Union building. Yes, I mean an international quarter or
WORLDLY DRAMA...
SELZNICK INTERNAflONAL presents
LESLIE HOWARD
lnTeY^me^zo A Love Story introducing INGRID BERGMAN
Starts TODAY
NEW
NOW SHOWING DOUBLE FEATURE
ERROL FLYNN AS AN AMOROUS ADVENTURER! FINDING A NEW DESIGN FOR LIVING AND LOVING! THEY’RE FOUR OF A KIND...AND IN LOVE!
WALTER CONNOLLY • HUGH HERBERT • MELVILLE COOPER
An Army of Youfh in Revolt with those likeable Dead End Kids in Command!
They're up to their old tricks in a gripping story of a Nation of Fallen Angels!
THEY’RE TURNING CRIME SCHOOL INTO A CITY OF B0Y8I
f HE dead END KIDS
MARGARET lINDSAY* RONALD RE AGAN* STANLEY FIELDS. A WARNER BROS. Nclur.
Sunday# November 12# 1939
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By LMity
Your B & B editor has finally returned to his job. Here he is with a flash, probably trash. —B&B—
Yep! The co-eds are slipping. Two handsdme boys like Brenton Devol and John Yocum remark on how they always have to drive 200 miles every week-end for a date. (Girls, JBrenton has a big Buick, too.) —B&B— . . . and here’s something a little different in the manner of a co-ed. Petite Margaret Williamson slept on Don Pyke’s shoulder last night until 3:30 a. m. Her dreams were probably very, very sweet, because Don is no sour apple, if you get the point. Don says (quote), “Gee, it was a lot of fun!” (unq;aote). Personally, I can’t see any fun in having a girl fall asleep on my shoulder in the wee hours of the mornin’. Right, boys? —B&B—
Trash! The Chi O’s have added another poor unsuspecting sucker to their list within the last week. First, Eleanor Poor was pinned; then came Catherin O’Leary, and now it’s Phyllis Julian who is sporting a Kappa Sig pin—which, incidentally, belongs to Bob Keim. P. S. It took the brothers two days to discover he had it out.
“That boy ought to make a good husband for Daughter—^IVe been borrowin’ money from him for six months and he still comes back I”
—B & B— As usual, before every co-ed bid dance. Bill Schilling was seen parading around in his Joe jacket and sexy tie. That is his way of getting the women . . . his flashy clothes blind ’em, and he leads them away. However, it was no soap this time. Gads, Bill, you’ve slipped! —B&B—
pearly gate. “Did you, while on earth,” he said, “indulge in necking, petting, smoking or drinking?” Our dignified and truthful (?) co-ed replied emphatically, “Never!” (at this she gave a well satisfied smirk in his direction, and put on that languish look . . . you know what I mean). Students, do you know what Pete said? He just looked at her with a dazed expression, and said, “Well, I’ll be damned!”
Kiwanh Members
. . . heard Col. Robert Rossow of the Culver Military Academy speak on the activities of the academy at their regular meeting Thursday noon. Colonel Rossow also showed a motion picture depicting student life at Culver throughout the year.
P. H. Keister
center where the foreign students could gather together, and of course where other students interested in them are welcomed. Such a room or number of rooms should be furnished with all kinds of games and entertainment; such as ping-pong, gramaphone with foreign records, etc. I am sure such an international center in the Union building will not only benefit the foreign students of Purdue University, but also every one who is interested in people from far off countries would be given excellent opportunities to get acquainted with our foreign students. Also, I am sure, in the long run, the school will also be benefited with increased enrollment of foreign students. Hoping that serious consideration on this matter will be made, I am An enthusiastic student, T. H., Jr.
. . . ME ’29, has been appointed assistant professor of aeronautical engineering at West Virginia University, where he will have charge of the new aeronautical courses and research. For several years Keister was connected with flight testing work at Langley Field for the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics, and is co-author of “Lift and Drag Characteristic of a Cabin Monoplane as Determined in Flight.” He was also connected with the materials division of the Army Air Corps. - „
Follow Tour “EXPONENT OP THE AIR” WBAA Taeodsy, Friday—4:15
ARC
TODAY - MONDAY
mm SWRIEY JiUS®H Baibara IteNI • Mato PaarM«LH.Kan<iaR
—and—
LmA
TODAY - MONDAY
"HARDY'S RIDE HIGH" — WITH — MICKEY LEWIS ROONEY STONE
DOUBLE FEATURE
—ALSO — POPEYE, CARTOON
The most thrilling adventure known toman! Thegreat-. est acting cast ever assembled! The best motion picture of 1939!>
yADS
NOW PLAYING
itanbiQ
mm TRACY< I wtth ^ NANCY KELLY'
RICHARD GREENE
WALTER BRENNAN ICHARLES COBURNI
PLUS—2nd Feature
TEIEVISIOII
...how ate... them... most .ex mite dra
m!'
Ojierplhiifd'
,A Paramount Picture with ' WILLIAM HENRY • JUDITH BARRETT WILMM collier, SR.-AtlfHONY QUINN
HUMPHREY BOGART' GLADYS GEORGE JEFFREY LYNN FRANK McHUGH'PAUL KELLY
1*1
€
i ISunday, November 12, 1939
£xfiomnL fiaqsL
Greek Mat Artists Minnesota, iowa Upset Michigan, Notre / Prepare For Tourney Dame; iliini, Ohio State Win; imiiana Loses
Training for the interfraternity wrestling tourney, which is to start en December 12, is well underway. About 60 Greek grunters have been turning out regularly for instruction from head wrestling coach Claude Reeck. According to Coach Reeck, there is still time for fraternities not yet entered to do so, but after next Wednesday, no points will be given to late comers. Any non-fratemity aspirants for positions on either the freshman or varsity wrestling teams should also begin training in the Fieldhouse wrestling gjnm. No previous mat experience is necessary for entry into the tourney since Coach Reeck is giving training in the basic fundamentals of the art. A trophy is to be awarded the fraternity that wins the most matches in the final competition.
Alpha Xi Delta
... social sorority, announces the pledging of the following girls: Martha Hedges, Colmnbus; Jean Horr, LaGrange; Vivian l^eterson, Chicago; Barbara Hoover, Elkhart; and Margaret Oliphant, Marion, 0.
Iowa 7, Notre Dame 6 Sparked by Nile Kinnick, Iowa’s halfback deluxe, ^ the smprising Hawkeyes stunned 46,000 fans in downing Notre Dame, 7 to 6, at Iowa City yesterday afternoon. An Iowa victory over the Irish had not occurred since 1921, but past annuals didn’t worry the Hawkeyes as they eliminated Irish aspirations for the n^ythical national championship. The tables were turned for the Irish as the one-point margin of victory that has been enjoyed by Elmer Layden’s men in two previous games was reverted to their opponents for a change. It was Kinnick who, late in the second quarter, plunged into the end zone for Iowa’s lone touchdown, after which he converted the extra point. Notre Dame’s main offensive drive came in the last half when , Milt Penpal, junior fullback, broke through for six points, but Lou Zontini’s try for the extra point missed the mark, and as a result, the Irish suffered its first defeat in the last 37 games. Minnesota 20, Michigan 7 Before 60,000 wild-eyed fans, Bernie Bierman’s Gophers stopped Tom Harmon and gained possession of
the Purdue Exponent iService Directory
• Professional
• School Suppliaa
Risk Dental Clinic DR. FAUL A RISK DR. LUTHER A RISK . DR. HAROLD J. RISK ’ 4th 6r Main IJban# 5T01
"DEAC“ Everything for a College Education
• Florists
• Dairy Products
Dornar's Flower Shop Quality Flowen Main at 7th Phana 6050
M. {.MOREHOUSE ' DIARY QUALITY MILK Phone 462H
• Locksmith
• Hardware
KEYS & LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycle^, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 3th St. Fhane 2121
OutfNtera for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Ptwne 4354
• Dina ALTER'S CAFE OPPOSITE THE FOWLER ^ Formerly Hutton's Good Food •— Courteous Service
the Little Brown Jug by scoring a 20 to 7 win over Michigan. Minnesota’s counters were scored by Van Every, Frank, and Smith, while the lone six-pointer for Michigan was the result of a pass, Harmon to Cromer. The game was the first conference win for the Gophers, and the second straight defeat for Michigan. Illinois 7, Wisconsin 0 Jim Smith’s 81-yard run after he had dropped back to heave a pass gave the Iliini a 7 to 0 victory over Wisconsin. Beautiful blocking enabled the sophomore back to race through the entire Badger eleven. Wisconsin’s last minute drive was interrupted by the final gun with the ball on the Iliini one-yard marker. Ohio State 61, Chicago 0 Scoring seemingly at will, the Big Ten’s pace-setting Buckeyes shredded the Maroon eleven for nine touchdowns in piling up a 61 to 0 score. The victory was the fourth straight conference win for the Francis Schmidt squad, and shoved the Maroons almost out of the Big Ten. Fordham 13, Indiana 0 Invading New York for the first time with its football squad and 113-piece band, the Indiana eleven was dropped in defeat by Jim Crowley’s Fordham Rams, 13 to 0. Led by Eshmont, sterling back who galloped 74 yards for one touchdown and aided in the scoring of the other, the Rams added another intersectional victim to its list.
USE EXPONENT CLASSIFIED ADS
MARS —ONE DAY onlymatinee AND NIGHT SAT., NOV. 18
GEDRGE ABBOTT HIT I
itanima IJA€ic§E mmm with riMNK M.OLVNN it DUNN • evmuA oorns • A Stage Play • DIRECT FROM BROAOWAT ALL SEATS RESERVED BOX OFFICE OPEN DAILY 11:00 A. M. to 9:00 P. M.
ADM.
Mat. 55-83-1.10-1.65-2.00 Eva. 83-1.10-1.65-2.00-2.50 -—Tax Included—
SEASON RESERVATIONS FOR THE FOUR STAGE PLAYS MAY STILL BE PURCHASED AT A GREAT SAVINGS.
KoI^oh'a ■ QhoicsL By Robert J. Deckard A hole is a hole, and the Boilermaker football aggregation found out all aboijt holes during the first three quarters in yesterday’s 25th renewal of its gridiron series with Northwestern at Dyche Stadium in Evanston, 111. —^fc— During these periods when Coach LynnWaldorPs men pushed, threatened, and otherwise almost scored, the Riveters assumed a stubborn attitude versus any further attacks by the Northwestern backs and forward wall as it worked itself into a frenzied stew trying to put the potato across the goal line while in the shadows of the visitors’ goal posts. —fc— The Boilermakers knew what it was to be in that hole. But the Riveter forward wall made its scrap books come to life in those perlexing situations, recalling 'those stories which blazed across the sports pages calling the nation’s attention to the fact that Purdue has an outstanding line. And yesterday those clippings a’wi'jnt came to life. Northwestern was stopped. —^fc— Then the Boilermaker backfield, which is faster than a jack-rabbit with floating power, went crazier than a ricocheted bullet, tossing passes, running the cucumber down to scoring position and finally shoeing a three-pointer in the final quarter. —^fc— Mike Byelene again entered the game at the timeliest moment in the fourth quarter and ripped around end for a 43-yard jaunt to the 17-yard stripe. One Jack Brown, who had played a sterling game at half, packed the pill to yard number four. And Fred Montague, assisted by Brown, cinched the Boilermaker cause with his first field
—^fc— Morally the game belonged to the Wildcats. They negotiated 337 yards as against PU’s 182. They played ^uch headier ball than Purdue. They took advantage of the breaks in a more efficient method. They matched the reputedly-fine Boilermaker aerial attack. But the scoring punch is the thing in a football game. —^fc— Lou Brock, right halfback, excelled in his job as a punter yesterday. Incessantly he set the Cats back in their own territory, his long boots aiding the Boilermakers when they were in the proverbial “hole.” —^fc— Leon DeWitte, two-headed fullback, also contributed his> share to
U. S. Govt. Graded Beef FRESH ^CUdotL. CuiA. MEATS Compare your present canned good prices with our summer purchased BIRDSEYE prices on the following Fruits and Vegetahles *
PEAS ASPARAGUS CORN LIMA BEANS
BROCCOLI CAULIFLOWER SPINACH SQUASH
PEACHES STRAWBERRDSS BLUEBERRIES RASPBERRIES
FROZEN BIRDSEYE VEGETABLES
LAFAYETTE FOOD LOCKERS
5355
PHONES - 2971
Riveters Win (Continued from page 1) Northwestern, led by DeCorrevont, who passed and ran the ball for fotnr straight first downs, reached the Boilermaker 13-yard line only to lose the ball on a fumbled lateral. Blocked Punt A blocked Purdue punt, however, again gave the ball to Northwestern deep in Purdue territory, and DeCorrevont tossed a pass to Clawson to give the Wildcats a first down on the Pimdue four-yard line with five seconds-4;o play. Conteas attempted another field goal, the ball resting on the 16-yard line at a rather difficult angle, and missed to end the half. The same Northwestern story was true in the third quarter. A punt partially blocked by Cutlich and recovered by Chambers put the ball on the Boilermaker 30-yard line. In four downs the Purple failed, but later in the period Northwestern drove across midfield to the point where McGuro fumbled and Laveme Johnson recovered on the 43. Two Byelene to Shackleton passes sent the Boilermakers to the Northwestern 27-yard line, but they lost the ball on downs. Soper’s forward pass to Daly was intercepted a few minutes later by Mike Byelene on the 26 and retvirned to the 36. On the next play Mike swept around right end, ran down the sideline, apd carried the ball 44 yards to the Northwestern 21. Winning Kick The same Mike Byelene threw a pass to Rankin on the 12-yard line and Rankin carried the ball on to the four-yard line. On the fourth down, with the ball on the five-yard line, Montague was sent into the game to try a field goal. Brown held the ball while.Monty sent it through the cross bars for the three points which won the game. the punch. Allen Shackleton, redheaded quarter, in his role in the game’s dramatis personae, played a speedy part. Dave Rankin, Frank Bykowski, Basil Petry, Dick Potter, and Whitey Johnson were potent linemen in this game which is destined to go down in Purdue athletic history because of the almost unbelievable comeback the Boilermakers made in the final quarter. I-M Schedules PRACTICE BASKETBALL GAMES Monday Court 1—Kurtz 7:00—Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 7. 7:16—Cary Hall 8 vs Cary Hall 2 8 ;26—Cary Hall 13 vs. Cary Hall 16. _ 8:40—Cary Hall 14 vs Ward 11. Court 2—Brinduse. 7:00—Cary Hall 3 vs Cary Hall 9 7:16—Cary Hall 10 vs. Cary Hall 4. 8:26—Ward 7 vs. Ward 25. 8:40—Ward 6 vs. Ward 27. Court 3—^Aronson. 7:00—Cary Hall 11 Vs. Cary Hall 6. 7 :16—Cary Hall 12* vs. Cary Hall 6. 8:26—Ward 26 vs Ward 14. 8:40—Ward 22 vs. Ward 13.
TOUCHBALL Monday Field OSicial 4—Theta Chi vs Alpha Tau Omega. McGrath 6—Kappa Sigma vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. Papurca 6— Sigma Pi vs. Phi Kapiia Tau. Juillard 7— Cary Hall 6 vs. Cary Hall 7. Close 8— ^Ward 11 vs. Ward 24 Luce 9— ^Ward 14 vs Ward 6. Mann
Boilermakers Will Tackle Wisconsin Next Saturday By Bob Swaim Next Saturday, when the Boilermakers invade Madison, will probably find the Wisconsin eleven in a desperate state of mind. In four conference games this season the Badgers have still to enjoy the luxuries of victory, having fallen before Indiana, Iowa, Northw^tem, and niinois thus far. Opening the season against th& University of Texas, the Badgers found the southerners to much devoted to aerial play, and dropped the tilt, 17 to 7. However, the Badgers weren’t shamed by this defeat, as the Texans proved themselves to be of high caliber by deadlocking with Oklahoma the following weekend. The next aggressors invading Camp Randall were Marquette’s Hilltoppers, who came with the sole intention of gaining intra-state supremacy. But the Madison men proved to be one point better than the Hilltoppers, ekeing out a 14 to 13 thriller. Riveters Hit Stride On the other hand, however, the Boilermakers have discovered that they really can win ball games against first-flight teams, apparently hitting their stride yesterday with the three-point victory at the expense of Northwestern. With plenty of confidence under their belt, they will be driving toward a possible share in the Big Ten title, although the chances are rather remote. The loss of Howie Weiss, AllAmerican fullback choice, by graduation last spring greatly weakened the Badger attack, which had been spurred by his all-around ability for three seasons. This year Coach Harry Stuhldreher’s running attack has been shared among several hard running backs.
WBAA Monday 11:00—Prof. V. L. Albjerg, History of the 19th Century 11:50—Purdue News Flashes 12:00—Agricultural Forum 12:15—Sports Review JL2:30—Luncheon Dance Time 12:46—Town Crier 1:00—Monitor Views the News 1:15—Song Time 1:30—Story Time 1:45—Market Reports 2:00—Magic Carpet 2:15—Mary Louise Switzer, pianist 2 ;30—Foods—Facts—^Fancies 2:46—Religious Emphasis Week 3:00—Little Red Schoolhonse of the Air 3:30—Scientific News Review 4:00—American Family Robinson 4:45—Story Book Hour
EYES OYER THE CAMPUS
Ciincra GyG$ dig biinkinj on the nation's campuses to record wery ectivity end event of interest and importance to you. ueh blinit means another graphic picture of college life— end the best of these thousands of photos are brought to you In our Collegiate Digest picture section. Aecureteiy end graphically axplainad with write-ups that tell the complete story behind each picture. Collegiate / Digest’s photos give you e true Record of campus life t^ay. Follow this college picture parade regularly in The Purdue Exponent
faad year piciwas ef lift and aefivlttas on our mraus toi Coiltaiata Dig^ S^on, 323 Fawlm Blm.. MtanaaMlIs, Minn. All pkelot imd tra paid for at legdar aditorlal ralas.THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sundoy, November 12, 1939
Personnel Notes
Company: Firestone Tire and Rubber Company. Representative: E. W. Oldham. Visiting Purdue: November 16, 17, and 18. Interviewing: Seniors in EE, ME, CliE, and Chemistry for employment. Literature on the company is available in the main offices of the EE, ME, ChE schools and chemistry department. Group Meeting: Those interested should sign np and plan to attend a group meeting to be held in the EE lecture room at 4 p. m. Wednesday, '‘November 15. Company: The Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company. Representative: T. W. Prior. Visiting Purdue: November 20. Interviewing: Science, Engineering and other seniors. Employment is available for 15 engineers interested in manufacturing, three engineers for sales engineering, two research chemists with PhD degrees in organic chemistry, 20 sales prospects for retail and wholesale merchandising, 16 opei’ating prospects for field accounting, five internal accountants for cost and general accounting, three export prospects— two for sales and one for accounting. Must have foreign language qualifications. Literature on the company is available in the main offices of the various schools. Those interested should sign up for consideration. Group Meeting: There will be a group meeting for seniors selected by the head of their school at 9 a. m. Monday, November 20. Company: Proctor & Gamble Co. Representative: Thomas Law-
rence.
Visiting Purdue: Tuesday, November 14. Group Meeting: EE lecture room 4 p. m. Tuesday, November 14, for ME, ChE, EE seniors and those who are receiving degrees majoring in chemistry. An aptitude test will be given at this meeting to all those interested in employment in this company except men receiving PhD degrees. Literature on the company is available in the main offices of the schools concerned. Those interested should read this bulletin and sign up early to take the test. R, R, Skelton . . . CE ’23, professor in the civil engineering department. University of New Hampshire, is the author of j a recently published research report entitled “Cement-Sawdust Concrete for Poultry Houses and Dairy Barn Floors.” Requests for this circular number over 18,000 to date, 100 of which were from foreign countries.
Science School . . . students and faculty are invited to attend a reception to be given in the Union ballroom on Tuesday evening at 7:30 o’clock. Ruth Bennett, in charge of the program, urges complete attendance so that all will be able to enter into the general get-acquainted attitude
that will prevail.
Classified
Ads FOR RENT
FOR RENT—Room in new home, private entrance. Call 3B271.
Union Show Plans Additional Tryouts • Tryouts for the pony chorus and specialty acts of the Union show were held Thursday night and will continue tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock in the reception room of the Union. All who have already signed up or are interested should be there. Musical tryouts for solo and chorus parts will be held Wednesday, November 16, at 4 p. m. The place has not yet been determined but it will be announced in the Exponent soon.
be held In room 103 of the Armory on Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, Friday, November 13, 14, 16, 17, at 4 p. m. for the “B” hour and B p. m. for the. “A” hour. —CAPT. THOMPSON
Silver Mask: Important meeting Tuesday, November ”14, in the Union at 7:15 p. m. All members are urged to be present. —WEIiDY,
Scriveners; Meeting Sunday, November 12, at 7:30 p. m. at 202 Waldron. Bring manuscripts. Guests are coming. —MUNRO
PIA Men’s Choms: Convocations this week make it inadvisable to meet. Next meeting may be Tuesday, November 14, instead of the Thursday followit^. —ARCHIBALD.
Outing Club: Roller skating party at Maple Point on Wednesday, November IB, at 7 ;30. Skating until 10 iSO; anyone wishing to go must get tickets for skates before leaving for the rink. Call following for tickets and transportation: Marge Ward, 41111; Marcile Long, 2823; Fred Cordua, 3B293; George Shawkins, 6B714. All students are invited. —SHAWKINS.
Alpha Zeta: Banquet changed to November 29. Pledge test and initiation as Scheduled. Actives be present at 7 p. m. Tuesday, November 14, at Ag Hall, room 208. Pledges shall appear prompt&r at 7:80 p. m., Tuesday. —HITCHCOCK. Kappa Delta Pi: Because of Religious Emphasis Week, the' regular meeting will be postponed until Tuesday evening, November 21. —NEAL.
All Sophomores: Interested in working on Union are invited to a mass^ meeting which will be held in the Reception room of the Union at 4 p. m., Tuesday, November 14. Sophomores already out for Union are asked to attend as important information will be presented. —ROYCE.
Exponent Staff: There will be a special Military Ball edition Friday night. All copy should be in by Wednestoy, November IB. Ree the list in the office. —WILLSEY.
CE 22 Conditions: The ei;aminations -to remove C grade in CE 22 (Elementary Structures) will be given in room 801 of CE building from 1 to 4 p. m. oh Saturday, November IS. Please consult me at once. -^ONESON Cyclists: If you are interested in forming a bicycle club meet Tuesday, November 14, at 7:30 p. m. in room 207 of the Mechanical Engineering building. —WEED.
Mixed Recreation: Sponsored every Fj;1day at 7:80 p. m. by Sportswomen in Women’s Gymnasium. Wear tennis shoes for volleyball, badminton, shuffleboard, and ping pong. Bring dates for swimming— boys 10 cents. Everybody welcome. (11-lB) —MATHER.
Pi Tan Sigma Pledges: Pay initiation' fees (?20.00) to H. G. Kolb, 103 University street, before Sunday, November 12, at 9 p, m. •—KOLB
ME 61 & 62: An examination for removal of conditions will be given in each of these courses on Saturday, December 2, at 1 p. m. in room 301 ME building. Those intending to take either of these examinations notify me before November 2B. —^BOLZ
Sophomore Union Workers: Our staffs meet in the Puttering room of the Union Monday, November 18, at 4 p. m. —hoffer, crow. Christian Science Organization: A regular meeting will be held Tuesday, November 14, ip the Reception room of the Union. —FRANTZREB.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE—Tux, size 38. Call B1761. TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable maohines as lew as $29.76. ' Supplies. 0. F. Ebershoff, 69$
Main Street.
Notices
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
Military Ball Committee: There will be a meeting Tuesday, November 14, at 4 p. m. in the Armory. —BUTTEF'"’™”'
ERFIELD.
Union Sophomores: Bowling staff please meet in Union office on Monday, November 13, at 4 p. m. —SEIBERT and BROOKS
Camera Club Members: Photo mount boards are now available at the West desk of the Union for use in the coming exhibit. (11-16) -HOFFER.
LOST AND FOUND
LOST—Blue kid gloves, white stitching. Between Pi Beta Phi house and Education
building. Phone B041.
Purdue Agriculturist: There will be a meeting of the business staff Monday, November 13, at 4 p. m. in the Engineer office. —WHITHAM
' Men’s All-Campus Bowling Tournament: Entries must be turned in to Student Union office by Thursday, November 23. —BROOKS
LOST—Log log duplex slide rule with R. C. McNeil ingraved on. Call 3301. Re-
ward.
LOST—Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity pin at pep session Friday; between Union and Stewart Field. Call Thomson, 3301. Reward.
Gold Peppers: Meeting Tuesday, November 15, at B p. m. in room A of the Union. Very important that all members be present. —MITCHELL
• LOST—Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity pin on Saturday night. Call 3301, Bausman.
Reward.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, November 14, in room 2S4 of the EE building at 7 :30 p. m. Everybody welcome. .—PITCHER
Senior Tactics: Make-ups for hours missed during the week of inspection trips will
The ODDS are HEAVY TODAY AGAINST the person whose clothes are unclean and unpressed! We all need every “break” we can get! AMERICAN Can help you,to win! Vine Sf. a • ^ t jm Vlione 132 American Laundry 3^35
What Is College? To one great phrase-maker, college is the apprenticeship of life. To us, college means ail this, and more, too. It means study and research, athletics and activities, community living and bullsessions, parties and performances, classes and examinations, grades and graduation. Add to these the thousand and one events of a college career, and you get the true answer to "What is College?" And to get a true picture of all phases of college life, readers of this paper get accurate local news in our own columns and "national college news in picture and paragraph" in our Collegiate Digest picture section. Follow Collegiate Digest’s picture parade and complete local news regularly in this newspaper.
Send your pictures of aclivities on our campus to; Collegiate Digest Sect ion, Minneapolis, Minn.
The Purdue Exponent
wm
.. / 1
i
Mi
present a galaxy of Glamorous New Formats
—a new shipment, just received in time for the Military Ball. *BOUFFANT NETS with tight fitting basque bodice. *TULLE BALLET DRESSES embroidered with irridescent sequins and cut in wasp-waist silhouettes. *TEPID PASTEL CHIFFONS with full skirts and shirred waistlines. *MOlRES . . . *TAFFETAS . . . *SATINS . . . Our collection includes the identical styles shown in the November issue of Mademoiselle. Sizes 9 to 17 ... 12 to 20
Prices Start at:
.95
9
(f)
U
Others to $49.50 Complete your ensemble with smart accessories. Dainty Lingerie Sheer Stockings Glistening Jewelry Evening Bags Evening Jackets ' Dainty ’Kerchiefs Choose your favorite imported perfume and your correct Make-Up under advice of our trained cosmeticians.
Jf^^re Celebrating Our 69th Anniversary Sale With Excellent Values All Through the Store. Niay We Have the Pleasure of Serving You? LoeVs Formal Shop - Second Floor