|e
X
'1^
", >
- 7
‘h® Purdue Exponent
VOLUME FORTY-NINE
Lafayette, Indiana, Sunday, September 26, 1937
NUMBER 12
The Weeks NEWS
Washington Back in the White House the first of the week after a brief rest at Hyde Park, President Eoosevelt lost no time in getting into the accumulation of work, in holding important interviews and conferences. A few hours after his session with Secretary of State Cordell Hull, the China bound steamship Wichita put in at San Pedro, Calif., for supplies When she resumed her journey it was “without her cargo of barbed wire and 19 Bellanca planes. An embargo on all “arms, Ammunition, or implements of war” been declared. Wednesday evening the news spotlight shifted from Washington to fall on the President’s special 10 car train moving swiftly across the nation to the west coast. Stepping out on the platform of his car Thursday, Franklin Eoosevelt told a Boone, la., audience, “I am not making a campaign trip . . . merely doing what I think every President should do.” The President, Mrs. Eoosevelt and party motored through Yellowstone National Park Saturday with the President’s son-in-law and family, Hearst Publisher John Boettiger, of Seattle, Wash. Supreme Court Justice Hugo Black cut short his London holiday Monday and sailed secretly for the United States. He will arrive in Baltimore next week to “face the music” and answer charges that he is a member of the Ku Klux Klan. Thursday the Catholic Club of New York City launched a national campaign to force Black’s resignation from the Supreme Court bench because of his alleged connections. Out of Washingto* came the announcement Friday that the National Eepublican Committee favors a “grass roots” convention. In a meeting last week the committee laid plans to revive the party. National Climaxing the second uprising within the week at “Devil’s Island” — Alcatraz federal prison — a convict viciously assaulted Warden James A. Johnston in the prison mess hall Friday. Kansas Kidnapper Burton Phillips, identified as the attacking culprit, was one of the hundred odd prisoners who twice mutinously laying down their tools, defied prison routine. Bleeding about the head and face from the blows of Phillips’ swinging fists, Johnston was hurried to the prison hospital, examined, found free ^rom skull-fracture. Downtown pedestrians in Shelbyville, Ky., late Monday night saw violent death when Brigadier General Henry H. Denhardt was shot to death by three brothers, Eoy, Jack, and Dr. E. S. Garr. Denhardt was to face his second trial Tuesday for the recent murder of his widow fiancee, Mrs. Verna Garr Taylor, sister of the three attackers. Surrendering to police authorities, the Garr brothers weer quickly indicted. Free on bond, they are now planning a self-defense plea. Turning from Fifth Avenue parades, and the frolicking festivity of their 19th convention, in New York City, to ballot boxes Wednesday, American Legion war veterans elected 43 year old Massachusetts Lawyer Daniel J. Doherty national commander. His selection by the 1,339 delegates was unanimous. “Just too much weight for the base beneath,” engineers explained when a million dollar Wyandotte, Kan., WPA dam suddenly collapsed last week. Without warning wide cracks appeared in the roadway atop the large earthen dam nearing completion. A moment later the (Continued on Page 4)
Boilermakers Victorious, 33-7, Over Hinklemen
Announcer Dumont Arrives Tomorrow
Paul Dumont, NBC staff announcer, is expected to ai’rive on the University campus tomorrow to assume his duties as master of ceremonies on the Purdue Pontiac Varsity Show of October 8, Except for a short interval during which Dumont loaned his efforts to Erwin Wasey and Company, advertising firm, he has been with the NBC announcing staff since 1927. Although transferred from one department to another, Paul Dumont continued as special event commentator, covering a wide range of activity from Hoaver’s inauguration to a Yale-Harvard rowing regatta at New London, Conn, Writing, acting and directing for many NBC programs, Paul Dumont will come to the campus with nearly ten years of experience which he will use in directing Purdue’s halfhour on the national hook-up. WAA Invites Faculty And Students To Inspect Cabin Students and faculty 9,re invited by W.A.A. to the Cabin openhouse this afternoon from 3 to 5 o’clock. The Cabin is on the E. B. Stewart property, on the road behind Eussell field. Game facilities, including horseshoes, ping pong, badminton, pickup sticks, and the kitchen, library and living room, will be shown. Pauline Swick, with assistant hostesses Dorothy Newman, Alice Harrington, and Mary Ellen Deleplane, W.A.A. president, will conduct the openhouse and serve refreshments. “A group wjll leave the Women’s Gym at 2;30 p. m., for those who' are interested but don’t know the location of the cabin,” Miss Swick announced. Dairy Cattle Judging Team\ Journeys To Waterloo, la. I Four seniors in the University’s school of agriculture who compose the University’s student dairy cattle judging team, left yesterday for Waterloo, la., the scene of the Dairy Cattle Congress, in order to compete in the national collegiate dairy cattle judging contest. The team chosen, coached, apd now being accompanied by Professor J. H. Hilton, is composed of: Martin Underwood, Summittville; A. A. Siebenthal, Wolcott; H. V. Cobbs, Eoanoke; and Stanley Overbeck, Holland, Firemen's School Will Be Held Odober 27-28 Over 300 firemen are coming to the University October 27 and 28 to attend the fourth annual Indiana Fire School. This course is sponsored by the Purdue Safety Institute in cooperation with various firemen’s associations throughout the state. The sessions will be in the nature of a short intensive training course dealing with methods of firefighting and first aid.
15.000 Witness Initial Grid Struggle Of Year
By J. S. Brown
The Butler Bulldogs fought hard yesterday afternoon in Ross-Ade Stadium, but the boys in Gold and Black refused to be beaten, and ended up by putti^ng the Bulldogs to rout with a score of 33-7 ^s 15,000 fans looked on. The Butler squad, one of the few undefeated teams in the country last year, put up a good fight, but was outplayed most of the time. The first half was rather slow. Purdue’s superiority was evident from the start, but the score of 7-0 at the half belies this. Probably the outstanding kick of the game was gotten off by Blackaby, Butler fullback, in the first quarter. Kicking from the shadow of his own goalposts, he booted the ball 78 yards down the field to the Boilermaker 30.
Scoring ,
Most of the scoring was done in the third quarter. The Boilermakers pushed over three touchdowns and kicked one point-after-touchdown for 19 points. Butler’s lone touchdo3^ came the first play in the last period. Purdue added another tally to their score with three minutes
left in the game.
Blackaby, Butler’s star fullback, from last year, was the outstanding man on the Blue and White squad. His fine kicking and defensive work got his team out of mAny a tight spot. Broderick at quarterback and Welton at half also turned in fine
performances.
Slow Getting Started The Boilermakers were slow in getting started, but in the third period after they got under way they looked plenty good. Cecil Isbell didn’t show much until after the half-way mark, but then he got back in his old form, making several long runs and tossing some very nice passes. Two out of three of his kicks for point-after-touch-
down were good. Starting Lineup
Purdue Butler Powell LE Perry Schreyer, C LT Hauss Verplank LG Wuest Humphrey C Connor Grant EG Schofield Woltman ET Weger Zachary EE Vandermeer Hennis QB Broderick Cecil Isbell LH Welton Selby EH Constantino Juska FB Blackby OFFICIALS—Eeferee, Dick Miller, Indianapolis; umpire, O. F. Helvie. South Bend; field judge, George Yarnelle, Wabash; head linesman, Eussell Julius, Indianapolis.
First Quarter
Butler wins toss and chooses to kick. Blackaby kicks to Juska on 30 yard line, Juska advancing to 43 yard line, Juska gains seven yards. Selby goes through tackle for no gain. Selby gains two yards on spinner. Isbell kicks out of bounds on
Butler’s 25 yard line. Blackaby loses three yards, tackled by Schreyer. Blackaby kicks to Purdue’s 20 yard line. Isbell returns to Purdue’s 27 yard line. Juska goes through center for 10 yards, tackled by Blackaby. Selby makes three yards through left tackle. Ball on 44 yard line. Isbell makes three yards on spinner. Blackby tackles again. Selby tackled on line of scrimmage by Weger. Isbell kicks out of bounds on Butler’s 24 yard line. First and ten to go for the Bulldogs. Blackby goes through right guard for a yard and a half. Second and nine for Butler. Welton fails to gain, Schreyer tackling him. Blackaby kicks out of bounds on Purdue’s 43 yard line. Isbell loses one yard at right end. Blackaby stops the play. Isbell passes to Zachary for 11 yard gain. Ball on Butler’s 48 yard line. First and ten for the Boilermakers. Boilermakers Threaten Butler calls first time out of game. Isbell gains 25 yards on a spinner. Isbell passes to Selby who laterals to Schreyer, Schreyer advancing to Butler’s 11 yard line. Isbell gains a yard through tackle. Isbell fakes pass, runs to the five yard line. Fourth down and one yard to go. Selby is stopped dead at
tackle.
Butler’s ball on their own one and one-half yard line. Blackaby kicks to Isbell on Purdue’s 35 yard line. Isbell advances to his own 37 yard line. Butler takes time out. Purdue sends Dewitt in for Juska and Brock in for Selby. Brock makes one and one-half yards through tackle. Isbell makes two yards through tackle, stopped by Macek Brock makes a yard through tackle. Isbell punts to Butler’s 22 yard line where it is downed by Powell. Purdue Offsides Blackaby is stopped at left tackle. Purdue penalized for off sides, Schreyer was the guilty man. Welton makes one yard. Third down and four yards to go for Butler.
G. A. Young Trophy Winner Undecided Who is the winner of the G. A. Young Trophy given to the University school represented by the largest percentage of its members in the “Cord Day” parade ? Prof. G. A. Young, donor of the trophy and dean of the mechanical engineering school, said last night the matter of deciding the winning school rests in the hands of a committee, whose membership he would not disclose. Young said that the committee would not reach its decision until Monday. Meanwhile public service engineering seniors are claiming title to the Young Trophy on basis of a 100 per cent turnout in the parade.
Welton picks up another yard, Blackaby kicks to Isbell on Purdue’s 28 yard line where Cec fumbles it, but recovers on the 18 yard line, ' Purdue tak6s time out. First and ten for the Boilermakers. Cec was slightly injured on the last play. Isbell failed to gain at tackle. Wuest made the tackle. Isbell goes over guard for two yards. Third down and eight yards to go on the 20 yard line. First quarter ends. , Second Quarter Isbell passes, it becomes incomplete when Zachary drops the ball. Fourth, and eight yards to go. Isbell punts to Butler’s 25 yard line where Powell downs ball. Constantino loses two yards at right end. Blackaby passes to Constantino for a two yard gain. Blackaby kicks to Isbell on Purdue’s 40 yard line. Isbell returns to 45 yard line. Isbell passes to Brock for 22 yard gain. First and ten on Butler’s 38 yard line. Again Isbell passes to Brock for a ten yard gain. First and ten on Butler’s 18 yard line. Butler takes time out. Maloney and Fitzgerald
go in for Grant and Woltman. Purdue Scores Isbell’s long pass to Hennis is complete. Second and ten for Purdue. Isbell gains two yards at center. West makes tackle. Isbell passes to Zachary for touchdown. Isbell’s conversion is good. Hennis holds the ball. Score: Purdue 7; Butler 0. Krause, Thursby, and Morningstor are substituted for Boilermakers. Butler kicks off to Momingstar on Purdue’s 20 yard line. Momingstar returns the ball to his own 40 yard line. First and ten to go for Purdue. Isbell passes to Dewitt, who fails to gain; tackled by Wuest and O’Conner. Isbell’s long pass goes through Brock’s hands. Mackiewicz’s pass to Krause is incomplete. Ball knocked down by Constantino. Brock kicks to Welton on Butler’s 20 yard line. Welton returns the ball to Butler’s 30 yard line. Broderick picks up two yards. Blackaby passes to Constantino for a yard gain. Third down and seven to go on Butler’s 32 yard line, Blackaby’s pass is incomplete. Blackaby punts out of bounds on Purdue’s 46 yard line. Shackleton substitutes for Hennis. (Continued on Page 3)
Today In The Churches
West Side M. E.—Eev. McFadden will teach the men’s Sunday School class at 9:30 a, m. and Mrs. McFadden will teach the co-ed class at the Wesley Foundation. At 5 o’clock at the Foundation House, a 15c supper will be served. Following this, Epworth League meets at 6:30 with Don Hurd and Julia Peek leading the discussion on “Personal Independence.” West Side Baptist—Mrs. Mather, former missionary to Africa and now a member of the church, will speak to the Sunday School class at 9:30 a. m. The social hour at 6:30 will be in the form of an amateur radio hour, and a 10c supper will be served at 6 o’clock. At the Eoger Williams Club at 6:30, Dr, H. B. Haas, of the University chemistry department, will speak on the sub-
ject, “How to Get Along With People.” Central Presbyterian — Sunday School class at 9:30 a. m. will be taught by Dr. G. H, Graves, of the University mathematics department, Morning Worship at 10:45. The Sunday Evening Club will meet for a light supper at 6 o’clock and a discussion afterward at which Prof. H. Kenn Carmichael, of the University speech department, will read a play by Eugene O’Neill, entitled “Day W^ithout End.” First Christian — Sunday School at 9:30 a. m.. Morning Worship at 10:40, and a discussion program in the evening at 6:30. St. John’s Episcopal—^Holy Communion at 8 a. m., Morning Services at 10:45, a light supper at 6 p. m., followed by a discussion program at 7 o’clock.
Many 1937 Graduates Find Employment In Chosen Fields
Word of several 1937 University graduates and tl^eir new found positions reached the Exponent yesterday from Stewart Howe Alumni Service, the organization handling alumni contacts for many University fraternities. Showing definite proof that good times are here again for the University graduate, the list shows that the men are employed for the most part in positions in their chosen field of work. The list, which follows, contains only members of pertain fraternal groups, but is representative of employment conditions among all recent! graduates. Alpha Tau Omega S. K. Bell, member of Kappa Psi, honorary pharmacy society, is now working for the Muir Drug Co., and G. F. Bowman is connected with the same firm. Dick Hedlund, who took several
Playshop leads while at the University and was a member of Theta Alpha Phi, honorary dramatic society, is now working with Trane Co., in LaCrosse, Wis. L. E. Hexamer, forestry graduate, is now working in the University department of forestry. E, E. Johnson, who was a member of Scabbard and Blade, Skull and Crescent, and the Fraternity Presidents’ Council, has a position with the Indiana Bell Telephone Co. in South Bend. P, A. Eoehm is working on his father’s apple orchard in the northern part of the state. P. M. Eogers, who was a member of P.O.M.M., is now in Wadsworth, 0., with Ohio Injector Co. J.'^C. Vaughn, member of Catalyst and Phi Lambda Upsilon, is now taking graduate work at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Delta Upsilon George Bell, last year’s football captain, star center, member of Gimlet and the “P” club, is now in Sharon, Pa., working with the Sharon Corp. Nicke Blury, member of Pi Tau Sigma, P.O.M.M., and Scabbard and Blade, has a position with American Brake Shoe Mfg. Co., in Mahwah, N. J. Eugene Berg, who was a member of Pi Tau Sigma, A.S.M.E., and University band, is working for the Link Belt Co., in Chicago. Jack Blakely, another A.S.M.fl. member, is working for the American Blower Co., of Detroit, Mich. Wiliam Gilbert, A.S.M.E. member, is with the Babcock and Wilcox Co., manufacturers of steam boilers, Joe Godfrey, A.S.M.E. member and basketball manager while at the
University, has a position with Del-co-Frigidaire. Harry Hughes, last year’s Delta Upsilon chapter president and member of the “P” club’. Gimlet, and A.S.M.E., as well as president of the Student Athletic Association, is working for the Pittaibm-gh Steel Co., at Monesson, Pa. George Long, also a D. U. president, land member of A.IJB.E., is working for Delco-Frigidaire. Lambda Chi Alpha Edward Yok^l, who was a member of Skull and Crescent and University Glee Cluj), while at the University, is now working for Yokel and Sons, of Evansville. Ben Brion is taking patent law at the University of Michigan. Phi Delta Theta Bob Cross is teadhing vocational agriculture at Dover. (Continued on Page 4>!t?'fiV;v'V-;';;' ^■■■^ ’’-' 4;:.:i':--::,f--v- ,■ .-
s:^:
'■
'S ■- •wv■^ •
:,;Vr.'
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday# September 26,1937
the Purdue Exponent
Founded in 1889
MEMBER i^seciated gblWotate l^ress
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. - College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York. N. Y. CHICAGO ^ Boston ■ Los Angeles ■ San Francisco
Editorial Phone 6037 Campus Subscriptions $3 per year
OFFICE—312 Ndrth Fifth Street Lafayette, Indiana
Business Phone 6038 Mail Subscriptions $3.60 per year
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
R. P. Manion
This newspaper ig written, edited, and_ published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All_ opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student Opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief. Editorial Staff MANAGING EDITOR — - J. E. Brock ASSOCIATE EDITORS ...D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance SOPHOMORE assistants L. C. Farquhar. G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. L. Olson, B. T. Loveridge, G. A. Torrence, A. B. Keller, H J. Deckard, D. Paarlberg, G. J. Tafel, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson. Co-ed Staff CO-ED EDITOR Elizabeth Pyke ASSOCIATE EDITORS .Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee. ■' SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS....... Mary Davis, Patricia Heine, Patricia Henry, Alice Martens, Yvonne Price, Mildred Ross, Emily Sawdon, Georganne Schilling, Helen Steffee, Katherine Thrasher, Betty Wickard, Joan Wimborongh.
BUSINESS MANAGfER ...... D. C. Miller Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate, of postage provided for iii section 1103, act of Oct. 3,. 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Business Staff . ASSISTANT BUSINESS MANAGER J. P. Girard Local Advertising Staff LOCAL ADVERTISING MANAGER...., R. R. Hensler SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS....... E. A. Antonini, W. A. Beman, V. R. Daugherty, H. R. Gingher. National Advertising Staff NATIONAL ADVERTISING MANAGER W. J. Gillilan SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS J. R. Fonts, J. R. Drever, H. W. Neviri. Circulation Staff CIRCULATION MANAGER M. C. Reeves SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS... _...W. F. Berg, R. L Lippman,' O. E. Lorenz, W. E. Smith. Sports Staff SPORTS EDITOR. Ri F. Obenchain ASSOCIATE EDITORS. J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer. SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS.. ............G. W. Bruer, C. W. BrPwn, J. Collins, W. H. Murray, W. F. Qualls, J. A. Hebbeler.
NIGHT EDITOR .. .D. A. Bailey ISSUE EDITOR... .0. L. Olson SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1937 '
EXPONENT PLATFORM 1. Improve student housing conditions. 2. Promote student honesty on tests and final
examinations and in the preparing of laboratory reports. 3. Stimulate the University instructional staff to better teaching methods.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
By Mary Cooley Faculty members at Ohio State University may seeing themselves as others see them soon when the new Student Senate project is completed. Students are turning the tables on their instructors—^the Senate has prepared a blank for students to grade instructors. This survey will be used in departments whose chairmen approve. The points to be considered are: knowledge of subject, preparation, clarity of presentation, sense of proportion, ability to express himself, method of expression, opportunities for questions and discussion, ability to arouse interest, organization of subject matter,frequency of quizzes assignments, course contents, original thinking required, textbooks, discipline, attitude between instructor and students, availability for conference, fairness, appearance, self-confidence, general background, and sense of humor. li: He 9|i * Phi Delta Theta fraternity, with a present enrollment of over 45,000, has the largest membership of any national men’s fraternity. 3|: # * * Did you ever hear of the “Duke and Duchess Club?” It sounds like a take-off on the Windsors, but it’s
not.
The purpose of the organization is to set up a scholarship fund that will assist in the education of future students who are lucky enough to have mothers who are Duke University alumnae and fathers who are.alumni. There have been over 400 marriages of Duke graduates, and the many birth notices in The Register (Duke alumni magazine) through the years indicate a growing list of that second generation of Duke folk. Some are now or already have been Duke students—genuine Duke thoroughbreds, they’re called. So those fellows who got both their Duke diploma and th^ir Duke lady-love are now being canvassed for five-dollar bills, which are being accumulated for the potential $2,000 or maybe $10,000 that some day is going a long way toward helping some of those second generations remain four years and get their diploma “just like mother and dad did.” " ^ It: * “An ant is ten times stronger than an elephant. A load twenty times its own weight can be carried by an ant while an elephant can barely drag twice its weight.” Good logic, but don’t try any of that kind in geometry class! * * * * This is how the Judge ended a 27 year-old task. While enrolled in the School of Law at Missouri, Judge Merrill Otis was pledged to Acacia fraternity, but was never initiated. Last January he went through
What, Where, When? By Sally McKee
Letters To The Editor
By Sally McKee ‘Tickets for two, please. Thank
you.”
Etiquette prescribes that the lady go down the aisle first unless there is no usher. In this latter case the gentleman should lead the way after an . inquiry as to where his companion wishes to sit. And after the show, ladies go first again, but there’s another unless here—unless .there is a crowd. If there is, then the young man may “block” a way through, with the lady following.
At the risk of repetition, we ask: Why don’t some people use more than monosylables ? Ansrway, here goes. The English language is made of words invented for the expression of English speaking people; ideasj, desires, and knowledge. So use it. People usually ask questions to get replies that will not only answer their problems but also throw some light on the subject. Oh, so irritating it is to expect an explanation from either fellow student or instructor of “Do wheels go around?” and get the soimplest answer “Yes.” Make an October resolution to think before answering an inquiry with an unqualified or unexplained
yes or no.
the full collegiate ceremony, with none of the rough stuff barred. Among those present to congratulate him was his daughter, a junior in the University of Missouri, and a Chi Omega pledge. ^ Judge Otis, who is now a Federal Judge in Kansas City, was graduated from the university. He received his A.B. degree in 1907, and his L.L.B. in 1910.
ARC
TODAY AND MONDAY
Letters to the editor must be fairly short and must be accompanied by the writer’s signatures. Unless otherwise requested, the author’s name will be published with his letter. If, for reasons obvious to our readers, we see fit to withhold any namq, that name will be held in strict confidence. The Exponent assumes no responsibility for the opinions voiced herein. Seniors Also Play A Fine Game
. C
Dear Editor: When do we laugh ? The seniors and their disgusting actions today,. have sacrificed whatever reputation our football boys did build up in the eyes of the Butler fans and their own classmates. Cut from today’s programs is the following notice: “The drinking of intoxicants in the Ross-Ade Stadium is prohibited by the rules of Purdue University. Violators will be excluded from the stands.” And yet our special police overcords from an intoxicated student, looked the removal of the yellow and the gentleman who was injured in the resulting brawl. And why did our cheerleaders encourage the ludicrous mimicry of one other wouldbe comedian ? Today our football team impressed Butler with its power, and our Purdue seniors have impressed Butler with their drunken demonstration. Among those sober, - M. C. W.’39 S. M. M. ’39 Ri L. L. ’41 Everyone interested in allcampus golf sign up at the Memorial Gymnasium and pay your ten cent entry fee at the intramural office.
Still Kampussing.
Flash:
Bill Bodden came out on the short end of the horn for the first time in his life. Chuck Ehinger still has that down on his upper lip. You ought to know better, Bill; you can’t beat a man of ’38. Three SAE frosh stormed the sacred precinct of the Debris oflSce in quest of a hare: and now— The sun won’t shine. But moons’ may pine. For the Frosh of SAE. They did try., But—my—oh—my— They could not ply ^ The hair neath Chuckers’ eye. Now your day is o’er, my boys, And likely you will learn Those sticks aren’t toys, my boys. But things that burn and burn. What popular faculty member hit the high spots with Alice (HelloSugar) Parlon last summer ? Have a heart, Alice. From “One who knows”: The Kappa Sig seniors resided at a tourist camp during mustache week. Were the Frosh too rough, boys ? Wonder is WRH Ruth Hauptly would endorse Granger Mean Cut ? Paid Ad., , I, Eastburn, tender my resignation as a date fixer-upper. I would appreciate a few calls on my own hook, however. Give the poor girl a break, Sally.
Report:
That Union prexy, Tom Sheets, has a Purdue co-ed complex. He isn’t satisfied with one date an evening. Wonder what he told Louise Bain when he broke the date ?
“Mind if I watch ? I’m studying first aid
SUBSCRIBE TO THE PURDUE EXPONENT
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
The Outstanding Picture of the New Season! The Woman You Will Never Forget COMMON, TAWDRY, MAGNIFICENT ^ ^ Barbara Stanwick IjOHN BOLES-ANNE SHIRLEY ■ IN
TODAY-TOMORROW
KIPLING’S grandest story... now a screen epic to thrill and touch your hneirtl
STARTS TODAY uiim
iHOTCHA AS A CO-ED’S DIARY! FUNNY AS A FRESHMAN’S FLIVVER!
--PLUS- , Cartoon in Color
vose, [00m
Tom Brown Eleanor Whitney
—ALSO— Guy Kibbee and Alice Brady in “MAMA STEPS OUT” —PLUSrScreen Song
■n
STARTS TODAY—DOUBLE FEATURE
■ NEW^
Norman Poster
o i-iic SHOW that turned all America into a cheering section!w
WKWIWBBiSI
w^<
Sunday, September 26, 1937
THE PUHDUE EXPONENT
Fielders Choice
With the stands three-quarters filled with students, Boy Scouts, alumni, and 11 public service engineering seniors, the Boilermakers football team started their season in grand fashion yesterday by beating Butler 33 to 7 ... approximately 40 players from the Purdue squad saw action. The entire team should be given credit for the victory ... of course, Cecil Isbell, Woltman and Schreyer appeared as possible “All American” material, but they were not the only ones . . . Brock and Morningstar, both sophomores, were outstanding . . . the star on the Butler squad was Blackaby, senior fullback. —^fc— Tomorrow is the opening day for the intra-fraternity golf match . . . three men from each fraternity will enter this intramural event... softball is already underway, while get underway this week or next, touchball and Sigma Delta Psi will passports were, we cannot say . . . / —-fc— Just how efficient the new student the seniors all walked in on the strength of their cords . . . one or two of them held up their ticket books as they staggered through the gate. . . . Stitistics Of Game Y^rds gained from scrimmage: Purdne, 368; Butler, 54. Total yardage gained: Purdue, 496; Butler, 91. Passes: Purdue, 27 for 128 yards; Butler, 17 for 37. Purdue, 7 completed, 17 incompleted, 3 intercepted; Butler, 5 completed, 8 incomplete, 4 intercepted. Penalties: Purdue, 15; Butler, 0. First downs: Purdue, 28; Butler, 12.
I. M. Department Plans Track Meets Four intramura^ phases of cross country competition in the University will take their places on the scl^edule this fall as “Chief” Clevett cooperates with track coach Harmon Phillips in uncovering hidden material and at the same tipie carries out the year’s full intramural program. No Letter Men With only letter men in cross country and track ineligible for the running, October 13 will mark the dpening meet which will be an in-ter-school contest. Any man placing m the first* five in this event will be entitled to an inter-school sweater, details of which are posted on the bulletin board in the Memorial Gymnasium. Next on the record comes the inter-fraternity race on October 21. A trophy will be awarded to the winWng team, as is the usual custom, and medals will be given to the members of the winning combine, also participation points will be given out. Teams In all of these events, the competition will be run on the basis of three man teams. Any entree may enter four men but the first three men to finish, count. October 27 witnesses the interward contest with medals to the winning team and to the first three places, no man being able to acqjuire more than one token of his prowess, however. Last Meet Inter-fratemity freshmen will finish up the program on November 18, with a type of participation in cross country which covers five weeks and is further drawn up on a complicated point award basis which is too lengthy to discuss here but which is carefully detailed in the releases to fraternity athletic managers.
Final Scores
Purdue, 33; Butler, 7. Ohio State, 14; Texas Christian, 0. Illinois, 20; Ohio University, 6. Indiana, 16; Centre, 0. South Carolina, 13; North Carolina, 13. Case, 14; Lehigh, 7. Tulane, 7; Clemson, 0. Navy, 45; William & Mary, 0. Davidson, 21; Erskine, 6. Tulsa, 14; Oklahoma, 7. Pittsburgh, 69;Uhio Wesleyan, 0. New York U., 37; Penn. Military
6.
Dartmouth, 39; Bates, 0. Colgate, 21; St. Lawrence, 0. Michigan State, 19; Wayne, 0.
Brown, 20; Connecticut State, 0.
Minnesota, 69; North Da Marquette, 14; Ripon, 0.
WBAA
Tomorrow
11:00—American Institutions—Prof.
Robert Phillips
11 60—Purdue News Flashes 12 '00—^Agricultural Forum—John Sheay, J F Bullard. 12.16—Luncheon Dance Time. 12 :30—Sports Review—Bob Heme. 12:46—Songs & Melodies 1.00—Don Bowden—popular songs. 1:16'—Can You Pronounce It? 1 '46—Market & Weather Reports.
Tuesday
11:00—Dental Forum. 11.16—^Home Helps and Happenings. 11 'SO—Morey J. Doyle, Pianist. 11:60—^Purdue- News Flashes. 12:00—Jo Friend. 12 il6—^Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30—Russ Graefnits^—^piano. 12:46—Songs & Melodies. 1.00—Journalism Today—Prof. Hugh McKee 1 'Ib^—-Electrical Shop. 1 '30—The Bang Family. 1:46—^Market & Weather Reports. 2:00—Afternoon Musicale. 2 -16—Metal Shops. 2.30—You and Your Child. 2:46—Treasure Chest—John Deitrich. 3:00—Melody Review. 8 :30—^Typing School of the Air. 4 00—The Story Book Hour. 4:16—Ivah Gruver Price—contralto. 4 -30—American Family Robinson. 4 '46—Twilight Musicale.
Standings
National League
Won
Lost
Pet.
New York
88
64
.620
Chicago
86
69
.593
St. Louis
79
67
.641
Pittsburgh
77
68
.630
Boston. ^
74
71
.510
Brooklyn
61
85
.418
Philadelphia
58
87
.400
Cincinnati
56
87
.399
—Results— National League Chicago, 6; St. Louis, 2. New York, 7; Brooklyn, 3. Boston, 2; Philadelphia, 1. AMERICAN LEAGUE
7.
Won
Lost
Pet.
New York
98
59
.624
Detroit ...
85
60
.586
Chicago
80
63
.559
Cleveland
76
68
.528
Boston
' 74
68
.521
Washington
70
74
.486
Philadelphia
48
94
.338
St. Louis
44
101
.303
—Results—
American League
St. Louis,
4; Chicago,
3.
-
New York
5; Boston,
2.
In this frosh competition, attendance will have to be checked at required times at the stadium, and any freshman may receive any assistance or advice he desires from Phillips.
Washington, 6; Philadelphia, 3. Deddes Consolidation With Senior Tennis Enthusiasts With all-campus tennis already under way and into the second roqnd, this coming week will witness the start of the other tourna-
ments.
Because of a meager turnout on the part of the faculty, that staff will not have a separate meet but will be consolidated with the seniors. After these contests are finished the top two men in each class, the finalists, will then meet in another finals round to decide the school championship.
0t)iu^ wait? SubiJUubiL Jb JthsL £xf^MtsitL jtodcu^!
Purdue Vidorious Over Butier Yesterday; 33-7 (Continued from Page 1)
End Zone Pass Fails Mackiewicz fumbles but recovers for a three yard loss. Brock makes brilliant 34 yard run, and goes through line for 26 yards. First and eight on Butler’s eight yard line. Brown goes in for Brock. Machiewicz’s pass into the end zone is incomplete; Thursby dropped the ball. Second down on Butler’s eight yard line, Mackiewicz is stopped a line of scrimmage by Broderick. Brown’s pass into the end zone is incomplete. Butler gets the ball, first and ten, on the 20 yard line. Welton makes eight yards around end. Welton, again, makes four yards. First and ten for Elutler. Blackaby loses two yards on a faked reverse. Welton goes through tackle for one yard. Fourth down and eleven yards to go. Blackaby punts to Purdue’s 42 yard mark where the ball is downed. Nesbitt makes one yard over left guard. Second and nine for Purdue on their 43 yard line. Brown’s long pass is incomplete. Nesbitt makes three yards, Nesbitt punts to Butler‘’s five yard line. Welton returns to six yard line. Blackaby kicks to Nesbitt on Sutler’s 42 yard line. Nesbitt is stopped on Butler’s 33. Butler Recovers Purdue Fumble Butler recovers Purdue’s fumble on their own 31 yard line. Purdue off side. First and five for Butler, on their own 36 yard line. Blackaby’s pass is intercepted by Morningstar who returns the ball to Butler’s 30 yard line. O’Conner intervenes on Nesbitt’s long pass and returns the ball to Butler’s 30 yard line. The first half ends. Score: Purdue 7; Butler 0. Third Quarter Butler kicks off to the Purdue 15 Hennis returns to 17 yard line, and Weger makes tackle. Isbell fails to gain through tackle. Isbell fumbles and Butler recovers on Purdue’s 20 yard line. Welton loses a yard at right end. Second down and eleven yards to go for Butler. Connor loses a yard at right end. Welton drops another yard. Fourth down and 15 yards to go. Constantino’s pass is incomplete. Purdue’s ball, first and ten on their own 25 yard line. Isbell’s pass to Brock is good for 34 yards, Blackaby making a beautiful tackle. Juska fails to gain at right tackle. Isbell makes 12 yards on a spinner. First and ten on Butler’s 29 yard line. Juska drives 29 yards for a touchdown. Isbell fails to convert extra point. Score: Purdue 13; But-
ler 0.
Butler kicks off to Brock on Purdue’s ten yard line. Brock returning the ball to Purdue’s 35 yard line. Isbell is tackled by Hauss after netting six yards, ^^utler takes time out; Macek is injured, and carried from the field. Boilermakers’ ball on their own 41 yard line, second and five. Isbell goes through center for 25 yards. First and ten on the Bulldog 33 yard line. Brock makes a beautiful 33 yard run for third Boilermaker touchdown. Isbell’s kick is good. Score: Purdue 20, Sutler 0. Woltman kicks off for Purdue to the Butler goal line. Blackaby returns ball to Bulldog 26 yard line. Constantino’s fumble is recovered by Purdue on the Butler 25. Vjrverberg laterals to Dewitt 11 yard gain. Dewitt goes wide around end for Purdue’s fourth touchdown. Score: Purdue 26; Butler 0. Woltman’s kick is wide. Butler kicks to Vyverberg on the Boilermakers’ five yard line. Vyverberg returns ball to the 25 yard line. Winchell fails to gain at tackle. Vyverberg’s pass is intercepted by Broderick. Butler’s ball on Purdue’s 40 yarji line. First and ten for the Bulldogs. Winchell downs Boa after a three yard gain. Purdue takes time out. Butler completes pass to Purdue’s 19 on interference. First and ten for Butler. Spohr n^kes yard and half on a short pass. Boa’s pass to Lanahan is good for 14 yards. Butler’s ^all on Purdue’s five yard line first and five. Boa makes three yards through tackle. Second and two. Blackaby stopped cold at center of the line. Third quarter ends at this point. Fourth Quarter Butler’s ball on Purdue’s two >ard
Freshman Tennis
TOMORROW 4:15 pissell vs Vaughan Bloom vs Alston R. Taylor vs J. Powell Faut vs Curry Drain vs Wagner Newton vs Brockman Kline vs R. W. Anderson Fleming vs~Breeden Frey vs Sommer Corem vs D. S. Campbell Weiner vs Darrow Deale vs Croxall Reese vs Dehoog Goodwin vs Hesterberg Czvizler vs Fosse Douglas vs Underwood Hagresheimer vs Dunn Caldwell vs Smith Sophomore Tennis 5:00 M. Jones vs Gershuny Tillson vs Stroub Leshner vs Frye Nicklas vs Meyer Berg vs Pogue Catterall vs Thompson McGrath vs Boksenbom Meyer vs Hebbeler Woodson vs Smith Junior Tennis 5:00 Juve vs Oyler Blitz vs Monger ^ Little vs Ludberg Crump vs Duval Foxwori^hy vs Lownie Kosowicz vs P. E. Johnson Lown vs Ruth Taylor vs J, H. Johnson Topping vs Richardson
line, third and goal. Welton’s pass to Conner nets first Butler touchdown. Blackaby converts. Score: Purdue 26, Butler 7. Blackaby kicks for Butler to Nesbitt who returns the ball to Purdue’s 36 yard line. Nesbitt makes 12 yards through tackle. First and ten. Nesbitt passes to'Ippolito for an 18 yard gain. First and ten on Butler’s 30 yard line. Butler takes time out. Blackaby Drives 12 Yards Nesbitt loses four yards. Hauss plows into tackle. Second and 14. Nesbitt makes two yards at left guard. Nesbitt’s short pass is incomplete. Nesbitt’s pass is intercepted on Butler’s 30. Blackaby nets three yards. Blackaby makes a first down on his own 43 yard line. O’Conner goes through tackle for four yards. Blackaby plows through guard for 12 yards. First and ten. O’Conner goes through tackle for three yards. Ball is on Purdue’s 35 yard line. Shackleton intercepts Blackaby’s pass. Purdue’s ball on their own 34. First and ten, Purdue. Purdue is penalized 15 yards. Nesbitt gained a half yard in pass. Brock loses a yard at center. Nesbitt’s pass to Thursby is knocked down by Broderick. Fourth and 11 for Purdue. Time out for Purdue. Ippolito Intercepts Mackiewicz kicks to Welton on Butler’s 40, who returns to Purdue’s 37 yard line. First and ten for Butler. Craig recovers own fumble for a four yard loss. Welton’s pass was incomplete. Third and 14 for Butler. Boa’s pass is intercepted by Ippolito on Purdue^s 30 yard line. First and ten, Purdue. Mackiewicz gains two yards at tackle. Mano of Butler is injured on the play, but continues to play. Mackiewicz fumbles and ball is recovered by Conner of Butler. Butler’s ball on Purdue’s 40 yard line. First and ten for the Bulldogs. Morningstar intercepts a pass by Boa and races 60 yards to a touchdown. Score: Purdue 33, Butler 7. Mackiewicz’s kick goes true. Score: Purdue 34. Butler 7. Morningstar Kicks Off Morningstar kicks off for Purdue^ Craig retui'ns the ball form his own ten to the 25 yard line. Boa makes three yards through center. Seecond and seven., Craig passes to O’Conner on the Bulldog 39 line. First and ten for the Hinklemen. Boa’s pass is intercepted by Morningstar who laterals to Selby. Selby is dropped on Butler’s 46 yai^d line. Winchell goes through tacklu for 14 yards. Mackiewicz’s pass to Stewart is ruled incomplete. Winchell’s pass is intercepted by Stalcup as the ^me ends. Final score; Purdue 3S» Butler 7i1
ll
4 •
jT-rjj
■w-pwe
i '
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday, September 26,1937
The Week's NEWS
(Continued from Page 1) whole central section settled and split. Thursday’s baseball games just about established the certainty that fans this year will have only to shuttle between ball parks on New Yoik subways to see the World Series. Small chance now remains for the Chicago Cubs, second fiddle to the New York Giants to claim a series dugout. Yanks vs Giants is apparently the series set-up. Tennessee’s drys Friday acclaimed their 2 to 1 victory in state-wide prohibition referendum. Wets however say the question will have to be settled in the end by municipal vote.
Foreign
Signing of the nine-power Naval agreement to protect shipping oif the coast of Spain last week failed to halt piracy in the Mediterranean. The French steamer Koutoubia carrying 700 passengers was mysteriously attacked by an unidentified plane in civil war Spanish waters. No casulities were reported. Italian, French and British naval experts finally got close enough for a cross-the-table discussion of II Duce’s participation in the antipiracy agreement. Mussolini agreed to send warships to help patrol Spanish coasts. White Russian Generals Eugene de Miller and Skobline, formerly of the Imperial Russian army, members of the anti-Soviet organization in France, suddenly disappeared from Pans Wednesday. French secret service agents believe the former army officers may be aboard the Soviet freighter Marya-Ulyan-ova. / Paris officials view their disappearance as evidence of the enmity between Communists and Fascists. On January 26, 1930, a high officer in the late Czar’s army, walked out of his Paris home into oblivion. No trace of him was ever found. Pressure from the British throne, according to London press dispatches, has forced the Duke and Duchess of Windsor to abandon their planned visit to the United States. Generalissimo Francisco Franco, Spanish insurgent leader, apparently made a step toward Rebel recognition last week, when Loyalist Spain lost its seat in the League of Nations. The Spanish government may hereafter send a representative to council, but can no longer vote. Nazi stormtroops stiffened, Nazi soldiers goosestepped, and Nazi crowds cheered as Benito Mussolini greeted Adolf Hitler yesterday in Munich, Germany. Meeting for the second time in their spectacular careers, the two dictators surveyed a scene of Nazi militaristic pomp with benevolent smiles. Meanwhile all Europe tried to forecast the outcome of their conference, scheduled for tomorrow, at which the destinies of nations may be discussed.
War
Reverting to warfare reminiscent of ancient Dutch defense tactics last week, Chinese forces blew up banks of rivers and canals 15 miles southwest of Peiping in a desperate effort to save 50,000 of their own troops by flooding the countryside. Col. John Marston, commander of marines in Peiping, informed 150 Americans there he would provide them transportation as far as Chefoo, where they could board a boat for Manila, Philhpine Islands. In the face of Japanese threats to annihilate the city, 230 Americans fled from the Chinese capital, Nanking, United States Ambassador Nelson Johnston transferred diplomatic documents to the pati’ol boat, Luzon, for safety. Foreign naval commandeis warned Japan their countries would not tolerate destruction of their nationals’ property in Nanking. The storm Japanese commanders threatened to loose on Nanking broke for the first time Wednesday when more than 50 Nipponese planes dropped tons of high explosives and incendiary bombs on the Chinese capital. Thursday Japanese flyers attacked the city again. More than 2,000 non-combantants were reported
killed.
Oriental religion stopped the war in the Far East on all fronts for ten minutes as the quarter of a million Japanese soldiers in China dropped their arms to pay homage to their emporer as a descendant of the sun goddess. Japanese officers claimed they had shot down 66 Chinese airplanes on all fronts during the week. Chinese military authorities asserted they had wiped out five of the six battalions in the Japanese Tashaki detachment in a fierce 3-day battle near Lotien. Cholera spreading through the Japanese army for the first time took 200 lives. An additional 300 Japanese soldiers were infected with the dreaded plague. A total of 1600 cases were reported in the International Settlement of Shanghai. Paotingfu, Chinese stronghold 80 miles to the southwest of Peiping, fell before a Japanese force which wiped out its garrison. Climaxing the week’s fighting with a display of most m6dern war methods, Japanese forces spread asphyxiating gas on Kuan, 35 miles north of Peiping, and captured the city. Nine Nipponese planes bombed and machine-gunned Wuchang, industrial nerve center of the Chinese nation on the south side of the Yangzte and killed between 100 and 200 non-combantants. Labor CIO^Boss John L. Lewis was oratorically flayed last week by Indiana A. F. of L. leaders for his recent radio criticism of President Roose-
velt.
At La Salle, 111., on Monday, President Reuben G. Soderstrom of the Illinois State Federation of Labor told his annual convention delegates that Lewis was a “modern Judas,” a “Simon Legree.” He declared unfavorable public sentiment would force the CIO back into the ranks of the A. F. of L. within four years. Dissatisfaction with the National Labor Relations Act was voiced by delegates. They complained that administration of the law is interfering with the stability of labor contracts made by responsible unions. Local strikes threatened Indiana manufacturing centers last week. CIO employees of Showers Brothers Furniture Company at Bloomington walked out Wednesday. A. F. of L. workers made no attempt to pass CIO pickets and return to work. A strike at the Kennedy Carliner and Bag Company in Shelbyville was averted when that company signed an agreement with the A. F, of L. A settlement of the strike at the plant of Standard Brick and Tile Corporation of Evansville ended a five-week old shutdown. Nearly 200 employees of the National Furniture Company in Evansville walked out on strike Thursday by order of the United Furniture Workers Union, a CIO affiliate. Ag Frosh Will Attend Livestock Round-Up Freshmen in the school of agriculture who are interested in animal husbandry will be guests of the Animal Husbandry Club and faculty at the annual livestock tour and round-up barbeque to be held at the livestock farms next Wednesday evening. A tour of the barns under the direction of Prof. F. G. King, head of the animal husbandry department, will start at the pavilion at 4:15. The affair is held annually to introduce freshmen to facilities offered and to give them an oppor-
Many Graduates Find Work In Chosen Field (Continued from Page 1)
Arthur Farwell and John Guthrie will enter the Navy Air Corps at Pensacola, Fla. John VanNatta, former business manager of the Debris, and jnember of Iron Key, Pi Tau Sigma, Gimlet, and many other honorary organizations, is with the American Steel Co., in Chicago. Dave Williams, last year’s Phi Delt president, has a position with Washington Water Power Co., in Spokane, Wash. Phi Gamma Delta John F. Brubaker, who was a member of Eta Kappa Nu, Scabbard and Blade, and many campus musical organizations, and Robert W. Loehr, a distinguished student seven times out of his eight semesters, member of Tau Beta Pi, Eta Kappa Nu, Student Senate, and the Fraternity Presidents’ Council, are both working for the Westinghouse Co., in Pittsburgh, Pa. William Smythe is with the A. C. Spark Plug Co., in Flint, Mich. Woodhall Spitler, member of P. O.M.M. and Scabbard and Blade, is with Goodyear Co., at Akron, 0. Paul Vernor, ex-ca;^ain of the University Swimming Team, member of Dolphin club and Pi Tau Sigma, has a position with the Bailey Meter Works, at Cleveland, O. Bob Walpole, member of Sigma Delta Chi', associate sports editor of the Exponent and “fielder’s choice” columnist, is with the American Foundry and Furnace Co., at Bloomington. I Walter Lempke, member of A.I. E.E., is with the Illinois Bell Telephone. Robert Lucas, who made three baseball letters and captaincy of the team and was a member of the “P” club and Scabbard and Blade, is working with the Corn Products Refining Co. Carl B. Coombs, member of A.S. M. E., is working for his father in Indianapolis. Marshall Cusic is working for the Chain Belt Co. in Milwaukee, Wis. James Phillips, elected outstanding student in the forestry school, was awarded a fellowship at Syracuse. Sigma Nu C. R. Birbari, former member of Skull and Crescent, is with Donnelly’s Lakeside Press, in Chicago. J. A. Coddington, member of Catalyst and winner of track and football numerals, has a job with the I. E. DuPont Co., of Flint, Mich. J. C. Esterline, member of Student Senate while he was in the University, is working for the American Blower Co., in Detroit, Mich., as is J. O. Williamson, former member of Skull and Crescent and the Glider club. C. J. Trees, member of the Fraternity Presidents’ Council and Playshop, is managing the C. E. Trees Co., of Indianapolis. Freddy Wahl, member of Pi Tau Sigma, Tau Beta Pi, and Scabbard and Blade, is working with the In-gersoll-Rand Co., at Phillipsburg, N. J.
tunity to see livestock now being groomed for the International Exposition. The Animal Husbandry Club is an organization of upper classmen in the animal husbandry option. ,
ATTENTION STUDENTS 1938 RADIOS
—5 TUBES— AC-DC Powerful, selective and sensitive. Unusual radio performance at a modest cost. Has Built-In (Jode Rejection and Power Line Filter.’
$1.00 per week on our Budget Payment Plan FIRESTONE AUTO SUPPLY AND SERVICE STORE Phone 2903 ' 9th and Ferry Sts.
Love^ What Are You Doing To My Head? Ever since Helen of Troy kidded the boys into thinking her face was worth the launching of 1,000 ships and a lengthy war—and before that, women have been making men do foolish things. The beauty that makes men transform themselves into long-eared, Democratic symbols worked on a romantic freshman at Princeton University who met a lovely co-ed at a spring prom. Intoxicated with her beauty, he staggered home that night and penned her a Byronic-Swinburnian letter. But when it came time to address the envelope, he realized he had failed to get her name and address. Undaunted, he sent the letter to “The Most Wonderful Girl in South Orange, N. J.” A few days later it returned unopened and marked c/o Lost and Found, “To the Dumbest Boy at Princeton.”
Local Ads
STUDENTS — Grab this offer quick. Three brand new portable typewriters for only $15.00 each. Investigate. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street. East Side.
STUDENT WASHINGS — 214 West Columbia.
FOR RENT—Room for one, large desk, board for three. 317 Chauncey. Phone 4311.
FOR SALE—1 pair basic boots, Size 9-C, worn twice. Bargain price, Phone 7714, 217 South Grant.
LOST—Orange iShaefer pen between Union and Home Ec. Bldg.
Finder please call 2961.
FOR RENT—Half’of double room at 224 N. Salisbury. Phone 61774. WANTED—Bass fiddle, guitar, and baritone sak men. Call 5317.
SALE OR TRADE—Light Chrysler sedan, 30 model. Excellent condition. Call 41051—Simmons, 204
Marstellar.
ROOM AND BOARD—Vacancy for one student. 108 Waldron. Ph.
41852.
FOR RENT—Half of double room $10 per month. 422 N. Salisbury
Phone 2904.
or three students. 40 N. Salisbury. Excellent accommodations. See Mrs. Dray.
FOR SALE—1 pair basic boots. Size 9-C. Worn twice. Bargain pripe.
LOST—Purse in locker room of Women’s Gym Friday. Please return to Miss Knight, Women’s Gym. Reward.
LOST — Freshman Brinkley’s Chemistry book, Tuesday afternoon. Reward. Call Pinkerton, 55561.
Lost—Phi Pi Phi Fraternity pin between library and University St. Phone 2390.
Wanted — Roommate for senior mechanical in desirable ’room west of campus. Phone 4784.
Notices
University Orchestra: The following will report, Monday, .September 27 at 8 p. m., to the studio in Eliza Fowler Hall for rehearsal. This does not include several of those whose tryouts have been deferred: Appleyard, Bigelow, Diggins, Eberhardt, Greger, Hacklemati, Hart, Hartley, Hocker, Jewett, Jones, Kimmel, Newhouse, Orlowski, Peterson, Prgssler, Rifenburgh, Robertson E., Robertson J., Schlitter, Schoger, Schreiber, Schuttte, Senne, Stroup, Suardi, Thomas, Wood, Woodward, Wyzykowski, Zettel. —PHILLIPS.
W. A. A.: Cabin first aid meeting September 29, at 7 :16 in the Women’s Gym. All girls who are taking or intend to take the cabin leadeiship course should attend. —SWICK.
W. A. A.: Cabin open house Sunday, September 26, from 3 till 6. Students and fac-
ulty invited. A group will leave the women’s Gym at 2:30 . ^gwiCK.
Exponent Co-eds: Afternoon office has been changed from Fifth street to room_ E on the mam floor of the Memorial Union Building. Report promptly at four o’clock each day.
Union Workers: My committee will meet September 26 at 4 p. m. in workshop. —MATTHEWS.
Freshman Exponent Workers: The following freshman schedules have been made. Monday: Middleton, Musser, Lower. Tuesday: Beer, Strickland, Thompson, Wunderlich. Wednesday: Fournier, Gregory. Thursday: Robson, Gaddis. Friday: Connelly, McKee, Mcyets, Van Hook, Grass. Saturday: Blocker, Maudlin, Ross, Wheeler. Those named should report to the “stooge” on the night preceding their names on the above schedule at 4 p. m. at the Exponent office, 312 N. Fifth Bt., Lafayette. —BROCK. Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting to be held in Memorial Union Building, room B, at 7 :39 p. m. September 28. —WINTER.
Sophomore Engineers: Drawing plates for semester 1: PM 12, and semester 2: PM 11 and PM 12, may be had at room 202, Michael Golden Shops until October 4. —RISING.
Undergraduate Dames: Important meeting of active members is room A of the Memorial Union Building at 8 p. m. September 28. —DAVIS.
Cosmopolitan Club: Those desiring to go' to the picnic September 26 at 6 p. m. cSll Carraciold, 4B892 or Clevenger, 7471. —CLEVENGER.
Hockey: Seniors and sophomores practice at 4 o’clock, September 27. —DOBSON.
Purdue Student Alliance: Business meeting September 29, at 7 p. m. in room B of Union. All members are urged to attend. —BUCKLES.
Peace Committee: Meeting September 28 at 4 p. m. in room D of the Union. All delegates are requested to be piesent —BUCKLES.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Pledge tea at 4 p. m., September 29, in the faculty lounge of the Memoiial Union Building. All members and alumni please be present. —RANDALL.
Fuller Brushes—Bristle comb for $2.69, the modern hairl?rush. D. R. Douglas, 635 Perrin avenue. Phones
3417 or 36352.
FOR RENT—Large room for two
• Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
— Bookstores —-
— Hardware ——
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue
Student
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN
‘‘DEAC”
Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
— Recreation —
5 Sfiot 0lub 212 N. 5th St. “Profitable Recreation”
PROFESSIONAL
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
— Florist —
— Furniture —
^Jth J'JoJddd
Inc.
635 Main St. in Luna Theatre Building Phone 7955—8050
Student Equipment J’JdAfuiuAe Qo. 425 Columbia St. Phone 2728
^IllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllUillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllilllllllllillll!:
You Could Take a Drop of Milk Apart
If you were a scientist and had a microscope and all the rest of laboratory paraphernalia you could take a drop of milk apart and tell what it's made up of. Because most of us aremt scientists we must rely on those with whom we do business and that they, me giving us the best.
I SUNSHINE FARMS | j 4th and UNION Sts. PHONE 5015 | illlllllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllUIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIUIIIllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllNllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllliiiiiiiiiii^^^^^^^^