1 h
Purdue ^ Exponent
Volume 5L No. 91
Sundays, fonuary 14# 1940
Boilermakers Out-Class Badgers, 49-36
A Week Of War
By J. H. McKee TKe March of Mars Continued . . . this week with most of the activity in the air. German planes made numerous flights over the British coast from London to the Firth of Forth. In the Finnish-Russian war, bombers dropped their deadly missels on Helsinki. Planes were massed at a Russian air base in Estonia for a possible air assault on the Mannerheim line. British officials feared that the German air ‘blitzkrieg,’ that4hey have been expecting since the outbreak of hostilities, was in the offing. On land there was a lull on the Western Front. In the North the Finnish troops encircled the second and third Russian divisions in twelve days.
With the Coldest . . . January in Finnish history as their only ally, Finnish troops encircled the 44th Division of the Soviet army. The battle took place in the Suomussalmi area, at the wasp waistline in central Finland. In the South the Russian troops were reported digging in and surrounding their encampments with barbed wire, strengthening their positions for a drawn-out winter. The Russion’s route in central Finland was the second in 10 days. Large quantities of war supplies were captured, abandoned by the retreating Reds along the Ratte highway. A third Russian division was sourrounded Tuesday. On Four Fronts . . . Russian troops were pushed across their own frontiers after six weeks of unsuccessful attempts to crush the Mannerheim line. Heavy artillery was moved up by Soviet officials to pound the trenches and fortifications. Bombers were massed at the Russian air base in Estonia. Finnish officials believe that the Russians will launch their first major air offensive of the “vestpocket” ■war. A Copenhaqen . . . newspaper reported last week that the famed Russian parachute troops had been dropped behind the Finnish lines, but Finnish officials stated that all had been killed before they landed. Emotion Choked . . . the voice of Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain as he addressed the British empire declaring that British aid to Finland would “be more than mere formality.” The present events of the war with Germany were mere preliminaries to the main struggle that was to come, he said. The alliance owith France should become permanent in the interest of peaceful reconstruction after the war was over, he further asserted. “On the sea IS the only place that the war may be said to be in full progress.” Italy and Hunqary . , . concluded a defensive military alliance the first of the week.
Foreign Ministers of the two countries, Ciano and Osaky, drafted the military alliance. American Help . . . for beleagured Finland^was assured in a note sent last week to the League of Nations by Cordell Hull’s State Department. The notification came in the form of a reply to the League’s inquiry sent to non-member as well as member nations. President Roosevelt suggested last week to the press that congressional law-makers work out legislation to give the little Baltic republic financial assistance. In Moscow . . . the Soviet Union signed a little publicized but significant “trade and navigation” treaty with Bulgaria. While other Balkan nations SCI ambled to get under the allied protective wing, and Benito Mussolini was casting fearful glances at the Russian Bear by way of the Balkan states, Bulgaria was becoming more and more pan-Rus-sian. Local Tenor To Sing In Music Room Today Today’s regulai Sunday afternoon program in the music room of the Union will present as soloist. Flank Tiiboulet, tenor, of West Lafayette. His accompanist will be Mis. Seigel A. Andeison. Included in the afternoon’s program will be “Where’er You Walk” from “Semele” by Handel, “0 Paradise Soiti de L’Onde” from “L’Aflicane” by Meyerbeer, “Caro Mio Ben” by Giordani, “Lo Donna e Mobile” from “Rigolett” by Verdi, and “Lord, in This Thy Mercy’s Day” by Saint Saens. Tiiboulet will also sing “The Blind Ploughman,” by Robert Clarke, “In the Silence of Night,” by Rachmaninoff, “Over the Steppe,” by Gretchaninoff, “The Bird with a Broken Wing,” by Golson, “I Know of Two Bright Eyes,” by Clutsam, “Lossie O’Mine,” by Edward Walt, “The Lost Song,” by James H. Roger, and “Nichavo (Nothing Matters) ” by Mona-Zucca.
Doc Miller Advises Students, "Consider Your Health Hist" Twice every year the Exponent, in cooperation with the University Health Service, publishes a set of rules made out by Doc Miller. These rules conta'n what Doc considers to be the minimum essentials on how to cram and do it well. The time has now come for Doc to do his bit and we are very happy to turn you over to Dr. S. J. Miller Head of the Student Health Ser-
vice.
By Doc Miller Students cramming for finals are advised by the director of the Student Health Service to keep the following information in mind. 1. The use of stimulating drugs is always dangerous practice. A number of students have been using stimulating drugs for the purpose of enabling them (a) —to study for a longer periodof time preparing for final examinations, and (b) —to keep awake during examinations. 2 Students persisting in the use of such drugs are advised to consult the Student Health Service regarding the correct use of these drugs. 3. Six hours of sleep is the absolute minimum necessary each night. The advantages gained at the expense of normal hours of sleep are only imaginary. 4. Students in a highly nervous state of mind or unable to sleep the reqiiired number of hours should consult the Student Health Service at once. 5. Light meals and good ventilation of sleeping and study rooms will promote mental as well as physical well-being of the student. 6. Eyes are likely to bisdome tiled with long hours of constant study, but they will see more clearly if they have short periods of rest. Students should be sure that they aie studying under the correct
light.
The Majesties Flank Bykowski and Erma Berry weie elected king and queen of the Blanket Hop last night when 400 couples danced to the music of Michael Hauei’s orchestra in the Union ballroom.
Lambert Takes Compassion On Visiting Team But Purdue Reserves Fail To Be Sympathetic
By JOE DOLAN
Wisconsin’s basketball team, a team that shouldn’t possess any animosity for P. U. packed up and went home late last night, but not before it had said a prayer for Ward Lambert, Purdue’s hardwood boss, who mercifully held his net-mad basketeers in restraint last night in the Fieldhouse, disallowing them to humiliate the visiting Badgers any more than 49-36. Had not Piggy wished the Boilermaker offense culminated at the intermission, the slaughter might
have been little short of tyranical.
The Badgers were never a match for Purdue’s well-trained five. Obviously lacking in all important drills of fundamentals, the visitors were at the mercy of a squad of Boilermakers who know almost every trick of offensive basketball. The Badgers were very definitely not plastic enough to stem the Boilermaker
hardwood culture.
Rural Youth Members Meet As Ag Leaders End 38th Conference
CHANGE OF SCHOOLS Students who expect to change from one school within the University to another at the end of the present semester are advised to obtain the necessary blanks at once from the Registrar’s office. Ralph B. Stone, Registrar.
Over 400 rural youth organization members from 70 Indiana counties met in their final session yesterday morning, and state and district adult agriculture leaders held their wind-up sessions yesterday afternoon to officially close the 38th University agriculture conference. The unofficial final enrollment mark exceeded 7,500, according to legislation officials. A discussion of “Social Skills” by Dr. Edwin C. Palmer, of Kalamazoo, Michigan. An explanation of parliamentary procedure was also given at the morning session by George Byers, Lafayette. In his address before the farm young men and women, Palmer gave a discussion of “knowing how^ to get along with people.” He defined a successful life as one that “results from getting along well with fellow workers.” The annual lural youth banquet was held Friday, with George Doup, Columbus, state president, acting as toast master. All of the speakers and entertainers were ruial youth members.
Activites Bureau To Rnd Frosh Interviews Activities Buieau will conclude the interviewing of freshmen regarding their extra-curricular activities early next week according to Betty Jane Darr, in charge of intei views. Many freshmen who have been called for interviews have not as yet leported for a discussion at the Bureau. All freshmen who have not been interviewed are urged to leport as soon 'as possible to the Activities Bureau office in the Union. The freshmen will have one moie opportunity to become acquainted with activities at a mass meeting early next semester, but the advantages of a personal interview make it imperative that every freshmen keep his appointments, according to the Bureau.
The Scores
FG F 3 0 2 0 7 1
2 2 2 0 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
0 1 0 . 0 1 1 2 0 . 1 ... 2 0 0
d
0 0
' Badgers, First Blood The scoring of the evening was opened by Englund, who ultimately counted sixteen digits before the evening was over. His long side shot dropped through the iron, and the battle was on. He immediately hit a foul to make the Badgers a possessor of their last lead of the evening. Whew! More Blanken Blanken went to work for the Boilermaker cause then and there, and didn’t stop until Lambert jerked him two minutes before the half arrived with 15 points to his credit. Blankin hit a backhanded, right-hand push shot from the side of the floor; then came a foul by the Dundee demon to knot the
count.
Frosty Sprowl then let the 7,600 fans know that he, too, was around when he pushed, one-handed, a long heave from the foul circle through the net, and then duplicating this performance from the left side of
the floor.
At this point with the score 7-3, Purdue, some faulty passing on the part of a couple of Purdue feeders gave Wisconsin a brace of set-ups, and the Badgers were hanging on—
but that was all.
Fisher Controls Board
Danny Fisher put on an exhibition of how the basketball player should control the back-boards for five minutes during the mid-section of the initial half, at which time he took leather from both baskets passing and dribbling all over the place. Beretta added a couple of fouls to the home cause collabor-
Tryouts for the third of Play- with three goals by Sprowl’s shop’s four major productions will e^j^gatg^j j-ight hand.
Purdue (49)
Sprowl, f. Igney, f.
Blanken, c Beretta, g
Fisher, g
Hershelman, f
Conrad, f Tierney, f Galvin, f Loienz, g Adams, g Yeager, g Weber, c Bosse, f Swarts, c Caress, g Veinon, g
Totals
Wisconsin (36) Galliger, f Schwartz, f Englund, c
Strain, g
Rundell, g Scheiwe, f Epperson, f Andeison, c Schiage, g
Sims, g
Totals
30 9 16
12 12 14
Playshop Plans Tryouts February ?in Fowler Hall
be held in Fowler Hall, Fiiday, February 2, at 4 p. m., theater manager John Dietrich announced yesterday. Additional tryouts may be held at the same time Monday, February 5
if necessary.
It’s still a mysteiy as to what the title of the third production,
With two minutes to go Lambert removed the overheated Blanken, and the scoring subsided, the teams leaving the floor with the count 30-11, Boilermakers. Second Half Tierney, Yeager, Lorenz, Beretta,
mystery play, will be. Four have and Igney took up the fight at the been considered: “The Night of start of the second half, and again January 16th,” “In the Next Room,” the Pui-due score began to mount. “The Wobden Kimona,” and “The Alert playing on the part of Tier-
Spider.” Dietrich, who will direct the show, plans for a balanced cast, with approximately the same number of male and female parts. The play will be given March 6 to 9.
ney and Lorenz created three baskets in the first two minutes. Wisconsin, apparently rested, retaliated with three baskets, and then fell
into the doldrums.
Personnel Department Conducts Varied Special Talent Tests
By Bob Skallerup Lives there a man, with soul so dead, that he himself has never said, “I wonder how I stack up with the rest of the boys?” If there is such a guy, he should be quarantined. And even scarcer than this deadsouled individual is a University that doesn’t wonder just how much good it does its students. Well, the personnel department is working on the answers to these questions now and expects to come up with some fairly accurate methods of evaluation in about two years. They are giving a series of tests, and when the results of these tests have been collected and analyzed the University will be able to give these tests to an incoming freshman and tell him, on the basis
of his scores about what his chances of graduation are, what his aptitude for engineering is, and where he ranks with his classmates. And thereby hangs a tale. The Story Late last September, 260 freshman engineers, 4 of them girls, were chosen to take a planned series of tests, designed to tell them about themselves and to tell the Universty about them. Early in October, the tests began. Today, a little more than half completed, they aie still going strong. These tests cover almost every aspect of the individual. Nothing is left to guesswork. Mental ability is thoroughly tested. Previous knowledge of social usage, and
mathematical ability are all thoroughly investigated. Even personality is rated on the basis of a test which asks such questions as—^Do you feel that happiness depends on many friends? Study Habits Still other tests delve into the individual’s study habits and his ability to rgad and to comprehend what he reads since these are important factors in success at college. One especially important test determines how closely an individual’s interests agree with those of successful men in the different occupations. All of these test results are made known to the people who took the tests in order that they mhy profit
by the knowledge of just their natural abilities and preferences. Some of the tests, and the indications derived from the results, are very unique. In on'e test, the examinee grips a spade handle with a meter attached, and his “clutchpower” is determined. When this figure is divided by the weight of the individual, the result is believed to have a definite coi'relation to the person’s will power and determination. Physical Fitness In another test, an index of physical fitness is arrived at by measuring the rate at which the examinee’s pulse returns to normal after some moderate exerices. To estimate mechanical insight, the person is
given one by one eight boards full of the parts of mechanical gadgets which he has never seen. The speed with which he can build these, starting fi-om scratch, is closely related to ability in mechanical tiades. Although the tests have not been completed, the indication of those already bompleted is that Purdue engineers rank much higher in spatial relationship tests than do the freshmen in other univei sities. Investigators have found that this proficiency is closely related to manipulative mechanical skill. Give These Credit This program was originated by Dr. J. E. Walters, Personnel Director, and A. P. Johnson, assistant to the Personnel Director, who consid-
ered a number of tests from many sources such as Stanfoi'd University, the University of Chicago, and the United States Army, before finally selecting the 28 group tests and 8 individual tests now being given. Dr. H. H. Remmers, of the Division of Educational Refei’ence, Dr. F. B. Knight, head of the Department of Education and Applied Psychology, and Dr. Joseph C. Tiffin, Research Professor in Industrial Psychology reviewed the program before it started and made a number of suggestions to increase its effectiveness. M. R. Gmney of the GE department developed the mechanical insight tests, and Dr. F. R. Eastwood of the PE department cooperated in giving some of the physical tests.Qo-sid fidqs.
Sunday, January 14, 1940
Sfndent Committe Will Select 40 Seniors For Experiment By Personal Interview Tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock is the deadline for seniors to turn in application blanks for the marriage course which will be oifered by the University for the first time next semester. The applicants must do so before tomorrow afternoon. These blanks are available in the offices of Dean Matthews, Dean Fisher, Dean Stratton, Dean Enders, Prof. F. R. Eastwood, Prof. G. A. Young, and Dr. J. E. Walters.
This course which was approved last Monday night by the Executive Committee is the result of the work done by a student-faculty committee. In November 1938, a student committee, headed by Ruth Hall, was formed to investigate the possibilities of a marriage course in the University Vuniculum. The committee wrote to liberal art and tech nical colleges all over the country to find out about the various marriage courses offered by these schools. Last spiing the student faculty committee was foimed. It was composed of leaders in campus activities, and faculty members Dean Mary Matthew, Prof. F. R. Eastwood, Prof. 0. F. Hall, Dr. Bertha Rose, and Prof. Marian RusseU. This fan Ann Sickman, Louise Schickler, Jim Dean, and Don Paarleberg were appointed to the committee, and made the plans which were submitted to the Executive Committee. Ruth Hall is chairman of student-faculty committee. 20 Eds and 20 Co-eds The course will carry two hours credit and class meetings will be held on Thursday evenings from 7 to 9 o’clock. As the course is only in the expeiimental stage the enlollment will be limited to forty carefully selected senior students, twenty eds and twenty co-eds. They will be chosen from their application blanks and an interview by the Student Committee. An attempt will be made to have a cross section of the campus represented in the course. Classes will be conducted as a seminar and will be democratic and informal. A tentative suggestion of proceduie is to divide the class into three periods; the first devoted to lecture, the second to four group discussions with ten students in each and the third to summary and answeiing of questions raised by the differ ent groups.
Marriage The name of the new course will be “Marriage.” Course topics will include courtship, marriage requirements and adjustments, financing and managing, standards of living, recreation and use of leisure, parenthood and commuiiity relationships. References for further study will be given at the end of every class for the succeeding meetings and an elevation of topic material at the end of each unit. Dean Jordan has been added to the list of instructors previously announced. Other doctors and professors listed as tentative instructors are Dean Mary Matthews, Prof. F. R. Eastwood, Prof. 0. F. Hall, Dr. Bertha Rose, Prof. Marian Russell, Prof. J. A. Estey, Prof. E. L. Kelley, Prof. W. A. Hiestand, and visiting speakers for the martial lectures.
William L Ball
Classified Ads FOR SALE FOB SALE—Typewriter!. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as 129.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
FOR RENT QUIET ROOM in new fully insulated house. Innerspring mattress, continuous hot water: two blocks from Union 806 S Grant LOST AND FOUND Lost Women s gold Westfield watch Black band Return to 443 State St Call 2823 Reward
Notices
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m. Phi Lambda Upsilon: All members who ordered keys can get them from Dr. Hunt The membership certificates are also available for new members —SCHRADER
ROOM AND BOARD for two men students. $30.00 month Desirable new home, continuous hot water, inner spring mattresses. 805 Vine 75973
GENTLEMEN—Rooms in new home for second semester Twin beds, newly fur-
Reamer Club: No more meetings this semester Next meeting will be held Monday, February 5, in room F of the Union —REILEY Ag Chem Club Open meeting Tuesday, January 16, 7 30 p m Meet in library of Agricultural Chemistry building —HARPER
Radio Club: Equipment exchange Tuesday, January 16, in room 254, EE building at 7 30 p m Everyone invited —PITCHER
Modern Dance Groups. Junior and senior dance groups meet Monday, January 15, at 4 p m in the Women’s Gym Very important Be there —HICKMAN
SOTHERn .^VOURG RUTH HUSSEYi IAN HUNTI^R CLIFF EDWARDS
PIA Board Men^bers: There will be no more board meetings until second semester —HINSHAW
— AND
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting at 7 30 p m Tuesday, January 16, in room C in the Union —FRANTZREB
Camera Club Members' February issue of Popular Photography is here Copies may be obtained for 15c at the Union office (1-19) —HOFFER
With U Y K I B B E E
WAA Next fencing meeting will be held February 2 at 4 p m in the Woman’s Gymnasium —STICKLER
— ALSO — SHORT SUBJECT
. Philadelphia manufacturer, native of Salem and former engmeeiing student of the University, was elected chairman of the coha-' merce department’s business advis01 y council in Washington, D. C., yestei ejay
Co-eds Only By Georgia'Carroh We predict that final bugaboos will disappear like chicken at a church supper if you’ll take a little time out from studying for a bit of out-door recreation. —c-w— Two important “if’s” may influence your plans; first if the cold weather holds out, ice-skating on the flooded tennis courts near the Fieldhouse will be dandy, and if we have some fresh snow flurries, get the crowd out for a tobogganing party in Happy Hollow or at one of the local country clubs.
You’ll want to wear your warmest opd most comfortable clothing on these outings, but don’t fear that you will need to sacrifice fashion to bulkiness of cosJ;unie. Spiart as well as snug are tablecloth checked flannel shirts that will hit you around tjie knfes. The extra length is an added protection against the cold. —c-w— If you really want to feel cozy in the nipping winter air, equip yourself with a pair of ski pants and a matching jacket. Almost as valuable for sports wear will be your last year’s jodphers topped with a hip-length Hudson Bay coat. Colorful accessories are the many knitted hats, mittens, and mufflers so popular today. But whatever you plan to wear, make it soft and wooly, and don’t spare the layers
nished Very reasonable rent. Sheetz and Wood Phone 45962
Corner
FOR RENT—Single and double room for men One-half block from Union 125 S. Grant Phone 31824.
RUSS’ RENT-A-CAR SERVICE. Phone 71644 after 6 p. m. Minimum $2.00—$2.60. All night.
SINGLE ROOM—Second semester , downstairs, next to bath 410 Maple St. Phone 35683
LmA -TODAY - MONDAY-
BROTHERS \catais with KENNY BAKER FLOiENOE RlOE PLUS—2ND FEATURE
DEATH-CHEATING . . . THRILL-CHASING . . . TROUBLE-SHOOTERS!
IT'S A FIRST RUN HIT-
TbmA. By Ta| Stiers jyAA to tlie rgseue of all those fearful of falling in the old rut of “all work and no play makes—” well, as you know, no personality plussers. To coml^^t suph a dire fate for our fair institution of higher learning, ypji of the student body shall tie permitted this golden opporj;unitjr each Friday night during finals. Miss Helen Haxelton of the women’s physical education department will sponsor the well-balanced program which will include several favorite collegiate sports, among them badminton, swimining, shuffle board, and deck tennis. So recreate and go forth to successfully conqueror new exams. —^waa— The 1940 season of WAA activities will open Tuesday evening, February 13, with an intramural swimming meet, which will be held in the Women’s Gyipnasium. —^waa— A complete schedule of events is planned, which will include a 40 yard free style, 100 yard free style, 80 yard relay, diving, side stroke form, 60 yard medley, freshmanupperclassmen scramble, rope race and an obstacle race. —^waa— Any co-ed, who has practised for a half hour at three different times, may compete in the contests. All women’s dormitories are urged to have as many entries as possible sign up at the Women’s Memorial Gymnasium.
BOOM FOR TWO—Continuous hot water Shower $2 60 per week. 117 Chauncey Phone 2722
ENTERTAINMENT—^For banquets, parties, etc , call Bob Pettiner, 27 University 76724
CLEAN PRIVATE ROOMS for three students wishing to do own cooking Half block from campus Reasonable Phone 7242
urns NOW PLAYING
4
'1)/ // Colorful days live f on! Vivid drama of the stormy love that ! wrote the songs we all grew up to! f IN TECHNICOLOR SmiE l^lfM The Stoi^ of Stephen C Foster, the great American Troubadour! DON ANDREA AL AH'lEiMLSill FEUX BRESSART • CHICK CHANDLER RUSSELL HICKS • GEORGE REED
—EXTRA JOY— "PEACE ON EARTH" CARTOON OF THE MONTH — IN COLOR —
Deac's
We buy and sell Second Hand Books every day of the year. We pay 50 percent cash or 60 percent in trade and we see that you get the right book. H. G. "Deac" REISNER, Book Store
By Mary Burtsfield A prom queen, a May queen, an outstanding senior co-ed, a freshmen queen, a P-Men’s queen, Sjgma Delta Chi queens, "Debris” beauty queeng, and ap Acquacade queep. Can you private any mpre ? If you can, qiake a public announcement of |3iem. But remember, you’ll have to make a few more queenships so that you won’t hurt your second-best girl friend’s feelings.
advocate:
Here’s what we advocate: (at least it won’t be any more supersillious than the situation as it now stands) a queen feir St. Patrick’s day, a sweetheart queen for Valentine’s day, a George Washington day queen, an Abraham Lincoln day queen — in fact, a queen a week, if you want. One for January 14-20, one for the week of January 21-27 —queens all over the campus.
Queens
This feeling that there are too many queens on the campus today is only one side of the argument. What is the argument? Simply that with a queen for every event, major or unimportant as it may be, the original effect of queens on the Purdue campus has been destroyed. The original effect of queens as it was established years ago. Oh, to select one or two outstanding co-eds as the ideal Purdue co-eds—a queenship which was Jbp secret ambition of every co-ed from the time she entered the university’s doors to the day that she graduated.
Great War Drama! Tioel.. Mllngl.. InnindiiiBl.. The story of the nurse who was shot by the Germons for aiding wounded prisoners!.. IT'S TERRiHCI
yitb Edna May OUVER • George SANDERS May ROBSON • Zasu PITTS H. R. WARNER • SOPHIE STEWART MARY\ HOWARD • ROBERT COOTE
CALLTHERIOTSQUADI He'$ off ugaiiil —In the Scrcamllncd Sweepstaketl Mite-a-minutclaffpanici Woit'llyouieeill
. -CNiiua ^ttnrwvwKiisivtff'
With BETTY 6RABLE
NEW Main
NOW SHOWING TWO FIRST RUN HITS
Applications For Marriage Course Due
To"day, public opinion argues, the question of quieenships has been placed tin purely a wholesale basis. With so many queens, the idea becomes just a little ijtionotonous and boresome. It’s noW^ a matter of whose boy-friend can':^x whose girlfriend and get her nominated, and, if she is lucky, selected to be one of the numerous queens of the day. More Queens This method, they say, breaks down every bit of idealism that the Purdue eds have been trying to build up for so many years. It destroys these ideals for the Purdue ed by placing on a pedestal a co-ed who neither is, nor wants to be selected as a queen. (Yes, such harsh blows as realizing that there are really no ide^I cq-eds today is more than the shy, sensitive ed can take.) That’s an opinion, maybe not too well founded, but nevertheless, one that has been forming since early this fall. What’s it to you? Or are you in a position to change it, Mr. Campus Opinion?4 J ^
/
Sunday, January 14, 1940
£xfwmHL ficufSL
|ig Ten Announces Revised Procedure In Selecting Officials A revised procedure, featuring the full authority of the Conference Commissioner, will mark the selecofficials in the Big Ten (or nine) tion and appointment of football beginning with the 1940 season. Forty Referees The procedure came as a consequence of suggestions by coaches and athletic directors at a joint meeting in which they proposed a basic list of 40 officials, but stated their desire that the Commissioner assume authority for future changes in that list at his discretion. ^ The Faculty Conference, governing body of the Mid-Western conference, has approved the suggestion by a joint meeting of the coaches and directors for immediate operation. Appointment of football officials was pioneered by the Big Ten. In 1906 there was formed by the Faculty Conference a committee on officials in event of disagreement by opposing coaches, but universal elections were made by the coaches. Collaboration In 1923 at the insistation of an athletic director who was also a football Coach, the directors recommended that the appointment of the referees be made a function of the Conference Commissioner, and the Faculty Conference acting on coaches’ recommendations, making the Commissioner a member of its committee on officials while retaining responsibility for the selections. The Big Ten officials’ code, unique in its being the only code so voluntarily drawn by officials themselves, follows: 1. The officials will not carry gossip from one camp to another
but instead will strive to improve friendly relations within the Conference. 2. No official will discuss plays or game incidents with newspapermen, scouts or others. 3. The officials will always conduct themselves in such a manner as to prevent unwarranted criticism. For instance, it is a written rule that the officials will not take a drink the night before a game. 4. The officials will check each other in the case of possible misapplicajiiop of a rule and will not criticize their fellow officials to others outside the group. 4. The officials are older players who have been selected to help this generation of players with their games. While an official must maintain discipline on the field, he should always treat the players with the courtesy due college gentlemen. 6. The officials will dress neatly, will report at least 16 minutes before the game time on the field, will repair to their dressing room between halves and after the game will leave field as promptly as possible. In no case will the officials engage in arguments with spectators or others. 7. When an official calls a foul and reports the same to the referee, he will stand facing the direction in which the referee is to step off the penalty.
The University
. . . symphonic band, closely following up this afternoon’s concert at Jefferson High School, will play during the Purdue vs. Minnesota basketball game tomorrow night. Prof. “Spots” Emrick announced yesterday. Between the halves the band will present a program including, in part, some of Sousa’s marches and the semi-popular “Toy Trumpet” by Raymond Scott.
Choice Robert J. Deckard A bpr^psct^cled, high-for^headed brainstorm sort of a geni;leman sat ip g conversation with us yesterday in the office and said he was just thrilled beyond words because Dr. Robert Hptchins of Chicago University defended himself so capably on his stand on abolishing football at that erudite institu-
tion.
^fc He said Dr. Hutchins has got something there and we agreed most heartily . . . We said after all he should, for he dropped football at a school where 5,000 'students wanted to keep the game going . . . We said any guy that can keep a crop of red-blooded, sports-loving students from playing football has gotta have something. —fc— Then this fellow said that football is a major handicap to eddeation . .. He put it the same way that Chicago’s “Ten-Center” put it . . . Yeah, we said, it takes too much time for students to be playing football every afternoon for 10 weeks, and make an occasional trip out of town to some spot, the trip being very educational, too. After all about 60 men out of 7,000 students can’t afford to go out on a practice field every day, and waste a couple of hours taking some exercise that would probably wear them out when they could be back in a cozy library reading some of Goete’s fine works ... The brain’s the thing, we said. We said it’s too bad that the Greeks and the Romans had to have athletics ... We said that period must have been an exception because they had Demosthenes, Socratees and Plato, and a guy that could run 26 miles without stopping . . . It wasn’t good for civilization. —^fc— He said that if a guy doesn’t have the athletic ability to play football, what is he gonna do . -. He’ll hafta sit back and watch . . . We said.
Don't Be a Sucker!! If youVe lost something— If you want to buy—swap—sell or rent something, Use the Classified Ad Section
m
the Purdue Exponent
Business Phone 5038
yeah we know that ... It makes you awfully jealous to watch some other guys kick a football around ... If you want to be popular you have to go to those pesky ballgames . . . And you have to yell . . . And speaking in Speech class with a sore throat is awfully tough, we said ... * —^fc— He said, don’t you think that football makes dummies out of good students . .. They get all busted up . .. They aren’t much good after getting out of school. . . We said, yeah we thought about that, too, but we said we noticed that there were more ex-college football players in “Who’s Who” than there were Phi Beta Kappas. ■—^fc— He said it isn’t fair that football players get money for playing football and going to school, too . . . Yeah, we thought it was too bad that a bunch of football players had to take money from alumni and other people ... We said it wasn’t honest.. . We said the whole student body is affected by the situation ... It undermines the morale of campus students . . . They can’t study at night because they think that football players get some money for messing around on a football field a couple of hours a day, while they don’t get a damn thing. —^fc-— He said that football helps to make the university a country club and a kindergarten ... He said people usually go to school just to have a good time . . . Yeah, we said, we thought that too much time was spent around here watching football games ... We said that Purdue played two football games here in 1939, and that took too much of the students’ time on those Saturday afternoons . . . We said that students got too excited way before the game . . , We said that it was a case of mass psychology and wasn’t good for the better things in the world . . . It’s awfully silly seeing some guys tackle and lun and some other stuff. —^fc— He got up to walk out, and said he was going to town to see some paintings at the Tippecanoe County Historical Society ... He said, do you want to come along ... We said, yep, and grabbed our hat and
coat.
—^fc— You see this football situation just the way I do, he said ... He said, you’re a smart boy and far from being off the right track . . . Yeah, we said, you hit it right. We went to the museum and then bought two books on Einstein’s Theoiy of Relativity . . . Also we thought that picture of Ralph Vaughn on the front page of “Life” was silly.
Purdue Faces Minnesota In Fourth Big Ten Battle There may be no Big Ten championship for the Golden Gophers at Minnesota at the end of the present basketball race, but the Gopher’s fast-moving five, will scare several title-aspir-ing quintets out of two night’s sleep. At least that’s the opinion of the Minnesota coach, Dave MacMillan, who has brought his quintet to town today to do battle with Purdue’s cagers tomorrow night in the fieldhouse. ThC GophcrS CamC dirCCtly tO Lu-
Klein, Evers Resume Fight For Big 10 Lead Going into last night’s conference games, two sophomores, Northwestern’s Dick Klein and Walter “Hoot” Evers of Illiqois, took over the individual scoring lead in Big Ten basketball as firing commenced again after two preliminary rounds for all opponents. Klein and Evers each totaled 26 points in two games, Klein by virture of a 21-point scoring spree against Minnesota Monday night. Evers registered 13 points against Indiana in the Illini opener and again against Chicago Monday. Wisconsin Star Following the pair of sophomores m scoring was Bob Schwartz, Wisconsin veteran with a total of 24 points, 13 in defeating Chicago in the season’s opener, and Mike Sofiak, one of Michigan’s diminutive stars whose sharpshooting is a key in the Wolverines’ “submarine” attack. Other leaders were Paul “Curly” Armstrong, of Indiana, whose total of 23 includes 17 points against Illinois, Joe Stampf of Chicago with 22 points, and Michigan’s Jim Rae with 21 points. Play in the Conference race was lesumed Saturday with undefeated Indiana, Purdue and Michigan defending their records. The Hooslers have defeated Illinois and Iowa, Purdue had beaten Northwestern and the defending champions, Ohio State, and Michigan had defeated the Buckeyes and Wisconsin. Monday Games Last night’s games will feature Indiana at Minnesota, Chicago at Northwestern, Illinois at Ohio State, Iowa at Michigan and Wisconsin at Purdue. Monday’s schedule will be topped by the IllinoisMinnesota game at Ann Arbor with Chicago playing Iowa at home, Indiana at Wisconsin, Minnesota at Purdue and Northwestern at Ohio State. H. Kenn Carmichael . . . former instructor in the Univeisity Speech Depaitment, now located at Minnesota University, is cuiiently featured in the leading lole of the play, “Susan and God,” opposite Miss Mary Agnes Wagner.
Subscribe for
The EXPONENT
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR PAUL A RISK DR. LUTHER A RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Dairy Products
• Florists
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Mam at 7th Phone 6050
• Locksmith
• Hardware
KEYS & LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N 5th St. Phone 2828
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354
fayette after their battle with the Hoosiers last njght at Minnesota. No Height The Northmen have already caused much sorrow among their opponents, winning seven and losing two. Small, but very fast, the Minnesc^ns have resorted to their usal quick-break and short passing game for their wins. The Golden Wave’s most impressive victory was by 61-37 over Nebraska. Home Town Boys The leader of the Gopher’s offense is Don Carlson, former Minnesota all-state player from Minneapolis Edison high school. Besides being the point man for the visitors, Carlson is a passer deluxe. Last season’s great Minnesota scorer, John Dick, also a Minneapolis lad, will be apiong the visitors tomorrow night ready to pepper the Purdue buckets. Minnesota’s leading scorer of the piesent campaign, Don Smith, will be out of the Minnesota lineup tomorrow night due to a collision with the husky Don Kyqger, of Northwestern, in the two team’s fracas last week. A game which the Wildcats won easily. Tall Pnrduvians Going intq the gnme tomorrow night, the Boilei makers will have a height advantage for the first time in years against a Big Ten opponent. Not only a height advantage, but a weight advantage, will be enjoyed by the Gold and Blacks. The heaviest man of the Minnesota team tips the scales at a jolly 170, “I knew that Minnesota was not a big team, but I had no idea that they were that small,” remarked Coach Dutch Lonborg after his Noithwestern team had defeated the Gophers. “But they are a good little team and very fast. They are much faster than Purdue, although not as big and probably not as good” at hitting the iron.” Forbes, Golonka Tie In Pocket Billiards A tie between Don Forbes and E. M. Golonka at the score of 70 was the result of the third tournament of the present billiard season in the Union Billiard rooms. Both boys won six games and lost one. This tournament was the last of the legular fall tournaments to be held in the union. ^Referees for the tournaments were Joe Cunningham and Don Boynton. Following will be the thiee chart shots tournament at straight rail, three cushions and 141 pocket billiards. The final will be a Red Ball Tournament between the six best players in the six tournaments. This will decide the 1939-40 champion of Purdue. Ingleman Was Tough The championship was won last yeai by Moms H. Ingleman, who IS considered the best player ever developed here at the Boilermaker institution. Sorry If We Confused You « In a news stoiy contained in the December 17 issue of the Exponent concerning a freshman engineeiing survey conducted by the educational reference division, there appeared the following statement: “The slight fall in the average of (1939) mathematics giades can be attiibuted to a higher standard of grading of tests by the mathematics department of 1939.” This statement, while in no way incorrect and advanced as the most likely theory, should have been accompanied by two alternative hypothesis: 1) That the geometry ability and tiaining may actually have fallen, or 2) That Purdue has just happened to get a less intelligent group of stud^^its in 1939. The only maiked increase of ability in all subjects came in the period 1919 to 1929, a fact that may have been misunderstood by a certain interpretation of the first paragiaph of the news story.• «
THE POBOtlE EXPONENT
Sunday, January 14, 1940
>
But Incidentally— By Petrov It really isn’t a habit of ours to go around complaining about little things, but today we are going to give vent to a tidy bit of steam that’s been accumulating in our system for some weeks now.
It’s the laundry. It all came to a head when we got a pair of shorts back from the laundry the other day. Shorts are constructed, as a rule, with an elastic band to make them fit one’s middle, but by some means of some potent rubber solvent the laundry completely disabled our shorts. They have increased six inches in circumference, and not only do they fail to cling snugly to our waist, but they threaten to fall off our hips with one more washing. The whole darned business became so acute that we have to get up fifteen minutes earlier than last year, get out the safety pins, and only by sheer engineering brilliance do we get to school fully clothed. 9(C ^ And stockings, oh my Lord the stockings. We have a penchant for wearing holes in oul’ sox, and the laundries attitude toward holes-in-sox is an awe-inspiring thing. Holes don’t get darned, no they get sewn together in bunches, and as the laundry progresses from hole to hole with the juggernaut they laughingly call a sewing machine they leave a vicious trail of thread behind them—in the sock. We are rapidly developing a chronic foot ailment from being bound up day in and day out by bunchy holes, and by tripping over threads. 3{j sj; We think they got their experience from the military laundries. A friend of ours went to a military camp
JjoJUl
Today
. . . the Exponent once again sticks out its neck in an eifort to make the paper more interesting to the student. In the past we have tried removing the column rules, using rocket heads and other features of mechanical makeup to aid readability. Some stick,, some don't. Today as you have learned, when you turned the page to read Bold and Black and it wasn't there, that we now have page two devoted to the co-eds, while editorials and features occupy the back. Our purpose is to give the paper three pages worthy of headline news, while the back, always the burial ground for a news story, takes on new interest through the various columns, features, and editorials. It's your paper though so if you like it or if you don't; let's hear from you. D. K. H. once with, among other things, a pair of civilian papamas. Civilian clothes, we mi^st add at this point, are not built for military laundries. At any rate, our friend sent his pajamas to the laundry at camp. When he sent the pajamas out they were complete with warp and iyoof. But all he got back was a bunch of warp tied in a bunch, the woof having completely disappeared in the violent washing process. We just wish the military laundries wouldn’t sell their military secrets to the trade.
^jeUiiL By Hank MOler Automobile horn manufacturers have gone wild lately. First, they presented a horn to the Andrew Sisters that played a few bars of Hold Tight ... Now they have presented a horn to Kate Smith that plays a few bars of God Bless America, the song that she has plugged and popularized.
Tonight fiom 9 to 9:55 on CBSWBBM, the Campbell Playhouse will piesent Orson Welles in a radio version of a movie of a year or two ago titled “Theodora Goes Wild.” Tonight at 6:30 oyer WMAQ, the Fitch Bandwagon will have Orrin Tucker’s Orchestra and Bonnie Baker. Songs featured will be “Oh, Johnnie, Oh,” “All In Favor Say Aye,” “Careless,” “Indian Summer,” “Everybody Loves My Baby,” “Especially For You,” “Billy,” “The Little Red Fox,” and “Lady Be Good ” Tucker’s band first came into prominence during the 1937 Ohio River flood. Marooned in Louisville, Ky., Orrin and his men did yeoman service in entertaining sufferers.
We have been accused of playing up Alec Templeton far above many other stars of the airlanes. News has just reached our ears that Alec has just been voted the outstanding new radio star of the past year in the ninth annual New York WorldTelegram poll among radio editors of the United States and Canada. He received this honor by a margin of two to one over his nearest rival.
Incidentally, Alec will have Benny Goodman on his show tomorrow night at 8:30 on WMAQ. Alec has written a tune especially for Benny and dedicated it to him. It is called “Sweet, Reed” and will be aired on the show along with “Honeysuckle Rose,” done by both Benny and Alec. —e-e— Lovers of classics and light classics will be interested in the following piogram of Music You Want When You Want It, heaid nightly ovei WENR at midnight. Sunday—Selections from Veidi’s opeia “H Tiovatore,” by membeis of jlia Scala Opeia. Monday—Continuation of Sunday night piogram. Tuesday—-Selections fi om Rim-sky-Korsakow’s “Le Coq d’Or” played by London Symphony Oichestra and selections from Borodin’s “Piince Igoi.” Wednesday — Aitui Rubinstein, pianist, playing piogiam of Chopin Mazurkas. Thuisday—Siegmond von Hausegger and the Munich Philharmonic Orchestra playing Anton Bruckner’s Symphony No. 9 in D Minor —e-e— Charles Laughton, star of “The Hunchback of Notre Dame” will be the guest star of the Chase and Sanborn program tonight at 7 over WMAQ. —e-e— Most of you piobably already know this but just in case, Glenn Miller’s Band and the Andrew Sisteis are heard Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday ovei WBBM at 9 p. m. —e-e— NOTE: A noted psychiatrist has just found out that the kiddie program on the air excites the grownups more than the kiddies.
Personnel Notes
COMPANY: Commonwealth Edison Company, 72 West Adams Street, Chicago, Illinois. REPRESENTATIVE: Mr. M. J. Maiers, of the Training Division. VISITING PURDUE: Tuesday and Wednesday, February 6th and 7th. INTERVIEWING: Seniors in electrical , mechanical, and public service engineering. Graduates employed by this company will enter a training program leading to engineering, operation, design, sales, commercial work, maintenance or construction. The training course wil last one year, consisting of departmental assignments and some classroom work. Copies of bulletins describing the training program and the company may be found in the main offices of the schools listed. Those interested in employment with this public utility should sign up. All signers must then fill out a company application blank in the Personnel Office before January 24. MID-SEMESTER GRAD ; Mr., Richard Haugh, Manager, State Employment Service, North Fourth Street, Lafayette, Indiana, has advised that there is an opening in a company in Ohio for a mechanical engineer who is a college graduate and who is in good physical condition. The starting salary will be $25.00 per week. The company manufactures pumping equipment and supplies. Mid-semester graduates who are interested, should interview Mr. Haugh at once. COMPANY: Chicago Telephone Supply Company, Elkhart, Indiana. REPRESENTATIVE: Mr. B. S. Turner, Director of Personnel. Mr. Turner has written the Per-
MAKE THIS YOUR NEW YEAR’S RESOLUTION Step out each morning of this year with the assured swagger and cheery outlook that West Side's freshly cleaned and pressed attire is sure to give. Double this assurance with the expert work of West Side Cleaners. Our prompt delivery serviqe adds to the "rosy picture." '
Northwestern at Vine
Phone 4081
We’ll start the day right with another “little man” story, (They say a stake through the heart will end it all): “The little man who wasn’t there” Stoutly declined the offered chair. He said, “I can’t waste my time abiding. Doctor says I should go riding. So I guess I’d better start right now, old pal, On the “Empty Saddles in the Old Corral.” —B & B— Hit Para^ You go to my head—Bob Beer. Oh Johnny. —Mardelle Edwards. Beer Barrel Polka—Hank Wyzykowski. I need a little lovin’.—Edward Loveless. —B & B— It is a well known fact that the co-eds on the campus don^ rate as much as they used to. Maybe the eds are afraid of the co-eds—^it looks that way ’cause we always get contribs concerning other girls off the campus. —B & B— Tony Yankowski is one of the boys who goes off campus for his dates. He travels to Indianapolis
during the week, goes out with some gals out there, and returns to Lafayette for his rest. -rB&B— . . . then there’s Mark Hewlett, SAE, who is nuts about some blonde on the East side. She gives him the cold shoulder, and yet he asks for more. It’s everybody’s opinion that the eds and co-eds around here mix like oil and water. Do somethin’, somebody. . . . —B & B— I take this opportunity to put forth a gentle reminder. Finals are only three dai^s away. Shovel the dust off the books, stoodents, and get on the ball, which brings up the point on how to study for finals; 1. A trip to town the day before your toughest final. 2. Reserve a booth at your favorite spot. 3. Order two cokes. (The girl should come around about then.) 4. Spike them 5. Drink and enjoy yourself very much, because you have to study later. ✓ 6. Stagger back to your house. 7. Open your Thermo book. 8. Close your Thermo book. 9. Close your eyes. 10. Sleep through the final. —B & B— FINALS Winter’s here. And finals dear Are right before our noses. But hometown cheer And local beer Make classes sweet as roses.
fiu// Session
sonnel Service, advising that he has openings for two or three graduates in mechanical or electrical engineering at mid-semester. This company specializes in the manufacture of radio equipment. A training course of about nine months is available to new employees. Engineering employees would expect to receiye training and then move into the sales, production, or engineering department. ' Mid-semester graduates who are interested should sign up in the main office of the electrical or mechanical engineering school, and should also apply directly to Mr. Turner, furnishing detailed information regarding themselves. Qualification blanks are available in the Personnel Service for those who wish to include a record of themselves in their letter to Mr. Turner. COMPANY: Transcontinental and Western Air, Inc., 10 Richards Road, Kansas City, Missouri, (TWA). Mr. L. M. Reed, personnel manager, has written to request that college graduates in science and engineering, who are interested in entering the air transport administration work, be selected and recommended to him. Mr. Reed is particularly interested in mid-year graduates for work in the sales and service divisions of his organization. Those interested please sign up in the main office of their school for consideration. COMPANY: B. F. Goodrich Company, Akron, Ohio, manufacturers of automobile tires and industrial rubber products, REPRESENTATIVE; Beft S. Taylor, general superintendent of
the processing division. VISITING PURDUE: Wednesday, February 28. INTERVIEWING: Seniors in chemistry, chemical and mechanical engineering. This company wishes to employ men for production, operation, design, maintenance and construction. A training course is available to new employees. Those interested should sign up in the main office of their school or department. COMPANY: Ingersoll Rand Company, 11 Broadway, New York City, manufcturers of air compressors, diesel engines. REPRESENTATIVE: Mr. J. H. Dillon, technical personnel director. VISITING PURDUE: Tuesday and Wednesday, February 6 and 7. INTERVIEWING: Mechanical and electrical engineering seniors who are in the first quarter of their class in scholarship, who have good personalities and who are not under 5 ft. 9 in. in height. This company wishes to employ engineers for training as s^les engineers. Literature is available in the main office of the schools mentioned. Those interested should read this information, and sign up for consideration. COMPANY: Armstrong Cork Company, Lancaster, Pennsylvania. REPRESENTATIVE: Mr. J. J. Evans, Jr., personnel manager, and Mr. George Kittridge, assistant personnel manager. VISITING PURDUE: Monday and Tuesday, February 12 and 13. INTERVIEWING: Chemical, electrical, mechanical engineering and science seniors, graduate stu-
Editor’s Notes Letters pablished in this colnmn are the opinion of the person snhmittinar them and do not necesssrlly represent the policy of the Exponent. Students snbmittinir letters should sign their names but they will not be printed if they so desire. Letters may be turned in at the Exponent box at the west Union desk. Dear Bull: “One department, or at least one instructor in one departmnt, is giving his students a little more than a bare chance to have a reasonable exam schedule. We students really appreciate this small act. He said, “This exam is given on three or four periods, and if any of you would find it more convenient to change your schedule to that period, let me know.” I didn’t want to change my schedule, but I sure appreciated his giving me a chance to change if I had had three or four exams piled up on two days. The exams schedules are fairly arranged to spread most of our exams over a reasonable period of time, but it can’t always be arranged. A fighting chance is all that some of us need to breeze through this university. A day between exams may mean that fair fighting chance. It would be very much appreciated if a few more instructors would give their students a chance to smooth out an exam schedule that may mean passing or flunking. S. P. V. ’41. Dear Bull: Now supposedly upperclassmen have unlimited cuts. Or at least that’s what we gathered from University reading material on the subject. Now of course we can be wrong on that point and if we are we withdraw our entire argument on the spot. But we are pretty darn sure that we got it right. Now there are quite a number of teachers who frown down their noses, angular or otherwise, at you for cutting regardless of whether you are delinquent or not. Of course we don’t hold that cutting classes is the best thing to do but there are times and reasons that sometimes makes cutting a good idea. After all by the time that a student gets to be an upperclassman he ought to know whether he will get more out of cutting class than he will by going. Besides the rule says that we can cut until we are delinquent. R. N. F. ’40
dents and juniors in the above-list-ed schools. A detailed bulletin is posted in the office of the chemical, electrical, mechanical engineering and science schools. Those interested please read this bulletin carefully, and sign up for consideration, COMPANY: Peter Pirsch and Sons Company, Kenosha, Wisconsin. Manufacturers of fire engines and trucks. REPRESENTATIVE: G. R. Layten. VISITING ?URDUE: Tuesday, January 16. INTERVIEWING: Mid-semester graduates in Mechanical Engineering. Those interested please sign up in the main office of M. E. school.
Anything You Want
Seniors . . . have their Gala Week.
Sophomores . . . strut their stuff at the Cotillion.
Juniors . . . are represented by Junior Prom.
Freshmen . . . are not to be forgotten with Green Potters' Dance.
ALL FOUND IN THE
ComfiM/L CampuA, CoonJuiujiL