f, a ■ ■ --' •^— ^ A
mpmi^ m Purdue
Z-186
Exponent
Volume 52, No. 6
Sunday, Sepfenaber 15# 1S40
Co-ed Rush Opens Oct. 9; Pre-Rush Session Planned According to Kathryn Lang, Pan-Hellenic Council president, 1940-’41 co-ed rush will begin as scheduled, on Wednesday, October^jj0o=ed^ush will be preceded by a meeting of all rushees Tuesday afternbon, October 8, at 4 o’clock in Stanley Coulter Hall. This important meeting, according to officials in charge of rush, should not be missed.
Fraternities Release Lists Of Fall Pledges Editor’s Note: Exponent follows up yesterday’s report of fraternity pledges with the following three lists. As other pledge lists are released they will be published. Kappa Sigma G. W. Wolf, Logansport; Robert Sayre, Logansport; Phillip Thompson, Indianapolis; Gerry Doage, Gary; Phillip Snyder, Kenmore, N. Y.; John Alvey, Manhasset, N. Y.; Phillip Wodlery, Garrettsville, O.; David Magathon, Washington, D. C.; Miller Nourse, Cleveland, O.; William Pape, Gary; Richard ‘ Ji 'N ‘aJOttiua5[ ‘:iunoi Eherts, Logansport; Jim Oliver, West Lafayette; Thomas Shriver, Huntington; William Merker, Kenmore, N. Y.; Jack Ford, Touison, Md.; Gordon Hoifman, West Lafayette; John McCutcheon, East Liverpool, O.; Marshall Beck, Buffalo, N. Y.; and Bill Buffington, Peru. Sigma Phi Epsilon Joseph A. Rentsch, Indianapolis; William Stuart, East Chicago; Robert Sautter, Bronxville, N. Y.; Paul Anderson, Struthers, O.; Frank J. Wood, Riverside, 111.; William J. Meyer, Riverside, 111.; Charles L. Mills, Dayton, O.; George O. Kinsey, Charleston, W. Va. Tali Epsilon Phi Jerome Goldman, Camden, N. J.^ Stanley Corman, Chicago; Lennie Greenstein, Chicago ; Marshall Gardner, Whiting; Maurice Center, Norwalk, Conn.; Norman Ostroff, Auburn, Me.; Yale Schaevitz, Youngstown, O.; Bud Marcus, Gary; Ed Loseff, Chicago; Harold Krumholtz, Brooklyn, N. Y.; Robert Levine,'- Hartford, Conn.; Matthew Love, Westchester, N. Y. \ Scriveners To Hold Year's First Meeting The Scriveners club, publisher of Scrivener, University literary periodical, will convene tonight at 7:30 o’clock in the Union for its first meeting of the year. C. F. Riegle, president of the club, will present the literary contests for the coming year. According to Riegle, 30 new members have been secured for the coming year, and the staff under the direction of Lloyd Alexander, editor, has been working on the fall edition of ScrivenCT. Edition now on the stands is sponsored by President E. C. Elliott, and contains winning manuscripts of the thirteenth annual literary contest held last spring, whose authors received awards from prominent citizens interested in the work of Scrivener. November issue will contain stories from freshmen and sophomore English classes, as well as those of club members. Other officers of the club are Charlotte Finney, treasurer; Irmie Irwin, secretary, and Haskell Metz, business manager. E. G. Wetzel . . . CB '31, has been awarded a Sloan Fellowship in traffic engineering at Yale University for the coming year. For a number of years he has been employed as a traffic engineer by the Indiana State Highway Department,
Freshman rushees will meet rush captains and get information on rush rules and techniques at this meeting. Dorothy C. Stratton, dean of women, will speak at this time. A period of informal rush will precede the formal rush period from Saturday, October 12, to Friday, October 18, at 8 o’clock. Open rush will begin two weeks after formal rush is closed and is for those houses which have not filled their quotas. Sororities participating in rush are Alpha Xi Delta, Alpha Chi Omega, Delta Gamma, Kappa Alpha Theta, Kappa Kappa Gamma, Phi Mu and Pi Beta Phi. Rush captains are Joan Weist, Alpha Chi Omega; Marjorie Patrick, Alpha Xi Delta; Victoria Milea and Myra McKee, Chi Omega; Virginia Creson and Louise King, Delta Gamma; Vivian Petterson, Kappa Kappa Gamma; Margaret Terstegge, Kappa Alpha Theta; Mary Ruth Thronburg and Betty Trexler, Phi Mu, an4 Kathrsm Bertsch and Harriet Forgey, Pi Beta Phi. Each rushee will pay a fee of $2 on the evening of October 8 between 5 and 6 o’clock or between 7 and 8 o’clock at the Pan-Hellenic desk in the Union. Rushees are urged to visit all the houses during the informal rpsh period. During this period rushing will cease at 5:30 o’clock daily. Formal preference night dinner will be given on Friday, October 18, from 5:30 to 8 o’clock. No dates may be broken with the sorority houses during this period. Freshman or transfer girls who intend to go through rush and have not yet signed up are urged to call Kathryn Lang and leave their name. Prof. W. E. Howland ... of the School of Civil Engineering has just returned from South Bend and Bluffton where he was a speaker on the program in connection with the District Water Works Schools being sponsored by the Indiana branch of the American Water Woi*ks’ Association in cooperation with the State Board of Health and the University.
AIMME ToEntertain Mets With Smoker Student branch of the American Institute of Mining and Metallmrgical Engineers will entertain students taking metallurgical engineering ahd members of the chemical and metallurgical engineering faculty at a smoker Wednesday evening at 7:30 o’clock in the west faculty lounge of the Union. Dr. J. L. Bray, Dr. R. N. Shreve, Dr. Eckel, and several other members of the faculty will make short, informal talks. Cary Hall Frosh, Upperclassmen To Mass Tomorrow Upperclassmen members of the Cary Halls will present “the traditions” of the men’s residence halls to nearly five hundred freshmen residents of the halls tomorrow night at 7:30 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall. - This annual mass meeting brings under one roof all members of the eight halls, and nearly every member attends, Cary Hall officials report. G. O. Arbuckle, manager of the halls, and John D. (Doc) Gantz, assistant manager, will be at the meeting to answer any questions concerning the halls. Mrs. Blinn, chief housekeeper, will explain her work, and Miss Dorothy A. Hufford, dietician of the halls, and Verl Overman, maintenance chief, will also be represented. Bert Bohlin, president of Cary Club, will chairman the mass meeting and speak on the work of his council in directing Cary Club activities. Uoyd Richardson, political chairman of the Cary Club, will talk on political campaigns on (iampus and the club’s stand. Francis Reese will speak on scholarship and the operation of the counselor system for freshmen on each fioor. Vice-presidents will be introduced. Pan-Hellenic Group To Meet Wednesday All organized women will meet Wednesday afternoon at 4 o’clock in Stanley Coulter Hall to hear coed rush rules and talks by PanHellenic Council members. Dean of Women Dorothy C. Stratton will also speak. This is the first meeting of its kind to be held on campus.
Do You Address Your Postcards? Dick, Bob, Bill Didn't; And So---
By Aesop Fable While gaunt, eagle-eyed newshawks search throughout the continent of Europe and dodge bombs for the grains of truth|^so tha^ we can get a fairly good idea of who’^ lying the most, parents and friends of University students are being kept well informed on the University front by such missives as the following postcard left unaddressed in the Lafayette postoffice. Dear Gang, Am Pretty well sichiated by now. Been Rushing pretty heavy with hot much results yet. Did school start this morning for the kids? It will cost me about 20 bucks again this year for books. I bought used books and 2 new ones so far and I got 1290 in^them. Ive^been washing dishes here at the house at night, it is the best paying job in the house which isn’t so much. < My hand is tired typing (here the card was written in pencil), so I’ll write. I’m rooming with Kitty and Maury. I got a nl(;e desk this year.
University YWCA To Hold Tea Today For New Students Among organization programs to fit the new student to the University is YWCA’s tea this afternoon at 3 o’clock in the west faculty lounge of the Union, All co-eds are invited, Bonnie Swope, in charge of the program, said yesterday, and added that counsellors are to bring their counselees. Jo Anne Lloyd, pianist, will play, and Alberta Schnaadel, soprano, will sing “The Lord Is My Shepherd.” Short meditation and a tea in charge of Wilma Wirenga will follow. Miss Clare Coolidge, assistant to the dean of women, and YWCA cabinet members will act as hostesses and the advisory board of faculty and townspeople will be guests. Programs of YWCA activities for the first semester will be distributed, and activities of the organization for the coming year will be discussed. Following the tea, co-eds will have an opportunity to join YWCA.
Enrollment Figures Show Decrease From Last Year According to an announcement received from the President’s office, 6,672 students had enrolled in the University by 5 p. m. Friday. Since at that time last year 6,903 had registered, this figure represents a decrease of 231 students, 6r a three per-cent change. /
PIA Opens Social Season With Dance PIA opened its social season yesterday afternoon with a tea dance in both ballrooms of the Union, 800 attending. Maury Mahns, making the debut of his reorganized orchestra, furnished the music for the dance with Darlene Mahns singing the vocals. The dance lasted from 2:30 to 4:30 o’clock. This tea dance was the first of a series of 14 tea dances and four evening dances.
The War Today
By James H. McKee
Prague, Warsaw, Copenhagen, Oslo, The Hague, ... Brussels, Paris. And last night London wanted her turn. Saturday saw a lull in the Grerman bombing of London. It was the lull before the storm, said some.- And the storm would be the invasion of the British Isles by German troops. They argued that the air arm of the German forces had slowed down its bombing raids to make preparations to assist in the invasion. They also argued that British concentration of raids during the past week on embarkation points along the German-held French coast meant that the British command expected the attempt. Two million soldiers posted along mm-mmmmmmmmmmmimmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
the British coasts waited to repel an invasion. Eight million people of London waited in air raid shelters. Forty-five million citizens in the Island waited with grim determination. Bombs from Nazi planes, shells from “Big Berthas” on French soil have pounded them for weeks, but the stoic Britisher remained confident in the invincibility of the British lion and thanked God that the King and Queen had been spared in the bombing of Buckingham Pjal-
ace.
I sign up tomorrow. How about a letter. Dick. Then there is this one, also without an address: Sat. Afternoon Dear Mother and Dad, Everything OK. Write write letter later. Boy I sure did a lot of writing today. Three test. Love, Bob. That’s lovely, except how in tiie blazes are Mother and Dad and the Gang going to know what Dick and Bob ar§, doing if they don’t address their cards. Granted that the United ^tes Postoffice Department is eflicient, but even these lads can’t deliver an unaddressed missive. Here’s another one, sans-address: Dear Polks, "... it really was a second floor get-to-gether. I i;i^ed in about the o’clock ... love<co all.” Bill. And so long, long into the night. Moral: It helps if one addresses one’s mail before one mails it, doesn’t it?
German Bombers . . . bombed Buckingham Palace Friday, wrecked the royal chapel and swimming pool, but did not injure the King and Queen. The raiders, in clear skies and in view of every one, bombed the heart of the capital city for four hours. In the same daylight raid incendiary bombs well in Downing Street, missing the famous Number 10, residence of the prime minister. The communique from the air ministry charged that the Nazi raiders “deliberately bombed a number of conspicuous British buildings” in their day light raids. German High Command . . . yesterday warned the British nation, and especially London, that if she did not immediately surrender a fate similar to that of Warsaw would result. “Immediate surrender will preserve that which still remains” in London, Berlin said. The high command also reported that on Saturday raids over German soil were decreased, and they accounted for the respite by the inability of the RAP to replace “downed” pilots with capable reserves. ^ The Long-Awaited . . . conflict between BritishEgyptian and Italian forces along the Eg3rptian border seemed under way last night. Italian guns roared across the border as support for the 260,000 Italian troops stationed along the botder. Military observers stated that they believed that the Italian invasion of British-domin-ated-Egypt was timed to coincide with the German invasion of the British Isles.
Casualties Reported ... by the British air minmtry,
following this week’s intensive bombing of London, were nearly 1,600 dead and nearly five thousand wounded. It was the most disastrous week of the war for non-combat-
ants in England.
Today For The First Time ... in many years St. Paul’s cathedral, London, will have no Simday morning services. The doors of the historic church have been barred. An unexploded German time bomb lies embedded in the groxmd just outside its doors. British soldiers have piled sand bags high around the spot to lessen destruction should the bomb explode.
Late News
Congress today approved the conscription bill and sent the measure to the White House. Conclusive end of a month’s wrangling before the nation’s legislative groups was reached when the House adopted, by a vote of 232 to 124, a submitted report of a joint Senate-House committee to adjust Senate and House controversies on the bill.
Berlin, Sept. 14.—German high command claimed 21 downed British planes today, and declared that London faces complete destruction or surrender.
London, Sept. 14.—^Raiding Gernmn aircraft twice bombed London today. There was no specific statement of damage, but it is expected to be slight.
Exponent staff, Monday, September 16:.. night edjtqg, Traugott; stooge, Ochiltree; assistant night editor, Novey; proof. Van Duesen and Armstrong; workers, McCullough, Weiss, Hadley and Runnion. Co-ed sophomores: " Chatfield, Ramsdell, Wdlss, Strachan, FlfieU, Hedges, Worsley and Fantone.
Present trends, however, indicate that by October 1 total enrollment will reach approximately 7,000, according to President E. C. Elliott. This figure, however, shows a two percent decrease from last year’s total of October 1, at which time 7,126 students had registered. As yet there are no figures available as to the number enrolled in various schools in the University. Intra-Squad Grid Struggle Sponsored By Booster Club A display of keen intra-squad rivalry will be open to all students and the general public next Saturday afternoon when two evenlymatched teams selected from the varsity grid squad will forget that they are both Riveter elevens and scrap like life-long opponents, “rfie battle is scheduled for Ross-Ade Stadium, action starting at 2 o’clock. Sponsored by Gimlet, University athletic honorary, the adnoission proceeds will be used to aid in covering the expense of broadcasting Boilermaker football, basketball and baseball contests over WBAA, campus radio station. ^ Ticket Sale Tomorrow Admission price is set at 25 cents, with tickets procurable at the ticket booth in the Union building, beginning tomorrow. A sale of tickets will also be conducted at the stadium ticket offices before game time. The contest, staged annually by Gimlet, provides Boilermaker grid l^s with a show of talent of more than 60 Riveter gridmen, which is far more players than will be used by Coach Elward in any of this fall’s regular games. Another Chance yi^h only three home g;ames on this season’s grid calendar, this contest allows students and other fans an additional opportunity to see Boilermaker players perform in a regulation 60-minute football game. Programs with the names and nupbers of aU players will be distributed within the gates, aiding spectators in identifying the participants. Activities Bureau Announces Call-Out For Sophomores The Activities Bureau, Universi^ student activity involved with placing interested students in activities, yesterday announced a call-out for sophomores at 4 o’clock Monday afternoon. According to Activities Bureau officials, work will be open to all sophomores interested in interviewing freshmen concerning Universi^ activities they wish to entm:, those who wish to engage in the directimi and sale of personnel data sheet to seniors, those interested in dmng office work and those interested in preparing the University handbook for next year. It is suggested by (^cers of the bureau that sophomores hoping to do personnel work wUl iBhd this interviewing work helpful, while work on the senior personnel data sheets should interest embryo salesmen. Office workers will find an outlet for their skill in the office dhdsion of the huxear^ while editoK^ workers can do composing, editiag and proott-reading on the University handbodkvI’V
I'jil, • W'MiH s' iftljj
PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday* September 15. 1940
■r’ t
The gfh £j0lnj||ji
We were surprised yesterday to run across a statement in the Oklahoma fiaily which said. WE WILL BACK ROOSEVELT Then they went on to tell why in about seven inches of type. Our statement is; WE WILL NOT BACK ROOSEVELT And the reason is in about seven words. ♦ * * It’s more fun throwing mud at everybody. ♦ * * This political dibble dabble reminds us of something we saw for the first time the other day. It was a political machine—^in action. Of course the farmer called it a manure spreader. Which brings up Shakespeare. A rose by any other name ... * m Anyway, the action is very much the same. * * * In last Monday’s Chicago Daily News we ran across a pictme of 229 old tanks assigned for transfer to Canada which the caption said will feature in further deals for bases. They are capable of three miles an hour. And are worth their weight in scrap metaL * * * They called the spot in which they were stored at Port Meade a “tank park.” Which is evidently a new name for a junk yard. * * * K that swap goes through, the president will be rated
The Purdue Exponent
Entexvd as second class natter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, npder the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, sot of October 8, 1917, authorised January 20, 1922. Published dally except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60.
Editor-in-Chief Bnsiness Manager-
- - .R. W. Donahue -Meric Hagemeyer
Publication Staff Mews Editor. - - ...JT. H. McKee Managing Editor - —J). K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A- Qebilt^, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Ruffner, R. M. Skallernp, J. L. Traugott. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Ppwers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. E. Dangelmajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Sha^ord; Circulation Manager, R. M. Rectenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor .— — .Beth Simraon Associate Edit^: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, D^na Siesa. Sports Staff Editor .— I — J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented lor national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Sunday, September 16, 1940.
It is fashionable to be in the red this year. All you see on campus are co-eds in red fingertip jackets of corduroy and flannel. The local stores are featuring red above all other colors unless it is soldier blue which is getting its boost because of the war. ' —wTw— Red is even taking its place in the specks (glasses to you) world. Marjorie Chanel, Pi Beta Phi, was seen on campus in a pair of red pixie glasses. —^wTw— To be in the swim, swipe that “size 40” sweater from your big brother and if he catches you, try borrowing one from that man of the hour. He will be glad to loan it to you. Slip these sweaters over a white shirt and a contrasting skirt, push up the sleeves and rush to that eight o'clock and you will do all right the rest of the day. —^wTw— Eds, have you seen those keenlooking and comfortable shoes that Bob Skallerup is wearing? In case you haven’t they are smoked elk moccasins with crepe soles. —wTw— Some eds read Esquire. Others look at the jokes and still others take it to keep abreast of the fash-
ion world for men. No matter what you get it for, try glancing thru the fashion pages and you’ll see something new that you will be proud to be the first to wear on campus. They say co-eds clothes are fad crazy but aren’t you eds just a little interested in what the best dressed college eds will be wearing this year? —^wTw— Are you a “Madamoiselle” fan? If you are not, better get in the habit (I wouldn’t live without mine) because it is a treasure for getting you in the know on all the latest fads on the “All-American,” campuses. —wTw— “Scoop . . . Purdue co-eds dote on long sleeved shirts, skating skirts, knee socks, high rubber boots, amusing hats and the longer sweaters (and I might add the shoulder Ifength bob is here to stay)”—says College Bazaar, a new quarterly published by Harper’s Bazaar. Those fads are established but let’s see some of the freshmen start some new ones. —^wTw— It won’t be just the seniors wearing the much loved cords this year. You’ll see all the gals and fellows decked out in corduroy in its various splendid colors.
Zoaaves: Those members who wish to be active this year will meet in the Armory at 4 p. m., Monday, September 16. —GIBSON.
Christian Science Organization: First regular meeting will be held Tuesday, September 17, at 7:30 p. m. in room 238 of the Union. —MACK.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. AU makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebersboff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779. —da
A senior EE wants roommate. Good location. 112 S Grant St. Opposite Union Building.
Lost: Gold sapphire and diamond ring.— Reward. Call 8413, Room 2225.
For Rent: Two newly furnished^ rooms close to campus and west side. Twin beds in one. The other double decker in connecting dorm. Suitable for students or business people. Single, $20.00 per room. Double $26.00 per room. Quiet and home like. Splendid heat. No other roomers. Also Garage for ent. Phone 2666 after 8 p. m.
For Sale: Leather, woo}-lined half coat, size 42, almost new. Call Britt, 8421.
Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions Mm $2.60 all night. Phone, 2407.
Notices
No notices received after 6 p. m. Purdue Wheriman's Meeting: Meeting Tuesday, September 17, at 7:80 p. m. in room 303 of the Union. —VANDERBILT.
Union. All cyclists welcome.
—VANDERBILT.
All Men Students: Men students interested in archery please meet in room 104 in the Fieldhouse Tuesday, September 17, at
p. m.
—SCOTT.
All Men: All men interested in weightlifting please meet in room 104 Fieldhouse Thursday, September 19, at 8 p. m. —SCOTT.
WSGA Executive Board: Regular meeting Wednesday, September 18, at 7:80 p. m. in the WSGA office. —ZWIERLEIN.
Purdue Religious Council: First meeting of the year will be in room 68 of the Union at 7:30 p. m. Wednesday, September 18. All members be present. —MANGUS.
Senior Co-eds: Latest cord jackets from Indianapolis are offered to senior co-eds. If possible, tentative orders must be placed at the desk in the Union Sunday, September 16, from 2 to 4 p. m. or Monday, September 16, from 3 to 6:80 p. m. Price is uncertain, but reasonable. Please bring $1.00 deposit. —CHANDLER.
Modem Dance Club: Important rehearsal of the Dance Club Monday, September 16, at 4 p. m. ' —SWOPE
PIA Board: Compulsory business meeting at 6 p. m. Monday, September 16, in office preceding board banquet at 6:30 p. m. in Old Chestnut Room. —LE BOEUF.
Union Building Permanent Assignments: AU organizations wishing permanent rooms in the Union building will submit written petitions to the Student Union Board before Thursday, September 19. Please state size of the organization and the reasons for wishing a permanent room. —CLARK.
Scriveners: General business and manuscript meeting at 7:30 p. m. Sunday in the Union. See lobby bulletin board for room. -ALEXANDER.
Univereify Orchestra: Meeting Monday, September 16, at 4 p. m. in the Music Hall. All members be there. —RAGAINS.
Gymnastic Club: Meeting at 7:80 p. m. Tuesday. Sept. 17 in room 104 of the fieldhouse. All students interested in gymnastics are invited to attend. —MARKHAM.
Country Life Association Committee: Meeting Tuesday, September 17, at 4 p. m., toom 118, Agriculture Hall. The following lUembers are requested to be present: Mary Cane, Gertrude Monhart, Josinah Allen, F. Goris, R. Rglston and 8. Legg. —ARVIDSON.
Agriculture Education SocietyImportant organization meeting, Tuesday, Sept. 1.7, at 7:30 p. m. in room 804 of the Union. All in Agriculture Education option are urged to be present. —CROOKS.
All Mien Students: Men students interested. iui tumbling and gymnastics please meet in room 104 in Fieldhouse Tuesday, 8e#tembei- 171 at 7:30 p. m. —SCOTT. AU Mmi Students: Men students interested in rifle practice please meet Wednesday, September 16, in room 104 in the Fieldboose* —SCOTT.
Military Students: Any men students may sign up beginning Tuesday, September 17, in the supply room of the armory for pistol firing. First group starts September 24. —WASSMAN. Student Senate: First meeting of Student Senate Tuesday, S^tember 17, at 7:80 p, m. in the Senate office. —LAY80N.
Silver Mask: Meeting Thursday, Sept. 19, at 7:16 p. m. in room 806 of the Union. All members please be present. 9-19 —PITCHER.
Purdue WbeeUnen: Meeting Tuesday, B^tember 17, at 7:30 p. m. room 808 of
Camera Club: All members who have material in lockers in the darkrooms should leave their name and position of the lock-
LUMA
AS TIMELY AS TODAY'S HEADLINES
Don Eugonie AMECHE • LEONTOVICH Muy Beth Alan HUGHES • CDRTIS Geoige Smelt . Robait Lowery Lionel Royee • Sig Bumann A 201h Cwihny Foa; PtotiM.
PLUS—FIRST RUN HIT!
- HOW TO'HAND,LE A MAN-HANDLlNf^ WIFE!
Chtirch Directory
along with Ty Cobb as one of the greatest base stealers of all time. ♦ ♦ e And as this seems to be a political rather than a military column today we finish up with a famous last line. Muss my hair and call me Willkie.—dkh
er that they are using on the form in the darkroom book at the West desk. This should be done before Saturday, September 2lBt or the locks will be cut and the contents removed. —GEPHART.
Exponent Co-ed Sophomores: Work schedule is posted in office. Please report on days assigned. —SIMPSON. Scriveners: Important meeting Sunday, September 16, at 7:80 p. m. in room 303 of the Union. —RIEGLE.
Purdue Christian Foundation (Lafayette Christian Church, Sixth and North Sts.) 9:80 a. m.—Student Class. Bob Belcher, executive secretary of the Purdue Religious Council, will teach.' 10:40 a. m,—Church service. Doyle Mullen, minister of the Lafayette Christian Church, will preach on the subject, “Science and the Rose.” 4:30 p. m.—^Hike to Happy Hollow. Leaves from 126 S. Chauncey. Cost for food—20 cents.
For Rent: One-half of a double room. Innerspring matress, warm, clean room. $11.00. 46841. 514 Dodge St.
STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE The Most Hilarious Benny Picture of all. What Gals! What Songs I
MAN TOtA/N I A Foramount PItIur. with BINNIC BARNES PHIL HARRIS BETTY GRABLE •ROCHESTER" Oli.cl.d by Morb Sondricb
PLUS Can Our Air Forcfs Defend Our Shores? winS of the navy —.WITH — GEORGE BRENT OLIVIA DeHAVILUND
Veteran Members of the Forward Wall
West Lafayette Baptist Church 9:8d a. m.—Class. Prof. Ted Noss, teacher. 10:36 a. m.—Church Worship. Sermon by pastor, Joseph Baird Gleason, “You Cannot Dodge God.” The choir, directed by Ivah Gruver Price, will sing “My God and I.” Alberta Schmadel of Purdue will sing “My Lord is My Shepherd” by Liddle. 5:30 p. m.—^Fellowship Hour directed by Majorie Patrick. 6:00 p. m.—^Ten cent lunch. 6:30 p. m.—Discussion group. Dr. Earl Butz will speak on the suhjecti, “The Student and Campus Living.”
A1 Rossi (left) and Jack Wi^chell (right) will hold down vital positions in the 1940 edition of the Boilermaker football juggernaut. Rossi is a tackle and Winchell a guard. Both players are seniors with two years’ experience.
Methodist Wesley Foundation 9:30 a. m.—Sunday School. Co-ed classes at the Wesley Foundation, 435 State St. Teachers—Miss Coolidge and Mrs. McFadden. Men’s Student Classes at the church, N. Chauncey and South Sts. Teachers — Dean Fisher and Rev. McFadden. 10:40 a. m.—Morning Worship. Sermon: “The Voice Divine” by Dr. O. S. Steele. Two anthems by the choir. 6:16 p. m.—Student supper at the Foundation, 16 cents. 6:00 p. m.—^Fellowship Hour at the church. 6:30 p. m.—^Discussion groups on “Being Christian at College.” Leaders: Dean Fisher, Miss Coolidge, Miss Sunderlin, T. K. Noss, and Mr. Leevy. 7:15 p. m.— Worship under the leadership of Bonnie Swope.
Episcopal (St. John’s Church, Sixth and Ferry Sts.) 8:30 a. m.—^Holy Communion. 10:46 a. m.—^Morning prayer and sermon by rector.
Lutheran (St. James, Eighth and Cincinnati Streets) 10:00 a. m.—Meaning services.
byterian Church, 7th and Columbia, Lafayette, Mr. Findley preaching. 6:00 p. m.—Sunday ^evening club meets at University Church for dinner. 7:00 p. m.—Sunday evening club program — Mr. Enrique J. Quintana, of Havana, Cuba,
University Presbyterian Church 9:30 a. m.—Dr. L. M. Sears, Purdue Department of History, will speak to the Sunday morning discussion group. 10:45 a. m.—Worship and Preaching Service at Central Pres-
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY ADULT CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER’S Wed.. Sept. 18, 7:30 P. M. ADVANCED Thurs.. Sept. 19. 7:30 P. M. Children's Classes Sat., Sept. 21 PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6TH & FERRY
TODAY - MONDAY ETERNALLY YOURS — WITH — LORETTA YOUNG DAVID NIVEN —and— "Vigil in the Night" — WITH — CAROL LOMBARD — ALSO — WALT DISNEY CARTOON
NOW PLAYING
THRILL FOR THRILL... STAR FOR STAR ... the mightiest screen entertainment of them all!
enii-nncir
Prices This Attraction Only MATINEE ^ Main Floor 40c 4c Tax = 44e Balcony 31 e 4e Tax = 35e NIGHTS fr ALL DAY SUNDAY , Main Floor 54e -I- 6e Tax = fiOc j Balcony 40c -f 4e Tax s= 44e Children—15c any time
^4
A MERRY MERGER OF LOVE AND LAUGHTER!
Alan Marshal Eoaene Pallelle • Una 0*Cannor
Now
Playing IniADCi "M..
Sunday. September IS. 1940
pusDoe exponent
Ml? / ^ ■
Vf
I t
^Sticks And Stones Can Break My Bones • . • ’ New Training Room Provides Best Possible Treatment For Injuries
Sophomores Get Chance In Grid Lineup; Rankin Leads Veterans
lllnsioK
Mai's Assistant
By Phil Johnson If all of the adhesive tape used by the Bi)ilermaker athletic department each year were stretched in one line, it would make a continuous white strip from Lafayette to the state capitol at Indianapolis, with nearly ten miles of tape remaining. This is not a statement of Bipley’s, but one of a series of extremely interesting facts garnered from the head trainer, Lon Mann, in our visit to the new ultra-modem tr'aining room in the Pieldhouse yesterday afternoon. “Each year the various squads combined use 1,600 rolls of 80 yards each,” commented the Riveter trainer, who is beginning his eighteenth season with the University. According to our feeble mathematics this would make a total of 360,000 feet of tape, or a total length of over 68 miles. However, Lon was little in-' terested in discussing tape, but was more anxious to exhibit the newly constructed and furnished training room. First, he explained that with this newly equipped room of the Boiler-
PICTURE FRAMING
makers could boast a training room which is the best in the United States, with the possible exceptio'n of the University of California. It enables Riveter athletes to enjoy the finest treatment that is possible for them. The huge room has been divided into five sections. The first 4s' the first aid and medical room, a light and airy room where injuries requiring first aid or medical aid may be administered. This room has all of the equipment of a modern doctor’s office, with not a detail overlooked. Luxurious Suffering The second is known (by those who can pronounce it) as the elec-tro-therapeutic room. Among the equipment here are short wave heat treatment m^jmines of the newest design and a quartz-mercury lamp. The heat machines give a deep heat whic^h is used in the treatmen of torn muscles, charley horses, stiff legs, and a variety of similar ills. The quartz-mercury lamp is for the treatment of skin diseases, boils, and for simtanning.
PHOTO SUPPLIES
^ OFF on Discontinued G. E. and Wabash Flash Bulbs
Hinea The Photographer CAMERAS OF ALL KINDS 634 Main Street Phone 7775
1941 CROSLEY "glamor tone" RADIOS A'Small models featuring the famous Crosley “fiver” of 7 tube performance, AC power transformer, 3 band, bass compensation, hand rubbed wood cabinet, 6 inch dynamic speaker, lighted “gold-glow” dial, built in heliscope loop antenna Mce $19-95 Full line of console models featuring three gang tuning condensers, stage of R. F. ahead of superheterodyne circuit and dozens of other standout features at prices..$39.95 to $69.95 Combination phonograph and radio $79.95, $99.95, $119.95 Recorder models that feature a fine radio, automatic record rbanging phonograph, recorder for making your own records from both radio programs and michrophone, also? include public address system. Prices $109.95, 119.95, j 129.95, period model cabinet $149.95. We Invite You to See the Latest Models
Klinker Sales Co.
827-29 Main Street
Phone 7950
All’Weather
Jacket
New Sawyer Frog Brand utility jacket of lightweight oUed fabric. Ideal for shower protection, ^ wind-breaker or auto jacket. Yellow, with black corduroy faced collar and matching black metal buttons. Large utility pocket. A man’s coat, but the girls choose it also. Sizes 34-44
Also in room number two are a pair of bicycles, sans wheels, which are driven by electric motors. These “Exercycles” are for exercising and working out charley horses, and, incidentally, reducing. We warned Lon that if he let this last bit of information get into print that he might be besieged with dietworn co-eds, but he assured us that there was nothing that he would like better. Another Room The third room is known as the taping room. Here, every afternoon each member of the vafsity and most of the freshmen squad have their ankles taped, along with any other bracing that is deemed necessary. Here also are a couple of cans of compound of tincture of benzoin, which is painted on the torso before the tape is applied to prevent the erosion of skin. Also along the west wall of the room there is a cabinet where the athletes may self-service their minor injuries—that is, put on small bandages, methiolate, etc. Lon laughlingly remarked that it w,as was first aid “cafeteria style.” The fourth room is the track and massaging room. This room is mainly for track adherents, jbut is used by many others as well. It consists of six rubbing tables, with two of them boasting sun lamps. Fifth Room The fifth and final room is the hydrotherapeutic annex, where water Here is an electrically driven matreatments of all kinds are given, chine (that resembles the motor on a small speed boat) which swishes hot water continually around the patient’s legs. This treatment is for aiding charley horses, sprained ankles, and bruises. Also in the room is a compartment where hot or cold water under a pressure of 80 pounds is shot against the exposed portion of the body. 'This device is for rejuvenating weak backs and tired muscles. Before leaving Lon to the task of taping the ankles of the some 75 footballers reporting for practice, we asked him his predictions concerning the season’s prospects. Replied Lon, “We’re going to have a lot better team than is expected*.”
By Joseph Patrick Dolan
Dave Rankin, football captain, is picked on the Saturday Evening Post’s' potential all-American football team for this season, the second team. Now someone’s mistaken when they place Dave on any second team, but “we” can’t all be right. —I-I— The play of Pete Timperman during the early practice sessions places Riveter line hopes about two
Second Best?
degrees hotter than expected. Pete, a great tackle as a sophomore, but shelved last season due to a Notre Dame injury is one of the most con-
One of Head Coach Mai Elward’s ablest assistants is Sammy Voinoff, above. During his intercollegiate career Voinoff played in the guard position.
scienious practice men on the squad, and he’s slapping the boys around with a vim. —I-I— Prognosticators (they really should not command such a title) are putting Boilermaker football hopes along with those of old Siwash. “Purdue will win two, at least,” says one writer; “the Boilermakers are ticketed to be a floor mop for conference cleats,” writes another, and so on go the guessers. —I-I— Frankly, I can’t see our lads taking a beating from anyone. We have five linemen who can stand up to any in the grid world, and capable reserves in the rest. Petty could be a sensation, and may if he can leaim to start faster. Iowa was meas-ured by her reserve strength last season, but. .. -1-1-Give me Purdue’s first team line, and I’m sure we can 'match our schedule point for point.
Lafayette Life Insurance Company HOME OFFICE Lafayette Life Building, Lafayette, Indiana
September 15, 1940
Dear Student:
It is a source of pride to tell you that I have completed arrangements through the Lafayette Life Insurance Company for the estblishment of a College Agency in ^rdue University. . This agency idea was- born while I was still in Purdue. As a student I recognized the rifeed for a life insurance service that was different a service that would be a more tangible help to the student, j^ifteen months of preparation followed. Outstanding authorities on student insurance have been consulted and the attitude of many business personnel directors toward life insurance has been checked and studied from a student?s standpoint. By specializing in this way, I feel that I can give a more intelligent and helpful service.
The life insurance profession is my life's work and it affords me the opportunity to assist you in planning your present and future financial program which, I am sure, will be the beginning of a long and pleasant relationship. . 1 \ Sincerely yours,
fja^e PoJc
06
Home Office College Representative
Mai Elward’s plucky band of 74 gridders, whose conference chances have been frowned on by several experts, but who might easily jostle those predictions, drilled for three hours yesterday afternoon on the varsity practice field. It marked the last open Saturday for the Boilermaker gridmen until October 19 when the calm will fall after three successive battles — Butler, Ohio State, and Michigan State. Opening yesterday’s session, the squad divided into two units for signal practice and to synchronize their running and aerial plays. About an hour later Elward called in a reserve team to battle against the first stringers in scrimmage. Starting in the backfield for the varsity was a quartet composed of Bill Buffington, fullback; Tony Berto and John Galvin, halfbacks; and Bob Kersey at quarterback. The line personnel included Dave Rankin, Italo Rossi, Jack Winchell, Ted Axton, Jim Miller, P^e^-Timperman, and Bill Combs. Several other com-, binations were used later during
practice.
Speedy Dave During the first part of scrimmage the work of Dave Rankin, captain and dependable flank man, was very impressive, especially his brilliancy in spearing passes. The veteran Johnny Galvin, halfback from Chicago, reeled off a few twisting runs of long distances. Sophomore backs displaying promising form were Berto, whose southpaw passing was a threat; Anderson, a hard-running back, and Brock, who ran, passed and punted with equal effectiveness. Linemen Italo Rossi and Bill Combs showed great alertness on both offense and
defense.
Several former Boilermaker stars cast an approving eye toward this year’s varsity at practice yesterday. Among them were Carl Heldt, captain of the 1935 team; Dick Bateman, end who graduated in 1932; Duane Purvis, great halfback of a few years back; and Eli Yeager, member of last year’s football, basketball, and baseball teams. President Watches Another distinguished person, distinguished not as a result of football accomplishments, who visited the Boilermaker camp yesterday was President E. C. Elliott, an enthusiastic rooter for all Riveter sports. President Elliott is temporary director of athletics,( filling the vacancy caused by the death of Noble E. Kizer, beloved coach and head of the physical education department, late this summer. Pop Doaii Calls Practice For Yarsily Baseball Candidates With freshman coach/Pop Doan ^handling the reins, fall varsi^ baseball practice was inaugurated yesterday afternoon on the north end of the intramm*al field. Approximately 30 men, half of them sophomores, reported for the first session but with next spring a long way off this is by no means an indication ott the team’s future strength. Though many of last year’s squad were lost by graduation, this year4 promising crop of young sophomores should more than make up the deficiency. In particular, the pitching and catching staffs are much larger than last year’s. No less than eight pitchers, five of them sophombi'es, have turned out for practice, making the loss of Boh Bailey, number one pitcher for the past two seasons, less of a vital matter than would ordinarily .be ex-
pected.
m SCHEDULE _ )El£GULAR GAMES Monday, September 16
Diamond
*• Alpha vs Delta ISpsiton Phi Delta Theta vs Sig^ Alpha liki Tan Kappa Epsilon w Phi^woa
Delta
Beta Theta Pi vs Phi Kappa ^ma Phi EpsUon vs Phi Kappa Theta XI vs Alpha Tan Omega Alpha Chi Rho vs X'heta Tan
Alpha Kappa Lambda vs K^pa DeRa
RllO
Tau Epsilon Phi vs Theta Chi PW Kappaj^ma vs Sigma Pi . Pi Karaa Phi vs Kappa Sigma Alpha Sigma Phi vs Sigim Delta Tan Delta vs T:^ngts Aoaeia vs Sigma Mu
I
4. B. 6. 7, 8. 8.
10. 11. 12. a 16. 16. 17.
'}. ISmm
PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday. September 15. 1940
'Boilermaker Special..." Editor’s Note: The following is an account of the history behind the Purdue mascot, “Boilermaker Special.” We are publishing it here because we desire to record for posterity the story of the birth and growth of an idea. We are also publishing it here to give recognition to the men who contributed so generously of their time and resources to the culmination of the project. In addition to the names mentioned in the story we should like to add one more'lintine, that of Warren Archibald, the author of the story, who contributed a great deal of his time during this last spring and summer m seeing that the mascot was completed. * By Warren Archibald Late in the spring- semester closing: in June, ^939, a letter to the editor appeared in the student daily Exponent advocating the construction of a symbolic mascot, perhaps in the form of a mechanical man, for the University athletic teams. The author of the letter, then a sophomore in school (pharmacy), was I. H. Selkowitz. He reiterated his plea in a similar letter shortly after school opened that fall, and his cry was taken up at one of the meetings of the Reamer Club, athletic booster honorary. Homecoming time was deemed a good time to spring the drive on students and alumni. The idea had taken the form of a'locomotive mascot to be mounted on an automobile chassis. Eight thousand tags were printed bearing the print of a steaming locomotive and. a pledge to aid in the campaign to raise funds to build the mascot. Monday morning, November 6, saw $451 collected. This was not enough. Three members of the Reamer club journeyed to Chicago the following Friday to attend the Friday evening banquet of the Purdue Chicago Club and the Purdue-Northwestem football game the next day. W. H. Winterrowd, president of the national association of Purdue alumni and vice-president of the Baldwin Locomotive Works in Philadelphia, arrived at the banquet in time to offer tp build the superstructure for the mascot if the club would furnish the chassis. Working with University officials, the club secured another generous gift... a 1940 Studebaker Champion chassis was shipped from South Bend, Indiana, President Paul Hoffman of the Studebaker Corporation practically donating it to the University. Reorganization work in the Baldwin plant kept Dr. Winterrowd busy until the football season, the basketball season, and even Gala Week, had passed. Then the designs submitted by J. D. Hoffman, ME '40, and a member of the Reamer Club, modified by another Purdue^ graduate employed by Baldwin, crystallized during the summer. Changes in the chassis were made through the generosity of Ross Gear & Tool Company and the Peter Anderson Motor Company of Lafayette, and the chassis
Jjurnh^ JjoIL Bold and Blqck
He Answered The Call Yesterday morning’s Exponent carried a story about Dr. Frank Hall, physician at the Student Health Service. The story contained only the facts concerning Dr. Hall’s departure from the University, as a good news story/ should. But between the lines of that story was written an even better story. It was the story of a man who answered the call of his country by giving up his job to take his place behind the colors; it was also the story of a University that did its part by hplding open the job vacated by Dr. Hall; it was the story of cooperation between a man and his employer in the fulfilling of a greater service to a country which protects both. No doubt, in the next few weeks more staff members and students in the National Guard and the Naval Reserve will be called from their work here at the University to take part in the national defense program. Some will leave here unnoticed, others will leave a gap hard to fill, but all will leave with the full knowledge that their jobs will be waiting for them when they return. There has been much talk these past few months about the great sacrifices and great handicaps that would be brought about by the conscription bill and the calling out of the Guard. The hour is now at hand; the test of our strength as a nation is about to begin. According to present reports, students will not be affected by the conscription bill until June 30, 1941, but nevertheless the effects of the law will be felt in many ways, through the University and through home. We only hope that in the months that lie ahead that we shall be able to meet the demands of our country in coping with one of the greatest crises that has arisen in the past decade. If we know anything about history we think America will meet the challenge!
University of Pittsburgh’s placement bureau finds jobs for four out of every ten men who graduate. Average starting salary is $130 per month. arrived in Philadelphia September 3 to receive the superstructure. Dr. Winterrowd is a member of the class of 1907, donors of the Victory Bell, and a classmate of Clinton “Doc” Anderson, who has lent invaluable assistance at his motor company. The mascot arose through the efforts of two members of the class of 1907, the Reamer Club members of the classes of 1940 and 1941, and the contributions of loyal students and alumni of Purdue.
Went tea dancing yesterday afternoon and witnessed the usual over-abundance of males. The stag line Outnumbered couples on the fioor and seemed to worry more about the singing of Darlene Mahns than cutting in. At registration time there was a hopeful rumor going around that co-eds would outnumber eds in the class of '44. Wishful thinking. —B & B— Jane Robinson, Pi Phi, seems to have mastered the book buying problem. Setting up headquarters in the Sweet Shop, she soon had a procession of males going and coming from book stores. All it took was a reflection in a tired voice that the first we^k was “so tiring” and that she simply “had to have texts.” If they only realized. —B & B — And speaking of Pi Phis, Jo Dennis, former resident of the “first house to have pillars,” returned to the campus yesterday for a brief visit. With her was husband Earl Carter, now a student at Butler. —B & B— One of the ATO’s new frosh, a French lad direct from the old country, IS causing a near sensation hereabouts. It seems that all the girls are simply dying for dates with him but he has pledged himself to stick to work and sometimes the continentals are better at sticking to things like that than we Americans. What a shame. —B & B— Jean Todd, although no longer in school, has been seen frequently in her usual haimt—the Sweet Shop. —What charms hath that spot? —B & B— Speaking of the SS—a new name was added yesterday to the ranks of the habitues'thereof when, in the middle of the afternoon, none other but our revered Prexy himself strolled in. He exhibited promising talent in the art but left deplorably soon. We have it on good authority that instead of looking into every booth as a good joe would do, he only looked in about half of them. —B & B— He’s apt to miss something good that way.
Senior Co-eds Plan To Wear Cord Jadcefs Corduroy jackets were chosen by the senior girls at their meeting last Friday as a means of distinguishing them from other co-eds on campus. Jeanne Chandler, chairman of the senior committee, was in charge. All seniors are urged to place their orders and a one dollar deposit at the Union desk tomorrow from 2 ’til 4 o’clock or Monday from 3 ’til 6:30 o’clock. / Orchestra To Convene Tomorrow, Music Hall J. M. Ragains, director of the University Orchestra, announced yesterday that the orchestra will meet at 4 o’clock tomorrow afternoon in the Music Hall to organize for the coming school year. Following Wednesday’s mass meeting for students interested in musical organizations, the orchestra held tryouts for prospective musicians. Tryouts were held Thursday and Friday with final eliminations yesterday. The personnel of the orchestra, together with the personnel of the other campus musical organizations, will be announced in Wednesday’s Exponent. W. S. Nesbitt . . . CE, ’21, was recently promoted by the Chicago Bridge and Iron Company to the position of manager of their Greenville, Pa., plant. Since 1934 he has been in charge of their Greenville drafting
We are planning, if we get sufficient response, to write one complete column with nothing in it but pin pushing and business revelant thereto. If you have heard of any mergers on good authority, drop the pertinent information at the west Union desk and we will see what we can do. Do it within the next week.
uu^ n
It’s good-
—B & B— -for YOU!
W. A. A. Sports “Sider” Sip to be held Tuesday afternoon, September 17, at 4:30 o’clock in the Women’s Memorial Gym for all freshman coeds will start the ball rolling for the W. A. A. social season. —^waa— Faculty members and W. A. A. officials will be introduced. —^waa— Heads of fall sports will introduce their particular sports and tell a little about them. —^waa— Doughnuts and cider will replace the traditional tea and cookies. —^waa— — Main purpose of the Sport “Sider” Sip is to introduce freshman co-eds to W. A. A. and its functions on campus. Memberships will be on sale for those who wish to purchase them now. See your nearest W. A. A. council member. —^waa— W. A. A. new point system will be introduced this year. It is believed to be a great improvement over the one used in previous years. Point system is the means of giving credit to W. A. A. sport participators toward their numerals and finally the letter (P).
W. A. A. introduces a new activity on the campus for sophomores and freshman co-eds in the form of office work to be done from 4 to 5 o’clock on Monday, Wednesday and Friday at the Women’s Memorial Gym. W. A. A. points will be given. All co-eds who can type or are interested in office work are asked to see Lee Westover, W. A. A. prexy.
Speed ball call-outs are set for Thursday afternoon, September 19, at the Women’s Memorial Gjnn. Jean Steigerwald, W. A. A. head of speed ball, urges all co-eds to come out.
Although co-eds can participate in only one major sport, points will be given for all sports.
HI SENIORS
SENIOR CORDS
DERBIES
CANES
SENIOR CORDS for Style and Service
^ ^ V V a e o u
You’ll Be Happy Too, If You Buy Your Cords At-
This is a strictly standard typewriter with regular four row keyboard, back spacer, margin stops, etc., bqt has the further immense odvantage of writinig foreign languages and simple mathematical symbols. This has previously been available only on models priced at $49.50 and above and then only at an extra charge of $5.00.
Remington Typewriter Agency SELL - RENT - REPAIR ,.,.,,1 STUDENTS’ PORTABLE WUH EXCLUSIVE EDUCATIONAL KEYBOARD by Remington
It writes such letters as; French : e e g a d Spanish: g ^ a German : u a o Portuguese: 5 S S' e £ i
Italian:
Writes eight languages and mathematical symbols. See specimen of work below. First time such "write ability" for less than $54.50. Price includes carrying case
and touch method instructor. Mathematical symbols: Divide: 16 2 ■= 8 Multiply: 3 X 6 = 18 Subtract: 3x - x = 2x Add : 11 -i- 12 23
(also English, Dutch and Latin)