', \‘,'i 7 A ;j''":'''^ . - ; 1 '
J
STRESSES ,;', Letter Writitpg « \ ^ ‘ / To Soldiers
PiijMiSS/ No. 54 <tiirtiii[jiiri^(i)'r(|in
UMBERT PUNS New Hardwood
Puirdlu^ Univeriity, West tal^yefte, Indiana
Sunday^ November 2% 1942^
IWS To Hold Elections StoileiiiCoiwife
For Representatives Coeds To Vote In Great Hall Of Union Wednesday From W A. M.To 5 P. M.
' By Peg Wendell
lloiiverSity coeds will elect their representatives for the Associated Women Students organization Wednesday from 10 a. ihv th 6 {). m. The elections will be held in the Great Hall of the' Union and in order to be able to cast a vote each coed
must be sure to bring her passport.
The girls who have been nominated are Dorothy Cornthwaite and Mabel Vaughan for president; Margaret Meltzer and Carol Roblee tot vice president; Dor-
Tobe-Coburn School Will Interview Coeds For Fashioil Careers
is Dohdisey and Jean Thompson for treiisurer; Betty Ludberg and Lois Veit, Junior representative, and Judy Jones, Martha McCulloch, Betty Murphy and Mary Lou Sternberg for SophoitlOrt* I’eprescntativc. There are two sophoipore representatives to be
elected.
The AWS is a governmental organization which represents the coeds oft the campus. It has jurisdictldrl over many problems which are coftcerrted with the government of the women students. Coed hours, rules concernirig conduct of the coeds, and orientation of freshman Women students are a few of the problems which are ably dealt with by.the AWS. Thb AWS also deals with the coedb who have violated some rule concerned and attempts to make the freshmen girls feel more at home at the University by seeing them th'roligli-registration, helping them flHdi theli' Way around' the campus, §|4ld ihtroducing them to older girls Who daft Hblp them'with the problems which are so real to a fresh-
ifian..
It is the duly of every coed on the campus to take advantage of this chance for student government Whieh is offered. Every girl who is registered in the University owes ii 'lor herself to shOiv the proper intprfast in the government of the codds and help elect her presenta-
tivefe.
I’he AWS booth in the Great HalJ of the Union will be open from 10 a. m. until 6 p. m. to allow every Coed' to vote, and; every girl is encouraged to show her interest in the privileges which are afforded
her.
Navy—Coast Guard— Marine Reserves There Will be a meeting of all stadehts whb hold reserve (inactive) commissions, or who have been sworn in to any of the enlisted' rserves of the Navy, Coast Ggard or Marine Corjis in l^oom 3ft3, Memorial Union Building, i'ufcsday, December 1, at 7:30 O’clock. ' ' —W. A. KNAPP
i ft’
/
Replacement Service for Wonfen has announced that Miss Julia Coburn of the Tobc-Coburn School for Fashion Careei's in New York City will be on campus Ihis'Thursday, December 3. From 1 to 4 she will schedule interviews with any girls who are interested in knowing more about the training school. At 4 she will preside at a general meeting of all women students where she will speak on “Women in the Post-War World.’’ Senior girls interested in the school will be able to compete for one of the five Fashion Fellowships to be awarded by the Tobe-Coburn School in the nation-wide .competition. Julia Coburn, president of the school, stresses the current importance of well qualified women to help in accelerating our war efforts. She stated that a year of specialized training now will enable young women to gain rather quickly positions which normally would take years to attain. Many jobs in retail work, formerly taken by men, are now open to women. The future is particularly promising for women who are preparing for jobs now and plan to continue in peacetime. All senior women are eligible and those entering must have their registration blank and the first paper mailed to the school no later than iDtee. 5. The final paper for the award will be due on March 20. Last year’s winners of the “Fashion Fellowships,” now members of the class of ’43, came from Emmanuel College, Northwestern, Principia, Wisconsin, and Leland
Stanford.
Complete information and registration blanks may be obtained from the Placement Service office in
the Executive building.
WRH Wi Held Coed Bid Dance At Halls Next Friday Residents of the Women’s Residence Halls will hold a coed bid forKfial dance next Friday evening from 8:30 until 11:30. The dancing will be held in the recreational rooms of North andi South Halls. Glenn Wright, a 'campus band, will play in South Hall and the music will be broadcast to North by a PA system. In keeping with the war effort being made by the WRH residents, they will make their own decorations and make them simple. Also the programs for the dance will be made by the .girls themselves. Formerly the annual Hall Dance was held in the Union; but, beginning last year, the dance has been held in the Halls to economize and
to contribute to the war offoit,
Jarema Ranks First In Speech Contest A. J. Jarema was ranked first in
On Military Service Exponent To Publish
Results Soon
Organized for the purpose of affording students an'opportunity to gain practical experience in supervision, the Student Industrial Relations and' Personnel Committee, with J. W. Wiggins as director, assisted by J. G. Murphy, has successfully started an active program of services to the students in the
University.
Since questions about the' military services are of great concern to the students at this time, the Committee developed as one of its projects the collection of data which will help in answering some of these questions. The organization began its work in the collectjon of the necessary data by attending the discussions conducted by the various branches of the seryice. At each of these discussion periods a member of the organization was presept. The questions as they were asked by the students and the answers by the respective members of the services were recorded. The material was then collected, tabulated and checked further to guaiantee au-
thenticity.
Results To Be Published Within the next few weeks, the results of this project will be published in the Exponent for the benefit of the students. The material to bo published will be pertinent to all men students as it will be in answer to the questions which have frequently been asked by them. 4-H Clubs Furnish
Louis Symphony Tonight Vladimir Golschmann To Conduct Concert In University Music Hall At 8:30 P. M.
Vladimir Golschmann
Coeds Of WRH Entertain 225
. . . the former Fi'jench director who has been acclaimed the "most complete conductor of our time."
Many Ag Students Reamer Banquet,
Indiana 4-H Clubs this fall contributed 361 or 66per cent of the total 642 students enrolled in the University’s agriculture school, and statistics show that sixty per cent of the SjOphomore class were former 4-H Clilb members. Many of the coeds have been previous club members. Forty-four per cent of the total enrollment of 628 in the school of Home Economics were members, with the largest 4-H enrollment coming from the senior class, in which over 50 per cent have been 4-H’eis. The average patticipation of these home economics students in club work has been around five years per member, and they have taken part in an average of over eleven projects with many serving as junior leaders.
Red Mackey will be the piincipal speaker for the Reamer initiation banquet which will be held this evening at 6 o’clock in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union. Initiation of sixteen new pledges to the Reamer honorary will be held. Reamers are pledged and initiated as independent men outstanding in campus activities.
Members of all staffs of the Exponent are invited to the annual staff banquet tonight at 6:15 in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union. The banquet will be free of charge to Exponent staff members.
Wheat To Indiana Farmers
ilgihBering Seniors
' teh'gdh'6ei'ing students to be grad-
December 20’ will have an o'p-
Ixfi’liihlty Ndvember' 30 and DeceriiTjor i to loath about. Executij^e Mahaghinefit and' Business Trai'h^ng. A representative of the Alexander'Hamilton Institute, Mr. R. B. Holmes, will be at the l|iiivcrsity Presbyterian Church to tell the graduates about the Business Train-
ing service of the Institute. For a quarter of a century the
Institute has cooperated with the University in bringing to technical graduates a non-resident course in Executive Management and Business Training. In former years the representative of the Institute has
spoken before the gradriating class, the anrtual Speech 14 convocation
but because of the shortened term this custom has been cancelled' this year. Thh defense industries are looking' for technical men who know
thei/ business.
For appointments see Mr. Holmes at the Westminister Foundation on Monday and'Tiie.sday, November 30 and December 1, between 8 a. m.
and 6 p. m.
held last Wednesday night in Fowler Hall. The subject of his talk was “Plastic Bomb Cases.” Second place resulted in a tie between the talks by W. S. Simpson and D. H.i Looney. Titles of their talks were “The Japanese Alien Problem” and “Substitution of Wielding” respectively. About 500 Speech 14 students did the ranking.
By Dale Simpson University Agricultural Experiment Station is^ offering a new variety of soft winter wheat for commercial production this year. It was developed in 1926 by crossing the Purkof and Fulhio varieties. This cross was made to combine the winter hardiness of Purkof with the good pastry quality and disease resistance of Fulhio. Fairfield ripens at the same time as the medium early varieties of soft winter wheat as Michigan Amber, Fultz, Trumbull, Poole and Rudy, and appears to be adapted to a wide range of soil and climate conditions. In all field tests it has been proven superior in yield and equal in quality to the standard soft varieties now grown in Indiana. In a nine year test conducted at tlic University, Fairfield out yielded all other varieties tested except Purdue 1. In a five year test in Southern Indiana it proved su])erior in yield to the local strain of Fultz which is widely grown in that section of the state. Used experimentally in two year field tests in outlying experimental fields, the Fairfield wheat excelled all other standard varieties including Purdue 1. While Fairfield is bred for high yields, its high resistance to cold, as
well as to certain troublesome diseases, makes consistent yields more certain. Tests durin.g the past nine years indicate that Fairfield is irr more harrly, posscssin.g greater resistance to cold and wintei-killing than any of the common soft or semi-haid winter variety of wheats. A .stiff straw which rc'-isls lodgin.g for as long as three weekn after 1101 mal iipening, and the resistance of the .giain to "-hi'tteiing make Fail-field cniite suitable foi hai vesting with a co’nbine. The superior quality of the stiaw is also reflected ill the fact that it does not bend or break to an extent that the heads would hang below the level of the sickle bar wheie thejj would bo lost
at harvest time.
Thioug'houf the selection itnd test in,g of Fail field, special attention was given to baking and niilliiig quality. Ail pdtentially promising selections were subjected to at lea.st these thiee tests: (1) Tlie ferme'ntation-time test for gluten strength; (2) The grabulation test for flour particle size; (3) the photoelectric cell for yellow pigment. Later experimental baking test wore made on Fairfield by U. S. Regional Soft Wheat Laboratory, Wooster, Ohio, and b.v two large commercial mills in Indiana with
satisfactory results.
Tliursday At 7:30 Thursday at 7:30 Dr. J. J, Galloway, professor of geology and paleontology at the University of Indiana, will lecture on “The Story of Peti oleum.” The lecture, being spensored by Sigma Xi, national honorary research fraternity, will be held in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall and will be open
to all.
Prof. Galloway spent eighteen years in the geology department at Colunfbia University before going to Indiana eleven years ago. Not only has he been a teacher in geology but he has also served as a consultant to major oil companies. Dr. Galloway will discuss distribution, production, geologic relations, oiigiii, migration, and finding of petroleum and the future of its development. He will use charts and specimens to illustrate his lecture. Organized Women Exceed .Goal In War Bond Drive Women representing all the sororities, clubs and various other federated 01 ganizations of Tippecanoe County met in the faculty lounge of the Union yesterday afternoon from 3 until 4:30. Having organized themselves to participate in the National “Women at War Week” which ended yesterday, they held an achievement tea climaxing their successful effort to roach a .goal of 16,000 in war bonds sold during the week in Tippecanoe County. The .coal was reached and well exceeded by the end of the week. At the tea the various committees connected with county war work made their lespective reports, and a short progiam of filmed sound pictures I'cvealin.g war needs was shown.
Science, Engineering Freshmen Students All who have not jet had an interview with the Student Industrial Relations and Personnel Committee should sigji up for an interview in the Personnel Office in the Executive Building at their immediate convenience. These interviews will be held on November 30 through December 4 from I to 5 o’clock. This interview is very important to every student.
Tonight at 8:30 in the Music Hall the St. Louis Symphony Orchestra will give a concert at a regularly scheduled University convocation. The concert was originally scheduled for ---- , - - ^ ‘ Symphony Program 1. Excerpts from the Suite, “The Faithful Shepherd” (Arranged by Sir Thomas Beecham) , Introduction and Fugue Adagio Minuet
Finale
2. Mendelssohn Symphony No. 4 in A Major (“Italian”),
Opus 90.
Allegro vivace
Andante con moto Con moto moderato Saltarello (Presto)
INTERMISSION
3. Debussy Prelude a “L’Apres-midi d’un Faune” 4. Mourrorgsky Prelude to “Khovanstchina”. 5. Tschiakowsky Fantasia: “Francesca da Rimini”, Opus 32. 3 o’clock in the afternoon, but it was necessary to change the time because of the transportation problem. Passpbrts or season tickets will be required for admission, however, individual tickets which are good
for this single convocation may be purchased at the ticket office in the Music Hall for $1.00
plus tax.
The St. Louis Symphony has been under the direction of Vladimir Golschmann since 19M, when he was engaged after o le appearance as the guest conductor. Golschmann was slightly more than twenty years old the first time he toured this country as director of a French Symphony orchestra. He has been acclaimed as the “most complete conductor of our time” by Andre Coeuroy, a French mucic critic, and Walter Damrosch has twice had Golschmann as guest conductor of the New York Philharmonic Orchestra. He has appeared as guest conductor in many piominent cities both in this country and
in Europe.
Each season the orchestra gives more than fifty concerts in St. Louis or on extensive tours of t’ne country, and holds a record of sixty years of continuous appearances. The popularity of the orchestra has been continually increasing and at the last performance in Chicago the audience gave an ovation that lasted for twelve minutes. Women Students To Enroll In University For Special Course One hundred women students are expected to enroll in the University and start February 1 on a special one year course in engineering to equip them for employment with the Curtiss-Wright Aeronautical Corporation, it became known yesterday. Final details of the proposed plan are expected to be completed within the next few daj^s, as telegrams confirming the special war-time course to aid the aviation industrj' have been exchanged between the University and the aeronautical firm. Expenses of the 100 women engineers will be paid by Curtiss-Wright Company. Announcement of the coming of 100 additional women to the campus to take the techuleal instruction of direct value to the aviation industry was made this week to occupants of the Women’s Residence Hall, where arrangements will be made to house the newcomers by placing two persons in the single
rooms.
Mr. Cole of the Curtiss-Wright Company was here a month ago to open negotiations for the school, his company sponsoring a program of the same sort in seven other universities. Selection of applicants and the final courses of study to be pursued will be determined by the Curtiss-Wright representatives. It is known, however, the company has made one of’ its requirements that all who enroll must have had one and a half years of college training, including a year of mathe-
matics.
Freshman and upperclass women of the Women’s Residence Halls entertained a group of 226 sailors yesterday afternoon with a Thanksgiv-
ing week end tea dance.
The 225 sailors wore chosen from the first members in each Section to sign up as preferring to attend and, being on liberty at 1 in the afternoon, were invited to come to either North or South Hall recreation rooms where there was dancing from 3 until about 5:30 in the afternoon. The music was provided by recordings on a PA system provided
by Cary Hall.
No dates were arranged for the entertainment and dancing was a coed bid affair. It was purposely planned to have more girls attending than sailors so that the sailors would be kept dancing or entertained by the other recreational fa-
cilities of the Halls.
The girls supervised some novelty dances “just for fun”, and there were provisions made for playing cards, playing ping pong and other such things. Refreshments, consisting of punch and sandwiches, were also served during the afternoon.
Mortar Board Pledges
Sally Beall
Lucille Chaminade Dorothy Cornthwaite
Betty Gray
Charlotte Hass
Jean Lauer
Virginia Lee McDonald Dorothy Ragsdale
Carolyn Wood
Sorority Rush
Must Stop Tuesday Beginning this Tuesday, December 1, all sorority rushing must cease, according to the Pan-Hellenic rules adopted under the new sorority rush system. Informal rushing has been permitted this semester until this date, with certain exceptions, violations of which were subject to fines assessed upon the violators by
the Pan-Hellenic Coimcil.
According to the rules which go into effect Tuesday, there will be no rushing whatsoever, including: 1. Organized girls shall have no coke dates with freshman women. 2. No freshman women shall be permitted to enter^ any sorority house on the campus. 3. There shall be no doubledating of freshman women and organized women. 4. No organized women may fix up dates for freshman women. 5. Generally, no parties or other such planned social engagements shall be held for the ijur-
pose of rushing.
r.;
1}
1I?
‘ H * ■: Pa^ 2
Purdue Exponent
"’;#:
i, ^ ‘
Sunday, Ndveikbii^29, 1942
PiiMue Exponent . Offices: Edifdrial imiil Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4605 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 11^1 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Edi(ftf-in-Chicf Nfv s Editor Mnnac'^iip: Editor. .. Spni is Editor Husi TO'Js Mntia^cr Cord Editor
....John F. Amos ....Don T. BrophF ....John H. Armstront Robert L. Itaflley ...Ken K. Gjemre Alice Chatficld
PubItcaHon Staff ,
Associate Editors Eflitorial Staff: n. W. OchcHlrec, A. P. Hunter, W. E. Rafert, K, Pui7., \V. (J. Ho.-^kina, R. W, Boswinklc, K. Roquemore, S. Wulf. Sports Siaff: D. E. Prewor, J. S. Daw&on, D. Shryer, C. . Si'wards. , Ct.od Staff: Sally Boall. Charlotte Haj^s, Jean Lauer, Elaine ■ -A hr.‘IKS. Business Staff ( .! u Perinrss Mnnoffcr: Julia Martin. Aii^f'rti.siniT Mnnaircrs: J. M. Wright. D. J.,. Johnson, J. Petty. (. ii. ah'.tion Manager : G. H. Klouman. Acct onls Manager: Trcna Torrrnga. . Ji r.for Coed hfanagers: Ellen Clairk. Jane Kcim. The Purdue Independent
IvJ;ier>;n-Chjef Managing Editor Uu^rness Manager . <A»cd Edilor Aiherlis.ng Manager.. Accounts Manager. ... C'Irculalion Manager...
. ..Dive Darta Ed Humphrey .....Elwih Welbaum ...Roberta Kessler Scott Brown George Paine ..Harold Hendricks
, . Sfaff For This Issue kl : .Smilii Sports Editor: Soward.s :;.lit,ir: VV:lhur I.ssuc Editor: Richordson •.';:..iicrs: Miiroliy, Vermilion, Porter, Caylor, Keim,
*roiid
:lass matter at the post office in Lafay- • ikkK r the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, l*ecial rate of postage provided for in section October 3, 1017, authorized January 20, 1922. i'lj.sday. 'Ihursday, r'riday and Sunday mornings ar. il*‘ livercd locally by carrier for $1.76 for a M.nd for two bemeslcrs: by mail for $2.00 for a
*.'.(! for two somesteri-:.
1. r : mailed subscription $1,50. I fiir national advertising by National AdvertisIfir.. ('^oHrge Publishers Representatives, 420,
, ::i.w. York, N. Y.
'8 From Home
sj'ncc the start of the war, the campus has b'jcn ih.';' scene of many drives and campaigns which veere designed to help in our nation’s effort. Ailhough all these campaigns -were con-h.’ctpr] for. a very worthy purpose, there is {cictdrive w-iuch has received little or no atr. .cti(hi. We have bought bonds, subscribed bi ih;, thSO, collected scrap metal, and have Vaivcn pert ir) other programs, but we have failed to .send enough mail to our friends in the armed forces. ■ / A • ' ‘ Ne.xt to his food, a soldier likes his mail h). .'A. is a common phrase in army publicity a ; I yet we have neglected this second most irniiena.nt item in the soldier’s life, All reii: i.*^. from army camps and from our men (, v r.^-oa.s indicate that they would like to receive more mail from home. the war progresses, more and piore stuck rds, former students and alumni are going i ‘: be enrolled in the ranks of our rapidly.expafid.ing armies. It is almost unnecessary to : ay that these men miss the old caihpus ; .ee;!c.‘; and the friends that they used to know. J. . fore many more months have rolled around, ;k lea.^^t a part of the present studentbody will be; in tlie armed services and we are sure that v j vvould then appreciate a letter telling of ill ncw.s and happenings at our alma mater. A letter-writing campaign would be hard b. i organize on the campus because no comyb. Le li.‘:t of University men in the sendee is ’ available. However, organized eds and ( > :'r, well as the independents, know the .. .f and addresses of some of their former who arc now in the army. It would cv lainly be a small favor to ask these stu- (’ if.s to .give up a few minutes of their time a d write a letter to their friends in the serv1 liere would be no large sums of money in'. olved in the transaction as it would require only a sheet of paper, an envelope and a threec. alt .stamp. Th.e men in the army are miles aWay from )■ me and the friends that they used to know, i.a' 11'ey .still think of the gang back home, 'i 1: y are lighting our battles for us and any- ' if y that we can do for them will-only repay p -.rl of the great debt which we owe to them an i ;i;ek'comrades. alajiy clubs and organizations have adopted f ; : •viim-eby the members widte letters to : a in the armed services. Certainly this is work, but it could be expanded if every 1 i\_r;-:iiy .student took some time off and U'oppvjd a line to boys in the service whom il wy laiow.—d.e.b.
I <
Uyi
Jr;.
S^Aifice,
A .rw ;.ioy8$e
'effer
. ... intlrclt'd into the WAACs last -vvek, reported for 'yii-.iii:' at Koj't Des Moine.s, Iowa. Miss Peffer, r-ia iaej- ('t Mi s. Hany C. Peffer of this city, and the ■ ‘ itnMttsiicMv who was head of Chemical Engineer- ' ytii'' Ciiiversity, is a graduate of the University 11 i /;i w(l 'hei’ ma.s.tei-’s and doctor’s degrees at the • i; -il,. of California. One time member of the : .ta,'. i-i.tr .Joui'iuil and Couriei' news staff, she has p" i ii.'.'.agi d ill j-usearcli work for the University of pliloriiiafs history department.
Delbert G. Karr
... now wearing the Navy’s “Wings of Gold’’ with the rank of Ensign, will soon be on active duty with the fleet. Karr has successfully completed his advanced aircraft carrier flight training at the Miami Naval Air Station.
e
GRIN ANP BEAR IT
By Lkiitir
1m. .U OH
MERRY-40-ROUHD
By DREW PEARSON
Synthetic Rubber Program Lags Despite Warnings; JHiggins Out-Talks Roosevelt WASHINGTON—Shortly after gaunt, grey “Berny“ Baruch wrote his rubber report recommending gasoline rationing throughout the entire U. S.,A., he told Walter Teagle, chairman of Standard Oil of New
Jersey:
“Walter, if you don’t come through on this synthetic rubber, ybu might just as well go jump in the
river.’’.
What Baruch referred to was that he had rec'omincnded the freezing of the Jesse Jones’ program for synthetic rubber, by which the preponderance of all synthetie rubber contracts were awarded to the Standard of New Jersey group with its associated companies. ' This was the group which had cooperated with Germany’s 1. G. Earben and was charged by the Justice Department with holding rubber patents away from the ,American public. Baruch explained in his report, and has since elaborated to friends, that he had to freeze the Jones program because there was no time to make changes, even though many experts contended that the alcohol process was the quickest and best way of making synthetic rubber. \ ^ ^ However, what most people do not know is that the big rubber plants given to the Standard Oil group were only in, the blueprint stage when the Baruch report was written. Only one or two of them even had their foundations started. Fm'thermore, they require a treniendous amount of iron, steel and other strategic materials. Finally, there is grave doubt whether the plants can be finished on time. They are due to be completed July, 1943, seven months hence. But many experts believe they will riot be finished and actually in operation unJanUary, 1944. That is why Baruch warned Walter Teagle that if his plants weren’t finished on time he might as well jump,in the river. Some people now are speculating that this may have been wh'S Teagle and two vice-presidents of Standard, Edwlrd J. Sadler and D. L. Harper, resigned this week. Any way with the midwest now boiling mad over gas rationing, people are going to be a lot madder if synthetic rubber doesn’t come into production on time. • Out-Talking Roosevelt' It was President Roosevelt hiiriself who gave Andrew Jackson Higgins his contract to build 1,200 wood-en-plastic airplanes. The Army-Navy had little to do with it. When the President inspected Higgins’ landing-boat plant in New Orleans, he invited the veteran boat-builder to visit him in Washington. Later Higgiris called on the President. Most callers find that the President does most of the talking, and in this case, FDR Started the conversation by saying: “I want to talk to you.” - “That won’t do any good,” shot back Higgins, “I want to talk to you.” And he did—fo the tune of a 1,200 plane contract. White House aides say he is one of the fetv men who has out-talked the President. • Dive Bombing Vs. Tanker The story can now be told of how two Gdrman bombing planes, landed on the deck of an American tanker in the Mediterranean—and the tanker lived to tell the
tale.
It happened in a convoy to Malta, when British and American ships attempted to get reinforcements to the tiny island. One of these ships, an American tanker, was attacked by German bombers, an dthe action, according to official accounts, was “hot”. Suddenly, a JU-88 bomber struck the water beside the ship, bouriced, and by some break came to rest on the bow of the vessel. But the tanker ploughed on. Half an hour later, the First Officer called tfie Captain by the ship’s telephone and reported frantically that a Stuka dive bomber had landed on the rear deck of the ship. The Captain affected boredom. “That’s nothing,” he said, “Pvc had a bomber on the foredeck for half an hour.” Note: The ship reached Malta and delivered its precious cargo of aviation gasoline. • Capit-al Chaff How ardently people already arc thinking about peace after the war is indicated by Representative Randolph’s resolution asking Roosevelt to call an international constitutional convention to create a “New Internalional Order”. . . . Real author of Randolph’s legislation is West Virginia coal tycoon, R. M. Davis of Morgantown, who digs 75,000 tpns a month from one mine alone, distributes pamphlets on preserving peace in his spare time. . . . Manpower shortage is reflected in the White House lawn, \Vhich now has an unkempt appearancej with patches of brown grass, strewn IcapeS, and broken branches. . . . Rockefeller Office.Sent oiit an issue of “En Guardia” (On Guard) to Latin America, in which the trousers of female airplane mechanics were described as “pantalones femininps”. prifortunatcly in Spanish this means women’s panties. a Pay-As-You-Go Taxes It never leaked beyond the Senate Finance Committee, but Treasury experts had a talk with Beardsley Ruml, author of the “Pay-As-You-Go” Income Tax Plan and offered to adopt it if it applied only to lower and medium bracket incomes. However, the Treasury was adamant against applying the Ruml plan to high bracket incomes. The Ruml plan, devised by the chairman of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, is to forgive this year’s taxes and in 1943 begin all oyer again to collect 1943 taxes that same yeai'. Ruml points out that in March, 1943, the American taxpayer will begin paying his taxes for 1942, just one year behind. So he proposes to forget about 1942 taxes. Then begin fresh in 1943 and from that year on require all taxes to be paid the same year, not one year later. In other words, 1943 taxes would he paid each month, or quarter during 1943. y Mr. Ruml once was Dean of Social Science at Chicago University and now, in additiuu to heading the Federal Reserve Bank, is treasurer of Macy’s Department store. When U. S. Treasury experts proposed that his plan be accepted except for the high bracket incomes, Ruml replied: “Where’s that going to leave all my highsalaried executives at Macy’s?”
6:00 P.M. 8:30 P.M.
University Ca^^lendar Week of November 29-Peceihftber ^5
Sunday, Noyember 29 y . Reamer Club Banquet. Roqm 363, Uiiidri' ; tonvo—St. Louis Symphony............HaU of Music Moriday, November 30 - f Comm, on State of University..;.......Room 263, Upioh Reamer’s Meeting Room 304, Union PIA Dance Class. ..f.....'......,..;;,....North Ballroom, Union' Univ. Club—Foster Quartet and' A " ’ Dr. Pearson, Dramatic Reader........Hliza Fowler Hall '
Tuesday, December 1
State Dept, of Public Welfare:.........Room 263, Union Student Union Election. ..East Faculty Lge., Thomas Say Eqtomol. Soc- .Dinner . West Faculty Lge., Union Soph. Dinner Old Chestnut Hm., Alpha Phi Omega Meeting. Room 304, Union Union Board Dinner.., . .....Room 355, Union .Forestry Club Meeting Auditorium, Hort. County ir. E. Teachers...*.. ...Room 261, Union Christian Science ......Room 303, Union
Union Uiiion Unioh
Bldg:
‘■iion..;fcjpy I'epoifc snortag'e of tin cans create desperate food crisis in U. S.—-private investigation prove only utensil in most kitchens is can opener.”
Wednesday, December 2
-East Faculty Lge., Unfiori
..Armory
.. West Faculty Lge;, Unioh
..Room 365, Union
..Old Chestnut Rm., Union
Room 307, Union
Rooms 8(12-304, Union ; Auditorium, Hort. Bldg.
Student Union Election., POMM Closed Meeting.....,— Horticulture Banquet Lutheran Church Soc. Dinner Union Board Dinnei’... ... Varsity. Chris. Fellowship Meeting. Marriage Course Hort. Club Meeting.,-..;....—.,.
Thursday, December 3
Problems For Fun To facilitate their consideration, solutions should be submitted on separate signed sheets, within one week after the posting of t?he problem. Include with each solution a signed statement that the solution was obtained unassisted. Solutions are to be handed in at the Mathematics Office.
PROBLEM 12: Two men are 16 riiiles apart and start walking towards each other, one man walking at the rate of 5 miles per hour, and the other at the rate of 3 miles per hour. If a bee flying at the rate of 15 miles per hour starts from the slower walker and flies back and forth between the two men, how far has the bee flown when the men meet?
Remarks On Problem 11: Since a circle is symmetric with respect to its center, then if A places the first penny here he is assured of winning, pi ovidcd he places each of his pennies, after the first, at points symmetric, with respect to the center, to. those placed by B. Hence if there is a place for B to play then by symmetry there is always a place for A’s. ,, *★★★'*-**★*****★★★******★■*• I fllan Mills Studio I 4c ' • ' ^ (Distinclive Portraiture) ^ 205 Easl Slate * j Phone 341,3 -k ifk-k'k-kit'kir'kic-k-iririritick'k-k-k'ir'k-k'k
The Ratio 4.95...tol AND MORE BUST-UPS Pi Phi Marge Miller and ATO Dick Tesch have finally called it quits after 14 months of being one of the soHdest twosomes on campus. Dick is leaving for the navy in a few weeks to add insult to injury. NICE WORK Theta Betty Ann McCreery really keeps things under control in a big way. While fiancee Frenchy Leinweber was in town last week, she furnished transportation .. . . with her campus Phi Gam's car. Must have taken plenty of fancy manag'in.g. TURN ABOUT Something new ■ in the way of pinnings happened the other day when Beta Bill Musselman showed up wearing the key of Kappa Ann Moore. The ,Betas are, howling for a pin serenade, and Ann still swears that he lost it. How about that stuff??
3:00 P.M. 7:00 P.M. 7:00 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M.
4:00 P.M. 8:30 P.M. 8:30 P.M.\ 8:30 P.M.
2:00 P.M. G:00 P.M. 7:00 P.M,
Screen Review .; .....Hall of Music “How to Study” Group Room 363, Union. Camera Club ...Room 3C)4, Union Sigma Xi Open Meeting....: ;.Rm. 211, Stan. Coiil. Hall Pi Tau Sigma Informal Initiation ...Room 108, ME Bldg.
Friday, December 4
Aquacade Cosmopolitan Club , SCA Dance Women’s Pan-Hcllenic Formal... WRH Winter Foimal...—
...Fieldhousc — Room 304, Union ..:South Ballroom, Union, ...hlorth Ballroom, Union „.WRH ,
Satisriday, December 5 Aquacade Fieldhouse .A. Inter-Varsity Chris. Fellowship......East Faculty Lge., Union; Dairy Department Dinner ..E.-fflccept. Room, U'hlon Inter-Varsity Chris. Fellowship......East Faculty Lge.,-iU.nlon
8:00 PIA Ward Party. 8:30 P.M. Mi.xer
.Room 363, Union .South Ballroom, Union
_ today - MONDAY — r HOW Mmmm Wm M¥
LUMA —today - tomorow-
Claire
wilh TREVOR
A 20th CliNTUUY-FOX PICTURE — AND —
Starring HUGH HERBERT —-ALSO — Donald Duck Carfoon
S ^ Basil Margaret
RATHBONE • WYCHERLV/te A mciumT"
PLUS —SECOND HIT
Heflin
NOW SHOWING DOUBLE FEATURE
S don'r care what women as long as men think of me!
SJuzL a pod ^ oSjortMl/
Directed by CURTIS BERNHARDT with RICHARD WHORF GEORGE TOBIAS • GENE LOCKHART • ALAN HALE • BETTY BREWER
PLUS
The Serene's Greatest Thrill Adventure! DRUMS ALONG THE MOHAWK IN GLORIOUS TECHNICOLOR with CLAUDETTE COLBERT — HENRY FONDA■Sunday; November 29,
Botlermaker
Riveter Netters Drill For Wabash Game ^Coach Ward Lambert, starting his second quarter-century a^i Purdue basketball mento:^ has launched preparations for hh ahibitioua schedule with one of the greenest squads from the standpoint of competitive experience that has ever stepped on the Boilermaker hardwood. Lambert, the dean of Big Ten mentors in both years of serv- , ice and accomplishments, retains but one regular and three ihajor letternien from last -—— - — year^^ squad. Allen Menke, elect Bob Eiley, who has enlisted as who stepped into the pivot po- a naval aviation cadet, is the lone Sition as a sophomore last sea- boldever regular on the current son and will carry the full cap- XT rr , i . V j . ,, Piggy Non-Committal ^incy burden during the com- The other two major lettermen mg campaign due to<the-with- available for play include Howard drawal from school of Co-captain (See BASKETBALL, page 4)
You’ll get extra months of wear from your clothes— and they’ll look more nearly new——if you send them regularly to American’s for Sanitone dry cleaning. Sanitoning eases out soil, grit, and perspiration— the enemies of fabric—and revives colors and textures to a degree impossible with ordinary cleaning.
1
at the PURDUE UNION COFFEE SHOP The "'V” for Victory stands for ”Vim, Vigor and Vitality” — also — Where GOOD FOOD is served, we find the four ”V’s”
Come, to the:
If the past fpotball season has hhd anyone outstanding characteristic, it has bpert: its consistent ihconsistency. Yesterday’s games fcahried the tradition ri^t up to the bitter etldh ^ • i ; V 5' The University of Georgia wound up and let fly at Georgia TO^i^rt the Rose Bow! bid special, downing the hitherto undefeated “Yellow , Jackets” by the comfortable margin of 34-0, The yictoiry for the; Bull Bogs, on the rebound from a mixup with Aubnrn, places them'/ in the Capacity of outstanding team east of the Rockieh ,and outsMe/ ^ of the Western Conference, since also hitherto undefeated Bostoii^A College went down with all hands .before the bewildering phslaUghU? ': of Holy Cross. . , 'S'. But we heard the Buckeyes of Ohio State out-drive, out-run,,'out-sm;art, and incidentally, out-score, the high-Powered Iowa Seahawk's vhyffh^ astounding score of 41-12, and as far as we are concerned, Paul Browh’s Buckeye eleven is the No. 1 team in the nation by a twp-tOvigh^pjyn
margin.';', / ■
With Sarringhaus, Fekete, Lynn and Horvath on the ShnSthe Bucks have about the four speediest pile drivers'in tha'-ieouhjbry ort their side . , . and at the same time they’ve got more speed on the' ' bench than most of the nation’s squads sport oh the gridirbn. 'k ■Using an ex-Minriesota line and two former Ohio State halfbaoksf Lahghurst and Fisher, supplemented by a couple of fellow caiisyTEvasheyski and Jankowski, the Seahawks weighed anch^p just after the Buckeyes’ first march to a touchdown, delayed slighff^^^Mle' Les Horvath intercepted a pass, marching down the field and passing for the score, but the Sailors never got out of the harbor. Whph 'Cihio runners slipped to the point where they were only making eight or'ten
yards per dash, they threw passes for healthy gains. .
We rather doubt if Ohio State could have beaten the Chicago Bears yesterday. As for any other team . .; ^ The Notre Dame-Great Lakes Naval game next week andHke round of Rose, Sugar, Sun, Cotton, etc.. Bowls are about' all that’s left of the 1942 season. It‘s seen some of the best college football of all tiine, and we’re sorry to see it go. ' ' > ■ -■
rani/ Program For Annual Aquacade Offered; ^n; Women, Dogs Swim
u • 'f' ■.Tv; ■» • A.....
Scene photographed during last year's Aquacade.
Hofice All students interested in boxing, experienced or not, should report to the boxing arena on the second floor of the Fieldhouse at 4:30 p. iti., December 2, for the first meeting of the Boilermaker pugilists. Jim Beers, Instructor
Everything for a College Education DEAG’S ■
IM Schedules " basketball i Monday Evening, Nov. 30 Court 1.—Benz: •; 7:00 Wai'd 3 vs. HE. ■ ■ 7:16 Ward lOB vs. 30. 8:10 Ward liD vs. 27. 8:25 Ward IIB vs. 29; Court 2—Emerson: ' 7:00 Ward 21 vs. 22. 7:15 Ward 6A vs. 25. 8:10 Ward 5 vs. 24. , ' 8:25 Ward 6C vs. 28. Court 3—-Dave Long: _ 7:00' Ward llA vs. 23. ' 7:15 G. H. 3 vs. C. H. 6. Playoff.
Glancing At Yesterday's Grid Results Around The Nation Rummaging' through reports of the major conflicts on the American gridiron yesterday the reign of jinxes seenied to pre- > vail till the last whistle in the waning moments of this season.. U. S. Naval Academy pulled the unpredicted with a 14-0 upset over the Army favorites in the annual Army-Navy game at Annapolis, Maryland. Two — ^^^ :
freshmen accounted for the
brace of touchdowns. , ^POrlS OJIOFIS A highly regarded Boston When the Iowa eleven held the College eleven, with a perfect University of Wisconsin gridders , 1 ,1 . 1 r. i j scoreless in achieving a 6-:0 victory season, took to their home field; the Badgers out of first against a definite underdog Holy Western Conference, Ci'oss squad; 42,000 fan.s then wit- ft marked the first time in 26 games nessed the highly vaunted Eastern- • v/hich the Cardinal clad warriors ers take a 55-12 drubbing at the ^een held without
a touchdown.
The last contest before that in which Coach Harry Stuhldreher’s men did not cross into paydirt at
hands of the Westerners.
In what was probably the semifinals for the Rose BowJ contest, be-
tween Georgia and the Ramblin least, once was in November, 1939,
Wrecks from Georgia Tech, and one ^^hen Illinois blanked them. game in the country where there j
■was no great amount of odds for pitiier party, the previously .nndc-
leatcd reclmicians took it on the football team.
TEAR UP THAT CHRISTMAS LIST Let us solve the whole problem for you with photographs, so easy, so economical—^and yet so distinctive. . . : SCOBEE’S , . phone 2343 105 NORTHWESTERN AYE.
chin to the tune of 34-0.
Gust Zarnas, star lineman on the Great Lakes Naval Training Sta-
has always his football
played guard during
In the last game this season be- career, but he is an excellent fortween two Big Nine teams, Iowa passer. Zarnas, who occasionand Michigan squared oc to decide gjjy gives an exhibition of heaving who should have third place in the lengthy passes, says his greatest Conference standings. At the final tjn-jn in football occurred when he gun, Michigan slipped into this cov- played fpr Ohio State and cometed. third placq by way of a 28-14 pitted a 60 yard pass against Invictory over the Hawkeyes. diana. Zarnas’longest toss while on
..the station practice field approxi-
Big Nine Standings »>ated 8o yards.
W. L.
traits «*
po»
Tw n IB la ysi—.V.^ V ^'u ple.se .««r : nobeUPe)*'"'’,* ,obe «<> “'.““’''a. host ot tsehe'I over P.«e'« ‘“t colorings.4 ■ : V * by. . - jBroib©*’!
Ohio Stale
5
1
tViscolisin .1
....... 4
1
Michigan ;...
....... 4
2
Illinois
....... 3
2
Iowa
3
3
Indiana
2
2
Minnesota
3
3
Purdue i.
'4
Northwestern
0
6
Pet. "Robert” appears to be the fa.833 vorite first nam^ of members of the .800 1942-43 University of Wisconsin .667 basketball squad. Five member, a .600 fourth of the squad, have that .first .600 name and answer to the nickname .500 of “Bob.” They are Bob Sullivan and .500 Bob Cook, forwards; and Bob .200 Clarke, Bob Farrell, and Bob Krueg.000 er, guards.
By Clint . ^ Friday evenii^r, Be^ntb^ 4,^ # eight, the sixth annual under the direction of aWjn&injbtfg coach Dick Papenguth gets underway in the blue water of the Boilermaker Fieldhouse pool. Then again on the following evening -ttee aquatics hold sWay in the' pool in a repeat performance of the aquacade. From the raising of the flag oil the first evening till the final note of the University glee club fades away in the finale, this s^ctack promises to be the most entertaining, hilarious festivity housed, % the Fieldhouse since Coach Papettguth released his talents in the fifth annual aquacade last year. - Following is a copy of the pfbgram for the event: Opening. University Gl^ Gliflj; Triton Floating Ballet--fAccoiii-panied by Glee Club Dog Performance—r Labrador ^Retriever vs. Live Mallard Duck Roller Skating race oin bbttOni oil the pobl Glee Club Specialty Roy Heidke in try for world 50 yard breaststroke record Swimando performance—3?-Siialo swimmers ' f f Return of two of the original 'ftiriee Little Fishes — AccompaniOd bjr Glee Club Diving performance Triton Airplane Ballet Glee Club Specialty •. Patty Aspinal, women's national breaststroke champion ' .. Triton Waltz Ballet—Glee Club ' Wagon Race along bottom Of p^l Medley Relay Race — Frosh ,ya. Varsity Glee Club Duet-Ballet—Accompanied by Glee Club Finale—Glee Club To make .a few' of the items, oir’ the program r. Jitcie more ■ clear, .perhaps a short levi-rw' of otfe or two of them might be in order, .. The dog act put on by per, Labrador Retriever owned and operatedby Dr. H. N. Swezey of Lafhyette' will consist of a chase after a live mallard duck loose in the pool. The retriever will capture and return the fowl to his owner completely unharmed, with no assistance from the duck. Patty Aspinall, 13 year old holder of pracrically every breastetrokerecord pos'.-ilde for a woman to earn. vVi!! I’en'.oii.strats in novelty form the brea-nstreke styles ircni. way back y.’hen to the, present; and one act that v.-ili occur at various unpredictable times during the evening, and in most any form will be the bits of comedy tossed in by a crew of divers and swi.TrmeT ( i).\
]Nobelt Pajama aa<l Robe Sets
WlsmtfimL lAnJum.
m
Baltimore Clothes Shot
414 MAIN STREET
PHONE 2873
ihe mosi: gi¥e-able** of gifts
COIOGNES^
i>>
Thrill her with this most personal, most thoughtful of gifts. Her own golden, gleaming initials fitted firmly onto one of the brightest bits of boudoir beauty ever. And within, your choice of four famous fragrances—White Hyacinth, Gardenia, Flowers of Devonshire, Bewitching. Truly a gift she will never, never forget! So utterly charming, you'll surely want one for yourself as well. Two-initial size, 1.75. Three-initial size, 3.00. Plus 10% federal tax. Refills available, DOWNSTAIRS GIFT SHOP
If You Want Good Work On Your Garments / ■ ,SEE |OrS TA5LOR SHOP STATE & CHAUNCEY
Noiv on
Victor Records
Vladimir Golschm'ann and the ■ , , ST. LOUIS TMPHOHY ORCHESTRA'
Never have we had iii stock such a complete selection of Victor Records
in
Classical Numbers
HfUIEECCK&StlPPlYSlCH 308-10 ITATE ITRilti / WEST LAFAYETTE INL
Record Department ON THE BALCONY
FOSTER SHOP Ea5t Side
eij
- -Ptirdue Exponent
j > ^ ^ ^ H i « « 4 ^ Op^. . Sunday^ NoMtnh^t 2^^ J^42 . rM ■^^ '■
1^ cjLooLlh^ ^y4miA,n(l By Jack Abbett and Jun Richardson One of the eventual social and economic problems resulting from the war flared up recently m the plant of the Foi d Motoi Company of Canada and directly affected 13,500 workeis The dispute has to do with the issue of equal pay foi women in the same jobs formerly held by men So fai, the company has agreed to adopt an equal-pay for-equal-work principle and to j^^yy Cfj3riQGS ^"1 place 36 women on the same 7 v f seniority lists as male workers. ^_7 \/^QjQht RuUnOS Women in industry are in- “ “ creasing rapidly, some definite A dispatch has lust been icceived stand should be taken soon bv the by the Piesideiit’s office fiom the government oi emploveis in legaid Buieau of Naval Peisonnel modify to ■women’s mdustiial status both maximum and minimum now and aftei the s\ai weipht lequuements foi classes V 1
Personnel Notes APA To Sponsor Color
Movie Tomorrow At 4
Companies to visit campus Cummins Engine Co, Columbus, Ind —Novombci 30 Interested in Dcccmbei and Apiil ME Sign in Peisonnel Office by Satuiday noon, Noycnibei 28 Ingeisoll-Raiul to N Y—Decembei 7 and 8 Intel ested in Dcceniboi and Apiil enginceis ‘ Aeronca Airciaft Corporatioh, Middletown, Ohio—Decenibei 2 In tciested in Dcccmbci and Apiil ME, AE, CE Sign in Peisonnel Office
at once
notices
During the week aftei the Ameii can invasion of French North Africa the Associated Pi ess stated that the French fleet had decided to flee to the side of the British and Amei i cans The onlv thing viong with the report was that it was ]ust about three weeks too eaih and even the AP -will admit that that is a little too far ahead for a scoop Let s hope that the AP IS able to keep up -with
their present record of never inisie Phi Beta Phi
porting a story even if it is a few
•weeks awa'\
and V 7 of the Naval Reseive Students who have been rejected foi admission to V 1 oi V 7 on ac count of the weight legulations in effect at the time of then physical examination are asked to confei w ith Di Millei of the Student Health Seivice who will advise them whethei oi not then cases
can be leconsideied
Things have been giaduallv com ing to a head in the relations he tween Wendell Willkie and Piesi dent Roose\elt and it is believed that eithei Roosevelt is going to have to take some of Willkie’s ad vice 01 that Willkie is going to have to change the diiection of his out bursts against the Piesident’s han dling of the w ai As > et the matter IS faiilj balanced and tew people are willing to put odds on eiLhei side
social soioiity announces the election of the following officeis piesident Vnginia Vestle, vicepiesiclent Jean Fiankenbcily, le couhng secietaiy Janeth Dixon, eoiiesponding secietaiy Pat Sten buig assistant tleasurei Shule^ Ciawtoid, censois Viiginia Reyn olds and Jean Baiiett sponsor Pe,., Bohei senibi lepiesentative Cado Wood, junioi icpicsentatne Marge Libbeit sophomoie i epiesentative Kate Biuek mcmbei at laigo Beitie Cole
■ ■\
Umvei sal Moulded Products Corp Bnstol Aircraft Div , Bristol, Va — Interested m December and April Science and Engineering Sign in Personnel Office by Saturday, De cembei 6 Lear As la, Ind , Piqua, Ohio—In ’elested m December and April ME, ^E, CE, EE If interested, sign in the Personnel Office by Wednesday, December 9 Koppeis Companj, Baltimore, Maryland—Interested in Decembei and Apiil AeioE Sign in Peisonnel Office Consolidated Aircraft Coipoiation, Fort Worth, Texas—Intel ested in Decembei and April CE, ME, AE Sign in Peisonnel Office by Wednesday Decembei 2 Dodge-Chieago Plant, Division of Chryslei Corporation, Chicago 111 —Inteiested in engineeis Sign in Peisonnel Office by Wednesday, De cembei 2 Speirj Piocluets Inc Hobokef! New Jerscs—Interested in EE ME with lailioad option Sign in Pei sonnel Offict bv Satuidav Decern be! 5 The Rex Co Builington low i— Liteiesled in chemists bacLeiiolo gi^ts Sun in Peisonnel Office by Sal 111 d IV Decembei j Mar Dept The Lngineei Board
An houi movie in color and sound foi the public will be presented tomoitow at 4 o’clock in loom 311 of the Pharmacy building by the stu dent blanch of the AineiiGan Pharmaceutical Association This will be the louith in a senes ol movies and is entitled “Vitamins and Some Deficiency Diseases ” The film, presented by the Ledeile Labor atones, includes pictures taken at the University of California’s College of Agriculture as well as some scenes filmed at the Vitamin Reseaich Division of the company involv cd Varsity To Play Freshman Basketball Squad Dec. 8 Students Will have an opportunity to see this year’s vaisity basketball game in preview action for the first time this semestei in a game with the fieshman squad The game will be plavod in the Pieldhouse on De cember 8 and will be sponsoied by the Reamti Club As an added attiaction, the Reamers will play against the Gimlets in the time between halves of the game
Foi Belvoii Virginia—Inteiebted iii Apiil and December Science oi En ginceimg graduates Sign in Pei sonnel Office by Satin day. Decern
her 5
Radiation I aboratoi > M I '1 Cainbi idge Massachusetts —• Inter ested in Physicists and EE Sign in Peisonnel Office by Satmdiy Ue cembei 5
Navy V-7 ouniors and seniors who are auaembUnw pap«rs aupportang tholr requosi foi enlistment in V 7 who are nndei 21 ycarb of age must submit three copies of papents consent propel ly notan7od Copies of this fbrm (Navy 400) may be obtpijied at my oflcice —KNAPP Unlisted and Commissioned Keserves* All students who hold reserve commissions oi arc members of the enlisted icscivc in the Navy Coast Guard and Marine Corps are icoutbUd to call at my olTico in the fexccu tivc Building at thcii convenient befon November Zb to supply infoimation needed to complete leeoids Ihose inducted into V 1 and V 7 by special boards on November
12 13 and 17 18 need not repoit
—W A KNAPP
All Sludents There are fitiH some Univeisity Directories loft As long is the sup ply lasts any student who has not already obtained a copy may get one by calling at the Registrar b office and presenting hia passpoit —RALPH B STONE Registrar Camera Club Important meeting Thurs day Dec 8 Election of officer-, Room 301 ixt 7 30 p m —TRUEBLOOD Camera Club Exhibit All persona who entered prints it\ the fall exhibit may ic cdve same by calling for them at i^he West Desk of the Union Prize winners will be notified by letter —TRUEBLOOD NFAO Sophomores Petitions for junior jobs due not later than December 1
„VVILCOX
Alpha Phi Omega Anothei intort*-!!!!^ meeting on Tuesday December 1 in loom ^04 of the Union at 7 30 Gordon Ifredine will speak and show colored films on Mm nofaotn Business meeting afterwards
—GOSSWEIN
AH Students Student tutors are now ivailnble foi many subjects Rates an (0 ents pel hour Apply at Senate Offict Un ion fiom 4 to *) 30 p m —'BREWER All Maid Students If you desiie to enlist n the Alm^ Enlisted Reseive Corps jmi must place vour application now ind follow it up at once No student now in school may be enlisted nftei Dec 31 processing of np plicints requires approximately two wteU to complete necessary physical examinations uul allied papeis Limited cleiical help vill make it impossible to enlist applitints who wait until the last minute to apply Ml i plications ^should be made in Rocm Bl
Basement of Purdue Armoiy
—GRAHAM
Student usher and police for foctbiM i, mes get then money \t tiekot ofYic in rieldhousc aftei 1 p m Wednesday
—SANDERS
ERC Applicants All stiulei ts wh hu\L ipi lied for enlistment in the ERO and hive net Mt Ik on enlisLd Kporl to Room B4 in the i-^enunt f th Aimory before nioh S«t rliy to mike irruwements for definite lute of etilistmint GRAHAM
Sthdent War Council Veii' important meeting Monday Nov 30 at 8 p m m Urtion dffice -DEUSIDR rratcrnity Presidents Theie will bp a dmnhr meeting at the Beta house Thursd ly Dec 3 at 1) p m Elections will be held
—RIDER
Exponent' Staff All members of all stnffR of the Exponent aie invited t) the inniial si UF banquet at f 15 p m tomorrow If you plan to attend call St in Wolf at the Expo nent olfici be foie noon today The Exponent will pay expenses WOLI Alpha Phi Omega Meiting on luesdav Dee 1 in loom 304 of the Union at 7 30 p m Actives mfty inVile dny gueala they wish G< rdon 1 rodlhe will show films m Piopagaticn of Northern Pike In Minru sola \nd Game Buds to supplement talk Short business meeting afteiwauh Be on time ---GOSSWEIN Library Hours 18pm Sunday Nov 2 ) instead of 2 0 p m because of the oonvoca lion -HEPBURN Students Wishing to worl for the Rci-is tru durnu the Wmlei lorm rei. istration Jnnuaiv 4 and 5 aie uquested to make uppUeation at the Registrars office Ihose with pitvious experience at legistration or in other clerical jobs arc given preterenCe
—STONE
Debris Sophomores Impoitant meeting of woikcra 0 \ ill stags in woikship Friday at 4 15 p m —BALL Debris Picnic A!! Debris people meet for a picnic in workshop Sntuiday at 3 p m If you can get i eui call me 5071 —SCHACHTL Chi Epsilon Initiation will bo held at 5 p m Tuesday Dec 1 in loom 261 of the Union Attendance by all actives is rc qmred JONES Reamers Formal initiation banquet Sun day Novomboi 29 at 6 p m in the West 1 acuity Leuinj,e with Rod Maekty as speaker Pledges will be initiated at T p m
KNOTL
PIA Workers There will be a meeting foi th following, woileis Monday it 4 30 p ni in the olTice Dohrmann Ditsslin holmanial Penile Mittman bencay Bates 1 (I Hes GUSTAFSON POMM Impoitint meetinj. Weilnesday December 2 at 1 p m in Ih Arme ry A tUk will be gneii en lavict ind euidine t ioune eflcer All mcmbois will lead ver puijiaph 1 pait ^ ef the iviilitaiv Depiitment handbo k covtnnu group i\ ucls Th eider \ ill be piepareel > i 1st in mikin iwiids it the Tile da\ ml Thuiselay C i ps Da^J^ Decembei 1 ml 2 1 p etivcly JACKSON
Basketball
Southworih
(Continued fioiii page 3) Hoffman icseivc forward from last season who is the lone senioi on the squad and Eloj d ‘ Rud-i Law son iiinioi who has been shifted irom foiwaid to guaid Lambeit whose Boilei linker teams have won or shared the Big Ten title nine times in the pa t 21 veais IS fianldv non coniinittal ovei the prospecus for the coming season Howcvci it appears iioin eailj drills that while the squad may lack characteristic all around Purdue speed it will be langiei than quintets of leeent 'veais and consequently considerably stronger in rebound control One Lone Senior The ‘ greenness oi the squad from which Lambert is tashioning the 1942 43 quintet is emphasized by an analysis of th“ current vai sity roster, which contains but one senior, five juniors and a delegation of nine sophomoies which will be leinfoiced by the addition of Max Biggs foiwaid from Lafayette, and Ralph Biowei forward from Fort Wayne at the end ot the fall term when thej complete then freshman year and become eligible foi competition Although the eventual makeup of the varsity quintet is still far from detei mined, one of the likeliest look ing combinations aveiages neaily 0 feet 3 inches, in height The sky seiapei fivesome has been composed of Jack Kennedy 6 It 2 in , soph omoie fiom Lorain Ohio and Hoft man I ft 1 in atloiwaids Mcnke 0 tt, 4 in who accounted foi 116 points in eonleienee competition as a sophomoie last season at eentei and a pan ol 6 loot 1 inch peiloim CIS at „uaid—Ed Ehleis promising sophomoie liom South Bend uid Flojd ‘ Rudj Lawson ma]oi let ter man who seem-> to have taken kmdlj to the shift liom loiwaid b Foot 4 Bv b h oot 4 Menke s main supjioi t at centei IS expected to be jiiovided b> Jack Swantz, niinoi letter man liom South Bend and Don ild Me\et sophomoie liom Mtst laiavetle both ol whom slieteh out to slight Ij moie than 6 leet 4 inches Faul I 1 lend iiiinoi letteiman junior liom West Laiavette and Edwin Jones sopliomoie fioin Jas pel small but fa-t eomjilete the guaid lostei while theie is a wide open fight among six inst >eai men foi the lemaindei of the loiwaid assignme its Forw ardb The foiwaid giou)) in addition to Iloftman and Kennedv includes Mjiwin Andeison slight jiinioi f 10111 h;dwaidspoit making i hid foi vaisitv leeogiiition foi the fust time and five sophomoi es—Boh Mveis Jeflei onv ilk Roheit Moi lib Lebanon Bill Keieheval N(W Albanv, Geiald Witsinan I lank foil and Roheit Biddh Biookslon lambcits newest haidwood ei e atien which mat lake soiiu tmn to find Itself will ojk ii tin s( i on againbl W'abasli heic on Jhuisday night Dei 10 and then rouiney to Chicago to mi et DiPau! on Sat uidav night, Dee 12 in (he fust of fhiei appeal incts ihi la on in tlie ( liicago St idiLiin
IT'S HERE!
That helter-skelter
to buy—or where.
to worry this year because— IT’S HERE! in, ihe, (JMIaqsL! Yes, it’s one of the most complete GIFT SHOPS in the State of Indiana! + If you haven’t seen it—you should! M If you have seen it—visit agdin— now—and shop early! Remember— The GIFT SHOP Downstairs at
PURDUE BOCK&tUPflY SHORE
308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE IND.
ScrivcncM Meeting lonitfht Ac t P m bcfori convo in loobi tjf yie yjiion Pleust oomo and brtrtg-nlnntiSeWljitS! V —,, 1% , n Lin KapRtt Nu Blbds!? 'BbbMAy, December 1 at 7 8b d m JOB of the Union Actives are cXpCctod to attend —MOORE /oiinvcs Pough initiation will faa held rriday Decembei 4 at 7
' i
Classified , Ads , Money to loan on dlainonda. watdb^^^l ffuna, luggage^ typewriters Alberts Ai*o$n Office* 407 Columbia Typewriters—Adttiofe jnacfifnei^^ nil makes sold rented repaired and purbhased Mimeograph work done C J Ebereboff, 606 Main, Lafayette Phone 2770 Lost—Rhinestone brdcelct at Military Ball Call 8413 room 280 Boys Wanted The world needs manpoWci Arc YOU wasting piccious hours If so let us pay you for them A'pply PurdUo Union Cafet ria For Sale—Size 40 midnight blue tux nil accesBoneb Call 4675S afte;r 6pm For Sale—Rtynl desk typewriter in good condition Very nensondble Phone 4X668 Lost'—'Alpha Xi Delta pm Phoile Dorotiiy Nicol 4063 Reward For Sale—Atom Ohlson Phantotn model uiiphnL engines Call 3301 Nuasmeior Wanted—Students to work part time Ap 1 ly Union Onfetcria Lost on November 24—Key chain with ix keys between Union and. Civil Bldg Coll 36"'01 Reward
ENRICHED SREAD ' FOR BETTER NUtRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
1 ■’I
NP/ f
O’’ you won’t he 'satiblieth and neither wiU we—. I) Iiiblde oul ib not the right way lor your umbrella—but iiibijlr out ib the right way to iiibpect the llioroughness ol our cleaning. lib got to he right.!
Northwestern and Vine Sts.
Phone 4081
As adyerased in this weeX s
Goliiers
esf
Buxton’s patented sliichless construction proves so durable this billfold is guaranteed to last until the leather itself wears out!
eeiam
"’J-Way" in $^^50
For Confidential Matten—Here’s a third billfold • The inner fold reversed and locked m becomes a secret pocket providing a swell hideout for large bills
For Genera! Use—Here's organization that will save you from fumbling for papers, money, cards, credentials '
c®
For Added Se«urlly~ThA "3-Way" contains • second fold Use it to carry moniijiy or credential pdpar, in Iwa places when you travel. Can be separately checked at hotel— or used for evening wear.
DECKER’S
’A
^ Ii
Southworth’s
518-20 MAIN STREET
PHONE 5036