Playshop Director Deam Announces “t!:. Casting For Three Men On A Horse Classes Tomorrow
metallurgical engineering building. Enrollment in the class is limited to 40 and there are no fees or tuition charges it was announced by Prof. C. W. Beese, head of the general engineering department. The cost of the instruction and supplies for the course is met by the
federal government.
Pre-requisite for the course is two years of college chemistry including one year of organic chem-
istry.
Austin In Charge
Metz, Nord, Nihan Explosives Chemistry star in Production
William L. Deam, directed
r iCPaluS CnrOlICCS of Playshop’s initial p^oducI tion of the season has an-
For Munitions Work Three Men on a Horse have
Registration for the course been completed and the, cast “Chemistry of Powder and Explos- picked. ives” which is part of the engineer- following are the actors and ing defense training' program will actresses who, along with Deam, begin torhorrow morning at 9 o’clock j^old the fate of the play in their in room 110 of the chemical and hands:
Audrey Trowbridge, Barbara Nord; Erwin Trowbridge, Haskell Metz; Clarence Dobbins, Oakley Gordon; Delivery Boy, Frank Crall; Tailor, Charles Greenhill; Harry, George Zissis; Charlie, William Miller; Frankie, Richard Kohls; Patsy, Caroline Wood; Moses, Unnamed; Gloria, Sarah Jane Murfey; Al, Arthur Barab; Hotel Maid, Lynn Weber; Mr. Carver, Alvin
Mordah.
One of last year’s Playshop members returns this year to take
George T. Austin of the school of the leading role as Erwin in this
chemical and metallurgical engineering is in charge of the course. He will be assisted by Herschell Hunt of the chemistry department
of the University.
This is the third time this course has bden given here and practically all the men who attended the previous two, are now employed either in munitions plants or by the Army
ordinance department.
The course which will last six weeks here will also be given as a part time course in Indianapolis. It is scheduled for 12 weeks there. University To Offer Extension Courses For Frosh Students Extension courses, which are designed for students unable to attend school away fiom homo, attracted an enrollment of 143 during the past year. Many of those who completed the course will enter the University this fall as sophomoics. Engineering students may receive the equivalent of their freshman year through the extension courses and be graduated after three years residence on the cairrpus. Students in other schools may receive credit for courses taken as they apply to the curricula of their
respective schools.
In Five Cities
High school graduates living in or near Fort Wayne, Indianapolis, East Chicago, Hammond, or South Bend who aie interested in courses of study offered at the University may obtain the equivalent of approximately one year’s credit toward their degrees through extension classes offered in the .five cities, it rVas announced by Prof. W. A.
Room 101 of Michael Golden shops, will be open tomorrow nighi at 7 o’clock for registration in evening courses in engineering, it was announced yesterday by Von Roy Dougherty, who is district representative of the University’s defense
training program.
I'o meet the challenge offered by the great increase in the industrial accident death rate which has occurred this year, a special course in industrial safety has been included in the schedule of the defense
classes.
The course is designed to be particularly beneficial to the small
manufacturer who is not able fin- A reception was given by Profesancially to hire a plant safety di- sor C. 0. Lee of the School of Pharrector. macy y,esterday afternoon from 3 Other Classes Offered to 6 o’clock in honor of Dr. and Other evening classes which will Mrs. Glenn L. Jenkins, the new
Mary Pidgeon, president of WAA, offered if enough men enroll in dean of the School of Pharmacy
WAA Will Sponsor Tea For Freshman
)
Co-eds Tomorrow Pidgeon To PresentHeads df Act-ivitieSs Women’s Athletic Association is sponsoring a tea tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock in the Memorial Gymnasium for all woipen and especially the freshmen so that they may become acquainted with the ac-
tivities of WAA.
C. 0. Lee Entertains At Lawn Reception For Dean Jenkins New Pharmacy Head Honored By Faculty
University Consist Of
Quality Of Players Better Than In Tryouts Of Previous Years
Orchestra 56 Pieces
Members, and officers of the University Orchestra for the coming year were announced last night by Joseph M. Ragains, conductor of the orchestra. The University Orchestra, which will consist of about 56 pieces, will play symphonies, overtures and semi-popular selections, as in the past, at various University functions.
popular comedy. Haskell Metz is his name, apd in the past year he has made two apperances here as well as playing the lead in the summer school production “Our
Town.”
Barbaia Nord, a transfer student from somewhere in Minnesota, will play the part of Erwin’s cute
and retiring xvife.
A young/ ^shman dramatist, Ray Nihan, will portray the part of the leading gangster in “Three Men on a Horse”—Bronx accent and all. During tryouts, according to Deam, Ray proved himself exceptionally versatile, with plenty of
acting ability.
Caiolinc Wood, who will depict the part of Mabel, is now active in three phases of the dramatic arts. She has sung as a soloist with the concert choir and has a program of
will introduce the girls in charge of the sports. The spoit calendar for the year will be explained. Demonstrations Planned Barbara Ford and Jean Stiegerwald are planning a novelty tap dance in the form of a boxing match. Shirley Johnson and Monica Buergler will give an archery demonstration and Shirley Emhoff and Pat McFarland will give a fencing demonstration. Opal Blagrave and Evelyn Schober are in charge of the program. The call outs for the fall sports will be announced. The archery, (Continued-on page 4)
them are production supervision, and his wife.
machine design, tool and die design. The reception was held on the drafting, elementary ’ electricity, lawn of the Lee residence. It was
engineering fundamentals, and ex- attended by the deans and heads of ed, in books to the exchange may
Book Exchange Starts Payment Tomorrow Student book exchange announced today that beginning Monday at 12 o’clock all students who have turn-
plosives.
Dean Jenkins . . . new head of the Pharmacy School, was re-elected to membership on the executive council of the Amei'ican Pharmaceutical Association at their recent convention in Detroit. Dean Jenkins has been a member during the past four years, serving as chairman of the Council from 1939 to 1941.
all departments and the university directors and their wive^. Dr. Jenkins received his PhD at the University of Wisconsin in 1926, was professor of pharmaceutical chemistry at the University of Maryland from 1927 to 1936, and professor at the University of Minnesota from 1936 to 1941, Two Books by Jenkins During the past few years Dr. Jenkins has written two books, (Continued on page 4)
collect for them at the book ex-
change office in the Union. Every- formyls
one is asked to collect their money or books by Wednesday, September
17 at 5 o’clock.
Anyone having available copies of books to be used this semester may still bring them in. Junior text books and all engineering texts are in great demand. As announced previously the book exchange may stay open until September 20 to take care of unfinished business.
Members were selected from a group of about 100 who tried out Friday and yesterday for positions in the orchestra. Conductor Ragains observed that, in general,_the quality of the players was much better than had been evidenced in tryouts in previous years, particularly with regard to the violin sec-
tion.
When appearing at pertformairces, all men will wear tuxedos and girls will wear black and white
Manpower Needed Campys Activities Call For .Workers
Aspiranf Yell Leaders To Try-Out Tomorrow
Tryouts for the yell team will be held tomorrow afternoon at 4
her own over WBAA to'her credit, o’clock in room 105 of the fieldLast year Caroline starred in “Col- house. Johnnie Goll, senior cheer
manager, and Dick DeGarmo, head cheer leader, will be in charge of
conducting the tryouts.
Interested students, Especially coeds with high school or other experience arc invited to thi tryouts. It will be the duty of those chosen to load the yells at all fotball and'
basketball games, k.r.
Zouaves Will Goinducf' Tryouts For Applicants
lege Widow,” and participated in the summer school’s production,
“Our Town.”
Sarah aJnp Murfey, as the witty and hUrdshellcd woman press agent, is another itransfer with a back-
ground in drama, w.g.h.
'Flying Boilermakers' Enter Advanced Siage
and pledges the organization has indeed made an achievement, b.g.a. Exponent Needs New Sophomore Workers There will be a meeting Tuesday afternoon in the Exponent’s office in the sub-basement of the Union' of all sophomores interested in
Activities Bureau Calls Sophomore Workers All sophomores interested in working on the Activities Bureau are invited to report for a sophomore call-out Tuesday, September 16, at 4:15 in the Activities Bureau
office. V
The Activities Bureau edits the
working on the editorial staff of freshman “bible,” interviews fresh-
the Exponent. The meeting for coeds will be held at 4 o’clock, sophomore men will meet at 4:30. A training school will be conducted for those attending the call-
men to help them find their place in campus activities, and compiles scholastic eligibility lists for all other activities. The juniors in charge of the committees which
out. News writing and particularly perform these functions will exExponent style will be discussed at plain the workings of the Bureau to
“Flying Boilerrrrakers,” a naval squardon of men fronr Purdue Univeristy will have completed their primary training at the naval sta-
Tryouts for rrrembership irr the Purdue Order of Zouaves will begin at 4 p. m. Monday, September 22, it was announced today. All basic students who carr master the in-
tion base at Glenview, 111., within drills ai?e eligible for mem-
the next week and be transferred bership, and they should report at ing course is completed, sophomores
to Corpus Christi, Texas, where ^bo Armory at the above irarned
they will receive advanced flight tjjne.
tr aining preparatory to being com- Zouaves are very well known
missioned ensigns in the naval air
the school. Previous training, although not a prerequisite, is help-
ful.
Editorial sophomores’ duties are writing news and feature stories, reading proof and aiding junior editors in reading copy and planning the paper. As soon as their train-
will be assigned to regular posi-
tions and work days.
Sophomore positions arc also open on the Exponent business staff.
meeting, to be held Thursday, September 18, at the soils and crops experimental farm. Prof. A. T. Wiancko, head of the agronomy de-
partment, announced today. Dr. Cowden, who was a member
of the Penn State College farm management department for five years and who received his doctorate from Cornell University in 1937, will discuss “Effects of Waron Agriculture.” His address will come on the afternoon program immediately following the noon
hour.
Activities Start At 9:30
The day’s events at the experimental farm, which is situated at the intersection of State Roads 52 and 26, immediately east of Lafayette, will get under way at 9:30 o’clock when groups of about 25 persons each will be taken on in-
will be held tomorrow afternoon at spcction tours over the farm. Each 4 o’clock in the Debris workshop on group will be headed by a member the second floor of the Union. of the agronomy department who All freshmen and sophomores in- will report the results of the re-
First Rehearsal Tomorrow The Universit:^ Orchestra will
hold its first rehearsal tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock in the Hall of Music, it was announced. The second will be held Thursday evening
at 7 o’clock at the same place. Last year the orchestra played at
the Lafayette Community Fund banquet, the University Christmas program, the University Easter program, the Varsity Show, various Union music room programs and
the crowning of the May Queen. The officers which will assist
Conductor Ragains are: Vernon B. Westburg, concert master; Gene Kinelski, manager; and Hubert
Forbes, librarian. Orchestra Members
- , Orchestra members are: M. F.
the University s farm management l , j - j Anderson, Donnis Barrett, Robert
department for the past four years, ^
will be the principal speaker at the Boonstra, J. W. Carter, annual corn and soytean Field Day Cartmell, Helen Carey, Ei-
Cowden Will Speak On War, Agriculture At Field Day Meet Dr. T. K. Cowden, a member of
those who attend the call-out. k.r. Debris Photographic Staff To Hold Tryowts Debris has announced that positions are open on the Debris photography staff foi freshman and sophomores. Tryouts for those positions
leen Carpenter, Mary Ann Click, Betty Jane Cross, G. G. Davidson, Louis Douglas, Breiit Finch, H. H. Forbes, Frederic Fowler, Don Frier, Mary K. Grantbam, Doris Jeanne Hamilton, Barbara Heide, M. F. Homfeld, Dorothy Houskeeper, Sinclair Hoffman, Betty Joyce Hughes, David Hyde, R. C. Jones, Gene Kinelski, Ruth Marie Legg, Louis Lehnen, R. A. Leighton, T. K. EeinberJ, K. Magr-er, R. D. Martin, Marthaeunice McHaffie, Jeanne Miller, Becky Morrison, Donald McCasIin, June E. Moon, W. J. Otto, W. L. Past, A. E. Powers, Wayne Price, Joanne Quear, B. H. Rosen, Yale Schaevitz, Phyllis Scholl, Frederick Shefte, Hyman Smulevitz, Doris Speake, Marion Jane Sprague, Robeita Thoma, Julia Jane Thompson, Lloyd Toney, H. Wakeland and V. B. Westburg, r.l.h.
Knapp, assistant dean of engincci- a total of 37 men.
ing in charge of engineeiing ex-
tension.
Ci edits earned thiough the extension couises will be accepted by the University, pi ovided the student satisfies the entrance requirements at the time he transfers and that the grades received aie higher than the lowest passing gi ade given in the extension classes, d.b. Recruiting Officer Will Address Seniors Lieut. Col. Wharton G. Ingram, Indiana ai my recruiting officer, will visit the University about Tuesday to talk to seniors and confer with Piesidcnt Elliott and other University officials. He will address the seniors at a meeting tentatively set for 4 o’clock on Tuesday. W. E. Vogler, director of personnel, for
seivice. l^he^squadion is made up of exhibitions at many univei- The business staff handles Exponent teiosted in Debris photography are .search in progress on the farm dur- NlllB CllinCSC StudCIltS
Enroll For First Term
The following men are members of the class: R. T. Ewing, B. A. Gianstiom, J. C. Ely, C. C. Dyson, R. W. Applegate, F. J. Clucas, F. 11. Clark, W. D. Eiick, O. A. Ran, 0. Krahenbuhl, S. Hill, B. MeShane, R. A. Ellingboe, W. C. Hirsch, B. Sparks, T. E. Farrell, J. M. Thomas, W. J. Slone, D. J. Quinlan, E. Coitemiglia, W. E. Wilson, J. F. Voios, R. H. Schnell, R. T. Powers, J. W. Barnits, F. L. Danowski, C. E. Ferguson, D. H. Russell, J. W. Aulson, W. F. Jordan, D. R. Petke, F. J. DeBerge, R. D. Hahn, R, H. Andeison, W^ C. Peterson, W. A. Eck and L. W. McCleary.
s.c.c.
WRH Plan Old Girls' Picnic For Thursday WRH plans a gala event on its
sitics and at Fort Knox. The drills which the Zouaves aie noted for a^-e as difficult as they look, and the military student who masters them
advertising, ciiculation and ac- invited to come to the tiyouts. The counts. All sophomores interested work and duties of the fieshmen in any of these types of work may and sophomoics accepted will be report at any time. k.r. explained at the call-out. k.r.
BMOC Lauds Activity Participation
By J. H. Wendell
“You bet—I’m going to get ipto some activity. Any time now, as
soon as I get ready.”
Well, friend, now’s your time to put that good resolution into actioji. All over the campus, it’s sophomore call-out time. Perhaps you’ve been waiting to see how the University would tieat you on those
grade repoits, or maybe you ve just -^yag j stuck advantage.
the engineering and science schools, social calendar this week. It is the
is making the arrangements for his visit to the campus, r.l.h. Delta Upsilon . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of the following: William Powers, Chicago, 111.; Russell Lund, Chicago, 111.; James Stallings, Alton, 111.; F. Wainer Moore, Akron, 0.; Robert Smithers, Akron, 0.; Paul Miller, Dayton, 0.; Joseph Richaids, Peail River, N. Y.; Donald Tudor, Indianapolis; Steve Krstovich, Giay; Richard Prass, Lafayette; and Mark Hale, Lafay-
ette,
annual “old girls’ picnic” which is the occasion when all the foimcr residents come over to visit the new girls who aie living in their old rooms in the halls. At 4:30 on Thursday afternoon these former residents will go back to their old rooms and the new girls living theie will be their hostesses at the picnic on
the South Hall lawn.
The commissary department is planning on a crowd of over 800. Upperclass girls who live in the hall aie issuing the invitations by telephone. If anyone is missed, it doesn’t mean they aren’t welcome
here. He’s a cinch for a good posi- You may well ask, “Isn’t it too tion when he graduates. With a late for me, a sophomoie, to go out start like that, he’s going to get for some activity? Will I have a
somewheie in life.” chance for a job?”
Joe Speaks For Himself No, it’s not too late—you still The proof of the pudding, though, have as good a chance to succeodis in the eating. What has Joe got as the man who has been working to say about his expeiience with for a semester or two. You’ll have activities? “There have been times to work a little harder to leain the when I’ve wanted to quit and won- lopes and oveicome that initial dis-
but you’ll not be dis-
thiough all those times, and, boy, eliminated against when elections
, . am I glad I did! Seriously, I would roll aiound. But—it won’t be very time 01 action, anything for the exper- long befoie it will be too, late, so
iences I’ve had since I came out as now’s the time to act.
a soph.” Hey, You Frosh!
“Even if I hadn’t got this senior Now, as for you freshmen — position. I’d have been mighty well you’re sitting pretty. Theic are lepaid for my time. There’s a lot several activities that aie calling here at the University you just for you now'and theie will be sevcan’t get except in some activity— cial moie looking for you in a few
something that gets into yqur blood weeks.
and makes you feel like you’re You have the opportunity to “get really living.” hi on the ground floor.” You will ambi- q’hose Grades — have, if you answer a call-out now, of all. Up from behind comes the regis- an extia year in which to learn the
ability to get along with co-work- those ^I'lide cards. What game, get acquainted, and just gencrs.” I do his statistics show? “Last'year 'erally have a mighty good time in
ing the past spring and, summer
months.
• Following the afternoon program, late cornel's will be given an oppoitunity of inspecting the experimental work. In addition, persons interested in specialized agronomic problems will be taken in gi oups to those sections of the farm where they are most concerned. Tau Kappa Alpha Will Hold Annual Steak Fry, Sept. 18
been looking around at the various activities. O. K.j—now you ki'ow,
and now is the
sophs.
Wonderings?
Ah, but maybe you don’t think
an activity is worth while. Let’s see—what does your future employei' say? “Grades come first in consideiing an applicant for employment. Probably next in importance is your extra-cuiricular record on the campus. A good activity
rocoid shows perseverance tion, and most impoitant
Tau Kappa Alpha, national foiensic honoiary will hold its annual steak fry on Thursday, September 18, at Potter’s Woods. The group will leave the Union at 5 o’clock. The dinner will be attended by ed
and co-ed debaters as well as debate at the meetm
managers. Tianspovtation will be
furnished.
At the last meeting of the organization, Tau Kappa Alpha keys were awarded tq the following: Jane Ostrander, Geoige Picha, Albert Katz, Robeit Weiss and Ed Johnson.
Though the war in China has kept its people fairly busy for the last four years, it has never prevented ambitious Chinese students from furthering their educations in this country. Nine new Chinese students are enrolled in the University this semester, four graduate and five undergraduate. All but two of this number came directly from occu-
pied territory in China.
The new students were honored at an informal tea party by the Chinese Students’ Club on”Ia^ FrU
day. The tea was given at the home of W. L. Ramey, 333 W. Lutz. The present condition of China constituted the chief topic of discussion
Given Plays For Frosh Tea Dance, Union Mixer
Exponent Staff
What do your fellow students the aveiage index of activities ofsay? “Wish I was a big shot like ficers was 4.16, considerably higher Joe—he’s sitting pietty. Knows than the all-campus index for the
every “old girl” is urged to attend, the people that really count around same semester of 3.81.”
your chosen activity. Now’s your chance—look around, ask questions, choose an activity, and get in there and pitch. Good luck!
Staff for Monday’s paper is as follows: night editor, Armstrong; issue editor, Cliunin; proof men, de Bruynj Boswinkle; junior-in-charge, Brophy. A complete schedule is posted in the Exponent office. Staffs working on subsequent issues will appear for duty on the nights under which they are listed thereon.
Irv Given and his orchestra did double duty yesterday in the Union ballrooms, playing at the free freshman mixer from 3 to 5:30 in the afteinoon, and at the regular Union mixer in the evening. The freshmen mixer, which is an annual affair, was sponsored,^]^y the PIA and nuifked the beginning of this year’s social events for that organization. This was the first tjme that the freshman mixer has been a tea dance, and it proved to be very popular with an attendanw
of over 80G persons.I fi wi
V?'# -r
m
^ ? ‘.a
fcfii
, ^4,111 ;
I
jf f I
)-V?f r> i#
PURDUE.-EXP^N&NT :»"" ' ' "'ll"
Sunday, September 14, 1941
<—f
Jjapan's New Order Much has been wiitten and spoken about the New Oidei that Ilitlei has been attempting to install in Em ope, and all of us aie aware of his plans foi the futiue of the nations he has conqueiod Moieovex, x\ e all know of what IS commonly called the Japanese menace, WYelloy Pciil, in the Fai East, but little has been heai d concei mng Japan’s New Oi dei, which this little nation hopes to foice upon China and other of the fai eastern countries Japan has made a small, but by no means unimpoitant stait on its New Older foi the Fai East in the puppet state of Manchukuo, and it IS appal Lilt that she intends to continue 111 conqueicd China In Manchukuo tl>e'-J^p-anese hai e taken o^ ei the managem^t of all the piesent industi les and ha\e staned many of then oyn Th“ toimei oyneis have been relegated to the position of meie laboieis, and they with the lest of the Chinese aie paid the amazingly low ^ age of appioximately one dollar a month bj- then Japanese bosses "Ihe goods manufactuied aie exported b^Hl^mn and other nations thioughoui, the woildrtne Japanese, of course take all the profits Thus they ha\e a start on the laig'^st “sveat shop” ever concened and it wdl grow even larger as it IS expanded into China Japan also has in Manchukuo what they call then ‘open door” policy, with one door marked “in” and the other “out’ However, the door marked ‘ in” is for Japan only, while through the out” door is shipped all the ma teiial manufactned nr the Japanese control led industries Since the New Order has been nr effect it has become virtually impossible to purchase in Marchul uo goods produced in foreign countries Aiflrough loss of trade witn Manchukuo itself is not serious, the loss will become even greater as Japan places areas of conquered China under then control Under this Nipponese policy the United States stands to lose even more than its trade If Japan pushes then gigantic ‘ sweat shoi^” farther into China ah ot the time and money that American scientists, engineers educa tors, and missionaries have contributed to aid the progress of China will have been wasted Furthermore, China is attempting to modernize itself, ai''d there is no reason why Americans shouldn’t have a part nr it II Japan is successful with their New Order, the materials for the modernization will not come from United States manufacturers, but from the Japanese We don’t advocate declaring war on Japan to put a stop to then Far Eastern plans, but the United States can continue to aid China with war supplies There are also many Chin-
fijuJuim, £xpomnL
rntcicl ns second class matter at the post office m Lafny tte In h u an Ic U c act of Coi Kress of March 3 1879 and U tl e sj ecnl late of posti^e provided foi in section 1101 ict f Oetolei 9 191 authorized January ^0 1)22 1 ublished 1 Iv NCtpt Mol day diiing the lecilar ncridemic yeaV and \ 1 Iv d i nj tl e Si mmer Sesbion JDehvered 1 tally by car ler for ‘*13 uO i er veil mail subsciiptiona $4 00
rditor in Chief Nens i dit r I5u mess Manager
Ned A OclnUrco John L IrauKott Don S Powers
Publication Staff
Manaping Editor Lcland W RiiffEncr A.S o inte 1 lit rs J F Amob J II Armst on^ D 1 Broi hy R I II i llcy 1 I J lies L G Kiei er Business Staff I cal ^dieitising Man-ij^^ocs K K Gjemre R E Saxton Cicil tioi Minap.(.r W 1 Bell Aeco mtb ManaKei W D Milhr I Co-ed Staff Editor Kuth Rose Asboci lie Lltoia M y K Boyntoi Alice Cl atfi Id Sports Staff I ditor Phil C Johnson Asboc ate F htorb O T Clark 3 D Friber J S Keeler Phones Editorial and Business, 4005# Sports, 2792# Editorial After 10 P M # 5377 P iresentcl fo nat n 1 a Ivcrt binpr by 'Natioml A Ivert b jn"- Scrvic Ire C llc^e Publ sheis Rei resentaliveb 420 M 1 bon Avc Nc v Yorl N Y
Staff For This Issue
Niffht Fditor Hadley Da5 Fdilor C hatfield Slnff CiaiKmil Wolf E L kaipiek D So rls
Issue Editor B G Smitl Sports Editor Clark norc Ho kins Armstr m. Am b ' Shearer G L Cwosdow C L
e Bottle Neck
GETTING IN THE GROOVE Bundles of books to stuit hitting ugnin But leally we lie ghd to get back—no fooling Ioi one reason the foil s bad home and I just don t speak the same language injmoie We aic not compllining lathei wc aic just stating how lonesome wc have been to hell «oineone say he is going ‘ joeino- Wc said that \VL weie going joemg when we fiist went home iiid ovciyono looked stunned They thought we weie con
tcmplating imiidei
Not many could get sentimental over duty tan coidb ind wc ue no exception but wc do miss the iiltl y things Wc leally gr^w too long loi the biii^ bang bong bong of the clock in Hoaviloii Hall lowei Of coiiise liacl home theie was always the beatin^ of the hi ick^mith to listen to but that didii t signify that class would be ovoi in five minuLcs oi th it we
*^he JRatiO’^
3.03 ) O to fo 1
lie much easier on the presidential bade had evciybody been so teas*silling That was teal nice of
“l*re's:y,” we thought
Wh hear from the Pi Ilhis that thpre are three lings in the house The rocks in question aie adorning Buthie Holden, Marge Leonard, and Molly Harding Seems as though
'ov.i Betty Eridc alihost had her man . , 11 11 1 4.U woikcd up to that poult, too, but he As you piobably all know, the t^a„3feued. Better luck next
head on this column should tune
changed Ihutcen hiindicdths of a you know, you’d think that by point, 11 imcly, to 4 07 to 1 but wo ^ to be a senior haven’t found tunc to do it as yet, ^j^ound heie and especially m the so bear ifVith us school, he’d Icnow how to fill out At any latc, wo’ll keep on as us his claSs cards at registration ual spreading the bull Not so with one Sterling Wolfe, The oihci day, wc wipig about an though In one of his classes the incident about the post cards that other day, the prof called out Ster•‘Prexy” sent out, leinembei Well ling, that being wJxore the last name anyhow the fellow involved got an should be Getting no answer, he answer from the piexy thanking wisely tiied the other name on the him foi the leassuiing news that card namely Wolfe, which drew an he was coming hack and stating awakening giunt Wake up and live,
that the duties of president would boy
“You just answer the question, Otis Snodgrass, and the Board ot Education is under no obligation to pay you $5 for any you answer correctly'”
University Publfslies Colledioti Of Religions Convocation Sermons ‘The Convocations foi t/oiship a collection of soiinons iven dii mg the p ist SIX yens it the le ligioiw convocilions vv is icecntlj published by the Unucisitj
Radio Review
Adniiieis of the umy \ ill got i
, , , , , 1 ick out ol the bio dc i Is to be hid one minute to decide whethei to on to the mmciueis next class or just substitute Svcctshop 102 foi it Lomsiun beg n lu . tonoiiov
, , , , , , ' Williim L Shiiei ml M ijoi
We le really gird to get back to vvheie we can hum nddm^ Elio- spe 1 m, ioi the school song of the so called univeisity situited miljses Ihc timc-2 oO 11
it Bloomington while we sing Piiidiies iiievcicnt 2 45 p ni *
vcision of it imd i oui bieith without cveiyonc thinl mg we aie being patiiotie to lU Which veision one lb smgmg is taken loi gianted on this c unpus
1 w b
Picsident E C Elliott oiiginatcd the book which he says will lui nish evidence of the positive con com of the Univeisity foi the le ligioiis and ethical wellaie of
students
Ihe convocations which 11c at tciK)ecl by townsfolk md faculty as well as students lie held once i month m the Music II ill While the Chi istm IS md Lastei convocations hive been cntiielj musicil pio -,1 mis many notable speikers lep icscntmg Protest lilts C itholics md Jews have delneied seimons it the othci s amp
ese students 111 this country attending our universities, and we should aid them in every way possible in their attempt to learn something oi our economy, government, and meth-
ods of production
In the
Churches
7 15 to 7 45 Woi^hip This clos mg v\oiship seiviee will be presided over by students and will bo con ducted 111 the sanctuiiy of the ehni eh Eveiy Puidne student is welcome to 0111 studept piogiam'
Holy Trinitj English Lutheran
Church
GIO North Ninth Sticet Rev H C Slolkioil pastor Siiiid ly school and Students cl iss at 9 30 Woiship seiviee at 10 ^0
'■eimon subject
Mile
Puidue Chiislian Foundation Sun daj Program at Lafajette
Clinstian Chuich
Sixth and Noith S'tieets
9 30 Student Class Plot T K
Going the Second Noss voiy popiilai cimpus speak
ei will teach The subject is
Eaith m a Scientific World
10 40 Chuich Woiship Special Student Recognition Service Rev
Let’s Listen by Simpson - Smith
Wo espceiilly leeoipmend foi to moiiow nights listening he Lux Radio Thcati’i with Ron ilcl Col man m Lost Hoi 1/011 Authoi J lines Hilton will be th guest Alexandei Wclleott tl it sinewd obscivei his gone to London to m il e i seues ot bio deists on the conditions m E 1.,! m I the pi 1 iin will be iiied ly Columb i md BBC
sometime m eiilv Oetobci
At 2 p m tod 15 the NBC Stim^ Symphony will pie ent Di Eiaiik B1 ick s ail ingement ot the Bee thoven Piano Sonata Op 10 No on its legulii piogi mi Also to moiiow Syhii Mulowe will play woil s by Riiieui Bach and Coi elli Ol hoi haipsiehoul piogiim of 18th Ccntiiiy mu ic it 1 0 loci The foiegoing iie Red netwoik
piesentations by NBC
Baptist Students
West Lilajetle E iptist Chuich
Come) tolum) la and Ch inneej St Doyle Mullen will pi each tie sei
mon Affiliate membeis will be le ceued as the sciMce closes 5 15 10c Siippei at 131 S Giant o 4i5 Leave foi chinch building 6 00 Eoiiim Piogiam includes
leeieitioi smgmg discussio and woiship Infoimition Please is
beiiv conducted by foui uppei class mei P ul CaiiiiiPlon Jean Steig
e w 11 N incy Lee
John Iliitei All welcome'
Joseph Bind Glei=on
Student Pastoi
9 0 a m Pogei A’iilhams Club class houi P J Poudcboiigh t'=aeh
ei
10 35 a ni Chuich wo ship civ lee special mu le bj chuich ebon Due to the illness of tlie pastoi the pulpit will be fill d bj Plot r R Hall His Bpie will be The
Land ot Piomise
J 30 p m Rage V lli mis club ■social horn Ten cent liineli G 00 G 30 p in Rogei VA illi ms club discussion houi Di Gi ues will speak on ‘ the Student md 1 e
ligion ’
Howdy gals and guys Maybe we le light and maybe we 1 e wiong but we kmda figiiied that you ill might be mteiested m a little news about what s going on with radio
iccoids and oiehestras
1 lying to covei all the fields of enteii unment m one column is ^on na be some vhit of a job but with a lew suggestions tiom the leidcis and fms (ahem) well tiy to g ve you whit 50U want It 5011 want moie about el issics say it if 5011 vv mt moie jivm , say it—aiiylhmg 50U want wc 11 tiy to give you but we aion t psychic so you 11 have to
Divvson, and hollei
So just vvijich 0111 little column md if you see anything you don t hie (01 do) well stmd the alt this IS not Advice to the Love loin but wc like to hear tiom
you
Yniu CQ Lolumiusts
Weslej Eounddtion feundaj Pro gram at Ihe 1 irst Methodist
Church
Coiiiei Chauneej and South {st 9 30 a m Student Classes 1 i e h man class taught 1 v Dean M L Eishei, Dehsi oi Mei Dppeiela men class taught bj Rev L R Balslcj, pastoi loi stud< nt 10 40 a ra Moinmg AVoislnp “Diiection” will be the theme ol the sermon bi ought t\ Doetn Steele Special music will he iui
Platter Chatter
101 some good old soul filling
1 Ol Lpiseonal Students
bt John’s Chuich
Sutli and Eeiiy Lalayette H V omimmion at 8 00 i m Moining piajei md seimon, 10 45 1 m Buffet supper loi all Epis ecpal students m pansh house
S D mei Eeiiy at 6 00 p m until jive and rhythm nothing can beat
Les Brown’s lecoidmg of ‘ Joltm Joe DiMit,gio Betty Boimev Biowns can uy with a ehoiiis till
in on the bieaks gives the gieut Di
1\I igf,io i voe d build up tiom the
day he stalled his batting stie ik to
th it 1 itetul night 111 Clevel md The
style IS stiietly Browns and that
8 00 p
Prtsbvterian and Congregational Students Ihi Univei itj Chuich — Noith Stuct opjio k the Civil 1 ngmceim^ Budding J jO Studj Giou])undei theleul tl 1 1 pot Di Goidoi Gi ives
10 0 Miming AVoiship Student does mean solid all the w ly tiom
nibhed by the Paul Jmehei Smith ^ hoii undei the diieetioii oi Jmi Jnj, novel tiumpet trombone mtio
Memoiial ^,hoii 6 45 t^ 6 0 ]j 111 1 el ow 1 ip penod at the ehuieli Gome md g t aequamted with luw lilends ml meet again 50U1 old liieiid 0 30 to 7 15 Disci! ion An In tegiated College Life Ihis di eiu Sion will bg led by Miss ( laie Gal idge. Asst Dean ot A\ omen and Proteshoi A A Smith of the Soei ology Dipt No Purdue student will want to miss these challenging ad
diesses.
Ch ise with Jo mne Ikjd it the 01 duetion to and through the voe d in J he past! s theme will be V/hile speaking ot Les Blown we the (jrO)d Soldiei cant miss All that Meat and No 5 0 the Simd ly evening club Potitoes Again little Betty Lon will meet 11 Reeicatioi Ri oin ot the ney comes thiough with the _ ehuieh '-upjiei will be seived at 15 th it makes you want to meet hei cut ] ci plate Jdlowedby in houi p^i (n dly She suiely liao some ol leUiwsiiip an I diseu ion thing on the ball m tael, so h s the whole band It you don t believ e
us shove a slug m a juke box i r
Will a total oi 38 little seconds tike a tup down to the squiie md evei be toigotten m Boilermaker gi di off a hunk ot listenin’ at one tootball hibtoiy ' oi the music stoics
r tl > X
'>mS40^tfr
1 V / *■ ' I
Hold Loigi@inmage| ■^fisti^^iBijy’ • ^e j. Jthinie , ^qiiad ijum^ring^ \^0 candidates, put ’liq/^ bji&y Stuart F^ldi j^,b#r ' directijon of lifeid^6^chV|Mi»er*^r,nbam, Ib^ session was tdeVoted io drUJs, instruction 4n fundamentals, add cliriiaiced by ari'SfeirsqUtul scriiipjj^kge. Featuring |be,^.crijnniage werpjong fUUs-feii^-'Pt#Kume-.aijid:'^dy
■'tfni'ifepsity^ fans are \!?pjaderijng,b9^'it '^iill bte- to see t^e abttie bjd fipnabinatiOn back on tbe field Sij^^tt^ine first stringersj tKe nine wbo did therfighjting last,year, ato''’back-''agaibi■■■'
pm^enting...
: ¥be !&putbern’''iit^ Idustangs wefe backed into' the Shadows bf . their own goalposts after tying Pi|f|^7^^;'jn^,,‘^i>';;wiy)a 'l*rba|(6n ^Presto” Johnson, went •Trestb” and feboted .a fisvyaicd'ijunt to juake history in the, minds bf 'iJaliaa lads. Gene -Mati'ewitzvproved as tough as
built along the kne! oi| Mike ',iByhfene showed some of Mike’s speed afoot as well as a marked ability dhucking the porkhide. / (Definitely on the power side was the line bucking of , Joe Winkler.
toem to know the meaning of the ttord stop. As usual the' linehien ’^ere dping.a.hig'Ah^^^ tbe.wojgk and gettkig little of the limelight.
Wi#,e Fqr’^iaiP.siJ;y Tjh.e freshman coaching staff qf *|S.urghkm, Vionoff, Fehring, arid ‘■Eeeck is trying to weld a green teatn into a smoothly functionii^ unit for the anq^al Varsity-Fresh-^an game frij the near future. 1^6 [atteinpt is made .to teach the shift or other intricacies of Boilermaker Ftirdue &tball to the frosh. Plays ; juie mbjejy beifflg punt formation, e.l.k.
• '**h,K
, ' 'i,,' C; ' 'k,.
PERFECTLY LAUNDERED . . , S tresses, each shaped to iron one part of die shirt. . . . sleeve ironers. . , . collar form-right ironer. , . . starched to suit the individual 15c each 10% Discount on Laundry Brought in 0 - \ and Called for at WestSide Office 0 #
132 Northwestern Ave.
Rhone 7278
:,, ^paqhyElwar^' has 4^^ .toward the well’ knowM 7gb,iibg;Wafcer
jPhil Johnson
—JSiBy Phil Johnson ■ Presenting Jim Rush, Lafayette’s lone representative on this 1941 football sfl^ad. Jim is a Texan by ibirth, m^sng to Lafayette .frpim Houston in 1927. He attended Jefferson (High .“Hchool xWh^e he* won major awards in three sportsT—basketball, football, and baseball. He is just better than six feet, one inch in height (barefooted) and weighs 190 pounds. This is his third year oil the squad and he is .determined to make it a good .one. A senior, in the school of mechanical engineering (an oddity on the football squad) his scholastic index at present, is slightly better than 4.0, Oply member of th^e squad tak,irig the .advanced .course in RDTC, he spent six weeks at Fort Knox during the past summer. Last spring he was a member of the
apd 7 sbggy ''fiql^,1 'kfiij^pblis.
\iifhon sthe
ggmb./iiiiey Werp-^ei^iril^ ibaick^ky ■
ai|pgqmmato.ly 780P i stUdbgtsi, ,, PiratiTlme-iri’'Cbn^e]rericfe ’
i.Because of cfh}s, V0oA(rii ,,3^1Wgirid Will let^toe ,s|ridbfaj:s waji^ yai*sity foqtbauigractice evbry Monday.
'This, is Jt;he,,firS|t
Njrie’s’.‘history /khat 4hj^ ihas . h^ ribhed. '- ' -■ 7 ’/y.' .',:-;. The students will ke required to sh^pW ythbir' gqhbdii.ib’7cafds 'for" gdmisdiori to pra,Cficei(iiator, mdiien; the passports are issued, the students ^Jll; Ptotont 7pas8poj|i ad-
mission. ^ ,
During: .the Monday practice session^, the ,.eo.a.che.s. will takq time out ■to..explairi :to the atuderits,>sbmq of the offensive and defensive formations. Coach Elward, if he has afiy’time, will also point out some of the important plays, m.l.g.
baseball squad,, showing promise of a ?fine vchance at landing a position this spring. JAkes (Golf Jim ,is secretary-treasurer of the ‘^‘P” Men’s club and is a member and assistant chaplain of Phi Delta Theta fraternity. He has no particular hobbies, but would like to be able to shoot a good golf game by the tim'^ his , waist line begins to esaiiarid. He thinks that Hitler is eventually doomed to defeat and that there is a good chance that the draftees will be called to do battle. His favorite song is “Jim,” rendered by Dinah Shore. Rush is playing at left end in the shoes of Dave Rankin. His attitude toward the coming season is highly optimistic. p ^ ——i
. ''Tqmdrrdw afto^ iffid fitot-time in a great irtriny. years of Bdilermhkfer, gnd, as s^rias ;we .tori fi»d,''W.estefn Cdrifier^ce football, the doors of the Imretofdto^mosdd prgmme field be throwri open to adririt aH students intorbsi^: in: watchiaga potentially ^uat team in the iiiak-, irig,' This open practice tomorrow will inaugurate a new policy of Head Coach Mal ^ElWard in opening toe gates of Ross-Ade Recreation Hield ehii!hyMbri(my afterrim>n toto.ugh.out the' season for toe pleasure of the
student body. . ...
'The pur|)Ose of i the-^}«)licy is timt Coach Elward ^warits students to become better acquainted with the football players arid to realize that itris their-football team.’’He believe? that' this policy jJf allovting'toe • stUiden.t? to get hqt,tcr,acqum9t?d Vith the‘t^ vice versa will mrike ; £b£ .better Spirit woto with toe team arid with the students. It 'Will canse sacr^l|ces ,pn the- part of. bbth the* team arid the- Staff, but Coach" ElWard
firmly hriiieps hatotSey .ato W.elT worth making.
7Tbis (ppportmilty to-yisit practice sessions is certainly one that few studppts will y(ant to miiss,’Besides seeing about an'hour of scrimmage each afterriooA that: is pftmi mbch faster and more exciting than actual games, the .chance to see the coaehes teaching the players the various frindampritols of the game and pworking -with ^oups of linemen and hacks in heiteri'rig timipg, hlocl^^ rupning, passing, and kicking is one
of; great iriteresi.'
To see toe plays as they are being -rioUhded into working eondition gives toe -^eeta,top ^ muefe grpq.ter chance to-erijdy-the perfected play in game coriditioRS- A ktoatdeal more seeing' pleasure at football games is Jr^m,ei?toriri^bd7lto®w?mm^k Ihimt toe game to realize what to mmy fWjvapd Aot .vHmtoJ^y fdJlriwipgjtoe baH. So WiheA tomorrow rifternooA rolls around come on pUt to the practice field and take an. interesting and educational course' in football. It’ll be a swrilh Place to kririg your cheaper than a coke date—and a
darn ;s|gh.t ■healthier.
It’U kc like going through an automobile plant after riding in one all yopr life. Most .studferits have seen plenty of football games, but few of them ha-veieeA a strorig coRegiate team and a great coaching staff workipg to^ethet to ®®mmHrite the prganiapfion toat-toey see only on Satur-
day. AfiterAoOAS.
• Wie'll;5eeYoM Tomorrow Afternoon Tko team will be expecting you tomorrow. We’ce sure it’ll he some of the grandest entertainment .you’ve ever witnessed. Don’t miss it. And don’t forget your schedule cards.‘They’re the same as $3.00 tickets tomOTrpw aftcrri.o.on, ,r-' ,
FRATERNITY BA©GEiS and . '«P'’ PLEDGE FINS 1^^ ^VELTipS, . and' INVITATIONS
BUR-PAT STORE
113 Northwestern Ave "OFFICIAL JEWELERS"
Phone 2523"'fj
AUCmpiii${SQlf .. . will open tomorrow afternpon on the new (UAiversity golf co,u.rse. Ail (qualifiers must' play' 18 holes, but may .Aplit ipp their play into two days. Score cards must be submitted' to Dave MeMlle at toe first tqe. The cards should be signed by an opponent. September 21 is the fjjnal day .for qualifying; The tourney is expected to be a warmup for the Intrafraternjty tournament and ^opkies will
Andy jTomasic of Temple completed .57 .percent oS^?jPpssqs last seasdm for. 872 yards and seven touchdowns, and personally escorted the pigskin for Ein additional 400 yards overland for the Dwls,
On -opposite iCinds .of last rseasoA’s statistical results of major football contests are Minnesota, ranking first in the country with a .clear ;i3.ec,ord Of 154 points to the opponents’ 71, and .Dayis-Elkins College of Ell^^j, ,W. Va,, which fim^^^^||8th ih'.'the .collegiate: race.
MdllU I nffniiflt**** ForBasMToHtoniMr MehaHptoctfcc wHll . bciiln ■
m«n;r(!toef
7.,:7.;.
Sanders and "Pop” Doan, who rite faking Dutch'Pehtopi^srijace srinee he is gettii^ toe football teson
in?.toapei. ,
Five Veteraha Ciotle ‘ The nucleus of toe teaih Will be made rip of rieturning major Tet* trirriien. The losS hf five iegiHats ef last year’s squads hfike l^dene, outfielder; Jo'hn Eriimeirt rind Frati^ Dariowkln, piteKers; Brid Fisher, captain and "catcher; and Gedrge Doherty outfii^der and third baseman, leaves posftidttdpen tO;adl can-didates-who try out. Heturning .sophomores who are potential candidates are: Carl Hipp, QAtfielder; Bob Jones, first basemap; Ed Cook, a Io%l boy Who plays second base; Harry Olds, sho'ftstdp; Dale Crumley and Walt Smith, both catchers ;^aAd Jack "Wargo, brother of Dick ^argp who was potent star ori ffie ’40‘ squad.‘Paul Petrick, a junior who was a transfer kit year and a good pitching prospect is .also repmting.
Go South,‘TOo
The baseball team meets toe ?ame Big Nine teams as it did last year. The Boilermakers will play two games each at the Riveter’s diamond With Minnesota, Ohio. State, arid Illinois. They-rilso travel . to Indiana, Northwestem,and Mich- ■ i^lft'totplpi^'twh'gataef’erich. Phi Ganmaltii^j^ ^ ; , .7, so<pal frafeicriity, janriopApes the pledgiAg pf Anfe BecMey, Dayton, Ky.; David. Denriis, Cleveland Heights, Ohio; SViRiam Duim, Toledo, Ohip; Bu^Fqfd, .§puth Rend; ^11 iHeat|i,,,.iy’pst._Daiayette; Phil Mrittpr^ Gqorge OfHeil, TAdiaimP.efis; Joe Puilqlph, Crown Point; Herbert Seidell, Indianapolis; I^ichajcd r^pemakqx, 'Tluiaa, |iMa.; Douglas K. Smith, Sti Louis, Mo.; Thomas Spitier, -iVest, Lafayette; and Richard ¥aile, Birmingham,
Mich.
■; ■ ■ :?■ ■'■y’ar-'-
Biggeqt ..IrishmaA, in .coRegiate foothaiil tofts y.ear is .claimed to :he 265-pOund Eugene R. Elathma|in:,of the Navy whose bulky frame tpw-
on
: USED Books and sdiool su|4>ites
f-l "7 and Home
line of Sheafifer
EVERYTHING FOR A COLLEGE EDUCATION
1
H. G. REISNER
325 STATE STREET
— ESTABUSHED 1908— ;
H. a^isEli^ilER, JR. WESTiAFArariE
t ... '-iU':;.
ii>
« f
j» ^ ^ ^'■
\
1 Wf l/yl
PURDUE EXPONENT
“™f*w
, y,
iTwTV- f,
T (
Sunda^^ September 14t j941
SH
(Continued from page 1)
Puttering Shop Plans Exhibit, Short Course For Art Lovers
I
in armory before 4pm Monday Sept 15
AYRES
Purdue Christian hounuhtion Preshman Student Senate Meetlntr association meeting Tuesday, Sept 16 7 80 Tuesday Sept 16 at 7 10 n>. m p m in room 308 of the Union Tiyouts —^DIBOS
for froshm m dramatic group immediately
following All freshmen invited Dance Calendar All scscial chairmen Tau Beta Pi! Short but important meet
-BUSBY must present requests in ijrriting before mg in Union Wednesday Sipt 17 at 7 80
B> B C, Smith
“Quantitative PhaimncciiticTl Chemistry” and “The Chemistiy of Organic Medicinal Pi oducts ” The
latter is now on press and will be Theie will be an exhibit and published by October 1 In addition shoit course of fine aits held in the to these books Di Jenkins has pub- Union beginning September 28 it
Classified
Ads
Friday September 19 for dances held in p m Room to be announced later
Lutheran Students There will be a re the.Union building Please Bt|ite time date —MUNGLR
ccption f ij Luthcian students Sunday amf name of sponsoring orgrmization
. evening Ser'l 14 at 8 p m at the St \ —SlijAREK Scriveners Meeting of the ScnvenCr James Luth eran School Entertainment j Club in Room 212 of the Union Sunday , , , V,,, sponsored by Walthor League Refreshments POMM Important meetfeng Tuesday, Sept 14 at 7 30 p m
must be completed in pei son or ny ^jU served • —SCUN^AIBLE September 16 at 4 o clock in the armory —REIGLE
mail before Septembci 30 Roger Willm ms Club Baseball game / PIA Board Members Im^rtant meeting Room 2nd* fl or Union Bldg yellow gold In ihe nast veaiS the Putteiing Smday September 14 2 so p m on the Alpha Phi Omega Executive meeting at Monday 4 00 at PIA offme ring with light blue stone in white gold
^ intramural field —ARTMAN 7 30 Tuesday evenihg in the Swedish (West) 7” —ELDER setting Reward Phono 41632
^ j , T. 1 Shop has sponsoied many exhibits, Lounge of the Union / hshed approximately filty papeis was announced yesteiday by Bob , , moie compre Mathematics Condition Examination Ex —SIGLER Military Code classes Extracurricular For Rent Men s double loom twin beds in educational and scientific jour- Paiks of the Putteiing Shop The J. XT code instruction will be conducted by the Clean well lighted Stoker htat private
Lost Friday Sept B in Ladies’ Rest
nals
Ebert Medal Awarded
amination to lefwvc conditun in math . , in uunuuv; • nc wx-n *•
hensive than any pievious one, since cmatics will bo given in Recitation bmld Novice Pistol Group student desiring to mmtarT'deraitW"nT agam"th^^^^^ entiTnee”vliTreasonabTe" Apply”noon eve' exhibit, to be known as the “Lay m,^ on Saturday^ any male stidents int, rested Announce nings 116 S Grant Phone 2759
man’s Guide to Aits,” is sponsored
® ment of the schedule will be made the last
,.,1 F'eroTi if voii PIP uot this oxam sincc ni othei exam will be room of the armory now
r>i Tonlrmn wm awaidcd the hv ihp rmnoo-ip roinoiatinil of ^ given this semester Students expecting to —BROWN Di denhins was awaiaea inc ny tne uainegie tjoipoiatioii oi ghoit couise in the take this exam musti obtain permit at the Ebeit medal by the Ameilean Phai- New Yoik and the Cincinnati Ait i^vnlm n nnint to department of mathematics before Septem sephomores Callout for baseball man , . , inoe c ixr r ^ ,-vi 1 alts, you should maxe a IJOine eu 18 —AYRES agers Monday and Tuesday afternoons maceutical Association in 1936 for Museum of Cincinnati, Ohio, and is ,, „„v,il->it “T.ivmcn’s Guide to — ^ept ir lo at 4 p m Report at basebiii niit'stnnrlino' 1 PSPai ch mo hoiiKr in ovontoil wiih tho on m-iorn See the exHlDir, y Alpha Lambda Delta_ Mooting Tuesday at diamond on intramural field the most outstanding leseaicn inc being piesciited witn tne co opera Aits” when it oiicns Septem r oo p m m the Umoi The room of the —neal sented befoie the association He tion of the Union togethei with the „„ ’ Union will be announced laiei —— , * , 4. ^ A 1 j -r, bei 28 —MAC DONALD Playshop Managing Board There will be has been active in vaiious scicnti Depaitmcnt of Applied Design a luncheon meeting of the piayshop Man fic organmaiions He has been a Both walls of the sub basement , L,ave sched Tu“ Se^;jeml eT'-lT Tunmn *Ro"o^^^^^^^ &Mo “h"e UnmV Eieryt^
week in Oetobei
Lost Black cigarette case in Armory;, Call 7754
Both walls of the sub basement m *’“?*®*^
member of the executne council of coiiidor will house the exhibit, nouLed lato^mnL^r at"6^3o“”pi?aTe“p“M there Please the American Phaimaceutical A';- which will be heie until Dccembei istiy Department office —ELVING to attend —JOHNSON SOCiatlOn since 1938 and cliaiiman 21 •-> r’„.,.nn Anniioanta tHh follow- sr. i Playshop Crews There will be a meeting
of the council since 1939 In addi- Course To Last 10 Weeks tion he has served as chan man of Classes in the shoit
Co irsc witl 0 It expense to the j^overnment rnme^n If int r stc 1 contact Maiof IVIcsscrsraith at
I, f* .v Armo y at oi co E N Seiler G Rice many committees of the oiganiza ntcet weekly unclei the diiection of J t shivoi> w l lefhcit ^ ^ i^stci tion Paiks and will last ten weeks Tins nbarm^H^K'^Hori R r Mah He is also chanman of the soc jg such couises planned p L<3MSter j^R^iiwin'^'^H ? tion on phaimacy of the Ameiicin first scmestci of this ycai Biamicv i H stigikman H p ru'mor Association foi the Advancement of -pj^gy ^yjjj consist of infoimal dis ^k n^N^^caput? m "Ligg tt w V Science, and a inembei of the cussion illustiated talks, and sup Bobbin? A i^^Cuib'rison
plcmentaiy laboiatoiy woik The ii j surr w P Mitchell D Wi ght A course is designed especially for Uudwig ^Bggj^gMiTiH laymen and is specifically foi stu F^„cut Assignmenta debts It will be fiee but thcie will OrgJi nations wishing permment rooms in , 11 1 J. 1. 4 1 4. the Memorial Union b iilding will sulmit be a small chaige to each student “Vtton petitions to the student Union foi laboiatoiy equipment The tac Boaul before Friday pptcmbei 19 Please 1, ,1 11, 1 1 state S170 of organization and reason 1 r ulty then wives and husbands, and requesting a perm nont 10 m —SIAREK
Advanced Course Applicants The follow- Rresbrnen interested bn cross country of all poisons who signed up for Play mg students aie eligible to take AdvanceU should leport Monday afternoon at the shop Clews Monday afternoon at 4 00 in
first tee of three hole pr tctice golf couisc
—PHILLIPS
1 owicr Hall
mooting
very impmtant
—GOLL
American Chemical Society sec
WAAWill.
(Continued fiom page 1)^
dancey "speedball, and tennis call , „ , ,
outs are scheduled foi Thuisday, townspeople will be chaiget! a small
Septembci 18 Shiiley Johnson is legistiation in chaige of archeiy, Betty Gal Exhibit For Students
braith in chaige of speedball and The exhibit is to consist of paint Maiy Moffitt in chaige of tennis “ig- sculpture aichitectuic and Field hockey, iiding, and golf call chawing, and the decoiative arts, outs are scheduled foi Friday, Sep- ^^^cl should appeal to all students as tember 19 Eleanoi Haiiison is in it is intended primal ily foi them
chaige of hockey, Lucinda Redwmc
Fuithei details may be obtained mvitci
Notices
chaige of iiding, and Maijoiie tiom Bob Paiks and legislations
Brown in chaige of golf.
Life Saving Instruction
The life saving coips tiaimng couise will be given this week to instruct the girls who will guaid the swimming pool foi afternoon
swimming this ycai
During the fall WAA has plan
ned a progiam of waid paities, a football tea, all stai speedball and
hockey games, and a fall
spiead
WAA membei ships will be on sale at the tea Kathiyn Ade is in chuge of the refieshments Coun selors aie urged to bung their counselees to the tea The WAA officers foi the year no Maiy Pidgeon president L u bar a Ford, vice president, Ruth Walkei, secietaiy and Jane Blank
tieasuiei ac
Joe Boland and Mai Ehvard g cst si enk ers Tree to mcmbtis 25c to all olh rs
—BROCK
Military Seniors There will be a meeting J <f all B tte y Athletic Olf cers in Roon 20 pons of armory Tuesday Sci t IG pt 4 p m
—BURKHART
Basic Military Students Mooting of all stud ntb Intel estel in tryouts for mem be ship in lurlue Or lor of /on es rifle drill team at 4 i m Wednesday Sei t 17 in the armoiy .—CRAP
to tie Stu lent Ui on Bo r 1 kefo I r lay Sit 1 State dale ti ne an 1 ball loom irefeicnee _stakeK NYA Students St ulcnts wl o have turn 01 1 NYA np 1 at n 1 o 11 r t s ei ts n the 1 erb nncl Oil ee /
S 1 ten brio
-MUSSLR
Freshmen inlc estel n work nt, as fresh m n fotl 11 m n r h Mil t t the va bitv f tb 11 f n 1 oiUi of th I 11 house Mond > aft n i t 4 o loci —MAIERHOFLR
Hillel Foundifion To Hold Reception For Freshmen Piesenting its nev home at 123 Sheetz street, the Hilld will open its social season tonight with a le ception welcoming fieshmcn and new students Returning students are invited to attend The reception will be fiom 7 to 9 and leficsh ments 1)1111 be served An oiganization for Jewish stu dents on the campus, the Hillel will meet on Sunday afternoons in its new home Members and fiiends of the Foundation are always wel tome at meetings and affairs s b w Engineer Awards Nine 1-Year Subscriptions One year subsciiptioi s to the Purdue Engineer have been iwaid ed to nine fieshmin cri^inceis These subsciiptio is were won by the freshmen through a lotteiy conducted by the Purdue Lngmecr in fieshimn engineering leetiues The following freshmen received the subscnptions Fdwaid G Pito W F Meieis, J B White W I Morgan R L Stahn D C Ileek J E Wilson, M t Woll C 1 Kramer k i
I EARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY BY ENROLLING IN OUR ADULT CLASSES BEGINNER'S OPENS WED , SEPT 17th ADVANCED OPENS THURS , SEPT 18th
7 30 P M ENROLL NOW
INDIANA'S LARGEST DANCING SCHOOL
PHONE 2150 M ALLEN, Insructor
ALLEN’S
DOROTHY LAMOUR M tars a pareu — a stitamlined edition ol the baroiig—^in Jur latest Paia mount film in icthnitulor, ' Aloina ol the boulh Seas,” ninth opens loday al Ihe Lalajtlte Ihtalrt
REAL VALUES IN SHIRTS • Printed Broadcloilies • Patented Inde&tructable Collaih $1.19 New Fall TYREST TIES $1.00 Thieme & Waogerin Co. 622-626 Main Street Two Doors East of Lafayette Theatre
P A Equipment Operators Anyone in
tercbtcd in contriicting to play records with ROTC Advanced Course Students Any y i i oquii mtnt iiiK^i trard^^hbrary for stu lent who is enrolltd in the ROTC ad
- - o vinced course either junior or s nior i nd
who IS also a membei of the Naval or
Ui ion Tea Duces eall mo at ''018
—DLUSTER
mm CORD mn *5»« pair Dewenter’s
416 Main Street
11^ <*1
Reamers Mcetinp: Mon lay Septcml or 1 t 30 p m in Room 304 cf tl c Union I 1 itant —RUI FNER Cataljst Club Members and Pledges M In g T cs 1 y night Sci ten 1 cr iv t
30 1 m Sign libt in Di
—NOUEiv
Purdue Wheelmen Get acqiaintcl ride S I d V Sci tember 14 at 2 30 p m Me t ' 1 ont of Lxcc tivo b il 1 ni All b
—VANDLRBII r
W\A All co ncil members 11 at have r ce pt bookb for WAA meml rbl i b 11 abe
notfy me 1 efore
All Preslimcn Women WAA member hii s w 11 be on s lie belo e and aftei the WAA la n Monday Sept !;> >" the W men s Gym COOPER S cial Chairmen Pi enl joir requeslb
Newman Club Breakfa t after 9 30 M ss 1 r 1 i ccb to j 1 ol 1 in the U n in wr t
Sunday Sept 14 m St Marys auditoiiun
THE WORD ‘QUALITY Every person should consider “quality” when sending your Dry Cleaning to the cleaners, remember this statement. “West Side Cleaners Inspects Each Article cleaned before returning it to the customer.” . .
Cleaning
Pressing
Repairing
(i^sisJL SijdiL (^hamJiA, ‘A True Sign of Satisfaction and Agreement^'
Northwestern at Vine
Southworth’s
I ^
Phone 4081
: CL SwbIL ^Ylumhah. You’ll Say, After Listening to Concef'to in B Llat Minor by Freddy Martin
S
w
E
W
I
N
G
COME IN AND LISTEN TO; YOU AND I—Dinah Shore CHATANOOGA CHOO CIIOO —Miller BLUE CIIAMPAIGNL—J. Dorsey
TIME WAS—Chailie Spivac CALL I r ANYTHING —WiJ^Braclley JIM—Dinah Shore AT THE RECORD SPOT
^^^RDIJE BOCK&SUPHY STORE
308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE |NQ
Southworth’s