* ^ Michigan 40 Ohio Slate 0
Pennsylyania 22 Cornell 20
Minnesota 22 ^ Wisconsin 13
Alabama 25 Vanderbilt 21
Iowa 18 Illinois 7
N0rthwertfp2O Notre OameO
0« K., Move the 'Bucket!' That'll l^emove Moss, Dirt Collected In Four Years!
SPORTS EDITION
Volume 52, No, 65
West Lafayette. Indiana
Sunday, November 24, 1940
n
V.
Indiana Grabs Old Oaken Bucket, 3-0 Rumania Joins 3-Power Hoosiers Get Holiday In Celebration Of Mixer.Smofcer, Combination AsDictafor Victory Won By 4th Quarter Field Goal
Signs Alliance’s Protocol
By LELAND STOWE
SPECIAL CABLE
To The Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1940. The Chicago Daily News. Inc. Athens, Nov. 23. — Pursued and harried by the incredible Greek Army, the Italians are retreating into Albania in great disorder from the far northern to the southern-most^end of the front. In many districts Premier Mussolini’s warriors are fleeing so fast that the Hellenic troops cannot maintain contact with them, while the quantities of guns and all kinds of war materials abandoned are assuming extraordinary dimensions. It does not ally Hungary and Ru-
mania, however, beyond the fact that they are both doing business
at the ^ame stand.
Von Ribbentrop began the ceremony, speaking briefly. A German official read the short text of the protocol, apd the signing began. Shows Grave Responsibility Once, while he waited for a copy to be brought to him, Gen. Antonescu gazed up at the lights and later, during Von Ribbentrop’s formal reply, the little general appeared last in thought, his pen in hand. One gets the impression that the responsibilities of any government in these troubled times are not
to be taken lightly.
‘Excellent,’ ^Most Positive’ Gen. Antonescu, leaning forward against the table, read his prepared statement, first in Rumanian and then in halting German. Nazi officials described it as “excellent” and “most positive,” Von Ribbentrop gave him the Nazi salute. Gen. Antonescu returned it and they' shook hands. More saluting and more handshaking, and the party moved out and German diplomacy chalked up a new success in its drive to remodel Europe. Only the future will demohstrate how significant this campaign is. But it is the end of a busy week
for Nazi diplomats.
Varsity Debate Team To Meet Chicago And Wisconsin Next Week Opening the formal Big Ten decision debate season for the University, Dick Springgate, ChE, ’41, and William McKean White, ME ’41, will take the affirmative against the \ University of Wisconsin at Madison next Tuesday evening and against the University of Chicago next Wednesday afternoon in Chicago. The Big Ten question chosen for this year is. Resolved: The powers of the Federal government
should be increased.
Both White and Springgate are experienced debaters, having spent four years on the Varsity iquad. Both men have had warm up practices in non-decision debates during the last two weeks against Indiana
and Illinois.
The Varsity’s negative team will
swing into action against University of Michigan here on Friday, December 6. On Monday, December ' 9, Riveter plankmen will meet the University of Illinois squad on the campus, and on the following afternoon Ohio State’s debaters will
form the opposition. d.t.b.
AtTheLefi
At The Right
Hockey Crowd Defies Elements T0 See Blacks Defeat Golds, 1 -0 By ED YOUNG While a crowd estimated at upwards of 30 shivered on the sidelines of the Women’s Athletic Field yesterday morning, two WAA all-star hockey teams gave each other the works for forty minutes on a rain-soaked field. When the firing was over the — ,
score stood: Blacks, 1; Golds, 0; spectators frozen, 3. A few less hardy (or more fortunate) souls peered at the struggle from behind automobile windshields. Lone Eskimos A poll of the crowd produced the following interesting figures. This assemblage was made up of :members of''contestants’ families, 16; pursuers of pulchritude (they’ll go anywhere), 6; those who had to be there, B; lovers of field hockey, 2; just plain nuts, 2;^ Eskimos, 1. The Blacks dominated the play throughout the contest, especially during the second half. Goalie Emhoff, who played a sterling game in the nets for the Golds, made a fine stop early in the first period on the only serious scoring threat by either team in this period. Defensive Battle It was a great defensive battle played mostly in the Golds’ end of the field. Three excellent spills enhanced fhe contest. Several lusty swings resulted in the ball caroll-
ing off the anatomy of opponents at close range. Midway in the second period the Blacks started their scoring drive. After a series of short passes, Helene Houston, Blacks’ center forward, hammered a head-high shot into the cage from close in but it was hot allowed'. This was the tipoff however and seconds later the clincher was in the bag. Katie Ade Scores A wild melee ensued ten feet in front of Miss Emhoff’s station then suddenly Kathryn Ade took a healthy cut and the pellet caromed off the rear of the cage. That was the ball gatne. Miss Emhoff made several more nice saves during the remainder of the game. Opal Blagrave also played a fine game on defense for the Golds. On the Black ieam Ford, Ade, Hennis and Metzger looked good, although all members of both teams must be commended for their Showing on the slippery turf.
By JOE DOLAN, Exponent Sports Editor Indiana University presented Purdue with a ball game yesterday in Ross-Ade stadium, and then—imagine the nerve—swiped it back, 3-0. The Bloomington university has proclaimed a holiday to be celebrated tomorrow to pay homage to Bo McMillan and his eleven, chief heroes to be Gene White, a Hoosier guard from South Bend, who kicked the winning three points from the 26 yard line after William Tipmore, I. U. signal caller from Elkhart, had made the difficult aim by holding the ball. From start until the denouement, the ball game was nasty. The weather was nasty; the players were nasty; the footing was nasty; to top the whole show off, the officials acted like a group of Philadelphia lawyers, with the exception of official Mike Layden, whose unerring and minute decisions were all that kept the arbitrator corps in “one” judgment.
Maneuverability was an offensive unthinkable throughout the contest. Hoosier’s passing attack was impossible due to the slimy ball which was difficult enough to carry let alone throw. Four or five times Hal Hursh tried to throw the ball, but each time received the same, disappointment; however one of Hurl’n Hal’s frantic pitches did hit Archie Harris behind the goal, but the big negro was so surprised to see the arrival of the under-hand-ed toss of thirty yards that he made
little effort to hold it. Last Minute Boogie
It’s hard to believe but if fourty seconds could be stricken from the records, Purdue would have just completed somewhat of a successful season. Ohio State waited until 19 seconds were left to place a field goal defeat ojn the Purdue ledger. Wisconsin did the Bucks one better by hanging behind until 7 seconds were left to -win by a toe, as a matter of bitterness the toe came after the final gun. And these dam visitors yesterday, not satisfied by seeing it rubbed “on,” had to go and rub it “in” with a three-pointer
in the final 14 seconds. “On Paper” We Almost
Statistics fail to show much but the usual gallant play of the Purdue eleven, the Boilermakers outgaining the Cream and Crimson 102 yards to 80, but the Hoosiers had the better of the initial downs 66; getting two in a row in the last three minutes. The punting average was 39.5 yards for Purdue and
39 for the Hoosiers. Where’s Enoch Arden?
At the start of the game it was clearly evident that the Purdue line would outplay the Hoosier forwards
(Continued on page 4)
Thompson To Talk At Defense Convo Thursday Evening Dr. Warren S. Thompson will speak on the subject “Population Pressure as a Cause of War” at ■ tL<5 third defense lecture on Thursday evening at 7:30 o’clock in the Music Hall, according to an announcement made yesterday by Dr. J. A. Estey, chairman in marge of
the series.
During the past score of years, Dr, Thompson has served as advisor to various groups on population studies including the U. S. Bureau of Census, the Scripps Foundation and the Nation Resources board. The purpose of these lectures is to provide the University students and faculty members with an opportuhity to hear nationally and internationally known authorities in various fields of science and technology discuss the defense of the United States.
. . . guard position yesterday was hard-hitting Jim Miller, junior from Massilon, Ohio. Hoosiers found the going plenty tough through his post and his savage blocking rattled several Indiana
teeth.
Reamers Sponsor Frosh-Varsity Net Tilt This Wednesday Making possible a preview of the season’s basketball possibilities, the Reamer club is sponsoring a fresh-man-varsity game scheduled to start in the Fieldhouse at 7:30 next Wednesday, November 27. Tickets for this glimpse .into the future of the Boilermaker net squad’s performance may be purchased at the West Union desk, at Deac’s, Southworth’s and from any Reamer Club
member for 26 cents.
Last year’s yearling squad fought Piggy Lambert’s championship team to a 60-60 tie, but were finally defeated'by the varsity men in an overtime by a score of 71 to 64. Although Coach Lambert’s present team looks as though it is also of championship calibre the highly trained f rosh team should give them
a plenty tough battle. Gimlet-Reamer Brawl
As a side attraction, or maybe it is really the main attractiop to
(Continued on page 4)
FACULTY MEMBERS: The regular monthly meeting of the Faculty will be held on Monday, November 25, at 4 p. m., in Eliza Fowler Hall. A full attendance is expected. Edward C. HlUott,
President.
. .. guard position yesterday was the Boilermaker submarine. Tommy Melton, who played the role of the immovable object when Indiana backs attempted to pierce his posi-
tion for yardage.
VanderPyl To Speak At Gridiron Banquet On Tuesday Evenipg Over five hundred tickets have been sold for the annual Boilermaker football banquet which will be held at 6:00 p. m. Tuesday evening in the Union ballroom. The banquet is sponsored by the Kiwanis club of Lafayette and ■jvill feature EUis C. VanderPyl, former Yale athlete and Olympic star as the principal speaker of the evening. All-Around Yale Athlete Mr. VanderPyl was a member of the 1920, 1921 and 1922 Yale University football and track teams, serving as captain of the track team in 1922. He will speak after the banquet on “The Human Side of
Sports.”
Next Year’s Captain
After the banquet Mai Elward will announce the selection bf next year’s captain, and also the player chosen by the team as the most valuable man on the squad for this season. He "will also present major and minor letters to those who have won them with their hard and stead-
fast work all fall.
During and after the banquet the University glee club, under the direction of A1 Stewart, will he featured in several numbers. It is expected that there will be nearly gOO persons in attendance at this, one of the largest banquets of the year.
Busy Dad's Day
By DON MEIER
Endeavoring to make Purdue fathers and other friends feel at home while visiting Lafayette to see the Indiana game yesterday, the Union outdid itself in providing activities. Although spirits were dragged to a rather low level by the second disasterous Hollywood finish in the season’s two Big Ten home games, everyone seemed to be back in a goc>d mood at tlje various Un-
ion functions. Luncheon First
First item on the day’s list of events was a luncheon in the South ballroom. Starting at 11:45 a. m., ' it continued imtil after 1:00 p. m. Chief occurrences at the luncheon were the welcoming address by Mr. Royster of Lafayette and numbers by A1 Stuart’s glee club. Among the songs sung by the group were “Soldiers of Fortune” and “Schu-
bert’s Serenade.”
500 Attend
Sponsored by the Purdue Dad’s and Mother’s Association, the limcheon was quite a success with between. 400 and 500 in attendance. Prof. Phillips, chairman of the association, and President Royster are largely responsible for its success. Chuck Brandt and Virginia Schoupp also deserve laurels since they were the Union vice-presidents
in charge.
Following the game nothing was scheduled until 7:30 p. m. at whidi time a Dad’s Day smoker was held in the ballrooms. About 500 were present and to make certain that the smoker was truly a smoker, cigarettes and cigars were passed around, gum being available for the non-smokers. Among the chief attractions were music by the Melody Maids accompanied by the music of Bill Martin and his orchestra. Zonaves Perform Other entertainment at the smoker was furnished by the Zouaves. “Blue Lights,” Willie Wells* “Everything But Onions” song hit, sung fay Carolyn Wood, was especially well receivfed. Most interesting entertainment, however, was furnished by the Dads themselves. Contests were held for the Dad that was most bald, the Dad that had come the greatest distance, the fattest Dad, and the Dad with the most children in Purdue. Dads Show Off The Baldest Dad was decided by popular vote to be Mr»- Skinner, father of Jean Skiimer, the singer. Mr. Van Brunt from Syracuse, N. Y., received a desk pad for having come farther than any other father present. The guest of honor and most corpulant Dad present, Mr. Evans, won without competition the title of fattest father and for his efforts received a dainty corset. Both Mr. Boynton, father of Donald, Mary, and Paul and Mr. Good^ man, father of three Purdue eo-e^ Dorothy, Eileen and Thebna have three c^dren at Purdue now, Khp. Goodman, who is also the father of! two Purdue graduates, was dedd^ winner of the most children contest by a toss of the coin, however. Mixer Finale Finishing the Da^s Day actif^^ ities was a mixer given in both baQ?^ rooms.. ?“t* ^ ^eupi2 ‘^uduMiA
S«ad(xy» November 24, 1940
( ^uiubuL SxfdmsmL
'I If
Column
It is interesting to note that a new powder plant is going up in New Jersey soon. And another in Illinois. Which is too close to home for comfort. As for the going up, there’s nothing in that. They do it every day. * <<< >*i We have there a problem in economies. Working on some principle or other. We build munition works faster and faster while all the time the explosions keep increasing at a decreasing rate. Until we can build ’em as fast . . . As any darn fool can flick a cigarette into a tank of gasoline. ’ ♦ ♦ * Then we won't have to worry about having enough shells to go duck hunting with anymore. And can just sit around taking bets on which plant will blow next. * * * Each Saturday the bookies can set up odds. And make pools. Etcetera. To take the money away from the populace. And the populace can follow the performance sheets, deciding to plank down their dollar. When Peters’ ammunition is favored by 50 minutes over DuPont. * * # Rumanian iron man Antonescu signed to play ball with the Axis team yesterday. And to take his place in the new order, fiowever, he is assigned to the bench unless the United States enters the game. In which case he goes to work. Adolph forgot to mention how though, having already dismissed the Rumanian army,
The Purdue Exponent
Bntered m Moond dam matter at the Doat efllee to Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Concrew of March S, 1879, and at the cpeeial rate of poctase prorided for to •ection 1108, act of October 8, 1017, anthorized January >0, 1922. Publbhed daily except Monday durins the resnlar academic year and weekly during the Summer SeMion. Delirered locally liy carrier for 18.00 per year, mail aub-
aertotion 18.60.
Edltor-to-Chlrf K. W. Danahna Bnatoaaa Manager JHaria Hagaaaayar PublicaHon Staff Newa Editor. J. H. McKee iiffttiMyitiy Kdltffr r r-.Ka Holpls Aaaociate Editora: W. B. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Puraell, L. W. Rnflnar, B. M. Skallarup, J. L. Traugott.
Butinata Staff
Local Adrertiaing Managera: D. 8. Powera, 6. C. Landera; Promotion Manager, C. E. Danglemajer; Acepnnta Manager, K. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M.
Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff
.... Beth Bimpaon Mary Kmr Miller, Ruth Roae, Donna
Editor
Aaaoeiatc Editora
Sieaa.
Sporla Staff Editor. - Jt. P. Dolan Aaaociate Niton: J. F. Adamaon, P. C. Johnaon, R. O. Swatan. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Repraaented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publlahen Reprcaentativaa. 420 Madison Ava., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editors: Johnson and Swaim Sports Staff: J. S. Keeler, R. Eberts, E. G. Kieper Ed Young, D. W. Meier and J. D. Fraser.
The Ratio
GRIN ANiy BEAR IT
By Licthy
Unless, he’s counting on the navy. To bottle up the British on the Danube. * * ♦ Herr Adolph’s high pressure men are putting the bee on Turkey too it seems. What with an ultimatum and such. But the Turks just keep mobilizing. They don’t seem to give a Dardanelle.—dkh
3.03 ... to 1
This is a surprise! We’re not supposed to appear this morning, according to Danny Heiple’s schedule of Exponent columns, but doggone it there are a few things we just must do, there are a few wrofigs to be righted. So we apologize to J. D. Miller of East Cary Hall. You see, we said yesterday morning that Bob Brock had put his pin on Delta Gamma pledge Jackie Carr, but it wasn’t Bob, it was Johnie. Congratulations, Johnie, and tough luck. Bob. Jeannie Bair, whom everyone seems to knoW, pulled a fast one on Theta Chi Erank Freiherr by giving him a pink and white teddy bear as a birthday gift. Besides the play on words, it gave the Theta Cheese’s something to ride Prank about for a week or so. We know a lad named Bud Mahurin who doesn’t like it when girls, on receipt of his invitation for another date, say, “Call me back next week.” How about that, Maxine Wilson. ’ So long, chilluns. We’ll try to sneak a few more pertinent comments in soon.
‘Now!
You see, Hubert! — You can have a good time at parties when you really try!”
Oldest agricultural college in the United States is Michigan State, established in 1863.
Beginning ballet practices Friday, November 22, at 4:46 p.m., every day of week starting Sunday, November 24, at 4:45 p. m., and Tuesday, November ^6 and Thursday, November 28, at 7:16 p. m. —SMITH.
Horticultural Society: Debris picture will be taken at 7:30 p. m. Wednesday, November 27, in the South Union Ballroom. —RUNKLE.
Union Schedules Series Of Three Motion Pidure
Classified Ads
FOR RENT Bw-R«nt.A-Cwr Scrvlc*. Can for «U oe* eaaioiu. Min. $2.60 all nlgkt. Fbona. 1407. TjvowtUm and addinc auiclitoaa^ new and naed, for sale, roat and tepaireA All makaa of jMWtabto typewrltora, $29.78 to $69.50. Offiea aappliM. Mimeograph and
Wesley Players Give Play Tonight,6PM “Why Should I?”, a one act play, will be presented by the Wesley Players tonight at 6 o’clock in the Methodist Church. This play was presented by the same cast last week at Attica. The players are: Beth Ludberg, David Polger, Tom McConaha, Jean Horton, Maxine Abshier, Vernon Singleton, and Bob Tooker. Lighting is arranged by John De Young, make up by Phyllis Hyde, and Glenora IV^pFadden, director.
Notices
Scabbard and Blade: There will be a formal meeting for actives only on Thursday, November 28, at 7:30 p. m. in Room 308 of the Union. —MEESE.
WSGA Office Committee: Important meeting Wednesday, November 27 at 4 p. m, in the WSGA office. If you can’t be there, notify me beforehand. Those who have been unable to turn out before this time but want to work should also be there. Attendance will be taken. —STIEKS. Roger Williams Club: Pictures of the student group will be taken after morning service. —THOMPSON.
Pi Tau Sigma Pledges: Turn in shingles with signatures to me at the Phi Delta Theta house by Monday night, November 26. —JACKSON.
POMM: Picture will be taken Wednesday. November 27, at 8:10 p. m. in the south ball-room of the Union. Wear formal uniform. —McCAMMON.
Novice Pistol: Students to fire in the sixth novice pistol group may sign up in the supply room of the Armory. This will be the last group of the year. 12-1. —BROWN.
Kappa Delta Pi: Open meeting Tuesday, November 26, in West Faculty Lounge at 7:30 p. m. Dr. Smith will talk on “Prejudices.” Any students interested are invit^ to attend. —NORQUEST.
Scabbard and Blade: Debris pictures of actives and pledges will be taken Wednesday, November 27, at 8 p. m. in the south ballroom of the Union. Wear h^iforms and white shirts. -MEESE.
Triton Club: Meeting Tuesday, November 26, at 7:16 p. m. and Thursday, November 28, at 7:16 p. m. Advanced ballet will practice Friday, November 22, at 4 p. m., every day of week starting Sunday, November 24, at 4 p. m., and at 7:16 p. m. Tuesday, November 26, and Thursday, November 28.
PIA Men’s Chorus: Rehearsal Monday night, November 26, at 7:80 in room 807 of the Union. It is important that everyone be there. —SMULEVITZ,
Military Luncheon Committee: Debris pictures will be taken on Wednesday, November 27, at 8:30 p. m. in the south ballroom of the Union. Wear uniforms and white shirts. —MEESE.
Scriveners: There will be no meeting Sunday night, November 24. —REIGLE.
Radio Club: Meeting in room 184 of EE Building, Tuesday, November 26, at 7:80 p. m. Mr. R. R. Stone win give a lecture demonstration on, “The Control of the Purdue Television Station, W9XG.” Use north entrance. — ''
NOW SHOWING A FIRST RUN HIT
RADIO'S CRACKER BARREL FAVORITES Meet ttiem on tne screen—
1
H?
Ik'S> f
I
3
fijuJtdm. £3^admnt
Sunclay« November 24, 1940
fiaq^ 3
A
llbiom
Cornell, Notre Dame, Ohio State Drop Big Games
Harmon Scales Grange's
By Joseph Patrick Dolan
Yesterday afternoon while Purdue and Indiana’s football teams were slipping and sliding around in the quagmire of dew and mud, there stood out one shining light among those twenty-two men gathered together to keep the annual date set aside for them by the two university’s athletic departments. He wore a gold and black jersey with a big number “22” as an identification card. Seven times Indiana runners tried to skirt this number “22” and seven times they finished in the “red.” You know as well as I do, that I mean David Eankin. —I-I— The chips were down for Dave yesterday afternoon when he took the field, because just 24 hours previously David had been chosen the most valuable player in the Big Ten (or nine) conference by the coaches
Captain Dave Rankin
and players of that league, and say what you may, no greater honor has ever been accorded a Boilermaker athlete, especially wj^en he was in such competition as his boyhood pal Sonny Franck, of Minnesota, Thomas Harmon, of Michigan, Don Scott and James Langhurst, of Ohio State, and George Paskvan, of Wisconsin. —I-I— As Red Grange said during the ball game, “that kid’s a diamond in the rough.” So did he play. Just imagine if Rankin had played with a winner, think of the honors that
would have been heaped before hjs name, but the Warsaw whirl-wind played with a loser, and so darn good that he out-shown 'his most illustrious victors.
—I-I—
Personally, I am very prejudiced about the play of Dave; therefore I asked a few of the sports writers about this great end’s worth. One answer in particular interested yours truly, since it referred to another great conference athlete who played on a constant loser. It seems that the majority of voices compare Rankin to John “Jay” Berwanger, Chicago’s all-eversrthing of a few years ago.
_I.I_
As Mai Elward said Friday night on the White Rose forecast hour about Rankin never pla3fing a bad ball game, so he was able to repeat Saturday evening. People have often asked, “Where did Dave Rankin play such wonderful ball?” The answer is simple—Rankin was the star o^ every game away from home and at home, but at his own request his name was kept from his own University daily.
—I-I—
Dave sensed possible te^ dissention from an over-amount of publicity directed at his scintillating play; so he requested that the Exponent look deeper into the Purdue line-ups for individual stars of each game, and with guys like Tom Melton, Bill Combs, Tex Axton, Bill Neff, and John Petty around doing yeoman work each Saturday, it became an easy duty to over-look the play of Purdue’s captain, but his play wasn’t overlooked in big football centers like Iowa City, Minneapolis, New York, Columbus, and East Lansing.
_I.I_
Readers of the Exponent can say what they want, but they can’t go back into the files of the student paper of the Boilermakers and find one single reference to Rankin as being the game’s standout; someone else has always been named for the honor. Ai^d there you have another reason for his popularity with the all-(etc.) honor elevens.
—I-I—
I remember once in particular, up at Minneapolis. Dave was asked to speak at one meeting and then another. He sacrificed the “sight-see-ing” experiences of the rest of the squad. When interviewed by Minneapolis sports writers (and there’s a squad of scribes in the Gophers’
*1 \
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Denial Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK Hth e Hain St. Phone 5701
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
e Dairy Products
Uniyersify Book Store Across form the Union Next to the College Inn M C. "Red" Sammons '29 R. W. "Doc" Epple '40
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY quality milk Phone 46214
• Locksmith
• Shoe Repair
KEYS and LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
BOSSUNG SHOE REBUILDING Phone 2240 221 State
• Hardware
• Bus Information
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Better Mdse.—Lower Prices If It's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
CHICAGO $2.95 R.T. GARY 2.95'R.T. MICHIGAN CITY .... 3.70 R. T. INDIANAPOLIS 2.10 R.T. YANKie TRAILWAYS 208 N. 5th Phone 4475
Photographers
Cameras and Supplies Picture Framing HIHEA PHOTOGRAPHER 634 Main St. Phone 7775
Gold And Black Wrestlers Prepare Fot Hardest Schedule In History; Face Cornell
By Phil Johnson Preparations are already well under way in the grunt and groan chamber on the second floor of the Fieldhouse toward meeting the hardest and most extensive wrestling schedule ever encountered by a Boilermaker grappling contingent. Many of the squad have been working out steadily for over a month, although Coach Claude Reeck, who has been aiding Elmer Burnham to develop the 1940 freshman football squad, will not begin regular practice until next Monday. Three Members Lost
Three of last year’s squad will be lost to the team this^year due to graduation. The trio includes Captain Norm Willey, 165 pounds; J. Lindeman, 136 pounds, and versatile Mo Aronson, at 176 pounds. This year’s squad will be built around the new co-captains, C. Fredricks, 128 pound national AAU champ, and J. Papurca, who handled
NY A Students
... at Purdue receive more than any other school in the state, according to Aubrey Williams, NYA administrator. The University’s 610 NYA students receive $9,160 a month which amounts to $82,360 a year. Indiana University is allotted funds for 611 students, Notre Dame for 313 and Butler for 142. o.l.a.
stronghold), Dave always told the penciji pushers of the driving power of Petty, the guts of Ted Axton, the amazing submarine ability of Melton, and above all, of the virtues of the University. And there you have the reasons why a Purdue man was named the most valuable player in the conference for the 1940 football season, and to top it off he was selected to the honorary captainship of that all-conference eleven. -1-1— Please, someone, send us another Dave Rankin, Purdue’s walking advertisement from coast to coast, the most beneficial 188 pounds of pulilicity Purdue has ever known, the fellow who had time to talk to Sunday school clubs of Davenport, la.; the fellow who had time to jitterbug with high school kids, the man who sacrificed to keep “Harmon” news out of his school’s paper, and the guy who could fill a Purdue sweater to the last stitch with all a major “P” represents.
THE NEW
A lovely transparent plsatio ease fox citfexettea In paatel tinta ox claax oxyatal. Deaitfned hy MAVCO, it ia lililit, compact; and atuxdy ... and will ^t even tke moat crowded ^minine pnxae, Matcked to youx favorite an> aemUea ox Riven aa Rifta, tbia ciRaxatte caae la amart and practical fox only. • • P. S. Hie cxyatal oxtoxtoiae caae mabea an ideal Rift fox that man on youx liat.
Toiletries
Street Floor
Mark; Goph€^rs Triumph
Most of the nation’s major elevens wound up their seasons yesterday and as usual upsets were spotted among the lists of scores. Notre Dame took their worst beating in several years, Michigan gave Ohio State a severe drubbing and Rice won their first game over Texas Christian in 16 years. Tom Harmon eclipsed “Red” Grange’s collegiate touchdown record in the massacre at Columbus.
most of the 146 pound assignments last season. Carl Anderson is the only other major letterman returning. He wrestles in either the 121 or 128 pound classes. Sophomores Strong A group of brawny sophomores show great promise in bolstering the Riveter squad in the bouts during the coming season. Jack Foster, at 136 pounds, should prove to be one of the most consistent winners on this year’s team. Bob Britt, brother of Gene Britt, a regular end on last season’s football squad, is slated to take over the spot vacated by Captain Norm Willey’s graduation at 156 pounds. Heavyweight Class Open Frank Ruggeri, who at present is playing as substitute center on the gridiron team, is expected to give fellow footballers A1 and Italo Rossi strong competition for the first string heavsrweight class. Ken Rollins, a senior who has never as yet been eligible for competition, will aid Papurca in handling the 145 pound competition. The schedule, although it is still in a tentative state until passed on by the faculty, has eleven opponents for the Riveter team to face. On February 12 there is a tentative match with Cornell University’s wrestling team, probably the strongest collegiate wrestling squad in the nation. Every year since 1924 the Cornell team has -dohated at le^st one member toward the United States’ Olympic wrestling squad. Six Big Ten Meets The schedule contains six bouts with Western Conference teams, meeting Northwestern twice and Ohio State, Michigan, Illinois and Wisconsin each once. Only three of the bouts will be held on the Riveter mats. Coach Reeck hopes to continue the practice of holding the home matches after basketball games on the Fieldhouse main floor.
Northw’st’n, 20; Notre D., 0 Northwestern’s high-powered offense really asserted itself as the Wildcats rolled over the Irish, 200. It was the worst defeat for Notre Dame since 1936 when Marshall Goldberg and Pittsburgh handed them a similar 26-0 pasting. Bill DeCorrevont was the hero for the Cats although all played excellent football. The first score came on DeCorrevont’s pass to Clawson from midfield. Clawson grabbed the ball on the 26 and scored easily. Bill sparked a second half drive with a 36 yard dash and climaxed this drive by plunging three more yards to score. Clawson ended the scoring by romping 24 yards off tackle.
Varsity Squash Team Defeats Alumni Quartet
Michigan, 40; Ohio State, 0 Tommy Harmon bowed out of collegiate football with a bong as the Wolverines trounced Ohio State, 40-0. The former Horace Mann of Gary star racked up 22 points and passed for two more scores, running his touchdown total for three years to 33. This exceeds “Red” Grange’s mark by two. Harmon plowed over from the seven yard stripe to open the scoring early in the game. A few minutes later Paul Kromer hauled down a punt and raced 80 yards for the Wolverines’ second tally. Another first half drive ended with a 17 yard toss from Harmon to Evashevski, running the count to 20-0. Early in the second half Harmon and Bob Westfall led a march which ended with Tom’s pass to end Ed Frutig. A few minutes later Harmon sped around end for 18 yards counting Michigan’s fifth touchdown. An intercepted pass set up the final score and Harmon again bolted across from the 8.
With the four walls of the Fieldhouse squash courts fairly groaning under the bouncy beating that they were taking, the Riveter varsity jumped to a three game lead and ended up the victors in the special Dad’s day varsity-alumni match held yesterday morning. It was the first competition of any type that the racqueteers have enjoyed since the beginning of their practice season.
Mann Beats Johns on To start the ball rolling for the varsity, Jim Mann, Riveter captain this season, dusted off T. O. Johnson in the match opener, 3 to 1. This sort of thing seemed to appeal to Green, a sophomore find, and he duplicated Mann’s performance by beating F. l^unro, the alumni challenger, by the same score. It began to look like a shut-out for the varsity after Riveter McMillan walloped his way to another 3 to 1 victory over F. E. Fields, but the last match went to the desperate alums. Goldie Goldstein did the trick by nosing out Fields in a 3 to 2 thriller. Busy Schedule Although the team lost rather heavily in their match with their perennial enemy, graduation. Coach Clevett looks for a good percentage of wins in their busy schedule. The squad has been working hard and their showing yesterday against the not-so-aged alumni gives indications that Clevett’s optimism is not out of line, j.djf.
Minnesota, 22; Wisconsin, 13 The Badgers ^rew a scare into mighty Minnesota but the poised Gophers weathered the first period assault and triumphed, 22-13, thereby staking a claim to the national title. A 72 yard pass play, Johnny Tenant to Schriner opened the scoring. The Gophers had hardly re^"^ covered from this when Tom Perris intercepted a Gopher aerial and dashed 48 yards down the sideline to score. Here the Northmen braced and started a drive of their own. It covered 76 yards and ended when sophomore Daley plunged across from the three yard line. Bruce Smith dashed over from the nine yard line in the second period and in the third period the Gophers gained an edge on Joe Memick's 14 yard placement. George Franck snagged a Wisconsin pass in the final period and ran over from the 23.
Professors and students have gathered for the University of California library some 200,000 pages of valuable source material relating to the history of California.
Iowa, 18; Illinois, 7 The mini threatened to win a conference game yesterday but Iowa finished strong to win, 18-7. Gobd’s pass to Bernhardt gave Illinois the lead which they held at Jiialftime, 7-6. The Hawks bounced back to tally tvrice in the second half and take the contest. e.c.y. Other scores. Harvard, 28; Yale, 0 Dartmouth, 20; Brown, 6 Princeton, 26; Army, 19 Duke, 42; N. Carolina St., 6 Holy Cro^ 33; Manhattan, 25 Tennessee, 33; Kentucky, 0 Nebraska, 21; Iowa State, 12 Detrmt, 19; Marquette, 0 Colmnbia, 20; Colgate, 17 Boston College, 33; AiAiint, 7 ^ Rice, 14; T^. Christian, 6 Pitt, 20; Penn State, 7 So. Methodist, 7; Baylor, 4
^anitone a
• Costs no morel
• Will add now life to your caucus olothes after a busy week-end I So get a fresh start
again with—-
SAHITONE CIJBAHIHG
Phone 3085
American
Wo Pick-Up and DeliveilSunday. November 24. 1940
fimdM
Italians Fleeing In Great
f\* J AiL n \ Riveters,3-0
Disorder^ Athens Reports
Ol^f icial Statistics
By DAVID M. NICHOL
SPECIAL RADIO
To The Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1940. The Chicago Daily News. Inc. Berlin, Nov. 23. — Gen. Ion Antonescu, Europe’s newest dictator and the head of the Rumanian state, signed on the dotted line today and linked his country’s future with that of the threepowered combination of Germany, Italy, and Japan. The protocol to which he put his signature, in the immense diplomatic reception room of the new Reich Chancellery, was essentially the same as that signed earlier this week by Hungary. - " - On the 27th day since the “parade to Athens” started the rout of the Italians caii be compared only to that which they suffered at Cap-
oretto during the World War. Greeks Take Entire Battalion The Greek occupation of Koritza
yesterday was followed by reports of more and more prisoners taken, including almost of the entire battalion of more than 600 men that was surrounded along the Argyrokastron road. Already the Greeks have captured more Italian artillery than their army possessed when the war began. It now appears that Fascist soldiers are reinvading Albania this time starting from the Greek frontier and leaving most of their weapons behind. The Italia,n withdrawal was so chaotic in many places that it is impossible for the Greek command to assemble complete lists of prisoners and booty.
Italian Air Force Vanishes During the last two days what
has been the most striking features has been the sudden retreat of Fascist aviation as well as infantry, particularly from the Koritza sector. The Italians strafed Greek troops on the heights outside Koritza with several hundred planes over last week-end. Then Royal Air Force fighters dashed to the spot and a single squadron downed ll Italian planes within 40 minutes. Since then, it is stated. Fascist planes have simply vanished from
that sector. *
Debaters'Conference Will Start December 6 The combined meeting of the first annual Indiana Student Legislative assembly and the eleventh annual high school debaters' Conference will be held at the University Friday and Satm-day, December 6 arid 7, according to an announcement received from P. E. Lull, director of the conference and member of the University’s speech department.
Give Youth Experience
The primary purpose of the conference is to give the youth of Indiana practical expei’ience in the
process of democracy.
A varied program including a mock legislative system that duplicates the regular bicameral system used in governing the United States, an intercollegiate debate between teams from the University of Michigan and the University, a special performance of “What A Life,” and the workings of WBAA have been
arranged for the visitors.
Elliott To Speak
Many excellent speakers and leaders including the following are scheduled to speak before the groups :~President-Er^Gr7ElliottHF^ H. Van Orman, former lieut. governor of Indiana; J. M. Knapp, speaker of the house of representatives of the Indiana state legislature; Fred Eichhorn, state senator for the last six years; Prof. A. Secord of the University of Michigan, director of the Michigan High School Forensic association; and Prof. E. C. Buehler, director of debate at the University of Kansas.
e.g.k..
NextWednesday . . . at six o’clock Ceres, agronomy and general agriculture frar ternity, will hold its fall, initiation banquet in the Home Economics Building. The banquet, an annual affair, is held in honor of the new initiates. Dr. Hadley of the mathematics department will speak on “The Art of Living.’-
(Continued from page 1) on a dry field, as Elward’s' charges held the Hoosiers to a negative nothing on nine attempts within the shadows of the Purdue goaljiosts, but as the day wore on, both teams began to become water-log-ged. Offensive drives melted at the line of scrimmage where blocking men and defensive opponents sank into heaps of flesh to hinder each other and the ball carriers, too. End runs, so brilliantly exemplified by Red Carter, Walt Cook, and John Petty on dry fields, were impossible, and sending light backs of the “pony” type into line plunging produced amateurish effects. Nothing To Crow About Nothing of interest happened during the first three quarters, but as the final quarter got under way Purdue fans got a chance to do their slight amount of cheering. Tex Smerke-had recovered a Hoosier fumble of Petty’s high punt near the close of the third quarter in smelling distance df pay-dirt, if you care to call thirty-two yards scenting distance. Three trys at the line netted eight yards; so Purdue decided to drive the Hoosiers back and wait for the “breaks” of the
game to develop.
“Breaks” began to flock in Purdue’s direction. An exchange of kicks was culminated with Galvin’s beautiful coffin corner boot with seyen minutes remaining in the game. Here the nervy Doloway, standing in the end-zone kicked the Hoosiers back out into the playing field with a nice 40 yard punt.
Whee, A Fight
Petty took a crack at center, and Emil Uremovich took a poke at Petty. The referees decided that the Hoosiers had used enough golden glove tricks; so the visitors were penalized 15 yards for slugging. Rankin’s famed end-around failed when the big Boilermaker allAmerican couldn’t stand while cutting around the end. Purdue kept “pounding~at"the Hoosier thirty yard line until John Galvin’s hay-wire pass was intercepted by Lewis on the Indiana 40 yard line and returned to the Purdue 40. Here Comes Cavalcade At this point, Indiana chose to send little Red Zimmer into the game. Zimmer, weighing 146 pounds, circled Purdue’s right end for two yards. Swihart fumbled and recovered for a two yard loss on
New Youth for Old Hats If your favorite hat has been taking a kick-ing-around thesp last few weeks, bring it to us. We’H clean it and reblock it so it looks like new!'The price? '
f I N E C L EAN E RS O F F I N E C L OTH E f
Deac Says Welcome Dads to Old Purdue Now is the time to get your son that marvelous KEUFFEL and ESSER New Slide that he has been wanting. He can't be on engineer without one of these slide rules. H. G. Reisner Book Store
First downs
PU . 6
lU 6
Net yards rushing .......
.102
80
Forwards attempted .....
- 3
8
Forwards completed
-• 0
3
Net yards forwards .....
. 0
23
Punts, number ...............
. 14
13
Punts, average ...............
.. 39.6
39
Yards punts returned ..
,. 47
61
Fumbles
. 5
3
Yards Lost on penalties
.. 16
15
the next play, but Zimmer again took the ball around Purdue’s right end for 4 yards. With “four-and-four” reading on the sign, Red Zimmer ran wide around Rankin’s end to the 19 yard line of Purdue before Rankin and Galvin caught up with the flying Hoosier to lift him from the newly ignited Hoosier interference which was now blocking with syncronized precision. Shucks, Fellows, A Score With the clock reading twentyfour seconds, Zimmer completed his devastating running by dashing straight across Purdue’s wide right end for no gain. At this point, 16 yards in from the side lines. Gene White placed, a perfect field goal through the goal posts and just barely over the cross bar to collect for the Hoosiers the hardest fought win of the entire lU-PU series. For a slight second, the ball appeared to lack the necessary oomph to make the distance, but White’s difficult assignment had been carried out to a “T,” and Purdue’s hopes of adding the first fourth “P” in succession to the Bucket vanished in foggy mist. Great Purdue Line Highlighting the Purdue attack was the graceful defensive play of Ted Axton, Tom Melton, Jim Miller, Bill Neff, and Pete Timperman. Axton’s beautiful tackling from the secondary was as pretty a sight as any witnessed on Ross-Ade stadium’s grass. Melton was in the Hoosier^ backfield so much that he appeared bent on setting up light housekeeping in that territory. The play of Dave Rankin was all-Ameri-
GLIPTON WEBB The famous actor, Clifton Webb, one of the favorites of metropolitan audiences, is coming to Lafayette to play the leading role in that highly successful comedy, “The Man Who Came to Dinner” which appears at the Mars afternoon and evening, Saturday, November 30. Frank G.Hockema . . . assistant to the president of the University, will leave tomorrow on a 30-day leave of absence tour for a special study under the auspices of the Carnegie Foundation. This constitutes the first half of his studies, the second to come next February when he will visit a number of western and southern ini stitutions.
can as he stopped cold runs at his end. For the fighting Hoosiers Archie Harris was the best at the defense department as was Emil Uremovich. Jim Miller turned in his usual unsung sixty-minute performance. Neff and Timperniian were also full-timers, and the way they covered .punts was terrorizing to Hal Hursh.
Frosh, Varsity Game Slated V/edneSday (Continued from page 1) " Wednesday night’s activities, the Reamers will challenge the Gipalets in a basketball game which in past years has really proved f» be a basketball game. No holds will be barred, and it W guaranteed that the inmates of any of the better known insane asylums could not stage a crazier exhibition. Results of last year’s GimletReamer fracas was a 2-0 scoreless tie with both teams coming out on the losing end. Although the game is likely to start with a conventional center jump with not more than six centers on either team, it is guaranteed that nothing occurring subsequently will in any way resemble any basketball game anyone hap ever seen before. Poker, Bridge . .. Poker, bridge and perhaps galloping dominos will in aU probability play parts in the outeome of Wednesday’s Gimlet-Reamer game. However, all this crackpot activity is for a worthy cause since the proceeds are to be given to the Intra mural department; all of which goes to show that an unjustifiable means' may be justified by a justifiable end. d.w.m. Playshop Ticket Orders
Mail orders for reserved seats for “What A Life,” second Playsbop production of the year will be filled Wednesday, November 27, according to an announcement made by John Dietrich yesterday. Dietrich went on to state that the box office in Fowler Hall will open Monday, December 2. “What A Life” is directed by Samuel Marks instead of Kenn Carmichael as was stated in Tuesday’s Exponent.
Follow All the LATEST WORLD WIDE CURRENT EVENTS
m
Purdue Exponent Chicago Daily News Foreign Service Complete World Interpretation Coverage
Subscribe Now New Reduced Rate — $2.25 Subscribe at Union West Desk
'■1 k'.'il
•H s •;