'' ’“, '• *'■ ■'’ '"!• ’* 1 *t‘ ■•'’,! -' ’■ '. ':: ‘'^;,’ iV '
i; ire V '*''
C4 i
k.-
<
iK ^ i ^
FENCING TEAM Loses Second Match Of Season To Chicago
MERRYGO-ROyNH Tells Of Need For Steel In 'Ersatz* Rubber Plants
Established 1889
Volume 55, No. 72
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, January 17, 1943
Boilermakers Topple Minnesota Gophers 49-42
Riveters Win Second Game Classes In MT 5 In Big Ten Conference Race t r. i s ■
To Start Again
Applicants Should Sign In Armory Immediately
Authorization has been received to include MT 5 in the EOTC program, according to an announcement received yesterday from the Military Department. All eligible applicants who are interested should apply during free hours in room 102 of the Armory beginning tomorrow at 8 a. m. to 5 p. m. and continuing through Tuesday. Students are warned to make use of their free hours as this
War Road School
\
Opens Next Week Prof. Petty To Head Three Day Program On Street Repairs Pointed toward the problems arising from wartime priorities and other restrictions, the twenty-ninth annual Ro4d School to be held at the University under the direction of the Civil Engineering School and Engineering Extension Department will open Monday morning, January 25, and continue until
Wednesday night of the same week.
The Road School is even more necessary this year than ip the past, according to Captain —
Playipg in Minneapolis last night the Boilermakers proved to be a first half team as well as a second half club as they set the favored Minnesota Gopher five down 49-42 to maintain
an undefeated standing in Big Ten competition.
An advantage in height gave the Riveters control over the backboards,-and this combined with some unusually accurate shooting gave t hem the margin of victory. The Boilermakers
were in control of the contest throughout!
Captain A1 Menke and Ed Ehlers continued to share the brunt of the Riveter scoring attack.
Ben H. Petty, who is a professor in the Civil School and in charge of the Road School. Captain Petty points out that there is a definite need for instructing road and street officials of the state in the possible methods of meeting and dealing with the war regulations of the government. This need is still further accentuated, since many new street and highway men took office on January 1. General As Well As Specialized Many of the discussions and ad-
dresses presented Juring the school ^se’nent, or gaining experience in wpl be of general as well as spe- ^<^vertising and would like to work
on a newspaper, be sure tp be there. Coeds especially are urged to attend this meeting because of the great opporunity for them to gain valuable business experience. Advertising Valuable Training Artistic ability is a valuable asset
Expo Business Staff Will Hold Callout
I
Tomorrow At 4 By Pat Richardson Tomorrow afternoon at 4 p. m. a callout for workers on the business staff of the Exponent will be held in Room 302 of the Union. If you are interested in business man-
cialized interest. A discussion on “How to Meet the Rubber Tire Shortage” will be given at 11 a.'m. Monday, with John T. Staker and Mark 0. Ward of the Goodrich Company as principal speakers. The entire session Tuesday afternoon will
be devoted to the presentation of' on the business staff for it is used
some activities of the Joint Highway Research Project, which is under the active direction of K. B.
Woods.
A iwdr supper will be held at 6:30 p. m. on Wednesday. Attendance at this supper should be particularly desirable as Governor Henry P. Schrickeriof the State of Indiana will probably be present. The main address will be given by Harold W. Richardson on “A Ti-ip Over the Alcan Highway”. This talk prom- ’ ises to be very interesting, as Richardson is the first man to travel over the entire 1600 miles of the recently completed coastal highway from Alaska down through Canada. His diary of this trip has already appeared in the Engineering News
Record.
Open To All
This school is open to all who are ihterested in road and sti’ect problems. There i.s no registration fee. Attendance for this year is anticipated at about 600. Last year, however, about 950 persons attended, and the year before over 1200, All county surveyors, road supervisors, and city engineers of the state must attend the scheduled sessions; and, consequently, have their expenses paid. A delegation is expected fiom the State Highway Commission.
in advertising, one of the most exciting jobs in business. Those coeds who are thinking of becoming exe(kitive secretaries should get much experience for working on advertising. Also it is a great opportunity to meet well-known businessmen
and people on’the campus.
The business staff is set up in the same fashion as those of nationallyknown newspapeis and is an example of big business on a smaller scale. Gerry Rlouman, coordinator of the three sections, circulation, accounts and advertising, is the
executive for this group. Circulation And Accounts
Circulation offers one an opportunity to learn selling techniques and also to put some of Dale Carnegie’s axioms in practice’. The circulation depaitment must make sure that the Exponent is delivered to every subscriber despite rain or sleet or snow. Without an efficient circulation department any paper would collapse, so it is impelative that responsible peisons control (See EXPO CALL-OUT, pi^ge 4)
YWCA Cabisief Holds Winter Retreat For
SAE Champs New Club Members
Bowl Against
Pillerettes
Pillerettes, sponsored by Doctor Miller of the Health Service, challenged Sigma Alpha Epsilon’s interfraternity championship bowling team to a match this afternoon at two o’clock on the Union bowling alleys. Miller has said that his coaching has brought this team to top lanking in Lafayette. The Pillerettes consist of Eva Williamson, Loretta Smith, Barbara Reynolds, Lauretta Miller, and Mary Faustich. The SAEs will make a change in line-up, necessitated by the absence of Dick Stackhouse, who is away from school for the week-end, and Glenn Stockmeier who is confined to the hospital with appendicitis. Their team will consi.st of Ray Schumacher, Fred Sheri iff, Charles Ilattery, Bob Stackhouse, and Frank Knutzen. Doc Miller will he the official scorekoopei, and has alieady challenged the winners of this match with a game against the mighty PiJlrollers.
Cabinet membeis of YWCA are holding their wintci retreat this week-end at the YWCA building in Lafayette. The cabinet, composed of the officers and representatives of the various committees, spent yesterday evening and are spending this morning together in an effort to become better acquainted with each othei and with real aims of
the organization.
The program includes a skit about the history of YWCA, a review of the progiess made last year and the formulation of a now sot of goals to he attained this year. It also will include plans for service during this time of war and plans for reconstruction in post-war days. An informal supper and breakfast
will ho served.
New caliinot numibers appointed at the end of last semester are as follows: Phyllis Baker, Lois Caldwell, Pat Chessman, Anna Mae Craig, Betty Ruth Drake, Marthena Dubois, Betiy Evans, Helen Freiich, ^Doiis Hahnenstein, Dona Mario Irion, Dana Mae Jolinson, Marion Ijafuze, Catheiitie Lentz, Margaret Meltzer, Mary Grace Minkler, Virginia Mitteiidoi f, Vivian Peteison, Janet Place/'"jano Packard, Lois Veit, and N/it'ma Wolf.
University Prohibits Road Trips Hockema, Miller Submit Protests Letters were mailed yesterday to the presidents of all social and honorary fraternities on the campus banning road trips during the current semester. The action was taken as the result of the finding's of a special committee formed to study matters of fraternity policy at the University. Joe Dawson On Committee The committee which decided that road trips should be prohibited this semester consisted of Dean Goldsmith, three other faculty members and Joe Dawson, president of the Fraternity Presidents’ Council. The decision was made after many complaints from Dr. Miller, head of-the Student Health Service,’ who stated that the effect that fraternity road trips have had on the health of students has always been bad, and that under the present increased load of steppedup schedules, the result of a road trip might have unusually bad effects on student health. Health Service Approves Action Both Dr. Miller and Frank flockema, assistant to President Elliott, have opposed the fraternity hazing systems which included road trips for several years, and the University has received letters from Lafayette citizens complaining about the practice. After considering the facts placed before them, the committee unanimously approved a motion to ban the trips. The action was approved by the President’s office and the Health Service. Any violations of the ruling will be reproted to the Executive Committee for proper action when they
occur.
Officials Ask Legislature For 7.5 Million Due to the increased costs of a Hn ec-semester-per-ycar plan of education here at the University, school officials have asked for a budget increase of $2,581,304 for the fiscal period 1943-1945 over the total appropriation for the years 1941-1943. The total .appropriation asked for the period is $7,591,304. C. Anderson Ketchum, state budget director, said that the I'eciuest would necessarily he cut before it was presented to the State Legislature for approval. According to informacion received by the budget committee both Indiana and this University will have about 2000 military students on their campuses by June. The Federal government will pay foi their training on a “cost plus” basis. j The University was the only one of the four state higher educational in.stitiitions that requested a major sum for building purposes. The building request was for additions to present campus structures, with the specific request by University officials that this money be set aside for liuildings to be built only in event that the war should end during the coming biennium and labor and materials wore available.
each sending seven shots into' the hoop from the floor. Ehlers scored four times from the foul line for a total of 18 points while Menke sank only one free throw for a total of 15 markers. Windmiller, Gopher forward, was the big gun in the Minneapolis attack, getting IS*points in tiie same way that Menke did. Brewster got nine points while playing at guard for the Gophers. Action started in the second half with the Boilermakers sporting a 32 to 12 lead, which Minnesota immediately attempted.‘i to cut down. After the Gophers dpened the second half scoring, the/ Riveters went to work and iPun up' twelve points while holding Minnesota to four points. This brought the score up to 44-26 in the Boilermaker’s favor. A rally in the closing minutes was cut short, and the Riveters eased out a seven point victory, 49-42. These same two teams will tangle again tomorrow night in the second half of the twin-bill, under the new transportation saving schedule.
The line-ups:
PURDUE FG FT PF TP Kennedy, f. 0 111 Friend, f. . 10 3 2 Brower, f 2 1 1 5 Menke, c. - • ^ 1 2 15 Lawson, g 2 2 2 6 Ehlers, g. .. .. 7 4 4 18 Morris, g 0 2 12
Totals
... 19 11 14 49
MINNESOTA
FG
Windmiller, f. .
7
Rullison, f. . .
. 0
Larson, f. ..
. .. 0
Lind, c.
2
Nelson, c.
.. 0
Brewster, g.
.. .. 3
Exel, g.
.. 2
Epp, g.
. 1
Totals
. 15
Score at half:
Purdue,
sota, 22,
Beese Announces New Series Of War Training Programs In announcing a new series of war ti aining classes for men and women in Lafayette, Professor C. W. Beese, director of the War Training Program here, stated, “Women today face a vital and important role in the war effort. Women and older men must fill the ranks where younger men have been called to service. Never before have they been asked to give so much of their time, energy, and. loyalty to a task so important as that of helping to win the war.” Begin Wednesday War training classes will start Wednesday, January 20, 7 p. m., in room 101 of the Michael Golden shops. Men and women of high school education or equivalent industiial experience are qualified for most of these courses. Courses will include: Direct and altci nating currents and machinery, electrical measurements, engineering drawing, fundamentals of engineering drawing, motion and time study, advanced motion and time study, industrial safety engineering, production engineering 2, precision measuiements in machine industry, engineering machines and processes, elementary production metallurgy, metallurgy of aluminum, engineering physics, applied spectroscopy, engineering general chemistry, and applied engineering math for the machine industry. This ti aining is free to the trainee except for textbooks. For further information, call the War Training office, phone 5034 or 7311.
Lochner To Speak At Convo Correspondent Replaces Author Louis P. Lochner, for fourteen years head of the Berlin Bureau of the Associated Press and an outstanding newspaper correspondent, will speak in the Music Hall Friday, January 22, at 7:30 p. m. at a regularly scheduled convocation. His subject is “What about Germany?” Mr. Lochner replaces Frederic Prokosch, author and lecturer, who was to have lectured on Lisbon. Mr. Prokosch has joined the ai’med forces and has had to cancel all lecture engagements. Speaks With Authority Mr. Lochner will be able to speak with authority on Germany. From his long residence in Germany he has mastered the language, knows the people and the country. He has travelled all over Europe and interviewed the great and the near great in a majority of the European nations. When the war broke out, he was first to report Germany’s invasion 'of ^’oland, Finland, and the Union of Soviet Socialists Republics. He described the German march through Athens, and was in Paris when the French capitulated to the Germans. He was five miles from Dunkerque when it was bombarded and fell. When Germany declared war on the United States, Mr. Lochner was arrested. After a three day imprisonment he was interned in a prison-hotel for five months with 138 diplomatic representatives and newspapermen of this country. He became dean of a university-in-exile, conducting a mixed^ chorus and giving lectures on American history and the Constitution. Received Pulitzer Prize In 1938 Mr. Lochner received the Pulitzer Prize for the best example of foreign correspondent’s work when he foretold the collapse of Czecho - Slovakia, the fates of Sudetenland, Bohemia, Morovia, and Slovakia. Admission to the convo will be by passport, season ticliet, or single admission tickets purchasable for 55 cents including tax. Service men in uniform will be admitted free. Doors will open at 7 p. m. Post-War Essay May Win $50 In an attempt to encourage the young people of Ameiica to think about the kind of world that they want after the war, the Youth Committee for Democracy, an organization of progressive youqg people, is offering a prize oJ* $50 for the best essay on the subject, “The Peace Aims of Young Amer-
ica.”
Essays on the subject may be written by any person between the ages of 16 and 25, and must be no longer than 2600 words. Manuscripts are due at the Youth Committee office, 112 East 19th St., New York City, by April 1, 1943. The essays should be definite in suggestions for a post-war world, and they must include solutions for the many and varied domestic and international problems that will arise after this war. '
Dr. Floyd Reeves Talks At Teachers' Conference Here
is not an acceptable excuse for
class cutting.
During the Christmas vacation, the Military Department was notified that there would be no classes for MT 5 students during the present semester. This order has now been rescinded and
Highlighting a two day confer- classes will be conducted as usual ence. Dr. Floyd W. Reeves, of the with five hours of instruction being University of Chicago, spoke before scheduled per week. Since a ne'W’ approximately 50 high school super- schedule of military classes is beintendents and principals of the ing arranged, MT 5 students are state last night. These men gath- urged to come to the Armory first ered here yesterday at the invita- and arrange their schedules. Other tion of the Division of Education necessary instructions fOr changing and Applied Psychology in order to schedules will be given at Hie Armdiscuss the problems confronting ,oi-y. ^ ^ *
the secondary*schooIs during war- Eligibles
time.
„ , Following is a list of the students General Education , ^ t ui ^ i. j i Ti»m
who are eligible to schedule the MT
Dr. Reeves pointed out the neces- 5 classes. The twenty names p?esity of giving our young people ceded by an asterisk are the stubelow the age of 18 not only as dents who have been selected for much general education as possible. Ordnance. Others may be selected but also training them for some for Ordnance if all of the twenty sort of work that will contribute selected do not enter ordnance
to the war effort, whether that training.
training be for the armed services t tt-ia%
... , L. D. Acheson, Jr., J. F. Acker-
or essential industries. He also j^an, E. S. Agni, H. W. Ahlbrand. urged continuous high school in- Alexander*, H. E. Allen. R. E. “ir Anderson, E. R. Andreotti, R. S.
Bair, W. G. Bair, J. W. Baldwin,
program
Regarding the post war situation, he said: “After the war is won we’ll have from two to thi’ee million men returning to complete their formal education besides those
E. E. Ballard, W. M. Ballard, Jr., R. G. Barnes, G. M. Bart^ge%W. F. Batman*, P. W. Berg, P. A. Blakely, N. G. Boatright, T. B. Bodimer,
, .,, , . J. R. Bornor, E. D. Boston, J. S. who will have grown up in the „ • -oti-d i-a ,. i n n . Brosier, G. E. Bower, R. F. Bucholz, ■moorTTimo anri nnllarrrkc- Ka •' '
meantime and our colleges will be called upon as never before to provide the training so badly needed
and desired.”
Round-Table Discussion
At the round-table discussion
K. S. Burnside, R. S. Buzard, G. W,
Byers.
R. A. Call, L. N. Carmichael, J. L. Cartmell, S. L. Chapin, Jr., M. M. Cheney, R. J. Childs, J. B. Christine,
. , . J. W. Clark, M. L. Clouser, Ray-
yesterday afternoon, problems of jni, . 1 , mond Cohen*, R. L. Collister, R. E.
adjusting public schools to the war j th aa .-i t ,
., , . Condo, F. M. Cooper, Jake Coyner,
program were considered. Among t tr 1-. a >. . , 1 J. , ^ Jr., H. E. Crom, A. G. Cummings, the problems discussed were co- ,0 ...
operation in the Victory Corps program; acceleration of students toward graduation; maintenance of moiale in the high schools; psychological preparation for army service of those students in the high schools who are now subject to call; and extra curricular activities, and types of war work that may be done by high schools. These forums
were conducted by John R. Barnes, clarification of the Army assistant superintendent of schools, Specialized Training Program perGrosse Pointe, Michigan, and Paul Gaining to the Enlisted Reserves, Rehmus, superintendent of schools, announced
Lakewood, Ohio.
On the credit side to date are
the accomplishment of expansion Air Corps
'of courses in essential fields with new courses being stressed to fit
Air Corps Reserve No Longer Under ERC Call Classification
that the Air Corps Reserve would be called at the discretion of the
, , , Heretofore it was believed tb»ti the students for work in line with ^^0 Air Corps Reserve fell under
the needs of their localities. Near-
ly all of the school men also reported great expansion of summer
Coed Rifle Club Holds Tryouts
Tomorrow
the same classification as the ERC. If this were true, they would be
. , deferred under the Army Specialcourses with new summer terms in Training Program which Stipmany sc 00 s. ulated that a registrant in training
and preparation in one of the Engineering Fields after the completion of his' first academic year in an accredited University and thereafter, if he remain a full-time student in good standing, if he continues to maintain good scholastic standing, and if it is certified by the institution that he gives prom-
Tomorrow evening all girls de- ise of successful completion of such siring to try out for a position on course of study, would be deferred the coed riflery team will report to for the completion of that course, the basement floor of the Women’s Fuller Announces Gym at 6:30. To be eligible for the Colonel A. L. Fuller, chief, RQTC team the girl must have competed Section of Fifth Service Command, on house or hall teams for intra- announced “The Army Specialized mural competition last semester. Training Program does not includa The trying-out peiiod will last two the Air Corps Reserve. A student week with shooting at least three who is a member of the Air Corpa nights a week. At the end of this Enlisted Reserve will be called to period the ten best marksmen will active duty at the discretion of tl^e be selected from each class to rep- Air Corps and at such time as ho resent their class in the local com- can immediately be assigned, W petition which will begin Feb. 1. training.”mj'M'-i'. 4:
Purdu§ Exponent
'"SurMy, January ,17,
Ml-'
Purdue Exponent
Offices: Editorial and Business Putdirii; Meniorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports,. Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editoriai Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
fiditor...,. Bpriness Manager... New* Editor Managins: Editor Sintibr AdVevtlkftiit Sfenneet. BSihir.. CSed Eflrtot..,..,....:;......-.:.;'..:...' Coed Bu.sinoas Eaecotive
WItliani G. Hoskins . Gerhard H. Klonman ..Robert W. Boswinklc Dale E. Bntz Jhmcs C. Pstiy Joseph S. Dawson Sally Beall A. Jane Keim
Publication Staff ■ Editorial Siali' Associate Editors: B. .1. Oaylor. J. T. Hichard.siin, L. Tilton, W. H. Tyson,, W. L. Vermilion. M. U emith, G. C. Martin- ' dell, E. Mritpliy. Goed Sthff: Phyllis Mann, Martha Lee RigBS, Cnrolyti/Wilbltr, Elaine Ahrens. Sports Staff: C. Sowards, J. Ackerman, D. Shryer, R. Smith.
Business Staff
Asristant Advertising Manager: .1. Filpi. Advertising Managers: J. Flexon, C. Gaunt, J. McCullough, J. Tabb. ,. . Circulation Managers: W. Rocktenwald and R, KrOcpHnl Accounts Manager: Mary^.Dilts. ,,
Editor-in-chief..
The Purdue Independent
..Bert Souicr
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Vermilion, Is.sue Editor: Ahbctt Day Editor: Ford Sports Editor: Shryer Reporters: Yargar, ,Slcphensou,. Speck, Edmondson, Winslov/, Tuttle, Craig.
Entered a.s second cla.es matter .at’ the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1873, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108. net of Oetoberi 3, 1317, authorized .Tnnutiry 20, 1922. Puhlishcd on Tuesday. Thursday, Friday and Sunday morhlngs during the year.' Delivered locally' By carrier' for. $1.7i> for .a semester or $3.00 for. two semesters; by mall for $2.00 for a semester or $3.50 for two semesters.
mesier or lor iwo semesters. > Represented for national advertising liy National Advertising Service, Ine., College Publishei-s Representatives, 420 Madison Ave;, NeW York. N. Y. .
Or Opera?
When an executive wants a job done which requires a certain amount of constant effort along a certain line, he usually appoints a-cdm-fnittee. When Committees exert certain amounts of effort usually some individuals applaud them and some definitely hiss and boo. Those who applaud usually don’t make much noise. They are happy with the committee.’s work, but they accept it as part of the committee’s duty. Those who hiss and boo make much noise. They write lettersto editors and they say they don’t see why such dull citizens are appointed to Committees. The convocation committee, receiving its ^ full share of criticism, most of it typically uiienthusiastic, is typical of most committees. Students not particularly enjoying the so ,called “cultural program” the committee arranges, criticize almost constantly the policy of the convocation committee. “Three swing bands”, they shout, “can be hired for the same amount of money as one opera, and the students would enjoy it much more” which is partly true. However, there are many students who enjoy the operas, ballets and symphonies. The. number of these students are underestimated for they typically don’t make much noise and are dwarfed along side of those who shout about the wrong-doing of the convocation committee. Certainly the work of the convocation committee is one of the greatest services on the campus. The student coming from a rural district whei'e he doesn’t have the opportunity to see and hear the great performers, and the student coming from a large city wkPere he must pay high prices and exert much more effort than a walk to the Music Hall, certainly are receiving a greater return for their nine dollar convocation fee than they will ever receive for a similar amount of money in their life. But it is not the greatness of the performers or the bargain they are getting to hear them that the criticizers shout about. They admit both of these. The critics complain that what they want is enjoyment and they are not getting it by li.stening to a symphony for an hour. These students will have to take it from those on the campus who should know, who say that if they attend the appearance.s of these artists and succeed in developing at least an admittance thatthere might be .something in this good music after all, their taste Will be improved. These same people say that the enjoyment one gets from hearing good music after they have developed a taste for it is many times the thrill of seeing and hearing a swing band in action.. It might not he a bad idea to string along with Professor Gunn and his convocation committee, which by the way is composed of six members of the faculty and four students. —r.w.b.
SsJwksL SiJiipsA.
Johiif D. Lynch, |r.
^ Vi ■ I't' ■
Navy Changes Ship Design To Obtain More Fire Protection, Finds Even Steef Ships Btirn
-Due in part to the fact that the
7:00 P.M.
WASHINGTON-
U. S. Navy had not had opportunity to profit from the experience of engaging in any major naval battles between 1812 and 1942, some of our biggest and fastest ships now under construction are bping revised. ; The main factor being changed in, the blueprihts is extra precaution against fire. This is the lesson learned from the aircraft carriers Wasp and Lexington,, and the cruiser Boise,-all swept by fire after the direct damage of battle. — Since then the Bureau of Ships haa made a study of fire hazards, finding that even art all-steel vessel can be sVept by fire when tremeftdous heat is engendered, as frorti exploding shells and burnirtg oil, and
gasoline.
New plans call for elimination of linoleum flooring, substitution of spurt glass for cork in irtsulatibrt, decrease in paint, and elimination of interior woodwork. Also, there will be larger fire hose and better fire fighting equipment generally. " Navy hopes to put an epd to the grief of losing ships by fire after they have survived the battle. Note: In the War of 1812, fire wa.s a real hazard to wooden ships. But in the Civil War the only real engagement Was between the Montior and Merrimae which were not much bigger than modern escort vessels. In the Spani.sli-American Whr, there were no real naval battles and only one life was lost at Santiago, when an American sailor fell down a hatch on tlie Texas. In the World War, (he U. ,S. Navy got in too late to participate in any naval activities other tliaii^convoy work. •^Warning On Rubber ■' Rubber Director William Jeffers startled the nation last week by warning that unless he got steel for the gigantic new synthetic rubber factories the nation would face a military catastrophe and collapse of its transportation system. Almost the same warning came six months before from the WASHINGTON MERRY-GG-ROUNI). As early as July 13 Drew Pearson reported that “not even Roosevelt himself” knew of the “31 .synthetic rubber plants c6ntracted for by Jesse Jones with the Standard Oil of New Jersey group, not a single plant is much beyond the blueprint stage and they will not be finished and working until around 1944. These 31 big new rubber plants will require tons of steel,” Pearson reported, “and would take around 18 to 20 months to build evdn in normal times when steel is easy to. get.”' ' , Pearson’s warning came not only six months before Jeffers announced the same facts but two months before the Baruch report, apparently not heeding these facts, froze the Jones plan to build gigantic new rubber plants. Pearson also warned last July that the nation would get only a driblet of rubber if the Jones plan was continued, but predicted that rubber could be secured if small oil refineries were converted immediately and if the rubber program was diversified among the alcohol and houdray processes. • Wrong Way Rubib er Czar
Umversity Caleiidai* Sunday, January 17
.j
Lutheran League Meeting.:..I Room 307; Union Monday, January 18 Associated Women Student.s...... Room 366, Union Delta Gamma Banquet .W. Facility Lge., Union Univ. Club—Dancing, Cards and Blusic South Ballroom, Union Tuesday, January 19 Chi’istian Foundation Board Room 212, Union Purdue Aeronautics Dinner Room 334, Union Undergraduate Dames Open House..E. Recept. Room, Union Purdue Aeronautics Corp E- Faculty Lge., UiV°y , Social, Science Seminar W. Faculty Lge.j Unipn - Christian Science Room 302, Union Alpha Phi Omega Meeting Room 307, Unioni Wednesday, January 20 Debris Call Out .......... Room 36.3, Union ■ ' '' Board of Trustees 1..,. .Rooms 332, 334, Union Thursday, January 21 Screen Review Hall of Music ' Naval Graduation Dinner ....North Ballroom, Union Phi Delta Kappa..... ,...Rooms 332, 334, Union
‘Flu’oroscope, X-rays and other scientific devices are all right —but his using that lie detector on me was an insult.”
Problems For Fun
To facilitate their considoration, solutions should be .submitted on .separate signed sheets, befoi'e 4;30 p. m. Friday of the week after the posting of the problem. Include with each solution a signed statement that the solution was obtained unassisted. Solutions are to be handed in at the Mathematics Office.
SOLUTION OF PROBLEM 1: The majority of solutions presented involved four simultaneous linear equations in, four unknowns. One solution involving only one unknown deserves special notice. Harold Emmons presented the following solution: When I Was born, my sister was V4 as old as my mother. She is now hi as old as father. In 4 years I shall be as old as father. I am now 14 as old as mother* How old is each member of the family ? Solution: Let the present ago of fatherX. Let the present age of sister = x/3. Then my present age = x/4 — 3. Then the present age of mother = X—^12. Note: My present age was determined from: “In 4 years I shall be 14 as old as father.” ' Let z = my pi'esent age, ' z +.4 ■ '1 ■ Then = — z = x/4—, 3. X + 4 ’ 4 Equation: “When I was born, my sister was VI as old as my mother.” (yUx—(14)x + 3 1 (l/12)x + 3
NOW SHOWING A SMASH Hit-
tSCREEN SENSATION OF SENSAtiONSL From the book, that shocked the world^ Gregor Ziemers^'emCAnONFOftUEATU'
With
, BONIIA GRANVILLE
KEKT SMITH, OTTO KRUGER
I.WARNERr
Added Joy — Walt Disney Cartoon HOW TO FISH
ADMiSSrON
Nights and Sunday 35c Week-Day Matinees 25e Children lOc Pliisf Tin
The other day, Mrs. Harold Walker, mother of Democratic glamor gh'l Evie Robert, was getting into the elevator on an upper floor of the Mayflower Hotel. While waiting, a distinguished looking gentleman came up and also punched the elevator button. The elevator door opened and the operator said: “Up or down?” “Down,” chorused both Mrs. Walker and the gentleman, “Well, who rang up?” asked the operator. “I didn’t ring up,” chorused both prospective passengers. Someone rang lip,” said the operatoi'. Both passengers got in, and the elevator proceeded down. “You know,” mused the di.stinguished gentleman, “maybe I did press that up button., I’m always doing the wrong thing in Washington. If I were just hack in Omaha . ..” he half moaned, “but in Washington— everything goes wrong,” • Mail Man Walker
X —12—Vix + 3 4 3 (%)x —9, . Clearing of fractions:. (% ) x ,— 9 = (V.i) x ^— 12. X, or father’s present age = 60 2/6 years. ('/t)x, or sister’s present age = 16 4/5 years. X— 12, or mother’s present age = 38 2/5 years. ( V4)x — 3, or my present age = 9 3/5 year's.
PROBLEM 2:
Mr. X, a suburbanite, catches the 6 o’clock train for home daily and is met at his station by his chauffeur. One day he took the 4 o’clock train. On-arriving at his station he decided to start walking for home without phoning for his chauffeur. His chauffeur started for the station at the cu-stomary time, met Mr. X on the way and returned home with him. They arrived home twenty minutes before their usual time, flow long (lid Mr. X walk?
T. K. Cowden
... former University student, i.s training to become an Army Air Force bombardier. Cadet Lynch, 26, is the son ol ?4i'. and Mrs. John D. Lynch of .Jeffersonville. Before joining the aimed force.s, he wa.s a teacher in the Rockport High School. He is stationed at Ellington Field, Tex.
Lt. Wilfiam Caffahan
. . . recently received his cominission as a second lieutenant in the Army Air Corps, and is now' sta^'Uojied at the Wainer Rohins Army Air Depot at Eobins Field.
From a political point of view, the President has one fault to find with his old friend Postmaster General Frank Walker: Frank loves to carry the mail. He has fallen in love with the Post Office Department, and doesn’t relish polities anymore. He even talks about his Department in cabinet meetings, OiK? day when a Budget Bureau official was cheeking over various government departments at the W'hite House he told the President what an interest Walker wa.s taking in the Post Office and how it wa.s one of the best run agencies in Washington. “You know,” mu.sed the President, “hi all the eight years Jim Farley was in (he Cabinet I remember only once that he ever talked about the Post Office in Cabinet meeting.” Privately, Frank Walker doesn’t agree with the President about Jim Frtrley, and thinks that Jim’s work is one reason why the Post OHice is running so smoothly today. However, there is no question but that Walker has done an outstanding job. When you consider the shortage of manpower, the drain of fhe draff on iiostal employees, the difficulty of gclting Army trucks fo .supplement ntail delivepy, it is a miracle that the mails came through as Wey did. To meet the Christmas rush, Walker first wa.s farsighted enough to get the soldiers’ mail out of the way early. Working with Maj. Gen. Jim Ulion, the Army’.s efficient Adjutant General, Walker moved most of the overseas mail before November. At one time in October soldiers’ and sailors’ mail was clearing through the New York post office at the rate of 250.000 pieces daily, compared to a normal of about 26.000 pieces. Then during the domestic Christmas season, Walker .hired thousands of high school and college boys, home on vacation. Some of them didn’t pan out, and there were two or tliTce caso.s wliei'e emergency carriers got tired and destroyed their mail. But these were the case.s which got publicity. Getting no publicity were the millions of othei' eases where the mail came through. Frank Walker takes great pride in thi.s achievement, and this i.s one reason he has been so reluctant to become Chairman of the Democratic National Committee. However, if FDR puts the screws qn him hard enough, Frank will take the job. Ho lias always been loyal to “The Boss.” " .
... of the University Agricultural Economies Department was in Philadelphia Thursday, Friday and.yesterday . advising with the market milk administrator there on the price conti'ol problems in the Philadelphia area.
LUMA
TODAY and TOMORROW
ARC
TODAY and MONDAY
William HOLDEN Frances DEE A COLUMBIA PICTURE
“MARCH OF TIME" “CARRY OVER" “POFEYE" CARTOON
FUNNIEST PICTURE EVER MADE!
Roar with Red ... as the crime-buster who faints
at the word “murder!”. He’s chasing clues and Southern belies now . . ^ you’ve never laughed so hard at a movie in all your life!
Red SKELTON
The Piefure'fhat Hilariously^^ Di Tops " Whisfling In The Dark'
WHISTLING IN DIXIE
w»5 ANN RUTHERFORD • GEORGE BANCROFT GUY KIBBEE • DIANA LEWIS • PETER WHITNEY Directed by S. Sylvan Simon Produced by George Hdighl
MARI HOW PLMIlie
t: JACK OAKIt
CAMMV IfGVC anohis OfllTHTl I and SWAT Aflit ORCHtSlRA
SECOND HIT
WOMEN ARE STRANCE LITTLE BEASTS'
O W P L A Y I N G — BUY WAR BONDS AND STAMPS AT THIS TH6ATRE'I f
January 17. 1943
BoUejCff^^MeK: SjfQris
pdgi i tiMHMilii|iwiliNa<*l»'
|q-WesYern Cqlleges Prepare For Mat Tilts
With the winter sports program in' full swing the wrestling teams of tl^e midwesterii colleges are drilling their grapplers into shape for the 'antiual grind. Another strong* wrestling team is in prospect at Michij^dn State College. Twice runner-up to Oklahoma A, & M, for the national championship', the Spartans should' give the western Aggies andiher’ hard chase for the coveted hpnors. Jatinifigs Brothers ’,.At the moment Coach Fendley Oollins. has only, two of his three national champions in the fold, lifetle Jennings, two-time winner of the 121 pound N. C. A. A. crown, is at the Jseak of his form add Bill Sfa^\tell, 136 pound title holder, is also ready for action. Burl Jennings, Merle’S twin, the 128-pound title holder, is out of action due to art opei’ati^n he underwent last fall. For the dual meet season, the Spartans will shuffle around to form a,stronger teamv Merle Jennings is to Wrestle at 128 pounds, leaving the 121 pound spot to Herbie Thompson, ,a minor letter winner from Bristow, Okla. Jennings’ vm^ tory in the final match last year ' art extremely close one over Mickey MacDonald of Pufcfue, in itofiich the, Spartan eked oift a 3-2 edge o'ver the Boilermaker. ^ Michigan Next i "The Spartans’ next opponent will be their arch-rivals from Ann Arbor. Led by Captain Manley Johnson, Big Ten title holder at 145 pounds, Michigan’s grapplers will Sepk their first win in throe years oyer Michigan State at East Lan- ■ sirtg. The Wolverines overpowered the Detroit Y. M. C. A. team earlier this week 34-0 in the first competitive appearance of the year for Coach Ray Courtright’s squad. Johnson was the standout of the meet, pinning Walter Reid, state Y: M. C. A. champion, in twb minutes and one .second. * Illinois AlWay.s Tough Grappling reports from the lllini sti’onghold tell of Wrestling Coach Hek Kenney starting his 15th year as head mentor of the Orange and
Blue grunt and groan men. Kenney sent his charges against Northwestei*n yesterday in opening up a sixmeet' schedule. Unbeaten in eight dual meets last season, the lllini squad Was riddled by graduation and' calls to sei'vice. Thus, Coach Kenney’s rebuilt team is expected to boast a lineup composed of four junior lettermen, two sophomores, and two seniors. Ed Bernardoni and Bob Hughes are expected to get the calls in the 12l and 128 pound classes, respectively. Heavier Weights The 130, and 145 pounders will be represented by the only two seniors on the squad, Dick Romersberger and Louis Christen. A fight for the 155 pound role is looming between Roland Rayburn and Stanley Lee, while Kirk Perry of Chicago seems to have the 165 pound berth at present. In the heavier brackets, John Hayes gets the call in the 176 pound division and the heavyweight slot is to be handled by either Alex Agase or Bob Wilson. The chief losses from Illinois’ teapi of last year ai*e Captain Ted Seabrooke and Captain-elect Norm ’'‘^rtthonisen. Big Ten champions at 155 and 165; Earl Thompson, 145; Alex Aloia, 186; Irving Kagen, 118, and Bill Tomaras, 121. Yesterday’s meeting with the Wildcats marked the first time since 1934 that the matmen from the two schoohs have met in a regularly scheduled contest. At that meeting*, the men from the lllini defeated the Wildcats 26-3. With a newly-appointed coach at the helm, the University of Wisconsin wrestling team also opened its season yesterday agaimst Minnesota. The new coach, John Roberts, was twice Western Conference champion and came through nine bouts last year with a clean slate. Roberts does not expect calls to the colors at the end of this semester to cut too deeply into the ranks of his matmen because four of his key graplers are in the reserves and since the candidates for the remaining positions are quite evenly matched, the toll there will be quantitative rather than qualitative. ,
Boilermaker Fencers Dlopi!f40e(isioMTo Chicago Swordsmen
Duelers from the University of Chicago handed the inexperienced Boilermaker fencers tlieir second defeat of the season by the score of 21-6 here yesterday afternoon. The Maroons took an early lead in the meet by capturing the first two bouts in the foil division before Aaron Kaufman, the Boilermaker
Friday evening some 50 varsity and freshman trackmen together vyith broke through and scored
'the student track managers met in the Fieldhousc and formed the Spiked first point
Shoe Club—an honorary organization whose chief purpose will be to ,pbe Boilermaker team was led by promote more interest in the cinder sport, particularly here at the Um- Kaufman who scored victories in versity. This newly-formed club will be run on the same order as are the ^bree of his six bouts. Other points Dolphin and Silver Mask groups . . . qualified candidates will be pledged, registered by Rosen, Thiele and following a short period of pledgeship will be initiated into the club. Larson. Kaufman made two Kinder Elected President points in epee and one in foil. Rosen - Fred-Kinder, a senior member of both track and cross country teams, uiade his only point in foil while was elected president; Dick Quick, junior manager, secretary; George ThielC came through with a point Archer, varsity quarter miler, was chosen director of finance, and Kenny/the saber. Larson also scored Lynch, cross country man and varsity miler, was elected director of t>is mark in saber division,
publicity. An executive committee made up of these officers, the coaches, senior managers, and the track and cross country captains will handle
all the affairs of the organization.
^ Rules And Future Ptens Discussed Plans for the activities of the club and also rules of eligibility for membership were discussed to a great extent . . . tentative plans were announced and arrangements begun to sponsor a dance in the Union some time in March ... receipts, if any, will be used to finance further activities
of the club.
P|iilli|>s Plans Relay For Merch tf The UniveifeitY will sponsor an indoor relay meet here Oil Saturday, March 27, with Hermon Phillips, Boilermalc^ir fe'ack coach, serving as director of the event, it was announced here today by Guy Mackey, athletic director. Pointing out that both the Butler and Illinois Relays have been cancelled, Mackey said, “Our decusion to sponsor an in- — door relay meet was pronipted
IP- Enthusiastic About Club's Future All of the fellows at the meeting seemed mighty enthusiastic and optimistic about the future of the organization . . . we would like to offer our heartiest congratulations to the officers elected and sincerely hope that the club as a unit will be successful in its effort to increase the interest in track here, both from the points of view of the spectators and of the trackmen themselves. ► Lot’S Of Activity Yestei’day afternoon in the Fieldhouse, we witnessed one of the most v'aried schedule of sports exhibitions seen around here in a long time. First off there was the fencing meet with the strong Chicago team . . . if there is a tougher team in the Big Ten, we would be willing to go a long ways to see it. Sta^'ting at 3:30 was the freshman-varsity track meet. At the same time Dick Papenguth was having an inter-'squad swimming meet in the pool. To top it off, the freshman basketball squad under Coach Dutch Fehring was playing a regulation inter-squad game ,on the big floor.
INTRAMURALS
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
BASKETBALL Monday, January 18 Cary Hall Court 3—Nat Laskin Unit 2 vs. Unit 6. Unit 3 vs. Unit 4. Unit 5 vs. Unit 7.
Ward
Court 3—Nat Laskin Ward lA vs. Ward 1. Court 4—Burghardt-Mignin 7:00 Ward 3 vs. Ward 2. 7:15 Ward 11 vs. Ward 6. 8:10 Ward 21 vs. Ward 13. 8:25 AVard 25 vs. Ward 22.
The following Fraternities will report to the Ping Pong Room at
4:00 Monday evening, Ja'nuary 18, 2; Dragstedt (C) 3, Rosen (P) 2;
Chicago was led by Cohen who was victorious in all six of his bouts. Captain Sieve!', of the Chicago team, won five of his matches. Other members of the Chicago team included Goldwasser, Lossy, Rifas,
and Dragstedt.
Chicago defeated Notre Dame by the score of 17-10 in a recent meet. Notre Dame slashed out a 19-8 victory over the Boilermakers in the latter part of last year. The Riveters lacked experience in the foil and epee divisions. Several members of the team fenced for the first time with a weapon with which they
were not very familiar.
The results of yesterday’s meet
are as follows:
Foil: Cohen (C) 5, Rosen (P) 0; Siever (C) 5, Bryant (P) 3; Goldwasser (C) 3, Kaufman (P) 5; Cohen 5, Bryant 0; Siever 5, Kaufman 4; Goldwasser 2, Rosen 5; Cohen 5, Kaufman 1; Lossy 5, Rosen 4; Goldwasser 5, Bryant 2. Sabei: Siever (C) 6, Thiele (P) 3; Cohen (C) 5, Greene (P) 1; Dragstedt (C) 2, Larson (P) 5; Siever 6, Greene 1; Cbhen 5, Larson 3; Diag'stedt 3, Thiele 5; Siever 5, Lai son 1; Cohen 5, Thiele 2; Drag-
stedt 5, Greene 3.
Epee: Rifas (C) 3, Kaufman (P)
7:00 7:15 8:10
8:25
for the play-offs:
Alpha Chi Rho vs. Acacia. Sigma Chi vs. Tau Epsilon Phi.
We have a proposition to offer you— We will give you some valuable experience in selling advertisements, if you will give us a little of your time and energy. ?Cojiv aJbojuL it? EXPONENT BUSINESS STAFF Call-Out—Monday ■
There will be another practice round for Fraternity Squash beginning Tuesday evening. The following teams will practice Tuesday
evening". Court 1
Alpha Kappa Lambda. Delta Chi. Phi Kappa Psi.
Court 2 Acacia.
Phi Delta Theta. Phi Kappa Tau.
Court 3
Alpha Tau Omega. Phi Kappa. Phi Sigma Kappa.
6:45 7:30 8:15 6:45 7:30 8:15 6:45 7:.30 8:15
Lossy (C) 3, Schrader (P) 1; Rifas 3, Rosen 0; Dragstedt 3, Schrader 1; Lossy 2, Kaufman 3; Rifas 3, Schrader 2; Dragstedt 2, Kaufman 3; Lossy 3, Rosen 0. Triton Club Holds Meeting All women interested in swimming are invited to attend the open meeting of the Triton club to be held Tuesday evening at 7:16 in Memorial Gym. At this time several ballets will be presented by the members of the club, after which there will be a demonstration of the various types of sti okes used in swimming.
Get Your Exponent Subscription at the West Desk of Union Anytime!
Be ThriftyLET ES no YOUR SHOE REPAIflIlVIG
BOSSUIC SHOE REPAIR
221 State
Phone 2240
W. Lafayette
Lowery Takes Taube's Place i J > with Net Squad Emmett Lowery, former Boilermaker three-sport star who returned to the University last fall as head freshman football coach, has been given the added duties of acting assistant varsity basketball coach, it was announced today by puy Mackey, athletic director. Lowery will fill the vacancy created by the loss of Mel Taube, who was commissioned as a lieutenant in the Navy recently and is now in training at Chapel Hill, N. C. Lowery, a former star at Technical high school, Indianapolis, should feel perfectly at home in his new assignment, for he won three major letters in basketball under Coach Ward Lambert and was accorded all-conference honors as a high scoring floor guard on the 1934 Purdue championship quintet. Lowery also won major letters in football and tennis. In football, he was an outstanding wingman, while he captained the Boilermaker tennis team both his junior and senior years. Immediately following his graduation from the Purdue school of science in 1934, Lowery launched his coaching career as football and basketball mentor at Rochelle, 111., high school. The following year, he accepted a position as football coach at Mankato Teachers College, Mankato, Minn., and in the fall of 1936 was named athletic director and football coach at River Falls, Wis., State Teachers’ College, the position that he resigned to retui*n to Purdue last fall. Veterans^ Freshmen Display Talents In Intra-Squad Meet Rounding into shape for the season opener with Chicago next weekend, the Boilermaker tankmen displayed their wares in an intrasquad meet. Saturday, January 23, the Maroons will travel to the Riveter Fieldhouse to oppose Papenguth’s men. Yesterday’s meet was the first set of time trials since their return to school for the new semester. In another month the tankmen should be approaching their peak of condition. In the 50 yard fi*ee-style Bill Snead won a very close race from Kujwa, frosh ace. Chuck Van Dusen, Dick Borner, and Van Darrow splashed across the finish line behind the leaders. In the 220 yard free style grind Hansel, another freshman star, finished ahead of Warren Hirsch, Eddie Mills and M. C. Campbell. Captain Joe Williamson, Elroy Heidke, and George “Egghead” Soderling competed in the bi*east stroke, while Dunn and Koch were the backstroke performers. In the medley relaj^ event Dunn, Williamson and Dick Smith turned in a good time to capture the event. The return to school of Johnny Jeungst has added much strength to the diving department.
F’jl- ffti* n DiirLpftS.
E R F U M E
Fit for a Duchess, Jabot Perfume is a fragrance in the grand manner. A superb compliment, to wear like a coronet. $10 $10.50 $28
DECKER’S
518-20 Main Sf.
Phone 5036
by the fact that there appears to be a need for track competition with many dual meet .schedules neces.sarily curtailed and that many coaches have expres.sed a desire for a relay meet at a centrally located point in the middle west that will minintize war-time transportation problems,” Phillips Started Butler Relays Phillips, who originated and developed the Butler Relays during the time that he was the Bulldog mentor, declared that the newly inaugurated Pui’due Relays would consist of from 15 to 20 events with competition in. both university and college sections. The details of the program are expected to be announced shortly. Intra Squad Meet With the opening of the Big Ten track season only a few days hence. Coach Herm Phillips sent the Boilermaker varsity runners against the Rhinies yesterday afternoon in the first competition of the season. Co-captain A1 Jentach displayed his winning form of last season by taking both the half mile and mile events. His times were 4:38 for the mile and 2:08 for the half. Paul Gutting, a sophomore who has been displaying some good form in the hurdles, won both the High and low hurdle events. Chuck Duesfer, cross country captain, won the two-mile run handily in 10:23. He was trailed across the finish line by Ed Seward, who also took second place in the mile. Bojinoff Stars For the freshmen, Mike'Bojinoff excelled all afternoon by winning the 60 yaid dash and taking second place in the 60 yard low hurdles! He was also entered in the broad jump but an injured leg prevented him from completing his jumps. In the field events, A1 Brebner, a sophomore who last year broke the freshman record in the high jump, took first place in that event by clearing the bar at 6 ft., 1 in. Blum, a freshman, jumped 6 ft. to capture second place. Grimm and Newman, both of the varsity squad, tied for first in the pole vault at the height of 11 ft., 8 in. Bob Livinghouge; winner of the last two- decathlons', leaped 20 ft., 61-^ in. to take first place' in the broad jump. The summary of the meet is as follows: 60 yard dash: Bojinoff (P) first, Harvey (F) second, Bancker (V) third. Time 6.6 sec. Mile run: Jentsch (V) first, Seward (V) second. Lynch third. Time 4:38. 60 yard high hurdles: Gutting (V) first, Compton (V> second, time 8.4 see. 440 yard dash: Archer (V) first, Dettwyler (F) second. Van, Daman (F) third. Time 55 sec. Two mile run: Duesler (V)* first, Seward (V) second. Kinder (V) third. Time 10:23. 880 yard run; Jentsch (V) first, Erikson (F) second, Kandes (F) third. Time 2:08. . 60 yard low hurdles: Gutting (V) first, Bojinoff (F) second. Livinghouse (V) third. Time 7.3 sec. High jump: Brebner (V) first, Blum (F) second, Munson, Kilpatlick and Brown tied for third. Height 6 ft., 1 in. Pole vault: Grimm and Newman tied for first, Oehstein third. Height 11 ft., 8 in. Broad jump: Livinghouse (V) first, Jordan (F) second, Bi'own (V) third. Length 20 ft., 6% in.
' Now under-arm -♦ Cream Deodorant safely Stops Perspiroiiait
1. Does not tot dresses or mea’i shirts. Does not irritate skin. 2. Nowaitingto dry. Can beused tight after shaving. 3. Instantly stops perspiratkjnASf 1 to 3 days. Prevents odor. 4. A pure, white, greaselessi, stainless vanishing cteiutl. 5« Awarded Approval Seal ol American Institute of Latindec- " ing for being harmless W ‘ fabric.
Alwia ■mRiOOA(||R|Page 4
1 4 ■s-'p! ■''I'M')' r I Purdue Exponent
^ g ' ! N r Sunday, January 17, 194B
jonah Explains Problems For Fun
Source Of Problems Revealed By Mathematics Professor Bv Prof H F S lonah Departnienl of Mathematics The idea of Pioblems foi Fun oiiginated vtith Piotessoi W L Ayieb, piesent head of the mathematics depaitment To add mcentne to this idea, he put up the ten dollars to be used as a piize foi the student submitting the most coirect solutions It as hoped that the students would discovei that one deiives a gieat amount of mental satisfaction from the successful solution of a problem in matheipatics, p 11 The pioblems to be used Meie “vUCIIjOII ™erti*ra "f- Will SpBak Toniglit On
lege freshman or sophomore
could satisfactoiih handle them “ TtUIIU Vliiiyyil Thej ^\ele taken fiom old text Hi Chailes H Eobeitson will books fiom collections of mathc speak tonij,ht at 6 30 p ni at the matical puzzles and fiom lournals Rogei Williams Foundation on the devoted to the teaching of the sub subiect The Woild Outlook ’ Di ject In addition to cuiient maga Eobeitson, affectionately called zines, such peiiodicals as hsational Big Eobbie by his many fi lends Mathematics, School Science and ginduated fiom the Univeisity in Mathematics and the Amciican 1895 He was on the staff hcie foi Mathematical Association’s month \ vihile ind spent about 30 jcais ly were used in Chin i as a scientific lectinei Some of the pioblems weie pio wheio he was instiumentil in the posed by membeis of the mathe educational upset in China which matics depaitment and otheis came opened the field to westoin knowl
from facultv membeis in both en ed^e
ginoeiing and agiicultuial depait Di Eobeitson because of his ments One of the pioblems was a vast expeiience in teaching will be variation of in exeicise in a cuiient veil able to covei the stuae it angle text Dook now used at the Univei- on his subiect All students and
sailois aie united to ittend
Faculfj Works Out Problems Joseph l^aiid Gleason pas Some membeis of the faculty toi of the Po.ei Williams I oundi carefully woiked out each pioblem t’®’’ West Liliyctte Baptist published and checked then solu announced thit i senes of
t.ons with those submitted by stu ^
dents It w IS inteiesting to note ^he semeslei by piomincnt nidi that sometimes the students’ solu ^'^uals Topics of geneial inteiest tionsweiebettei than those tinned scheduled foi Januai y inbi thefacult5 , Eobei tson s tilk
Pioblems weie enteied by stu dents fiom almost all schools of the Univeisitv and a veiy laige piopoi tion of the students piesentcd excel lent papeis—12 oi 15 out of ovei
300 entiles having neaily peifeet bJ'‘pe.'soiiTl Eel^imi
The individiiil tails of Febiuaij and Maich will be announced latei
(Continued fiom page 1)
V W Dai low J M Dunn, F W
will be lectuies b\ Eiblii Simon Aspects of the Jewish Eeligion Jan 21 and bj Eev 1 M Hoi ton DD Victoiiois Living Jan 31 The theme ol the ^eblual^ tilks will ho Wnld Peace Miichs
Just Looking Around
By Jack Abbott and Jim Richardson
A Belgian shipping film which has foui ships opeiating undei Geiman commission has had gieat difficulty lately m seeming any Belgian seamen to man these boats The Geimans then conceived a special recruiting method toi the film The boats had “Belgian Relief” painted on then sides and then the lumor was spread that they would sail unarmed and without convoy because of their
peaceful mission When Bel- MTS
gian Clews, who assumed that the ships would bring badlyneeded food and medical sup-
plies back to their COUntiy, Duiy Ji E r Dices S G Eaton, found out aftei then fiisttiip that E Edwaids 0 E Eileiing they weic 1 etui ning home with non B Famswoith L E lams 01 e and vvai niatci lals foi the Ngzis woith W K I awcett G A Field the'v signed off at the fust oppoi ^ ^ D Foimica 1 E tunity bince thicats and actual vio Fostei D H I ox W F Geinand lence failed to make the sailois ic ^ Gem in E S Goetze tuin,thefcw occupied Belgiin ships J F Giiffev L E Giosh L G aie now mostly manned b> Gciinin Hainmel W J flaipei T E Held Clews G Houston Ji R P Hummel, R
J Id/kovvski R T Jacobs H W
The light honoiablc Hcii Goeb Kaal R T Emg D L Koch M J bels had his eai to the i idio when Rocon K A Koch J E Kohl Maj Ol JjaGuaidia spoke iccently on ivcvcr A W Kohlstaodt J K the foieign situation It seems that Folbiook J C Kotaiski J N Ml G was veiy much iiouscd bv Ivnss> E H Kioeplin J K the contents of this talk In fact Ruhii W R Lai son J L Liland ill of his newspapeis i in in indig Linds ly Ji G H Link J L n int cditoiial s lying 111 p 111— This I'PPCit S C I obdell T B Lush LaGuaidia has no icspect vvhitso E f McG ihei G W McKissock evei foi inteinational 1 ivv lie is E R MeV ly D V MeVey E H lust 1 gangstei incitii g his thu„s Man^ T M Mulovv R S Maitin to 1 ill oui noble chiv ill ous soldieis J I Mitione I R Meikel H F which pioves the 1 ind ol people Millci Paul M Millei Roy W Ameiicans aie — inuidcicis iiid 'Vlillei I M Millholm Ji T F covvaids' Incident ilh in most Montgoineiv H E Moon Win F elides Ml Gocbbels isn t coiisid Moi< in R K Multoid C K
cicd in authoiitv on invthnig e\ cept stieet figlitm,, and oi coin sc his own spccialt-v pioie ‘•ion il i ab
ble lousiiK
The cilin vv iteis of tin ii iti m s
vj icl c D 0 Neidigh Ji D M Flew man B C Olmsted Ji A N Peteis \\ 1 Pi inge I S Pioseus J 1 Rcctoi J r Peed C W Rc/el L J Rohi S 1 Ross R L Sixton W W bchenlci
solutions to all of the pioblems
Want More Entiies
It IS hoped that even inoic piob
lems will be submitted duiing this teim, to encouiage this the best and most inteiesting woik piesented
will be mimeogiaphed and posted th s dep'i'iTm'cnt
each week with the students name
in mathematics classiooms
Expo Callout (Continued fiom p ige 1)
Placement Service Calls Senior Women Placement Seivice foi Women
Mtinbcis ol the at aunts taff handle ill the moiiev involved in 1 CL]iin_ the 1 xponent a ,, iiiv con ctiii rh( 11 cftoits iccount loi the fin incial details of the papei to he lecoided ind filed loi lutuie lelci ence This is an exactin,^ job and icquiics some skill in mathematics ind bookkeepin„ but it ^ivcs one i till ill to 1 now th it Ihiough hi^
diiected by Miss Iiene Feldt will hinds passes the lile blood of
hold a meeting foi all scnioi women new ji ijici
Wednesday Januai v 20 at 4 p m ih the West Faculty Lounge The puipose of the meetin,^ is to ex plain placement policies and pio ceduies and give students an oppoi tunity to legistei with the office
On the Lxponcnl is on all cim pus ictivities the stiff devotes some time to the hghtci thinr,& in life In addition to the moie seiious vvoik of puttin,^ out a nevvspapei students who vvoik on the p ipei
capital have icallj stilled to boil II R Schvvaitz II L Scott C L ind the citihstic agent tint Ins Seol\ R \ Scnoui M D Shu caused this tin moil is none ol^"1 1 cv S J Shipno^ki S M Siegel thin some questioinble paving W G Simpson C R Slatci D K bloel s th it Fdvv 11 d J Fpnn Tun Smith R L Smitheis P C Sno m inv Hal’ membci iiid cx ch iii bci-,01 T II Spitlei M U Stack min )f the Dcmoeiatic K ition il house W C Stiffoid J W Stall Committee is sud to hive put on iu-,s A A Stefur/a W I Steph his piivitc iipstitc pio))eit\ This eiison C W Stiec ei R D Stiouse p ivin„ block tioublc his been C 1 Tavloi J H Tcctoi K V fliiicth lumblin^ I01 ovei i veil lost II A Tieadvvcll but when the Pigident in idc the IJ A \ iiiW issi nhovc F J Vegh innouncemcnt th it he vvoulq like p \\ Vinton M G Wide G "b the Sen itc to eonfiini the ipjioint v Pden Ji T J Wall H L mcntotrijnn is Ministcl to Aus V t ivei 1 R Wendt A J Wild tiall! and all Jipaiicsc hold lolands j p Wii^ht I F W light N the lid fin illy c line oft This Senate /itgRi
IS diviacd into tin cc gi oups the ones th it vv int Phnii to hive the |ob the ones thnt do not believe th it A.usti ill i vv 11 ts this Dpe ol polili
eil phenomen i ind uc vvilliin t) Dnivci sily conti olh 1 letuincd ippoint him to i lessci ministei il W ishin ton Fiiday ni„ht
when he spent the p ist vveel on vv 11 vv Ol 1 conneeted with b is c
Prof. Halik To Present Musical Tomorrow Tomoiiow night at 8 o’clock, Piol and Mis Glen W Halik will present a prog i am of music before the Univeisity Club in the Music Room of the Memorial Union Build
mg
The piogiam is as follows Sonata in G majoi (Fust Move iiient) Biahms Concei to 111 G minoi Biuch Plot Hahk Piano solos Widmung (Dedication) Schumann Liszt Malaguena Lecuona Mis Hahk Roja^ance Rubinstein Wieniawske Noctiiine Lili Boulangei Tambouiine Chinois Kieislei Souvenii de Moscow Wieniawske Ml Hahk At 9 p m dancing will be held 111 both the Noith and South ball looms of the Union Budge games will also be on the progiam and are to be held in the Faculty Lounge of the Union Ag Economics Staff To Hold Discussion Tuesday at 7 p m in the West Faculty Lounge ol the Union, the fouith Social Science Seminal of the yeai will be held to discuss ‘.Agiicultuie — Patiiotic oi Pai tisan’ J B Kohlmeyei of the Af,iicultuial Economics depait ment and foimei Indiana lepiesen tativc of the Buieaii of Agiicultuial Economics and the United States Depaitment ol Agiicultuie will discuss the patiiotic’ side ol the question, while the paitisan ’ view point will be discussed b> Pi of M M Justin bt ite statistician Di E L Blitz will be chan man ol the meeting The usual cafeteria suppei will be held at 6 p m loi those desiiing to eat togethei Scabbard And Blade militaiy honoiaiy will hold its fust meeting of the yeai Wed nesdij night at 7 30 in 100m 307 of the Union PI ins foi the coming semestei will be foiiniilated and a discussion of pledgin,, will be held All membeis aie uiged to ittend ind tile pait in the discussion Big Ten Scores Wisconsin 55, Michigan 31 Illinois 61, Iowa, 41 Indiana 55, Chicago, 27 Notre Dame 19, Northvv’crn 36
Notices
R. B, Stewad
post ind tho c till! vv int nothin
to do vv ith him
Buj Wai Bonds Vnd Stamps'
All those who do legistei ale develop social contacts and widen urged to schedule peisonnel intei then ciicle ol ii lends The Lx views as soon as possible indicat ponent may seive is i medium ing vvhethei 01 not thev plan to thioiigh which cds and coeds ma^ vvoik immediately aftei giaduation develop then ability bv ictuil cx RegiStiants will also have then pci lencc and thiou^h which thev names included on the alumni c an leai n some ol the ill impoi taut placement list vvhich ojieiatcs iftei pi nciple ol m i! iiig liiciids and the student has dcpaited meeting pe iplc Get Your Exponent Subscription at the West Desk of Union Anytime!
WANTED Student switch board operator—pays board Apply immediately to G O Arbuckle, Cary Hall South
ITS TRUE! RQ>$HEL10N HILARIOUS RAPIO DETfCTIVE (RKOWN AS ME fOX) ..vt/SWls WHISTLINS IN DIXIE TRAlb MURPER 6ELOW THE MASON PIXON IIAIE AND ALMOST SETS SIX FEET gEUOW IT’
By Wiley Padan DIANA LEWIS WA? BORN ON SEPTEMBER 18-^ at ASBURT PARK N J HER PARENL WERE VAUPCl/llit STARS
An AM fCONFUSEP VVES SUH Guy 15 CAST AS RIBULOUS JUDGE L?t WHO WONDERS AT THE SCKWBAIL AWENTURES Ol RED ^KEITOW.
Your Clothes Need A Furlough Too!! INoh, more lliaii e^er they deserve llie best of eare.
They 11 gel il al
Phone 4081
DELIVERY FREE
Northwestern at Vine Street
No Notices will be accepted for this column after 6 p m on the day prcccdinK the issue Sophomore Union Workers Please repoit to the South Ballroom ns soon as possible to assist on the Student Book Exchange
—FURMAN
rnglisli and Speech Exams Make up exams for students with conditions in English and Speech will bo held on Saturday iftcinoon Tan 30 at 1 o clock in Room 201 University Hail RcmovaHi f condition cards should be obtained by Pridny preceding the examina tioi from the English office 10& University Hill —CREEK Code and Radio Instruction Classes in Beginners Secondary (6 12 w p m ) and Advanced (12 w p m and ovcrl Code and Radio Instiuetion aie being organized Sec tions will meet two hours per wehk Mon In at 4 ind V p m beginning Monday Tan 18 Sign up in the Supply Room in the \rmoiy prior to 1 p m Monday Jan 18 - HESTERBERG Students Wh i would like part time work should get in touch with the Dean of Mens Offiee GOLDSMIIH Gold Peppers Passports are in AWS box at We t Debl of tho Union
MacDONAI D
Christian Science Tho regular and bust ness melting will be i ostponi'd one week to Tuesday Jan IJ in room 302 of the Union There will be no meeting Ian 12
—SOMMER
Newman Club The regular monthly breakfast will le held Sunday Jannaiy 17 in bt Mary s auditromm after the 9 30 Mass There will also bo a get acnnainted tea dance and c ird party the same day at 2pm This IS something new Let s sec all the Catholic students there an i help make it a success —AULT Scabbard and Blade Important meeting Wednesday Jan 20 in ttie Union There will bo a discussion of pledging ind pledge activities ind piogram for this semester Pledging must bo done soon the boonci the better Come aroi iid and help out
—HFCKARD
All Male Students All scouts and foimcr
sconteis are inviti I to ittend an open meet mg (f Alpha Ph Om g i on 1 lesday Ian 10 it 7 30 in room soj of tho Union Please bo 1 rompt Piof Rob rt Phillips will spo ik
his topi s I Am An Amcncan
COSSWEIN
MT 3 Applicants Authorization has been receive I ti include MT 3 m ROTC piogrim All el gibio applicants who arc intiiesti I she lid ai ply d iring fioe hours at room 102 ot the Armory 1 g nning Monday Janii I ry 18 8 i m to pm ml continuing
through Tu sday Iinuiiy 10
—R101DAN
Alpha Phi Omega national scoutint? lionoiaiv, vvi’l hold an open meeting Tuesday, Januaiy 19 7 30, in loom 263 in the Union This will be the last open meeting foi new piospective mem oeis until next teim Pi of Robeit Phillips of the Histoiy Economics and Goveinment deputment will talk on the subiect I Am An Amei lean Prof. C. B. Murphy of the Histoiy, Economics and Goveinment Depaitment at the Uni vcisity was m Bloomington Piiday vvheie he addiessed a confcieiice on mtei Ameiican affaiis at the Uni veisity of Indiana
Lurthcran Students I hope to see you at our devotional meeting at 7 '39 p m Sunday in room 307 of the Union The discussion will center about Faith of Our Day
—WALLACE
Preshman Engineers I ast ti rm s Survey mg problems and note books may be oh
tamed in room’ 102 CF building Call foi
♦ hem hefou Mondav January 25
IOMMEL
Delta Rho Kappa Important meeting on Tuesday Jan 19 at 4 30 p m in room J02 of the Unioi Election of offiMrs
BOSMA
Reamers Meeting Monday Jan 18 7 p m room "02 Union —BRAY POMM Foimal pieuging will be held on Tuesday Jan 22 at 4 p m in the Armory Uniforms will bo wmn —PHILLIPP Triton Club There will be an open meet ing Tucbday J m 19 at 7 16 p m m Mtmoiial Gvm All those intciostcd in swimming are invited -BROWNE
Omicron Nu Meeting Tnesday lanuarjt
m m the Home Lconomics
—BEALL
19 It 4 20 P
Building
Cheer Leaders Practice every afternoon Monday thiough Friday m the hieldhouse at 4 p m —SCHWAB Catalyst Members Compulsory meeting f Wednesdav Jan "O m Room HI C & M building for election ol pledges —BADGER Examinations for the Removal of Conditions m Mathematics Will bt given Satur day Jan ..2 t 1 20 i m m the Recitation Building This is the only date during this term on which such examinations Vill be given Permits should be obtained at the oil ICO of thi Department of Mathematics not later than January 20 AYRES
Classified Ads
Money to loan on diamonds witchci guns, lugB:at,t typewriters Albert s Loan Office, 40 Columbia Typewriters—Adding Michines ali makes sold rented repaired and purchasc<l Mimeogr »ph woik done C J 1 bcishofl G05 Main, I afayette Ph nc 4^779 Wanted—Students mUresUd in pe<ldHng the Exponent Call Exponent Ask for R ckttnwald Room and Board foi one student $20 per month 402 NorlhwcsUrn Ave Telephone 31 4 Mrs Ca sie ChamboHnin 402 NorthNMStern^Avt Lost—G Id Ft,Iin watch extension band cnj-riv 1 A L H Rew ird Call 2014 l-aist—131 ic Tcncil case with pencils and Shcadci Jr ptn If i lund please return to Union C ifttena Office Dale Ray \^ anted—Pifrdue st idenls for waiters Ex peritrce i ot ntcuss iry Go id pay Short hours Apply to Frank Lcnihnn Elks Club Found P r of white iimmed glasses in 10 id in frintof PI armacy building Owner pic ice cill Betty Gtnckc phone 40632
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY BEGINNER'S CLASS Opens Wed., Feb. 3rd 7.30 P M. ADVANCED CLASS OPENS Thurs , Feb. 4, 7:30 P. M. PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6ih & Ferry
ti iinin„ couises in univ tisilics and colleges
Shop- (djoVu^m^
About an ACTIVITY N N N
Get on your feet . . . Get your hat . . . and come over to the EXPONENT BUSINESS STAFF CALL-OUT MONDAY ^ ^ JANUARY 18
Vil) 5TUN6 IN PKIl tMT2A