Minul'es Of FdiirtK Meeting Of Wai* Council On Page 2
'■ /d V’-
Campaigii 1 Night: 06
For ViOfOlt at GoMoh
Gophers ‘
f^OrrOir;
'
Volume 53/No. 101
West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, January 2^ ISMft
an-
Sponsor Special Booster sheeaH Will DIscuss Fat Eist
Rdlly I n
e
MERKr'M'
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen ' King Defends Loyalty Of Jap’Americans; U. S. Shipping Food To Reds WASHINGTON — The numerous charges of fifth-column activity in Hawaii do not impress one man in Congress. He is short, gray-haired Samuel W. King, Republican delegate from Hawaii. Ordinarily, King has little to say, but he. wa^ss very voluble when the “loyalty” of his JapAmerican constituents is questioned. King has been telling House colleagues that “all this commotion” about a fifth column in Hawaii is the bunk. However, hjs most interesting^ statement was made the other day behind closbd doors to the Hogse Military committee, of Which he is a non-voting memKingf admitted that there had been a “very extensive and active” Axis espiohage system in Hawaii, but as for a fifth column—“No, no, gentlemen, there is none.” “American citizens of .lapanese ancestry in Hawaii are patriotic,” King insisted. “Even older, retired Japanese aliens are all right. Why, they think it’s a real cOmplinient for their citizen.childi’en to be drafted in United States armed forces. They usually throw a big party the night before a boy is inducted into the service.” King revealed that after the Pearl Harbor attack the FBI and Military Intelligence rounded up 400 spies and subversive agents and put them in concentration camps. Three hundred were Jap aliens and JapAmerican citizens, and the rest Germans and Italians. A number of the Japs were pj’iests of the Shinto (nationalist) cult and wealthy aliens close to the Jap consulate. Asked if the Army and Navy were accepting voluntary enlistments of young Jap-American citizens, King said no, but that many of the youths had been drafted. “They make excellent soldiers/’ he declared. “In fact all (Continued on page 2)
Public Ceremony Enlisting Students In V-5, V-l Classes To Highlight Show Yesterday a special release from the main recruiting office of the United States Navy in Indianapolis announced a Navy Booster Rally to be held next Wednesday evening at 7:30 in
the Music Hall.
Main feature of the program will be the public enlistment of men from Lafayette and vicinity. This is the fifth occasion in Navy history that such a ceremony has been held publicly.” All students enlisted under the V-6 ■ •. ' ■ ' and V-7 classifications are to be
honored in the ceremony. Mothers To Receive Placards
Special service placards will be presented to the mothers of all Navy men now in the service from this area. Invitations have been mailed by Chief Burkett, C. F. C., of the Lafayette Recruiting Station to all known nearest kin. Any Navy mothers, wives or families who have not received invitations are requested to contact Chief Burkett for seats in a special section to be reserved for them. Although these are the only seats to be re-, served, the admission is free to all
.others.
The program is being sponsored by the American Legion Post No. 11 in co-operation with the local churches, lodges, civic groups and fraternal organizations. The University radio station, WBAA, under the direction of G. D. Williams of the speech department, will feature special programs throughout next week covering the rally and special events which will' be published in the Exponent at a later date. One of these special features will be films, on life in the Navy. Fraternities To Get Plaques Every fraternity or other campus organization which has a man in the Navy is entitled to receive a Navy Booster Plaque. Navy Booster Clubs are new forms of promoting Navy, recruiting originated by Lt. Commander G. D. Turner under the direction of Commander R. H. G. Mathews, in charge of recruiting for the Indiana area. John L. Sullivan, C. B. M., US NR, will be master of ceremonies at the Booster .Rally. In general charge of the program are chairman Kenneth Snyder and co-chair-men Herman Schmitz and Charles Vaughn. Navy parents from twelve Iiidiaha counties have been invited to attend the rally. According to Howard Heitkamp, C. B. M., US NR, in charge of arrangements for the program, several ranking Navy officials and more than 1,200 other spectators are expected to attend the rally, k.g.f.
Situation At Tuesday’s CouVO
Prof.C. W. Cadwell . . . spoke to one hundred members of the Scientec Club attending a banquet in Evansville, last week. Professor Cadwell was the guest of the Ken-Rad Tube and Lamp Company at Owensboro, Ky., and inspected their plant.
Yesterday word was, received from the office of Prof. P. S. Emrick, University band director, of hew promotions, assignments and appointnients of officers for the 1941-’42 Purdue Military Band. Announcement was made of the following appointments: Commissioned Officers: Captain and Assistant Director of Military and Symphonic Bands, J. E. Crim; Bvt. Captain and Director of Varsity Band, C. R. Watson; Bvt. Captain and Supply Officer, P. J. Fenn; 1st Lieut, and Military Officer, R. A. Sprenger; Bvt. 1st Lieut, and Chief Drum Major, J. B. Whyman; 2nd Lieut, and Detail Officer, R. J. Coers; 2nd Lieut, and Band Adjutant, D. C. Ross; Bvt. 2nd Lieut, and Publicity Officer, W. A. Ham-
Itref / Bvt7"2nd*''Li'euf.'' and'Techni'cai
Officer, P. J. Leininger; Bvt. 2nd Lieut, and Band Librarian, A. C.
Blackbert.
Non - Commissioned Officers: Technical Sergeant and Assistant Supply Officer, R. K. Cast; Staff Sergeant and Personnel Officer, F. Bass; Staff Sergeant and Assistant Military Officer, G. C. Huffman; 1st/Sergeant, assigned to Varsity Band, R. E. Johnson; Top Sergeant, in charge of all Details, R. W. Hemmingsen; Supply Sergeant, J. G. Byers; Sergeant, in charge of Quarters, J. R. Wood; Sergeant, in charge of Percussion Detail, B. J. Ford; Sergeant, in charge of Equipment Detail, R. 1. James; Sergeant, in charge of Chair and Rack Detail, A, E. Reynolds; Sergeant, in charge of Music Detail, M. F. Anderson; Sergeant, in charge of Publicity, H. W. Koch; Sergeant of the Technical Detail, H. L. Smith; Sergeant, assigned to Headquarters Office, F. T. Hemler; Wood-wind Section Leader with rank of Sergeant, R. (Continued on page 4)
Coeds Signed For Red Cross Meet Tuesday Meeting of all girls who signed up for work in Red Crpss dugout of the Union will be held Tuesday afternoon dt 4 p, m. in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union. Mrs. R. B. Wiley, head of the local Red Cross unit, will discuss the work to be done and plans for the future. At present the dugout is open Monday, Tuesday and Thursday from 9 a. m. until '4:30 p. m., but the possibility of keeping it open every day will be considered at the meeting. Plans for dividing the coeds into smaller groups which will meet at regularly scheduled times will also be discuSsed. Orders For Helmets National Red Cross in Washington has sent orders for 180,000 knitted helmets on which work will' begin as soon as tbe yarn arrives. In the meantime work in sewing and bandage-making will be con-
tinued.
Project is sponsored by the coed executives of the Student Unand experienced workrs will be on hand to demonstrate bandage-mak-ing and knitfing for the benefit of the newcomers. Honors 'can be earned by working 50 hours on knitting, either at home , jOtfnat .th«,qffiees?5:an.<l'?3^nati&naLRedCross pin will be awar.^ded for the above achievement. ' Over two hundred coeds signed up at the first registration held last week, but workers are still needed and anyone interested is urged to attend Tuesday’s meeting and register for Work at that time, d.e.b. Students To Claim Books, Money During This Week Students who have not yet claimed either their books or money, may settle for them in the Union office this week. The book exchange -closed January'23, with $200 from books sold still in its possession. Harry Hudson, Union vice president in charge stated that the book exchange handled approximately $2200 and 1,300 volumes foi' the students this year, f.v.j. Last Nsght^s Scores Illinois, 49; Minnesota, .36. Wisconsin, 42; Indiana, 36. Michigan, 53; Ohio State, 39.
Three New Defense
Tomorrow Morning Explosives, Drawing, Classes Attract 350 Three new defense classes, opening, tomorrow under authority of the United States office of education will increase the total of classes to 11 with 350 attending. These new classes are designed to train men and women in the inspection of explosives, metals and in engineering drawing. ' . ■ Explosives Course To Meet The chemistry of powder and explosives, meeting six days a week for,six weeks and containing thir-ty-four men, is a full-time course open to men having a background in organic chemistry. George T. Austin of the School of Chemical Engineering is the instructor of the course which has already trained 140 men. Those who'' successfully complete the course will be able to qualify as explosives inspectors or operators. Prof. Emery Miller of the physics department will teach a class' in applied X-rays on Monday and Wednesday evenings in room 216 of the Physics Building. This course will cover the industrial use of X-rays in testing welds, castings and fabV ricatedrparts;-"’ ■ The classes in advanced drafting, under the direction of Richard Young of the Fairfield Manufacturing Company, will meet in room 301, Michael Golden Shops, on Monday and Wednesday to offer specialized training- to those who have mastered the fundamentals of engineering drawing. 8 Classes Now Meeting Classes which are already meeting include: electrical engineering, ultra high frequency tests, elementary drawing, production engineering, production supervision, industrial safety, production metallurgy, and physical metallurgy, f.j.v. Secretarial Courses There will be an organization meeting for women students who have applied for courses in shorthand and typing, on Monday, January 26 at 4 p.m. in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union.. Other women students may attend. —IRENE FELDT
Author To Appear In Music fliti At 7:30; To Relate Experiences Vincent Sheean, foreign war correspondent and veteraninilitary and political observer, will discuss the far eastern situa-^ tion at a regularly scheduled convocation to be held Tuesday ^ 7:30 p. m. in the Music Hall. Sheean returned to the United States from a trip throughout the Far East and South Pacific on the eve of the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor and hfs address v/ill deal with the latest developments in the war. • / - ^^^— On his trip to the Far East Shec-
Air Corps Examining Board Will Interview Applicants On Tuesday Beginning next Tuesday and continuing for one week, the Army Air Corps Aviation Cadet Examining Board, headed by Major F. More, will intei'view and examine applicants for Cadet Training in the Conference Room of the Executive Building.' Both students and local
men may be interviewed.
New regulations recently passed provide for entrance into the Air Corps at a minimum age of 18 years, retaining the former maximum limit of 26 years of age. Also under the revised regulations, mar-
ried men may apply for appoint- Arab Jewish riots in Palestine, but ment, provided their dependents returned to Europe in fi.ffie to .sigiwstabements' to- the effect tha/-g^/tile iJermany'ASSf^mMch*"" they have adequate support, Ruhr Valley, an event whletl After being interviewed by the started the series of aggressions Examining Board, applicants will leading up to the war in the autumn
he examined for their educational of 2939^
and physical requirements and, if. pront-Line Reporting they oualify, be immediately ap- . , 'J:-'
Sheea.n was in Spain during the Civil War and when the Germans marched into Czechoslovakia, the Low Countries and France, he reported the news from the front lines. He escaped to London and was there during the intensive bombings
and burnings of 1940.
Author of Books, Short Stories In addition to his lectures and frequent articles in raag^2ines, Sheean is the author of* several
an visited Auckland in New Zealand, Sydney, Batavia, Singapore, Bangkok, Rangoon, Chungking, Hdng Kong and other places which have figured prominently in the
news since the outbreak of war. Interviews Oriehtal Leaders During the trip Sheean interview-
ed Chiang Kai-shek, Mme. Chiang; Kai-shek, various Chinese generals and leaders. Prime Minister James Curtin of Australia and other important figures in the battle for the Pacific. On the return trip he talked with American army and navy officials in the Philippines, Guam,
Wake, Midway and at Hawaii. Sheean, a native of Illinois, re-
ceived his first newspaper experience oh the staff of the Chicago University Daily Maroon and began his newspaper career by landing a job with the New York Daily News. Since that time he has reported stories from all sections of the globe. In 1929 he covered the
pointed Aviation Cadets. Under the new system, all applicants will take the same educational e.xainination; no diplomas or certificates being-
required.
Aviation Cadet pay is $75 a month plus one dpllar per.day for subsistence during the,. training period and free quarters, medical care and equipment. Information and applications may be obtained at the Adjutant’s Office in the Armory, from H. H. Horner, Lafayette Chamber of Commei'ce or the Army Recruiting Office, Lafayette Post Office
Building, k.g.r.
books such as “Personal History,” “Not Peace but a Sword,” and “Bird of the Wildei-ness.” One of his short stories was in a collection of “best”
stories for the past year.
Sheean has tried many times to. desert journalism and settle dowli ■
head of ,the department of as a wyter of fiction, but the pnfl of
Prof. H. W. Gregory
ins Mystery Muscle-Men
dairy husbandry, and Prof. P. R. Elliker, will attend the annual meeting of the Indiana Manufacturers’ of Dairy Products Association in Indianapolis next Tuesday. Professor Gregory will speak on the butter and cheese situation in Indiana.
things happening in Europe, Asia^ and the South Pacific have been too strong. Doers of the Music Hall will open at 7 p. m. and admission will be by season ticket, passports, or single admission tickets priced at fifty-five cents, d.e.b.
Deam Announces Cast For New Playshop Production By O'Neill
I By Ernest Nordlinger
The cast for the coming Playshop performance of Eugene O’Neill’s drama “Beyond the Horizon” was announced last night by Bjll Deam, director for this production. The cast includes Betty Erick, Arthur Barab, John Clark, Doris Tribble, Harold Warren, Lois Jane Vaughan and LeMayne Farnsworth. There are stiirtwo parts that are uncast. The play will be presented the first
week In March.
Betty Erick will have the leading feminine role of Ruth Atkins Mayo. Miss Erick will be entering her fourth year as a member of Playshop., Besides acting she has also been director of Several Play-
shop Laboratory plays. Barab In Three Plays
Arthur Barab has been in evci y play this year. In “Three Men on a Horse” he por’trayed the gambler, A1 and was Jackie in “Petrified Forest,” In “Beyond the Horizon” he is Robert' Mayo, the idealist and
dreamer.
James Mayo, the father of Robert and Andrew is played by John Clark. This transfer student from
Lurking On Back Pages Of Exponent
Role In War-Time Organization
Illinois College already has been seen on this campus in “Petrified
Forest.”
And Mrs. Mayo
Doris Tribble, a freshman transfer student from Oklahoma A. and M., has the role of Mrs. Kate Mayo. She has just completed the leadingrole in the Lafayette Little Theater’s successful production of “Flight to the West.” The adventurous sea captain, Dick Scott will be handled by Harold 'VV’arren. His work as Dr. Gaul in the gi-uesome play “Rossum’s Universal Robets” proved his ability to handle character parts. Ruth’s mother, Mrs. Atkins has been given to Lois Jane Vaughan. Besides taking leading roles in dramas at Principia College, she' has played the hysteric maid in the Laboratory performances of “Rur.;” Duriirg the past summer she was engaged by a stock company to play a role left vacant by Betty Erick. LeMoyne Farnsworth will have the role of Dr. Fawcett. Interested students are urged'to try out for the remaining two parts of Andrew Mayo and Ben, the hired
man.
By Chuck Showalter
For some weeks now ive have been confronted in the Exponent by the une.xplained cut of three strongmen, obviously PE 12’ers, pushing a bar around. Now the idea of Purdue men pushing on a bar is certainly not strange, bdt we felt that even so common an action as this was deserving of at Ibast a little notice. Something like “This interesting scene was observed last night at Lambs’ where, after trying for three hours to knock down the bar by leaning . ■ ' '
on it, these stalwarts actually got down to business etc., etc., . . . .” Something short, say about 200
words.
After the first week of looking at the picture I discarded my first theory about the Exponent fillingup space and began asking people what they made of it.
“I Don’t Know”
By far the majority of the an.swers were “I don’t know,” and judging merely from the great number of these I concluded that everybody who had flunked Doc Martin’s freshman chem course was still in a daze from the unhappy event and were still giving the, stock ansNver
—“I don’t know.”
When any idea on the subject was expressed at all ,it fell into one of two general classifications. The first school of thought was that the
subdivision. One-half thought they were just seasick sailors, and the other half, who had been . reading too much Dan Dunn,Ahought they were looking for submarines.
tor said he didn’t know what it was, and that every time he saw it he threw it into the wastebasket, but it got in the paper anyway—whereupon he broke down and sobbed. Since none of the seniors were there the only place left to go was to the advertising staff. “That? Oh, sure. Bob Adams pays to have that put in the paper, but we don’t know
what it is.”
Problem Solved
Upstairs in the Debris business office “Bully” Adams finally gave me the answer. The cut has been run in the Exponent by the 1942 Debris as a blind ad, and the figure is representative of the spirit of Purdue as Ave all work together. The handle seen is the shank of a key, and the key is the key to Pur-
Couldn’Mveep ’Em Down
I felt, tjowever, that neither of these explanations was quite satis-
factory so I went down in the dun- due’s successes.
“pushers” were trying to break in- geon called the Exponent office and The Spirit of Purdue is the theme to Biltz’s, Lambs, the Blazei-, the asked there concerning the little of the 1942 Debris, and the men will Biltmore, or the Sycamore, depend- men. A sophofijbre told me, “We be on the cover of the book. The ing on the point of view of the per- don’t dare have''<lpinions; ask a jun- theme will be carried out and enson asked. , ior,” larged upon throug-hout the-entire The second classification had a When approached, the junior edi- 444 pages of the 1942 Debris.
Editor’s Note: This is the second in the ■cries of articles now being published in the t!)xpunent presenting a detailed account of the part the University is playing in national defense. By Bob Boswinkle * j/ln the cru-rent race to arm the ndtion, A. A. Potter, Dean of the University schools of engineering, stands out as an important man. To learn just how important Potter is in the all-out efforts of the United States as it becomes the arsenal, granary, and fighting force for the democracies at war, requires a neat bit cf probing through magazine articles and governmental reports and conversation with, those acquainted with him. Into,the cash box of the recently expanded U. S. Office of Education of which Potter is expert consultant, Congress has placed some 200 million dollars' to be used to teach courses of less than college grade and for courses of college grade designed to meet the shortage of engineers and scientists in fields essential to national defense. The aim is not to make, fully trained engineers or “sixty day prodigies”, out of the men and women taking these courses; rather, it is to offer instruction of a practical nature that will give tbe student a specialized
knowledge of a particular phase of some defense job. From June to September of last year, 100,000 people were trained under the general direction of Potter, Between 300,000 and 400^000 will take similar defense training this year is the prediction. Companies hiring employees for the defense work of their concern report that their output has been greatly increased as a direct result of the instruction their men , had received from courses the Office of Education is offering. Training Committee Chairman Potter also curries the tules of “Chairman of the National Advisory Committee in Defense Trainitig” which deals with training on the college level in engineering, science and management, and “liasoti officer” forming the connect* ing link between thp engineering schools of the country, the illifeHse industries, and the defense age^icies of the'government. The recent movement in univcrr sities throughout the country to accelerate college graduation was action for which Potter as chaiv£»a»: of the Advisory Committee was ref spotisibK ■. y
ISf
Mif"* 4T^
. , Minutep of the kudeht War Coin^ol Editors ISote The minutes of the Student At ar Councils third meeting nhich de?lth with plans for a coniotalion at which Artie Shaw and his band would plai have been omitted since ^ the Council latei discoiered that Shaw was uniiaiHble Fourth Meeting January 13, 1942 The Stndcnt Wai Coui cil met m the Bond of Tiustees loOm in the Executive Building on Tncst!a^ Jiiuiai\ at 1 00 p in Mi Hockenid and eight inemocis of th crincil weic present "Dick Dibos piescntea the idea of i modem inu'^ic conceit to featuic Aitie Shaw as a pait of om campaign foi the sale, of Defense Bonds and Stamps This had been parsed bv the Convocations Committee and the date was set foi Sunday Febiuai^ 22 Entiance will be thiough passpoits and a stimp book containing not less than fifty cents woith of defense st imps It was igiced that the publicitj should emphasize the spending of moncj fo stimps whieh would otheiwise be spent foi a luxuiy item V President Elliott explained the scope of authoiitj of the AVai Council 4is being unrestricted and pledged full cooperation from and CO ordination with the administration He asked that piopaganda be earned to the student bode to di ive home to them their responsibility to attend classes otherwise the privilege of cuts will have to be rescinded The Wai Com cil is licc to do as it pleases legaidmg student activ "^ties and diastic action is inlicipated It was specifically suggested that the huge expenditure and impoiting of dates be cut out of the Junioi ^ Prom) No oiganizatioi should ciny out in expensive social piogiain but should invoice the least possible amount of time and money Piesident Elliott offeied the assistance of the Piesidents Office staff in cailying out the mechanical tasks of the Council In the discussion cf morale the President offeied to open anj hall or assist in procuring anv news commentator and speaker that We desire He suggested serious monthly convocations foi the stu dent bodi and facultv featur ng discussions of questions of special interest to the ‘ludents Questions could be submitted to a council of advisors w ith music included on the progi am It was also sug gested that a campaign be eairied on to emphasize the advantages of coming to school straight thiough the jear Infoimation conceimn^ N ’t A is not "vail ibk at piesent but help is expected foi technologic il tedci ts Ned Ochiltice su,,gcsted the publication of the Dean of Mens wcel Ij calendai of events in the Exponent each Sunday and the duly sched ule each dav as a measuie to conseive mateiial and human lesouices It was lecominended that othei 1 iculty and student lettcis to Umveisitv membeis be published in the Exponent Ml Joechn E nvei=it\ libi i i in told is of the diive bj the Aineii can Libiaiv Associ itio i loi ten million bool t loi the Aiinj Navj and the Maiincs finaiced b I ic L S 0 ind the Red Cioss The quota toi the Lafavette Teiiitiiv is ten thou i cl and Satuida> Januaij 16 is the dav set foi collection of bo\ stouts uid the iaculty wives The AV u Council lecoinmtndta the inclusion of Univeisitj itsidence units in the drive and offeied tnc =ipno t of the AVai Council and the Relief Coi di nating. Conn nttee The genei il eonciit c ns iftcetin^ the Stud nt Loan Eund weie turned ovei to Ned Oelnltiee tci ]nbhtition in the Exponent llie report was made lo Mi Potl tmi ol the suggestions ot IMr A P Stewart toi Jtf a sene'- ol Sundij alltri oon musical piogiams utili/ing Dm versitv talent and b I moil functions sueh as song tests Mso the delense leetuies by members of the Histon and Economics depirtment were expl lined Ml Hod tin i explained that the cooidiniting of extia cuiiicul u activities would he done thiough the setting a'^ide of the constitutional oiganization foi the du ation oi the wax ind any addition to oi cuitail ment of actnitie would be a iunction ol the AVai Council It was suggested ihat an activitj be asked to do cleiical work toi the AVar Countil Students will be asked to present suggestions by mail first and w ill be asked to appear m person it explanation is re quired A regular meeting time of 1 30 on Saturdaj afternoons was set and the room will be airanged tor later In discussing Conimenceinent and Baccalaui c ite it was suggested that Piesident Elliott speak a shoit time duiing the Commencement pio glam and that an all Senioi convocation be held at which he could de livei a me&‘'age to the Senioi class Ml Hocktma a^l ed the AA ai Council to mal e the iacult\ and students eonseio 1^ ot tie eon c vation ot heat Ivht uid othei lesouices Tie mendoH-^ savings coil' be m de tliouj,!! leuse ol envelopes single spacing ot icpoit'- etc
9fL JkSL
Purdue Christian I oundatioii Sunday Progi am At Lafajette Chiistian Chuich Sixth and Noith Stieets 9 15 9 20 a m—Catch iide fiom 131 S Giant 9 30 a m —Student class at which Pi of Flank Murphy of the histoiy depaitment will speak qn “A Just and Stable Peace 10 40 a m—Chuich woiship ser vice Rev Doyle Mullen will begin his new seimon senes on “Religion and Life 5 00 p in —Meet at 131 Giant to iicle to the Chuich 5 15 p m —Ten cent suppei at the chuich 6 00 p m—James Paimei Negio youth leadei fiom How aid Univei sity will speak
Merry-Go-Round - (Continued fiom page 1)
Letters to Editor AS^E^iil Offer Prize
For Essay By Student
AVesley Foundation Sunday Piogiam at the Fust Methodist Chuich Coinei Chauncey and South 9 30 a m —Student Classes 1 “Does It Mattel AVhat I Be lieve’ —Rev E R Balsley 2 ‘The Seimon on the Mount — Mis E R Balsley 10 40 a 111—Morning woiship at which Di 0 S Steele will piesent his seimon Standing Upon Out Feet 5 45 p 111—AVesley Vespeis
Baptist Students AA est Lafayette Baptist Chuich Gomel Columbia and Chauncey Sts 9 30 a 111—Rogei AVilliains Club class honi ‘Pop Gleason tcachei 10 35 a 111—Chuich woiship set vice at which the tii st of a senes of seiinons on Jesus AVho Is This
M in Jesus
5 30 p in—Rogei Williams club fifteen cent lunch 6 00 p in—Rogei Willnms club
social houi
6 30 p in —Pogei Williams club discussion houi The piogiam will be m chaige of the R U C Depiu i tion Fellow ship
pcuplh of Jap blood boin in Ha Akaii and therefore dtiJiens, are patriotic The spspicion tftat they are leal or potential fifth coluntnists is absurd ’ Committee membeis listened to King m polite silence Afterwards some ot them piivately indicated they consideiecl his views ‘too op timistic ” Scveial jokingly intimat ed that they thought King s views might be influenced by the fact that he had a laige nuinbei of Japanese Ameiican constituents a dig that King haughtily ignoied Note One thing King did not tell was that the Hawaiian reiiitorial (Home) Guaid of 2 000 men mclud ed a laige numbei of Ameiican boin Japs undei diaft age who aie aimed while the white civilian pop Illation has been disaimed by the establishment ot martial law Diplomat' Undeisecietaiy of State Sumnei Welles U S delegate to the Pan Ameiican Confeience is by fai the most populai diplomat at the mo mentous parley Tall immaculate ly gloomed and couitly he has le ceived ovations cveiywheie he has appeared in Rio But the Bia/ihans possessing i keen sense ot humoi have been i el ishing with much gusto this amus ing stoiy going the lounds about then distinguished guest AVelles was i Maryland dele gate at the tmrd teim conven tion m Ciiitago After Roose velt s name w as placed in nom ination AA elles seized the Alary land banner ai d joined the roar mg thiong that marched around the convention hall Dunn the paiade in licit NBC lepoited with a poitible niiciophone cl ishcd up to the dignified Undei seci et 11 y of St ite ind isl ed foi a st vteinent Bentlii t down Welles w hispei cl I d hi e to help y oii but I c in t I in not in polities
Gentlemen
YeSteiday moinmg the Pprdue Exponent broke fdith in its hue colors as the voice of the student body Many of us have been waiting scveial months to see all of oiu feel inga on the past football season m black and whrte At last they aie where all can lead No student can be filled with any spiiit over a football season, oi his team' unless he is one hundted per cent behind then coach And he isn t, and we aient Not only aie the students and the coach on op posite sides of the fence, but we’ve been foi ced to believe the same far separates the team fiom then lead ei Any team that can be victoi lous in the face of such odds is tiuly a miiacle Now it begins to appeal that such a miiacle is the only hope of a successful Bqilei makei season next fall '' I wish Mal would offei his resig nation to the Boaid He probably realizes that the students as rep lesented by the Exponent hold no ill feelings toward him personally— that they arc just dissatisfied with then piesent tootball coach and need someone new to build their spiiit and hopes around I don t see how he can stay in the face of such feelings as suiioUnd us now I don t see how Purdues footbcyll will suivive if he stays and I don t see how students can face another losing season I hope he sees it our
way
Sinceiqly « (Nmie withheld by lequest )
Membeis of the ASME are cligi hie to compete for the annual A A |Pottei Award of $50 for the best essay written by a student member on “The Engineer as a Cjtizcn Dui ing the Present Emeigency ’ Essays are limited to 3 000 woids and will be judged on the basis of then effectiveness in molding stu dent opinion and influencing young engineers in the direction of more active participation in the field of public service ^ Prospective entrants for this Con test sponsored by the National Committee on Engineers Civic Re sponsibihties of the ASME are le quested to register with Pi of H A Bolz honorary chairman of the lo cal branch of the ASME and all pa pels aie due on or before June 1 1942 deb
Prof. C. W. C^dwell lepie^eiitiHg the dfiffehi^e program in the Electrical Engmteung School, and A K Branham of the Defense Ti dining office, attended the Institution of Radio Engineers meeting in Bloomington, last weekend An iinpoitant part of the progi am was the inspection of the plant of the R C A Manufactuj mg Chmpany where radio sets are notv being constructed for distribution in South Amenea
student body was to be fooled all the time or part of the time We finally saw the light There is but one thing for the univeisity to do Get a new coach immediately Are we as students, going to peimit the university to let this matter slide until the lepijtition of Purdue football teams tails so low that it can never rise it,ain ’ lie who hfesrtattes is lost' (Name withheld by request)
AWS Presents First
Foremen's Institute Of Defense Lectures Cancels Conference Friday In Music Hall
Scheduled For May
Placemeni Notes For Women For Junior AA omen U S Civil Seiviee Coinini'-sion announces exammat ons toi student iiid in cngii eeim political science public adininibtiation and stat stics Applications must be o le file in Washington D C not latei than Febiuaiy 3 Further ntoiination may he obtained by call n^ the placement scivice foi women 29o5 R. R. Oeftiger ME 41 Sigma Pi tictcinity received his vvii gs and was com missioned as a sccon 1 licutenint aeiial navigatoi in the \ my An Coips on Januaiy 17 1J42 itCoial Gables Florida Call L Hansing toiinei Lnivei sity student Aeacia liateinit\ ilso received his v mgs ai d coinmi sioii
MaxSpultsToHead Ag Education Society The Ag Education Society held its fust meeting of the new yeai riiuisdiy evening Januaiy 22 The tollowing men weie elected as offi ceis loi this seinestei Max Spults president Carol Coleman vice piesident Robei t C Jones secie tuj Fostei Fiscus tieasuiei Bill fee lepoitei 1 ollowing the election Piolesso S S Cioinei of the Education Di pai tinent discussed s follow up study completed in 1938 conceinin the occupation rl distnbution oi A„ icultiue Educition giadyates over a 2o yeai peiiod
on the same d lie it the Pan Ainei It 111 Navigation School
Pi of M F Stigeis of the divis ion of education and applied ps\ chologj announced yesteiday that the Annual Foi emen s Institute which has been held in May will be c uicelled this yen because ol the states all out pioduction efforts The Institute is a one day eonfei ence and shoit couise which is de voted to the pioblems factoiy foie men h ive to face The attendance at these meetings usually ran from ] 000 to 1 200 lor emeu The meet mgs were plumed by a nuinbei ot tor emen md executives who seive on a special committee with De m W A Knapp m ehugc The voles ot the men on 11 rs speci il committee weie the deciding tactois m the c mcellation of the 1942 meetmo Stigcis said tint th contcience will piobibly remun out ot the pietuie loi the dui i tion t ) v Or. G. B. Cummins ot the hot my department ot the Univeisity Agiieultuial Fxpei iment Station has been elected as secietaiy tieisiuci of the Mycolo gical Society of Amenea to seive loi i thiee yen peiiod D turn mins IS m chuge ot i ese i ch eon ducted m the Aithm Heibuiuin oi the Exneiiinent St ition
In CO 0] ci ition w ith the Student W ii Council Associated AA omen students is sponsoimg a weekly senes of defense leetiues open to dll students The fiist AWS lectin c will be pie ented next Friday aitei noon at 4 in the Music il ill Prof I M Seals ot the histoiy economics and goveinment depart ment w ih be the speal ei The sub jeet ot Pioiossoi Soars addiesswill be a discussion of the hiclgiound behind the Uiited States entry m to the pie ent w u Smiilai leetuies ovci cunent questions aie sche lulcd to be pie sented every rnday inteinoon in the Music Hall h\ meinbc s ot the history economics nd goveinment
depai tine it
Exponent Pill due Memorial Union Gentlemen In oui last night s bull session ■we cussed and discussed the Elvvard situation We heaitily endoiso the Exponents stmd on this pioblein and have come to the conclusion that it s a Hell of a situ ition it Purdue —HATCH HOUSF Eugene Connelly John Ciolt Smto Foi mica Charles Stick Ici J lines W Denison ji Noi man L Coinus Louis E Can Jack Hove Jiin Bazey Richaid L Jenkins
To the Ediloi Youi most excellent editoii il eon eeining the i eappointment oi Mal Evvaid as head tootball coach hould be highly coininendcd It vv is about time that someone with
KEEP YOUR HOME NEAT AND ATTRACTIVE WITH ACE PAINTS FIXTURES — HARDWARE John Sperb Hdwe. 822 24 Mam St
enough ‘ intestinal fortitude should piesent to the public the opinion of the student body and a git it many of the Purdue alumni It takes more than a good coach to make a good football team Such colleges as Minnesota Northwest ein and Ohio State have consist ently good teams Why"^ Beciuse then lespective alumni oig iniza tions support the coaches w hole heaitedly and place at the disposal of the coaches eeitiin meins of obt lining many good athletes But oui coich doesn t ^ommind the ic spcct and suppo t ot the iliimni thus we hive not had consistently good foothill teins while Clwaid has been lieie Oh 111 admit he pioduced good tern his first yeu 01 two but look it hio lecoid since then An 1 w ho c 111 deny th it the spu it ot the student body docs not 1 ave i mai 1 ed effect i pon the success of r football team ' As you h ive Slid vaiious attempts were made last yeai tobcttei the student spu it These nttempts failed because it was just a question of whether the
Dell Piofessoi Elwald The Januaiy 23id editorial in the Purdue Exponent does not express my opinion in regard to yhill re appointment In fact this editorial IS in my judgment the most in excusable example of bad taste and poor spo tsnianship tliat I have evei had the misfortune to read I have supported you and your teams in the past and will continue to do so m the futuie And I want y on to 1 now that I sincei ely wish you evciy success next season and in the yens to come With hi best legiid J William Robinson
TODAY - MONDAY
DR PAUL A RISK
OR LUTHER A
RISK
OR HAROLD )
RISK
— DENTISTS
400 404 Schultz
Bldg
4Hi and Mam St
Lafayf*'*e
EDWARD EVERETT HORTON ’dONAID woods • RAYMOND WAIBURN and BABY SANDY
AND Parflmount PtosenK THE SHEPHERD if THE HILLS
^ Everything for a ] ^ College Education ^ [ DEAC’S j
with JOHN WAYNE BETTY FIELDS
ALSO
ALL-COLOR CARTOON
LUMA
^oVjRSTOTEUrWf.
NIBROC PAPER TOWELS None Better Prices to Suit PHONE 7828 LAFAYETTE PRINTING CO.
^WidusL £xfmumL All-American 1940-^41
Lnttrid as second <liss matter at the post ofiite in lalayettc Indiana undei the aet of Congiess ol Mareh i 1879 and at the special late ot post,ige provided tor in stelion 1103 aet ot Oetobei 3 1917 autliori/ed Januarv 20 1922 I’ubhslud daily ex<ept Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session Dtlueied locally by eainei lor $3 50 per year, mail sub bcriptions $1 00
1 in ( hii/ Nchh Ldil r SputtK 1 ditor
Nrd A Odultric John 1 frauLolt I hii Johnson
Busnuss Mnnai,Lr Manasrinfir I ditor Coed 1 ditor
Don S l’)wcrs Lcland W KufTn^r Ruth Kohc
Publication Staff
Ldil ri»l Si4fr I 1 A a J Tiall > 1 I I h| I I In >lafr U I < 1 1 ( ord btaff M r> K J
D i Dr 1 I >
I n A
J ( 1 J r
I 1 1 J S K
A] ( 1 atfi Id Ja c Kamuddl
Ateho at J lit rH
<(i Hiiniih
JJ
Businoss Staff Mniini,cr 1) i Si h
OfTtic ATanasor J
( ni iL I Six~t<7i Act lUiitB Mun tg:cr W
i tal Ad>frUHitu, Miinas^fi^ K Is (irtiilatun Mnjii(,er W 1 J3 ii
D M lla 1
Juiii r ( otd Manat^crB Jean 1 ru k i i erry liuiiccB Liiyl
Jul a Martii
Phones Editorial and Business 4005 Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10 P M 5377
K jr itcJ foi I t onal ad cili u by National Advcrti n,., b c Jrc ( ill t 1 I lishcra iici rcBentutivc i^O Mad on Avc Nc v Yor^ N Y
Staff For This Issue
m$U Kditor Bay l£dit4ir Clialiidd
ihbue P ditor liul/ bjortH Lditor Clark
Rtporltr J< W K \\ li 1>
C 1 Sow is I I K p 1 P J V ti K ( K I til I
S A Wi t c J VV 1111 n >
Starts TODAY umiem4 #
f I" M li I
I
‘ . V'WfM ^
'i,h
li’
T if *-'
fe" 4* ‘If'l
T**S. ■«'?)?' ,l!^ ?
NeeddTotak^
fi-i:
MmnesotaGame
' “Cheer For Victory” will be the theme tomorrow night when Piggy Lambert^s championship bound quintet entertains the Golden Gophers of Minnesota in the Fieldhouse. The idea, first fostered by Exponent Sports Editor Phil Johnson, has as
>■' I /
Vi/sityBeafsfmsA /ft Indoor Track Run A$ Al Jentsch Stars, Yesterday afternoon the Boilermikei* varsity engaged the Rhinies in a track meet as a preparation for the coining indoor season. The varsity had things pretty much their 6Wn way in the nlatter of first places, with the Rhii^iies taking first in Only two events, the 440 yard\
Tun'afid‘'the high juinjp. Brebne]r Sets Frosh Record
Piice 'of the Rhinie squad took the 440 with the aid of a 26 yard handicap, but he did turn in pretty good time for the distance. The other event captured by the first year men was the high jump which
Biebner snagged with an excellent its basis the arousing of spirit which
leap of 6’ 5-8”, an unofficial fresh- , j. -ui ■
has been terribly dormant since the advent of the Wabash game and the ojiehing’ of the 1941-’42 campaign. Gimlets, ‘Peppers,’ Reamers Help Campus athletic booster honorarieS, namely. Gimlet, Gold Peppers and Reamer clubs, have promised their eo-operation. Everyone is urged to bring cowbells, sirens, auto horns, 75 mm. cannons or any other form of noise-maker . . . this includes 7,C(00 throats that are anxious to see a Boilermaker victory
th'eer For Victoria OVel Gophers Monday
|4 ( i ' MM' . . A. V. a. ..
man record. The best times turned in by the varsity came in the 60 yard high hurdles, the 880 yard run and the
mile.
None of these weie record performaiices, but the times were excellent considering the fact that it is still very early in the campaign and intensive practice has been go-
ing oh for only a short time. Jentsch Bias Good Time
Conant topped the high sticks m .07:9 to take the honors in this
event. Al Jentsch running fr6m ond, NoelUn#: (F) 3 ft., third Maloney (V)
scratch gave away a 40 yard handicap, but took first place in the 880 with a time of 1:68.1 for the route. Don Kemp, of last fall’s cross country championship team, showed the same fine brand of running that made him one of the mainstays of the hill and dale squad and ran the mile m the excellent time
of 4:27.5.
All of the events included in yesterday’s meet are the same that will be a part of the indoor track sched-
ule.
In the summary that follows a notation of yardage indicates that the competitor received a handicap of the number of yards indicated. 60 yard dash—First, Banckcr (V) , sec-
2 ft Time 06:6
1 mile lun—First Kemp (V) ; second, Ashwelt (F) 80 yards; third Kinder (V)
60 yards. Time 4 :27.B.
2 mile run—^First. McLaughlin, (V) , second Deusler (V), 16 yards, third. Kinder
(V) 76 yards. Time, 10:04.4.
60 yard high huidles—First, Conant (V) 3 ft , second Kron (V) . third, Servines
(F) 9 ft Time, .07.9
440 yard run—First. Price (F) 25 yards , second, Archer (V) 16 yards, third. Tufts
(F) 20 yards. Time 62:0
Foie Vault—First, Edwards, 12’0” (V) ,
Grimm (V) ll’lO”
880 yard run—Fust, Jentsch (V) , Young IF) 40 yards; third, Arnold (V) Time,
1 -58 1
1 mile relay won by varsity—(Anthony, Holderman, Banckoi, Gaulko) Time, 3:80. 60 yard low hurdles First, Kron (V), second, Conant (V) , Archei (V). Time,
07-S.
High Jump—First, Brcbner (F) 6' 61-8”, second. Brown (F) , thud, Gaulko (V). Shot Put—First. Calhoun (V) . second, Weidman (F) , thud. Close (F). Distance,
dOTi"
Blond Jump—First, Dodge (V) , second, Joorefet/. (F) , third, Gaulke (V) Distance, 20’5 1-2”
BEGINNER'S CLASS FOR LADIES AND GENTLEMEN Opens Wed., Jan. 28, 7:30 TO EXPERIENCED DANCERS Advanced Class Opens Thurs., Jan. 29, 7:30 p. m. P. M. Alien, Nationally Known Instructor. Phone 2150 ENROLL NOW
ALLEN^S 6*h and Ferry
4W»VWVW\VWVVVVVWVVVWVVWVVVWWVWVVWWWWVVWWVVWV%t
Delicious Fob(i!
Why not make a lunche or date in our GRILL LOUNGE
It’s just a reat qood place to stop and haVe a snack! jluL fiuJlduSL TyimufimL lAnimL The Corner of the Campus— . > ^ Yet the Center of Activities
Sunday, January 25, 1942
Page 3
Coach Dick Papenguth Opens IntersQiiad Swimming Meet With Coach Dick' Papenguth handling the" starting gun, the Freshmen-Varsity Swimming Meet was run off in official style yesterday afternoon in the Fieldhouse pool.
Since there were not enough
and infuse the type of spirit and support that has made the Boilermaker institution famous. A victoiy over Minnesota would put the Rivetei team in good stead. They need support and backing to do it.
Big Jim
were
freshmen present to make a com-, pleie team, several members of the vaisity squad were pressed into service to round out the so-called freshman team. Owing to this fact, no authentic score could be kept. Coach Papenguth was particularly pleased with the fine spirit of all hands, and voiced the opinion that the team looks considerably better than it did last season at this time. A complete summary of the meet follows. 300 Yard Medley—Won by the team composed of Williamson, Kratzer and Anderson. 200 Yard Free Style — Krueck defeated Hansen.'^’ 50 Yard Free Style — Herr and Branner came home in a dead heat, with Lake not far behind. 100 Yard Free Style — Kratzer heat Hen. Diving — Juengst defeated Bower and Parkas. 150 Yard Backstroke — Andersen romped home in front of Anderson and Ancker. 200 Yard Breaststroke — Williamson defeated Tingley, Soderling, and Barnard. 440 Yard Free Style — Hansel beat Erickson. 400 Yard Relay — A team composed of Herr, Krueck, Branner, and Kiatzer came home in front.
STANDINGS
Tomof'row—Gopher Season Opens In what is likely to prove to be the hardest and closest home battle of the year the Boilermakers begin the eleven game stretch of the 1942 campaign against the dangerous foe with which they aie not in a tie for second place, the Gophers of Minneapolis way. Despite what happened at Illinois last night, the game will be highly impoitant for both
quintets.
Although the Gophers will be minus their high scoring star and captain, Don Carlson who has been inducted into the service, they still present a team that is one of the best in the histoiy of that institution, and
brother, that’s saying plenty.
Remember That Game Last Year?
Just to give you an insight into what kind of a team the Gopheis have,
remember that it was virtually this same team that licked the Boiler- > " makers last season 68-50. In addition to veteians Exel, Ajax, Smith, nf nr-Hnn chftnU wiipn Thune and Lind, Coach Dave McMillan has a pair of high scoiing sopho/ array of former high school
mores in Tony Jaros and Don Mattson. The latter is a six feet four inch
giant who has really been pouring them in
We’d I’ather watch Minnesota play than about any team in the league. We like their speedy, short passing attack which runs so smoothly it looks like it was lubricated with oil. The last time we saw this system
in action it was with a short team.
TwoGoodBmk TangleMmi^ InFroshOaij^ By ^ Coach Dateh ^^hving^s basketball team Will feature preview &£ tomtmrow -mgWs' USjp Ten tussle, when they peztsffoti'in an intrasquad tilt, at on the Fieldhouse floor. This will bet the fourth appearance of the FelBr> ing coached freshmen this«season. Doors of the Fieldhouse will open at six o’clock and after a twenty minute warm-up, th^ twaipesbittUn teams will start forty ^'BBmites of torrid basketball. The game #111 aet as a preview of the ezeifinent that is in store for Rjveter fans When the Boilermaker squad meels the strong Minnesota aggregation. Closely Matched Teams The Rhinie team will he'divided into two separate squads, the Reds and the Whites. Tl^e Red team will consist of: Mason, Richey, Biddle, Morris, MeVey, R. Meyer, Moore, Montenero, and Ehl«s. For the Whites, will be: Kerefaeval, Boots, Burnett, Witsman, Poehammer, F, Meyer, Tiimm, Jones, and Lange,
I
BasketbaQ Tfe^ts The distribution of student reserved seats has been advanced one week from the date previously announced. Tickets wRl be distributed for the Iowa, Northwestern, and Wisconsin games beginning on Monday, Jan. 26, and con-
tinuing as follows: Monday—Senim^ Tuesday—Juniors
W ednesday—Sophommres
Thursday—Freshmen
Mandler, Michigan’s clever
Oosterbaan’s team is not residing ignominiously at the tail end of the Big Ten with Chicago’s hapless Maroons.
W
L'
Pet.
Pts. 0pp.
Illinois
6
0
1.000
302
226
Purdue
3
1
.750
183
109
Minnesota
5
2
.714
330
282
Wisconsin
4
3
.571
324
284
Northwestern 3
3
.500
287
262
Iowa
3
3
.600
268
255
Indiana
2
3
400
197
228
Ohio State
2
4
.333
267
305
Michigan
2
5
.286
233
307
Flash—How Could It Happen? , We just heard a report on the games last night. To think the Illini would beat the Gophers 49-36. The Illinois team led 23-9 at the half. We were wiong. The Gopher season has already opened, but definitely. Cheer Heartily Tonight ForTonnorrow We... Don’t forget the special cheer session tomoiiow night. Let’s make it like old times and haye so much noise afloat at the staiting whistle that nobody will hear it. The Engineers’ Yell will be levived. Just how good and how loud are we at cheering ?
Prof. J. Davis
. . . head of the Entomology De-
partment will sp^gk^t a conference in Chicago on canning crop insects. The conference will be held
307 fiom January 28 to 31.
• Southworth’s
For the GIRL at the TDP of Your List!
The sweetest possible gift for the sweetest girl you know is SCHRAFTS delicious Valentine candy—, - PERFUME JEWELRY EARDS All these are connected by a single day . . . February l4 . . . Valentines Day. Make it a happy day for everyone!
E BOOK I SUPPLY STOOE
308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE, IND.
Southworth’s
Clip n 'n' Yell— Clip this out and take it with you to the “Cheer For Victory” night at the Minnesota game tomorrow. The Engineer Yell: E to the X, DY, DX E to the X, DX COSINE, SECANT, TANGENT, SIN 3 (point) 1-4-1-5-9 SQUARE ROOT, CUBE ROOT, B. T. U. SLIP STICK, SLIDE RULE, YEA PURDUE
stars square off in their fast and
fui’ious forty minute fued, Monday night will be cheer night
at the Fieldhouse so the maintaiaance crew has taken special pains to bolt the roof down more securely in case the ova^on from tSe ci'owd becomes too tremendous. It has been suggested that the fans come early, to the fre^mrnitiltfbr instance, to limber their lungs vp. This is a swell idea, so come to the pieview encounter and vocalize a little. The varsity squad had been supplied with ear-muffs or ear blankets so don’t be afraid to really
let loose. Lineups
The probable starting lineup for the freshmen is: REDS WHITES 5— Biddle . ..P... Kercheval-SO 3—MeVey F Boots—44 12—Ehlers C.. Hoehammer—48 7—Morris .. ..G Jones—23 6— Moore „G Lange—17 Sportswomen Sponsor First Mixed Recreation Over a hundred students were present Friday night in'the' Womens’ gym for the first mixed recreation sponsored by the Sportswom-
en.
Students had a choice between volleyball, badminton, ping-poi^, and swimming; after 'these there was dancing in the main gym fbt an hour. Mixed recreations Will be held regularly on Friday nights, j.w.t.
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES - FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Dettaw
Light ACCESSORIES . . . given a handsome ap- f pearance but only if they ^ are often and carefully T cleaned. Let West Side" Cleaners give your hats,"' gloves and scarfs the treat- ^ ment they need to keep them looking fresb and neW. Quality Work . Fair Prices . . . Fast Service . . .
Northwestern ut Vine
Phone 4Qdl '<> mf
nn
SBBPurdue Exponent
f '■ w Sunday, January 25, 1942
jiijliiversity Calendar Week Of January 25-31
Januarj’ 25 9:00 A M —Vocational Education tiSO I’M—Sciivenei Club Meeting January 26 1 1 4:00 PM—Coninnttee on State Uni-
41 V
^ 7-00 PM- ^ 7*30 P.M-
versity
Polk Dancing
■Basketball — Minnesota
^ SiOOfJP M —Reamei Club Meeting
January 27
' ^ 9.00 AM—Red Cioss Fust Aid t ^ s^:30 P M —Music Piogiam * 6 30 P M —A A U W Dinnei ^ 7 30 PM—Christian Science Oigani « zation *. "f.SO PM—Inter-Fiateinity Chiistian
Fellowship
f 7 30 PM—Convocation—Vincent *■ » ^ Sheean — Lecture I^Sncsda}, January 28 7 30 PM—Kappa Psi Fiateinity 7-30 P M—AIChE Meeting
7 30 PM—Maniage Couise
7 30 P M —AIEE Meeting Thuradaj, Januarv 29 9 00 AM —Red Ci oss I ii st Aid 3 00 PM—Scieen Review 3 00 PM—Agiicultural Alumni 7 30 PM—Chiistian Student Fellow
ship
7 30 P M —ASME Meeting Fridaj, Januar3 30 4 30 P M —Cosmopolitan Club 9 00 PM—Foiesteis’ Ball Saturday, January 31 8 00 AM—Fieshman Lectuie 1 30 PM—Student Wai Council 9 00 PM—Union Mixei 9 00 P M—Caiy Hall South “C ’ Dance 9 00 P M —Phi Kappa Sigma Foi mal
West Faculty Lounge Room 261 Union
Room 263 Union Towel, Union Fieldhouse Room 304, Union Room 306, Union Music Room, Union E Faculty Lounge Room 303, Union Room 307, Union Hall of Music Room 303, Union Room 302 Chem and Met
Bldg
E and W Reception Rms Union Rms 241, 254 EE BJdg Room 306 Union Hall of Music Rooms 332, 334, Union Room 307 Union ASME Computing Rm , ME Bldg Room 304 Union South Ballioom Union Hall of Music Room 263 Union Noith Balhoom, Union Tower Lounge, Caiy Hall,
South
Chaptei House
•The Ratio— 3.93 i • • to 1
Hets, Chems Discuss Dr. Cummins Elected Changes In Curricula, To Mycological Office
Di Gcoige B Cummins was elected secietary tieasuier of the Mycological Society of Ameiica foi a thiee jeai peiiod, 1942 to 1944 at its annual meeting m Dal las Texas, duiing Christmas vaca
tion
Di Cummins is of the Depait ment of Botan^ of the Univeisity Agiicultuial Expel iment Station He IS in chaige of leseaich con ducted in the Aithui Heibaiium of lilt Expei iment Station The heibaiium built up dining the life time of Di J C Aithui is one of the laigest collections of plant lust fungi in the world Thiough the woild it seives to help identify these impoitant plant dis case pioducing fungi
Sophomoie and yunioi chemical and metalluigical engineers at 4cnded special meetings Piiday af tel noon at 5 in the Chemical and Metallurgical Building The sopho mores met in room 117 the juniois
111 loom 302
" At both meetings polls weie tak en of those students who plan to attend the University dunng the Bummei semestei Seveia! an INouncements weie made regaiding <eurnculum changes and scheduling
vOf classes
’Courses Eliminated Courses which may be dioppcd in ordei to make i oom foi the work Usually covered in summei school (now cut from 10 to nine houis) are as follows Gciman 51 52, Plant Design 116 and Chemical Lit
cratuie 123
^ It was announced that with the tiossible exception of Physical Chemistij 117 118 all courses will jpi obably be offei ed evei y semestei fn' the yeai Chemical Engineeiing 139 has..bcen cut to a one and one Ijalf-houi, two semester couise and will now consist of a single foiu and one half houi laboiatoiy once C week These labs aie to be sched led for five days a week in the afternoon from 1 5 30 and on Sat Ui day moj ning from 7 30 12 k ,, i
F, G. King
t chief of the animal husbandi y department, will speak at the Ohio Farmers’ Week piogram which will be held at Columbus, Ohio Januaiy ^3 and 29
Band Members... (Continued fioin page 1)
B Clifford Coipoial of the Equip ment Detail, M B Myeis, Corporal of the Percussion Detail H H Sut ton, Coipoial of the Music Detail, W A Cheney, Coipoial of the Chan and Rack Detail M P Shambaugh, Coipoial of the Quarters Detail, G M Palmei, Coipoial of the Techni eal Detail, C B States, Coipoial of Publicity R L Weigle Supply Coipoial, P R Olson, Lance Coi poial of the Music Detail E H Wiggeib Principal Field Trumpet ei in elaige of training Field riumpeteis P T Hemler 1st Field riumpetei K F Dull 2nd Field Tiumpetei A S Czech old Field Ti umpetei R J Nelson 4th Field riumpetei W H Webei 5th Field Tiumpetei K E Andeison, 6th
Field Tiumpetei, J K Lewis
We heard the familiar strains of a Sigma Chi song issuing from the Beta castle the othei eve' Aftei gasping for air, we set out to leai n the reason for this wend phenomenon The reason was Wes Spengler eating in the Beta dining room Seems that the Sigma Chi kitchen burned up and the boys were out begging meals Now the Betas and Sigs have buiied the hatchet—and it only took a kitchen and a little chemical reaction to do it Isn’t science wonderful’ Robert “Taylor” Klein, Delta Chi piexy, put his hardware out on Katie Bruck of the Pi Phi’s the other day He’s being greeted all over the campus with, “Congratulations, Bob' Is it still out’” Nancy Kpotts of the Thetas was recently presented with a ring from Olhe Lynch who graduated last year Too bad Olhe isn’t around this year, Nange—^foi you and all of us " Congratulations Speaking of people who aren’t around any more brings to mind some that have recently returned to oui hallowed halls of learning For instance there’s Kae Weber back ’Nuff said Then theie’s Swede Anderson who rolled in the other day The Pi Phi’s boarded up their place when they heard this devastating news Hs ^ jK Abbott and Costello pulled the following on then program the other night Lou claimed he had just got back from a solo flight and Bud asked him where he had learned to fly “Oh, I backed into a Beta” was the retort We’vt been threatened icceutly (which is nothing new — in this lacket) The threatenei is a sister of the 0 A 0 (one and only) Bertie Cole and her first initial is Adele She warned us never to put her name in this column again Who are we to take chances’ Joe Paunchy ’ Benna, the Gim>lets black scouige claims he’s “doubling his education by dating Loretta Heffner pretty steadily Two of the moie interesting sights we witnessed this past week were Dottie Sicb and Ralph Ness ler shopping over town for bed spreads and Bob Livinghouse showing up for his Saturday eight o clock with the 1 ed stuff that us ually adorns the female mouth all over his face We hear that the co eds will soon have to be tucked in bed an hour earlier This new ruling won’t af feet the Alpha Chi s They’ie fast enough But were worried about the Pi Phi s They like to talk Well, we see where we 11 be warm mg the stadium seats along with all but the usual eleven players used m Puidues “thnlleis” next foot ball season The team’s total score last fall looked like the national debt—theie were so many ZEROS
in it
Puttering Shop To Paint Murals On Union Sub-Basement Walls
\
By John D Smith
The walls of the sub-basement of the Union are getting a coat of paint, however this is no usual coat of paint. The Puttering Shop hopes that sometime in the near future the paint will turn into murals depicting the activities and schools that make up our University.
Two Murals Started
Seven panels of the wall have brush are in the north end of the been sized for painting the murals gub basement As soon as these are and two of them have received the completed. Parks hopes to continue initial lines to be filled in with vai- with the murals until the walls of lous colored oil paints to become the entire basement are brightenscenes of the University and post- hy the pictures Murals to come graduation activities of seveial stu- will include such scenes as aeionaudents Donald Anderson, sophomoie tics, agriculture, journalism and mechanical, Donald Andeison, sen- other activities of the student body 101 mechanical, and Don Stout, Explanation of Muials sophomore mechanical whose idea poi the enlightenment 'of the it was to paint the murals are co- people who pass thiough the halls operating with Bob Parks, director of the sub-basement, each mural of the Puttering Shops, in the paint- will contain an explanation of what ing of the walls the mural is supposed to represent Industrial Scenes Any student who has an ided for The two muials so far begun de- ^ mural or who would like to help pict industrial scenes One shows m the painting of the murals is inthe inner workings of a modern vited to come to the Puttering Shops factory, including the drafting and try his hand room, office shops and the outside ________________________
view of the plant The other depicts
the construction of a modern build- beCon. then —here ing from the little man who sits in Episcopal students Communion service the corner dreaming of the building »as'l'‘r'’,^an®sh'“ho*u:o'"
to be, to the completed plans and finally the construction of the build
ing
The panels now under the artist’s Bram
Notices
Chemistry Major Seniors Those dtsirioiio (f totting a job should report at my of fice room 422 Chemistry building and advise mt of then tinining desires as to employment and information helpful in
placing them t f f n A number of assistantships arc available jJ,
for the coming school year in the dcpait ment of chemistry Those students inter ested should lepoit to my office at once
—DEGERING
breakfast in parish house
—THORNTON
Pi Tau Sigma Important meeting of all membcis Tuesday Jan 2'’ at 4 p m in Reading Room to launch new personnel pro
—GRLGORY
Pistol Team Tryouts The following listed freshmen are asked to report foi pistol team tryouts Tuesday Jan 27 at the listed time 4 00 G E Brower M E Bunker E H Cornelius J D Criste C D Emer son W J Heinze D S Lindsay P G Miller E W Riedweg M G Wade and
D P Westcott
o 00 J F Beehelo K S Burnside iC I Burroff B C Diekty 0 R Hill T A Holman E R Hyde C E Jones R N J ink E D Lukenbill I J McCabt A H Wakeland R R Wendt —BROWN
Biology Students Makeup exams in Bi oloty 1 will be held Feb at 1 pm —ENDERS AlCliE Student meeting Wednesday Jan 28 in room 302 Chem and Met building —KRAYBII L Senior Coeds For information regarding the Civil Service examination for positions as junioi technologists call at the Place mint Service for Women Phone number 2955 —SMITH PIA Members Petitions will be iceejt d foi Secretary 'ind Women s Soci il Chi im in of PIA befou Monday Jan 2b 1 i m L\ cellcnt oppoitunity for experience
ELDER
Artherv Club Important meeting, f« r ac tives and new meiibers Mon Jan 2b I 1 lo p m m loom 104 of the Fieldhc i sc
J\MES
New Students Call it the ticl et office of the Fieldhouse ft r your passpo t ( 01 DSMllII Alpha lambda Delta Pins ii h le Ctn Liet me it WRH South room t ir laiige ^ettin„ joir —CORNIKWAIIE Exponent Coed Business Staff Sth 1 ule IS ns ftllovvs Monday Claik Kein Rid loll Elliott Tuesday Fostei Clarl Riddell P yn Wedncsdiy Fostei Kcim P ne Llh tt Thuisday Riddell Payne Elliott Friday Fostei Clnik Keim
—SIESS
All Fiectrical and AIEE Members So cial meeting on Wednesday Jan 8 U 7 JO pm in loom 2j4 of the Flectncnl lii,in<erin Buildinj. So nd film Coi ] r I rom Mine to Marl et will be shown I leiity of refre hments —KING Dolphin Club K gh and form il initii (ions Sunday J in 2j at I p m m the pool in th Iieldhtuse Pay fee to Wally Frink
P\rRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS Dine Tonight ^ NU CHINA GRILL CHOW MEIN — CHOP SUEY ( ^ 409 Columbia St j
CAA Students The following are to le
S J Millei Student Healtl
bcrMce foi preliminary medical examma tions and then to Dr E L Kelly Educa tion Building foi psychological examina tions Frank Aker Mac Blair Eugene A Bohlke James A Bioeker C R Cleveland William Loren Gallic Jerome Marvin Gold man Nathan E Gree ir Jr Thomas D
Hall John Cowles Hninaon R A Johns Robert William Kersey Paul Grover Jor dan Robert Arthur Gallogly Urho Oscar I^ppi Stephen C Lobdell John Richaid Lundciuist Dan Mike McKirnart Hugh W McIntyre Thomas Melton Howaid Mesnard Thomas C Mullins Jr Donald S Poweis Walter Poati, Levi E Ratchford Wm Frederick Richardson Albert Osborne Roberts Philip Gordon Seitner Tom George Shields Robeit Mae Stond H E Thomp son —MEIKLE Undergraduate Dames Will have business meeting at 7 30 p m Tuesday Jan 27 in the home of Mrs Dale Ulrich 471V{| North Grant —VOLLNER All Male Students Aviation Cadet Ex amining Board No 1 will meet in the base ment of the Exeeutive building for the puipose of interviewing and examining apph cants for Aviation Cadet Training from Jan 27 to Feb I inclusive For full infor mation regarding Aviation Cadet Training and application blanks apply at the Ad jutants office Armory —GRAHAM Freshman Coed Exponent Business Staff Schedule is as follows Monday Riggs Krohn Tuesday Katr Ncger J McCul lough Wednesday Cohen Job Thursday Study Dolts Friday Levin Gumpper M McCullough —SIESS Battery C 1 Freshmen Thtie will be a practice session in basketball Sunday Jan 26 at 1 30 on court 1 in the Fieldhouse —VOLLMER Code Instruction (Male Students) Revised code instruction class rolls arc posted on the mam bulletin board of the Armory If the hrst classes were mis ance can still be made up —LI BURKHARi Reamer Club Meeting Tuesday Jan 2" at "" 10 p m m room 301 of the Union —RUFFNER All Newly Entering Male Freshmert If you are not now enrolled in Military Train ing and have any desire to take Advanced T. mining you should enroll in Basic Mill taiy Training immediately GRAHAM Sigma Delta Chi Meeting Monday Jan uary 26 nt 4 p m in the Exponent office Important — TRAUGOTl Math Makeup Exams Eximinations to remove grade 0 in Math will be given on Saturday Feb 7 at 1 p m in Recitation Building Peimtts to take this ex immat on must be obtained no latei than Saturday Jan 31 W r AYRES M E Make up Exams Examination foi removal of C grades in mechanism ME 11 will be given Saturday Feb " at 1 P m m loom 301 Mechanical Engineering Build mg —A HALL Prom Committee Meet Tuesday Jan 2 at 4 p m in the Senate office — DIBOS Sil>er Mask All mcmbeis planning to itUnd banquet Jan 28 make reser\ itions with mt TOWFR Scriveners Meeting Sunday night Jan 26 it 30 p m m loom 2bl ( t the Union Guests invited Bung manuscript Play will
be lead
—RIEGLE Coed Union Woikers Meeting of ill ‘'ophomore girls working on Union M( n da> at 4 1j p m in the Union office Be theic Imi oit int —FELLOWS Military Seniors All military seniois who hue voluntceicd to participate in the Navy
Rally January 28 please fbpoTt to First Lt B F Johnson at 3 80 p m January 28 at the North door of the Armory in ufti
—HICKS
Anricullurist Mtetini? of the Board of MaiiaKtrs in loom 117 of Ag Hall at 4
p m luesday January 27
—SNYDER
Triton Club EoBUlar meetint; Tuesday January 2" at 4 30 p ra instead of 7 80 p m In the Women s Gym Biing 20 cents for emblem _
—KRAEPELIEN
Gold Peppers Dessert meeting Thursday, Ian 20 at 6 30 p m at Mary Ann Moore s home If you cannot come pldase call Mary
Ann by Wednesday noon
_ SCARFS
Basketball practice
—WASSON
2 30
Battery r-4 p m Sunday
Battety C 4 Freshmen There will be a practice session in basketball Sunday Jan 25 at 1 So p m on couit 3 in the field
house
—DOUP Alpha Phi Omcfca Special committee mcetinir at 6 45 p m Tuesday in Swedish Lounue of Union Be out m time for con voc itiort —BREWER M SSh Committee Important meetlnif Tuesday 7 30 p m in Y W office —JAIFE Gimlet Club All passports must be at Phi Delt house by noon Monday in order to pet tiekets in Gimlet section for remhm der of pames —JOHNSON All Male Freshmen. If you arc not htiw enrolled in Military Trainirtp and have any desire to take advanced Military Traminp you should enroll in basic Military Train int, immediately , -graRam
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Adding Machines all makes sold rented repaired and purchased Mimeogrnph work done C J Ebcishoff, 605 IViain, Lafayette Phone 2779 Lost I Igin wrist watch between bowl in„ alleys and lire station Reward Phone 2892 George W Dicks Boys Wanted Oppoitunity to work for meals in lunch room Must agree to room in house adjacent to establishment Apply Mit7L Cafe 21 i Northwestern
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS Nfiiversity Book Store Across From Union Red ’ Sammoni 29 “Doc” l!»pple *46
rr
Service that Saves Service that
Crown Cleaning Service saves your clothes— Improves your appearance. Get the habit of having— YOUR CLOTHES CROWN CLEANED REGULARLY
Top of the Hill
Southworth
SCOBEE’S SENIORS t Lni|)li»Grs art iiiterMtwing now— DON’I DEI AY — Have ai>]>lic ilion pliulub rcadj—Ktliablt scrvuc.
Phone 2343
105 Northwestern Ave.
DEAC SAYS: Lest you forgetThat Sweetheart or your Mother on Valentines Day— We will wrap, pack, and ship a beautiful heart-shaped box of WHITMAN’S DELICIOUS CANDY i and pay the postage in the 1st zone. If it goes beyond that you pay the difference-and we still pay the 1st zone. Just leave your order and we do the rest. See our window of WHITMAN’S DELICIOUS CANDY-it is a joy to the eye and delicious to the taste. H. G. “Deac” REISNER BOOKSTORE •Established 1908 — West Lafayette, Indiana
You'll think you've struck a pirate's cache when you set eyes on this wonderful assortment of new costume jewelry—designs to go with every occasion that will fit and set off your wardrobe to its very best advantage.
Matching necklace and bracelet in maple leaf design $1.00
Stunning set of rhinestone earrings, clip and necklace $1.98
MimiiocK&gmYniiir
.J
i