i>^^f ,
Purdue
Z-185
Exponent
SUNDAY
April 30, 1939
Lafayette, Indiana
VoLSO
No, 170
News X Week • Hitler denounces world for 2 hours 17 minutes. • Britain drafts youths for six months military training. • U. S. increases air corps by 571 planes. • FDR presents plans for departmental reorganization.
WASHINGTON Two of Three .. .
.. . Roosevelt reorganization plans were presented to Congress this last week. The first, a measure to economize by creating three new agencies, met widespread approval in the Senate. Plan Number One calls for all present relief ag^cies to be consolidated under one agency, lending activities under another, and social security mechanism under the third. Second plan of FDR, a merger of '
six treasury investigating agencies, including the secret service division, was dropped when Secretary of the Treasury Morgenthau pointed out that such a move might tend to promote further consolidations and ultimately result in the formation of a police system comparable to that of the German Gestapo, or the Rus-
sian OGPU.
President Roosevelt ... . . . this week again stated that no American expeditionary force would be sent to European soil as long as he was in the White House. The President made this statement once before to the Senate’s military affairs committee in its secret con-
ference.
A resolution was introduced late this week to grant the President the power to impose trade restrictions against Japan, with a 10-day notice to Congress. The bill was introduced by Senator Pittman (D-Nev.) as ^ reply to Japan’s alleged violation of a ninepower treaty protecting Chinese ter-
ritory.
James M. Slattery ... ... of Chicago, took over the duties left idle by the death of pink-beard-ed Senator James Hamilton Lewis, early this month. Slattery will be appointed to the military affairs committee. 400 M. P. H , . . will be approached by highspeed warplanes ordered by the Air Corps recently. Over 12 million 872 thousand dollars is being spent on pursuit ships that will develop high speeds “considerably in excess of 300 miles per hour.” Total order calls for 571 planes, costing the government 60 million
dollars.
The warplane contracts are a part of the 649 million dollar War Department appropriation bill, signed by the President last Wednesday.
NATIONAL Cloaked In Secrecy ... . . . Col. Charles A. Lindbergh visited Indianapolis this week, inspecting the Allison Engineering Company at the Speedway, whose plant builds high speed airplane motors, (Continued on page 2)
20 Winners Of 'Best Soldier' Contest Named After marching, writing, answering questions and waiting for four and a half hours yesterday afternoon contestants in the annual Scabbard and Blade Best Soldier contest were finally narrowed down to the 10 sophomores and 10 freshman
“best soldiers.”
The five highest m each class who will receive medals and citations at the annual National Inspection Banquet are: sophomores, W. B. Morgan, H-2; R. H. Morrison, B-1; L. D. Gilmore, C-2; S. H. Wheeler, D-2; G. T. Sollitt, S-2; and freshmen, T. S. Sly, S-4; L. E. Aull, B-1; H. E. Gommel, A-4; C. Breedlove, A-2; E.
H. Smith, C-3.
Sophomores, B, Golding, H-2; M. Swaha, B-2; L. Y. Teeter, D-4; A. E. Karch, S-2; and W. L. Holcomb, B-1; and freshmen, D. W. Chrisman, B-3; D. McDaniel, E-4; J. F. Day, S-3; J. H. Loomis, D-1; and C. P. Davidson, S-3, will receive citations, for placing in the first ten. Contestants were judged on their appearance and on their knowledge of gun drill, materiel, and dismounted drill at a series of stations where they were questioned and asked to demonstrate certain points. Prof. Cook To Talk Before Professors Prof. W. W. Cook, of Northwestern University, will speak to members of the American Association of University Professors at a meeting m the Home Economics Tearoom tomorrow evening at 6:15. His subject will be, “The American Association of University Professors — What It Is and What It Is Not.” Prof. Cook IS a charter member of the association. Reservations for the dinner may be obtained from Dr. C. L. Morgan or at the home eco-
nomics office.
Maj. Gen. Tyndall, Inspecting Board, To Review Corps Major General Robert H. Tyndall, commanding officer of the 38th division of the national guard, which includes Indiana, Ohio, Kentucky, and W. Virginia, will be one of the officers who will review the Corps at National Inspection May 11 and 12. According to word received here, the official inspecting board will be composed of Col. Robert M. Milan and Major J. M. Sanderson of the Organized Reserve Corps, Lafayette, and Major D. S. Doggett, of the organized reserve corps, Toledo, Ohio. There will be no Corps Day formation Tuesday, May 2, and Thursday, May 4, but the entire Corps will assemble on Russell Field Friday, May 5, at 4 p. m. for the special Gala Week Review. Major General Tyndall will be accompanied here for the inspection by Col. Walter Drysdale, in charge of the Organized Reserve Corps of the Fifth Corps Area, and Lt. Col. B. E. McCunniff, in charge of plans and training of the Fifth Corps Area. Col. John Landis, I. U. commandant, will also be here. Highlight of the two-day inspection will be the review Thursday, May 11, at 2:30 p. m., following the 13 gun salute in honor of General Tyndall. The program will include inspection of the entire Corps, calisthenics, and command system drill. Dr. Harding Speaks At Annual Tri-School
Forensic Convention Delegates Pass Resolutions In Model Legislature
Rev. Holland Named Province Chaplain Of Newman Clubs Rev. J. E. Holland, chaplain of the University chapter of the Newman Club, was elected province chaplain of the Ohio Valley Clubs yesterday afternoon as the groups met in the Union Building for their thirteenth annual convention. About 138 delegates attended the meeting, representing schools in Ohio, Indiana, Michigan, Kentucky, and Tennessee. Arthur Gabriel, the vice-president of the chapter at Wayne University, Detroit, was selected to the post of province chairman. He will have charge of the conference next year when it meets at Ann Arbor, Mich. Following the elections yesterday was a banquet in the Union ballroom. Principal speaker was the Most Reverend John Francis Noll, Bishop of Fort Wayne, who spoke on “Logical Reasoning in Religion.” The Very Reverend Vincent Mooney, who was scheduled to speak, was unable to do so because of illness. The conference will draw to a close this morning following a 9:30 mass and a breakfast at St. Mary’s Hall. Lecturer To Show Future Inventive
Convention Of AIEE Trends This Week
Approximately 120 delegates attended the annual Tri-School convention of the AIEE yesterday. The three schools which participated in the conference were Rose Polytechnic, the University of Illinois, and Purdue. Registration began at 9:30 a. m. m the Mechanical Engineering Building. Thirty members from Rose Poly and 46 from Illinois registered. Dr. C. F. Harding, of the Electrical Engineering School, gave the welcoming address. Following his talk, two students from each school presented papers. G. W. Tobin presented a paper on the Harmonic Generator a new peice of equipment recently installed in the electrical laboratory. F. J. Hickman presented a paper on the color organ. Professor A. H. Lovell, vice-chair-man of the fifth district of the AIEE, was the principal speaker at the luncheon in the faculty lounge. The afternoon was devoted to an inspection and demonstration of the t^vision labs.
J. C. McElhaney, a member of the research department of General Electric Co., presented a lecture, illustrated with a demonstration on the present and future inventive trends, before the freshman engineering class in Fowler Hall yesterday morning. McElhaney was presented as a special speaker in the legular engineering lecture course. Dean Knapp announced that he will be on campus Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday of this week, and will give the same demonstration at 7:30 p. m. on these days in the main lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Building. All students and townspeople are invited, Knapp said. In his lecture McElhaney demonstrated the use of the stroboscope, a neon light instrument flashing on and off many hundreds of times a second enabling the eye to see moving objects as if they were at rest. He also gave a preview of an instrument, the talking flashlight, which will be featured in the General Electric exhibit at the New York World’s Fair.
Endorse Third Term For Roosevelt Resolution By One Vote Majority Meeting in a model legislature, to discuss New Deal and other pertinent legislation, representatives of five Indiana and Michigan chapters of Tau Kappa Alpha, passed a resolution endorsing Franklin Roosevelt for a third term by a narrow 18-17 vote. An amendment providing that Roosevelt should become president for life was defeated by one vote.
In the one day session held in iJie Memorial Union Building yesterday, the national forensic honorary delegates discussed four current or pending leg^islative topics of nation-
al interest.
The session was concluded last night with a banquet for the delegates in the Union ballroom. Dr. W. N. Brigance, national vice-pres-ident, attended the conference. Lowell Thomas, president, sent his regrets Friday night that he was unable to attend. At a business meeting after the assembly adjourned, Indiana University was selected for next year’s assembly of the Indiana-Michigan
district.
The resolutions introduced by the chairmen of the various committees and the resulting vote by the legislature were: 1. Should President Roosevelt be indorsed for a third term? Introduced by James Moore of Western State. Motion passed 18-17. 2. Should present neutrality legislation be continued? Introduced by Francis Smith, Manchester. Motion defeated 18-15. 3. Should money be appropriated to build a giant United States peacetime aerial force of 50,000 airplanes, to be used for carrying the air mail and for transport with the provision that these planes be convertible for war use ? Introduced by Robert Sasser, Purdue. Motion defeated 18-16. 4. Should a $50,000,000 deficiency appropriation be made for the continuance of the WPA as of January 1, and $2,500,000 to be set aside for investigation into political abuse in which WPA money would be used? Introduced by Robert Ristina, Wabash. Motion defeated by voice vote. In presenting their arguments for the third term question, the majority argued that President Roosevelt was the only man alive who could carry out the “humanitarian social legislation of the New Deal.” The economy issue defeated the resolution for the WPA appropria-
tion.
Robert Buckles, president of the Purdue chapter of Tau Kappa Alpha, acted as host to the visiting debaters. Purdue, Wabash, Western State Teachers, Manchester, Indiana, and Evansville were represented.
SDX To Hold Paper Day Friday, May 12 Sigma Delta Chi Newspaper Day will be held here Friday, May 12, according to an announcement by Donald Bailey, local president of the national journalistic honorary. At the morning session T. A. Coleman and Lynn Robertson, both of the University ag staff, will lead a discussion of “Agriculture and how it concerns Indiana newspa-
pers.”
During the afternoon session three persons will deliver short speeches. Wray Fleming, head of the state press association will speak on “The Legislation and How it Affects the State Papers.” Editorial policies ; will be discussed by E. C. Gorrell, publisher of the Pulaski County
Democrat.
The third afternoon speaker will be Harrison MacDonald, head of the l^acDonald Advertising Company of Lafayette. His subject will be “Clas-
sified Ads.”
Efforts are being made to get Basil Walters, editor of the Minneapolis Star to speak at the Sigma Delta Chi Pounders’ Day banquet that evening. Student Wins Fellowship Cecil F. Warner, ME ’41, was recently awarded the H. M. Byllesby fellowship in mechanical engineering, amounting to $760 and tuition. The announcement was made by President C. C. Williams of Lehigh University along with 18 other scholarships and fellowships in 12 colleges and universities. About 125... . . . members of the Exponent staff will attend the annual Exponent banquet in the Union ballroom at 6 p. m. this evening. Lowell Hardin, Exponent managing editor, will act as toastmaster. Following the dinner will he short after-dinner speeches by senior board members and faculty advisors.
Dr. J.W. Robinson Prefers Lectures To Classroom Discussion
“I prefer the lecture method of teaching to that of conducting a class discussion, because it doesn’t create an artificial silted atmosphere. Rather than a forced discussion, I prefer informality, spontaneous discussion, and questioning on the classes’ part. These are the impoitant factors in making classroom work instructive and successful.” These words formed the background of our “Good Teacher” interview with Dr. J. W. Robinson of the history, economics, and government department, one rainy afternoon last week. Seated in one of the cubby-hole offices of the Recitation Building Dr. Robinson, who came to this University only two years ago, explained some of the interesting features of his methods in conducting informal classes. Starting with reminiscences of his college days, he unwove the story of his college education, intermingling his remarks with
touches of personal philosophy and humor. Stanford Graduate After graduating from Stanford University with both a Bachelor’s and Master’s degree. Dr. Robinson enrolled for some specialized courses in^^government and public law at Harvard, and then returned to Stanford/ where he received his Ph. D. in Political Science. “But,” he hurriedly stated after we had jotted down his college itinerary, “a Ph. D. doesn’t close a person’s education; a good instructor as well as a good student never neglects to keep well posted on the present and future developments in the field of his chosen profession.” Dr. Robinson, by the way, is carrying this idea out in his own case by enrolling this coming summer in Columbia University’s Graduate school of public law. Likes College Life When asked why he chose teach-
ing as his profession. Dr. Robinson said, “Aftei I had gone to college for so long, I became interested in my graduate work and soon found the atmosphere of colleges, college life, and the work of professors so interesting that I never quit.” After teaching at Stanford (while completing the Ph. D.) at the University of California, Los Angeles, he came here in the fall of 1937, faced with the problem of changing his teaching piinciples 'to conform with those of an engineering school. His first problem was to determine what type of information the students were after; then adapt his courses to their needs. Selecting textbooks that dealt with government phases directly related to engineering, Dr. Robinson has planned his coijrse of study in light of the time that an engineer would have to spend on a non-technical yet currently fascinating subject. He never repeats in class the material covered
in textbook assignments, realizing that to present a comprehensive> course over so vast a subject as government, he must depend on the student’s ability to read intelligently. Lectures In Class The textbook as you can see, plays only a minor role in his plans, as for each meeting of the class Dr. Robinson has prepared a series of lectures; lectures built on his own knowledge of the subject and sustained by points gleaned from the vast amount of current reading which he does in fields of public ad-
Cood Teaching ♦. . . . and the personalities of those at Purdue who possess t^is art will receive recognition in the series of articles being published in these columns. This is the sixth of the series.
ministration and governmental practices. Dr. Robinson stresses the growing importance of government, its effect upon the public, and the vast field of science and industry into which the government has invaded Underlying all of his lectures is an attempt on his part to create in his students a desire for knowledge in the field of government work, realizing that the modern engineer is constantly faced with the problems of governmental limitations, restrictions, and codes. Tests, Necessary Evil Discussing the question of tests, Dr. Robinson said, “They are a necessary evil in some respects; however, they have the good feature of affording a comprehensive review of subject-material of the course. This is valuable in that it shows students the relationship between different elements of the subject.” It has become his custom, after try-
ing several systems of quizzing students, to give short tests each week on a predetermined day, over the assigned reading in the texbook. Longer tests are over lectures and text. Remembering his own college days, he stated, “If an instructor doesn’t constantly keep his students on their toes, they will miss much of the value of a course by not keeping abreast of the current classroom lectures.” “Class discussions,” Dr. Robinson said, “are useful as long as they are spontaneous and stimulated by the class. Questioning of the instructor on the part of the class is important,” he said, “but a constant questioning of the class by the instructor wastes time and has the tendency of placing certain students; in embarrassing positions. Also the class discussion has a tendency ^ become side tracked and involv^, % matter which certainly doesn’t h^di (Continued on page 4)i i
^dikhiaL
THE PUBDDE EXPONENT
J^tcduAHA,
Sunday* April 30* 1939
NEWS of the WEEK
(Continued from pajre 1) The motors are 12-cylmder, V-type, liquid cooled, 1,200 horespower and are adapted for use in either bombing planes or combat ships. Lindbergh inspected the chemical laboratories and the new motors and then eluded reporters and press photographers by slipping out through the employee’s entrance. The colonel was traveling m a single-seated Curtiss P-36, a red-nosed, all metal pursmt ship. Life Imprisonment . . . . . . was asked by the State of Illinois for Mrs. Margaret Strothers, negro hotel keeper charged with the murder of William Spurrier, I^iversity of Illinois student, last v^k as the trial drew to a close. Champaign’s sweeping vice investigation, which has to date resulted in the returning of indictments on approximately 60 public officials was set off by Mrs. Strother’s gun on February 16. Late Friday the jury weighing the case returned a verdict of not guilty against Mrs. Strothers. National Labor . .. . . . Relations Board regional director Flank Bowen, announced last week that they would hold an open hearing at Detroit on May 9, on the petition of the CIO-affiliated United Automobile Workers for recognition as exclusive bargaining agent for the 60,000 workers at the Chrysler company plant. Demand for the hearing rose out of attempt of the CIO faction of the Union and the UAW group, to claim representation of the Chrysler employees. Red Tape . . . ... delay in the government’s granting of licenses may forestall attempts of the United States to start trans-Atlantic air service before the British, observers in Washington reported last week. Even with the Yankee Clipper of Pan-American Airways a proven success, the Civil Aeronautics Authorities have been extremely slow in conducting hearmgs for license applications. British plans indicate that Imperial Airways planes will start a mail service about June 1 from Botwood, Newfoundland, with a possibility of carrying passengers before the summer is over. Prance and Germany have also entered the race for trans-Atlantic mail service, so this summer should see a keenly competitive battle for the supremacy of the the greatest of all trade routes, the Atlantic.
maintain its military preparedness. According to the bill, all youths of Great Britain between the ages of 20 and 21 will be called upon for SIX months military training, and after that they will enter the regular army reserve.
BUSINESS Mine Operators . . . . . . after yesterday’s meeting, believe they have a solution to the bituminuos coal wage negotiation strife that has been raging m the Appalachian mine area. The scheme was not disclosed, but it will be presented before the critical hour. Lewis has called for a complete shutdown by next week if new contracts are not sign’ed by that time. Trouble started when John L. Lewis refused to accept a clause in the new contract between his United Mine Workers and mine operators which would make the union liable to a fine for every day any miner was on strike.
Playshop Seats Go On Sale Tomorrow
Cities Adopt Daylight Time
Although many cities throughout the eastern part of the country adopted daylight saving time at 2 a. m. this morning, the change will not affect Lafayette. Only a few Indiana cities in the northern part of the state and in the vicinity of Chicago will switch from the Central Standard Time which they are now using. The change will remain effective until September 24 for cities adopting daylight time.
FOREIGN For Two Hours and . . . ... 17 minutes Germany’s Adolf Hitler denounced the world and paiticularly the United States in a long speech before the Reichstag Friday morning. The speech was considered as an official reply to President Roosevelt’s peace message of last week. In his talk Hitler denounced the Anglo-German naval pact, the German-Polish non-ag-gression treaty, and President Roosevelt’s proposal of non-aggres-sion for 31 nations listed by him. For the First Time Since . . . . . . the 17th century rule of Oliver Cromwell, the British government this week has adopted a policy of peace time conscription in order to
ARC
today —MONDAY
FAMILY lEWIS $T0NE — M6M Cast J’lns Big Extra Screen Show
— AND-
PIlifI LO^iE
— ALSO — SHORT SUBJECT
‘The Arkansas Traveler” returns... ridin’ into your heart in the grandest role of his career!
//m
LIKEHtMBBST/ '&UDYS GEORGE GENE LOCKHART
starts TODAY
High School Students Will Meet For Annual Arts Round-Up Friday
Starting tomorrow, box-office reservation of seats for “Journey’s End,” final Playshop production of the current season, may be made daily between the hours of three and five p. m. at the ticket office in Eliza Fowler Hall. A drama of war hysteria, “Journey’s End” will be presented five nights beginning Tuesday, May 9. According to Gilbert Dunbar Williams, associate director of Playshop, the performance of Saturday, May 13, is being specially arranged as part of the University Mother’s Day program. Only students coming with their mothers will be admitted that night.
High school students representing about 26 or 30 schools throughout this state are expected to attend the annual Industrial Vocational and Industrial Arts Round-Up to be held here Friday, May 6. In connection with the Round-Up, the visiting students will have the opportunity to exhibit some of the handiwork in drawing, printing, metal work, and woodwork in competitive projects that will lead to the crowning of state champions in each of these lines. Duiing the afternoon the High School students will be able to enjoy the annual University “open house.” The program will include visits to the various buildings on the campus and exhibits and demonstrations by the schools of home economics, agriculture, as well as a special high frequency demonstration in the Electrical Engineering Building. As the closing feature of the afternoon, the youngsters will be the guests of honor at a special review of the ROTC and the opening baseball game of the Purdue-Indiana senes. The “open house” will be continued in the evening, featuring the inspection of the shops, power plant, pharmacy, chemistry, and biology buildings, “Open house” will end with a special dull by the Purdue Zouave squad in the Armory at 10 p. m.
Now it’s Spring and pin pushing is the fad, this little poem will be quite fiittin’ and proper: The moon was shining in the skies. And all the birds and beeses Were singing while two hearts were high And leaves were in the treeses.
And a little pin was planted On a little (?) girl so shy. But then came the dawn. And there it was—^but why?
At dawn, oh, my! the boy cries out Where is my emblem of the frat? What have I done? Where is it? Who was the dirty rat? ,
A roommate came and saved the day, “Remember,” he replied. “Last night you put it on a goon. You must have been pie-eyed.”
Oh, gosh, how can I ever explain To fatty and the girl at home. I guess I’ll just write Help Wanted! And then submit this pome.
To
Exponent Staff or Lovelorn
Column
Whatever I address. Please help me now if never before I’m in a heck of a mess!
Livestock Feeders Hear Talk By Professor King At Annual Spring Meeting
Approximately 1,000 livestock feedeis attending the annual spring meeting of the Indiana Cattle Feeders’ Association on the campus yesterday heard Prof F. G. King, head of the animal husbandry department report on the past winter’s feeding trials with 105 western lange calves. Pi of. H. P. Rusk, head of the animal husbandry department at the University of Illinois, spoke on the changing livestock conditions. He pointed out that there has been some evidence in recent years that the centers of the beef cattle and sheep production which moved westward with the frontier are moving back eastward, but that the centers of dairy production are still moving westward. Claude Harper, of the animal husbandry department, explained the results of feeding trials with 200 western lambs. Frank Goodwine, of West Lebanon, presided at the meeting. A lecording the high spots of the meeting made by John Merrifield and Ed Mason of WLW will be heard over that station 6:30 Tuesday morning as part of “Everybody’s Faim Hour.”
DICK NORTH has found a new way to enjoy the Union . .. kissing pretty girls on the East steps.
We thought that most of our Purdue eds had fairly good judgement, but one of the lads slipped off the deep end. PAUL CARR swallowed a goldfish last night for a grand total of six bits—it slipped down so smoothly that all he feels now is a bit of mortification.
This is a pome we consider one of the best: The ed, a mighty man was he. From schools of higher learning. His fertile mind was once refined. His interests ever turning.
He toyed around with ponderous thoughts. Of English, psych, and math; With high intent, his time was spent Plodding the student path.
HERE'S THAT MICKEY AGAIN! Tough — Rough and Bluff in a Sympat-hetic Role That Brings Smiles Between Tears!
THE FACE ALL AIVIERICA HAS LEARNED TO LOVE!
RALPH BELLAMY
KAREN JUDITH ALLEN
— PLUS — The Happiest, Scrappiest, Most Lovable Family in America . . . New Laughs, New Thrills and New Fun for You!
I
Joe
JAMES GLEASON . imClif GLEASON ^ RUSSEllGLEASON HARRY DAVENPORT W MARY HART-TDMMy RYAN
CHH
BOTH HITS
STARTING TODAY
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liclkly
‘Go ahead—laugh! But since you’ve become a candid camera fiend, we never get invited anywhere!”
But time and tenseness took their toll; Study soon bulled the brain. He’s changed, and how! Look at him now. He seems a bit insane.
The populace laughs up its sleeve As blaring tabloids yell. The mighty ed, his spirit dead. Is going fast, to hell.
Scoop . . . one way to really enjoy the surveying course . . . yesterday, three freshmen out on the field were trying to walk a straight line . . . one astride the bike had a basketful! of beer bottles . . . Mnith beer in them! The other two guys were surveying with one hand and holding a bottle with the other . . . fun, and how!
He eats recordings, swallows fish. Downs earthworms by the score; And osculates on goldfish dates As co-eds’ kisses bore.
The ed, a mighty man was he From schools of higher learning. His fertile mind was once refined. His interests ever turning.
Don’t put your arm around a girl in the show ... it stops circulation!
Today-Monday -DOUBLE FEATURE-
THitLLING SEOiETS OF THE SEORET $Eil¥i€Ef
mill RONALD mm jom UIEL . m RHODES Jam Stephenson Eddie Foy. Jr. — IT'S A— FIRST RUN
AN EXCITING JOURNEY INTO THE BAD LANDS IN A WILD AND LAWLESS ERA
dana =s
para
—with — CLAIRE TREVOR — JOHN WAYNE Andy Devine — George Bancroft — Thomas Mitchell
starts TODAY umoBOiV
i\
*"1
i
Sunday* April 30* 1339
THE P0BDUE
EXPONENT
Boilermaker Nine Defeats Western State, 13-12
Track Records Improve During 48 Years Of Meets
By Marshall Richards
“The track was in poor condition as wagons had been driven over same after the rain, but records were made which are very creditable.” This comment appeared in the Exponent account of the class field day, the beginning of track as a part of the athletic program of the University, in 1891. ■in™ — The field day was app^irently
Northwestern Tenitis Team Beats Riveters
Despite their victory over Iowa Friday, Purdue’s tennis squad met their superiors in the person of Northwestern yesterday afternoon and retired from the field defeated. Northwestern’s net squad took every match in the series of seven to leave Purdue on the short end of a 7-0 score. Herb Fuente lost to Wachman of Northwestern in the first match in two sets, 6-1, 6-1. Alexander, Riveter second man, lost to O’Neill of the Wildcats by the same score. Jim Hebbeler obtained two games in each of his sets before he retired from the field after being defeated by Clifford, 6-2, 6-2. Mann was the highest scorer of the afternoon for Purdue, when, after losing the first set 6-2, he forced Froehling of the Wildcat squad to a 6-4 fight before admitting defeat. In the final singles match. Blitz, Boilermaker representative, was defeated 6-1, 6-0, by Richards of the Northwestern troupe. In the doubles Mann and Alexander were defeated by the Wildcats O’Neill and Clifford, 6-1, 6-2.
quite a success back on that fair May day. Over the track rutted by an offending teamster, Crowell, then a freshman, ran the 220-yard dash in 26.6 sec. and broadjumped 11 feet to take two firsts. Studebaker, a sophomore, ran the 120yard hurdles in 19.26 seconds and high jumped four feet, seven inches to account for two more firsts in the
field.
Early Track Records Also found in an early edition of the Exponent was a list of the collegiate track records in existence at the time. The records, monopolized by the so-called athletic schools of the east, were as follows: 440-yard dash, Dohm, Princeton, 47.76 seconds; 880-yard run, Goodwin, Harvard, 2 minutes and 2 seconds; mile run. Wells, Amherst, 4 (Continued on page 4)
In the last match of the day. Blitz and Fuente were beaten 6-1, 6-3 by Milne and Richards of the Purple squad. Northwestern has practically the same squad that last year ripped the Big Ten race apart and that was only beaten by Chicago in their attempt for the Western Conference crown. This was their opening tilt of the 1939 Big Ten season.
As the Mill Grinds
Don’t you become a “grind”— When your studies are tiresome and things go wrong, visit the Union and relax* The Union habit will make your college career more enjoyable. JhsL fiWtdjUJL Tlflsmis^iaL lAnimL The Comer of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Gutting Takes Brd In Hurdles; Weber Places In Shot Put Drake Stadium, Des Moines, la., (Special)—Steve Gutting, Purdue hurdler, came in third in the 120yard high hurdles at the Drake Relays yesterday, crossing the finish line behind Wolcott, Rice star who ran the distance in :14.4, two-tenths of a second slower than the meet record he set a year ago, and Dinsmore, Tarkio College hurdler. Behind Gptting in order were Wright, / Oklahoma Aggies, and Smith, Wisconsin. Purdue finished fifth in the fourmile university relay which was won in meet record time by the Oklahoma Aggies, 17:29.6. Other placers were Notre Dame, second; Michigan State, third; and Missouri, fourth, ahead of Purdue. The previous record was 17:34.7. Forest Weber took fifth in the shot put, hitting 47 feet. The winning distance was 61 feet, three inches, made by Williams, Xavier of New Orleans. Greg Rice, Notre Dame, ran one of the outstanding races of the meet m the four mile university relay. Rice was anchor man for the Irish, and was forced to start 30 yards behind his Oklahoma opponent, but picked up about 20 yards before reaching the tape, to give Notre Dame second place in the event. Swimmers Will Form Life Saving Classes Tomorrow Students interested in life saving classes will meet in room 107 of the Fieldhouse tomorrow afternoon at 4 p. m. for the organization of the class. Preliminary plans are for the class to meet two nights a week for a two hour period. Classes will be held over a period of two weeks and will lead to a Senior Red Cross Life Saving Award. Anyone not able to attend the meeting but interested in joining the class should call A1 Risser at the Triangle house before Monday night. Prof. C. B. Murphy... . . . history, economics and government department, delivered the commencement address at the Scott township high school in Angola last Friday evening.
^IwixJL
By Seymour Lutzky Through their hands, over their heads, all over the lot, balls went flying. And when the battle was over, 26 runs had been scored and 16 errors had been committed. I’m not talking about some sandlot ball game, but about our own Boilermakers playing a tough Western Illinois squad yesterday afternoon. Even Captain Thompson, infected by the fever, bungled three tries on the field. —^fe— Dickinson was Purdue’s slugger of the day when he walloped a triple his first time up, and then pounded a homer for his second trip to the plate. Smithson followed Fisher’s triple into left center in the fourth by a homer to the same spot. The Illinois centerfielder was going nuts following those Purdue balls. —fc— Wargo got it in the neck in the ninth when with a four run lead, he gave up four hits in a row without one out between them. Kraushaar opened the hostilities by homering to center. Then Lester got a beautiful triple to center again. Those centerfielders took a lot of punishment in yesterday’s game! Fulks got on base on a single and then Lockhart singled for the fourth hit. After Svob sacrificed by getting in Smithson’s way and running outside the baselines, Willard hit a double. Imagine Wargo’s consternation! —fc— Injured shoulder and all, Arnie Bredewater certainly can put those balls in when they’re needed. He pitched just eight balls and struck out two men to end a ninth inning rally. Incidentally, he gets the credit for the victory. —fc— Coach Fehring has an assortment of pitchers. He used four today and four others yesterday. Navto made his debut by striking out the first two men he faced and then made the third man fly out. —^fc— Mackiewicz was certainly feared by the Illinois coach. He was walked three times when men were on first and second. Pop Doan, official scorekeeper, expressed surprise over his tactics.
HAYS JEWELRY CO. EAST SIDE OF SQUARE FIXE JEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
West Side Office 132 Vine St. Phone 7278 —NOW for pick-up.
Knowledge Plus Pleasant Demeanor
will go a long way toward the much-coveted popularity, f But even they will fall down when garbed in carelessly kept clothes that need cleaning. REGULAR cleaning and pressing will do the trick. YOU will like our work, bring us your clothes. PboiK American! 3085 Depen^hle Dry Cleaners
Win On Squeeze Play In Ninth Inning; Dickinson, Smithson, Hit Home Runs Eli Yeager, Boilermaker right fielder, laid down a bunt to squeeze Dickinson in with the winning run in yesterday’s wild 13-12 victory over the Western Illinois State Teachers to climax a game spotted by errors, home runs, and erratic hurling. Tommy Dickinson, who scored the run, had slammed out a triple in his first time at bat in the game, and walloped a home run in the fourth inning sending Navto and Heame in ahead of him. Doan started on the moimd for — —
the Boilermakers, but the visitors got to him in the third frame for four runs and four hits, and he relinquished his position to pinch-hit-ter Johnny Vernon in the Purdue half of the third inning. At that time the Boilermakers were behind 4-1, the only run being scored when Dickinson tripled to the left field fence in the first inning and came in on an infield out. Smithson, Dickinson Hit Homers Thompson was tossed out at first to begin the fourth inning. Fisher walked, and Smithson followed with a home run to right center. Navto doubled to left center, Hearne then walked, and Tommy Dickinson hit a home run into deep center field, sending two men in ahead of hiinself and putting the Boilermakers out ahead 6-4. Western State came back m the sixth with three more runs. Fulks got on by an error, Cox forced him, Svob struck out, and shorstop Glen Willard lined out a four-bagger in the same spot that Dickinson had hit his two innings before. Junior Willard scored another run when a hit and two errors sent him in and put the visitors back into a 7-6 lead. UniSerturbed, the Gold and Black added four more runs in their half of the sixth. Hits by Smithson, Mackiewicz and Thompson, mixed with an error, a walk, and a hit batsman, sent four men across. Two Runs, No Hits Western State added another in the eighth and the Boilermakers came back with two more. The two runs in the eighth were made without a Boilermaker hitting safely, Stamm got to second on a two-base error, Mackiewicz, who was intentionally passed twice during the tilt, walked. Yeager sacrificed them to second and third, and Thompson walked to fill the bases. Fisher then hit a grounder to the shortstop, Glen Willard, and while Willard tossed the ball to his brother, and the second baseman tried for a double play, Stamm scored from third and Mackiewicz came all the way in from second. Fisher batted in two runs on a fielder’s choice. Wargo replaced Navto in the ninth but the Teachers landed on him immediately and he was removed with a man on second, one out, and the score tied at 12-12.
'\ussy ^nMOSO/t?^ BOTH FOR . ..
$1 sixe Floeon of "REMEMBER ME" PERFUME
Reg. $1 size of TUSSY POUDRE EXOTIQUE Exciting value—$1 box of Tussy Poudro Exotique p/us flacon of new “Remember Me" perfume—both for $11 T^asy Poudre Bxoiiquo—light, clinging, contains no orris, starch, or other common sensitizing ingredients. “Remember Me” perfume— piquant, spicy-floral scent. A seductive twosome ., at a saving!
LOCB&HCNC COMRANV
Arnold Bredewater, who has been on the sidelines with a sore arm for weeks, came into the game, threw three pitches past J. Willard, and also struck out the next man to retire the Western State team. Heame was hit by a pitcbed ball to start the home half of the ninth, Dickinson walked, Stamm forced Hearne at third, Mackiewicz was intentionally passed, loading the sacks. The Boilermakers then pulled the squeeze play, Dickinson scoring and Yeager reaching first with a hit to end the game. The game gives the Boilermakers a record of six wins, two defeats, and three ties for the season, while in the conference they remain imdefeated with three straight victories. Next week they will return to conference play with games here Friday and Saturday against the Hoosiers as a part of the Gala Week
program.
Purdue
AB
Hearne, 2b
. 2
Dickinson, cf ..
. 6
Stamm, If
... 4
Mackiewicz, 3b
...3
Yeager, rf.
.6
Thompson, ss
2
Fisher, c
4
Bredewater, c
0
Smithson, lb
5
Doan, p. ^
0
Vernon
. 1
Navto, p.
2
Doherty
1
Wargo, p .
1
Bredewater, p
0
Totals
. 36
111. State
AB
G. Willard, ss
. 5
J. Willard, 2b
. 6
Lambert, 3b
6
Stewart, lb
5
Kraushaar, cf
5
Lester, If
. 4
Fulks, rf
4
Cox, p.
3
Thompson, p.
1
Lockhart
1
Svob, c
3
Totals
43
12 13 3
Run^ batted in—Stamm, G. Willard 6, Lambert 3, Fulks 3, Smithson 2, Mackiewicz 2, Thompson 2, Fisher 2, Kraushaar, Yeager, Dickinson3. Home run—Smithson, Dickinson, Willard, Kraushaar. Doubles Navto, Kraushaar. Triples: Dickinson, Lester. Base on balls—Doan 2, Cox 6, Wargo 1, Lester 2. Strike outs— By Doan 3, Navto 3, Thompson 1, Lester 3, Arnold Bredewater 2. Left on bases-^Purdue 5, Illinois State 8. Wild pitch—Doan. Passed ball—Svob 2. Hit by Pitcher—By Cox (Hearne) and Lester (Heame). Hit by foul ball in stands—Lutzky. BASEBALL STANDINGS NATIONAL LEAGUE
W L Pet.
Cincinnati 6 2 .750 Boston 6 3 .667 St. Louis 6 3 .625 Chicago 5 4 .556 Philadelphia 4 4 .600 Brookl3m 3 4 .429 New York 3 6 .376 Pittsburgh 1 8 .111 Yesterday’s Results Brooklyn, 6; Philadelphia, 0. Cincinnati, 6; Pittsburgh, 3. Boston, 8; New York, 1. St. Louis, 2; Chicago, 0. AMERICAN LEAGUE
W L Pet.
New York 6 2 .714 Boston .. 4 3 ,57^ Chicago — 6 4 .666 Detroit 5 5 .goo St. Louis 4 4 .500 Washington 4 4 .600 Cleveland 4 5 ,444 Philadelphia 2 6 .260 Yesterday’s Results Cleveland, 7; Detroit, 1. Washington, 3; New Yorir, 1. Boston, S; Philadelphia, 2. Chicago, 9; St. Louis, 8.3[ocaL ddlA,
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
n^nflcoA.
Steel, Rivets, Bolts, Power, Go Delta Chis Lead Greek Into New Music Hall Skeleton Teams In Chase For
Participation Trophy
By Morgan L. Miers At last the truth is revealed. The two large cranes used in the construction of the new Music Hall span 100 feet from the ground with a 20 foot “break extension” on top of that, making a total possible height of 120 feet. The large 125 horse power Deisel motors give the cranes a 30 ton lifting capacity. The new building will hold approximately 7,000 people, which is 280 more than the capacity of Radio City. It will contain 2,800,000 pounds of steel along with 29,000 rivets and 5,000 permanent bolts that will hold it together. Main span of the hall is to be 190 feet. It will be 80 feet high in front and 97 feet high in the rear. Construction engineers said last night that the building would have two balconies and a main floor. The stage will be 32 by 100 feet and will have a soundproof disappearing orchestra pit. All men working on this job are Foundation To Hold Breakfast Party Wesley Founda;^ will hold its annual spring Co-ed Breakfast at the Foundation House at 8 o’clock this morning. Miss Yeason Choi of Ewha College, Korea, will be the primary speaker. Miss Yeason is at present taking her graduate work in Religious Education at the University of Chicago. Doris Bunnell and Winifred Thompson will furnish special music. Frances Baker will act as the toastmaster; special toasts will be proposed by Margaret Warren, Alice Breitweiser, Martha Miller, and Joyce Winklepleck. This breakfast is being held in hqnor of the seniors of the co-ed Sunday school class who are graduating this year. All Methodist girls matriculated in the University are invited to attend. Reservations may be made by calling 6261. Foresters To View Bird Movie Tuesday “Courting the Grouse” will be the subject of a moving picture to be shown to the Purdue Forestry Club and its friends at the regular meeting of the club next Tuesday evening at 7:30 in the auditorium of the Horticultural Building. The pictures were obtained from the Museum of Natural History, University of Minnesota, and deal with the mating activities of the grouse
family.
J. C. Kase, of the forestry department, will supplement the picture with comments. The grouse, next to the wild turkey is supposed to be one of the most elusive of the forest game birds. The grouse is a rare bird in Indiana, and the picture will give students a chance to acquaint themselves with the activities of the wild fowl. Club members are especially urged to attend as well as others. Refreshments will be served following the program. Frosh Will Meet To Discuss Activities Freshmen interested in an activity for next year and the remainder of this year are urged to attend a meeting in room B of the Union at 4 o’clock tomorrow afternoon. Althea Jorgeson, Activity Buseau disector, and Bill Breuer, director, will discuss problems regarding freshman activities. Freshmen are needed by the Bureau to complete plans for the year. Those freshmen with activities are asked not to attend. NufritionInstrudorWill Attend Toronto Conference Dr. L. Margaret Johnson, assistant professor of nutrition in the school of home economics, is attending a meeting of the Federation of American Societies for Experimental Biology and the American Infiitute of Nutrition which is being held in Toronto.
required to wear safety hats. When questioned about their strength, the engineer said “Not long ago a three and a half pound wrench fell 90 feet and knocked a fellow to his
knees, but he got up unhurt.” Beginning Monday there will be
45 men working along with 16 riveters. The riveting machines are run by compressed air with a pressure of about 130 pounds. All steel construction work is scheduled to be finished in about six weeks, but the building itself will not be completed
until February of next year. The new hall will make it possible
for all students and faculty to at-
tend any convocation in one night.
Track Records -- (Continued from page 3)
minutes and 29.8 seconds; 220-yard hurdles, Mapes, Columbia, 26.4 seconds; high jump. Page, U. of Penn., 6 feet, Vz inch; pole vault, Leavitt, Harvard, 10 feet, 6 inches; and shot put, Cox, Yale, 40 feet, 9% inches. In May of 1892 the Boilermakers ventured into the realm of intercollegiate competition by taking two firsts and four seconds in a state “Field Day” and sent three men to an intercollegiate meet in Champaign, 111., where Stevenson put the shot 32 feet, 2% inches to win second place in the meet. Become Prominent From this rather inauspicious beginning Purdue track men began their climb into prominence. At the turn of the century they were still suffering defeat regularly, losing to Illinois 106 to 16, and taking third in a triangular meet with Indiana and Notre Dama in the two meets in which they participated in 1900. Notable performances for the Boilermakers that year were credited to Corns, who broad jumped 20 feet, 5 inches, and Endsley, who pole vaulted 10 feet, 5 inches and cleared the bar in the high jump at 5 feet, 7 inches. Quite an accomplishment at that time, according to recent marks. Purdue has had top-notch runners which have represented the Gold and Black in recent years. Afar from the track men who were handicapped byj;he wagon ruts are these modern speedsters, greatest of whom was probably Orval Martin^ Martin Star Before completing his college career at the University in 1930, Martin completely dominated the mid-' die west in the distances. He set a new record in the two mile run in the Drake Relays, won the mile run in the Big Ten three times in a row, took the two mile easily in the State Meet, and then won Big Ten Cross Country title in his senior year. Bringing the history of the truly great Boilermaker athlete’s up to date requires only a glance at the list of records set by stars, on the east wall of the Fieldhouse. The oldest of these records dates all the way back to 1911 when Hoffman ran the 60-yard dash indoors in 6.4 seconds, a record which has been tied but never broken in 28 years by the dash men who followed him. The latest, set just this month, was established when Bodeau ran the half mile in one minute and 55.4 seconds. The standing records: Indoor 60 yard dash—Hoffman, 6.4 seconds, 1911. 60 yard high hurdles—Sandbach, 7:4 seconds, 1934. 60 yard low hurdles—Lemen, 7:0 seconds, 1938. 440 yard dash—McQueen, 61.6 seconds, 1934. 880 yard run—Bodeau, 1 min., 66.4 seconds, 1939 Mile run—Martin, 4 min., 22.9 seconds, 1929. Two mile run—Popejoy, 9 min., 40.9 seconds, 1984. High, jump—^Nelson, 6 ft., 1(4 in., 1927. Broad jump—Gohl, 22 ft, 8% in., 1932. Pole vault—Jones, 12 ft, 4 in., 1934. Shot put^—SkoronSkl, 46 ft, 1936. Mile relay—Blumel, Fifleld, Glendenning, Soles, 3 min., 26 seconds, 1936. Two mile relay—Gaulke, Mhrozick, Terhune, Bodeau, 8 min., 14.7 seconds, 1939. Outdoor 100 yard dash—^Tykle, 9.6 seconds, 1923. 220 yard dash—^IVkle, 21.8 seconds, 1923. 440 yard dash—Crossman, 60.2 seconds, 1933. 880 yard run—^Martin, 1 min., 64 seconds, 1930. Mile run—Martin, Moore, 4 min., 20.4 seconds, 1929, 1936. Two mile run—^Martin, 9 min., 26.2 seconds, 1930. 220 yard high hurdles—Sandbach, 14.8 seconds, 1986 220 yard low hurdles—Lemen, 23.4 seconds, 1988. High jump—Williamson, 6 ft., 2 In., 1937. Broad jump—Gohl, 28 ft., 6% in., 1932. Pole vault—Jones, 12 ft, 10 in., 1983. Shot put SJcoronski, 46 ft, 7(4 in., 1936. Discus—Skoronski, 189 ft., 6 in., 1934. Ja\ieHn—Purvis, 216 ft, 4(4 in., 1988. Medley relay—McQueen, Moore, Crossman, Hopejoy, 10 min., 18.8 seconds, 1984. Miie relay-^chey, McQueen, Crossman, Sears, 8 min., 24.1 seconds, 1988. 8(4 mile cross country—Bodeau, 18 min., 60 seconds, 1987.
Although the small margin of seven points separates thepi, the Delta Chis are leading the pack towards the participation trophy with 576 points to their credit. Second place honors are being divided between Phi Kappa Tau and Sigma Alpha Mu with 568 points apiece while 566 points entitle Phi Kappa Sigma to fourth place, and Delta Tau Delta places fifth with 656 points. “While baseball and mass golf are already under way, competition will begin in horseshoe doubles, tennis, and outdoor track soon,” M. L. Clevett, intramural director, said yesterday. Flyers Will Compete Over Airport Today This afternoon the Purdue Flying Club will sponsor a flying contest at the University Airport, beginning at 1:30 p. m. Yesterday afternoon two boys from Akron University, in Akron, 0., arrived at the Airport in a plane that they will enter in the contest. One of the boys Dean Triplett, regional vice-presi-dent of the national intercollegiate flying club, will fly the plane in today’s contest. The contest has three major events including: 1. A 500-foot spot landing with two attempts. 2. A 1,000-foot spot landing with two attempts. 3. A bomb dropping contest. About 25 flyers are expected to be entered in the contest. Anyone desiring to enter the contest that has not filled out an entry blank can do so at the field this afternoon. Chess Players Trip lllini Trio Via Radio Top ranking chess players from Purdue’s Chess Club defeated a three-man Illinois University board team in a match lasting over four hours yesterday. This consultation type match, in which three men played to a board, was played via radio reports emanating from W9YB, Purdue’s radio club station, in cooperation with a station at Illinois operated by Synton, Illinois Radio fraternity. ’• E. A. Smith, H. Curtner, and S. B. Legg, players on the University’s club, were the members of the victorious team. Illinois squad members were G. Parker, A. Humphrey, and S. Howell. Illinois delegates to the AIEE conference saw both teams in action when they witnessed the Purdue troupe begin the match, and then saw their team at Champaign complete the battle. Moves were transmitted by a system using numbered squares on the board. Chicago Industrialist Will Address Distribution Class C. L. Saunders, Chicago, 111., vicepresident of the Minneapolis Honeywell Regulator Co., will address the class in “Distribution of Engineering Pr^ucts” at 8 a. m., Wednesday, May 3, in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. This is one in a series of special lectures on salesmanship that have been arranged for this class. These lectures will be open to all interested students, according to R. M. Stainton, instructor. All meetings for the class for these special lectures are held in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building on the scheduled days. Frank Stannard... ... of Cincinnati, 0., while on his way to Lafayette to make arrangements for enrollments in the University next fall, was severely cut on the head and hands when the automobile in which he was riding collided with an oil truck on U. S. 52, seven miles southwest of the city, yesterday morning. Stannard was riding with Robert Stamler, a neighbor, who was later arrested and fined $6 for reckless driving.
Buckles Awarded Prizes In Digest Caimera Contest Robert A. Buckles, EE ’39, and a member of the University Camera Club, has been awarded two prizes in the Collegiate Digest national photo contest, the editors of the publication announced yesterday. His Scenic picture, “Sylvan Serenity,” was given third prize in the pictorial division, while his bas-re-lief photo, “Cameo,” was given honorable mention. Both photos will be featured in the annual Salon Edition of Collegiate Digest, and both have been selected as honor prints for the traveling Collegiate Digest salon whcih will be exhibited at colleges and universities throughout the United States. The exhibit will come to the University in the near future. * Leathernecks Arrange To Stay In town Overnight By E. J. Mundorf “Where can we have some fun tonight?” inquired several of the Leathernecks, as 21 members of the Western State Teachers’ College baseball team remained in the local camp last night as they enjoyed a short vacation after four straight days of baseball games. Although the squad was supposed to leave immediately after the contest, the members bribed, demanded or convinced their coach that they should stay in town until this morning, when, it is rumored that the coach intended to leave by 6 p. m. When asked their opinion of the Purdue athletic facilities, the Leathernecks were unanimously agreed that the local accommodations are tops. Junior Willard, second sacker exclaimed in his own quiet manner, “The diamond is the fastest and the best we’ve ever played upon and that Fieldhouse, it’s swell.” Although Junior Willard and his brother Glenn are playing their first year of varsity baseball for their Alma Mater, they have been playing together at second and shortstop for nearly five years which has enabled them to become very effective in engineering double plays. Not only do the brothers play together on the baseball squad, but they are also powerful pinions on the basketball floor. While Glenn’s preference is unknown. Junior shrugged his shoulders and said, “Yea, I think I’d rather play baseball.” Although the Leathernecks hail from a school that boasts of only a thousand enrollment, tomorrow they continue playing their murderous schedule which includes four games a week for nearly the rest of the spring schedule. 'Mikado' Workers To Have Banquet Friday Evening Banquet for all members of the cast, chorus, work committees of the late Playshop production “Mikado” will be held next Friday evening at 6 p. m. at Lincoln Lodge. The Board of Control urges that everyone eligible should sign up before Thursday noon in the music office of Fowler Hall. The banquet is free. ‘ Transportation will be furnished for all those who do not have a way to get to Lincoln Lodge if they will meet at Fowler Hall at 6:46 p. m. The banquet will be over early in the evening according to the board. The committee appointed to take ch^ge of the affair are: J. T. DonovOT, chairman; Harold Schulte registration; Martha Moorhead, banquet preparation; Mary Jane Carr, program; Charles Graham, transportation. Rev: Lord Will Speak On War Experiences “With the Book and the Boys in the Trenches,” will be Reverend J. A. Lord’s subject for the Roger Williams Club meeting on Sunday, April 30. The informal meeting, which is open to everyone, is sponsored by the discussion group of the Roger William’s Club, and will last from 6:30 to 7:30 p. m.
Dr. j. W. Robinson -■ (Continued from page 1)
the attention of the class. Students for the most part are not inclined to listen to what their classmates say in recitation, hence the value of class discussion is lost.” Value Of Conventions In connection with good teaching principles, Dr. Robinson commented, “the ability to use your voice in a pleasant, effective manner is an art which should be cultivated, especially by a person interested in teaching.” When questioned concerning the value of attendance at conventions of leaders in different educational fields, he stated unhesitatingly, “a professor, as part of his job, should keep in contact with what is going on in his profession, getting new ideas from the leaders and others that speak at those conventions. Teachers ought to attend the conventions and meetings of their professional organizations.” In closing. Dr. Robinson stressed the fact that while the studying of engineering does limit and narrow one’s line of interests, a clever student should find time to schedule certain non-technical courses that will give him a wide and varied background for future work that will require more than just engineering knowledge.
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE EXPONENT
Classified Mds
MISCELLANEOUS
E. ROVER—CONTRACTOR for carpenter, cement and brick work. Excavating. Phone 4787.
GLASS—For autos, desks, dressers, furniture. Mirrors. Wauthier’s Glass Shop. Phone 7949.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Rimless glasses in black case. Reward. Call 8407. J. E. Stall.
Sunday. April 30. 1930
Activities Bureau Freshmen: All committees meet in room B of the Union at 4 p. m. Monday, May 1. New committee are; Stewait and Darr chairmen ; Deutman, Gunkel, Truebloqd, Hedderich, Mefford. ifoelkel, chairnnan: DeWitt, Walley, Whitney, Dimmich, Endlow. Gipe chairman; Chambers, Ochilti-ee, Cox, Husted, Miller. Houser, chairman ; Yoder, Hollet, Bremer, Good, and Margolis. , -JORGESON.
Union Workers: Will all available workers please report to the Union offices any time after 8 p. m. Sunday, April 80. —CREPPS.
Camera Club: Second meeting of the Debris course of instruction will be Tuesday, May 2, at 7:80 in the Chestnut Boom of the Union. Discussion of papers and types of printing. —HEDDEN/
Pi Tau Sigma: Important meeting Tumday. May 2, at 4 p. m. in the Pi Tau Sigma room in the Mechanical Engineering Building. Tickets for the All-Engineering Banquet will be distributed. Plans for the spring picnic will be discussed. Pull attend-
ance is urged. —HARVEY.
Pi Tau Sigma: Seniors may obtain plaques and magazines from Riise at Acacia
—HARVEY.
house.
ROTC Members—Corps Day formations for May 2nd and 4th are canceled. The Corps will be reviewed at 4 p. m., Friday, May 6th as a part of Gala Week exercises. —MORSE.
Christian Science Organization: Regulai; meeting will be held Tuesday, May 2, at 7:30 p. m. in room C of the Union. —MACK.
Freshman and Sophomore Union Workers: Report to the Union office Monday afternoon for work on “Dad’s News." —CREPPS.
Scrivener Subscribers: Following subscribers get their current copies at the office any afternoon before May 6: Buck, Johnson, Gordon, Cassman, Alburn, Page, Strong, Schafer, Gerstung. —PAARLBERG.
NYA Workers: Checks for period ending April 16 may be obtained at the cashier’s office in the Executive Building. (6-1) —HOLLENSBE.
Alpha Lambda Delta: See notice on bulletin board in WSGA office or in Miss Coolidge’s office. (6-2) —LE BOEUP.
Fraternity Presidents; Regular meeting of fraternity presidents will be held Wednesday, May 3, at 7:16 p. m. in the Union. Both incoming and outgoing officers must be present. Full attendance is necessary. -DEAN.
Glee Club: Report to Fowler Hall Sunday, April 30, at 2:46 p. m. in business suits. —PORCESTER,
Debris Sophomores: Important meeting for all sophomore workers on the editorial, business, and photography staff, Monday, May 1, at 4 p. m. in the Debris office. -WINTER.
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
WSGA Board: Junior executive board members please be in women’s lounge in the Union at 6:46 Tuesday, May 2, to usher for marital lecture. ' —SEXTON. Radio Club: Meeting 'Tuesday, May 2, at 7:30 p. m. in room 284 of the Electrical Engineering Building. Election of officers will take place at this time. —BROWN. English I, Spejling Class and Exam: A spelling class will meet Monday through Friday,_ May l-6,_ at 6 o’clock, in room 101, Education Building. Your instructor will give a make-up test soon after the conclusion of the class. _ First semester students, with C’s for spelling, whose instructors are no longer here, should come to room 211, University Hall, on Monday afternoon, i/Lay 8, at 6 o’clock. —WYKOPP. Kappa Beta: Important meeting in room C of the Union at 7:30 p. m. Monday May 1. —REES.
PIA Board: Meeting Monday, May 1, at 7:16 p. m. in PIA office in Union. —HINSHAW.
Exponent Sophomores, Juniors: Interviews will start at 6:30 p. m., Monday, May 1, in the Union office. Cheek schedule in office for your appointments. —HARDIN. Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting Monday, May 1, at 6 p. m. in loom F of the Union. —AYASUN.
WAA Baseball: Tuesday, May 2, at 4 P^. m.: Alpha Xi vs. Wards 1 and 8; PI Phi vs. Residence Hall. —COOK. Scabbard and Blade: Election of officers Tuesday, May 2, in the Union ballroom at 7 p. m. Attendance compulsory. —ZIMMER. YWCA Officers: Installation of officers postponed until Tuesday, May 2. —KLINE. Scriveners: Last guest meeting Sunday, Apnl 80, at 7:30 p. m. in room 2 of the Union. All members please come. Manuscripts accepted. -JUSTIN. ASME : Indianapolis motor speedway qualification pit passes will not be issued until the 2nd or 3rd week in May. Watch for an announcement at that time. (6-2) —ERR.
the Purdue Exponent * Service ' Directory
• Bookstores
• Professional
"DEAC" Everything for i College Education H. G. REISNER
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 11916 Vine Waat Lafayette Phone 4965
• jewelers
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUt ^ RISIC—0,DA
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER Thla la eN cb/ but wa it wall. Oppeaita Poat OWoa Wallaca Bloi^ 322 Parry St.
• Play Golf
• Printing
SPECIAL SALE OF GOLF CLUBS ' AND BAGS AT ABOUT HALF PRICE At the Pro Shop at the Driving Range LINEE'S FIELDS Ask for VVIIIlam Philpot, Pro, and get properly fitted with clubs at a griat savings. *
nRINTING Office Sblloncry. , Q 1 Wcddins InvIUdoni ■ fftlsi Booki, Elc.... MM CASSEL'S 408lFER|iy
%