Purdue
Z>l«
Exponent
Volume 5L No. 165
Sunday. April 28, 1940
A Week of War By J. H. McKee Germany Is Now Officially At War . . . with Norway, it was announced yesterday morning by Adolf Hitler preceding the “defense” speech of Joachim von Ribbentrop in which the foreign minister defended the German invasion of Norway. Claiming that Germany now has “documentary proof” that Britain and France were planning an invasion of the north European country, von Ribbentrop said that Germany entered Norway just a short time before the Allies were scheduled to land. He said that the Allies planned “to destroy Germany” by the Norwegian invasion. The evidence that the Nazis claim to have in their possession was taken from a British staff commander bearing “a number of political and militarily important British operations, orders, and documents.”
Hitler’s announcement fixed the blame for the Scandinavian invasion on the Norwegian government ^ of Johan Nygaardsvold, which created, he said, the state of war. In England the announcement of the “documentary proof” was regarded ! publically as “another German hoax without any trace of truth or humor.” Scattered Reports ... of an Allied advance here and a German advance there, and of Allied retreats here and German retreats there, make a review of land activities in the North difficult. Reports originating from different points are contradictory. The only fact that.is certain is that Allied and German troops are fighting in central Norway, south of the city of Trondheim. German Troops . . . occupied the Norwegian railway center at Steinkjer after a night long artillery bombardment. The British and Norwegian defenders of the city retieated north to a new position. The artillery bombardment was described by Swedish news agencies as the most devastatihg of the war. The six thousand residents of Steinkjer were left homeless after a shower of incendiary bombs. That Britain's Navy . . . will shortly be strengthened by five new battleships, King George, Prince of Wales, Duke of York, Jellicoe, and Beatty, was an- ^ rounced by the British admiralty. ^^\The warships will be of the 36,000toQ^^jlags, each carrying three aircraft. Following the announcement of the naval additions, the admiralty stated that the British navy had suffered 18 ship casualties since the outbreak of the war, against 24 losses for the Germans. These figures did not include submarines. The Royal Air Forco ... bombers operated against several German and German-held air bases last Wednesday and claimed (Continued on page 2)
ROTC Will Present Review For Rotary Group Tomorrow First of the series of military reviews to be given by the University ROTC Corps will be presented tomorrow at 4:20 p.m. on Intramural Field before delegates of the Rotary International’s twenty-sixth annual convention which opens today on the campus. The Corps will assemble in the Armory at 4 o’clock and from there will march to Intramural Field. Other reviews in the near future are the Gala Week review on May 3, and the National Inspection on May 9. For the Gala Week review the Corps will assemble in the Armory at 3:40 p.m. and will be on the field at 4 o’clock. Pedestrians who wish to watch the reviews will find it more convenient to enter the Intramural Field by the third or fourth street gates, according to a bulletin received from military offices in the Armory. For tomorrow’s review it is suggested by Army officers in charge of the review that members of the Rotary International will be able to park their cars along the east side of the field near the reviewing stand by entering at the fourth street gate.
Xi Sigma Pi
. . . national forestry honorary, announces the election of the following officers: Floyd B. Kelsey, forester; James R. Blackwell, associate forester; Elmer W. Shaw, secretary fiscal agent; and Professor B. N. Prentice, ranger. 1 Sigma Alpha Mu . . . social fraternity, held its spring formal last night in the north ballroom of the Union. Music for the occasion was furnished by Irvin Maury’s orchestra.
Collegians Get Good Grades In Church Attendance Survey
By Joe Bdden (Student Opinion Surveys of America) AUSTIN, Texas, April 27 — As church-goers, American college students give themselves a good grade. A national poll of the Student Opinion Surveys of America just completed reveals: 1. Only one-eighth declare they never attend church; 40 per cent say they go regularly. 2. A majority state they go to church more often or at least about the same as they did before they came to college. Religiousness Lost The poll, taken by personal inteiviewers from coast to coast, provides the first complete answer to the significant question often asked: Do college students lose some of their religiousness when they leave home ? A good number, 46 per cent, admit they attend services less often than they did before they arrived on the campus. What may be surprising to some is that 15 per cent of the students say they are now going to church
more often than when they were home. Catholics Lead As was to be expected. Catholics appear in the results as the least apt to change their habits on religion upon leaving their homes, and they take honors for regular church going. Tabulations of church-attendance for the entire college and university enrollment of the nation are given below. It should be considered that Jewish church services often conflict with campus social life and scholastic schedules; thus the lower attendance shown than for Gentiles: Do you attend church regularly, only occasionally, or never?
Regulaily Occasionally Never
All Prot Oath. Jew Other 40% 39% 75% 9% 24% 48 54 20 67 55 12 7 5 24 21
Do you go to church more often or less often than you did before you came to college ? All Prot Oath. Jew Other More often 15% 16% 10% 12% 18% Less often 46 49 31 52 43 About same 39 36 59 86 89
Student Aid Fund Opens Drive Today To Aid War Victims In a campus-wide drive for funds the Student Service Committee today opened its campaign for aid to foreign students whose further education has been made impossible in Europe and the Far East. Committee members stated that the drive will continue through May 1. Collection boxes will be available in many campus buildings, and representatives of the Student Service Fund will solicit contributions. The committee was formed following a "recent meeting of campus activity leaders^eaded by R. E. Insley, Exponelff*editor. Everett Hobbs was elected chairman of the committee and Prof. L. M. Sears heads a faculty committee. The goal of the Service Fund on the University campus has been set at 500 dollars. A similar campaign at the University of Illinois recently netted 1,300 dollars, according to
Hobbs.
Funds collected by the Committee will be divided equally between European and Far East students. Money going to the European fund will be used for projects wherever prominent educators who are administering the money believe victims of war and national disintegration require it. Among the European projects for which the funds will be diverted are the transferring to South America or Mexico of Spanish loyalist students now imprisoned in France, rehabilitation of 1,400 Polish students in Hungary, and the operation of a foyer for 40 Polish students at the University of Bucharest. In the Far East funds will be used to help operate Chinese universities forced to migrate inland after the Japanese invasion. Ninety-five per cent of China’s schools or colleges have been closed or destroyed
by war.
Seniors May Apply For Extra Tickets To Commencement Applications for tickets to June 9 commencement exercises will be received from 4 to 5 p.m. tomorrow and Tuesday in the north room of the alumni offices in the west wing of the Union, senior passports being required. Seniors may apply for a limited number of extra tickets, not including the four tickets which are given each candidate upon payment of the five dollar diploma fee at the cashier’s office in the Executive building. Diploma fees may be paid at any time until June 6. Commencement Invitations For senior girls who have been on inspection trips during the past week and for others who have not ordered, commencement invitations and announcements may be ordered at Deac’s, Southworth’s, and the Union west desk from 7 a.m. to 8 p.m., Monday, April 29. After this time no invitations or announcements will be available, according to the Gala Week committee. PI A, Independent Plan Joint Banquet PIA and the Purdue Independent will hold their joint banquet at 6:30 p. m. Tuesday in rooms 322 to 324 of the Union. R. B. Stewart, controller of the University, will be the speaker, and key awards will be made to PIA members. The Lamb trophy will be awarded to the freshman most active in PIA, and the H. G. Reisner scholastic trophy will go to the senior having the highest scholastic index for four school years. Twenty-five tickets are available
Riveter Baseballers Outhit Maroons^ But Drop 2-1 Decision Higgins Loser
Playshop To Present Last Play Of Season, 'Fresh Fields/ In May Playshop will climax its current campus season with the production of “Fresh Fields,” a “comedy of manners” which will run from May 8 until May 11 on the stage of Eliza Fowler Hall. The play concerns the plight of English nobility with high breeding and culture, but no excess money. The plot thickens and the action precipitates with the intrusion of several wealthy Australians who have plenty of money to burn but lack the least resemblance of social breeding. The funny plights in which the characters become ensnared made the play a great suc-
Starting tomorrow Playshop season tickets may be exchanged for reserved seats to the last Playshop production of the current season, “Fresh Fields.” From tomorrow on the Playshop box office in Fowler Hall will be open every afternoon from 3 to 5 p.m.
cess in London and New York. The play also was a hit on the University of Wisconsin campus. Ivor Norvello, who is both a prominent English actor and playwright, is the author. The cast was announced as follows: Vinton Taylor as Una; Sue Enders as Lady Lillian; Bernice Beisel as Mrs. Pidgeon; Patricia Frigge as Lady Strome; Mary Johnston as Lady Mary; Josephine Stong as Miss Swaine; Don Salmond as Tom; Carl Thompson as Tim; and Eugene Bacon as Ludlow. Mary Johnston appeared on the stage recently as Dame Paula, the laundress-foster mother in “Sweethearts,” this year’s Varsity Show. Don Salmond and Carl Thompson participated in both “Winterset” and “Seventh Heaven,” previous playshop productions. Vinton Taylor, Sue Enders, and Bernice Beisel have appeared in laboratory group plays. All “Exponent” workers, of all classifications and types, are requested to be in the editorial offices in the Union at 5:30 p.m. today to journey out to the Lincoln Lodge for the annual “Exponent” banquet. Those who have cars bring them! Pres. Elliott To Preside At Music Hall Opening President E. C. Elliott will preside at each of the dedicatory programs of the Hall of Music on Friday and Saturday, and the University symphonic band will open the program each evening, it was announced yesterday. Rev. J. W. Findley, director of the Westminster Foundation; the glee club; Davis Ross, president of the Board of Trustees; and Paul Cooper, Student Union president, will all appear at the Friday opening. Saturday night’s program will include the concert choir; Dr. Reese Thornton, rector of St. John’s Episcopal Church; Lieut. Gov. Henry Schricker; and a short address by John M. Carmody, administrator of the Federal Works Agency in Washington, D. C. Carmody’s talk will be relayed by telephone from Washington over the public address system. Approximately 600 tickets remain for the Friday night cere- ■ monies. These seats are in the second balcony. Five thousand tickets for townspeople, faculty, and alumni were put on sale Thursday for the Saturday dedication program.
By Bob Swaim Masterful hurling by Riveter pitchers failed to keep the vic-tory-starved Chicago Maroons from greedily grabbing their first conference victory in six starts yesterday at the Midway diamond. Although the Riveter artillery solved the delivery of Garverick, Maroon right-hander, for eight blows, it wasn’t as efficient in producing runs as the Maroons, dropping the decis-
ion, 2-1.
Tight pitching was the highspot of the tilt with the total hits for both teams amounting to only 12 bingles. Hurler Higgins, Riveter right-hander, fairly starved the Maroon batsmen with his assortment of pitches, but a leaky infield, besides making a bobble himself, put the Boilermakers in trouble sev-
eral times.
Maroons Airtight Errorless fielding greatly aided the Maroons in keeping the eight Riveter hits from paying dividends, while in the Boilermaker column, errors by Co-captain Heame and hurler Higgins led directly to tallies for the Maroons. Recently referred to as the fraction in the Big 9%, the Chicago nine definitely employed its better half against Purdue in order to even the week-end double header at one game apiece. For the first three frames runmaking was at a standstill, but in the fourth inning Chicago produced two runs. Two more scoreless frames passed before the Riveters could start production. A hard single by Smithson opened the splurge. Bud Fisher drew a pass. Higgins sacrificed the runners to second and third, from where McFerren batted in Smithson with a foul fly deep to left field, the gangling first sacker scoring after the catch. Higgins Relieved Emmert took the mound for the Boilermakers after one Maroon had been retired in the eighth, and quickly ended a threat of the cellardwellers. In the Purdue half of the eighth frame Lefty Lopatka, who was bested by Bob Bailey in Friday’s game, left his garden position to pitch the last two innings. Lopatka also starred at bat for the Maroons, collecting two of the team’s total of four hits. Manders, right fielder, batted out the other two
bingles.
Frank Smithson, who before has been recognized for his fielding rather than stick wielding, snapped (Continued on page 2)
1000 Rotarians Open Annual Convention On Campus Today Twenty-sixth annual convention of, the 154th and 156th districts of the Rotary International will open today with registration in the Union at 1 p.m. Over one thousand pepple are expected to attend the conference, which will continue through
Tuesday noon.
Following registration tomorrow, there will be a short reception program. At 6:30 p.m. Rotarians and their families will be guests at an informal dinner, which will be followed by group singing and a performance by the University concert choir, directed by Albert P. Stewart. Tomorrow At 10 A.M. , Tomorrow morning at 10 o’clock Charles W. Beese, conference chairman, will call the conference to order. This will be followed by addresses by Eth Baugh, alumni secretary; Gerald Edson Murray, governor of the 154th Rotary district; Russell L. Showalter, governor 155th Rotary district; Allen Oliver, Rotary International representative at the conference; William Gear Spencer, president Franklin College, Franklin; and Rev. Peter Soudah,
Fowler.
At the 12:30 luncheon in the Union ballroom, new clubs will be presented and Will Taylor, of Spring(Continued on page 2)
l^usic Hall's Many Advantages Solve Entertainment Problem
Br Bill Heaton Mechanical features of the Hall of Music design provide much food for thought. Among the outstanding installations are those for airconditioning, soupd and lighting systems, and the movable orchestra
pit.
“Mushroom” vents scattered beneath the seats provide inlets for fresh, filtered, and'either heated or cooled air. Large pits with grated covers may be found beneath the side entrances. Suction fans conduct the. outside air through large pipes and into the auditorium through the above-mentioned vents. Suspended Lights The long tiers of ceiling lights have been suspended from the ceiling and above them may be found continuous openings. These vents are connected with long pipes running along the attic floor. Rising stale air is carried opt of the building through these pipes. Just another feature to insure your comfort! In case you happen to look upward, you will probably notice a small cubicle cut into the ceiling. Don’t let it worry you, it isn’t Proxy’s private box. Instead it’s merely a window for the sound control booth. Fi’om this vantage point those in charge of the sound amplif3fing and controlling system have a perfect view of the stage. Entrance to this room is from the attic. If you’re ever up there, don’t fail to see it. Master Control Board A large master control board has
According to Prof. C. S^jDoan, in
to PIA members at 76 cents apiececharge of ticket sales, the^e ticketsjust been put in place for complete
in the PIA office. • are being sold rapidly. control of stage and house lights.for almost any type of gathering.
Supplementing this remote control system is the manual control afforded over certain of the lights. We refer mainly to the bank of lights mounted on an overhead track. This arrangement, in addition to the portable and fixed flood and spot lights, presents a suitable variety of lighting control. Perhaps most interesting to the audience along this line will be the stage lights mounted in the ceiling of the auditorium. Placed in six small cubicles in the ceiling, similar to the arrangement for the sound control booth, these lights are spaced in a row across the ceil-
ing down front. Movable Platform
The orchestra pit, large enough for at least fifty musicians, should be another source of interest. In its lowest position the movable platform is on a level with the basement. Here the orchestra may step
into its “elevator.”
Three stops have been provided for the platform. The lowest of these three stops brings the musi(nans to a position where they can just be seen above the pit rsdling. Second stop places the platform itself at the height of the railing. Highest position brings the platform on a level with the stage floor, about a foot above the pit railing. Proper control of these and. its other excellent facilities should give you and the University a Hall of Music superbly fitted for convos, lectures, and theatrical entertainments! The flexibility of its arrangements and resources suite itP0BDUE EXPONENT
Sunday, April 28, 1940 0
Senate Compiles Exam Booklets For Student Use In order to relieve congestion in the library prior to semester examinations, copies of examinations in certain required courses ai’e being 'published by the University in six booklets compiled by the Student Senate. The booklets will be ready foi distribution between the first and fourth of May and may be obtained in the cashier’s office for 50 cents a copy. The exam booklets cover each of the following years and schools: book 1, fi’eshman engineers; book 2, sophomore engineers; book 3, junior and senior mechanical engineers; book 4, home economics freshman; book 5, agriculture and forestry freshman and agriculture sophomores; and book 6, freshman, sophomore, junior, and senior science. Because this is the first attempt and because of the cost involved, to publish anything of this nature, only schools having the largest representation have been covered. Should these prove satisfactory. Student Senate officials stated that an effort would be made to print mimeographed semester examinations in required courses for the entire student body.
I WBAA MONDAY 11:00—History of the 19th Century Prof. V. L. Albjerg 11:50—Purdue News Flashes 12:00—Ag. Forum 12:15—Sports Review 12:30—Meet the Band 12:45—Market Reports 1:00—Principles of Sociology — Prof. T. K. Noss 1:45—Monitor Views the News 2:00—Afternoon Music 2:30—Foods-Facts-Fancies 2:45—Mary L. Switzer—pianist 3:00—Little Red Schoolhouse of the Air 3:30—Scientific News 4:00—Jane Gaunt—soprano 4:15—Melody Moods 4:30—Pat Keiser—^pianist 4:45—Story Book Hour
Notices
Exponent Freshmen Editorial Workers: The following men are scheduled as assisttant night editors during the next two weeks: Streid, April 23; Johnson, 24; Allanson, 26 : Overman, 26 : Thran, 27 : Novey, 29, Zinski, 30 ; Kolb, May 1; Adams, 2:: Amos, 3; and Stoeckel, 4. It is important that \ou report on these days. —FRED.
Freshmen Engineers; All freshmen Engineers are cordially invited to attend the annual banquet of the Purdue Student Chapter of American Society of Civil Engineers Thursday, May 2, at 7 p.m. in the West Faculty Lounge. 60 tettte per plate. Tickets may be purchased at Union desk or in. Mam office of Civil Engineering Building. Special entertainment. „„„„„ —QUEBE.
All Independent Co-eds: All interested in position of Women’s Activities Chairman of PIA for next year should leave petitions in the PIA office by Monday, April 29, at 6 p. m. No signatures needed. —MUSSER.
Modern Dance Club: Special rehearsal Sunday, April 28, in the Women’s gym at 2 :80 p m All members must be present. —KNIGHT.
Virginia C. Meredith Club and Omicron Nu: Chairmen of committees for banquet meet at 4 p. m., Monday, April 29, in room 108 in the Home Economics building. —MONK.
EE Open House Workers: Give John Nitsche a list of the signs you will need for cour demonstration by Tuesday, April 30. —KEEN.
Gimlet: Important meeting Wednesday, May 1, at 7 :'10 p. m., at Sigma Nu house. —PRAZEE.
Christian Science Organisation: Meeting will be held Tuesday, April 30, at 7 :80 p. m.. in room 808 of the Union. —KNIPP.
A Week Of War (Continued from page 1) heavy damage. For 100 minutes planes bombed the island air base at Sylt, but German air officials said the damage was “little and of non-military nature.” RAP officials claimed 20 Nazi planes were “heavily bombed and a number believed destroyed” at the German-held base at Stavanger, Norway. The Kristlansand port, also German-held, received similar treatment. Runways and hangers at the Danish base at Aarlborg were damaged. Captain R. M. Losey . . . United States Air Attache, was killed the first of last week by a German bomb splintei; in Dombas, Norway, and became the first American casualty in the Scandinavian conflict. Losey was standing just outside a tunnel watching the progress of an air battle when he was hit. In The "American . . . . White Paper,” written by columnists Joseph Alsop and Robert Kintner, published last week, is the study of how the diplomats— Roosevelt, Hull, Welles, and Berle, Jr.—^believing that war was inevitable tried to formulate a United States’ foi’eign policy: to prevent war if possible; if war was inevitable to use every method possible to assure a victoi’y for the democracies; to recognize that neutrals are “parties at interest” in modern war, and particularly in the postwar settlements; to gain political commitments in the western hemisphere and work toward a more stable economy for the whole world; to ^ssure the United States, no matter what happened, “will not send troops abroad.”
Advanced Course Military Students: Those who have checked sabers, from supply room will report there before noon Monday, April 29, and exchange for new sabers. —HATTAN. All Exponent Workers: Banquet tonight at 6 p.m in Lincoln Lodge. —HEIPLE
Kenneth E. Burbrink RjyeterS LoSC
. .. was awarded the honor key at the annual senior Agricultural Education option banquet held last Thursday evening in the Home Economics building. Burbrink was chosen by the otheT members of his class as the most outstanding senior on the basis of character, relative scholarship, personality, leadership, sincerity, cooperativeness, attitude and loyalty. Eighteen seniors were eligible for the merit award.
Rotarians
(Continued from page 1) field, 111., will be the principal speaker. Business Meeting The early part of the afternoon’s program will be given over to business meetings. At 3 o’clock the 154th and 155th districts will hold separate sessions, and then at 3:30 the tw'o districts will have a joint business meeting. Review of the University ROTC corps at 4:15 will close the afternoon activities. Evening session of the convention will open with a banquet in the Union ballrooms. Entertainment for the dinner will be furnished by Norma Ballard at the electric organ. Elliott Speaks Further entertainment throughout the evening will be provided by the University symphonic band, the men’s glee club, and the Zou-‘ aves. At 8:45 President E. C. Elliott will give an address, which will be followed by a speech by Allen Oliver. The day’s activities will close with the Governor’s Ball in the south ballroom. Irvin Maury’s band will play for the dance, which will start at 10:30 p.m.
(Continued from page 1) out of his slump to make three of the eight Boilermaker hits. In Friday’s game, Smithson shared the brunt of the attack with two hits. Notre Dame Tomorrow Remaining in Chicago over Sunday, where they tvill view the White Sox-Browns major league tilt, the squad of 21 Riveters will head for South Bend Monday morttifig to meet Notre Dame’s Ramblers that afteynoon. Summary: PURDUE AB R H E McFerren, 2b 5 0 0 0 Vernon, cf 3 0 0 0 Stamm, If 2 0 1 0 Mackiewicz, 3b 3 0 0 0 Hearne, ss 4 0 2 1 War go, rf 3 0 0 0 Doherty, rf 0 0 0 0 Smithson, lb 4 13 0 Fisher, c 2 0 10 Higgins, p 10 0 1 Emmert, p 1 0 0 0 Blanken * 1 0 1 0
Totals
. 29
1
8
2
=* Batted for Doherty
in
8th.
CHICAGO
AB
R
H
E
Calogerato, 2b .
. 3
0
0
0
Levit, c
.... 4
0
0
0
Manders, rf
.... ’3
1
2
0
Loptka, cf
4
1
2
0
Hurney, ss ....
...3
0
0
0
Cowan, If
. 2
0
0
0
McCracken, 3b
. 2
0
0
0
Hirscjiberg, lb
. 2
0
0
0
Garverick, p
3
0
0
0
Totals
.. 261
2
4
0
Score by innings: Chicago 000 200 000 Puidue 000 000 100
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Roush initiation will be held Wednesday, May 1, at 7 p m., in the Chemistry buildins. Pledses, do not wear best clothes. Initiation paity will follow initiation. —HALL.
Union Workers: Meeting of all freshmen and sophomore workers in the Union office Monday, April 29, at 4 p.m. —HAMMON, SEIBERT,
Scriveners: Meeting Sunday Apiil 28, at •30 pm in room 303 of the Union —MUNRO
Union Workers: All available workers please come to work shop Sunday morning, April 28, to finish up Rotaiian decorations. —CLARK, BRODD.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE FOR SALE — Typewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebersheff, 605 Main street.
FOR RENT Russ—Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.50 all night. Phone 71644.
PIA Chorus: Rehearse in room 807 from 4:16 to 6:80 p. m., Thursday, _ April 25. Other rehearsals will be held Friday, April 26 at the same time, Monday, April 29 from 7 :30 to 8 :30 p. m., and Tuesday, April 80, at 4 :15 p. m. Every member must attend all rehearsals to take part in University Sing. —ARCHIBALD.
LOST AND FOUND Lost: Black zipper purse containing keys, pen, money. Return to Ruth Parker, 403 Wood. 31643. Liberal reward
THEY HAVE IN THEIR EYES! Deanna has two sim-tanned suitors in romantic Hawaii!
Starts TODAY \Mmem
Mortar Board: Compulsory meeting 7 p m., Sunday, April 28, WSGA office. —SAURER.
Scabbard and Blade: Election of officers Wednesday, May 1, at 7:30 p. m. in east faculty lounge _OLSON.
Reamer: Reamer Club meeting Monday, April 29, 1940 in room 203 of the Unian at * —BOHLIN.
Church of Christ: Meeting will be held Sunday, April 28, at 3 p. m. at 304 South 27 St. Lafayette. Frank Van Dyke will be in charge. _cANTONWINE.
Fencers: There will be no fencing practice Monday, April 29, because of the military re—PARK.
PIA Board: Important board meeting in PIA office Monday, April 29, at 7:16 p. m. All old and new board members are asked to attend. Women’s activity chairman will be selected and policy of organization will be discussed _ —MUSSER.
— EXTRA — "Know Your 'Money" A Crime Doesn'r Pay Feafurette
Starts TODAY
—. EXTRA — Color Cartoon Movietone News
Wesley Foundation
Wesley Foundation’s annual retreat for old and new^uncil members will be held todajNjat Battle Ground. An outdoor worship service at 11 o’clock will be led by Bonnie Swope and Rev. William A. McFadden. The business meeting will be held after dinner. This year’s retreat will be concluded with a softball game, which will last Until 4:30 p.m. Transportation will be provided for those wishing to attend the retreat. Candlelight Banquet A candlelight banquet sponsored by Wesley Foundation was held last Friday evening in the Home Economics building. Rev. A. M. McPawl of Indiana University, guest speaker, spoke on “Light.” Five Indiana University students, guests of the foundation, also spoke at the banquet. Yesterday these stlidents visited the University co-op-erative houses to get information helpful in starting a similar movement on the Indiana campus. Scholarship awards to two sumsented to Cornelia Caldwell and Edmer college conferences were preward Brown, newly elected Wesley Foundation heads, for outstanding ■v(^ork. University AIME Has^ District Meeting Purdue chapter of AIME, national engineering organization, was host yesterday to the Chicago section, which is making its annual spring field trip. President Edward C. Elliott, Professor J. L. Bray, and Dean Potter, spoke at the luncheon given in room 363 of the Union. .
ARC
— TODAY - MONDAY
with ROLAND DREW STEFFI DONA CRETA GRANDSTEDT ALLAN LADD LDCIENPRIVAL and an Immense Cast of Internationally Famous Players From the stoiy “GOOSE STEP" by Shepard Traube PRODUCERS PICTURES CORPORATION Attraction — AND —
— ALSO — SHORT SUBJECT
Dairy Technicians T0 Meet June 24-28 Dairy instructors, technicians, and extension workers will meet on the University camjms June 24 to 28 for the thirty-fifth annual conference of the American Dairy Science Association, Prof. B. E. Horrall*, of the dairy husbandry department, announced yesterday. A detailed conference program, Dr. Horrall stated, will include presentation of papers about the many phases of the dairy industry, a number of awards given by dairy manufacturers, and many recreational and amusement events.
Glenville State Teachers College basketball teams have traveled more than 250,000 miles in the past 14 years.
LUNA - TODAY - MONDAY -
as ilia Oaiica Hall Hnteriainsr, Hailens' DIETRICH discloses a Fasdnatioii nsTor revaaled-’
PLUS--2ND FEATURE SECRETS FOR SALE!^*
IT'S A FIRST RUN
^ Niw ■MaIH STARTS TODAY — 2 SWELL FEATURES
FROM AMERICA’S FAVORITE FOUR!
U'tx' \ *‘^Four Daughters" * iWscilla Lane Rosemary Lane Lola Lane-Gale Page „ Grander Than Ever As the fmrWites
PLUS
— WITH—• JEFFREY LYNN JOHN GARFIELD
Invisible . . . But Indelible . . . The Stripes That None Could See , . . But All Could Feel! GEORGE RAFT JANE BRYAN , HUMPHREY BOGART — IN-~ INVISIBLE STRIFES(
mfum MMi
Sunday, April 28, 1940
POSDUE EXPONENT
Fast f le/^ At t^rake Relays Gives Boilermekers Tough Competition Although the Riveter representatives couldn^t wrestle any blue ribbons from trackmen assembled from 26 states, at the Drake Relays, the Phillips coached one mile relay anchored by Captain Red Shackleton flashed past the finishing mark in fourth place, several yards behind the winning Michigan anchor man, Breidenbach. Jake Weber and the medley sprint relay team qualified for yesterday’s finals, but neither could gain a winning place.
Thefee relays, held annually since 1910, attracted over 2,600 trackmen from the middle west. This year, as m almost every year since its start, records wer^ given a tumble. In Friday’s qualifying lound, meet marks were set in the discus, college half mile relay, and university sprint medley relay. Indiana Does It Again As usual, the Indiana tracksters, coached by E. C. Hayes, to6k the bulk of the firsts, gaining wins in the university four-mile relay, medley sprint relay, besides performances by the prize sophomore, Cochrane. Conference quarter mile champion and holder of the world’s record for the distance, Cochrane broke the tape in his favorite event yesterday in very good time. In the pole vault Bryan, of Texas, scored an upset over the favored Earle Meadows, Southern California, and Milt Padway, of Wisconsin, by clearing the bar at 14 feet. This mark is a half foot shy of the mark held jointly by Meadows and Albritton, a Buckeye. Wolcott Retains Title Fred Wolcott, a streak from Rice, retained his 1939 relay title in the 120 yard high hurdles by skimming the barriersT-m 14.2 seconds. This, however, m^ne tenth of a second slower than the relay record which he set last year. Archie Harris, dusky giant from Indiana, tossed the shot put 48 feet to win over a field of weak competitors. Qualify Three In Friday’s qualifying round the Boilermakers made themselves eligible in three events for yesterday afternoon’s finals. The sprint medley relay team placed fourth in the first heat, winning the right to advance to the finals. In that race.
won by Indiana, the Hoosiers equaled the relay record set last year. The Riveter mile relay combination finished third in the first heat of that event, which was copped by Michigan. Forrest Weber qualified for the finals in the shot put by heaving the 16 pound weight the fourth farthest distance. Water Show Closes Indoor T ankSeason Still greater than the two previous water carnivals held earlier this year, the Galacade, which brings together swimming stars from all over the midwest, will serve as the grand finale to the Boilermaker swimming season when the first splash ripples gway Friday night at 8:30 in the Fieldhouse. The carnival will contain events for both the Mid States and Indiana AAU Indoor Swimming Championships. Sponsored by the Dolphin Club, Boilermaker swimming honorary, the Galacade will combine the best of the earlier Aquacades with the AAU Championships, which together should form a fastmoving, thrill-packed program for the Gala Week visitors. Kappa Alpha Theta . . . entertained last evening with a dinner in room 363 of the Union. After the dinner, the sorority and its guests went back to the chapter house for a dance
Pop Doan Drills Freshman Nine Crack! And a rhinie pill-socker tossed his bat to the ground and tore like a professional for the initial sack, in a typical “wim and wigor” practice session of the freshman baseball squad. Yesterday’s pradtice was held on the varsity diamond on the north end of Ross-Ade field, during the absence of the varsity squad, and Coach “Pop” Doan wound up the afternoon's workout with a rip-roaring battle between the freshmen and the freshmen. Bert Sanders opened up the practice session with a little eye sharpening in the way of batting practice, and then the green potters opened up with plenty of what looked like heavy artillery. Then frosh mentor “Pop” Doan organized the squad into two teams, and the fun began. Lineups The batteries for yesterday’s rhinie battle weren’t especially strong, but according to Doan, were chosen to help season some of the more inexperienced moundsmen. Pitchers were Imes and Irwin; catchers, J. Green and Cortese; first, Crumely and Grace; second, B. Green and Potenza; third, Ranch and Riley; shortstop, Meyers and Brown; left, Carson and Bosse; center, Daniels and Shaw; and right field, Frazier and Montana. Outfielders, especially, looked like varsity stuff. Plenty of long accurate pegs from ’way out, plus what seems to be ground-covering ability of the best, give bright prospects for next year’s varsity outfield. These Look Good Promising frosh infielders include first basemen Crumely, Hoffman and Grace, along with Brown, Gantz, Myers, Potenza, Rarik, Hinks and Green, capably filling the remainder of the infield. L it 11 e “Shorty” Potanza, jumping jack second baseman, stood uniquely out as the pepper-pot of the squad, keeping the whole gang on their toes with his incessant chatter around the keystone sack
Fresh Package You'll get a package of fresh cleanliness when you send your cleaning and pressing to West Side. Every job is insp>ected for perfection before it leaves our estaj^lishment.
Phone 4081
Northwestern at Vine
Ohdsuv
•
Tiow!
r
Don’t Postpone
getting that
$5.00
Debris another
day. •
zbJuA,
CompdaiiL CnmpuuA. ^ovaJiaga,
Riveter Links Team Drops Home Opener To Butler Bulldogs Aided and abetted by the warming rays of old Sol, but nevertheless severely handic&pped by a grusty wind, goK coach Harry Allspaw’s proteges went down in defeat before a hard driving Butler Bulldog combination to the tune of 11 to 7 yesterday afternoon at the West Lafayette Country Club. Bulldogs Lose Opener The Capital city lads opened their season with an 11 to 7 setback at the hands of Indiana. Following that came victories over two intrastate rivals by overwhelming scores. Little Franklin was taken into camp by virtue of a 17 to 1 count, while Wabash was subjected to the whitewash brush, and shut-out 18 to 0. In the morning play. Wolf and Anson of Butler defeated Hoffer and Skinner, Boilermakers, 3 to 0, while Goldstein and McKenzie of Purdue won over Phillips and Goldstein from Butler, 2 to 1. The afternoon competition saw the same Butler combination of Wolf and Anson conquer Curran and Hoffer, 3% to 2%, and this identical score was registered as Bulldogs Phillips and Goldstein bested the Riveter twosome of Dahl and McDaniels. Both afternoon foursomes had a diiving wind to contend with throughout their matches. Too Much Wind On the 135 yard eleventh hole, Curran got off what looked like an excellent drive, only to have a sudden gust of wind deflect it into the rough. Except for this he might very easily have landed on the green for a par three or perhaps a sub-par birdie two The fouisome of Anson, Wolf, Hoffer, and Curran played on practically even terms into the lead. Fine driving by Wolf, coupled with good approach work by both Wolf and Anson, and uncanny putting by the latter gradually put Butler ahead. Hoffer gave a beautiful exhibition of controlled driving on the 17th when he dropped the ball on the green in one shot; however, bad luck in putting stopped him from an under par hole. The scores were as follows: Hoffer, 76; Anson, 78; Wolf, 80; and Curran, 83. Queer Twist Not one veteran lemains fiom the Butler team of the past campaign. Four upperclassmen of the previous year’s squad failed to make the grade on this present combination. All of those who competed against the Gold and Black forces will return next season. Summary of yesterday’s match is as follows; morning: Wolf and Anson, Butler, defeated Hoffer and Skinner, Purdue, 3 to 0; Goldstein and McKenzie, Purdue, defeated Phillips and Goldstein, Butler, 2 to 1; afternoon: Wolf and Anson, Butler, defeated Hoffer and Curran, Purdue, 3% to 2%; Goldstein and Phillips, Butjler, defeated Dahl and McDaniels, Purdue, 3% to 2%.
Boilermaker Netters Win From Illinois School, 4-3 Sweeping back into the victory column after a short stretch of tough luck, Coach Larry LaBree’s racqueteers ran tbrough a seemingly outclassed contingent representing Illinois State Teachers College, and walked off the courts with a 4-3 victory under their belts. A bright sunlit afternoon set the stage for the victory, marred only by a sprained ankle suffered by Jim Hebbeler, Boilermaker netter number two, during the latter
part of the afternoon’s competition. Ray Lucht, playing in the num-
ber five spot and pitted against Parrelle representing Illinois State, opened the competition. Both boys took a lot of time working up to their top playing form, but were evenly matched and ran the competition into three sets. Ray Lucht finally put on steam, however, and garnered the first Riveter victory of the afternoon. Anderson Wins The second match, featuring number three Riveter Anderson and McLaughhn of Illinois State, also stretched out three sets. Andy opened up like a house afire with a driving forehand that hung up a winning first set, but then he slowed to allow McLaughlin to tie the match up. The final set of the series showed up a rejuvenated Anderson, who swept through wi/tii a 6-1 and the match. And then came the most decisive victory of the afternoon when Richards, new addition bo the Boilermakei lineup, came through With a victory in straight sets. Richards is a junior, but has already proved his tennis superiority, still in possession of the campus tennis crown which he won in competition last yeai. Puidue 3, Visitors 0 Doubles Good Climaxing the afternoon of tennis, came the two best doubles matches of the tourney, featuring Captain Heib Puente and number two man Jim Hebbeler, pitted against Magill and Calkins of Illinois State, respectively. Both competitions stretched into three sets, with a smoothly moving Herb Fuente lacking his usual drive and playing slightly off form in spots, being bothered by an upset stomach. Disaster struck in the thud set of Hebbeler’s match, as the hard fighting Riveter fell to the court with a sprained ankle. After being taped up, Hebbeler letuined to competition, to be defeated in the closing games of the final set. Summary (in older of team rankings) : " Puente (P) defeated Magill (IS) 7-5, 3-6, 6-2; Calkins (IS) defeated Hebbeler (P) 6-8, 6-3, 6-1; Anderson (P) defeated McLaughlin (IS) 6-3, 3-6, 6-1; Richards (P) defeated Roemer (IS) 6-2, 7-5; Lucht (P) defeated Perrelle (IS) 6-8, 6-2, 6-2. Doubles Summary: McLaughlin and Roemer (IS) defeated Berg and Heihaus (P) 6-0, 6- 4; Magill and Calkins (IS) defeated Richards and Carlson (P)
7- 5, 6-1.
Final Score: Purdue 4, Illinois State Teachers 3.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
“It’s just one thing after another with Estelle—^last week she had her face lifted and yesterday her arches fell!”
By Lichty
pnldahii, Choiai ■t Kobart S. D«cl(ar4
If the senior Boilermaker baseball first baseman. Prank Smithson, continues his present pace of slapping out that ole apple for base hits, members of the Big Ten baseball gentry will probably see the Riveters heading for championship honors in the individual batting race.’ Not including yesterday’s game with Chicago, Frank has pasted out the sphere at a .500 clip, which at the present time holds down slot number two in the batting averages of the Big Ten. —fc— An optical delight in the pitcher’s box is John Saxer, Wiscmudn moundsman, who has pitched 18 innings, goose-egged Chicago, allowed six hits, three runs And dcm’t overlook Harold Hanb, Iowa’s riflearmed pitcher, who has two wins, with one shutout, allowed 11 bingles, struck out 19. —^fc— One of the outstanding Wisconsin entiles in the individual events in the Drake Relays yesterday was hurdler Ed Smith, a negro who has not been beaten this season ... ThiS timbertopper has garnered the conference indoor championship, the Butler Relays, the Chicago Relays, and numerous other all-star events. —fc— Iowa’s Hawkeyes have held the Drake meet record for the mile relay longer than any other university—^from 1923 to 1934 and again in 1938, and still possesses the halfmile relay mark of 1:26 set five years ago. —fc— Waltei Mehl, one of Wisconsin’s famous alumni tiack stars (the other IS Charles Penske) has made known his intentions to enter the ministry next year. —^fc— Handsome Captain James Rae, Michigan basketball and trade star, has been awarded the Western Conference medal for proficiency in scholarship and athletics by th^ Wolverine institution ... ' It is the third consecutive year that a basketball captain has won the award, since Leo Beebe received it last year and John “Hondini of the Hardwood” Townsend earned the award in 1938. 0 —fc— The Michigan track squad, who will defend its team title m the annual conference championships, is seeking to duplicate the feat of Wolveiine teams of ,1901 and 1904 in winning foui consecutive titles . . . Incidentally the conference meet, staited in 1901, is the fourth oldest tiack and field championship in the countiy . . . Oldei aie the National AAU meet, founded in 1876; the IC 4-A, 1877; and the Penn Relays, 1895. ' —^fc— Originallj an open meet, it was closed to other than conference members in 1926 , . . Conference teams have dominated the diantpionships, however, with only Notre Dame, Missouri and California taking titles outside the Big Ten in 1911, 1912, and 1913. —^fc— The Wolverines piesent run of thiee titles equals the maiks of Hhnois teams fiom 1920 to 1922 and fiom 1927 and 1929 ... A win this year would not equal the all-time maik foi successive victories but would boost the number of Michigan championships to 18. —^fc— Illinois has won 12, Wisconsin and Chicago three, and Indiana one . . . Purdue has never won a Big Ten track title . . . Illinois, in the 39 years of the meet, has outscored Michigan by mote than 100 points, 1315 to 1212.PUBDUE EXPONENT
Sunday, April 28, 1941
Jimsdi^ Jaih
Tomorrow .. . the committee in charge of the Foreign Student Service Fund will officially open its campaign to raise funds for students abroad whose education has been disrupted by war. One big question which arose when plans for the Fund were first discussed approximately a month ago was, why send money abroad to help foreign students when there are so many of our own students in need of aid? This question always comes up when funds for foreign use are solicited. There are many students here in our own country who need help, there is no doubt about that, but large sums of money are already being spent to aid American students. The $35,000 which is being raised to send to the Far East and a similar amount which is being raised to send to Europe are but a drop compared to the flood of money which is being spent annually to aid students in this country. It costs approximately four hundred dollars to send a student through school in this country, regardless of how carefully it is administered, but that same four hundred dollars would mean complete support of 40 students in China for a year. Sums that mean nothing to us are increased many times when they are transported into foreign countries. Too many of us fail to appreciate our heritage. As President Elliott said last Sunday, “We are going to give, not only because of the help it gives studCTits in other lands, but because it keeps the fires of human sympathy burning in our own hearts.” Another question which comes up in connection with the service funds is, are they being administered efficiently? For the past three years the Far Eastern Student Service Fund has been operating on only two per-cent of the funds. The European Service Fund has been set up on the same basis. The administration for the two funds is non-sectarian, nonmilitary, and non-partisan. The drive for funds is being sponsored by such organizations as the National Student Federation of America, United Peace Committee, International Student Service, and Institute of International Education. —J. C. W.
But Inddentally— By Fedorovitch Today Fedoifovitch is on the ball. Karamazov is fleeing pursued by the last of the Russians. Geographically, I too, am a Russian, but I am a Cossack. A rider of the steppes, not to be confused with the common peasants. I, Fedorovitch, will deal with the finer things in life and leave the more plebian incidents to my lowly compatriots. ' * ♦ * The fifteenth hour of the day just past we were passing the time of day in our most ilustrious Union, when small bodies of men carrying musical instruments began to assemble. Annoyed by the congregation of plebian individuals we betook ourselves to another part of the building to evade the congestion. Shortly thereafter we became conscious of considerable volume of noise which was issuing from the vicinity of the ballrooms. Guided by oim ears we soon found the military band, segregated in three pairts, marching and countermarching through the ballrooms and down the halls.
Purdue Exponent
X. E. Inalqr W. B. Smith.
„ XdUlt«r4»<!hW . BuIiicm Kanastr
!TtO, I mging editor; B. M. Antonini, Mnior advertielaar mshacer; G. SchilUng, oo-ed editor; B. Jenkine, Bporte editor. Phones: Editorial 4005; BusineM 5038; Sports 2792 Entered as second class matter At the post office in Lafarette, Indiana, under the act of ConKress of March t, 1879, and at tiie special rate of poetace provided for in section 1108, act of October 8,1917, anthorlscd Jaanari’ SO, 1922. Published daily except Monday dnrins Uia regular academic year and weekly durins; the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for (8.90 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Bepresented for national advertisins: by National Advertisiny Service, Inc., College Publishers Kepresentatives, 420 Madison Ave, New York, N. T. All unsigned editorials are written by the editorial director. Night Editor, Purcell Day Editor, Kaplan Ass’t. Night Editor Thran Sunday, April 28, 1940
Highly irregular. Upon inquiry I was able to discover that they were practicing for the Rotary convention which will open at the thirteenth hour of this day. After reviewing the parade three times I was able to follow the proceedings with the perspective of a participant. Tomorrow will find us in attendance for a return engagement.
Sigma Nus Close Hoosier Rally With Banquet In Union With “to believe in the life of love, to walk in the way of honor, to serve in the light of truth . . .” from the Creed of Sigma Nu serving as theme one hundred Sigma Nus from over the state gathered in the faculty loimge of the Union last night for the annual Hoosier Rally banquet. DePauw, Indiana, Butler, and Rose Polytechnic chapters were represented in the all-day program which started at 10 a.m. today when discussion groups on pertinent fraternity problems met in the local Sigma Nu chapter house. Grant W. Harrington, grand recorder of the fraternity from 1888 to 1894 and editor of the Delta, fraternity magazine, from 1886 to 1894, spoke at the banquet in a program including James W. Noel, vice-regent (vice-president of the fraternity) from 1894 to 1896, Ward G. Biddle, second vice-regent elected in 1939, Harry B. March of the Indiana chapter, and John S. Wright, charter member of the Indiana chapter.
bottom of the sheet: “My great, great grandfather was king of Rumania, my great grandmother was the princess of Sweden before marriage. My grandfather was a duke in King Richard’s court, and he met my grandmother there. My Dad is the president of a big concern in Europe, and my mother is Wally Simpson’s advisor.” He received the following answer: We didn’t come to your school to apply for students for breeding purposes. We want an engineer . . .
INTERVIEWS FOR JOBS ! ! —Juniors and Seniors . . . Check-up on your appearance before your next appointment—the man with whom you talk wiR notice iti You will look right in AMERICAN CLEANED Garments! i
132 Vine St.
American Laundry
ift
MU
Cl
When asked if they were going out Saturday night, Harry Lockwood and Warren Bernhard, freshmen, replied, “Yep, we have dates with some co-eds.” Ah, thinks I, at last I see freshmen dating the coeds. After further inquiry, I find that both boys aie going to Greencastle for dates with DePauw coeds. Ah, me! —B & B— In reference to the Dr. Cyclops write-up in this column a few days ago, we received this contrib: Dear B & B Editor: Now B & B, yon realize We are approving of the guys That fickle fortune favors. And Boilermakers recognize. But wouldn’t it be funny. And sort of gosh darn queer. If some of them did shrink lengthways, ’Steda the northern hemisphere. For instance, C. K Brubeck Needs a triumphal arch; But let Doc Cyclops treat him,
And through keyholes he would march! And then there’s Playshop’s Sebum, A fetching Purduvian rocket. Of a certain chem instructor. Would sweetly fit in a vest pocket. That’s enough today, For even the B & B P. S. Fd be as mad as hops If I were caught by Doc Cyclops. Wouldn’t you? I wonder ... —B assays the contributor: I dedicate the above pome to worthy ambition and ability. If you don’t appreciate this, B & B, go read the classics. —B & B— Now it’s my turn. I appreciate the contribution, but I always did like the classics. ’Nuff said! (Boy, that last verse was a honey, phew!) —B&B— Earl “Bootnose” Aber, the Cary Hall demon, after a long campaign of attacks, counter-attacks, etc. finally conquered our sophomore Exponent staff flash, Donna Siess. The fateful pinning took place after the “Joe” dance Friday night. Aber says, “I knew she’d get me sooner or later. She had that ‘Momma, what is beer’ look in her eyes.” —B &B— ... and then there was the senior who, in filling out his application, put the following paragraph on the
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• School Supplios
• Professional
"DEACr Everything for a College Education
Risk Dental Clinic □R. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RWK DR. HAROLD J. R»K 4th e Main Phon* 5701
• Hardware
• Locksmith
Outfitter* for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354
KEYS & LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
• Dairy Productf
• Florists
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY quality milk Phone 46214
Darner's Flower Shop Qaality Fbwera Mein at 7th Phone 6050
Purdii® Hall Dedication Ceremony May 3rd and 4th, 7:30 P. M. With Music by Purdue Military Band, Concert Choir, Men’s Glee Club CONCERT Metropolitan Artists Helen Jepson Nino Martini Soprano ^enor Concert Begins at 8:30 TICKETS Reserved seat tickets are priced at $1.00 each. Tickets may be secured at the ticket irffrcf m the Men’s Gymnasium or by mail by addressing C. S. Doan, Manager of ticket Sales, Pardue University. ’ Plenty of good tickets are available for Saturday night’s concert and a Limited nnmb^ for Friday Night. Tickets, if available on the nights of the concerts, will be on sale at the Cashier’s Office in the Executive Building. PASSPORTS must be presented with student tickets. Holders of convocation tickets on the main floor for Friday night must present their convocation tidkets for admission. TRAFFIC Motor traffic will enter the campus by the main gate on Northwestern Avenue and proceed around the Executive Building discharging passengers at the main entrance to the Music Hall on the ground floor and parking as directed. Buses wiU discharge passengers in front of the Executive Building and those patrons enter the Music HaU through the Executive Building. It is recommended that patrons living near the Music Hall leave their cars at home. PATRONS ARE REQUESTED TO BE IN THEIR SEATS BY 7:30 P. M.
A
% f.
A A