Z-I8f
Founded In 1889
Daily Since 1908
Volume 52, No. 149
West Lafayette, Indidna
Sunday, April 6, 1941
Si)- .
Dr. Hu Shih To Deliver Baccalaureate Lecture Dr. Hu Shih, Chinese ambassador to the United States, will deliver the baccalaureate address at the University on Sunday, May 4, it was announced yesterday by President E. C. Elliott. The exercises come as a climax to Gala Week which starts May 1 and continues through May 4.
A visit of the Chinese ambassador to the campus at this time is of particular interest in view of the relationships of this country with China. VerSitile Bom in Anhwei in 1891, Dr. Shih has become known as an author, poet, journalist and lateTy as a diplomat. His career was launched when at 13 he passed an indemnity examination enabling him to stifdy in America. He graduated from Cornell’s College of Arts and Sciences in 1914, winning several awards for dist^inguished scholarship. National Language Through the more than 100 stories and poems he has written, he has done much to reform Oriental literature and to promotp the Chinese National Language, a universal, simplified tongue. He holds honorary degrees from Harvard, Yale, Columbia, Brown, Duke and other American schools, has served on the staffs of Chinese Universities, lectured throughout North America and has acted as official advisor to the British government on Chinese affairs, r.r.r. Professor Colburn Will Speak On Heat Tomorrow, Tuesday Professor A. P. Colburn of the University of Delaware will present a serious of four lectures on heat transfer by convection Monday and Tuesday at 4 and 8 p. m. The talks, to which all interested are invited, will be in room 207 of the Mechanical Engineering building. Dr. Colburn, for nine pears a research investigator on heat transfer for the DuPont Company and at present head of the division of Chemical Engineering at Delaware, is the author of many published technical articles. Four Lectures Planned Monday at 4 o'clock he will present an “Introduction to Convection”; atB p. m. he will discuss “Free Convection.” On Tuesday he will speak on “Forced Convection” at 4 p. m. and “Applications to Desigrn of Heat Exchangers” at 8 o’clock. The lectures given by Dr. Colburn are the third series of talks on phases of heat transfer sponsored by the University, j.h.a:
Fifty Teams Clash In Initial Qualilier Of Bridge Tourney Two hundred students played in the first qualifying round of the Champion Contract Bridge Tournament, which opened yesterday in the north ballroom of the Union. The fifty teams played from one o’clock till five o'clock. Yesterday was the first of two qualifying rounds and no eliminations will be made until after the second qualifying round. Scores of all teams will be posted in the game room tomorrow afternoon. Top teams in each three sections will receive cartons of cigarettes. Each top team in succeeding rounds will also get these prizes. Next Round It is important for all teams to remember they should play again in the second qualifier on Saturday afternoon, April 19, regardless of score made in the first round. The qualifications for semi-finals will be the result of the composite scores of the first two rounds. Last year’s winners are not entered due to graduation, but the famous number one team is again in that spot. Julius L, Born, Lafayette contract bridge expert, is again in charge of the Union contests, a capacity that he has held for the last seven years. e.w.n. Mortar BoarcTWill Hold Banquet Tonight In Union Mortar Board, senior co-ed honorary, will have their annual “Smarty Dinner” tonight at 6 o’clock in the East Faculty lounge of the Union. The banquet is held in honor of sophomore and junior co-eds who received a scholastic index of 6,0 or above last semester, e.k. Forestry Club . . . announces the election of the following officers: Larry Schneider, '42, president; Robert Ewing, '43, vice-president; and John VanCamp, ’42, secretary-treasufer. Retiring officers are vBill Miller,* ’41, president, and Gene Hesterberry, ’41, secretary-treasurer.
College Men Prefer Air Service To Enlistment In Army Or Navy (By student Opinion Surveys) ' AUSTIN Texas, April 6.—Nearly service. The Middle Atlantic section balf the nation’s College men Ayould was least enthusiastic over aviation, join the air force in preference to with only 39 per cent, still a large? the army and navy, if they had to vote than either the army or navy enter the armed forces, the Student received there. Opinion Surveys of America found Airplanes have come into such this week in its weekly sampling of prominence in the present war, and the college campuses of the nation. Britain has so repeatedly pointed Less'fban one-sixth of the male out the great significance of that students polled, however, say they mode of warfare , during recent would leave school and join the months, that United States War Dearmed forces should the U. S. have partmeftt officials have stressed fiyto send an army to aid Britain. ing in colleges. Addition of C. A. A. The Surveys found the following courses in many colleges and uniresults, excluding the 6 per cent versifies during the last two years who held no opinion in answer to certainly has had some influence on the question, ‘^f you had to enter the ranking of flying as a big favorthe armed forces, would you prefer ite over army and navy units, the army, the air service, or the The division of students in annavy?: swer to the question, “If we should Air service 48% have to send an army to air Britain, Navy 27 would you leave school and join the Army 26 armed forces, or would you wait unThe Par West, where 67 per cent til you were called?” was as follows, favored the air service, and the by percentages: We^t Central, where 65 per cent pre- Would leave school 16% ferred flying, were the strongest Would wait 84 supporters of that branch" of the (Five per cent were undecided.)
Music Organizations To Present Easter ConvoFridayAtB As an appropriate conclusion for Good Friday, the University choir of" 260 voices and the University orchestra will present John Stainer’s “The Crucifixion” at the year’s last religious convocation Friday evening at 8 o’clock in the Hall of Music. Easter Setting ■ Th€jf cantata is a meditation on the sacred Passion of the Holy Redeemer and will be portrayed in an Easter setting designed and constructed by Robert Parks, Union art director, and Joseph Ragains, assistant director of musical organizations. Program Soloists The choir and orchestra will be accompanied by Joanne Lloyd at the piano and George Osborn at the organ. Soloists for the program include tenors J. Henry Amt and Marvin Smith; baritones Wallace Woodrow, Charles Powell, and Joseph Shepherd; and Donald Pyke, bass. The doors will open at 7:16 and both the student body and general public is invited to attend. There IS no admission charge, e.k. Dr. Thurman B. Rice To Speak At Marital Lectures Tuesday Dr. Thurman B. Rice will speak at two marital lectures Tuesday, one for senior men and one for junior and seqior women. Dr. Rice is a professor of bacteriology and public health at Indiana university extension and has spoken for the University marriage course. Dr. Rice will speak to the men Tuesday at 4:00 o’clock in room 101 of the Education Bpilding. Bert Bohlin, president of Cary Club and Reamers Club, will introduce the speaker to the seniors. This is the 9th consecutive year that Dr. Rice has lectured to the senior men. The lecture for the junior and senior women is sponsored by AWS. Dr. Rice will speak at 7:30 o’clock in the same room in which the men’s lecture is to be given.
BulletinI According to a bulletin received late last night, Germany has begun a simultaneous invasion of Yugoslavia and Greece; it is reported that they entered the latter from their positions in Bulgaria. The movement into Yugoslavia was begun at 10:30 CST (5:30 in Yugoslavia). Moscow has also confirmed a report that a .mutual non-aggression and friendship pact between Russia and Yugoslavia was signed Friday by representatives of the two countries, but awaits ratification by Belgrade. It is believed that the German move was made yesterday so that it would precede the ratification. According to a statement last night from Germany, the invasion of Greece was begun because the landing of troops by the British at Salonika was intolerable to the Germans. The Statement said further that Salonika would become another Dunkirk, and that the war was not being made upon the people of Greece, but entirely upon the British. A statement from Secretary of the Navy Frank Knox said that Germany will find Yugoslavia and Greece will be a hard nut to crack and that “they will get all the help we can give them.”
Pres, Elliott To Talk At Boxers' Banquet President Elliott will invade the University of Wisconsin stronghold as the principal speaker at the annual banquet for members of the Badger boxing squad. These boxers have always rated high in intercollegiate circles and the annual banquet, honoring the pugilists, has become quite an event at the institution. Dr. Elliott, who served as head of the Department of Education at the Wisconsin campus from 1905 to 1916, said yesterday that the only boxing lessons he ever took in his life, he enjoyed while following his own personal program of physical training at Wisconsin, e.w.n. Prof, F. C. Hockema ... assistant to the president, will speak Wednesday evening at the regular meeting of the American Association of University Professors in the Home Economics building. .
Co-op Groups Banquet/ Convention Ends Today
Culminating a day of activities ih the first combined convention of the Mid-West Federation of Campus Coops and the SCA, student co-opera-tive organization on campus, the Student Co-operative Association acted as hosts to delegates of the convention, faculty members and guests at the first annual banquet of its organization to be held here. I. H. Hull, general manager ot the Indiana Farm Bureau, was guest speaker at the banquet. The tqxt of Hull's speech was “Co-op^erative Movement, the Hope of the Future.” He pointed out that the co-op movements throughbut the nation are. progressing and have evolved from small inconspicuous organi^zations into ones doing an annual sixty-mil-lion-dollar business within a few years. He attributed all of this progress to solidarity and to men’s ti’ust and hope in one another. Biblical Truths “It means,” he' said, “that people of today are learning to help and get along with eack other instead of helping only themselves.” He pointed out that the wellknown biblical quotation, “Any nati9n, statp, society or house divided against itself must fall,” should be a thought kept in mind at all times. He said, “When the Master said \iove thy neighbor as thsrself.' it wasn’t meant to be just a bit of Sunday School philosophy to be preached only from the pulpit, but a
very sound sermon of democratic economics. Love thy neighbor, but not more that yourself and you will have learned the most important lesson of your life.” ® Amateur Magician Hull reminded students at the banquet to take pride in their organizations, in their houses and in their well-spent efforts. Dr. “U-Know-Me” Walters, local dentist and sleight-of-hand artist, demonstrated the unfamiliar adage, “the hand is not quicker than the eye, but cleverer.” Also the PIA Male Chorus, under the direction of Irving Smulevitz, entertained. ^The William and Glenny McFadden scholastic trophies were presented to the highest ranking women’s^ and men’s co-ops. The houses receiving the awards were Glenwood, women, and Chauncey for men. Houses Get Awards An athletic participation award was given to Chauncey house for its, active interest in intramural sports. M. L. Fisher, Dean of Men, and Sarah Coolidge, assistant Dean of Women, were presented at the banquet. * After the banquet, the large group of over three hundred students enjoyed an after-dinner radio dance in both faculty lounges of the Union.
Slav Defiance Jolts Nazis; II Duce Gets Acute Jitters At Thought Of New Front By Carroll Binder
(Foreign Editor.)
Copyright, 1941, Chicago Daily News, Inc. The “war of nerves,” which Hitler assumed would enable him to win in the Balkans as it had contributed to German victories in so many other parts of Europe, has proved a failure in that
hard-bitten peninsula.
Instead of supinely yielding to
Axis might without the firing of a shot, Yugoslavia and Greece are coolly defiiant. Worse, from the Axis standpoint, the confident mood of Yugoslavia and Greece has given an acute case of jitters to Italy.
Humble Fascists
The once domineering and boastful Fascist regime has been humbly supplicating Yugoslavia to come to terms—^any terms that will Spare exposed Italian Cities from bombardment by British planes operating from near-by Yugoslav bases and the badly exposed and demoralized Italian army of 300,000 in Albania from being driven into the sea by a combined Yugoslav-Greek-
British offensive. Albania Defeats
Italy is already so badly hurt by its disastrous defeats in Albania, Africa and at sea that the thought of fresh assaults by land, air and sea from right across the Adriatic is more than the already bad^ frayed Italian nerves can stand. Hence it has been unable to contribute anything to Hitler’s campaign to shatter the nerves of the Yugoslavs and Greeks and is itself badly in n^ed of more'potent nerve tonic than Hitler’s agents in Italy are able to administer.
Italian Morale
Something more than the successful drive against Bengasi by the German mechanized forces in Africa is necessary to revive Italian morale from the terrific series of shocks experienced on so maHyjsec-
tors of the war.
.All Up to the Germans What the Axis does in the Balkans, therefore, must be done solely
by the Germans.
It is always difficult to determine at what point Hitler’s actions cease to be feints designed to confuse and paralyze his intended victims and become harbingers of large-scale military action. The ostentatious withdrawal of German nationals, including correspondents and diplomats, the loud talk of troop movements and impending blitzkrieg may prove on this, as on previous occasions, to be only another attempt to break the resistance of the victim—^this time Yugoslavia. ' Bfit it is clear that Yugoslav nerves are hot in the least iqiset by all of Hitler’s sodnd and fury. Hitler is furious at thus being balked (Ckmtinued on page 4)
Delta Gammas Win; Chi Os Take Money At 'Penny' Carnival
By Ernest Nordlinger
Everybody was there — fellows, co-eds, dates, even cats and Hitler —last night in the Women’s gym at the IJenny Carnival sponsored by the Purdue Sportswomen. Late last night the judges decided Delta Gamma merited the silver loving cup for the most original booth. Chi Omega won a box of candy for taking the most money
from the customers.
Every sorority and co-ed organization racked their brain for things men openly enjoy and women secretly like. Alpha Chi’s and Phi Mu’s were throwing kisses to the men. The pledges were forced to give the kisses—made of candy. The Delta Gammas drew the crowds because they used real ingenuity. “Hit the cow-bell (small, variety, and watch the pledges fall out of the hammock!” There were plenty of DG’s available because one plunge means the posterior needs
a well-earned rest.
WRH sponsored a halitosis game and they really found out a lot about the fellow’s activities. The Thaeles girll went dizzy teaching their customers Madame La Zonga’s rhumba
and jitterbug.
“Men Only” had the Sportswomen’s booth crowded to its curtains. The scene inside was a beauty parlor with a collegian in the chair, getting the wo?ks in true female style. The Alpha Xi’s had two booths. In one sat an imported Arabian woman telling weird fortunes. “Beat these little babies” was a turtle
race.
^ The Chi O’s had “Der Freund Hitler” in their booth. The Fuhrer’s mustache was the bull’s eye in this game of darts. *
'College Widow'Play Tickets On Sale; Begin
Canvassing Of Faculty Dr. Lillian M. GilM
Tickets for “The College Widow” went on sale yesterday about the campus as members of ten student committees headed by Myra McKee, began a canvas of all faculty, staff members, and administrative officers of the University. The performances under the direction of Playshop are to be presented during Gala Week. All seats will be reserved for the Sfcirday night show May 3 which wmbe for faculty, townspeople and others. Stubs will be turned in as the/tickets are sold and the mail orders will be filled in the order'in which they are received. C. 9. Doan, ticket m*(nager, will start sending out the actual tickets on Ap?il 14.
Kappa Pst
• . . pharmacy honorai'y announces the pledging of Jack Sandleben, George Paine, Harry Humma, Raymond Robertson, Harry Land, James Thomas, George Cobus, Charles Sparks, Herbert Lefevre, Louis Fadale, Charles Boswell, Richard Stettner, and Joe Lisaius.
. . . will speak today in Berea, Ky., to the women of Berea GoUege. She will address the Lafayette Lions’ Club Wednesday, the Office Management Association of Chicago April 26 and Notre Dame ipiiversity April 28. NOTICE; NAVAL RESERVE COMMISSION APPLICANTS Several weeks ago juniors seniors in the engineering schools at Purdue were encouraged to apply for United Statek Naval Reserve Commissions. As yet we have no indicatiott of the action whtdi the Navy Department is planning to take regarding these applioitions, but it is our belief that tnly a small percentage of the appUcapts recommended witt nUimate^ feedve commismons. Dean Potter agrei^ with me that these applicants would be wise to make industrial connections. There are many good companies still cQm«< ing to the campus fmr men, and op«portunities for employment are still being presented to our seniais. - ^ David li. Arm. Acting Director of Personndi-- V ,-r l>, . ( > ,<>>/ ,
fiagel-SfiohiA
Sunday, April 6, 1941
fijuAdujL ^xponanL
Second Annual Riveter Golf Clinic Opens Tuesday
i*
Diamond Squad .Prepares For Irish Attack Thursday
Nearly350 Golfers Expected To Attend
By Don Meier With the first home game of the season less than a week in the‘ future, Coach Dutch Fehring is doing everything in his power to make from the thirty odd baseball hopefuls under his tutelage a really first class machine. Somewhat hampered by the poor baseball weather of the past week, most of the conditioning work has been carried on indoors. Tuesday and Wednesday of last . .
week were the only days on which the squad was able to move outside. Monday and Thursday, practices were held in the Fieldhouse while the batteries worked out in the stock pavillion on Friday since the Fieldhouse was occupied by the Football Clinie. Saturday Work Working on the theory that real progress can be made while your opponents rest, the entire squad took part in a rather lengthy practice in the Fieldhouse yesterday afternoon. Infield work gave everyone a chance to improve on fielding technique while battery practice in the cages loosened up the team’s pitching arms. While the team engaged in six battles this season while on the southern trip during Spring vacation, next Thursday’s clash with Notre Dame is considered to be the real opener of this year’s campaign. As yet it is too early for anyone to make any accurate predictions on the success of the Riveter diamond aggregation in this or any other of its games since little of anything is known about the opponents. Although only 19 men were taken
on the trip south during the vacation period, a considerably larger number than this are still pressing hard fPr berths on the team. Don Brady of West Lafayette and Ben Korschot of basketball fame '»are among these lads. Ernie Young, a minor letterman of last year, Bob Gantz and Bus Hincks both of whom are sophomores are also still very much in the running. Carl Potenza, diminutive second base candidate, is showing lots of enthusiasm which will make itnecessary for other second sackers to worry over their jobs.
Inter-Fraternity Golf Further spring intramural activities will take the form of an InterFraternity Mass Golf Tournament. Competition in this contest is scheduled to begin about April 13. Entries are due at noon next Tuesday, April 8. One third of the membership of the smaller houses and one-fourth of the membership of the larger ones entered will compete in this tourney. Plenty of Greek golfers should see action in this event.
DANGER IS WHAT THEY II LIVE FOR...
NOW SHOWING
DOUBLE FEATURE
LitHe Miss Fix-It in a Merry Mix-Up! EDITH FELLOWS WILBUR EVANS It's a Glamorous New Edith Fellows In Her First Romantic Singing Role! HER FIRST ROMANCE
Based on a .Novel by Gene Stratton Porter
EXTRA
WALT DISNEY TECHNICOLOR CARTOON
BONE TROUBLE
RALPH BELLAMY • ALAN HALE \tt tATRtCK • XllEM JENKIHS • 10C»LE WATSON
Starts TODAY
With the opening of the second annual Purdue Golf Clinic now but two days aWay, final arrangements are virtually complete for the welcoming Tuesday morning of close to 350 of the nation’s top-flight professional golfers. The clinic, a great success last year, has been expanded this season from two days to three and will include numerous lectures, demonstrations and lessons to which the student body has been invited. Many Notables To Attend Many celebrities of the golfing world, such as P. G. A. president Tom Walsh, Byron Nelson, Dick Metz, Johnny Revolta and Tommy Armour are scheduled to appear on the program. At present,' Byron Nelson, Dick Metz and Tommy Armour are all down in Georgia playing in the final round of the Augusta Masters Tournament which ends today. Nelson, present holder of the P. G. A . title, held the Masters crown back in 1937 and is again well up among the leaders in his attempt to win it back this year. Registration At 11:30 Tuesday Initial registration for the clinic is scheduled to begin at 11:30 Tuesday morning, leaving most of the afternoon free for a series of lectures in the Union which will last -until 6:30. At this time the assembled golfers will attend a banquet at which Dr. Elliott, Tom Walsh and Tommy Armour will be the principal speakers. Many of the daytime lectures during the clinic will be attended by the golfing pros themselves and consequently will deal predominately with subjects pertaining to golf instruction.
I Leahy’s Talk On Tactics Climax Of Grid School
... By Jim Fraser The best attended football clinic in the school’s history closed its informative gates yesterday afternoon as coaches returned to their home stamping grounds. The program, which started Friday, was climaxed yesterday morning by two demonstrative lectures. Bad playing conditions forced the concellation of the intra-s^uad game which was scheduled as the wind-up of the clinic’s program. 300 Attend
By Joseph Patrick Dolatt
Major League Movies To Be Shown Tuesday In Eledricai Building
Not'to be outdone by one another both the American and National Leagues will show sound movies next Tuesday afternoon and evening in the lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Building. The 4:30 o’clock showing is especially for students while the 7:30 o’clock showing is planned largely for the general public. However, anyone may attend either session. “Batting Around the American League” is the American League movie. “Winning Baseball” is the National League film. Both productions have been acclaimed for their presentations of the game often referred to as the great American sport, d.w.m. ^
Frosh Trackmen
. . . should report to room 107 of the Fieldhouse Monday at 4:30 p. m. 4ny freshman track candidates unable to attend this meeting should get in touch with Wilkening as soon as possible.
All Campus Tennis With spring still just around the corner the Intramural department is making ready for spring sports. First on the list is tennis. To date two separate tourneys are scheduled; an all-campus contest for all students enrolled in the university and a frosh tourney for first year students only.
THE 3-STAR LAUGH HIT!
with
GMNI HEPBURN garnetSTmwr
’Rtttfc HUSSEY KslMitf VOMM JhIm WHIJBMr. IImiIIIM •
TODAY &
GREATER THAN "VIVA VILLA!
High adventure yrith the most fascinating desperado who ever rode a sundown trails laughing, loving and looting... down romantic Mexico way I His NEW 1941 thriller I
WALLACE
BEERY
[^NEL BARRYMORE LARAINE RONALD DAY - REAGAN
Starts TODAY UMMOU
That the clinic was a complete success can be attested by Coach Mai Elward’s statement: “The tenth annfial clinic is the best that we’ve ever had. The attendance of approximately 300 .coaches from seven' states was the largest ever to attend. The program was for high school coaches and run by them and the information and help obtained by the coaches throughout the clinic’s history has borne fruit in the large number of fine high school athletes that have matriculated at Purdue.” / f At yesterday morning’s session. Coach Frank Leahy of Notre Dame and the Boston College coach last year gave an information loaded lecture on football strategy. The talk covered the offensive angles of the game and “breadwinner” plays, as Leahy called them, were>.stressed in particular. Leahy’s “breadwinners” turned out to be the basic off tackle thrusts and wide end sweeps which are the backbone of offensive strategy. In the course of his lecture, Leahy worked himself up to a point where he finally removed his coat to lend enthusiasm to his vital points.
I M Schedules
Mass Greek Horseshoes Other Greek amateurs will compete in the old barnyard game of horseshoe pitching. Entries for thisi tourney should be returned to the intramural office by April 7. The entire membership of all houses entered in this contest is required to enter the competition. A gold medal goes to the winper.
BASEBALL
Monday, April 7 Diamond I 1. Ward 28 vs Ward 16 Ward 27 vs Ward 15 Ward 25 vs Ward 13 Ward 24 v#Ward 11 Ward 21 vs Ward 10 Ward 8 vs Ward 6 Ward 5 vs Ward 3 Ward 2 vs Ward 1
1 suppose one could say that lE*urdue has approximately 6,000 students, and, if one didn’t know these students, one would imagine that these college boys and girls had forgotten all about alma mater, nee small time high school stuff. That was one of the stimulating factors in our little poll we have endeavored to conduct during the past week, a straw vote as to whom was the bestest of the best in high school basketball circles according to Purdue students, boys ahd girls who reside where the pulse beat ofljasketball can be felt just'as the sounding of football centers around Notre Dame. —I-I— Now according to fairly reliable statistics, Purdue students, -or at least 1,000 of them, definitely keep up with the homeland sport—^basketball. Because these one thousand kids have turned into our office the names of the best players in Indiana basketball. A total of 996 votes were' cast for Mangin, of Washington, showing that this lad and the others on tljis honor team have more than a few friends at Purdue. -I-I^ Mangin was the kid who absolutely won the state championship for the southern team. His sharp-shoot-ing from all over Butler Fieldhouse had people and opposition aghast a couple of weeks ago. The center position is held by a negro lad. Minor of Proebel, who played marvelous ball all the way through the four tournaments only to tighten up a bit at the state hou§e, but his play in the semi’s was enough of a convincer to gather top applause. The field of guards was a wideopen affair with Bob Ulm, of Lafayette, finally getting the nod for first place by six votes. Ulm is|a driving demon, something of a rarity these days, and his calmness in the pinch keep his team in three Saturday afternoons of tourney play after they had been used as a mop during the season—Jeff lost something like thirteen straight.
Name
Position
Team
Mangin (996)
F
Washington
Campbell (943)
F
Kokomo
McKinney (900)
F
Lynnville
V ~ Ji
Jones (888)
F
Twelve Mile
Minor (930)
C.'
—, Froebel
Williams (911)
C
Hoehammer (903)
C -
Bryant
Ertel (893)
C
Elwood
Ulm (950)
G
Lafayette
Grimes (944)
a
Burris ( Muncie)
Blemker (934)
^-...G
Huntingburg
Rowland J920)
G
Honorable mention: Koontz, Newcastle, 760; Shriner, West
Lafayette, 680; Young, North Side Fort Wayne, 679; Server,
Madison, 760; Martens, Central of South Bend, 754.
Set Date Of MilHary Track Meet; All Frosh Eligible
The 1941 Military Track Meet will be held Thursday, April 24, at 4:15 p. m., weather permitting, according to an announcement from the Military department yesterday. All freshmen in the Military department are eligible regardless of participation in other track events. H. E. Wilkening of the department of Physical Education will conduct coaching sessions each afternoon at 4 o’clock for the benefit of the entrants. Track events include the 100 yard dash, mile run, 220 yard dash, and the 440 yard dash. Field events are the high jump, broad jump, pole vault, and shot puj. Entries for these events will be taken at the regular y-hour military drill, b.g.s.
Walter Vail
. . . sophomore Ag student and member of Tau Kappa Epsilon fraternity, died Friday evening at his home in Michigan City, piobably of pneumonia. He had been under U doctor’s care.J *
it.
fijVtduuL ^xpammL
Sunday, Apdl 6/1941
WLi re ^lAJeadhi^
Bf mm Kay
It is i^pring fellows, and sitting tells yon to start packing those •winter tux and tail coats away in moth balls and turn your thoughts to something light. Now some of you may get unhappy -with the thought of white coats because of the necessity of frequent cleaning bills. ^ If both of these things affect you then you ■will be interested in what I have to tell you. (Fm npt saying that I am advocating them, but here they are as the release from New York was sent to me.) —^wTw— Pastel dinner coats are being featured for summer evening wear. These dinner coats will be shown in canary, egg shell, bisque, beige, Quaker grey, pastel green, Gujf Stream blue, cocoa. These eXhilirating colors, when accompanied by cummerbunds, panel ties, studs, and shirts to match or harmonize, give a definite emotional uplift to the heretofore thwarted male. —^wTw— ® I don’t know how the men on this campus ■will respond to this newest fashion trend, but it would liven up the dances and keep all the men from looking like the same person only made from various molds. If there is some brave soul on campus, perhaps he will jump at this chance to be different. (I just thought that I would tell you all about it.) —wTw— Men: Your slack suits this spring will be casual in cut and will be shown in various patterns and fabrics. Straight lines of emphasized to give all of you that 1941 masculine athletic appearance. Each man should take care in choosing his clothes. He should choose designs ^nd materials to conform to his height, weight, physiognomy and personality. —^wTw— With so much variety in styles, colors, designs, and materials there is no reason why men have to be tsnpe^ in one group. It is the chance for the men to dress to fit their personality. They can be different and be themselves and not just like their roommate. —wTw—A word to co-eds about accessories: All the old rules about matched
MEASURE THE VALUE Measure this cleaning by any standard and you’ll find you get more for your money. Here’s cleaning that digs deep for dirt—but it does it so gently your garments stay clean longer—last longer —(look nicer and newer. Call 4081 for West Side Service.
The Lowest Prices Quality Permits! Northwesteni at Vine Phohe 4081
accessofies ian be tossjfed -to the ■^li^ifids anti you 6ah pick and chdose as ybu' pKape. Try chdosing your hat and shoes as the beginning and end of your costume, having them in neutral tones, black, navy, brown, beige and matching them. Then l^t yourself go and apply your color in accessories as enthusiastically as a painter slinging red paint on a barn. Add color through a scarf, gloyes, a handbag, a bouqhet of flowers, a flashing piece of jewelry, using just one of these or two or three in the same color. ^ —^wTw— Some new ideas for accessories. Daffodil yellow gloves and scarf with a navy reefer . . . try a map of the United States on your lapel. This pin is like the game where yo\i roll little balls into the holes, in this case the balls are pearls and the holes are principal cities.. . -Inspect-a gold metal disk with your monogram {or your lapel and get smaller ones for your ears. . . Be different »and play up the accessories for evening . . . three little cupids on your dinner suit, fleld* flowers tucked in your curls. Good -dressing, this spring.
WBAA
MONDAY 11:00—The World Since 1914— Prof. Frank Hall 11:60—Purdue News Flashes 12:00—Ag. Forum 12:16—Sports Review 12:30—Meet the Band 12:46—Monitor'Views the News 1:00—Principles and Problems of Leadership — Prof. A. A. Smith 1:46—Market Reports 2:00—Marvin Smith 2:16—Safety Program2:30—Scientific News Review 2:46—Meditations—^Rev. W. R. Graham 3:00—Strange Styles in Story and Song 3:16—Let’s Make a Home 3:30—Musical Roundup 4:00—Petite Musicale ^ 4:30—Ether Editor 4:46—Story Book Hour 6:00 to 6:30 Early Evening Music
Classified Ads
and addina machines, new atid Wied, tot sale, lent and repaired. All htskeC ol ppmble typewrite. $29.76 iio $69.56. OSlee stippUes. Mlmeosraph and 'mnltiKTavn Work. C. F. Bbershoff, 696 Main St Phonk, 27'79. For Rent: RviBs-Rent-A-Car Service. CaTe for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night Phone 2407.
Sigma Pi
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Robert F. Jackson, Indianapolis.
University Orchestra: Rehearsal Sunday, April 6, 3.00 p m., on Music Hall stage. —WESTBURG.
University Choir: ■tkimpulsory rehearsal Sunday, April 6, 8 p. m. —AMT.
Lost: Gold ring with initials G. M. S. inside If found notify Shawkins, 61164.
Gimlet Pledging Meeting: Monday, April 7, 8:30 p. m. in room 308 of the Union building. —TA’yLOR.
Notices
WAA: Baseball practices will he held Monday, April 7 ; Wednesday, April 9; and Friday, April 11. Two practices required for points. Meet in the gym regardless of the weather. —COOPER
Purdue Dairy Club Meeting: Tuesday, April 8, at 7:30 p. m., in Smith Hall, room 198. There Will be election of officers, movies and refreshments. —BROWN.
Thomas Say Entomology Club: Annual Entomologists’ dinner will be held Wednesday, April 9, at the Purdue Memorial ■Union in the East Faculty Lounge. Paul T. Ulman of the State Entomology Office will be principal speaker. -RICKMAN.
P^I
Senior Military Students: Sign up on the bulletin board in the Armory for appoint-
ment to have pictures taken.
4-19 —JOHNSON
Airplane Committee: ^There will he a meeting of all sophomore and freshmen workers on the airplane committee Monday, April 7, in the Union office at 4:16 p. m. Please be on time. —KNIGHT
Religions Conndl: Regular meeting date is second Wednesday (April 9)—no meeting April 6. ^ —Belcher WAA Conndl: Meeting for new and old council members at a breakfa'st Sufiday, April 6, at 9 a. m. Meet at gym with 26c. —PIDGEON
NYA Workers: Checks for the period ending March 16 now available at the Cashier’s office in the Executive building. 1-6 —HOLLENSBE
Wesley Foundation: Annual election of board members on Sunday. April 6. Votes may be cast at any service. • • —McFADDEN
All Students: Sound motion picture, "Lead Mining,” will be shown to all interested students and staff members Monday, April 7, at 7:30 p. nr. in room 202 of Heavilon Hall. —BRAY
Scriveners: Meeting Sunday, April 6, at 7:80 p. m. in room ■261 of the Union. Guests coming. —^RIEGLE
AIChE Members: All members are requested to attend the special business meetingMig Wednesday, April 9, in room 802 of the Chemical and Metallurgical Building. Matters of great importance to the organization will be voted upon. —MASSEY
Modem Dance Club: The following people report for Varsity Show practice Wednesday, April 2, and Friday, April 4, at 4 p. m. as well as Monday, April 7, at 7:16 p. m.: Anderson, Antenen, Arndt, Barrett, Buechele, Cleavelin,^ Heather, Deisch, Gillespie, Lowey, Overly, Newcomb, Percefield, Strcble, Swope, Schmeltkopf, Meyers, Seiban, Ramsdell, Seull, Wo^, Metchqr. —KNIGOT GE 197 Students - first semester: Get your Personal Analysis Reports at the Personnel Office. -JOHNSON
All Engineers: All engineers who have not paid their subscription to the Pnrdne Engineer please remit one dollar during the next two weeks. Office in Union open 4-6:89 daily. —LARTTZ.
Newman Club Contact Committee: The following members wilt meet at 4 p. m. Thursday, April 10, in room 302 of the Union: Rivan, Lanuti, Ford, Lowey, Luers, Hannon, Enz, Clark, Moser, Taylor, Walz, Singer, Benna. Please bring money and ticket. —McCONAHAY
ME 31 C’s and Ps Make-up: Final for C and I grades in any division of ME 81 will be given Saturday, April 12, at 1 p. m. in room 101, Mechanical Engineering Bnilding. —KEMLER.
Reamer Club: Important meeting Monday, April 7, at 7:30 p. m. in room 304 of the Union. Please be present. Pledges 'will appear at 7:46 p, m, —BQHLIN
GE 35: Examination for removal of condition April 12. Make arrangements in room 202 Michael Golden Shops before Friday, April 11. —OWEN.
Purdne Engineer Sophomores and Juniors: Petitions are due by Monday, April 7. —GALE.
Rdigious Council; Meeting Wednesday, April 9. Elections for President, Please secure consent of prospective nominees before the meeting. —BELCHER.
PIA Board: Meeting jn the PIA office Monday afternoon, April 7, at 4:30. Full attendance desired. Newly elected Ward chairmen will not meet with the hoard until the following week. —MUSSER.
Clean ... Appetizing ... Fast service . . . Enjoyable atmosphere Two lines to serve U Economical prices Regular meals . . . Individual tastes Assortment of Fine Foods the Union Cafeteria —^—
J/UL fiwuiusL WmufdjcxL IhuofL The Corner of the Campus---' Yet the Center of College Activities
lPja0e3~ %atkaA
Frances Greenbough . , . national youth secretary of fthe Northern Baptist Convention board of education, will speak to the Purdue Religious Council at its regular meeting Wednesday evening at 7:30 o’clock. Miss Greenough was one of the special guests during last Religious Emphasis Week. L. Gardner To Give Ag Employment Talk L. G. Gordnor of the Travelers Insurance and Indemnity Company ■will address the seniors of the school of agriculture at the annual employment lecture to be held Wednesday, April 9, in room 118 of Agricultural Hall. The lecture, sponsored by Alpha Zeta, agricultural honorary, is open to everyone interested and Gordnor, a graduate of the University, will devote some time to answering and discussing questibns which members of the audience may have, d.e.b.
University of Florida college of agriculture stages an annual rodeo at the stadium. This year’s, April 19.
Salaries represent $1,936,600 of the $2,647,000 two-year budget at West Virginia university.
Presbyterians Dedtcate Olmsfead Organ Toitay Ivan C. Olmstead of Anderson, class of ’99, deceased, will be honored by having a pipe organ and a set of new hirmnals dedicated to him at this morning's service of the University Presbyterian church. The hymnals are the gift of Mrs. W. J. Alford of Anderson. The book was edited by Clarence Dickinson whose father was at one time pastor of the First Presbyterian Church of Lafayette. The organ is a part of the memorial gift made by Mrs. George Lilly and Mrs. Harry E. Campbell of Indianapolis. The program, which begins at 10:30, aside from the brief dedication serdee, ■wiU consist largely of music, r.w.b. Kappa Kappa Gamma .,. announces the initiation of the following: Carol Bals, Gretchen Bartels, Nelda Bsrrum, Doroths^Ann Canfield, Emily Caster, Maren Chesnutt, Ellen Clark, Betty Craig, Kathryn Gates, Marilyn Jo Gardner, Mary Prances Hunter, Rosemary Luber, Rebecca Pershing, Janet Place, Mary P. Robinson, Carol Wattleworth, Betty Wedge, Ann Wickard, Eleanor IViesman, and Jean Yahres. A banquet was held yesterday evening in the Union for the initiates.
Asricnltnrist: Meeting of electoral board's originally scheduled has been postponed. New date announced later. —ADAMS.
AS ADVERTISED /N
SpringStrip^
tVemMej NOR-EAST-Ties
LIFE
They’re new! They’re exciting! Asecretweav-" ing process keeps ’em new looking. You’re “aces” in a Nor-Eost, See them today.
Men’s Shop
AofdiA.
Street Floor
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic OR. PAUL A RISK DR.LUn4ER A RISK DR. HAROLD ). RISK 4th & Main Sts. Plwne 5710
DEACS Everything for a College Educati^
• Locksmith
Complete Line of Greeting Cards University Book Store M. C "Red" Sammons *29 R.W."Doc"l^le'40
Keys and Locks Keys for trunks, sioor locks, desk lodts, night latches and padlocks. Auto koys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 M. 5th St. PhonaSiat
o Hardware
• Dairy Products
If It’s Hardware Wa Hove It Quality Mdse.—Lower Pricck Edgerton Hdwe. inc. Phene 4354 WeDettvw
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUAUTY MILK Phone 46214 « \
• Photographers
• Shoe Repair
C^eras and Suppitea Picture Framing HIHEA pfioroQRAmia 634 Main St. Phana THS
^BOSSUNG SHOE REBUILDING Phone 2240 221 Statec
Ipxi0&, 4 - 'SanahaL The Colunm
From the Indianapolis News we repeat an apology to Czar Ivan the Terrible of Russia. For years he has held the reputation for being the big bad man of Europe. Which is unfair to a man in his grave, when in comparison to the present incumbents . . . He was only slightly repulsive. * * * Exponent of the modern liberty or death motif is Germany’s Austrian paper hanger whose version goes something like—Give me Yugoslavia . . . Or I’ll take it anyhow. •" 4< s|: And speaking of papering, Benito as a partner in the business . . . Seems to have taken over the crepe hanging division. ♦ ♦ ^ As for Hitler’s Mediterranean partner, in view of his present military successes it is very difficult to acertain—^from his balcony scenes—whether he is bowing . . Or ducking. * * * Which brings to mind the utilitarian uses of the fascist salute . . . In keeping the sun out of your eyes. And warding off the flying fruit. * * ♦ But there is something nice about Benito. It’s like starting to go into one yard and meeting a dog that doesn't bark. But instead you try one where there’s a barking dog . . . You’re pretty sure he won’t do more than nibble.
Jbmbf JaUc
What Is A Dictator? With everyone using the word dictator in their everyday conversation and the name being applied to a great many persons who seem to have no similarity it occurred to us that there are probably a great many versions to the meaning of the word. Mr. Gordon Enders, in his History 130 class Friday gave two dictionary versions of the word. According to him Funk and Wagnalls’ definition is “one invested with absolute powers
PHOTO SERVrCE SCOBEE'S
Sunday^ April 6, 1941
fijuadusL £xfionant
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the i>ost office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 3, 1917, authorised January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for 88.00 per year, mail subscription, $8.60. Editor-in-Chief R. W. Donahne Business Manager. Merle Hagemeyer Publication Staff News Editor J. H. McKee Managing Editor D. K. Heiple Associate Editors: N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Ruffner, R. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. F. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R.* O. Swaim, , %
Phone: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represente4 for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Ruffner Day Editor: Milier Issue Editor: Runnion Night Sports Editor: Johnson Workers: Kieper, Nordlmger, Roquemore, Amos, Binski, Keeler, Fiaser, Meier.
-Have
SENIORS—Employers are interviewing now—DON'T DELAY-
application photos ready—Reliable Service.
105 NORTHWESTERN AVE. PHONE 2343
DANCING CLASSES OPEN STUDENTS AND CO-EDS — ENROLL NOW BEGINNER'S APRIL 16th 7:30 P. M. TO EXPERIENCED DANCERS-^ ENROLL IN OUR NEW ADVANCED CLASS APRIL 17th, 7:30 P. M. INDIANA'S LARGEST DANCING SCHOOL ^ P. M. ALLEN, NATIONALLY KNOWN INSTRUCTOR ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry Sts. Phone 2150
Lose Something? Find It by Running a Classified Advertisement in the Purdue Exponent Minimum Charge 25c Phone 5038 Phone 5038
Hot Dog
in government.” Webster says, in addition to the above, “an ancient Roman magistrate, appointed in times of emergency.” To us neither definition seems adequate. It's rather a unique position to be in to disagree with such a man as Webster but we do believe that modern usage has added certain implications to the term. For instance, the term to us implies a certain intolerance for any other viewpoint than that of the leader or his cohorts. It also implies a certain leadership without regard for the leaders constituents and electors. These are just impressions, of course, and they are no doubt colored by the course of current events. It would be interesting to take a peek into a dictionary 100 years hence, however and see how the word dictator is defined and see whose name remains in history as a synonym for the word. Wade Rubick, undergraduate president of the International Relations club at Park College, holds a student membership in the American Academy of Political and Social Science.
Alpha Phi Omega . . . national service fraternity, announces the pledging of the following: Donald E. Brewer, Indiaapolis; Warren Burres, Indianapolis; Ralph Clark, Springville, N. Y.; Richard A. Lancet, Indianapolis; Raymond Price, Fort Wayne; Philip Sigler, Indianapolis; Robert Turner, Indianapolis; Charles Wasson, Upper Derby, Pa.; and Dean Wilbur, Elkhart. Alpha Gamma Rho . . . social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers: Don Ogilvie, president; Robert L. Hurst, vice-president; Howard G. McCarty, rush chairman; Truman W. Hays, house manager; Othmar J, Burger, secretary; John R. Brown, social chairman; Irvin J. Daniels, athletic chairman, and L. W. Combs, chaplain.
Almost everything you see in the shops during this season reminds you that once again it’s Easter time. Whether it’s gifts or clothes or any of a myriad of other things—the stores are ready to belp you. So, come along with me and I’ll call your attention to a^ few^ of the
choicest things.
First of all, You’ll want some ■”■■■"" ■■■
new shoes. At Smith’s they come
straight from the pages of “Vogue” to you. There are navies, blacks, beige, light blue, and reds, to match any and all
outfits. They come in gabardines, patent leathers, kid, and reptile, and, in combinations of these. See
’em at Smith’s.
S-T-S
Found—a boon to college women! No-Mend hosiery that wear 40% longer than other brands. At Queen City they are shown in the “famous five” leg-types that assure perfect fit. \3 These new stocking N^shades are gay and, colorful — Showboat, RoFt. Sill Alumni To Hear Glee Club Recordings Farmer University men in camp at Port Sill, Okla., will receive a “musical message from home” through the co-operation of the University Glee club, which recorded several songs -and had them sent to the fort for a Purdue dinner. The program was arranged by Lieut. George Smith, who was called for active duty a few months ago and includes “Hail Purdue” and “I’ll Never Smile Again” by the entire Glee Club and a solo by Marvin Smith, “Mighty Like a Rose.” e.k.
eo, and Mardi Gras. To make your hosiery dollar go furthes buy NoMend hosiery at Queen jCity.
S-T-S
For spring parties, teas, and formal dinners you’ll want to buy America’s finest candles from the very fine assortment at Deac’s. They are Tavern candles, handdipped, 'dripless, and odorless. Deac’s has the most complete assortment in town, so no matter what length or color you desire
you’ll find it there.
S-T-S
Calling all Harry James fans to the f Foster Shop. What’s calling them ? . . . Why, Columbia record 36004 which i features a trumpet' solo in the “Flight of the Bumble Bee” and is backed by a waltz number, “Carnival of Venice”. And everyone will go for the Foster Shop’s newest Artie Shaw recording. It’s in that popular “Frenesi rhumba rhythm and is called “Danza Lucima”.
S-T-S
T’he newest things in Rgvlon cos^ metics are found at the cosmetics
Slav Def iance (Continued from page 1)
Alpha Lambda Delta P/ee/ges 25 Co-ecfs Alpha Lambda Delta, freshman women’s scholastic honorary, announces the pledging of the following: Mary C. Antenen, Dorothy Apostle, Lois Baugher, Gayle Beesway, Sally Beall, Geraldine Bryant, Dorothy Cornthwaite, Alice Cooley, Dorcas Pink, Mary Lou Egan, Virginia Gallman, Martha Jane Gettinger, Helen Hoskinson, Beth Ludberg. Mary Grace Minkler, Frances Mellon, Margaret Jane Pennington, Ardath Prantner, Anna Shiveley, Martha Lou Stewart, Marian Siegler, Ellen Searight, Jean Langton Thompson, Mabel Vaughn, and Carolyn Wood. Music Room Will Present Piano Recital Today At 4 Piano selections from the works of such well known composers as Bach, Beethoven, Rachmaninoff, Schumann, Chopin and Ravel will be included in the Union Music Room program tomorrow afternoon from 4 until 6 o’clock. Noel Lee, a West Side high school student known throughout the state for his ability as a pianist, will play. r.l.h. Petrol Engineering ... magazine features in its March issue an article by Dr. E. N. Kemler of the Mechanical Engineering school entitled “A Functional Analysis of the Engineer’s Place in the Petroleum Industry.”
and seriously disturbed by the prospect that the valuable mineral and agricultural resources of that area as well as its invaluable strategic positions may accrue to Britain instead of to Germany, as had been taken for granted from the begin-
ning.
That is why many competent observers believe that, despite German dislike of a second front, the war in the Balkans soon may pass from the diplomatic and intrigue stage to one of intensive military operations. The terrain, the lines of supply, the preliminary disposition of troops and other factors are not such as the German generals would choose. They are such as to send cold shivers down the spines of the Italian chieftains, who never reckoned on such possibilities when they entered the war last June 10. Hitler May Have To Act But Hitler cannot bear to be crossed and Germany cannot afford to see the British position on the continent grow stronger week by week as is now the case in Greece "and Yugoslavia. So, much as it interferes with Hitler’s plans for the subjugation of Britain before American aid reaches devastating proportions, an attempt to drive the British and their allies out of Europe seems to be forced on Hitler. Hungarian Situation The acute realization otwhat such a Balkan campaign would mean to "Hungary doubtless was one of the primary factors in the suicide Thursday of Prime Minister Teleki. The Hungarian statesman had done all in his power to preserve his country from the direr aspects of participation in the war on the Axis side by a long series of minor concessions. He could not endure the prospect of converting Hungary into a major base of German operations against Yugoslavia and ended his life with* a bullet.
counter at Loeb’s. Lipstick, nail poL , ish, and cheekstick a new cream rouge, come in the giddy colors of Rosy Future, Cherry Coke, and they’re made espec-
ially'to wear with the latest dress shades. You’ll like these Revlon
products at Loeb’s.
S-T-S
Easter is just a week from today, and it brings thoughts of Easter cards, bunnies, and gifts. Southworth’s Gift Shop is ready to , fill the bill for any of these things that you desire. Their assortment of Hallmark and Rustcraft’ cards, of Schrafft’s Easter candies, of bunnies in all sizes and colors, and of gifts should meet all your wishes. See them soon at Southworth’s . S-T-S You’ll be in a dancing mood the “moment you set your eyes upon the spring formats at the Palais Royal. That covered-up look seems to be here to stay—nearly all the dresses have sleeves, either short and puffed or long and full. They’re really breath-taking in chiffon, lace, organdy, or jersey, made up in lovely pastel hues. One particularly good looking formal at the Palais Royal was in the military style with navy skirt, white shirtwaist top, and a brief red bolero.
S-T-S
For men only . . . the camel’s hair jackets at Geisler’s, I mean. These smartly styled jackets, made by Varsity Town, are 3-butbon, ‘single breasted, and have three patch pockets and two inside pockets. Hand-needled edges give a distinctive look to these 100% camel’s hair jac'kets at Geisler’s. '
S-T-S
Costume jewelry is noto in fashionable I found a most colorful and stylish assortment at the Foster Shop. Lapel pins feature glass animals and peasant figures, while one of
the most clever of these pins had two wooden buckets on a_gold link pulley. Bracelets, necklaces, pins, and clips are made of everything but the kitchen sink—cork, wood, leather, silver and even brazil nuts. They’re priced right, too, at the
Foster Shop.
S-T-S
The next time you want to let down and relax for awhile, why
don’t you visit the Music Room at the Union? Its pleasant surfroundings and peaceful atmosphere plus a collection of the finest music in the your mind away
still a keyaccessories.
world will take
from each and every worry. Special art exhibits and Sunday afternoon concerts are also yours to enjoy at the Music Room. /
You will loQk and feel “all dressed up” on Easter Morn if your Garments have been Sanitone Cleaned.
Phone Today for Pick-Upl ™ American Laundry