Volume 52, No. 77
West Loioqrolle# Indiana
Sunday, December 9, 104(|
iveter Cagers Outplay Tutors, 65-41
Ballet Here For Fourth Convo
Debators Pass Two Boilermaker Five Shines
T ^1* I I fti • II II BillsAtClosingDay In Last Half High Scoring
Tomorrow Night In Music Hall oiModeicongress
Set Number Of Seats Go On Sale To Public Before Performance The Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo will appear in the Hall of Music tomorrow night for the fourth regular University convocation of the present school year. Music Hall doors will be opened at 7:16 o’clock. Leonide Massine, acknowledged io be the greatest living master of the dance, directs the Ballet Russe which comes to campus after a summer crowded with triumphs in the art centers of South America and a United States tour opening three weeks’ session in New York. Eighth National Tour This is the eighth consecutive season that the ballet has toured the nation, and during each of these S. Hurok, noted New York impresario, has directed the tour. For the 1940-’41 season, and tomorrow night’s performance. Director Massine has kept practically intact his glittering array of dancing stars. Alexandra Danilova, Alicia Markova, Mia Slavenska and other famed ballerinas will dance spectacular roles as in past tours. Massine, himself heading the list of male dancers, will have in leading parts Andre Eglevsky, Igor Youskevitch, Frederic Franklin, and Marc Platoflf. Conductor For Decade Efrem Kurtz, outstanding symphonic conductor, who has directed the musical destinies of the Monte Carlo Ballet Russe for nearly a decade, will direct the musical presentation tomorrow night. A limited number of seats for townspe<^le, alumni and friends, priced at one dollar, will be available at the ticket office in the lobby of the Executive Building Just prior to the performance. No seats are reserved. jji.p. AlChE Invites ASME To See Film At Meeting Tues. ASME has been invited by the AIChE to attend the meeting Tuesday at 7;30 o’clock in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building to witness the showing of a picture showing the very unusual aspects regarding the transfer of heat and its ctmtrol. The picture will be brought to the campus by Corydon Hall, MB ’20 and Chicago districts sales manager for the Johns-Man-ville company. j.r.g.
Dr. Payne Will Deliver Presbyterian Church Dedication Talk Today University Presbyterian Student Church will be dedicated this afternoon at 2:30 o’clock, with Dr. Paul C. Payne of Philadelphia delivering the dedicatory sermon. Dr. Payne is the secretary of the Presbyterian Churches of the United States. Church Choir Will Sing Music for the dedication will be furnished by the church choir under the direction of A. P. Stewart, difector of the University musical Organizations. The lower floors, which are devoted to student activities, have been occupied since the opening of school this semester. The chapel will be opened to the public for the first time this afternoon. The chapel is to be dedicated, “The Ivan C. Olmstead Memorial Chapel.” Organized Band Olmstead was a former student at the University, a member of the class of 1899. He is remembered as the organizer and first director of the University band. In his memory, Mrs. Olmstead and her mother, Mrs. Mary Eliza Dorsey, finished the interior^ of the chapel, r.t. Debate Team Opposes Illinois Squad Monday The University debate team will encounter the Illinois-Wesleyean team in a debate in room 363 of the Union tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock. Subject will be “Resolved; The Power of the Federal Government Should Be Increased.” The University will be represented by Maurice Udes and Robert Weiss who will take the affirmative. The debaters on the opposing team have not been named as yet. 400 Couples Attend WRH Winter Formal Four hundred couples danced to the music of Ted Travis and his orchestra last night from 9 to 12 6’clock at the Women’s Residence Halls’ Christmas Formal. Jane McCouch, chairman, and her assistants, Lucinda Redwine, Dorothy Cornth^aite and Mary and Margaret Wirt, composed the committee in charge of the formal, k.r.
Knitting Everywhere As Co-eds Try ToGet Done By Christmas
By Margaret Fuller Everyone seems to be knitting, and you’ll find knitters eyexyWhere —in chemistry lectures, speech classes, convos, and it even is an approved activity in the Exponent office. In the fury to get their work done before Christmas men are employed on dates, holding the knitting ball. Many experienced knitters claim they can concentrate on two things at once, and it would be on interesting survey 'to know if more stitches were dropped Monday at 8 a. m. or Thursday night a 5 minutel ’til 11,
Knitting statistics reveal yams in colors from delicate bines and bright reds to dull brown. Mittens and sweaters are the chief products. Time requirements range from two weeks to several years. If you’re interested in taking up the art and desire to accomplish big things, sign up for several lecture courses next semesterlabs and knitting qren’t particularly adapted to each other. In the meantime knlMng goes on. We’ll be looking for those new mittens after Christmas, fellows.
The Week^s War As Reviewed By A Foreign Editor
By Carroll Binder (Foreign Editor, The Daily News) To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1940 Chicago Daily News, Inc These are paragraph excerpts from Carroll Binder’s review of the week’s war news.—News Editor. There was revealed in The Daily News this week the first news about what apparently is expected by its promoters to become the most powerful American move to force an early end to the present war in Europe. The details of this campaign have yet to be disclosed by its sponsors, but enough is known of the character of several of its principal promoters to warrant the making of certain inferences from a dispatch reaching The Daily News from its Vichy correspondent. Vichy Wants German Victory Paul Ghali radioed that Ben Smith, well-known Wall Street speculator, had spent the previous week there conferring with Pierre Laval and the other pi eminent figures of the Vichy legime, who, for a variety of personal reasons, are eager to have the war ended by a German victory over Britain. Mr. Smith apparently made his contacts with high French officials without the intervention of the American embassy staff, which usually is expected to sponsor the introduction of American visitors to heads of foreign governments. Mr. Smith certainly was not in Vichy on behalf of the American government. Dickers With Laval Clique In Vichy it is understood that Mr. Smith sought the co-operation of the Laval coterie for a new peace move and that he was acting in behalf of Joseph P. Kennedy, former American ambassador to London, and a group of Americans interested in having the war end before the United States made up its mind to intervene more fully to prevent a possible British defeat. Kennedy Disclaims Smith When asked about Mr. Smith’s activities Mr. Kennedy denied any connection with them. Theire have been so many contradictions between Mr. Kennedy’s public statements and his private activities in the past that the Kennedy disclaimer of connection with the Smith activities is not conclusive to some observers. Ben Smith’s present whereabouts are not known. It is believed in Vichy that Smith contemplates vis(Continued on page 4) Richberg, Knapp Talk To Indiana Schoolmen Donald Richberg, former director of the NRA, Henry Schricker, gov-ernor-elect of Indiana, and Representative James M. Knapp spoke on the “Case For and Against Increasing Eederal Power” yesterday morning before two hundred members of the Indiana Schoolmen’s Club convened on campus in annual meeting. President E. C. Elliott spoke to the afternoon session of thq club in the north ballroom of the Un** ion. e.g.k.
968 Delegates Register; Fort Wayne Sends 132 Two pieces of legislature were passed by the members of the Indiana High School Debate League’s model Indiana General AssembljMn their two day session which came to a close yesterday afternoon. Nine hundred and sixty-eight high school debaters registered for the two-day conference. The lesolutioq, which was able to gai^ the approval of both houses in the limited time, memorialized Congress to pass a law providing for co-operation between the Dies Congressional Committee, the FBI and the U. S. Treasury Department in prosecuting subversive activities.
County Unit System
The other piece of legislature which was passed by the assembly provided for the county unit system for school administration. For a few statistics on the conference, the 968 debaters attending were from 91 Indiana high schools represented at the meeting. They prepared and introduced 93 different bills, but most of the bills died
m committee.
Speaker James M. Knapp of Hagerstown presided over the House sessions while former Senator Fred F. Eichhorn, ’23, of Gary, took charge of the Senate. The latter, a graduate of the School of Forestry, later received his degree in law at
Michigan.
Fort Wayne Wins Cup The attendance trophy, awarded to the school with the most representatives, was won by North Side High School of Fort Wayne which had 63 students present. Ft. Wayne had 132 delegates, the largest attendance of any city. e.g.k. Lambert Will Speak On Team's Chances Coach Ward “Piggy” Lambert will be guest speaker at an open meeting of the Tippecanoe County Purdue Club Tuesday evening at 7:16 o’clock in the East Reception Room of the Union. He will discuss this season’s prospects for Eoilermaker basketball and attempt to predict how the Western Conference title may shape up. Preceding the meeting an informal “get-together” dinner will be held, according to Prof. D. S. Clark of the School of Mechanical Engineering, president of the club. Other officers are C. V. Peterson, vicepresident; Haven Smalley, treasurer; Jane Demoret, secretary, f.i.j. Dubberstein Speaks On 'Orient" Tuesday Dr. Waldo H. Dubberstein of the Oriental Institute, University of Chicago, will speak on “Early Science in the Near East” next Tuesday at 7:30 p. m. in Stanley Coulter Hall. Dr. Dubberstein will address an open meeting sponsored by th^ University chapter of Sigma Xi. Dr. Dubberstein is well known for his research on the institutions of the ancient world and has visited excavations in Syria, Egypt, Palestine and Persia. He was in Kansas and holds the degrees of Master of Science and Doctor of Philosophy at the University of Chicago where he is a research associate in the Oriental Institute. b.g3.
By JOE DOLAN, Exponent Sports Editor Walt Disney wasn’t such a dreamer wjien he wrote “Whistle While Ya Work,” because Ward Lambert had a couple of boys working a ball game last night who really emulated that son^s theme, but they didn’t stop a Purdue basketball team, playing Purdue basketball for a last half against Western State Teachers^ollege of Macomb, 111., because the Tutors fell before the brilliant, ragged and free-for-all floor game of the Riveters,
65-41.
Purdue’s starting five were boys who had seen little or no action for Purdue this season with the exception of Jake Weber at center, but they managed to keep pace with the visiting five from Macomb. John Galvin, who plays a hot and cold brand of basketball, turned in a couple of spectacular passes to Adams and Fields after opening the scoring himself to give the Gold and Blacks a 6-2 lead at the end of three minutes of play. G. Willard drove under for the small school, cutting the count to a bucket difference, but Weber tipped in a fol-low-shot and 'Purdue was four
points in front again. Both Teams Score
Both clubs seemed to score on a par. Polk hit a medium shot, E. Willard retailiated witii a long onehand hook swisher, and Big Jake Weber again used his height on a tip-in, the count standing at 12-6. Lambert shot a mixture of reserves and regulars into the fray at this point, and Riley, Blankin, and Sumner took up the free scoring game. Blaifidn, the guy with elastic joints, stretched imder the hoop for a couple of short shots and Sumner was good for a foul circle shot, but Bishop and E. Willard kept Illinnia in the running with spectacular one hand heaves from the dressing
rooms, or thereabouts.
Blemker, junior forward, added two long left-handed push-shots to the Purdue ledger before the gun
sounded.
12 Points; 20 Minutes As the final 20 minutes swung into action, Lambert designated his semi-first five to take the floor, awd with Igney, Sprowl, Blankin, and Tierney playing the first thi^ to look like Purdue basketball this semester, Purdue’s side of the score board took a new lease on life. Tn four minutes, this foursome ,with (Continued on page 4)
Big Ten Faculty Votes Unanimously Against Post Season Contests Faculty representatives of Big Ten colleges and universities voted unanimously yesterday to continue the policy of having no after season games. This means, of course, that the proposal to have the Rose Bowl game as an intersectional game between a Western Conference team and a West Coast team is defeated. The feeling was not quite as unanimous as the vote indicates, however. Chicago did not participate since it plays no Big Ten football and the vote was made unanimous when it appeared that the change in ruling would fail to pass. j.f.a. Art Club To Present Little Movie Convo Tuesday Night, 7:30 The first Little Movie Convo of a series of three will be presented by the Student Art Club Tuesday evening at 7:30 o’clock in room 363 of the Union. This new project of the club is on a subscription basis, so that one ticket will grant admission to all three .^howings of the
movies.
Less than 60 Little (Movie) Convo tickets are still on sale at the west desk of the Union for 60 cents. No tickets will be sold after the first movie is shown on Tuesday evening at 7:30 o’clock. Tuesday’s program will featju-e “The River,” a stop^ of the Mississippi River basin,'^lits condition today, and the steps being taken to bring about flood and erosion control. The next films on the program are “The Movies March On,” produced by March of Time, and “Rhapsody In Steel,” which portrays the complete manufacture of America’s most famous product, the automobile. The undoubted favorite of the program will he “Mickey’s Band Concert,” another of Walt Disney’s creations. Bob Parks, director of the Puttering Shop and sponsor of the Student Art Club, promises that such convocations will become an annual project of the club if sufficient student interest is shown. c.a.s. Formal Reamer Initiation Takes Place This Evening The formal initiation of Reamer pledges will take place at 6:30 o’clock this evening in the Union. At 6:30, following the. initiation ceremony,'a banquet will be Hfld in room 363. Invitations to this qnnual initiation dinner have been extended to all Reamer honorary membeia among the faculty and to President Elliott, who will give the principal address of the evening. Hunter Smith is in charge of aiV rangements for the banquet, andl Louis E. Aull will pi^ide as toast, master. a.p.h.
'Puidue Model'Sells For$1.25 Per Pound; Brings Tefal Of $839 Chicago, 111., Dec. 7.—(Special to the Purdue Exponent)—Auctioned last night before an enthusiastic buying audience at the International Live Stock Exposition in the Chicago Union Stock Yard Amphitheater, the University grand champion barrow, “Purdue’s Model VI,** was sold to Wilson and Company, national meat packers. This Chester White harrow was sold for $1.26 a pound, a price that was 30 cents less than last year’s. The barrow weighed 268 poun^ and thus brought a total of $832., In the light steer class, the University’s Aberdeen-Angus, w»ig^» ing 600 pounds, was houq^t by the New City Provision and Packmgr company for 30 cents a pquii4 The entry in the heavy-weight |wark caiy cass, a Chester White, sold fisp ai’ae cents a pound to the Hofher Meajk Company. The president of the IntematikHk. al, Henry W, Bfarshall, served as acting president of the Univertlllf during the sidiodt year, AOSI'.’SStT e.w.p./ '
‘ '!>
V
ii
u
Sunday. Decombnr 0. 1940
fitVtduuL £xpotuatt
Colmmi-
Naai bombers came pretty close to dismantling the olaerVatory at Greenwich, England on Friday. Which pertturbed the imperturbable British somewhat. Without that observatory to co-ordinate time, the country’s morale would go to pieces. Just imagine that instead of exactly at 4 . .. Having tea served all the way from 3:45 to 4:15.
How gha^y.
The Germans don’t care, though. They can drink beer any old time without ill effects on their spirits.
Time means nothing to them. * * As for ns we still have Western Union.
Up in the land of kilts and bagpipes Adolph’s cross country men have been dumping high explosives rather indescriminately too. Edinburgh’s Holyrood House was the latest objective. Incidentally that is where all the Scottish kings and queens rest and rot. How anyone can make a military objective out of a bunch of old bones is beyond ns. * * * We can picture all the old warriors rising up in righteous wrath, and, uttering a fierce highland yell, charging Berlin with drawn claymores. (In the background the bagpipes are playing Loch Lommond.) —■ Then demanding payment in full. For every cent of damages.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered u second class matter at the nest office in La. (ayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March S, 1879. dnd at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October S, 1917, authorised January 20, 1022. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail sub-
scription $8.60.
Edltor-in..CUef B. W. Donahno Business Manager Merle Hagemeyer
Publication Staff
Mews Editor J. H. McKee Managing Jlditor D. K. Helple
Associate Editors: W. X!. Heaton, M. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Ruffner, B. M. Skallerup, J. Trmugott.
Business Staff
Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, 0. F. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R, J. Shadford; Circulation Ibmager, R. M.
Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff
Editor Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna
Siess.
Sports Staff Editor . _ .... „ _ _ J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. ' Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Purcell Day Editor: Miller Issue Editor: Nordlinger Night Sports Editor: Johnson Staff: E. G Kieper, C. A Stoeokel, K G. Roguemore, A Hunter, J R Galloway, J S. Keeler, R. A. Tewksbury, J. F. Amos, Margaret Fuller, Peggy Howard and E J Gray
Hoot Mon!
Now he can fight for Greece for all we care, but under the present circmstances, and without help to the underdog policy.
In Washington it looks as if President Roosevelt has started to take this w’AP seriously. First he gives off
Joein ’ ^Round
By Peggy Howard
It’s amazing what di^stic changes can take place on campus in ono week ... Frantically rushing down to the Sweet Shoppe after four whole days away fpom the place, we were absolutely amazed to find it looking so unfamiliar — at first we thought they were probably just trying to cut down on light bills, but Frank, S. S. Dictator said no—^it’s just to celebrate the Yuletide season.
Ether Edits
By Gordon Griffin
Anyhow it’s a dam economical way to celebrate!
But what really stunned us most was the dhance in the ratio . . . Here we had spent all last week-end bragging to the Wisconsin co-eds about the number of men at our school only to come back and find that the numbers were 1.8 to 1— and all because of a bunch of high school debaters.
It could be hardly more than coincidence which is responsible for the fact that Jack Benny tonight, and Campus Varieties next Saturday, are going to concentrate on “last minute\’ Christmas shopping. It will be the Benny cast’s last appearance in Hollywood’s Radio City since they are leaving for New York to be on hand for the premier of Jack’s (or should we say Fred Allen’s) new picture. Regular time is 6:00 p. m. over WMAQ.
One Man’s Family (tonight at 7:30 p. m. over WMAQ) is approaching its ninth Christmas season together. One of the oldest, and certainly one of the favorite shows, it was aired for the first time over a west coast station on April 29, 1932.
Then going down to the Exponent office, we found out about our new rival column, “Prexy Says"— Here it’s practically a newcomer and it’s already a front page daily — But I guess that’s pull for you! Well, anyhow, in spite of all the chuBges we were dam glad to get badk in time for such an eventful week-end as this one proved to be.
Highlights of the week: CBS, and WBBM, offer the “Great Adventure,” starring Ronald Coleman at 5:00 p. m. tonight; followed at 9:30 by another outstanding production “Michael and Mary,” starring Raymond Massey and Helen Hayes, an adaptation of the story of A. A. Milne .. . Little (but mighty) McCar-
Friday night started the week^^d pff with a bang— Aprewiew of “What A Life” for all those who could swipe little yellow tibbons—a thrill a minute baskeihall gume uver in the fieldhouse <— a super orchestra and a super danoe, the Union formal, over at the Union were on the program. As usual WHl Osborne played overtime, slightly rushing the nightly rituals with one o’clock hours prevailing, but nobody seemed to mind.
there mnning around with that lovelight in their eyes.
Well, that about completes the highlights of this week-end, and now, just remember, if you see lots of five o’clock shadows on the Eds faces this next week, don’t get excited ’cause they’re just saving up for the Brawl next Friday. — We’ll see you there. Yours truly, (Well, can’t you lead the byline ?)
ARC
-TODAY -TOMORROW-
JACH
P£NNY
AND
'EVERYTHING HAPPENS AT NIGHT" — WITH — SONIA HENIE RAY MILLAND — ALSO — "UGLY DUCKLING" Walt Disney Cartoon
Saturday night followed Friday’s pace with ite share of events . . . Another basketball game in the Fieldhouse and after the game a dhoioe of dances to attend—^The W B H ites headed the list with their formal dance over at the halls. The girls have really got something there with a Closed Co-ed Bid dance! -4- Runnin]^ competition with the bkUs, the Kappa Big’s also picke^ ‘;Baturday night for their fonb^ jCmas dance. The dance was held at the chapter house and Bill Idartin played. — The Theta Xi's also went sodal last night with a radio dance, Western style, over at the chapter house. You should have seen Loimnell and Redhead over
AUCI tv BITVr fjite” orab&e
JACK JOHir OAKIB VATNE auBN icNUNa. BfTHca MLaroN mcHoua MOVMBM • BCNcaanii
NOW PIAVINC
Religions Council To Talk
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Oii European starvation
Purdue Religious Council Peace Committee will discuss the question “Shall Europe Starve This Winter?” at the Purdue ^Christian Foundation of the Lafayette Christian Church this evening. This discussion team is composed of Caroline Britton, Bud Tucker, and Howard Hamilton. Sponsor Holiday Program The council and several women’s groups are sponsoring a holiday program for the benefit of the children of Lafayette. The plan was started several weeks ago and will continue until Christmas.
According to Anna Catherine Williams, chairman of the social committee of the council, the children meet at the North End and South End Community Centers and fashion Christmas wreaths for sale to students and townspeople. Orders for these wreaths are being taken by the council. Dale Moffett and Howard Hamilton are directing the children’s work at the centeis.
with a big proclamation. To Greece. About how the United States has a policy of helping everybody who is getting picked on. By an aggressor nation. Then he hops aboard a cruiser for parts unknown. Without his fishing pole.
Plan Extensive Program A much more extensive program is planned for the community centers next year. It will include recreation and handicraft clubs in addition to the home economics clubs.
‘And of course Waldo never confides his business troubles to me—except when I buy something!”
Personnel Notes
ber 11. Printed data sheets may lie used in place of this blank.
He could at least send a letter of encouragement to Benito.—dkh
thy will have not one, not two, but three feminine guests tonight when the Andrews Sisters pay him a visit over WMAQ at 7:00 p. m. But, we can rest assured he will handle the situation satisfactorily and imdoubtedly entertainingly. . . . The NBC Symphony will dedicate its Sibelius program to the 76th birthday anniversary of that Finnish composer over most of that network’s stations at 1:00 p. m. . . . Jane Pickens and Clyde '^Lucas’ orchestra will be guest entertainers on the Pitch Bandwagon tonight at 6:30 p. m. over WMAQ. —e-e— Did You Know That: T. Dorsey has bowed to anti-swing sentiment and now calls himself, not “That Sentimental Gentleman of Swing,” but simply “That Sentimental Gentleman.” It seems to us (to be quite trite) “if the shoe fits, wear it.” . . . Wayne King will land the music assignment for the annual Mardi Gras in New Orleans ... We wouldn’t be a bit surprised if Jack Benny guests on Fred Allen’s show during his “duration” in New York, or vice versa. . . .
Company: The Hoover Company, North Canton, Ohio. Company’s Products: Vacuum Cleaners. Representative: C. G. Troxler. Date of Visit: December 12 and 13, 1940. Will Interview: Senior EE, ME— January men only. Types of Positions: Product Engineering. Company: Aluminum Goods Manufacturing Company, Manitowoc, Wis. Company’s Products: “Mirro” Aluminum Ware, automotive, refrigerator and radio parts: Types of Positions: Production, sales engineering. Training Desired: Mechanical engineering—January men. Special Qualifications and Information: Printed .material describing the products of this company may be seen at the personnel office. Those interested should fill out a personnel form which may be secured at the personnel office. This blank must be returned to the personnel office by 4 p. m. Wednesday, Decem-
Company: Carbide and Carbon Chemicals Corp., Charleston, W. Va. (Subsidiary of Union Carbide and Carbon Corp.) Representatives; Messrs. King and Pickering. Date of Visit: December 18, 1940. Will Interview: Seniors and graduates: ME, ChE, Masters and PhD in organic chemistry. Special Qualifications and Information: ME—Development and production, gas department. ChE—Development and production, also sales. Chem—Development and research.
uates in ChE, EE, ME, and Met. £)• Special Qualifications and Information: Important: To be considered for interview, men must complete by December 11th the regular Personnel Information Blanks available at the Personnel Office.
Company: The National Radiator Company, Johnstown, Pennsylvania. Company’s Products: Radiators, etc. Representative: B. T. DuPont — Manager, Cast Products Division. Date of Visit: To be annoimced later. Will Interview: June, 1941 Grad-
Company: Westinghouse Air Brake Company, Wilmerding, Pennsylvania. Company’s Products: Air Brakes, etc. Representative: C. F. Hammer — Engineer of Tests. Date of Visit: To be announced later. Will Interview: January, 1941 ME graduates. Special Qualifications and Information: Important: To be considered for interview, men must complete by December 11th the regular Personnel Information Blanks available at the Personnel Office.
America’s” ' '
Merry Mickey and Joyous Judy in a musical iun show that starts where " Babes in Arms " leftoffi
THioke^ ROONEY
PAUL WHITEMAN AND ORCHESTRA JUNE PREISSER • WIUJAM TRACY
LUMA
I TODAY - TOMORROW
URMfiTU
STARTS TODAY
FLORENZ ZiE6PELD*S FAMOUS STAGE HIT NOV A TECHNICOLOR TRIUMPHI
^^RAacDONAID NELSON EDDY
NOEL COWJWOrS
MN HUNTER MUaci FELIX BRCMART COMEDVl " ROMANCRt*
NaiII
NOW SHOWING TWO FIRST RUN HITS!
'aV
T
t’
i'
'V' , ' li 1
- , ", -■' ••iWj’' ,t' ■!
’ S
., ''* ' r "‘ai irp'^‘irF''al'.i* ' ’ v/A'i V”
fiiiJtduz, Sxf^^
$uiiday« December 8# 1940.
fiaag 3
!</
An IrithnaH’s lllusitBS
Riveter Squash Team Downs Culver
iiyri?l7'T» npui? (me* a mar MiSllal lli£« IlSAlli
By Joseph Patrick Dolan Purdue University has always been fortunate enough to gather more than its share of publicity through the medium of athletic success, but since the paradox of athletic accomplishments 6eem to be piling up on old Jawn’s institute, one would expect to see the name of “Purdue” appearing just in the result columns, but where team success ha& failed, individual performances have kept the Gold and Black school in the print. —I-I— With Dave Rankin’s name, the title “Purdue” found every nook and corner of the nation. But now comes the advance information from M. S, Stewart, of Esquire magazine, informing us with “proof” material that Purdue is still in the big black type. The January issue of Esquire has as its feature sport story of the issue a slight bibliography of Ward Lambert, Purdue’s super-successful basketball coach. -1-1— The article is written by Bill Fox, a sports writer for One of the Indianapolis papers. After reading the advance article, I find that the Lambert story revolves around a central theme something Uke this: If basketball lent itself to systems as does football, the Lambert style would soon become- as famous as the Rockne brand of football. It would be more like that than the Warner style. Speed paces power in Piggy’s plan. , The article is well written and
Intramural i Sports Ward Swimming Thursday afternoon at 4:10 o’clock the annual ward swimming meet will be held in the Fieldhouse swimming pool. A large entry i6 expected in the competition for the various events. Medals will be awarded to the winners in each of the races. IM Schedules SQUASH Monday, December 9
7:00 1
Court 1
GRILL LOUNGE GRILL LOUNGE GRILL LOUNGE
Meet me in the Grill Lounge!
The snappy place to eat ... Plan on eating in the Grill. You will be more than pleased with the delicious food and / efficient service in the Grill.
JhiL fiWviMASL TnmufwoL TAmofL The Corner of the Campue— Yet the Center of AOivUies \
V«$if»CoiirtstersRollUp4-1 wfiHeTeamDefeab Victory In In it id I Home Contest i^gd p{v0 |n Ffosh
Intra-Squad Contest
Competing on their home courts for the first time this year, the Riveter squash team yesterday afternoon took the Culver Military Academy team in hand and trounced them soundly, 4-1. That the absence of coach Clevett, who is attending the Big Ten athletic conference in Chicago, bothered them but little 1 is evidenced by the decisive 3-0 victories turned in by captain Jim Mann, Paul Smith, Pess Fant and Norm Goldstein.
Culver Wins Tough One ~ ■
: Delta Tau Delta vs Sigma Alpha
Epsilon
Court 2: Acacia vs Alpha Tau Omega Court 3: Delta Upsilon vs Phi Sigma Kappa
BASKETBALL
Monday, December 9 Court 1: H. Young, Referee 7:0(K Ward 1 vs Ward 38 7:16 'Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 3 8:00 Cary Hall 2 vs Cary Hall 4 8:16 Ward 2 vs Ward 40 Court 2: W. B. McAdams, Referee 7:00 Ward 11 vs Ward 8 7:16 Cary Hall 6 vs Cary Hall 7 8:00 Cary Hall 8 vs Cary Hall 6 8:16 Ward 10 vs Ward 13 Court 8: H. Goldstein, Referee 7:00 Ward 14 vs Ward 21 7:16 Cary Hall 8 vs Cary Hall 12 8:00 Cary Hall 10 vs Cary Hall 13 8:16 Cary Hall 14 vs Cary Hall 11 Court 4; R. J. McCarthy, Referee 7:00 Ward 16 vs Ward 22 7:16 Ward 28 vs Ward 26 8:00 Ward 24 vs Ward 26 8:16 Ward 27 vs Ward 29
interesting to consume, as Bill Pox is a Hoosier sport writer de luxe, but it doesn’t mention Lambert’s famous hypothesis of the hardwood that basketball is a mental battle, culminating (most physical aspects being fairly equal) in a victory for the kid who can control his nervous system better than his opponent. Attention to all bowling teams
Don Marshall, squash coach and acting captain of the Culver five, was the only Academy man to chalk up a win for his team. He overcame Dave McMillan, Riveter number two man, by the score of 3-1 in a hard fought four game match. None of his team-mates could turn the trick, however, and when all was over the score stood. Boilermakers 4, Culver 1. To Riveter Norm Goldstein went the honor of winning the first match of the series. He took three easy games in a row from Jordan of Culver who, incidentally, before' he became an instructor there, played with the varsity on the first Boilermaker sqUash teams in 1934 and 1936. Sophomore Outstanding Sophomore Goldstein, by virtue of his steady improvement all fall and his amazing victory in this match, has placed himself among the leaders of those out for varsity squash. Today he allowed his opponent but fourteen points, not enough to win one game, let alone three. In the second match of the day. Riveter ^captain Jim Mann took his Initial three games easily from who suffered humiliating defeat at the hands of Dr. Miller’s omniverous bowling team last season: Yesterday afternoon Miller’s mis-fits lost to the Kappa Kappa Gamma, sorority 2-1. The girls were the Greek champs of their division last year, but it now looks as if the Cary Hall teams and fraternity clubs can now join in and “rub it in” the pill rollers this season. —I-I— Are the Kappas good, or is Doc’s team tired?
“Mac” Goode, Culver tennis coach. In no game was he ever in any great danger of losing. The third set was Dave McMillan’s loss to a really good player, Don Marshall, Culver’s squash coach. Boilermakers Take Last Two The fourth and fifth matches went off rather rapidly with Jess Fant and Paul Smith of the Riveters beating Hodgkin and Goulding respectively. As a sample of how the day’s scores ran. Smith and Pant between them amassed a total of 90 points to their opponents’ 49. This team from Culver was, of course, made up of their faculty and by no means represented the student body. It included two English instructors, one math, one science and one French instructor. Three of these men were also squash, tennis and wrestling coaches in their spare time. Culver racqueteer, Don Marshall, showed himself to be easily the standout player among them. Following are the individual scores:
Goldstein Jordan
... 15 .. 3
Mann , 15 16 Goode 8 9
McMillan 12 16 Marshall 16 10
Fant 16 Hodgkin 6
Smith 16 Goulding 0
11 16
j.s.k.
Traveling Exhibit ... of the Young America Paints Institution of New York City will be shown until December 20 in Building No. 2. In it are 26 pictures painted in a variety of styles by students in junior and senior levels of the institution. The public is invited to view this exhibit.
Ask Any Woman Who Has Used WEST SroE CLEANING Once you’ve tried it—you’ll have no other. Better workmanship—faster service—extra value. Our long list of satisfied customers is your guarantee of dependability. Try it this week.
"Lowest Prices Quelity Will Permit" I . Northwestern at Vine Phone 4081
A torrid battle between two freshmen quintets waged fiercely for sixty minutes on the main floor of the Fieldhouse yesterday afternoon in a tightly contested game before the White team emerged the winner over the Reds by a score of
58-62.
Shelby Leads Scoring Providing a preview of what may be expected from the sophomore cagers of next season, the yearling basketeers fought on even terms for the entire battle, with the final outcome of the tussle unknown until the final few minutes. A chubby forward from Lebanon, Willard Shelby, led the winner’s attack, netting a total of 16 points as a reward for his aggressive play and elusive goal tossing. Harold Taylor from Muncie starred for the losers with 14 points to score run-ner-up honors. Johnson and Chester, the latter a member of the frosh grid team, were outstanding for their ball handling and defensive play. Complete Summary The summary of the game is as follows: REDS FG FT PF Wright, f . . ...1 0 10 Chester, f 3 1 0 Menke, c 0 0^ Dickman, g 8 0 3 Johnson, g 10 1 Leevy, £ 4 0 1 Zehring, f 4 0 0 Ettling, g 2 0 1 Taylor, f 7 0 1 ' Stoelting, c 10 2
Presenting... BOB IGNEY
(Editor’s Noto—Today we uresent tlM lirst of a series of brief biograpliics of Ute personnel of the 1940-’4I baskedMlt tcant with Uie hope of bringfair a closer bond between the team and the Gold and Bhik fandom.]^ Weighing 156 pounds, standing just one inch less than six feet in his stocking feet, just barely of conscription age, a senior in the P£ school—^we present Robert LeRoy Igney, captain of the defending championship Boileimaker hardwood contingent. Bob first saw the light of day in Frankfort, but at a very early age moved to Rossville, where he starred on the local quintets. During
Totals 26 2 10 White FG FT PF Shelby, £ 7 2 1 Grove, £ 3 0 0 Swantz, c 0 11 Brower, g 0 0 2 McGrath, g 0 0 1 Parrish, £ 2 0 0 Wooden, g 110 Burghart, £ 3 0 0 Stewart, g ....:. 2 0 0 Lawson, c 4 2 0 Anderson, f 4 0 0 Totals 26 6 5 Beta Sigma Psi . . . social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers; P. E. Schnedler, president; R. L. Burger, first vice president; E. P. Navta, second vice president; R. P. Gerke, treasurer; P. R. Bussing, recording secretary; A. A. Wiiikler, corresponding secretary;! J. R. Lottes and N. E. Marozick, co-rush chairmen; and H. W. Heard, social chairman.
Bob Igney
his final year in high school, the Riveter star was co-captain of a fighting team that deed out a single point sc^onal tournament victory over a strong Frankfort team Hiat was slated for another State Championship, providing one of the biggest upsets ever staged in the tour-
nament classic.
His first year as a Boilermaker, the slightly built athlete won numerals in both basketball and base/'ball.. In his first year of varsity competition. Bob finished ninth in the Western Conference scoring race, and was chosen on Blaine Patton’s All-Star five. Last year he was again outstanding in both defensive and offensive play. Bob is a member of Gimlet and of Phi Sigma Kappa social fraternity. He plans to coach high school basketball following, his graduation.
a «P“' «o P**’
StfMt tfhm
'.I"Xi: •:rX
i •l'/ X"* V '*'J> " i':^. r ’ r- ^
.V'
'VstX;;li;X:'‘!', '..I,/
^y,
fia^s^ -TloiicaA
Sunday, Decambet 8, 1940
^ukdwL £xpomnL
V
r
ti-'
Riveter Cagers
Outplay Tutors,6541
(Continued from page 1)
the assistance of Neutzel, had the visitors 12 points away. Blankin opened the last section storing with a field goal from under. Sprowl hit one of those lazy, lofts of his from the foul circle, and Neutzel was good on a follow in. Mick Tierney made good on a foul, followed it with a side shot, and passed to two more baskets by Blankin and Sprowl, and the score stood at 42-26 before the customers could catch their breath. Second Half This starting five for the'second half kept things hot, until Lambert, who never seeks to roll up too wide a difference in the score, sent reserves into the fracas, which didn’t seem to stop the Purdue scoring campaign but did provide a leaky enough defense to allow the visitors a decent shot at the hole. The clock showed a 65-35 score with two and a half minutes remaining in the ball game. The student body demanded a score of 60 which was answered by Hoffman who simk the sixty-first point after Red Caress and Sprowl had brought the score board ’round to 69. In the last minute, John Galvin turned two intercepted passes into four more points to make the score look like a w^arni-up encounter final, 6641. Sprowl Leads Purdue Sprowl’s six baskets led-the Purdue offense, with Galvin, Blankin and Blemker close behind with three apiece. E. Willard of the visitors, with five baskets and an alike number of free throws, led the scoring of the evening with 15 points. Bishop, Tutor foi-wai’d, hit six field gloals to vie with Blankin from the field.
The Week’s War (Continued from page 1)
Don’t try to carry everything in your mind; carry it in your pockety in die Robinson Reminder. Ebds memo a separate coupon—tear out when attended to. K^^is live notes only. ^1.00 to ^8.00. Model
aiiowti, $2.50. HAYWOOD’S 5th and Ferry Streets
igsiNtm REMINDER
TIN PAN ALLEY' STARS FEATURED
Tin Pan Alley’s most memorable songs are sung by glamorous stars Alice Faye and Betty Grabl'e! Their grand “sister” act is just part of the spectacular show promised patrons of the Mars Theatre, when “Tin Pan Alley,” 20th Century-Fox’s musical of our exciting times opened Saturday. Jack Oakie and John Payne head a brilliant cast of entertainment-makers.
Classified Ads
Notices
rOB SALE Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable tyiKiwriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. ' Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
Union Women’s Bowling Tournament: Due to late entries, the tournament has been postponed until Tuesday, December 10. Girls wishing WAA points must bowl three games before that date. —STUCKEY.
For Sale: Used car in good running condition. Has heater, well treaded tires, and new battery. Privately owned. $67. Phone 76793.
CE 61: A condition test for the removal of “C” grades in Highway Construction CE 61 will be given at 1 p. m. Saturday, December 14, in room 206 of Civil Building. —PETTY.
FOR REMT For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 2407.
WAA Fencing: All fencers out for prac-i tice Friday, December 6. and Tuesday, December 10. Tournament matches will begin Friday, December 13, at 4 p. m. in Women’s gym. —McFarland, i
iting Germany to obtain from the Nazis a statement of peace aims that will not be too unpalatable to the sui’viving appeasers in Great Britain and can be presented persuasively to the American public. U. S. Must Decide Whatever the terms Hitler may be induced to state for the purpose of influencing public opinion in Britain and the United States, it is practically certain that the lot of Britain under any Hitler dictated peace would be even worse than the lot of France. The lot of the United States would be a sorry one, too, should the British be forced by cesation of American aid and German attacks to accept a dictated peace. It appears, therefore, that the American people must presently decide whether their national interests are going to be best served by continued aid to Great Britain or by permitting a German victory through curtailment or stoppage of that aid. The consequences of that decision, so inadequately outlined in this brief space, will be felt all over the globe and for generations
For Sale: '29 Chevrolet coupe. Good tires, paint. Radio, heater. $35. Call 2009.
Lost: Leather case of keys near Michael Golden Shops. Jack Sells. 45472.
Newman Club: The monthly communion will take place Sunday, December 8. Breakfast will be served after 9:30 mass. AU members are requested to appear since pictures for Debris will be taken. —BENNA.
THRIFTY, TOO
this idea of giving photographs for Christmas. One sitting, enough photographs to take care of all your relatives and friends . . . and there you are. Nothing left but the wrapping.
PHONE 2343
SCOBEE'S STUDIO
105 N'western
• For Your Xmas Shopping • Coty sets • Palmolive shave sets • Famous candies . . . Martha Washington, Schraffts Free Parking in Rear Free Delivery
OmVEIISIlll DRtC UmiE
Next to Post Office N. J. Arth, ’37 D. N. HanseU, ’37
Send your Laundry to the American . .
Phone
Vl/hy add to MOTHER'S BURDENS?? Give her time to Plan for CHRISTMAS! 10% Discount on laundry left at our West Side office.
American
i 132 WORTHWE8TERW AYE.
Aeromoddem: No meeting Friday, Hecember 6. R.O.G. contest Sunday afternoon, December 8, in the FlCldhouse. Anyone interested in giving a 16 minute talk on model airplanes should get in touch with Obarski. —OBARSKI.
' Indiana Student Health Association: The tenth annual meeting will be held December 14 at Indiana university in the Union Building. Luncheon reservations may be made before the 10th by calling Ruth C. Irvin, phone 8001. —IRVIN.
Co-ed Rifleryt No shooting Monday, December 9 or Wednesday, December 11. Shooting Tuesday and Thursday as usual. Each co-ed is to have 5 practices by Thursday, December 12, for intramural competition. —BLAGRAVE.
Purdue Outing Club: There will be an ice skating party Sunday, December 8, weather permitting. The party will leave the west entrance of the Union at 4 p. m. A picnic lunch' will be served at the cabin after the outing. For reservations call Ted Parker, 36462, or Marjorie Ward, 41111 before Saturday noon. —WARD.
Kappa Delta Pi-Delta Rho Kappa: Joint meeting Tuesday, December 10, at 7:30 p. m. in the west faculty lounge. A talk by U Stewart will be followed by an informal social sin^ and grab bag exchange. Members and their guests are invited. All must bring a wrapped ten cent gift. —NORQUEST.
Cadet Luncheon Committee: There will be a meeting at 4 p. m. Tuesday, Dec. 10, in the Armory. —MEESE.
Scriveners: Important meeting Sunday, December 8, at 7:30 p. m. in room 261 of the Union. Guest coming. —RIEGLE.
Activities Bureau Sophomores: There will be an important meeting of all sophomores on my committee on Monday afternoon at 4:30 in the Bureau office. —WALLEY.
Students from Pittsburgh and Vicinity: If there are enough of us we will hold a dance at the Chatterbox in the William Penn Hotel, Thursday, December 26, from 9 p. m. to 2 a. m. Cost per couple is $2.20, which will include cover charge and dinner, according to Louis Berti, maitre d’Hotel of the Penn. If you are interested, please call Jack Wunderley, 61153, or Bill Delmer, 2437. (12-17) —DELMER.
SAE: Meeting in room 212 of the Union on Tuesday, December 10, at 7 :30 p. m. F. H. Boor of Fairchild Mfg, Co. will speak on Gear Design. All students interested are invited. —WIST.
Sigma Delta Chi: Meeting Sunday, December 8, at 2 p. m. in the Exponent office. Bring ideas for the Rassel Exposer. Must get copy by Sunday night. All report. A few details to decide about the dance. —McKEE.
AS SEEN IN
A PAJAMA with "oomphi" The torso'following lines do grand things for your figure and the colors flatter you too. Artemis rayon crepe In Dusty, Aquo, or^ Blue-Belle Blue with contrast pipings and buttons.
SIZES 32 to 40. $|,98
Lingerie Shop Street Floor
Hillel Foandation: Meeting this Sunday afternoon in Boom 304 in the Union’ building at 4:00 p. m. Ernest Cortissoz will speak on "Latin America." There will also be a short business meeting. —KATZENBERG.
her 10, at 7:80 p. m. a meeting- tor the actives will be held in room 804 of the Union. Plans for rough initiation will be completed. —^MEESE.
PIA Dance Classes: At the next lesson on Tuesday, December 10, at 7:30 p. m. bring dates, if possible. HUMPHREY.
Skull and Crescent: On Thursday, December 12, at 7:30 p. m. the monthly reunion' will be held in room 806 of the Union. —LANIUS.
PIA Board: There will be a regular meeting Monday, December 9, at 4:80 p. m. in the PIA office. —MUSSER.
Scabbard and Blade: On Tuesday, Decenii-
Agricnlture Education Society: Important meeting will be held ’Tueeday. December 10, at 7:80 p. m. in the Union. George E. Davis, head of Teacher Placement Bureau, will speak. ’There will also be a nope* ination of officers and discussion of /the constitution revision. —CROOKS,
/ the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• School Supplies
o Professional
DEACS Everything for a College Education
Risk Dental Clinic OR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK ^th & Hein St. Phone 5701
CHRISTMAS CARDS Exclusive Lines SOUTHWbRTH'S
• Hardware
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Better Mdse.—Lower Prices If It's Hardware We Heve it Phone 4354 We Deliver
University Book Storo Across form the Union Next to the College Irui M. C. "Red" Sammons '29 R. W. "Doc" Epple '40
• Photographers
Cameras and Supplies Picture Framing HINEA PHOTOGRAPHER 634 Main St. Phone 7775
• Dairy Products
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
• Locksmith
• Shoe Repair
KEYS and LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, dask locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a spocialty. BIc^os, at;cossorios and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-n nm«M28
BOSSUNG SHOE REBUILDING Phone 2240 221 State
FOR THE LATEST NEWS BREAES . . . FOR NEWS PICTURES FIRST
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
THE ONLY NEWSPAPER IN THIS TERRITORY BRINGING TO YOU EXCLUSIVE REPORTS FROM THE CHICAGO DAILY NEWS FOiffilGN SERVICE
(F
’Is
'K.'