I «
Pur due ^ Exponent *rvn ^
Volume 5L No. 81
Sunday. DecembW 17. 1939
A Week Of War Campus Jmns Xmas Teslivity
Bf J. H. McKee • Eyes Of The World Are Focused Today ... on Montivideo harbor, where the German pocket battleship Graf Spee lies at anchor, with orders to clear the harbor by five o’clock this afternoon. The ship took port following a running battle. Which lasted more than 14 hours, said to be the greatest naval battle of the war. The battle took place deep within the American neutral zone. Opposing the Graf Spee were three British cruisers, the Ajax, Achilles, and Exeter. During the 14 hour battle the
Exeter, largest British ship in the engagement, was put out of action, but the two remaining sent the Graf Spee (originally thought to be the Admiral Sheer, the second of three German ships of this size that have been creating havoc with neutral shipping) into Montivideo harbor to bury her dead, 36, and to make re-
. pairs.
Time Extension The British admiralty demanded that the ship be cleared within the 24 hour limit extended belligerents / in a neutral port, but because of the extent of her injuries the Graf Spee was given a 72 hour time extension. Dispatches quoting a Rome radio report stated that the Admiral Sheer, escorted by Nazi submarines, was hastening to the Uruguayan harbor to assist her sister ship in its dash*for freedom. Allied naval reinforcements are said to be just outside the harbor awaiting the break. • A Possible Second . . . battle of Jutland appeared in the offing as German naval vessels were reported gathering near the site of "the famous World War encounter. The report was made by British airmen, returning from air raids on German naval bases. The German ships were evidently trying { to keep secret the fact that they j f were abroad, for six squadrons of I German planes attempted to drive I off the British craft. ! In the air battle that followed, in j which the ships took part, the Brit- * ish air ministry reported four German planes and three British planes shot down, (The German dispatch ^ on the same engagement stated that 10 of 20 British planes were shot down. It admitted the loss of but one plane.) The action took place on the /( north Gei man coast. • Humor And Human . . . interest was brought into the wai pictuie Fiiday when a dispatch f 1 om Moscow reported that a Soviet plane cai rying an expectant mother to medical aid demanded that the plane be grounded. The plane was brought down in the midst of a forest Two babies were bom. Soon aftei the takeoff the mother of twins demanded a second lahding. Shortly a third baby was delivered. The'triplets were clothed with the gaiments of the pilots, and the flight was resumed\ Triplets and the mother weie reported thriving. • Russia Refused ... to comply with the demand of the League of Nations to allow the League to act as intermediary in the Russo-Finnish war Thursday, and by a unanimous vote she was expelled from the League because of her invasion of Finland. China, Yugoslovia, Greece, and Finland refused to vote. This was the first time a nation has been expelled from the
League.
The League called on its members to aid Finland, and approved an invitation asking the United States to aid the attacked republic. Credit for arms and ammunition was to be handled by the League offices in London and Paiis, • After Three Months ... on the high seas, the $20,000,000 luxury liner Bremen sneaked past the British blockade of German ports and docked Wednesday is her Bremerhaven berth. In the three months at sea the ship has been the rabbit in a chase by tne British navy. Commodore Adolf Ahrens, who cleaied the ship from New York just 36 hours before Germany invaded Poland, piloted the ship from Murmansk, Russia, where the ship was first taken. According to the British announcement of the safe arrival, a British submarine sighted the ship.
but conforming with the “rules of sea warfare refrained from attacking without warning.” A German communique stated that the Bremen was escorted into Bremerhaven by airplanes that sighted the sub, but drove it off, making attack impossible. • Finland Employed . . . ski-infantry Tuesday in attacks against Russian troops, wiping out three companies with rapid machine-gun blasts. Ski-mounted infantry, wearing white sheets over heavy clothing, glided down wooded hills unnoticed by the approaching Reds. As quickly as they struck, the skiers were lost in the snow covered hills. The war on land advantage changed hands almost daily, with Finns reportedly carrsring the fight into Soviet territory Wednesday, into Soviet territory Hednesday. Friday the Finns were reported to have stopped the Russian advance after eight days of fighting. The Mannerheim Line seemed saved for the moment. In the north the Soviets were conceeded small gains, but the attempt to cut Finland in two at the Isthmus were thwarted. Estimates ot Finnish and Russian casualties showed that the Reds were losing six to eight men for every Finn. The Russians claimed that three-fourths of the fatalities were results of cold and exhaustion. • Italy Rejected .., the role of peace-maker in the European situation yesterday. In a speech to the chamber of corporations Foreign Minister Count Ciano r eaffirmed Italy’s ties with Germany, but pledged to retain her neutral position. Ciano also denied rumoi s that Italy would foster a Balkan bloc to oppose Soviet progress toward the west. Squad To Demonstrate Basketball Rules Fbi' WAA Basketball rules and techjiiques will be described by Coach Ward Lambert at the WAA meeting which will be held in the Women’s Gym tomoirow at 4 o’clock. Assisting Lambert with actual demonstrations of plays will be members of the freshman and varsity basketball squads. An exhibition game of badminton will be played by Jane Fishleigh, Louise Thomas, Martha Schroeder, and Georgia Walker. Included on the program will be a fencing demonstration by Jean Jones and Patsy McFarland.
Caroling Will Mark Opening Of Campus Yule Season Tonight Christmas caroling will mark the opening of the Yule season for University students tonight at 9:30 at the annual public carol sing in front of the Memorial Union. The University men’s glee club, conducted by A. P. Stewart, will sing from the Union balcony off the ' faculty lounge. Loudspeakers ^will carry the voices of the glee club, which will act as a nucleous'unit for the singing. After the carol singing, all students will be served free doughnuts and coffee in the Union cafeteria. The annual sing is sponsored by the Student Union and is under the direction of Lawrence Brodd and Ruth M. Bennett. Meridians To Play Between Halves Of California Tilt As an added feature of the Pur-due-Southern California intersectional basketball classic on Wednesday night, the Meridian A. C. Juniors will provide entertainment between halves and after the game with a battle between two picked midget quintets. The youngsters will play two ten minute halves, the first in the interim between the collegiate struggle, and the second immediately following the game. 207 Couples . . . attended the regular Union mixer last night in the ballroom. Don Phillip’s orchestra played.
Griswood Steals Aquacade Show; Kiefer Sets Record From the ridiculous to the sublime went the performance of the third annual Aquacade Varieties sponsored by the Dolphin and Triton Clubs of the University, held last night in the new ■ pool of the Pieldhouse.
Delta Gamma Pledges Pedalion Members Delta Gamma Colony announces the pledging of the following girls: Carolyn Ashbaugh, Pontiac, Michigan; Iris Baumgartner, Attica; Bernice Beisel, W. Lafayette; Jean Buckman,^Western Springs; Margaret Chenoweth, W. Lafayette; Virginia Creson, W. Lafayette; Joyce Davison, Alexandria, Ohio; Annette Dawson, Newman, Illinois; Nina De Witte, Windfall; Illeen De Vault, Chalmers; Marjorie Ging, Rushville; Betty Hanna, Roachdale. Ann Henderson, Hebron; Erma Irwin, Tipton; Marian Johnson, Orleans; Virginia Keller, Anderson; Louise Krugh, Evansville; Peggy McMath, Sheridan; Mary Jean Sefton, Indianapolis; Jean Shake, Elkhart; Margaret Shick, LaPorte; Betty Jane Smith, Ft. Clinton, 0.; Nina Smitt, Gary; Marie Spicher, Downer’s Grove, Illinois; Annabel Teeter, Mqnticello; Phyllis Umfreys, Muncie; Pat Wolcott, Rolling Prairie. Assisting at the services yesterday afternoon were active members from Delta Gamma chapters at Indiana and Butler universities, and local alumnae. The pledging ceremony was followed by a formal dinner in the chapter house. After the dinner, the formal Christmas dance was held in Duncan Hall.
Students Unswayed By European Crisis Depite General Change In Public Opinion
By Joe Beldon, Editor Student Opinion Surveys of America Although a good majority of American college students continue their approval of Franklin D. Roosevelt as president, campus opinion has not kept pace with the increasing support that the U. S. voter has been giving the chief executive since the European war broke out. A coast-to-coast referendum of collegians taken by the Student Opinion Suiveys of America shows that more than three out of every five “generally appi ove of Roosevelt today as president.” This is only nine-tenths of one percent less than the vote of approval students gave Roosevelt a year ago this month, according to the continuous index of his popularity that the Surveys has kept. It is clearly shown that the moving world and national events of re-
cent months have not influenced student opinion as much as national public opinion, which since the start of the war has far outstripped the collegians in approval of the president. Thus, while last December there was a greater percentage of students in favor of Roosevelt than there was of voters, events since then have caused the rank and file to’•change its attitudes, while student approval is in almo^ a straight line, and even slightly less than a year ago. No Third Term This poll taken by the Student Opinion Surveys, however, is not an indication that collegians want Roosevelt for a third term. Twice the Surveys has polled the students on this particular issue, each time finding less than one-third approving of his possible candidacy in 1940.
From a Boilermaker viewpoint, the performance of Miss Barbara Cook, senior from Indianapolis, was the highlight. Miss Cook displayed perfect form and precision in demonstrating the dives of the scheduled Olympics (that didn’t materialize due to a little difficulty across the sea). Silly—And How! In the ridiculous side of the picture, Larry Griswood stole the entire show, and rather seriously at that. He entered the pool during the initial events as a common spectator with the camera hobby. As the show wore on into the evening, Griswold maneuvered himself closer and closer to the water’s edge taking several pictures of the victorious swimmers. But his actions soon became those of a person who had participated in too many spirits of one or another. Fooled Crowd His performance reached a climax when he tried to (apparently) photo Miss Cook in her execution of a few dives. Coach Papenguth endeavored to remove the “drunk” via the persuasive method which developed into a heated argument, carrying the majority of the spectators into it, and at last ending in the water with Papenguth and Larry fully clothed. Coach Papenguth, now apparently beyond control ran Larry up on the high dive and from here on the former New York World’s Pair comedian had the crowd rolling in the aisles. Record Demolished Another feature of the evening was the setting of a new world’s record by Adolph Kiefer in the 100 yard back stroke at 1:06.2 as compared with the previously existing record of 1:08.2. Union Will Sponsor Charity Tea Dance student Union will sponsor a tea dance Tuesday from 4 to 5:30 p. m. The admission price will be nonperishable foodstuffs or toys. Harry McCrady’s campus orchestra will provide the downbeat for the affair. All foodstuffs and toys collected from dancers will be given to the local Red Cross organization for distribution as they see Hit. PI A Dance Class . . . will hold a party in the women’s gymnasium at 7 p. m. tomorrow evening. The class has been conducted by Miss Helen Knight for the past ten weeks.
Survey Shows Increase In Freshman Ability
The apparent paradox of a marked increase the ability and quality of engineering freshman material over a ten year period and a like increase in the percentage of freshman failures, over the same period, in University courses is revealed in a survey completed recently by Dr. H. H. Remmers, of the educational reference department. The entire freshman class in engineering that entered in the fall of 1939 was given a series of tests during the first part of November. The tests were exact duplicates, with the exception of the English examination, of those given the freshman classes in 1919 and 1929.
Settle Arguments
In 1919 the series of tests, which includes the subjects of arithmetic, algebra, geometry, physics, technical information, and English, were given in technical schools over the country, but in the subsequent two decade intervals, the tests were re-
The following is a percentage comparison of differences of 1929 and 1939 over 1919: Tech. Arithmetic Algebra Geometry Physics Infor.* 1929 10 % 67.9% 11.5% 9.2% 0% 1939 11.6% 57.2% 10.2% 24.5% -3.3% * A factor in the negative differences under “technical information” may be the fact that much of the technical information test given in 1919 is obsolete today.
peated only at Purdue. The objective was that the conclusions drawn from the identical tests given over ten year periods would settle the arguments and the dogmatic statements of educators as to the change of quality of freshman material. The results obtained from the tests given the engineering freshmen this year enables a comparison to be drawn between three classes each at ten year intervals. A general summary reveals the following: 1. The quality )evel of freshmen in all subjects tested reveals a definite rise between the class of 1919
and 1929 and between the classes of 1919 and 1939. 2. With the exception of the physics tests, the differences between the 1929 and 1939 claves are practically negligible. (The slight fall in the average of mathematics grades can be attributed to a higher standard of grading of tests by the mathematics department in 1939.) 8. Because of the evident increase in excellence of students in the two decade from 1919 until 1939, the great increase in the percentage of failures may be attributed to an increase in University standards.
According to Dr. Remmers’ published survey after the 1929 tests (Purdue University Bulletin, Studies in Higher Education XIII: Preparation of Freshmen Then and Now), “There has been much debate and considerable dogmatization concerning the change in the quality of college freshmen over a period of years. Since enrollments have been increasing, the general assumption has been that college were obtaining poorer material.” These tests seem to indicate conclusively that this assumption is not true. English examinations were given this year as in 1919 and 1929, but because the original test was out of print and a different test had to be given the results of the three periods cannot be compared. The comparative number of freshman engineers taking the tests were: 1919, 670; 1929,896; and 1939, 1122.
Stewart Will Direct Combined Choirs At Christmas Convo The second annual pre-Christmas Convocation for Worship will feature the cantata, “The Story of Christmas,” by Alexander Matthews, sung by the combined University and concert choirs in two performances at 4:30 and 8 p. m. today in Eliza Fowler Hall. The 225 voice combined choirs, under the direction of A. P. Stewart, will be accompanied by Jeanne Miller,^harpist; Rosemary Robinson, at the celesta; and Albert P. Schnaible, organist. Male and female voices in the University choir will be seated separately in the two sections of the stage. Concert Choir The Concert Choir of 24 voices will be kneeling behind a white altar on the stage in front of which will be a row of candles and a gold cross. At the rear of the stage will be manger and figures of Joseph and Mary, the Magi, and four shepherds. The cantata is presented in four parts, the prophecy, the vision of the shepherds, the quest of the Magi, and the fulfillment of the prophecy. Individual solos will be presented by Alberta Schmadel, Marjorie Williamson, Elmer Carlquist, Marvin Smith, Robert Stanley, Harold Schulte, and Mary Johnson. Preceding the choir presentation of the cantata, an audience Christmas carol sing will be directed by A. P. Stewart. Accompaniment will be by Albert Schnaible at the organ, and a string quartet composed of Vernon Westburg, David Schaffer, Gene Kinelski, and Edward Eggebrecht. Health Association Selects Officers The University’s student health program and its organization was outlined at the concluding meeting of the Indiana Student Health Association on the campus yesterday. A series of addresses were given by University staff members associated with various phases of student health. The following officers of the association were elected for the coming year: president, H. G. Nester, Butler university; vice-president, Edith Schuman, Indiana university; secre-tary-treasurer, Ruth Iryin, Purdue. John Schnell, Notre Dame university, and Naomi Mullendore, Franklin college, were elected to the executive committee for a term of two years. CE Professor Completes Tension Tests On Soils Comprehensive research field tests to determine the value of soil tension in the use of different t3rpes of anchor supports for outdoor advertising signs were completed recently on the University campus under the direction of Prof. P. C. Rutledge, of the school of civil engineering. Eighty-two anchors, including wood, steel, concrete, and auger type have been sunk in the ground in test plots near the campus at places where different types of soil, clay, sand, and silt loam exist. With various recording instruments, Rutledge and Karl Ghaster, Jr., of Chicago, a member of the engineering department of the Outdoor Advertising Association, have measured the various stresses each type of anchor will stand in relation to the tjpe of soil in which it fs implanted.
Dr. C. Lanaos
... of the mathematics department will give a lecture on “Relativity” tomorrow night at 7:80 p. m. in the Physics building lecture hall. His discussion will/take the popular foim from the student viewpoint.^ /s’-" ‘
^ f*7t\ -fffi , ■'01 ■■'
J 4Vv %
.StviS
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sundoy, December 17* 1939
But Incidentally— By Vladimir Ever since the sui’veying instructor caught us sitting on a curb near Cary Hall figuring backward from the benchniaik to our position (just to make sure we hit it on the head the first time around) we’ve thought a lot about writing a dissertation or thesis or book or pamphlet on “Why Engineers Are More Accurate Than Anyone,” or “Pencil Engineering—^How It’s Done Today.” ♦ * * Accoiding to the Aei onauticals, there’s nothing like the good old “Jumble Factor” to make things appear what they really should be . . . * ♦ * In our freshman year, the upperclassmen used to kid us about adding in our seat number, telephone number, age, the square root of three, or pi over four, when things didn’t work out right . . . * * * Then we took Electrical Design . . . ‘ * !> >> They would have us call such juggling of figures the process of “judicial guessing” .. Hope they do likewise when it comes to gi’ading the final. . . ♦ ♦ • There are many names connected with this hodgepodge process' of guessing . . . some instrurtors have up their sleeves such God-sends as a “Coefficient of Monkey Business,” or a “Jumble Factor,” or even some are like to call it the “Hooligan Factor.” * * >|c Personally, we’ll stick to copying off of the guy next to ns ... he at least thinks he knows what he is doing. 4< Id Our $11.50 radio just informed us that 3,000 of its brethren are on their way to the Maginot Line for the use of the Frenchies in the trenchies ... Could we presume that they will probably next be imjiorting 3,000 cuties to go with the 3,000 music boxes? . . . * * * Personally, we think those little bomb-pioof cellars with the round domes would be rather cozy under these circumstances . . . Sure is an improvement over the last war . . . * * * Looks like another Nazi trick . . .
Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafapette, Indiana, under the act of Congrew of Marsh 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1106, act of October 8, lOlT, authorized Jann* ary 20, 1932. Published daily except Monday during Uie regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by earrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60.
Editorial Board
R. E. Insley . W. E. Smith. D. G. Terrio . .. G. W. Frederick E. M. Antonin] G. Schilling R. Jenkins
Editorial R. F. DeHoog R. W. Donahue D. K. Heiple J. H. McKee M. L.Mlen J. C. Wlllsegr D. J.
Bdltor-ia-Ohlef .. Business Manager . Editorial Director — Managing Editor ^Senior Advertising Manager > _ .« . Oo-ed ESdttor Bporta Editor
Junior Staff ■Bnslness R. Fisher R.HaU A. Hite M. Hagemeyer T. Petty G. Cooc, See.
Sports J. P. Dolan S. D. Marqnls M. M. Richards M.B^^eId O. OarroU B. Simpson
Henninger, Art Director
Editoriai 4005
EHONES Sports 2792
Business 5038
REPRESENTBD FOR NATIONAL AOVERTISINQ BY National Advertising Service, Inc. Colkge Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave New York N. Y. CHICASO ■ BOSTON • LOS ANGELES ■ SAN FRANCISCO This newspaper it written, edited and pnbilshed by undergraduate students of Purdue Universito. All opinions in it, unless otherwise acoredited, are student (pinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director.
Night Editor—Heiple Issue Editor—^Mueller Sunday, December 17, 1939
We expect Anthony Eden to pop up over on the Maginot Line some night soon in white tie and tails to help the Frenchies celebrate the birthday of their 3,000 radios. * * * We have had a feeling for a long time that this mixing extra-curricular activities and school work would backfire on us . . . m -F * Well, it’s happened . . . We read a headline in the Electrical World which stated sardonically: “Out-of-step Blocking and Selective Tripping with Impedance Relays.” Someday the editor will learn not to hire footballengineers.
£diiL By Hank Miller ^ Exponent Radio Editor
Probably one of the best and most oiigmal pieces of work that has appeared on Campus Varieties made its appearance on the show yesterday. Russ Mock and Bob Fitzgerald took the Varieties audiences on a musical tour, following Santa Claus on his rounds. They played the tune Jingle Bells in the mood characteristic of the countries they visited which included Russia, Spain, Scotland, Africa, China, and several other places. Here’s hoping that we have more work like that. Louise Edwards tells us that she will interview Wee Bonnie Baker on her College Circuit program today at 12:15 over WFBM which is on 1230 kc. Besides the interview, she will have news of the various colleges and universities around the state. —e-e— Luncheon Dance Time tomorrow will feature a transcription made Friday evening by Joe Cappo and his orchestra as they played for the P.I.A. formal in the Union ballroom. Last week, Edgar Bergen and Charlie McCarthy broadcast from
Bergen’s hospital room amid many thrilled nurses and doctors, but today he is expected to be back at the studio with the rest of the gang for the Chase and Sanborn hour which will be heard this evening at 7 p. m. over WMAQ. Also back on the show after a prolonged absence will be Don Ameche and Dorothy Lamour. Donald Dickson, who was absent last week because of a concert tour, will make the gathering complete except for the guest of the evening, Geraldine Fitzgerald, who will be heard with Ameche in a one-act play. A new program starts over WBBM today called “Meet the Band” and it airs from 12:30 till 1:00. Taking the seat of honor on the first show is Lou Breeze and his oichestra. —e-e— Here are the dramas scheduled to be etheiized tonight on CBS through WBBM. At 5:30, Mary Boland will guest on the Gateway to Hollywood program which features an original drama wgpitten for talent guest finalists who are after a motion picture contract. At 9 p. m., Orson Welles will have
LU^
as his guest the blond screen celebrity, Marie Wilson. The play is “There’s Always a Woman.” —e-e— Tomorrow night at 8:30 on WMAQ, Alec Templeton Time will present Connie Boswell as guest artist. She will sing “At Least You Could Say Hello,” and “Goodie Goodbye ” Other featured songs for the show are “Chloe” and “Strike Up the Band.” 0-Q 73 for today ... 4 inoie days until vacation.
Defeating
... North hall in competition last Friday by a score of 51-25,' WRH West emerged victors in the intramural volleyball tournament. Members of the winning team are: Metger, Hawkins, Stevens, McFarland, Thomas, Clymer, and Spicher. Class volleyball will begin after Christmas vacation.
NOW PLAYING
TODAY - MONDAY
SONJA TYRONE HENIEPOWER SecondFiddle
.~-AND>
amtTARZAN.Jr. — ALSO — 'MICKEY MOUSE"
Bull Session
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Editor’s Note: Letters published in this column are the opinion of the person submittinir them and do not necessarily represent the policy of the Exponent. Students submitting: letters should sign their names but the^ will not be printed if they so desire. Letters may be turned in at the Exponent box at the west Union desk. Dear Bull: All we ask is a fighting chance. One of my pet gripes is a test given at the first of an hour with no time specification. Usually tests are given (or thrown) at the end of a period and we students know that we have until the end of the period to work the problems. But When a test starts at the beginning of a period, we students are very likely to assume that we have the entire period to work it in. We start out doing very careful work, check each part carefully before proceeding. We start out carefully get about two equations down and checked carefully and the period is up. All we ask is a fighting chance. Give us a test and a time limit— that is all we ask. We can work the problems rapidly and with less accuracy if that is, what you want— or carefully with more time. But don’t spring a quiz and make us guess—^we are potential engineers who assume things and don’t like to guess. R. P. D.
December 16,1939 Dear Bull: May I join the session? I would like to echo the sentiments of the M. E. 61 student who wrote you the other day, and also many others in the same course and its brother course M. E. 63. However, I do not want to stop with merely inquiring as to the cause of the mass failures, I want to advance several possible reasons. First of all, as has been said there are too many students in each class for each one to learn the work completely. Secondly, the mechanical school realizes that the amount of work to be covered is far too much for two semesters and is therefore changing the course to one of three semesters. Now, with these two facts as a basis for discussion let us hash over them. It is a well known fact that as the size of a class increases the amount of attention and help the instructor can give each student decreases proportionately. Therefore, it is quite evident that the students in this present course must get most of the text of the subject from books. Yet the heads of the school realize the folly of trying to cover satisfactolily all the material in two semes(Continued on page 4)
Where do you think you’re going, to a fire ?”
of them. We are just as good as they, I think, and I never could get used to politicians. —Griped Junior. —B&B— Gripe No. 2 is short and sweet, but to the point. Dear B&B: Why in the h don’t they cover up those ugly wooden stands that hold the Christmas trees in the Union Cafeteria? —Darn It! —B&B— The snoop for this column hasn’t been on the ball. It has been called to our attention that June Ann Glasgow, frosh, has had Carl Lutz’s Cary Club pin since the Indiana-Purdue football game. (After finding this out, we were going to save the contrib till next year—it might have been more appropriate.) —B&B— Short story: Two ink drops were crying They were crying because of momma. Momma was a very bad momma. She was in the pen.
When not on the basketball floor, “Red” Caress, soph hardwood flash, spends his time on the Union sofas, coasting along with some not yet publicized co-ed—^who, by the way, is very cute. No one knows her name, but Red sho’ can pick ’em. —B&B— Hickory, Dickory, Dock. The mouse ran up the clock. The clock struck. Union trouble! —B&B— This column of “honest opinion” has received some gripe letters, a few of which we will print. The first one is a crack at the Prom committee (will it never end ?). Dear B&B: We students voted for the Prom committee. It was because of us that the Progressives won. Now that they’re in, they are working for us and there is no reason for them to act snooty on the campus. If some of the juniors would come down to earth Fm sure we would think more
Iraki
Starts TODAY — DOUBLE FEATURE —
Tv.
What decent man would / have her now? ^
The unfathomed depths of a love- ^ starved heart laid bare . . made unforgettable by Bette’s fiery genius! > ^ n'C ^ a . ■/ tlRH# " BETTE MIRIAM DAVIS HOPKINS C<h$tarrmg in the Fuiurizauon of the PtUuser Frtse^mnnmg Play ]heOidMaid ivitii GEORGE BRENT
PLUS
PAT IS RAISING THE DEVIL AND THE HONEYMOON IS OVER! These Headline Hunters Battle it Out Over a Crime School Kid! ^ . * OFF THE RECORD with Pat O'Brien — Joan Blondell Bobby (Dead End) Jordan
STARTS TODAY THE YEAR'S GAYEST MATRIMONIAL MIX-UP
Xiowti. I BTAimiNO P lORiTTA DAVID YOUNG • NIVEN HUGH HERBERT. BILLIE BURKE C. AUBRftSMIlH • BRODEIilCK CRAWFORD ZASU nni . VIROINIA FIELD RAYMOND WALBURNt
I *
'■m
Sunday, December 17, 1939
pYhanont. RhtihiA. fiaoiL
Fielder’s Choice
by Robert J. Deckard
“It isn’t fair that Indiana and Purdue should have to play so many games away from home, William P. Fox, Jr., sports editor of the Indianapolis News, commented recently upon the question of home football games for Indiana University. —*fc— “It isn’t fair to coaches, players, or students,” Pox continued. “The home gridiron is worth something, and if you don’t think ,so look up the records of Big Ten games won and lost for the last 10 years and you’ll see that football’s good fortune belongs to the home teams most of the time.” —fc—
The question of home football games for any school is not a new topic of conversation. In fact, the subject has been discussed at great length. Undoubtedly, there is some advantage in playing before home crowds, as Fox intimates. —^fc— A deadening effect upon the players is the result of much traveling, going from one corner of the conference to another, and occasionally slipping in an intersectional game. The team cannot be expected to play good feall every week-end when it moves incessantly to other centers of football from its own grounds.
Scholarship is partially overlooked in the present system. Fox estimated this fall the Cream and Crimson gridiron contingent missed one-seventeenth of its first-semes-ter classes because of football trips. —^fc— This handicap is not overcome when one considers the fact that between these trips the players have to turn in long and hard hours of practice four or five days a week. And after all, some football players do attend classes occasionally. —^fc— For a long time we have heard
Cries of admiration from all the charming, discriminating women on your list will greet this beautiful Yardley Gift Set! English Lavender, Face Powder, Talcum Powder and Lav ender Soap. The Set « , ,
the old story that a university or college that is situated in a location where large crowds do not or cannot attend will not have sufficient funds to run its athletic program. —^fc— It seems that in many college setups that receipts at the football gate carry the entire program oyer the year without it going into the “red.” Basketball barely covers expenses, but baseball, wrestling, tennis, golf, and other minor sports expend more money than they take in. Football covers up these so-called “losses,” and keeps the program running along safely. —^fc— If a college is situated in a poor “football location,” the advisable thing for it to do is play games in other fields where the cut in the -payoff is moreTucrative. —^fe— The editor of the Indiana Alumni Magazine proposes a plan that may be just the thing for making money, yet at the same time allowing more home games. “Recently the Big Ten adopted a rotating schedule plan for basketball and baseball under which each team in the conference played every other team in the league at least once during the season,” the editor wrote. —^fc— “Three games were assigned on a home-and-home arrangement, and i single games with the other six teams were scheduled, three at home and three on the road. Under this
plan each conference teams plays six home games and six away. —fc— “Of coutse, this plan could tiot be carried over into football without modification, but why can’t this same principle of rotating schedules be applied to football? “In each case, each conference team would play one game with a certain opponent at home and the next on theTFoad. H all conference teams played six Big Ten games each fall—^three at home and three away—the system would work out so that students on any campus would see every other Big Ten team play in their stadium at least once in four yeais.” —^fc— The football scKedules for Big Ten teams having been made for the 1942 season, little can be done in correcting the unfairness of the present arrangement until the 1943 season. Nevertheless, a word here and a word there might help to put in a policy in the conference that would remedy a bad situation. Perhaps the plan ontlined here might not be acceptable, but something should be done unless the Big Ten is willing to admit that President Hutchins is right and that gate receipts do dominate the policy of the conference. After all, football is a sport. Let’s keep it so!
The tiniest tube in the world is made of nickel, it is .0026 of an inch in diameter with a .0007 of an inch bore.
PURDUE SPECIALS
to NEW YORK
CHICAGO - CLEVELAND - BUFFALO - ALBANY - BOSTON
Travel in Student Croups: Reduced Rates. Airconditioned Comfort. De Luxe Reclining Chair Cars. Reasonable Lunches, Sandwiches, etc. Lv. Lafayette December 20th 5:30 p.m. Ar. CHICAGO December 20th 8:00 p.m. Lv. Lafayette December 20th 5:30 p.m. Ar. CLEVELAND December 2l8t 1:00 a.m. Ar. BUFFALO December 21st 4:30 a.m. Ar. NEW YORK December 21st 12:15 p.m. Return Service, Leave New York 11:40 p.m., ET, Tuesday; Leave Boston 8:10 p.m., ET, Jan. 2nd; Leave Buffalo 8:25 a.m. ET, Jan 3rd; Leave Cleveland 12:25 p.m. ET, Jan. 3rd; Arrive Lafayette 6:00 p.m., C.T., Jan. 3rd.
Purchase tickets in the STUDENT SENATE OFFICE, Room “A”, UNION BUILDING, during the following office hours:— December 11th to 15th Inclusive 4:00 p.m. to 5:45 p.m. December 16th 1:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m. December 18th and 19th 4:00 p.m. to 5:45 p.m. December 18th and 19th 7:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m. December 20th 4:00 p.m. to train departure
HERBERT FISHBURN /> President, Student Senate Phone 4005
NEW YORK CENTRAL SYSTEM
U. S. Govt. Graded Beef FRESH ^aJdon, C^uiA. meats
Compare your present canned good prices with our summer purchased BIRDSEYE prices on the following Fruits and Vegetables
PEAS ASPAl^GUS CORN LIMA BEANS
BROGCOU CAULIFLOWER SPINACH SQUASH
PEACHES STRAWBERRIES BLUEBERRIES RASPBERRIES
FROZEN BIRDSEYE VEGETABLES
LAFAYEHE FOOD LOCKERS
5355
PHONES - 2971
Boilermaker Gridders Choose
All-Opponent Honor Eleven
By the Sports Staff After taking a look at the numerous all-opponent teams sent out by the various teams in the country, especially the Santa Clara, Notre Dame, and Western Conference schools, we decided to take a poll of the members of the Purdue football team who saw most of the action during the season'just completed and see what their reactions were as to whom was the most difficult to take out of a play, the deadliest tackier, the hardest driver, the best passer, the deadliest blocker, the most aggressive lineman,
etc., etc., etc.
Unanimously chosen to fill the fullback jpost was Don Clawson, Northwestern’s great sophomore fullback who ripped the Purdue line to threads in the Wildcat-Purdue encounter. Surprising indeed is the manner in which the Boilermakers regard Kinnick, Iowa’s supposingly remarkable back. The Purdue gridders thought enough of Nile to place him on their all-opponent team, but consider him next to Clawson, of the Purple, and Paskvan, of Wisconsin, who is placed on the honor team at halfback position, although he played fullback for the Badgers. Freddie Montague, Purdue’s quarterback after Ted Hennis had been shelved, considered the Iowa field general, Couppee, the smartest and roughest that the Boilermakers contacted. Couppee, if lacking any ingredients that makes a dreaded football player, didn’t show it at the Ross-Ade stadium during the Iowa-
Gold and Black fracas.
Purdue Will Face Five Holiday Foes
Schichl By A Shade When querried as to whom was the most troublesome lineman encountered by the Boilermakers, first votes went to Haman, Northwestern’s great defensive center and Schichl the all-American center of Santa Clara, with Schichl getting one more vote than his eastern rival. A1 Rossi, one of Puirdue’s left tackles, states that the play of Iowa’s right guard, Luebcke, was aggressive. Lou Brock says that Hal Method, Northwestern’s left guard, is good enough to make anyone’s all-opponent eleven. But probably the most bothersome guard to the Boilermakers was Captain Jim (Continued on page 4)
Purdue’s hardwood speedsters will jump into the midst of a rapidfire schedule of outstanding mtersectional games on Wednesday evening as they meet Southern California in the first of five home games in eight days that will match the Boilermakers against the leading teams of the Pacific coast and Southwest conferences. Coming right on the heels of the Southern California game Wednesday night, the Boilermakers will face Washington State’s dangerous Cougars on Thursday night and then match scoring power with Oregon’s defending national intercollegiate and Pacific coast champions on Saturday night. Following the trio of games with Pacific coast rivals. Coach Ward Lambert’s proteges will hardly have time to eat their Christmas dinner before turning their attention to the Southwest conference brand of basketball, meeting Southern Methodist here a week from Wednesday night, and Rice Institute the following evening. Trojans Won Last Year The Southern California quintet that was responsible for Purdue’s lone non-conference defeat last season will provide the immediate problem for the Boilermakers on Wednesday night. Coached by Sam Barry, former Iowa mentor, and paced (Continued on page 4)
XMAS SPECIAL
NEW York and RETURN
$19.50
Leaving UNION BUILDING 5:30 p.m. December 20, 1939 LARGE GREYHOUND CRUISER BUSSES For Reservations Call 2105 . UNION BUS STATION
Come Over and Hear These Lale Hits On COLUMBIA RECORDS
Let's Dance
a
By Benny Goodman The First Time This Song Has Ever Been Recorded
and
\v
The Little Red Fox
tr
Four Sound Proof Booths
THE FOSTER SHOP
EAST SIDE SQUARETHE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunda/f December 17# 1939
Bull Session
(Continued fiom page 2) teis undei noimal conditions. What chance has the present iunior to pass a couise under those circumstances ’ Someone will now ventuie to say that something has been done. Next year the juniors will have three semesteis to cover the work m, but the classes will probably be larger than even the present M E. 11 or 63 classes—a condition offering little improvement None of the other possible improvements have been considered. No greater number of instructors can be expected, nor may ■w e expect to have the grading standards lowered to a suitable level. Eventually the classes of the future may expect these necessary improvements but is the present junior class expected to spend their remaining days m the University trying to accomplish the impossible ? Being students in an engineering school that rates as high as Purdue we realize we are expected to work and work hard. We are all willing to dig in and work, but we are not able to accomplish miracles. All we ask is that we have more instructors who are willing to answer our questions m ordei to reduce the size of the class, or else reduce the grading standards temporarily so that we can at least pass the course without too many repetitions. M E 61 Forever. Boilermakers (Continued from page 3) Logan, of the little pals from down state, I U. Logan backed up the Indiana line on defense and had a hand in about one-half of the tackles down at Bloomington during the ’39 Purdue game. Therefore, we place Method and Logan on Purdue's reminiscent enemy eleven End, always a diiticult position to fill, because of the abundance of good and fair ends who have their off days and good afternoons. The only consistant end we saw all season was David Rankin, Purdue’s captain-elect for the next pigskin campaign However, we did manage to get enough out of some of the Boilei makers to find that the play of Minnesota’s Mariucci and Kerr of Notre Dame looked the best, and the best wasn’t even fair, to the Puidue griddeis. Purdue Not Prejudiced Above is youi team’s all-opponent eleven, and now we’ll make our digression. In reading ovei the Indiana all-opponent team, we failed to find a single Boilermaker mentioned, but on mentioning this to Purdue football playeis they told us that Ave V'eren’t conducting a poll at Bloomington but in West Lafayette. Nope, there’s no prejudice to be found in the giand bunch of fellows who provided you with enough football to finish second in the toughest conference in the land, even aftei that group of men had completely lost the right side of the line when Timperman’s right leg went haywire, Thursby’s back wouldn’t hold up, and Verplank’s groin and ankles were damaged beyond healing during the season, a team who lost two 3’s of its “B-man” backfield. Brock and Byelene, because the effectiveness of Brock and Bi own was never at par. Holiday Foes (Continued from page 3) by Ralph Vaughn, former Frankfort, Ind., high school star, the Trojans are being boomed along with Washington State as possible rivals to Oregon for the current Pacific coast title. Vaughn, a southpaw forward who is well known to Hoosier high school basketball followers, was the high scorer of the southern division of the Pacific coast conference last season when he racked up 180 points in 12 games, an average of 15 points per game, and holds the southern division one game scoring record of 36 points. Tickets Galore In view of the fact that a good portion of the student body will be out of town for Christmas vacation, tickets for the general public are expected to be available for all five holiday games, although there has already been a heavy demand for seats for the Soutbem California and Oregon games in particular.
Lambert Prepares Cagers For Invasion By Western Betters Afternoon practice for the basketball team yesterday was dominated with instruction by Coach Lambert on the art of copeing'with various kinds of defenses and offenses employed by the various fives from all points of the Western basketball circle who will invade the Fieldhouse during the coming holiday season. Lambert’s instruction was very practical indeed, because the teams that Purdue will face are clubs coming from Texas and the far Western coast. Due to the distance of these cagers’ schools from the Boilermaker institution, it isn’t possible for the Purdue mentor to have a scouting report; therefore, Lambert is stressing a Purdue offense that will stand up to the giant westerners. Bosse, Lorenz Improve One of the highlights of yesterday’s drill was the improvement shown by junior forwards, Jim Bosse, and Basil Lorenz. Both boys are capable of turning in excellent performances, but like a number of other very good athletes, these two boys tighten up under the pressure of competition.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity pin some time last week on the campus. Call Chase, 3301. Reward.
^ MISCELLANEOUS FURNACE—CARE—Reliable man will care for furnaces in West Lafayette during Christmas holidays. Phone 86961. Thomas,
POMM—Short but important meeting Monday, December 18, at 6 o’clock in the Armory. It is necessary that all members having Tuesday Corps Day be there for instructions concerning the Tuesday formation. —HOTLER.
PIA Dance Class: Short meeting Monday, December 18, at 7 p. m in the Women’s Gym. Party following. Bring dates. —LUTZ.
WANTED—Round trip passenger to North Carolina via Asheville. Leave Thursday. Phone 76131
Cjhi Epsilon: Meeting in room C of the Union on Tuesday, December 19, at 7:80 p, m. —CORNELL,.
WANTED—Ride to Massachusetts. Mills, 8029
Notices No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
Debris Sophomores: Meet at the dark room Tuesday, December 19, at 4 p. m. —DYER.
Lutheran Students: A Christmas pasty will be held in the basement of Grace Lutheran chdrch Monday, December 18, at 7:16 p. m. All members and students Interested in becoming members of the association are invited. —HALL. Sigma Delta Chi: Absolutely must have all Riveter Rassle tickets and money by 'Tuesday, December 19, at 6 p. m. in Exponent office ■—DECKARD.
Reamer Club: Regular meeting Monday, December 18, 8 p. m. in room P of the Union Basketball tickets will be dlstri]^ uted. Everyone be there. —REILEY.
Lambda Kappa: Christmas party will be Sunday, December 17, at 7:80 p. m. in the chestnut room of the Union. All are Invited. Please be prompt. —STEPHENS.
Registration Workers: Students who wish to work for the Registrar during the second semester registration, January 80 and 81, should leave their names at the Registrar’s office before the Christmas holidays. Preference will be given to those who have worked during previous registrations, and to those with office experience. —STONE. Union Sophomores: Meeting of the puttering room staff Tuesday, December 19, in the puttering room at 4:30 p. m. —CLARKE.
. Distinguished Howitzer Squad Competition: All juniors who would like to organize howitzer squads to compete in a new test to be started early in the second semester please sign up at once on list posted on bulletin board on second floor of the Armory. No juniors or sophomores who took part in the competition just finished are eligible fo rthe new list. For further information see Major Faulconer. (12-20) —FAULCONER.
Union Sophomores: Our com’mittees please meet in Union office Monday, December 18, at 4 p. m. —BROOKS, SEIBERT. Eta Kappa Nu: See Miss Darr for information on the personnel booklets. Attend to this matter as soon as possible (12-20) • —KEEN
Episcopal Students: Meeting of the Seabury Club will be held in room C of the Union at 7 o’clock Sunday, December 17 Dinner will be served at 6 o’clock in the west end of the cafeteria —LYLES.
Thirteen Club: Meet in main lounge of Union at 2 p m , Sunday, December 17. —DUNSHEE
Pi Tau Sigma: Important meeting in ME reading room Monday, December 18, at 4 P m. —EILERING.
Examining Board for Flying Cadets: From the Army Air Corps will hold examinations December 18, 19, 20 Tests will be given from 9 a m to 6 p m in the Student Health Service in the Executive Building —THOMPSON.
Classified Ads
FOR
FOR SALE
SALE—^Typewriters.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held Tuesday, December 19, at 7 .30 p m in room C of the Union As —PRANTZREB.
Military Students-; Uniforms need not be worn to any classes or drills on Wednesday, December 20 —THOMPSON.
All makes.
standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as ,¥.*29-76. Supplies. C. F, Ebershoff,
606 Main street.
FOR RENT FOR RENT—Nice quiet single room. 420 Evergreen.-JPhone 66084.
RUSS’ RENT-A-CAR SERVICE. Phone 71644 after 6 pm. Minimum |2.00—$2.60. All night.
Give Glatz's— They're home model Delicious chocolates and bonbons, o gift that will satisfy the most critical We pack them in colorful gift boxes, and arrange them for mailing
GLATZ^S
536 Main St.
Phone 4441
Get Your Laundry All Done Up BEFORE You Go Home! Save Mother’s time for visiting with you and the rest! Phone us EARLY tomorrow for final pick-up! 132 A • r « Phone 3085
We ha-flse a fine selection of exclusive and unusual gifts. Costume jewelry, perfume, dainty glassware, and many other items — the choice of the season's markets. [Trained sales ladies will help you in your selec-
THE FOSTER SHOP
East Side of Square
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DIt PAUL A. RISK OR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD ). RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Hardware
• Florists
, Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7 th Phone 6050
• Locksmith
• Dairy Products
KEYS & LOCKS • Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocka. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories arid repairing. MULHAUPrS 20,9-11 N. Sth St. Phone 2828
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
ITd A JOY TO GIVE A WELL DRESSED GIFT
Whether your gifts are treasures or trifles, nothing will add more to them, or make the spirit in which they are given more apparent than careful artistic packaging. Choose your accessories from our complete display of H^hmark Christmas Gift Dressings, and mske your Christmas packaging easier and your gifts more attractive than ever before. You’ll be proud of the added impifession they will make.
DECKER^S
518-20 Main Sh
Phone 6437
I allC
With the Money Ydu’H Save Traveling Home at GREYHOUND'S
Reduced
HOLIDAY FARES To Hundreds of Cities—Effective December 15th
TMPROVE your standing as a firstA class Santa Claus this year. Chances are you can check off a large part of yourl Christmas list with the money you save at Greyhound’s reduced fares for your trip home. Super-Coaches are warm and comfortable in any weather—and the* crowd’s always congenial ... . Get into> the holiday spirit—get aboard a Grey-) hound Super-Coach—get going! Merrjr
Christmas I
Sample Rouad-Trlp Fan» Columbus, O,.... $ 8.05 Cleveland, 0 10.90 Buffalo, N. Y.. .. 16.45 Pittsburg, Pa 13.90 Akron, 0 10.90 Toledo, 0 9.55
New York
Special Bus $19.50