‘ ¥ «'Ii"J
K
the Purdue Exponent
VOLUME FORTY-NINE
Lafayette, Indiana, Sunday, October 31, 1937
NUMBER 42
Boilermakers, 13; Hawkeyes ,0
rock, Cec Isbell Cross Goal Line As iveters Check Hawkeye Offense
Labor
“We want peace, but under our ovm .conditions/’ insisted both CIO and AS' of L leaders at the labor peace conference in Washington early this week;. Result: no peace. The two rival labor organizations f 'e as far apart as ever. On Monday the CIO, under John L 'Lewis, offered to come back into the folds of the AF of L as a new department “to be knovra as the CIO” under the conditions that all unions under the CIO banner at present be contained in the new department. Under such conditions the department would have outvoted the main organization. Also the CIO was to continue unmolested in its present campaign to organize big industry workers into industrial or mass unions instead of fitting them into the customary AF of L craft pattern. On Tuesday the Federation submitted a counter proposal which differed sharply from the CIO demands. The AF of L suggested a reunion of the CIO unions without any loss of rights which had been granted originally by the Federation. In addition the 22 new national unions chartered by the CIO since the rebellion two years ago would be disposed of in a conference to be held for the purpose of bringing about adjustment with rival AF of L units. Neither proposal was acceptable to the opposing grotups and the parley was adjourned until next Thursday. Privately, according to United Press reports, Lewis has admitted that peace negotiations are “all over —busted.” Rumors that the two labor groups would not meet Thursday as scheduled were strengthened when Lewis announced another CIO raid upon the AF of L unions. On this occasion the raid will be directed against the furniture, bedding and allied trade unions.
Washingi'on
Directing governmental activities from an easy chair in his Hyde Park home. President Roosevelt t'his week poured over his five point legislative program, juggled budget figures, and took time out for numerous chats with diplomats, advisors and subordinates. Farmer Jones wants a government lohn on his bumper corn crop and is wondering if he will have a crop control program to comply with. Secretary of Agriculture Wallace says the American farmer will get both loans and control and reassembling congress has tagged this case 'as Consideration No. 1. Right now congress committeemen are most interested in ways and means of raising a cool 200 million to support such a project. President Roosevelt says that it must be covered 100 percent by new revenues. A processing tax may be the committee’s solution.
Designed to make stocks easier to buy and harder to sell, thus bolstering sagging security prices, newly revised Federal Reserve margin requiren^ents go into effect tomorrow. After a prolonged session Wednesday, the board decided that buyers should get more stock for the same amoimt of money. Consequently, securities may be purchased after today by putting up 40 percent of their priqe instead of 66 percent as has beep the rule since February 1936. Also, those selling short must (Continued on page 4)
Contracts Let On Men's Residence Halls; Construction Will Start Soon Construction on two new men’s residence halls, NorthiVest and West units of the Cary group, is expected to start within a few days as contracts for their construction have been let On the low bid of $498,000 to A. E. Kemmer of Lafayette, subject to PWA approval, a report from the
president’s office stated yesterday.
Union Begins Sum Evening Entertainn
sy
am
ic
Inaugurating a new series of cafeteria skits, the Forestry Club will present a program of mountaineer music and old time songs by the Happy Hollow Swingsters, under the direction of George Young, at 6:16 this afternoon in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. .. A specialty number entitled “The Big Battle in F Minor” will feature Norman Gamso and Glen Hildebrand. The eight members of the band, composed completely of Foresters and representing every class, will play instruments ranging from a washboard to a violin. Instead of presenting skits produced by fraternities and sororities, as it did last year, the Union will feature skits by various campus honoraries and activity organizations to be presented every Sunday evening at 5:15 in the ballroom. Lash To Speak At Union Today Joseph P. Lash, one of America’s most outstanding youth leaders, will speak today in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building at 2 p. m., on the situation in Spain. Lash has just returned from Spain where he has been under shell-fire for three months, and is now on a lecture tour from coast to coast. While in Spain, Lash worked for the Youth Organization For Spain and with the Ministry of Education. “Both,” said Lash when interviewed recently, “are doing a great job in carrying through a program to modernize Spain, in the political and educational sense.” “One of the most interesting things about Spain today is the Government’s use of the army as a lever with which to eradicate illiteracy. For the first' time in history the people of this historic nation are free men. Today they are determined to defend their democratic liberties and their free Republican institutions. As they fight, the twin blights of Spain, illiteracy and poverty, are being eliminated. The Spanish people will see this fight through to the end.”
The new units will supplement the present residence quarters for men, Cary Halls East and North, and will provide living facilities for 267 students and faculty advisors. In the Northwest section there will be rooms for 111 students and two apartments for guests, while in the larger West section there will be three apartments and quarters for 151 men. The Northwest section will be built facing north, and directly west of the present North Hall. The West section will face west on Russell street. The present Spitzer walk will remain between the North and Northwest halls to facilitate the handling of football crowds. The new units will have the same exterior style as the present halls, but a great number of changes are being planned in the interior design. In the basement area between the North Hall and the Northwest section a postoffice will be located. Each resident will have his own lock box, and there will be an attendant on duty to take care of outgoing mail and packages. In the Northwest section a modern soda fountain and grill will be situated for the convenience of the residents and their friends. There will be an outside entrance from Spitzer court for those who wish to use the postoffice or visit the grill. The new residence units are expected to be ready for occupation when school starts next fall.
Fordham 14; N. Carolina 0. Northwestern 14; Wisconsin 0. Notre Dame 7; Minnesota 6. Ohio State 39; Chicago 0. Michigan 7; Illinois 6. Nebraska 7; Indiana 0. Missouri 12; Iowa State 0. Tennessee 32; Georgia 0. Butler 12; DePauw 0. Western Reserve 6; Dayton 18. Penn State 13; Syracuse 19. Duke 43; Washington and Lee 0. Dartmouth 9; Yale 9. Carnegie Tech 14; Pittsburgh 24. Harvard 34; Princeton 6. Temple 0; Holy Cross 0. Kansas 0; Michigan State 16. Cornell 14; Columbia 0. Penn 14; Navy 6. Santa Clara 38; Marquette 0.
Approximately 20,000 Boilermaker fans watched the Purdue grid squad plow up the lads from the tall corn state, 13 to 0, yesterday afternoon under a sweltering sun that kept the teams wet with perspiration and the fspis in high spirits. The Boilermaker grid machine crossed the Iowa goal in the first and third quarters as
Purdue climbed from the cellar in the Big Ten standings.
The breaks which have meant so much to the Purdue hopes this season fell right for the Boilermakers as they overpowered the Hawkeyes with ease. The running of Lou Brock, the.play of Cec Isbell, and the kicking and passing of Nile Kinnick, 160 pound Iowa quarterback, were high lights of the afternoon’s play. The first Purdue touch(iown came in the opening minutes of the game as the
Boilermaker squad received the ball and failed to gain in three downs. Cec Isbell kicked to Kinnick on the Iowa 48 yard line. Kinnick fumbled as he was tackled by Clem Woltman, and DeWitte recovered. Lou Brock, Purdue’s sensational sophomore halfback, picked up a first down in three successive plays, and Powell added another on an end around. Prom here, Cec Isbell ran the ball over the goal line and added a point after touchdown to the Boiler-
maker score.
Today Marks Anniversary Of John Purdue^s Birth
By Dorothea Justin Today is the one hundred and thirty-fifth a,nniversary of the birthday of the man who decided where and what the University would be located and named. John Purdue was born in Huntington county. Pa., in 1802, of German parentage. The ojnly son in a family of eight children, he began early to fight his way. After his family had emigrated to Ross coupty, 0., he took up farming. He believed in universal education, and in his early twenties was a school teacher in country schools. A clever business man, he started a fortune in early years which increased greatly during Civil War
times. In 1839, he "started business in Lafayette, and was such a leading citizen in the growing commercial trading point he was made a member of the City Council the following year. He became a member of the school board and was always generous with his purse. With the passage of the Moprill Act by Congress, Indiana became concerned with its land grant colleges. Congress argued and discussed the location and endowment of such an institution in Indiana. Many representatives f a v oj: e d Bloomington; many, Indianapolis as the location of the land grant college. Other representatives want- . (Continued on page 2)
Party Drinks Goat Milk Toast Before Unusual Wedding By David Crabtree Their’s was an original wedding. The couple—^Amy Lou White of Corning, N. Y., and Philip Stasch, also of Corning, N. Y., a freshman science student at the University— wanted to be married at Philip’s rooming house last Thursday until Philip realized that there were too many fellows to kiss the bride. So, they picked up a few friends and drove to Remington to get Reverend C. N. McBrayer to perform the ceremony. The Reverend refused to marry the couple—^until he had finished milking his goats, giving each member of the party a sample
of goat’s milk.
Church In Disorder The ceremony finally got under way in the newly constructed Methodist church amidst paint buckets and ladders that the workmen who were putting the finishing touches on the building had left in the way. The bride and groom followed out their plans completely to have an
original wedding.
The bride, a very lovely lady, wore the oldest dress she owned. There is the tradition that the bride must wear “something old,somethingnew, something borrowed, and something blue.” The minister’s wife insisted that the bride wear something new and, when nothing could be found, made a new garter for her. The groom insisted on being married in
his shirt sleeves.
Organ Blows Fuse Fred Eilers, who also stays at the COE house, the residence of the groom, accompanied the ceremony on the new electric organ in the church until a fuse blew out —after that, no music! After the wedding, everyone kissed the bride except the groom, and the wedding party went to the Reverend’s home for the wedding breakfast at the early hour of 6:00
p. m.
The couple at present are making their home with Mr. and Mrs. Moyd Coe at 415 State St. Band Promotions Made By Emrick Charles M. Jorgenson, for four years drum major of the Purdue band, was advanced to the rank of Brevet Captain Friday night following the Iowa pep-session. Jorgenson formerly held the rank of 1st Lieutenant. Professor P. S. “Spots” Emrick also announced three other promotions, as follows; Brevet 1st Lieut R. D. Birge was promoted to 1st Lieut, and Military Officer; 2nd Lieut. R. P. Anthes was promoted to Brevet 1st Lieut, and Asst. Military Officer; and Brevet 2nd Lieut C. J. Camp was named^ 2nd Lieut and Detail Officer.
Statistics prove the Boilermakers superior as they gained 204 yards from scrimmage compared to 10(8 for Iowa. The Hawks, however, gained 74 yards from passes to 24 for Purdue. The band, the ROTC officers, and the Gimlet pledges put on fine demonstrations which added to the spectators’ enjoyment.
Purdue wins toss and elects to receive. Gallagher's kickoff is taken by Brock from his own eight up to his 27. Three tries by Brock, DeWitte, and Isbell net no gain. Isbell pimts from his own 20 to Kinnick, who takes the ball on his 20, and runs it up to the 37. Woltman hits him hard and he fumbles, DeWitte recovering for Purdue. Brock takes the ball through left tackle for six yards to Iowa’s 31. Brock tries center for two yards. Again Brock takes the ball, this time off left guard for two yards and a first down. On a reverse. Brock hands the ball to Cec Isbell, who goes aroimd right end for six yards. Iowa, offsides, Purdue elects to take the penalty. Powell, on an end around play, picks up eight yards. DeWitte goes off left guard, but with no gain. Touchdown Play Brock picks up eight yards around left end. With the ball on Iowa’s six yard line, DeWifte slips the pigskin to Cec Isbell on a spinner, and Cec goes around right end for a touchdown. Cec’s conversion is good. Score: Purdue, 7; Iowa, 0. Woltman, kicking for Purdue, boots to Gallagher, who is downed on his own 30. Barazs picks up three yards through right guard. Kinnick’s pass to Lanrion is complete on Purdue’s 48 for a first down.
Three plays by Kinnick net only five yards, so Elinnick punts out on Purdue’s 28. Brock makes three yards around left end. Cec Isbell’s spinner nets four yards. Brock hits tackle for 11 yards, putting the ba^ on Purdue’s 44. First Down, Iowa The Boilermakers lose four srards on the next two plays, so Cec Isbell punts, the ball going out on Iowa's 31. Kinnick tries left guard for no gain. Eicherly picks up eight yards through right tackle, and on the next play picks up three more for a first down. In three plays the Hawkeyes fail to gain, so Kinnick punts out on Purdue’s 30. Brock’s spinner off right tackle nets two yards. Brock hits left guard on the next play, but the play is called back and Purdue is penalized five yards for offside. DeWitte hits left tackle for one yard as the quarter ends. Score: Purdue, 7; Iowa, 0. Second Quarter Brock punts to Kinnick, who is downed on his own 39. Eannick goes through tackle to his 41. Kinnick kicks to Brock on his own 22. Three Boilermaker plays net oply five yards. Brock’s punt is taken by Kinnick, who is downed on Purdue’s 47. Two drives through left guard and (Continued oh page 3)
Northwestern Defeats Wisconsin, 14-6
Playing on home soil failed to help Wisconsin yesterday as they bowed in defeat before Northwestern by a score of 14 to 6. Warm weather slowed the game as 30,000 fans watched the Badgers fail to keep the Wildcate from starting back on the trail in their quest for the Big Ten Championship.
Northwestern’s captain, Don Heap, drew first blood by scoring in the initial period and Jay Laskay, fullback, adde^ the other points to the team’s tota^l in the third periodNick Conteas^ scored Wisconsin’s lone touchdown in the second quarter but his teammate, Howard Weiss, failed to convert the extra point.
Hoosiers Lose 7 - 0 Battle To Nebraska
A burst of strength on the first play of the game was too much of a handicap for Indiana and provided Nebraska a 7-0 victory over their Hoosier visitors. Jack jjo^d raced 66 yards for the only touchdown after snaring a shovel pass. Indiana’s forward passes were effective but not enough to endanger
the Comhusker goal line. In tiie final period Nebraska reached Indiana’s six yard line after intercepting a pass and retaliating with a long pass of their own, but the Hoosiers gained the ball on a fumble and ended the threat. Although behind in the scoring, Indiana was still far out in first downs in the final summary.i,I
h- i
THE PUBDI^E EXPONENT
the Purdue Exponent
Fonndcd in 18BI
Bdltorinl Pltone E0S7 Onmpna Subseriptions $> per year
OFFICE—SIS KorOi Fifth Street Lafayette, Indiana
Business Phone 6088 Mail Subscriptions |8v60 per year
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
R. P. Manion
BUSINESS MANAGER
D. C. Miller
Editorial Staff
MAMA.GIKG EDITOR.
J. E. Brock
ASSOCIATE EDITORS O. A. Bailey, I* S. Hardin. C. D. Sohroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance
Co-ed Staff
CO-ED EDITOR - — Elizabeth Pyke ASSOCIATE EDITORS Jdary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee.
BnslnesB Staff ASSISTANT BUSINESS MANAGER J. P. Girard Local AdV^rtisiny Staff LOCAL ADVERTISING MANAGER... R, R. Hensler National Adrertislny Staff NATIONAL ADVERTISING MANAGER W. J. GilliUn Circulation Staff CIRCULATION MANAGER M. C. Reeves Sports Staff SPORTS EDITOE R. F. Obenehain ASSOCIATE EDITORSu J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer. ^
NIGHT EDITOR Schroeder
October 31, 1937
ISSUE EDITOR .Erederick
^Lash Is A Communist’
Dear Editor: I understand that it is not the purpose or policy of the Exponent to take sides on any question such as the issue of the American Student Union, its activities, and those of its smaller branches such as the Purdue Student Alliance. The Exponent, I am given to understand, intends to present an equal chance to both sides in any issue to say what they want to say.
This idea is, I believe, commendable. The newspaper has caried articles about this Sunday’s speech of Joseph P. Lash, and his purpose in coming. It is only fair that the paper should tell the other side. Joseph P. Lash is an admitted communist. He has said (in his publication “War on the Campus”): “An intelligent fight against war and fascism must be a fight against capitalism. . . To end them we must have a socialistic system. . . Fight war effectively, on every front, and you find yourself fighting for socialism.” Joseph P. Lash is the national executive secretary of the American Student Union, of which Homer L. Chaillaux, director of the national American commission of the American Legion, says: “. . . The American Legion probably would not condemn the convention (The third United States congress against war and fascism at which many of the delegates were American Student Unionites and almost all of them communists) if its leaders were sound Americans, instead of communists, and if it paid a tribute occasionally to the American flag instead of bitter denunciation of our form of government, and if its leaders occasionally paid respect to God.” Chaillaux further states in his report: “Several of the same persons who had been delegates to the national convention the prior week in Columbus, 0., attending the meeting of the American Student Union, which grew out of the amalgamation of the National Student League and the League for Industrial Democracy, were not only present at this second radical convention (the third congress against war, etc.), but were given places of authority on the program or speaking committee.” I do not wish to deny the “Purdue Pinks” the right of waving their red flags. I say pinks, because the Purdue Student Alliance in a statement made to Dean M. L. Fisher for presentation to the Executive Committee of Purdue University in order to gain official University recognition, denied several of the points in
Tb» '’Vraodway Mtilody**' ITOT
TODAY - TOMORROW ■A,
the platform of the American Student Union. (If they had denied these points publicly, they would have been liable to a revocation of their national charters according to a rule of the national organization). I have no quarrel with Bob Buckles, chairman of the Purdue Student Alliance, and while I am at' variance with his beliefs, I think he is a fine and intelligent chap. However, I think he should consider the following: The United States state department has been very careful to avoid favoring one side or another in the present Spanish conflict. They have done this to avoid any possible international complications which might lead the United States into a war. Now, Joseph P. Lash, an admitted communist, is coming to this and other colleges “on behalf of the Youth Division of the North American Committee to Aid Spanish Democracy.” He will speak favor ably of a campaign instituted by the Spanish Loyalist (communistic) Government to abolish illiteracy among the Spanish people. These are statements made by the Purdue Student Alliance. Is there any way he could better undo the work that the State Department has been doing in order to preserve United States, neutrality? Collecting subscriptions, as he vrill undoubtedly try to do, to turn over to the Spanish Loyalist (communistic) Government from United States citizens (college students, ostensibly the cream of American In telligence) is actively opposing the work and interests of the United States Government and the citizens which it represents. J. E. Brock, ME ’38.
P. S. I have at my avail, proof of all statements made above. JEB.
IF YOU HAVE, AND DON’T WANT TO HAVE; OR DON’T WANT TO HAVE,- AND HAVE — Use the Exponent Classified Column to let others know.
ARC
Today and Monday
ONine.
■■■ ■tUldr—
‘Betty Boop Cartoon”
Stinday»^October 31< 1937
What, Where. When?
By Sally McKee
When you go with a friend to help him select a new hat do you really go to help, or do you just go because he asked you, with no inten-
tion of helping him ?
If you follow the latter course and are worrying about the politeness of giving advice, 'remember that the advice Was “asked for.” Just because you like the red hat is absolutely no reason why your friend should take it if he doesn’t like it. He asked advice, so that, with your assistance in mind, he might make his own choice _ Thintof yourself. Would you ask someone to help pick out your handkerchiefs if you didn’t really want help ? And if you found that the advice was bad—after asking for it,
would you still heed it?
Peace Group Plans Armistice Banquet
Representatives of eight organi zations met Thursday evening, October, 28 in Peace Committee meeting, and made plans for an Armistice Day banquet to be held in cooperation with the Religious Council. The location of the banquet has not yet been decided upon, but will be announced at a later date.
John Purdue Continued from page 1)
ed to establish counties.
it in their own
Various Hoosier counties offered sums of money as inducements and added endowments for the prospective college. The state assembly was at a standstill after months of debate and dissension. John Purdue stepped in. He offered $160,000 of his own money, to be added to the $60,000 Tippecanoe county had already offered, with the stipulation that the college bear his surname. The extra weight of his offer, which included 100 acres of land, gave the decision to Tippecanoe county. The debated land grant college 'then became Purdue University, with John Purdue a life member of the board of trustees. The University opened classes in 1874, in Lafayette — winner over Battle Ground for the final location.
John Purdue, with monetary help and efforts at establishment, building, and organization, was the deciding factor in the location of the University and the land bought for its campus. The architect of Purdue Hall, then a dormitory, the man who stipulated that no Latin or Greek be taught, the man whose heavy white dishes are now exhibited in the home economics laboratory, dining room, John Purdue, has influenced the Universiw in many ways.
Picjmre Sittings Entice ME Senior From Bed Of Death
Organizations represented at the meeting were: Scabbard and Blade, WSGA, Religious Council, YWCA, Tippecanoe County Young People’s Council, Purdue Student Alliance, Wesley Foundation, and Scrivener. The committee in charge of the banquet is composed of Helen Howard, chairman, Helen Conver, and Myer Mirkin. J. Biebel is in charge of posters, and J. Fonts is in charge of advertising.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
By Jerry Torrence, Jr. What had all the outward appearances of a real problem, was easily solved late Thursday by a Debris photographer in the Union Building. A senior entered the room with his left arm completely enveloped in a plaster cast. Jerry Carlon, who is a seemingly indefatigable shutter snapper, had a mild look of perplexity on his face. In his profession, he is not accustomed to wander far from the conventional; yet when such a situation as this presents itself to him, he must be prepared to meet it. The unfortunate senior, Ralph Hobart, ME, had arisen from a sick bed against doctor’s orders so that he (^uld make the five o’clock deadline. Of course he was only able to get his good arm into his suit coat, but soon Ehinger came to the rescue with his own pin stripe coat. By the draping of one coat over one shoulder and the placing the other coat over the remaining shoulder, the problem was solved to the satisfaction of all present. The faces of Carlon and Hobart beamed jointly as the latter left the room in anticipation of seeing his picture in the 1937-38 Debris.
GALE SONDERGAARD JOSEPH SCHILDKRAOT Clortt HplJen « DonnU CrUp Erin O'Brten-JMoon^Hearj O^McUl LoiiM CiJliem • AlpcffU CanMvffliy
H« N«a* «• ill* of Pan*.. .aaj dua^cj la* aaaia fraa* a catat-** a *a**i«t
Starts TODAY MARS
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
‘Business is terrible—had to beg overtime every day this week!”
Subscribe for The Ptirdue Exponent NOWl
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
NOW SHOWING
IT’S A FIRST RUN HIT!
ALSO - - - MARCH OF TIME
i)
IH'Simdltor. Octo!^«r 31,1937
THE PURPUE EXPOyEWT
I \
Boilermakers Lose To lllini 29-26 In Cross Country Run
Sherber Wins Distance Race For Iliinois;
Closely Followed By Purdue's Art Bodeau A three point margin defeated Purdue’s cross country squad yesterday morning at Champaign, 111., as the lllini harriers
scored a 29-26 win.
Sherber of Illinois took first place honors with the time of 15:46.6 for the three mile course. He was followed fifteen sec-
onds later by Art Bodeau, the leading Boilermaker representative. Clevel and Yarko came in third and fourth for the home squad, and Knapp was the next Purdue man to finish. Other Gold and Black men who counted in the team’s total score were Marozick and Gaulke who came in after Ejiapp, and Long who took
ninth place.
Coach Phillips was disappointed in the resxilt but made no excuse for the defeat, saying that the lllini were just better and that was ^11. The fact that it was a three mile course may have made a difference as the Purdue squad is used to running three’ and a half miles. The boys from Champaign started out in a sprint, as they were used to the course, and did the first two miles in ten minutes. This was entirely too fast for the Boilermakers, who are used to running at a somewhat slower pace.
University Directories The first shipment of University directories is exhausted. No more copies will be available until further notice. Ralph B. Stone, Registrar.
Ads are taken In Room E of the Purdue Memorial Unloii on a cash basis only.
SUNSHINE BUHER IS HIGH IN QUALITY
IT'S FRESH! You will never tire of its delicious, fresh flavor.
SUNSHINE FARMS
Battery B-2 Wins In Annual R 01C Swim Competition Battery B-2 won the annual interbattery swimming meet Thursday night, winding up with two first places and a third place for a total of 12 points. Motk brought the winning battefy five points by taking the 100-yard back stroke, while Risser led the 100-yard free style swimmers to give B-2 five more points. White brought the total up to 12
for the victors.
Close behind the winners was D-1, with Tuxworth and Briggs taking first place in the 40-yard free style and diving events respectively. Krick, of S-4, won the 100-yard breast stroke, and VanArsdol, of F-1, took the 220-yard free style. Batteries B-1, with 9 points, S-4 and P-1, with eight points, and P-3, with six points finished after the leaders in that order.
—MONDAY— 11:00—American Institutions, Prof. Robert Phillips. 11:60—Purdue News Plashes. 12:00—^Agricultural Porum. 12:16—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30—Sports Review— Bob Heine. 12:46—Don Bowden— Popular Melodies. 1:00—Mrs. Ray Gillespie— soprano. 1:16—Can You Pronounce It? 1:46—Market & Weather Reports. G, W, Weston Elected Electrical League Head At a recent convention of the International Association of Electrical Leagues, G. W. Weston, EE ’13, of Kansas City, llfo., was elected treasurer of the organization, according to word received here. Por a number of years, Weston has been secretary and manager of the Electric and Radio Assodation of Kansas City.
Boilermakers Turn
/
Thoughts To Annual Clash With Fordham Big Ten competition will be left in the background this coming week as the Boilermakers begin intensive preparations for their annual journey to New York where they will attempt to win their third victory in four games against the Pordham Rams of Rose Hill. Many critics have it that Purdue will come out on the short side when they meet the Rams, who are rated among the country’s “first ten,” but the Boilermakers are harboring no suppressed hopes. They have been showing steady improvement since the start of the season, and the only games that they have dropped have been to Ohio State and Northwestern, Purdue showed potential power when it dropped these two games by very close margins and is aware that an upset over the Rams will erase the sting of its early season defeats. ^ In eastern campaigns Purdue has an enviable record. Last year’s loss to Pordham, after two consecutive victories, vfas the«first defeat of Purdue in the East since the fall of 1926, when the Old Gold and Black lost the season opener to Navy’s national champions by the score of 17-14.
Hallowe’en Rioting It should be understood that any Hallowe’en rioting on the part of students will not be condoned by the University. Notice is now given that any student of the University guilty of participation in any rush rioting or any damage to propperty will not be considered as eligible to remain in the University. Edward C. Elliott, President.
TOUCHBALL MONDAY 1— Ward 1 vs Ward 10—Boyer 2— ^Ward 4 vs Ward lOx—^Billings 3— ^Ward 17 vs Ward 11—Caparoso —^Ward 11a vs Ward 13—Juillard 6—^Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Theta Xi—Kerber 6— Delta Upsilon vs Kappa Delta Rho—Troyer 7— Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs Phi Gamma Delta—^Vanhook 8— Carl Hall 1 vs Ward 12—^Leppla 9— Cary Hall 6 vs Ward 7—^Beck 10— Cary Hall 2 vs Ward 3—Captain 11— Cary Hall 4 vs Ward 6—Smithson
• the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
— Bookstores —
— Florist
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student ‘‘DEAC” Everything fpr a College Education H. G. REISNER
dhJth S-JoJaii: Inc. 635 Main St. in Lona Thcatra Bnildintr Phone 7955—8050
— Furniture —
Student Equipment fjoiishi
PROFESSIONAL
3>wufuiwai Qo. 425 Columbia St. Phone 272^
The Risk Dentftl Clinic BR.PAULA.n||9K DR. HAROLD J. BISK / DR.BOBBBT6.niSK DR.LUTHKRA.RIBK 4tl\,& Main Phone 5701
— Beauty Studio
• EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • Co-ed Specials, Thurs. - Fri. KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727
— Hardware —
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J.SPERBHDW. 822 MAIN
Purdue Downs Iowa
Continued from page 1)
left tackle by Gallagher result in a first down for Iowa. Kinnick hits center for seven yards, and Balazs picks up six more for another first down. Gallagher makes six yards around left end. Kinnick picks up / three yards through right tackle, placing the ball on Purdue’s 16. On the next two plays, Balazs and Gallagher fail to gain, so the ball goes to Purdue. Penalized To One Yard Line On the next play, Brock makes one yard, but Purdue is penalized 15 yards for clipping, placing the ball on the Boilermaker one yard stripe. Purdue takes time out. Brock kicks from under his own goal posts out of bounds on Purdue’s 42. Gallagher makes two yards. Kinnick, back to pass, is smeared on his own 44 for a 16 yard loss. Kinnick kicks to Brock, who takes ball from his own goal line to his 16. Two plays net no gain, so Cec kicks to Purdue’s 41. Iowa is penalized five yards on the next play for backfield in motion. Iowa tries three passes, only one of which is completed for seven yards. Kinnick’s punt goes over the goal, so ball is brought out to the 20. Three Boilermaker plays net only two yards, and Cec punts, the ball going out of bounds on Iowa’s 43. Gallagher’s spinner around left end is good for 7 yards. Kinnick’s pass is intercepted by Cody Isbell on his own 15. Winchell hits left
changes his mind and squirms his way for 21 yards to the Iowa 35. Brock picks up one yard through
left tackle.
Cec Isbell’s pass to Powell on Iowa’s 10 is incomplete, but interference is ruled, so Purdue gets ball on Iowa’s 10. DeWitte hits right tackle for two yards. DeWitte, on a spinner, hands ball to Cec, who laterals to Brock. Brock goes around left end for a touchdown. Isbell’s try for extra point is wide. Score: Purdue, 13; Iowa, 0. Balazs takes Woltman’s kick and is downed on his own 42. Iowa gains one yard in three plays. Kinnick kicks. Brock taking the punt from his 10 to his 32. Three Boilermaker tries net one yard. Brock kicks to Busk, who is stopped on his 36. Three plays and a five yard Purdue penalty for offside places the ball 'on Iowa’s 38. McLain kicks to Brock, who is downed on his 30 as the period ends. Score: Purdue, 13; Iowa, 0. Fourth Quarter Brown and Nesbitt make five yards. Nesbitt kicks. Busk receives and is downed on his 43. Kinnick’s pass is intercepted by Brown on Purdue’s 39. A spinner, Brown to Nesbitt, nets nine yards. Ippolito hits center for three yards and a
first down.
Brown, on a fake spinner, goes off left tackle for 14 yards. Three line bucks by Brown, Ippolito, and Nesbitt net 16 yards. Brown’s pass to Spehn is incomplete. Iowa is penalized 15 yards on the next play for roughness. With the ball on Iowa’s five yard line. Brown tries left end, but loses two yards. Nesbitt’s pass, intended for Brown,
Statistics Of Game
Iowa
Purdue
Kick off
2 for 110 yards
2 for 85 yards
Punts
8 for 339 yards
11 for 407 yards
Ave. on punts
42.6 yards
87 yards
Penalties
7 for 46 yards
4 for 29 yards
Fumbles
2
2
Own fumbles recov
1
2
Opponents’s recovered
0
1
First downs
9
13
Return kick offs
52 yards
41 yards
Return] punts
68 yards
67 yards
Passes
20 for 89 yards
6 for 24 yards
Yds. lost at att. passes
16
0
Incomplete passes
10
3
Intercepted passes
3
1
Scrimmage
30 for 108 yards
60 for 204 yards
Yds. lost from scrim...
4 yards
23 yards
Net yds. gained from scrimmage
104 yards
181 yards
Net gain on passes.^—
74 yards
24 yards
Net gain passes
\
and scrimmage
178 yards
205 yards
Total yds. gained
298 yards
317 yards
guard as the half ends.
is intercepted by Iowa behind
Score: Purdue, 7; Iowa, 0. Third Quarter Gallagher kicks off for Iowa, Brock receiving. He is downed on his 23. Iowa is penalized five yards for offside. Cec Isbell, Brock, and DeWitte hit the line in three tries for a first down. Three more tries net no gain, so Brock kicks. Kinnick receives and is downed on his 30. Balazs crashes center for 16 yards. Kinnick laterals to Gallagher for no gain. Balazs fumbles, DeHeer recovering for loss of eight yards. Kinnick punts over goal. Drives through left tackle and center by DeWitte and Brock net 11 yards and a first down. Three more plays result in 14 yards gained and another first down, placing the ball on Phrdue’s 44. March To Goal Cec Isbell fades back to pass, then
goal line, giving the Hawkeyes the ball on their 20. Iowa Threatens Kinnick passes, Iowa nets six yards. On the next play, Evans takes Kinnick’s pass and runs to the Purdue 28 before he is downed. Kinnick’s next pass is intercepted by Shackleton, who is stopped on his
18.
Iowa holds on the next three plays, so Brock kicks to Busk, who is downed on his 30. Kinnick breaks through tackle for 24 yards. Kinnick’s pass to Evans is complete for eight more yards. Iowa tries three passes in succession, but all are incomplete, giving Purdue the ball. Brock makes four yards around right end, and Vyverberg picks up five more the same way. Brock hits left tackle for one. yard as the final gun sounds. Final score: Purdue, 13; Iowa, 0.
Swim}, - Dance and Dine in a Glamorous Gown ]rom "We Eashiari* NEWEST STYUES JUST RECEIVED
$1095
AT
to
Sophomore Gridmen Stand Out As Stars In Big Ten This Year By R. L. McDonald Many new stars are developing throughout the Big Ten. Most of the crop are sophomores although many of the old hands are still battling and seem headed for greater honors. Rudy Gmitro has at last been given a chance by Minnesota’s coach Bemie Bierman and has proven that he is capable of guiding the Gophers through another eventful seasoi^He is credited with the victory over Michigan and with Minnesota’s sole touchdown against Indiana. Northwestern Stars Northwestern can attribute its success to two sophomores. Nick - Cutlich, star yearling tackle and Bemie Voigts, a lanky negro who has developed into the Wildcats’ best back. Both have been given considerable credit for Northwestern’s success. Michigan, Iowa, and Wisconsin have also developed some outstanding second year backs. Little Freddie 'Trosko and even smaller Hdlcules Renda are always a gladdening sight to the Wolyerine spectators. Nile Kinnick is the most talked of player on the Iowa campus and is considered to be the best punter turned out by any Big Ten school in five years. He recently averaged 62 yards on kicks against Wisconsin. The best prospect developed by Harry Stuhldreher this year at Wisconsin appears to be William Schmitz, sophomore back. Chicago has a good prospect in the form of sophomore Bob Wasem. Other Schools The other five conference schools seem to be relying upon their old faithful hands, who continue to exhibit their fine play of last season. Bo McMillin at Indiana thinls the world of Corby Davis and claims that he is the best fullback ever to don a helmet. Johnny Rabb at Ohio State continues to thrill the fans during his second year as an outstanding star. At Illinois Lowell Spurgeon captained the team until injured recently and lead in the offensive attack. Cec Isbell is steadily gaining national recognition as one of the finest all-round backs in the Kg as well as the leading threat in the Purdue offensive attack. Pledges Vie For Pie Padallion Monday ^Pies—^juicy, sloppy, blueberry goo pies—^will again grace the faces and upset the stomachs of the pledges of Pi Kappa Alpha and Pi Kappa Phi, in the annual pie eating contest of the two fraternities tomor-* row afternoon. This weekend freshmen in both houses are undergoing rigorous diets and competitions—each house is choosing eight m^n who ban envelope pie in record time, to win the shining Pie Padallion. Barrelboy Bill Adams, of the Pi KA domicile, grins, “I’ve been practicing on chocolate pastry, but I guess the3r^l give us something runny in thd con-
test.”
Champ Coaches Novices Pi Kappa Phi Paul Edwards, who last year proved himself champion pie eater of the University at the Riveters’ Rassle, is leader of the Pi Kap hopefuls. “We’ve got a bunch of pie crazy lads. They cry for it!” Edwards boasts. Rules refering to the annual affair state that the eight men teams are to run not less than 100 yaxdi|, not more than 1000 to the blueberry pies, after which pledges must mp back to starting point. No Regurgitation The catch in the dash hack is that * all pies must be retained natural^ \mtil each team member recrosses the starting line. The first man tp meet requirements will gain opp point, the second two, on through fp sixteen. The team with least points will win the trophy, the coveted co|h per plated Pie Padallion.
SOFTBALL MQNDAY 1&~-Alpha Gamma Rho vs Phi pa Sigma—-Igney-Mangaa.m
' < ' ^ ^ ' '.( 1
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
r- 1 ''V ? j/-ij * t *
Sunday, October 31,1937
The Week's NEWS
Continued from page 1) put up 50 percent of the stock’s value instead of a 10-point margin.
Assembling Mondaj, prior to their two week vacation, Supreme Comt Justices denied twice-saved Haywood Patterson a petition for writ of review. One of the seven Scottsboro negroes who have been repeatedly sentenced to death or long prison terms in Alabama for the alleged attacking of a white woman, Patterson now faces a 75 year prison term. Interesting was the court comment that “Justice Black took no pait in consideration and decision of this application.”
Are j ou paying your social security? Someone is. Since February 1926, social security for 20 million people has cost more than 230 million dollars. Security board reports that monthly allowances for elderly persons average $19.54, blind get $24.66, and families having dependants receive $30.74.
Running off 3 million unemployment questionnaires a day, government printers are working night and day to get 79 million blanks ready for distribution November 16, 17. Bearing the President’s personal message, these cards are designed to aid in making a complete census of the jobless.
Federal and state agents spent the week searching for bottles of the “Sulfanilamide Elixir,” deadly potion which caused the death of 48 persons. Sulfanilamide itself is a recognized curing agent for streptococcic infection, but the solvent used with it was diethylene glycol, a poison which in effect resembles bichloride of mercury, corrosive sublimate for which there is no antidote. Virtually all the elixir had been recovered and destroyed by Wednesday.
Dishwashing Machines . . . $20,779.60. Navy officials explained yesterday that this item in a list of naval purchases meant the end of a nautical nuisance—dish bathing in the line of duty—at least in several new cruisers and destroyers.
“Shucks, I jest got in there and shucked steady!” explained Albert Hensler, Howard county farmer, after winning the state corn-husking championship, Friday. His record for 80 minutes: 31.142 bushels, a poor Rowing in comparison to other years. All first six places in the corn stripping match went to representatives of counties situated in a small area bordering Tippecanoe county — Howard, Tippecanoe, Newton, Madison, Warren, and Benton counties.
Rising in favor is the National Republican Convention, ex-Presi-dent Herbert Hoover instigated recently. Party committeemen are meeting in Chicago this week to consider it. John Public heard Hoover call for “fusion of anti-Roosevelt forces” when he talked over a national radio network Tuesday night. Though continually in the public eye. Hoover has made it clear that he wants no public office. National Mixing a life-saving drug with a toxic solvent, Tennessee manufacturers flooded seven states with shipments of a wine colored “elixir of death” in the last month.
Western railroad companies Friday voted to boost their passenger fares. Hoping for an increase in yearly revenue of five million dollars they raised certain rates an average of a fourth of a cent per mile.
Acquitted Tuesday following trial on a seven-year-old robbery charge. Mystery Man of Golf John Montague, quickly signed a million dollar contract with Hollywood’s Paramount studios. Thursday, Movie Censor Will Hays complained of Montague’s notoriety, •with the result that Paramount has cancelled one picture assignment already. Officials are still uncertain as to whether he •will be entirely barred from pictures.
G-Men Thursday re'vived for use in the Ross kidnapping case a system for ransom banknote identification that was originally developed for use in the Lindbergh case. The system calls for planned, extensive searching campaigns in areas where notes are discovered.
Two more $10^ills from the ransom paid to kidnappers of Chicago Valentine-Maker/^Charles S. Ross turned up this week; one in Chicago, the other in an Indiana Harbor bank. G-Chief J. Edgar Hoover was reported on his way to Chicago Friday. War Defying efforts of Japanese troops to dislodge them, a Chinese “death squad,” cornered in a flour mill across from the sector of the International Settlement of Shanghai, grimly held out against Nipponese attacks all this week. Thursday, a Japanese tank, trying to capture this squad, nosed its way across the highway bridge over Soochow creek. Suddenly it turned its fire from the flour mill to a group of British infantrymen, who were helping Chinese refugees across the highway bridge. Bullets wounded a Chinese woman. Brigadier A. P. D. Tefler-Smollett, officer in charge of the Tommies, ordered his men to hold their fire as the tank fired a single burst. More Japanese troops started moving a battery of 75-millimeter guns to within 400 yards of the flour mill. Fires raged unchecked all week after Chinese troops were forced to retreat from the positions they held for six weeks against the best the Japanese army head of offer. Started by both sides, the Chinese to cover their retreat, the Japanese to route Chinese snipers, flames swept all north Shanghai. Opening a new drive to cut loyalist Spain in two parts, rebel forces massed in the Teruel area, which stretches south from the French border 80 miles east of Madrid. Foreign observers reported that red and gold (insurgent colors) flags were flying from some house tops in Madrid. In this same manner insurgent sympathizers signalled rebel officers that Gijon was about to surrender last week.
Foreign
Three setbacks dealt the Brussels nine-power conference on the Sino-Japanese conflict this week postponed the opening session from October 30 to November 3, and brought a private rebuff from America’s delegation on the issuance of invitations. Resignation of Belgium’s Premier Paul van Zeeland, also his loyal Cabinet, to fight charges of Fascist political enemies concerning the ad-
for engineers-
watch for the date on which Goodyear will run a public test on one of their products.
Peter Anderson Company
525 ALAl^AMA
24-HOUR SERVICE
PHONE 4048
A Radio
To Pass
Every student should follow the news by having his own radio in his room. Enjoy the latest programs with a new radio of superior clarity of tone and beauty. A simple twist of the dial and your room is flooded •with the latest dance melody. Why go out when you can enjoy the same treat at home.^
11 Tube Table Models $19.95 11 Tube Consoles $49.95 and up.
Free Hours
827-29 Main
C. B. K
LINKER OALES
Co(
827-29 Main
ministration of the National Bank of Belgium produced a governmental crisis, caused a four-day delay in starting the conference. Wednesday Japan’s emperof and cabinet politely rejected Belgium’s invitation to attend the nine-power parleys because they saw there “some connection with the League of Nations, which has already given moral support to China.” Germany followed Japan’s suit Thursday in declining to send conferees to Brussels. Yesterdqy it was learned the United States’ delegates had protested sending invitations to Germany and Soviet Russia until those nations had been sounded out privately whether they would attend.
“Germany mtist have colonies,” II Duce asserted. Declaring old peace treaties junked, he deftly warned Russia that “Bolshevism is to be wiped out of Europe.
Adding insult to injury, Japanese bombardment of an English outpost west of Shanghai killed three British soldiers, wounded three others Friday evening, tensed relations between the two nations further. Only last Sunday a British sentry was machine-gunned to death as he guarded one of John Bull’s defense posts in Shanghai. But while Britain debated action against Japan yesterday, the Tokyo Council on the Current Situation,” consisting of the Seiyukai political party and other important personages, unanimously adopted a resolution favoring a movement to sever diplomatic relations with Great Britain. The Council charged the British with complicating international relations in connection with the Far Eastern situation.
Thursday Premier Bejnito Mussolini welded solidly the “Rome-Berlin axis” about which wheels a gigantic fighting machine, powered by the fire and foi’ce of Italo-German dictators and disciplined by Nazi and Fascist militarism.
Shock and a broken rib'resulted for Mme. Chiang Kai-shek, Welles-ley-educated wife of the head of the ^Chinese government, eight days ago when blowout of a rear tire ditched her automobile. She was traveling between Nanking and Shanghai with her husband’s Australian advisor, W. H. Donald, and a Chinese officer. The press did not learn of the accident until Friday.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
WANTED—Student washings at reasonable price. Call for and deliver. Phone 75402.
Notices
Vh Kotices Aceeptad After t pM.
Christian Foundation Students: Tickets for Halloween skating party sponsored hy Purdue Christian Foundation, to be held October 30, are now on sale, Marshall Allman has charge of ticket sale. —ORISS. Engineer Subscribers: All subscribers who have not received October issue of the Purdue Engineer call 4006 before November 1. —ANDERSON.
vember 9, 7:66 p. m., tower room of the Union Building. —RASDELL.
Scabbard and Blade: Meeting of all pledges November 2, at 7:30 p. m. in the Armory. —AULL,
Animal Husbandry Club: Meeting November 2, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 118 of Agricultural Hall. —GOBBLE.
Union Sophomores: Our committees report to the music room October 81 at 3:45 p. m. —WOOD, CABONARGI.
Union Sophomores: Our committees report to the Memorial Union ballroom October 31 at 4 ;30 p. m. —CABONARGI, MASON.
Music Room: The music room radio will be tuned to the Philharmonic Orchestra program on October 31 at 2 p. m. All students are invited to listen. —WOOD.
WAA Cabin Leadership Course: First aid meeting will be held November 8, 7:1B p.m. at the Women’s Gym. —BWICK.
Purdue Sportswomen: Meeting October 31 at 8 a. m. at Miss Russell’s home. —TUBBS.
Co-ed Fencing; Meet on November 1 at 4 p. m. in Women’s Gym. —DANIEL.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held in room F of the Union Building at 7:30 p. m. November 2. —■WINTER.
ASME: Group picture for the 1988 Debris will be taken November 2, at 7 :40 p. m. in the tower room of the Memorial Union Building. All members are requested to be present. —WOLVERTON.
PIA Orchestra: Practice October 31 from 2 to 4 in tower room of Memorial Union Building. —SHINN.
PIA Social Committee: Meeting scheduled for October 31 at 2:30 p. m. has been can^ celled. —PARKHURST.
Happy Hollow Swingsters: Meet on first floor of Union October 31 at 4:30 p. m. —YOUNG.
Glider Club: ber 31.
Flight session all day Octo—IVlOORE.
AIChE: Student branch meeting in the reception room of the Union Building, November 2 at 7:30 p. m. —JACOBI.
PIA: Advanced dancing class meet in the ballroom at 4 p m instead of 7 :80 on November 1. —CLYMER.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Debris pietures, No-
ASME: Group picture of the ASME for the 1938 Debris will be taken Novanber 2 at 7:40 p. m. in the tower room of the Union. All members are requested to present. —WOLVERTON.
YWCA: Music group meeting November 2 in the YWCA office at 4 p. m. —ZUSSIN.
WAA Riflery; Practice November 1. At 6:16 p. m.. Ward 4; 7 p. m., Ward 1; 7:46 p. m., WRH North. —CHRISTENSON.
DAD! Don't Leive Wltbut Your Exponent Sybscription
Just as a reminder, we thought we’d call your attention to the Exponent. We don’t want you to forget anything, and especially not your contacts with Purdue. Follow the news, opinions, sports, society, and the many activities on the campus in the Exponent daily. A closer contact with Purdue is a closer contact with your son or daughter. Subscribe to the Exponent today — $3.50 until June. Deac’s Southworth’s, Union Desk^ or the Exponent office will take care of your subscription.
the p,
UBDUE Exponent
' -t
V