i-' W. ti i
r<K>
Ohio Sfdte, 46; Pit!', 6 N Vesfrern, 41; Wis., 0 Navy, 24; Peiiii, 7
Establtohed 1889
XpOHCHd. ™ It Starts Tomorrow
N. Dame, 26; Army, O' Illinois, 19; Iowa, 10 Michigan, 2$; Indiana; 6
Volume 56, No. 74
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, November 7, 1943
Boilermaker Grid Men Beat Minnesota 14 To 7
The Washington Merry-Go-Round By Drew Pearson ’ Experts Say Siberian , Bases Impossible; Mrs. Clark Sells War Bonds WASHINGTON—A lot of eyedust has been thrown up about Siberian bases, thanks to the Senate speech of Massachusetts’ young Cabot Lodge and his criticism of the Eussians for not giving them to us. However, here are the real facts about Siberian bases as set forth by highest U. S. military authorities. After the pilgrim Senators came back from their pilgrimage, they discussed Siberian bases with Chief of Staff General Marshall. He pointed out that it was largely a theoretical question, since we could not hold the bases even if the Eussians gave them to us. 'They would be tbb close to Japan, he pointed out, within easy bombing range and in an area where the Jap fleet was supreme. General Marshall expressed his opinion that we would not be able to hold Siberian bases for more than two weeks. What he did not say, but is apparent from the map, is that even if American troops could hold Siberian bases, they would have to be supplied largely from the United States, and the approaches by sea all are blocked by Japan. The Japanese islands lie along the Siberian coast like a blanket, and it would be impossible for any merchant ships to get anywhere near without coming up against the still potent might of the Jap navy. Mrs. Clark Kisses Buyer Mrs. Mark W. Clark, wife of thq general battling in Italy, tells a story of what happened to her during a recent bond campaign tour. The was addressing an open-air rally in the midwest, with an audience of several thousands. After her exhortation to buy bonds, an old farmer ambled up wearing overalls and a three-day beard stained with tobacco juice. ivtrs. Clark says, “He was anything but attractive, but he had a jolly twinkle in his eye.” “Hey, gal,” he said, “I’ll buy a $6,000 bond if you’ll give me a kiss.” Without batting an eyelash, Mrs. Clark replied, “if you’ll, buy a $10,000 bond, I’ll give you a kiss and throw in a hug to boot.” “I wouldn’t be a piker,” he shot back. And with that he wrote a check for $10,000. “And then,” adds Mrs. Clark, “he got his kiss—and a good square hug, too.” Tangled Dimout OSD officials are tearing their hair over the false impression created “by the official announcement that the dimout is “lifted”. In the first place, it isn’t lifted at all. It is merely suspended. If the submarine menace returns, cities in coastal areas will be expected to resume the dimout promptly. But this will be physically impossible after dimout facilities are torn out, as is being done in mdst coastal cities today. In New York City, for example, there are about 700,000 bulbs which have been treated with shading to dim the light. This project required weeks for installation, and will requii’e weeks for undoing. Yet the Navy expects the city to be able to dim out again in a hurry, if the submarines return. This will be impossible, for it will take another period of several weeks to install the dimout equipment. The decision to “lift” the dimout was made by the joint policy board of the Army and Navy. OCD officials were not consulted until just before the hand-out was given to the press. If they had had time to make changes, they would have insisted on substituting the word “suspended” for “lifted”. This would have prevented the impression that the dimout will never be used again. Also there is a false impression that lifting a dimout means lifting the blackout also. Actually, there is no connection between the two, for a dimout is confined to coastal aieas, to decrease the “sky-glow” which reveals ships to lui'king submarines. The blackout, on the other hand, is (See MERRY-GO-EOUNl^, page 2)
Sororities Begin Fall Rush Friday Preliminary registration for University coeds who are eligible to go through sorority^ rush will be held in the Union Friday, Janet Bahls, president of the Pan-Hellenic Council,
has announced.
The registration hours will be 10 a. m. to 4 p. m., and all rushees are expected to attend , ! a mass meeting in the Union ty -»■ ij | a at 4 p. m. Plans are being made r tyl\J / O iaOiu
for a party for transfer students in the Union Friday
evening. The rooms where these I ly%JUL^ functions will take place will be an- ^ i i # f
nounced in the Exponent later this
week by the council. "
The rest of the schedule for rush A1 Stewart, director of the Uniis as follows: Saturday, Nov. 13, versity musical organizations, anand Sunday, Nov. 14—teas at the nounced Friday that tryouts will be sorority houses. Tuesday, Nov. 16, i^eld this week for all students inWednesday, Nov. 17, and Thursday, terested in becoming members of Nov. 18—informal coke parties. A University musical organizations, formal dessert party on Thursday, including the University choir, glee
Nov. 18, will take the place of the club and orchestra,
formal preference dinners which gemi-term members will not be’ have been held in previous rushes. ..^q^ired to try out again for mem-
Pledging will take place Friday,
Nov. 19. others should call at the PMO
office on'the southwest side of the
AirCrSft LbI) Music Han between the hours of 8
Sends Representative To Interview Coeds
On Thursday, Friday and Saturday of this week there will be a representative from the Aircraft Radio Laboratory at the U. S. employment offices to interview coeds interested in training in aircraft radio. Those interested will receive 24 weeks of training in this field, during which they will be paid $146 a month. After this period of training the women will go to work for Aircraft Radio Laboratory at Wright Field, Dayton, Ohio. The girls will be paid $1620 a year plus overtime. The requirements for eligibility for this training are three years of high school and one year of college or the equivalent. One year of work in this field will do in place of the year in college. A candidate must have had either math, chemistry or physics. The training will begin on the 22d of this month. Murphy To Discuss Russian Relations At IRC Meeting
and 4:30 as soop as possible.
Beginning Monday, Nov. 8, rehearsals will follow the same schedule as during the semi-term. The University orchestra, under the direction of Joseph M. Ragains, will practice Monday at 4 p. m. and Thursday at 7 p. m. The Glee club will rehearse at 6:30 p. m. on Monday, and University choir will meet
on Tuesday afternoon at 4.
R, B. Stewart Leaves For St. Paul Meeting R. B. Stewart, University Controller, left the campus Thursday for St. Paul, Minn., where he Will check Army-Navy joint board of training unit contracts with the University of Minnesota. The board will meet in Washington at the end
of the month.
Besides Stewart, a University graduate, Blake VanLeer, is included on the board. A volume has recently been published for the Army and Navy listing the regulations under which the boards may oper-
ate.
E. I. Fiesenheiser . . . who received a bachelor of science degree in civil engineering from the University in 1930, was recently appointed a full-time instructor in mechanics at Illinois In-
stitute of Technology.
Russia will be the topic of discussion at the initial meeting of the International Relations Club for the
winter term. Prof. Charles Mur- ' phy will open the meeting by speak- . ^ r 9 n ing on “U. S. Relations with Rus- At LOStf ,Lt S PUSt sia. Past, Present and Future.” ,
Everybody is invited to attend this meeting in the lounge of the University Presbyterian church next Tuesday evening, Nov. 9, at 7:30. Besides giving the IRC important events of last week’s Moscow conference. Pres. Murphy will attempt to answer some of the following questions: Will we have to fear the rise of bolshevism; what countries will Russia annex; how much voice at the peace table and how is it possible for a democratic and dictatorship government to
work as a unit.
The IRC was founded by Dr. Cornelius Lanczos to offer thinking students a chance to express their thoughts. It is made up of faculty and townspeople as well as students. Membership is open and meetings are held every other Tues-
day.
Book Exchange Begins In Union Tomorrow At 10 Presided over by sophomore Union workers, the 16th annual Union book exchange will get under way for^ this term tomorrow morning at 10 in Room 267 of the Union, and will continue throughout the remainder of the week. The hours for the Exchange are 10 to 6 each day. Used books, in reasonably good condition, may be brought in until next Wednesday, and the owners will receive 75 per cent of the former purchasing price. For the first time in the history of the Exchange, books were brought in at the end of the precfeding semester; about 200 books, covering a variety of courses", were collected this way. Non-!l^rofit Project The Book Exchange, which is a non-profit project, is clerked by the sophomore workers and planned by the upper classmen. Chairmen were Bob Holmes, records; Roger Samuelson, publicity; Marillyn Hupp, room; Ginny Armstrong, personnel; Bette Lu Krudup, sales manager; Betty Cantley, buying manager, and Thompson, filing. The week following the book sales, from 1 to 5 p. m. each day, students may collect either their books dr money. Fire Causes Surprise Blackout In Lafayette, West Lafayette Friday Reason for last Friday night’s surpi’ise “blacl^out” was a short circuit in Lafayette’s power plant on North Fourth street; citizens were kept in the dark for over an hour when the plant’s main transformer burned out. A general alarm was turned in to the Fire Department when the “electric” fire started around 7 p. m.; the power was turned off in order to fight the fire, and the two Lafayettes were plunged into dark-
ness.
Only lights burning were the University campus lights, which operate from a different system, and bus and automobile headlights. Fire Under Control With the fire under control, authorities began turning the power back on; after a series of false starts, lights, fadios, refrigerators and electric clqcks finally returned to normal. Citizens then put away their candles and matches. Besides the inconvenience of no power, the fire was costly because of tfie loss of the transformer.
Playshop Announces Crew Callout Monday
Pass From Vacant! To DlmancheflGood For Winning Tally
By Jim Ackerman
Special, Minneapolis, Minne-
Students interested in any phase of dramatics should register at the Playshop office in Fowler Hall immediately, according to Carl Cass, director of Playshop. Registration will con-
sist of making out a card which will be kept on permanent file sota—In a steady downpour of so long as the individual student will remaip at the University snow, before a crowd of 45,000 ^ and retain his interest in Play- homecoming fans, and in the
shop. The Playshop office is last minute of the ball game, open Monday through Friday the mighty Boilermaker eleven between 1 and 5 p. m. nosed out a determined MinnePhases of Playshop activity sota football team 14 to 7 in the include: Acting, designing, paint- Gopher Stadium yesterday after-
ing, pi-ops, stage lighting, business and advertising, costumes, stage
make-up and scenery.
„ . . ■ Acting tryouts are scheduled for Qualification tests for the Army tomorrow and Tuesday in the after-
noons and evenings. Any student interested in acting must try out
before his registration will be con- Tie Score At Half
sidered complete. Those wishing to After the first half the score was try out may obtain a tryout sheet tied, 7 to 7, and looked to the many
fans that this' would be the final count as neither team could push Results of the tryouts are recorded on the registration cards and be-
Knapp To Give ASTP, V-J2 Tests Tuesday
Specialized Training Program and the Navy College Program "^^-12, the second of its type, will be given throughout the country this Tuesday. Dr. H. H. Remmers has an-
nounced that the test will be given at the Vlayshop'office and'”mak'e' at the University and the local h^gh appointment foi- a tryout
schools.
General information and an ad-
mission-identification form can be come part of the permanent records,
obtained from Dean W. A. Knapp in the Executive Building of the
noon. With but 38 seconds remaining in the game and the score tied, 7 to 7, Sam Vacanti hurled a pass into the end zone where it was caught by Babe Dimancheff for the
over a winning tally. Once Minnesota threatened the Boilermakers* goal but they were turned back. With a minute to play and the ball in the possession of Minnesota on
Definite interest and an ability to learn is all that is expected of a
University. This form properly student. No previous experience is their own 20 yard line, it looked to filled out will admit to ihe test stu- necessary and anyone is equally the Minnesota rooters that the Godents between the ages of 17 and eligible to work on a production. phe,^,s y^ad upset a favored Riveter 21 inclusive who are recent high «The Pursuit of Happiness,” team and tied the unbeaten eleven school graduates or who will be “Philadelphia Story,” “My Sister However, they forgot about a Boilgraduated by March, 1944. Intent Eileen” and “Blithe Spirit” are the ermaker linesman, Mike Kasap. On to take the test should be made plays to be presented in the 1943-44 the important play, Peterson, the known immediately to Dean Knapp season. Rehearsal will begin im- Gopher quarterback attempted to
or the Personnel Office in order that mediately on the first production,
the necessary test supplies may be
ordered.
The same examination will be taken by both Army and Navy candidates. The examination is designed to test the aptitude and general knowledge required for the program of college training and all qualified students are urged to take
the test.
State Cattle Feeders To Hold Annual Fall Meeting At University
Schenk, Strickland, Hockema Speak Here At Parents' Institute
kick, only to fumble, the fumble be-
ing recovered b^ Kasap.
Vacanti, Dimancheff Pass Good Then Coach Elmer Burnham sent Charlie Haag into the ball game at end. With 43 seconds to play Vacanti tried a pass into the flats to Haag, but Vacanti’s pass was short. Now there was 38 seconds to play, the Boilermakers were on the Gopher 19 yard marker. Vacanti took the ball from his position at the T-for-
Registration Furnishes Usual Problems, Woes
On Friday, Nov. 19, the Indiana Cattle Feeders’ Association will
hold its annual fall meeting in the mation and ran the b^H back to the Livestock Judging Pavilion of the thirty yard line and then heaved the University. Paul Thompson, presi- pigskin across the goal line into the dent of the association, will preside end zone to Dimancheff who scored and has arranged a program deal- the winning touchdown. Then for ing with the adjustments in the cat- good measure Dubicki kicked the ex-
tle business due to government reg- tra point.
Illations and price ceilings. Thomp- Because there were not enough
Two-day session of the Parents’ son has been attending meetings g^.^un^s keepers at the Minnesota
. ... government officials and the stadium, the tarpaulins for the field
War Meat Board and will give a re-
port of his findings.
H. M. Conway, market analyst for the NSftional Livestock Producer and an authority on livestock
justments in families, schools and economics, will discuss the effect of communities. price ceilings on the livestock inDr. Rufh Strickland of Indiana dustry. Conway has made many University explained the provisions contacts in the cattle feeding in-
of the Lanham act which makes dustry, and it is expected that he caller had his passes either too Tong
funds available for nurseries and will clarify the situation of the cat- short,
school age centers to care for- chil- tie feeding industry today, dren of war workers. Scott Meiks, manager of the InLibrary Need Emphasized dianapolis Producer’s Commission The need of a basic family library Association, will discuss the prob-
lem from the standpoint of the live-
stock markets. He has had experi- the goal line foi the first score. The
of the dietetics department, pointed ence as a manager of a selling drive'was headed by “Bumps” Elliot, out the importance of nutrition and agency and is able to explain how the freshman marine fullback who warned against nutritional de- the markets operate under new took Tony Butkevich’s place, and
Institute, attended by approximately 200 persons, was held at the
University Nov. 3 and 4.
This series of meetings brought to the attention of those in attendance the problems of wartime ad-
was emphasized by Miss Rachel Schenk. Dr. Cecilia Schuck, head
were not put down. Since there was snow throughout the day this made the field very wet and thus hindered the Boilermaker running attack. The Riveter passing attack was nil as the only aerial that Vacanti completed was the final one which was good for the winning tally. All during the game the Riveter’s signal
Elliot Plunges For First Score Early in the first period the Boilermakers started a drive from their own 40 on down the field and over
Exponent Editorial And Sports Staffs All juniors will report to staff meeting at 8 p. m., Tuesday, Nov. 9, in Exponent office. Seniors will report at 7 with information assigned.
By Dan Margolis
Accompanied by the usual confusion and clamor, registration for the full length fall term began Friday morning and continued through yesteillay in the Armory amidst the roped byways and highways and sprawling de.sks and chairs. t Supplementing the number. of civilian eds and coeds involved, hundreds of service men added to the chaos as registration for the V-12 and ASTP courses was alsb
held.
Experienced hands, having been through the turmoil au^ red tape before, managed to glide through the registration period practically unhindered, while bewildered freshmen seemed ready to give up and go Lome midway between class slips and “railroad tickets.”
Navy Code Confusing
Much of the confusion new to this registration seemed to result from the relettering of the catalogue
courses with the navy code. After awhile, however, when both registrants and registrars became familiar with the navy system of lettering, this difficulty subsided. A bit of the old pre-war dash and glamor was added to the occasion with the hawking of the Exponent, the Engineer and the Debris at the door leading out of the Armory. Lacking, ^however, were the usual signs uiging both new and old students to sign up for activities. Another-Semester, Another Chance In evidence throughout the registration period was some of the old thrill of returning to the University and beginning anew after a vacation. Even the harassed professors, bleary-eyed after the day’s work as registrars, seomed rested enough to begin again, although the general concensus of opinion was that it would be beneficial to all if a twomonth vacation could be had.
ficiency diseases. Executive Dean government regulations
Prank C. Hockema foretold a continuance of present university services in the post-ward period. He believes that colleges will operate continuously with shortened vaca-
tions.
Another institute will be held next year at the University. The institute was founded ^ly Dean
National Nursing Council Associate To Visit Campus Tomorrow And Tuesday
Sam Vacanti. With third down and four yards to go for the touchdown. Babe Dimancheff* plunged thru to the one yard line. Then Elliot proceeded to plow over the right tackle for the six-marker. Dubicki kicked the extra point to give the Boilermakers a seven point margin, after
eight minutes of play.
Then came the second quarter.
Mrs. Mary Taylor Swoboda, rep
Mary L. Matthews of the School of resenting the National Nursing Once in this half the Gophers threatHome Economics, and has since Council Department of War Service ened, only to have a pass inter-
been a joint project of the congress in New York City, will be on the
and the University. AIME Meeting Will Show Colored Film An organization meeting, including the showing of a film, will be held Tuesday, Nov. 9, at 7:30 p. nfi., by the American Institute of Metallurgical and Mining Engineers. It will take place at 7:30 p. m. in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union. The meeting, which will be brief, will folio \v the sound-technicolor motion picture entitled “Steel for the Ages.” Anyone who wishes may attend; freshmen interested in metallurgical engineering are especially urged to come.
campus Monday and Tuesday to interview womeri who might be interested in belonging to the United States Cadet Nurse Corps. Mrs. Swoboda will speak on nursing for
celited. Avery and Williams, two members of the Gopher backfield placed the oval on the Riveter 13 yard line. Then Minnesota elected to pass. The pass sailed into the end zone only to be intercepted by Elliot
the emergency on Monday at 4 in who touched the ball to the ground room 263 of the Union building. and gave the Boilermakers the ball
Over 2,000 new nurses per month on their own 20 yard stripe. are needed for the army and civil- . ^ t.- n-
. ... Avery Scores h or Minnesota lan uses. All tuition is paid by the
government for those studving to the ball in the possession of be nurses in the U. S. Cadet Nurse Minnesota on the Riveter 44 yard Corps. For special interviews with Montcrief started through cenMrs. Swoboda call the Placement Avery, the Service for Women. ^^‘^^back, picked .up the fum-
ble and romped down the sideline for 36 yard and the Gopher tally, Peterson, the quarterback, kicked the extra point and tied the score with two minutes of the half remaining. i
Ad Staff
Meeting Tuesday night. Every-
body be there! —C. GAUNT.■i <( *?
rgii
4*^
% J ♦isk}
'}i-
PagB 2
Purdue Exponent
Sunday, November 7, 1943
PurdueJExponert SofOf/fy Rush . . .
rditoT ^ Elli*? Murphv
M^naircr Mnrj Dilts Editov* ^VI^hftm Tvson
Matiaf^inK Editor Caroljn WiJhnr SportH Editor^ Uav Smith Russell Lipcs
Stiff for Thw I'^suc
Mffht Editor Richardson Cifv Editor A!)l ett Da\ Editor Riffffs Sports hditor Ackerman fssiie Editor Bn>ncs Reporters \ i rpcr C ore on Riicto I Richard (1 Ganett Maiffohi> hnlcrcd *is «ieco7 1 class matter at the jiost otTice 11 1 afa tto In 1 11 i ler the act of roTijL.r s f Alarcl I 18 an 1 at the SI cial rate f ) o«t u Pi vide! f i i sc tioii 110*^ act of Ott I 1 I 1)1 a th r 7 *d Tamarj i I il h h 1 on T e d Tin r d i an I Sat irda\ i on injrs 1 i me the ar 0X0 pt coita n \ i it ]ti 1 Dc liv 1 d daih Iv cirrcr foi fins n cst I ^ nail f i *^1 ) 0 f i as me t r S bscnvt IS ma\ le 1 tain d 1 1h Expo nent off c r at the V\c I Do 1 of the IJi i
Five mcml ei s of Kapp i K ippa G \mma it L ot lews aie now piivileged to wen the bulge of the 1 u 1)) (Icii hn it 0 give c ich othei the tl^h^ I 111! hill c-iid to gieet eitli othci w)ih the lallying tij c VC 1 ten du il ed Tilt duni mg tool pi ice at the 111 t miti ton ceiemony of the Doi^hiut Sitielv nigh—01 i athei m—littlcfield Memoiial Fount un Tilt ocicti w IS founded is i file t cll lint fti tom K ipp i sen 101 the doughnut societv has ad |o lined un d the end ot the wintei '-emestei \t tint time new mcm 1 w ill 1 0 launched —F P— The ol the Univeisil of 1 01 onto (ileis the following pieces 0 cmnii cc sts The hi t 1-^ ihont in impetuous it How ^1 0 n t 1 1 ot too distant past or the 111 bv team who loaied till oiigh th 1( cl Cl 1 c om at the s line Slice 1 h( 1 ^ aw t 1 dov\ n the hel 1 A custom cl the ioionto Univei s tc offiei il s TO (h i n the swim 1111 ^ po il 11 i the oug tie ining e\ei V tall i it the gen il nmi m cu i scoveied this tl t ha I 1 w u C on iiu ni iio n a he ivy i lactice t i V o le lutumn he ^ ilumphed thiougl ihe loci ei looni thiowing cl lugbN eciuipment m ill diiec lions a cecl loci-cis cpiiv ltd toi le 1 of Ills impact Joio then levelled n to i supeichaioei spiint foi the pool made a tiicl S cuive lea] t 10 the spiingboaid and thun dcied off the en 1 It w is it this point thai he disco\eied the lu tun n il judcliet loi theie was no watei betwc'^n him inci the bottom 01 th pcol Gi ivitv set in i id the It c tl a 1 ed to the I ottom ol the I o jl
In fite mo e days, thai most important period in many a coed’s life ttid be undei way This coming event is sorority lush To the fieshmen, it is the occasion that they have beeP looking foiwaid to e\er since they fiist diearned about going to college To the soioiity giils, it is that semesterly affair which IS befo c them once moie, bunging with it headaches and disappointmc its Pan Hell C luncil has been busily at work tiying to iron out difficulties, c en so, many pioblems remain The whole system of uish IS ai unnatuial one, >ei this unnatuial condition can piobably be i holly lemedied In asking' noiity giils lust what it is that they dislike about lush, they ii aiiably leply, it is not ]ust one thing, it is the
entile set up
Foi install c, foi a peiiod of two weeks befoie the start of lush no soio ity giil can speak to any tieshman or upperclass gill, who IS g mg through rush, even if the lushee is the sister of the SOI on y giil This alone lesults in an unnatuial situation Double latiiig with a soroiity girl or fixing up a date for a fieshman n also banned by the rush lules Maybe these rules, which lesult i uiinaturaliiess between all concerned, are necessaiy, yet, at times, they seem to have too much stiess layed
upon them
Then theic is always a certain amount of dirty rush, for example, tho e pai ties at different lestaurants These pai ties and othei su h piactices lesult in $25 fines, but some of the soioiities sec n to have the $25 to pay Pei haps a punishment of a slightly c fferent nature would be moie effective One suggestion was hat the offending soroiity be restricted m the nurabei of gnls that they pledge, oi peihaps not be allowed to cntei into open lush Theie aie iiaiiy lules s uaidiiig against dirty lush by the soioiity gills It seems odd that the “Alums” aie not lestricted in the amount ox pie soioiity piessuie t^pplied on the lushees Rush season opens with two days of teas The lushce is told to visit four houses each night With the present set-up, a laige group of girls may stick togethei, causing one house to be inched with gals while anothei soiority is expeiiencmg a complete lull Less coiilusioii might lesult if the rnshees w cie scheduled to be piesent at definite times With a schedule the ‘■oioritv gals have a bettci oppoitunity to get acquainted with the gals and to lemembci the gals when they aie discussed latei m the exening Theie aie a few gals who have been attending extension ‘schools They ha\e the collect numbci of credits to be eligible loi 1 ush yet thex ai e not allowed to go thi ough until they have attended the Umxcisity toi a semestei By the time they will be able to sj oit ‘^oioiily pais, they xxill be stale luruors One soioiity lequaing the gals in then house to cut their ) o’clock classes duimg the days the ‘ coke ’ parties are scheduled rfiough sleep is lost and enough study time is saciified without finding it necessaiy to cut classes Changing conditions and continually aiismg exceptions to the lilies make it necessaiy to lexise existing laws As long as theie is a Pan Hell Council, it might as well be an active council xvhich xxill change legulations to meet changing condi-
Personn^^ |j[ot?s Companies scheduled to visit the
campus;
Merck An^ Co, Rahway, N J — November 11 Interested in Ch E , Chemists, (B S , M S , Ph D ) Lockheed Vega An craft Coipoiation, Burbank, Calif —Novembei 15 Inteiested m ME,AE, EE, CE The Lukas Harold Corporation, Indianapolis,Ind —To be announced Inteiested in M S , E E Hamilton Standaid Propellers, Division of United Aircraft Corp, E Haitford, Conn—To be an nounced Interested in ME, A E , EE, CE , Union Oil of California, Los An geles, Calif —To be announced In teiested in PhD chemists, BS, MS, Ph D chemical engineeis Ihe Texas Company, New Voik, N Y —To be announced Intelest ed in Cb E M E , B S chemists (male and fenlale), MS, PhD chemists (organic, physical) Piacement Notes For Women Mis Maiy Tayloi Swoboda, a lepiesentative of the National Nuising Council foi Wai Seivice, New Yoik City will be on the cam pus Monday and Tuesday Novem bei 8 and 9 On Monday at 4 in Room 263 of the Union she is to speak to all inteiested women stu dents concerning oppoitunities in the United States Cadet Nuise Coips All inteiested women aie uiged to attend Individual ap
Merry-Go-Round (Continued froih page 1) solely foi protection ag^^mst an laids In the fa,ce of this confusion ,th9 best that OOD can hope is that sub* marines will not leappear to catch us without dimout facilities All’s Well A minor slip occurred at the Navy Day dmnei which nearly had inteinational repeicussions Representa tive Wadsworth of New Yoik, fo»mei GOP Senatoi and stauftch champion of FDR’s foieign policies, was intioducing all foreign j^mhas sadors and military-naval attadhes to the distinguished dinner assem blage Beside him, Royce Powell, who leally made the Navy Dinner click, was checking off the list of foreign visitors for Wadsworth, so none could be missed Foi one biief inteival, Powell was called away fiom the speakei’s dais, during which Repiesentative Wadsworth some* how skipped the Russian delega-
tion
Eveiy othei country piesent was introduced, but not the Russians A few people, noticing the omission, began to wonder whethei it was delibei ate Then Powell realized what had happened, nudged Wadsworth pointments may be made by calling the Placement Seivice for Women —2955 The Aimy requires 2000 trained nuises every month for military and home front duties The United States is offering opportunity to gills to tram with minimum cost to themselves as cadet nuises
Belatedly but fulsomely he introduced the Russians The applause was terrific, so terrific that 4nost people thought Wadsworth purposely had saved the Russians as a ehntax Anyway the Russians went away pleased, happy Red Tape Enemy An official of the War Pioduction Board pushed back his chair and stared at something on his desk It was a little slip, stapled to a letter He had seen slips like that a thou sand times, but this time, he had an
idea
The slip presented a digest of the letter, with the naAne of the sender, dates, etc With its carbon paper and quadruplicate copies, it is known in thousands of government offices as the “control slip ” But this official, James A Barr of WPB’s War Utilities Office, re fleeted that control slips do not con tiol Each peison who handles the letter—whethei itdeseives handling
or not—is supposed to make notations on the control slip, teat Off ^rte slip, route it back to files, and prac* tically piay a game of aolit^ire before he ban get nd of the isttiff The system is so complicated it bleaks doWn, but it’s patt ai. that precious institution known as government red tape Ban began to do some figuring If control slips coUld be diecatdpd, be figured that 11 WPB efnjlioj^efes could be dispensed with at a total salary of $20,000 q year OJ;her casts bi ought the total to $60,000, And that was in only dne branch of Otte agency of the govei-nment > Result of Ban’s inspnation was a memo recommending that control slips be abandoned m that bianch The memo was approved, and the slips have been abandoned Noiv, if a letter has to be located, clerks spend their time lookings for thd lettei, instead ol looking for the control slip
/>
tions It IS an important ]ob that confionts the council For the benefit of the girls concerned, the council should make a special effort to make amends whenever the need arises
LEARN TO DANCE ADULT BEGINNER S CLASS OPENS Wed , Dec 1, 7 30 P M ADVANCED CLASS Thurs , Dec 2, 7 30 P M Adult Tap Claosps Precede Ballroom Classes CHILDREN S CLASSES DEC 4th
ALLEN’S
6lh & Ferry
TODAY and TOMORROW
0 HAL B WALLIS PRODUCTION Wr ffen and Directed by NORMAW KRASNA NOW PIAVINO
PLHDUE PLAYSHDP pi esents 1943-44 SEASDM Foui Bioadway Hits; Pill suit of Happiness—Dec. 9, 10, 11 Philadelphia Stoiy—Feh. 11, 12, 1.T My Sistei Eileen—March 31, Apiil 1, 2 Blithe Spirit—June 1, 2, 3 Season Coupon Books on Sale at Eliza Fowlei Hall. All four shows for $1.50.
n
Deliver your freshly cleaned dress on a nail? Really, it's almost that bad! Wire hangers aren’t being made any more Please send garments to us on han^ets so we can deliver them to you that way.
V^’
TO MAKE A CtirERFVL LITTIE ERA TV LI ^ THE TOP MVbICAL TRIUMPH OF THEM ALL ’
BEIK eRlBLEW
BUD
LOU
GINNy SMS PATRIC KNOWLES ^ tlYSE KNOX ^ /p’ JOHNNY LONG f I / and His Orchestra ■ lldi “ j j Ol WIII) lie iiu III SOsmrt u u 50
FLOISHEIM SHOES
insulated Protects the feet from temperature extremes
The Florsheira answer to wartime conservation . . . soles especially developed to outlast leather. Try a parr of Tlorsheims toijay—with Flexcel Soles—and pass up your next shoe ration stamp Alas/ StyUi HO” ant/ *11
IMATERPROOF Protects your health lOMGBR WBARINO Klips your feet dry all Saves materials vital to d ly every day our war effort
X-RAY FITTINGS
A. B. C Shoe COv, Inc.
406 Main Si.
When you want long wear c iJ luxury too, you usually buy two coos Bef A^pogoro- d ffeianf You pay out once, Alpagora pays off twice Tho reason lies in Alpagora's spe rial fabric Because it has twice as many wool fibres on Its surface as the average textile experts call it "DoubleDenso" And because of this double density, it is far richer looking and far longer wearing too It's double value for your money •heo u s pat off tne topcoat... ^32^° the overcoat... *37^° ^uJliotA. Inc.lAir Field M After OSU Mall St^r
^rmXf I^avy^ Marme Mews Service MJ^n, By Service ^en
* Columbus, O—-The name of Cap t^in Don Scott, Qhkt State football stfir of 1938-40, 'will be perpetuated
Scott l^illed in October'
■ X . i - - Captain Scott died in a crash Oc
in th»-Uirit«rsity'b>new 4Qft a<^e air j p^j^^ing a bomber ovei f ^ ” England Scott was a triple-threat ^ Ohio State’s board of trustees has quartetrback on three Ohio State
to^ name the? new field Don elevens, ’38, ’39 and ’40 In 1939
$0o%i^ Airpbrt, honoimg the young the Buelteyes won the Western Con |U ^ -^my 4>>®f^orce captain who feience title Don’s best game was
tl^e linlvcbiity’s one iitmdiedth the one with Minnesota, when he tb' his life in thiew thiee touchdown passes and
*- * )i 3 kicked two extra points
I T^fst wm nfe tha second Columbus In all, during his varsity football ti4%eiittthe nbiine <tf aniOhio career he scoxed 11 touchdowns and The wthbr ib.Ndrton kicked 27 extra points He played *>iA4(ined fetiidPiCff 'W'^ Noiton guard in basltetball put the shot in |boti6hll, Wi^he^all slM baseball tiack He withdrew from school St^,l%ttti difed hfctPrande' July 23, in 1941 to enlist ih the Air Colps ail woutid^ireceivad' ih aerial Although he lost his life ih a tram cp^bat/ ^11 1 ing flight he had been credited with
■iisteic
Don disappoint Your Pin Oirl! Insure Delivery By Ordering Her Christmas ^iff NOW!
Burr, Batterson & Aul4 Co. lEWELERS AT ptAiiiuE U3 Norfh\i^(«tii ‘ 10:00 -1:30 ' 2.00-5:00
W. J. hAcCarter ’21, graduate in electrical en gmeering and general manager of the Cleveland Transit System, has written a feature article appearing in the curient issue of “Passenger Tianspoit,” a publication of the Ameiican Txansit Association The article outlines a new and impioved street transportation system fox
Cleveland
nine operational missions over Eu
xope
New Airport for USO With two buildings, a hangai and a shops, already completed, Ohio State’s airport is row used by the U S Navy fox the txaining of air cadets Bids have been asked on additional building units High officials of government and aviation industxy, with Mrs Scott and baby Don, will participate in the foxmal dedication next spring TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
MAKE MILLER'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS Records (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest hits) Instruments and Accessories Instrument Repairing MILLER MUSIC CO514 Mam Lafayette Phone 7917
i ir4 \ f, Indiana Beats OSU By Pennies, Says Pihos, UotOfSier Bnd Bloopiington, Ind—They’ie saying around here that it was a penny that brought Indiana a last minute 20 14 victoxy over Ohio State at Columbus last Saturda;^^ In the final round, after State had lecovexed an Indiana fumble and 1 oared down the field to score its second touchdown and thexeby lead the Hoosieis, 14 13, Pete Pihos, Cximson end, spied a coppei on the gxidiron Pete, who had fumbled the ball ^hat started the second Ohio touchdown dxive lan to the Indiana bench and gave the penny to Coach Alvin (Bo) McMillin, saying “This is for Jpck Ddn’twoixy,
coach ”
Of couxse, that boy Hoexnsche meyex had something to do with the Indiana victoxy, but the penny will go into a fxame and hang in Me Millm’s office anyway. Staff Members Wave Bowes and E E Clanin of the Division of Education and Applied Psychology axe co authoxs of the publication on teaching of home gardening in Indiana high schools which was lecently pub lished by the State Department of Instruction, and is being distxibuted to the high schools of the state Try An Exponent Classified’
Grandstand Echoes By Russ Lipes Editor’s Note Today’s column was written by associate sports editor, Jim Ackerman
Pam $
Faculty Bowlingj I eague Standings
BUTKOVICH BREAKS RECORD If Tony Butkovich could have finished the season with the Boileimakers moie thap one xecoxd would have fallen When Tony bioke the record of 72 points with his total of 78 last weeje against the Badgeis he broke a record which has stood since 1922 and which took five Big Ten games to make In 1940 Tom Harmon was the sensation when he made 117 points and the year before he made 102 These xecoxd number of points were scored when Michigan was playing from six to eight confeience games If Butkovich could have finished the season and averaged in the last two games what he did in the first four he would have garnered for himself the impressive Ijotal of 117 the same amount Harmon scoied in his senior
year ,
BURNHAM NAMES BARWEGEN CAPTAIN Coach Elmer Burnham announced that Junior Dick Baxwegen would captain the football team fox the xei,naiixdex of the season after the loss of the two CO captains Agase and Gems Dick deserves this honox moi than most of the others on the team, as he is the only star fiom last year’s team who is still playing fox the Riveters Even with the poor showing of last year s eleven Baxwegen was the inspiration fox future lineup as he consistently broke up the opposing team s line
INTRAMURAL BASKETBALL STARTS
Stalling this coming Tuesday night at 7 fraternities will have a chance to begin practice for the intramural basketball league Chief Clevitt of the Intramural Department said that already 32 navy electiiciap’s mate teams had begun to practice along with 32 ASTP teams The navy V 12’& also expect to enter about 24 quintets while the ROTC will have several teams entered too This makes for one of the largest basketball turn
outs that this school has ever seen
CHIT PER CHATTER One of the largest crowds of the season was expected to turn out for the Boilermaker Gopher clash at Minneapolis yesterday Two weeks be fore the game 30 000 tickets had been sold and 40 000 were expected for the game weather permitting In the last game of the season two Boilermakers Stan Dubicki and Herb Hoffman will see action against their home schools Both men had transferred from Shurtleff College m Alton 111 last spring and had practiced with the Hoosieis m that term At the end of the semester the Marines transferred both gridiron men to the Riveter campus Illinois two Eddies Bray and McGovern are among the smallest backs nr the confeience 151 and 165 pounds yet they hold high rank in rushing gains
FRESHMAN—Get Your Living Quarters in Shape— Edgerton Hardware E W. VanMeter, Pres. Phone 4354 W. Lafayette
yOl/’LL SING THE PRAISES OF tan HeosjBn Shirk with the famous Van Heusen Collar attached
fEUS LIKE A HALO —and yust as neat Can t wilt, can’t wrinkle, stays fresh without starch That’s real coHfiir comfort with the Van Heusen Shirt’
X
IC'
SMOOTH AS A CHERUB S CHEEK this collar’s woven — not just sewed — to fit the human neck Woven in one piece with no lining to buckle /VC
H ere are our new Van Heusens —and they re honeys' In addition to the famous Van Heusen collar attached (no other shirt has a collar Itke it')—they re real examples of the shirtmaker’s art Quality materials, skillfully tailored cut to fit your
tAUNDERS lIKE^IlN UllOEl-even the collar s' foldline iS wbVen in, can’t be ironed wrong Van Heusen Shirts are Sanforized and laundry-testled toot figurer but with action room at shoulders, elbows, armholes Sanforized for lasting fit. || If you want tl^e heavenly comfort of a smooth-fitting collar, day-long neatness without starch, and a top-notch shirt—come m and see our Van Heusens 1
c&fo Men’s Shop — Street Floor
V-MAIL WITH PARKER QUINK "Micro-film Black” Qumk, while it is ideal for every use, has been especially created to make each word m your V-MaiJ[ letters leadable. Intensely black ... it photographs perfectly. Contams solv-x to safeguard yom fine pen, now that new pens and even repair parts are scarcei' Soh) X IB M secret lrlgi(edi^t developed by Parker scientists. Qumk la the only ink m the world containing solv x. Magic solv x dissolves away gum and sediment left by inferior inks—actually cleans your pen as it writes ’ Solv X also helps prevent corrosion »< metal parts and rubber rot mevitably caused by inks highly acid Safeguard your ^ fine pen today. Flush and fill it with brilliant, smooth writing Parker Qumk—tha only mk contammg pen protective seUx-iti PARKER QW/MC . THE onlV ink containino
Keep Writing to Your Man Overseas— THRIFTY 4 OZ. BOTTLE OF QUIHK25C 2 02. BOTTLE OF QUINK SsC 12 SHEETS V-MAIL STATIONERY IOC 24 SHEETS VMAI^ STATIONERY 25C 48 SHEETS V-MAIL STATIONERY 50C
Decker s Inc.
518-20 Main Sf.
Phone 5036
W
L
Animal Hush
14
4
Agr Extension
IS
5
Mech Engr I
12
0
Poultry
12
6
General Engr
11
7
Agi Chem ll
11
7
Dairy
11
7
Agi onomy
11
7
Agr Exp Sta
11
7
Army II
11
7
General Stores
11
7
Naval Tr Schotfl"
10
8
Elec Engr
10
8
Physics
9
9
Recitation
9
9
Executive
9
9
Hoiticulture
8
10
Chemistiy I
8
10
Agr Engl
8
10
Army I
8
10
Chemistry II
8
10
Pharmacy
8
10
Agr Chem I
8
10
Biology
8
10
Civil Engr
7
11
English
7
11
Chem Engl
6
12
Mech Engl II
6
12
Forestry
6
12
Physical Plant
6
12
Agr Chem III
6
12
Radio Engl
5
13
High Team Sets Agr Chem III 2750, Elec Engi, 2748, English, 2723, Executive, 2714 High Ind Sets Liskey 578, Seal, 559, W. L. Clark 557, Sprague, 552 High Team Games Agr Chem III, 964, Executive, 956, Poultry, 955, Elec Engr 952 High Ind Games Liskey 236, Sprague, 217, Wykoff, 209, Beers 208 High learn Sets To Date General Engr , 2880 Elec Engr, 2816 Recitation 2801, Executive, 2797 High learn Games To Date Agr Chem I 997 Physics 995, Agr Chem II 994 General Engr, 974 High Weekly Ind Sets To Date Liskey 613, Elhkei 608, Frost, 608 Culp 594 High Ind 4Lverages, Nine Games Liskey 178 Frost, 176, Lehker, 175 Hoefei, 174, Culp, 174, W L Clark 174, Enfield 173, Henderson, 173 Seal 172, G L Brown, 169, Elhkei 168 Walkey, 168, Haver camp, 168, Almquist 167, Beers, 167, H N Johnson, 166 Ohio State keleas^s Air Transportatiori Curriculum Plaps Ohio State University has announced a new cuiiicalum in air transportation management, effective immediately This action follows the announcement of a euiTi culuni m aeronautical engineering, the creation of a new depaitment of aeronautical engineering, and the erection of the first hangar on their new 400 acre airport Dr Harold H Maynard, chairman of the depaitment of business organization has given the details for. the courses and emphasised the opportunities for women a!S well as men in the field The main course IS based on two years of undergraduate work in the commerce college with specialization in the field of an transportation during the last two years Hirsch Leads Wolvf^i|| Team With Sixty Pguifs Not since Tom Harmon’s senior year in 1940 has a Michigan football player stored more than 48 pomts^ in one season but Halfback Ehroy (Crazy Legs) Hirsch has already surpassed that mark in six games and his three contests left rn which to improve upon it In both 1941 and 1942 the highscoring Wolverine had 48 points In 1941 it w IS Tom Kuzma Last season it was Paul White this fall's captain who this week was transferred to Pams Island for Bfanhe offitet training Hirsch has passed the mark with ten touchdowns and has scored against ill opponents except Notre Dame However Hirsch has a long way to go to match Harmon s best year lorn rolled up 117 points in his final season liter counting 102 as a junior and 18 his hist year ioi a threesc rsoir tot il ol 237
Notice^
W \ \ C ui c 1 mw-tint, fuet-day at 4 p m WA\ tti t Important -BRACKMAN (.old Peppers All Goli Peppers and Gold Pel per pi lues meet m the AWS qfflee at & I ra Monday Compulsory t _ ^ - WbOGL Chriatian Scienvo Omanuatiun Regular mo tint, to be held m the ls«j»t Paeully I UI sre II -sdai Noeember » t '' HU « m c-SCHWANOTCapt. Jarman Tdls Of Action In Guadalcanal
Capt. James T. Jannan has just returned to Moore Field after ihore than a year’s service overseas in the western theater of operations. Jarman attended the University before his ^ enlistment as an Air Corps cadet. After a tour of duty as a fighter pilot at several fields, he was sent overseas six weeks after Pearl Harbor. Besides the'Coral Sea battle, Jarman also took part in the fifth battle of Guadalcanal. Narrowest Escape One night when he and hi.s friends were eating in the mess hall, Jarman said, a. Jap plane came overhead. He had apparently followed one of their own planes to the field. In a moment they heard the familiar whine of the descending bombs. “We fell flat on the floor just as the bombs hit. Everything shook. When our ‘pal’ had gone, we went outside and paced the distance between the craters his bombs had caused. Between the first two there was 60 yards. Between the second and third craters there was twice the distance, apparently caused by a faulty bomb rack. Had the third egg fallen, as it should have, it would have landed in the middle of the mess hall. I believe that was the narrowest escape I ever had.” ■ A difference could be noticed, Jarman revealed, in the efficiency of the eneipy pilots. “When we fil’st arrived,” he revealed,“they seemed to be very good. But as the months passed by, they got worse. I guess some of their good ones had been shot down.” Allies Outfly Japs The Allied flyers always got the best of the air battles, Jarman said, and never did the Japs get as many planes as the Allies did. Most of the time, he stated, the score was very one-sided in favor of the Al-
lies.
Besides his awards, Jarman also received a certificate of commendation from General'Vandergrift, the Marine commander, for his part in the Gaudalcanal battle, and another from Brig. Gen. Wood for his part in the Coral Sea battle.
Emrick Announces Band Tryouts For All Groups AT 4 Each Afternoon Prof. Paul “Spots” Emrick, Director of Military and Symphonic Bands, announced today that tryouts are now being held for those who wish to become member's of any of the bands, including the marching band, the symphonic band and the navy band. The entire personnel is combined to form the marching band for the football season. During the winter months, two smaller groups are formed from the marching band—the symphonic band, which plays at convocations and on other occasions when classical music is desired, and the varsity band, which plays at home basketball games and other athletic events. The navy band is an entirely separate group which plays for navy functions, such as captain’s inspection, smokers and so forth. Tryouts are being held every afternoon in the band headquarters in the rear of the Hall of Music, at 4. Qualified musicians are needed, and those desiring to join the bands should see Professor Emrick as soon as possible, as, the first reheai’sal is Tuesday evening at 7. Try An Exponent Classified!
Annual Sporis Spread To Include Picnic, Hike Next Thursday, starting at 4:30 in front of the Women’s Gym, WAA will have its* annual fall sports spread, which includes a hike and picnic at the WAA cabin, according to an announcement made by Jean
Brackman, president.
Program for the picnic will, be
the presenting of awards, a general outline of WAA activities, past and future, and a review of sports to be offered throughout the winter term. •
Tickets will be on sale for 40
cents at the Women’s Gym for freshmen, members of WAA, and
anyone interested in going. At University of Kansas, war has
brought about a great instability of room partners. One girl has been left considerably shaken by having five roommates married out from under her roof. No sooner did she get a new roommate and get used to her shade of lipstick than the roommate ups and gets engaged to some passing Army man, and the original roommate has to run around like mad again, getting licenses- and rings and pinning on
veils and packing suitcases. Buy War Bonds And Stamps
College Training Aids Men In Armed Forces College training for men in the United States Army and Navy is illustrated for its value in a report, recently issued by the Division of Research and Publication, at Wayne Universityj which analyzed the ranks of 1615 alumni and students of that university now serving in
the armed forces.
The analysis of the status of the 635 graduates revealed that 61.7 per cent are commissioned officers, ,14.()'per cent are non-commissioned officers, and only 13.6 per cent are enlisted men.: No information can be had on the remaining 9 per cent. Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Swiss Cow Gives Birih To Triplets Betsy Lu’s Beauty*, pure-^br^ Bro-vyii Swiss cow belonging to the Agricultural Experiment .'Station, who gave birth to triplets last Wednesday morning, is still doing well with her new family. The proud father of these future steak.s has the very dignified name of Bower Home Septanhas Ador-
able.
■ While the normal weight of a single calf is about 90 pounds, the three bulls weighed 62, 68 and 66 pounds. Since the calves are so Small, they are to be given special vitamin concentrates to insure steady growth.
Clarified Ads
Money. to Loan: On diamonds, yiratoheB, guns, luggage, typewriters. Albert’s loan Office, 407 Columbia. Lost—Log Log -Vector Decitrig slide rule in Fieldhousc Thursday. Name on slide rule and case. Wm. C. Hiatt. Phone 7295. Ho-
ward.
Typewriters! Adding
sold, rented repaired and purchased. v|Jtoeo- : .^raph .work done. G. J. ;Bber8hoff» 605 Main*. Lafayette* Phone ■2'f79, , 1 Lost: Bose gold Buldva wrist watch, ex- , paniilve band, numberless face,, Kewara. Call 7,6683.- ’ . . ■ For Kent—Two tooms, twin beds, men, American or other nationalities. 601 Ever-
green street. Phone 75912,
Pafronize Exponent
Advertisers
Sparrendahl Tailors FOWLER HOTEL BLDG.
i«i9
Shoe Rebuilders
221 State St.
Phone 2240
Eisenberg Originals...
*
-Perfiiiiied Trio.. 15.50 Lipstick, Cologne and Perfume Stick, all-tliree scented with Eisenberg’s "Excitement.” The perfect little luxury gift, so dear to a woman’s heart, in a special gift package. Palais Roual
IN THE SERVICE OR OUT; YOU’LL WALK AND LIKE IT-» for everyone. But you can stride those extramiles afoot -without a qualm, a drag or a twinge . . 4-PLUS-Shod! Patented, Synchro-. Flex construction—found only in these famous Smith-built shoes— adds to commanding style and exceptional wear-resistance, a finger-pressure flexibility never attained before. You’ll walk and 1^® it in the modern shoes that walk with you. Make a test as advertlsod In here today • » !
rue haoIazine fob mem Jn the milUaty manner with that cleaxXf trim ofiiceT- ’air . • . in Antiqued Bronzetone Cai/, or Parade Black . . . pliant iriciionleBa.
$11.95 Other Styles $5.95 to
SMITH'S SHOE
423 MAIN STREET
SojdhmjtMkL
Save
NEII
OSES Textbooks
Required and Approved Supplies for Every and AIT Courses
SERVICES RENDERED- ★ CHECKS CASHED ★ WESTERN UNION # ★ NOTARY PUBLIC f ★ BUS DEPOT
Engineering Supplies Lamps Stationery Felt Goods and articles to brighten up your room—
for convenience try— SOUTHWORTErS STADIUM STORE a miniature branch of our State Street Store
FREE—Desk Blotters, Schedule Cards, Cdhipus Maps
PURDUE BOOK&SDPPLY STORE
308-10 STATE STREET WE5T LAFAYETTE INQ
t, ■
. 'k
* il ' I > i
V i ^ -^1
1 i
> I