The Week's NEWS
Purdue Exponent
SUNDAY October 2, 1998 Lafayette^ bidiaiia voi. sg No. 17
FOREIGN Agreement . . . ... of the “four powers” at 6:30 p.m. Thursday changed maps of central Europe for the second time this year. Germany's Adolf Hitler, England’s Neville Chamberlain, Italy’s Benito Mussolini, and France’s Edouard Daladier signed, and sealed, an agreement to keep peace in Europe. This agreement was delivered to a Czech delegate not even included in the conference. Agreement terms included: German occupation of ceded areas beginning yesterday and complete by October 10, German plebiscite in the Sudeten areas where German population is not clearly predominant release from Czech police and military forces within four weeks of all Sudeten Germans and political prisoners, and final determination of the frontiers by an international committee. Czech Premier General . . . ... Jan Syrovy announced official acceptance of the “four power” agreement, “taken without and against them (the Czechs).” In explaining his decision. Premier General Syrovy said in a nation-wide broadcast, “I took this decision in erder to save our lives and our nation. “We have chosen between the death of the nation and the abdication of some territories. The nation will now be stronger and more united.” England’s Prime Minister . . . . . . Neville Chamberlain following Czech acceptance of the “four power” settlement signed an AngloGerman peace pact after two-hours private conference with Adolf Hitler. Both Hitler and Chamberlain explained the agreement as “symbolic of the desire of our two peoples never to go to war against one another.” Lloyd’s Famed . . . . . . Lutine bell, never before used except to tell the fate of ships at sea, pealed out an ovation to Prime Minister Chamberlain as his plane landed at Heston airdrome in London. Never in Britain’s history had any statesman been given this honor—recognition that the ship of state has been saved from floundering on war shoals. “Peace! Peace!”. . . . . . roared from 500,000 throats as France’s Premier Daladier arrived at Le Bourget airdrome in Paris. As he alighted from the plane, Daladier told the joyous multitude : “I also am certain today that, thanks to the desire to give mutual concessions and a spirit of collaboration which animated the action of the four western powers, peace is preserved.” Guerilla Warfare . . . . .«. along Czech-Polish frontiers increased, and over 150 Polish lives were reported lost during the week. Polish governmental officials had warned Prague to evacuate the 600mile square Teschen region, or Poland’s ai my will “march in and take It.” Polish troop and supply convoys were reported to be impairing highway and railroad traffic in western Poland in moving 1,600,000 troops undei arms toward Czech border lines. NATIONAL A Tornado . . . . . . hit Charleston, S. C., late this week with sudden fury, killing 25 persons and injuring probably 300 more, scattering a mass of debris over the southern metropolis. Although lasting less than 60 seconds, the storm was characterized by torrential do'wnpour as it swept through the city, damaging many historic buildings. Charleston’s beautiful Battery, scenic spot and a mecca for tourists, was stripped of many fine old trees. Of the 22 reported killed, 16 were negroes. President Roosevelt ordeied army, navy, and WPA to assist in refugee work. A Million Dollar . . . . . . lawsuit opened in Chicago this week over the Dionne quintuplets before Federal Judge J. P. Barnes. Ivan I. Spear, plaintiff, is sping Pa the News, Woolworth and E^esge dime stores, and Dr. Dafoe, famous country doctor who brought the “quints” into the world. According to Spear, they have cheated him out (Continued on page 2)
Boilentiakers Whip Butler 21-6
Roy Street Opens Co-ed Rush; Stolz Stratton Speak Sorority rushees heard, yesterday afternoon in the women’s lounge of the Union, Pan-Hellenic lawyer Roy C. Street explain the rushing rules which appeared in the Exponent last Wednesday. After lawyer Street’s discussion of the technical points of the rules. Dean Dorothy C. Stratton advised the girls to meet all the sorority members and explained the preference cards. She stressed the fact that each girl should think over her own preference and not be influenced by outside forces. Jean Stolz Speaks Jean Stolz, president of Women’s Pan-Hellenic Council, followed Dean Stratton with further advice ?orkhe rushee to see all the houses and not to be influenced by campus gossip or the opinions of men friends. Rushees will call at the Pan-Hel-lenic desk in the Union Building today for their invitations to the formal dinners to be given by the seven national sororities. These invitations will be available any time from 2 to 5 p. m., during which time no organized women will be allowed in the Union Building. Tomorrow the first of three formal dinners will be held, to be followed Thursday by the preference dinner and pledging Friday. Friday over 168 women attended sorority open house teas from 3 to 6 p. m. in the chapter houses, inspecting the houses and becoming acquainted with the members. Beverage and wafers were served at the teas. Slide Rule Class.,. . . . under J. N. Arnold, assistant professor of general engineering, will repeat work on combined multiplication and division of more than two numbers at the regular class meeting tomorrow at 4 p. m. in room 101, Michael Golden Shops. Squares, cubes, square root, and cube root will be taken up at the following class Wednesday.
He Got Two—
Brown Breaks Loose Twice in First Haif For Touchdowns; Biocking Clicks As Brock, Hennis, Tykocki Reel Off Long Runs By Rolfe Jenkins Butler’s Bulldogs bit too late yesterday to recover from the three touchdown lead which the Boilermakers built up in the first three quarters, and finally succumbed to a 21-6 defeat. Jack Brown was the main cog in the Gold and Black machine, as he drove over for two touchdowns in the first half, one of them on a 49 yard run, to give the Boilermakers a lead which was never
threatened.
Lou Brock scored the third touchdown in the first minute of the second half after Butler kicked off. The kickoff was returned to the Bulldog 28 yard line, and on the next play Brock took it the rest of the way f6r the touchdown.' Butler came back later to put over one touchdown, and were stopped at another time on the Boilermaker four-yard line.
' Butler Kicks Butler kicked off to start the game, and Mackiewicz, who caught the ball for the Boilermakers, was do'wned on the Purdue 40 yard line. On the next play Lou Brock swung around right end and brought the ball do-wn to the Bulldog 30 yard line. There Butler held, and Brock punted over
the goal line.
Play was even for a time until the Boilermakers got the benefit of a trade in punts, and an 18 yard run by Tykocki put them on the hosts' 29 yard line. Ippolito, Brown, and Bylene were then sent into the game, and Byelene picked up three yards on the first play.
He Got One—
Jack Brown, who reeled off two touchdown runs in the first half of yesterday’s game at Butler. Editorial Positions On Exponent Staff Open To Students Sophomores and freshmen interested in coming out for editorial staffs of the Exponent will have an opportunity to learn how the newspaper IS run at meetings this week. There is a place on the staff for sophomores who have had experience on the Exponent or on high school publications, either newspapers or yearbooks. The special meeting for sophomores ■will be called promptly at 7:15 in room A of the Union Tuesday night. New editorial offices in the Memorial Union Building along with more humane hours have combined to make work on the daily student paper more enjoyable this year. A scarcity of present sophomores makes positions for second year editorial men especiq,lly attractive.
Lou Brock, who scored the last Boilermaker touchdown in the first minute of the second half.
Flying Hazards... . . . due to fog are in for further elimination with the development of a new system of radio controls by Prof. R. H. George and H. J. Heim, of the engineering experiment station, whose pictures appear in today’s Collegiate Digest.
Chicagoland Champions Sing In Music Room Today
County Agents To Meet October 4-7 For Conference County agricultural agents, the home demonstration agents, farm institute speakers, and University extension specialists will meet here next week, Oct. 4 to 7 in a four-day conference to discuss new developments in agriculture and methods of taking those new facts to the farms and homes of the state. Group discussions of current problems in extension education will constitute most of the program. Among the ■visiting speakers will be W. W. Clark, associate director of extension in Wisconsin on professional aspects of extension work; Dr. E. L. Austin, of Michigan State College, formerly of Purdue, on “Visual Aids in Extension Teaching;” A. D. Jones of the Department of Agriculture at Washington on “Group Discussion as a Method in Extension Teaching,” Dr. Paul J. Kruse, of Cornell University, on “Some Contribution from Psychology Towards More Effective Extension Work.” As an additional feature of the conference, editors of farm pages or sections of Indiana newspapers will meet Wednesday afternoon and evening to discuss problems which they encounter in gathering and in writing farm news. 250 Attend Staff Members' Picnic First social actmty of the University Club this year was a picnic yesterday afternoon, attended by about 260 University staif members. Activities of the day included contests and games in charge of F. L. McReynolds, of the agricultural extension department, followed by a supper in charge of Miss Geneva Nugent, of the Union food department. Group singing led by A. P. Stewart concluded the program. ’The picnic was to assist members of the staff in becoming better acquainted. A seiies of other activities throughout the year is planned by the club.
Scores First Touchdown Byelene again took the ball on a reverse, circled left end, and broke loose to the Butler eight yard line. Jack Brown then came through with his first touchdown of the day on a wide end sweep. Hennis >dded the extra point and the first quarter ended three plays later. Brown continued to dominate the play by intercepting a Butler pass early in the second period and following a few plays later with a punt which went out of bounds three yards from the Bulldog goal line. A few plays later Butler punted to the Boilermaker 40. Ippohto hit through the line for 11 yards, and on the next play Brown, aided hy ekcellent blocking, circled right end and cut back toward midfield traveling 49 yards for the second touch-do-wn of the game. Nesbitt kicked over and the score stood 14-0 at the half. Brock Scores Hennis received the Butler kick off on the 10 yard line to open the second half and returned it 62 yards to the Bulldog 28 yard line. On the next play Lou Brock circled left end and went the remaining 20 yards to a .touchdown. Nesbitt converted. Tykocki took the ball a few plays later and carried it 42 yards through the Butler line to the 14 yard line. Then Byelen took it on to the five yard line where he fumbled, and the drive was halted. Late in the third peiiod the Bulldogs threatened, but a pass was grounded over the goal line. The Butler scoie came in the fourth quartei on a 13-yard pass from Harding to Constantine, but Kieag then missed the try for the extra point. A final Butler diive was stopped on the Boilermaker six yard line shortly before the game ended. Mr. And Mrs.... .. . Robert S. Harrison, of Fairplay, Colo., announce the birth of a son, Robert S., Ji. born August 17. Harrison is a Purdue graduate, C.E. ’37. Mrs. Hariison was formerly Miss Virtue Deardorf of this city.
THE WEATHER
Forecast for Indiana: Fair and wanner today.
This afternoon the Men’s Glee Club will furnish the program for the first Union Music Room series of the year. The 36 men, champions in the male chorus division of the Chicagoland music festival held last August in Chicago, will open the program at 4 o’clock. Solos duiing the afternoon will be sung by Charles Powell, baritone; Walter Wagner, tenor; and Marvin ^Smith, tenor. The chorus is directed by Albert P. Stewart, and accompanied by Richard P. Thornton. The chorus will sing the two selections sung at the music festival in Chicago as the third part
of the program. Program Part I The Bell Man—Forsythe. The Star—Rogers. Sylvia—Speaks. (Walter Wagner, solo) Thanks Be To God—Dickson. Part II A Glee Club Specialty. Part III The Animals Are Coming—Folk , Song. The Sea I Must Pace—Bornschein. Part IV How Can I Leave Thee—Kucken. (Charles Powell, solo).
Goodnight, Beloved—Hawley. Mighty Like A Rose—Bard. (Marvin Smith, solo). The Blind Plowman—Clarke. The Glee Club will close the program with “Hail Purdue” as usual. Rush Rule Changied Co-ed Pan-Hellenic president Jean Stolz, after yesterday’s initial rush meeting, said it would be all right for organized co-eds to attend the ifiusic room program. Pan-Hellenic lules stated that no organized women would be permitted in the Union Sunday afternoon. They may attend the program, but must have nothing to do with rushees present.
Ohio State 6, Indiana 0. Northwestern 21, Kansas State 0. Michigan 14, Michigan State 0. Minnesota 16, Nebraska 7. Wisconsin 27, Marquette 0. Notre Dame 52, Kansas 0. Brown 20, Harvard 13. Cornell 15, Colgate 6. Alabama 34, Howard 0.
North Carolina 21, North Carolina State 0. Pittsburgl^ 28, Temple 6. Navy 26, Virginia Military Institute 0. Tennessee 21, Princeton 7. New York University 19, Maine 0. Army 39, Virginia Poly 0. Chicago 0, Bradley Tech 0. Georgia 7, South Carolina 6.h *
|r >
Itr Bf *
SdUoJdal
(Continued from page 1) of a fortune in movie and publicity contracts. Two days after the babies’ birth, Spear signed a contract with the father, giving him the right to “exploit” the babies— to handle the sale of pictures and to arrange exhibitions. But in July of that year the Ontario government took official charge of the babies and Spear’s contract never went into effect. Ten lawyers arrayed themselves in Federal court last week, preparing for the battle which will decide whether Spear will regain his rights. A Bandit . . . . . . snatched a brief case containing set and unset diamonds valued at $30,000 dollars from the hands of Sigman Burger, New York diamond dealer in Indianapolis this week, escaped in an automobile while an accomplice threatened the dealer at pistol point. According to Burger, he was seated on a bench in the rear of the Indianapolis Union Station when the thief reached over the back of the seat and took the dia-mond-filled briefcase. Police believe the pair to be part of the quartet who took $50,000 worth of unset gems from a jewelry salesman in the Occidental Building September 9. WASHINGTON Unconcealed Optimism . . . . . . around Washington yesterday seem to indicate that at last forces have been set in motion that may assure world peace for another generation at least. Even though no American statesman sat at the peace table in INJunich this week, it was believed that the American attitude as voiSfed by the President had a sizable effect on the outcome of the parley. Whatever his motive, F. D. R. made a timely and dramatic appeal to Hitler and the other powers to mediate the territorial differences. Rumor, last week, had it that the President dispatched a round-robin peace plea to most, if not all, of the 63 nations that he communicated with last year in an effort to insure peace. Republicans and Democrats alike praised F. D. R. for his message which stated, “On behalf of the 130,000,000 of people of the United States of America, and for the sake of humanity everywhere, I most earnestly appeal to you (Hitler and Benes) not to break off negotiations looking to a peaceful, fair and constructive settlement of the questions at issue.” His mind . . . . . . greatly relieved by the successful completion of European negotiations later in the week, Roosevelt found time to praise Gov. Herbert Lehman of New York, upon receipt of the news that the governor had consented to run for a fourth term. This attitude by the President toward his once deadly foe almost
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
J-SUXiuMA
Sunday, October 2, 1938
bowled reporters over. They wondered if perhaps he was merely trying to pick a winner for once. BUSINESS Arguments Affecting ... . . . pay reductions for employees of the nation’s major railroads, began in Washington Friday before President Roosevelt’s three man investigation committee. In pleading their cases, both sides chose the same theme. National Recovery. Railroad’s Counsel J. Carter Fort stated that pay reductions were necessary as the roads are facing financial disaster. Both the ordered strike and wage cut, which were to have become effective yesterday, are postponed for 60 days, under provisions of the rail labor act. Foreign Loans . . . ... by virtue of a peaceful Europe forged ahead late last week, showing sharp rises in Poland, Germany, Italy, Czechslovakia, and England. Foreign loans advanced as much as nine points, while corporate issues rose five points. Stocks and bonds showed up well in European marts, as official news of the Munich agreement sifted through to brokers. Currency quotations, led in vigorous recovery by British pound, indicated momentary trend of foreign business as peace prospects are realized. Air Traffic . . . ... on passenger lines approached September, 1937’s, peak as reports* from 16 Air Transport Association of America members were released. President Edgar S. Gorrell said its members had flown 46,073,161 revenue passenger miles last August. Fire Fighting . . . . . . under the United States Forest Service, advanced on a more scientific basis last week, when the first $15,000 fire fighting airplape was delivered. Specially designed for this work, the 450 horsepower craft will be used in experimental tests affecting aerial fire retardation. It is equipped with amplifiers to direct ground crews in fighting fires, cruises at 175 miles an hour, lands with a 400 foot run. U. S. Air Corps . . . . . . now trains for war, as broadscale modernization of the National Army’s air forces progresses. Movement of the central air corps headquarters to Scott Field, 111., from Langley Field, Va., insures more central control. ' Contracts for' $14,443,196 worth of new air equipment have been let, bringing air forces to nearly 3,000 fast, first class fighters and bombers. A staff order will soon be issued, barring from piloting planes all commanding officers above 45 years of age, as the tragic death of Major Genei'al Westover brings the situation to an issue.
WAR Japanese Bombs . . . . . . rained heavily last week in China’s Hankow area and in Yunnan province bordering on Burma and French Indo-China in southwest China. Jap air raiders in Yunman reported seven out of ten Chinese planes shot down during their initial raid into this territory. They admit the loss of only one plane. Eighty woundfed Chinese soldiers housed in the Tayeh Army Hospital, 60 miles southwest of Hankow, died when a squadron of planes bombed the hospital during Japan’s renewed air warfare. Battling for the heights of Tienchiachen, Hankow’s Yangtze gateway, continues unabated, with Jap army and navy forces attacking from three sides. Premier Mussolini . . . . . . has decided to stop aiding Spanish insurgents, has issued orders to withdraw his “volunteers.” From Barcelona comes news that the Spanish loyalist government has started dissolving its international brigades with a view of demobilizing them entirely. Authoritative sources state that on Monday, following a secret meeting of Spanish Fascist members of his cabinet, insurgent General Franco informed France Spain would be neutral in case of general European war and that France could safely leave her frontier unguarded. 9 Following this Mussolini decided to withdraw his “volunteers” and to “liquidate” his part of the civil war. Heavy Rains . . . . . . along the Ebro river restored comparative calm to the Spanish civil war front last week, with only an occasional artillery duel to mark hostilities. Spanish commanders are quietly watching the European crisis for indications of any effect it might have on their own campaigns. Forestry Club Plans Tuesday Steak Fry Tuesday afternoon and evening the Forestry Club will hold its annual steak fry at Cary Boy Scout camp just north of Lafayette. Buses will carry foresters from "the Horticulture Building at 4:30 and 5:30 p. m. An afternoon of touch and softball IS planned by Bennie Burns, program chairman. There will also be a half hour of entertainment during the evening. Those wishing to go must get in touch with John Nichols or a member of the committee before tomorrow noon.
This special post-card came to SULLY MASON ... and after the Charm School it speaks for itself . . . Dear “Mr. MASON. Will you be available to our organization Tuesday night at 8:30? LAFAYETTE WOMEN’S CLUB. Have you heard about metallurgist DR. BRAY who took pictures of some other professor’s kiddies, then mixed up his developing solutions after a couple of hours work, proceeded to the dark room, and there he discovered that his camera was without film?
Sigma Nusance Rice recently terminated one of the shortest romances we’ve heard of in many a year. We vote him the gold plated eel for the following correspondence conducted over a super-short period of time. Jim (via night letter wire): Well? She (via post card): So what? Jim (ditto): That’s that . . . Flashing past the photographer’s opposite the Union yesterday we noticed the beaming face of last year’s Cotillion Queen OURAND on the billboard. On the reverse side was the also-beaming countenance of an infant.
Last year’s B—B editor HUGH FORSTER was in town yesterday with the LIGHT of his life . . . the grade of rush tea at the Pi Phi house remains the same. Most of the graduate student assistants around here ARE human, after all. Chemist PAUL HARDY managed to sneak in two dances with his date at last Friday’s grad brawl, bucking competition from DON HOWE, JOHNNY WOODS, GEORGE NELSON, and LEW THOMAS.
Editorial— (Continued from page 1)
Sophomores aie requested to bring their schedules with them to the meeting Tuesday evening. Freshmen ,, Any freshman, regardl^s of pre-
BARBARA O’NEIL JOHN BEAL WENDY BARRIE qXTO KRUGER Starts TODAY MARS
— plus • “CZECHOSLOVAKIA ON PARADE” Traveltalk in Color
ADMISSION
Night and Sundays....
...35c
Matinees Till 6 p. m...
...25c
Children Always
...10c
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lkbty
T wanna doll house like Susie Jones has—one with a cocktail bar in it!”
vious experience or qualifications, is eligible to try out for the editorial staff. There is need for new men, first year men, on both the regular editorial staff and the sports staffs. Men may start now and receive valuable training in journalism through the Exponent. Yearly many graduating Exponent workers assume positions in the publication field. If the freshman is interested in such work, he will be given training and responsibility during the first year, grooming him for a sophomore and possibly a junior position. General explanation of duties and time required will be given at a special meeting for freshmen in the tower room of the Union at 7:15 Thursday evening. In charge of the meeting will be the editor, managing and city editors.
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY 511 Ferry St. Phone 7828 All kinds of printing from a calling cat d to a High School Annual
HELD OYER They're Back Together Again * . . The World’s gay dancing sweethearts in the greatest of all their showsl
RALPH BELLAMYS LUELLA GEAR Jack carson CLARENCE KOLB FRANKLIN PANGBORN
ARC
TODAY — TOMORROW «^BOLK ^OAKIE^
with IDA LUPINO MARGOT GRAHAME
—AND—
7..ku'
,tph
ieUiiKI
^ paran"
aunt Pi*'"'’®
— Also — ^ “SILLY SYMPHONY”
mm\ SUNDAY — MONDAY InilMTICTiilPH!"“m
Sunday, October 2, 1938
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
In “Too Hot To Handle,” to be ^ shown at the Lafayette theater today, through Wednesday, the thrills of a newsreel cameraman's life are dramatized. Clark Gable, as the * cameraman, falls in love with Myrna Loy, a world famous aviatrix, when her plane crashes in China. ^ Walter Pidgeon appears as the rival of Gable for Miss Loy’s affections. —C-C— i “I Am The Law” starring Edward 'G. Robinson will be shown at the Mars October 2-5. < As a fighting, special prosecutor Robinson “mops up the mobs” in this thrilling story based on a Liberty magazine'serial. ^ —C-C— “Three Comrades,” a poignant story of the World War and its afttermath, may be seen today and to- * morrow at the Luna. Robert Taylor, Franchot Tone, and Robert Young are the three Germans, while Margaret Sullavan is the tragic hef roine. —C-C— “Swiss Miss,” Laurel and Hardy’s full-length screamie, will occupy y the screen of the Luna October 4-6 As (two nutty mouse-trap salesmen the pair start out to rid the cheese ^ making country of its pests. They become involved with Della Lind, an opera star who is estranged from her husband. Other half of the big *' double feature will be “Toy Wife,” a story set in old New Orleans, with Luise Rainer as “Froufrou” and Robert Young and Melv3m Douglas * as two men who loved her. —C-C— Larry Crabbe and Gertrude Mi- ^ chael will be fea,tured at the Arc to-
day and tomorrow in “Sophie Lang Goes West,” another of the Sophie Lang melodrama series. “Fight For Your Lady,” a comedy with Jack Oakie, John Boles, and Ida Lupino, will complete'the program. —C-C— October 4-5 Arc patrons will see “Women in Prison,” with William Cahoon and Scott Colton. Jack Randall, Monogram Picture’s new singing cowboy, stars in “Where the West Begins,” other half of the double feature. —C-C— “Carefree,” with dancers Ginger Rogers and Fred Astaire will continue to be shown at the Main theater October 2-5. The tale of a lady radio star and a psychologist, the picture contains numerous song hits.
WAA Fees Due; Start Ohio state wins
Archery Wednesday
6-0 Over Indiana
Archery Turnout Impresses Kinzer
All freshmen women interested in joining Women’s Athletic Association are asked to pay dues, from 9 a. m. to 4:30 p. m. at the WAA office in the new women’s gym, according to Kathryn Merritt, president. She also urged all freshmen to come out for hockey. Practice will be held Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday afternoon at 4 p. m. Mixed archery is sponsored every Wednesday afternoon at 4 p. m. on the women’s range near the Administration Building. An archery tournament is planned for next week. Open swimming sessions are held every night from 4 p. m. to 6:30 p. m. Swimming suits are furnished by the department.
Ohio State opened the Western Conference season by edging out Indiana 6-0 although the Buckeyes were outplayed most of the game. The lone score of the game occurred in the last 11 minutes of play on a forward pass from Buckeye Jim Sexton to Don Scott.
Nicholson, of Indiana, was the outstanding man on the field being dangerous at all times in both the passing and running departments of the game.
Aspiring Robin Hoods seem to be getting more and more plentiful from all appearances of turnouts for this year’s season of archery. With more than 20 out so far this year, “Bun” Kinzer, student coach, said that some of the comers really showed promise. Kinzer also indicated that if enough interest is displayed in the sport this year, it is very likely that an archery team will come into existence. Such a team was almost formed last year but finally failed to materialize.
Intramural
Badgers Win 27*0 Wisconsin’s Badgers ran roughshod over Marquette’s Golden Avalanche yesterday to win by a score of 27 to 0. Wisconsin was not in danger of being scored upon except once late in the last quarter when Marquette staged a long drive down the field only to lose the ball on an intercepted pass on the Badger’s nine yard line.
Joseph T, Donovan.. . . . EE ’39, was elected captain of the Purdue Order of Military Merit at a meeting Thursday afternoon. This military honorary is composed of students in the advanced ROTC course who have done distinguished work.
Softball—^Tomorrow Diamond 1—Acacia vs. Sigma Nu. 3— ^Phi Delta Theta vs. Triangle. 4— Sigma Pi vs. Sigma Chi. 6— Theta Chi vs. Kappa Delta Rho. 7— Theta Tau vs. Beta Sigma Psi. 8— Delta Chi vs. Delta Tau Delta. 10— Pi Kappa Phi vs. Delta Upsilon. 11— Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. 14— Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. 15— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Phi Pi Phi. 16— Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. 17— Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Phi Kappa.
Touchdowns were scored for Wisconsin by Beilin, Weiss, Passvant, and Tenan. Two of the extra points were kicked by Hartman, while one was kicked by Hovland.
Gophers Down Nebraska Minnesota’s Gophers avenged last year’s 14-9 defeat at the hands of Nebraska by winning a hard fought game yesterday by a score of 16-6. Both teams played clean hard football, but the Gophers’ reserve power finally won out.
Individual stars of the game were Nash for Minnesota and Plock for Nebraska. Nash played a brilliant defensive game for the Gophers, while Block’s 85-yard run for the Cornhusker’s lone touchdown was the standout play of the game.
See DEMC First
FOR SPORTS AND EVERYDAY NEEDS
All makes of tennis balls and Spalding's best handballs at lower prices.
We take orders for Roth the Florist. All orders promptly delivered.
Every kind of toothpaste made at 10c each. ALL TOILET ARTICLES AT CUT PRICE.
We have the famous "Klaks" wooden shoes for the shower at 50c per pair.
Also the more comfortable and noiseless "Sanshu
at $1.00 per pair.
rr
E1.G
D»c ElEISHER BOOKSTORE
* ....choic*
Chicago Cubs Clindi National Loop Flag
Jack Brown gave his home town a big show yesterday by tearing up the Butler goal line twice in the first half ... he seems to delight in getting out away from everybody and getting in a little track practice along with his football... a 58 yard run against Detroit for a touchdown and a 50 yard jaunt yesterday for Purdue’s second counter should put him in the pink.
St. Louis, Mo., October 1.—Gabby Hartnett’s Chicago Cubs slid into the National League championship yesterday by splitting a doubleheader with the St. Louis Cards, 3-4 and 10-3, while the Pittsburgh Pirates lost their single game to Cincinnati, 9-6.
-fc-
The best display of power came just as the second half opened when Butler kicked off and Ted Tykocki and Brock accounted for the Boilermaker’s last marker in two plays ... At least it shows that the Riveters have plenty of potential possibilities . . . All we can hope is that lapsing into engineering jargon . . . they become kenetic quantities the Gophers next week-end.
Each team plays again today, and closes the season, but the Cubs may lose and the Pirates win without affecting the league standing. After dropping a tight game 4-3, Chicago returned in the second contest to wallop the Cards on big splurges in the last three innings after the game had been tied 3-3. Cardinal errors, mixed with smart base running and timely scratch hits, gave the Cubs four runs in the seventh inning to put the game on ice.
Reamers To Select
-fc
Making all three points-after-touchdown also removes some of the qualms as to future games where a weakness in that division might mean the margin between victory and defeat. . . now all that we have to do is to make the touchdowns Nesbitt seems to have a fine time intercepting Butler’s passes . . . two in a few minutes in the last of the first half. —^fc—
8 Pledges Monday
Following a smoker Monday evening, Reamer club members will select eight pledges from a group of 20 candidates. The smoker is scheduled for 7:30 p. m. m the reception room of the Memorial Union Building.
Track Coach Phillips’ new crosscountry course tm-ned out to be a ^‘Frankenstein’s Monster” yesterday much to everyone’s surprise . . Six Pitt men in the first six places seems incredible but nevertheless.
Names of new pledges to the athletic booster honorary will be announced in Tuesday’s Exponent.
there it is . . . Reeves was the first Boilermaker in . . . misfortune hit Bodeau and Knapp who were forced to drop out of the running.
POPCORN Sacks 5c; Gallon 15c DAD’S PLACE-So Handy
In the UnionJhsL
lAnimL
SERVES WHOLESOME TASTY MEALS. WHEN YOU ARE PRESSED FOR TIME, YOU WILL APPRECIATE THE TWO, FAST MOVING LINES WITH OUR QUICK, COURTEOUS SERVICE. YOU WILL SAVE TIME WHEN YOU EAT IN THE CAFETERIA.
JhsL fiundujL ^yibufufuciL lAniovL
The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities'i
vri
3[ocaL adA,
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Entire A.
Sunday, October 2, 1938 0 'ii
Michigan Wins University of Michi^ii celebrated its debut under Coach Fritz Crisler with a 14-0 victory over Michigan State before 82,600 spectators. It was the Wolverine’s first win over their bitter intra-state rivals in the last five years.
CALL 7828 and order economy toilet roll $4.60.
a case of 820—
LARGE WHOLESALE clothing firm desires campus representative; an aggressive, well known student. Big money making opportunity. Write in detail Office 410, 330 S Wells Street, Chicago, 111.
Engineer Staff: The following men repoil: to Rice in the Engineer office Monday, October 3 at 4 p. m.; Adams, Botsford, Bohlin, Ely, Harper, and Leckie. —HARRIS.
Wesley Players: Second tryouts for all plays Monday, October 8, at 8:30 p. m. Men are needed especially. Tryouts at 436 State street. —MePADDEN.
October 3, at 4 p. m. in the Union workshop. —WILLIAMSON.
QUESTION?—Why not use paper napkins—a nice embossed standard weight 13%xl3% only $3.60 per case. Phone 7828. Lafayette Printing Co.
Facnlty Members: Membership tickets for the Indiana State Teachers Association are on sale at the general office in the Education Building. Price, $2. (10-6) —McCOMB.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, October 11, at 7;30 p. m. in room 264 of the EE Building. There will be no meeting Tuesday, "October 4. —CANNON.
Modern Dance Group: Practice for both junior and senior groups Monday, October 8, at 4 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. All girls still interested in joining should report at that time. —SICKMAN.
at 4 p. m. on the men’s range north of Cary Hall and west of the Stadium. Equipment will be furnished. (10-6) —KINZER. Co-ed Union worKers: Meeting Monday. October 8, at 4 p. m. in the Union office. —STOCKER.
FOR RENT—Single room for rent, 919 N. Salisbury St. Phone 41981.
Gold Peppers: Important meeting Monday, October 3, at 4 p. m. in the tower room. Please be prompt. —COOLEY.
Christian Science Organization: Regular weekly meeting at 7 :30 p. m. in room B of the Union Tuesday, October 4. —MeINTOSH.
Camera Club: Meeting of the committee members Monday afternoon, October 8 at 4:16 p. m. in the east end of the Union cafeteria. —DERNER.
Reamers: All members requested to be present for smoker in reception room of the Union Monday, October 3, at 7 :30 p. m. —MAZUR.
Co-ed Union Workers: Meeting Monday, Men’s Archery: Archery every week day
WAA Tennis Tournament: The following singles games should be played as soon as possible: Fishleigh vs. Thomas, Sheay vs. Stocker, Holler vs. Himes, Swift vs. Frado, Hirschman vs. Schilling, Home vs. Pidgeon, Miller vs. Stanely, Spry vs. Blesecker. Results are to be recorded on the WAA Bulletin Board in Memorial Gym. (10-2) —WALKER.
Glee Club: Be at Fowler Hall Sunday, October 2, at 3 p. m. in tails. —WORCESTER.
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired New Portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
Wesley Foundation: Morning Watch will be held Tuesday morning October 4, at 7:30. Dr. Hadley will be the leader. —MELSER.
Delta Rho Kappa: Meeting Monday, October 3, at 7 ;30 p. m., in room A of the Union. Election of officers and organization meeting. —HANNAS.
CALLING ALL FRATERNITIES—Chapter Bulletins a specialty. You furnish the copy—we set the type and furnish you galley proofs. You make up the dummy—we print and you are ready to mail. Phone 7828. Lafayette Printing Co.
Purdue Riding Club: All applications for membership must be turned in at the stables by Wednesday, October 6. —SUMMERS.
BEAXrriFUL PERSONAL CHRISTMAS CARDS—60 assorted lovely designs, with envelopes Jfor $1.60. Finest quality art $3 00. Your name inscribed on each free if desired. An ideal Xmas gift. Order early. Nichols & Co., Rockmart, Georgia.
Senior Public Service Engineers: Meet in conference room of Executive Building Tuesday, October 4, at 4 p. m. —KNAPP.
Forestry Club: All tickets will be sold by noon Monday, October 3, to be credited to the steak fry committee. Will the following men report to the general forestry office at 4 p. m. Monday, or send a representative: Nichols, Ginn, Ben Burns, Chernyak, Zuck. —GLAZEBROOK.
Triton Club: Call-out meeting postponed until Tuesday, October 11 at 4 p. m. —JORGESON.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Locksmith
• Bookstores
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Open Evenings Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
• Professional
• Tailor
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1 191/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry Streets
• Shoe Repair
sparrendahl — tailor For Latest Student Styles 4th and Ferry Phone 6030
BOSSING Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Jewelers
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well. Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
LEARN TO DANCE BY ENROLLING IN OUR New Beginner’s Class Mon., Oct. 3, 7:00 P. M. BEGINNER’S TAP CLASS OPENS 6:30 P. M. Indiana’s Largest and Finest Dancing School Phone 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
Shirts! Beautiful Shirts! Why Shouldn’t Yours Be American Finished TOO? AMERICAN LAUNDRY
Fine Cleaning and Shoe Repairs
West Side - 132 Vine Street
Are You Looking for a Healthful^ Refreshing Beverage? You need look no farther for we have just what you want. Don't take chances buying milk short of the best when the best costs no more. We know you'll be more than satisfied. SFNSHINE EARMS
Debris Senior Picture Sitting Will Begin Monday
Photographers from Dexheimer-Carlon Studios, Indianapolis, will begin taking Debris senior pictures in room A of the Union Building, at 8 a. m. Monday. Every senior has been s^eduled a sitting for a definite time, and will receive a card through the mail telling the exact time of his sitting. Debris editors state that it is very important that each senior
report to room A on time, or that he make arrangements for a convenient time. As an added accommodation to seniors, 50 prints of each picture on regular Debris paper will be available at cost of 25 cents. These pictures will be tlie same size as those in the book. A minimum charge of $1.50 is made for the regular Debris pictures and should be made at the time the picture is taken.
MONDAY, OCTOBER 3 8 00—Abbott, R B. 8 05—Amslie, R G 8 • 1 0—Ainsworth, F. 8‘15—Anderson, E. I. 8 20—Anstrand, C. J. 8:25—Aram, N. W. 8.30—Aschaver, j. H. 8‘35—Ashkenag, S. 8 40—Alden, C J. 8.45—Asbury, W. 8 50—Aull, R. J. 8 55—Ahrens, F C. 9’00—Armstrong, L. E. 9-05—Arnold, C D. 9:10—Ash, W. E. 9:15—Bailey, D. A. 9:20—Barbeg, L. J. 9:25—Baske, R A. 9:30—Baunshlog, H. 9:35—Bentley, D. R. 9:40—Binnie 9:45—Brill, W. D. 9:50—Burkhardt, J. B. 9:55—Askrew, L. T. 10:00—Ayasrm, N. 10:05—Baldaug, C. N. 10.10—Barker, J. E. 1015—Baugh, H. M. 10:20—Baumrucker, J. E. 10:25—Bayneo, E L 10:30—Beaumont, R. 10:35—Bline, D, F. 10:40—Bonebrake, J. R. 10:45-—Brevoort, J. M 10:50—Brumfield, P. E. 10:55—Allemang, P. V.
1 1 .00—Baker, S E 1 1 :05—Banning, J W. 1 1 :10—Batey, C. W. 1 1 :15—Beck, T. G 1 1 :20—Benner, C. J. 1 1 :25—Berkheiser, H. A. 1 1 :3Q—Berry, J M. 1 1 :35—Binnie, R. R. 1 1 :4(!)—Blanton, G A. 1 1 :4§—Bolton, J. W 1 1 :50—Bouman, O. H. 1 :00—Avery. Martha Ann 1.05—Aronson, M. 1 :10—Bahler, D. R. 1 :15—Bali, Joe 1 :20—Behrends, H. N. 1 :25—Blickenstaff, E. F. I :30—Bliss, H. C. 1 :35-‘—Bailey, Jean F. 1 ;40—Bauer, Mary Jane 1 :45—Beebe, Leoine B. 1 :50—Benton, Eleanor 1 ;55—Blank, Virginia 2:00—Ballord, J. O. 2:05—Baker, Constance Jane 2:10—Beilke, Florence C. 2:15—Bloss, Beulah 2:20—Bolyard, Ruth G. 2:25—-Bower, Eileen C5. 2:30—Bratton, Ruth E. 2:35—Bossong, R. J. 2:40—Bowden, D. W. 2:45—Brown, A. D. 2:50—Bruner, P. G 2:55—Burkholder, R. C. 3:00—Burton, C. E. 3:05—Breitwieser, Alice L. 3:10—Brown, Ernestine L.
3:1 5—Bryant, Dorothy 3 '20—Buckalow, Kathryn L. 3-25—Burnell, Mary 3:30—Burton, Frances 3'35—Bjuall, Ramad L 3:40—Busch, L. S 3:45—Byers, W. H. 3:50—Call, W B. 3:55—Bremman, H. 4:00—Brooke, B A. 4:05—Brown, J. S. 4:10—Buchanan, C. L. 4:1 5—Buckles, R. A. 4:20—Bull, C. G. 4:25—Bunovick, M. A. 4:30—Camp, C. 4:35—Camp, R. 4:40—Caracciolo, J. V. 4:45—Cassity, R. TUESDAY, OCTOBER 4 8:00—Adamec, S. F. 8:05—Anderson, R. L. 8:10—Atchley, K. L. 8:1 5—Baase, F. C 8:20—Bailey, J. W. 8:25—Bank, C. J. 8:30—Bender, P. L. 8:35—Best, J. W. 8:40—Billman, L. S 8:45—Beemer, Jeanne 8:50—Albright, G. 8:55—Bataille, J. 9:00—Binford, W. W. 9:05—Bonewit, H. 9:10—Boothby, W. B. 9:1 5—Boroviak, L. C. 9:20—Botney, A.
9:25—Brown, C W. 9:30—Brown, G W 9:35—Brown, C W. 9:40—Buck, R. H. 9:45—Bushong, R. J. 9:50—Carr, R. J 9:55—Case, P W 10:00—Bacharach, S S. 10:05—Baker, J D 10:10—Bayles, G M. 10:15—Becker, J. C. 10:20—Bell, M. 10'25—Berkheiser 16:30—Blitz, D. 10:35—Bodeau, A 10:40—Booth, D E 10:45—Bowles, H G. 10:50—Bradley, E E 10:55—Briscoe, W. F. 1 1 :00—Blocker, Marjorie 1 1 :05—Byers, Marie I 1 :10—Carson, Martha 11:1 5—Cleveland, Jary II :20—Calven, Gertrude 11 :25—Bennett, C. A. 11 :30—Brown, J. J. 1 1 :35—Bryant, R. J. 1 1 :40—Buechler, R. I 1 :45—Burroff, R. L. II :50—Carbonagi, T. D. 1 :00—Bentley, D. R. 1 :05—Blaker, L. G. 1 :10—Bosshard, j. W. 1 :15—Bowers, C. H. 1 :20—Bredewater, A J. 1 :25—Bredewater, A. R. 1 :30—Burkhardt, H. E. 1 :35—Calderbank, J. J.
1 :40—Baker, Martha 1 :45—Abel, Elizabeth 1 '50—Callison, Mary 1 :55—Conver, Helen 2:00—Cook, (tolleen 2:05—Dahl, Julia 2'1 0—Dawson, Helen 2:15—Dicks, Margaret 2:20—Dobson, Barbara 2:25—Doty, Elizabeth 2:30—Dray, Hildred 2"35—Dunn, Phyllis 2:40—Butler, D. S 2:45—Cameron, D D 2:50—Campbell, C. W. 2:55—Caracciolo, J. V. 3 -00-Carr, E. D 3'05—Carr, W. J. 3.10—Castino, J W. 3:1 5—Chapp, H. J. 3:20—Chew, L. W. 3:25—Caldwell, Florrie 3:30—Clymer, Johanna 3:35—Driscoll, Betty 3:40—Eastburn, Frances 3:45—Elstun, Betty 3:50—Everhart, Dorothy 3:55—Blow, Lois 4:00—Arnold, Carl 4:05—Barsha, W. B. 4:10—Beck, J. E. 4:1 5—Bergdolt, V. E. 4:20—Bergsma, J. C. 4:25—Bosco, G B. 4:30—Bowen, J. D. 4:35—Bowne, H. M. 4:40—Boyer, H. C. ' 4:45—Bradley, K.