* r/?
^ >
r^
r»
THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Rain and warm today; tomorrow, cloudy and colder.
Purdue Exponent
SUNDAY March 12,1939 Lofayatte/lndakgia VoL 50 No. 136
Z-185
Michigan Regains Big Ten Swim Crown
News,Si Week • John L. Lewis Proposes Combination of AFL and CIO. • Air Corps Officials Foresee 500 m. p. h. In New Pursuit Ships. • Loyalists Squelch Rebellion In Own Ranks. \ • Gandhi Ends 98-Hour Fast After Political Victory." • Stocks Climb To End 15 Week Slump. • Jock Sutherland Quits As Coach Of Pittsburgh University.
WASHINGTON United Labor,...
. . . proposed by John L. Lewis, in the form of one gigantic organization under the name of the “American Congress of Labor” was bluntly turned down by AF of L negotiators this week. However, later reports held the Federation of Labor will-
ing to consider the proposal.
Evidently William Green’s labor leaders reviewed the proposal which they at first glance branded as “not offering any possible solution to the problem,” and about which they declared, “We are convinced the plan was not designed for serious consideration.” ———————
Lewis ’ proposal embodies clauses requiring the CIO, AF of L, and the four large railroad brotherhoods to meet at a national convention before June 1; to organize the American Congress of Labor to supercede these unions; and to create an executive board of representatives chosen proportionally from
the mentioned unions. 6,000 Warplanes , . .
. . . for the army air corps, were approved this week as the Senate passed, 54 to 28, the bill to strengthen national defense by virtue of increasing United States’ air power. In Senate chambers passage was preceded by discussions of dictator nations and their threats to democ-
racy.
The bill, when passed by the House, only provided for 6,500 fighting planes, but gained an additional 500 through persistent urging of Harry H. Woodring, secretary of warr According to General H. H. Arnold, chief of the army air corps, present laws permit a force of 2,300 planes, while the corps actually has less than 900. Filibuster Looms . . . . . . imminent in the indistinct future of the present session of Congress if FDR makes any moves to present legislation designed to repeal the neutrality law, according to members of the Senate neutrality bloc. Aroused by the President’s recent statement that the law had made no contribution to preservation of peace, the opposition made known their intentions to fight for preservation of the law. Plans For Inflationary . . . . . . legislation, drafted by Sen. Elmer Thonaas (D. Okla.) this week countei’ed demands of those advocating retention of the 46 billion dollar national debt limitation. The proposed bills will call for an additional reduction of approximately 20 per cent in the dollar’s gold content. On March 1, the national debt stood at 89 million dollars.
Committee Meets To Limit Prom Bids This morning the Junior Prom Committee will meet to find some suitable way of limiting the number attending prom. The first limitation system has met with a great deal of disapproval, calling for a
change of system.
The final plan will be printed in Tuesday’s Exponent. In the meantime, 'no more payments on permits will be accepted by the cash-
ier’s office.
Alpha Phi Omega Gives Formal Initiation For Eight Alpha Phi Omega, national scouting service honorary fraternity, held a formal initiation Friday night in the Union for the following new members: Ora French, Frank Caldwell, Bruce Morgan, Jean Waller, Robert Koehler, Robert Hastings, Vernon Hill, and George Greey.
Whitehead, Smith Head Mikado Cast; Pony Chorus Named Martha Whitehead and Marvin Smith head the cast of the Varsity Show, “Mikado,” announced H. Kenn Carmichael and A. P. Stewart last night. Miss Whitehead plays the part of Yum-Yum, one of the wards of Ko-Ko, the Lord Executioner. Smith takes the part of Nanki-Poo, wandering minstrel in love w,itm YumYum. Robert Hartley is in the title role as the Mikado of Japan. The remainder of the cast is as follows: Jim Ashton, Ko-Ko, the Lord High Executioner; Don Pyke, Pooh-Bah, the Lord High Everything Else; Paul Worcester, PishTush, a noble lord; Molly Harding, Pitti-Sing, ward of Ko-Ko; Marjorie Williamson, another ward of Ko-Ko; and Arsene Summers, an elderly lady in love with NankiPoo. The cast is subject to the approval of the offices of the deans for scholastic approval. Pony Chorus The female pony chorus, directed by Barbara Gibbs, is composed of Virginia Diehl, Elaine Fleischer, Barbara Stacker, Ruth Bryant, Lois Simpson, Alice Byrne, June Spry, Patty Roesch, Jane Haltom, Louise Krug, and Bette Smith. There will be no male chorus due to the lack of persons trying out. “That’s a swell cast. We ought to sing and sell like a million,” said A1 Stewart last night just before the cast ran through the singing for the first time. Most of the work staff has been completed, but there are positions open for carpenters and painters.
Charles Kuiiman's Ohio State Secoiid; Conyo Appearance Go In Two Day Meet Tomsk! Wins Twice
Moved To Mar. 29-30
/
Because the Metropolitan Opera Company of New York insisted on taking Charles Kullman, tenor, to Boston for a gala presentation of Meistersinger on March 23, and I later to Cleveland, where he will appear in a special performance with Grace Moore in Louise, on March 28, the famed singer, originally scheduled to appear on the Purdue convocation program fhe nights of March 22-23, will not be heard here until the nights of March 29-30, according to Prof. J. T. Gunn, chairman of the convocation committee, who today received notice of the change from Austin Wilder, of the Columbia Concerts Corp. Seniors Will Hear Dr. F. A. Anderson Tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock in room 254 of the Electrical Engineering Building, job-seeking seniors will have an opportunity to hear Dr. Forrest A. Anderson, of Wilkens-Anderson, scientific and industrial laboratory suppliers of Chicago. Each year Dr. Anderson visits hundreds of chemical and other industrial companies in his efforts to help place scores of engineering graduates. Helping to place engineering graduates has become the chief hobby of Dr. Anderson. The chief purpose of Dr. Anderson’s talk will be to acquaint the seniors with the important part that personality plays in securing employment. Wide experience in the industrial field more than qualifies him to talk on this subject. This talk is sponsored by the AIChE and AIME.
*He// Week Milder Now/Says Young
NATIONAL High Speeds . . . ... in the neighborhood of 600 miles an hour are foreseen by Army Air Corps officials since it was revealed recently that Lt. Ben Kelsey, in his recent near-record transcontinental cruise, used only 60 per cent of his plane’s power. Flying a new twin-motored pursuit ship, Kelsey flew from New York to Southern California in a shade over seven hours, crashing as he came in to land. Experts at Wright Field, Army’s test laboratory for warplanes, estimated that top speed for this ship is probably over 460 m.p.h.—using 1,000 horepower engines. Engines now on the test blocks will provide almost twice that power, affording tremendous increases in speed. Counterfeiting . . . . . . operations in the Ohio State (Continued on page 2)
Independent Staff Hears Experiences Of Editor G.W. Stout Journal and Courier Editor, G. W. Stout, spoke Friday night before members of the Purdue Independent and guests at their third annual banquet in the faculty lounge of the Union Building. Stout related his experiences as a journalist, emphasizing his early years, the thrill of seeing his first story published, and early experiences in interviewing. Retiring Independent Editor Bill Feldman presided at the banquet which was attended by 100 persons. In keeping with the custom esablished two years ago, several of the guests delivered brief talks. Among those were Tommy Johnston, Dean M. L. Fisher, Controller R. B. Stewart, Dean of Women Dorothy Stratton, L. M. Vallely, W. A. Bodden, and “Deac” Reisner. Immediately following these informal speeches, incoming Editor-in-Chief Gordon Tafel gave a brief talk, and introduced the new staff members for the coming year. Concluding the banquet, out-going business manager E. W. Hackney introduced his successor, C. E. Franklin, who in turn named his assist-
ants.
Over Fifty... . . . couples and a fixed quota of 26 stags danced in the Union ballroom yesterday afternoon to recorded music in another of the PIA tea dances.
Fraternity Week Starts With Speeches Tomorrow Mild is the word for it, according to Prof. G. A. Young, head of the mechanical engineering school, and campus historian, in referring to Hell Week. Just how mild it has become G. A. will relate tomorrow night when he tells of the history and traditions of fraternities on the campus in the first of the Fraternity Week nleetings to be held in the Union ballroom from 7 to 8. President Elliott talking on the intangible values to be gained from fraternity life, will precede Professor Young. Pledges Well Seasoned In the nineties there were only four or five fraternities on the entire campus and their proceedings were carried on rather secretively. As the years passed and fratei^nities increased in number, stories of initiations and “pledge duties” were told. One pledge class was led up to the third floor of their house, blindfolded, tied up and thrown out of a window—onto a net four feet below the window sill. Another trick tried in the “good old days” around the tm*n of the century was to electrify a mattress and throw the pledges Upon it. The men used to jump four or five feet in the air, and it was a miracle they didn’t die of heart failure, said “G. A.” All Changed Now However, all that has changed for the better, from the pledges’ viewpoint at least, in the past 10 years. Ten years ago, plans were presented to the student cotincil, forerunner of the present Student Senate, to (Continued on page 4)
Debate Team Meets William Mary Squad Tomorrow Afternoon Purdue’s affirmative debating team, composed of M. M. Karnowsky and Don Paarlberg, will meet a negative team composed of James Watkins and Stedman Eure, who are on tour from William and Mary college of Williamsburg, Va., tomorrow afternoon at 2:30 at the Romney high school. They will debate the question for the high school audience, “Resolved that the United States should cease to use public funds, including credit, for the purpose of stimulating business.” No decision will be given. On Thursday night the Purdue negative team, Joe Yamamoto, and Marke Keane, will meet a team from Florida on the same question in Fowler Hall at 7:30 in a public debate. A co-ed team will travel to Indianapolis tomorrow to debate the question of whether or not married \^omen should receive employment. Wednesday, a co-ed team is scheduled to meet Indiana University at Bloomington. Activities Bureau... . yesterday sent questionnaires to a i*epresentative 6 per cent of the student body. The questions, answers to which will be published at a later date in the Exponent, concern the student’s participation in campus activities, his opinions of'activities in general.
Setting six new Big Ten records during both the firi&l and preliminarysevents including record-break-ing niarks in the 300 yard medley relay, 220 yard free style, 100 yard free style, 50 yard free style, 150 yard back stroke, and the 400 yard free style relay. Big Ten swimmers set a new mark for future entrants to shoot at. Led by Tomski, who set two individual records of his own, Michigan swimmers broke four records, while setting their new high scoring mark. Ohio State medley relay racers broke the old Western Conference record set by Michigan in 1936 by racing their 300 yard course in 2:56.8 in the preliminaries. The old record was 2:59.8. In the free style events, records were broken every time swimmers got into the water. Haynie of Michigan broke the 220 yard free style record by cracking his own mark made in 1937 at Indiana. His race was timed in 2:13.6. In the 100 yard free style, Tomski established a new mark of :52.6 and broke the old one set by Kirar of Michigan in 1938. Tomski also ruined the old time of 23.3 also set by Kirar in 1938 when he turned in a time of 23.1 in the 50 yard free style finals and preliminaries. Both Barker of Michigan and Stanhope of Ohio State collaborated to break the old mark of 1:38.9 in the 150 yard back stroke set by Zehr, Northwestern and Neunzig, Ohio State in 1937.' They both were .timed in 1:38.1, Barker in the prelims and Stanhope in the finals. Ending the evening with another record breaker, Michigan’s 400 yard free style relay quartet then cracked their own time set in 1938 by pushing Father Time for a new mark of 3:33.8. Their old mark was
3:^.1.
As a team Michigan made an epic of this meet by swimming away with the highest score ever made by one team in the last 26 years. They have won, under the direction of Matt Mann, Wolverine mentor, 10 Big Ten swimming titles in the last 13 years. Union Dance Plans Near Completion Plans for the new Union Night Club dance, March 24, which re- . places the style show held last year by the Union, are nearing completion, according to vice-presidents Jim Williamson and John Richardson, in charge of the arrangements. Although the band has not been signed yet, the dance will feature cabaret style dancing, a floor show, and an ultra modern “milk” bar. Tables will be placed around walls for the ballroom and because of this tickets will be limited to 200. Tickets for the dance will go on sale next Wednesday or Thursday for $1.50 in the Union. Dr. A. W. Ralston ToSpeakToAChS Dr. A. W. Ralston, chief chemist of Armour & Company, will speak before members of the University section of the American Chemical Society at 7:30 p. m. Thursday in the auditorium of Stanley Coulter Hall. A dinner in Ralston’s honor will be held at 6 p. m. in the Union Building. Members of the society as well as all others interested are invited to attend. Officers for 1939-40 will be elected and a financial report given in the annual meeting of AChS immediately following the lectui’e. Dr. Ralston’s subject will be “The Patty Acids and Their Future,” of special value to those interested in high molecular weight aliphatic compounds. He will discuss their prepai-ation, general physical and chemical properties, and their adaptation to commercial use.
Led by Walt Tomski, amazing Wolverine free styler who took two first places, the University of Michigan’s sterling swimmers amassed a record total of 73 points in the twenty-ninth annual Western Conference swimming championships to walk away with the title. 'The Wolverines have a record of 10 iSig Ten swimming crowns in 13 years. Ohio State, defending champion, finished second with 49 points. The University of Minnesota took third with 11 points, while Illinois, Iowa, and Northwestern were tied for fourth place with nine points each. Six points were Wisconsin’s claim to seventh place. Chicago, Indiana, and Purdue finished in the last three places with three, two, and one tallies each. Completely dominating the meet, the Wolverines took\five first places, five seconds and foul thirds to make up the main part of Iheir victorious score. Patnik Keeps Diving Crown National Intercollegiate Champion A1 Patnik, gave a splendid exhibition of the effortless, smooth, graceful diving which has made him the top diver of the country as he easily took first place in the low board fancy diving and kept his Big Ten crown. Earl Clark, his cohort from Ohio State, finished close behind Patnik to take second place. (Continued on page 3) Union Invites Dads, Mothers To Banquet Purdue dads and mothers will have their day at the University Monday, March 20, when the Student Union will sponsor the annual Dad and Mother Banquet. President E. C. Elliott will preside as master of ceremonies and students and faculty will cooperate in providing an hour of entertainment. The speaker for the occasion has not yet been aimoimced, but will be this week. Invitations to this evtent have been sent to dads and mothers who live within a 60 mile radius. Students should m'ge their parents' to attend and get acquainted with other students’ parents. Tickets are to be 76 cents per person, and reservations are expected to total 600. Prof. Estey To Address Second MariidI Group On Marriage Economics Professor J. A. Estey, head of the history, economics, and government department, will speak at 4 p. m. next Wednesday in the second of the present series of marital lectures for seniors. The discussion, which is to be informal with questions allowed from the floor, will be held in the lecture room of the EE Build-
ing.
“Marriage as Seen by an Economist” will be the title for the lecture, in which Professor Estey will explain budgets and other economic aspects of marriage. Questions of the economy of building or renting, of insurance, and of women’s earning will be discussed, as well as other subjects that may cmne up at the time. YWCA Yearly... . . . dues must be paid by 4 o’clock tomorrow according to Betty Klein, YWCA president. Only members who have paid their dues will be eligible to vote in the elections later this month. Dues, which are one dollar, may be paid at the YWCA office in the Women’s lounge of the Union. Nominations for president, secretary, and treasurer of YWCA will be announced on Wednesday of this week.
1£dijt/fdaL
THE FtlBDUE E3CPONENT
^swdtwuiA.
Sunday, March 12r 1939
nesday won the international fourball championship, one of golf’s severest tournament tests for professionals, and a $2,000 check at Coral Gables, Fla,
(Continued from page 1)
penitentiary were disclosed by Warden W. F. Amrine last week, as discovery of illegal 6i 10, 25, and 60' cent pieces circulating among the convicts was made. Because convict - manufactured money has found its way out of the prison, Federal secret service agent John Murphy was called in to investigate conditions which included gambling and illicit liquor traffic. Closing In On . . . . . . causes of epilepsy, white-haired Dr. W. G. Lennox of Harvard University, revealed recently that scientists are on the “threshold” of determining the exact cause of the malady which in this country has claimed more than 500,000 victims. Investigations which have been carried on for the last twenty years by Harvard scientists show that epilepsy is marked by abnormalities in the “electric rhythm” of brain cells.
Deathproof ... *. . . highways received a boost last week as Charles Upham, executive director of the American Road Builders Association, told 20,000 delegates at the Association’s San Francisco convention that new techniques in highway construction have been made toward the reduction of accidents by 75 per cent. Upham described highways in Germany as examples of these new techniques, stating “If German highways can be accepted as laboratory tests of safety value, accidents which account for 98 per cent of the death toll can be eliminated.”
WAR
FOREIGN Martial Law ... ... was declared in Bratislava, capital of autonomous Slovakia province, by Emil Hacha, president of
Czechoslovakia, this week, following demonsti’ations arising frOm the dismissal of three Slovak ministers including Premier Joseph Tiso. The three. Economics Minister Jan Pruzsinski, Labor Minister Ferdinand Durchansky, and Tiso, were under police supervision, though not arrested. Slovakia province won autonomy as a result of the recent Munich agreement which gave Sudetenland to Germany and made Czechoslovakia a federation of semi-inde-pendent states. India’s Leader ... . . . Mahatma Gandhi, ended his latest fast Tuesday with another political victory in his battle for democracy in India. After 98 hours of voluntary starvation caused by a dispute between 69-year-old Gandhi and the 29-year-old ruler of Rajkot state over establishing an advisory council on democratic reforms, the young Rajkot ruler yielded to the demands due to persuasion by the British viceroy of India, Lord Linlithgow. 'i'oday Pope Pius XII . . . . . . will be coronated with a fivehour mass in St. Peter’s Cathedral, followed by a crowning ceremony. Forty-five thousand people will be able to attend the mass; however, 350,000 are expected to stand outside in St. Peter’s square to see the actual crowning on the balcony of the church.
Second-Highest-Money ... . . . winning horse and 1938 champion Seabiscuit will be retired to stud immediately and rested for a year before resuming pursuit of Sun Beau’s top' money-winning record, according to Tom Smith, trainer of the S. C. Howard stable horse.
It’s Sunday morning, we’re tired of rain; and like a number of other people, we’ve just given up—^for Lent. 'Wine and silver blue, the colors of Pi Beta Phi, decorated the dance programs and band stands at the picturesque formal dance that was held by the Pi Phis Friday evening in the ballroom. The band sounded great despite the sprained ankle of the saxophone player, Bill Punnell. Nice dance, girls, and we liked your generosity with bids, too. —H-H—
War Within War ... . . . between rebellious Communists and Gen. Jose Miaja’s Republican forces in Madrid was squelched yesterday. An official announcement said over 14,000 of the rebellious soldiers had surrendered since Friday. Erstwhile rebels joined in shouting “Long live the Republic” while only a few diehards still held out . . . almost a comical end to a bitter encounter.
Walking Papers ... . . . were taken by former Premier Negrin and his cabinet Monday in what had all the earmarks of a bloodless but forceful Army coup d’etat. A seven-man National Defense Council under Gen. Sigismundo Casado took over the Madrid government, recalled ousted Gen. Miaja to Madrid. In Generalissimo Franco’s Spain it was predicted that the war could now be settled without fighting. Dr. Negrin had agreed to surrender on the one condition of no reprisals. New government officials would not care much about whether Negrin Communist and Socialist supporters escaped reprisals; Franco could well afford to promise to save the necks of all others. "Whether or not General Casado would be able to arrange an honorable surrender or be forced into a last-ditch stand, it was obvious last week that Spain’s Republic had virtually ceased to exist.
BUSINESS Wall Street ... . . . quotation boards late this week showed many leading stocks hitting a new 1939 high with jumps of from 1 to 5 points. Old favorite AT and T took the lead with a hop to 166. Hand in hand with it came General Motors, Chrysler, National Biscuit, International Harvester, Sears Roebuck, and Montgomery Ward. Just preceding this upturn Wall Street’s Journal flashed the headline [BUSINESS IN 15-WEEK SIDEWISE MOVE: BREAK EXPECTED TO BE ON “UP” SIDE. Steel had already taken the lead and commodity prices also were up. Dow-Jones averages cliraped 13 points over the January 26 figure, considered to be the year’s low. . Time’s index, which reports not just production but the relative soundness of business conditions, took a slight slump for the week, however. They credit it to large percentage increases in RFC borrowing from the nation’s banks.
Yesterday afternoon’s PIA Tea Dance was much less crowded than usual because of the new stag line rule. Most of the unattached males present were organized lads who do a-large amount of concentrated joeing. The lads at the Theta Tau house threw a radio dance last night for about 25 couples and the rain didn’t seem to bother the inixer dancers either. Yes, it’s a merry world! . —H-H—
“Hold Tight” seems to have broken all records for previous recordings in the Sweet Shop. You probably liked it too, the first million times you heard it. But this “Deep Purple” tune, which has been taken off the shelf and rejuvenated after a five year rest, still is the tops in our estimation. ’Tis rumored that “Deep Purple” will rival “Stardust” as the nation’s lasting favorite. —H-H—
3,000 Persons ... . . . were killed or wounded in China Tuesday and Wednesday as Jap air raiders bombed Ichang, goal of new Japanese offensives in China. Although huge American flags were flying from buildings and others stretched on the ground, seventeen bombs fell on American property, drawing an official protest from Paul Josselyn, U. S. consul general in Hankow.
SPORTS Old Hatchet Face ... ... Glenn Cunningham, middle-dis-tance king, stepped out of his groove and soundly whipped world’s premier long-distance coverer, Don Lash, in a thrilling two mile race this week in New York’s Madison Square Garden. Men Who Brought ... . . . the ancient nine-pins game over to the right side of the tracks cast practice eyes on a quarter-mile sweep of glazed alleys and celeb-rity-studded en{ry lists this week and prepared to raise the curtain on bowling’s longest “world series” at Cleveland, Ohio. Occupying several acres of floor in Cleveland’s public auditorium, A. B. C.’s 39th annual bowling tourney boasts of 17,494 kegler-en-trants, $184,000 in prize money.
Distinguished students are to be guests for dinner at the Women’s Residence Halls today. A number of faculty members -will also be present, and an after dinner coffee hour to encourage student-faculty discussion is another feature that is planned for the day. —H-H— LAST BIT: And did you know that engineers are the greatest procrastinators; as a rule they let things slide.
ARC
TODAY - MONDAY
MADGE EVANS
ALSO SHORT SUBIECT
25,000 Chinese ... . . . casualties were reported by the Japs yesterday following a two week’s offensive southward along the Han river through central Hupeh province. They said 3,600 Chinese dead were left on battlefields. Japanese columns pushed north toward Siangyang and Fancheng, 175 air miles northwest of Hankow, and attempted to cross the Han. Their objectives are the Yangtze river cities Ichang and Shasi. It was estimated that 120 bombs crashed into the center of the city, which lies on the Yangtze river nearly 1,000 miles by water ^fi'om Shanghai.
Declaring That Athletic . . . . . . conditions at Pittsburgh University had become “intolerable” for him. Dr. John Gain Sutherland, Panther mentor, officially parted company Monday Avith his alma mater for which he had been turning out some of the most powerful football teams in the land for 15 years.
Two World Championship . . . ... fights were announced Tuesday by New York Promoter Mike Jacobs after months of bickering between hostile parties to the proposed bouts. Henry Armstrong will defend his light-weight croAvn against former champion Lou Ambers at the Yankee Stadium in August, and Chicago’s Leo Rodak and Pawtucket, R. I.’s, Joey Archibald, rival claimants of the feather-weight title, Avill settle their dispute in a 15-round scrap in Providence, R. I., April 18.
Blazing Home With ... ... a record-smashing blast, Sam Snead and Ralph Guldahl last Wed-
LUfeiA
TODAY - MONDAY
His Love-Making was as Dangerous as His Sword-Play
They’re over . . . the weekly ratraces. . . . The big formal season is on . . . we’re off—the books— . . . every-one tired ... no one worth a damn today . . . nutz!
At last, the Big Ten boys are getting out of town . . . after tearing up the pljice ... what a surprise the men are going to get when they try to work the steam shovel in back of the Union . . . but there’s a very good reason why the thing is on the blink ... seems that a liiob of swimmers from one of the visiting universities had a fine time tinkering with the thing in the still of the night just to see what made it tick ... funny thing, it really won’t work now . . . just another Hallowe’en joke, pulled a little earlier than usual the boys say that this was done so they could get a little shut-eye in the morning. Ha! Joke!
Here’s a new contest—^we want 25 good reasons why girls hate boys and 25 good reasons why boys hate girls . .. here’s your chance to voice an opinion, chums, put contributions in front desk box. Incidently, the contest run for the best song of the week was quite the thing. . . . Guess “Onward Christian Soldiers” came close to being winner . .. dark horses sometimes come to light!
On the coming social calendar ... Cotillion, Union Formal, Gold Pepper co-ed bid . . . not to forget all the house dances ... all these coming off before vacation . . . on the ball, chums, on the ball! just don’t break the shovel . . . it might become useful!
Guess Mackiewicz has finally gotten on the ball . . . never did anyone any good to sit home and bite nails ... maybe town-gal, Murdock is helping to bring him back alive . . . Mack sure has his troubles .. . wash your ears and everything will come out all right ...
Nothing quite like variety to spice up life . . . Bill-willie, babyDunshee is saving dough and losing gal friends by insisting on using a two-bit bicycle as the one and only way for transportation . . . we always thought bicycling was too much for concentrative powers and didn’t give enough time to enjoy looking at the gal beside you. Bill . . . guess Stubby has taken up the habit, too. Cheap, Cheap!
How embarrassing for a blondehaired gal to go around a whole day with lipstick in her bair . . . nothing like taking a beating when second-handed lipstick ends up with the party of the first ... something new and different ... or is it ? ? Speaking of lipstick, guys should be a little more tactful when it comes to showing an innocent face at a dance with lipstick traces shoAving faintly pink where it
MADS
NOW PLAYING
SECREry ^
WINGS OFTHE NAW
GEORGE BRENT OLIVIA DeHAVILLAND JOHN PAYNE Prank McHugh • John Litel Vi^r Jory • Henry O’Neill
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By LicLiy
‘Tt was simply beautiful—I never saw so many people cry at a wedding before.”
shouldn’t be—at least, in front of you too, Yates! people . . . this advice goes tobnore —::—. than one young man sAvinging LAST MINUTE THOUGHT: around at the Pi Phi formal . . . Damn these imports!!
SUN. THRU WED. 2 nRST RUN HITS
A Picture To Make You Proud You're An American! Action That Explodes Like The Blast Of A Bomb!
PRIDE OF THEI^VY' with JAMES DUNN ROCHELLE HUDSON GORDON OLIVER
PLUS.
The 10th Avenue Kid And His Dog Sacrificing Everything For The Life Of A Pal!
"^ORPHANS OF THE STREET" with TOMMY ROBERT JUNE
RYAN
LIVINGSTON
STOREY
A WHIRLWIND of Romance ... A HURRICANE of Excitement! MURDER on their Conscience! LOVE in their Hearts!
men ■
" wiVh RALPH BELLAMY * ANN SOTHERN SIDNEY BUCKMER • THOMAS MITCHELL
Starls TODAY ummeiu
V «Sunday, March 12, 1939
THE PURDUE
SjtWijlA,
EXPONENT \'
» K
Frankfort Captures Regional Title; Beats Jefferson, Lebanon Frankfort high school’s basketball quintet, possessing a wide height advantage over both of its opponents, Jefferson and Lebanon, xaiher easily captured the Lafayette regional basketball toga yesterday in the Jefferson high school gym before 6,200 fans, by defeating Jefferson 44-31 in the afternoon and defeating Lebanon 58-26 in the final. The final fracas between the Hot Dogs and the Lebanon club was a walkaway for the towering Gem City team. Frankfort led at the half 22-7 and at the end of the third quarter 36-14. Frankfort’s offense was led by Johnson, who gathered 27 points during the final contest. Although Johnson’s 27 points put him in the starlight, the play of Frankfort’s great forward, Laughner, was brilliant in the floor work department. In reaching the finals, Lebanon defeated Oxford 27-26 on a last minute basket. Frankfort’s afternoon game with Jeff was a toss up until the smaller Jeffersonians’ legs gave out as the final quarter began. The Hot Dogs held only a 19-18 lead at the intermission, and were leading by only five points as the teams swung into the final stanza. Pechin, Cors, and Westra turned in commendable games for the Lafayette team. Westra’s backboard play was a vital factor in keeping the tall Hot Dogs from making a riot on the score board. Buffalo Cuemen Win Gar Wood Billiard Tournament Purdue billiard representatives finished thirteenth in the Gar Wood Cup tournament held last Thursday. This contest is held in college billiard rooms throughout the entire country; the results are then combined to determine the winner. Buffalo won the championship, played at 14.1 pocket billiards, by crowding out Florida, the winner of the event in 1937. High individual honors in scoring went to Kuhn •of Buffalo who had a score of 115. Schools rating high in point totals were, in order, Michigan, Utah, Colgate, Wisconsin, Iowa, Minnesota, Pennsylvania, Kansas, Illinois, Cornell, Purdue, Brown, and Indiana.
Ingleman Leads In Battle For First Peterson Award With a run of 13 points, the highest ever attained in a Red Ball match here in the Union billiard room, M. H. Ingleman won a match la.st night from E. M. Golonka and soared into the lead in the standings for the Charles C. Peterson Gold Medal award. Last night’s victory was the third for Ingleman as against one defeat, placing him a half game ahead of Don Forbes, who has two victories and one defeat. Peterson, world champion at Red Ball, donated this medal to Purdue this year, and the event promises to become an annual affair. Winners of six preliminary tourneys have completed half the final round robin that Ingleman leads. Scheduled for tomorrow night is a match between Weisman and Smalley, while Vanderbilt is pitted with Forbes on Tuesday. Regional Scores At Lafayette— ' Frankfort 58, Lebanon 26. At Anderson— Anderson 40, New Winchester 31 At Auburn— Auburn 42, Columbia City 35 At Bloomington— Garfield of Terre Haute 29, Bloomington 24. At Evansville— Bosse 28, Owensville 26. At Gary— LaPorte 40, Rensselaer, 34. At Greencastle— Greencastle 29, Clinton 21. At Greensburg— (overtime) Franklin ^9, North Vernon 27. At Huntington— Ossian 42, South Side of Fort Wayne 28. At Logansport— Logansport 43, Monticello 34. At Marion— Kokomo 56, Tipton 44. At Muncie— Burris of Muncie 36, New Castle 31. At New Albany— Salem 25, Seymour 18. At Plymouth— Elkhart 27, Mishawaka 22. At Rushville— Aurora 36, Rushville 24. At Vincennes— Vincennes 35, Stendal 24.
HAYS JEWELRY CO. EAST SIDE OF S«tVABE FINE JEWELBY AT MODEBATE PBICES
CHARLES of the RITZ . .. Will blend individually for you the shade of face powder that will give your skin its greatest beauty.
Without Charge included with your purchase of other RITZ preparations Week of March 13th special Salon Consultant, will analyze powder to match your skin as it is today. An excellent opportunity to replenish your beauty needs and obtain your. powder without charge. One box to a customer. Almost Everyone Shops at
LOEB i HENE COMPANY
^juddsAjS
Bulletin Free Styler...
By Rolfe Jenkins They can’t say we didn’t have suitable weather for a Big Ten swimming meet. All the contestants had to do after arriving at the Union was to get out under the canopy, dive into the water, and swim over to the Fieldhouse . . . nothing like the proper atmosphere . . . and there was a Pathe News cameraman taking shots of the entire meet.
—fc—
Until the last event of the night the Boilermakers were holding onto ninth place, but Wisconsin knocked that for a row by taking third in the 400 yard relay ... as hosts we were kind enough to give the other nine teams a break and take^the back seat on one point by virtue of Wildhack’s fifth place in the fancydiving event.
—fc—
Tomski, Michigan short distance free style star, copped two first places ... he was the only man in the meet who had that honor . . . Tomski comes from a swimming family . . . his sister, Helena, is the national women’s free style champ.
—fc—
One of the greatest performers in the meet did not set a new record . . . it’s tough that fancy diving can’t be judged in some way so that he could better his former records . . . Patnik of Ohio State, was defending Big Ten and national intercollegiate champion and came on through in fine style last night to maintain his conference title.
—^fc—
Strother Martin, who didn’t come with the Michigan team because he is only a freshman and thereby not ' eligible for competition, was determined to get to the meet and appeared on the campus in plenty of time despite the fact that “he had no way to get here.” Martin practiced diving from the high board all day yesterday, much to the delight of persons who popped in and out of the swimming pool balcony. He was national junior low board diving champion in 1937 . . . next year he will be ready for collegiate competition. ‘, —^fc— Feigel of Indiana received a sudden setback when he balked in the backdive and was given only 2.8 points, but the judges awarded him another chance because his focusing point had been obscured by spectators, causing him to lose his balance . . . unperturbed, the Hoosier diver came back and pulled up into fourth place by outpointing Wildhack in his last dive . . . and so the Boilermaker representative was fifth, but to take fifth in a meet of champions is no mean feat.
—^fc—
Officials had plenty of chances to
Track Captain Art Eodeau won the half miliC at the Big Ten track meet in Chicago last night in the time of 1:55.3, Earlier in the day he had set the best qualifying time
of 1:56.4.
Gutting took second in the high hurdles and Holderman finished fourth in the mile run to complete the scoring for the Boilermakers, who finished fifth in the meet with 11, points. The winning team was
Michigan.
Michigan Regains— (Continued from page 1)
“Dodo” Wildhack, Purdue’s only qualifier, took fifth place in the diving event to garner the Boilermaker’s lone point. The summary: 300 yard medley relay—Won by Ohio State (Stanhope, HigKins, Quayle) ; Minnesota, second; Michigan, third; Illinois, fourth; Iowa, fifth. Time—2:69.8. (New record of 2:56.8 established by Ohio State in preliminaries). 220 yard free style—Won' by. Welsh, Michigan ; Haynie, Michigan, second; McCaffery, Northwestern, third; Hutchens, Michigan, fourth; Johnson, Ohio State, fifth. Time—2:14.4. (New record of 2:13.6 established by Haynie, Michigan, in preliminaries ). SO yard free style—Won by Tomski, Michigan ; Barker, Michigan, second; O’Mahoney of Iowa, third ; Holmes, Michigan, fourth; Surles, Northwestern, fifth. Time—:23.1, (Ties Big Ten record established by Tomski, Michigan in preliminaries). Fjl.nk:^? EHving—Won by Patnik, Ohio State: Clark, Ohio State, second; Benham, Michigan, third; Feigel, Indiana, fourth; Wildhack, Purdue, fifth. 100 yard free style—Won by Tomski, Michigan; Quayle, Ohio State, second: Holmes, Michigan, third; Johnson, Ohio State, fourth: Surles, Northwestern, fifth. Time—:52.8 (New Big Ten record of ;52.6 established by Tomski in preliminaries). 160 yard backstroke—Won by Stanhope Ohio State; Barker, Michigan, second: Beebe, Michigan, third ; Brandt, Minnesota, fourth: Armbruster, Iowa, fifth. Time— 1:38.1 (Ties Big Ten record established by Barker, Michigan, in preliminaries). 200 yard breast stroke—Won by Higgins, Ohio State; Haigh, Michigan, second; Anderson, Chicago, third; Kirkland, Illinois, fourth; Poulos, Iowa, fifth. Time—2:24.5. 440 yard free style—Won by Haynie, Michigan ; Welsh, Michigan, second; Lowe, Illinois, third; Woodling, Ohio State, fourth; Jablonski, Minnesota,- fifth. Time —4:53.3. 400 yard free style relay —i Mlchligan (Hutchens, . '^olmes. Barker, Tomski) ; Ohio * State, second ; Wisconsin, third ; Northwestern, fourth; Iowa, fifth. Time —3 :33.8 (New Big Ten record, old record established by Ohio State (Eabel, Johnson, Quayle, Neunzig) in 1938 of 3:35.1).
call the close pnes . , . one of the Big Ten coaches commenting on the 160 yard back stroke, observed that Barker of Michigan and Stanhope of Ohio State were so close at the finish that if Barker had stretched just a little more instead of taking another stroke and hitting the end with his other hand he would have beaten the Buckeye by a hair . . . since it was between Barker’s reaching out with first one hand and then the other that Stanhope touched the end of the pool. • . and that’s not stretching it.
Waldemar Tomski, who broke both 50 and 100 yard free style records in Michigan’s sweep of the Big Ten meet. News Flashes(Week Ending March 4) BLACK LEAGUE STANDING- ■ Won Lost Chemistry 17 4 Civil Engr 16 5 General Engr 10 5 Electrical Engr 9 9 Genera] Stores 10 11 Dairy . 7 11 Poultry 9 12 Executive TI 8 13 Chem. Engr. II 7 14 Ag. Chem. II 6 15 High Scores For the Week -High Individual Games: Kemmer 199 Mueller 189 Jones 188 0 L. E, Thomas ; 187 Widaman 180 High Individual Series; Kemmer .^15 Higli Team Game: General Stores 792 High Team Series; Civil Engr 2322
Your Business— Interviews Must Be
GOLD LEAGUE STANDING--W on Lost Executive 111 15 6 Animal Flush, 33 8 Chem. Engr. ] 1.^ 8 Union 12 9 Ag. Engr. 11 10 Jt. Highway 11 10 Ag. Chem, I 10 11 Biology . . 9 12 Executive ] 6 15 Entomology 5 16 High ScBi;§s For The We^k High Individual Games: Weitkamp 211, 204, 193 Lee ; 293 Frost 200 Robertson 197 Mack 190 High Individual Series: Weitkamp 608 High Team Game: Animal Husbandry 836 High Team Series: Animal Husbandry 2331
Pittsburgh Will Open Purdue Home Ball Schedule On April 15 On the last lap of tlieir 8,000 mile spring training tour, the Pitl-jb'Trgh Pirates ffyill meet Purdue’s b.asebaU squad here on April i5. Opening the BojJermaker season, this .game will jiTodde fans with their first oppoTi iinlty to witne'^s “Dutch” Fehring’s seasoned proteges in action against regular big league competition. FoJiov/ing a warm-up penc ! at San Bernardino, Calif., the Ccviairs will tiavel throughout the Vlest prefaring for the regular ^e.ason which sUirts April 18 and, incident* ly, the Riveters, whom they ineet three days previously. In their past 14 years, the Pii.'ttes have been out of the first di''i--:ion only three times. During th,-;t period they garnered the National League flag twice and followotl up with a World Series triumph in 1921 Leading the Pittsburgh roster, ^ Arky Vaughan, Gus, Suhr, tleinie, Manush, Johnny Rizzo, the Vi’aner brothei-s and others will invade Purdue determined to outwit the pitching arms of Arnie Bvedewater and his teammate, Homer Warner. Captain Jimmy Thompson will iea-i the Gold and Black fielders in the attempt to thwart the visiting --luggers. This game will culminate B.aseball Week at Purdue, h’eatures of the week wll include Lew Fonseca the good will press agent ct the American League. He will ilenionstrate fundamentals cf ba!:,ebu!l in the afternoon of April 12 amt in the evening will show the American League baseball education movies. Krause Accepts Position With Pro Baseball Club Harry Krause, catcher on Purdue’s baseball nine during the past two years, has announced that he will play with Richmond, Vo., in the Piedmont League this comang season. After gTaduating from .Piu-due last June, Krause spent the summer with the New York Giants as third string catcher. Krause I’etuimed hero last tall to take graduate work in physic,;il education, and intends to return to the Univer sity next fall to complete his work on his master’s dijgaee. H-o will remain here until he reports (o the Richmond team on Man'h 2? for early drills. Intramural Schedule BASKETBALL, COURT 1 Official—Swins: 7 :00—Ward 12A vs. Ward 6. 7 :16—Cary Hall 10 vs. Ward 4X. 8:25—Ward 2X vs. Cary Wall t. 8 ;40—Ward 2 vs. Cary Wall Court 2—Kurtz, Official 7 :00—Ward 10 vs. Ward 5. 7 :15—Cary Hall 7 vs. Cary Cktll 5. 8 :25—Ward 6X vs. Cary Hall 9. 8:40—Ward 4 vs. Ward 3. Court 3—Diehl, Official 7 :00—Ward 11 vs. Ward lOTC 7 :15—Ward 14 vs. Ward 12. 8 :25—Ward 13 vs. Ward 32. 8:40—Ward 15 vs. Ward 2B. TOMORROW—BADMINTC N Donblea—Pinal Match 4:15—Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Kappa Sigma. Phi Kappa Tau vs. Befci Theta Pi. 4:46—(Sigma Alpha Mn or Kappa Sigma) vs. iPhi Kappa Tau or Bela Theta Pi).
The West Virginia legislature is considering a bill which would require all journalism teachers to have at least five years practical experience.
Of 333 University of tltlahoma co-eds answering a questionnaire, 313 checked “to make friends” as the reason for coming to college.
Successful!
r
\Yest Side Office 132 Vine St. Phone 7278
With Tops in appearance Your battle is nearly won! Send us Your suits, coats, ties, and other wardrobe articles —— Have them ready when YOU NEED THEM!!
MEET YOUR FRIENDS AT MiTZi CAFE FOR THAT SUNDAY DINNER MITZI’S CAFE 213 VINE STREET
Phone 3085
American! Dependable Dry Cleaners
NEW LOW PRICES ON Eastman Kodaks
Some Models Reduced 20%
Several Bargains 2nd Hand Cameras
ASK ABOUT OUR TIME PAYMENT PLAN HINEA'S 634 MAIN ST. PHONE 7775I,'?
3bocaL Odii,
THE PORDUE EXPONENT
n^ntiroA.
Sunday, March 12, 1939
Student Union Reorganizes Workshop Under Supervision Of Sophomores
Student Union woi’kshop, where all Union and ballroom decorations originate, is undergoing an elaborate reoi'ganization, according to John Richardson, Union vice-presi-dent in charge. Located in the basement of the Union, the workshop is responsible for all those things we take for granted, music stand decorations, backdi-ops for all big dances, postei’s. Union and organization advertisements, dance decorations, and many more. Plans devised for more efficient handling of this great quantity of work and equipment have been arranged and call for Union sophomore supervision. Sophomores will be responsible for originating of signs, arranging materials, keeping shop in good order, checking inventory weekly, and supervising freshmen workers. Student Union, one of the largest scale activities in the University, will by this plan increase its capacity for work, and place underclassmen workers in responsible positions for better selection of junior
officers.
Floor Rearranged Even the floor layout is being rearranged to facilitate efficiency. On one side of the shop there are three rows of tables with chairs on both sides where all colored posters and small decorations may be woi-ked on in a minimum of space. The other half of the large room will be left open for work on larger projects, backdrops, ballroom decorations, and the puppet show. Cabinets are being arranged for careful placement of all materials and extra
supplies.
Pride in the cleanliness and care of the room in addition to measureable competition should increase the amount and quality of work accomplished. A blackboard is furnished to keep woi’kers posted on work to be done, methods to be employed, notices, and for designing of new posters and pictures.
Second Dancing Class To Be Held In Gym Tomorrow Second in the series of eight lessons for beginners and interpiediate dancing students will be given tomorrow night in the Women’s Gymnasium at 7:30. It is still possible to Join the dancing class without missing any of the fundamentals given in the first lesson. Miss Knight, instructress, states “that it may be possible to get girl partners to dance with.” The remaining seven lessons will cost three dollars. Pauline Crook To Talk Before Charm School Pauline Crook, grooming consultant at Stephens College, Columbia, Mo., will speak at the WSGAYWCA Charm School conference, Wednesday, March 22, and Thursday, March 23, at 4 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Union. In addition to the two afternoon speeches. Miss Crook will grant a 15-minute interview to any co-ed who has a problem in the art of grooming. However, a limit of two g'irls from each sorority house, and five girls from each residence hall has been provided in order to allow equal opportunity for all girls. No restrictions have been set for unorganized co-eds. Every girl who has been granted an interview will be permitted to bring as many as 16 guests to the interview. Miss Crook invites each girl to bring a comb and brush with which she will demonstrate the most becoming hair style.
Dr. Joseph lllkk, forestry
Music Room Exhibits Authority, Visits Campus
Valuable Collection Of Oil Paintings
Paintings valued at $1,830 are on display in the music room of the Memorial Union Building. The collection is composed of four oil paintings and a group of 14 water colors. The oil paintings are : “Spring” by Harriet Krawiec; “White Peacocks in Garden” by Jessie Arms Botke; “Still Life” by Julius Moessel; and “Horses and Hounds” by Frederic Tellander. The water colors are all by Julius Moessel and show groups of varied colored birds. Moessel painted the cover of the latest issue of the Satturday Evening Post. Cary Clyb Fetes 600 At Dinner Dance Cary Club held a formal dinner dance last night fi-om 7:30 till 12 in the West, Northwest, and North Halls. Music for the affair was furnished by Jack Stalcup and his orchestra. The dinner started at 7:30 in the West and Northwest halls, and dancing begin at 9 in the North Hall, About 300 couples attended the dance. , Backdrop for the affair depicted Atypical south sea island. Special fa’Vors were given to all girls attendting. ; Symphonic Band Will Play Today i Leaving today for their first off- ! campus concert, the Purdue SymI phonic Band will present a program this afternoon at 2:30 in the Windfall High School Auditorium for I community members and patrons of I the Windfall school. The program jis sponsored by the Windfall senior ; class. j The program will consist of six I compositions including the overI ture, “Barber of Seville,” a concert I trio, “Bolero;” a xylophone trio, “Frolic of the Keys;” and an av- ' erture, “Poet and Peasant.”
Dr. Joseph S. Illick, pi'ofessor and head of the forest management department of the New York State College of Forestry, Syracuse, is visiting the University campus this week-end as a guest of the forestry
department.
Recognized as the country’s leading authority on forest administration, Dr. Illick is the author of a ,great many books, including “Trees of Pennsylvania,” “Tree Habits and How to Know the Hardwoods,” and a series of pocket manuals on trees.
AIEE Elects Nitche; GutzwillerToJalk Elections of officers of the AIEE, which has been carried out by the means of mailed ballots, has been completed and the following officers have been elected for this year: J. E. Nitche, chairman; J. H. Smale, vice-chairman; R. Dingle, secretary H. R. Pattei’son, treasurer; Bill Brown ,senior representative; Jack Wise, junior representative; and G. Robbins, sophomore representative. W. E. Gutzwiller, representative of the Rectifier Division of AllisChalmers Corporation, will give a lecture-demonstration to the AIEE at 7:30 p. m., Thursday, March 16, in room 129 in the Electrical Engineering Building, on the subject, “Mercury Arc Rectifiers.” Justin To Speak Belore Ag Staff Meeting Monday Prof. M. M. Justin will address the agricultural staff tomorrow evening in the Reception room of the Union. His subject will be “Methods in Teaching.” Justin has been making a study of freshmen agriculture orientation examinations. From these he gained his material for the subject. The orientation grades have been correlated with the scholastic averages of the graduates of 1935, 1936 and 1937.
WBAA
THE VOICE OP PURDUE"
—Today—
11:00—Prof. Robert Phillips, Am-
erican Institutions.
11:50—Purdue News Flashes.
12:00—Time Signals. -Agricultural Forum.
-Sports Review, Dick Shive-
ly-
-Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Jewell Cox, pianist. 1:00—^The Town Crier.
1:15—Monitor Views'the News.
1:30—Story Time.
1:45—Market Reports.
2:00—Magic Carpet. 2:15—-Melody Time.
2:30—Foods, Facts, Fancies. 2:45—Maurine Martin, violinist. 3:00-—^Concert Review. 4:00—The Warren Family.
4:15—Lyric Strings.
^ 4:45—Story Book Hour.
12:0012:15-
12:30-
DEVOE & REYNOLDS PAINT Floor Sander for Rent Vaughans Lawn and Garden Seed EDGERTON HARDWARE
Phone 4354
We Deliver
The earth is 13,900,000,000 years old, according to Dr. Alois F. Kovarik, Yale University physicist.
Personnel Notes
Try-Oufs...
Visiting Company: Hamilton Standard Propeller Company. Representative: E. D. Eaton, Assistant Engineer. | Visiting Purdue: Tuesday, March 14, 1939. Interviewing: ME seniors. Preference will be given to seniors in the aeronautics option first, then the automotive option, and then other ME’s. Those interested please sign up in Professor G. A. Young’s office. Those in aeronautics option, please sign up in Professor Wood’s class. Company: Ashland Oil & Refining Company, Ashland, Ky. Representative: Alex S. Chamberlain, Personnel Manager. Interested In: ChE, Science seniors specializing in economics and in business administration, and other engineering senioi’s interested in technical and sales positions. Company owns wells, refining facilities, pipelines, river transportation equipment, river terminals, bulk and service stations. Those interested please sign up in office of head of the school concerned. ASCE Thesis Contest Finals Are Announced Eliminations for the technical thesis contest, sponsored by the^ Purdue student chapter of the American Society of Civil Engineers, are scheduled for April 26. Subject matter for these papers is limited to the engineering field, with contestants being allowed 20 minutes to present their theses. The cash prizes of $20, $10, and $5 will be awarded to the first, second, and third ranking papers. Judges for the contest will be Prof. R. B. Wiley, Prof. G. P. Springer, C. A. Ellis, all of the civil school, and Prof. G. W. Muni’o of the mechanical school. Assisting will be officers of the local ASCE. All entrants should notify F. C. Ahrens, student president of the society, before spring vacation.
. . . for the second series of Laboratory Group plays will be held today in Fowler Hall at 3 o’clock. The plays will be staged in the ’latter part of March. Characters must be found for the two plays to be given. Sam Marks will dii’ect the first play, “The Deathless World;” Joe Mac Martin will be in charge of the second, “The Drunkard, or the Fallen Saved.” The first is a drama of the future^ the second being an old time melodrama. Each is a one act play. Hell Week(Continued from page 1) limit road work and in other ways modify the pledge training period because it interfered too much with school work. These original plans and discussions have led to the present arrangements for a collective Fraternity Week which will take place for the first time next week. For the first part of the week pledges from all the houses will hear talks in the Union and during the last part of the week the individual fraternities will conduct their exercises. Sorority pledges will have a meeting at 4 in the faculty lounge of the Union tomorrow also, at which time histories of the sororities on the campus will be told.
must be played off by Monday, March 18: Goff and Halsted vs. Sheay and Stanley, Dawson and Winger vs. Davison and Soehner, Richmond and Goans vs. Schlitter and Thomas, Carter and Jacobs vs. MbOulloch and Modist. —SCHILLING.
WAA Ping-lPong: The following Matches must be played off by Monday, March 18: Randall vs. Appelbaum, Sheay vs. Stephenson, Holden vs. Gregory, Rieman vs. Mather, Wiley vs. Himes, Shaffe vs. Spry. —SCHILLING.
Purdue Flying Club: Open meeting at 7 :30 p. m. Thursday, March 16, in room C of the Union. CAA pilots are cordially invited to attend. —CHEVEDDEN.
Airport Dance Committee: Meeting at 7 p. m. Tuesday, March 14, in the Union lounge. Call me at 66474 if you cannot be there. —CHEVEDDEN.
Eta Kappa Nu: Meeting for election of pledges Wednesday, March 16, 7:30, room A of Union. —KECK.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday at 7:30 in room 264 EE Building. Bring money for dues. —BROWN.
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting Thursday, March 16, at 7:30 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Union. The open meeting will be followed by an initiation of all pledges. —AYASUN.
POMM: Meeting Monday afternoon at 4 o’clock in Armory room 103. All actives must be piesent. —DONOVAN.
Varsity Show Cast: “Mikado” cast leads meet in Fowler Hall today, March 12, at 2:30 for a short rehearsal. —BEISEL.
Pony Chorus for Varsity Show: Practice at 2 p. m. Sunday, March 12, on Fowler Hall stage. —GIBBS.
Reamer Club: Important meeting Monday, March 13, at 7:30 p. m. in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. Selection of pledges. —JACKS.
Modem Language 21 A: Test, covering first six lessons in French text, scheduled for Monday, March 13, instead of Wednesday, March 16. —FINNEY.
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Jeweled Kappa key. Return to Vivian Maxine King, 326 Waldron. 4079. ROOMS FOR RENT
SINGLE ROOM, private lavatory. Also double room. Reasonable rent. Private home. 464 Maple St. Phone 4988.
FOR RENT—One-half double room ; twin beds. 801 Vine. Phone 61723.
The University of Mississippi is the latest of the colleges to open a student operated night club on its campus. A nickleodeon furnished the music for its opening night.
WAA Shuffleboard: Following matches
% the Purdue Exponent / Service Directory i
• iookttoret
• jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This la all wa do, but wa do It weH. Opposite Poet Offiea Wallace Block 322 Fairy St.
a Locksmith
The Risk Dental Clinic SAUL A. RISK—D.DA. HAROLD j. RISK—O.DA. LUTHER A. RISK—D.DJ. Schultz Suildlrw 4h and Main Pnona 5701
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATI SHARPININe Phone 229) State-Main, W. L.
• Printing
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 11916 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
1S5S f^RINTING Offiea SUUonanr. . 0 1 t/addlns Invilalioni ■ Salas Books. Etc.., . MM CASSEL’S dOBEERRy
It’s Up to YOU, Mr. Merchant;
The Purdue students always have and always will represent a high buying class in Lafayette and West Lafayette. You can get your share of their money by reaching them thru the advertising space of . . . THE Purdue Exponent Business Phone — 5038
r
WAA—Ping pong and shuffle board tournament matches must be played off by Monday, March 13. —SCHILLING.
Purdue Engineer: Freshman and sophomore workers see work schedule in office for assignments. Interest will be gauged by attendance. No more work notices will be run in the Exponent. (3-12) —Squires.
CE 59 Conditions: Examination for the removal of "C” grades will be given Saturday, April 16, at 1 p. m. in room 201 of the CE Building. —WILEY.
Scrivener: Meeting Sunday, March 12, at 7:30 p. m. in the Union. Inquire at desk for meeting place. Bring manuscripts. —JUSTIN.
Christian Science Organizations: A free lecture will be given by Robert Stanley Rose, C.S.B., Tuesday, March 14, at 7:46 p. m. in the faculty lounge. This lecture replaces the regular meeting. —MACK.
Junior Chemical Engineers: Inspection trip assessments are due. Pay in room 107 of Heavilon Hall before March 21. Those applying for excuses should do so at once. —LOVELL.
G. E. 11—Engineering Drawing: An examination for the removal of “C” and “I" grades will be held Saturday, March 18, at 1 p. m. in room 201, Michael Golden Shops. _ Students planning to take the ^examination must make arrangements with the undersigned on or before March 16. —RISING.
‘I
Purdue Student Alliance: Important meeting at 7:30 p. m. Monday, March 13, in room C of the Union. , . —OSBORN. f
Newman Club: There will be no Newman ^ Club breakfast on Sunday, March 12. —KASSER. ■