The Weak's NEWS
WASHINGTON Home Stretch . . . . . . seems in sight for congressmen. Senators plan to discuss the President’s recovery bill tomorrow, while the House period for deficiency appropriation requests ended last night. Major Bills—pump-priming in the Senate and wages and hours in the House—are up for discussion. Unless a Senatorial filibuster opposes the wages and hours bill the hoped-for June 4 adjournment may be realized. Henry Ford’s . . . . . . World War brain-child, fast, small sub-chaser, will soon go into discard. Called “Eagle” boats, the 500-ton craft were proposed by the motor magnate in an effort to combat enemy submarines. In contrast to the present rate of ship-building, a Ford-built plant on the River Rouge turned out 23 of these boats in one month during the war. Two Neckties . . . . . . bearing the interwoven pictures of defeated presidential candidate Landon popped-up in an auction of unclaimed goods at the Washington post office. Post office officials couldn’t wear them because of politics and couldn’t sell them because of regulations —so they were to be burned along ’vith several other ties bearing the likeness of President Roosevelt—“to show impartiality.” WPA Administrator . . . . . . Harry L. Hopkins is preparing to meet increased summer relief rolls. Hopkins stated this week that he expects the present 2.600.000 on relief to rise to 2,800.000 or 3,000,000 in the near future.”
FOREIGN Czech-German . , . . . . border was closed last night following the killing of two Ger- ** man farmers in Czechoslovakia and the movement of troops in both countries. Sand bag barricades and machine gun nests were ^ thrown up at strategic points along the border. On the eve of today’s municipal elections which may determine the ^ fate of the Sudenten Germans in Czechoslovakia, President Eduard Benes called out an additional 70,000 reserves to guarantee a peaceful election. ^ London and Paris last night promised Czechoslovakia they would aid the Czechs should Hitler attempt to duplicate the recent t German invasion of Austria. Berlin warned that the Prague government “will be held fully responsible for all future develop- ♦ ments.” ‘ Anton Lang . . . . . . simple Bavarian potter who portrayed Christ in the’ historic Oberammergau, Passion Plays, died (Continued on page 4)
9 the Purdue Exponent
SUNDAY
May 22,. 1938
Lafayette, Indiana
VOL. 49
No. 186
Faculty Golfers Play Matches In Annual Tourney I With the mechanical engineering department hot on the trail of their third consecutive championship, the faculty inter-department golf tournament is on its last lap with six departments entered in the tourney. The teams entered are the pharmacy, chemistry, physical education, history-economics, agricultural engineering, and mechanical engineerihg schools. The mechanical engineers, composed of G. A. Young, H. G. Venemann, H. Rubenkoenig, C. W. Messersmith, have won the tournament for the past two years and should stand ^ good chance of taking blue ribbon honors again this year. The play is for 18 holes and is bein^ held on the public golf course. Alji contestants will have their scores in by tomorrow afternoon. The total scores of the three lowest in the department will be the team score. The two best teams will then play a match for the championship. “G. A.” and Venemann have already turned in scores of 38 for nine holes. HE Seniors, Staff ToBanpetInUnion Toiorrow Evening Prof. 0. A. Leutwiler, head of the mechanical engineering school of Illinois University for 35 years, will be the main speaker at a dinner meeting of all senior mechanical engineers and the mechanical engineering faculty in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building tomorrow at 6:30 p. m. This meeting is the first of its kind to be held on campus and is sponsored by Pi Tau Sigma, national mechanical engineering honorary. It will be a farewell gesture for the ME seniors. Professor W. B. Miller said last night, “There’s so many ME seniors we thought there ought to be one chance for all of them to get together.” 1937 Debris Editor Completes Sales Course R. W. Dwight, Jr^, ME ’37, has completed his sales training course at the Armstrong Cork Products Company’s general offices at Lancaster, Pa., and has been assigned to their building materials division branch office in Cincinnati, O. Dwight "was editor of the 1937 Debris and a member of the Delta Upsilon fraternity.
Ohio State Defeats Boilermakers 2-0; Mangas Allows Only Five Hits
Conklin, Buckeye Right Fielder, Scores Second; Drives In Run In Sixth Inning Ohio State scored two runs on five hits yesterday in the second g-ame of the series at Columbus, Ohio, to win, 2-0, over the Boilermakers, who were able to collect only four hits to back up the pitching of Carol Mangas. The Buckeyes scored their first marker in the second inning when Wulfhorst singled, and was thrown out at second, Conklin doubled. Smith walked, and Kilmer reached first on an error by Thompson, Boilermaker shortstop, Conklin scoring. The second tally for the Scarlet and Gray came in the sixth when, with two out, Wolfhorst went to third on an error by Mackiewicz and came in on a hit by Conklin. Two Hits Fail Two hits in the fourth inning netted nothing for the Gold and Black. Stamm and Dean combined singles, but died on base. Krause’s triple in the seventh frame was the only occasion in which a Purdue man reached third base. However, the longest hit of the contest came with two men out and the next batter grounded to third to end the inning. The other Boilermaker hit was made in the eighth by Hearne with two men out and no one on. The next batter was put out at first. With Hearne, Stamm, Dean, and Krause getting the only hits off Kilmer, the’Buckeye pitcher, the Scarlet and Gray dampened any hope the Boilermakers had of catching up with the Big Ten leaders, Indiana, until the Hoosiers invade Purdue in a three game series here next Friday and Saturday. Mangas again proved the hard (Continued on page 2)
Business Officials Elect Officers; End Two Day Heeling Fourteenth annual meeting of the Association of Business Officers of Indiana Universities and Colleges closed yesterday afternoon after a two-day session here at the University. Climaxing the day’s activities was the announcement of the Association’s officers for the coming year: president, V. F. Binford, Indiana University; and secretary, Mrs. Anna Manners of Indiana University. Yesterday’s program included a question box and several lectures on the studies and services of the American Council on Education. Dr. William Dennis, president of Earlham College, discussed the Taxation of Colleges in Indiana,” at the morning session which was held in rooms 1 and 2 of the Mem,orial Union Building. Following a luncheon in the faculty lounge, the group made an inspection tour of the University campus.
Fickle Old Man Weather Pours Down His Wrath With Disastrous Ejects On Spring Activities
By F. J. Harmon Old Man Weather, who has visited upon this Hoosier state for the past few years most unpredictable and disconcerting climatic phenomena, has been obstinately fickle during the past month. After a seven-day dry spell the first part of this month, which concluded a month-long drought period, the old mythical dean of meteorology decided to make up the precipitational discrepancy. Since May 7, it has rained all or part of every day—over three and a Jialf inches having fallen in the 15-day period up to today. This is an average of .23 inches a day. Wettest day, said W. T. Hill, assistant University weather observer yesterday with the 17th, when over 4-5 of an inch fell.
Welcomed by farmers was this prodigious rainfall. Old Man Weather had another card up his sleeve, however. On the night of May 13, the mercury plummeted to 28 degrees. The effect on the 2,000 apple trees at the Horticulture farm was disastrous. Ninetynine and a half per cent loss on this year’s crop was estimated by Professor C. L. Burkholder of the horticulture department. Other small fruits, especially grapes, were severely affected in the vicinity of Lafayette. Many picnics and other customary May outdoor activities have been cancelled or postponed because of the excessively wet weather which seems to be especially disagreeable during the week-ends.
Legion Air Sliow Officials Certain Of Fair Weatlier “It’s not going to rain tomorrow,” emphasized Captain L. I. Aretz yesterday afternoon when asked what would happen to the air show if storms should appear. Thus the officials appear confident that today’s performance of the annual University AirportAmerican Legion air show will have fair weather. Starring Mike “Flying Irishman” Murphy, Earl “Whitie” Stein, members of the Murphy Flying Aces, and members of the 113th Observation Squadron of the Indiana National Guard, the show proper will get underway at 2 o’clock this afternoon. Program 9:30 a. m.—Model Plane Contest. 2:00 p. m.—National Guard Formation. 2:30—Murphy Plying Aces, bursting bomb-smoke. 3:00—“Granpa Snazzy,” “DipsyDoodle” flying. 3:15—Deadstick landing, Wm. Moose, Travelair. 3:30—Delayed parachute jump at height of 10,000 feet— Earl Stein. 3:45—Three-ship formation. Commander E. S. Leach, C. A. Middleton, and William Moose. 4:00—Cub takeoff and landing. 4:15—Banner towing. 4:30—Stunting, Mike Murphy in “Checkerboard Special.” 5:00-—Glider exhibition, looping. SDX Announces Contest Winners Winners of the final Sigma Delta Chi contest for the best writing in student publications this year, were announced last night by Sigma Delta Chi President Hugh Forster. Awards were made for the best news and feature articles appearing in the Exponent, the Engineer, and the Independent. Exponent writers winning the awards included F. Harmon, H. Wist, G. Frederick, D. Heiple, J. Collins, J. Torrence and R. Insley. From the Independent, R. Jenkins was selected, and F. Stamm and F. Horn were chosen from the staff of the Engineer. Winners will each receive a copy of Roget’s Thesaurus.THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
Sunday, May 22, 1938
Lemen Wins Low Hurdles In Conference Meet
Bodeau Finishes Second In Half Mile; Wolverines Retain Big Ten Track Title Bob Lemen was the only Boilermaker to take first place in any event at the Big Ten track meet at Columbus, Ohio, yesterday afternoon. He broke the tape in the 220 yard low hurdles ahead of Gedeon, of Michigan, and Teufel, of Iowa, running the distance in 23.6 seconds. Gedeon also took first place in the high hurdles.
Art Boreau took second place in the 880 yard run for four points, finishing behind Charley Fenske, of Wisconsin, by four-tenths of a second. Fenske’s time was seventenths of a second more than the meet record. Knapp and Lemen gave the Boilermakers their other two points, Knapp finishing fifth in the mile, running it in 4:17.8, and Lenien taking fifth in the high hurdles. Michigan Wins Michigan’s Wolverines came through with their sixteenth Western Conference championship as they piled up 61% poits for the third highest total ever amassed in the meet. Bill Watson was the outstanding individual performer, winning three events for the Wolverines. In the shot put he bettered his own record, set last year, by two feet. His distance was 52 feet, 11% inches. Watson also won the discus and the broad jump. Two records were bettered besides Watson’s shot put mark. Walter Mehl set a new mark in the two mile, running it in 9:10.4. The foi-mer Conference record was 9:19.8, and the former national collegiate record was 9:10.6. both set by Don Lash, of Indiana, in 1936. Dave Albritton’s mark of 6 feet 714 inches in the high jump, for Ohio State, broke the former record of 6 feet 5% inches set by Mel Walker, of Ohio State last year. The Purdue total of 11 poits gave the Boilermakers seventh place in the meet, in a tie with Chicago and ahead of Minnesota and Northwestern. Triton Club To Initiate Six Swimming Pledges Triton Club, co-ed recreational swimming organization, will initiate six pledges at the regular meeting of the club tomorrow night at 7:30 in the Memorial Gymnasium swimming pool. Co-ed pledges who will tajce part in the initiation ceremonies ai’e Ruth Swift, Dorothy Jean Hendrickson, Pat Clymer, Mary Margaret Helm, Marjorie Moore, and Libbie Hunter. A social hour will climax the meeting. Althea Jorgeson is in charge of the initia tion.
Hurdle Topper
Ohio Wins--(Continued from page 1)
luck pitcher, as he mowed the Buckeyes down with the exception of two innings in which the home team did all the damage, only one of the runs being officially earned. Kilmer, however, was master of the situation throughout the game, striking out five men and walking none in one of the most effective hurling exhibitions the Boilermakers have faced this year. Summary Purdue AB R H Hearne, 2b 3 0 1 Dickinson, cf 4 0 0 Stamm, If 4 ' 0 1 Mackiewicz, 3b 4 0 0 Dean, rf 4 0 1 Krause, c 3 0 1 Thompson, ss 3 0 0 Waling, lb 3 0 0 Mangas, p 3 0 0
31
0
Bob Lemen PM Department Will Present Last Movie Tuesday A quadruple feature, the last in this year’s series of visual education films, will be shown in room 101 of Michael Golden Shops Tuesday and Wednesday afternoons at 4 o’clock. On the program for this last presentation of sound movies is “Beach and Sea Animals,” a picture dealing with the physical structure and activities of these animals. Another movie, “Electrochemistry,” will explain electrolysis and its application to electroplating. This picture will also discuss the electrolytic refining of copper and the storage battery. Third on the program is a film on “Colloids,” which will be followed by “The Solar Family,”(Continued on page 3)
Ohio State AB R H Wasylik, ss 4 0 1 Myers, 2b 4 0 0 Washburn, cf 1 0 0 Dorris, cf 0 0 0 Laybourne, lb 3 0 1 Wulfhorst, c 4 1 1 Conklin, rf 3 1 2 Smith, If 2 0 0 Pape, 3b 3 0 0 Kilmer, p 3 0 0 27 2 5 Purdue 000 000 000 0 Ohio State 010 001 OOx 2 Score by innings: Two base hit, Conklin. Three base hit, Krause. Walks, Mangas, four. Strike Outs: Kilmer, five; Mangas, four. Hit by pitcher, Hearne (by Kilmer). Sacrifice, Laybourne. Errors: Purdue, 2; Ohio State, 1.
Baseball Finals... ... in interfraternity competition were not played yesterday afternoon as scheduled, because of the rain. The games will be played, however, tomorrow afternoon at 4' p. m,. on diamond three on intramural field. The firjst game will be between Phi Delta Theta and Beta Theta Pi. The winner will meet Tau Epsilon Phi for the championship immediately following the first game.
Graham To Defend Crown In River Swim By W. W. Weijola In response to an Exponent interviewer, John Graham, winner of last year’s river swim, stated last night: “The prospects of breaking the existing record of 22 minutes and 55 seconds are fairly good. The river is pretty high this year so we are not expecting to have any trouble with the sand bars which bothered the boys in previous river races.” When questioned as to whether he had any particular plans for this year’s race, Graham stated, “I am going to try to get out in front and stay there.” Fifteen men have entered the race which will take place tom morrow afternoon. The race, which is to begin at Lincoln Lodge will start at 4:15 p. m., and the swimmers are expected to reach the Brown street bridge about 25 minutes later.
League Results NATIONAL LEAGUE Won Lost Pet. New York , 19 7 .731 Chicago 17 12 .584 Boston 13 11 .541 Pittsburgh 14 12 .538 Cincinnati 14 12 .538 St. Louis 12 14 .461 Brooklyn 11 19 .367 Philadelphia 6 17 .261 Yesterday’s Results Chicago 10, Philadelphia 1. Boston 5, St. Louis 1. z Pittsburgh 5, Brooklyn 4. Cincinnati 4, New York 1. AMERICAN LEAGUE Won Lost Pet. Cleveland 18 10 .643 ' New York 16 9 .640 Boston 16 10 .615 Washington 18 13 .581 Detroit 12 14 .462 Chicago 9 12 .429 St. Louis 8 18 .308 Philadelphia 7 18 .280 Yesterday’s Results New York 1, Chicago 0. St. Louis 5, Boston 3. Detroit 7, Philadelphia 5. Washington 5, Cleveland 4. ith 1,800 Copies... ... of the Debris delivered and 735 yet to be claimed, the distribution committee is expecting all the books to be called for this week. Wanting to get the books in the hands of the owners, the members in charge of distribution are anxious that students call for them this week at the Debris office in the Memorial Union Building. There are still a few extra copies for sale.
Little Dash of Ginger Upsets a College Town!
Sun-Proof HOUSE PAINT WATER sl[*AR ENAMEL $1.19 per quart Moore & Kemple HARDWARE CO. N. Side Square Phone 2577
SCOfTBWHlS WILCOXOH
-AND—
g.f A OR/WOhZ^ONAL PtCTURE”
Starting TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
MaiH
—PLUS— A Thrill Packed Action Spectacle! ‘EXILED TO SHANGHAI’ . —with Wallace Ford June Travis^Sunday, May 22, 1938
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
John Stewart Wins Camera Club will Hold
Ag Judging Contest; Gets Skinner Medal Outdistancing his closest com'^petitor by 24 points, John A, Stewart, Greensburg, won the annual livestock judging contest for 93 select ag freshmen, held at the Pavilion yesterday. Stewart got a total of 550 out of a possible 600 points. I’f' Tied for second place were B. F. Johnson and J. W. Henderson followed by J. D.^ Turner in close third. The contestants placed I’^eight classes of livestock—horses, sheep, cattle, and hogs—in the morning and gave oral reasons for their placings in/^Jie afternoon. Stewait was aw?»^ed the Dean J. H. Skinner medal at the smokier in the Union Building last ^flight at which winners were announced. To second place winner went a Hoof and Horn Club key, ind thiid, fourth and fifth places received their choice of books. Other high men in the contest |j,in Older of their placing from fourth to tenth are J. M. Maish, R. L. Igney, J. Slonaker, J. A. [jiCoopei, R. L. Razey, N. A. Phelps, and G. M. Smith tied for ninth, and C. F. Bowmar and A. D. Luers tied for tenth. High men in each of the four divisions of the contest were B. F. Johnson, horses; A. D. Luers, beef cattle; K. C. Burns, hogs; and J. A. Stewart, sheep. Scott Milligan,' county agent of Wayne county gave the main talk at the smoker, attended by more than 100 students and members of the Hoof and Horn Club, sponsors of the contest.
THRILL TO THEIR DEFIANCE OF THE BROODING, SINISTER, UNSEEN WORLDMENACE!
Final Meeting Tuesday Final Camera Club meeting for the year will be held Tuesday evening at 7:15 in room D of the Union Building with Harold Harvey Sci. ’41, as guest speaker. Harvey will show several reels of motion pictures made while he was working for a gold mining concern in Korea. These films will show something of the life and customs of the Koreans. Harvey also will show several reels of European scenes, taken on his return from Korea. In connection with the movies, a short business meeting ■\Vill be held, at which exhibition prints will be returned. Margaret Fantone Wins Award For Profidency Margaret Fantone, Sci.^ ’38,Veceived a silver medal for her proficiency in French, at the Alliance Francais banquet recently at Indianapolis. This award, which has been made for the last six years, is given to a senior student in a course in French conversation and composition. Prof. J. T. Fotos and students from his French conversation class in the University accompanied Miss Fantone to the banquet. Professor Fotos spoke at the banquet.
The Weather
Forecast for Indiana: Generally fair in noith portion. Unsettled in south portion with possible showers in extreme south portion.
Ibur ]Mien and A 20th Century-Fox Picture with LORETTAYOUNG RICHARD GREENE GEORGE DAVID C. AUBREY SANDEIS* NIVEN-SMITH J. iDWASD BR0H6ESG • WILLIAM HENR7 • JOHN CARRADINB • ALAN HALE • REGINALD DENNY BERTOH CBDRCHILL • BARRY FITZGERALD
Starts TODAY
Agronomy Club Picnics At Soil And Crops Grove Under Overcast Skies Wet weather did not daunt the Agronomy Club yesterday afternoon at 35 members attended their annual picnic at the soil and crops farm grove. Faculty-student contests in sack race, leap frog, baseball, and other games were enlivened by the weather which made footing treacherous and enabled the picnickers to come into contact (literally) with the subject of their studies—the soil, in its muddiest form. Faculty members, having defeated the students in all events except one, the basebkll game, won possession of the “sickle,” according to J. T. Flanagan, club piesident. Professor J. P. Seaton, of the agronomy staff, led the faculty members in their upset of the students.
PM Movie(Continued from page 2)
animated pictuies showing the movements of Neptune, Uranus, Saturn, Jupiter, Venus, Mars, Mercury, and Pluto. All 42 films shown since the first of March have been presented through the cooperation of the Visual Education Bureau of Indiana University and the University’s department of practical mechanics. According to Professor Justus Rising of the practical mechanics department, the programs for the films shown were all prepared by Mr. Ford Lemler of Indiana Uni vei sity.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Prof. C. B. Murphy Will Talk To WSGA Professor Charles B. Murphy of the University history, government, and economics department, will lead the discussion of current events at a WSGA mass meeting in the women’s lounge Tuesday at 4:15. Professor Murphy has recently given a series of informal talks at some of the sorority houses. He will be prepared to answer questions at the conclusion of the talk which he will give at the meeting. Mary Alice Learning, WSGA president, will introduce recently elected officers, cabinet members, and executive board members of WSGA to the co-eds. Scriveners Will Initiate Spring Pledges Tonight Formal initiation for spring pledges to Scrivener Club, creative writing organization, will be held tonight at 5 p.m. in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building. The initiation services will be followed by a banquet for all members of the club at Wheeler’s banquet room. Pledges to be initiated are L. G. Alexander, Lee Boshong, Mona Jane Balcom, C. E. Blocker, J. S. Dupree, Eleanor Fink, Charlotte Finney, Ruth Hauptli, J. D. Hoffman, L. G. Lind, J. 0. Minier, Georgeann Schilling, Virginia Sid well, R. C. Springgate, G. J. Ta fel, W. Shaw, Maiy Thompson, Elinor Ward, C. H. Waldhauer, Georgia Lee Weigel, Betty Wickard, H. Wist, R. Spraker, and Sally McKee.
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS— Adding machines, sold, rented, purchased, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St.
FOR SALE—New Palm Beach summer formal. Never been worn. Cost $20. Price $13.50. Size 38. Call Jim 76272.
LOST—^Brewster wrist watch between 10 and 12 p. m. Friday night on Main street between Lafayette and Village. Reward. Parker at 4916.
CARRIER BOYS!—Desiring to deliver papers for the Exponent next semester, write Circulation Manager, vpurdue Exponent, 312 North Fifth St., Lafayette.
LOST—Chemistry notebook, a raincoat and galoshes with name inside. Reward. Call Lind at 75721.
Sophomore and Junior Cheerleaders: All those interested in positions on the cheerleadmg squad for next year report to Woodworth’s office in the Fieldhouse Tuesday, May 24, at 4 p. m —WELLBROCK.
Triton Club: Formal initiation at the meeting Monday, May 23, at the Memorial Gym Swimming Pool at 7 .30 p. m —JORGESON.
ME Grad Will Receive A. P. Sloan Fellowship Elliott M. Gordon, ME ’32, pioduction engineer and assistant to the vice president of the Griggs, Cooper & Company, St. Paul, Minn., has been chosen to receive an Alfred P. Sloan Fellowsihip to MIT, announced Dr. Karl T. Compton, president of the Institute, last night. From 164 men eligible for the fellowship, five men were selected by the' committee to attend MIT starting this June, for a summer and a full academic year of intenive training in business, finance, marketing, economics, and sociology. Mortar Board Gives Initiation Banquet Mortar Board, national women’s honorary, held initiation at the home of Professor Elizabeth M. Mitchell this morning at 7:30 for the spring pledges. The initiation ceremony was follode by a breakfast in honor of the new members. Pledges were selected on the basis of scholarship and participation in campus activities. The newly initiated members are Mary Cooley, Georganna Huber, Betty Kline, Virginia Laramore, Mary Alice Learning, Sally McKee, Betty Jo Sexton, Georgiana Pittman, Mary Wein, and Martha Wood.THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday, May 22, 193^
The Week’s NEWS (Continued from page 1) Wednesday night following an operation for a stomach ailment on Tuesday. The blond, curly-headed impersonator of Christ died at the age of 63 at a hospital in Munich, Germany. Trained since birth for the role of Christ, Lang portrayed his part from 1900 to 1930 in the Passion Plays, presented usually just once a decade by the villagers of Oberanimergau, Germany, for over three centuries. Mexico’s President . . - . . . Lazaros Cardenas indicated yesterday he would remain in the San Luis Potesi state until the impending revolutionary spirit at that place had subsided. The trouble was brought to a near-war stage last week with Mexico’s severing of diplomatic relations with England. Reports from the Mexican government said all was quiet in the troubled zone but an anti-aircraft battery and army radio transmitters had been sent to join the government forces stationed there. WAR Japan’s . . . . . .juggernaut of war completed occupation of Suchow Friday, capturing this key city to China’s central front defenses. Japanese Rising Sun flags waved over government buildings, while main Chinese forces withdrew southward with bombs and strafing machine guns thinning disorderly, retreating ranks. High Japanese officers stated that 40 Chinese divisions, averaging 4,000 men each, were surrounded in the Suchow area without a chance of escape. They declared emphatically that a new campaign, destined to carry Japan’s armies westward through the heart of China south of the Yellow river, already was under way. Chinese Planes . . . . . . winged over towns in Japan proper Friday in a bloodless air raid. They dropped not bombs, but one million leaflets containing peace propaganda. The leaflets, addressed to the workers, peasants, intellectuals, and soldiers, urged Japan to abandon the war, pointed out that the island cities were at the mercy of the Chinese. China’s War Minister Ho YingChin explained the raid: “Our airplanes could have dropped bombs, but Japanese militarists are China’s only enemies—not the Japanese people.” Spanish . . . . . . belligerents both claimed successes Friday, the Rebels in the Teruel area near the Mediterran-
ean, and the Loyalists in the north near the Pyrenees. Insurgents in the south captured the fortified town of Villfrancas del Cid, and assertedly wiped out a Mediterranean Loyalist salient 16 miles deep.
NAT80NAL A Giant Airliner . . . . . . with nine persons aboard, took off into the dense fog suiround' ing Burbank, Calif., this week, pointed its nose towards an area where 18 persons were killed within a 16-day period last year, and disappeared. Two days later, after the fog had cleared, searchers found the plane, new from the factory, on the side of a Sierra Madre mountain less than 50 miles from Burbank. All passengers were found dead within the burned and badly mangled wreck. Fred Whitmore, vice-president of Northwest Airlines, had gone along “just for the ride.” “A Miracle” . . . . . . said Dr. J. W. Hoffman, physician attending Constance Marie Cowan, 22 months-old toddler who fell out of a ninth-story hotel window in Indianapolis Thursday. “This is one of the ‘Ripley’ cases” he stated after three hours of examination under X-i’ays failed to disclose any broken bones or internal injuries. Chicago Relief . . . . . . reached a crisis this week when city relief officials announced their funds depleted. All services were cut off except medical care and distribution of emergency rations, as protesting pickets gathered at six stations bearing “Soak the Rich” signs. Mayor Burton of Cleveland on Wednesday urged “all possible speed” to a state House of Representatives investigation of the Convention City’s” present relief emergency. The worst in the history of the city, according to officials, it brought a horde of sit-
downers to the City Hall to protest ‘^starvation relief.” BUSINESS Nation Wide . . . . . . observance of air mail week honored 20 years of government and private air mail service this week. Established May 15, 1918, transcontinental air service was under government supervision until the air mail commerce act of 1926 which brought private industry into the field. National Strikes . . . . . . threatened by railroad labor unions, aided government efforts to forestall attempts of railroad lines to put in effect the proposed 15 per cent wage cut, July 1. The Railway Labor Executives Association charged that strikes would be the ultimate result if the railroads pressed their $250,000,000 wage reduction plan. Under the Railway Labor Act, the showdown will probably be delayed until fall, government executives state Friday. First Trial . . . . . . under the Wagner Labor Act began Monday in the Federal District court at London, Ky. This first criminal prosecution under the act insuring labor the right to organize will be against 22 coal firms and 47 individuals of Harlan County, center of southeastern Kentucky’s rich soft coal fields.
CAMPUS “We’re Awfully Proud . . . . . . of the brave misguided fellows who dashed off to Europe a couple of decades ago,” wrote the editor of Toronto University’s Varsity, this week, “but it’s doubtful if any cause whatsoever could drag off much of a representation from this generation to fertilize the fields of France.” Reading this, the editor of the Daily Texan realized his colleague had something there, clipped the editorial, and published it word for word in his own paper.
City Meat & Poultry Market
220 North Third St.
Phone 5372
TO EXPRESS TRUNKS HOME —CALL— Deac’s—2976 Agency: Western Union—Postal Telegraph Lending Library Flowers a We buy secondhand college textbooks everyday. DEAC’S H. G. Reisner
About the same time Washington University’s Student Life editor copied a similar article from the Los Angeles O’Collegian that was titled “More Flanders Field?” This time the theme was “ . . . are we going to let ourselves be the future dead of America, or are we going to enthusiastically take a stand against war, and live, not die, for America?” Collegiate pacifism takes an upturn. “Where’s your fan?” . . . . . . cried a Harvard freshman to lecturer Sally Rand as she addressed a yearling smoker on the topic, “How to be Intelligent Though Educated.” Wise frosh doubted not only her sincerity, but also her qualifications for advising college students. Some sneered, others confined themselves to wisecracks like, “What’s your phone number?” Sally admitted it was quite a novel experience.
WOMEN IN THE NEWS Amelia Earhart’s . . . . . . woman’s distance flight record was broken twice this week, each time by a French woman. Sunday Elizabeth Lion landed safely after flying 2,533 miles to break the three year record. On Monday morning Madame Audre
Dupryon took off . . . until Thurs;^ day, when it Was discovered that| she had been forced down near tet el Ahm, Algeria, 37 miles farther! than Miss Lion had traveled, shel had been listed as missing. Mad.-^ ame Dupryon’s plane was dam-| aged, but she was unhurt. May 22 to May 28 . . . . . . will be designated by the Am elia Eai-hart Foundation as Amelia Earhart Week, in an effort to acquaint the nation with the wor^^ of the foundation. Secretary of Commerce Roper commended the foundation Thursday for its work] not only in continuing the rf« search of this “intrepid woman,” but in offering scholarships to continue educational work in aviation. Dr. Worzella To Present PaperAtChem Meeting Dr. W. W. Worzella, of the Uriiversity agronomy department wifi I present a technical paper at thef meeting of the American Associa-J tion of Cereal Chemists to be helc in Cincinnati May 23 to 27. On May 24 Dr. Worzella will | speak before a symposium on soft wheat, discussing the subject “The Technique of Producing a New Wheat.”,
• the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Beekst'ores
"DEAC" Everything for a College EduccflSon Ho G. REISS9ER SOUIHWORTH'S Everything for the Purdue Student • Beauty Studio • EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • Co-ed Special, Thurs. - Fri. KIEHLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7T27
• Printing
□
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE _ SUUoMfy..
WciidlnB itiviUllons
PHONE - S.I«iook..Ete.... 2 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408FERRy
• Locksmith
LAWN MOWERS NEW—USED—SHARPENED New Mowers 6.50 and op. Delivery service on Mowers. MULHAUPTS Phons 2828-209-11 N. 5th Si.
Florist
638 Main St. in linna Thaafaa Bnildlnc Phone 7955—8050
Have Your BEST MEAL at the NU CHINA CAFE 409 Columbia • Professional The Riak Dental Oinic !». PAUL. A. sniK DK. BABOU) 1. SUK BE. mourns «. bmk LurilB 4th & Main