, I , h/
4/' *
H'K5-,.;3 ..■■■•' , • ^ - ', ■'-■■•■*:■'! ■ -4' WvfMir V.-,,. ,. . ^ < , , t ^ '' ','• '- ' : I IjsiTORIAL ASKS mL MERRY-GO-ROUNII ? I , .Where Army's 'Lost Of War Productton'--j.'., I Battalion' Hides Out w ‘ m Board's New Economies ItilH^e 5S»/No. 104 , Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana Sunday, March 14, 1^3 niversity Releases Campus Scholastic Standing Ut%\c Ann RaaLc Tweedale, Alpha Gamma CfliTipdign Ii6ts OUU Books p; Beta phi, wood Hall Lead W. Hepburn /^^„y isjayy ]/^,ii Qiye Small Boys Others In Their Respective Divisions ' JYiay fmXZGnQ *' Scholarship standings of various University organizations have been computed for tile fell It • O C J. IJlifiniil term and comparatively ranked. The all-campus index fell from 3.89, for the summer term, jClQlfQCtlOn f IfflWlf Wll« If ^ t OTGr Ww 1% H ^ ^ point. Sorority women again came through with the highest averIf .■ ■ wW ■%■ i^v 4.23. Second in standing were the non-sorority women with 4.16. The average for all •;?L'bSs than 600 books have | ^ mMe ■ f ^ I women students was 4.18, topping, the men's mark of 3.85 by .31. Fraternity men were over h^eh Contributed for the 1943 ■ ” ■ wfS? Vv V^VlIfWlWWl _ |X ^J^o^^'t^3,ternity men by a 3.87 to a 3.84. On the whole, organized students were above uno:l^ y|igtory Book Campaign which ^ ... , _ p ,, — - Ww vil ganized men and women with %ah on the campus last Mon- 18001(13165 TOf dOIII ri u i . Two undersized dirtv-faced boys, A indicesof3.95and3.90,red^: Letters have been sent to u/sij t l c Cyam SipiflQ NU NSOphytSS looking very much turofpTace^Tp- Activiti6s^Dur69u Opens retitioniny spectivdy. Thehighest^. ^ presidents of fraternities VVIli ldK6 jdlTl6 EXOill preached the, coed in charge at ' lii Ptis index, 4.56, was attained .e"°SafJ„T Derby s;j^l!l3;prf p For Junior, Senior Jobs; Sophs Eligible ^c!'AXh“ Uttits. The campaign is sched- y. - , ^ Petitions Due By 5 ^Ije fraternities with a 4.60 died to last until Friday Mar ifying test at the various high riOITl 111613 A1 rrOSlI inquired, “Where are all the girls?” /U/Q I prffiriac Wednesdav In Office Pi ™ 1,9^ but may be extended until gcJjools and colleges in Indi- Coed in charge answered 7 r J ImGCZlMfGS 7 the soronties with a 4.46. tnp end'of the month, according to t,,. • h t t- Hardy track men comprising the their solemn question by explaining Elections for junior and sen- Pi ®®ta Phi Tops Sororities W. M. Hepburn, head librar- ana, Illinois ano lientUCKy, ac- pledge class of Sigma Nu came that many of the girls were off to ior nositions on the Activities Heading the sororities for fUe i^ft. ' cording to an announcement through for the second consecutive college for the morning. When the ^fl iyidriBagG " positions uii tne Activities straight time was Pi Bgte ’ Books collected in the campaign released by Dr. H. H. Rem- to cop the pajama race from uttle fellows almost heart-brokenly ureau W1 6 e ^ SOOn. e 1- pj^.^ ranking of the sororfrios distributed to the vai'ious iTiers, of the University De- erstwhile Theta Xi pledges. The replied, “WeVe come to play with Tl%a a0^ ' 9 tions for these positions must was as follows: libraries in camps, on ships and nartment of Education and them.” 0©Of#l f liLSrSDaY be handed in to the Activities pj pjjj ,45 overseas with the armed forces. Applied Psychology and director of f”''' if'?' • the boys, she left her Bureau office by Wednesday Kappa Alpha Theta”I.l’””'I’ 4^28 PaH of the collection from the cam- the qualifying tests for civilians in team was Ed post to look for some playmates for AW^ is sponsoring a series-of at 6 p. m. Alpha Chi Omega 4.27 2 mtuTest:d"2r"crds Edl" “av'eveX \he Anyone is eligible to petition Ohi Omega .... 4.25 tke^rest is unknown. Tto 11 o’cloX"'"®’ the little fellows dash, perhaps with West Faculty Lounge of the Union. jobs whether he ^IZZ'l lis liist Of Donors To Be Printed a u 9 yai’ds. Two Sigma Nus, Bob expectancy, to those inner sanctu- There will be four lectures alto- ^as worked on the Activities Bureau Alpha Xi Delta 414 ; lionors of books, not belonging Sixain Smith and Doug Wallace finished aries of WRH on first floor. gether by speakers highly educated The petitions must contain p^. tli'some organized house, may bring The qualifying exam will be given in second and third place respec- As the boys were once again in the field of marria'ge. information about the work done, if Among the Women’s^ tkdlv books to the University Li- o"Iy this time. All eligible can- tively. safely outside. Miss Coed heaved a The guest speaker this Thursday ."T Halls, Wood Hall was first. The birAry during open hours, and dona- didates should contact then neai- Living up to their advance no- sigh of relief and half mumbled to evnine will be Dr Marie Wessels work in the Bureau, students halls with resnect to theim tidns from fraternities, sororities, ^st high school principal or college tice, the Thetas, under whose porch herself, “My, what is this younger of Chicago who will speak on the indices, were in the following order: th^ halls and other organized groups I'epresentative immediately in or- ^he fleet-footed pledges must pass, generation coming to?” snbiect “Marriap-e as a Normal "Rp accumulative index; and whether he v^ill be taken in the office of the Stu- Jer to be certified to take the April let fly with plenty of H.O and com- iationship.” These talks are for f tend school this summer. dent Union between 4 and 6:30 any 2 examination. Another test will pigtely saturated the passing pa- ^ "T LJ I S sixth seventh and eiirhth term Old petitions are available m the . Mtemoon. At the end of the cam- P^ob^bly "ot be given for six r^fle. So complete was their work C efGS / O flOW ' wmnen onW Activities Bureau office for refer- “ - “T T palen a list of groups donating will "loi'ths. ^ that Roger Powell, Sigma Nu, col- . , . , . , • , ence in helping the student to fill Ann Tweedale House, SCA, tppbe cpnjpiled and the list along with The Navy College Training Pro- lapsed immediately after the show- i wishing to at- his petition. Because of the ped the list of women s house clubs, the number’k volumes contributed gram, known as W12, has an- er. JTTIdll tend must turn m a statement, giv- possiblt lack of juniors and seniors The remainder of the houses ranked Will be printed in the Exponent. Hounced that eligible candidates winning the race, the .speedy ^ ^ . W Dr' w3"s kctuTlnT ac- f 4 66 ’ The types of books most desired must have reached their seven- Sigma Nu pledges managed to keep (2y:!iSnC Di. Wessel s lectuie and ac so hand in petitions. The Bureau’s Ann Tweedale House, SCA .... 4.66 ai-e current best sellers, adventure teenth and not their twentieth birth- thrirbeloved tiophra^ LjfafflS U 0111051 companyrng the statement there office will be open from 4 to 5 every Casa Manana 4.41 afld Westerns detective and mvsterv days by July 1 Eligible candidates 1 +1, <■n u n • li 1 u -n he a lefeience fiom the head afternoon to receive petitions. Collegiana 4.38 apa westerns, aetective and mysteiy nays oyauiyi n^iigiDie canciiaates place that they call home. Ceres, agricultural honorary, will resident, house mother or some - Novadale ....4.38 fiction, technical books published must also be high school or prep- - g^cond annual Corn and other person of authoritv on cam- ^ _ . . . . Lrri= Menor i alrtCe 1936, funny books, books of aratory graduates, high school sen- Small Grains Judging Contest next ^us These forms nLt be turned TfS At joljiCs, humorous stories, pocket lors who will bC graduated by July \0|t IJfOSiliZBS Saturdav The contest will be held ? Z 4.u'Awa -i u t-+v . U UUo I G iB^tLM bDoke, c»n-ont laneuase tets, 1, and high school atudeala who do "9 ■’'®" f„ “ho c.witbo “aSt of Aa S 1 ^ ^ ± A J. ^ Cyolyn Shoemaker SCA 4.19 books .bout the war and other re- not hold certidcates of graduation » , _ , Ldents f™^ S.f f BanQUCt At 6 S't^Be iU New iecrel iOCiety university wm be eligible to par- . 4 , ; , Roselawn 7^ fiooks not wanted are worn or continuing their education man ac- ' ticipate in the contest which be held _ , ^ . Wa/I Tr^fAZly: iZ soiled volumes or those with loose credited college or university. First dinner meeting of the “We from 1 to 4 p. m. C!o©d. StQft f 7 f SCJMCf/ as” COVeri and pages. Also undesirable The Army College Training pro- Dood it again Club” was held Fri- Prof. F. E. Robbins, of the .,, , • „ „ sixth year the annual rp^® pf-Ar„' ^‘04 atfe.books with fine print, faded or gram is the same with one excep- day night at the home of Mr. and Agronomy Department, will judge 'V” ^® ® "'®®Hng of all stu^jg^t Co-operative Banquet will for the diSpdlorCd Paper or popular maga- tion, the age limit runs from seven- Mrs. David Pfencller. The purpose the contest which will use only ®" *‘'® 7:^ T] be held Wednesday evening in the J rides. Some journals of a scholarly,, teen to twenty-two years. of the meeting was to organize the classroom grain from the crops staff in the Exponent office at 4 South Ballroom of the Union at 6. ^ sderttific and technical character Officer candidates, in addition, new club which is expected to laboratory./ The contest is being P- m-Tuesday, March 16. Sched- rpj^jg celebration will probably be AmiiQ Rhn 4 Bn can be used, but for the most part must have scholastic qualifications, spread to other colleges through- sponsored by Ceres in an effort to worked the last of the large scale ban- Tv^no-m 7^9. these Will not be sent to camps, but must be citizens of the United out the nation. “I dood it too” Butz awaken interest in and to improve -—LAUER quets held by the SCA for the dura- AlDhaKanna Lambda 4*29 to the Committee on Aid to Li- States, be morally and- physically of the agricultural economics de- ability in crop judging. The contest tion, as any other program will be Alnha Chi Rho 4*22 brnfies in War Areas. These will be qualified, and show potential officer partment, was elected president of fle divided into Junior and DgILS Chi individual or have a much smaller A«op-o 4fl7 sertt to libraries in Britain and else- qualifications. the organization and Dr. T. K. Senior divisions. attendance. w Aii.1^‘0 4nK whefe, where books have been dam- Men now in any enlisted branch Cowden, also of the agricultural The Junior division is made up ... journalistic honorary, an- Several members of the faculty, TApifa Delta 4 03 a^fed 01 lost due to bombing and of the armed services will not be economics department, will serve as gf freshmen and sophomores, and nounces the pledging of F. J. Vogh, including the Dean of Men and the Alpha Sigma Phi 4*02 eligible to take the test. promotional olficer and treasurer of the Senior division includes seniors J. T. Richardson, W. L. Vermilion, Dean of Women, will be present as pj Kappa Phi j the club during the coming cam- and juniors. First and second place E. Murphy, W. H. Tyson, M. L. will the house mothers, advisors, pfli Gamma Delta 396 riA Vy^ill HnlH TrVnilfC Best SoldlGF ContGSt prizes wm be given to the winners Smith, R. J. Smith, T. L. Tilton, and members of the' men’s and Ghi 3.96 (■In ff III llUiU ll|yUlJ Officials emphasize that member- of each division, and the winners U. C. Martindell, J. Ackerman, J. P. women’s cooperative houses on pj^j Epsilon 3 95 m , D I D d • • • sponsored by the Scabbard ship requirements are strict, but will have their names engraved on Wiske, J. T. Kimbrell, C. J. Dues- campus. Theta Tau 3.92 rOr I\6l3ys D68llty Blade, wm be held Saturday, anyone interested who possesses the Ceres Trophy in Ag Hall. ler, B. Squire, S. T. Wolfe, and Presiding during the entertain- Epsilon Phi . 3i90 ' ’ March 27, instead of March 24 as the necessary funds should contact Practice sessions for contestants D. W. Harding. A pledge meeting ment and dinner will be the presi- Upsilon 3*90 nilllAn TfimAI'f/lUl previously announced in the Ex- one of the officers of the organ- may be held after 4 p. m. Wednes- will be held Tuesday, March 16, at dent of the organization, Charles Theta Pi ' 3i90 UUvdl lUillUIIUW poiient. ization. day in the crop laboratory. 4 p. m. in the Exponent office. Antinaccio. pj^. Tau 3 89 PIA will sponsor a preliminary ' Lambda Chi Alpha 3.89 tryout to select an entry for the ^ Phi Sigma Kappa 3.88 Belays Beauty Queen tomorrow f49 ^ ? Sigma Chi’ 3.88 njght in the Union. Independents liGBytl/ JO t/t of- • • Sigma Pi 3.87 nht'in the SCA or not living in Phi Delta Theta 3.86 WjBH may enter the contest by call- | • • 9 1 Sk I 1"* I Sigma Psi 3.82 I53£r—Inquiring Reporter Blushes As Coeds, Eds ,’After the selection of the PIA “ * 1 Theta Chi 3.66 entry tomorrow night, a group pic- « I i * * Sigma Nu. 3.66 tute of the contestants will be jHk bu^ k m M MM LoB ■ Mf Mb Mf (Mb ■ (b^ JL ■ (b^ MMt • Alpha Tau Omega 3.fi6 mi^wQT nis Uuestions woncemino Udiing the taking of the picture was previ- m PAj Kappa Sigma 3-69 ously announced as 4:30, but had gj gtephensoii Theta Xi . 3:51 to be changed to allow the PIA Survey questions often embarass answer, and 58 per cent of the men opinion. en that think that they “do”. Ac- when ... well, there are exceptions.” Sigma Alpha Epsilon 3-48 entry to be included. inquiring reporter. The ques- agreed. One coed said, “At least After considering the question of cording to the results gained in the Another said, “It’s not all up to the Tau Kappa Epsilon.... 3.42 The Independents hope to have tion for this particular series of in- make an effort to look like you’re what should be done, the inter- first question, none of the girls in- girl; her date has a lot to do about The remaining campus grcflips at least one entry trom each room- tprviews was particularly blush-in- enjoying yourself, even if your date viewees were asked what they terviewed think that they “should”, deciding the question. rank as follows: ing house so that one may bo (p,gi,^g. respect. The question is disappointing.” She was prob- thought the “average” coed actually but they might know some of the 40 One cynical inale, when asked Men’s Residence Halls, Aone^ed . chosen to represent thein in the “How should or shouldn’t a cot ably referring to men who come out did do on a first date. Here the fig- per cent that they claim “do”. whether the coeds do, or don’t neck, Cary Hall—Northwest 4.16 final competition for Relay Queen, short in the sizing up. urcs took a sudden reveisal. The Bits of advice for the girls from said, “In my opinion, they don’t but Cary Hall—South (Unit A).... 4.30 specific man?” The results of the Conservatives formed a minority men were probably a little toward a few of the coeds were interesting, they sure look like they could.” Stu- Cary Hall—South (Unit B).... ^.14 If Ain't questioning were, in some cases, on both the masculine and feminine one end of the scale by bitter ex- They said that although a girl dents are reminded tha^ this is Cary Hall—South (Unit C-.... 3,98 contrary to those expected. A sub- sides of the ledger. Thirty seven perience, while the women were pos- shouldn’t neck on her first date, merely a compilation of many stu- Cary Hall—South (Unit DJ.— 4,33 a ^3 I I question, “With regard to ‘necking’, and one-half per cent of the coeds sibly influenced by reminine “catty- she should try to make the boy en- dent opinions, and that it may, or Oliver Perkins Terry House.. 3*95 IXxJLiL^VJLJiJl does she, or doesn’t she?” was also said that they thought the first date ness”, joy the evening. Hints on how to may not, have any direct bearing Men’s House Clubs, Co-op Hopses hpy there clarence revealing. was an opportunity to “See a nice Coeds and ods agreed that neck- do this were: “Don’t spend too much on the date that they have tonight. Bivouac 4.03 mudball went home so Size Up Situation And Man quiet movie, or something equally ing on the first date was done on the of his money”; “Find a common in- For a complete and unbiased sum- Chauncey House, SCA 4.10 i decided to rite yu On the first question, concerning conservative.” Only 9 per cent of campus. Surprisingly enough, how- terest if possible”, and “Change the mary of opinions, the percentages Circle Pines, SCA .. 4.00 tuday. he .sez that he what the coed should, or shouldn’t the men favored this point of view, ever, the coeds voted 40 per cent in old oil, that is, stay away from stock below may be studied. Citadel 3i>04 dont like the wether do the first time she goes out with One coed said, “I do think they saying that it was done by the “av- conversation makers about the Opinion Men Women Dover House , 4,0S here, i dont too. it someone, the majority of both eds should spend a nice quiet evening, erage” girl, while only 14 per cent weather, what class both date and Pet. Pet. Gold and Black 3.33 will probably snow and coeds thought thata the girl but not at a movie. The Blazer is' of the men held that opinion. May- dater are in and other stock stalls.” “Should” 33 00 International House 3*45 this noon, i hope it .should, “Size up the situation and much nicer.” Only men held to the be some of the 86 per cent of the Before deciding that coeds should “Size up date” 58 62.5 Kneale House, SCA 4.01 dont .snow j line 21 the man, and act, or not act, ac- belief that coeds “should neck” on men w'ho think that the coeds “Size up the situation”, one girl “Be conservative” 9 37.5 Luma House, SCA |.33 (hats sumer. cordingly.” Nearly two-thirds of a first date. In fact, almost exactly “don’t” on a first date, should meet said, “There comes a time and situa- “Does” .. . .14 40 Marwood House, SCA |.0S , - —SCREWBALL the women, 62.5 per cent, chose this one-third of the men voiced this some of that 40 per cent of the worn- tion in every young woman’s life “Doesn’t” . ... 86 60 (See STANDING, pagesf
page 2
Purdue Exponent
f \ d <"« -*
Sunday, March 14, 1943
Purdue Exponent
Offices Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhousc Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m , 5377 Ronorarj Editor W illiani (■ ilh the ( ol rs
Editor BOfiinesi Manager News Editor Managing Editor Senior Adiertisn g Mn Sports Editor Coed Editor Coed Business Fxccut ’
Dale F But Gerhard 11 Klouman Kobert W BoSwinkl Sallv Be 1 Tames G I'ett J soph S Dan sol A Jane Keim
Publication Staff I dilornl Staff Associate Editors F T \ gl | ] }t 1 rT on T T, T It W H T S n M L 'V rni I A1 L fani 111 C C Marlin d 11 E M irphs „ , tiedsiatr 1 Mills Mam Marti a L e E tgs Caroljn Wilbur Elaine Ahrens „ „ , Sports btalt G So nrds T Aclurman D Slir>er R Smitl
Business Staff Assistant \d>ertising Manager J Filpi Adiertising Managers J 1 lexon C Gaunt J McCullough J Tabb Circulation Manager R H Kiocihi Accounts Manager Mara Fills
Editor in Chief
The Purdue Independent
Bert Squier
Staff For This Issue Night Editor Vermilion Issue Editor Ahbctl Das Editor Ahrens Sports Editor Sowars Reporters H IfTnc! D nham Cr gor St i heiison Mayer Forsylhe Grotnc Bayn s Mi ri hy
Entered as second class matter at the post office in I nfay ette Indiana ui dcr the act of Congress of March 3 187 and at the spec 11 rate of lost ge provide 1 for in aectio 1103 act of October 3 191 ax thor zed January 20 1922 Pubh bed on Tuesday fh r d y Friday and Sunday morning during the yeai Dcluer d locally Iv earner for $1 7j for ! semester or 33 00 for t o semesterb I y mail for 00 for i semester or 33 oO for tv o sen este s Represented for nat ona adv lining by National Advertia mg Serv ce It c C II ge I ibhshers Representatives, 42l Madison Ave Nc y \ork Is A
3.55 ... to 1
on \G MN 0\ \G \IN One o iht (i z/iesl cjuj k', \\e\e seen in i lonj, time di d a pan Mho has made us wondci many i lime whetiui we weie eoniinj, fi comj- his been Phi Phi Sjhn Purity Pittm in aid AT 0 How it Ijui kholdtr "its they \t j,on( mi d ne it ij, an Sjhia is nox\ spoiling Howies ) i fc the G i\\ d ki ows how many the time—aidaspaiklei too \\ e only hope it lasts i little \ hile lonf,ei this in e e h ite pnntiiif, oppos inj, lateinents t\ti\ o 1 ei w el
iMISt hLL VM Ol S “* Lndei this we d like to n x nt on biiefh that the Phi iXlt an 1 th S t,s b tl had c ixentions down it Indi in pell la teecl eid \'e heai they wtie quite loin p i lu \ ft ill [jH tl it lieneeioith J will(\pctii qul a y ei 1 1\ inec 11 j tw o beti s ti oni at ai pii (ij ))l t 11 1 ] nil ill ek home O e tl tl olJ 1 i„yc till th it wt \e he lid late ly So ai In t t) t iiowd 1 w i time I oui-inf, eonditions wdi leiutelt ! i\( Ice n acl< by the 1 beta house motliei Mm ( ooti\ in sh uf gi tc i that all the Hit a 11 at IK 1 (f qk 1 11 ' in \ i i n tU thud ilooi of the IhetihoLi ( Vx h it t be b ill isioninq 1 Ut OIK ) w w i di 1 t 11 1 I tl t ill \ il J 1 nioi than i week wit) >ut nitjui ttiiq shot Aid thei theies tie tuy who took a wi nj, tun and-wdiked into the s diesMiij, loom o\ei it the Vomen s (,J iR 11'day night Isk Tsl
Army Falls Down... During the last few months, we have recei\ ed many conflicting stones concerning the Aimv-iNavy Specialized Tiaimng Piogiam, the Enlisted Reseites the diaft and othei pressing subiects but no ston has baffled us moie completely than the tale of the missing soldieis It was with eagei eyes and intense inteiest that we watched all avenues of ap pioach to Caiy Halls and the Sigma Phi Epsi Ion fiateimty duiing the last w eek in the hope that we would see the five bundled men who weie supposed to aiine heie last Monday So fai oui Mgil has been unsuccessful and oui hopes of seeing the aihny keep its woid foi once hav e been ludeh shatteied The Caiy Hall and fiateimtv men weie moved out last week end and then foimei abode has taken on an an of ghosthness since the lost battalion has failed to aiiive Uni v’’ersity officials and aimy officeis have com plfeted anangements loi feeding and housing the men and the instiuctional facilities of the University have been set up foi the beginning of classes winch was to have tak“n place to moriow This means that consideiable expense has alieady been accumulated without giving any of the desned benefits which weie supposed to lesult fiom the Aimy Tiaming Plan in the foim of tiamed men • The reason advanced foi the absence of the five hundred men is that is has taken longer to select and piocess the men than was oiig inally calculated The army notified the Univeisity that they would have the men here by March 8 and the University fulfilled then pait of the bargain Unfortunately, the aimy did not come thioiigh on the appointed date This IS another example of the type ot thing which tends to lower oui lespect for the oi ganization of which we aie soon to become a pai t In ordinal > business transactions, a man is not tiusted fuithei if he has failed to keep his word, and the same analogy applies heie The eiror of judgment heie has not been tiagic and has only lesulted in moie confusion and expense However the same mistake in judgment could be costlj on the field of battle A shipment of fiv e hundi ed men w hich an iv es a week oi two late might aiiive on the scene aftei the battle w as lost —d e b The Ratio
wisymTOK Tm U S r*t OM Merry-GO-ROUND ly DREW PEARSON Congressmen Praise, Beral'e Labor; Willson's Streamlining Increases Efficiency Of WPB ' WASHINGTON—CIO Picsidcnt Phil Muiidy hcaid some kind woid spoken iboiit laboi unions and also some cuistic ones it an off the lecoid dinnei winch he o ivc to LiO membeis of the House of Repiesenta tivcs last w eek The dinnci was held in a piivate dining loom of Washingtons new Hotel St itlei wheie ovei chicken (one piece) ind mashed potatoes, Muiray and othei top CIO Icadcis had a candid talk with the Congiess men about laboi s coopciation in the wai effoit I didn’t invite you Congiessmen here to ask favois of J on ’ said the CIO boss I want you to take down your hair and tell us what you think ol the CIO Ihe franker the better ’ The legiglitois took Munay at his woid The get togethei lasted fiom 8 p m to 12 30 a m and eveiy one had something to say Most of the speeches weie fnendly/to laboi but at least two Repiesentatives tuined on the vitiiol They weie Chailes M LaPol lette fieshman Indiana Republican (no ielation to the Senatoi fiom Wisconsin) and Geoige G Sadowski Michigan Demociat • Constructive Blast Sadowskis blist was along constiactive lines He chaiged that too many union kadeis weie pi lying politics and that many leadeis want to lun foi of fice ’ the moment they become piominent m laboi He cited the cast ot a Michigan CIO oflicial who giabbed off a big yob loi which he was unfitted in an OPA icgionil lent contiol office and whose mistakes he said weie giving libor a black eye in the vicimtv Labollette toie into the CIO for backing New Deal Representative Ray McKeough of Illinois against Re publican Senatoi Ciiilv ’ Brooks in the last senatorial election Muiray didn t have to reply The Hoosier’s speech was so patently political and prejudicial to Me Keough a highly popular House figure, that several Congressmen walked out on him Repiesentatives Waiien Magnuson of Washington Michael Biadley of Pennsylvania Mike Kiiwan of Ohio John Le=inski oi Michigan and otheis stiuck some foiensic blows foi liboi s paiticipation in the wpi effoit aftei listening to a fiank talk by Muiiav who defended laboi against chaiges of absenteeism I want you gentlemen to knovx that CIO unions are giving then all in this stiuggle ’ Murray declared Whatever absenteeism we aie guiltv of is involun tarv due to illness lack of transportation or othei unavoidable causes Ive sent down peisonal orders to the leaders of even CIO, union in the country to stop absenteeism Meic also doing all in our power to prevent stiikes The recoid shows that Republican Representative Geoige ri Bender of Ohio a fiequeiit critic of Now Deal labor policies almost caused the other guests to fall out of their chairs bv loudh applauding Muirav s speech and dc daring that every mcmb'“i of Congiess should have been heie to listen to u ® WFB Economics In the cocktail lounges aid Pullm in ciis a ston IS ttOing aouiid th it i J ip uicse ^-py lepoitcd to the Empeioi it would be useless to bomb Wa&hm-,ton because if one building wcic destioycd two oi thice otheis would icmaiii ill ol which aic doing the same w ork That tale is much moie th in a funny stoi y to WPB s Executive Vice Chaiim in Chailts E Wilson because he has found i lot of WPB outfits doing the same woik So he his oidoied i diastie stieimlining ol that top heavy oigdiization Wilson has sent to memo to WPB executions say in^ Good muiigcment dem inds we make the most effective use of oui present peisonnel ind conduct oui opeiations with maximum economy Then he listed th-^se economies (1) Suspeision oi all leciuitment foi nev jobs ind no new appoint meiits exempt by his specific ippioval WPB alieady his 21 500 employees plu 2400 on iequisitioii Yet the Budget Buie ui h is given it a job ceiling ot 22 000 (2) Immediate leduetioii oi tiavcl which Wilson says lepiesents i substantnl pait of the total WPB budget (o) Close eontiol ovei long distance telephone calls punting and binding It is i fond habit ot WPB exoeu tivcs to pick up the phone eveiy time they w int to say something to Detioit oi Eos Angeles To help yvith this economy Wilson has diafted Bci naid L Gladieux fiom the Budget Buieau Note With Milsoii coming into more power than the ousted I erd I berstadt ever bad Donald Nelson IS about to take a long vacation Ineideiitally Ebei stadt’s application for an Armv commission his been 1 ejected • North African Bombing Militaiy expeltb in V\ ishington aie now loieeisl mg piiv itely that Rommel s Afuka Coips w ill leceive the coup de giaee not fiom giound foices in Tuiiisi i but fiom Ameiieaii Flying Eoitiesses Then liigets will be Alls hipping Alieady A.\is supply lines fiom Sicily to funisii lie losing one ship out of eveiy thiee with the day light piecision bombing oi Ameiican pi ines doing most of the damage Soon the diyin„ giound will pumit opei ition horn fields elosei to this line ot supply ® Right On The Nose Iwo instances of pierisioii bombing hive won 1111 ized admii ition ) eie One w is i stii! e Oj- ui Axis imm 11 u on si ip m the liaiboi of Ti ipoli bcioic Rom nicl evacuated Eiom m altitude ot 21 400 feet a bomb stiuek the ship squaiely blew it to pieces and even destioyed the dock and two lighteis alongside Anothei in tante w is an itliek on Bi/eite in n ji thei 111 unisi 1 invUiitlialJ S plane 1 iiided a bomb o i tiny toigut ot 1 iiid on which weie imioilmt \\is install ition^ Rommel teais iii attack an 1 it was Hus tear which in part piomptei his >eeent drive against American loiees in the Kas eiine uea He w is able to take thiei 1 uuiing fields we had been using and belo e withdi iw ing he plowed them up Now they have been ri taken ind ire being reconditioned I lu tune will come when U S pi ineb will fill the air o ei the 1 mu lan coast and pievent deliveiy of any supplies That should be the end ot the Geimans in North Yfiiei {< opyiifeht 1'J4j by United F e itme S\ ndie lie Ine )
GRIN AND BEARTT
By LkInv
ha Looking Around By Jack Abbott and Jim Richardson The threat of being diafted into compulsory laboi in Germany has led many French youths to pieter gueiilla life ih the mountains to a life of diudgeiy beyond the Rhine According to recent Swiss repoits, the youths are foi the most part well armed even to the extent of 76 mm cannon and machine guns The au in most paits of Fiance is now charged'with the same tension that pieceded the dec-
Problems For
Fun
betiay il
X X
“Well, I diank a couple to be sociable, a couple to build my moiale, and a couple because it isn’t lationed—how could a fellow dunk any less than that‘s”
3’olbivinjip Jhs. J’SMJtdaihnA, Since ill the foundation b have been extend iig special in/itatioiib to the students ot the Uiuveisitv to the Navy Vimy men and Cui tiss Wiight gals stationed at the Umveisit to attend then func tions cla ses and devotional pei lods it seenib piopei to voice all of these sepal ite invitations in one laige invitation The foundatioi s encoiuage my one who is inteiested m then vvoik oi woibhip sei vices to feel wcleonc to ittcnd it all
times
The I niveisity PiesbYieuin Sund IV School which meets it ) oO m the Unive ity Chuie'i eveiy SuiKl IVI led by Di Go do i H Gi ives is completing the list chap tei of its stu Iv of the life of ChiisL IS leeoided in "M ul s Goopel The in un obieetivc of the cMss IS to study ind discuss subjects which uc of inteie t to Univeisity students ind w ith the conclusion of then piesont woil the class will select i new sul ject th it can be ip plied pailiculaily to Univeisity stu elents I ostei Rennei tudent h is ehaigi ot the devotion il p lit oi the meeting Invited to lead the conseiv ition seiviec foi the Youth Meet being held today in the ifteinoon ind eve ning at Monticello the Univeisit/ Chi I till! lound ition li sent i team ot stu(lents as leideis The team i composed of i male qu u tette iiicludn,^ boh Kin„ Jonn Mooie Oil Ml \'ellm 111 ^nd Byiru Spice Alie^Eoy ndMuilyn /aim w 11 I c 1 id als i These Xoulh M^et '■ponsoied by the Stale oi th Coiim ttee if to Chnsti 111 Ch iicli iie’tld i v ii i ous sectiois or the st ite fheii theme Is Dull 1 T xlay I e i i C hi is tun Woill ml iliov tiy to meet the s] eei 1 need ol tod iv youth Ivcv f) is( 1 J) 1st 1 of the sill dents ol the Itogei \\ illi uns 1 oiiii d it on 1 ofleiini ei e ol inlei estiiig Pic I istci sc 1 moils eovei I If, the tone Ihe Ici oi lie 1 tlic tios the seimon i dcsgiied to help youth meet eiiiei t e pen
cnees
the loiui ol the Rcmei Mil
limis round ition is piesentuig a SOI ICS of discussions entitled ‘ Wh it IS Peisonal Religion Tonight the tonic 1 Why Piav The I uthci m Student Associa tioii yyill hen Muy Doty discuss btindud of Living The meet mg yvill be held it 7 30 in loom 301 ot thf’ Union The I uthcian Chinch seivices stall it 10 30 on Sundvy and clui mg the Le iten season theie is i special scivicc held it 7 "0 on Wed nesdav'Next Sund ly Much 21 1,11010 yvill be i soei il meeting it the home of Rev Stelldoil foi the lutheian students W 1 esd ly evei mg it p u in the n imon i,,c of the West I af ly ette b iptist Chuieh theic yvill be i discu SR 11 led by the pistoi cn titled y h it I the C iiistim Re ligioi ’ \11 students uc yycleomc The 1 igci Will mis lound ition Sciiioi I uuiuot yvill he held on E i d IV M11 11 I ) m 111 the t y itl 11 Ion s 1^ ill lielctb ue fi lo md they m ly i e ol t lined by phoiini„ 6S07 losephine Dix is el 11 m 11 ot the aft ui The B ipti t cniois V ill i uesl ill the best ill iiound scniois will be leeog nizcd in i sj eei 1 u The c il 1 "1 y hieli f ovei ns the
0
Rofci Willi m 1 eui elation have vots 1 it 1 educe its si/e I i the duiatioii fiom 22 membeis to 12 iiiemlic s Di ties hive lecii com billed and m 11^ etivities h ve le 1 cuU 111 u Iceiuse ct the wu
PATRONl/E I XPOM N1
ADVrP USERS
NOW SHOWING First run hit
Hitfi-' Mew Hciqhts 111 Hilirii) with America s Ridio Favorites' LUM & ABNER Visit tilt Bi9 Cif/ for the Spree of a Life Time when Abner Gets the Nc ion He !hs Only TWO WEEKS TO LIVE — ilDDCD - Boomfowm D. C. A New Issue of This Amend Series
lardtion of war in the fateful fall of 1939 The French people cue definitely tiled of being 1 tiled by t,he Nazis through Vichy and look forward to the
lo laeihtatc then considciation when the woid Vichy stands pioblems should be handed in on foi only mineial wqtei and a health sepaiate signed sheets befoie 4 30 spa and not politics coiiuption and
p m Eiidiy of t'le week of the posting oi the pioblem Include with each solution a signed state ment that the solutions was ob tamed unissisted Solutions aie to be hmded in at the Mathematics
Office
PROBLEM 10 The age of Diophaiitus may be computed from the epitaph Dio phantus passed 1/6 ol his life in childhood 1/12 in youth, and 1/7 more is a bachelor fiyc years after his maiiiage was boin a son who died foiii years bcfoie his fathei at half his father s age Solution of last week s pioblem M Asti ah 111 submitted the follow
ink
I ct t = total amount ol heiitage k—numbei ot hens t i a + = iniount fust hen takes
Eiee Polish gioups yvhich have been grouped iji London since the fall of their country are alarmed oyei the appeal ance of what is an apparently Russian sponsored rival with the pi evocative name of “Free Poland” for the title of its official oigan This as yet veiled, clash has caused some concern in diplomatic quarteis throughout the United Nations foi fear that more competing govcinments in exile might spring up undei different sponsorship within the allied nations The Moscow newspaper has already created some di sCnsion in Polish ranks by denouncing the so called “imperial istic tendencies” of Polish circles in Biitain and the United States
1
t
Li (>'
-)] =
Since ill shaies le equ il yve cqu ite the exp essions ibove This gives t ” i (n 1) Then cieh hen leeeives in mioimt a (n 1) (found by sub stituting the v iliu of t m the imount the fust Imu iecoi\es ) Theicfoi e t i(n 1) i(n 1) (ii 1) Dr. C. H. Robettson yvill spell to the Eoicstiv Club fucsliv evening it 8 00 p n in the i ulitouuni of the Iloiticul tuie Building Ills uh|eet will be rhmgs io bo Seen on the Ro id to Tol VO Di Roboitson oi Big 1 ol bit IS he IS 1 nown on th earn pus Ills spent sevcial yeai s in the I ai E ist IS m tngmcci md 1 is Icetu es i e iiopul u mi cduct tioiiil \11 students md f iculty u oidiillv invited to itteiid Phi Sigma Kappa soei il fiateinity held i bin qiKt ve teidiv in celebi ition of loundeis U iv Membeis ol the Univeisity of Illinois eh iptei weie guests iidliofcssoi R Phillips of till II toiy ml Goveinmcnt di putiienl ilditssed the meeting
DR
PAUL A RISK
DR
LUTHER A RISK
DR
HAROLD ) RISK
— DENTISTS —
400 404 Schultz Bldg
4th and Main Sts Phone 5701
ARC
TODAY AND MONDAY SECRET AGENT OFJAPAN / PRESTON FOSTER LYNN BARI
and —
MFAYiSTtt — NOW PLAYING —
A screenful of entertainment! 19 grand hit songs! with GEORGE GENE _ SayWHY-KELLV MARTA BEN y PICTUIVE LUNA
TODAY and TOMORROW
Every wuman lias lier iirice
Ud no price to too liifjli to pay for ttre love of her sister A WARf !1 BROS. Pictore w th lACK CARSON • GLADfS GEORCF MARS NOW PlHINi:
A Paramount Pictura siarnno ★ BING CROSBY ★ BOB HOPE ir- FRED MacMURRAY ★ FRANCHOT TONE ★ RAY MILLAND ★ VICTOR MOORE ★ DOROTHY LAMOUR ★ PAULETTE GODDARD ★ VERA ZORINA ★ MARY MARTIN ★ DICK POWELL ★ BETTY HUTTON ★ EDDIE BRACKEN ★ VERONICA LAKE ★ ALAN LADD ★ ROCHESTER
A R A y
%I i>
smday, M^rtih 14,194M
Boilermnker Spf^rts
Page 3
Thrills And Drama At Turdue Relays^ Mar. 2T
Coed Views Sports Situation
Tank Coach Plans Galacade
Cleveland Begins Spring training Here Tomorrow
'Plans For Another Coed Describes Future
Gala Wafer Show
Start'--Papenguth
Intercollegiate Contests
Before the week is over the Fieldhouse will certainly have an appearance of Spring as the Cleveland Indian baseball team gets down to the serious work of conditioning themselves for the coming 150 odd game season. Lou Boudreau ai rived here Friday to make the final arrangements foi the squad which will amve hcic some time tomoilow Coaches Bint Shotten and Del Bakei will bung a squad of 28 playeis, consisting of the batteiymen who have signed the contiacts as well as seveial infieldeis and out fieldeis, fiom Cleveland May Lose Mack Anothei pioblem appealed on the hoiizon last Fiiday foi Boudieau to solve when Ray Mack, the Indians’ stellar second baseman, was called to take the Aimy scicening test Should Mack successfully pass this test he will be slated foi induction next month Mack, who has been in 3-A because of his wife and child, has planned to continue his i\oik in the Cleveland w ai plant as a layout engineei while peifoiming it see ond base with the Indians this sum mei Mack came to the Indians
fi0s gp&t$
longct a spot lemains in a garment, the hatdet it is to get out. Nevet have a gaiment pressed unless all spots are removed, because, undet heat, spots arc likely to develop into peimanent stains
Trust spotted fabrics only to trained experts like outs. Remember—safe spot removal, in most cases, requires specially prepared materials and a thorough knowledge of fabrics.
► Workout On New Shorter Track
Beginning next week Herm Phillips’ tiackmen aie going to get a little jump on the field by staiting'daily woikouts on the new one tenth of a mile tiack m the Fieldhoust This tiack is the one to be used loi the Puidue Relays Everjone seems to be mighty anxious to run on the shoitei path since it will make foi faster, moi e exciting rices In the first place the,^turns will be sharpei and shorter Therefore, the elbowing, kicking and fighting tor po'-itions on the curves will bo terrific You ^an imagine the congestion when about 15 men all head into the tuin at Lhc same time
^ Races WiSS Seem Faster
along with Boudieau as part ol the sensational rookie keystone combi nation several seasons ago Sports writers started talking about the combination when they were opci ating with the Syracuse Chiels in the International League Boudreau is cxpi cted to rely chiefly on Buddy Ro.=ai foi the catching this season w ith Otto Denning also a possibility as hist string receiver Rosai has spent most of his tune in the niajois as understudy to the reinble Bill (See INDI-VNS page 1)
AMERICAN LAUNDRY
The races will seem tastei whether they really art oi not because the runnels will circle the tiack more times per lace The 440 yard run, toi instance will requiie the cnti Hits to ti iveise the oval two and one-half times, whereas on i regular outside track they must go completely around only once Aieoiding to most lunncr'-, the shortei track heljis the ‘holt legged man giving him a little bit of an equah/ci yvhen running against the bigger fellows Gieg Rice, the gieatest two milei in the country today, is an outstaiuling example ol this The short, biiiel chested former Notic Dame ace his turned in his 1 istest times on the abbreviated tiack ^ May Bank The Track II possible the tiack will be banked to keep the runnels from flying into the box seats when trying to come out of the turns II something isn’t done the speetatois m the lioiiL lows will have dirt kicked in their laecs as the runnels slide around euiyes Just like the Indianapolis Speed yvay Both fioin the athletes them elves ind tioin die spectators’ point ot view, this one-tenlh mile track will make tlm Relays a more exciting, Intelesting and enjoyable event I ^ Dick Comes Through Again Dick Papenguth has iieently come through with one of the lincst gestuics to our boys in the armed forces that we have ever seen Dick, en tiiely on his own initiative and licc will, sends out periodically to all of the swimmcis he his ever eo ehed who are now in the scivices a com plete report of wh P tlm jwiminiiif team has done, where a'l the fellows aie stationed ind manv inoic items of interest He gets many lettci s fioin these men in uniloim and then compiles the most inteiesting infoi mation ireeived into one big lettci which he mimeographs and sends b lek I his plan is an excellent v ly lor the fellows ihemselves to keep track of each other and also serves as a tine morale builder
DO YOU DIG IT ?
Sufamifftcl h/ David P Cillinjs, Univcriit/ ef Californ a I
By C E Wendell Now that the duties of coaching a competing swi nining team have been lowered from Swimming Coach Dick Papenguth’s shoulders, till noxt season, the versatile mentor has found tune from his regular routine of PEM 12 tasks, arranging plans for next season, and putting out a regular “News Letter” conceining Boilermaker swimming to all of the ex Boiler maker swimmers in the service, to conjure up a set of plans for a glorious water ‘Galacade” to take place on Tuesdav night, April 1” Bound To Be Good Plans for this extravaganza aie as yet far from complete but with the father of the annual Boiler maker “Aquacade” behind the scheme, it’s a cinch to be a success The “Galacade” is not to be anothei “Aquacade ” Where the Aquacade featured noveltv over competition, the ‘Galacade” y\ill feature competition and attempts for standing swimming records, with just the “light” amount of face and comedy shoved 111 the cracks One of the attractions of the “Galacade” to be will be the participation of fraternity and soroiity teams ol swimmois in a novelty eontest In the line of records the Now Yoik Women’s Sw'imming \&soeiation has been invited to attend the alfaii and take the oppoi trinity to chop off a few new titles ]"'iom the Boilermaker institu tion Roy Ileidke bieaststiokei, will n al c tin attempt foi the world 200 yaid record In the annual \“Aquacadc” last winter Rov estab lished two new world’s records in the 50 yaid and 50 meter events Back to the novelty end ol the occasion and to the fiateinity and SOI only tiios the plan loi this blanch ol the ])iogi<im is to have every tiat and sorority on the cam pus that can work up a hunch of swiinineis to put on some kiiul of in act, any kind to compete for top honois in the enLCitainmcnt field Plus paiticukii entei tainment field Will be the Boileiiniker jiool For the squad that puts on the most hilaiious vcision ot whatever then theme might he as chosen by the ciowd theie wiU be a very woith while pn/t aw ruled
Editors Shows Readers
Work Behind An Issue
By Clint Sow ards To be a member of the Exponent sports staff is a first class foimula for becoming a nervous wreck Especially if one happens to be one of the four lunior editors The job of the junior editors is merely to take over the job of putting out page three of the Exponent at least once a week. Sounds simple. It is till insanity sets in Usually work begins at 4 p m at the conclusion of a hard day of classes. It never can be
arranged to have each fellow have the day he wants The crisis usually comes on Saturday, with a big page to fill, and no one to wiite copy. When it leally gets tough is when thoie isn’t anything to write copy about To day for instance Runs Across Campus The editoi takes a quick run clear
After all the material has been collected and yiritten up in what one likes to think is faiily readable foim, there is the no small job of getting all the stones, notices and headlines to fit on the page Always a stoiy is a half inch too long or six inches too shoit Woiiy, wonj'" Lost Pledge Or maybe the illustiioiis senior sports editor who has sent his col
o\ci to the Fieldhouse, always the umn ovei to the office with a pledge opposite side of the campus fiom picked the wiong pledge, and until
one’s last class, makes a hasty tour the tanSy gent is located a huge
of the coaches’ offices to bet news, blank spot threatens to take up a usurlly there isn’t a coach within large poition of the page Often a
rifle shot of the Fieldhouse Then it telegram sent from some distant
comes the big stiain on the memory, whLit did Coach Reeck tell me about the AAU wrestling meet last Wednesday, or if the memory “takes a
powder” it moans a search for the m that space
athletic event in which the Boiler makers are participating doesn’t come until the editor has lost five pounds sweating about what to put
special coach to get the stoiy That pcs on all aftoinoon, till long after
Yes, the life of the junior spoils cditoi IS a hard one It’s nights like
dinner time, hunting coaches, inter- this particular one, when the edi-
viewing them, reminding managers ol teams going on tii|ps to send an account of the outcome of that particular contest, oh, dozens of things
tor IS tijing to make an 8 15 date and still has a story to write at 8 15, that tend to diive a guy nuts That’s for suic
Culver Cadets Slab IM Schedules
13-12
NoS-ice fepiked Shoe ( lub spctial meeting loom 355, I nion Biiildiiig, Mond i\ night it 8 o elock \11 pledges and aetnes be theie, I el icsliments —GRIMIM
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
Mthough they jumped into an call'/ 5 to 1 lead the Culvci fenccis had to tally to win the last thiee matches m oidci to stab the Riveter (iiicleis 1)12 5 non Ivautmin captain of the snuad, and I led Rosen weic the chief threats to the Cadets, each winnint loin of five matches Laiiy rieischm 111 gate a good account of himself in his fust meet by winning thiee ol his five bouts The lemain iiig point was gaincied foi the Boilcimakcis by Bob Biyant Ciool ei 1m oh and Eldicd each wcic victoiious in three matches to count lor nine ol the Cadets’ thiiteon points Results Eldied (C) dgtcatNl Rosen (P) 5 4 1 itzgeiald (C) defeated Bryant (P) 5 ) Ivautman (P) defeated Ciookci (t ) 5-0 Kroh (( ) deteated Mumpoi (P) 5 0 W\iine (G) de lo tcil 1 kisehm 111 (P) 5 4, Ekhed dele itod Bivant 5 1 Kauiman tie J<atcd Fitzgciald 5 2 Crookei de ieatrd Mumpci 5 2 1 leischman de te ited Kioh 6 1, Rosen deteated W viiiic 5 1 Kauiman defeated El died 5 i Pitgeiald deteated Gold lischer 5 0 and Ciookei deteated 1 kischmin 5 2 Ro'cii dcleated Kioh 5 1 Biiant delcatcd Winne 3 4 Ekhed de Wated (lolulischei 5 1 ricibchman dekited I il/gci ild 5 1 Rosen do Icated tioolei 5 1, kioh deteated BiyaiiL 5J kaulmin defeated V\ Mine 5 ) hlcisehman deteated Lkhed j 1 P.oscn dcleated I itz gci il 1 5 1 ( Lookei defeated Biv ant 5 2 kioh delcatcrl kauiman 5 1 and Wynne defiatcHl Gold fischei 5 1
Intel Piateinity Badminton doubles will start Tuesday, March 111 at 7 00 and continue each Tries day and Thuisday until completed Badminton bats will be supplied by the Intiamuial Depaitment but playeis will be obliged to “chip m” on the cost of shuttelcocks used in each match You will find a copy ol the badminton lules on the Intiamuial Bulletin Boaid Twenty five naiticipation points for entering a team five points to winners, three points to lunnei up Tiophy and modais to wiiineis, medals to runnels up Please letuin entiv blank to the liitiamuial Office by noon, Situulay March IJ
Caiy Hall Volleyball will start Monday evening Maich 15 at 7 00 lollowing IS the schedule Gaiy Hall 2 vs Caiv Hall 3 Cary Hall i vs Caiy Hall 5 Caiy Hall 6 vs Caiy Hall 7
SIGM V DLL I V Pbl Si,.,mi Delta Psi tests to be gi\en klondn evening Maieh 15 at I 00 aic Pi out Hand bpimg Hind Stand
DANCE RECITAL TUESDAY, MARCH 23rd 8.00 P. M. Adm. FREE CHILDREN'S CLASSES OPEN SAT., MARCH 27»h BALLET AND TAP
Classes Divided According to Age PHONE 2150
Pepsi-Cola Company, long Island City, N.Y. Bottled locally by Franchised Bottlers,
ALLEN S 6lh and Ferrv
\OI LI \B VLI Waul 5olk'iball '\ill be played Mondai e\enmg Maieh 15 it 7 00 lhc lollowing Mauls will lepoit at the Picklhousc at this time leaeh to i)li\ ort then matches I tarns will bo 111 itched Is lhe\ appear on lhc floor W ud 1 Waul 1 V Waul 2 Waul W lid b Waid 11 W lul 1) Waul .-1 Waul 22 Waul 25 Waul 27 Viu othei Waul wishiii-, to entei i ilo this touin iment plcast line \ ou te un on the flooi it 7 00 E leli te uii cntciing will pliv thiee ^allies the two highest teams to plar loL till championship place Mtdils will be given ten the win
Varsity Tennis Tryouts
niec'tiug will be held iii m> oliiec room 201 Fieldhouse ou luesdav Maieh 10 at 7 p m ten all students w isliuig to trv out toi the tennis te im Please be on hind Important —laiiv LaBite
By Barbara lean Gregory At the present time the coaches and directors of the athletic teams are a little woriied about the future of the sports games that have played such an important part in the rating and reputation of the school in the past few years. With absence of most of the athletes fiom the campuses all over the country, the outlook is more than a little dark for directors, as well as the sports Of course, one of the main questions of the day concerns the prospects of women m the world of sports Will the coeds and women throughout the country take part m the baseball, basketball, and football games, or will they sit on the sidelines and wait for the game that nevei begins Not only are there competitive games, but who will compete in the boxing, wrestling, swimming, tennis, and fencing matches that have occupied a majoi pait of the American’s free time ’ Sw imnting—Very Good Foi seveial years women have competed in swimming meets, and have done so with a great deal of success Women have been able to provide John Q Public with as inteiesting and exciting races and relays in the pools and at the beaches all over the country as the men have Coeds have been able to draw the attention of the sports wiiteis to then relays as well as the college eds have With all these facts m mind, it is not hard to understand that theie will be interest and excitemgnt left in at least one field in the world of sports. When it comes to baseball and softball, women who are athletically inclined can probably play a game with all the thrills that men have done in the past At first the game may seem a little slow to those who have followed the big leagues, but aftei a few innings the fans will undoubtedly approve of the afternoon’s competition as much as they did m the pie-war peiiod Perhaps the game will not take the place of the original men’s game, peimanently, but until the Axis is defeated, the fun-loving “kmei leans will accept women’s games and college coed competition as moiale builders Football—Not So Easy Never will the women be able to take the place of men in a good lousing game of football, because no women will want to go out and delibeiately tiy to get hurt Perhaps, m the near future all ye coeds may be seen tagging one another, but touch iootball certainly is not the stilling competition that every man and woman in the country feels every tall until the last game 111 the eaily pait of the winter, when they tollow their favorite teams No, women will never be able to pioduce a game of football that will excite the onlooker to the depths that college and protesbional iootball does Football is one of the sports that must be held ovei until the end ot the present struggle Ii the lilies aie abandoned which the gals now playing basketball tollow and a new set ot men’s rules aie adopted a tew ot the tan sex may get enough coinage to struggle down the flooi across the middle hue to the goal that eventually me Ills the loss oi winning of the coveted award as champions on the haulwood I he paiticipatois would piobablv be scaice but after a few battles with the biavei ones, other women would step m to help till the positions on the teams When the plavtis themselves became excited ibout the game theie is no doubt but w»it the loval suppoiteis in the bltacneis would boost the moiale ot the team to vietoiy I ots Ot Possibilities Boxii o and wiestliiig matches have been lathei uiisuccosfqUy tiled m the past, but if theie were no othei alternative there might G^ce COED DFSCKIBES, page 4)
idiW*‘
Purdue Exponent
Sunday, March 14, 194^
bntest To Fete Canines
£0mpu5 Dogs ih Limelight By Herb Mayer . . The dogs of the University cftTflpus are getting their chance at last. Long overlooked in the hustle and bustle of student affairs, they will be the center of attraction on Sunday, March 21. At this f;ijhe five of the best fit, or available staff members will tfthe their places on the judge’s r()6trum. With yard sticks, tape mi^agures, magnifying glass (for fleft'detection), Dr. Miller's stethescbjie, and other rating devices, the judges will impartially select the beat groomed, biggest, most -unusual, most attractive and best all 'found canine. Martin Suggests Martin has suggested that he wilt bring a special solution to test the degrees of Ph of their skins Hrtd an odorometer to test for bad breath. Besides these well known campus figures. Prof. R. Phillips, vfbb lived nine months alone in the Antarctic with his dog team; Prof. E. L. Butz, a famous Australian dog breeder and kangaroo farm specialist, and Prof. J. W. Geiger, who has suggested the dog as a solution to our meat shortage problem, will preside. Their words will be -final as to -vthich dog brings honor to his hoUse- and a cup or ribbon to its mantle place. Thui’sday there -were sixteen entrahts, and they continue to come in fast. Bookie tips are 10 to 1 in favor of Theta Xi’s Greek (one-half Dane and one-half St. Bernard) over his rival, tlie Alpha Tau Omega’s Wilh'rim II. We’re hoping that the Phi Delt’s Ferdinand, and Sigma Ohi’s Caesar won’t chew up the belt’s Emma Jean. Martin Has Pants The crowd which will gather about Fowdei Hall is sure to keep stfay cats and dog-catchers at large. In the enthusiasm of the contest large dogs are requested to be kept away from the distinguished judges. Martin’s new suit has only one pair of trousers. Indians ' (Continued fiom page 3) bickey, but last season he caught about half of the New York Yankee contests. He -was qbtained from New York by the Indians through a trade last December. Workouts Inside Present plans call for light w'orkouts in the Fieldhouse for the first week, w'ith the team moving outside as soon as the weather peimits. No games are planned for the first few Weeks, and when scheduled -will depend chiefly upon the weather. Although no exhibition games are scheduled to be played here, a number of intra-squad contests will be played. The Indians drew up their “Qr^pefruit League” schedule before the Boilermaker campus was chosen as their tiaining grounds, and consequently no games are billed to be played in Lafayette. The ball playei s will be housed in a Lafayette hotel, and part of their workout each day will be walk from the hotel to the Fieldhouse. Coed Describes (Continued from page 3) be some enthusiasm displayed at the bouts. No matter how much excitement and good will towards the meets might glow in the future it is not likely that women could ever take the place of men in these activities. At least, we hope that we shall never see the same attitude expres.sed by the public to see wpinen pugilists as theie is to see men fight. No women in those sports could haidly pietend to be lady-like, and we still resjiect our rights as the weakei of the two
sexes.
Track meets could very well feature a champion of the Big Ten, who would ordinal ily h(> seen m becoming gowns, except lor the days of hei meets Ceitaiiily, the •women can luii, whethei they would be experts at shot ])ut, hioad juniij. Or high jump, along with the othei highlights of a track event oi not. -No doubt the lleet-looted tern, would become moie of an inteiest to those wdio love tiack meeds than the male had been beiore the war. In summing up the prospects of the woild ol sjioits a|itei the departure of moie of the men, we will probably expect to .see moie of I lie quieter and less active spoi ts, but they will piobably have tlie same interc.st and morale boosting elfect that the bouts ol today and of pievious times have had loi Mi. and Mis. John () I’uldic.
Personnel Notes Companies scheduled to visit the campus: General Electric Company, Schenectady. New York—March 17 and 18. Interested in April and August ME, EE. Carrier Corporation, Syracuse, New Yoi’k—March 18 and 19. Interested in April and August ME,
EE.
Bell -Vircraft Corporation, Buffalo, New' York—-March 22 and 23. Interested in April and August AeroE, ME, EE. Flettwings, Inc., Bristol, Pennsylvania—March 24. Interested in April and August ME, AeroE.
Notices
These companies do not plan to visit the campus; how'ever, they are interested in students for employ-
ment:
Ray - O - Vac Company, Madison, Wisconsin—Interested in ChE, ME, EE. Sign in Personnel Office by Saturday, March 20. Cities Service Oil Co., Bartlesville, Oklahoma—Interested in EE, Science (Geologists, physicists, or mathematicians). Sign in Personnel Office by Saturday, March 20. Holley Carburetor Companj, Detroit, Michigan—Interested in ME. Sign in Personnel Office by Saturday, March 20. Gulf Oil Corporation, Tulsa, Oklahoma — Interested in ChE, Chemists. Sign in Personnel Office hy Saturday, March 20. The Cooper-Bessenier Corporation, Mt. Vernon, Ohio—Interested m ME. Sign in Personnel Office by Saturday, March 20. Personnel depaitment of the mechanical engineering school under the diiectorship of Piofessor Bolz will place all Mechanical, Aeronautical engineeiing students who apply for pait-time jobs while on the campus. Those desiring positions as laboiatory instructois or assistants, or drafting work should fill out an application m Prof. Bolz’ office. There aie many part time jobs on the campus at prpse*iit. Department heads that would like student help fhould notify Prof Bolz and let him know' what jobs aie open and the requirement for
them.
Placement Notes For Women A 1 epi esentative of the Nava Research Laboiatory, Washington D. C.. w'ill be on the campus Thurs day, Maich 11, to mteivicw' womei with majors m chemistry, physics engineei ing, oi radio. Anyone intci csted should call Placement Service for Women, 2955, at once to schedule an appointment. Syracuse University, Syiacuse, New' Yoik, announces 15 to 20 giadiiatc assistantships foi women mteiested in obtaining tiaining as adviscis to girls, deans of women, counselors, heads of lesidence, and social diiectors. Each assistantship is equivalent to a grant of from six to eight hundred dollars, awaidod in teims of room, board, and tuition. Further mfoimation may be obtained by calling Placement Seivice for Women, 2955. The Civil Service Commission needs stenogiapheis and typists for the Navy Department. Examinations aie given regularly at the Civil Service office in the Post Office in Lafayette. Furthei information may be obtained at the Placement SeiMce for Women, 2955. YWCA Plans Cadette Dance YWCA is sponsoring a St. Patrick’s Day Tea Dance this Wednesday m loom of the Union fiOm 4:00 to 5:30 p. m. The dance is planned to entertain the Cui tiss-Wright Cadettes and enable them to make new' acquaintances. iMusic will be furnished by the top name orchestias, on record. -All students ot the Univeisity are invited to attend. Admission is five V-ents ))ci poison.
All Women Students: The St. Louis Girl Scout Council ib in need of jrirls lo work in Ihcir camp this summer. Jobs available are unit leader, assistant unit loader and water front director. Any one interested .should telephone or come in to the Placement Service for Women (2955) immediately.
—FELDT
Code and Radio Instruction: Classes in BcKinners, Secondary (6-12 W. P. M.) and Advanced (12 W. P. M. and over) Code Instruction aie beinp orj?anizcrl. Sections will meet two (2) hours p^r week. Mon.-Fri. at 4 and u p. m. bcKinninff Monday, March 15. SiKu up in the Supply Room in the Armoiy pnoi lo 4 p. m. March 15. NonMilitary studonls are welcome. —•HESTERBERG Camera Cluh; Spring exhibit will be held March 27 to April 8. Entries must be tinned in at the West De.sk of the Union not later than Monday, March 22 Mountinp: boards, dry mounting tissue atid rules are availabol at the West Desk. - -STOCKMAN MT 7: BeKinninjr March 4, 1913, those h.iving Corps Day on Thuisday and no class at 11 Tuesday will report to room B-4 in the Armorv at 11 a. m. Tuesday for vaccination, Those who have class at 11 Tuesriav will fall out after roll call on Thursday Corps Day for vaccination Those haMiijr Corps Day on TuesdaV will be vaccinated at 11 Thuisday. unless they hav<* a elabs at that hour, in nhich case they will fall out after loll call on their Corps Dav. This piocedure will continue until three inriuculatioiib have been administered.
RIORDAN
Chem 3 and 4 Students: U'^ed copies, ii^ Kood condition, as re^ra^ds result sheets of Chemical Eciuilibiium and Qualitative Analybu, 2nd Edition, are uip:enlly needed ioi the War Irainiiur ProKnim.
PEARCE
Frateinily and Sorority Presidents: Be siiie to t >our contracts and monov in lo the Debris business otlice by March 15 at the latest. - BAUMER Dolphin C’lub: Reirular nuetirifr Tuesday, March 16, at 7:1" ]> ni in loom 104 of the Fieldhouse. Important })lans will be discusstd. SMITH Riveter Frosh Swim Against Culver Squad Next Satiuxlay afternoon the Frosh division of Coach Papenguth’s .swimming squad plans to enter into a little post season aquatics when they tangle with the swimming team from Culver Military Academy in the Boilermaker pool. As yet the final nod has not been given to this contest. Tough Bunch Of Freshmen I This season, the Boilermaker sw'imming squad boasts the strongest frosh aggregation in years. In a recent fling with the varsity !squad, the fiosh fini.shed in front of the s'eason team; however. Captain Williamson and Roy Heidke with a couple of other varsity men |weie withheld from competing. A few of the noteables in the •hinic contingent include l(i-year-ild Frank Knotts, freestyle sprint- '!•; Don Leach, another sprinter; Gene Womble, liocstyler and backstiokor; Phil Hansel, a free styler, who specializes in the 220 and 440 events. Phil is the brother of Vern Hansel. Boilermaker 440 man last season. Vern holds the pool rccoid for the 440 yard event. Lots Ot Frosh More Irosh swimmeis of notability aic: Glen LaBaw, frcestyler from Ha'mmond. Glen also had a brother on the Riveter tank team of a few years back, Claude LaBaw, a 220 man; Leo Raye, brcaststioke; Bob Gumming, a backstroke and freestyle artist; and a pair of new men, Kann and Lyon, frecstylers. This group augmented by Ray and Joe, the Anthony twins, on the hoards make quite a forinidahlc an ay of first year matciial. Culver Alilitaiy Academy as a rule turns out a prime team. Culver coach. Flank Wallaitis, is a former Michigan man, and was a .star on Matt Man’s Wolverine squad during his college days.
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Eldction of pledges Monday, March 15, at 7 p. m. in room 807 ot the Union. .—GOFF Marine Reserves: Ali members of the Marine Reserves should call at my oiTice in the Executive Buildina before Monday, March 15, to supplv certain data requested by the Marine Corps Headquarters.
- KNAPP
Acromodellcrs: Important meetinu Monday, March 15, 7:30 p. m. in room 80 of the Union, Free prize for all those on time.
—CRIS'f
Alpha Phi OmcBa: The outdoor meelinK has been chanKod to Wednc.sday, March 17. Wo will meet at the East entrance of the Union at 7, pledses in-e reminded to bring boxes, bonids and rope.s. There will bo no pledge meeting on Tuesday. Actives are urged to attend the meeting. —GOSSWEIN ERC With Navy or Marine Option: Call at my oifiee in the Executive Building at your first opportunity after Friday noon, March 12, for instructions with reference to transfer from ERC to Navy or Marine Corps. - KNAPP Freshman Engineers: Second semester freshman engineers who were not in att^hdance at GE 2 meeting last Saturday should call at my office in the Executive Building before 4 p. m. Monday, March 15, to indicate choice of school for next term.
-KNAPP
All Students: All students who -wish to ■work for the Registrar during the Summer Term registration, April 26 and 27, are requested to make application at the Registrar’s office. Those with previous experience at registration- or in other clerical .iobs arc given preference. — STONE CE 62: A condition tost in Highway Construction, CE 62, will be held at 1:30 p. m., Saturday, March 27, in room 206 of the Civil Engineering Budding. —PETTY Gimlet Actives and Pledges: Initiation on Tuesday, March 16, at 6 p. m. Meet at the Phi Gam house. Initiation will bo followed hy a meeting to select new pledge class. Party after meeting. Actives and pledges bring cars if possible. Pledges bring towel, paddle, full box, and money for initiation fee, and active’s paddles.
—MENKE.
9
Kappa Delta Pi Pledges: Pledge test will be Monday, March 15, at 4 p. m. in the Education building, room 301).
--PACKARD
Kappa Delta Pi Actives: Initiation of new members will bo Wednesday night, March 17, at 6 in the Union. Actives should make banquet reservations. Call Phyllis Hyde. Banquet will be 75c.
—JOHNSON
PIA Board: Important that everyone attend meeting Monday, March 15, in PIA office at 4 ;15 p. m. to complete plans for coming election. —AUGSBERGER
Gold Peppers: Meeting at 4 p. m. Tuesday, March 16, in room 304 of the Union.
—MacDONALD
Omicron Nu: Important meeting Monday, March 15, at 4 p. m. in the Home Economics Building. —BEALL Hillcl Members: Meeting Sunday with dancing, supper, program at Hillel House, 5:30. Be sure to come.
—HIRSCHFIELD
Ceres Pledges and Actives: Pledge meeting Monday night at 9 p. m., room 302 of the Union. Pledges bring full box.
- LUNDBERG
Foresters: Meeting Tue.sday night. Maich 16, at 8. Ur. C. H. Robertson will .speak on “Things to he seen on the Road to 'fokyo.’’ All Foresters he sure to attend.
- WEAVER
Kappa Delta Plii Actives: Initiation of new members will be held Thursday night, March 18, at 6, in the Union. Call Phillis Hyde or Mary Margaret Foulz by Tuesday for banquet reservations.
- JOHNSON
Skull and Crescent Actives: Important meeting Wednesday, March 17, at 7 :16 p. m. in room 212 of the Union. Be there. - CHESTNUTT Swimmers: Important ballet p:’acUce on Monday, March 15, at 4 p. m. -WATERBURY
Military Students: Ajgroup of two «el»'
movie film on the subject Enettiy
cAUipment together wjffl a film bulletin 6f general Interest’W^yToe shown ih the B, E. Bldg., room 129, Wednesdas^, March 17, at 4 p. m. All military students arb irttywo.
—MAIBR
k.
Classified
Ads
Typewriters: Adding machines, all Wiftke# sold, rented repaired and purchased. Mljttebgraph work done. G. J. Ebershoff, 60o MAin* Lafayette. Phone 2779. Money to Loan • On diamonds,^ watohes, guns, luggage, typewriters* AlbeVtd Loan OfTjee, 407 Columbia. ' Lo.st—Slide rule at‘12:00 Wednesday on, .sidewalk west of Hoavilon Towet. Will finder please call AYRH Wood. 3329'. Reward. . Lost—Black zipper notebook in Union Friday night. Reward. Phone 3954. Wanted: Girls lo work in Chestnut Room during serving hours. Purdue Memorial Union. Apply Cafeteria Office.
Standing
(Cuntinued j'lom paRO Ij Owen House, SG.A I’urciiie Only Roelulale House, .SGA Salisiniiy House, .SOA Slate House Stollar Hall Waldion Hall \\(‘,sle\ Roys’ House, SGA Westnimstei, House, SGA Home Hous(‘ rniveisity Hosli'l
i.lKi 4 HI 4.22 3.8(1 .1,71 4 14 3.75 3 70 i 11 3.91 3.80
Notice
Repi csontalii e.s of G e n e r a 1 Klectric ('omiianj, .Schenectadj, New York, will be on Ihe campus Wednosdaj and Thursday, March 17 and 18, to inteniew .April and August EE and ME. All interested seniors, especially those entering the .\rmed Sen ices, are iin ited lo attend the group meeting on Mednesday, .March 17, at 4:00 p. m. in room 131, Electrical Engineering
Building.
Individual inton ie«s can be scheduled in the Personnel Office before Wednesday noon. R. P. Siskind . . . pi’ofes.sor ol Elecliical Enginoeiing, addressed the (''hicago section of the Institute of Radio Engineers recently on “Foui Terminal Netwoik Design.” He discussed seveial methods hy which filters and equalizers could he designed and basic jirinciples undei lying and limiting ])erformanco of networks.
NOTICE
We pay Ic each for all hangers in good usuable condition if brought to our office. WEST SIDE CLEANERS
STRAUSS SAYS: \T'S ONE DAY NEARER VICTORY
STORE HOURS: 9:45 TILL 5:45 MONDAYS 12:15 TILL 8:45 SATURDAYS 9:30 TILL 6
SLEEVE INSIGHIAEnsign Lt. Jr. Glade Lt. Sr. Grade Lt. Cormnander Commander Captain Supply Civil Engineer Doctor Dentist Chaplain Pharmacist SHOULDER MARKSEnsign Line Lt. Jr. Grade Line Lt. Si. Grade Line Lt. Commander Lino ^ Captain Line And all braliches of Seiviee Speciah.st.s MISCELLANEOUSButton Sets Aviation Wings—-Metal and Embroidered Rain Cap Covers Llama Cap Devices Sleeve Braid—-Gold Lace Sleeve Bi aid—Mohair Ties Gloves' Scarfs Cuff Links Belts ENLISTED MEN'S RATING BADGESIbt, 2ikI, 3rd and Chief Petty Officers and Striker badges— Aerographer Aviation Metalsmith Aviation Carpentei Aviation Machinist Metalsmith Boatswain Carpenter-—Painter— Patternmakei Commissary Steward Cook or Baker Electrician Gunner’s Mate Machinist Pharmacist Mate CDLLAR INSIGNIAEnsign Lt. Si. Gi ade Lt.Ji. Grade Lt. Commander Commander Captain Supply Civil Engineer Doctor Dentist Chaplain Pliarmacist Photogiaphei Printei Quaiteimasler Radioman Signalman Storekeeper Torpedoman Yeoman
I ^y4ppomtee tLe U S. *L STRAUSS & CO—AND 2 OTHER STORES IN INDIANA (AT SOUTH BEND) ARE AUTHORIZED TO SELL OFTICERS' UNIFORMS UNDER THE * navy'PLAN
As a result of the "Navy Plan"—these Uniforms—are available at the lowest prices consistent with the high quality that the Navy demands. We regard it a real privilege—to be of Service—in helping to bring the Navy Plan—to the fullest advantage of Navy personnel--—by bringing to it an understanding of the Requirements and Regulations of Dress—by presenting a Service that is helpful (not pushful). And by rendering a FITTING AND ALTERATION service—that insures Fullest satisfaction—(if you must have instantaneous service—that's what you'll get!) PRICES ESTABLISHED BY NAVY DEPARTMENT C’oniDii.s.sioiK’d Ojficvr’t^ Oro’couf, $'tdCo))U)nH><U))i('(J Officer'H Oooxoaf, Aviatioi Winter Work UnifortiiH, $50. Comnii^Hioned Officer’r Raiucaat-Overcoat (with removable a'oul Vniiag), $d7.50. Chief Pcflji Officer’a Service Blae, $30. Chief Peiiji Officer’.'^ Overcoat, $'f,i.50 Chief Pethi Officer’s Raiacoat-Overcoal (adth roaovuble tvool liaiiiu), $37.50. No Charge j or M iaor AUeraiioas-—■ Other AUerulioa Charges as Approved bg Navg Departaunit
L. STRAUSS & CO., THE RIAN’S STORE
INDIANAPOLIS CIVIL, MILITARY AND NAVAL OUTFITTERS
A branch of the Army Quarlei master’s Depot, for uniforms and atcessoi les.
An appointee of U. S. Nav.y— foi regulation naval uniform.'-
M
'i I