. ■'/ Vt^vClV- . ■' "''^K
Z-1IS
Founded In 1889
Xfl04ieHl m Deify Since 1906
Vdhime 52, No. 121
West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, February 23r 1941
>
}'
f)
Annexation Of Bulgaria Imminent List Arrives To Remove ^ Anti-German Influence By George Weller SPECIAL BADIO To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941. Chidago Daily News, Inc. Sofia, Feb. 22.—^The machinery of German invasion, well-oiled with ' the co-operation of the Bulgarian military and police authorities, was cranked up today when high diplomatic authorities revealed that Marshal Siegmund Wilhelm von List, head of the German staff of Sinaia (70 miles northwest of Bucharest) arrived in Sofia incognito. Anti-Germans Simultaneously, the first steps were taken to eliminate anti-Ger-man elements in the population^ and to protect the capital against the British air raids that are considered a probable result of the unopposed German entrance. The police placed under protective arrest between 20 and 30 agrarian leaders who are known to be opposed to Germany’s giant factoryfarm plans for the Balkans and who are suspected of British sympathies. Among these was Dr. Georgi Dimitroff. Dr. Lazar Poupovsky and Dr. George Vulkeff. Reinforce Anti-Aircraft Units Anti-aerial batteries on the roof of the National Bank in midtown Sofia were reinforced. Throughout the city tension increased, while the press, which depends almost exclusively on the German network of the Balkan agencies for its information, carried leading articles from the Axis capital emphasizing that Hitler’s patience with Greek resistance to Mussolini was becoming exhausted. Greek denials that British troops had been shifted from Africa were also printed. Preliminaries These statements are considered to be preliminaries to a general German press offensive describing increased British “interference” in the Greek campaign and placing the moral responsibility for the forth* coming invasion upon the Greeks for not rebelling against their ally. From a source hitherto found reliable, the writer ascertains that the German road signs for the coming invasion, intended to direct the motorcycle and truck drivers now encamped along the Danube, have been prepared in one of the numberless German offices and workshops of official or semiofficial character near Bofla.
British Help In Greece Hangs On Cairo Talk By William H. Stoneman SPECIAL CABLE To Chicago Daily News Foreign' Service. Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc. London, Feb. 22.—^Whether Great Britain will be able to give Greece enough assistance to stop a German advance on Salonika will depend upon the outcome of the conference now taking place in Cairo and upon the amount of manpower, airpower and seapower that can be released from operations in North and East Africa. Alternatives The alternatives facing the Cairo conference between Foreign Minister Anthony Eden, Chief of the Imperial Staff Sir John G. Dill, and Middle Eastern commander, Gen. Sir Archibald Wavell, are summed up as follows by today’s Manchester Guardian: Preliminary Points “The conference in Cairo will have two preliminary points immediately before it. In Libya we can go on, if we choose, to Tripoli, and the Italians alone could certainly not stop up (the Germans are sending more and more aircraft "into Africa and are tr3nng by air raids to hamper us at Bengasi), or we can halt for a time where we are and free our troops for such use elsewhere as we decide. f “In East Africa, if we choose, we can use more troops, taking them from Libya, in order to hasten the dissolution of the Italian Empire and get the business over as quickly as we can. Or we can let the dissolution follow its present steady . course while we make ready by all available means to meet whatever move Germany may soon make in the Near or Middle East.” Child Development Co-eds Leave For Inspection Trip Fifty-six students of the ^Child Development Class will leave for a two day inspection trip to be held in Indianapolis tomorrow and Tuesday. Professor Marion Mattson, director of nursery school, and Professor Isabelle Diehl, of the Home Administration department -will accompany the class. The places inspected will include the Planner House and James Whitcomb Riley Hospital for children on Monday and the Theodore Potter Fresh Air School, James E. Roberts School, Juvenile Court of Marion County and a ■visit to the Detention Home on Tuesday. Headquarters while in Indianapolis will be at the Hotel Washington, d.s.
R.B. Hall To Discuss Far Eastern Problem In National Defense Fourth Convo Features Geographical Relations Continuing the series of public lectures on the probably effect of the American economy on national defense, which was launched last semester, Robert B. Hall of the University of Michigan will speak Wednesday evening at 7:30 in the Hall of Music. Far East Professor Hall, a well-kno'wn authority on geography, will discuss our affairs in relation to the Far East countries, especially IndoChina, Dutch East Indies and the Mayalyan peninsula. He is well acquainted with that region since he served as director of geographical expeditions to that region from 1929 to 1936, using Japan as his base. Author He is also the author of various books and magazine articles in the field of geography and the Far East. At present he is chairman of the division of Social Sciences at Michigan and director of the Institute of Far Eastern Studies. e.Win. AWS Meeting To Hear Talk By Dean Coolidge Thursday In Union Discussing the actmties of the woman in campus and community life,' Miss Clare Coolidge, assistant dean of women, and Rabbi Meyer H. Simon will present the principal addresses to all women students at a meeting to be held Thursday at 7:30 p. m. in the Union. All members of women’s co-oper-ative and private houses are particularly invited to attend this meeting, which is being sponsoi'ed by the House President’s Council division of AWS. Subject of the Assistant Dean of Women’s talk will be “The Co-ed and Her Activities on the Campus” while Rabbi Simon will speak on “The Woman and her Actmties in the Community.” The latter subject will be of special interest to senior co-eds. d.s.
Yesterday's Scores Indiana, 47; Iowa, 36 Michigan, 47; Illinois, 31 Ohio State, 35; Northwestern, 29 Wisconsin, 65; Chicago, 25 Butler, 34; Wabash, 30
By Bill Wendel It isn’t every man who can 'write a book on something as dry as thermodynamics and have the students that use the book still love him. But the ME’s love G. A. and were willing to forget that he helped -write the thermo book. In fact he probably pitched in to keep it from being worse than it might have been. G. A. guided our destinies as the head of the school for some 29 years and he was our pal. He is still our pal and as long as ME’s need friends G. A. will rally aroimd to give us a hand. Not that the ME’s don’t have other friends, but we -will probably remember G. A. as long as any. We take a lot of valuable courses before we get out of here. Technical courses, that we sit up and grind over, and non-techs that we slide through and wondered what they were all about. But the course that will probably stick with us the longest when we are opt of here and the one that will bring back fond memories will be ME 90, G. A.*9 course. As we’ve already said and you’ve already gathered, we think quite a lot of G. A. Also as you probably
know we’re gi-ving a banquet. Now a lot of people are going around and saying why give a banquet ? What’s the occasion? It reminds us of Mother’s Day. After all we don’t have to have a special occasion or a special day just to show a guy how much we like him do we? It would get sort of crowded if everyone that G. A. had helped started trapsing into his office to tell him what a swell guy he is. It would be like the Chinese marching four abreast past a point. So we’re giving a banquet. It makes the idea more efficient that way. Get your ticket for the banquet in the Union ballrooms next Thursday night from aiiy of the following sources: The west Union desk, the Mechanical office, or any member of ASME or Pi Tau Sigma. And incidentally, there are a lot of people who aren’t mechanicals that think G. A. is a good boy, too. So we are going to be big hearted and share him with you. To the ags, home ecs, science students and the rest of the engineers we extend a welcome. Anyone who is a friend of G. A.’8 is a friend of ours.
Minnesota Tops Boilermakers In High Scoring Game/68-50
Ajax, Substitute Center, Sparks Surprise Second Period Attack
Don Blemker
ME Banquet Will Honor 'G.A.' Thursday
Dr. Gilbreth Leaves On Lecture Tour Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, professor of management, will leave the campus today to begin a series of lectures and committee meetings throughout the East which will continue through the remainder of the month. Dr. Gilbreth begins her tour with a meeting with tl^e Committee on Legal Status of Women of the American Association of University Women at Bryn Mawr, Pa., tomorrow. Monday Dr. Gilbreth will lecture before the Newark Safety Council at Newark, N. J. and 'Tuesday she will sp^k at Temple University in Philadefifhia. From there Dr, Gilbreth goes to Bucknell University at Lewisburg, Pa., for eo-ed talks on Wednesday and Friday. Friday and Saturday will find her attending sessions of the Housing committee, 20th Century Fund at Washington, D. C. Concluding her tour before the University Guild in Evanston, 111., Dr. Gilbreth will return here the third or fourth of March. s.p.
Naval Applicants Will Start Physical Exams Tomorrow Those seniors and juniors who have been notified and filled out their application papers for ensign’s commissions in the Naval Reserve are to report for physical examinations and personal interviews tomorrow and Tuesday in the conference room of the Executive Building. Seniors whose last names begin with A-0 inclusive will report at 9:00 a. m.; E-L at 10:30; M-R at 1 p. m.; R-Z at 2:30. Juniors will submit to scrutiny on Tuesday in similar order: A-C, inclusive, at 9:00 a. m.; D-H at 10:30; J-R at 1:00 p. m., and S-Z at 2:30. Physical examinations will follow the interviews immediately. An applicant is usherei^into the conference room where he confers with a naval officer, giving personal data and answering questions. From there he goes to the health offices for the regular navy physical. Approximately 150 juniors and 119 seniors have signed application blanks. Those clearing this last hui'dle will be accepted by the Naval Reserve and will receive commissions upon their graduation. Juniors get provisional commissions until that time. Salaries amounting to an average of $183 per month are attached to the positions. Should a man remain in service for more than three years he will be promoted to the grade of Junior Lieutenant with a $600 a year boost in salary. Length of service has been designated as “the dpration of the period of emergency.” r.r.r. Christian Foundation ... in a traveling seminar yesterday visited places in Lafayettq of interest sociologically and religiously to the students participating. Included in the tour were Temple Israel, St. Mary’s dmrch, conununity houses, the local jail and various slum districts of the town.
Bob Riley
. . . sank four of his unorthodox “shot put” goals and a pair of charity tosses to add ten points to the Riveter total. The lanky guard also played a nice defensive game and controlled a goodly portion of the defensive rebounds.
Minneapolis, Minn., February 22 — (Special to Purdue Exponent) — After battling on even terms for the first twenty minutes of play, a scrapping Minnesota hardwood aggregation, led by a lanky substitute center, Ajax, (who must be related to the swift Ajax of Homer’s Iliad) became hotter than a four alarm fire and went off on a second half scoring spree to chalk up the highest conference score of the 1941 season and to conquer an ineffectual Boilermaker quintet by the terrific score of 68-50. ' 7— The Gopher five’s superiority in
ball handling and rebound control fostered the collapse of the Riveter offense and defense in tl^ final period. The Boilermakers were the •victims (boomerang style) of their own powerful weapon of attack, a pressure defense, and appeared unable to cope with the aggressive Gopher defense. Minnesota guards Warh<d and Thune were constantly intercepting passes to break up the invaders’ offensive attack, stealing the ball an enumerable number of times.
Dazzling Attack
The short pass, cutting, blocking, screening, no dribble attack provided the Gophers with a goodly array of close-in shots, and combining this ■with an imcaimy ability at high arch shots from far out on the court, they were able to score at a rate of nearly two points a minute. Frosty Sprowl, one of the Big Ten’s leading scorers, was held to a minimum of seven points by the leech4ike guarding of WarhoL Ajax New Gopher Star Ajax entered the Minnesota “Hall of Fame” only last week when he counted eight times from the field in his first conference game to spark his team to a 'victory over Northwestern. The lanky e&0t hit 16 points in the second halt tonight, all of them in the first nine minutes.
Warhol Starts
Warhol, Minnesota guard, started the scoring in the first minute of play with a tricky one-hander from near the foul line. The lead soon fell into the hands of the Riveters by virtue of buckets by Blemker, Blanken, and Hoffman and they maintained a slight lead over the victors until shortly before the half. Thime and Ajax put the Goj^iets in the lead 30-28 'with long shots just before the gun, and the score was tied 30-all by a last second tally by Sprowl, one of his beautiful arch
shots,
Alas and Alack! Ajax took over in the second half and began rolling them in from all points of the court. Carlson joined (Continued on page 4) MilitaiY Honorary SignslllinoisBand For Spring Formal Eddie Marie and his orchestra from the campus of Illinois University has been signed by Scabbard and Blade, national military honorary, to play, for its spring dance to be held ip the north Union BaBroom. The dance ■will be formal, memIters of Scabbard and Blade wearing tmiforms, and all others wearing formal attire. According to an announcement by Cadet Lt. Colonri Harley Wheeler, chairman of the dance committee, invithtion will bo strictly by bids, whidi will be dis>tributed by members o^ Scabbard and Kade. Univars^Club . . . facol^ sorial organIsatioD, will hold its winter formal dance ba the south baBroom of the Union tomorrow evening from 9 to 18. irr Given add his orchestra will ptovldo music. Admission la by card only. ,, ^
. . . started the game at a guard post and played one of the most aggressive games of his career. Besides his defensive work, “Horsie” dropped a quartet of buckets through the net, three of them the result of excellent pivot play.
Golf Greenkeepers Open 2-Day Session Tuesday Morning starting Tuesday morning in the East Faculty Lounge of the Union, golf greenkeepers will hold their fourth annual two-day school. This short course is directed ^ by M. L. Clevett of the physical ed- < ucation department in Co-operation with the Indiana Greenkeepers As-
sociation.
The program for the first day will include a talk by Dr. John Montrith, Jr, government greens official. Other speakers include Dr. G. D. Scarseth and 0. C. Lee of the University faculty, A. L. Brandon, editor of the “Greenskeeper’s Reporter,” O. J. Noer of the Milwaukee Se-wage Commission, a fertilizer specialist and W. H. Diddel, golf architect of Indianapolis. Annual Banquet The annual banquet to be held Tuesday evening in the Union cafeteria, will have Herb Graffis of Chicago, editor of the magazine Golfdom as toastmaster. On the second and final day, O. J. Noer •will show kodachrome sUdes and discuss fertilizers. Other highlights of the day include O. C. Lee, University botanist, talking on the weed situation and architect Diddel on the minimum essentials for a
golf course.
At last year’s short course the largest attendance of any greenkeeper gathering in the country with the single exception of the national convention, was attracted to tbis campus. e.w.n.lA'
Sunday; Febraary 23# 1941
fiukiwL £xpoiuaiL
Elher Edils By Gordon Griffin
The Free Company is the name for a new organization recently set up to oomhat hostile propaganda by restating the principles of freedom and democracy. Some of America’s foremost people are volunteering their services for this series, which will include plays by Robert E. Sherwood, William Saroyan, Marc Connelly, James Boyd and other famous American authors. The first dramatic production will be broadcast this afternoon at 1:00 over CBS, and will also reach South America by short-wave ... the tops in entertainment, minus high-pres-sure commercials. Quiz shows seem to have the hot foot lately. Dr. I. Q., of course, is still continuing his cross-country jaunts. This time he hops from Miami, Fla., to Seattle, Wash., where he will broadcast from the stage of the Orpheum Theater tomorrow night at 8:00 over NBC-Red.... Not
to be outdone, the 01’ Professor and his Kollege visit the Marines at San Diegfo during their stay in “God’s country.” . . . Bob Hawk and his Take It or Leave It show enter into the Mardi Gras celebration this week when they visit New Orleans. His show will be broadcast from there tonight at 9:00 over CBS. . . . Vox Pop takes the cake (if there’s any left after all these years) for the first place in traveling Quizzlings (not to be confused with the Quislings). Parks Johnson and Wally Butterworth set a precedent on February 13, when they interviewed Mr. and Mrs. Latin America in Mexico City. Since then, they visited and broadcast from San Juan, Puerto Rico, and will air-minate from Havana, Cuba. —e-e— Willie Hoppe, world’s three-cush-ion billiards champion (see Newsweek, p. 66), will meet Bill Stem on his Sports broadcast tonight over NBC-Blue. ^-0 Happy listenin’.
General Electric Company has succeeded in making diamonds, resembling dust particles, in their experimental laboratory.
TODAY-MONDAY —
3 Latin Nations Plan ToSieze Foreign Ships By Allen Haden SPECIAL EADIO To Chicago Daily Foreign News Service. Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc. Buenos Aires, Feb. 22. — Argentina, Brazil and Chile are expected to take simultaneous action within a few days with a view to putting into use aguin close to 60 ships of Danish, Dutch, Norwegian, German, French and Italian ownership, anchored in. their harbors. Justification Cold and hunger are the motives; national need is the justification; the rule of angary, under international law, provides that a country may seize the property of a foreigner against compensation but it may be applied only in case of national necessity. The prevailing idea here is that the situation is so serious that action is essential. Ready To Compensate Owner It is argued, Argentina, Brazil and Chile today have urgent need to export their produce and in turn to obtain necessary manufactured products. Moreover, no theft is proposed, as all three countries are prepared to compensate the owners for every ship returned to use. President Pedro Aguirre Cerda of Chile has declared that the three Danish vessels tied up in Chilean (Continued on page 3)
The ^th Columii
Today we are swiping most of our stuff from the Ohio State Lantern. Not that we never swiped anything before. It’s just that... We’re usually not quite so obvious. ♦ * ♦ At any rate we understand that the Russian comissar insists that the Soviet is a naval power. And having seen them in action on land. We are inclined to agree. j * » * So long as the Swiss navy is bottled up on Lake Geneva. And the British cruiser, Ajax, is kept on duty patrolling the Mediterranean. They can be a real naval power. With complete control of the Black Sea. * * m Also/we hear that in spite of the British blockade, the problem of finding metals to feed the machinery of war is progressing successfully. And from all indications it will. As long as Goering’s medals hold out. * * * Speaking of the Nazi fat man. It seems that some of the people who sent telegrams collect <ndticizing the German radio programs wanted to know how he manages to keep his figure. What with rationing and all. Our guess is that the organization is starving the whole Polish nation to death just to ... Keep up a front.
Or else the pompous old goat has convinced the little man who passes out the ration cards.
ROTC Winners ... of this year's Chicago Tribune awards for outstanding sophomore basic ROTC students. Cadet Sergeant Majors A. L. Jackson, C. F. Albright, and R. T. Ball were introduced on a special broadcast in their honor over Station WGN last night. They left the campus yesterday afternoon in the company of Lieutenant Hebbeler and two Cadet Colonels
The Purdue Exponent KntcMd M Meond d«M mtter at tb* poat oMm ta LafajretUk Indiaaw. andar the aet af Congreaa a( Mardi t, 1879, aad at the apeoial rate of jmtaze vrqdM for in aeetlon 1108, aet of October 8,1017, authorfaied Jaaaarp SO, 1922. Pobltohed daily eaeept Moa^ dnrlair the retmav academic year and weekly dnrinz the Snahmer Seaaion. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, aaail anb■cription $8.60 Bkiitar.in.Chief B. W. Doaahaa Borineee Manayer— Maria Hag^ayar Piibiieotien Staff Mawa Editor — J. M. MeKoe Kditor D. K. Hripie Aaaoeiate Bditora: N. A. Ochiltree, 3. A. Paiaall, lTw. Roifaer, B. M. Skallerup, J. L. Tmayott Bininaw Staff Local Advertislns llanaaara: D. S. Powem, fit Laadera; Rromotioa Manager, 0. F. DangleaMriaa: Aaaoanta Manager, S. 3, Shadford; Clraulatioa Maaiiger, R. M. Redttenwald. Ce-ad Staff Bditor.-. ~JMii ItewaoB Aaaqaiate RdHonii Mary Kay Miller, Ram Roae^ D^na Sieaa. Sperta Staff Sditor F. Dolan Aaaoeiata Editoia: 3. F. Adamcoa, P. 0. Jahaaaa. R. O. Bwaim. Phenat: MItorial 4005; Buslnasa 50i8; Sperta 2792 Raprcoaated far airional adverttaiag by Matlenal Advartiaing Servlea, Inc., College Pnbliahera lUpiaoaatatiTca, 420 Madlaon Ava., New York, N. Y. Staff Par lliia loom
Night Editor t RnSaar laaae Editor i Ranafon
Day BdMart SieM Night Bporta IMitari JohaMm
Sta«: B. W. NocdUnger, J. F. Zinaki. A. Hpnter, J. S. Keeler, O. T. Clark, Fisher, Peg Reward, John Amoe.
That he’s a whole squad. • 0 * Of course there is the alternative that he doesn’t get enough to eat and is wearing pillows to avoid alterations on his uniforms. Or, like the post World War I mark. Is just inflated.—dkh
WLi VLu’k We
^i-e
By Mary Kay
'earti
We sorta got roped into this and don’t know what to say, but here goes. (Ed. Note: She did not!) —wTw— We went skating yesterday at Columbia Park. Saw lots of students, but none of these skating costumes with the short skirts and long hose Maybe none of the co-eds know how to skate well enough to appear in such a costume. As a special favor we would like to tell you that Bruce Van Scoter was wearing a light tan poplin windproof jacket and black and white tweed trousers with a bright red cap on his head and red socks to match. He was quite a sight to see, girls. —^wTw— Even with the zero winds blowing and a little snow lurking around in the comers, we still have hopes for an early spring. We have some interesting stuff about costume jewelry. The co-eds are and will be wearing belts and jewelry in natural cowhide of the dog-collar variety studded with multi-colored disks, diamonds and crescents of glass. Buttons are being tied with leather thongs. ... Be different and be known by wearing a name plate, of leather on your lapel. Purses will match shoes and belts in texture and color. . . . Try wood in huge beads in all colors and shapes. Wear them from early morning till the wee hpurs of the next morning. —^wTw— The University of Texas did it, so why can’t we ? They had a contest for the best dressed girl on campus. This is an annual affair down there.
The contest is open to all and the best one is chosen by popular vote. We do not know their rules, but if people were interested we would be willing to help set up some rules for such a contest. Wouldn’t it be fun to select the best dressed girl on campus? We think she should be chosen as the best dressed at all times and not just while the contest is going on. —^wTw— We hope the contest develops. Let us know your sentiments on the idea. Until it becomes a real thing, good dressing.
WBAA
MONDAY 11:00—The World Since 1914—Prof. Frank Hall 11:60—Purdue News Flashes 12:00—Agricultural Forum 12:15—Sports Review 12:30—Meet the Band 12:46—'Monitor Views the News 1:00—Principles and Problems of Leadership—ProL^ A. A. Smith 1:46—Market Reports 2:00—Just Relax 2:16—Safety Program 2:30—Scientific News Review 2:46—Meditations—Rev, T. F. Williams 3:00—Strange Styles in Stinr and Song 3:16—Music—Just Muste 4:00—Petite Musieale 4:80—^Ether Editor 4:46—Story Boek Hour 7:30—Purdue and Iowa Basketball Game
How We Answered the Demand for Better Gleaning— Crown has just completed a new cleaning plant—new bnildings, all new equipment of the latest type, modern methods. These improvements in addition to a quarter pf a century of practical experimice Is your guarantee of cleaning of the hipest quality.
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTH E t
T'm
Sxptmnt
Fe|»nifitfy 23^ 1941
fia/ja. 3 •‘^snahoL
h
n
Notices
Fratcmity pTMidcnts: Authorise your treasurers to send cheques for fire assessments to me immediately. —BEJIGSTBDT. Catalyirt |3abt Biectlon of pledses at Ohemtc^ and Hetallurgical Building; at 7 p. m. Saturday, March 1. 8is;n up for the par^ in Dr. I^veirs office before Friday aftenoon. - —bergstbdt.
will all be given inr foom 111 of tTnlverslQr Hall at 6 p. m. —GREEK.
Hlllel Foundation t Discussion meeting on Sunday, February 28, in room 802. The meeting will start at 6:80 p. m. —WOLF.
Union Tferkers! Members of the Bum Room Committee meet in the Union office
PIA Board: Regrulac meeting in the PIA office Monday afternoon, February 24, at 4:a0p.m. —MUSSER. Ilodel Airplane Builders: The first gieeting of the Purdue Aeromodelers this semester will be held in room 868 of the Union, 7.80 p. m., Wednesday, Fd>ruary 20. Movies of the National Model Air Meet wil( be shown. —OBARSK.
Riveters Crush America
Iowa,Wildcats In Track Meet
(Continued from page 2)
at 4 p. m« llonday, February 24.
WOLFF.
Prom Committee: Meeting in room 201 of the Union at 4 p. m. Wednesday, February 26. Important. —WOLFF.
Skull and Crescent Actives: Get money to Burkholder as soon as possible for keys. He needs it. —LANIUS.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Meet 7:80 p. m., Monday, February 24, at 825 W. Lute fit. —WAYNE.
SeHvener dub: Meeting Sunday, Februuary 28, in room 201 of the Union. Bring
Tan Beta Pi: Meeting Tuesday, February 25, in room 808 of the Union at 7:80 p. m. -MONTGOMERY. Removal of Conditions in English and Speech: Rsamlnatione wiU be held ip rppm 101 of the Education building Saturday, March 16, at 1 p. m. —CREEiK. Staff of Qistery. Government, and Eeenomics Dept.: Will yon please announce to your plae^ that the examinations for removal of C'a and I’s in this department wiil be b^ in room 818 of the Recitation building Saturday. March 8, at 1 p. m. Applications should he made at the general office not Jater than Friday, Students and Staff: Persw not reviving their copy of the Fall or Winter Scrivener, please card to the Scrivener office in Union. -ALEXANDER. An Students: Eligible for holding an NYA Job and interested in assisting or directing the prodnethm of plays in nearby communities should turn their applioarions in to the Plankop secretary in Fowler HalL —CARMICHAEL.
Union Workers: There will be a short meeting of the sophomore and freshmen work^ on the Aeromodelers committee at 4:10 p m. today. -‘KNIGHT.
PIA Members: Beginners Dance Class will start Thursday, February 27, at 7 :S0 p. m., in room 368 of the Union. Get your tickets in the PIA office now. —HUMPHREY.
Reamers: Meeting Monday at 7;16 p. m. in room 804 of the Union. Bring reflectors —BOHLIN. Student Union and Reception Committee: Meet in the Union office at 4:15 p. m. Monday. Important! —SCHAUPP
AU Co edit Tboee wanting YWCA cabinet positions for next year shonld send Xmtltlons to Miss Bryant or Miss Coolldge before March 18. —BRYANT.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.50. OSipe supplies. Mimeograph and multigrapb work. C. F. EbershoS, 606 Main St Phone, 2779.
JqiUor Chemical and Metallurgical Engineers: Inspection trip assessments wre due. Pay in room 101, chem and met building. —I^VELI* Review Oassea in English: The following classes wRl be held: Grammar, week of February 17; Punctuation, week of February 24: Spiling, weric of March 8. They
FOR RENT For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. |2 60 all night. Phone 2407.
Lost: From Basement Biology Building. Brown topcoat containing bunch important keys. Return to Cary Hall or Biology Bl^, Reward. No questions asked. Nachon Jeu Ph. 8421.
Victorious in its second straight meet, the Boilermaker track squad returned yesterday from Iowa Oity with an impressive win over Northwestern and Iowa in the three schools' triangular meet Friday night. Scoring in every individual event and dominating two races by placing three men, the Riveters heaped points high over their opponents. Score: PurdUe, 59; Northwestern, 41%; Iowa, 29%. Leaders of the Riveter assault were Fd Holderman, miler, and Ed Anthony, quai*ter-miler, who sent meet records to the rocks in their specialties. Captain Holderman, inactive in the season opener against Chicago last Saturday, sped to his first victory of the year in 4:24.6, edipsing his 1940 record for the meet. Anthony broke the 440 yard mark with a :61.1 time. All-Riveter In the opening'^event, the mile run, the Riveters Iwept the first three places on performances by Holderman, Jarvis, and Stanley, respectively. The two-mile run provided a similar Riveter ending with McLaughlin winning, Stanley and Reeves following up. Versatile Dave Rankin stole high point laurels by sharing first place in the 70-yard low hurdles, placing second in the shot put, and picking up third place points in the 70-yard high hurdles. Seven Firsts Other of the seven Riveter firsts
harbors must be taken over as they are needed to transport salable goods to Argentine ports and foods to isolated populations in the south. Argentina In Argentina there is a scarcity of coal. Instead of the 10 colliers normally arriving monthly from England, one is arriving now. Argentina produces no coal and its railroads require it. In addition, between 15,000 and 20,000 tons of freight already sold to United States buyers cannot be shipped because of were annexed by Jentsch in the 880 yard run. Dodge in the broad jump, and Weber, shot put. Summary: Mile ran—^Won by Holderman (P), Jarvis (P) second, Stanley (P) third, Hinricbs (I) fouiih. Time, 4 *24.6. (New meet record Former mark of 4:29 set by Holderman in
1940.)
60-yard dash—Won by Piker (N) Schneider (N) second, Schlauder (I) third, Keim
(P) fourth. Time, :6.4.
440-yard dash—Won by Anthony (P), W. T^d (I) second, Markovitz (I) third. Ten Eyck (P) fourth. Time, :611. (New record for meet; former mark of *61 8 set
by Shackleton of Purdue in 1940 )
70-yard high hurdles—^Won by Finch (N), Horvath (N) second, VoUenweider (1) third,
Rankin (P) fourth. Time, :8.8.
Two-mile fun—Won by McLaughlin (P), Stanley (P) second, Reeves (P) third, Hin-
richs (I) fourth. Time, 10:19.2.
880-yard run—Won by Jentsch (P), R. Todd (I) second, Johnson (N) third. Wolf
(I) fourth. Time, 2*09.
70-yard low hui^les—Won by Rankin (P), and Horvath (N), tie, VoUenweider (I) third, Gron, (P) fourth. Time, ;8.0. One mile relay—^Won by Iowa, (Hinrichs, Lapham, Schlauder, W. Todd), Purdue, second; Northwestern, third. Time,
3:29 3.
Pole vault—^Won by Thistlewaite (N), Steinbeck (I) second. Carter (P) third,
Britt (P) fourth Height, 18 feet.
Shotput—Won by Weber (P), Rankin (P) second, Luebcke (I) third, Ovson (N)
fourth Distance, 44 feet, 1 inch.
High jump—Won by D. Smith and J. Smi^ (N) tie, MeEachem (P) third, Hor-
vath (N) fourth. Height, 6 feet.
Broad jump—Won by Dodge (P), Clay (I) second, Horvath (N) third, Wilkerson
(I) fourth. Distance, 22 feet 1% Inches
MtenJtwTL! • If you want to save money • If you want your money’s worth. Buy your Debris now—for the price is going from $4.50 to $5.00.
MARCH 5TH in just 10 DAYS!!
Pictures of all activities, students, dances, sor^ oritieB and fraternities. A complete history of 1940-41 all for $4.50. fisummbsJt,! The Deadline for $4.50 Is March 5th 1941 DEBRIS
serions shortage of bottoms. And only today 500 tons of wool were sold in Buenos Aires at the excellent price of about 25 cents a pound. Brazil Studies Action Brazil, in turn, is reported to be considering appropriating the for-eign-owned ships in her harbors in order to remedy the deficiency of ocean freight, which has not only stopped the transportation of needed manufactured goods, but has prevented the shipment of cotton and hides as well. British Opposition Bri^sh opposition to the prospective action by the South American countries is based simply upon the conviction that even indirect benefits to the enemy must be prevented. However, if assurances are given that pasonent for seized ships will not go to Germany, it is believed that this opposition will be overcome. British approval is necessary since, otherwise, as soon as the ships were at sea, they would be liable to seizure by British blockading vessels. If some solution of this knotty problem can be found, the more than 200 ships which now lie idle in American ports can put to sea once more.
Ward2f Bests Fiat Net Champs, 34-22 In a game deciding the intranmCBl basketball championship on thff campus. Ward 21, winner of Uie ward title, lashed the best of Um fraternity teams. Pi Kappa Alpha, with a 34-22 score yesterday afternoon on the Fieldhouse floor. Ahead 15-8 at half time, the Ward 21 quintet. Composed mostly of residents of the Luma house, continued to outscore the PiKAs in the final period, possessing a 12-point lead at the end of the game. A brother act by the Hobsons aecoimted for all but nine points for the winners, while Martin added 10 points to the frat total for scoring honors.
BOX SCORE
WARD 21
FG
FT
PF
Hobson. P, f
4
0
0
Hobson, J, f Carrini^n, f
7
1
0
2
8
2
Ely, c
0
0
1
Re^er, g „
1
1
2
Hannon, g
2
0
0
Totals
16
2
6
PI KAPPA ALPHA
F<r
FT
PF
Bremen, I
2
0
2
Martin, f _
6
0
2
Hartley, c
0
8
2
Herlnglake, g
8
0
8
Neate, g _
„ „ 1
0
1
Totals -
11
8
7
A Few of Our Year RouikI Bargains . FORM B—23c • SAVE up to 25% You Could Write Our Adverdsing If You Could See Our Values PURDUE 5 + 10
Across from Post Office
^jul&L CbwihjUL
One of the Many Union Lounges
A place to sit and leisurely enjoy that good old “homey” feeling. JAa fiWkdWL TltmnifuaL Wmn. The Comer of ike Campue-—^ Yet iho'(len$er of At^vUiespaqa^-Spoffi^
n ■
Sunday* February 23« 1941
Northwestern Hammond High Wins Second Straight Indiana State Swimming Championship
By PHIL JOHNSON
Four state high school records fell by the wayside yesterday afternoon in the Fieldhouse as the Hammond High School tank squad staged a thrilling finish in the final event of the day to eke out their second state ISHAA swimming championship for the second time in as many years. The meet was one of the closest contests ever held in the Boilermaker pool, with Central of South Bend and Horace Mann of Gary vieing closely with the winners throughout the contest. The final score read Hammond, 38; Horace Mann of Gary, 37; and Central of South Bend, 36.
Horace Mann of Gary ran up an
early lead in the early stages of the meet that appeared sure of assuring them of victory. Jones, anchor man of their 200 yard free style relay team, fell behind Kujawa of Central and Pavelchek of Hammond after the Gary team had led all of the way to miss out a second place position and the championship for his team
by only a very few inches.
Another Record
Quenett of Lew Wallace (Gary) lowered the existing state mark in the 100 yard breast stroke by nearly two seconds in the morning qualifying rounds, but was defeated in the finals in a grand race with Jessup of Horace Mann to lower the three hour old record by four-tenths of a
second.
Molnar of Washington of East Chicago tied the former state record yesterday morning in the 100 yard backstroke event and came back in the finals to chop over two seconds off of his previous try for the second state record. Horace Mann set a new 150 yard medley relay record in the morning preliminaries and then lowered the mark another two sec-
onds in the finals to set a new record
of 1:30.3 minutes.
All of the six teams qualifying in the morning in the 200 yard freestyle relay race lowered the former state mark by at least three seconds each. In the final event of the day a strong Hammond four-some lowered the newly set mark by another sixtenths of a second to place the new
state mark at 1:48.0.
Lew Wallace of Gary tallied 16 points to carry off fourth place honors, followed by Washington of East Chicago with 11, Wiley of Terre Haute with 9, Whiting with 8, and Jefferson of Lafayette with 1 point. West Lafayette failed to place.
Complete summary:
50 yard free style—Won by Kujawt, Central, South Bend: Mills, Horace Mann, Gary, second; Fait, Horace Mann, Gary, third; Kolle, Hammond, fourth; Eeser, Jefferson, Lafayette, fifth. Time, :26.4. 100 yard breast stroke—Won by Jessup, Horace Mann, Gary; Quennet, Lew Wallace, Gary, second; Porter, Central, South Bend, third: Chalos, Hammond, fourth; Sarolf, Horace Mann, Gary, fifth. Time, 1:12.2. (New State Record—Breaks old mark of 1:14.5 set by Thomas, Hammond, in 1935). 220 yard free style—Won by Mazlack, Le\y Wallace, Gary; Stewart, Whiting, second; Strong, Horace Mann, Gary, third; Oran, Central, South Bend, fourth; Harrison,
Hamming Birds are I times reinforced at tite heel, 4 times (or more) reinforced at the toe. Dainty bat strong, daqr cat down troables at these vidnerabla points. A HIDDEN VALUE that
. . . It’s not a GUESSING GAME NOW ‘"PPhat beauties our new Humming Bird Davencrepes are—exotically sheer, marvelously clear, magnificently smart colors. And you don’t have to guess at their quality. HIDDEN VALUE , SPECIFICATIONS are clearly listed on a special Tissue Wrap around each pair of stockings. Buy several pairs. They make you so proud of your legs.
'2)/zmc/iepe^L tjuininirq Bird SThread 79c
3 pairs $2.28
Three Riveter Boxers Leave For Windy City Three Boilermaker boxers, John Pyle, Jimmy Beers, and Gus Boughan, who were winners in the recently completed Lafayette Golden Gloves tournament, will leave this morning with the remaining five champions for Chicago where they will compete with teams from 43 other centers in the Tournament of Champions. The preliminaries will be held Monday and Tuesday nights, the semi-finals Wednesday night, and the finals next week. During the first round the Lafayette boxers will face winners from other cities of less than 100,000 persons. After this first round they will meet winners of all cities. Pyle and Beers will fight tomorrow night, while Boughan will not compete until Tuesday.
Wiley, Terre Haute, fifth. Time, 2:34. 100 yard back stroke—Won by Molner^ Washington. E. Chicago; Robertson, Central, South Bend, second; A. Anderson, Horace Mann, Gary, third; Stewart, Central, South Bend, fourth; O. Anderson, Horace Mann, Gary, fifth. Time, 1:09.9. (New State Record—Breaks old mark of 1:11 set by Meyers, Hammond, in 1935.) 100 yard free style—Won by LaBaw, Hammond : Pritchett, Wiley, Terre Haute, second : Grynecki, Washington, E. Chicago, third : Pavelchek, Hammond, fourth ; Trocha, Washington, E. Chicago, fifth. Time, :58.3. Fancy Diving—Won by Clark, Hammond; King, Central, South Bend, second; Maklelski. Central, South Bend, third; Sartini, Hammond, fourth; Szkatitis, Washington. East Chicago, fifth. 160 yard medley relay—Won by Horace Mann, Gary (A. Anderson, Jessup, Fait) ; Hammond, second; Lew Wallace, Gary, third: Central, South Bend, fourth; Whiting, fifth. Time, 1:33. (New State Record— Breaks old mark of 1:32.4 set by Hammond in 1940.) 200 yard free style relay—Won by Hammond (Kolle, Kohl, Keithley, Pavelchek) ; Central, South Bend, second; Horace Mann, Gary, third: Wiley, Terre Haute, fourth; Whiting, fifth. Time, 1 ;48.0. (New State Record—Breaks old mark of 1:64.4 set by Hammond in 1938.)
Riveter Cagers FaceHawkeye Foe Tomorrow Shortly after last night’s Minnesota game, the Boilermaker basketball squad began the long trek southward toward Iowa City in preparation for the tilt with the Hawkeyes tomorrow night. For the lowans, this will mark the seeokd hardwood encounter of the weekend with a team from the Hoosier State, since last night they were up against it on the home floor in their set-to with the Crimson of Indiana. Hawkeyes Drop Six The twelve members of the Riveter traveling squad will be playing against some of the toughest individual competition in the Big Ten when they take to the floor in Iowa’s fieldhouse tomorrow. Boasting some of the Conference’s highest scorers, the unpredictable Hawkeyes have failed to convert all of the potential power into points, and have thus far won three games and lost six. Siegal and Kuhl Star Captain Vic Siegel of the Hawkeye squad is one of the few Junior basketball captains in the sport today and is in addition the team’s high scorer with 167 points for the season. This fine forward and Hawkeye center Milton Kuhl have shown the opposition ball handling par excellence throughout the past season. Last year Siegel ended up as number seven man on the conference scoring records. In this game tomorrow night, Coach Lambert’s men will be gunning for their 20th victory over Iowa’s cornhuskers. Thus far, in the series between the two teams, the Boilermakers have won 19 games and the Hawkeyes 12. Last year's tilt saw the Riveters make 60 points to the Iowa squad’s bare 29, Tall Corn—^Tall Men Fresh from the Gopher tilt, in which the Gold and Black quintet en-
■
TfflS PRETTY GIRL KNOWS that neatness and cleanliness of prime importance. Is your formal ready for the Sophomore Cotillion? Better send it today to
Phone 4081
Phone 4081
fijtMdtuL Sxfarnuud.
ers,16-14
Wildcats Gain Revenge For Previous Riveter Win Evanston, 111., Feb. 22—(Special to Purdue Exponent)—Saturday, a week ago, Northwestern's wrestlers, venturing onto the Riveter campus for the first time this season were soundly trounced 23-11 and sent back to Evanston generally beaten, crushed and otherwise mangled; Today in a return meet held at Northwestern, the Wildcats bounced back hard enough to throw the Boilermaker mat squad to a surprising 16-14 loss. Good Start, But... ———
The first four matches went almost exactly as before, with the Riveters continuing to forfeit in the 128 pound class because of Seikman who has been injured. However, in the 121 pound class, Fredericks won by a decision over Walker of the Wildcats, as did Riveter Allman over Weinstein in the 136 pound group. All continued to go well for the Boilermakers in the 146 pound group with Foster decisioning Puharich in a very well fought bout. This was to be the last Boilermaker victory for some time. In the 156, 166, and 176 pound classes, Britt, Hlinka and Eviston each dropped their respective matches. These three bouts, coupled with the early forfeit decided the match in Wildcat favor. Ruggiere of the Riveter squad succeeded in pinning Chambers in the heavyweight division but it was not enough and the Riveters lost the meet 16-14. Complete Summary 121 pound class: Fredericks (P) won by decision over Walker (NW) ; 128 pound class: Purdue forfeits: 136 pound class: Allman (P) won by decision over Weinstein (NW) : 146 pound class: Foster (P) decisioned Puharich (NW) ; 166 pound class: McMillan (NW) pinned Britt (P) : 166 pound class: Bat^n (NW) decisioned Hlinka (P) : 176 pound class: Truby (NW) decisioned Eviston (P) ; Heavyweight class: Ruggiere (P) pinned Chambers (NW). j.s.k. joyed one of their very rare advantages in height, the Riveter squad, in playing Iowa, will be back in the same old spot of trying to out-jump their taller opponents. Iowa center, Milton Kuhl, towers 6 feet, 6 inches and Soderquist, one of the best guards on the Hawkeye team is 6 feet, 4 inches. This comparative lack of height on the Riveter five makes the problem of defense and rebound control still of prime importance. Much of the team’s success tomorrow night will depend as it has in the past, on the Boilermaker’s ability to keep the ball away from the few really sharpshooting members of the Hawkeye quintet. j.8.k.
Minnesota Tops Riveters, 68-50 (Continued from page 1) in the attack to raise the lead to 63 to 40. From this time on the Minnesota coach substituted frequently, the reserves continuing the scoring habit. Blemker, Sprowl, and. Hoffman staged a short rally midway in the second period by counting on their respective specialty shots, but the rally was stymied by the ball hawking ability of,the Gopher'defense. Thirteen players saw action for the Minnesota team. Blanken Leads Losers Don Blanken led the loser’s attack with 15 points, followed by Don Blemker with an even 10 tallies. Ajax counted 17 times to lead the host team’s scoring with Carlson and Don Smith copping runner-up honors with 11 points each. Howard Hoffman, Boilermaker sophomore forward, started the game in injured Captain Igney’s spot and played nearly the entire encounter, scoring two field goals and a trio of free throws. The tall, well-built forward became ineligible at the beginning of the semester and was reinstated just in time to make the trip. Complete SnmMMT PURDUE 60 FG FT PF Hoffman, f S 8 0 Igney, f 0 2 0 Sumner, f 0 0 0 Sprowl, f 2 8 0 Blanken, c 8 Blemker, g Caress, g Riley, g Conr^, g
Totals ...
.18 14
MINNESOTA 68 EG Carlson, D., f 4 Smith, J., f 0 McDonald, f • Smith, D., f t Exel, f 8 Lynn, c • Ajax, c 7 Carlson, R., c : 0 Worhol, g 8 Olson, g 0 Epp, g 1 Thune, g 8 Mohr, g 1
Totals
2*
The Lowest Prices Quality Permits!
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK •4th fr M«ln Sts. Phono 5710
DEACS Everything for a College Education
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
Complete Student Supplies SOUTHWORTH'S
• Shoe Repair
Complete Line of Greeting Cards University Book Storo M. C "Red"' Sanunons '29 R.W."Doc"Eppla'40
BOSSUNG SHOE REBUILDING Phone 2240 221 State
• Photographers
• Hardware
Cameras and Supplies Picture Framing HINEA PHOTOGRAPHER 634 Main St. Phone 7775
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. (Juality Mdse.—Lower Prices If It's Hardware We Hava It Phone 4354 We Deliver
• Locksmith
• Dairy Products
Keys and Locks Keyt for trunks, door locks, dssk ^ks, night latches end padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories ettd repairing. MULHAUPrs 309-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUAUTY MILK Phone 46214-
!X y
^*1 i, y
T&Tf’
fdal