'-"'t ?X/■*./?• < * r >■ ^ '
u
>!» k
&A(- i
*-
MERRY-GO-ROUND Mj # EDITOItlAL Tells Of Nazi U-Boat m MM J9 JIW JKmm Jf ^ Jiiil^t if% JUt ^ University rU/UuiMJ^Mm%^2l047v^^ Menace In Atlantic w v m Typical College? Established 1889 ’ « y^iutne 55, No. 69 Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana Sunday, January 10, fSI43 Boilermaker Quintet Swamps Chicago Five 59-22 Ag Groups Will Convene Tomorrow Exponent ^^/®''® Leaders fxpec# Registration Will DU» ^mOUnceS Tn Piili O/ I V^na* rrflnCCSCflitI Iflll r loV tf* 1. ^ II Last night Coach Ward Lambert’s basketball team opened ■ y f cfll *Jti%jrL \JT LmaSJ> I Gaf •aiBla ^OOI^LS its Big Ten season, to the approval of all the Boilermaker fans, Homemakers, dairymen, farmers and 4-H Club members In MiK'ir Hall At 1 P M with the scoringist ball game the Fieldhouse has housed from every nart of the statp will hpHn vP(ri<,trf,tinn+omnt-vnw 8«“ IWiy^lV IJCIII Mli ^ T • IWl. r* ijt r* season, decisively downing the University of Chicago o9-22. i , .!.^r * , tomorrow FieldhoUSe Crew This Chicago defeat makes the Slst consecutive Conference lor the 41st annual Agricultural Conference to be held on the Tn Onran ^.v. 4. -u n/r i j j campus Monday through Wednesday of this week. Last year ' ° C,V« Needc Workprc “It ‘hat the woebegone Maroons have dropped ■registration for the week reached a total of over eight thou- A* 7Ti P U tire-tatlng PjeCOS WOrKCfS For the first time this season the Boilermakers grabbed an sand, however, a smaller group MlZ.iyr.m. As the University enters its ex- early lead, then continued to is expected due to transports- D.„L »>■ “S Remmers Rofgc Raffia tensive winter sports program, the , ™E BOX ^OREi add to said lead the full route tion difflculties and the fact 11316111117 RUSh Zino Francescatti, noted WdlllC Exponent finds itself in need of E«rf"e FG FT PF TP of the game. Captain A1 Menthat some counties will hold Raasna Fhmf^^ staff. The national emergency pro- Friend, f 1 0 0 2 . • / ^ ' .small conferences of their own. R0ri|nc play for a concert to bf -pre- **«®**“^ vides for emphasis on physical ac- f 1 0 0 2 & i ,T’-u, v Registration for the week ^ rented in the Music HaH this g pj gtenhenson reason the Uni- Morns, f 2 0 0 4 eis o oved cosely behind will be held tomorrow morning in |„ afternoon at 3. The doorWiU Usually calm and somewhat mddTe’ f 0 0 1 0 also the Great Hall of the Union qnd I OIROrrOW 111 UllfOn open at 2:15 p. m. for the COn- peaceful in these times of stress, c'^^toffed only to a minor extent. f 0 0 1 0 a-ldcd his snare to the scoring colwill continue until the close of the . ^^rt the first of the winter se- the impressive Beta castle was sud- , Students who find that their in- Menke 6 2 1 14 nm w. h 11 poiius, all garnered m conference. Meetings of the vari- All men interested in fraternity ’ ^ j^^terest and knowledge leans toward Swa^ 2 0 0 4 Uie first pei loci. ous departments to discuss their I’usk are requested to. register at Bie.Ster. chaos Wednesday afternoon when sports should give care- ^"‘® ®’ S i n Ehlers Starus Things Off fields of study will be held the re- the Fraternity Affairs Office, Room France.scatti, once highly pj^.^ ful consideration to this department Lawson, g 2 ^ * Ed Ehlers siartecl off the rather niainder of the day. 328, in the Union tomorrow, Tues- commended by the New York lofty structure to the o-round A selection of their extra-cur- ® ®y> S n n n game as far as thrills Convo At 7 Monday day, and Wednesday, at 4:00 p. m. Post as “worthy of the mantle of hastily summoned crew "of Greeks activities. Boilermaker ath- f ;; « J, ® concerned with a shot from Mopday evening at 7 o’clock a con- As a list of registrants will be com- Paganini,” was born in Marseilles, investigating tendrils of smoke r ^ u- i n i 9 Ed iSelson vocation for all registrants will be piled from this source, and Sent to anneared at the head of the spotlight for many years. To Lroswe, t i u i ^ matched that one for Chicago; then held in Fowler Hall. A panel dis- the rush chairman of each fra- All new students of the winter basement stairs, found the cellar ^ large degree the weekly publkity J J { ^ things began to tilt the Boileimaker cussion by members of the Univer- ternity, it will be to the advantage destr^ atte^rtbe ^ ^"‘1 clouds furnished by the Exponent has been J 0 2 2 ^^^ A slty Staff to bring out means of us- of those planning to go through who rtesire to attend the responsible for this. Complete cov- J ® „ f scurried under to sink three from ing available material to counter- tush to register at the designated ’ Francescatti convocation in the erage is given to both major and BHas, f 0 0 0 0 the court and one from the charity act the farm labor shortage and a time. afternoon may department ^ J I a I another talk by 0. B. Jesness, of the Uni- Although previously, fraternity be admitted upon presentation of ^ ^ j woiker a broad slant on the college Harj-ison, c 0 0 0 0 from the foul Ime to boost the score versity of Minnesota, will be the rush has been open to all unorgan- -‘’®‘1“>® teeL seized aS avaiLble fire fight- n^kfev a"’ ' 2 S 0 1 u • , features of this program. ized men in the University, a new GOLDSMITH staggered into . / J S ! J ^ Tuesday morning, an assembly situation has arisen necessitating smoke under the guidance of sports staff is L»uen, g 1 0 1 z two-pointer for the Maroons, Kendealing with the methods of corn a limitation to be placed upon all France, in 1905, the son of musician Rocky Snyder and Lowell Hedburg. beaded by Joe Dawson, senior ME EUman, g 0 111 nedy flipped a tricky .one around, the borer control will be held with L. students still in high school, and parents. His father, a naturalized pjgjgeg formed a bucket brigade at f^^i Indianapolis, whose column, back of his head, then on a fast H, Patch of the U. S. Department of taking part-time work at the Uni- Frenchman of Italian biith, studied stairs and emptied Sports Wave, may be found on ^®^ *be run Agriculture presiding. Members of versity. Rush is closed to these men the violin under Sivori, who, in turn, p^^g^ ^nd pots of water every issue of the UOilCv MpPI iCollClOS ^be foul circle that didn’t the State Dairy Association will only, however, and all others are had studied with the famous ^j-^g cellarway The kitchen Exponent. Joe receives assistance touch the rim. The score at this hold their annual meeting'that aft- free to register, as before. Paganini as his only direct pupil. ^ from the four Associate Editors of point read 14 to 4, Boilermaker, ernoon in Fowler Hall, and a pro- To the younger Francescatti was .gUg p^-ceut two larp-e .sieves, which the staff. They are Clint Sowards, P|||5| Dv ill UHiOll Although the Boilermakers were gram dealing with hogs and their handed the Paganini tradition in- .^^g^^.g pressed into service Shryer, Jim Ackerman and scoring almost at will, the Maroons care will be held in the Livestock SoDhomore CotliilOini influenced gnyder valiantly attacked Smith The prospective worker A}|' ^ IS Fri'flaW consistently broke down Riveter Pavilion at 1. Armual sophomme cotilHon the flames with a barrage of ^ill find a 1 of these men coopera- U!!f£6 D¥ rifClOy Bob Oakley commercialized Carl Nepred To Speak _ sponsored by Lull and Crescent! He has been,^with tomatoes, while Hedbui’g always leady to aid o. be a r f r u • on one of these occurrences for two . Tuesday evening a convocation p^iday night Jan- exception of early training g^^p^j^^ ,^^.gg ^^g extinguishers g^r in starting his work on the Applications for dances in the points for Chicago and Armon will be held in the Music Hall for uaL 29 This dlL fmLl as into the inferno. When the smoke - , ,, , should be m by Ulien whipped the draperies with all attending the conference. Fea- tL past will occupy both ball- «®H-taught. discovered that Applicants for work on the sports Friday afternoon, Jan 15, accord- another putting Chicago as close to .fixed speaker will bo CxU Nepred. ^ .he ^TtI Eire. Pfiblie Appearance several boxes of paper piled too "Lror.he^ Id flo” bj Wd” “ “preTrd.L “ <sl° Se ^eSs^foXfoId and ^ne Of hrd: before next Sunday. he appearance at five, and for sev- flame to cause all of the confusion ^ University organization r ll CC Tl iieeub loi loou ana some oi nis ex years was recognized through- and contusions. The over efficient i „ 4. i, a j • 4-l- rAlll'In H" I l3CC periences overseas. The University Europe as a child prodigy of bucket brigade pumped an esti- plans to have a dance during this r0Ur!ll LL UlaSS musical organizations will present extraordinary talent. At twenty, he mated three inches of water into p.v’VSirtTfTi«iV«f ■ .. . _ selections at this time. Rg&SG §SStS made his formal debut with the the basement to cause more damage "3EpOH©ll,t ibtClII i-w’Vi”^t\n ® In Fr|SifVI|Anf lAC Tuesday is National Farm mobi- Y OU;!) themselves. Work schedules are posted on ^ f lV a! . T’ *" rreqUeilCieS lization day and in accordance with , \A/* i jl servatoire at the Paris Opera, fol- Peace And Quiet Are Once More the bulletin board. Please check ^ ° ® ^ ^ ^ this, most discussions for the after- ^ UlfX S SS“'fr lowed by fourteen years of im- The fire department roared into the assignments and report any io ®”® ^flllFCP noon will be held in places equipped mensely successful concerts, both sight soon after the Beta’s crew of omissions, corrections or com- ?5 representing V R V 65 1*011156 with radio facilities in order that all Piof. C. W. Bcese, head of the de- Europe and South America. volunteers had done their efficient plaints. You are expected to re- 'll m • m attending the conference may hear partment of general engineering m li he came to the United woik. The only things damaged by port for work on the night Th® activities who have offices in Twenty-six electrical engineering an address by President Roosevelt and in charge of the war training states for a limited tour, during the the flames were the tempers and assigned or get a substitute. T Tl ' T L T • T • n to be broadcast at 3 p. m. At the program, was in Columbus, Ohio, (See FRANCESCATTI, page 4) (See BETA BATTLE, page 4) —BUTZ choice f01 looms for the coining mp e ed a special com se in ultiaconvocation that evening. Dean ia.st week with members of his staff semester by Friday afternoon, Jan. high frequency techniques last Reed of the Agriculture School will inspecting the Curlibs-Wright aero 1®' *bis submitted list room week. The course is offered under present a talk on the mobilization nautical plant to determine the selections will be made.. the auspices of the United States program. cour.ses to be organized by the Uni- WnV WomPTl announced the office of education in connection As a new feature of the confer- versity for the 115 women btudents . . . dead line for clubs that have meet- with their war training plan for ence, the State Farm and Home i„ engineeiing who will come here _ * m m students in college and universities,' Safety Conference will be held on February 1. IQ « iifSJi. C lMJjn.aill.TL .1111.1111 pre/orencos .should bo handed in the To^Train Men For M ar Wednesday afternoon in Fowler These men studied what opera- diO I 001 I # I O 306 ¥¥011160 applieation.s for The piupobc of the course is 10 Hall to disemss means of preventing lions the women will be called upon a m bjt la ^ hw ■w'wbhbwbh (lanccb. It ib urged that all ihi.s nam men vvuh a background in farm accidents which slow food pro- to perform in the nlant nroduetion ' „ I work he done pi omptly as none of elect rica' eng mooring for bcrvice in duction. W. G. Powers, of the schedule in order that they can be ■ ■ I I B ^ M M# W I J B ■ 1° m « I.«bLii#» 1'- ’-vilHie considered after Januarj the ai.ny and navy communications Chevrolet Division of General Mo- trained in those fields. These women | |1 3|¥ ml | | | | O O ¥¥ Hi iriOllSIlW JOOS brandieb and im positions in the tors Corporation will prc.sont the Will come to the University at the fWailll^ll WWUi nov vital lariio mdubtr.es. The main talk. Two panel discussions expense of Curtiss-Wright and, at „ , ,, DinAe>4A»< Ta CnAaL couu-e ib now otfeied as a regular on farm and home accidents will be the end of a month will take po.si- By Margaret Bayne.s P065l6r 10 ^0661%' , part ol the EE curriculum. This held at this time linrm at tho nbml of ihia efimtviov Minute women of today are not greatly publicized by joining- the cians has stimulated more women ' graduet.ng clasb ib the third group Luncheons and banquets will be Tho.^e'who inspected the Columbus WAFS and to enter and return to the medical ^ TpAnflc "'’^‘®Huaduate studems who attractions for Wednesday’s pro- plant besides Beese were Profs K l^ut also are making a full time 30b Army and Navy nurses. However, profession. However, at least one 1101151110 116ll05 Imw taken this advanced coui-se. gram, at which time trophies will D. Wood E. F. Bruhon R. W. Lind- ®‘' Manpower less well knoiyn, and equally im- state medical school closed its doors Anothe. groiii) of regular army and ho awarded. Icy S b' Elrod W B Sander.s and c.stimates that six mil- portant are the v’omen who are to women for the duration. Nursing Carl F. Booster, Director of na\j officeis have also completed Pai’il'panlcner This S'lnio'group will women will be engaged in testing out anti-aircraft and ma- facilities are being enlarged. Housing Research at the Univer- thy cnai4,e here at the University. VCF <:nAnCAfC inspect the Louisville plant of the ‘l"'oct war work by the end of 1943. chine guns, driving tanks, running thougj, and new training centers sity, will speak on “Future Tiends Siskind Teaeheb y \^r .jponbuis JOCIdl f„.m during tlm coming week Since America continues to be a 15 ton cianes, training fliers at pri- will be established in connection in Housing” at the regular monthly P. of. K. P. Siskind of the Uni- ■ land of initiative, the final cata- mary flight schools, inspecting with colleges in strategic areas meeting of the Tippecanoe County versity School of Electrical Engi17our TottlOl'tOW At 4 \A/ jl T I loguo of the jobs that women do in planes, cleaning and inspecting throughout the country. unit of Better Homes in America neeriug is the instructor for the yyOOUDUfy I 3KGS this war win be what women make parachutes, cleaning engines, and Drug stores, which feature every- next Tuesday. course. He received special instrue“Get Acquainted Hour,” con- it. So far, women have opened towing planes. thing are now equipped with lady The meeting, which will be held tion at Massachusetts Institute of (iucted by the Varsity Christian RoSGBtch JoJo channels in government work, war Joks Broken Doivn pharmacists; newspapers are in Duncan Community Hall, will Technology in preparation for this ^fellowship, will bo held tomorrow ^ indirntries, business and prol'es- Women have gone to war in staffed with all-women writers; begin at 7:30 p. m. Boester, who has work. Mathematics, direct and alijifternoon in Room 307 of the Union Dr. Charles G. Woodbury, former sional work, and in volunteer work, many war industries. Women who nursery schools are prospering. done a great deal of work in the ternating electrical circuits, vaci'rom 4 to 5. The VCF is the inter- director of the University Agricul- AV’omen In Washington have had no experience in running New Advisory Committee development of low-cost war hous- uum tubes, electronics, transmisdonominational Christian students’ tural Experiment Station, has been Government war jobs have machines are now lathe operators, High-prqssure production for two ing, will discuss future housing sion and ultra-high frequency are organization on campus. appointed special assistant and ad- swelled the population of the na- riveters, drillers, welders, metal years has proven that women excel problems and predict the sort of included in the course of .study. During the hour, Loster Michel visor to Agricultural Research Ad- tional capital to boom-city proper- vvorkeis. As compared with the in "'the tasks that require sharp house that the average American and Ann McKinniss will explain ministrator, E. C. Auchter, U. S. tion, while .sixty per cent of the eight types of positions women held eyes, suppleness of wrist, delicate will live in after the war. A • 1 i • what the Varsity Christian-Follow- Department of Agriculture, Dr. persons now being employed in the in industry two years ago, eighteen touch, repetitive motion, and exact- jCIOllCO /Vla^aAfflc ship is and will define its responsi- Woodbury was director of the Ex- Federal government are women, jobs are now being woman-handled, ness. f f , 1 a • I bilities. periment Station from 1917 to Employment opportunities include Employment of large numbeVs of To assist in this gigantic recruit- || OID© VjdITI© PtintS FFOSu AftlClC 1920,'and for the six year.s prior stenogi aphic, clerical, office ma- women has also been made possible ing job, the War Manpower CoinDobflS To CoitlolGfG *'*’‘^*' served as head of the chine jobs, administrative, tech- by breaking down tasks which have mission has created a Women’s Ad- ^ X A *1 I_| “Superflight Through Superj University horticulture depart- nical, specialized scientific posi- heretofore required years of train- visory Committee of twelve mem- ^©3TS jfW'3ll3DlQ charger,” an article written by VicDolivGry WGdnGsday ment. lions, and highly specialized sci- ing, or a man’s strength, into parts hers—outstanding women from all tor Krumraenacher, froshman en,Dcbri.s distribution will end next Since ho left the University, Dr. entific posts formerly filled only by and assigning to women the opera- parts of the country. They will ad- Tickets for the remaining home gineering student, recently apWednesday. The office in the Union Woodbury has solved as director of men. These arc the jobs, urgently tions they can do. vise in all matters of major policy basketball games will be distributed peared in the November issue of is open from 4 to 5:30. When'calling raw products research in the Na- necessary to the conduct of the war, 66,000 womeiii.are now employed as they affect women, for, from now to students this week, C. S. “Pop” Science and Discovery. The pubfor the year book it is necessary to tional Catmers’ Association. Ills which have drawn thousands of hf banks, proving their ability in on, women will also have to “man” Doan, manager of Ticket Sales, an- Ushers of Science and Discovery present either a sales receipt or new job will concern the scientific girls to Washington, will draw the financial world. Children, espe- many essential civilian services, nounced yesterday. have written to the Purdue Engipassport. aspects of food production, process- thousands moie. cially in rural schools, treated to driving trucks and trolley cars. Tickets for seniors will be avail- neer," in which this article first wade No Debris will lie sent to those ing, and the use of the sohitfons to Women who have derived their the sight of their teachers march- taking over many of the jobs on able tomorrow at the Pieldhouse. its appearance, and have asked and students who are not in school this many research problems coiAiected greatest satisfaction from the feel- ing off to wa/f are facing, once newspapers, in radio stations, in Juniors may get their tickets Tues- obtained permission to hgve iV rqsemester if the book has not been with Secretary Wickard’s responsi- ing that they arc actually working again, a “schoolmar’m.” telegraph offices, banks and essen- day, Sophomores Wednesday and printed in the monthly, Sci«ne« completely paid for. bilities as food administrator. with the fighting forces have been The shortage of civilian physi- tial re^il services. Freshman Thursday. Digest.; / A
syi
■4
Lf
'Sr J. f
Page 2
Purdue Exponent
Sunday, January 10, 1943
Purdue Exponent
Offices iliitoiSBl and Business 'Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sporfs, Fieldhousc, Phone 2792 editorial PhoAe After 10 p m , 5377
Editor Business Manager News Editor Zilanasinc Editor Senior Advertising ManaKcr SpQita Editor Goed Editor 0«ed Business Executive
■William G Hoskins Gerhard H Kiouman Robert W Boswinklc Dale E Batz James G Petty Joseph S Daoson Sally Beall A Jane Kcim
Publication Staff Editoniai Stair Issiicinte Editors B J Caylnr J T Richardson T I Tilton W H Tieon W L 'V'crmilion M L Smith C C Martin dvll L durphy fled S alf Pnylh Mann Martha Lee Entth Carolyn Wilbur J a 11 threns i ort atafi C Sowards J Acherrann D Shrycr R Smith
Business Staff ! slant Advertising Manager I h ilpi
Tabb ( culation Manager W RccktenwaUl ^.crounts Manager MnrvDilts
The Purdue Independent fdrtor in Chief Bert Squier
Staff Per This Issue Night Editor Vermihon {«*sue Editor Abbott Day Editor Ahrens Sports Editor Ackerman Besiorters Stephenson Hahn ^argar Baynes Remmer Gregorv Jordan Bdmond'^on
Ent^'rod as secan 1 cia«s matter at the po I office in Lafay te Indiana under the act of Congress of March 3 1859 ,ind -at the special rate of postage p'*cvided f i in section 1 5 act of October 3 191 authorized Jnniiaiy -0 1922 1 1 hed on Tuesda> T1 urstlay Fridav and S mday n inings ring the yeai Deh%{.red locally by pi rner for $1 7r for a mester or S3 00 for two seme'^ter by n a 1 for V 00 for a mester or $3 -jO for two seme‘'t^is BLepresented for national ndveil mg by National Adverlis ing Service Inc College Publibl ers lUptescntative 1?0 Madison Avc New York N Y
Typical College?
Once upon a time in a lainy distiict in Indiana there lay among the corn fields a college rown The college town was \ery much the ame as most othei college towns m that i1 had c college The college was a technical one The college ’ d a piesident who worked haid for everytiiing that was to the advantage of the stur^nts Soon the college campus boasted of a J autiful Union The college expanded and tome weie buildings galore all over the cam1US But the beautiful Union didn’t have any t L ihone books in its telephone booths and li p' buildings weie without pencil shaipeneis In the college theie weie, as theie aie m ■'V college where theie aie great men to be b tnored, honoraiy societies Theie were also many other clubs It was doubttul lUst why any of these honoiaiies and clubs existed, v,\cept just to honoi big men Some of the honoraiies and clubs called i.hemselve= ser'vice organizations, implying that they lendeied services If the organizations could say that they lendeied services then they would have moie acceptable excuses or existence Some didn’t call themselves service clubs and it was moie difficult to find an excuse for their existence Many of the oiganizations met regularly Secret pass woids, iituals and club affairs \ ere passed down fiom year to yeai Pledges hen becoming members were told to do or le fo~ S(^ry Skeleton, or Pm pie Toenail, or Eioken Toothpick, oi whatevei the organizaon’s name happened to be Few died for the ub, but it seemed that as far as the club v^as concerned it wouldn’t ha\e made much difference, for few “do’ed” foi it The trouble seemed to he in that all the members wanted to do big things The members were big men now that they had become members and it was only natural that they should want to do big things Whethei there were never big things to do, or w hether the big things that theie were to do took too much energy for the big men, it is hard to ascertain It IS known though that the biggest things hat most of the big men in these oiganiza-i-ions e\er accomplished was the hectic task evei J semester of scanning the campus to se lect new men to take the gi aduating big men’s places The telephone booths in the beautiful Union of that college is still without telephone books and few of the buildings in that college have pencil sharpeners —r w b
The Ratio
3.55 ... to 1
HEAR YE' HEAR YE' Beginning todaj the colymn is undei new m in ige ment Along with c vti \ one else wc au back in school again (but still nuising tho c \acition hang ovtis) and aic dtteimjncd to ^tait th< new scmcstci light ■with ‘•COILS o1 woithlfss icsolutions VVi icsolvi ferinstanci To keep on i adzing the kappas lo Gig up bigtoC! aftd jucici stones To 1 eep fccx out ol this colj um (baloney) To piint nothing but the tiuth (moic ol the same)
LOBl—ONE iJINf. Lx 51^ Ep pledj.e IIcili Jlaiiington leeeived quite ! jolt on ictuinin„ to den o) Puidut Judy MeCul mgh Theta whom he slajijjed a i iii„ on just befoie cation lailed to show ( n i e„isti at'on
ri ASH' Repimtcd from a Heent Kappa pu) heity leleasc ^ancy Coopn and Ann (Seeietaij oJ Agiieultuie) Widkaid wcit imged bj Kappa Sig ] nsigns Goidy Petfiihon and J B PitkaiL lespeetivelj Ginny Gi ives of the same clan is also spoiting a new spaiklci
qiie mSUMTOH
Tm R , U S» P O 1
Merry-GO-ROUKD
By^REAW RlAftSON
Torpedoes Increase Menace Of Submarine Warfare; Three Hundred U-Boats In Atlantic
WASHINGTON—Submaime waifaie is not get ting into the hcudlmcs i it was i -^eai ago but un foitunately this does not moan it has been lelixed On the contrary, gieat flocks of U boats estimated at aiound 300 aie now conceutiated at foni stntegic spots—two on this side of tho Atlantic m th noith and south tvvo on the othei side oi the Atlantic aiound Noith Afnca and on the noithein loute to Russia Rebuffed in the Caucasus and on the defensive in Afiica Hitlei seems to be' gambling evciything on stopping supplies fiom leaching the wai fionts As
a lesult sinkings dining the only weeks of the win tei have been among tho woi^t of tho wai
Thi‘1 IS partly because nights aic long and it night submai ines cannot be seen from the an Furthermore Nazi methods of destruction have been so much improved that ships go down within minutes, sometimes seconds, after the torpedo strikes The War Shipping Administration has estimated that the average tune is now only four minutes Apparently the Germans are using larger toipedoes with a fai greater explosive power Instead ol knock ing a hole in the side of a ship they aio blowing (he ship in two This has the id\ int ige of picvcntmg i idio mc^ sages fiom being sent uid thus picvcntmg detection oi the submai me It also ha tho effect oL sbaiply m ei casing easualtu s imong se imen The Bnti‘'h estimate th it they lose one thud ol fvciycifwon i foipcdoid ship Ihe Noiwejiinse tim ito a 10 pel eenl loss H S islinitis in p i cent ® The End of Life Boats Ihis method of sudden destinotion has outmoded the life bolt and its eld fishioned coimteipiit the eoil filled lile 1 ell A shi]i that goes down m 1 lui mil uLes h IS no time ioi 1 uinchmg boils In fact m iny of the se mien don t even have time to get up on dec! Consequently lifeboats aie bemg di ended m f ivoi ol life 1 ifts which h mg su'-peiuied it th ide ind e in be diopped at once by i single lelei^e fiom the biieige Then the men who iic luel y enough to be on (leek when tnc toipodo stiil es leap oveihoud uul ti y to sw im to i i ifl Ihe hie belts re diseaidtd becuise (hey bit ik too many aims It a seaman wearing alift belt of liaid tork k..ps 20 feet into the w tier the belt flies up uul wi enthes his ai ms Bells ot i softei material suth as kopek are being used instead Shift fiom lift boats lo lile raffs was a slow proe Cfls because ot shoitige of maleiuls When tlu War Shipping Administration was desptiately living to get ratts lor merchant vessels (htv found i whole walehouse full ot them in Riooklyn—hut they be longei to the Navy and were being reserved tor Naval vessels now under con^ti uction 1 he N ivv declined to 1 elease them rheie s a limit to the nnmbei ot sinl mgs a seim in cm weathei even though he may not be physic illy injmed The Public Ileilth Seivioe finds th it m in^ men have gone thiough such oidealt. liLCome nen illy dcianged ind suttti h illutin ilions Thev uqunt i lest cme befoic going bael to se i m iin • Greek Bond Drive When news leels showed Speakei Sun Ra-sbuin buying 1 bond fiom Steve Vasilikas the Gieek pemut vendoi at the White House it vv is S im and Stev e ho got the publicity but it vv is a veiy signiflcmt .^loip of Anieiican citizens who planned the thin^—tlie Oidei o± Ahepa The Ahepa is an oiganization of Ameiicans ol CjI el descent And although most Ameiieins oi ioieign debcent have been patiiotic those liom Gieeee i countij which has sufleied piobillv non thin my othei have been intensely so Ahepa was among the first to lead the ei asadt lor naturalization among immigrants It was ilso the first national organization to denounte peiseeution ot the Jews by Hitler and among the tiist to uige ui i versal militaiy service tor all vouth At present Ahepa is staging a nation wide diivt to raise $50 000 000 in war bonds tiom Greek \ms.n cans \hepa s progressive President (icoi gt \ ouinas IS making a toai ol the eountrv pushing the sale while Ensign Chris I’elrow LSNR is making i simiilf me ous tour Ihe e imiiaign is not only to se If bon I 1 ut to bi ii home to eveiy i lenl minoiity the vv ii issues it si il e and make people leili/e moie thin eve th a II oiu wu ind its tmaneing oiti pioblems • Songs for Royalty Appealanee ol Maiian Aiideison noted iiegio sing Cl it long 1 ist m the D A k s f onstitution II ill le e ills 10 White House intimites the e\pe lienee I\jis Roosevelt had with Mi s Audi i on (lining the vi L of the Biiti h Kifig uid (Jueeii To the leeeption to: king Geoige ind Queen PI /i beth Ml Roosevelt hid invited emu of the most r oted Ameiic in enteitaineis imon„ them Mi s An del son Mis Roosevelt heisell once i membei ol the Diughteis of the Ameiiean Revolution w mted to help leetily the snub which the D A P had ^iveii the Negio singci in billing hci tiom its hill Ako she wanted i puuly Ameiieiii piogi mi ioi tlu di tin „ui he (1 Bi iLish visitoi Howevci when she looked over the piogi im she was disappointed to see that Miss Aiukisoii planned to sing exclusively sevti il numbers lioni the el issie eoneert repertoire So Mis Roosevelt t letlully suggested thil this was (o be a wholey \merieaii progiain uul islud it she would not Sing some negro spirifu ils Miss Anderson did not seem lo like the sugge'-tioii She leplied that all hei music was in New 'ioik uul It was too late to get it Mi Roosevelt eounteud with the proposal that the \\ lute House send an an plane lo New Yoik ind bung the musie in impie time But Miss Andeison was most uni nthiisi istii ‘■ho 1 used the objection th it the ceomiiai ist v ith lici i i Washiivton eoul 1 not 1)11\ juiitiiil Mis Roo ev elt in tuin said that some il ih best iceomp mists in the eountiy lived in W ishington oi a smlabk ( nc could i c bi ought do\ n at onec iioniNcv Yoik Miss Andei on howevei still w is not pi is( 1 1 ut finallv ilti 1 Mts Roosevelt tuUully but fiimly luld to hei point the i oted in„ci i; ited to sing imc mgio piiituals foi tlu Km md Qiueii (i J iieluid (Copyiight 104. by Uriitrd 1 eituie Syiidie ite, liic )
University Calendar Week of January 10-16
3 00 P M Convo-
SuEiday, ^sinuary 10 -/ I mcescitti violinist Music Hill
Monday, Jairiuary 11
4 00 P M
4 30 P M 6 00 P M r 00 p M 7 00 P M 7 30 P M 9 00 P M
Rogis — Ag Coni —See piogi im Intel Voisit'\ Chiitlim Fellow ship Get Acquiinted Horn Aoi All mm Duoctoi Agi ( omm ol State kiw mi Ameiiem f hem Soc Dmnei Am Chem Soeiei'\ Mcctnv lippe Co Telchcis Pcdci ition Old Pishioned Put/—Coni
Memoi 1 il Union
Room 07 Union Poom 04 Union Poom u 0 Union Old Chestnut Rm ITumn I oet Rm CouUci lull Room 30'’ Union N B II oon Union
Tuesday, Janunsy 12
I’d wolch out loi Snodqiiass' IIc s a danfi-cious i idiCc] —he s sail fied with the co' ci mnent'
Problems For Fa in
foday slut tlic\Tusl Pi lien foi I un loi the new o<ic tei vv li ch will he ] ubl he I wceMV m tie
I xpoiie If J 1 ' IS folhws
I A 1 t 1 1 s
111 I I
11 11 I 11 I II 1 i
I BOBI I V! 1 VV I I 1 f 11 I II 1 II 1)
I I 1 I n
ARC
TODAY aud MONDAY
' I (ru.h 1 a Ob L* ’ id 111 l 'S t ino jjs
■‘■oPb 11 Cntv J D frOfliY '7 |C( Til/ f/OuN <\ tl iLES INI)
RK0''AD OP lu (> flpt •’ '’fl t 0 oc t <■ goodB-'C'' !0 c tyCU CECUDNS TOO KtL A D
— / LSO —
CO i kC’ T VvAU
Comni. '1 by L>' LI lol
I Pro'fd if of Pi r'u Un versify
LIMA
TODAY opti TOMCPfTOW
rr CHARLES B0VER
RITA HAYWORTH GINOER ROGERS HENRY FONDA CHARLES LAOGHTON EDWARD G.R0eiS0N PAUL ROBESON ETHEL WATERS 'ROCHESTER’
/fh THOM S M TCHFLL EUGENE PAILETTE CESAR KOMEPD U L PATRICK ROLMO mSC ELSn LAhCRcSUH GEUrCC SPNUEIb JAMES GLEASON d THE HAll JOHNSON CHO i
SECOND HIT
FRANK iiOI^SC^AN RICHARD CARLSON REGINALD OWEn" HENRY O'NEILTi!
and how'
Agntultui il CoTif —sec pio i mi
\k n 1 il ’Ll u n
k
11
30 A M
Pan il Youth I uneheoii
1 ) 1 ) U n 0 1
11
30 A M
Piilcv Giowei Luicheon
0 1 ( h f n 11 P n
Ui ion
11
0AM
Ind r u m M m mci t L mchc ni
( (fr Sh )p Lgc
Union
(
00 P M
Peci ition 1 L ul IS Dmn i
( olle lop I ge
Union
9
00 P 31
P 11 il (nth P11 tv
NT 11 ) n Union'pMtK- X
Sunday, January 10, 1943
'■ > Boilermaker Sports
^'tAMiiiiM
Boilermaker Quintet Swamps Chicago (Continued from page 1) get for the evening, 14 to 8. Captain A1 Menke entered the scoring column for the Boileimakers with a pair from outside the foul circle, Jack Swantz tipped in a pair, Menke swished another in and the first half ended with the Riveters Way out in front, 24 to 10. In the second period, scoring ran almost in the same ratio, with the Maroon tickling the draperies for an even dozen points; the Boilermakers putting through 36. Lambert Substitutes Freely Toward -the last quarter of the game, Coach Lambert substituted freely, and the subs also continued to make headway against the scrappy Maroons. Duffy Friend .scored his single basket as a climax to an evening of excellent floor work near the end of the fray, Eddie Timm donated a counter to the cause for two points and Morris sank a pair for four points in the closing minutes. , The Mai'oons scored intci mittqntly through the half, with no one man bearing the brunt of the attack. Ehlcrs, Menke Lead Scoring Ed Ehlers and Captain A1 Menke still remain on top as to Boilei'maker scoring honors for the season. Before the encounter last evening Ehlers led the squad with 72
Knutzen Takes Honors In Bowling Tourney f 'I i . , Individual accomplishments in the All-Campus bowling tournament held last semester were recently announced by tbe Student Union, sponsor of the tournament. The results show that Frank Knutzen, who led the SAE team to the championship, took top honors for individual average with an average of 180 for the eleven week season. Rumph’s 614 for a three game series was high for the tournament play. He was a member of the Phi Gamma Delta team. High Individual Averages Knutzen, SAE, 180; Lodge, Sigma Nu, 178.7; Henderson, D. U., 172.6; Wright, DTD, 170.1; Horan, PiKA, 170.9. High Individual Game MacDonald, Pi K Phi, 255; Glover, Triangle, 254. High Individual Series Rumph, Phi Gamma Delta, 614; Peai'son, Theta Tau, 609. High Team Game Pi K Phi, 957; Delta Tau Delta, 9;t8. High Team Series Pi Kappa Alpha, 2609; Phi Sigma Kappa, 2601. points for the season with Menke close behind with 68. Last evening the two lads scored 13 and 14 points 1 ospcclively, making Ehlcis have a total of 85, Menke 82.
MENS HATS Do Get Out of Shape But NOT Out of Style Our skill will restore your felt hat at ci fraction of the cost of a new one.
DIAL 727a
132 NORTHWESTERN AVE.
After last night’s walkaway. Piggy Lambert increased his victorymargin to 27 games won against only 6 lost in the last 26 years of competition again.st the outclassed but always scrappy Windy City school. Last evening’s defeat was the 25th in a row for the Maroons and their .31st consecutive Conference loss. This game furnished little or nothing in the way of a true test as to the quality of this year’s Riveter team. ► Tough Ones Yet To Come We still believe that Lambert’s crew will be right up there around the top when all the firing has ceased toward then end of March . . . however, they can probably consider the Chicago tilt last night as a mere warmup for what is to come. Teams like Indiana, Wisconsin and Minnesota are going to be mighty tough to beat, especially on their own floors. ► Kennedy Bn Top Form It looked good to see Jack Kennedy flip in those one-handed pivot shots during the first half of the game. . . . Jack had his chance at the beginning of the season but couldn’t hit the basket, consequently, he lost his starting post to Red Anderson. Last night the big fellow performed like a veteran. Tom Brower, the little sophomore fireball playing the same position, seemed to spark the Riveter offensive while he was in the game. You’ll piobably be hearing a lot fi om both of thes^e fellows during the remainder of the season. ► Hoosiers Lose MitcheH It seems hard to believe, but Indiana announced that another of their finest athletes, this time it was Eail Mitchell, brilliant distance runner, had been declared ineligible for competition because of scholastic difficulties (in other w'ords, he flunked) . . . four basketball players have already been cut from the squad for the same reason . . . maybe they are finally beginning to bear down at the Hoosier “institution”. ^ Same Thing At Ohio State Ohio State seems to be having the same trouble ... a couple of weeks ago Bob Shaw, All-Amei ican end and also top scoier on the basketball squad, flunked off . . . the other day two more men w'ore lost to the Buckeyes . . . the funny thing is that they have made no eft'oit to keep the matter quiet . . . their releases seem to play up these ineligibilities.
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
DOUGLAS SHOES $5.50 - $6.50 PURDUE SHOE STORE 302 State St. West Lafayette
If You Want Good Work On Your Garments SEE JOE'S TAILOR SHOP STATE & CHAUNCEY
CIItCULATION DRIVE
Start ,roff the New Year with your copy of the Exponent!
1945
1943
! ft ' S' - . s '
Pi{
X, n;0tti> j7:t
>•< --r s A:
i
Everyone buy a paper. ^ A paper in every house. O Send one home. ® Costs you less, ^ Didivered anywhere.
The Navy and all the armed services are not out of reach of the Exponent. Sludenls, Men of the Armed Services, WAACS and All— SHOW YOUR PURDUE SPIRIT Buy a PURDUE EXPONENT
Athletic Honorary Riveters Meet Gopflf d To Accept Trioilts In Double' Hea^
For Membership
' " ’ This coming week end the Boilermakers will partieipate ii]i Come next January I9tn there their first double header of the new wartime schedate as will be an extia-cuiiiculai oiling again.st the Minnesota GoiJhers Saturday and Mdp-
up of several sets of muscles in x e>
tbe vicinity of the * Men^s Field- day nights m Minneapolis. Against the Gophers the hou.se. The occasion will be the an- will meet one of the most powerful of the coming Big Tf®. nuai tests which are held for the champions and they will also meet the team who t-wice hetA
them last year. Last year
trying out for Sigma national athletic hon-
candidates Delta Psi
orary.
Sigma Delta Psi was Jirst instigated at the University of Indiana in 1912. The local chapter was founded in 1929. This organization has as its creed: “The Body is the Servant of the Mind.” Its aim is to promote the physical, mental, and moral develojiment of the college student of today. Tests Listed To become a- member of this gifted group, one must attain certain physical heights over a series of specified tests. For membership in the national chapter of Sigma Delta Psi, one must pass a aeries of 15 such exams. The local chapter at the University only requires its men to make passing marks on seven of the tests. Our own “Chief” Clevett, director of the University Intramural progiam and varsity squash coach, is the National President of Sigma Delta Psi and is the guiding light behind the local chapter. This latter group has Elvm Seaton, a senior in the School of Science, as its pies-
ident.
Several canaiciates are workingout daily in the Fioldhousc in pieparation for the coming trials, which are to be presided over by Noim Goldstein who will serve as startei and examiner. The tests aie to be given on every Tuesday and Thuisday from 4:00 to 5:30 p. m. beginning on January 19. Participation Points Awarded As an atlded incentive to each fiaternity man who successfully passes seven of the tests, minimum lequiioments for the local cbaptei, there will be awarded two paiticipation points which maj^ be added to his organization’s total towards the Participation Trophy. An additional award of three paiticipation points will be given to anyone passing all fifteen of the tests. For any further information legarding when and where tests and possible meetings will be hold, one .should consult the bulletin boards opposite the check-out window in the Fieldhouse.
All Swimmers Urged To Report For Team Dick Papenguth, Boilermaker swimming coach, has issued a call for any swimmers that are interested in either the varsity or the freshman teams. To be eligible for the varsity squad a man must have completed two or more semesters of school. Sprinters, divers, distance men, back stroke and bi-east stroke
men are all wanted.
Papenguth stated that it is not too late to make the squad and he has appealed to swimmers of any ability to try out. Practice sessions are held at the Fieldhouse pool, and all interested men are asked to report to Coach Papenguth any afternoon at 4 o’clock. Here is a good chance for somebody to win a
major letter for himself. Swimming Schedule Arranged
The local squad will face Chicago, Saturday afternoon, January 23, in the opening meet of the year
Gophers downed the Rivefc^* by the scores of 46-S9 andl ||#» 27, so the Riveters will only be seeking- their se^eiid and third victories in the B|f Ten, but also will try to^revetige Ifiat year’s losses. In their first five games preceding their Big Ten schedule,'the Minnesota lads have dropped but one game, while winning four. Thei|loss was to the strong Dartmouth team, which is seeking its sixth consecutive Ivy League champfdpship. The wins of the Gophers were against South Dakota State, 62-^, North Dakota State 50-34, Carleton 35-29, and South Dakota 49-29. New Gopher Coach Under the tutelage of Dr. Car| Nordly, who has taken over the head basketball coaching position this year, there has been developed two sophomores who take the lead in fh® scoring department of the Gopheioffense. The names of these soph^ are Dave Ruliffson, a specta^-weai-ing forward, with 44 counters
The starting time has not definitely, Louie Brewster, a guard, with
been set as yet. The remainder of points.
the schedule is as follows: Feb. 6, ^ost of the Minnesota attack is Ohio State, here; Feb. 13, at In- centered around Big Bill Lind, a diana; Feb. 20, Illinois, here; March ® ^ center, who has been the 5 and 6, Big Ten meet at North- Gophers’pivot man for the past tVVO western; and March 26 and 27, Na- years and-who ranks amojig the be^
tional Intercollegiate meet at Ohio
State. Joe Williamson, captain of the team, is starting his third year as a member of the varsity squad and is expected to turn in some good times in the breast stroke. Other outstanding men are: Cliff Erickson, sprints; John Juengst, diving; Bill Snead, sprints; Bill Dunn, backstroke; and Clift- Horton, any event. Horton has been sick lately but he is expected to be back in shape in time for the opening contest. Quite a few other swimmeis are showing up very well in practice and Papenguth is depending upon them to give much needed support in the scheduled meets. Among these men aie Van Darrow, a distance swimmer and Van Duesen, a sprintei.
The PURDUE UNION is for you —the students and faculty!
Meet your friends in one of our comfortable LOUNGES located on the SECOND ELOOR: SWEDISH LOUNGE MAIN LOUNGE and TERRACE STUDENT LOUNGE Teas may be held in the: EAST and WEST FACULTY LOUNGES JhsL PuAjdlUL WlmufdoL linimL TJio Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Aetivities
defensive men in the Conference. Two other veterans who have .seen a lot of action in pre-Conferenb^ games are Dick Burk and Kenny Exel, both of whom fill the gtt^rd posts on the Minnesota quintet. .
-fall Man’s Play Doubtful
One of the most serious losses to the Gopher five is Don Mattson, who has behn sick with flu and has nqt yet seen action, but may by the tinte of the Riveter series. Don, who can play either the foi-ward or eentey slots, is the tallest man on the teant as he stands over 6 ft., 4 in. With six lettermen from last year’s tedtd missing by graduation, the Gopherx have five left, namely: Lind, Exet, Mattson, Exel and Reuben Epp. The Gophers adhere mostly to"a fast breaking policy, which has beeh shown by their high scores in the first five contests by averaging 47 points a game. According t& Codfch Nordly, the main trouble with the 1942-43 issue of the Gopher quintet is that it lacks height, as only three of the first seven tower over the six
foot line.
IM Office Issues Call For Managers Tomorrow At 4 P. M. Fraternity freshmen who are interested in trying out for the position of Intramural Manager are urged to report to the lutTamui-al office in room 111 of the Fieldhouse on Monday, January 11, at -4 o’clock. The freshmen will assist ill conducting- the sports prograna and will be expected to report to the office every day during thfe semester. ' f At the end of the semes^f ’tWo sophomore assistant managers and an alternate will be selected fi-om this group. One of these assktOik managers will be elected inti-aihutal manager at the end of his sophomore year, the service continuiag throiigh his junior tei-ra. After ,a manager has served one semester, they are rewarded sweaters. It is the responsibility of the fraternities to have their men report. IM Schedules The filst game of the Cary Hall Ree<il*r -B’- Basketball scheilule will be i>I«yed_Mou(lay evening, January 11. The followiita iii
the schedule:
Cuurt-1—Bill Burghardt: 7 :00—Unit ‘2 vs. Unit .5. 7 17—Unit 4 vs Units. S :10 Unit 6 \s. Unit 7. The first round of the Ward “B" Pasketball practice schedule will be Monday dv«niiig, Januaiy U. with the followinir teaaia r.poiting for practice. Court 1 -Bill Burghardt: '- 8:25- Ward :itt vs. Ward 1. Court 2 —Gcoige Kmerson t 7 :00 Ward 2A vs. Wawl 2B. 7 17 Waid J Vs. Ward 5. S.IO Wald liA vs. Ward liB. 8 27 Waid bC rs Ward 9. 'Ihc lollowing fraternities will pla^ tha« Faille Teiuiis nratches Monday eveniUK. Jtlttluiij 11. .it 1 o-clock • .\.ciKiu, Alph.i Clu Rho. Alpha GaounX Kho. \lphi Kappa Lambda, .Alpha SUWa rill, .Alph.i Tau Omega. Beta Sigma BaS, Uit.i Tluta Bi Llilta Chi, Oeltu TauDilta Upsihin, Kappa Delta Uho. Kai^a Sign.a. Lambda Chi Alpha. . It IS tnc duty of the Intramural madagar of each house to see that the two nUm Iisciituig then- house K on the courta fta Sihcdulcd There are no entry blanks HUircd till this spoit. but you ary U* sewl viiui men to the courts as scheduled itiW ihcy will be matched at the courts. >'
Everything for et College Editcfttian DEAC’S! j
Page 4
Purdue Exponent
Sunday, January 10, 1943;
i Post War Essay Contest Opens
Advanced Military Graduates Honored
Beta Battle
Youth Committee To Offer Prize For Best Contribution To encourage the voung people of America to think deeply and seriously about the kind of woild they want after the war, the Youth Committee for Democracy, an organization of pro-
gressive young people with offices at 112 East 19th St , New Beta Theta Pi fiateinpty is aga:
York City, is offering a prize of $60 for the best essay on the subject: “The Peace Aims 6f
Young America”.
Any person between the ages of 16 and 25 is eligible to enter, and University students are urged to enter an essay. The essays aie not to be longei than 2500 words and all inanusciipts must be in the Youth Committee office by April 1 Judges w ill be an-
nounced latei
Essay On Post ar World “The essay should attempt to present America’s i ole in the post war world, it should face clearly and realistically the domestic and international problems that will aiise after the wai,” stated Virginia Clark, Acting National Secretary of the Youth Committee “It should en vision the kind of society and inteinational oidei that jmuth wants, and the obstacles that may pi event the realization of that society and that world order It should offer definite suggestions and solutions to these
problems
“The young people of America are not satisfied with vague generalities,” Miss Clark continued, “they want to build then dreams on the solid foundation of fact The winning essay wnll reveal the extent to which they have faced serious problems honestly and couiageously ”
Francescatti (Continued from page 1)
couise of which he appeared with the New York Philharmonic, the Chicago Symphony, and the Cincinnati S\mphonv, all ot which le engaged him foi the following season His 19-41-42 torn saw his thud appealance with the Chicago Symphony, and his second with Cincinnati, Pittsbuigh, and Rochester orchestias, as well as appear ances w ith the San Fi ancisco, Cleveland, and Toledo symphonies His conceits have been received en thusiastically in the United States, his playing having been ranked
(Continued from page 1)
composiiies of the lesidents of the castle and a definite shoi tage in the
old tomato supply
Now that danger of ciemation IS no longei imminent, life in the
drifting back into its usual undis-
turbed, even tenor
Students May Rent Art Reproductions Pi of Schantz Hansen of the dcpaitment of applied design, has announced that the Picture Rental Library will again have pictures to rent to all students interested in
fine ait
Most of the pictuieA aie lepioductions of the work of the modern ai tists The selection cannot, at the iviesent time, be enlaiged, as the pictuies weic printed abroad and the war has stopped then ]noduction Sub]ects include still lifes.
Tryouts For Play 'TheEveOfSt.Mark' Begins Monday At 5 “The Eve of St Maik,” Maxwell Andci son’s cm lent Hioachvay success, has been selected for Playshop’s second benefit of the season 'liyouts for the play will be held tomoiiow afteinoon at 2 in Fowlei Hall Anyone inteiostcd in dia matics mav tiyout Maxwell Andeison released “The Eve ot St Mark” through the Na tional Iheatei Coiifeicnce to all Little Iheateis and college dramatic gioups, thu^ giving Playshop the oppoitrinity to pioducc it while the oiiginal production is still i un niiig in New Yoik Realistic Armj Life
Col D M Beeie announced the following graduates of the second year Advanced Military course as Honoi Giadiiates A L Jackson,
Evanston, 111 , W H
Wayne, R T Ball, Lafayette, H M Mciiill, Kenosha, Wis , R E Rohtoit, Memphis, Tenn , W H Trayloi, Auburndale, Mass , C B Lebei, Peoria, 111 , G R Woltei, Chicago, 111 , R W Dcustei, Giosse Pointe, Mich , F J Vollmei, Lafayette, A E Aikm, Chicago, 111 , R W Schoeff, Huntington, W B Monical, Mooiesville, R J Visin, Crystal Lake, 111 , F I Jones, Indianapolis,
0 S Pow ell, Salem N J
Purdue Pharmacist* Staff meeting Wednesday, January 13, at 4 p m in Room 311, rharmaty budding' foi ieoigani7ation
-GORDON
GL 11 and 12* Examinations foi the re movni of conditions m GF 11 and GL 12 \mH b( given on Jan 16 1943 fiom 1 to 4 p m in Room 201 Michrul Golden Shops
-RISING
English and Speech Exams Mahe-up exams foi students with conditions in English and Speech will be hold on Satuiday afternoon Jan 30, at 1 0 clock in Room 201, University Hall Rcmoval-of condition cards should bo
Lupke, Fori obtained by 1 riday preceding the examina
tion fiom the rnghsh oHicc 108 University Hall - CRFCK Zouaves Dull will begin Monday evening Tan 11 at 4 p m All actives aic btionglv urged to be thcie Drills will continue duly
in prop nation foi public dulls
UNGER
Silver Mnek: McctinB Monday at 4 P m.
m fenems room Be there
RcnmcrR: McetmK Monday, .Tan IL “t p m in loom 236 of the Union —BBAY PIA Important board meetinK Monday, Inn 11 at <1 p m All memboR please make
special (IToit to attend
-AUGSBURGBR
Student War Council: Meeting Wednesday, .Tamiarv 13 at 7 30 p m in the PIA Office. It IS very important that all mombeR be, puscnt AUGSBURGBR MT b Anyone interested in seeinB traininn film on service of the piece, 106 mm. liowit/ei mav do so in Room 201 of the Aimory at any one of the following hours t Monday January 11 at 8a m,lp ni.Z p m luesdav January 12 at 8 a m and 1 p ni -MESSERSMITH
. r i. 1 C hem 4 luesdav Janii 12 meet in Stan^ Mcctmr of activfs alnmnao _ t, Vr n inA in « m .U... 'TnrattAfrxy .Ttrn 19 ni A CoulUl Hall Room 104
Omicron Nu
ind C icultj members Tuesday, Jan 12 at 4 p m in the Honlc rconomics Building
BEALE ~ „ V
Chem 3 and 4 Condition exams will M Pistol Team Piacticc will he In Id in the givtn Saturday _ Jan 16, in room 320 of tho
Aimni v* T luuaiv 11 12 ind 14
w]th that of Hedetz, Menuhin, and landscapes and poitiaif^, which
Busch
Concert Open To Public The conceit is open to the public and admission is fice to all service men in unifoim, by passpoit to the students, and by season ticket and single admission to faculty mem beis and townspeople No lescivcd seats will be sold, and no advance sales will be held Single admissions ma\ be pui chased at the box office of the Music Hall foi $1 10, lax
included
Personnel Notes Nptice Apiil and August Mechanical and Aeionautical Engineeis Mr. S L Stark of the Dow Chemical Compan-s, Midland, Michigan, will visit the campus on Monday and Tuesday, Januaiy 11 and 12, to discuss with ME and AE the opportunities his company has to offei Group meetings are scheduled foi Aeronautical Engineer s 4 00 p m , Monday, Jan 11, in ME 308, Me chanical Engmeeis 4 30 p m , Monday, Jan 11 m ME 108 All in terested students aie uiged to attend Students inteiested in scheduling individual inteiviews toi Tuesday should leport to the Pcisonfiel Office immediately E Voglei Diiectoi of Peisonnel
Sigma Xi
national honoi aiy tiatcinity for icseaich, elected foity one new membeis at a lecent meeting The new membeis weie chosen tiom graduate students, staff membeis, and seniors fiom the class ot De cembej., ’42 Active membeis, graduate students and staff membeis Willaid S Bieon, Richard S Ciog, Alice M Ewell, Wm H Goetz, Michael Go lomb, R E Howard, David L Johnson, Gene W Johnston, Geoige Kainofsky, Ralph E Lincoln, Hubert W Murphj, Lawrence H Patch, Cbas. J Plank, Geoige F Roedel, Chatles Slessei, Sister Amatoia Tscheehtelin, Ailo M Vance, Cuitis H Waldon, Gail S Young Associate membeis, graduate stu dents John Ciborski, John C Lam kin, AndiewH Layman, Sumnei M Moiiison, E D Schall Roceit K Showaltei, Miles V Sullivan Associate membeis, seniors, class of Decembei, ’42 John H Aim stiong David D Baita, Max I Beatd, Roberta Buechcle, Maigic A Buntain, Stanley G Davis, Ralph W. Deuvfei, Robert E Klnne^, Wal tei E Kiemmel M illis L Schalliol, Norman Spctnei, Wm ( Wallci, Robert E Woodwaid, Ilaiokl L Zahn '
A Jencing call out will be held Moiida-y at 4 o’clock at which special moMCS on tencin^ demonstiations by Helen Mayoi, thiee times woild’s champion and seven times national champion will be given All coeds and eds inteiested in the spoit aic invited to attend the movies, and membeis ol Silvci Mask, mens tencing honoiaiv aie e&]jeciallv invited to attend Joan Blackman, WAA feeing head, is in chai gc ot the call out
—A.\-
Iniannml Boaul consistn g ot Betty Dicstei t indv Redvv me and Mildiod Smith mot and changed the point svstem loi infiamuial com petition Ihe next nicctin^, ol the board will be at 4 o dock, Januaiy 1 3 in the WAA looms to talk about the basketball tournament
— vVAA—
Waid and House Maiiagcis held a meet ng at which Mildied Smith, WAA vice ]iiesident, piesided Each managci was assigned to sign u)) hci gills foi the nine sports that will be ofleied this semcstei Those offeiccl will be volleyball, swim ming, bowling, iiflci5', dance, tcnc ing, ping pong, shuffle boaid and
badminton
Rural Youths To Dance Tomorrow In Union klembeis ol the Indiana Ruial Youth, 1 H and home economics piogianis who aio attending the annual Agiicultuial Conteience at the Univeisity aie having an old fashioned paity tomoiiow evening fiom 9 15 to 12 in the Noilh Ball loom ol the Union The pally is in chaige ol the Univoisity Folka Whiileis, who will conduct the ciicle and squaie daiives Univeisit\ students who aie inteiested in this type ot dancing aie invited to attend as aie all pci sons who aio attending the
conteience
Sigma Nu
Newman Club Elects Officers Seveial inloinal dances and othei social Junctions aic being lilanned by Newman C lull, student Catholic oigani/dtion, as \ cll as the usual moiilhl\ bicaklasts 'J he fi(st hieaktast \ il’ be held Januaiy 17 aftei the nine ihiiti miss at st Mai>'s chinch All ( atholics aie uiged to attend the mass ind tin hieakfast aftv-iVdid in llu school gym, whin moii inJoi inatiun about the social schedule will lc ivail able The foibwing offmis j \e Iciii elected loi tin winHi tciin ('haiiic Clglk, piesidcnt, ( buoi'ic f hi 1 tiianiak, sccictaiv, Ico flci,^citv tieasuiei, and Bi>tl\ Muipl^, Joe Pen V, Betsy Jansin„ Maigcut l.anib. Dee Giogan, Boh Ault, Don Massimllian and Dick Ro back, vite-pi esidentb
hau
TOSSY mnd& U^ather Lotim
SOi
Regular $1 Size
TheoriginalWmd and Weather Lotion Smooth on face, hands, neck, to help guard against chapping A smooth powder base Grand for scratchy-rough heels, ankles Knees elbows Get several bottles now—and save half pUj/ce* Ask for handy 6 bottle Family Package ai $3
efonibA
Classified Ads
Money to loan on (Inmonrls watches gims, lujfKiKf tMftwutu Alberts loan Office,
107 Columbi i
BROWN
Exponent Workers Mcetinj! oi the follow in,? in the office tomoiiow it 1 p m Abbett Spanfkt Richardson Hahn Lynch Stephenson It is impoitant that >ou be thue —RICHARDSON
would iiiteicst both men aaxUwTrm-
en
Students may lent those pictuics by applying at Building No 2 anytime dm mg the day until the supply IS exhausted AIFE Names Alums To Technical Posts Majoi T V Ilolliclay and F E Han ell weio icccntly appointed as chan men oi technical committees by the Ameiican Institute ot Electiical Engineeis They aic both giaciuate ot the Univeisitj Majoi Holilcku, ot the iJ S Aimv All Coips giaelintcd in 1927 and IS stationed at Wiight Field Dayton Ohio He was appointed chan man ol the AIEE technical commitlcc on an ti inspoitalion lor
1942 4 J
Ilaiiell assistant chict ol the Reliance Flectiic and Manutactui mg Co ot Cleveland, Ohio is a 1*121 laikntc and has been named chan nan oi the committee on elec tiical machine] V
The stoiy is a loalistic diama ot
life In eight i ii
pi esent Hay ainiv
scenes, tho setting changes liom an Indiana taim house to in ainiy ' camp, then to a point ot cnihaika 1 tion and finally to a small outjiost op Bataan Soldici lilc is poitiaycd by the authoi without any attempt
to gloi liy it
Peifoimances ot the play will be given Fi iclay and Satuidav, Feb luaiy 5 and b ‘ Claudi i ’ Play shop’s thud icgulai pioikiction ot the ycai will be pi csentod seveial weeks latei than oiigmilly scheclilecl to avoid conflicts ‘The Eve of St Maik” IS not inclucloci m the so ison ticket book
penritcrs—Acldmir Machines all makes rintid rtpuiul ind pinch isid Mimooil noni C J 1 b( 1 hoff 605 Main
Uk rhoiiL 27")
Lost:—Bulo\ 1
list witih lc ithci «atrap
lunv 1 0 111 fionl of Libi iiv Rew ird 1 d Utfuin t Lisl Desk of Union
tic 1 ic Rlitchc 11
Wanted—Stiidtnls intticslod in ptddling Exponent CUl Exponent Ask for
Ret ktcnw ild ^
V, anted—Students on banquet countei or
n or Apply Union ( ifcttni
Wanted—foods to work in Chfstmit Room ind Of fftt Sliop it me il Lirnt Apply Puid-Uc
Unii n CafiUiu
Pharmacy Seniors Meet in room 300 Ph irmacv Buildin}? PiKsday Jan 12 it J p ni to discuss pi mb for senior parade
-GORDON
Hillel Meeting: Meet this evening; at 116 Sheet/ St Gamts refrishments Ktneial tret toiretlui All wiIconic HTRSCHPIELD All Male Students All scouts and foimcr scoutds aie invited to an opin mfttinp: of Alph Ia(_ Phi Omejra mcctimr Imsday Tan 12 it 7 TO p m in loom 128 ot tlu Union Pleise be prompt Jiidtre W L Parkinson will tilk on dime GOSSWEIN Gold Pippers Have pisspoit for haslet ball beats h nded in it West Desk of Union by J p m Sund IV Januirv 10
MACDONALD
Chemistiy biiildinBr at 1 p m bharp No e\am without properly cettified card
-PEARCE
Flyinff Club Important meeting Tuesday, Jan 12 7 If) p m in room 207 of the Union*
—SCELZE
Modern Dance Diere will be a meeting loi ill old trills and a call out for new girlS, Monday Jan 11 at I p m m the gym
-SERBAN
All Students The Varsity Chnktian Fcllowbhip Get Acquainted Hours will be held Monday from 1 till 5 p m in room 807 of the Union Refrc'shmcnti —WALLACE
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
For Rent—Well iur
lor Sale—"'chid dt '')ij,htl\ used SlOOOnew Gill (811(1 111 Andr w
I doul It loom •IS-us Men pre 81} )2 tn ra/f i V ly Will sell foi 00
Fds—I iin moiuj whilt studyinir Juvt le ‘•eiviee child t i dmir i^tncv tf rs th liiLi in C ill my tveninj, it (
social tiateinitv announces th'^ initiatio 1 of the following men Robeit Zimmc'im.iii, fciie Haute, Haiiy Stohici Chicago, Charles Demos Elkhart, Ross Shidelei West Lafayette, Bill Jonnson Sul ney Mount, Cal Coate, IndianJp oils, Rar Schneider, St Louie, Richard Bishop To'cdo, Ohio Paul Nevil, Indianapolis, Jack '\ciec S^canioio Illinois, lack Smith Ii dianapolis, lack Sheiiaid, Indian apolis, Paul Millei, Indianaiiolis, Robeit M^rcy Winchesai The tollowin hive been elected ae office!s Petci Schwab eminent commandei, Donald Case, licuten a it commander, Ralph Disc, plcdec maifahall. Bill Neuman house man agci , Chailes May tidasmei. Bob Ancleibon rush chan man. Bill Hamniei social chan man John i. McNamara who iccoivcd his PhD do ^icc m industrial psychology tiom tho Unvcisity in 1940, was lecent ly appointed as diioctoi oi tiain ing at the Evansville plant oi the Republic 'Vviation Co He will be in chaige of training supeivisois and opeiators engaged in the manuiac line of P 47 tightens He has locent Ij' bee 1 SCI V ing as assistai t pro tcssoi ol jisychology at Dctioit Univ ei sitv
Parkinson Will Speak To Scouts Tuesday ^1)3111 PI I Omega national scout ing lionoiaiv, will hold a special meeting luesday evening toi all scouts and ‘couteis on the can pus Y I Parkinson judge ol Lai ry c^te ciiminal co ii ts will iddtess the membeis of the honoiaiv and then guests on the subject ot v vuth iiid ciline One ot the Iii-,fst Innoi ii ics on the ca npus ^Ipna Phi Ome a is mane up ol students who have ills ti r.,uisncd themselves in the field oi scouting and w isli to liave some contact with the scouts while in col k.,c 4 he groii]! 1, intcic tod in mom hcisol the new fitsnnancla swho aic scouts and cspocialiv ii.,os th t thev attend Lins nicctiiv Tau Kappa Alpha loicnsie honoiaiv, announces the initiation ol the follovvinf, stu dents Gussic (justat^on, Katie Howes, Joanne Foimninc and rim Tilton
I (»st—D irl ( ol )K(I V N imt inscribe i Rclun i h( ru ’ i 1 ibc r il u'
iilcr lountnm lun to Robe 11 I 1 inr I
Exponent ki C ill I mt K(
viUi mill iT 1 It I xponent
Notices
No NoliLCs liter b p m
(ill he iccopted for this column on the (lav pieceding: the issue
Sophomore Union Workers ricase report to ih South B ilh jom is ston is possibl to i ist ( n th(. Stidcnt Bcol 1 \tliani.''c IURMAN
Alph i Phi Omcira sh I 11 I b( flic the _ J SW Cai> JI ill Ceres 1 11 t m In P m 111 ni - ^ (
u ic{\
Glider Club Mccti; at ” 0 I ni in 1 ) n
Iv4.\'3 irc in for thost <Il idlint. See Jknekr
- IHNDhR
„ lu(sda\ t tlu Uni
^ a TToaid lU;, 1 n i u d i\ I uv 1 tion md cKctu n it i (i import int bu nu s
ni md it( 1 >
POVni Mctlinj 1 till m m /\ini( i
J in 12 at 1 K(.is lie HAYLS
n ursd i> J m 11
IK t nj., c C ti (. boai d R) p m \omin i \ triasuici i)Ius <ith al (.s ^ our itt( nd incc. - \NrON\LCIO
a II
sl.> Jan
( n I 1 ction of 1 Ifd^ib 1 uill 1L held m I pio ine nt d All i.ti\Lb d PHiniPP ill k ft th Am nc m oriiti n M >ncl i> lanu in K )m It I h ii m (y
GORDON
I rc^hmen and Sopljoniorcs All ii t i t i
\ Ph A T h a m ki utu
Here is something to remember Rule 1— CLOTHES KEPT IMMACULATE
Il is still true that people judge by appearance.
Be sure about yours >vilh clothes that are kept fresh and new looking with
West Side Cleaning.
QUALITY CLEAISING
Phone 4081
DELIVERY FREE
Northwestern at Vine Street
(i ol tlu I 1 Idhou fu t 1 p m ( in PI MH lU.f R
Southwortk’s
GET YOUR
U
STATIONERY NOTE BOOKS FELT PENNANTS STICKERS DESK LAMPS
PUKDliE BOOK ^SUPPLY MCE
308-10 fTATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE INQ
Southworth’s