,, -I- \ ^ ; ' < I ' ^ ^ ' ‘ ^ \ '< '. KI ^ I . r,i ij, n ^ ^ i yi , ^
, t ' ' 1' ' 1^ L * '
0if^
SUGAR RATIONER$ Set Registration Dates April 28, 29; May 4-7
Ettabliidhed 18ls9
GET YOUR DEill^ In Union Workshop ^ After Monday At 4
Daily Sinea 190«
^ume 53, No. 178
West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, April 26,19«
9U yUSUIMT MiMir-60 fiOlM
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
Sugar Lou Breese To Play Friday/ Rationing Band Features Glee Club^ To Start Singers Warren^ Morr
U. S. To Buy CoHon, Agricultural Supplies From South America WASHINGTON — For years the United States has had a huge surplus of cotton. The idea of importing cotton seemed fantastic. Yet that is exactly what is about to be done, as the latest development in the Good Neighbor policy. Oscar Johnson, leading Mississippi cotton planter and former official of the AAA, will go to South America to buy surplus cotton from Peru and Brazil. He carries a checkbook of the Commodiiy Credit Corporation, whose funds for domestic and foreign crop purchases amount to $4,000,000,000. • Peru, Brazil Lose Markets Both Peru and Brazil are suffering severely from loss of foreign markets. Brazil’s cotton Was sold in Europe, Peru’s to Japan. Both Latin American countries wholeheartedly backed the United States at the Rio conference and now Uncle Sam is re- ' turning the favor. For some time. Department of Agriculture officials, fearful of outcries from the cotton belt, were timid about buying foreign cotton. They thought they might get away with purchases for stprage in South America—but not for imports into the U. S. But two Agiicultuie officials — John B. Hudson, president of Commodity Credit, and Sam Bledsoe, aide to Secretary Claude Wickard— conceived the smart idea of putting the plan squarely up to southern congressmen, with Oscar .Johnson as the choice for buyer. • Cotton Congressmen Trust Him This woiUed like a charm. Cotton congressmen have full confidence in Johnson, and they oven approved impoiting some cotton, especially the long .staple vaiiety from Peiu, which does not directly compete with U. S cotton. Meantime, plans are being made to purchase other Latin Amei ican agi icultural surpluses, including beef and vegetable oils. But Argentina, which IS suffering more than any other country, will get no U. S. help while Piesident Castillo remains on the neutrality fence. Note: The Argentine government lost 161,400,000 peso.s in financing the 1941 corn crop, and is turning corn over to the railroads lor fuel. At the Argentine port of Bahia Blanca, sui plus corn and wheat has overflowed the grain elevators, and is being stored in the open, covered by tarpaulins and tin roofing. (See MERRY-GO-ROUND, Page 2) GE Dept. To Accept Additional Defense Course Applicants Additional applications for the classes in Engineering drawing being offered by the University in connection with the war training program, will be accepted tomorrow evening in looms 201 oi .OOl of the Michael Golden Shops. Classes are already in pi ogress under the diiection of Maurice Knoy, of the Rostone Corporation, who teaches the beginn^ing class in room 201 of the shops, and Prof. S. B. Elrod, of the general engineering department, who instructs the advanced class. This training is fiee to all who are interested. Prof. G. A. Hawkins ... of the School of Mechanical Engineering, ha.s completed publication of his new textbook “Elements of Heat Transfer* and Insulation” which will be available next semester. The co-author of the textbook is Dr. Max Jakob, of the Illinois Institute of Technology.
First Realist rat ion
/
To Begin Tuesday Tuesday and Wednesday, April 28 and 29, the first registration for the rationing of sugar will be held in the Jefferson High School cafteria, as was announced by Frank E. Lewis, chairman of the rationing board, and Mr. Arthur Sullins, advisor to the board. This rationing will be for all bulk user’s and all organizations which serve meals. The person who registers for the house must know how much sugar they used last year because their future quota will be based on their past usage of sugar. Second Registration May 4-7 A second Registration will take place May 4, 5, 6, and 7. This registration will be for every individual over 18 years of age, including those in the previous registration. Everyone is reminded that they must register individually even though they live in a fraternity, sorority, co-op, or the halls. Rationing books will be given to each individual at that time. These books will be used for sugar rationing at the present time, and will be used by the individual for the rationing of other things later on. The books will entitle the individual to one-half pound of sugar a week aside from the amount he is allowed for his house. The rationing board suggests that the person carry this book with him at all times or he will be unable to get any sugar.
Skins At Spoils
WAA will award skins to the most outstanding senior girls of the year at the annual Spring Sports Spread, the last official gathering of the semester, at the WAA cabin Tuesday. Coeds who attend will hibe out to the cabin at 5:30 p. m. The activities of the yeai are brought to a close when the winiieis of skins are selected and announced by the skin committee comprised of staff and students. The skins aie awarded on the basis of leadership, scholarship, health and .sportsmanship. To be eligible for a skin the gill must also have won a monogram, have a 4 point cumulative index, and have had a continued interest in WAA dining her life at the University. t Intramural Cup To Be Awarded After a picnic supper there will be gioup singing; and numerals, monograms, cups and skins will be awarded. At this time the Intramural Cup will be awarded to the house, sorority or hall that has won the most points during the school year. The winner last year was North Hall. The class cup will be awarded to the class having won the most tournaments. All girls with a thousand points to their credit will receive monograms, and those with a hundied points will receive numerals. Open To All Girls The Spread is open to all giils. Tickets may be obtained at the WAA office or fiom any council member for 30 cents. Jane Blank is general chairman of the picnic with Shirley Emhoff, Evelyn Sehuber, Jean Steigerwald, Gail Ilennis and Barbara Foi'd assisting. Distribution of Debris Will Begin Tomorrow Distribution of the 1942 Debris will begin tomorrow at 4 p. m. in the Debris workshop and /ontinue until 6. On Tuesday and'Wednesday they will be distributed from 1 to 6 p. m. To I'eceive a copy of the Debris, a receipt for the full payment must be shown. A passport is also necessary. Completion of pai't payments may be made at the business office in the west wing of the Union,
By Bill Wendel Lou Breese and his “breezy rhythm” will appear in the Main Ballroom of the Union from 8:30 until 11:30 next Friday night at the last of the season’s “name band” Mixers. Friday night’s Breese-sponsored program will feature songs by Barry Warren and Skipp Morr, supplemented by a full-size glee club, comprised of members of the band. Mel Winters will share the spotlight with the aforementioned by virtue of his versatile piano interpretations. Started At Chez Paree in 1939 Best-known for his extended stay at the Chez Paree club in Chicago where, in 1939, he launched his band into a category with those organizations known as “name bands,”
Lou Breese has played at many of the well - known night spots throughout the country, including Frank Daly’s Meadowbrook Counti’y Club in Cedar Grove, New Jersey, and the Million Dollar Pier in Atlantic City. Plays Trumpet and Banjo The sleek-haired, mustachioed maestro of the organization regularly provides the strains of his own trumpet playing in solo parts, and occasionally doubles on the banjo. The style of music furnished by the band is primarily sweet, but the solid, lilting beat of the heavier instruments contributes bounce and a noteworthy quality to the music. Plays For Socialites In his home town of Boston, and
in surrounding New England, Lou furnished much of the music for elite social functions. During each season he played at an average of ninety Back Bay debutante parties and Cloister and Old Colony dances. He established a reputation for himself as the “Prom King” of New England, and had a monopoly while m his home town of Boston, playing for Proms at Harvard, Yale, Dartmouth, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Groton and Andover. Played at ’40 Homecoming Breese’s last appearance at the University was in October of 1940 when he played during Homecom-
ing festivities.
Tickets for the dance Friday night will sell at the regular Mixer price of $1.10 per couple.
Cary Club Presents Bojangles; Voices
By Joe Frohman That gentleman seen galavanting about the campus yesterday afternoon attired in a straight-jacket and a top hot, yelling “I’m crazy, I just don’t give a damn,” wasn’t an escaped lunatic. He was what the Cary Club boys prefer to call advance publicity for Iheit wacky histrionic venture—“Bojangles.” Hooper, Gast Authors The play was written, pro'duced and directed—a la Orson Welles— by Harry Hoopei and Dick Gast. From wbat we saw last night, these venerable gentlemen must have been ih the throes of a serious mental collapse. How else could they have compiled the likes of “Bojangles” ? The opus was scheduled to start at 7:30, but like all professional plays, the cm tain was ten minutes late. The show opened with a bang, literally From then on in, it was
nothing short of bedlam. They had everything on the small stage of Fowler Hall. Tight-rope walkers. Yogi rope-climbers and the Cary Club precision dancers—the Caryettes. These ‘gals’ rival the famous Radio City Rockettes in the beauty and finesse with which they presented their complicated dance routines. (Stage-door johnnies, note.) Hellzapopped If “Bojangles was supposed to be a binlesque on ‘Hellzapoppin’,” we can state, without fear of contradiction, that “Hellzapopped.” We’re referring to that portion of last night’s presentation aptly entitled “A Fairy Tale.” Due to the Temperance Society representative leading over my shoulder, we’re prohibited from giving you any part of the dialogue. Why confine the Temperance Society’s disfavor to this skit? The entire play was what the best people
would call ‘risque’. Not being the best people, though, the audience loved it. Larry Kaitz’s burlesque of the young lady who played the therein at the Paul Robeson convo was another highspot in the evening’s entertainment. Arbuckle Wins Door Prize The door-prize awarded to the 397th person to enter the left entrance was won by G. 0. Arbuckle. The cast promptly presented Arbuckle with his prize—an exquisite wooden door. Three consolation prizes of dinner pails were awarded to the three feminine members of the audience the cast eyed the most. With A1 Cook as M. C., the production also consisted of: a slaphappy installment of that renownedradio serial—the Junglebunny family, a minstrel show and a review of last year’s play.
Machine Shops Make Parts For War Industries During Regular Classes
Machine Shops Assume War Basis
Feature Two Articles
University machine shops are now producing parts for war machines instead of routine shop practice, as a part of the university’s “all out for war” program which involves also the training of naval electricians, army ordnance inspectors, and the second largest Engineering, Science and Management Defense Training program in the country. More than 275 engineeringstudents enrolled in the shop' courses are working part-time on war parts as a result of a subcontract which Univeisity officials have signed with the Westinghouse Electric and Manufacturing Company of Pittsbuigh, Pa. Set Up Production Basis OutpuU has been set up on a “strictly production basis,” with students temporal ily becoming woikmen duiing the portion of each day they aie in the shop, advanced students acting as inspectois, and instructors becoming shop foremen. Under this program, various types of industrial machinery at Pill due, including screw machines, lathes, grinders, milling machines, boring mills and gear cutters, are being used for war production. “Purdue University welcomes this opportunity to use its available equipment for war production in keeping with the President’s policy that every village and hamlet, every machine and every available man must produce for war,” stated Dr. Edward C. Elliott, president of
the University.
“Thei e i.s no reason why students should not produce useful parts during this emergency instead of
merely piactice woik,” he added. “They will have a greater incentive in woiking tor victoiy than they would ever have in working foi
glades alone.”
Great Lakes To Send Men Two hundied men from the Great Lakes Naval Training Station will come to the campus May 15, as the fii st contingent of 800 men who will receive training as naval electricians this summer. Ten women and 67 men employed by the Army ordnance department are now receiving training at the Univeisity as junior inspectoi trainees. The University is reaching more than 6,000 men and women employed in war industries through night classes that are being held in 58 Indiana cities to provide short, intensive, technical training.
Victor E. Gibbens and Herbert J. Muller of the University English department are authors of two sep|i1 ate articles appearing in current peiiodicals. Professor Muller’s article IS a review of a recent book on James Joyce, by Harry Levins, and appears in the spiing issue of the quarterly magazine “Accent.” The article written by Gibbens is titled “Tom Paine and the Idea of Progress” and was published in the April issue of the “Pennsylvania Magazine of History and Biography,” an issue devoted to writings dealing with the ideas of Thomas Paine. The article coireets many popular misconceptions of the theories advocated by Paine.
Duester To Head War Council This Summer Ralph Deuster, president of the Student Union, was announced yesterday as chairman of the Student War CoancQ for the coming school year. Along with Deuster the following students have been appointed to serve on the council; Joe Neff, president of the Student Senate; John Amos, editor-in-chief of the Exponent; Richard Sleeper, president of PIA; Charles Knote, president of Cary Club. Larry Myers, of WBAA and Student Cooperative Association; Florence Croll, president erf Associated Women Students; Jane Ballard, president of PanHellenic Council; Bill Rider, president of Fraternity Presidents’ Council; and the goveimor of . Women’s Residence Halls who has.
not yet been elected.
Council To Meet Thursday These new members along with the past members of the council will meet this Thursday with President Elliott and Professor Hockema, and at this time an effort will be made to point out whei’e the council has failed to accomplish its
objectives.
Future plans of the council are to set up a new Student War Council staff. This staff will consist of war committees from the Student Senate, Student Union, Associated Women Students, Activities Bureau, Fraternity Affairs Office, and publicity and such other committees as are found necessary, headed by juniors who will «neet with the council. Along with these there will be a few non-activity seniors who have previously displayed willingness and ability. This staff will be created so that its services will be available to the Student War Counqil when needed. Students May Attend Meetings In addition to this staff the council has proposed that the Student Senate and the council hold joint meetings to correlate their efforts and to reduce to a minimum any overlapping of duties that may have existed in the past. At these meetings the general student body may be invited to attend so that they may offer their ideas and suggestions for the promotion of the work of the council.
On Motor Marches This week the University military department will inaugurate something new in the way of instruction to sophomores in the basic training course in the form of a thirty mile motor march. The sophomores will lake over all the various positions of the regular army officers and enlisted men. Classes Will Combine In each march the topography and motors classes will meet together and form into the various organizations that make up the battery. Assembling behind the armory, the classes will go'through all the pi’e-march inspections and procedure and from there will start on the thirty mile trip that will last three hours. At the end they will again go through the inspection of the trucks in standard army procedure.
Gala Week To Start Friday Gala Week, the time when alumni return to renew their acquaintance with the University, will be held during the last three days of this week. In previous years it has not coincided with the commencement program; but this year the commencement exercises will be the final Gala Week event, with degrees being awarded to 1,335 candidates who have successfully completed their college studies. During the course of the program, which will begin with registration at 10 a. m. next Friday, the returning alumni will be ti’eated to a series of open houses at variou&^buSdings and organizations on the campus, in addition to an intensive a&letic program which has j?een sched-
uled.
Fire 73 Gun Salute Open house will be held at WRB and the Cary Halls following the Founder’s Day salute ceremonies at the oval, where a 73 gun salute wiU be fired in observance of the 78rd birthday of the University. The actual birthday of the University Was on May 6, 1869, when the Indiana General Assembly passed the apt which made the founding of the University possible. At the cetemonies tjie class of '17 will placP a wreath on the grave of John Eardue, and the class of ’42 will rhise their flag. At 3 in the afternoon there will (Continued on page 4) R. W.Weist Lectures To Ordnance Class R. W. Weist, ME '38, engineer for the Cincinnati ordnance district, hgs been here this week giving lectures on ordnance materials to the 33 men enrolled in the first class of ordnance inspectors held on the campua. Members of this defense training class, which started March 2, are employees of the Army ordnance department. A similar class began April 13 and has ten women and 24 men enrolled.
Glee Club, Concert WSSF Initiates
Choir Give Program At South Bend School
Physics Acoustics Lab Installs
BookCampaign Applause M^ler For Research
University Glee Club and Concert Choir presented a concert at the John Adams high school. South Bend, at 8:30 yesterday evening for the Crippled Childi en’s Fund, which IS sponsored by the South Bend and Mishawaka Kiwanis Clubs in cooperation with the South Bond Purdue Alumni Association. Prof. G. E. Davis, of the division of education and applied (Psychology, was also present to read a number of James Whitcomb Riley’s poems. The program of the concert consisted of numbers by the Glee Club and the Concert Choir, piano solos by Art Jacklin, accompanist for the University musical organizations, solos by members of the vocal groups, and was concluded by the presentation of the “Gypsy Caravan.”
In conjunction with the War Prisoner’s Aid of the Y. M. C. A., the local branch of the World Student Service Fund is conducting a diive to collect books for foreign students who were forced to give up their studies, because they were taken prisoners of war. While they are in the prison camps, many of these young men would like to continue their studies, but are unable to do so because of a lack of text
books.
The Fund is tiying to collect all those text books which university students now find useless because they are obsolete, or because the student has completed the course for which they were intended. Collection boxes are located in Deac’s, Southworth’s, the University Book' Store and the Student Book Exchange.
Among the numerous instruments in the newly constiucted acoustics laboratory of the physics building is one of the so-called applause meters often times used at auditions and amateur talent shows. Of course the physics department doesn’t use it to record the popularity of an instructor after delivering a full hour lecture (leaving you exactly 0 minutes and 0 seconds to make the next class), but to measure the comparative intensities of audio sounds in
lesearch work.
Measures City Noise Many of the large metropolitan areas, such as New York and Chicago, have developed other important uses for this device, such as the noise level in different parts of
the city.
A few years ago the famous theatrical district of New York possessed the reputation of being the
noisiet place this side of Bataan; but according to Dr. Abbott, of the physics department, this district is today one of the quietest as well one of the busiest places in the United States. This was all systematically planned by using the “applause meter” to locate and eliminate the tiue disturbing qualities of the noises. Chicago To Quell Noise Chicago is today undertaking a similar campaign in the loop^ by elimination of the elevated tralna^ and construction of subways inthekr stead. Many other forms of disagreeable noises are being eleminated. In the comparatively new field <rf acoustic research this instroin^ht has unlimited potentialities. In industry the applause meter is known as the sound level meter.m
'*a^
j j
f 1/' ^ i> t H-f
hs
'itNjg^Ss
Exponent Editorial And Feature Page ^ Sundayf April 26^ 1942
i f"
Pkixdim Exponent
AM-Ameficiiii 4940-'41 Offices Cchl'orial and Business,
PuriHife Memorial Union, Phone 4005
Sports, Fietdhouse Phone 2792
Editorial Phone After 10 p m, 5377
iBdIiKir in Chief Nvwi £dilor IdaiMUtinir JSdilor Bnslne^^ Manager ( ircnlalion Mananer filled hditur
I
John r Amos Don T Brophy Jolui H Armatrunit William n Millard Ken K Giemre Alice ( hatflcld
Publication Staff Ah'mi lale FdUi ril
Bditorial Staff n W K i i kl< I) I But? W C Hopkins A P Hunter 1) W O I Itr W I Rafcrt Sporla Staff 1) J Ur w i I S I) si I I Knrpick II Vf Knecer ^ Coed Staff Salh Beall Ct irloUe Ha s Tcan luiuer Dons
Piekerind
Business Staff Coed Business Manager I ilia Martin Advertisini; Managers I M \\iii,lt D I Johnson Circulation Manager G H Klouman Accounts Manager Trena Torr nga Junior (oed lifanagers ^ lien Clark Jane Eelm Staff Tor This Issue "dight Editor Hoskins Sports Editor Kreiger Day Editor Beall Issue Editor Vcgh tleportera ^rc•^mnn ^Ithen Frohman Tyson Marion
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafay ette Indiana under the act of Congress of March 3 1879 and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103 act of October 3 1917 authorized January 20 1922 Published daily except Monday during the retular academic year and weekly during the summer Session Delivered locally by car ijer ).for JiJJlO per rear mail subscriptions $4 00 ^Bcpresented for national advertising by National Advertising Service Inc College Publishers Itepresentatives 420 Madtaon Aive New York N Y
Registration For Older Men ■ Tomoirow about 13 million men between the ages of 46 and 65 will register for Selective SerMce This will include 5,500 fiom Lafayette and 339,000 fiom the entire Hoosier St|ite Unlike earliei registrations, no lottery will be held for these men and no draft numbeis issued since they are ineligible for the draft undei the Selects e Service Actof 1940 or its amendments The geneial piocedure foi these oldei men wiH be the same as for those who registered beford They will be asked their name, age, date of biith, coloi of haii and eyes, place of residence, where they are employed and so forth Later on they will be sent an occupational questionnaire to be filled out listing completely their skills and training. When this registiation and the subsequent questioning has been completed the United States government will have a complete, though pel haps biief, historj of the entne male population of the country between 20 and 65 jears of age This will be valuable not only foi placing men in the aimed forces but also for finding the best people for particulai jobs at home This is ^ ital when it is realized that it takes eighteen men at home to keep one man in the field supplied with food, clothing, shelter and ammunition
High intelligence and moral levels may de rive "from application of knowledge scientists now hold of \itamins in opinion of Dr Rogei J Williams, Unn ersity of Texa''; chemist
A number of Wayne university classes in retailing aie being conducted inside Detiolt stores this semester in a proiect to make uni versity vocational training of the most immediate value possible
More than 1,500 University of Michigan students are leceiving military training as a part of their college woi k
One hundred fifty soldier students at Washington State college had their campus residence hall piovided by college men their din mg room by coeds, and their private study building by the institution
A SCI vice honor roll compiled by the campus newspaper lists 249 Texas Chnstian uni ver'-ity students in the armed forces ol the United States Canada and England.
Wandering Cow
A COM chained in the liviiij^ loom ot Phi Kappa Pi fialeinity house at Beloit (Wis ) college suipiiscd the houbemothci when she came doMnstans on i le cent moining A note attached to one ol the cow s hoi ns s ud ‘This little COM walks m hei sleep If she Mall s into youi house scold hei and letuiii hei to the south side ol (own Sweetheart Insurance Doimiloi^ tudeits it Iseweoiiib college New Oi le iis have devised i ijiie ei SMcethe art insuianee wine h thfv li lieve Mill eliniiii lie iivals in iffuis fd the he ti ( •Shoulel a tudeiit hid let ly become unpopiil u uie! \ lU to no vail loi jihe iie call liomhei steady she e I 1 ee nsulL tl e eloi miL 11 J elite lio ik riieie in blaek and mIiiIc he m ly eliseovci the tl ulile I Ol in ih i( look lie le oided ill dates ol di I initoi V gii 1 Mill the e \ lel liiiie ol depiituie inel le tun luiei the i ime ol the e coil lailuieto igii out oi e 11 e i s in sij iiiiig iie liken uii by the ( am))iis lli iioi soeiety iiiel ileliiuiuents aie eonlined to the eampiis loi sevei il eiays Iheie IS i way to beat th g ime howevei If one gi 1 s boy liiend takes a taney to anothei ot the stu de nts, the ‘ ehiselei s can h we a sti oiling el lU on the large eampus m aeeoidance witli legulitions without receHeting the meelin;.
QUvitsuiKrai MERRY-QO-ROUMD By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen (Continued from Page 1) • No Shorts For Soldiers The Quai tei mastei Genei al has made a long study of shoits and has come to the conclusion that though they may be kind to Biitish legs thej are no good foi Amoileans The necessity of fighting this wai paitly in tiopical aieas foiced the QMC to look into the shoit pants Mhich Biitish soldieis long have worn in hdt climates Aftei SIX months of expeiimentation conceining the effect of thoin upon thigh and nettle on mettle Bilg Gen R M Littlejohn of the office of the Quarter master Geneial biought foith this pionouneement Shorts are unsuitable as a regular part of the mihtarj uniform in the tropics They permit nleh’s legs to be attacked by all soi ts and insects scratch ed by briarsl and severly burned by the searing tropical sunshine ’ In short we are willing to fight beside the Brit lah but not like the British No American soldier will expose the knee • Mdiman Eased Out Behind the White House announcement ot the ap pointment of Paul McNutt as head ol the new Wai Man Powei Boaid was a human diama that lett a soul taste in the mouths of insideis The announcement stated that “Mi Sidney Hill man piesent dnectoi of the old Laboi Division has been appointed Special Assistant to the Piesident on Hboi matteis and will assume his duties shoitly Cleai inleience m is that Hillman has been elevated to i veiy important post and had accepted it Actuallj the opposite was the case Inside tacts woi e these The new job is little moi e than in empty title It M IS thiust at Hillman to scieen the t let that he was being shelved by Roosevelt aftei moie than two yeais ot devoted service after wioeking his health ind in culling the enmity oi powoitul 1 iboi elements At the time the t^hite House issued the announce ment Hillman was flat on his biek in i hospit il ex hausted fiom oveiMoil Doelois have told him he will hive to icmain in th it bed toi at least a month Hillman kneM nothing about the announcement un til his fi lends told him He h ui not accepted the lob has not done so to this day ind his no intention o( taking it And that isn t all A week befoie a White House idvisoi sounded out Hillman on the job He flatly declined Mith thanks ‘I didn t ask the President for anything when he appointed me to the old National Defense Com mission’ Hillinin said and Im not asking (or anything now I m ready to leave any time ’ This was lepoited to Roosevelt I ater Admiiiis tvationites proposed that he use the situation to replace Secietarv Frances Perkins with Hillman and find something else toi hei I he 1‘iesideiits leply was negative Note Otficeis ot Hillman s union the Amilgamat ed Gaiment Woikeis hive been uiging him to quit Washington since the 0PM Mas abolished Also in the list tcM d lys high CIO officials hive sent him mcssigos to iituin to hi unicn to help i i thi bitlci bittlc Mith John L I ewis • Nelson Also Surprised Anothei official suipiised I y the White House in nouneement wis Wai Piodiielion Chiet Don ild Nel son The tl insfoi mation of Hillmins old L iboi Divis 1011 into the new Wai Laboi Division mws ill news to Nelson Although the agency is to be undci him he had not been consulted and leained about it lion the pi ess Also Roosevelt and not Nelson Mill select the hold ot the agency Note Leading innei cucle choice is Waltoi Reu thei dynaimc led headed young vice piesident of the United Auto Woikeis a close tiieiid of Hillman and outspoken Lewis toe • Life in Europe Lite in Nazi luled Eiuope is gum ind baiien lOi victois and conqucied alike In Geimany and in the looted ind ten oi wed occupied eountiies cMsteiieo is ail endless stii-,gle igainst endless sho ti es tl iL „tOM ineieasiuglj dos)jeiale Fiom eonfidenti il diplom lie ind Ii tel! ei ce le ports ue taken these illuiiiinatm„ 11 i he on lite in Eiuope today < GERMANY Much pubheitj was „iven to the tact that a Berlin him had piodueed successful paper soles I he uppeis in made ol Mide strips ol WOI Ml papei the soles of papei rope painted with cellulose 1 lequei ( hiet attiaction of the shoes is that fhev cm be bought without ration coupons In Berlin cobblers now can accept shoes loi re pair on Wednesdays and Saturdays only Re ison gmii lor this decree was Ih it eobbleis wire \v isl iiig loo mueli fime t ilking to eiislopiirs In Vienna i policeman diseoveied i bntchcied pg diesscdup is i child in the le ii oi i eai the jiij h ul been bought in the bl lek m uket and w is beni;^ spii it ed iw ly when i h e ikdoi n of the c ii led to the dis coveiy A k id irtiek ii Das Sel waize Koips SS Tioopei jiiiblie ition dc minded th it (jcimans stop talkin so much i) out tied S ud the p ipei Wi suite liom a sUijilus oi ( istnc leid beeausi ,^enei aliens ol Gei mus hive consumed te o much poik and too minv veal chops II cue sluts 1 ilkin„ iboul the Moonlight Son it i one sullenly finds emeselt thinl ing ol what e lie iLe oi di ml while siLtin„ in the uioenli„l f mel Milhont 1 I owing how one is t ill ing ib uL sans ig s J h it must Ik h ilLed • Not So Giy Paree IRANI] Ihe limed irtist models ol I’uis ue last beeomint extinct Not only is the jiiy pooi hut be i uise ol lick ol luel the moelels hive to pose in iinlie ated studios uiel beeoii c ill So severe is (he shoilage of oil iii Pans Ihit all woodui paveineiils in Ihe oeeupicd I apital have bet-u oideied ripped up ind processed It was estimated that the wooden pavement of hisfoiie Place <le li foiieordi would yield flu i(|uivaknf ol 400 000 Ilf ICS ol petrol III Lyons one liousch Idei al te i long eogit itioii (in illy ele viseel an ingenioub method to oliLiin i t w leet ol Miie he needeel despei ifcly to lepui some me pi leeahle utensils He went to a leading Lloiist iiid boyght a bunch ot eunatioiis piieed it 25 times e ich The salesgiil i emu keel to tlie eusiomei th it he dieln t look like i man who could liioiel so much ten tlowei s I 111 nol wis Die lejily I m buying Die Howe is (tonlinued next eoluinn)
GRIN AM) WAtrr
By Lidiiy
Personnel Notes COMPANIES SCHEDULED TO VISIT CAMPUS Liberty Mlitual Insurance Co, Louisville, Ky Aiil 28 Soconv Vacuum Oil Company, De tioit, Mich Apiil 28 Pennsylvania Railroad Western Diieision Chicago 111 April 28
Defense Trainees Win Certificates
Tourist business no good' Chief Big Bear go see Great White Fathoi about ytar contiact'
Ari Guild To Sponsor Tea Dance Tyesday Student Art Guild will sponsoi the last Tei Donee of the somestei nest 1 ucsd ly in Die Noith B illioom ot the Union Ihe admisbion loi this 1 ist tea d inec will he 10 cents foi eds ml (00 Is will hi idmiilcd tl 0( In two Fc nriessee counties ueint ly the monthly new (iie juot i to tailed just one In i e leh
foi the Mile f istenod iiound them th it s the only way I cm f,ot it md I must hove wiie • Merry Go-Round IIoll md s limed tulip hells ue the latest victim of the Nozis new Ol loi The Geimiiis hive oideicd th( fields plowed up foi the plant iirt ol pot toes md ^iiin Now Ln,,liid m iple sjiui is being in eiciscd to m iximuiii quintity this spiijig Intelligoiie('lepoits ue th it the dieod spotted fevei is ho coming men lein,, in castein Eui ope To oveieome lieovv populi lion losses is a lesult oJ the wai the Eini ish ,^01 cinmeiit h is 1 uineh ed i e impugn to ineieose the si/e ot eveiy 1 imily to ioui child en Acting Seciotuv ot Stite Sumnei Wollos has given up his legiilu 5 >0 i m hoiseb lek iidc now gives up his mid (I ly meal Ho hos a cup ol eotfee ot his desk Stote Deportment offici ils loioieo that Chiles nevi piesident will lotain Ambissuloi Podollo Michels in \\ ishington Michels v ent to col k,„e n this f ointiy os i young m in md IS btun^lv pio Ameiico i Sc itoi RdcitTitt Ohio 1 oloi on 1st docLicd tl at despite the vast ( xpcndi lUi es ot the p st two jeais foi inihtaiy puiposes We ue at piesent poitently unpiepaied Wliil lilt dll not mention M IS fh^ t let th i he fought md vot ed i on L eve y nii|oi Ictcnsc me isu Cl po e 1 1 \ R os v It (Cc pv 1 .,hl 1112 1 \ United t e i luit S\t Ik t Ti )
University To Offer Five Short Courses Eight vieek eouises in fieshmin subjects eoveiin,^ the noimil omount of woik will he olfoied by the Univeisity this summci The eouises uc designed toi students who lie dofteient in the eouises of leied uul who find it impossible to go ioi the complete summei teim Com SOS offeied ue Mithemotics 2 eheinistij 1 cngineeiing diawing 12 En/lish SI Olid opplied mechon les 21 Although the mechonies coLiise IS not i tieshmon subject it IS on the schedule in oidei that bophomoios who no not itteiiding school this summci iiioy m il o up
then dtficieneies
len Hours Credit Is Maxiiiium The eouises will bc^m M ly 4 ind tmisli June 27 Iho tuition not in cliidiirt the usu il labnoto y tecs will be $3100 A student iiiiy ob tun i miximuin ot 10 hoius ciedit toi the eight weel s j enod Eoi (let Ills lelitive to thg sched uling ot such el isscs ipplicants should get in touch with cithei Plot W A Kn ipp Assistant Dc in ot Engineeiing Di I B Knight Diieeloi oi Suniiiioi Session oi C E Dammon Direetoi of Admissions
foi the Univeisity
UiiKUi Oil Company of California, Los Angeles Calif —Junioi M E md ChE foi summei woik Sign in Personnel Office by Tuesday,
April 28
Liberty Mutual Insurance Co, New Yaik N Y —Men and women foi positions as Claims Adjusteis and Investigators Comihg Apiil 28 Sign in Peisonnel Office by Mon day, Apiil 27 Socony Vacuum Oil Company, De tioit Michigan—^Coming Apnl 28 ChE for work in lefineiies in Ticn ton Michigan about 20 miles from Detimt Also women Chemical En gmeers tor work in lofineiy office Sign in Peisonnel Office by 4 p m Monday Apnl 27 Carnegie Illinois Steel Corp Pittsbuigh Pa—Coming soon MS and PhD in EE and ME Sign m Peisonnel Office iminedi itely Stone and M ebstei Engineeiing Corp Joliet III —CE and EF who have finished at least two yeais oi engineeiing Sign in Peisonnel Ot ficc by Thuisday Apnl 10 Gull Oil Coipoialion Tulsa Ol laboma—Chemist oi ChE—Sign in Pcisoiind Otfice by Eiiday May 1 Pennsylvinii Riilioid Wostein Division Chicigo 111—CE md EL 1(11 summei woil t ommi Tuesday Apnl 28 Si^ii in Peisoinel 01tie( by Monday Apnl 27 University ol t hie igo Dept of Medicine Chie i,^o II* Chcniie il teelmieians ti lined m the technique ot volunvetne md „i ivinietiic an alysis f mdid ites must he Amen (ail eili/ens md should be eithei women oi men who in disquilifieil tiom militaiy seiviee Sign m Pei sonnel Office by Thu: sd ly Api il jO English c oflin in ikei s ai o convei 1 in-, then plants to the niimifaetuic ot militaiy pi mes
Ceitificatos have been avvaidcd to 44 men and women foi saiisfac toiy completion of foui courses of fcied heie by the Univeisity de fense tiainmg progiam under the auspices of Die United Stated Of fice of Education Those leceiving eeitificates foi the ciectneal engineeiing eouise aie Juanita Beck Alfied Blown, Geoigo Casey Goidon Cole Wil liaiji Nisley, Ivan Rectoi Claience Wiay and Kenneth Smith Pol the cldss in pi eduction metal luigy those leceivmg eeitificates arc as follows Roy Gjegxnyj Ron aid Spatigh E M Snyder Howard Metcalf Viigil Gunei, Willard Hoinbeck William Yeager Robert Peteison Edwaid Davis Raymond Letfcit and Roy Isiael Ceitificates foi production en gineoinig weie given to the foi lowing Call Moss Haiiy Neill Richaid Koity Max Thompson Eiank Coleman Geoige McCol lough Hams Jacoby and Glen Haj liman Ceitificates foi pioduction supei vision vveio given to Maurice Coch lan Ralph Eiye Milton Hall, W Hcltschult Earnest Listei Ells woith Mot/gei Tioy Mooie Dean Stockton Riymond White Haiold Emtison William K Schilling Haiold Essex Chcstei Campfield Ilet man 1 cast( i md (x( lald Acl*i( s
Gold Peppers St moi coed honoi •'1 j aiinoime es the elect on of the tolloviing oJ faeeis II11: lettc ‘^imons inesident DotticMolei vice piesident Katit Bertseli sk, eliiy ii d J uk Me ( ouch tl e isui tl
DR PAUL A RISK DR LUtHER A RISK DR HAROLD | RISK — DENTISTS — 400 404 Schultz Bldg 4lh and Main St Lafayette
SUN - MON
LUNA
2 HITS’
194 Us Academic Award Winner
Mill HtKHl tKIU ^
with Walter PIDQiON Maureen O'HARA
THE KING S MEN ADRIAN DDUGLAS' THE MILt HERTH TRIO A U Wer«al P ctu e
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
ARC
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS liiiiv(;r.sily lloiik Sliirc
TODAY MONDAY
HELD OVER! A Circus FmI of Fun* WALT DISNEY S
It's the Screen's Greatest Adventure jn Enchantmcnl' plys The joints junipin With jive md joy' SINC. YOUR WORRIES AWAY wilh fiert lihr Jure Havoc — Patsy Kelly Buddy Ebsen Alvirio Rcy Orchostn —-ApDED — MARCH OF TIME AMERICA'S NEW ARMY
NAM -NOW PLAYING/dvontuie’ Ihniis’
^ II na KWH'S
iswmws
aritii^i
mvm ^ '""""'"f tVtlAND
Dorothy Lamour William Holden Eddie Bracken Jimmy Dorsey AND HIS ORCHESTRA featudnn Bob Eberly-Helen O'Connell In
7 Swingy Singy Songs
»it» Betty Hutton Betty Jane RhodOs LeifEricksoii STARTS TdpAY ummxu
li
Hi
m)
1. 4 ;> i > f*
Sundfiy^ ApfU 2^, 1M2
Boilernmlker Sports
■HiNMillll
¥ imaUpiii
Of SouthwQlth^i
^*4
f*{? )
A PW w tlif fla^4... ¥, Trsffl* fy? so they say. put pon’t forget |hat; a used book in i i ‘ >\ I i the hand may be worth two bucks at
PBKBiiE BflttK s syppiy SW 308-JO STATE STI^EET WEST LAEAYETTE IND
A Stitcli in Time... saves nirie, but w hy save those USED BOOKS that you no longer need. Trade them in for CASH or trade at
TODLE BOCK ^SUPPLY ffCRE
308 10 STATE STREE£ WEST LAFAYETTE INQ
Too Many Cooks.. Spoil the broth, but you won’t spoil any broth if you trade your USED BOOKS for cash or trade. In fact, you’ll be "cooking with gas.’’
308 lU STATE STRIEt wwr 'W
A Penny Saved ... is a penny earned. So watch your "earning powei’’ jump as you make those Savings on USED BOOKS at
PTOE BOOK ^SUPPLY SICPE
LVLl C H no ly MA AOC <
308 lO STATE STREET WEST LAIAYCTFL IND
SoiilJiivoith’s
"DuTch" Doherty Writes
Phil Johnson dropped in to chat with ns at the Sports Office last week and showed us a card which he leceived fiom “^Dutch” Doherty Most of you undoubtedly lemembei “Dutch,” who was playing plenty of fine ba<’cball foi the Boilermakers just one year ago At the present time
,4** .gn Squad ByM Score
Jy 1,
By Ed Karpaeft
Michigan’s Wolverine^
he IS woiking foi his Lncle Sam being attached to the 44th Division Ai- fending Big Ten Tennis^
pions, steam rollered oy^ tWe Boilermaker netters yesterday by a 6-1 score. The Woly«a WOli all five of the singles niateti^ &nd one of the doubles. iHeK Stettner and Gus Anus^oiig
defeat Purdue by a score of 5 to 3, here today, and thereby and we ke including his addiess foi all those who we know will want to won the number two doable fiateh
make a clean sweep of the two game series
Paul Petiich went the loute for the Riveters and yielded 8 hits, while the Boilermakeis nicked the offerings of Caim and
Fishman, who came into the ball game in the final fiame, for 9 Gaiacade Next Friday
Michigan Ninici Rallies To Nip Riveters. 5-3
tilleiy in the far off State of Washington “Dutch” is serving as athletic diiector foi the 44th He is also holding down the hot coniei position in the team’s infield and managing the baseball team as well Next month
ANN AEBOE, Mich, April 26-(Specialto the Purdue Ex- "'‘J, u k u ii „ . _ ' , ’ ^ .111 T n Dutch” writes that he misses old Pmdue and baseball He was ask poneftt) Trailing by two luns going into the last half of the jjjg Jgg Dolan Hariy McFeiren Doc Cole McCaffiey, Carson and eighth inning, Michigan’s Wolverines pushed over 4 runs to all the lest of his old buddies Doherty would hke to heai fiom his fi lends.
wiite to him Heie it is
Headquaiteis 44th Division Aitilleiy Fort Lewis Yakima Washington
safeties Each team made two ei rois 1 Riveteis Score Early Pmdue opened the scoiing m the thud inning when Petiich wis sale at fiist on an eiroi by the Wolvei me shoitstop Paul Fiicnd then came through vith a single send mg the Rivetei s huilei to second Petrich moved to thud on a field ei s choice, and scoied when Hois le ’ Riley beat out an infield hit Michigan tied the scoie in the sixth liame when Holman s lly to ii>,ht went loi a tuple and Robinson lol lowed with a single Boilei ni ikti s Pieik lie Iht RivcLeis inoicd out in tioiit once mou in the eighth when Met eimeii ^singled went to second rn Youngs saeiiliee and seoied when Geoige Bui,-,hai(lt clouted i two biggei to deep leit eentei Petiich then lollowed with i sii le t( scoie Bmghaidt Stcinbeig was sent ii] to pinch hit foi the Wolvcimc'- m the final half of the eighth uid diew a p iss Holman followed with i tuple to deep center scoring Steinberg buT Petrich boie down ind made Rob inson foul to Young toi the second out With a county ol 3 and 2 Chamberlain hit the next pitch with the handle o± his bat for i luekj single to left seoiing Holman Chiistirnsen then slapped a giound or to Young who thiew wide to first Chamberlain moving to third White then stepped up and lined a single to left scoring both lunneis and winning the game tor Michi
gan
Petrich Stdis Petiich who pitched mai velous
ed runs The bigTi^thandei shared the batting honors for the day with Friend edch getting 2 hits m 4 trips to the plate Score by innings PURDUE 001 000 020—3 9 2 MICHIGAN 000 001 04x—5 8 2 (Continued on page 4)
WiltWinsMile 2 Mile Events At A. A. U. Meet
By Ad Soheid
Between 75 and 100 entries tiom Pufdue, Indiana, Notre Dame, Butler, and DePauw competed in the annual Indi ana A A U tiack and field championships in Ross-Ade
With Ggla Week upon us once again, we just want to remind you to make a date right now to be on hand at the Fieldhouse pool next Friday night at 8 15, when the outtain goes up on Dick Papenguth’s annual Gala cade Any of you who have witnessed any of the previous aquatic extrav aganzas put on by the Boilermakers’ Billy Rose will not want to miss this show which seems destmed to top all the others For those of you who have not had the pleasure of witries&mg any of Dick’s shows, believe us when we tell you that you have a real treat rn store for you next Friday night While we aie on the subject, we’d like to see a large turnout to the many other sports attractions which will unfold during Gala Week Tennis golf, track, baseball and football are all on tap so you
can t complain about any lack of variety
• •
Future Yankee Fireballer Ever hear of a prtchei named Carl De Rose’ We never had before last week, either The youngster is performing out in the Pacific Coast League gt present, and the experts aje already beginning to praise his fiieball Carl was in very great demand when he was a free agent with the Reds, Dodgers andTigeis all trying to get his John Hancock on a contract But it was not until the New York Yankees came along with an offer which was big enough to enable De Rose to pay off the mortgage on the old homestead that the young speed demon reached for his fountain pen
Has A Lot To Learn
Right now the kid is greener than an Irishman on St Patrick’s Day, getting his feet all tangled up when he comes tearing in to field a bunt When he gets in a jam out on the mound, De Rose just laies back and fogs that high hard one thiough there just a little faster than usual You can rest assured that he will be brought along slowly in the extensive Yankee chain gang and when he makes his debht at the Stadium in about
stadium here yesterday after- 3 or 4 years from now, he will be a polished hurler, all set to assist the
Bronx Bombers in what has come to be their annual drive for the pen nant So paste the name of Carl De Rose in your hat, and when the base ball scribes start comparing his smoke ball with those of Bob Fellei Wal ter Johnson, “Lefty” Grove, and ‘Dazzy” Vance and “Dizzy” Dean, just
remember we told you about him way back when
noon Indiana University was well lepiesented by such stars as Fred Wilt former Big Ten two mile champion and Finie Vogel talent
cd high jumper
Wilt Stars
Wilt took both the mile and two mile events with comparative esse running them in 119 8 and 9 57 6 respectively Vogel clinched the high jump with r leap of 6 , 4 3 4’ Riveter Winners Boilermskei representatives took only three out of fourteen possible
Allspaw Paging Campbell It appeals as if we have a Bobby Jones m the rough on our campus His name is Bril Campbell and he lives in the Phi Gamma Delta house Y'esteiday afternoon Bill stepped up to the tee on the University golf couise and made a hole in ope on the 240 yard No 4 hole —R W K
fust places lohn Conant Ruetei
bill and deserved to win struck out hiiidlei was responsible for two of () i\ liked 2 ind yielded just I eai 1 them taking both the 220 low hui
PAULAS PLACE
BEEF STEAK — BEEF-BARB-Q HOME MADE CHILI PORK TENDERLOIN
FURNAS ICE CREAM
Phone 2645 216 W. Columbia St.
We Deliver
EDGERTON HDW^., INC. HARDWARE —PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS ^^OR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
d(e and 120 high hurdle events The other first was taken by Jim Ed wards in the pole vault with a lift of 12 4 ’ Clifloid of Notre Dame came home m front of the 100 yd dash in 10 2 seconds followed by Know les ol Butlei and Murphy also of Notre Dame The Irish were also prominent in the half mile run with Currie and Ring both from Notre Dame tak mg first and second respectively The time for the event was 2 01 9 The meet ended with an unoffic ral contest between two improvised relay teams Pearson Shaw and Tufts all Rneteis and Murphy of N D formed one team and Parks,
aagesD Mytftraeeif nt/eam/sfo mer/
Witt Simons ton, and Wagner, all of Butler, the other The Butler team walked off with the honors
in 3 42 9 minutes
100 YARD DASH—Won by
(ND) Knowlts (B) second Murphy l,ND)
third lime 0 10 2
POLE VAULT—Won by Edwards (P) Pottci (B) second Gr mm IPI third
Height 1 t
HIGH JUMP—Won by Ernie Vogel (lUl Burnett (lU) second MacEachern Breb ncr Blown (P) tied foi third Height o
10 1 2
SHOT PUT—Won bv Mulford (matt) Awterlion (P) second Potter (B, third
41 11 3 4
MILE—Won by Wilt (lU) Judge (lU) second Wagner (P) third Time 4 19 8
1 ’
440—Won by Elliott (unatt ) Pearson (unatt ) second E ranee tIU) third Time
00 b ,
880—WoH by Currie (ND) Ring (ND) sei^ond Kinder (P) t(urd Time, 2 019 220—-Wion by Elfiotit (unatt ) Long (lU) segohd Clifford (ND) third Time
22 4
120 HIGH HURDLES—Won by Gouai t (P) i^bott (111 ) seifOnd Johnason (lU) tljiid Time 15 ^ 220 (.OWflUjaDLES—Won by Conant (Pj Abbott (III) setmd Brines (I) thud Time 24 5 BROAD JUVlP Won by Burnett (lU) Dodge (P) sKypitf Kcrehtval (P) third 1 i.,th 22 8 1 2 fllSCUS- Wgn by Daiisby (HI ) Blanks (unatt) bceond Roit (P) third Leii th
15 i’'
’ klLL RUN lYon by Wilt (lU) Dens 1 r (1 I sgi,ond Jiujl-t (IJU) tfiir 1 Lin
in straight sets 6-4, 6-2, for the
only Riveter victory. Matches Hard Fought
In sprte of the lopsided score 36Veral of the matches were olodely contested Captain Ray Lueht flayed a fast match with Lawton Hammett, the Wolverine number one man, but lost out by scores of 6-3, 6 4 Gus Aimstrong playiitg rt the number two spot for the Riveters dropped a close 6 4, 6-4 ntateh tO the unoi-thodox Jim Porter Portei seived with his left hand and vol leyed with his right Most of the game scores m this mateb. were dueces at least once, and the lead changed hands several times. Dick Stettner had Jerry Schaflander, Michigan number three, at match pomt several times, biR Vras unable to deliver the necessary ptinch This match went to three sets before the Michigan player won
out
Lost Opportunity In the doubles, Ray Lueht and Ed Wells had a four to two lead ih the thud and deciding set,4mt lost the last four consecutive gam^ and the match Hammett’s fine |fiaeements just out of the reaifii the Riveter doubles combination were largely responsible for the Wolverine victory A summary of the match follows SINGLES Hammett (M) defeated Lucht (P) 6 3 6 4 Porter (M) defeated Attostrong (P) 6 4 6 4 Schaflander (HI feated Stettner (P) 3 6 3 6 6-2 Qudha (M) defeated Wells (P) 6 0 6-4 Johistdk (M) defeated Dudzmski 6 1 6 2 DOUBLES—Hammett and W^RnatOli (M) defeated Wells and Lueht (P) 9-Sf, 4 b 6 4 Stettner and Antistrogg (JP) defeated Schaflander and Potter B-A ^2 Fraternity Tfackll^t Starts In Ross-Ade Stadium Tomorrow
Starting tomorrow, and Con-
V'i'ndi*^ tinning through Tuesday, the
Inter-fraternity Track and Field Meet will be held in RossAde Stadium Not more than two men from any fraternity may compete in a single event, excepting in the relay Frfly participation points to go to smy team competing four different men in the meet, 10 points to the WiiiOe|^ and 5 points to the runner-up h beautiful trophy will be awarded tp the winning team, and mefiglsjsjll be presented to all rtien cpmibeJai^ as members ol the winnuigteant
The schedule of exents follows
MONDAY 100 yard dash milt run 440 yard dash 120 yard high hurdles shot jjjt,
d stu and pole vault
TUESDAY—‘>20 \aid dash two Hdie run 2 0 low hur lies half mile i;uu brokd 3 imp hi„h jump and 4 man relay i
\IILb RLI AY S (I Ol Stoll tPj
Won b> Muri 1 y
1 art 1 (ND
Witt fill
J AVb LIN—Won bj Di h ty <111 1 Blanks (11 tt ) st,LOt d Root (P) thirl Distan e 1J2‘> 1 '
The only mdxname that ig said to have ever provoked Joe Gptidpn was the tag of ‘Little Zeke” fcb® Cardinals pinned on hipr wh*t>jbe was trying toplay fiiat IpsA siu ing
Save with U.
You know the story of Axis “dictatorship”—the lesson is there for all to read: Schools and colleges closed—or turned into breeding grounds for lies and hate. Freedom of speech—wrftolcnf Freedom to choose your friends—ncrjliotenf . All you need to learn is to obey!** Now they would attempt to put the yoke on us—on you. It must not happen here! Whatever the cost, the Axis must be smashed. Your part, as a college student, is clear. You may not be behind a gun today, but you can help today to give our soldiers, sailors, aud marines the weapons they need for Victory, Put your dimes and dollars into lighting uniform now by buying United States Savings Bonds and Stamps. You’ll help not only your country, but yourself—^because you are not asked to give your money, but to lend it. You can start buying Bonds by buying Savings Stamps for as little as 10 cents. Start buying today—and keep it up! and Save America Savings BONDS A STAMPS
mm
WeVe enlisted anr seme«S to help win the war by ing about oppeorcince how it affects the mor<de ot nation. And we practice what we by offering the best cleaning services tainable from a uniform to a dress
Ask the many who come back ag<^ OTd again—Yhey like the thorough. detailed work we do. And so will you. Try us this week for sure!PurttwS Exponent
Sunday, April 26, 1P42
University Calendar Week of April 26 - May 2,1942
Dean Gilkey To Address WBAA Will Observe Methodist Group Tonight 'Better Homes Week'
coming year in room IJO of Chem and Met Building, Wednesday, April 29, at 4 p.m. —STARKE’S’
26
Sunday, April ’Sl30 P.M.—Girl Scout Patriotic Rally 4;0fl P.M.—Music Program ^:00 P.M.—Alpha Phi Omego Initiation <>r00 P.M.—Home Economics Staff Party
; 15:30 P.M.—Alpha Phi Omega Diniici 7:30 P.M.—Sciivenci Club Meeting
Women’s Gymnasium Musir Room, Union Room 3.55, Union Both Faculty Lounges, Union Rooms 332 and 33'1, Union Room 26], Union
R:00 A 2:30 P 4:00 P 4:00 P. 6:00 P.
Monday, April 27
.M.—Golf Meet—Detroit M.—ClDrtsumois Education M.—^j^gT^homy Seminar M.—Tennis Meet—DePauw
M.—Delta Gamma
7:00 P 8:00 P, 8:30 P.
M.—P. I. A. Dance Class M.—Reamers Meeting
M.—Univeisity Club Bridge
Room 261, Union
Room 201, .'Vg Hall
Tennis Couits
Senior Banquet Rooms 355 and 363,
Union
Noith Ballroom, Union Room 304, Union Both Faculty Lounges,
Union
Dean Charles W. Gilkey of the Rockefeller Memoiial Chapel at the Univeisity of Chicago will be the guest speaker at the Wesley Foundation ve.sper sei vice this evening at 7. Dr. Gilkey was the Barrows Lecturer to the University of India m 1024-25. He has studied at the Universities of Berlin, Marbuig,
Edinburgh and Oxford,
The service will bo held in the Fust Methodist Chinch at the cornel of Chaunccy and South .streets. Students, faculty and townspeople
aie invited to attend.
Gala Week...
4:00 P.M.-
Tuesday, April 28 -Committee on State ot
Univei sity
-Student Art Guild Tea Dance -Cadet Offieeus Banquet
4:00 P.M 6:30 P.M,
7:30 P.M.—Chiistian Science Oiganization Room 303, Union
Room 263, Union
Noith Ballroom, Union South Balhoom, Union
1:00 P.M.-
Wednesday, April 29 -County Agents Meeting
4:00 P.M. 6:00 P.M.7:00 P.M.7:30 P.M.-
-Student Housing Committee -Cary Club Award Banquet -Boy Scout Meeting -Man lage Course
7-30 P.M.7:30 P.M,7:.30 P M-
-Kappa Psi Meeting -Scabbaid and Blade Meeting -Giaduate Dames Fust Aui Class
East Faculty Lounge, Union Room 261, Union Caiy Hall West Eliza Fowler Hall Room 302 and 304, Union Room 303, Union 3’owei, Union
Room no, ChE Bldg.
8:00 A.M.-
Thursday, April 30 -County Agents Meeting
3:00 P.M.4:00 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M,7:30 P.M.-
-Screen Review -Purdue Zouave Squad Picnic -Christian Student Fellowship -P. I. A. Chorus -Tipp. County Bettei Homes Progiam
East Faculty Lounge, Union ILill ol Music
Room 307, Union Towel, Union
Rooms .355 and 363, Union
4:00 P.M.4:30 P.M.5:30 P.M.6:00 P.M.7:00 P.M.7:15 P.M.7:30 P.M7:30 P.M..8:30 P.M.9.00 P.M.-
Friday, May 1 GALA WEEK -Baseball—Ohio State . -Cosmopolitan Club Meeting -Faculty Bowling Banquet -P. Men’s Banquet -Purdue Staff Boy ling -Philatelic Society -Interfi atei nity Fellow ship -Model Railioad Open House -Union Mixei -Class ’17 Women’s Pai l\
Baseball Diamond Room 304, Union Noith Balhoom, Union South Ballroom, Union Room 26 !, Union Room 30), Union Room ’07, Union Alt.c, itf E Building South B.’.lli oom, Union Old Chestnut Roo.ii, Union
Saturday, M.iy 2 GALA WEEK 8:09 A M.—Golf Meet—Michigan 1 00 PM.—Outdoor Tiack Meet—Iov\a, Minnesota and Noithwestcin
2:00 P.M.—Baseball—Ohio State 5:45 P.M.—Foundei’s Day Banquet 9:00 PM—Union Mixer
Baseball Di.imond Noith Balhoom, Union Both Balhoonis, Union
Union Board To Hold Annual Picnic Today
Foimal installation of senioi executives and vice piesidents of the Student Union Boaic! was held yesterday m the Gieat Hall oi the Union. Joe Staled., letiiing piesidciit of the hoaid, piesukd at tlie installation. Seiiioi membeis installed woie Ralph Deustei, pic.sident: Ken Gos•set, men’s executive; Jeanette Haynes, coed executive and Boh Seeliuigei, activities chan man Vice presidents who weie installed aie as lollows: Ted Chapman, Will Hiller, Gene Katteijohn, Dale Kiester, Couitlandt Nelson, Bill Purman, Ruth Fiiei, Maiy Cathciing Gee, Betty Hutchins, Viigiiiia MacDonald and Maiian Siegki
The 653 gallons ol gas bin nod each yeai by the aveiage U. S. motoii.st w'ould take a light aimy tank 653 mile.s towaid the enemy.
SAVE MONEY! Qletut it m VAPOO
MVapoo makes chairs, sofas. Tugs radiant as when you bought them! Vapoo is quick' 1 asy! Can’t barm fabrics. 7 oz. can cleans 16 at chairs or tuo <J x 12 7ui;s. Get 19 Vapoo at dept., drug, or hard- & ware stores and shampi poo your whole house' Jjk 3 02. can, 00 ; 1 o/. can, il.W; 3 3 ot can.
Fill on llial (iit'ss just hack I I o in o II r .S A i\ rrO N I'l Clean ing. Ol (oursc, it's In ighl and iuw\-looking, hnl nol i( c |) a 1 11 c n lari v how ))ci lc( llv ii III-.. Sec how onr skilled ojieialoi-- h.ive lesion d ils -in.ii I ''h.i|)elinehs <md 11 ini I i n e , see how sinoolhK ilN i)ie-scd. even in ihe ' out ol ihe w.ij” idai es.
I.ads, ll(jf‘n Non'II know OIK' lea-on whs (jiidlily ( leanings is sin h a sin.irl hii\ .
REIFER'S
Fhone 4091
839 Mam St
(Continued from page 1)
bo a var.sity football practice which will be sponsored by the Gimlet Club, and at which a watch will be presented to the freshman player having shown the greatest improvement in his fir.st year in college ath-
letics.
Classes Meet at Dinner Highlighting the Sunday program will be the annual Gala Week loyalty dinner in the Noith Balhoom of the Union, where the membeis of the class of 1892 wnll be awarded golden anniversaiy cei tificates, the class of ’17 will ipceive .silvei certificates, and the classes of ’82, ’87, ’97, ’02, ’07, ’12 will be given special loyalty ccitificates by Di. Elliott. Following the diniiei, Mike Murphy, winner of the world’s cham]non stunt llier cup foi two years, will give a demonsti ation on “Whaf Should Not Be Done wit ban An2)lane” at the Univeisity airpoit Accoiding to E. Baugh, societaly of the Alumni Assoeiation, all son101 s, hteii paierits, faculty raembei.s, and alumni aie invited to attend the luncheons and dinnci s to be held dining Gala Week.
Station WBAA will present a special broadcast on next Tuesday afternoon at 3 as a pait of the observance of “Better Homes Week,” it wa.s announced today by Miss Jean Harvey, administrative assistant of Bcttei Homes in America. Speakers on the program will include Prof. Frank C. Hockeraa, who will repiesent President E. C. Elliott, national pi esident of Bettei Homes in Ameilea; Mrs. E. C. Cline, Indiana state chan man, and Mis. Charles Shambaugh, Tippecanoe County chan -
man.
The regular weekly series of “Better Homes” broadcasts will also be continued on WBAA on Monday afternoon at 1:30 with a discussion on “Your Time Budget.”
ROTC Seniors! All candidates for commission in the Officeis’ Reserve Corps, Army of the United States, who will participate in Commencement exercises, ]May 3, in the ROTC ceremony will meet Tuesday, April 28, 11 a.m. in room 105, Armory, for insti notions and practice. —PULVER
Siema Delta Psi: Meetinff in room 302 of the Union at 5 p. m. Tuesday, April 28. Election of officers will bo held. Certificates for local membership are here —HANSEN
All Exponent Sophomores: Sign list in
April
Union office before 5 p. m. Monday, April 27, if you are Bomg to bo in school during the summer semester. —ARMSTRONG
Pi Tnu Sigma: Anrtual picnic will be held Wednesday, April 29, stalling at 1 p. m. Officers will bo elected and plaques distributed. Cnis will be leaving ME building at various times during the afternoon. Members planning to go, please sign sheet in ME ollice ns soon as possible —GREGORY
Pistol Team: Banquet wfll be held Wednesday, April 29, at (i :30 p. m in the Chestnut Room in the Union All who will attend, contact Essig, Dodds, or Bunker by 4 p. m. Monday at the latest —PODDS
Notices
All Male Students: All students who have completed the Advance Course ROTC, or will complete the Advanced Course ROTC by May ii, sec Important notices on 2nd floor, Armory BuUeMn boaids. —RIORDAN
Acromodelcrs: Important meetinpr Thuisday, April 30, in loom 80 of the Union. Election of ollicers. Eveiyone he suie and come. —SMITH
KISSES FOR LAMOUR—Dorothy Lamour is pretei^ding to be unimpre.ssed by the kisses ot those two gay gobs, William Holden apd,,Eddie Bracken, but she drops the hauteur in “The Fleet’s In,” new PaPanioiint comedy with music, now plajiug at the Lafayette Theatre, in which the trio star with such performers as Jimmy Dorsey and his orchestra, Betlj Hutton and many others. '
Zouaves: Those wishing to attend picnic Wednesday, Apiil 29, sign list on senior order boaid m Armoiy. —GRAF
Person Who Lost Chronograph: You mav claim it at Student Senate Lost and Found Department, or by calling Sandy at 4051. —SANDLEBIN
Alpha Phi Omega: Mott in Swedish Lounge at 7 p m, Wed. Apnl 20 to attend a Scouleis Rall> in a gioup thcjo There will ht a srunkoi and movies SCliriLLlOL
Eta Kappa Nu: Meeting for election of ofliceis will bo hold in the Reading Room ol ihc EE building at 4:00 Monday, April
-SOUTHMAYD.
Student Senate; Theie will bo a meeting of the newly elected student senate membois Tuoaclay, Apnl 28, in the Senate office, —NEFF
Military Banquet Committee: Final meeting Monday, Apnl 27. at 4pm in loom 205 of the Ainioiv. —GRAF
Society of Automotive Engineers; All members desiring to go on picnic should sign the list on the bulletin boaid in the Automotive Lab before Monday, April 27. Those who don't sign won’t get anything to cat. Particulars ot the picnic will bo sent to members via postcaid. —KEIL
Independent Staff. Dog is posted with vanous changes in column^ Stuff is due Wt'dnesdav, don’t ask to tiini it in latei. HUMPHREY
Kappa Psi: Important meeting for all actin' members in room 303 of Union on ^pnl 20, at 7:30 p m. Bring unpaid dues* —SCOTT,
Sonlliworlh’s =
Student War Council: Impoitant dinner meding of all old and new membeis at (»:30 p m . Thuisdav, April 10, in the East Reception Room ol the Union Past, jnesent, and luUiu plan*, will be discussid - DIBOS
Sophomore Military Students: All sophomoics whose names appeal on the list of those accepted lor the advance course must sign coTitiacts in the mam olTice of the Armory prior to April 25. —RIORDAN
Gala Week Cor Apnl 27, It 1 p Imporlant
lUee: Meeting Monday, in E(h Baugh’s ofiice, —DIBOS
Tau Beta Pi: Phuiuts foi seniors are now availahk S< t Vnn Vandeibilt. 12b Caiy Hall Wtst. -YOUNGBLOOD
Aeronautical Engineers: All sophomons whoso names appeal on the Advanced Course ROTC accepted list and who plan to take Aeronautical Engineeiing (Ciuriculum “A”), should ropoit to the Adjutant m !h(' mam ofiice of the Aimory without delay. —RIORDAN
Gimlets* Men initiaUd last fall can g( t th<!) keys fiom mi* •- FRASER
Agricultural Staff: Meeting is in room *102 of the Union — ARVIDSON
Roger Williams Cluli: All numbers arc uvgkd to atUnd thi annual punu at Vawt< 1's on Saturday, April 25.
Glider CIuli and Flying Club: Meet at west door ol Union at 7.30 p. m tonight with Ol without <latcs Bring one dollar - -ART
Major and Minor P-Men: Impoitant meeting m room 303 of the Union, at 7 40 p m Monday, April 27, Un election of officers Discussion of Gala Wei k banquet and blanket awards Good attendaiht desiicd —RUSH
Classified Ads
AH Agriculturist Staff Members—Tuin in l(>s at 00(0 in llu oITicl Meeting Wednesday. Apnl 29, at 7*30 m Union Building !oi picsi'iU.ition of individual awards. Room will be* announcid laUi —ARVIDSON
Coed Defense Code Class: Ccitifuates au* available m the instructors loom oi Ihe ai mory. - BURKHART
Union Board Membeis; Meet at Urno: Sunday, Apnl 2b at 12 30 for picnic HUTCHINS & NELSON
Gimlet Cluli: Meeting at Sigma Phi Epsilon house luesday, Apnl 28 Diniut at b p m New initiateb bung initiution In il >ou don t want trouble with Mcuill —FRASER
Typewriters—Adding Machines, all makes sold, reiiUd, repaired, and purchased Mimeigraph work done C J 1'hershoff, b05 Main, lalaydU. Phone* 2779
W esf minster Foundation: The annual Sluing pUTiic will be held on Sunday, April 2b 'Iho gioup will meet at the chinch at 4 10 p m and hik( to Happy Hollow EveryoiH n invited to atfeiid A cha»g<* of 15c vili 1)( mul( lor siipjier — TIfOMA
Water Ballet Group: There will he a very important practice this moining at 10 30 JOHNSON
Losf* r.UHU l.iuwn si, IP r, jO^b
'-f w.ilch '•ilvi r wilh uiK dial T I ( dlK n.
1 or SaU • P)’{) 1 ord S.d in f.ond ii ( ill '427
Alpha Phi Omega: bonnnl initiation at 5 p TO Sunday \pril 2(i in loom 455 ot the Union with tin phdges mating in the Swedi h lounge Binciint will follow at b pin ill loom 1.12 ol llu Union. SC UALLIOL
Aiinuographiitg and i\ ping—liii Hell nines, 1. i Li- (t( Stan Mu. ,Mi St i\h 12 . i\. ith llh Sl)((t I
Room loi Kent* \ la-onalk j laul lu w ttllai Td 81571
-u. Inge 12l) Mai-
SLVFN Room Modern rurnishod home f lose to t imiuis aiitoinilie lu it Phono h)7U. alto 5
Lutheran Studcnis: fhe final meeting of t)i( pM^'Cnt sinustci ot tiu Lutlui.in ''students Associ ition ot Amtiica will be \ Id al liio liome of RkV H C Stolldoif. b2G N 'Mh Stu*ot on Sunday evening, Apnl .it 7 10 pm A shoit husiiK-is nuetinr will li( (ollowcd with gamis and icfieshments E\ei\one i'» uiged to .ittcnd this nukting ANTAL
Dine Tonight | NU CHINA GRILL CJHOW MEIN — CHOP SUEY
409 Columbia SC
* 409 Columbia SC $
C|IYSTAL SALT DIPS with Plastic Spoons An Ideal Shower Gift
Many other unusual and useful gifts may be found in the DOWNSTAIRS GIFT SHOP at
[ BOOK & SOPPiy STORE
308-10 STATE ST. WEST LAFAYETTE, IND.
Southworllt’a
Per Rent: Two sinulc looms Quiet '.iiiloundings 2ib Littleton St Plioiu 2ilT
Alpha Phi Omega Pledges: Scouters Rally ching(d to WcdiU'.dav, Apnl 29 in low lor H.ill at 7 3U pm - SCHALI ION
AP4n Members: Election of ofTiceis for
LET’S STAMP OUT THE AXIS!
Scene from Walt Disney’.s “Dumbo,” teature length cartoon which hus lieen held over iit the New Main I’lieatie.
lEMPTING IMSTllY TREAT for SPRING
Nothing* is so tempting or tasty as a luscious juicy pie to top off your meal or an afternoon party.
Pies READY on two hours notice.
^hoAicmtL (pliL iBaksJuf
IT T SouTh St., Wesf Lafayette
Phone 6839
STUDENTS! IjcT’.s all play our pari iu This great Dt'IV'nst^ Program by luiyiiig stamps NOW! Come To The PURDUE UNION and BUY E S. DEFE]\SE BDIVDS and STAMPS
Shbhi
' 'iF
a
■7*3
MM