'.(. " ;i,j' u JsV? {'■> s'", ’•,'tt',,, '’"'V
f-t-i ir^'i
Boilermaker Cagers Are Hitlin' Pay birt Now— Let's Fight With 'Em
CofigratKbtioiit fo WlAA On Its New LoeeflMi In TheMeskHel
Z-18S
Dally «iiM 190«
roumlad In 1889
Volume 52. No. 109
West Lafayette, Indiana
Simdoy* Fsl»nKnT 9.1941
Dr. Sockman To Address Worship ConvoAt 10:30 Today In Hall Of Music
Riveters, 48; Maroons, 36
Church-going Boilermakers will have an opportunity to hear Dr. Ralph W. Sockman of New York City, Methodist pastor of the Christ Church and world-famous author, traveler and lecturer, address February’s worship convocation and this semester’s first religious convo this morping at 10:30 o’clock in the Music Hall. Dr. Sockman, who spoke on the campus during the first series of religious convos in 1934-’36, will speak on “The Drama of Deliverance.” From the campus he will journey to Chicago to address the famous Sunday Evening Club of the city this evening. Active Lecturer A director of the Union Theological Seminary and member of the American Society of Church History and Phi Beta Kappa, Dr. Sockman for several years conducted the National Sunday Forum over the NBC network during summer mopths, and following the death of Dr. S. Parks Cadman, Dr. Sockman alternated with Dr. Harry Emmerson Fosdick in handling the Radio Pulpit, popular Sunday radio feature. Frequent Visitor Dr. Sockman lays claim to several books, the latest “Live for Tomorrow” came off the MacMillian press about a year ago. This will be Dr. Sockman’s' fifth appearance on University religious convocations since their innovation in 1934. His first three addresses were delivered in the first three years of the convos. Choir To Sing Again The convocation, in addition to the talk by Dr. Sockman, will consist of selections by the 260-voice University Choir, and the Purdue Mens' Glee Club of 46 voices. The choir will sing “To The, 0 Lord” by Kalinnikoff and the glee club will present “Finlandia” by Sibelius. r.m.v.
Stuart Chase Will Discuss 'Where Do We
Today's Speaker Go From Here?' Tuesday In Music Hall
Stuart Chase, noted economist and author, will speak on the question “Where Do We Go From Here?” at the University convocation Tuesday evening at 8 o’clock in the Music Hall.
He is regarded as one of this country’s foremost thinkers on economics and as a man who can reduce abstract economic theories to practical terms. He is also known for his work as one of the cofounders of Consumer’s Research, Inc., and as an officer in the Labor Bureau of New York, a non profit organization which supplies techni-
cal advice to labor unions.
Chase’s most recent book, “The New.Western Front,” gives voice to the new nationalism that is sweeping America in the face-oLEurope’s
... is well-known to attendents of the university’s religious convocations during the past five years. WianckoWillLedure On Nitrate Fertilizers Professor A. T. Wiancko, head of the University agronomy department, will feature the nitrate industry of Chile in a lecture Thursday evening at 7 o’clock in the Reception Room of the Union. Since he visited South America a few years ago as guest of the Chilean Nitrate Company, Professor Wiancko will give first-hand information about the preparation and mining of this important fertilizer. The meeting, sponsored by the Agronomy Club, is open to anyone interested. j.f.a.
House Passes, By 93 Majority, The %end-Lease^ Bill Latest bulletins last night revealed that the House of Representatives had passed, by a majority of 95 votes, the famous Bill 1776, President Roosevelt’s “Lend-Lease” Jjill. Total count showed 264 representatives for the measure and 169 against the so-called “dictator bill.” Both Democrats and Republicans wandered “from the straight and narrow” as far as party lines
were concerned.
Stand-out amendment adopted into the bill reads “The value of defense articles disposed of in any way, and procured from funds heretofore appropriated, shall not exceed 10 per cent of the total amount appropriated for the defense articles during the fiscal year ending June
30, 1941.”
Speaker Rayburn told the House that this expenditul’e would be about $1,300,000,000. e.w.n.
Cage Victory Expensive; Blanken. CapL Igney Out By JOE DOLAN Exponent Sports Editor Ward Lambert’s championship-bound basketball squad won and lost last night in the Purdue Fieldhouse when it defeated Chicago, 48-36—and lost Don Blanken and Captain Bob Igney through painful arch and knee injuries. Purdue managed to defeat the Chicago club by twelve points during each half, but only^fter the Boilermakers had decided to stop playing “Hare and Tortoise” with the dangerous visitors. Loss vs. Gain
Injured
destruction and chaos, a nationalism based upon self-destruction and a knowledge that this country may be called to preserve civilization in the future. Tickets for the admission of the general public will be on sale at the door for fifty cents each. Students will be admitted by presenting their passports, J. T. Gunn, chairman of the convocation committee, said last night. The doors will open at 7:30 o’clock, e.g.k. WBAA Moves To New Home
Squashmen Downed Music Hall
By Indianapolis A C
Riveter Gruntmen Toss Findlay Matmen To The Tune Of 26-5; Lose Only One Match Coach Claude Reeck’s wrestling squad started their weekend jaunt off on the right foot last Friday, by tossing the Findlay grunters around to the tune of 26-5. After the Findlay match the Boilermakers moved eastward where they met Ohio State at Columbus last night
Start Bight Out
The Riveters started picking up points right away by winning their first three matches by falls. Fredricks, Siekman, and Foster were the trio that ended up on top of their
opponents.
The Boilermaker rout Continued at a somewhat slower pace with all of the invaders winning except Papurca and Evanston. Papurca drew with Hummah in the 146 pound class, and Evanston lost a decision to Hall in the 176 pound class.
Sammorr
121 Ifc.—^Predaricka (P) pinned Monaeno
(F)
128 lb.—Siekman (P) pinned Ham (F< 186 lb.—^Foster (Pj pinned Draden (F, 146 Ib.—Papnrea (P) drew Humman (F, 166 Ib.—Britt (P) beat Feigatner (F)
■■ "■■■ • i (P) beat Sheidon_
166 lb.176 lb.-
Heavyweight—^Jtuggerie
Hlinka
176 lb.—^Hall (F) beat Evanaton
-Ru
(P) beat Gren
The Boilermaker wrestling aguad garnered their second triumph to as many days yesterday jaftemoon when they defeated Ohio State, 17« 13.
beat Beahera br default
SvmmsiT 121 B*.—^Frederloka (P) (OB) 128 Iba.—Thwnaa (8) wen over Siekman (P) 166 Iba.—Foater (P) beat Lyona (08) 146 Iba.—Wolfe (OS) beat Papurca (P) 166 Iba.—Montamaro (OS) pinned Britt 166 Iba.—Glinka (P) beat Novak (OB) 176 Bw.—Evanaton (P) pinned Bndfteld (OS) Heavyweight—Ruggerlo (P) beat ThompBon (08)
Engineering Students To Hear Yarnell State Opportunities In USNR Opportunities offered to junior and senior'engineering students by the U. S. Naval Reserve will be explained by Rear Admiral H. E. Yarnell tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock in the lecture room of the Electri-
cal Engineering Building.
Admiral Yarnell and five other officers will conduct interviews starting at 9 o’clock Tuesday in the corridor between the Music Hall and the Executive Building. According to D. L. Arm, acting director of personnel, students do not need appointments for intelrviews, but may merely report to headquarters some time Tuesday when interviews will
be arranged. r.e.f.
Phi Kappa
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Joe Bower, ME ’48, of Hammond, and Frank Klumpe, ME, ’44, of Lafayette, and Jack Rhoda, ME’ 44.
Squad Yesterday, 3-2 In spite of the snow and the cold, the Indianapolis Athletic Club came north yesterday and in. a bitterly fought squash meet forced the Riveters to bow, 4-3. Thus, they retained possession of their coffee-pot for another year and made the total score to date 3-2 in lAC’s favor. Riveters Rally After dropping far behind early in play, the Gold and Black racqueteers put on a desperate rally to tie the score near the end of the meet, but were unable to continue the pace long enough to win. Mann, Allen and LaBree were the only Boilermakers able to tally victories against the visitozs. Fant and Adams openad the meet for the Boilermakers by dropping their matchra 3-0 to R. Bums and Teany of Indianapolis. However, Riveter captain Jim Mann came through in fine style ■vrith a 3-0 victory over Wood. Unfortunately, Green then dropped-one to I AC player W. Burns and the score stood I AC 3, Riveters 1. It was at this point in the meet that faculty men Allen and LaBree, playing beautiful squash, downed Roberts and Rand by respective scores of 3 to 1 and 3 to 0. However, Norm Goldstein, a sophomore on the Riveter team, lost to Geller in a match that went the route of five full games. In the past two meets of this annual three-match series both the Gold and Black team and Indianapolis'had won one each. In the first meet, the Riveters went to Indianapolis and lost, and then the IA C boys came up here and lost also. Quite differently from the system under which the present meet was staged, the previous two were held with 12 men on each side, \ Next week-end the team will journey to Chicago '^here they will play the Dearborn Squash Club. Following this, on February 22, Coach Clevett and his men will go to Louisville, Ky., for two more matches. j.8.k.
WBAA can now call the Music Hall “home,” G. D. Williams, director of ^he station, said today. Studio facilities have been moved from the Electrical Engineering Building to the basement of the Hall of Music from whence will issue the first broadcast tomorrow
morning at 11 o’clock.
Three separate studios will be maintained in the new quarters. This makes it possible to conduct auditions all day in the extra studios instead of having to do them after hours, as was necessary under the old set-up. One of the three is an audience studio with a stage and seating room for 76 persons. Transmitters and the rest of the mechanical apparatus is still housed in the Electrical Engineering Building. The new studios may be reached through the doors beneath the bridge connecting the Music Hall with the Executive Building. r.r.r. AWS Training School Meets Tomorrow At 4 Tomorrow at 4 o’clock the Associated Women Students, formerly WSGA, will open its training school for freshmen workers in the AWS office on the second floor of the Union. The purpose of the school is to explain the work of the organization’s various committees to freshmen interested in working pn the activity during this semester. At this first meeting, discussion of the work of the housing and activities committee will be led by their respective chairmen, Eleanor Pink and June Close. The two other committees, on which freshmen may work, the May Day and the office committees, will be discussed by iheir chairmen at the school’s second meeting on February 17. Since this is the first A. W. S. freshmen callout, all girls interested in the activity are urged to come \ tomorrow afternoon. p;h.
Exponent Staff
AH Expmient poll baUots should be turned to to the office not later
than 4 o’dodi tononrow.
There weren’t a lot of beautiful and thrilling plays to encourage a little combustive noise in the crowd, but there were plenty of groans when the rubber-limbed Blanken went down following Igney’s exit via the injury route. A play near the center of the floor sent Purdue’s consistent-playing captain off the court on the shoulders of two managers. That happened with 12 minutes left in the second half and Piggy’s cagers leading 38-31. With five minutes left Don Blanken also went down in a heap under the Chicago basket while on defense.
Seriousness of th^ injuries caused Dr. S. J. Miller to send Igney and Blanken to St. Elizabeth’s hospital, where the Riveter cage captain’s left knee, lateral ligaments apparently torn, was placed to a cast. Blanken appeared to have sustained a severe arch injury.
. . . last night in the Chicago game were Boilermaker captain. Bob Igney, above, who suffered a pulled ligament" in his knee, and
Don Blanken, above, who strained a tendon in his heel. While Blanken is expected to return to practice <hi Wednesday, Igney will be out of action until next Saturday’s battle with Ohio State.
LATE SCORE \ The only other Big Ten score available to the Exponent as it went to press last night: v Ohio State 49; Iowa 44
Paul (Curley) Armstrong, the Hoosier's high-scortog forward, haa been lost to the Indiana Squad fer the balance of the season. The Fmrt Wayne netter, who scored 180 points last year, was denied an examination to make a scholastic deficiency.
Spot Maroons Eight Points' The Riveter team started in a half-hearted fashion to emulate the great runner who wanted “to give his opponent a chance,” and these ' Chicago babies weren’t any of these “Naw, we can’t take it’* fellows; they jumped to a sudden 12-4 lead, before the local crowd finally caught on to the fact that their silence wasn’t doing any good. Frosty Sprowl drove under for -i a score cutter, the count 12-6; Chicago’s Fons made a free throw, but Purdue’s crowd was yelling—so the Boilermakers moved. Blanken followed one of his “March Hare” heaves for a basket, and Purdue trailed, 12-8. Sprowl hit a difficult back-hand shot at close range, and Blanken tied the ball game at 12-12 from underneath the hoop. Yelling Distracted Maroons The student body was awake now, and yelling so loud that the Windy City club became distracted between whistles. Lambert signaled for n pressure defense, and Chicago went all to blazes trying to get the ball across the middle line. Frantic Maroon passes led to a retaliating ^ (Continued on page 4) Philosopher Of Race Relations Will Speak On Program Tonight Under the auspices of the Purdue Religious Council James L. Farmer, leading negro student, wiU apeak mi the race relations program at 7:S(I o’clock this evening to the West Faculty Lounge of the Union. His topic is “Minorities in Democnuty.** Farmer, now attending Howardi university, Washington, Dt. C4 ia u graduate student to philoaoi^ eh* . der Howard Thurman. He is a her of many imtional dubs and sucieties, among diem the National Council of Methodist Youth, the Fellowship of Recondliaticm and thq Middle Atlantic Student ..Movement, \ He will visit the University cq hto, way firom Chicago where Im has been attending a three-dey seeslim of the NCMY exe^ewnmittea. rjr.r.^aqiL 2~7lsiWA.
Sunday, February 9,1941
fiju/ulwL SxpomnL
t i
Ether Edits By Gordon Griffin
Here are a few brief highlights for yonr listening pleasure during the next few days: ‘‘Lincoln: The War Years,'' the Cavalcade of America award-winning drama of 1940, will be repeated by popular request with Raymond Massey in the title role he created last year, on liincoln'B Birthday, Wednesday at 0:30 p. m. over NBC-Red. . . . Tonight, at 6:30 over the same network, the Andrews sisters, with Bob Strong’s orchestra, will cut loose on “Prenesi” and “Amapola” on the Bandwagon broadcast from Chicago. ... At 7:00, if you leave your dial untouched, the battle of the century will take place — Charlie McCarthy vs Mickey Rooney with Edgar Bergen lost somewhere in the shuffle . . . then, at 7:30 without having to move from your easy chair, One Man’s Family lets you in on the further adventures of Hazel’s new roomer and Cliff’s inferiority complex. . . . Tuesday night: Horace Heidt and his Musical Knights will broadcast their Treasure Chest program from Chicago at 7:30 p. m. over NBC-Blue. . . . Another “Whodunnit” whistles through the Inner Sanctum ether at 8:35 over NBC-Blue when we hear the solution of the “Mystery of the Howling Dog,” involving a condemned Hindu, who threatens to return from the electric chair reinliarnated as aThurderous be^ast and“ haunts the judge who sentenced him. Maxwell To Show ASME Material Haadling Film “Hundred Horsepower Hands,” a motion picture describing methods of handling materials in many of our modem industries, is being brought to the campus Tuesday under the auspices of the local chapter of ASME. This picture will be shown in room 207 of the Union at 4 o’clock with Maxwell C. Maxwell, who is touring this movie for ^he national ASME, as lecturer. Guests of the local chapter are welcome to attend the meeting.
the purdue exponent Entered «s second class matter at the post office in L<afayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic ye&T and weekly durlutf tlic Suiiiiut;i sion. Delivered locally by carried for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.50.
Editor-in-Chief Business Manager
R. W. Donahue Merle Hagemeyer
Night Editor: Purcell Issue Elditor: Kunnion Day Editor: Millei Night Sports Editor: Adamson Staff: D. M. Black. P. E Burkhart, J. F Amos, M. J. Fox, R. B. Fisher, E. G. Kieper, K. A. Eloseon, E. W. Nordlinger, S G. Peterson, C. V. Fisher, P. Howard, and J. S. Keeler.
Prom Committee Report In accordance with our party platform, I, Damon Elder, in behalf of the entire Progressive Prom Committee do hereby present to all students the present situation regarding a prom band. As yet, no definite arrangements have been made with any band, but the prom date, April 18, is in the hands of all booking agents. These agents have knowledge of the fact that we are able to pay the top price for a band. Our best leads at this time are coming from the General Amusement Corporation who handles the five top bands in the nation. As yet, they have given us no definite available dates. This is because of the ruling that no contract is good for more than 15 days previous to the engagement and this contract can be broken by the band within two weeks of the engagement if they offer a valid reason. The difficulty arises out of the fact that all top bands prefer long-term contracts, preferring to stay on one location instead of traveling about. This situation makes it possible to get top bands only when they aie enroute from one engagement to another or are on an extended tour. Long-term engagements and radio contracts prevent bands from playing one-night stands. That is, some sponsors will not permit their tal-
ent to play other engagements. Important transactions will be published again at a later date. Damon R. Elder, Band Chairman, Prom Committee.
Proku CommittM: Meeting Tuesday, February 11, in room 261 of the Union at 4 p. m. Please be there. —WOLFF.
ing, February 10.
-BURKHART.
Classified Ads
FOR RAUt
new All
Typewriters and adding machines, and used, for sale, rent and repaired. makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Eberahoff, 606 Main St. Phone, 2779.
FOR RENT For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 2407.
Wanted: Student furniture salesman, afternoons during spare time. Must have two years or more experience. Apply at Heifer’s Furniture Company. Room and Boi^d for three boys; automatic hot water, stoker heat. 281 Pierce, Phone 76601.
Notices
Interviewing Committee: Compulsory meeting of freshman interviewing committee Monday, February 10, at 4 p. m. Call pages assigned in directory before Monday. —GRAHAM.
All Students: Dance tryouts for Union show Monday, Febi’uary 10, at 4 p. m. in tower room of Union. —WELLS.
Make-up Examinations in ME Courses: Make-up examinations to remove I and C grades will be given in ME 11, 62 and 63 on Saturday, February 22, at 1 p. m. in room 301 of ME Building. "111036 intending to take exams notify me before February 18. —AULT.
UaienKite Oime /
One of the nicest customs is that of sending Valentines to I those you love. ^ We have a complete display i of HALLMARK Valentines ^ with appropriate sentiments for | almost any friend or member of the family. I
Now is the time to make your selection.
'HMMECCK^gimYflTM 108-10 tIATE fTREn mn kAFAYSTTl W^6^
Oft
\yentitte’s Day with WHITMAN’S CANDY
Hundreds of Boxes of Candy for the One of Your Choice Countless VALENTIIE CARDS A WOMAN never Forgets A MAN who Remembers.
DEAC'S
ASCB: Meeting Wednesday, February 12, at 7:80 p. m. in room 201 of the Civil Engineering Building. —McCAMMON.
Serivcners: Meeting Sunday, February 9, at 7 ;30 p. m. in room 261 of the Union. —RIEGLE.
Co-ed Riflery: Class practice Feb. 6, 9, 10, 12, 18. Three practices are required. OlaM matchea Feb. 18 and 20. —BLAGRAVE.
Episcopal Students: Celebration of Holy Communion Sunday, February 9, 9 a. m. at University Presbyterian Church, 802 North Street. —THORNTON. All Students: Motion pictures and brief talk on Coast Guard and Coast Guard Academy with information regarding appointments to Coast Guard Academy by Lieut. O, C. Wev of the U. S. Coast Guard in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building at 4 p. m. Thursday, February 18. —WORKMAN.
member not attending must place a written explanation in my box. —MEESE.
Freshman Football: Numeral sweaters may be called for in the Fieldhouse equipment nxnn. —PHILLIPS.
Metallurgy 110 Students: Page proofs have arrived. Classes resumed Wednesday, February 12. —BRAY.
Registration Workers: Students who worked for ;the Registrar during the second semester registration may get their checks by calling at the Registrar’s office. —STONE. ASME Members: Fins and charms for those who ordered them before Christmas vacation will be distributed at the Feb. 11th meeting in room 363 of the Union. —ROCKWOOD. _ Military Code Classes: Students who participated in code instruction last semester should contact Sgt. Allen this week to make arrangements for instruction during this semester. Classes will start Monday even-
PIA Board: Meeting in PIA office Monday, February 10, at 4 :30 p. m. —MUSSER.
Freshmen Union Workers: Important meeting Monday, February 10, at 4 p. m. in room 863 of the Union. The following report for the Music Room Committee: B. Allemang, J. Barr, R. Gallatin, V. Goss, G. O’Neil, J. MulhoIIand, S. Smucker, P, Thomas, E. Wajtowicz, A. Christy, and D. Crane. -FELLOWS and CARPENTER.
Scabbard And Blade: Formal meeting on Tuesday, February IL at 7 :30 p. m. In the East Reception Room of the Union. Any
HELD OVER!
THRU WEDNESDAY GINGER ROGERS
—08 America's White-Coliar Girl, in Christopher MoHey's
NORGAN-CRJUG EDUARDO CIANNELU • ERNEST COSSART • CHADTS COOPER Directed by SAM WOOD
LUHA
TYRONE POWER
in the most famous of all screen roles!
Nights and Sundays 35c Week Day Matinees 25c (Tax Included) Children Allways 10c TODAY - MONDAY -TWO FEATURE HITS— TROUBLE on the BARBARY COASTI
LINDA DARNELL BASIL RATHBONE rMOOTjfoo'tOvi RAYMOND WALBURN • ESTHER RAISTON ROBERT ARMSTRONG • IjEWIS HOWARD
Starts TODAY
urmnsne
Sigma Delta Chi: Pledges and actives please meet at 3:45 p. m. in the Exponent office Sunday, February 9, for initiation. Pledges please bring their initiation fee. —McKEE.
ARC
— TODAY - MONDAY —
LITTLE OLD
FAYE •MacMURRAY* GREENE BRINDA JOYCE ANDY OlVINI . HINRY JTlfHIMtOM , FRITZ FCID , 20th Century-Fox Picture
. —AND—• THRILL TO YOUNG AMERICA ON
A COtUMBIA PtCTURE ALSO
'DONALD DUCK'
Her heart will flutter with joy when she receives your Valentine Package of ScHrafft’s CHOCOLATES We have Schrafft^s delightful candies for your selection in heart-shaped and other beautiful Valentine boxes, 60fi t©'$1.50 a pound.
'v'nnngnnwT
ns
MIT UkTAVCTTg
MAMS -NOW PLAYING-
At lad on the screen I Jeteph Cenrad'i sreolpd South Sees love thrillerl mumr AN t&LAND TAIE A Patamount Picture witii Sir Cedric Hardwicke .Jerome CowanfiuhdusL £xpomnL
Sunday, Fubraory 9,1941
fi/cupL 3 ^
Listen^ Young Man In Quest of Her Valentine Gift. . .
Come to the Store She’d Think of First and We’ll Assure You Special Attention May We Suggest from oUr varied stocks things she’ll love and admire and cherrish not ji^st on Valentine Day but for months ahead., A lovely bottle of French perfume in her favorite scent or a handsome compact by Volupte. Jewelry in the latest variations, featuring patriotic creations. Equisite lingerie, a little personal perhaps, yet gratefully received. Nylon hose or Chiffon stockings, both very appropiate as gifts. Dainty handkerchiefs with lace edges, hand embroidered importation and lovely new printed effects. In keeping with the times, a new handbag made from imported British saddle leather. Gloves to shield her pretty hands. A Ronson lighter for her pocketbook . . . and so many, many more ideal gift suggetsions displayed on Valentine hearts all over the store.
Cinder Stars Train For Illinois Relays Yesterday afternoon found the members of the Boilermaker track squad again working out on the indoor track in the Fieldhouse. Although ineligibilities still have the ranks of the team thinned, the team as a whole is rapidly coming into shape for the indoor Illinois Relays. When the thinlies meet Illinois on February 15 they will be minus the services of Forest “Jake” Weber, who fractWd his ankle in a pile-up during basketball practice Wednesday night. Jake, who holds the Riveter record for the shot-put, will be unable to participate in any sport for at least a month due to this injury. In spite of this untimely loss, the Riveter team will meet Illinois with a full team of approximately thirtytwo men led by All-American Dave Rankin. Dave has been in active training since the close of the grid
Toddle In For %O^Winks^
Surprise! We Sleep 7 Hours And Up
season, and' should be able to make a strong bid at Illinois. Although the hurdles are his main forte, he scored consistently in the dashes, high jump, shot put, and broad jump in various meets, and frequently led the Boilermakers in the scoring column. In the all-around fight against a select field at Illinois, Rankin will compete in seven events: the pole vault, broad jump, half-mile run, 76 yard dash, 76 yard high hurdles, high jump, and shot put. Coach Phillips is counting heavily on Rankin for points during the dual meet season as well as in the Big Ten indoor championship which will be held here for the first time in history on Friday and Saturday, March 7-8. w.h.h.
THE SWEETEST GIFT YOU CAN GIVE Send a Box of Delicious SCHRAFFTS or BUNTE Valentine Candy to Sweetheart, Mother, Sister FREE—Your Valentine wrapped and mailed up to 150 miles. Choose a Valentine Card from Our Large Selection Valentines Day Is February 14th University Book Store Across from the Union— M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29 R. W. “Doc” Epple, *40
(By Student Opinion Surveys) AUSTIN, Texas, February 9. — Parents who worry about their college sons and daughters not getting enough sleep -will find comfort in the figures compiled in this study of Student Opinion Surveys of America. Collegians who say they sleep less than seven hours each night constitute orily one fifth of the national student body. The other four-fifths get at least seven hours, and of the total 7 per cent say they spend nine or more hours under the covers. ^ Turning from the field of attitude measurements, the surveys tljrough its national polling machinery has asked a sampling of all types of students, “How many hours a night do you usually sleep?” It was found that women, by their own admission, sleep more than do men. Lower-classmen (freshmen and sophomores) spend more time in bed than do upper-classmen (juniors, seniors and graduates). Note in the following breakdown how the percentages tend to increase among the longer sleepingperiods for women, while they tend to decrease in the column for men:
Sleep per night 5 or less hours
6 hours 17 7 hours ‘ 37
8 hours
9 hours 7
All Men Women
4%
4%
3%
17
19
15
■37
38
35
33
31
36
7
6
10
2
2
1
Whites i^eat Reds 46-30 In Fresh Tilt As a prelude to the Chicago game last evening, Dutch Pehring sent two picked teams of yearling basketeers into a practice foray which saw a White team roll op a 46 to 30 -victory over a Red team. In all, 20 freshmen hopefuls took part in the contest, which was highlighted by excellent passing, shooting and general ball-handling. Anxious to make a good showing, the Rhinies were guilty of occasional defensive maneuvers, with fouls, lost balls, stepping and jump-balls being numerous. Bob Chester, hard driving fullback on the frosh football squad and a Vincennes product, displayed a fine brand of aggressiveness and was capable on the offense and defense. Dutch used every man on his roster and made liberal substitutions throughout the game. The offensive luminaries were A1 Menke with 12 points representing six field goals, and Jumpin’ Jack Swantz, six feet, five inches of basketball player from Reilly of South Bend, who rang up nine counters on thred field goals and a like number of fouls. Seven of the 1944 class measm-e six feet two or better, while only six are under tha'j coveted mark.
The table below shows how added activity or longer study on the schedules of upper - classmen cut
dr “eight hours daily. Lower- UpperSleep per night: classmen classmen
down sleep. But the survey revealed '
5 hours or less .
- 4%
.5%
no evidence that during the normal
6 hours
.. 16
19
college day there is any wholesale
7 hours
.. 34
41
studying in the “wee-small hours.”
8 hours
.. 35
30
The majority of students, the cross-
9 hours
.. 9
5
sortings bring to light, sleep seven
10 hoiiVs or more
- 2
1
THE UNION'S Comfortable Lounges . . . Modern Bowling Alleys . . . Quiet Browsing Room . . . Popular Puttering Room i . . Classical Music Room.
Represents AMUSEMENT AND RECREATION AT ITS VERY BEST —i—
JhsL fiWlduSL
TlfUimiruaL Unlotv The Corner of the Campus-^ Yet the Center of Activities'I
^atja U~-‘SfajJdA
Boilermaker Swimmers Sink Ft. Wayne 'Y' Mermen, 66-18 Turning their backs on a few early season misfortunes, the Boilermaker swimming team took another step along the victory trail yesterday afternoon and decisively defeated the Ft. Wayne YMCA swimmers 66-18. This, the third straight victory for Coach Dick Papenguth's men, was doubly welcome since it appeared to be an easy win over a “Y” squad well known as one of the best in the country.
Only one Ft. Wayne swimmer was able to chalk up a victory over the Riveter men. That swimmer was Vogel, a Ft. Wayne high school senior, who is also the YMCA 60-yard free style champion of Indiana. In this event, Carney, Lake and Branner were entered for the Boilermakers and Carney and Lake took second and third places, respective-
ly. ' '
In the 300-yard medley relay, McCredy, Williamson and Kratzer scored a victory for the Gold and Black and in addition almost lapped the vistors. This was I'ather typical of the way the whole meet went. Time after time the Riveters won going away, and a long distance away it was. In the diving contest, Farkas and Ochstein took first and second places, respectively, while Stettler of Ft. Wayne placM third. On the whole, the meet showed that the Riveters, in spite of their misleading showing against Northwestern and Michigan, were fully capable of continuing what they started last week-end.
Sunday. February 9.1941
^UhdjllisL£^
Snmmary . 300 yard medley relay—1st, Purdue; 2nd, Ft. Wayne. Time 3:13.9. 220 yard free style—Ist, Siler (P) ; 2nd, Branner (P) ; 3rd, Daler (FW). Time, 2 :25.8. 60 yard free style.—1st, Vogel (FW) ; 2nd, Carney (P) : 3rd, Lake (P). Time, :24.9. Diving—let, Farkas (P) ; 2nd, Ochstein, (P) : 3rd, Stettler (P). 100 yard free style—^Ist, Kratzer (P) : 2nd, Ancker (P) ; 8rd, Krempf (FW). Time, 1:47.2. 200 yard breast stroke—Ist, Tingley (P); 2nd, McCay (P) ; 3rd, Snyder (FW). Time. 2:46.7. 440 yard free style—1st, Horn (P) ; 2nd, Krueck (P) ; 3rd. Stettler (FW). Time, 5:31.2 400 yard relay—^Ist, Purdue; 2nd, Ft. Wayne, Time, 3:46.4.
This Afternoon At 3:45 Sigma Delta Chi, national professional journalistic fraternity, will hold formal initiation for its 18 pledges this afternoon at 3:46 o’clock in the Exponent office. Initiates will include: M. W, Adams and G. S. Abshire, Agriculturist; J, C. McElroy and G. O, Gale, Engineer; I. H. Selkowitz and G. S. Griffin, Independent; J. L. Traugott, R. M. Skallerup, L. W. Ruffner, J. A. Purcell, N. A. Ochiltree, W. E. Heaton, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim, and J. F. Adamson, Exponent; D. S. Greenwood, G. W. Fletcher and R.
F. Shively.
Ice Carnival Forms PWC Dance Theme An ice carnival theme will form the nucleus for the Purdue Women’s Club annual formal dinner and ball tomorrow night in both ballrooms of the Union. Dinner will be served at 7 o’clock in the south ballroom and dancing will start at 9 o’clock, Mrs. Lloyd event, said last night. Three hundred and fifty reservations have been made for the din-ner-dance and the ice carnival theme will be carried out by the table decorations and the orchestra back-
drop. k.k.
Riveters, 48; Maroons, 36 (Continued from page 1)
fast break that swept the Chicagoans ^Injost out on State Road 62. Igney and Wageriburg traded baskets, then Horsie Riley entered the game. Caress drove under to put Purdue ahead, 16-14. Don Blemker hit his southpaw shot-put specialty, and the Gold and Black began to “percolate.” Riley hit a beautiful merry-go-round fake-and-pivot, and then passed long and accurately to Sprowl for a lead of 22-14. Nelson connected from far out for the visitors, but his efforts were nullified by goals by Igney and Riley. Riley scored again from under the hoop, and Blanken and the great Stampf traded buckets for the final salute before the band took over for the intermission. Stampf vs. Caress Two exCeptiohally great ball
players lived up to reputations set thus far this season. Stampf, the Maroons’ leading scdrer was deadly frona all -over the foul Circle with his right han<fi while Red Caress continued his great goal-protecting that started with the recent Indiana game. The renaissance started by this fighting, red head has made Purdue six inches taller around the defensive hoop. Summary Purdue (48) FG Ft PF Igney, f 2 1 1 Sprow], f ,....,— 6 1 6 Blanken, c B 1 8 Blemker, g ..; 2 0 0 Caress, g ;. 2 0 ,4 Riley, ' f-g ..: 3 1 3 Fields, f ....5. 2 0 0 Adams, g 0 0 0 Totals 22 4 II Chicago (86) FG FT PF Fons, f 8 2 2 Nelson, f 4 ,0 0 Stampf, c 4 . 4 8 Wagenburg, g ; 2 0 1 Crosbie, g i 1 2 8 Shaver, f 0 0 0 McMahon, g 0 0 0 Totals .....14 8 9
We Have What It Takes MR. STUDENT to photograph you as a man should be photographed: • Qulekly-^with no waste of your tlmel • Characteristically SCOBEE'S STUDIO
105 Northwestern
Phoiie 2343
NOTICE Owing to a Conflict with the Stuart Chase Convocation the A. S. M. E. meeting will be held at 4:00 p. m. in M. E. 207 on Tuesday, Feb. 11th The morning meeting in E. E. 29, to hear Mr. Hanley, will be held as announced.
Memorial Services Charles L Hitchcock
... former University student, is one of the 356 future pilots who completed basic flight training at Randolph Field, Texas, aviation’s “West Point of the Air,” on February 7. ■ -
BALLROOM DANCING CLASSES NOW BEING ORGANIZED BEGINNER’S ENROLL WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 7:00 P. M. BOTH LADIES AND GENTLEMEN " ARE ENROLLED TO EXPERIENCED DANCERS WE OFFER YOU THE LATEST DANCES RUMBA, LATEST FOX-TROTS, HESITATION WALTZ ENROLL THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 7:00 P. M. INDIANA'S LARGEST DANCING SCHOOL ALLEN^S * Perry Su. Phone 2150
'*1
CHOCOLATES to