i f X
m i
j-..
■ :" '' ■ \
';■ ,
'! ^ iy -e% S'* . I
Sfewart^s Follies Draws Big Crowd 'Question Mark Convo' Startles Patrons As Screwy Door Prizes Liven Evening By William Sewers Music show held in the Music Hall last night before a crowd of approximately 4,500 students and townspeople showed that people like to sing and like to hear songs that they know. The whole program was mixed with the “Hellzapoppin” brand of humor, of which A1 Stewart was master of ceremonies. Examples of the type of humor were door prizes which consisted of a large cake of ice, a small chicken, a medium sized tree of unknown species, a large box of tremely small flowers, and several clusters of eggs. The whole audience was under the calm scrutiny of C. S. “Pop” Doan, math professor, who was provided with an easy chair, lamp and footrest, not to mention a cigar, on the right side of the stage. Alpha Tau Omega, Pi Beta Phi Win Winners of the fraternity and sorority song contests were Alpha Tau Omega and Pi Beta Phi, both of whom sang chapter songs. Community singing furaished the rest of the persons in the audience with a chance to show what their own vocal chords were capable of producing. In addition to all this there were also specialty acts of which the singing of tiie “Plantation Boys”, a negro quartet, composed of members of International House, was outstanding. Evidently the woi-d “plantation” can be quite flexible as only one of these boys came from the deep south—namely Terre Haute. Uitiversity Choir The University Choir sang “Sit Down, Servant” and “Carioca”, the Glee Club, featuring a quartet, told the audience that “There Are Such Things”, and the Concert Choir went to the blues for “Mood Indigo”. It can truly be said that at last evening’s convo, there was something going on all the time, whether in fun or not, and that the Universitytype of audiences seem to like to take part m and watch an informal convocation of this type. Coeds Prove They Can Take It By Doing Calisthenics, Hurdling Obstacles In Gym
Established 1889
" Rommel’s Rottin’!
Volume 55, No. 120
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, April 11/ T943
Graduation Week Begins Monday
April 17 Marks Easter Convo T wo Gigantic Choirs Will Aid .... . ,, ■ i ri_: . ...... r*....... WAA HoldS
Modern Dance, Triton Perform Coeds on the campus are rapidly changing to junior commandos. Anyone attending the physical fitness program last night is convinced that they certainly have a good start. The big crowd packing the Women’s Gymnasium certainly got a lot of enjoyment watching the girls race over the hastily contrived obstacle course, and the eds groaned with the girls as they watched them at their calisthenics. First part of the progi’am was a swimming demonstration by the Triton Club where, in perfect unity, the group of gills went through their entrance requirements. Then one of the|n (she must have been stuffed) came out wearing a size 42 bathing suit and as a result of her red and white striped top she didn’t create much of a streamlined look for “A Day at the Beach”. The crowd applauded as the swimmingquartet, Price, Smith, Heekard and Harrison, made a perfect cartwheel. Little Difficulties Some of the girls seemed to have had a little difficulty with their bathing suits, one having ruined four rubber suits during the show. Next the Life Saving Corps with Dotty Doddridge as leader gave a demonstration of different methods of rescuing a drowning person. Last and most beautiful part of the program was the forpiation of the Triton emblem when, with all the lights out, the girls lighted candles to form the emblem and' make a V for victory. After the Triton Club program ever-yone rushed upstairs in order not to miss a moment of the much publicized physical fitness program. First the girls did a bit of fast marching. First aid carries were demonstrated. The eds seemed to enjoy the saddle back cany the most but they seemed to doubt the girls’ ability at picking up the patient and carrying her across their back. Last of all the girls ran over the ill-famed obstacle course. Those girls are I’eady for induction into th^WAACS or WAVES any day. Last On Program Last on the program was the Modern Dance Club. They showed .some of their fundamental rhythmic techniques after which they did some Spanish American Dances. The audience was perfectly quiet as the girls did a very different and fascinating bolero. The Physical Education Department should be complimented on the excellent program la.st night. They all did a fine job. Dr. W. A, Anderson
University Musical Groups Easter convocation of passion week music will be given Saturday, April 17,' at 8:15 p. m. in the Hall of Music. The program will be the last convocation for worship given this se-
mester.
Both a children’s and an adult choir will be featured on the program which will include selections by three orchestras. Choirs and orchestras will be combined for the final numbers which will be directed by Miss —
Julia Sheehan, supervisor of vocal music of Lafayette elementary schools, and A. P. Stewart, director of musical organizations and chairman of
the pi-ogram.
Children’s Choir of 600 Voices The children’s choir will be made up of six bundled grade school children selected from Lafayette and
... of the veterinary department,
will serve the University as an in- ^ spector of meat and meat-food Siama Xi products to be prepared for con- ^
sumption by the military and naval personnel stationed at the University. Anderson is receiving two weeks instruction under supei--vision of Army veterinary officers in Indianapolis and Ft. Benjamin Harrison for this specialized field
of veterinary activity.
Telrault To Lecture Monday Afternoon In Stanley Coulter Hall Dr. P. A. Tetrault’s lecture on “Bacterial Decomposition of Cellulose’.’ is'to be on Monday, April 19, at 4:00 p. m. instead of April 12 as originally scheduled. The talk will be given in room 111 of Stanley Coulter Hall. Dr. Tetrault is going to tell how cellulose can be obtained from waste fai-m products by fermentation for use in solvents. This should be of interest to all Biology, Agriculture students as well as .to students specializing in Biochemistry. Dr. Tetrault has conducted extensive studies on bacterial decomposition for many years and has supervised many thesis written on this subject. Army Promotes Former Student To Lieut. Colonel Promtion to the rank of Lieutenant Colonel in the Engineers Corps at the age of 26 is the achievement of Frank Milner who graduated from the University in the school of Civil Engineering in
1937.
After his graduation, Milner took graduate work in his school and was employed on the Highway Research Project for a year. He enlisted in the Corps of Engineering at that time, and was assigned to
Fort Belvoir, Virginia.
In 1940 the Army sent him to the University of California to complete his graduate work for a Master’s degiee, which he received in May, 1941. After obtaining his degree, he was sent with, the Air Force to Pearl Harbor until September, 1942. At that time he returned to the United States to train new engineering units. At present lie is Avith the 841st Engineer Aviation Battalion in Leesburg, Florida.
Funk Will Give Recital Today
Paul Funk of the Indiana Univenpity School of Music will play at the Student Union Music Program at 4 p. m. today in the Music Room of the Union. Lasting about an hour, the program will contain selections from the works of contemporary as well as classical composers. Students and faculty are cordially invited according to John Woolling, Union vice-president.
Hockema Advises
ERC's Not To Register
For Next Semester
Professor Frank C. Hockema has advised all members
West Lafayette grade schools. The of fhe Army Enlisted Reserve adult choir will include the Univer- register next se-
mester. In giving this advige, Prof. Hockema stated that according to the latest word received, orders to report for induction will be received by the reservists in the near future. The orders will probably be sent to the reservist’s home address due to the coming vacation. The date of induction will probably be about two weeks after the end of the present term or as soon after
that date as is practicable.
Industry Needs
More Scrap
Copper, bronze, and j)rass scrap is needed by industry, it has been announced by the district salvage chief of the Indianapolis War Pro-
duction Board Salvage Division.
Industries and individuals have been asked by Hamilton W. Wright, head of the Industrial Salvage Branch of the War Production Boai’d, to use proper waste material
sity Choir, Central Presbyterian Choir, the Tippecanoe County Home Economics Chorus, the Paul Tincher Smith Memorial Choir and mem-
bers of other choirs.
Orchestras which will participate in the program are the University Orchestra directed by Joseph M. Ragains, Jefferson High School Orchestra directed by Claude Lucas, and the West Lafayette High School Oichestra directed by Marshall
Howenstein.
Everyone Invited
Pres. E. C. Elliott will give a short address and Rev. Eugene R. Balsley will give the benediction. Soloists will he Trent Knepper, baritone; Carolyn Wood, contralto, and Mrs. Albert P. Stewart, soprano. Students, faculty and the general public are invited to attend the program which will be open to the pub-
lic free of charge.
Seven ME's Visit Chicago For Contest Travelling to Evanston, Illinois, this week-end are seven students
and two faculty representatives of channels in getting scrap metals to
the University ASME branch who will represent the University at the annual regional meeting of the ASME at Northwestern University. Technical Sessions Featured m this meeting will be a series of technical sessions at which competitive papers will be presented by representatives of each of the schools participating. Accompanying M. L. Clevett, senior ME who will speak on “Submerged - Combustion Steam Generation,” will be D. M. Badger, M. Evanson, J. T. Kimbiell, R. H. Klega, S. R. Lloyd, D. Pliske, Prof. H. A. Bolz, and Pi of. R. W. Leut-
wiler.
industries that need them. He asked that all idle, unusable copper, brass and bronze scrap and other waste materials be channeled back into war production by donation to
scrap collectors.
Faculty Notice To Members of the Faculty: The regular monthly meeting of the Faculty will be held on Monday, April 12, at 4 p. m., in Eliza Fowler Hall. A full attendance is expected. Edward C. Elliott, President.
Last Fete Tuesday WAA will hold its annual Spring Sports Spread, the closing function of this semester, Tuesday, April 13, at 5:30 p. m. at the WAA cabin. The event will be in the form of a very informal get-together with all coeds meeting at the gym to hike out to the cabin for supper, songfest, and awarding of skins, cups, letters, and numerals. The most outstanding girls of the year will be announced at this time and will be awarded the coveted WAA skins. The winners of this highest award are selected on the basis of scholarship, leadership, sportsmanship and service by a Skin committee. Awarding Of Cups Besides the awarding of skins, class and intramural cups and trophies will be presented to the winners in the various sports throughout the year. The hall, sorority or ward having won the most awards will receive a large gold loving cup, which has been in the possession of Kappa Alpha Theta and Noi’th Hall this last year. Pledges to the athletic honorary, Sportswomen, will be announced and girls will receive monograms and numerals for participation in sports—a monogram if they have earned 1,000 points and numerals for earning 100 points. Tickets 40c All girls wishing to attend the Sports Spread may purchase tickets for 40c from any council member or at the WAA office. Ticket sales will close Monday night. Cary Club Can't Get Candidates For Offices Uncertainty and mistrust of the times was shown by the recent Cary Hall elections. Annoucements were made that elections would be held last Friday and when the deadline arrived, one lone petition was in the hands of the retiring president, requesting that Jim Bowen be considered for the post of treasurer of the Club. No opposition has been received and so Bowen will serve as treasurer for the ensuing semester. Vicepresidents to be elected next week will act as co-presidents of the Club for the summer.
Includes Galacade, Spring Football Game In true streamlined style, the University’s third wartime graduation week begins tomorrow night with the Galacade exhibition and finishes with the presentation of degrees next Sunday in the Music Hall. Regular peacetime features of Gala Week have been deleted until the program remaining is a two-day affair featuring the usual football game and vari-
Marinettes
Styles Rival WAAC, WAVE
By Peg Steffes
ous reunions.
Announcements for the graduating seniors are now on sale in the Cashier’s office of the Executive Buildhxg and in the Student Union office from 4 fill 5:30 every afternoon, at a coat of 10 cents per booklet and will continue on sale until Tuesday afCer-
With the feminine rush to join noon at 5:30. the armed forces, the latest reserve To open next week end’s activicorps Homing to their attention is ties, alumni returning to the campns the U. S. Marine Corps, however Friday evening will be given a this branch will not have a fancy chance to see the wartime version nickname such as possessed by the of the campus next morning since WAAC, WAVES, SPARS, WOWS, tentative plans call for parties of and WRENS. inspection to be led by members of But the Women’s Reserve has Gold Peppers, Gimlet and Reamer
been made no less attractive than Clubs,
these other branches of the serv- Place Wreath On Grave ices. In fact the uniform alone is On Saturday afternoon two f«aenough to make a women want to tures will be presented, one being “Free a Marine to Fight.” The the placing of a wreath on John snappily dressed ranks wear forest Purdue’s gi-ave by members of tite green uniforms with a hip length war class of 1918, in front of the coat, straight skirt and matching assembled seniors, and the other betopcoat. ing the annual varsity spring pracThe cap is in modified officer’s tice football game, style with a scarlet braid chinstrap Since this day is also in commemover the short visor. Blouse and oration of the founders of the Uqifield scarf (necktie) are of the same versity ,a banquet for all will be khaki color as the Army uses, while held in the Union, shoes, gloves, purse and shoulder- Easter music by over 1,000 stustrap are cordovan brown. dents, high school children and The dress shoes, pumps with a townspeople will be resenledTiii iSe flat bow over the vamp, are a far Music Hall that evening at the lai^t cry from the military loolqpg shoes convocation for worship to be held worn by other women’s service this semestper. branches, definitely neat and flat- Commencement Day tering. For winter wear with the Commencement day, Sunday, tailored topcoat, there is a scarlet April 18, will mark the graduaiSpn (female’s favorite color) muffler to of 400 University students from the match the braid on the cap. University and also the end of the What the women Marines wear week’s activities. Open house will under their uniforms is purely their be held by President and Mrs. E. C. own business, according to Major Elliott at their home in Lafajrette, Ruth Streeter, Director of the and after lunch certificates will be Women’s Reserve. Regulations stop presented by him to members of the at the top layer. classes of ’78, ’83, ’88, ’93, ’98, ’03, The lady Marines proudly wear ’08, ’13, and ’18 for loyalty to the the “globe, anchor and eagle” in- University. signia of the U. S. Marine Corps, The commencement program will which is another drawing card for close the day’s activities,
the Corps. Anyone who has observed the popularity of Army and Navy shoulder patches and other insignia on coed’s coats about the campus will understand with what pride these women wear their
Marine emblem.
They rate the same in rank and pay as the men of the Corps, with
WPB To Hold Clinic For Manufadurors
Engineers Elite ...
Tau Beta Pi Celebrates Fifty Years Of Growth On University Campus
. . . national honorary research fraternity,, announces the election of officers for 1943-1945: president. Professor G. D. Scarseth; vicepresident, Professor R. E, Girlon; secretary, Professor Cecilia Schuck; treasurer. Professor G. B. Bach-
man. '
By Jack Dominik Yesterday marked the fiftieth anniversary of the University chapter of Tau Beta Pi, all-engineering honorary. In the last half centui'y the campus chapter has grown to the largest chapter in the country, and now has 30 active members, 26 pledges, and over a thousand graduate members. Phi Beta Kappa, the first Greek letter honorary, gave rise to the birth of Tau Beta Pi when it excluded from its ranks men who did not have a liberal education, but instead had specialized in technical subjects. In oi'der to provide an honorary for these forgotten men, Edward Higginson Williams, Jr., then a Phi Beta Kappa, wrote the plans for organization of an engineering honorary and presented
j^em for approval to several engineering professors. Loses Members As a lesult the first group of members were initiated at Lehigh University in the spring of 1885. With their graduation the organization experienced its first setback by losing most of its members. Williams, along with some of the men that had remained for graduate work, then reorganized the chapter and elected juniors so that it might perpetuate itself. Pledging was much the same then as now, consisting of a period of a week or two at which time the pledge^ get signatures on a wooden “bent”. At present these men may be seen on the campus and recognized by the “bent” they carry until
April 15, at which time they will be initiated at the semester initiation
banquet.
Will Continue Tau Beta Pi plans to continue through the war, and eligibility will still be the same with only men from the upper eighth of the junior class and the upper fifth of the senior class being considered for membership. When this information is at hand, each man eligible is interviewed before selection is made on a basis of scholarship, character and service. The position of Tau Beta Pi on the campus is one of honor, leaving the function of contact between the student and his future profession up to the various technical organ-
izations.
Steindler To Speak On Bio-Mechanics Tuesday At Eight Dr. Arthur Steindler, depaz:tp^(^t
the way open to advancement to of Orthopedic Surgery, of the the rank of Captain. versity Hospital of Iowa State, wBl
speak on the subject of bio-mfichim-ics at 8 p. m. Tuesday in room 103
of the Physics Building.
Steindler has worked not only in the field of surgery, hut he ia well known for his theoretical investigations of the physics and mechanics
Indianapolis District Office of the of joints. For this reason his talk War Production Board has an- should be of interest to physicists, nounced a clinic to be held tomor- engineers, biologists, and phjNi^ row in the Indiana World War educators, as well as the MoMemorial Auditorium at Indian- mechanics. apolis sponsored jointly by the In- Before the meeting, which wiilie dianapolis Chamber of Commerce open to the public, there will h% * and the Indiana Manufacturers’ banquet at 6 p. m. in the Union, henAssociation and will cover the oring Dr. Steindler. The lecture latest developments of the Con- be sponsored by the Amffiflcisn
trolled Materials Plan.
Robert Fay, Chief of the Engineer Board of Review, War Production Board, Washington, will be one of the speakers at the clinic which will start at 9:30 a. m. with an
Association of Scientific Workers.
Alpha Chi Rho
. . . social fraternity, announces
, „ , , , the initiation of the following: explanation of late CMP develop- ^ LaPorte. Indiana; .7 Jack E. Dominik, Park Rid^, lUl-
nois; Jack A. Druckemiller, Mwion; Richard A. Kelley, Chicago, Illinois; Gordon X. Reed, B!Iii|dle'ton. New York; Robert D. Eipar, Naperville, Illinois; Robert T. Holmes, Muncie; L. Doten Rush* Dwight, Illinois; Donald Hanunond,
TT -i- 1 i. j -Itr 1 j Wooster, Ohio; Trent S. Knepner,
Kendallville; Herbert L. Rawungs,
question and answer session. StudentsTo Hold Panel Discussion Over WISH
Peace” will be the subject of a panel discussion between James Bray, Glen Tobias, and Tim Tilton over station WISH in Indianapolis from
6:15 until 6:39 tonight.
Tobias will act as chairman for the program. The group will be accompanied by L. 1. Winch, University Forensic Coach and co-head of
the Speech Department.
Crown Point. Commencement Due to the demand for CMP*' mencement anuouncement9 o«ir ten will be allotted to each for the present'. Those deskUlg more must make specml apfdks* tion in the Senate Office.'Purdue Exponent
Sunday^ April 11 ^ 1943
Purdue Exponent
Offices: Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Honorary Kdifor Willinm G. Hoskins
With the C olors
Bdi(or.„. BualliieSs n^noKcr NowO Editor Hanaeinir Editor Adveitisme Manaeer Spoila Edjtor. Coed Editor Coed Business Executive
Dale E. Bulr Gerhard H. Klouman Robert W. Boswinkle Sally Beali James G. Petty Joseph S. Dawson Jean Dauer A. Jane Keim
Publication Staff EMitorial Staff Aamciate Editors: F J. Vegh. J. T Richardson, T E TiUon, W, H. Tyson, W. I, Vermilion, M L. Smith, 0. C. Martindell, E. Murphy. Coed Staff: Phyllis Mann, Martha Lee Riggs, Carolyn Wilbur, Elaine Ahrens . Sports Staff: C. Sowards, J Ackerman, D Shryer, R- Smith Business Staff Assistant Advertising Manager: J Filpi. „ , Advertising Managers: J. Flexon, C. Gaunt, J. McCullough, J. Tabb. ^ Circulation Manager: E H Kroeplin. Accounts Manager: Mary Dilts.
Editor-in-Chiel
The Purdue Independent
Bert Squier
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Vermilion Issue Editor: Abbett Day EdUor: Wilbur Sports Editor: Sowards Woirkers: Georgeson. Vargor, Ford, Fmsythe, Gregory, Dominik. Entered as second class matter at the past office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at &e special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published on Tuc^ ’ >. Thursday Friday and Sunday mornings durin gthc year. Delivered locally by earner for $1 75 for a semester or $3 iM tor tn o s, -n. ,‘,-rs , by mail for $2 00 tor a semester or 33 f >. i" ' I'l -ters , , , , Bepresented for r.i'in ailvertising by National Advertising Seivici, Int , I ge Publisheis Bepresentutives, 420 Madison Ave , New York, N Y.
The University of Michigan is offering couiT^es in Siamese and houses are owned by nearly 3,000 fraternities and sororities.
vtnmi ’ 1 Tsi Bit y't fst on MERRY-€0-ROUND
Pace Of Slackers As the winter term of 1943 approaches its climax, many students, particularly coeds, are trying to decide whether or not they will return to school during the summer term. Most of the men students will be called to the army or will be allowed to remain in school under deferments, but the majority of the women students and a few of the men will be free to leave or stay at their own discretion. Several students will probably be impressed with the apparently big wages that they can obtain during the summer in war work or some other essential industry. While it is true that they could make good money, these students must remember that they are preparing themselves for jobs which require a background of technical and scientific training and they must not let their long time objective be obscured by the promise of high returns during the summer. Although the students who leave .school for war industries feel that they are helping the war etfoi't, they must remember that the jobs they are taking could probably be filled by other people just as effectively. They would be helping the war effort to a much greater degree by staying in school and finishing their preparations for jobs which require the college training that they have received and which can not be filled by untrained and unskilled workers. Other students, and we are afraid that this includes many of our illustrious coeds, feel that they need a vacation and plan to leave school at the end of this semester and take a long rest. It is needless to point out that these students whether they be ed or coed are really slackers and are not fulfilling their part in making sure that the war is soon brought to a quick and successful conclusion. The soldiers on the battle front and the workers in the production lines do not get vacations and their work is much more strenuous than any we have encountered here. The women of our Allies, particularly Great Britaiu, Russia and China, have assumed a major part in the fighting and are doing practically every type of work at home or in the service. The Women of '^ngkond operate and fire antiaircraft gun.s, '! 0 Russian coeds are flyingpursuit plane.s and the Chinese students have driven trucks over the rough Burma road. Can it be that we' are a weak race, since our coeds feel that they must rest during the summer? Certainly we are not a race of weaklings, but we have grown soft by living our lives of comparative luxury. Now that we are at war and are involved in a death struggle with the enemy, it is high time that we changed our wajt of thinking and our way of living in order that we may have an opportunity to live as we please in the future. The coeds of the University feel that they are far removed from the war, but they really ha\'e a stake in the struggle and it is imperative that they complete their training as soon as possible in order that they may help to fill the many jobs which require people with their training and education.—d.e.b. Walter Kreutz was elected most popular, most handsome and most active man at Loyola University ol' New Orleans.
ly DREW PEARSON Congress Demonsf-rafes How To Lose Confidence Of People By Cox Episode WASHINGON—The Congress of the United States, one of the few parliamentary systems left in the world, is now conducting a unique exhibition of how to lose the confidence of the nation. It is staging an investigation of the Federal Communications Commission solely because that Commission voted Unanimously to recommend criminal action against a member of Congress, Representative Gene Cox of Georgia. To defend him, his brother Congressmen not only voted to spend the taxpayers’ money on an investigation of the PCC, but they also placed the Congressman who is under fire at the head of the committee investigating his accusers. This threat of investigation is the time-honored method by which Congressmen defend themselves whenever they get in a jam. They may rant and rave against some insignificant government bureau which spends a little extra on paper, or which hires a $2,000 clerk beyond its budget. But should the Justice Department begin a criminal probe of certain shady Congressional practices, the cry of “INVESTIGATE THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT!” goes up from the Capitol Dome, and the hounds are in full chase. • One Big Club Should, foi instance, a certain Congi-essman from New England, realize that the Justice Department was taking a criminal probe of his lobbying for war Contracts, all of Congress immediately would demand an investigation of Attorney General Biddle. Or should a certain Senator from the South fear Justice Department scrutiny of war sub-contracts held by his family; or should the Justice Department probe the law fees received by anoihei senator, poignant ciies of “INVESTIGATE THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT!” would almost lift the Capitol Dome. The Congressional motto is, “We Congressmen must slick together.” Apparently they don’t realize that the best way to keep the confidence of the country is to keep their own stables clean; and that it was not until the German people lost confidence in the Reichstag that Hitler was able to seize power. • Received $2,500 Most interesting illustialion is the current case of Eugene Cox, a very likeable Congressman from Georgia. The Federal Communications Commission charges that he received a check for $2,500 from radio station WALB, Albany, Ca,, aftei he had used his influence with the FCC to improve the station’s facilities. The Commission says that Cox later conveited this $2,500 into stock of the station. All of this was thoioughly investigated by the Commission and IS a matter of public record. However, unlike some other government bureaus when they stumble on the acivity of a Congressman, the FCC did not hush the thing up. It proceeded with a thoiough
probe.
Furthei’inore all seven Commissioneis voted unanimously to send the mattei to the Justice Department as a violation of the criminal statute (Tilt 18, U. S. Code Sec. 203) piohibiting a member of Congress from lepi'oscnting piivate clients befoic government agencies. It was two of the Republican members of the FCC, rather than the New Dealers, who took the lead in this. Since then, the Criminal Division of the Justice Department has recommended prosecution, but nine months have passed and the Justice Department, as usual, has failed to move against a Congressman. • Cox Hifs Back Representative Cox, however, has not failed to move against the FCC. Although making speeches on the floor of the House piaising Attorney General Biddle (who has not acted), Cox has ranted, raved, accused the FCC of Gestapo tactics, and created such a fuior that his colleagues have voted an investigation. Counsel for the investigation committee is an interesting character, Eugene Gaiey, 63 Wall Street, who has distinguished Mmself in various attacks against the Secuiities and Exchange Commission and who delivered a significant speech at the University of Viiginia where he said: “Nothing is more firmly rooted in Anglo-Saxon justice than the principle that no man can be a judge in his own case. He is precluded from so doing by the moral sense of all mankind.” Yet as chairman of the investigating committee, of which Mr. Carey is counsel, sits Congressman Cox, who will now be the presiding judge in his own case. ? Convo Fine, But There are times when the Executive Committee of this University exhibits great tendencies toward complete ^reversal of principle without any obvious rhyme or reason for their action. Most prominent of their recent turnabouts is the “Question Mark Convo” put on last night by A1 Stewart. This show bore a great similarity to the Union Show, which until this year was put on annually by the students for the students, and which went to its grave alongside many other of the fast dwindling University traditions when the Executive Committee gave it the axe last month. While gracefully turning down the student’s request for the Union Show ,the Executive Committee protested that in such vital times the student should not take his nose out of his book long enough to have any time that could be wasted on such activity. One professor from south of State Street said, “If the students have that much extra time, let them hoe potatoes on the Ag campus.” But instead of hoeing potatoes or doingsomething else equally as constructive and beneficial to our war effort, A1 Stewar-t went ahead with his show and many hours of study flew out with the production. It seems a shame that the students were not allowed to put on their own show the way they wanted to, while this completely A1 Stewart production was allowed to go on unhindered. —w.l.v.
Librarian Reminisces Life During Last War
Just Looking Arotind
r
By Annie Stinson The lady of the book stacks is Miss Blanche Miller. For years this friendly, elderly, and dignified character, a character as one sees her among her books, has been almost indispensable to the students -who frequent the Univeisity library. There is hardly a book anywhere in the library, whether it be in the periodical room, the reserve room, or the reference stacks, that she cannot lay her hand on immediately. The library to her is like one’s own flower garden—she knows each pathway and corner from fond long hours spent there. Miss Miller, born in Lafayette, has heard and talked school since she first learned to speak. She has grown up with the University blood in her veins; the University is part of her—has given something to her, and veiy definitely she has given something to the Univei’sity. Younger Women Carry On Continuous enlarging of the library has kept Miss Miller so busy that she hasn’t time to woik on the home front as she did m the last war. “The younger women,” she said, “can take the time now as I did then and cairy on. The wai twenty-odd years ago seems like only yesterday ” As “Storekeeper” for Tippecanoe county in the fiist World War she had a lot of army supply orders to fill and to see nfteiward that these ordeis weie sent out on time. It was nothing to leceivo a thousand dollars woith of gauze or muslin to be lolled The women rolled bandages by the miles, made every soit of surgical dressing used by the army and made pneumonia jackets by the thousands. There would be an order to be shipped to the boys and no task was too great foi these
busy ladies.
Red Cross Center The libraiy then was not neaily so largo as it is now. All books were loaned out directly fiom the center desk in the big study room on the second flooi of the libaiy, as there was no leserve book room or reference stacks. What is now the leserve book loom was at that time just a large room which served veiy well indeed as a sewing room five afternoons a week for Miss Millei’s woikers. In addition to hoi library work. Miss Miller kept new materials moving m and finished supplies shipped out steadily. Not only did she work here but also spent every Monday evening at the Red Cross woikers’ centei m Lafayette. The chicf-of-aid on the nome fiont asked the society women and those who had leisiue during the day to work five days a week in the mornings or afternoons. Then each Monday evening Blanche Miller \\ orked with the professional women, the shop clerks, the office gills, the wai widows, and the girls who had sweethearts in service.
They worked with a will and accomplished more in one evening than the ladies who came during the day to sew and stitch and chat did in a week. Life Was war-minded, busy, and buzzing on the campus at all times. The student soldiers of those days were unable to leave West Lafayette in the evening, and since there was no such place as the Union or anywhere else to go, the boys congregated at the University Library. Miss Miller often found herself handing out books to a whole i-egiment of army boys who had come in with their superior officer to while away an evening reading. Boys Housed The boys were housed in every possible place. The men’s gym (the present women’s gym) afforded sleeping quarteis for five hundred men who were on campus studying auto mechanics. Eight or nine hundred more army boys were housed in the armory. The entertainment facilities for so many men were meager indeed. They did have one place whcic paities and dances were held every week-end. The Delta Theta fraternity house was rented by the University for that purpose ^and almost every Friday and Satuiday night Miss Millei and the Dean of Women acted as chaperones at the dances. In both lines of duty Miss Blanche Millei led the women of Tippecanoe county ad mn ably well. She did hei shaie, and now she leminifeces as she watches others do the things she did over twenty years ago. Blood Donors Here Tuesday
By Jack Abbett and Jim Richardson
Friday, when the House approved legislation which defined and outlawed' labor racketeering and extortion in interstate commerce, headlines in a few newspapers followed the general trend of “Organized Labor Suffers First Defeat of 78th Congress.” This question should have been put forth before such heads were written—“Did organized labor really suffer a defeat ?” The true basis of labor ■" —— organization is the betterment correspondent “although not a comOf the worker—when unions ponentpartofthearmedforces.ex- •! J. J i.1 • Ai. 1 periences and .suffers what o«r fightfail to do this they lose their experience and suffer.” Ac right to existance. Therefore, cording to available statistics, three how could legislation aimed at correspondents have been killed, 13 making labor unions more efficient disabled, and 30 are reported miss-
in management and more helpful to ing.
the laborer be at all detrimental to ^ X-X-X any union which is really function- Vice President Henry Wallace mg for the best interests of labor made quite a hit with the people of as a whole and not merely for a few -Chile during his recent good-will higher-ups ? Organized labor should tour throughout South America. A gain rather than lose something by few of the incidents which may have the passage of an act such as this accounted somewhat for his popu-
with teeth in it. X-X-X War correspondents who are wounded or who distinguish themselves by conspicuous service in actual combat may soon be awarded medals of honor if the plan of Representative Charles S. Dewey (Rep., III.) is acted upon in Congress. Dewey said that the aveiage war
larity were informal meetings with the common people of the country. For instance, at one stop Wallace emerged from the train in his pajamas. Perhaps when the layman sees that such a personage as the Vice Piesident of the United States woais oidinary pajamas in public, it makes him feel that, after all, a
high official is human, too.
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
‘•t
VL
> •-Boilermafier Spprts
s' tk V
COED
> <>
/'
(
>i
WRITES COLUMN
TODAY
Aquatics FrolicFun Will Reign Galacade Promises Stars, Hilarity, Diving, Surprises, Fun
A/het Elmer Burnham^ Coach With A Future
By Ray Smith liVfith the closing of the annual football dinic, it ^eems fitting that the next member of the Boilermaker coaching staff that should jje presented to the readers in this series of introductions should be the smiling, gridii’on mentor, Elmer Burnham. Bieck Outlook At the present time Burnham is probably* facing the blackest outlook for future football that any coach has eVet had to face in the Riveter football history. It is mtost uncertain as to what will happen toi college football next fall, but Burnham is watching about fifty football hopefuls work out daily, knowing that'probably a great many of them will ndt return next semester. Even if there is no football next season Elmer feels that his work is not wasted for the exercise that thd candidates get will undoubtly put them in the best physical condition for whatever they might be dding. With the opening of the spring practice session that is rapidly drawing to a close, Burnham started his second'season as head varsity football coach, for it was a little more than a year ago at this time that the Board of Trustees relieved him of his freshman football dutilis and appointed him to fill the vacancy made by the resignation of Mai Elward. Here Since 1935 Elmer Burnham has been connected with the Boilorpiaker coaching staff for eight years, coming here in 1936 from the South Bend Central High School. Blirnham is not a Hoosier by birth, but has spent almost all his time since his graduation from Springfield College, Mass., in 1916, codching in Indiana. He was born and attended high school in West Newbury, Mass. While a student at Spritigfield College, Burnham was outstanding in four sports, football, basketball, baseball, and tennis, winning letters in each sport. Coach At South Bend Upon graduation from college,
ADULT 6ALLROOM CLASSES OPEN BEGINNERS' WED., APRIL 14 ADVANCED THURS., ARRIL 15 7:30 P.M. PHONE 2150 ALLEN S 6th and Ferry
THE DEBRIS NOW COSTS YOU $4.00, BUT AFTERAPRIL 13
IT WILL COST YOU $4.50
Don’t let negligence rob yon of 50c, act NOW and save
your money!
Gel Your DEBRIS NOW! from West Desk of Union Delirih Office or any Debris Salesman Get Your DEBRIS for $4,00
Editor’s Note: Today’s Sports Wave was written by Barbara Jean Gregory.
Coach Elmer Burnham Burnham accepted a position of coach of all sports at South Bend Central High School, and held this position for a year before he enlisted in the artillery. He served overseas with the Trench Mortar Battery 309, and was honorably discharged as a sergeant m-1919. Returned To South Bend He returned to South Bend for anothoi year of coaching before he went to West Newbury to help his father in the dairy business. His love for coaching had him back at the South Bend high school in the fall of 1921, and he remained there for fourteen years before he resigned to join the Riveter staff in 1935. Fourteen Years As Football Coach During his fourteen years as football coach at South Bend his teams piled up a record of 118 victories while losing only 30 games. Eight ties were played duiing the same period. One of the memorable things of Elmer’s fiist season as varsity coach, was the battle cry made famous by President Elliott, “Let’s Keep Elmer Smiling.” IM Schedules BASEBALL Monday, April 12 4:1.5 Diamond 1 Phi Kappa Psi vs. Sigma Nu. 2 Pi Kappa Phi vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. 3 Theta Chi vs. Triangle. 4 Sigma Chi vs. Phi Kappa. 5 Theta Xi vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon.
^ Don't Forget Galacade stalling Gala Week off with a bang is the Galacade tomorrow night. It will be a ciowning achievement added to the list of Coach Papenguth’ii records and will, no doubt, be one of the most outstanding and unusual swimming- features that has ever been held on the campus. ^ Originality At Its Best Not only will the swimming in the Galacade be of top quality, but the skits pi esented by the four houses which are in the competition will be a climax to the evening’s peifoimance. Most of them do not display actual swimming ability, as the lest of the piogiam does, but it has been no small job foi the eds and coeds to woik up original skits which will be of interest to the audience, as well as display team work and humor in a swimming pool. '' ► Eds And Coeds Together—Whew! Of the foil! paiticipatmg gioups, the only group of men and women swimming together is the Alpha Xi Delta-Tiiangle specialty. Lightingeffects help in displaying an unusual combination of fun and frolic with ballet loutines m the watei. ► Ferns And More Ferns The two soioiities which are peifoiming alone have used ingenuous methods of showing an audience a good time without having to take part m the piogiam. Delta Gammas will surpiisc everyone with their announcement of the new branch of the service which has just been opened, and the costumes of the Alphi Chis would add suspense, thrills and huraor to any progi am. ^ Sigzapoppin A liotous peifoimance of then own veisjon of “Hellza-poppin’ ” by the Sig Eps would lie enough to keep any audience spell-bound wondering what could possibly happen next, and probably the spectators will be amaed at what leally can happen next, when a group of ods work up an aquatic prog-iam such as they have planned. ^ Dick Presents Another Coach Papenguth ceitainly deseivcs a hand Joi the splendid woik he has*done dining his time at the Umveisity. Foi the last five yeais he has dnected an Aquacade, -which has been a sensation all over the campus, but this time he has even done one bettei by piesenting a fcatuie such as the Galacade. He is well known for his oiigmality, liut this time he tops all otheis in the w'ay oi unusual pciioi mances. ► Team's Standing Rises Papenguth was the fiist man to leceive a major letter m swimming, ■when lie attended Michigan, and Michigan has always been one of the three top teams, ranking with Yale and Ohio State. He is noted paiticulaily on the campus foi the piomptness of his piesentations, as he is nevci late with anything he staits out to accomplish. Since he ailived heic, his teams have come up from eighth to fifth place in the Big Ten. ► Lefri-ers Gefr Around Dick wiitcs to all of the alums who swam for him, and he ciiculates a letter cont:wning the addresses of his foimei steamsters. Paits of the Ictteis leceived fioni each of the swimmers fiom the Rivieia at Indianapolis and fiom formei year’s classes of the University are included. His ciiciilar letteis aie sent out about eveiy two weeks to all paits of the country and all blanches of the aimed services.
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 Schultz Bldg. , 41U and Mam Sts. Phone S701
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
NOTICE-
We pay 1c each for all hangers in good usuable condition if brought to our office. WEST SIDE CLEANERS
Golds Defeat Blacks In Gridiron Game In the featured demonstration of the \“PootbalI Clinic" the annual spring intrasqiiad football game, the “Golds” under the tutelage of Sammy Voinoff, defeated Dutch Fehrings’s “Blacks” 7 to 0 in the Ross-Ade stadium last Friday afternoon, before some four huhdred spectators. The game was highlighted by a few long distant runs by Bill Stewart and Henry Stram. Many passes were also attempted but few were completed. The winning touchdown which ■urns made by Agnew on an off tackle play from the eight yard line came in the second quarter. Agnew is a freshman who hails from Jefferson of Lafayette. Wojieehowski from Hammond kicked the extra point. One of the outstanding prospects for next fall, that is if he can stay in school without the interference of the government, is Fend, a first semester sophomore. Fend played the left end position on the “Golds” and broke up a great many plays. He is one of the many great ends who has c!ome out of Chicago, having come from Tilden Tech.
-Knott,. Leaeb,
Sid Luckman, Chicago Bear Quarterback, Climaxes Annual Two-Day Football Clinic
By C. E. Wendell
Yesterday morning in the Boilermaker Fieldhouse, Sid Luckman, the athlete who has in the last four years quarterbacked the Chicago Bears football team to two world professional championships, climaxed the annual football clinic that is held each spring for the high school coaches throughout the state of Indiana, with a talk “T-Formation”, and added a number of highlights that accompany
the playing of professional
football.
Luckman is a large man, good looking, extremely well
built, daik complexioned, dark jockey into position for the next wavy hail, and possessing a slight plaj'. “We don’t do that, we’re supeastern accent. To start his chalk posed to be good enough to play talk and demonstraion, Luckman from anyplace on the field and have
gamble for the fiist-and-ten, and we do 75 per cent of the time, rather
than punt.”
Another point Sid cleared up was that about a team wasting a play to
gimnmgly offered a hasty “why” foi the di libbing the Beais took last season at the hands of the Washington Redskins. It seems that the
Beais legalded Sammy Baugh and ,,,^5 the status of the qiiarteiback his teammates as just another team .^viti;^ the rest of the team. It seems that they had to play; a team they the qiiarteiback never becomes par-
had beaten easily before the same season. “Well, it didn’t woik out
that way. We had a bad day.” (Juarterback Has Tough Job To stait his lecture of the “T-
Foimation” and pro football tac- painting too stiict a picture about ties, Sid elaborated a little on the all the work connected with the pro duties of a pio quarterback. On league, Sid gave a few examples of August 5, the Beais’ team goes into the horseplay that goes on when the a training camp to do a little inten- BeaVs have a substantial lead over sfve conditioning; but the fiist week their opponents. Everybody in the in July the quaiteibacks begin. For backfiekl gets a crack at cariying two weeks the quarterbacks study the ball, and the whole team tried movies of all opposing teams and all season to enable one fellow to
outline a considerable share of the strategy to be used during- the coming season. When the squad goes into ti aining that fiist week m August, the team has daily meetings to talk oveiplays and pioblems, just big bull
sessions. The repertoire of plays tact we nevei put on pads,” Sid said.
the Bears use contains 350 different aiiangement. For each single play, the assignments aie interchangeable. It seems the team is veiy demociatic on the field, befoie the quarterback steps into the huddle, the men trade assignments, comment on who missed what block, and in geneial what was wiong with the
last play and what isn’t going to be defense did the Bears use to hinder wiong with th^ next one. Don Hiftson?” probably the gieatDon’t Favor Punt est pass receiver of all times. Sid 111 the pio leagues the teams don’t gunned and said, “We’ve got sevenlike to punt. At least the Beais teen of ’em, Hutson No. 1, Hutson don’t. Sid said, “You can’t do any- No 2, Hutson No. 3 and on up to thing- witliout the ball. We’d rathei seventeen. He’s tenific.”
Sports Shorts Because of waitime conditions the annual spring football clinic conducted by the Umveisity of Michigan coaching staff will not be held this year. Instead, high school coaches ami their players will be invited to attend the triangulai- track meet here May 8 between Ohio State, Michigan State and Michigan, and to use the University of Michigan golf and tennis facilities as guests of the Athletic Depaitluent. Foity candidates answoied the call foi spring football practice at
By Clint Howards GALACADE PROGRAM 1. 400 yard relay try for freshman recordHansel, Womble. 2. Skit by Alpha Chi Omega. 3. 50 yard free style—Marilyn Sahner (N. Y.); Cathefine Wernert (N. Y.), Pat Aspinal (Indianapolis), Ruth Lemmering (N. Y.). 4. 150 yard breast stroke—Heidke try for world record. 5. Skit by Triangle and Alpha Xi Delta. 6. Life Saving Race—Tritons. 7. 220 Free Style—^Hansel, Lyon, try for fro.sh record. 8. Skit—Sigma Phi Epsilon. ’ ’ 9. 50 yard back stroke—Pat Aspinal (Indianapolis), Marilyn Sahner (N. Y.), Betty Shields (N. Y.), Florence Schmitt
.(N.Y.).
10. Diving—high and low board—Dot Williamson (N. Y.), John Juengst, Wally Grube, Ray Anthony, Joe Anthony,
11. Skit—Delta Gamma.
12. 50 yard breast—Barbara Yodice, Pat Aspinal.
13. Triton—Candle Ballet.
14. Announcement of awards to skit winners. 15. Frosh-varsity trophy struggle. 16. 150 individual medley—Barbara Yodice, Florence Schmitt and Pat Aspinal. ' Tomorrow night at eight is the time, the place is the swimming pool in the Boilermaker Fieldhouse, the occasion is the “Galacade”, second swimming pool drama that Boilermaker swimming mentor Dick Papenguth has put on this year. To adequately describe just what the “Galacade is going to consist of would take days. However, in accordance with' the ‘one' brick higher” axiom that
is connected with this University, Coach Papenguth has woven together swimra,in,g aristocracy from the nationally famed New York Women's Swimming Association, from the Riveria Club of Indianapolis, and from our own Boilermaker campus into what promises to be a production that will surpass all previous swimming productions, and that's
going to have to be good. Laugh, Laugh, Laugh
The theme of the whole occasion is going to be fun, humor, comedy and with a little bit of hilariousness thiown in for good hiOalSufe.* There will be during the evening several attempts for world sivimming records, and in addition a try for a new Boilermaker frosh 409 yard relay record. The Riveter pool' IS simply going to be teeming "with record holding swimmers. 1
Diving Here And There
On the program above there appeals no designated time for diving of the unorthodox type. This is just’ exactly what the piogram means to imply; however, there is to be considerable of this type of comedy interspersed with the show, jdst when it will take plarce hasn’t been decided yet. About all that can be said IS that it won’t be during any other act, we think. When we say comedy diving, those who were fortunate enough to see the fifth annual Aquacade last fall know just w'hat that means; to see what form the boys dish it out in this time wiR be one of the highest spots on the
entire piogram.
Home Talent, By Gosh Four more acts or skits that promise to bring no sorrow to any pait of the audience are the four stunts that have been worked out by thiee sororities and two fra^-tei-nities fiom right here on campus. It can’t be said just what these skits are going to consist of, but if they aie going to be allowed in the same pool with Patty Aspinal, hold--er of a considerable string of national breaststroke records, andtthe* six patrticipants from New York City who share considerable nationally acclaimed titles, and if Papenguth is putting on the sKow,‘ there needs be no fear that tk«y w'on’t be about tops. Lots Of Bathing Beauties For one noticeable change- for the better, this water production is going to be made up of more women swimmers than any befoiv. In previous swimfests, Patty AspinaJ, and Betty Beamis of the- Riveria Club in Indianapolis were about the most femininity ever to appeal' in one show, outside the memhers of the Triton Club, women’s swimming oiganization on the cantpus. This time Papenguth has brought together the Triton Club, Patty Aspinal, the New York swimmers, and members ol three sororities on the campus. Considerable addition to and a goodly pait of tho 3.65latio will be in the Boilermaker l)ool tomoriow night in bathing
■suits.
-A. few oi the aristocracy that will perfoun tomoirow are: Marilyn Sahner, holder of tho women’s national lOO yard freestyle reeovd'J. (See GALACADE, page 4)
350 plays to choose fiom to do it.”
Ain’t Got No Friends
Anoj;hei- point that the “stiategy enlightened the audience on
ticnlaily chummy with any one man on the team. He runs the team the way he thinks is best. No favor-
itism is shown.
To make sure that he wasn’t
make a touchdown, but the iellow never could quite make the giade. Don’t Like Scrimmage Still another inteiesting note was about scrimmaging. “After we leave ti aining camp, we never sciimmage thioiigh the week; in
“We save it all for Sundays.” Pinkie Newell, Boilermakei center, shared the spotlight with the Bears’ ace foi a while when Liickmgn clemonstiated the way the quaiteiback received the ball from the center. About the final question asked Luckman was “What kind of a pass
Noithwestein university last week. Coach Lynn Waldoit plans to conduct spung dulls for three weeks during which time the laige number of fieshmon candidates will be introduced to the Wildcat style of play. Ten of the 19 letteimen who aio expected liack next fall weie among those icpoitmg foi spung
jiractice.
-Among those not present weio Capt-elect Ed Hiisch. veteian fullback, who has withdiawn from school to cntei the Auny Enlisted Kescivc. He was one of six lettermen who enrolled m the ERC. Otto Giaham, toiwaid passing stai, is
out for baseball.w
^ j ^ S ^ ^ 1
,,1 j
‘t 1 t J li'^' i. f ‘ '^
Purdue Exponent
Sunday^ April 11 ^ 1943
University Research Workers Develop Instrument To Study Vision Problems
"Ortho-Rater' Invented To Cut Absences, Turnover In Industry Editor’s Note This artitle is boiiiK run (o clear uii the technical faux pas of its predecessor
Bv Jean W ei.dcll
Four yeai s ago Di Tiffin of the Unit ei sity began pioneei ing on an entiielv nett leseaich pioblem concerning the industrial problem of vision Ti||in hist woiked with the visual characteiistics that would corielate on the ]ob Ihis is now called the geneial aiea of employee placement tests These tests were planned to pioxe the natuial aptitudes of woikers and Tiffin was paiticulaily intei- '■■■
ested in Msion studv with diffeient indniduals in Indiana The woik was begun with \eiv cuide Msion tests howex ei they found that theie was a definite lelation between Msjon ind mental aptitudes N i on could ftuess liou the tests would come o it since some people w th ^ood \ision and pool intellect would piove ^ood on the tob and cue \eibi but the
cxpei iraentei s weie ceitam that if dctiils
the tests had iii\ iclitioii to how pood people ictinlh do on the job then the lesults would he viluiblc
Three \spects
Thiee aspects in considei ation
with the pioblem weie as follows of Peisonnel Leai Avn Inc Does leal ability on the job ao ilont, Piqua Ohio has wiitten Joi women with vision do pood opeiatois who tiained ii enpineeiinp diawing foi catch on quick have bettei vision do those ilso tiained ip mathematics jobs lequiie diffeient types of vi and science foi woik in then Test Sion’ If the individual acquiies that Laboiatoia Call 2955 if inteiested particulai type of vision thit is Giace A Smaitt managei needed to make him skillful then he canvon Inn McCoiniic! s Cieek IS kept on the job Otheis aie eithei State Pul Spencei In
fired 01 they quit The expei imentei woiked tiying to piove that this getting good wis a visual chaiac
tei istic
The Baiiscn and Lomb Company of Roohestei N Y became intei ested in this industiial pioblem of vision three yeais ago Gioups got togethei and subsidized a leseaich piogiam heie at the Univeisity find out exactlj how this leseaich could be earned out Thev wished fiist of all to place the applications of optical piinciples Another Problem Anothei pioblem ficing the ex peiimenteis was to find a system which could be used in any indus tiial plant to study the woil eis sys tematicalh In solving this pioblem new eye tests have been discoieied which aie nioie leliable and accu late than any evei befoie decised Optometi i«ts and optologists hat e also been studying this new field of vision Thev went to plants and tested eyes to see how help could be given This suivey was to find be low standaids m \ ision so thea could be impiovcd upon Pioiieeis in the field weie foiced to ^uess what it was that made vision in one job „ood and possibh bad in iiiothe All of this effoit took a gieat deal of time and money and at fust cmployeis weie not convinced that the^e visioi tests weie ansvieis to then cm plovee pioblems Ortho Rater The instillment known is the OithoRatei foi studynif, these visual chaiacteiistic was mule it the Unncisitj Specifications and the system foi using the machii e have all been dec doped heit Anj indubtij could find the visu il situi tion by Use of this iiistiument which would undoubtedly cause an eco nomic change in the manpowci situ ation Seveial outcomes would be to allocate people to jobs accoidin^ to vision find by study ccitain jobs which need exception il eyes which would lead to simplifying that lob and to pick out those whose vision yvas bad ind impiovc them in line which IS lequiied ii then paiticulii job All of these th mgs would in ciease the speed ol pioduction bet ter quality oi woik ieduce acci dents while on the iob keep eyes in a bettei condition without saciifii ing them to job and help cut dowm absences and Jaboi tuinoycis The machine testin^ is done by photogiaphic plates mounted on diums These test kccni css jici ception of the thiee dimensions cd or disci imination and postuial set ol eyes under ccitain cii cumstances Some of these aic mcisuicd at a distance of 20 Icet and othcis at 1
inches
Secret ol I csting
Problems For
tem IS Cl Cl y thin
1 be pioblem now is to tc ich jieo pli 1) inlusliy how to f,ivc the c tests A ncyv com sc industiiil m Sion IS itutc Psychol )gv S55 is to Ic ofliicl to ti un people in tins ficPI Sevci 1 til ICS lycii men will
Secret of the entne testing is the I e scnl lieie ii >m diflcient nidus
system in whicn it is done An oidi nary eye examination would not Ic accurate Above all the test must 1 e exact Anothei impoi tant 1 u toi is the method in which the ictoids aic handled Since a vciy fast method of getting the infoi matic i Iiomdhc records is needed someone devised the plan ol using a knitting nc c die This Jjas proved to be quite cfheicnt The information itself was not gocd until a last system was devised to make the leeoids I orm and sys
tiicsloi thiee vyecl pel lods in which ihcv w 11 Ic givci nUnsivc ti iin ing in this new field c tc ! ly a Icginning ] iclimi I 11 y c nlciciecioj icpiescntativcs II om tic 11 lusch end I onib ( om jiciny ai d me ml c i s ol the I n vei sitv f xpe 1 imenlei s began Ml ch c 1 c lit sho aid be g ivcn to i)i 1 iflin an i 1 is co voikcis who have c me I on this extensne icseiich 1 I lie 1 I w 1 1C li IS s J 1 c w ai (I 1 IS cinating
j GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty 1
Personnel Motes Companies scheduled to visit the
campus
1 sso I aboi atones Baton Rouge T ouisian i—Ainil 19 Interested in
01 game chemists
Summei yyoik foi undergiadu ates in Poiest Conseivition Seiv ice Noith Amencan Pod ics See Piofcssoi E R Mu tell tor further
Placement Notes
For Women
All Earl B Aichihalcl Diiectoi
di in i needs girls for summer vvoil Chicago Commons 95o West Ciand Avenue Chicago 111 is i social settlement desiring girls for summei yvoil Jobs ue working with ehildien and pays bqaid and room plus a small cash allowance yono Intel ested should get in ch immediately with Placement Service for AVomen (2956) Mis J Z Stout m charge—tea rooms AVilliam S Blocl and Com pany Indi inapohs Inch in i ha just telephoned to siv that she needs i supeivisor m pastry and one to tal e charge of the clcu mo and dish room If you are inter ested will you write her immecli itely and let me 1 now that you ue applying If you do not care to ip plv and have accepted othei em ployment I shall also appieciate hcuing liom you Iicnc Feldt Diieetor
University Calendar Week of April 11-17
This th list uioblen tin ho m ith dep utmei t will i un this teim and iiossil Iv the 1 ist until luly At this time the Aimy Navv special pi og] ms w ill pi oba rly w u i mt the lunning of more pioblems as theie IS expectc 1 to be qui o a chop m unclei^i idu lie itienclinco this summei PROBI I M 11 lx axy / — ixy / 0 (j\ Ixy — 5/ — 20xy/ = 0 x> — lx — 9/ — 21xy/ = 0 1 ho tollowinp, solution to list weel s pioblem y\ is gnen by AI Asti ihan It y b 4 ic IS 1 ifioiial the solu tun to the equation is i itron il Ihcie uc thi cc iiossibilitic foi i,hc SIX cquitions (1) \ b — lie (2) V 1 — 4bc ( ) \ c - 1 lb Sure a 1 c —0 b = — (c I i) and b — c I 2 ic d i Suuslituting m (1) yve hive V c —4 ic 1 2 ic a i = y c —2ac a — (c—a) Since i b anil c lie i ition il (c— i) IS 1 itionil The simo icisoi ing cm be ijiplicc! to (2) uicl
1 i)
Sunday, April 11
2 00 PM Boy Scouts Meeting I oom 261 Union 1 00 P M Student Union Music Pio^i im Music Room Union 7 10 P M Luthcian Students Meetin„ Room 07 Union
Monday, Apral 12
4 00 PM AWS Counsclois Call Out b 00 P M Amei ic in Sc entiftc A\ oi 1 ci s 6 00 PM Soc of Automoliye Pii;^ Dinner 6 oO P M low i Sfifc College A.lumni 7 10 P M PI A Drnce ( 1 css 7 ‘’0 PM Eniycrsity Club BiicUc Cjioup
8 00 P IVI G il ic ide
Tuesday, April 13 4 00 PAI PIATciDiice
4 00 P AI Pr itcinity Housin^ J 30PM AV4A ‘’priiv Sports Sjrieui 7 00 P M Pi J ill Si^n i Moetin^ 7 ”0 P M Cl 1 luafi U ui cs BiitUc 7 30 P AI Ply n^ Club Meeting 7 M P AI C hiisfi rn Science Oi^ani/ition 10 I AI Intc 1 itional Discuss on 7 0 P AI Alph i Phi Omegi AIeetin„ I 0 P AI D i 1 y Cli b Meeting
Wednesday, April
1 00 P AI Comm on Stitc oi Ei ivcisitv
r 0 P AI POMAI B inquet
t OOPAI PIALoi IBinq ct 7 10 P AI \I u 11 i c C 0 1 c 0PM Sihcr All k Meet n 7 0 P vl \ wcoiuis Biidg'^ ’’ 0 P vl V I sit ( uist in hellawship
Thursday, April 1 00 P AI jci n Rev icw
1 00 P AI T i I Bo til Imfi iLion
1 00 P M /oil IV c Piini
( 00 PM lau Peti P P uiquct
( 00 P M Pi 1 111 Signi i iFriday, April 16
12 0 P AI II hw ly Ivcscuch 1 00 P AI CosmipoliLin Club Meeting ( 00 P AI Bo II 1 of JI tecs 8 00 P AI I hys c Dejn Scpi uc D nee
1 0PM I 1 \ D incc
Saturday, April
1 00 A AI Seed ( disc v ition 1„ 00 noon Alumni I imchcon ( 00 PM Ah mn B uiquef 8 1 5 P AI Ich Convo—I istei Mu»ic
P 10 P M AIixoi
Room 30 Union Room 104 Union Roqm > 2 Union
AA E unity L^c Union Poth Bilhooms Union
7
I 00111 55 Union Is I ill oom Union \ Bilhoom Union II ill of Music Bilhoom Union
The Ratio 3.55.. iM VMNG SI R]
Ihct Chi Dull Mill 111 IS miking sine ol 1 ecping his Alphi Chi pm gill Nancy I icksoii lies j oiiit, to muiy hci in the nc u lutiuo Ihc sLoiv IS th it Did has been becine too n any ol the p issic n pit g ils going astiav yvhilc then pin men 11 e iw ly ( i ])ut vet) so he s tal ing no ch inces on his worn in C ood luci iiicl congi its 1 1 Idles
l‘OMI Its 1 cen i lc)ii„ time since yve ve lilt iiiy VC I sc III ye old eolyum so w( thml this little 1 it will be espe Cl illy ippiopii ite m these times 1 iuie w is i young 1 iily ol 1 ishion \\ilh o lie incl oedles ol ]) issioi Who w is he 11 el to hive said As he jumjiecl ml i be I 1 li ml (ml this IS one thing not 1 itic lied' Kl MOR \\ h IV he ud II imoi going round recently lli it Ii Pin Sis
( ASUAI n Al|)h i C In M 11V r me Snider w is vci y down in the mouth i while hick when sho bend tint hei pin m in 111 the Ai mv Deli Cuit I anius hid biolon both his legs AVe hen Lb it he fell out ol the fointh flooi vvinilow ol i hotel Whit we would like to 1 I ow IS wli it w is he doing on till loinih llooi ol the hole] ’
SPRING Is III R1 1 he Chi 0 pledge loimil Ei iclay night must hive been i gieit sue cess I or i gh ingc we dicln t see the gills bin lying loi the door iioLiiid tyvelve like they usually do Insteul they seemed to piefei to lipgei i yvhile with then dates out in liont Th it s i sine sign tint spi mg s btie guys ml g ils
J<oUowuup JfuL JiounjdajtioniL.
Notices
Well, i must bay, Doctoi bnodgiass t.an t be hall as busy as he makes out to be it he can find lime to send a bill
I cc Room Coultei IT ill Room loO Union Room 3 31 Union AV I ic ilty L^c Union Ball oom Unioi I Eaciilty L,.,o Union
I leldhouse
S Bilhoom Unio Room >63 Union
AVAA C il in
i oom 108 ME Bldg I Reception Rm Enion Room 212 Union Room 232 Union Roam 2f3 Un on Room 307 Union Room 108 Agllill
14
Room 26'’ Union L racultv Lr,e Union Poo 11 130 Union \\ h iculty I ge Union Room j02 Union Room 2( 3 Union Room 07 Union
5
Hall of AIusic Roo n ‘’55 Union
AA EieulfyLge Union E 1 lei Ity I go Union
AVilev IS 1)1 mmim to Rl, miined soon to an ei ign b the n ime of B 11 Hiit'ei Don t t il e much stock m this its only i iiimoi inel you 1 noyv h yv m my ol those uc true At iny 1 ite v c must hiye some thii g to fill the eolyum with ind YOU must hive something to t ilk ihoLit ovei youi moiimg cu|) ol collec
As a part of its organization, the Westminster Foundation has a Westminster Girls’ Glee Club which IS made up of girls who are rnem beis of or affiliated with the Pies by ter ran Church This club was or ganized several years ago on the University campus
1:
The purposes of the club are to form a closer association of women students of the University inter ested in the Presbyterian Church, to offer more religious training and to contribute toward a wholesome social life so that members of the club may be stihuger and more ef ficient women The group meet'' on the second Tuesday of eveiv month and has prominent women on the campus as guest speakers Three women very interested in woi! among young people aie the patronesses ol the club—AIiss Edith Gamble Mis C R Gustavcl ind Mrs J W Find ley The club e tends i cordial m vit ition to cvciy cidette and stu dent to loiii in the fellowship on the nights of meeting The Lutheian Student Associa tion will hold its list meeting of this tei m this evening at 7 30 m Room 597 of the Union There yvill bo i Communion Seiviec on F istei foi those who c innot ittend then home ehuich All those momheis of the Chris tian Found ition planning to go on the bicycle hi e tod iv iie to a'" semble it 131 South Gi int at 2 00 this afternoon Since the number going lb relatively sm il! the hikers will ictuin to the house by o 15 for the evening piogi im This chingc his been mide so that those vyho do not go on the hil e will be ible to ei oy the regular Sundly eve mug loium Tonights discussion concludes the sencb on The Chui ch ind i Just ind Dm ible Peace The Chiistian Fount! ition w sending i deputation teim to Mil ion I c lelei ol the c indie light woibhip SCI vice is Mu ion Will in shaw ot M ibs lehusetts Don Luei Ij iiveisity btudent liom the Alai ion chinch will mtioduce the team and seive is accomi mist foi Byion ‘4picc ol I tna Gicen who will pi ly the tiombone Sjlvii I mley will dclivei 1 ten minute till and movies ol the found ition will bo shown Today the AVeslej rouiiclation will hold elections yvith voting booths and legulii election boaids iiid cleil s it the polls in the Foun elation Center The hours for voting will be liom 9 to 9 ’0 ind 10 25 to 10 40 in the moining incl from 5 to ( ‘’0 ind 7 45 to 8 15 m the ift Cl noon and evening Candid ites for executive offices ue piefeident Beth I iidbeig vice piebidcnt Gcoige loidin secie taiv Cleonice DeK ly treasurer Lowell Knoop assistant J P Lind ley worship chairmen Don Swa gei Wayne Meek world friend ship Riley AIcBee community ic tivities Dave Cartel lecication Hu old Giube Maiy Evi Thomp son WHl W Wo c in t 1 cc]) up with these Thet i pleeRes latelj Ihcv ve been tiling pirib ill ovet the ill icc Sig Dick Boinei ))ut his on levon Mti thinl iftei ibout i week ind i h ill of el ites We vvondci vvh it hci m in it home h is to s iv ihout this Dim II ill ilso pi intod his Bet i 1 leUc on Palsv Bishop thiichv t iking it one time two goo 1 jieople out ol ciieul itioii
Skull and Crescent New initiatts who have not paid initiation fee must do so at once ly —KING Tau Beta Pi Shingles for summer class are available See Seddon at 360 SB Cary Hall Fall class see St Clali at Triangle house for their shingles ■—SEDDON Camera Club Those who had pictures in the exhibit may get them at the west desk —HAYWARD Newman Club Monthly breakfast in St Maiys auditorium on Sunday April H aftei the 0 30 Mass Be theie to hear an announcement conceining a picnic for Sat urelay April 17 —AULT All Women Students If you have not se euied an activities sheet from the AWS olfiei I lease get one fill it oi t and return it to the (ftice immediately MURPHY POMM Bannuet at G p m Wednesday April 14 m Union All members planning to attei d sign sheet on advance couise I ulletin boaid in Armory Pay Chipin your 8o cents before Monday evening —BOSMA Scabbard and Blade Followii g men please repoit for saber practice foi Scabbard and Blade Ball Bring your Sam Brown belt Friday 4 30 in Soith ballroom Lester Smith D C Smith H 4 Luebban f er ing Phillips MeKic Pingl Gordon Fsson vein Poitoi C L Gentles B t/ Seddon —RAFERT Machine Design Courses All drawers in desks in drawing rooms must b vacated and 1 ft nloeked by April 1 It will be neecs aiy to lemove eep ipmont left alter that time 41 e departm nt cannot be rtspon ible f 1 eauipment so remove 1 4UL4 Westminster Girls The la t m cl mg ot the present term mil be hel I m the eh nch 1 ng 3 0 N rth St Supiei s rved t 1 30 I m Rev r n Iley v 11 c n 1 le tl yeirs prugiam with a talk on Religi s R pinsililitics The thtme thio igh it the y 1 r has b tn Tl o P rt tl o Cl i sti in Worn i I 1 ys n tl e Woi 11 Tod ly —THOMA Skull and Crescent Actives P 1 Ik i o S G lie 1 le It B 11 ho —ROBLRrS Tau Beta Fi I m t t 1 s ness m eting mmeliil ly ft i nt tioi fh rs 1 > 'll 1 1 Must 1 now u h 1 11 mb i w 11 b i e\t s lest WENDLLL Chr btian Piundation 1 1 etin f P n dat n Ific rs w II I e h 11 Sun la\ m n iiu I 1 n 11 1 1 etc 1 S n I y v n g I I ACK Chr slim 1 oundati in Bic\ 1 Ik to B t I C ! 11 1 I of 1 Hi f l II 1 1 S ( t St t J n II \C k hts Kappa Nil R gh t t 7 p M n I » 1 1 P Igc I I Act 1 1 1 I rfl 1 11 t t I 1 nt I t I r 1 lOS VI 0 S gma Delta CIi I iitiates 11 i W 1 I 1 5 >0 1 t a o 1 ibl 11 t > c 1 II tl t eil 11 Itvl tl tn tl II 1 a t 1
WOI I
Pi 1 lu Sigma I lesk cs R „h n ti it n II I gl t t 00 m loom lOS Ml bl ild g B t II 1 X 1 d V ar 1 1 el tl GOODRICH V» estminster Cxirls Th m li g u 11 le III I I Vi 1 1 t th W t m n t I nd t IHOMA
Reamers Regular meeting will lie heW
liiesdny night April 13 at 7 00
—BOSWINKI E
A M 21 and 22 Makeup Exams Condi tional exams will be held on Monday April 26 m room 102 Heavilon Hall from 8 to 11 a m -SANDERS
Classified Ads
Typewriters Adding mactiineB all makes sold rented repaired and purchabed Mimeograph work done C T Ebershoff* 605 Main^ Lafayette Phone 2 79 Money to Loan On diamonds watches, guns luggage lypewiiters Alberts Loan Office 40 Columbia Wanted—Students to deliver Purdue Exponent Apply Exponent office or call R H Kifeplinc 8421 Lost—One K E Log Log Decitrig Slide R lie Cali Ba ighman 8407 Rewaid Wanted—English style bieycle with gear shift Men s or women s Call Mast 7264 Five seniors movinj, out of Cary Hall Wo il 1 like 1 s lence f r summer term Will cors^Ui LaUrnity Call Room 40" Cary
H 11
Lost Cnl tan raincoat tan silk lining C ntf ned pan cf p cscrir tion Jens Bun glass s L st at Di tiiehs March 2" Call Ma bcl n)92
Galacade (ConfiniKcI fiom page 3) rioience Schmitt 12 yen old 1 letiopolit in 440 yiid backstioke chimp Dot Williimson one of the foicmost women diveis in the ni tion Cithciine Weincit fiee style! Biibaii Aodice bieast fatiol ei all ol New Yoik and Pat Aspinil Co ich Pipcnguths piodi gy in the 1 i c iststi o! c fi om Indi in
ipolis
Roy Htidko Now to offset this loimidablc may of temminity Kov Ileidl e sophomoie on the Rivetci swim team who at piesent holds two WOI Id s lecoids set last wintei in the Aquacade in the 50 yaid an 1 50 mctci bicislstiole will tike a ciacl it the vvoilds 150 jaid bieaststioko lecoid Theie lb in advance sale ol tickets foi this event now iindei way it the ticl ct window in the Pieldhou e foi 50 cents e ich licl ctb will go on sile it the dooi to moiiovv at ( 30 the doois to the pool will be opened it 7 00 ind the Gcilacidc will begin at 8 00 on the
second
Pi Kappa Phi soci il 11 itcinity hi dieted the lollowing ofliceis toi next yen lolin Menicl Aichon R ilph Olson Tieibuioi Ben Williiins Sicic tuy Geoige Bigj s llistoiiin Willi im ( onint Chipliin Ciiioll Miitindill W11 den ind I i ink Wise Stew ii t
Buy War Bonds
SOvii JOB isn t It’ Having to pick between two such gorgeous beauties is Alice Faye and Lynn Ban—but John Payne manages in tholivish (ethnitoloi musical now plajing at the Mars Theatre, Hello Frisco Hello”
iMiMiiHiM
salesman
go.getting named Bill,
Said—^“WeVe got an order
to fill—
So sign up that pledge. Buy Bonds—and don’t
‘hedge.’
We can—and Vfe must— and we -will!’*
I Help Amorioa emasTi the Put 10% of your tn* como into War Boude and Stampa every payday.
Keep Your Appearance Up Without Letting Your Country Down! Crown cleaning will nol only improye your Personal Appearance, 1ml will preserve the labrie, loo. Yon serve when yon conserve, (lean elollies Lisl longer. Crown Laohdry
FINE DRY CLEANING
(i J
Il w
A 3