m
I
S
This Newspcqper Is Published Each Morning Of, By, and For Students of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
SUtiUAY December 5^1^ Lafayette, Intfiona VOL. 49 No. 70
The Week’s NEWS
Washington
Fisl\ catching was not the President’s only accomplishment this week. While the nation’s number one sportsman was on a week’s fishing trip in the Caribbean, Washington administration leaders back home scored a major victory Thursday. Scene of triumph was the House floor. Feeble Texan Eepresentative Mansfield rolled up in his wheel chair and signed blank 218 on the wages and hours legislation discharge petition. A cheer went up. The prolonged House deadlock was broken. A majority of the House members had signed. Rules committee could no longer withhold the controversial Black-Connerly minimum wage, maximum hour bill from the group. Business was guaranteed action on it by mid-month. But all is not well as yet. Supporters are fighting to prevent a major revision of the present bill. If, as the bill calls for, a blanket wage scale is set up for all states, wage and hour differences between the North and South will be removed. This, say southern representatives, would work to a ^lefinite competitive disadvantage for the South.
Previously prepared Presidential addresses were read to Congress Monday and Tuesday. House and Senate committees are now conducting hearings on the President’s antidepression proposal to cut the cost of financing new home building. Key to the situation may lie in putting builders on a yearly wage. Fifty per cent reduction of federal highway spending was the re quest of the President’s Tuesday message to Congress. This and the cancelling of 1939 highway appro priations are aimed toward balanc ing the budget.
Indiana School Debaters End Annual Conference With over 765 high school debaters, representing 71 schools, in attendance yesterday, the eighth annual debate conference swung into an active closing day. High-lighting the activities was the general session at 10 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall, at which Dr. John P. Senning (affirmative) and the Honorable Samuel R. McKelvie (negative) debated the merits of the
“Unicameral Legislative Sys
Rising dissension regarding Senate crop legislation may “debate” the issue out of the special session into January. Many senators are denouncing the Pope-McGill farm bill as undesirable and unconstitutional. I Labor Harry Bridges, West Coast organizer for CIO, charged Thursday a former AF of L organizer had been sent to Seattle to assassinate him, asserting he had affidavit proof. Bridges says he will demand Federal investigation of the alleged attempt against his life. The affidavit, according to him, states that a Minneapolis AP of L union leader gave one Robert John Bell $1,000 and instructions to “get Bridges.”
tern.” This session was presided over by President Edward C. Elliott. Student Opinion Although admitting that the speakers really “knew their stuff,” an English 14 student who attended the' debate said, “They were too friendly, and each seemed afraid to say things that might hurt the other’s feelings.” High scl^ool debaters took notes on the session and received mimeographed outlines of the negative argument. Practice Debates Following the main session, 116 high school debate teams migrated to the Memorial Union Building and University Hall, where practice debates were held on the same subject, under the supervision of Robert Horn, of the University staff, and Lloyd Wagner, of Delphi. Yesterday afternoon, after the second round of practice debates at 3 o’clock, the conference adjourned having included such headlining events as an intercollegiate debate, a banquet in the Memorial Union ballroom, an evening of “Hell Bent Fer Heaven,” a campus tour, numerous studies of the debate, practice debates, and yesterday’s main session. Photography Contest Winners Will Receive Awards On Wednesday Floodlights for portrait work and photographic equipment will be awarded winners of the Camera Club photography contest at the meeting of the club at 7 p. m. Wednesday in the tower room of the Union. Four prizes of photographic equipment will be presented to the first place winners in the four divisions of the contest. D. W. Williamson will receive the grand prize, the floodlights, for his “Canyon Boy.” Contest winners are as follows: architecture division, first place, R. A. Buckles; second, W. D. Shonkwiler; people division, first, D. W. Williamson; second, J. C. Baker; still life division, first, J. C. Osborn; second, D. W. Williamson; scapes division, fii^st, R. A. Buckles; second, W. D. Hedden. O. L. Foster, P. W. Tanco, and R. Caldwell, local commercial photographers, acted as judges of the contest.
Week-old strike of Greyhound bus drivers ended Thursday. Federal Concilator John L. Conner negotiated an agreement calling for increases in pay for more than 1,000 drivers. Demands for a closed shop were not met by the company, however. In the meantime CIO’s strike in the Fqrd assembly plant at St. Louis continued. Just how effective the strike may be remains a question. Local plant manager Milton N. Johnson said production was normal and would soon be increased. Labor leaders are reported anxious that the St. Louis strike succeed, as they believe their big drive in Dearborn, Mich., will suffer if the former fails. AF of L President William Green met CIO’s Fofinder John L. Lewis Thursday for the first time in more than a year and a half. Whether anything was accomplished in the way of reconciliation between the rival labor leaders is not known. Both men refused interviews.
Higgins Elected Union President Ray Higgins, of the Minnesota Union, was chosen to succeed Lloyd M. Vallely, manager of the Purdue Memorial Union, to the office of President of the Association of College Unions, at the fifth and final session of the eighteenth annual conference of that organization held in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union yesterday morning. This session was devoted entirely to reports of committees, general business and discussion, and election of officers. Paul B. Hartenstein, director of Houston Hall, University of Penn sylvania, was re-elected secretarytreasurer for the coming year. Office of editor of the association’s bulletin was conferred upon Porter Butts from the University of Wisconsin. A vote of thanks was extended to Purdue and President E. C. Elliott by the resolutions committee for the “pleasant and profitable stay” which delegates had enjoyed at the convention. Miss Lorna McLeod, coed executive of the student union, thanked the delegates for their cooperation with the student union
board.
Big Apple Lessons Given By At Katz “Big Apple” lessons were given in the Memorial Union ballroom yesterday afternoon at 4:30 under the sponsorship of Student Union in cooperation with the PIA. The lessons were given by A1 Katz with Kenny O’Neil acting as floor coach, and the PIA orchestra under the direction of Bob Shinn, furnishing the music. Students who wished to learn the “Big Apple” were admitted to the PIA tea dance at 4:30 without PIA cards. The entire affair was very successful, according to Tom Garland, vice-president in charge. There were more than 150 couples participating in the final lesson of the afternoon— forming a circle almost the entire length and width of the ballroom. During the course of the dance two new steps were originated, “The Indiana Swish,” and “The Purdue Boilermaker.”
Preview Of Convo in Union Tuesday Five recorded numbers of the musical program to be presented by the Wagnerian Festival Singers at the coming convocation will be played Tuesday at 7:30 p. m. in the Union music room. Convocation-goers interested in a prehearing of this'music will find these excerpts typical of the numbers to be sung in the regular program. Portraits of the singers will be on display in the music room, and a brief explanatory talk will be given to acquaint those interested with the history of the Wagnerian Singers, the music they will sing, and Wagner, the composer. The music committee of the Student Union, working with the convocation committee, is making a special effort to avail convocationgoers before each program with a prehearing of the program to be presented and the background of the artists.
Judges Name Beauties For Debris Photo Pages Treva Berry, Virginia Hulse, Mary Petticrew, and Martha Wood survived tl^e three eliminations in the Debris beauty contest to win last night before a crowd of at least a thousand students seated and standing in the ballroom of the Memorial
Union Building.
New Union Furnishings Suggest Old English Scenes To Loungers
By Sally McKee
Recollections of William Shakespeare, heraldic pattern^, a fireplace, all antique yet brilliantly new. A wonderful rug and new furniture—these are the finest features of the men’s lounge, first floor, east front, of the Memorial Union Building. The University buyers had been watching the markets for two or three years in search of furnishings for the men’s lounge. They wanted to get a set of furniture, the pieces of which were all in keeping with each other yet varied enough to keep the lounge unmonotonous—interesting for its users. Shakespearian Settees The fireplace set of settees and wing chairs may be seen in the home of William Shakespeare in Stratford, England, the Stratford on the Avon river. The whole room gives even those of us who may only look in “a genuine English feeling.” The rug is a special one. Very special, for the pattern was selected by Marshall Field and Company and
woven particularly on suggestion from Controller R. B. Stewart to fit the style of the room. The heraldic pattern of the rug with its shield, etc., is ingeniously reversible, twistable, and rearrangeable. Stand on your head or your feet, right or left, its always the same. As we said, the rug was specially woven — woven especially of the vei’y best quality material for this, the men’s lounge. , Green Rug Appears And perhaps you noticed a few days after the arrival of the men’s new rug that a new green rug appeai’ed in the main concourse. All this is a part of the program, the program to prevent our Union from beconling dilapidated, the program to refurnish our Union every four
or five years.
Mr. Stewart said when interviewed about the new furniture, “We believe this prevents monotony in the Union and that the students will take good care of the better \juality of furnishings supplied from
time to time.”
Student Orchestra Plays In Ballroom At 4 Today This afternoon ,at four o’clock the University Student Orchestra, under the direction of R. A. Phillips, will present a concert open to all University students, in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. The orchestra is under the supervision of A. P. Stewart. TWA Offers Universify Students Special Rates With special 25 percent reductions in round-trip rates, TWA offers college students the chance to fly home for the holidays at approximately the same cost as first class railroad travel. “Travel time cut to hours instead of days, no tips, meals aloft with the compliments of TWA — these are things which we know will appeal to modern young collegians,” declares Jack Frye, president of the airline. Tickets and reservations may be secured at local travel agencies, hotels and telegraph offices. At the round-trip rate, the new fares are good for departure on any Saturday or Monday. The return flight is not confined to any particular day, except that it must be within the excursion limit of 21 days. Rostone Experimental Plant Near Riverside Destroyed By Flames Friday night fire completely destroyed the experimental plant and laboratories near Riverside of the RHK corporation, manufacturers of Rostone. Rostone, a prefabricated building material, was developed by David E. Ross, president of the University board of trustees; R. L. Harrison, ’23; and the late Prof. H. C. Peffer. Mr. Harrison now is president of the RHK corporation. The entire building was destroyed and the machinery was also ruined. The main plant is now in Lafayette, ,the Riverside plant having been devoted to experimental work in the last few years. Faculty May Still Join Contract Bridge Series New contestants may still join the faculty contract bridge series, which is now in progress. Play starts at 7:30 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building on the third Monday eve ning of each month. Prizes are awarded each evening to the win ning players. Announcement will be made in the future concerning other activities for University Club members, which will consist of volleyball and bowling for members and their
wives.
Training School Hears Keegan Instruction in various phases of handling examinations under the new Indiana drivers license law was given yesterday as the examiners training school swung into its second day. The group of students, including 51 state policemen and 21 from the Motor Vehicle Division, heard Kirk Keegan, of the National Safety Council, begin the day’s program with a talk on accident reports and records. Following came a talk by J. S. Baker, of the same organization, on driver psychology.
Road Tests
Mr. Baker and Joseph L. Lingo, safety specialist on the Purdue staff, gave eye, road sign and literary tests which prospective drivers will have to take and then held a class practice period in this work. Under the program as laid down by the Indiana State Safety Committee, which is in general charge of the program, a total of more than 62,000 new drivers will have to be licensed during the coming months and those taking the work here will conduct this work in the various parts of the state. The examinations will begin December 10 and in order to complete their training schedule in time, classes will be held Sunday for the trainees. Amelia Earhart Honored By Mexico On December 2 the Mexican Consul, Renato Cantu Lara, bestowed his governme:^t posthumous award of the'Order of the Aztec Eagle on Amelia Earhart in recognition of her speedy flight from Los Angeles to Mexico City in 1935. George Palmer Putman, her husband, received the medal for Miss Earhart, who was lost on an attempted flight across the South Pacific several months ago. Putman stated that Miss Ear hart’s large collection of decorations from America, England, Bel gium and Prance eventually may be given to Purdue University, co sponsor of her last flight. Miss Earhart was formerly ; member of the University staff. Meisse Will Speak Before University Club Dec. 7 H. Meisse, Executive Secretary of the Indiana Taxpayers’ Association, will speak at University Club’s next social event, December 7, at 8 p. m. in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. His subject will be “A Mere Equitable System of Taxation.” Refreshments will be served during
the program.
These four co-eds were ‘chosen from sixteen finalists selected after elimination of forty-five from the original sixty-five entrants. Seven of the 72 co-eds registered did not appear. Accompanied by Bud Bryant’s orchestra, and as part of the Union Varsity show which was arranged by Jim Ashton, the co-eds walked across the orchestra stage in an alphabetical order. Each girl was announced by Chuck Ehinger, editor of the 1938 Debris. The selections were made from an artistic point of view, with the judges thinking of the sketches to be made to accompany the girl’s picture in the Debris. The judges, who signed the annormcement of the winners, which was brought to the Exponent office, were Paul Hawkins, Indianapolis artist, who will draw the sketches; A1 Cole, editor of the Indiana Arbutus, and Professor Reed Winsey. Hank Bremer, boilermaker football guard, brought himself repeated ertcores for his vocal solos which he accompanied with the guitar. Ruth Swift gave two' accordian numbers, Mary Ed Johnston sang two popular numbers. Bill Ash and Clark Langworthy showed the crowd how two bored stock show attenders felt, and Maurice Campbell and Russ Mock gave individual per-
formances.
Twenty-five of the original girls were blond, the rest either auburn haired or brunettes. Twenty-six wore blue or green, twelve wore black, and eleven ■wore white. The final sixteen, from whom the four were selected, were Louise Bain, Treva Berry, Martha Brown, Ruth Ezra, Lynn Goodivin, Winifred Gregory, Virginia Hulse, Mary Ed Johnston, Helen McQueen', Mary Petticrew, Elizabeth Pyke, Eve Ruth, Marjorie Starrett, June Stewart, Nan Ward, and Martha Wood. Pedalion Club Gives Annual Holiday Formal Pedalion, local sorority, gave its holiday formal dance last night as Bud Bryant’s campus orchestra played for approximately 125 couples at the Pedalion house. The decorations were laurel and cedar, and the dance lasted from 9 till 12 o’clock. ' Margaret Johnson was social chairman for the occasion and chaperones were Dean Dorothy Stratton,' Professor and Mrs. J. T. Fotos, Doctor and Mrs. Cable, Dr. Harriett O’Shea, and Mrs. Quinn Lewis. Alumnus Gets Position Warren Benson, University alumnus, in the near future will become city engineer of Bedford in place of Henry H. Pearson, who has taken the position of Indiana University building and grounds superintendent. Benson has been working for a Mendota, 111., engineering concern.
Tired Of Writing Letters? Why NotCorrespond Today, The Wireless Wity?
By R. E. Insley
Are you a slave to letter writing ? Does that letter to the folks once a week keep you destitute for time? Is your nose continually on the proverbial grindstone of correspondence? If the constant exchange of epistolary scribbling, necessary to maintain contact with the outside world, takes too much of your valuable time, you need an Amateur Radio Opei‘ator’s license. In order that all Univei'sity students may avail themselves of the opportunity afforded them by the government to operate a “ham station,” the Radio Club is willing and anxious to organize and conduct a class in Morse code—the hardest requirement to be met in the license
exam. Club members, most of them “hams,” realize the difficulty of learning and perfecting the code which confronts all prospective radio amateurs, and therefore are ready to offer a code class if there are enough students that wish it. For the purpose of determining the number of men that would like to take advantage of this opportunity, the club has placed a box on the main Union desk in which all those who ■would like to enroll in such a class should place their names, addresses, and telephone numbers, at the first convenient
chance they have.
Watch the Exponent for further
arrangements.-f ^ \ I Y \ ,/ rv^^"ji;«j fTT j,j.
'/* /
k
*1
THE PDBDUE EXPONENT
Sunday# December 5# 2937
Health Plan Progress (The Daily Illini) Although Champaign residents should hang their heads in shame at waiting so many years before taking up the fight against wide-open prostitution, Twin city citizens—particularly the militant group which battled for the combined health district plan and the doctors who at least have so splendidly co-operated with it—deserve praise for pioneering along new pathways in combating the most horrible of human ailments—^venereal diseases. Suggested by Dr. David Elliott, of the federal bureau of public health, the new setup for venereal disease treatment, to be financed by health district funds (state and local) and administered by members of the county medical society, has just been approved by the Illinois department of health. Under this arrangement, effective next Monday, persons suffering from syphilis or gonorrhea will be treated by a doctor of their choice. If the patient cannot afford this medical attention, so necessary to himself and the persons with whom he comes in contact, health district funds will be used to pay for it. Confidential files of all cases will be kept by the health district nurse. The revised report form, which doctors are required to fill out for the state department of health, will facilitate more complete and accurate venereal disease records. From the student’s point of view, perhaps the most important feature of the new setup is absolute freedom from embarrassment. Venereal disease is always a touchy subject, and nearly everyone wants to keep it known only to himself. This is often impossible when he must report to a public clinic for treatment. With this progressive new plan, however, the student sufferer reports to his own doctor in the privacy of that physician’s office. The embarrassment surrounding treatment in a public clinic is therefore entirely removed. According to a member of the United States Bureau of public health who was here recently, this new arrangement will undoubtedly cause more venereal disease victims to report for treatment because the fear of others knowing their condition will be removed and because, if necessary, the health district will assume the- financial burden. By thus decreasing the number of unreported and
the Purdue Exponent
•WSttOM VflSCOHSm Entered aa second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indians, under the act of Conereas of Match 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postase provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during; the reirular academic year and weekly during; the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $3 per year; by mail $8.60. RBeRESENTED FOR NATIONAU ADVERTISINO BY National AdvertfsisigService, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave New York, N. Y CHICAGO - Boston - Uos Angeles - San Francisco MAIN OFFICE 812 N. Fifth St, Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6087 Business Phone 6088 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building;, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
Editor-In-Chief
BminesE Mniwaror
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
PUBUCATION STAFF Managing; Editor J. E. Brock Associate Editors JD. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance Editor’s Secretary Margraret Sawyer
BUSINESS STAFF
Assistant Business Manager. J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager . . W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager —R. R. Hensler Circulation Manager. . . M. C. Reeves
CO-ED STAFF
Elizabeth Pyke Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin
Sally McKee
SPORTS STAFF R. F. Obenchain _ J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald,
B. D. Witwer
Editor , Associate Editors
Editor .
Associate Editors
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergrraduate students of Purdue University. AU opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief. Issue Editor—Tafel Night Editor—Schroeder Sunday, December 5, 1937
untreated cases the new plan will be a boon to both individual and community health, and it will enable health officials to gain a truer picture of the local venereal disease situation. It is a real step forward. i
UofWL^dsIn College Sports, Says J. R. Tunis University of Washington leads the field in college sports, according to John R. Tunis, famed commenta tor. .“Football may be the most glamorous of sports,” writes Tunis in College Humor, “but other activities must also be considered when determining the athletic standing of a college or university. . . . Supreme the world over on the water with its crew, up front in football, basketball and minor sports like swimming and skiing, Washington clearly takes the blue ribbon.” This is only one of the sensational upsets which Expert Tunis tosses into the critical arena. Some of his other choices include Louisiana State which wins second laxmels, Ohio State third, and Dartmouth, fourth.
By Mary Cooley College students are getting into a “difficult business” when they are urged to think, Dr. George E. Vincent, former president of the Rockefeller Foundation, said in an address on “The Pain of Thinking,” before the Amherst College alumni council. “When we urge college students to think, we are getting them into difficulty. Not only will they find the self-discipline arduous; they are too likely to get themselves thoroughly disliked. People resent differences of opinion. “If we are to preserve the essentials of a unified society and of popular government, v’e shall depend increasingly on an elite not of economic and ‘society’ status but of brains and character, who by their qualities can command the respect and confidence of their fellows, in neighborhood and state.” Theie is a no-smoking rule at Ohio State University, and this is the note the janitor put on the blackboard of the Commerce Building. “I am going to tell the President on anybody I catch smoking in this room. This means you. I am not fooling. I’m good and mad.”—The Janitor. Statistics at the University of Wisconsin extension show that persons from 40 to 49 years of age are better students than youths of 15 to 19. The older students received 24 A’s and three D’s in college courses, compared to 17 A’s and 12 D’s for the youngei group. * * ♦ * Complete “servicing” of Fordham giaduates is the new policy at Fordham University. A college giaduate, like other products of this machine age, gets considerable wear and tear, and Fordham proposes to guarantee its graduates on a replacement basis. Industry can send graduates back to Fordham for more seasoning if any weakness develops. The new placement bureau is the result of a yeaT’s survey among leading employers, and interviews with 92,000 students. “No manufacturer would think of selling a $7,000 airplane, automobile •r any other product without coin-
Debris Group Sittings Schedule
These pictures will be taken Tuesday, Dec. 7, at the scheduled time. 7:00—Cosmopolitan Club. 7:05—Phi Mu. 7:15—Alpha Phi Omega. 7:20—WBAA. 7:30—Playshop Board. 7:35—Theta Alpha Phi. 7:45—Xi Sigma Pi. 7:50—Triton Club.
00^—Hoof and Horn. 05—Alpha Zeta. 15—Ceres. 20—Agriculturist. 30—YWCA. 35—Sigma Delta Psi. 45—Co-op Group I. 50—Co-op Group II. 55—-Concert Choir.
Greek Swimming Meet Scheduled For December 14 Aquatic Greeks“will be given the opportunity to display their wares on December 14 when they convene at the Fieldhouse for the inter-fra-ternity swimming meet. Blanks Out Entry blanks have been sent out; the order of events containing eight divisions: relays, diving, and races being the three main types. Swimming coach Larry LaBree said that he will be glad to give training instructions to anyone on the teams who is interested. Such men should report from 4 to 5 p. m. each day. ' Change Added One change has been added to the rules for the contest; one man can now only enter three events this year, where he could enter all he wanted to last year. All men and fraternities which come out on top will be given the usual medals and a trophy, while one or more men are all that are needed to give their house participation points.
plete servicing to the client,” said Rev. Robert I. Gannon, president. “We in education are making a mistake today. It costs from $4,000 to $7,000 to turn out finished products. We get a job for our product and forget him.” * >(: >i! * A sociologist at Indiana University hired “a well known expert in theft” by the week to tell him about the “trade.” Then he compiled a lexicon of terms in underworld jargon for the several branches of thievery. « « >9 « A University of Minnesota freshman has had to say “Ugh” 97,000 times in the last few weeks. That one word is his entire speaking part in a play.
Volleyball Twelve volley-ball games are to be played in the WAA intramural tournament this week. So many girls leported foi this activity that four leagues of four teams each hWe been organized. Barbara Roderick, head of this WAA activity, asked last night that she be notified one day ahead of schedule if a team wished to change periods. This is in order that she may make shifts in the schedule.
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
By Sally McKee —and handshaking is a medieval custom. Once we told you when and how to shake hands, but only recently did we find the origin of this custom of greeting. In offering to shake hands one extends his right hand. And why not the left? You see it’s this way. A knight of old Europe when fighting with sword wielded that mighty weapon with the right hand. There fore to offer one’s right hand to a friend was an assurance, ordinarily, that you would not whack him down meanwhile. This story also seems to be the explanation of why Victorians considered it insulting for one to offer the left hand when the right one was otherwise employed. So remember—light hand please.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
ARC
CiMLBE HUGGLES • AliCE mm
with LOUIS HAYWARD J A mighty drama of love and war I
MADELEINE CARROLL MART ASTOB • DAVID NIVEN BtmHID. MASSE? • C. AODRE? SMEIH A»D DOUGLAS FAIRBANKS, h at Rapetrt of Hentatau
a«ts TODAY LIIHA
‘I know you only ordered a room for overnight, but here in Lafayette ‘overnight’ doesn’t mean four months!”
Classified Ads
Have you something to buy, sell or find ? If so, you need no longer travel all the way over to the Exponent office in Lafayette. Anyone wishing to
place a classified ad may now do so at the desk in the Memorial Union Building. Ads must be handed in not later than 6 p. m. in order to appear in the next morning’s Exponent.
She’sidkfty, cjnid ether
IREKE DEME CARY CRillYT
Starts TODAY
RALPH BELLAMY ALEXANDER D’ARCY CE/CIL CUNNINGHAM
MARS
• COMING • ON OUR STAGE DUKE ELLINGTON AND HIS ORCHESTRASimdkty, December 5,1937
THE PUBDTJE EXPONENT
a
n
\
Freshmen And Varsity Netmen Slated'To Clash In Annual Battle Purdue basketball fans will hav6 their first chance to see the Boilermaker squad in action this Wednesday night, when the varsity will play the freshmen in a practice game in the new fieldhouse. The game, sponsored by Reamers, will start
at 8 o’clock.
One of the features of this annual pre-season event will be a GimletReamer basketball game between the halves of the regular game. The players will be dressed in varied and novel costumes, and should provide plenty of entertainment for the five minutes their game will run. Last year’s battle turned out a tie, 99-99, with triple overtime. The purpose of these froshvarsity games is to give the players a little actual playing practice before the scheduled games start. It also gives the students a view of the squ^d, so they may have some idea of what to expect in the way of season performance.
Fraternity Basketball Tourney Gets Under Way With the end of a two-game practice round, the Greek basketball season started Friday. The eight teams which are on top at the end of the preliminary round will compete in the final elimination tourney. Each team was scheduled to play two practice games before the
Triangle And Kappa Sig's Reach Finals In Bowling Tourney Tuesday night the Union bowling alleys will feature the finals in the iijter-fraternity tournament which has been under way now for several
weeks.
Triangle fraternity will roll the Kappa Sig’s for the championship which carries with it a trophy and keys for all members of the victorious squad. The runner up gets nothing for its trouble, so both teams will be fighting to continue their as yet unbroken string of wins in order to go back home proudly bearing the spoils of the contest.
opening contests. This is the first time that the facilities of the new Fieldhouse have been used for real intiamural competition Ward teams finished their practice rounds earlier in the week and are well started in their tournament play.
Everybody is Doing the BIG APPLE You will be a big prune if you don't buy a watch from Dick Bath
605 Main Street
(^olhqsL
When debating what to get a co-ed for Christmas take into consideration the dormitory and sorority life and look at the lounging pajamas and robes. She'll enjoy those delightful leisure hours of lounging all the more if she's wearing a stunning negligee or pajama costume.
Riffery
After eight weeks o± practice, the WAA riflery teams have been chosen. The team members during this time must have had at least five practices, and must have the highest score in their group. These teams will compete in the intramural meet December 8 at 7 p. m. in the women’s gymnasium. Kappa Kappa Gamma — Mary Lou Hinchman, Manette Hollingsr worth, Jean Jones, Marilyn McKnight, Jean Schueler, and Josephine Thomas. Pi Beta Phi — Martha Brown, Thelma Bugher, Joanne Edson, Katherine Mounce, Mary McLaughlin, Gabby Roe, Dorothy Shillings, Betty Spears, and Mirian White. Chi Omega — Jean Bailey, Constance Baker, Mary Ellen Delaplane, Rosalin Jackson, Kathryn Merritt, Mary Frances Oliver, Arline Rothenberger, Jean Stiles, Ruth Swift, Emily Tubbs, and Virginia Wright. Alpha Chi Omega—Mary Anderson, Joyce Burnham, Ruth Bryant, Mary Jane Dietrich, Yvonne Holden, Mary Louise Riley, Virginia Royce, and Lois Voelkel. Pedalion — Bernice Beisel, Joyce Davidson, Evelyn Gault, Margaret Ide, Margaret Johnson, Marian Jones, Frieda Riechers, Virginia Ruddy, Mary Jean Sefton, and Betty Soehner Alternates — Jean Soehner and June Hackleman. Phi Mu—Bessie Bannwart, Louise Beggs, Martha Ellis, Mary Louise Hess, Charlotte Lochnew, Marjorie Pierce, Mary Katherine Shilling, Evelyn Smith, Pauline Stone, and Edith Whineiy Alternate — Edith Martin WRH South^—Pat Clymer, Mary Louise GofF, Dorothy Jane Hendrickson, and Ona Morrison. WRH North — Elizabeth Barnes, Irene Boehm, Jeanne Chandler, Maigaiet Crankshaw, Julia McDermid, Mary Smith, and Kay Thrasher Ward I^—Helen Bailey, Dons Christainson, Josephine Cook, Marjoiie Hoover, Mary Knapp, Ruth Maddock, Helen Muterspaugh, Hilda Smith, June Young, and Eleanor Wilson Alternates—Betty Beaudry and Frances Doyle Ward II — Virginia Black, Flay Caldwell, Heanne Campbell, Jean Halmon, Helen Haiper, Maitha Schroder, Jeanette Scalfer, Bette Smith, Joan Yeagei, and Mary Glenn Yeager. Alternates—Esther Dunwoody and Marietta Johnson. Ward HI—Jenny Boedem, Eleanor Fink, Margaret Jenkins, Hanet Major, Leonna Mermeistein, Mary Sholty, and Ruth Yolk Ward IV—Elizabeth Maier and Marj’orie Rogers.
f «<|F f Womens
fielder’s
Athletics
choice
By J. A. Hebbeler - Now that Purdhe has a new Fieldhouse and gymnasium with facilities for most of the minor sports there is no reason for ignoring those sports which, although they do not make money, do provide amusement and exercise for many.
—fc—
For many years Purdue has been knovra for its basketball and football teams, but the other sports, such as tennis, golf, fencing, swimming, track, baseball, boxing, and wrestling, have been slighted. Once every several years there may appear one or two persons in one of these sports who has ability, but there has never been a really good team in any of these sports.
—^fc—
With the new Fieldhouse, interest has been revived in wrestling and for the first time, Purdue is to have a boxing team for competition with other schools. After a seven year lay-off from outside meets, the wrestling squad again faces another school next week.
—^fc—
In tennis, golf, fencing, track, baseball, and swimming, Purdue has had fair teams, but nothing to compare with other Big Ten schools. With an enrollment of 6,000, threefourths of which is men, theie is no reason why the name “Boilermakers” should not be feared in other spoits than football and basketball.
—fc—
There is surely enough material in the student body to make top flight teams in most of these sports if a little more money is provided for the equipment and coaching of them. Why not make Purdue well known athletically in all, rather than in one or two sports?
Basketball —TOMORROW— Couit 1—Lupeai 7 00—Ward 3 vs Waid 7 7 15—^Ward 2 vs Ward 2X 8 25—Ward 8 vs Ward 9 8 40—Waid 13 A vs C H 5 Couit 2—Igney 7 00—Waid 12 vs Waid IIX 7 15—Ward 7X vs Ward llA 8 25—C H 1 vs C. H 4 8 40—C. H 6 vs Waid 12X Couit 3—Gale 7 00—Waid 5 vs Ward 10 7 15—Ward 6 vs Waid IIC 8 25—C. H. 3 vs Ward 13B 8:40—C. H. 2 vs Ward 11
We Have The
Yeu Want for
mm
, 'I'? itt % iHsifhatWjtma jcoliiiit -iiii ^ ,
i -r
You are cordially invited to use our payment plan. ^
GERRY MOHLMAN
Woodworth, Elward, Lambert Attend Big Ten Athletic SchedulesMeeting In Chicago Acting Director of Athletics, Robert C. Woodworth lead a group of members of the University athletic department to Chicago Friday to attend the annual Big Ten meeting for the arrangement of schedules.
Coaches Attend
Other members of the athletic depaitment who are attending the conference are Mai Elward, head football coach; Ward L Lambert, head basketball coach; M. L. Clevett, intramural director; L W LaBree, swimming coach; Herman Phillips, track coach; Claude Reeck, wrestling coach; Melvin Taube, Guy Mackay, Sam Voinoff, Homer Allen, C. L. Doan, ticket manager, and Dr. F. R Eastwood, representing the department of physical educa-
tion.
Outside of /the membeis of the
staff are C. B. Metz, R. W. Middleton, and H. F. Luchtman, intra-
mural managers.
Minor sports will be discussed and the tentative schedules will be completed in fencing, swimming, squash, tennis, track, and golf.
Subjects
Among subjects for discussion will be physical education courses, the question of limiting the number of football players for road trips, and the problem of the number of scouts permitted to watch certain
games.
Sports Scribes’ All-America Roster Contains Cecil Isbell On Second Squad
Intercollegiate Sport Writers'
First Team Daddio (Pitt)
Franco (Fordham) Routt (Texas A. & M.) Wojciechowicz (Fordham) Monsky (Ala.)
Matisi (Pitt.)
Bershak (N. C.)
Frank (Yale)
Goldberg (Pitt.) White (Colorado) Kilgrow (Ala).
On a team selected by sports writers of 83 colleges and universities throughout the country, the three top ranking teams in the eastern half of the states captured seven of the eleven places. The Pitt Panthers were awarded three places, with Fordham and Alabama getting
two posts each.
All-American Team
Position
Second Team
EiS
King (Minn.)
Tackle
Kinard (Miss.)
Guard
Stockton (CaL)
Center
Herwig (CaL)
Guard
Twedell (Minn.)
Tackle
Toll (Princeton)
End
, Sweeney (N. D.)
Back
Luckman (Columbia)
Back
Bottari (Cal.)
Back
Isbell, Cecil (Purdue)
Back
Davis (Indiana)
For the second team, the selections moved more toward the west and in so doing, Cecil Isbell was discovered and placed at one of the backfield positions. Corby Davis of Indiana was given a spot on the second eleven. Purdue was well repiesented in the ballottmg, placing Schreyei on the seventh team at tackle and getting Zachaiy, end, and ^Woltman, tackle, in the honoiable mention list. Not attempting to just pass the positions around, but to pick the best individual players even if it took the entile lineup of one team, California was ignored on the first team. However, the Beais came in for their share of the positions on the ^cond and third teams, placing five men on the two squads Boilermakers Ignored In Indiana Choice Of All-Opponent Eleven Indiana Umversity’s football team has selected its annual allopponent eleven, honoring playeis from four of Indiana’s eight opponents on the gridiron this fall. In their choice the Hoosieis forgot Puidue completely. The Hoosieis selected four from Ohio State, three each fiom Nebiaska and Iowa, and a single playei
I U Names Smithy Deckard Honorary Harrier Captains Tommy Deckard and James Smith, both of Bloomington, have been selected as honorary co-cap-tains of the Indiana University cross country team for the past season. Coach E C. Hayes announced today. Deckard, member of the 1936 U. S Olympic track team, was lunnerup in the National AAU cross countiy meet last Sunday. He has long been lecogmzed as one of the leading distance runners m the nation, and IS holder of the world’s record foi the 3,000-metei indooi steeple-
chase
Smith, lanked today as one of the outstanding negi o athletes in collegiate competition, is the fiist negro ever to be honoied by the captaincy of an Indiana athletic team. This season Smith won the central intercollegiate cross country title, and he also holds the state collegiate record for the mile run He was an Olympic finalist in 1936 and is one of the outstanding distance runners in America Both men are seniors. from Minnesota for their all-opposi-tion team. The selection is as follows: Ends —King, Minnesota, and Lannon, Iowa. Tackles—Shirey, Nebraska, and Schoenbaum, Ohio State. Guaids—Zarnas, Ohio State, and English, Nebraska. Center—^Richardson, Iowa Backs — Kinnick, Iowa; Wasylik, Ohio State; Dodd, Nebraska, and McDonald, Ohio
State.
The Ideal Place for Sunday Evening Dinner
— ^yyimuL — CHINESE DINNER AMERICAN DINNER
Choice of Soup or Tomato Juice
CHOICE OP Plain Chop Suey Chop Suey Chow Mem , Veal Chop Suey Plain Chow Mein Fresh Shrimp Chop Suey With Mushrooms Beef Chow Mem Special Sumgrum Chop Suey Chicken Chow Mem
55c SSc 65c 6Sc 75c 75c 85c SSc
iUCE, EGG POO YOUNG. ROLLS AND B,UTTER CHOICE OF DRINK AND CHOICE OP ICE CREAM. SHERBET OR ALMOND COOKIES
Choice of Soup or Tomato Juice
9ac 75c
CHOICE OF T-Bone Steak Grilled Rib Steak Beef Tenderloin. Mushroom Sauce 75c % Fried Chicken. Country Style 75c Grilled Lamb Chops, Jelly 75c Roast Turkey, Cranberry Sauce .,65c Roast Chicken. Dressingr - 60c Roast Prime ibb of Beef an jus. SSc Grilled Veal Steak _ SSc Fried Pork Chops _ 55c Fried Ham Steak - „ „ SSc Fried Calf Liver and Baci/n. „ 6Qc Fried Calf Sweet Bread SSc Fried N. Y. Count Oysteirs „ 50c Fried Lake Trout, Lemon, Batter SSc Fried Halibut Steak _ SSc Fned Scallops, Tartar Sauce SSc
FRENCH FRIED POTATO^, CAUUFLOWER. ROLLS AND BUTTER. FRUIT SALAD CHOICE OP DRINK AND CHOICE OF ICE CREAM. SHERBET OB FIE
THE NU CHINA CAFE CATERING TO PARTIES 409 Columbia Ph«iie 49$0i.
|y:-
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
officer aboard the stearrier was killed, a sailor and several passengers wounded.
(Continued from page 1) United Automobile Workers of America condemned Senator Van Nuys’ labor i-ecord, urged that Alex Gordon, local labor leader, be selected as the Democratic senatorial nominee next year. War Japan retreated Friday for the first time since the beginning of hostilities in China. Uncle Sam’s 3,000 fighting marines in International Settlement looked too formidable to the undei’-sized Japanese soldiers, A grenade thi’own by a Chinese patriot into a victoi’.y parade of Japanese troops through the Settlement started the trouble. Nipponese units surrounded the entire sector, beat up Chinese, British, and American citizens who got in the way. United States, marines hotly opposed Japanese encroachment in their part of Settlement defenses. Hot words passed between marine and Nipponese officers. As the Japanese troops methodically extended the seized area. Col. Charles Price, commander of the fourth marine regiment, drove up to the line with Capt. Ronald Boone. Stopped by a sentry, the marine officers demanded to see the Japanese commander. The sentry refused, stood fast, but Col. Price threatened and bluffed his way through. As he returned from their headquarters, Japanese officers gave orders to withdraw. .
French troops yesterday halted five Japanese military trucks bound from Hongkew to Nantao, a Chinese distl’ict northwest of Shanghai on the Whangpoo River, Happening only 24 hours after United States marines and Japanese troops narrowly avoided armed conflict, the incident accentuated ill-feeling existing between Japan and foreign forces stationed in the Shanghai area. The trucks were allowed to continue only after a French officer guard climbed aboard each vehicle. France had previously agreed to permit the Japanese movement provided the Nipponese were unarmed, but the supply trucks were manned by 35 soldiers with rifles. Later in the day Japan demanded permission to enter Shanghai's international settlement at will.
a member of the recently formed Fascist Green Shirt Party, opponent of the premier’s nationalist party.
owner and publisher of the Lafayette Journal and Couriei^, was elected Tuesday to serve his third term as president of the Exposition.
repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph Work. G. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
Egyptian Premier Nahas Pasha faced assassination early this week when 26-year-old Izzedine Khader fired four shots at his motor car, but escaped unharmed. Khader is
Mickey Mouse was dropped from the funny pages of the Jugoslavian newspaper Politika Thursday by the order of Belgrade authorities. The strip was too anti-monarchic. National Downdrafts sucked two air race pilots to the earth in 200-mile-an-hour crashes Friday at the opening of Florida’s Miami All-American Air Maneuvers. Rudy Kling, of Lemont, 111., and Rank Haines, of Detroit, Mich., plunged to instant death in separate planes within a split second—apparently caught by the same undertowing wind current. Both pilots’ wives, ace Kling’s small son, and a horrified audience saw each of the planes crash at full speed while rounding the first pylon in the $1,000 Sylva trophy event.
G-man instincts of high school girl Winifred Isgrigg brought four members of an Indianapolis family together this Week after a 22 year separation; two twin brothers, a sister, and their mother.'' ^ Winifred saw Twin Andrew Terry Prather at a dance about a week ago. She spoke to him calling him Albert, since she knew his double— Twin Albert Terry Carlisle. Winifred’s mistake resulted in the reunion of the brothers, caused publication of their picture in an Indianapolis newssheet. Their sister, Mrs. Thelma Roll, saw the photo, wrote their mother, visited the twins. ■ All four are now together again.
PHOTOGRAPHIC XMAS SPECIAL—Three 8x10 for $6,00 Void after December 9th. Hinea's. Wanted: Washings, bundle or family. Soft wat^r. Reference. Reasonable. Call and deliver. Phone
7255.
For Sale: Dependable block Indiana coal that will not clinker. Call Matthews, Phone 7255. Lost: Duplex slide rule, name MacDonald on it. Leave at Union desk.—Reward.
Sunday^ December 5,1937
' All Esp<>n«nt Cp-«d Staff j Meet In Union Exponent office at 4 p. m. December 7. ' —PYKE. Fraternity Presidents: Interfrstemity Presidents Council meeting; postponed until December 9. —WHITING.
WAA Volley Ball: Schedule for Decern-, her 6: 4:00—Kappa vs. WRH North (small gryml. 4:00—Alpha Chi vs. Ward 2 (large gymi, 4:30—Alpha Xi vs. Ward 8 (small gym). 4 .-30—Chi Omega vs. Pedallion (large gym). —BODEBICK.
Foresters: Forestry Club keys are available until December 6. —YOUNG.
Independent Staff: Short meeting December 6 at 7 p. m. for story assignments. Im-
portant!
—TAFED.
Ceres Pledges and Members: Meet in room B of the Union Building December 6 at 7 :30 p. m. for pledge test. , —CHINN.
WAA Volleyball: week:
Games played this
Notices No Notices Accepted After 8 p.m.
Indiana farmers carried off many awards this week at the annual International Livestock Exposition, held in Chicago. Henry W. Marshall,
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machihes, sold, purchased, rented, and
Alpha Lambda Delta: Meeting December 7 at 7:30 p. m. in room A of the Memorial Union Building. —BANDALL.
Senior Mechanicals: Inspection trip reports must be made , by December 16. For particulars see bulletin board in Mechanical Engineering Building. —YOUNG.
December 6—4 :00, Kappa vs. WBH North -small gym; 4:30, Alpha Xi vs. Ward 3— small gym; 6:00, Alpha Chi vs. Ward 2— small gym: 6:00, Chi Omega vs. Pedalion —large gym. December 8—4:00, Theta vs. Streamliners -small gym; 4:30, Pi Phi vs. Pepsters— small gym: 6:00, Pedalion vs. Ann Tweedale—large gym; 6:00, Ward 1 vs. Collegiana—small gym. December 9—4:00, Chi Omega vs- Ward 4—small gym ;4*:00, Alpha Chi vs. Pepsters -large gym; U30, Ward 3 vs. Streamliners -small gym; 4:30, Ward 1 vs. WBH North -large gym. —BODEBICK. Mortar Board: Compulsory meeting of all members at 4 :30 December 6 in the Dean’s office. —BICHEY.
• the Purdue Exponent
Directory
Thiit's Only Half of
Japanese troops siezed the American tugboat Feiting Tuesday and ' reportedly threw its flag into the Whangpoo river. Wednesday, the reports concerning the flag were proven false. U. S. Rear Admiral Hari’y E. Yarnell, nevertheless, demanded in no uncertain terms the tug be brought back. It was returned Wednesday, along with two Italian boats seized at, the same time, and a formal apology was made.
Bookstores SOUTHWORTH'S Everything for the Purdue Student
“DEAG” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
While if' is true the most modern and scientific methods are employed in the Cleaning of Clothes by Crown, that's only half of it. ...... Garments cleaned by us are also moth proofed by the MONITE moth proof process which protects them from moth damage for 6 months or until cleaned again.
Dine
DINE ' DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 al Lindbergh Road
Furniture —
Student Equipment
FI N E C LEA N E H $ OF FI N E C L O T H E S WIST LAFAYETTE OFFICE~-T©P OF THE HILL
Three key strongholds in Nanking’s defenses: Kiangyin, on the Yangtze river; Wutsin, about 20 miles north of Wusih, on the Shang-hai-Nanking railroad; and Ihing,\ about 85 miles southeast of Nan-, king, were captured Monday by Japanese forces in their drive on the Chinese capital. Intense bombardment and incendiary fires, started by retreating Chinese forces left the city in flames. . Rebel bombing raids destroyed three towns on the central Madrid front in the Spanish war Monday. Seventy-five civilians, mostly women and children, were killed: Government aviation, also, was active on the Aragon front. Pueblo de Aifinden was raided three times and Villafranco de Ebro and Almudebar each were raided once. Foreign British Steamer Siushan was riddled with 200 machine gun bullets late yesterday while enroute to Tsungning Island, near Shanghai The Britishers were seeking to rescue nine French nuns marooned for three months on the Japaneseowned island. The chief Chinese
PROFESSIONAL JuhmJtUM ^O. The Risk Dental Cilnic 425 Columbia St. Phone 2728
DB. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK BR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701 Hardware — EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J.SPERBHDW. 822 M AIN — Locksmith —- F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths Automobile key and lock service our specialty. L. C. N. Door Closer Distributors 209-211 N. 5th St., Phone 2828
Beauty Studio
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE Co-ed Specials, Thurs. - Fri. KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727 — Florist —- yhJd&i
635 Main St. in Luna Theatre Building; Phone 7955—8050
■ Printing ■
iRlNTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE _
"’Office Stationery .
D Wedding Invitations PHONE - Sales Books, Etc. 2 62 8 CASSEL’S 408FERRy
(5)
A Christmas gift from Deac's with the Purdue crest on it adds much to the gaiety of the festivities of the Season. We have hundreds of beautiful gifts for Father, Mother, Sister, Brother, Room Mate or Sweetheart.
H. G. “Deac” Reisner
Be The Early Bird Merdiants are ready with the finest display of Christmas merchandise ever assembled. The streets are ablaze with colorful lights—the shops decked in gay holiday attire. The whole city is transformed into a festival of merry making. This is a picture of Lafayette. Do your shopping in Lafayette before going home Christmas.
Patronize Local Merchants