r V. c i
/ ^ f h
Win OrWe*re Boilermakers! Meet the Team At 12:22 PM Today^, !^ Four
Iowa 7
Wisconsin 27
Ohio State 14
Cornell 7
Penn 48
Michigan 20
Nofre Danpe 0 i
Indiana 10
Illinois 6
Dartmouth 3
Army 0
Northwestern f3
Nice Goiit', Queipns! ^ ^You Can Do No Wrong r
'Let Bygonei Be By> gones' — Now Let's BEAT INDIANA!
jOar/y S/nc^s
X 4V Mi y A
%
Volume 52. No. 60
West Lafayette. Indiana
Sunday. November 17. 1940
Gophers Trounce Boilermakers, 33-6
Smerke^ Axton. Carter. Cook Look Good In Defeat
Carroll Selects Lommel, Laur, IKIeses, Ostrander
Judge Picks Prettiest Of 50 Entrants
Purdue's Prettiest Foursome
' 'By Bob Skallerup Four, sweet young things, Jean Laur, Martha Lommel, Jean Moses and Anne Ostrander, touched the top of their college careers last night on the stage of the Music Hall when the world renowned beauty expert, Earl Carroll, chose them Purdue’s prettiest. Music By Cisne Set against a background of soft amber lights and gentle music by Dick Cisne and company, the show started promptly at 7 o’clock when Mary Jane Bachelder, first to appear, stepped from behind the curtains at the right of the stage and caught the spot light. Prom' there, the audience applauded through 50 contestants as Dick Pittenger, master of ceremonies, introduced them. Then followed an interlude of music as Carroll labored to eliminate 26 thoroughly eligible “almost” queens. Second kound And again they paraded. And again Carroll eliminated, coming up with a list of the 13 prettiest. They lined up on the stage for the final test in this order; Anna Belle Ball, Emily Caster, Eoselyn Dill, Anne Garland, Roberta Glezen, Catherine Heitmann,'Jean Laur, Martha Lommel, Pat McLoughlin, Jean Moses, Anne Ostrander, Dotty Sieb and Virginia Sommer. Final Choice Carroll took to the stage for the hardest job of all, picking the final four. He looked at profiles. He viewed backs. Then, with a plea for lenience from an audience that he knew he could not hope to absolutely please, he left the stage. Finally, after a short moment’s pause, the curtains parted and revealed in a blaze of light stood Purdue’s Debris beauty queens for 1940’41—Anne Ostrander, Jean Moses, Martha Lommel and Jean Laur. I Senate Workers if' Dance Tomorrow In Faculty Lounge The Student Senate will hold a closed tea dance tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union. 4;ccording to Senate officials, this dance is open only to members of the Senate, sophomore workers and tlieir dates^ Approximately twentyfiA^ couples are expected. alpsic will be supplied by recordings of popular bands. If enough interest is shown, there will be a series of these dances, Senate officials stated. e.g.k.
. . . joined the court of queens in the Music Hall last night when they suited the fancy of judge Earl Carroll. They are, reading clockwise from the upper left: Anne Ostrander, Martha Lommel, Jean Laur ,Jean Moses.
Earl Carroll Seems Normal, But Scrutiny Shows He's Different
‘Through these portals pass the most beautiful girls in the world.” Emblazoned in lights those words follow one another in orderly succession across the front of Earl Carroll’s theatre-restaurant 2200 miles west of West Lafayette in Hollywood, California. Took Blame And as to the man who claims that slogan, and whose life is devoted to keeping it a reality —^Well, you saw him last night, on the Music Hall' stage a^ he ’ shouldered both the praise and the blame in choosing the four co-eds who rank the campus in poise and beauty. He’s between 46 and 60 years of age, we would judge, with thinning hair, even features and a slight stoop to his shoulders. Alighting from his ’plane at Indianapolis, he appeared the average passenger bent on business in i^e big city with brief case and hesitant smile as he descended the gangway, Soft Spoken His looks belie his personality. Soft spoken, and with an unassuming sort of charm backed by a ready
wit, he took his reception committee by storm, and with two co-eds on each arm he so completely surrounded himself with feminine pulchritude as to remove all possibilities of pL straight-forward newspaper interview. Versatile at conversation, he talked war and clothes and stage and cosmetics, plus a few off-the-record remarks concerning beauty queens among the stars of filmdom. He favors polishing off Japan pronto, looks upon America as the style ctenter of the world, and feels that there is a great future in the field of promotion. And, if we were writing^ What They’re Wearing, we might add that his ties are of hand-blocked silk in the regulation atrocious Hollywood pattern, that his suits are tailored with built-in suspenders, an invention of his own, and that he at his own admission, belts his pajamas in at the waist with the ordinary piece of leather and metal used in maintaining the right altitude for britches.
Sheen Will Address November Worship Convocation Today Speaker Makes Third Appearance On Campus Returning, for his third year as a speaker before the convocations for worship. The Right Reverend Monsignor Fulton J. Sheen of the Catholic University of America, Washington, D. C., will address the November religious convocation this morning at 10:30 o’clock in the Hall of Music on “War and God’s Judg-
ment.”
Choir To Sing In addition to the speaker the 250-voice University choir under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, will provide music ii^or the service. The choir -will render two anthems “Ave Maris Stells” (Jesus, Friend of .Sinners) by Grieg and “Cherubin Song No. 7” by Bortniansky. Rev. J. Edward Holland will lead the congregation in prayer. To upperclassmen ,and townspeople Dr. Sheen is well remembered for his inspiring addresses, filled with his interesting modern philosophy. Besides beinjg a capable speaker, he is an author, educator, and priest. Married Ford, II Last summer he was chosen to read the wedding ceremony for the marriage of Henry Ford, II to Miss MacDonald. Only last month he was the principal speaker at the all-de-, nominational dedicatory services for the third largest statue of Christ in the world. It is on the Mexican borderline at El Paso, Texas. Dr. Sheen wa^ a clergyman a'6 St. Patrick’s Cathedral in New York City from 1913 to 1937. Also An Author Readers will recall him as the author of more than 25 books, as well as booklets. For the past ten years he has appeared in a series of nationwide radio broadcasts. His 1941 programs will start in January. The committee with Dr. LawreneeHadley as chairman has indicated that thousands of persons, not only from the immediate community but from surrounding towns as well, will join the student body this morning in hearing Dr. Sheen. The doors of the Hall of Music will open at 9:46 o’clock, e.w.n. Elliott, Remmers To Speak At Guidance Conference President E. C. Elliott, H. H. Remmers, head of the division of educational reference; R. W. Tylor, dean of the school of education at the University of Chicago; and E. G. Olsen acting head of the department of education at Colgate University, head the list of speakers who will address the annual Guidance Conference to be held on the campus November 29 and 30. Many high school guidance officials are also included on the program according to a bulletin received by the Exponent. The speakers include the following: Dean C. H. Lawshe of Mechanic Arts school, Evansville; I. M. McFadden, Bedford high school; Allegra Nesbit, Lew Wallace high school. Gar/; Hosea Russell, Washington; H. Church, Elkhart; and Dr. C. W. Washburne, Winnetka, 111. e.g.k.
Standout
By JOE DOLAN, Exponent Sports Editor MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Nov. 16—If Minnesota ranks first in the nation’s grid ■standing and Purdue ranks thirty-seventh, Minnesota should win. If Minnesota should score 33 points and Purdue 6 digits, Minnesota would win. Minnesota won. The final count that “Dr. Bierman and Mr. Hyde’s” latest gridiron mixture forced Purdue to swallow was 33-6. Despite the fact that the Boilermakers took a decisive lacing. Carter, Cook, Axton and Smerke were outstanding in defensive tactics. Smerke was great in his pass receiving performance while Petty got off some remarkable punts during the encounter. Also in the “spot” was Axton, who played a whale of a game despite a creditable weight disadvantage and was admired by an enthusiastic gathering of football followers. Viewing stati;^tics of the game—Minnesota, 13 first downs; Purdue 10. Yards rushing, Minnesota, 273; Purdue 10. ■ Today’s battle was played be-
fore a crowd of nearly 46,000 shivering fans who had plowed their way through the snowdrifts that surrounded Memorial Stadium.'Uf)'until today there had Been a blanket of around 16 inches of -the’ afore-mentioned white stuff covef^ ing the gridiron, and both the phers and the Boilerinaket^ had - held their last few drills.mdo<^s. A steam shovel had been called iU to clear the field Friday, but' -didil’t manage to do much' more thUn transfer the drifts into the end
Victor 7th Time Minnesota’s victory assured them of at least a tie in the battle.for conference crown and marked their seventh victory over the Riveters. Previous to this year’s contest, the Boilermakers had beaten the Gophers three times in eleven games and had been tied twice. The last Purdue victory was back in 1932 when the local lads came out on top
Ted Axton, although the lightest man in either line, was one of the defensive standouts of yesterday’s battle. Gopher fans were quick to heap their praises on the slightlybuilt center. Union Show Dress Rehearsal Slated FprlPMToday All students connected with the Union Thanksgiving show, “Everything But Onions,” will meet in the Music Hall this afternoon at 2 o’clock for a dress rehearsal, show officials said yesterday. Student Union workers connected with the Thanksgiving Day show in various capacities such as ushers, ticket-takers and stage workers will be there for this extensive rehearsal in order to give the annual show finishing touches for' its presentation in the Music Hall next Thursday, officials further stated. Rehearsal is expected to extend until 9 p. m., with dramatic and dance groups polishing their co-or-dination, stage crews performing their duties and house crews handling the jobs assigned to them on the. evening of the performance, b.v.d. ' NBC Will Present . . . the life story of Miss Jacqueline Cbchran this morning at 10:30 o’clock. Miss Cochran, a famed aviatrix, was one of the principal speakers of the Vocational Guidsance Conference held last week on campus.
The Tippecanoe County Purdue Club will show moving pictures of the Purdue-Minnesota game in the south ballroom of the Union at 7:30 o’clock tomorrow night. These movies are open to the public.
of a 7-0 score. Last season the Boilennakers came from behind to deadlock the score, 13-13. The Gophers lost no time in getting their> scoring activities of the afternoon under way. On the opening kick-off Paffrath took Petty^s boot on his own 10-yard line andproceeded to please the crowd 'with a little juggling act before Franck finally picked up the loose 'ball and raced down the sidelines for a touchdown. Paschka’s kick was good and Minnesota led, 7-0. Carter 'Travete Carter took the Gopher kiri:-off on his own goal line and managed to wiggle up the field to about the 23-yard marker. Two plays for the Boilermakers went nowher^ fast and Petty punted out on th^ Minnesota 39. The northern la& then ^proceeded to roll up three first downs in a row to put the ball deep intq Riveter territory. Smith was spilled for ^ an eight-yard loss by Rankin, and then a Gopher pass feU incomplete in the end zone. Smith, Franck Smith and Franck, Minnesota’s touchdown twins, brought the ball to Purdue’s 20, and then Smith proceeded to dash through the nuddle of the line for another touchdown. The conversion was good, making (Continued on page 3).p
5** Colunm
According to all latest reports, the Greeks have been successfully mopping up on II Duce’s boys until the total casualties number some 50,000. Which is of great international importance. Economically. Because of the strain it puts on the spaghetti market.
As if it wasn’t complicated enough already without the Ajax cruising up and down the Mediterranean. Making it necessary. To smuggle the stuff out overland.
If Benito’s luck takes one more turn for the worse we will look to Switerland for the next move. They ought to figure by now that it’s pretty easy. And when the Greeks get ready to move in, they can pull a Joe Stalin. All they have to do is mass the Boy Scotits on the border. And issue an ultimatum. * * *
Which brings to mind the Italian navy which was last reported hiding out somewhere in the Alps. Putting the Swiss in a position to swing a decisive naval action. From their base on Lake Geneva.
The Purdue Exponent
■eetion 1108, aet of October 8, 1917, authorized Januaiy 20, 1022. Published daily except Monday dnrinc the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delirered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Editor-in-Chtef K. W. Donahaa Business Manager Jfeile Hagemayer Publication Staff News Editor ....—J. H. McKee Managing Oiditor. . ■ w n. K. Heiple Assodate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. OchUtree, 3. A. Purcell, £b W. Suffner, B. M. Skallerup, J. la. Traugott. Butinen Staff f Local Advertising Managers: D. S Powers, G. O. Landers; Promotion Manager, G. F. Danglemtder; Accounts Manager, E. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, B. M. Recktenwald. , Co-ed'Staff Editor — Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna SiesB. Sportt Staff Editor — J. P. Dolan Associate liters: J. E. Adamson, P. C. Jobnsen, R. O. Swaim. ,
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792
Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inti, College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. > Staff For This Issue
Night Editor: Purcell Ass’t. Night Editor: Tewksbury Day Editor: Miller Night Sports Editor: Adamson Sophomore Staff: A Hunter, E G. Kiep^, B Van Deusen, C, A Stoeckel, E. W Ntordlinger, J % Keeler, J F. Amos, Jane Ramsdell, Mary McKaffie and Peg Howard
On second thought maybe Lake Geneva wouldn’t be such a strategic spot from which to launch a campaign. The last affair that was launched at Lake Geneva met a sad fate in Ethiopia. And we do mean the League of Nations.
system among nations. (Managers Stalin, Hitler and Mussolini, please note.)
Maybe that league should follow the course of the baseball leagues and hire Commissioner Landis. To decide who’s exploiting who and abolish the farm
And for today’s prize headline we submit: U. S. FIGHTS WAR ^ WITH HEADLINES, GAYDA CHARGES We hope that they haven’t overlooked that printer’s type is made from a good grade of lead alloy and that lead is deadly poisonous. When taken internally, dkh and rwd
Joein ’ ^Round
By Peggy Howard
Yes siree, this was one big weekend—^what with all the fellows getting their tux and tails out of the mothballs and all the co-eds whipping up some frothy fiew creations to welcome in the 1940-’41 formal season! Yours truly spent most of the time Friday night looking for Hedy Lamarr—Searched the whole Union from Music Room to dark rooms, but couldn’t make any Hedy-way.— Can’t say we blame her much for not showing up, though, with a cannon stuck in every doorway.
mal last night at the chapter house . . . The affair was a dinner dance and Wayne Carr from the University of Illinois furnished the music. The Theta Tau’s also entertained their pledges last night at a radio dance at the chapter house. The dance was an informal “hard times” party. _ The Phi Belt’s, too, went social last night with an informal radio dance at their house. It sure keeps you moving to take in all those dances!
queens
Of course, you all went to the beauty contest last night, so there’s
As usual we liked the downstairs band better than the featured one— Seems from the crowd downstairs that a lot of other people agreed, but maybe it was just the lack of lights there that was the attraction. — Charlie Barnet’s swing was super, no doubt, but we can’t picture ourselves doing the jumping-jive all evening without getting tangled up in our tpn-yard skirt or having our feet pulverized by our partner’s army boots. Give me Arnheim’s sweet music!
By the way, just heard a cute poem . . . Orchids, orchids, eveiywhere And all the wallets shrink; Orchids, orchids everywhere Then not a drop to drink. Reminiscent of Military Ball, eh what?
Last night saw more fraternity dances get under way ... The Theta Chi’s and Phi Kappa Tau’s held their pledge dances at their respective houses. Paul Reedy syncopated at the Theta Chi house, while BiU Martin wielded the baton for the Phi Tau’s. The Chi Omega’s had their formal pledge dance at Allen’s ballroom with Maury Mahns playing for the affair. Over at the Alpha Xi house, the pledges and guests were entertained at a formal dance with Irv Givin playing. The Phi Gams had their fall for-
WORLD WIDE NEWS
MARS
SATURDAY, NOV. 30
SAM H HARRIS Presents the
MOSS HARTbwT GEO S-RAUFMAU SENSAnON
THE MAN WHO CAME TO DINNER
ett^ CLIFTON WFBB
MAIL ORDERS NOW EVENING AT 8:00— 83c. $1.10, $1.65, $2.20, $2.75 MATINEE AT 2:30— 5Sc, 83c, $1.10, $1.65
LUMA
TODAY-MONDAY — 2 SWELL HITS —
Mdiie spectacular and exciting than th4 unforgettable 'Jesse Janies'!
MISCHA AUER NAN GREY TOM BROWN EDGAR KENNEDY ALLEN iENKINS EDDIE QUILLAN WALLY VERNON HODGES
IN TECHNICOLOR!
FIRST LAFAYETTE SHOWING
Classical Recordings
The Union Music Room will feature “Ballads for Americans,” sung by Paul Robeson, famous Negro bass, Wednesday evening at 7:30 o’clock at its second program in a series of semi-weekly programs of modem recorded classical music.
not much I need to say, exJept, it seems like thesr* find a new use for that Music Hall everyday. Wonder how we struggled along without it? However, I would advise that next year the managenjent provide a combination telescope - field glass with every 10 cent balcony seat. Congratulations to our four new
Also on the prog^ram, according to Barbara Fellows, Union vice-presi-dent, is Prokofieff’^ “Peter and the Wolf,” a fairy tale in which the various instruments play the parts ^of the characters, Enesco’s “Roumanian Rhapsody” and selections from Deems Taylor’s “Through the Looking Glass.” The recordings are loaned to the Union by the Foster Shop, e.g.k.
We’re all waiting with bated breath for the Thanksgiving show this week. We hear that theYe is a little can-can burlesque in the show that will knock your eyes apart. Just to give you a rough idea, Ted Hennis, Swede Thursby and Carl Potenza are three of the dainty chorines. . . . Don’t miss the show . . .
125 CQuples Attend Mixer
As Warpy Waterfall Plays
Approximately 126 couples danced to the delightful rhythms of Warpy Waterfall and his Indiana university campus band last night in the north Union ballroom. Waterfall’s band (formerly Hal Lieber’s) is pdpular on the campus and has played here several times before, most recently at last spring’s Gold Peppers’ dance.
The mixer was in honor of the new Purdue beauty queens who Were introduced during the intermission. Dancing lasted from 9 o’clock ’til 12 o’clock. p.a.h.
“I love the approach of winter, when the leaves have gone, and there’s an unobstructed view of glorious nature and the Smith’s upstairs windows—”
Folk Dancers Swing Hoof And Horn
Out To Olden Tunes
Next Friday night Bemie Cummins will breeze into town to play for the pre-Dad’s Day mixer. We do seem to be getting our share of good name bands this year, Cummins certainly is A-1. The Pi K A’s are having a radio dance at their house this'same night. There will be many informal dances given next week-end in honor of returning alums. Of course, Saturday is the game, and though we have to bring out our red flannels, wear six coats and carry a hot water bottle, we’ll be on hand to see Purdue win that Old Oaken Bucket.
Well, I guess I’ll go eat a bite, I’ve rambled long enough . . . Meet you in the Sweet Shop at 4, Joes. S’long—.
“Swing your partner, watch that step, we’re doing the Lambeth Walk a la Indiana,” spoke out Kenneth Truax as the Interfoundational Folk Dance sponsored by the Purdue Religious Council went stepping in the Women’s Gymnasium last night. Over 100 couples attended to learn some of the steps that ou^ forefathers enjoyed. A staff of folk dance authorities were on hand to demonstrate such streamline versions as the Cicilian Circle, Chimes of Dunkirk and Hinky Dinky, In the Virg^inia Reel the dancers put life into grandpa’s favorite. Bingo was a modern number that was taught to the couples, e.w.n.
. . . animal husbandry honorary, will sponsor the annual “Little International” stock show to be held Wednesday evening in the Livestock Judging Pavilion. The exhibition will display the cattle, hogs, and sheep which the University will later show at the International Livestock Show in Chicago, and also many of the University’s draft horses.
V
\<iun^y
Is Your
Winter-Wardrobe* Ready?
It 8 important that your campusclothes he ready for quick weam ther changes. Phono Pj*epareNow . . . with Sanitone Cleaning!
American
ARC
TODAY - TOMORROW
A Columbia Piehira
— ALSO — 'FISH FOLLIES" Cartoon
NOW SHOWING TWO FIRST RUN HITS!
IT'S COLLEGIATE!
IT'S COLORFUL!
8 RODGERS and HART mt tunes!
PLUS-
^ Produced ac . directed hy GEORGE ABBOTT
Lucille Bail •Richard Carlson Ann Miller •Eddie Bracken ranees Langford •Desi Arnaz^Hal LeRoy RKO RADIO Picture
If you like your murder mystries different see— STRANGER ON THE THIRD FLOOR Strange . . . Startling . . . Sensational with PETER LORRE — JOHN McGUIRE
NOW PLAYING
The season's biggest, most important picture! . . . unfolling a di^ama of feud and flame that swept the West like a prairie fire.
with WAliTfiR BRUNNAN — FRED STONE • DORIS DAVENPORT — DIrscUd by WILLIAM WVLER Ji: RtleoMd Ihni UNHID MTinS
‘•f-i
P
!r.
\'
V' n {*5 '1^X
I
fiuhdutt £xpotuuidt
Sunday* November 17* 1940
3 ^Sswifiist
f y ^'A > h % f r 4^ r
f
Hoosiers Will Invade Boilermaker's t ^ RosS'Ade Stadium Next Saturdey Indiana comes north next Saturday to battle the Riveters in Ross-Ade Stadium for the possession of the Old Oaken Bucket. Fifteen times the Hoosiers' have met the Boilermalcers and twelve times the Boilermakers have proven their superiority over the Hoosiers.
Conference Harrier Meet Tomorrow
Seven Boilermalcers Leave For Chicago Today; Ed Holderman Favored ToWin
The records show that just three times have the lU men tasted victory; in 1930 with a score of 7 to 6, in 1934 by a score of 17 to 7, and again in 1936 with a 7 to 0 score. In 1926, the first year of the series, the teams fought for the entire hour without eithe)<one scoring. In 1936 they fought to a stand still with a final score of 20-all. Prom the figures on the games that have been played so far this year, the Riveters should come out on top without too piuch of a struggle. Both the Hoosiers and the Riveters have played against Iowa, Ohio State, Michigan State and Wisconsin. Result: The Hoosier^ beat Iowa 10 to 6 and Michigan State 20 to 0. They lost to Ohio State 21 to 6 and Wisconsin 27 to 10. On the other side of the fence, the Riveters beat Iowa 21 to 6, lost to Michigan State 20 to 7, to Ohio State 17 to 14 and Wisconsin 14 to 13, showing that in most cases the Boilermakers have the superior team.
Riveters
Year
1925 1926 1927
1928 14
0
M 21
1929 1930 . 1981 1932 1983 . 1934 . 1986 . 1986 . 1987 . 1988 . 1989 .
Indiana 0 14 6 0 0 7 0 7 8 17 7 20 6 6 6
At any rate, win or lose, the team will be in there fighting.
According to statistical records, 1 out of every 32,780 lines bowled reaches the 300 mark.
Gophers Trounce t (Continued from page 1) the score 14-0 in favor of Minnesota with about five minutes left in thfe first period. Mike Byelene' entered the game for the first time since the Michigan State affair and ran the kick-off back to his own 36-yard line. A minute later the Boilermakers made their first 1st down on a 11-yard pass, Byelene to Carter. The Riveters failed to gain again and Carter got off a nice punt that rolled out of bounds on the Gopher’s 10yard line. After an exchange of punts. Petty fumbled on his own 36 and the ball was recovered by Minnesota. Bill Daley then ran through the entire Purdue team on the first play to put the Gophers ahead, 20-0. His attempt for the conversion was blocked and the half ended with the score still 20-0. Attack Bog s Down In the third quarter, the Boilermaker running attack continued to bog down, the only yardage that it picked up being on one of the five times that Minnesota was penalized for holding. Gopher power dragged the ball down to the Riveter 1-yard marker where three plays and another penalty for holding lost 17 yards. On the last down, Joe Mernik put one of his specialized field goals over the cross bars and Minnesota led, 23-0. Just before the third period ended three Boilermaker passes advanced the ball into Gopher terri-
Riveter Tankmen Prepare For Invasion Of Keifer And Jaretz
s ''
With an important role in the fourth annual Aquacade in its possession, the Riveter swimming squad has begun to work into peak for this week with a series of fast workouts. Time trials, held last night, gave promise of several startling performances oh the Aquacade nights of November 29 and 30. A capacity crowd of JOO is expected for both shows.
1 Human Fish Lost News, both'good and bad, reached the aquacade‘headquarters over the week-end, the bad b^ing the loss of Johnny Howard, the human fish, who is now a member of the United States Army. To keep the underwater act alive, Ae services of P^te Reiser, an 11-year-old swimming prodigy, have been acquired. Among the items of good news Is the surety of the appearance of Adolph Keifer and Otto Jaretz, who are coming from Chicago to appear in the show. The Boilerpiaker swimming team will pit several of its members against Keifer and Jaretz, who in their styles of swimming, are the nation’s best. Jaretz, who was named as 1939’s outstanding freestyler and winner of four places on the All-American Olympic -team, will perhaps find enough competition in Carney and Kratzer to spur him to a record-breaking dash. Keifer will find his competition in the form of Riveter Johnny Dilly, national junior back-sttoke champ.
Stars Galore
Three members of Lane Tech’s swimming team, the Illinois state crown winners, will be^ on hand to make Jaretz, a former Lane Tech star, feel at home. Tickets for the Aquacade are now available for 40 cents from Triton, Dolphin and Reamer club members. The 700 seats are reserved, but temporary bleacher seats will take care of any overflow. j.d.f.
tory for the first time. A fourthdown tos^ failed to connect, and the Riveters lost the ball on downs somewhere in the vicinity of the 24yard line just as the quarter ended.
Petty Boots
A beautiful punt by Petty set Bierman’s squad back on its heels when his boot rolled out on the 2yard marker. Franck kicked out of danger and Galvin returned the ball to Minnesota’s 36. A pair of passes, Galvin to Smerke, brought the ball
down to the 3-yard line.
Petty-tried the line on three plays for a net gain of about 2 yards, and then plunged over on his fourth attempt. Galvin’s kick was -blocked,
making the score 23-6.
Just to make things a little more secure, Memik added aiQ.other field goal from the 20-yard line midway in the final period. With about a minute and a half left to go in the contest, one of the desperate Boilermaker passes was intercepted in midfield by Lushine, who proceeded to *gallop over for another tally. Bartelt’s kick was good, making the
final score 33-6.
( Statistics Minnesota
First Downs 18 Yards Gained 365 Yards Gained by Rushing .. 273 Yards Gained by Passing 9 Passes Attempted 9 Passed Completed 1
Interceptions
Fumbles recovered Yards Penalized ... Yardage per Punt
Purdue 10 168 10 126 32 13
1 1
10 49
f
SERVICE
For quick service . . . for speedy results . . . have your dinner in the COFFEE SHOP. Whether you are looking for^new dishes or improved old ones . . . whether you are looking for a complete meal or a snack between classes, drop in the COFFEE SHOP and you will be sure to find the answer to all of your problems. Quick service, good fobd, pleasant surroundings and moderate price are the outstanding features of the COFFEE SHOP.^
THE COFFEE SHOP In the North Hall of First Floor
jt/uL \ ^ pnupdbuuL ^ m TUsimmictL lAjnmtL
The Comer of the Campus^Yfit the Center of Activities
Phi Kappa Sigma . . . announces the pledging of the following men: Tom Grove, Dowagiac, Mich.; John Dilly, Huntington; Tennant Metz, Louisville, Ky.; Paul Terstegge, Louisville, Ky. Clinton R, Hanna ... EE ’22, a native of Indianapolis, was recently awarded the Silver “W,” Westinghouse Order of Merit, for outstanding contributions to the electrical and mechanical arts and to company progress during 1940.
Tomorrow afternoon at Washington Park in Chicago, approximately seventy-five Western Conference cross country men will compete in the annual Big Ten championship meet. Seven runners who ^re to represent the Old Gold and Black in the fray will leave at noon today for the Windy City and will remain at the Windermere Hotel on the south side throughout their stay. Seven Make 'Trip
\
The seven making the trip are Holderman, captain of the team, Appleton, McLaughlin, Reeves, Jarvis, Jentsch and Stanley. Captain Holderman is conceeded a good chance of copping the top individual scoring honors. The Riveters as a whole, however, while admittedly in the top three, are rated as having no better than a fighting chance to steal the crown. Last year the meet was won by Wisconsin, largely by virtue of Walter Mehl who set the pace, but is now lost to them through graduation. This year Indiana, who has three outstanding runners. Hedges, Kane and Tolliver, is the favorite in odds for Big Ten champion. However, the Boilermakers, the Badgers of Wisconsin and Ohio State all have good chances of coming out on top. Better This Year It is expected that tomorrow afternoon after the race has been run over the four-mile course that the Riveters will have done consider-' ably better than last year, when they finished up in a tie for third place with Ohio .State. This will be the last race for many of Coach Phillips* runners, for after tomorrow only the national collocate meet will remain. It is estimated that each Riveter cross-country man has run appnncimately 260 miles since the season started. Yester^y the team finished off their practice sessions for the meet tomorrow by jogging^ through a short two-mile workout, j-slk.
NOW IS THE TIME TO hAve XMAS PORTRAITS MADE BY TANGO PHOTOGRAPHER Phone 6433*
Hawkeyes Topple Notre Dame From Undefeated Ranks Notre Dame’s luck, run dry from their last two games, failed them completely yesterday afternoon, and Iowa, with one lone touchdown, made it two years in a row that they found themselves on the top end of an upset over a highly favored Irish eleven. The only score of the game was made late in the final quarter when Iowa, capitalizing on three Notre Dame fumbles, was able to tally seven points. Only three times during the game were the Irish in scoring position, once in the first half and twice in the second. Early in the final quarlAer they missed a touchdown by one telling foot of Hawkeye territory. Then with six minutes of the game remaining Iowa scored, converted and managed to stave off the desperate Notre Dame eleven until the gun sounded. Wisconsin 27; Indiana 10 Scoring once id the first period and three times in the second, Wisconsin coasted through the final half to defeat a surprised Hoosier eleven, 27-10. The first score of the game was made in the opening minutes when Indiana capitalized on a Wisconsin fumble by booting a field goal from the 26. However, a short time later the Badgers scored and from then on 'it was Wisconsin all the way. Indiana tallied their remaining seven points in the fourth quarter. Ohio State 14; Illinois 6 Maintaining the lead all the way, Ohio State outclassed the Illinois eleven yesterday to the tune of 14 to 6. Don Scott was unquestionably the star of the game, scoring and making the conversions for both of Buckeye touchdowns in the first and third quarters. In the finah period "the mini were able to push over a late touchdown but they failed to convert and the game ended, 14-6. Michigan 20; Northwestern 13 Michigkn, playing its last home game of the season, yesterday soundly defeated the Northwestern Wildcats 20 to 13 before a huge crowd of 86,000. Harmon and Westfall shared complete honors for renning up the Wolverines’ total of 20
points.
Northwestern’s first touchdown came on the first play of the secon quarter when De Correvont passed 26 yards to Motl who ran 22 more to score. The Wolverines garnered all of their points in the first and second periods, while Northwestern made six points in the second quarter and seven in the last. j.s.k.
Indiana Cattlemen I To Convene Here On November 22 According to observations made yesterday by officials of the Indiana Cattle Feeders’ Association, cattlemen from over the state will convene at the University on Friday, November 22, io discuss business conditions among members of the association. Members will also look pver the seventy head of steers recently purchased by the University for use in the annual winter feeding tests, and view the progress of their two million dollar meat consumption advertising campaign. Speakers for the program include Prof. Prank King, head of the animal husbandry department; Doctor E. C. Young of the farm management department, and a representative of the Institute of American Meat Packers. r.r.r. Appointment ... of Walter Rosenbaum, Ag *39, to the position of assistant^ chemist has been announced by Kingan and Company, Indianapolis.
T Have You Prepared YOUR CLOTHES For Winter?
"Lowest Prices Quality Will Permit" Northwestern at Vine Phone 4081'I'':'4
ms
^jopt -TtatkeA
Sunday^ November 17.1940
Is
If
:ii-
Church Directory
(Ibu JhsL £diioh. SiiSJL 9L ...
The Freshman Commission of the Wesley Foundation will have its monthly breakfast meeting today at 8 a. m. at the Foundation House with tickets at five cents. Any freshman who is interested in the Foiindation or in the Methodist church is eligible to belong. Plans for a Thanksgiving house-party and a Christmas tree party will be made. Beth Ludberg is president of this
'The Big Game^ Awaits
group.
Methodist Students 8:00 a. m. Freshman Commission breakfast. 9:30 a. m. Sunday School. Co-ed department at Foundation: j 1. “How Can I Find a Great Cause into Which I Can Put My Life?” Mrs. Harriet Reynolds. 2. “The Denominations,” Mrs. McFadden. Men’s Student Classes at church: 1. “The Race Problem,” Dr. J. D. Leevy. 2. “Letters of St. Paul,” Rev. McFadden. 10:40 a. m. Morning Worship Service. Sermon by Rev. Steele oft “A Door of Hope.” 5:15 p. m. Student Fellowship supper at the Foundation, 15 c'eftts. 6:00-7:45 p. m. Epworth League at the church. 6:00 p. m. Fellowship Hour; ’ 6:30 p. m. Discussion groups bn “Preparation for Home and Marriage,” led by A. A. Smith and others.- ■ ; . 7:15 p. m. Formal Worship.^bi^ice in the auditorium. , f
St. John’s Episcopal Church' ' Sixth and Ferry Sti^tb ' ' 8:00 a. m. Holy CbmmrfMbfti ' ' ^ 10:45 a. m. Morning pfa^r arid sermon. '' 6:00 p. ni. Seabury Society^' MrJ Philip Herizej senior thebhariical, will present a diseussibn of accomplishments of the recent Episcopal General Convention/.: - ^
Well, maybe we haven’t got the best football team in the world. Some of us seem to have had somd sort of a notion to that effect, probably inspired by our decisive victory over Butler and our close battle with the highly over-rated Ohio State. If we were to stop and consider what we thought of our chances before these games perhaps we could be more reasonable in our attitude toward the team. Yesterday they played the toughest team in the country and the score is a good indication of just how good we are nationally. Well, maybe we aren’t the best but we can still beat Indiana, we hope. These formal dances certainly bring out the faculty, in addition to the imports. It seemed as if everyone but Prexy was there. Things like that definitely help student-faculty relations. More of the faculty should come around to the mixers. We aren’t all jitterbugs and it gives us students a chance to meet you “outside of business hours.” We heard lots of gripes this last week about the volume of ads that crowded the paper. Unfortunately, the volume of advertising is almost as unpredictable as our football team. For the benefit of our critics who are accusing us of being “moneymad” we’d like to point out that certain little things like printing contracts do not make our paper as flexible in size as we’d like to have it. However, if you can keep your shirts on until Tuesday we’ll be able to expand slightly to handle the small boom we’re experiencing. Further, we recommend that you compare the advertising now with that next spring and then wonder how we operate. And don’t forget, we are entirely selfsupporting. Now that we have that off our chest we’d like to figure a little about the size of the crowd at the station today. The team will be in at noon and after their loss yesterday they’re going to need lots of encouragement in order to BEAT INDIANA. iVisgr. Sheen is going to be here today for the second religious convocation of the year. We remember Msgr. Sheen from former convocations as one of the best speakers it has been our pleasure to listen to on this campus. And we’ve heard a lot of good speakers. It wouldn’t be such a bad season if we BEAT INDIANA, would it?
West Lafayette Baptist Cliiu-ch .. ,Chauricey and Columbia , Joseph Baird Gleason, Pastor . , 9:30 a. m. Rdger WiUiams class. Prof. Ted Noss, teacher. 10:35 a, m. Thanksgiving sermon by the pastor, “Thanks. He Lord God.” Robert Burger will sing “The Lord Is My Shepherd,’/ by Melcott. The choir will sing “Praise the Lord O Jerusalem,” by . Maunder.' ■ . -'v- • \ " 5:30 p. m. Roger Williams club fellowship and 10 cent lunch. « • 5:30 p. m. DiscussionOgroup.'Dr. Holmes Martin, head of the pbultry department of the University -‘will' speak on the subject, “Genetics and Human Betterment.” - 7:30 p. m. Annual Thanksgiving festival in Cynthia Jones Hall. Special music and the reading of Riley poems by Prof, G. E. Davis, of the University. •
; ,10:30, a. in. There will be a University convocation in the Music H.ali. The Right .Reverend Monsignor Fulton J. Sheen will speak on “War and God’s Judgment.” 4:45 p. m. Meeting of members of the session. 6:60 p. m. Sunday Evening club will meet And have supper. All students are invited to join in the fellowship. 7:00 p. m. Professor Charles Murphy of the history department will speak on “America’s Responsibility.’?
Metallurgist
. . . William Thompson, Met ’40, has accepted a three-year contract with the Steel Corporation of Bengal Ltd. in their Burnpur, India, plant.
6:00 p. m. Forum at the church. There will be singing, recreation, discussion and worship. Discussion topic: “Impressions of Mexico,” by Gloria Fox. Worship reader: Jean Steigerwald.
University Presbyterian Church North and Grant Streets Dr. John W. Findley, Pastor and Director of Westminster Foundation. Robert S. Thomas, Assistant. 9:30 a. m. Sunday morning dis.^ cussion groups will continue with Dr. Graves leading the group on “The Life of Jesus,” and Mr. Thomas leading the group on “The Church and Social Action.”
, Purdue Christian Foundation Lafayette Christian Church Sixth and North streets 9:30 a. m. Student class. Doyle Mullins will give the second in a series of three speeches on “Understanding Myself.” 10:40 a. m. Church worship. “The Church and Modern Issues.” :5:15 p. m. Ten cent supper, at 126 S. Chauncey.
Notices
Agricultural Education Society; Open meeting Monday, November 18, at 7:30 in west faculty lounge. Harry Davis, director of search of the Farm Equipment ;Institute, will speak. —CROOKS,
Freshman Exponent Co-eds: Work schedule is posted in office. Check schedule and reporii dh night assigned; • —SIMPSON.
Mrs. Lola, Spiritualist' Reader and Advisor Gives truthful advice on all' affairs, must tell what you want to know, without asking questions. SATISFACTION GUARANTEED. HOURS 9:00 p. m/until 9:00 a m. 330 North Fourth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Buy your Debris before if you want to take advantage of the low price. Present Price $4.00
4. All RYTEX Cards come to you completely folded . . ..^ILyou have to do is slip them in the envelopes.
THERE ARE NEVER ENOUGH RYTEX CARDS TO GO AROUND . .
In the fight with wear and tear CROWN LAUNDRY'S "Dated Laundered Shirts" emerge the winner every
time.
CROWN UUNDRY
NotIm Pistol Group: Students firingr In the Fifth Novice Pistol Group are reminded that the first meeting of this group is Monday, November 18. ‘—^BROWN.
Novice phitoi Group: There are several vacancies in the 4 o’clock section of the Fifth Novice Pistol Group. Students desiring to fire in this group, which begins firing Monday, November 18, may sign up in the supply room of the Armory. —BROWN.
Silver Mask: Important meeting Thursday, November 21, 1940, 7:16 p. fii., in
room 808 of the Union. Please be.present.
—PITCHER.
HlUel Foundation: Elimination debate on the subject: "Resolved: That Organizations That Advocate Racial and Religious Discrimination Shall be Denied Freedom of Speech” at regular meeting Sunday, November 17, in room 804 of the Union'. All invited to attend. —ILVTZBNBERQ.
Undoigtidhuit. DamMt Meetlitg Tuesday,' Norrenbsr It, at 7tl0 p. »>• in zoom 268 of the Union. All membm please be pzompt. —^BRSTUNG.
Purdue Christian Foundation: Class and prayer will meet Monday, November U, at 7:80 p. m. at 126 S. Chauncey. —REYNOLDS.
Flying Club: Open meeting Monday, November 18, at 8 p. m. in room 804 of the Union. -r^HABlCHT.
Zouaves: All actives and pledges report at 4 p. m. Monday, November 18, in the Armory without fail. —GIBSON.
Radio Club: Because of the convocation Tuesday night the meeting will be held Tuesday, November 26. Mr. R. R. Stone will give a lecture demonstration on "Control of the Purdue Television Station, W9XG." —REYNOLDS.
Seniors: Dexheimer-Carion representative will be in room 60 of the Union on Sunday, November 17, from 11 a. m. to 6 p. m. This is the last day to see the proofs. —ADAMS.
PIA Board: Regular meeting Monday, November 18, at 4:30 p. m. in the PIA office., . —MUSSER.
I"' 'M
Mi. \
^■Hy
WHY YOU SHOULD BUY RYTEX CARDS
1. RYTEX designs are new . . . definitely 1940 ... completely modern . . . yet "Christmasy" . . . full of old fashioned Christmas cheer.
2. The Envelopes are of the same fine paper as the Cards . . . of a grade you would expect to find only in much higher priced Cards.
3. Your Name is printed gn each Card in lettering styled to harmonize with the sentiment.
PIA Dance Class: 'i'he lesson Monday, Nb--vember 18, will begin at 8:80 p. m. instead of the regular time. Be prompt. —HUMPHREY.
Eta Nn Kappa: important meeting Tuesday, November 19, at 7 ;80 p. m. in room 808 of the Union. . —HOLCOMB.
Newman Club: Disdusslon groups mee. Monday and Wednesday, November 18 and 20, at 7:80 p. m. in room 261 of the Union. —LUDRIS.
Modern Dance: Rehearsal Monday at 4 p. m. and Wednesday at 7 p. , m. It is very important for all members to be present. —SWOPE.
Debate Managers: All sophomore c6-ed managers report to the debate office on Tuesday, November 19, at 4 p. m. without fail. —LEE.
Union Sophomores: Compulsory meeting Sunday, November 17, at 3 p. m, in the Music Hall. , T—HOFFBR.
Clctssifi#<i
fob BENT
Bua»-B«it-A-Car Ssrri^ Cmu for easioniu Min. |2.60 aU night. Pbona. 2407.
Typawiitanl and adding machiasa,^ now and used, for sale; rent and .r«paij«A_ miAea of portable typewrit^, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph wd multigraph work. 0. P. Bbershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 8770.
For Rent: FumlBhed rooms. Sho'wer ba'th. One and one-half blocks from campus. Special rates. 122 Pierce St. 7764.
FOB SALE 300 tickets $1; 1000 for $2; other printing at painless prices. Kane’s Print Shop, 401 S. 29th. Phone 6206,
Scabbard and Blade Pledges: Test information is in your box. Keep your eyes glued to this column. (11-17-19) -CHRISTY.
LOST Lost: Kappa Alpha Theta pin. If found, call Martha Raub, 8281. Reward.
Scriveners: Meeting Sunday, November 17, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 261 of the Union. Guests coming. Bring manuscripts. To be eligible members must be present. —RIEGLE.
Lost: Decitrig slide rule. Name on ease. R. D. Inglis. 6827. Reward.
Lost; Diamond studded Cameo ring, in or near Fieldhouse, Reward. Pickerel, 8029.
Ceres: There will be a meeting Tuesday, November 19, at 7 p. m. in room 232 of the Union. Both actives and pledges should attend.
Lost; Dietzgen slide rule, brown case. Lost in Chemistry building laboratory. Reward. Call A. j. Formanek, 8421.
—JOHNSON.
Lost: Cameo ring gold mounting. If found call Peggie Davis, 6031. Reward.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• Schoof Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Hain St. Phone 5701
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
• Locksmith
Complete Pen Service Sales and Repairs SOUTHWORTH'S
KEYS and LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
University Book Store Across, form the Union Next, ., , to the College Inn M. G. "Red" Sammons'29 R. W. "Doc" Epple'40 ••
• Dairy Products
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
• Hardware ^
Edgerton HdWe. Inc. Better Mdse.—Lowfer Prices If It's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
• Bus Information
CHICAGO ......:..$2.95 R.T. GARY 2.95 R.T. MICH IGAN CITY .... 3.70 R. T. INDIANAPOLIS ...... 2.10 R.T. YANKEE TRAILWAYS 208 N. 5th Phone 4475
• Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG SHOE REBUILDING Phone 2240 221 State
f J.; n 4
'4^
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES PHONE4073
i.