i
, ' ^ k.1'' -
Ixponent Editorial Staff CaIsforFrosh Workers Today Seniors To Conduct Training Course Both fitst and second semester freshmen who are interested in working on the Editorial staff of the Exponent are urged to attend a cftllout meeting in the office in the sub-basement of the Union on Tuesday, October 6. — Those freshmen who wish to work on tjie paper will be given a one week training course in some of the more fundamental aspects of writing storieSj gathering information and using Exponent style. This course will be conducted by the junior and senior members of the Exponent staff. It will consist of three one hour sessions. After the course is completed the freshmen will be expected to work one afternoon a week in the Union
office.
Do Variety Of Work
On these afternoons freshmen workers are expected to write up small stories, do a small amount of rewriting of press releases, and, occasionally, hand in a feature.
Meet The Team At Big Pour, 11:38 Today
%pj(me4U m :> * Hit Himbito
Established 1889
Volume 55i No. 21
Purdu^, Uniy^r^sity^ West Lefayetlejr indUna
Sunday, October 4, 1942
rmakers, 26-0
Wvefers Buckle Under Strqin
e‘
Ag Workers
To Open 3-Day
Conference Extension Group To Do Post-War Planning
The annual three day Agricul- urday, the Riveters went down to defeat in a ganie t|i^i was one-sided all the way. Only
p| Commodores^ Air Attack
^ Bdb Exponent Sports Editor
NASHVILLE, TENN., Oct, —Overwhelming the Boilerm9,kers in every phase of the game yesterday afternoon, the Vanderbilt Coip,modore8 administered a 26-0 trimming here, to make it two straight wins in the series between the two schools. Playing anything but the brand of ball that bolstered Boilermaker fans ’ hopes ahd scared the Fordham Rams last Sat-
Campus Policemen deport Unregislered Student Vehides
Campus policemen have tagged sixteen unregistered automobiles and two cars violating parking regulations since last Thursday, when deputy sheriffs were given official
Studenf Senate ~ ; Board Prepares i Graduafion Plan T i. Suggest Exercises On Sunday, Dec. 20 The Student Senate announced yesterday that a plan for a December commencement exercise had been drawn up and will be submitted to the Executive Board of the University for consideration. The desire for a suitable graduation ceremony by Seniors has prompted this resolution, designed by the Senior Board of the Senate. The Senate listed two reasons for its action: A. Such a plan makes possible the holding of the exercises on the logical day for such an affair, namely Sunday, at the expense of only three days of classes; and B. There is no additional work for the staff of the registrar if this plan of giving diplomas to all candidates is accepted. The complete text of the resolution follows: A. Commencement exercises will
Among the’duties of a freshman Workers’ Conference will open twice during the 60 minutes did the Boilermakers fim themselves on enemy soil, and time orders to start tagging all violators Sunday, December 20, 1942.
worker is the writing of headlines campus Tuesday with all sesfor the stories that have been writ- conference being held ten by other members of the staff. Building with headPreshmen as well as sophomores quarters in room 230. The main purhave an opportunity to interview P”®® conference is to campus and visiting celebrities, as peace which will fol-
well as to cover special campus
events. opening morning of the conEvery person who comes to the mention has been set aside for regiscallout will have an equal chance ^nd committee meetings, to gain a junior and senior job, in- Extension specialists will be in their asmuch as all choosing of eds and f®*’ Personal conferences coeds to fill such jobs is done on the 8:00 to 11‘45, and it is sugbasis of quality and amount of work nested that County Agents’ Asso-
after time they were backed up into the shadow of their own goal posts. The Commodores made good use of football strategy, in that they anticipated the fact
that the Boilermaker secondary would be on the watch for the deep passes that proved disastrous lasf week. For the most part their passes were
flat, short and deadly.
Outstanding was the defensive work of Barwegen and French, coupled with the kicking of Bob Hayzyk in the pinches to-
McKirnan To Address
Activity-Minded Fresh Wednesday
Student Senate Holds Callout
Tomorrow
of this University regulation. It is legal for any student to operate a car providing he meets the necessary requirements, such as possessing an Indiana driver’s license, passing state police inspection, having necessary written consent from parent or guardian if a minor and having proper identification tags, permits and recordings. Act Anywhere In County The campus policemen are au-
There will be a mass meeting of all freshmen who are interested in
,, , j , . . cintinn fommiUpp ehnii’TYipn armnd-P iresnmen wno are interesteu in “ ■ that IS done during the freshffian com“e meetmgs durinTS Wednesday m the East ward the end of the contest and sophomore years. tor committee meetings,during this _ ^ . +i,p
All second - semester freshmen and sophomores who are interested in the Student Senate will meet to-
B. Grades will be submitted to the HegistraPs office by 4:30 p. m , Saturday, December 19, 1942. C. The usual form for the graduation procession will prevail. D. Proper diplomas will be distributed personally to each senior who has a reasonable chance to graduate all those who have not completed the scholastic requiiements for graduation, but have received diplomas will be asked to return them when notified of their
Three Thousand Hear Sayao Sing At Convo Bidu Sayao, pretty young soprano of the Metropolitan Opera Association, sang last night in the Music Hall to an approximate crowd of 3,000. Miss Sayao was accompanied by Milne Charnley at the piano. Charnley also played two numbers
as^ solos.
period.
Brigham To Speak The big event of the afternoon will be the message from Reuben Btigham, Assistant Director of Extension, U. S. Department of Agriculture, at 1:45 in the South Ballroom of the Union. Tuesday evening at 6:30 will be the Extension Conference dinner with an address by H. C. Ramsower, Director of Extensions, at Ohio State University. Many group discussions and sec-
Faculty Lounge of the Union. This meeting is an annual affair known as the freshman forum, and the main puipose of the meeting is to acquaint , the freshmen students with the many and various campus activities in which they may take
part. ^ ^
The main speaker will be Dan
Vanderbilt won the initial toss morrow at 4:15 p. m. in the Senate Ace. Mr. R. W. Levering, plant pro-
and elected to kick, big Jack Jenkins
office on the second floor of the Union Building. The duties of the Senate and of various committees
thorized to act anywhere in the „
county. They will turn in the names graduation requireof all violators at the cashier’s of- f diplomas will be held
by the University until such failures have been satisfactorily
made up.
tection officer, vyill be the chief magistrate and impose the fines. The regulation not only deals
The program opened
singing of “The Star Spangled ”’"8 available for refereaBanner.” Miss Sayao, a Brazilian by committee meetings and in-
birth, showed no trace of an accent conferences.
PURDUE
(0)
Harris Warren
Barwegan
McKirnan, publicity manager of the Leugo activities bureau, who will explain Powers the benefit and enjoyment to be derived from the work done in extracurricular activities on the campus. McKirnap wijl have representatives
STARTING LINEUPS: ^ ^ , VANDERBILT will be explained to those attend- with the registering of cars but also
tional meetings are scheduled for
with the all day Wednesday. The entire eve- some of ihe more prominent
activities at the meeting and they will explain the functions of their
French Shimer Hajzyk Smock
Andretich BurSngton Officials:
of motorcycles. Girls in the University will be unable to obtain permission for out-of-town rides in unregistered cars. A complete list of authorized cars will be in the
lowing 'semesterr The senior'board hands .of all housemothers and head usually picks four workers and four residents of the Women s Resident
Halls.
Pos. (26), mg the callout.
LE Baird Workers at the end of their SophLT Satterfield omore year are eligible for appointLG Powell ments by the senior board to a C Holder junior executive position for the fol-
RG Steber RT F. Hamilton RE Olsen ^B Rebrovich LH Moore RH Jenkins PB Rohling Referee, T. G? Rain
elected members to executive positions. All workers have an equal opportunity with elected members, as the constitution forbids choosing more than five from either group. Sophomores and second-semeSter
Red Cross Coeds
Hold Initial
Meeting Of Year Instruction in the making of new type medical dressings for the United States armed forces was the
Mr. R. T. Hamilton, superinten- subject of the first coed Red Cross dent of the physical plant, stated held Thursday afternoon in that only around fifty per cent of ^he sub-basement of the Union. The the motor vehicles at the University attendance was small, not more
Only 50 Per Cent Are Registered
when singing either the national anthem or the other English num-
bers.
The audience of whiqji students made up the minority, seemed to be one of the most appreciative that has been noted at convos of this type. Not only did they applaud freely but they also were quiet during the active part of the program.
Thursday morning will feature an address by M. C. Wilson, of the United States Dept, of Agriculture and more group discussions. In the evening there will be a County Agents’ Association meeting and initiation. Friday morning the convention will be divided into two sections, the agi icultural and home econom-
(Alabama); Head Linesman, George Gardner (Georgia Tech); Field Judge, Tom Slate (Atlanta Ath-
letic Ulub).
own activities and answer any ques- (Georgia); Umpire, Foots Clement freshmen who arejnterested are ad
tions about the work that is being
done.
To Help Freshmen
This meeting is designed to aid the activity-minded freshman to '
make up his mind about getting into kicking the pigskin to Bob Chester, the activity which he is best suited Boilermaker left half, who returned
for 5and which interests him most, it to the 15_yard line. The general scheme on which Stall Immediately
campus activties work, that of pro- Stalling immediately before the
There were five encores. After ics, and each will conduct their . „ , , ,
each section of the progiam Miss separate meetings. The conference noting freshmen and sophomore fast-charging Commodore defense,
ends Friday noon with a luncheon workers to the more responsible the Riveters were forced to punt at 12:15 followed by a message by jobs as juniors and seniors, will also fiom the 19. Bob Hajzyk’s poor
vised to attend. This meeting will be the only Student Senate callout
this semester.
Officers Will Speak On Student Draft
At War Council Convo
are registered. He also made another very interesting observation in stating that there are only about hhlf as many cars being driven by students this year as compared to
than twenty girls being present. This was the first of three trial meetings which the local Re^} Cross division is holding under the supervision of Dr. Louise Meikle in order
last. If your car is unregistered, it University epeds may con
should be taken
ately.
Sayao was brought back on the stage, The next convo will be a week from tomorrow with the appearance of the Don Cossack Choir.
W, V. Lambert . . . director of the University Agricultural Experiment Station, ha^ been selected to represent the American Society of Animal Production on an inter-association committee to consider problems of animal health and nutrition during the
war.
Associations represented on this committee are: American Veterinary Medical Association, Dairy Science Association, Poultry Sci-
ence Association, U. S. Livestock Regional Swine Breeding LaboraSanitary Board, and the American toiy. Dr. Zelle is a piofessor of AniSociety for Animal Production. mal Husbandry in the University.
H. J. Reed, Director.
The conference is for all county agents, assistant county agents, home demonstration agents, Univeisity extension workers and faimer’s institute speakers. Tickets foi the Extension dinner and luncheon will be available to the field staff at the time of registration an^l must be purchased before
1:00 p. m. Tuesday.
Dr. M. R. Zelle
. . . will go to Ames, Iowa, next Thursday and Fiiday to attend a meeting collaborators of the U. S.
be explained.
Hockema Announces Enrollment Increase; Frost) Show Big Gain Prof. Prank C. Hockema, assistant to the President, has announced an increase in enrollment in the
punt bounded out on the Puidue 36. Beinie Rohling, Vandy fullback, picked up the first down of the game in two plays to the 25 yard line, and two plays later the Commodores took to the air, Art Rebrovich to Julign Olsen on the 17. Purdue took time out as Vandy executed its second consgcutive first down to the 13 on a definite touchdown
drive.
Digging their heels into the ground the seven members of the
Wednesday evening, October 14, there is to be a special convocation
care of immedi- ^ke work of the regular unit
during its Thursday afternoon
meetings.
These student meejangs will last until 5:30 every Thursday afternoon, and will be in charge of Marion Seigler, vice-president of the Union. The work will consist of knitting, bandage making and
sewing;.
4-H Club Will Hold
Party Saturday
4-H Club will, hold its annual party next Saturday in the Women’s Gym from 8:00 to 11:00 p. m. The entertainment Mvill be in the
at 7:30 p. m. in the Hall of Music, of social dancing, folk games, sponsored by the Student War various other activities. The Council, to enlighten the student folk games will be under the direcbody about the various enlisted re- f'on of Kenny Truax and the Uniserve corps of the armed service versity Folk-a-whirlers. Refreshbranches. This special assembly is naents will be served,
designed to give “all the answers” Tickets for the party may be se- pointed home demonstration agent to current questions about the sta- cured from Margaret Young, Mabel in Davis County, with headquarters tus of enlisted reserve men and Vaughan, and Russ Hardin. at Washington, Indiana,
those who are contemplating enlist- ^
Sara Mae Graham . . . who has been serving as assistant home demonstration agent Henry County, has been ap-
Pil^A Pledges Edge Out PiKPhis To Capture Copper Pie Plate
’ By BevOl-ly Parsons ''
Six PiKPhi pledges are still a lined up find anticipated the heavenlittle “red under the gills” as a re- ®qoi®k of blueberries, suit of their annual pie-gorging Split seconds ticked by as various contest with the PiKAs last Friday countenances were decorated with afternoon. Approximately 500 tense gooey masses of red. One pledge spectators saw the victorious PiKAs decided to try a direct belly attack win the Copper Pie Plate for their' and consumed from the cement. He
fireplace by amassing a score of 33 was flanked on both sicies by two class which numbers 2,560, includ to the PiKPhi’s 46. __ loyal canine supporters who demon- iue 366 who registered last May for
As tbo fatal hour for the tilt drew strated the effectiveness of tongue-
near, twelve comely coeds stood lapping. , shaking behind a long table in front PiRAs Win
of the Union steps, waiting for a The last sti etch found DRk Spendo?en ardorous freshies to daintily cer, PiKA; Gene Zuek, PiKPhi; Bill annihilate their quests. Suddenly Gates, PiKA, and “Sglty’l Saltysin- , , the thundering herd appared wear- ski, PiKA, the first, second, third, ®kght dOciines ing a look in their eye which a pie and fourth place gobblers. Rlace and only a pie can arouse. They numbers determined the score lor
advanced and prepared to bury their the pie-eaters.
respective faces in pie plates. Only casualties of tiie bitterly
ing.
The discussion will be headed by
Boilei maker forward wall cut the Lt. Col. B. F. Hoge of the U. S?.
University instead of the heavy victory push short and the ball was Cavalry, representing the. Army; slump that was expected early in Hajzyk kicking to Lt. A. C. Dumont of the Army Air the summer. There aie 103 moie j^jg Qvvn 42. Jack Jenkins plowed to Coips; Lt. R. L. Nipper of the U. S. students than last yeai at this time, Boilermaker 30 and a pass, Navy; Lt. D. E. Oren of the Naval Data which has been assembled j-uigd complete on interference, saw Air Corps; Lt. E. F. Ziegler of the shows 6,678 students now on the Vandy on the 20. Keeping to the air, U. S. Marine Corps. University officampus against 6,675 a year ago. Vandy stalled and Jepkins’attempt cials will appear on the progiam in
at a field goal was shoit. order to seek complete clarification Pass Defense Loose ^or the students on this problem. Hajzyk accounted for a Boiler- addition to the convocation
maker first down on a wide end run
New Booklet Explains University War Work
By Jim Richardson
These figures do not include the more than 1,200 men from the Aimy and Navy who are here in special training courses of one kind or an-
other.
Largest Number In History Counting all enlisted men and officeis ill the vaiious couises, the number of students on the campus is almost 800 gi eater than at any time in the history of the Univei*sity. At present there aie now 5,370
“Purdue Serves Because Purdue This has speeded up technical Was Prepared” is the title and training for war-time industry, theme of a booklet recently written entire ROTC unit at the by Thomas H. Johnston, Director of Uoi'^o’^sity has numbered about 2,-
these officeis will spend the two fol- Information at the University. 500 men for the last seveial years,
to the 43 yard line, and the Gold lowing days on the campus getting Copies of this booklet may be oh- largest field artillery and Black moved to the Vandy 42 on acquainted with the different groups tained by student organizations by college in America and
a 16-yard loughness penalty. Bog- of the students or individual stu- calling at the Exponent office. Fac- , dents who are interested in any of ulty members may obtain copies at Plol®ly^^otorized since the first
their lespective branches of the the University Editor’s Office in the service. Service and Stores Building. The entire student body and fac- The booklet stresses the Univerulty members are expected to at- gRy in the war. Since it seems ob-
ging completely down against the rugged defense of the Commodores, Burnham’s men were again forced to punt. A pass from Rebrovich to Jimmy Webb, in at Igft half, was
men and 1,308 women against 6,190 good for 40 yards as Webh scamper- convocation because of the vious that World War II is a battle
men and 1,386 women a year ago. ed down the sidelines to the BoilerThe big gam was in the fieshman *o®Ler 22. The same pass play,
catching the Riveter secondary sound asleep, carried to the 6 yard line with Rohling running around right end for the touchdown. Jenkins’ kick was wide, making the score
6-0.
Second quarter action saw Sny(See FOOTBALL, page 2)
the summer term. The total number of ^ freshmen a year ago was 1,966. All of the other classes have shown some decline. The largest gain was in the schools of engmeei - ing with all of the others showing
widespread interest m these various programs and their place in the war
picture.
AP)iA Will Show Color Film Tuesday The student branch of the American Pharmaceutical Association is showing the movie “Immunization
of science and techn'ology, this
World War.
The University also furnishes much background for the other armed services. Ordnance; naval aviation, and naval forces have all benefited by the University’s pre-
makes the nature of the war effort P®r®dooss. The University was also doubly important. The persons who institution of higher learn-
will serve in industry must be just as well or even better trained than the soldier, sailor, or marine. This technological training must continue. Many Grads In Service The University has also made
Miller iTo Address
Kappa Alpha Theta asme Meeting
The Apierican Society of Mechan-
. edclal soroi'ity held a pledge ical Engineers will have an illus- scarlet
Against Infectious Diseases” Tues- notable contributions in the military day at 7:30 in the Pharmacy build- field. Incomplete records in the ing, room 311. This 46 minute color alumni office show that over 1,600 movie shows how active immuniza- former eds are now in the service tion is practicable for diphtheria, and that 24 have already been killed.
mg to inaugurate the CAA training.
War Experts Trained
Many types of war experts are trained on the campus, some of whom are already in the armed forces and some of whom aie civilians. The University conducts an extensive program of special war courses over the state. Firemen and police training are carried on by the
Univeisity.
Agricultural and industrial re-
fever, tetanus, pertussis. Over 160 members of the staff have search are carried on extensively.
False Alarm. contested stiuggle were the liberal dance last Saturday at (he chapter trated lecture by Dr. E. P. Miller typhoid fever, and many others. left the University to enter either Housing research has solved on the At this very moment, Pate stuck sprinklings collected by the beau- house, to introduce the fall pledges: of the University physics depal't- Each of these diseases comprises the armed forces or defense produc- campus, one important defense her thjiimb in the pie. No pastry teous judges during the encounter Joan Goss, Dorothy Yates, Joan ment on “X-Ray in Engineering” at a section wherein maps show the tion. problem. In addition the University greeted! the famished faces of the and the hangovers of the losing Harrispn, Jean Kelly, Lois Rem- 7:30 p. m. tomorrow In room 108 of geographical distribution, patients University training was put on a sponsors many other activities vital impassioned contestants. True to PiKPbi*s who were accorded the mers, and Sue Snyder. The dance the M. E. Building. exhibit diagnostic signs, and the war-time basis during the Christ- to the war effort. It can ti'uly be the tradition of past pie-eaters, they privilege of cleaning up the sur- was opgn fo actives, pledges and All engineering students are Wei- method of immunization is out- mas vacation in 1941. Since then said that “Purdue Serves Because remained determined. Again they roundljig community. • guests. come to attend. lined. many other schools have followed Purdue Was Prepared,"
'-m mPt^2 Sunday, October 4, 1942
Purdue Exponent *. Offices; Edil-orial aqd Butinets, *" iPardue'Me*rti»rial Union,^ Phoiie 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377 Editor-in-Chicf. John F. Amos Ne^ Editor U.... Don T, Brophy Monairmflr Editor John H. Armstronff Sports Editor Robert L. Hadley Business Managrer ....Ken K. Gjemre 'Coed Editor Alice Chatfield Publication .Staff Associate Editors Editorial Staff: D. W. Ochciltree, A. P. Hunter, W. E. Rafert, D. E. Butz, W. G. Hoskins, R. W. Boswinkle, K. Roquemore, S. Wolf. Sports Staff : D. E. Brewer, J. S. Dawson, D. Shryer, C. Sowards. Coed Slaft : Sally Beall, Charlotte HaSs, Jean Lauer, Elaine Ahrens. Business Staff Cued Business MansKer: Julia Martin. Advertising Managers: J. M. Wright, D. L. Johnson, J. Petty. Circulation Manager: G. H. Klounian. Accounts Manager: Trena Torrenga. ' Junior Coed Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane Keim. The Purdue Independent Editor-in-Chief Dave Barta Managing Editor Ed Humphrey Business Manager .Elwin, Welbaum Coed Editor Roberta Kessler Advertising Manager Scott .Brown Accounts Manager George Paine Circulation Manager Harold Hendricks Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Wolf Sports Editor: Sowards Day Editor: Hass Issue Editor: Martlndell Reporters: Hudson, Richardson, Tyson, Smith, Murphy, Gregory, Wilbur, Baynes, Parsons, Kimball, Sanders.
Entered as second class matter''at the post office in Lafayette,. Indiana. under the act of Confess of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January. 20, 1922. Published on Tuesday, Thursday. Friday and Sunday mornings during the year. Delivered locally by carrier for $1.76 for a semester or $8.00 fpr two semesters ; by mail for $2.00 for a semester or $3.50 for two semesters. , . summer semester; mailed subscription $1.50. Represented for naiiona) advertising, by National Advertising Service, Inc.. College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
VMSHMGTOH
Tm ft«q u S ppt 0«.
MERRY-GO-ROUND
By DRE% PEARSON
Democrats Refuse To Finance 'Hopeless' Candidates As War
Up Old Party Lines
On The Ball, Frosh One of the largest freshman classes this University has ever seen now roams the campus. 2,550 strong, they are potentially a great asset to a college whose upperclass ranks are being depleted every day. However, they will be nothing but a detriment if their contributiop to the University lies solely i!n their nuinbers. One of the most notable characteristics of the class of ’46, as they have mistakenly dubbed themselves, is their complete ignorance or disregard for traditions established by others long before any of ns were born. Certainly a well-rounded college education is not found entirely in books. Long after our engineering training has begun to slip our minds, we will retain memories of our college days;- • ■ It cannot be denied that the freshmen have enthusiasm^ for, in their impatience to carry out an old tradtiion, they shaved many senior’s n<U.sfaches before the date set by the Student Senate. However, such enthusiasm might better ’be directed towards the purpose , of better learning the . many other tradtiions which are an integral part of Purdue. After all, with a four-year education program shortened to two years and eight months or less, there is a much greater necessity for haste, in learning to absorb many of the benefits and enjoyments of college life. Since last week-end many have disappointedly commented on the virtual river of green pots which began flowing out of the Stadium 10 to 16 minutes before the Fordham game was completed. It wasn’t a cold day, the game was far from over (look what Wisconsin did to us last year), and yet they didn’t have enough .spirit to stick it out. . Much more unpardonable are the many other traditional “sins” which have been committed by the Green Potters; such as disregarding the sanctity of fhe Memorial Cross in the Great Hall of the Union by walking over it and the, violation of one of the oldest of Univerifity traditions, walking under the arch of Heavilon Hall Tower. One freshman, when told by a well-meaning senior not to walk under the Heavilon Hall arch, replied, “Why ?” It seems that the frosh should know better. They were all sent a freshman bible to read, and they should have retained some of the material between its pages. Perhaps it is not entirely, their fault. They have already been shown a bad example by the freshmen who entered this summer and. .burned their pots Wednesday night, less than a month after the start of their second semester in school and far sooner than the equivalent time, around St. Patrick’s Day, until; which we waited to burn our symbols of Eubordinatiens. What say, freshmen! Let’s dust off those fre.shman bibles and read them thrdug|i once more.—k.g.r.
Dr. F. Lowell Kelly . of the division of education and applied psychology i/5 flu- latest faculty merntcr to leave the campus for service with the armed* lorces. Dr. Kelly has acitpted a commi.ssion as lieutenant in the United St|tes Navy for duty with the Bureau of Medicine asi| Surgei'y at the Medical Research section in Washinfton, D. C., and left yesterday for hie final physical exBTOir/ation. ,
WASHINGTON—-Vernon O’Rourke, Swarthmore College professor, walked into the Democratic Campaign Committee this week and asked how much was allotted to him as Democratic Congressional Candidate in Delaware County, Pennsylvania. . “We put you down for nothing,” replied Congressman Drewry of Virginia. “We figure your district is hopelessly Republican.” On the record. Congressman Drewry was right. For more than a decade, Pennsylvania’s Eighth District has been rock-ribbed Republican. There has been no chance to elect a Democrat. But now there is a change. And the change is symbolic of what may happen this Novembe- in other parts of the U. S. A., whether they be Democratic or Republican. For there is a rising tide of sentiment for any man who is all-out for prosecution of the war —no matter what his party. And Delaware County’s Congressman James Wolfenden opposed Roosevelt on every single, solitary prewar defense measure. Search the Congressional Record, as carefully as you can, and you will find not one vote by Wolfenden fOr defense before Pearl Harbor. To add insult to injury, Wolfenden even went duck shooting on the day Congress declared war against Germany. . As a result, many Republicans will vote against Wolfenden this year and for 32-year-old O’Rourke, the Swarthmore College professor who already has applied for enlistment in the Navy. It is one of the healthiest signs of national unity. Note:—^One factor hurting Republican Wolfenden is that he is the' stooge of the long-entrenched McClure Machine. When John McClure ran for the Pennsylvania Senate, practically only the red light district in Chester and swank reactionary Swarthmore voted for him. • Gen. McArthur's Box Gen. Douglas MacArthur soon will-receive a ^unique gift from his friend Maury Maverick, two-fisted chief of the WPB’s State and Local Requirements division. It’s a solid silver pill box. Made by a San Antonio silversmith, the lid of the pill box is an Australian crown featuring four gold stars, designating the rank of general. Below is a silver peso, engraved with the title, “Military Adviser to the President of the Philippine Commonwealth.” Inside the box i? an engraving of the famous Alamo, where 1&7 heroes lost their lives in defense of Texas liberty, March 6, 1836, trying to head off an invasion 'of Texas by Santa Ana and 6,000 Mexicans. Directly below is the Alamo’s immortal slogan, “Victory or Death,” and MacArthur’s battlecry, “We shall win or die.” . Despite popular conviction, no one can tell the blunt-talking Maverick that MacArthur is an Arkansan. “I’ll admit he was born in Arkansas,” says Maverick, “but the connection ends right there. MacArthur is a Texan and we Texans don’t recognize the claims of any other State to him. , Why, he spent his boyhood years playing in the shadow of the Alamo Shrine in San Antonio. Arkansas—bah!” “What kind of pills will Gen. MacArthur carry in this elegant box, Maury?” he was asked. “Why, vitamin pills, L guess,” said the Texan, “Vitamins for Victory.” ; • Abskan Report' Tlie Truman. Committee’s recent report on Alaska has some- bright pages regarding the establishment of new air bases; but also, it has, some dark pages regarding the effectiveness of planes being used against the Japs. Plain-talking Senator Mon Wallgren of Washingtpn, of the committee that made the inspection trip, hinted at this when he told the Senate recently that U. S. flghing planes were inferior to Jap Zero fighters. However, what Wallgren did not reveal was that certain types of U. S. bombers being used in Alaska also leave much to be desired. Wallgren’s subcommittee learned to its amazement that the Navy was depending almost entirely on PBY patrol-observation ships for bombing expeditions om Jap beachheads in the Aleutians. The.se ships have such a slow speed that they are easy targets for antiaircraft fire at low altitudes. As one pilot interview by Truman investigators put it, when a PBL encounters a Jap Zero f!ghter“it’.s like a goose being chased by a hawk.” Result is that Navy bombers must soar to an altitude of 20,000 feet in raids on the Japs at Kiska, too high for effective bombing. “The PBY is perfectly all right for observation duty, and we would have no complaint if the Navy used them only for that purpose,” a member of the Trum£/n subcommittee reported. “But it is totally unfit for combat operations.” , The Navy has bombers far superior to those of the Japs, but for some reason they are not being used ill Alaska, the subcommittee reported. On the other hand, the Truman investigators were erithusiastic about the Army bombers they saw, in action, with one exception—the B-26. This plane has been in a number of crack-ups becau.se of its high landing speed.
Personal Notes Mr., Mrs. Arl-hur Radkey . . . of Cincinnati, Ohio, are the parents of a son, Phillip Arthur. Radkey graduated in 1937 and was a former WBAA radio staff' member. He has been on the WLW .staff’ at Cincinnati serving as an announcer and as as.slstant to tlie educational program director and school of the air since 'his graduation. Mrs. Itadkey was a WLW staff' member.
University Ualendar Week of. October 4-10
‘Gratiama and . now tliey
een in.scpar. of riveters
able with ^le passing yiaii'i at the piano factory ...”
Sunday, October 4 7:30 P.M. LuUieran Students Meeting...;...._..,,'..Room 307, Union Monday, October 5 4:00 P.M. Comm, on State of Uniyersity.i ..Room 203, Union 7:00 P.M. PIA Dancing Class i..... No. Ballroom, Union Tuesday, October 6 9:00 A.M. Extension Workers Conference........E. & W. Reept. Ems., Un. 1:00 P.M. Purdue Women’s Club Luncheon No, Ballroom, Union 7:30 P.M. Purdue Forestry Club.......... i.;..... Auditorium, Hoft. Bldg. 7:30 P.M. County H. E. Teachers Room 261, Union 7:30 P.M. Am. Phaim. Assn., Open Movie........Room 311, Pharm. Bldg. 7:30 P.M. A.S.M.E. Meeting , ...Room 108, Mech. Bldg. Wednesday, October 7 8:00 A.M. Extension Workers Conference........So. Ballroom, Union. 4:00 P.M. .Activitie.s Bureau Fresh. Forum......E. Faculty Lge., Union 7:30 P.M. Ilort. Club Meeting Auditorium, Hort. Bldg. Thursday, October 8 8:00 A.M. Extension Workers Conference...:....So. Ballroom, Union 3:00 P.M. Screen Review Hall of Music 6:00 P.M. Civil Engineering Staff Old Chestnut Rm., Union 7:30 P.M. A.I.M.E. Meeting 7:30 P.M. Camera Club Meeting .Room 304, Union 7:30 P.Mi Agr. Education 1....,Room 212, Union 7:30 P.M. Playshop—For Milit. Off. & Staff’.... Eliza Fowler Hall 7:30 P.M. Thomas Say Entomology .Society....Room 103, Ag. Hall Friday, October 9 8:00 A.M. Extension Workers Conference........ W, Faculty Lge., Union 7:30 P.M. Playsliop—Seamen Off'., Navy Sch.:, Eliza Fowler Hall 8:30 P.M. Gold Diggers Dance.,...., N. & S. Ballrooms, Union
Problems For Fun To facilitate their consideration, solutions should be siibmiLted on separate signed sheets, within one week after the posting of the problem. Include with each soUitidn a signed statement that, the solution of the problem was obtained unassisted. Solutions are to be handed in at the Mathematics Office.
PROBLEM 4:
By mistake a person cashing a check receives the number of dollars equal to the number of cents he should have received and the number of cents,equal to the number of dollars lie should have received# He spends three dollars and then finds that he still has three times the amount of money the cheek called for in the first place. For tyhat amount
\ras the check written?
Answer to Problem 3; ; ^ ' ~~~ ■
The answer to last week’s pi ob-
lem is:
124 I 11260316 I 90809
' 1116
Saturday, October 10
7:00 P.M. P.O.M.M. Rough Initiation 8:30 P.M. P.I.A. Ward Party........... 8:30 P.M. Mixer
• Armory • E. Faculty Lge., Union .N. & S. Ballrooms, Union
Navy Officers, Trainees Need Rooms Urgently Rooms are urgently needed for the 50 Naval officers who y/ill arrive on the campus tomorrow for q 10 weeks coui'sc, and for 15 in-.spector-trainees who arrive Wednesday. Several of the Naval ofiiceis are married. Rooms for these men may bo listed by calling 7311.
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 Schulfi Oldg. 4th .ind Miiin Sts. Lafayette
ARC
1003 992
1116 1116
Horticulfure Society Will Sponsor Picnic Final 'plans are being made for the coming Horticulture Picnic to be held next Wednesday, according to the committee members, E. W. Kalin, F. Bass and V. Colglazicr. The group will meet at the Horticulture Building in room 117 at 4:30 p. m. After,, the new cfticers are elected, the students and faculty will go to the picnic grounds to play baseball, horseslioes and other sports. Freshmen will not pay the 30 cent food, charges, hut thi;:; price will be charged to all others. ■NOW PLAYING
LUMA
TODAY - TOMORROW — BOTH HITS
Returns r as VgmjC€^ m
MURDEI^^CASE
Tir—TinniiiMii
MFiniiilTJ
TODAY - MONDAY
mw
Arlllur LAKE. Larry
Laughs, Drama. Thrills Streamlined With Snazzj/ and lDance!^(SS!^®^^|A
RAY
Wilh
BQLGER
AN^E SRIRLEY JUKE KAVUC- DESI ARNAZ • JACK DURANT EDDIE FOV. JR..FRITZ FELD.HENRY DAHiELt Pioiiiicsd by JOHN TWIST • Oildctud by ■Jereen Play by John Twist
' ■
I
' I
lid IS ’tA'
us .3
' ' ’ ^' ' ! ' ' rt ' ' 1 , " la , '''*,'' *Ja. J > f * ' ' I /' ■’) , ■ ^, ’ » . [ Siihday, October 4, 19^2 Bbilermaker Sports
'i
Page $^
Coach Papenguth Sets Date For Annual Aquacade; Heidke Nears World Record
Coach Dick Papenguth, overseer of the Boilermaker swimming activities, today loosed considerable information concerning the annual Boilermaker Aquacade, and general prospects for the ’42 Boilermaker swimming team. The date for the Aquacade has been set for the 4th and 6th of December. Already Coach Papenguth /and his squad of aquatics are making plans, and conditioning for the occasion. Open To All Students i At regular intervals of two weeks, from now on until dress reheai’sal ‘of the Aquacade, the pool in the Fieldhouse will be riled considerably by all-campus meets, in an endeavor to discover any hidden swimming talent in any student not already under the watchful eye of the swimming coach. These swimming meets or contests that are being held are open to, all students on the campus; the students that can swim, and haven’t been around to tell anyone about it, are the ones Coach Papenguth wants to meet and perhaps add to the swimming squad. This series of meets is sponsored by the Dolphin Club (swimming honorary), and the official title that has been bestowed upon the activities js the Dolphin Trophy Meets. The trophy mentioned in the title is to be given to the lad, who, by Aquacade time, show.s the most in-
S ports Cominumque« Cross Country Squad Wins First
By Bob Hadley .. #• r* ill* •
Meet Of Season From Illinois 26-32
terest and jjjitiative in the program. Three Varsity Men Return The swimming squad this season will be centered around Cliff Erickson, Captain Joe William and Herm Bower, the three varsity men from last season’s squad; This small number of seasoned candidates leaves a large opening for any position on the squad. Fine,Form Displayed Coach Papenguth extends a hearty invitation for anyone interested in entering any of these splash-fests to put in an appearance at the Boilermaker pool in the Fieldhouse at most any time of the day. Last Friday, in the neighborhood of 50 enthusiastic students, swimming team and otherwise, swirled through the first of the Dolphin Trophy Meets. Many entries displayed fine form; Coach Papenguth stated that the form and condition displayed by the team so early in the season was exceptional. Roy Heidke, sophomore freestyle!’, finished the 60-yard freestyle event in ^he time of 28.3 seconds, one-tenth of a second behind tjho world record. Other contestants deserving honorable mention include: in the breast-sti’oke, Horton and Heidke, varsity; Rayl, frosh; in the backsti oke, Dunn, varsity, and Clark, frosh; in the free-style, Erickson, Sneed, Kreuick, Williams, varsity, and Kjawa, Hansel, Knott and Loach, frosh.
Editor’s Note: While senior sports editor. Bob Hadley, is screaming his lungs out at the Vanderbilt tilt; associate editor Joe Dawson chatters the column full of gossip.) «
White Shuts Out Yanks For Second Cardinal Victory Ernie White, St. Louis pitcher, treated the Yankees like they have not been treated since 1926 as he and his Cardinal teammates shut out the New York champions 2 to 0
Oh down south to Camp Shelby, all we can hear is praises for Lietiien- yesterday afternoon in Yankee Staant Mike Byelene, the shifty, hard-running halfback who performed dium. St. Louis took the breaks and here a couple of season back. Mike laterally burned up the gridiron last scored both of their runs on un-
You had better hurry up and get your tickets for the Northwestern game next Saturday., Prom the ticket sales so far, it looks like* it ^ill be another home game for the Riveters. It has been rumored that one fraternity has already kicked^ in 1?70 for a block of ducats for the battle Saturday. ' „ ,, While we are still on football, let’s take a look at the former Riveter greats Who are now giving their all for the various service and professional teams. Up at‘Camp Grant, Hal Schumacher, burly fullback, who was expect^ed to share first string duties With Bill Buffington this fall, is being rated as one of the best defensive jbackS among the service teams. Sam Cary, another former Rive,ter back, is Coming into his own now as quarterback along side of big Hah ’ /
year for the Shelby outfit and this year is taking up ri^ht Where ha
left off.
Tony Hinkle’s Great Lakes team has two former Boilermakers on the roster. Bob Johnson, slightly over-rated center Ott last year’s team, is putting up a stiff fight for a first string berth as is Sweed Anderson, former Riveter halfback. In the professional ranks, John Petty, as a fullback with the Chanfpionship Chicago Bears, is seeing bis share of service in a league ruled by such former Boilermakers, as Cecil Isbell, Lou Brock and formally John Drake. s
If you have been watching Piggy Lambert’s hardwood pifospects in If it had not been for a New York their daily workouts in the Fieldhouse, you will begin to feel the same argument, the Cardinals might not way that we do . . . that the firey little coach may again have something have been able to score their first this year. Size and speed, the two qualities any coach dreams of, seem run, which gave White the incento be prevalent on thrs years’ squad. With Swantz standing at 'G ft., tive to win. 4 in., Menke, Lawson and McVey at 6 ft., 3 in., Ehlers at 6 ft., 2 in., Mation sacrificed and was thrown
earned advantages and scored in the second and ninth innings. Not since the 1926 series have the Yankees been shut out, and since then they have played 42 games
without suffering one.
Although the Yankees outhit the Cards 6 to 5, the St. Louis squad made practically every hit count.
Victorious Riveter Team Made Up Of Roach, Six Newcomers; Deusler Out As a continuance of last season’s perfect cross country record, Coach Hermon Phillips’ Boilermaker cross country t^am yesterday snatched a narrow victory over a hard-running te^m of distance men from the University of Illinois, 32 to 26. Dunn of the Illini took first place in the contest—time,
18:23.18.
The meet started at 1:30 p. m. with thirteen men on the, starting line; the only dis-
agreeable factor being a stiff breeze. For the first mile the runners were closely bunched, breaking up into a straggling line at the two and a half mile marker. From this poirrt on the line lengthened to a string of runners half a mile long from first to last
man.
Dunn and Sieb, two Illini, were in the-fore part of the procession from the start to nearly the finish, at that time they took piatters into therr own hands and finished a hundred and fifty yards in front of the after j.ggj; gf (-j^g field, Dunn first.
Football
(Continued from page 1)
der in at quarter and Berkely at left half, but the machine failed to click and Hajzyk came back in to punt to the Vandy 15. Moore became the center of the Vanderbilt attack and on six plays it was first and ten on the Boilermaker 35. Warren and Ruggieri accounted for two Vandy losses and the hosts punted over the goal, Purdue startrng on its own 20.
Jenkins Bullies Score An exchange of punts.
Moore picked up another first down to the Boilermaker 42, saw the Gold
Six Of First Nine Are Riveters That flurry ended the Illini scor-
Kennedy at 6 ft., 1 in. and Hoffman at an even 6 feet, Lambert could out at first base, but Manager Me- possession on its own Roach, Seward, Lynch,
almost always have a team on the floor averaging 6 ft., 1 in. or better. Carthy of the Yankees protested Menke, Lawson, Swantz and Hoffman of the above, along with Duffy that the bunt first landed foul and
GREETING CARDS
If You Wanf Good Work
FOR ALL OCCASIONS
On Your Garments
llniversity Book Store
SEE
JOE'S TAlLOl? SHOP
“Red” Semmuna *29 “Doc” Epple *40
STATE & CHAUNCEY
LAmBm-YESi —But Lmstdry Pruhlems? NO!
Friend, are the only men who have had any varsity experience, however. Several second year men have looked good in early drills and may be able to make up for their lack of experience with their determination and natural ability. Kerchival, a little scrappy forward, and Ehlers, a hard-driving player who reminds you somewhat of Blanken in his sophomore and junior years, may see a lot of action when the season starts in a couple of months. Kennedy, McVey and Morse have been performing like veterans in their first taste of varsity competition. Brower and Biggs, two freshmen who will be eligible in December, may push the older fellows considerably when their time comes.
INTRAMURAXS
Evem a Freshman soon learns how to handle Laundry Problems — just send your laundry home by Railway Express — and have it returned to you the same way. You’ll find it’s really m pioblem at all. Low rates include pick-up and delivery at no extra charge, within our regular vehicle limits, in all cities and principal towns. Your laundry can be sent prepaid or collect, as you choose. Psst! Send and receive baggage, gifts, etc. the same convenient way.
RAILWAY
The following Junior-Senior Ten nis matches must be played by Monday, Oct. 6, at 4:15. Unless the winners of these matches are turned into Intramural Office Tuesday mornir)g, or you have not contacted the Intramural Office in regards to your match, you will be considered as not playing and will be eliminated from the’schedule. Court 14 P. J. Leininger vs. M. Schneider. 16 C. B. Parrish vs. Bill Kraybill. 16 Pat Gibbons vs. C. B. Luley. 17 C. B. Francis vs. George Black. 18 Lou Cohen vs. H. R. Henderson. 19 D. L. Johnson vs. C. Hayward. 20 J. M. Hurwich vs. W Schalhol. 21 A. J. Herrmann vs. L. Holtzman. The following Sophomore Tennis matches are scheduled to be played
Monday, Oct. 5, at 4:16. Anyone not playing their match by that time or who have not contacted Intramural Office will be eliminated from the tournament. Please see that your opponent has been contacted and a time set to play your match. Court 2 D. H. Rodgers vs. F. E. Sines. 3 Jack Cohep vs. Dick Graham. 4 G. E. Gifford vs. W. W. Dingle. 6 H. P. Voth vs. F. D. Brandel. 6 S. G. Eaton vs. R. W. Greider. 7 George Kern vs. L. E. Flora. 8 Jim Baldwin vs. C. C. Clarke. 9 A. J. Weirberger vs. A1 Crofts. 10 J. A. Kerns vs. J. G. Mitchell. 11 G. N. Viiens vs. D. M. Long. 12 R. F'reyman vs. C. H. Stockman. 13 R. D. Knapp vs. M. J. Gardner.
Marion was called back to bat. On his second chance at the plate, Marion scratched a single to the infield, advancing Kurowski, who had walked, to second. This was the play which set up the run. White, the next man up, sacrificed the men to second and third, from where Kurowski scored on a high bounder to second baseman Joe Gordon.
Unearned Run Made
Not until the ninth inning was there any action, whereupon the Cardinals made their last run. This was an unearned run, but this time it was from the hurling of pitcher
11. HajZyk kicked badly and Vanderbilt started the aerial attack rolling on the 27. Webb to Richter and Webb to McDavid gained two succesive first downs and a scoring position on the six yard line. Jenkins bullied his way across, Powell
converting; the score, 1.3-0.
and Ashwell had crossed the line for the Boilermakers. Campbell finished for the Illini in/seventh place, followed closely by Hairer and Michael for the Gold and Black. Wood and Kinder scored for Illinois and the Riveters I’espectively, and two Illini, Judy and Sullivan, ended the scor-
The Boilermakers received, but j^g for the afternoon.
on the second play McCaffrey fumbled on an attempted end-around, and the stage was set for another Vanderbilt touchdown. Squirrel Simmons entered the game and raced to the three yard line for a first down and goal to go, taking the ball two plays later for another six points. Powell’s kick was no good; the score, 19-0. The half ended
Although the boys from Champaign took the first two places in the meet, they failed to take another place till after four Boilermakers had crossed the finish line; then one Illini scooted across with two Riveters on his heels. In the first nine men to finish the race, six of them were Boilermakers, The team bal-
n, . T> Cl 1 11 "—' -7- ance Coach Phillips’ squad is deMaivin Bruei, as Spud Chandler, Pnrrinp in nn^^pqciinn of the i • i.i.- ui , 1 J -i. 1, 1 it, v 11 witn luiciue in possession oi ine veloping this season resembles who had pitched three-hit ball up , <■ , , „ . , , j
greatly the near perfect balance de-
Third Quarter Cautious veloped by last year's- championship
Vanderbilt outsmarted the Boiler- squad. ’
makers on a quick kick, and on an- Indiana Next Saturday other punt exchange were on their Next Saturday afternoon the rivals’ 45. The punting duel con- Riveters play host to the cross countinued for the first part of the try squad from Indiana. Two meets quarter and DcMaria halted another will take place next Saturday, the
It’s Not All Over With Your Overcoat, Vet/:-
to the time he left the game, was removed in the eighth in favor of a pinch hitter. They scored their final run on an error and two hits. Brown led off with a single over Gordon’s head. Ten y Moore then bunted and Brown was safe on pitcher Bluer’s error. Enos Slaughter then came up and hit a single far out into the outfield, to score Brown and advance Moore to thud. Jim Turner then came in to pitch for the Yankees. Stan Musial was intentionally passed to fill the bases. Walker Cooper, Cardinal catcher, then flied out and Hopp hit into a double play to finish the Cardinals turn at bat. The Yankees added to the excitement of the game in their half of the ninth as three men flew out, but only by exceptionally long drives. DiMaggio did get his second hit of the game and his sixth of the series in this inning to no avail as Cullonbine, Gordon and Keller filed out. Keller’s diive was almost a liome run as Enos Slaughter had to jump high into the air to pull it down against the rightfield wall. Totals All in all, the Cardinals made two runs, five hits, three fiom Cliandhu , tv/o from Bluer, and none from Turner, no 01101.1 and had four left on base. Tlie Yanks niaoe no lu’u, s'x hits, one cnoi and had .'•ix left on
base.
touchdown drive when he recovered Burns’ fumble on the Boilermaker 26. Continued booting tactics changed the razzle-dazzle of the first'half into a more cautious game as the Commodores relaxed on their 19-point lead. Little Henry Strain fumbled a pass attempt on his own 23 and Vanderbilt quickly grabbed the pigskin with the goal in sight. This tune it was Jimmy Webb
regular varsity race and a fresh-' man meet. This meet between freshmen is the first of a series that Coach Phillips has arranged to give the freshmen on the squad a chance in team competition. Last season the team from Bloomington bowed to the Boilermakers fop the first time in the history of Boilermaker - Hoosier distance running. Next Saturday the Boilermaker
outrunning the Purdue squad to the ^am will be strengtheifed consider-
ably by the return of Charlie Deusler who is at present in the hospital
with an infected knee.
The three and a half mile cloverleaf course that formerly looped
Everything for a College Edfirution DEAC’S
seven yard line. Simmons passed to Webb on the fourth down to ring the counrer up to 25-0. Powell’s conversion was good; the score, 26-0. Quarter-time saw. Smock being tossed for a loss on his own 20.
Fourth Period Scare
A clipping penalty saw Vanderbilt in possession of the pigskin on its own 25, but a quick change of events, when Smock fumbled his catch on the Purdue 42, saw the Commodores in possession once more, eager to grasp the pay dirt. Checking the drive the Boilermakers took over the ball and BobIty Chester’s pas.s to McCaffry, from his own 25 to the Vandy 44 made it look as though Burnham’s boys
might be going places.
Failing to penetrate ary deeper,
through the woods behind the three hole golf course, was altered for this meet and will remain altered “for the duration” due to a supply of high explosives stored in the vicinity of what formerly was the cross country track. The alteration calls for a lap around the Intramural Field to make the course cover the required three and a half miles.
the offensive and Purdue took the ball on its 46 on downs. Passing on thfe fourth down with eight to go, in their own territory, losing the
Hajzyk was forced to punt, and an- ball on an incompletion, the Boilerolhor exchange set the Boiler- makers were, again on the defense.
makers on their own 40. Bob Hamilton intercepted Berkely’s pass, intended for Cook, and rushed to the ;i5, but Baiwcgan helped break up
Wlien tlie girl of your dreams comes pp lo visit you for one of the big dances, reserve a room EARLY at the PURDUE
Another punt exchange saw the Riveters in possession and Cook circled left end to the 28 for a first down, Berkely following in his footsteps on the next play to the Vandy 48. A clipping penalty forestalled efforts, however. Jockeying for another chance at a goal, Vandy continued to quick kick and grabbed Berkely’s fumble on his own 32 with 20 seconds left.
UNION CLUB. The rooms are comfortable, inexpensive and pleasant, Your guest will be right amongst the center of activities!
JhsL fiiihdusL THsmiruaL lAjnmL Ju^t take a walk through ihe building!
TUDENT HELP WANTED complete board jobs available Apply G.O.ARBUCKLE■ i
' k
mm 0,;.
^4
^j^mjM'-l^xfionent^ '' ' :■;-' SuhA:y,
iMMpiMni;
AWS Coofetence Qpen; Qo Campus, October 2? dveta Hobby, WAAC Head Will Speak At University Convocation In Music Hall “Work to Win” has been announced as the theme for the Associated Women students Vocational Conference to be held here on October ?7 and 28. Headline speaker will be Mrs. Oveta Culp Hobby, director of the Women’s Army Auxiliary Corps, according to Dorothy Cornthwaite and Jane McCouch,
co-chairmen for the conference.
Mrs. Hobby, a Texan, will address an alhUniversity convocation in the Music Hall to ope» the conference on Tues- Clf^L Klni/^/
Group Arrives On Campus Recent Graduates Take Up New Posts
Prom Coast to cotlfet, 260 additional bluejackets have arrived at ^the Electrical Naval Training School here to begin 16 weeks of
vrith the aim of giving coeds an op- intensive training which will preportunity to find out more about pare them for the duties of an elecvdqations which interest them. trician with the United States As indicated by the choice of key- Navy. Company 6, which reported note speaker, the conference will today includes 126 rnen from the be keyed to modern conditions by Great Lakes, 111., Naval Training epiphasizing those vocations which Station, 38 from Norfolk, Va., and have been opened to women by the 37 from- San Diego, Calif, war and those where there is an in- jgg Graduated September 17
The Naval Training School here is now in full swing. 186 members of the first class, who graduated Sept. 17, having been assigned to ship and shore stations, many of
units of the
Qn. Jha,
"This Sunday, Oetobet 4, all the Protestant Churches of America will observe World Wide Communion Sunday. This observance is sponsored by the World Council of Churches and the Federal Council of Churchei^ in America. Its purpose is to cut across denominational ties in a universal effort to attain a unity of worship.
day night. Before she started Wearing the official cap of WAAC, Mrs. Hobby earned the. reputation of owning the strrewiest pf all screwy hats in Washington; now she is ranked and paid as a major and will eventually command an army of 150,000 women sei'ving with the armed forces aS clerks, cooks, telephone operators and in other positions where they will release men for combat. For. Wednesday,a program of discussion groups has been planned
Lutheran Student Association 7:30—Roundtable discussion on “What is Worship,” in room 307 of the Union Building. 2:30—October ll, a hike to Potter’s Hollow from the home of Rev. ,Stoldorf, which will be followed by a vesper service and refreshments.
The University Hillel Counselorship 6:00—Weekly_ meeting at Hillel House. The speaker will be Lieutenant Alfred L, Pollack, U. S. Navy. Topic—Order of the Day apd Experiences in the U. S. Navy. Refreshments will be served.
Russell Wp Address V: C Meredith Club Prof. Marion Russell, of the department of physical .education for women, will speak on the subject “Recreation and the Wai’” at the first i-egular meeting of the Virginia C. Meredith Club tomorrow at 4 p. m. in the auditorium of the Home Economics Building. Miss Russell takes the place of Miss Helen Hazelton, head of thb department of physical education for women, who was called to Washington where she will be for the next two weeks working on the national fitness program. Miss Russell will discusS the relationship of physical fitness to mental fitness. She will stress the responsibility of college women to plan recreation for men in the armed forces and for members of their families and their communi-' ties. pared to Life in the U. S.” Program ' closes promptly at 7:30.
creased demand for trained women.
General Talks Scheduled
The morning, from 8 to 11, will be divided into talks of general fields such as chemistry, bacteriol-
ogy, nutrition, radio, institution them with fighting
management, textile chemistry, per- Fleet. Some of these men, who a sonnel and others. The schedule is few weeks ago were quietly purso .arranged to enable each coed to suing their studies on this peaceful attend three discussion groups in midwestern campus, are now electhe morning. trician’s mates on ships assigned
At 11, the general vocations will to task force with the Fleet. Others
be sub-divided into specialized fields, have been assigned to air stations These meetings, held in the form in Trinidad, Bermuda, and Porto of round table discussions, will give Rico. Many are ’serving as electhe students an opportunity to get trician mates with patrol, escort, personal information of the field of scouting, fighting and torpedo
Methodist Church Rev. E. R. Balsley announced yesterday that all week-end activities, with the exception of the regular morning preaching service will be held in the new Wesley building, directly across from the Purdue library. Methodist students will continue to go to the First Methodist church, corner Chauncey & South streets, for their regular morning preaching service at 10:40 o’clock. Church School will begin in the new building at 9:30 o’clock with three classes being offered to students. Professor D. H. Patterson will teach the “History of Methodism”; Mrs. E. R. Balsley, “For the Living of These Days”; Rev. E. R. Balsley, “The Christian Roots of Democracy.” Pacifico Montano, an engineering student from Bolivia, South America, will speak at the 5:45 Wesley .Vesper service on “Life and Customs in Bolivia.” Every Purdue student is asked to remember the change in meeting place for these functions and is invited to attend.
West Lafayette Baptist Church Rev. Joseph Baird Gleason, Minister 9:30—Roger Williams Class: J. L. Van Camp will be the teacher. 10:30—Church Worship Service: World Communion Sunday. The message will be “My God and I.” The choir will sing the anthem “My God and I,” an old Latvian Folk Song. Arthur Jacklin, the church organist, will play special numbers. 5:30—^Roger Williams Foundation Fellowship Hour. The recreation will be led by Bill Harmon. 6:00—Supper 15c. 6:30—Discussion Group. Professor N. G. Mellon will speak on “The Failure of Science.” The Vesper service is in charge of Bob Evanson.
their choice.
WAVES Representative To Talk Discussion leaders will be graduates of the University who have made good in their fields and are in a position to answer any questions coeds may have about salaries, hours, advancement, openings, etc. The closing session, preceding a reception, will be of special interest as the speaker will be a representative of the WAVES.
squadrons of the Naval air force. Nineteen top graduates of the first class were selected to attend a gyro-compass school for special training in the operation of these instruments which guide all large ships. Of the 187 graduates of the class, the first fatality occurred Sept. 26 when Edward J. Tobin, electrician’s mate, third class, died as the result of an automobile accident near Port Huron, Mich.
St. John’s Episcopal Church Sixth and Ferry Sts., Lafayette 8:00—Holy communion. Sermon “Foundations of Freedom,” will be delivered by the rector Rev. Reese Thornton. The choir will sing at the service.
Girls who wish to attend the con-
•ference will be excused from classes. ESMWT Tuition-Free Courses Attract 300; Open Tomorrow Night The University’s Engineering, Science, Management War Training department has adopted the “Victory Througli Manpower” slogan, and is offering tuition-free evening and day courses in various cities throughout the state and at the University to accomplish this aim. Nearly 300 local people, more than half of whom were women, registered for classes at the University last week. Registration closed yesterday and the classes will open tomorrow evening. L. H. Tucker, principal of West Lafayette junior high school, is local admin-
istrator for the program. Wide Range Of Courses
A wide range of courses is being offered, some designed to prepare trainees for new fields of work, others to fit those already employed in war activities for more difficult and responsible assignments. Courses are contingent upon the demand for such training and subject to approval by the Office of Education. Most of the classes meet two or three evenings a week, although day classes and full-time courses are available to meet specific needs. The Federal Government pays the cost of tuition, and the trainees pay for textbooks and minor supplies. Classes offered at the University and throughout the state include engineering mathematics, time and mqtion study, production engineering, advanced radio, gear fundamentals, industrial chemistry
courses and many others. Pew Classes Still Open
,Some classes still open at the Univei'sity include engineering drawing, electrical engineering, metallurgy uf aluminum, fundamentals of rfl^io, precision measurements, time aitd motion study and industrial
cbenristry.
majority of the women are enrolled jn engineering drawing, precision measurements and industrial chemistry. These courses prepare f<jr technical and supervisory jobs im»ter production irjdustries.
The men arrived Friday and will begin classes in mathematics, electrical theory, electrical laboratory, wiring laboratory, and tool laboratory, tomorrow morning. Ensign Stanley L. Whittemore, USNR, has been appointed company commander of the fifth class by Lt.-Com-mander Herbert M. Hart, USNR, commanding officer of the school. Personnel Notes Companies to visit campus: Firestone Tire & Rubber Co., Akron, Ohio—October 6 and 6. ME, ChE, Chem, PSE. Also girls interested in laboratory work and draft-
ing.
Aluminum Company of America, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania—October 6. Interested in MetE, ME, ChE, PSE, EE. American Locomotive Company, Schenectady, New York—October 7. Interested in ME, MetE, ChE. Vickers Incorporated, Detroit, Michigan—October 12 and 13. Interested in ME, AeroE. Sign in Personnel Office before Monday, October 6. Monsanto Chemical Company, St. Louis, Missouri—October 16. Candidates for PhD in Organic and Physical Chemistry>-^gn in Per sonnel Office by October B. F. Goodrich Co., Akron^Ghio October 8. Sylvania Electric Products, Inc., Salem, Massachusetts—October 20. Interested in EE, PSE, ME, Physicists. Standard Oil Development Company, Esso Laboratories, Elizabeth, New Jersey, October 8. Linde Air Products Company, Unit of Union Carbide and Carbon Corp., Tonawanda, N. Y.—October 8. Interested in Master’s, December and April graduates in Chemistry, Chemical and Mechanical Engineer-
ing.
Naval Research Laboratory, Washington, D. C.—October 16 and 17. Interested* in Sci, EE, ME, MetE. Lockheed Aircraft Corporation, Burbank, California.—October 6. Wabash Railroad Company, Decatur, Illinois. Interested in M.E., E.E. Sign in Personnel Office by Wednesday, October 7. National Radiator Company, Johnstown, Pennsylvania. Interested in Ch.E., Met. E., M.E., P.S.E. Sign in Personnel Office by Saturday, October 10.
The Purdue Christian Foundation 6th & North Sts. 9:30—Student Class. Dr. Earl Butz of the Farm Management department will speak on the subject, “Four-fold Living.” 10:40—Church Worship Service. The Rev. Doyle Mullen will preach the sermon entitled, “Church and State.” Sunday at 131 S. Grant 6:00—15c supper. Come and enjoy this type of fellowship-while-eating. 5:45—Sunday Evening Forum program, including singing, recreation, discussion, and vespers. Prof. G. H. Cutler of the Agronomy department will lead the discussion on the subject “Life in Canada Corn-
University Presbyterian Church North St. near Grant John W. Findley, Minister ' 9:30—-Sunday School. Dr. G. H. Graves’ class will continue its study of the Gospel according to Mark. The class studies and discusses the life of Christ as reported by an eyewitness and friend of the apostle, Peter. 10:30—^Communion and Worship Service. As in all other Protestant churches this Sunday, Communion will be served. Rev. J. W. Findley will administer the Sacrament and present the Communion Meditation. All are urged to unite in this observance of the Lord’s Supper. For a special number the choir will offer, “Peace I Leave You,” by Roberts. Organ numbers will be; “Autumn”, Chaminade; “Melodie”, Tschaikowsky, and “Song of Triumph”, Rogers. 6:00—Sunday Evening Club. Mr. G. D. Williams, supervisor of WBAA, will speak on the various phases of radio. Plan! Physiology Society To Hold Banquet Oct. 13 Dr. B. S. Meyer of Ohio State University will 'speak at the fall dinner meeting of the University chapter of the American Society of Plant Physiologists to be held Tuesday, Oct. 13, at 6:15 p. m. in the Home Economics Cafeteria.
Notice
Aeromodlers: Important meeting: in room 80 of the Union at 7:80 p. m. on Thursday, October 8> An el^ctiorl wilji be held) Plans for the rating systems o^ contests will^ be difjcusaed. A club project will also be decided upon. Everyone make , an effo^ to be present. —SMItH Enlisted Reserve Corps: AH male students are reminded that enlistments in the.ERG must be completed by t)ec. 31 or the end of the freshman year* whichever date is later. Applicants should apply now in room B-4 of the Armory in ordei^ that enlistments may be completed before the close of the year. ' —GitAttAM Condition Examinations in Mathematics: Will be held on Saturday, jOctober 3, at 1:30 p. m. in Recitation Building. All students who' have C and I grades in Mathematics should obtain permit^ fpr this examination at the Mathematics office before October J. —AYRES Eound: One pair of girl’s white cloth gloves in the Union Music Room. Owner please’ call at checkroom. —WENDELE English and Speech Conditional Exams: Examinations for the removal-of-conditions in English and Speech will be given on Saturday afternoon, October 10, from 1 to 4, in Room 201, University Hall. Removal-’of-condition cards, obtainable at the English Office, should be properly hlled out and the $2.00 fee paid prior to the examination. —CREEK History, Gov. anff Econ. ‘C* Removal: Examinations for the ren?sOval of conditions and incompletes in Hist., Ecom, and Goy. will be held on Sat., Oct. 10, at 1 p. m. in room 318 of the recitation building. Application must be made in advance. _ —ESTEY Removal of C and I Grades in C. 'E. 41: An examination for the removal of C and I grades will be held in room 126 of HeaviIon Hull from 1:30 to 4 tSO p. m. on Oct. 10. Permission to take the examination must be obtained from F. W. Grove prior to Oct. 6. —GREVE Playshop Sorority Ticket Committee: Will all members please report total ticket sales to me. Phone 3301. —SIMPSON Pistol Team Members: Report to Armory in uniform or sweaters at 4 p. m., Monday, October 6, for Debris pictures. ^ —YODER Lutheran Students.: Round-table discussion on the topic “What Is Worship 7“ in Room 307 of the Union at 7:30 Sunday, October 4. —WALLACE MT 6: The following students are requested to report to Sgt. Dillman in the supply, room to be ineasured for Advance Course uniforms at the earliest possible time: J. M. Bahner, D. C. Burns, S. I. Cowiiaii, F. N. Crall, H. G. do Bruyn, G. P. Glunt, M. K. Lynch, W. L. Morgan, D. J. Nadolski, G. E. Nelson, J. D. Pescok, G. Petree, W. C. Reckman. —BROWN AIME; Talk by Prof. Solberg, on "Metals Used for High Temperature Steam" on Thursday, October 8, at 7:30 in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union. —SCHALLIOL
Howitzer PracISce Starts Next Week Sixteen Howitzer squads, each one composed of nine sophomores and two juniqr ^military students, will start practice next week in the armory. The squads will practice for a six weeks period and at the end of that time a contest will be held. The contest will determine the fall term distinguished howitzer squad, and it will be open to the public. All sophomores and juniors who desire to enter the competition should have their names with Captain Johnson in the armory before noon tomorrow. Wesley Boys . . . SCA House announces the election of the following officers: Joe Clark, president; Bob Cook, vice-president; Jack Davis, purchasing agent; Eldon Kessler, secretary; Chuck Hine, athletic manager; and Dean Chapman, social chairman.
“TALK OF THE TOWN” STAR TRIO—Cary Grant, Jeatt Arthur artd Ronald Colman are starred at the Lafayette Theartre in Columbia’s new George Steven’s production, “The Talk of the Town.” Grant appears as a likable guy accused of murder, who is helped in prdving “frame-up” by Miss Arthur and Colman, a candidate for the Supreme Court Bench. Edgar Buchanan is featured in the film, with Glenda Farrel and Tom Tyler.
Junior Military Students: If you wish to enter 155 mmv Howitzer Squad competition for the Fall Term, turn in roster of squad by noon, October 5, to Capt. H. N. Johnson. Roster should include two juniors and nine sophomores. All juniors will report to Room 206 of the Armory at 4 p. m., October 6, for organization meeting.
—JOHNSON
Scriveners: Meeting Sunday, October 4, at 7:30 in Room 263 of the Union- Please come and bring manuscripts, —PI^AY Newman Club: There will be a Rq^io dance Saturday night, October 3, after The convo in the West Faculty Lounge of the: Union. ■—GOODMAN Triton: There will be no meeting Tuesday. All those who have signed up for the picnic Tuesday, October 6, meet at the Memorial Gym at 6 p. m. —BROWNE Horticulture Picnic: The freshman picnic will be held Wednesday, October 7. Meet in Room 117 of the Horticulture Building at 4:30. There will be no cost to the freshmen. All others will bo charged 30c. —NOKDLINGER Fencers: All experienced fencers are invited to report at the first practice session, Monday, October 6, in the fencing room of the Ficldhouse at 4 p. m.
—KOERNER
Delta Rho Kappa: Regular meeting Tuesday, October 6, at 1:30 p. m. in Rpom 302, Union. —DAVIS Union Workers: Members of various committees have been selected as follows : Personnel: W. Bair, W. Cook, J. Cornells, N. Denby, R. Blake, J. Flanagan, B. Jansing. R. Martin, J. Merkel, N. Pierce, C. Pingry, L. Remmers, N. Robertson, G. Slater, S. Snyder, J. Wismar, R. Cummings. —GEE and HILLER Recreation; D. Appel. L. Calderclli, J. Craig, V. 'George, J. Goss, J. lllycrs, J. James, J. Jones, T. Nygren, P. Patrick, R. Stallings, J. Tillitson, J. Weinberg, P. Savage, R. Naethans. —NELSON and HUTCHINS Publicity; V. Armstrong, E. Bellamy, E. Detolve, E. Eddy, J. Embry, Q. Goodman, K. Hilalrd, J. Klien, R. Lash, J. McMurry, C. May, L. Rubenkoenig, J. Stallings, B. Swanson, D. Boston, B. Dickey. —FRIER and KATTERJOHN Camera and Clubs: B. Blllica, R. Blake, R. Collister, K. Gannon, A, Gray, J. Holton, A, Kaplan, T. Ketcham, W. Kinnet, M. McCullough, R. Mathis, Lv Reiman, B, Van Camp, L. Millholin, E. Bishop.
—PURMAN
BroSv.sing Room: B. Burch, L. Conn. W. Ellifrit, C. ElWard, B. Hipskind, P. Jenkins, A. McKenzie, C. Neger, M. Reynolds. J. Schutt, R. Sounour, L. Smith, R. Van Veld, G. Womble, C. Kreger.
—KtESTER
Music Room and Reception: P. Blakely, W. Brewer, B. CantUy, H. Curry, S. Formica, L. Harris, P. Huber. R. Krohn, B. Price,* B. Purcell, K. Samuelson, F. Smith, R. Bodlcy, J. Graybill. —MACDONALD Defense; M. Bowlby, R. Clearwater, B. Gustafson, M. Konicck, B. Krduge, C. Nacke, M. Pagliarulo, W. Pjiisley, D. Smith, C. Snyder, J. Spandit, H. Whyte, C. Woodward, J. Wooling, J. Hillebrandt. -CHAPMAN and SIEGLER Committee members please check bulletin board for room assignments. Dolphin Actives and Pledges: Those who were present at the last meeting and haVe been assigned dates meet at the Women’s Gym gt 6 p'. m., Ttiesday, 'October 6.
—KRUECK
Ag Ed Society: Debris picture will be taken Tuesday, October 6. at 7:30 p. m. in the Music Room of the Union.
—DALZELL
Army Air Corps Applicants: All students who have applied for meteorology ti’alning with the Army Air Corps and have not yet been enlisted or who desire to apply, contact Capt. Graham in the Ai5m6ry. Enlistments for Meteorology Training clpse on Thursday, October 15. —GRAHAM Student Art Guild: Meeting at 7:30 p. m., Tuesday, October 6, in room 263 of the Union. —FELDER Alpha Phi Omega: All actives intending to go on the hike, Saturday, October 10, must contact Weaver (phone 5418) by Thursday. —BENDER WAA: Riflery begins Monday, October 12. All house and hall sports representatives let me know by Thursday, October 8, which day your group wishes to shoot. Meets will be held at (1:30 p. m. Monday through Tliursday, October 12-15, inclusive. . —WILBUR Alpha Phi Omega; Pledging ceremonies and an important business meeting including discussion of the forthcoming hike Satuiday, October 10, wilTbe held in roojn 304 of the Union, Tuesday, October 6, at 7:80 p. m. —BENDER Gimlet Club: Anyone who did not turn his football coupon in to me will have to get his ticket,in the ordinary manner.
—FRASER
Playshop Lab: All of those who tried out for lab. plays see list posted in Fowler Hall. Final reading will be held Tuesday^ October 6, at 4 p. m. —SMITH All Students: Anyone having or knowing the whereabouts of Debris paper cutter please return or inform us immediately. It disappeared the night of Riveter Ras&el elections. —BALL
Classified Ads
Money to loan on diamonds, watches, eunil, luggage, typewriters. Albert’s Loan Offich, 407 Columbia. Typewriters—Adding Machines, all make* sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. J. Ebersboff, $05 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779. Will pay cash for any old or new used bicycles. Kiger Shell Service, Northwestern at Columbia. , Lost—Pink plaid coat. Call 00252.
t DOES YOUR PEN LEAK? Expert Repair Service SOUTHWORTH’S
DOUGLAS SHOES $5.50 - $^.50 PURDUE SHOE STORE 302 State St, West Lafayette
She has her line-— for both, but you can be sure sheTl take the smoothie to Gold Digg ers. To look smooth— let WEST SIDE cleaners put a neat pleat in your zoot suit.
Northwestern and Vine Sts.
Phone 4081
'"'By Getting Your Meats and Poultry at THRIFiy LOW PRICES!
CITY MEAT & POULTRY MARKET 3^6 Ferry ' Phohe 5372
’fffC THE JAFSl
Help the Treasury “Minute Men” nf /tmerica hy qning tn the nearest store and buying ynur ' r. S. DEFEMSE BOMDS and STAMPS TODAY