t ^
THIPU H COLUMN Discusses TurmoiU Of. World War II
Volume 54, No. 24
Established 1889
Will
Set As Day For
USO Opens Campaign This Week Openiy}g officially this week, a house to house campaign will be conducted by the USO in a drive for the Tippecanoe quota of $14,400 for the year of 1942-1943. President Elliott, who conti ibuted a check at the faculty meeting last Itfonday, was the fast contributor on the campus. The canvassing will be done through the cooperation of the community fund organization. StalF members and employees of ihe University received letters Pnday from the president’s office foi' the di ivc. The first checks in answer to these letters were received ycstci day. All those who send in their contributions immediately will receive stickers which they may put up before the stai’t of the campaign. Campus Drive This Week V, The president’s office is asking that the campus diive be completed next week ahead of the community drive which will be conducted from July 6-18. All those who wish to receive stickers may send theii donations to the president’s office this yveek before the regular diive starts. Headquarters for the USO in this County have been set up in the Horner builcting at 6th and Columbia. Volunteer women workers will carry on the house to house canvass in Lafayette, West Lafayette and surrounding towns and rural tcrritoiy during the week of the drive. The county quota of $14,400 is part of the natibnal goal of $32,000,000 which is/ being collected to be used for recreational and social activities for servicemen in all parts of the wprld.
Participating in a surrealistic strip tease are members of the cast Larry Myers, with clarinet; Betty Jane Mowry, in white formal; and Jeanne Nigg in not much of anything. Uim Dandy^ Cast Rehearses For Opening Tuesday
Although officially scheduled to begin tomoriow, the Indiana Grain Dealers Association mid-summer convention will open today with enteitainment arrapged by Pied K. Sale, secretaiy of the A.ssocialion. The piogiam includes a golf match between the delegates and an informal talk in the evening by Dr. Robeit L. Phillips of the department of history. The regular program of the convention, which is expected to atti act around 400 giain and feed dealers, will featuie dii-eussions of a wide range of present day pi oblems whn‘h affect the grain dealer. Wells Trt Discuss tSorage Amon^ the spoakei s who will discuss vatieus aspects of the present grain .situation will be J. E. Wells, Jr., assistant to the Secretary of Agriculture, from Washington. He will talk on “The Giain Storage Situation”. “W'artiMe Transj-ortii-tion” will be discussed by Freeman Bradford, traffic ma/iager of the Indianapolis Board of Tiado. M. M. Justin of West Lafayette, state agricultural slatislician, will tliscuss “The Indiana Grain Crops Outlook”. Carl T. Wilson of Sulphur Springs, president of the association, tvill preside over torrioi i ow’s two sessions. President E. C. Elliott will extend greetings from the University. At the banquet in th6 evening, William Dern, Cincinnati, will make an address on “Funny Pi^-opaganda”. Other problems of concern to the grain dealers are to be discussed by E. P. MacNichol of the Ameriacn Peed Manufacturers, Chicago; B. M. Angell, Indianapolis, and R. B. Bow^ den, executive vice piesident of the national association.
By Art Hunter We dropped in on diess lehearsal proceedings over in Fowler Hall last Wednesday night for a sneak pieview glimpse of Playshop’s newest pioduction, “Jim Dandy”, and for two hours watched Diiector H. K. Caimichael and the cast apply the polishing touches to the popular William .Saroyan comedy which will be presented to the student body next Tue.sday and Wednesday in Fourier Hall at 7:30 p. m. Complete with a revolving door, a semi-stiip tease, a gland conglonieiation of bells, water cooler and cash regi.ster, and staged about a somewhat sunealistic theme, the entile play is eenteied about the activities of Jim Dandy, excellently charactei ized by Prof. P. E. Lull, and the personalities ho contacts in a public libiaiy. ^ The play is definitely different fiom any of the Playshop pioductions we’ve witno<.scd, for it leally has no plot; and we can guaiantee that a puit of the audience will not like it. On the othci hand some will be genuinely enicriaintd by this novel foim of dianiatics similai to the style found in “Time of Your Life” which won the Pulitzer Piize for .Saroyan and enjoyed a record-breaking run on Bi oadway. Playshop has indeed ranged far and wide from the student body in the Selection of eharaclei s foi thoii now shory. In addition to Professoi Lull, they have chosen Betty Jane Mowry, a seriioi at Indiana and resident of West Lafayette, for the main feminine lead of the librarian,
Flora.
Paul Gore, who for tlie past three years has spent his summers on the campus taking giadunte work in .speech, and has spent the rmnaining nine months teaching at a school near Nashville, Tenn., poitiays Jim Crow, the coloied character who acts as Jinr Dandy’s shadow and servant. For the role of Little Johnny, a small boy about 9 years old, two Moiton school lads, Edward Claik and Jack Schaupp, have been secured and they will a' • ternate oii'the two nights. Lairy Myers will portray the chai actei of Johnny^ the young man with one foot in the grave; while the role of Molly, the dancer, will be taken by Jeanne Nigg. In the contrasting loles of Jock, the optimist, ami Fishkiu, the pessimist, are Arthur Barab and Richard
Kohls. Along with Professor Lull, Kohls undoubledly steals top acting honors with his portrayal of the pessimistic charatter he represents. Bill Lester completes the cast in his role of the bewildered postman. Crew for the production include Betty Gray, stage manager; and ciewheads Meyer Evanson, master carpenter; Lee Fishback, lights; Geoige Zibsis, properties; Anne Bradley and Bill Lestei, costumes; John Clark, sound effects; and Mary Jane Osbuine, make-up. Playshop has ai ranged to present a special dress rchcar.sal of the play for the Cai y Hail .sailors and their dates this alteinoon at 2:20 in Fowler Hall. Sailors with or without dates aie invited to attend this perfoimance.’ .Single admi'-sion tickets for the performance on 'I’uesday and Wednesday evening.s may bo obtained foi .50 cents at the dooi or in the Foulei Hall tickel office on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday after-
noons.
riiffn The Ruhr
ENLISTED RESERVE Qualtficafrons Listed On Editorial Page
Sunday, |une 28, 1942
n
Prom July 24 Advance Ticket Sales to Begin Next Week
fegistration l|-2Q To Meet
School
Hy Dale btiii
AI Donahue and his orchestra featuring “Low Down Rhythm in a Top Hat” will play for the Summer Prom to be held Friday, July 24, in both ballrooms of the Union, according to an announcement received last night from the committee in
All citi4|^S‘alfd aliens of West Lafayette Who charge. Dancing will last from 9 until 3 and AWS has apwere born on or after January 1, 1922, and on or before June proved 3 a. m. hours for coeds. Six huhdred tickets, priced at 30,1924, will register for selective service and training, Tues- $1,85, will be placed on sale Monday, July 6, and will remain day from 7 a. m. to ^)'p. m, at Morton grade school located at on sale until July 10. After this date no sales will be made until 222 North Chauncey Street. July 23 and 24 when the price will be raised to $2. Ticket sales In accordance with an Act of Congress providing for the will be limited to 1000 tickets. A Prom king and queen will be
Philanthropic Sorority Votes $4,400 For War Psi Iota Xi, national social and philanthropic soroiity, voted to appropriate $4,400 toward the war effort at their foitieth annual convention, held at the University last
week.
The organization set aside $1,400 for the purchase of a mobile ambulance unit, which will be presented to the Red Cross or one of the aimed services. Also authorized was the purchase of $3,000 worth of war bonds, bringing the total amount of
extension of liability for military service and for the registration of the man power of the iiation, the Honorable Henry F, Schricker, Governor of the State of Indiana hffs proclaimed this day as Registration Day and has called upon all
eligible men to register.
Must Register If Out Of Town Students of the University who are eligible for registration and who will be out of the city on Tuesday will be permitted to register at the most convenient place of reg-
istration in any community.
Each registi’ant has te privilege of picking his own “place of resi-
dence’
Obstacle Course Tires 6o Into Scrap
rubber in the University plant con-
tinued today.
The old tires, called tot in the original specifications of the ob-
which determines the local stacle course, will be replaced by board that will have jurisdiction substitute materials that will nev-
0—0 over the tegistrant. Registtants arje ertheless call for the same high war bonds purchased by the sorority cautioned to be extremely stepping on the part of oVer 2,000 in the past three months to $5,000. filling out their home ady men students now taking the physi-
dresses on the registration blanks cal preparedness course,
because this determines their place of residence and ulUmately their
local draft boards.
Students May Us6 Lbcal Address For the sake of convenience. Uni
elected by popular vote and the stubs of the tickets will serve
as ballots for the voting. Donahue hails from Boston
and received his early musical training there. His parents wanted him to become a lawyer but he chose to become a
Uncle Sam’s serdp rtjbbfer eollee- musician. They arranged a tion was increased by 40 old automo- compromise and Donahue enbile tires which had formed a part terCd Boston College of Law and of the obstacle course used in the the New England Conservatory of University’s “Physical Prepared- Music at the same time. After gradness” program as the collection of uating from both schools with high
Endow Indianapolis Symphony Continued support was provided for both the Hoosier Salon and the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra. It was voted to provide three purchase prizes of $100 each
In the University scrap rubber campaign, pickups have already
honors, he took a job in a law office while playing night with a jazz
band.
Drops Law Practice Finally Donahue decided to forgfet law and become a maestro. After playing at various resorts and hotels throughout the country, he formed his own band and be-gan-a one year engagement at the Fisher Theatre in Detroit. From here the band secured a contract
been made at the athletic depart- to supply dance orchestras for all nient and physical plant and piles Of the ships of a steam^ip line plying scrap are being assembled nt other the Carribbean beat.
prizes of $100 each for versity students may wish to indi- points for pickup later. ipjj orchestra has lone been
Hoosier Salon pictures and to con- cate their local address in West The material is being temporarily nonular radio record and theatre tribute $500 to the Psi Iota Xi en- Lafayette or Lafayette as their stored in the locomotive iribseum favorite and their Okeh recordings dowment fund for the Indianapolis place of residence. This may effect and the entire Purdue contribution jjave placed among the nation’s top
f f correspondence, will be turned over to the Tippe- sellers. They have appeared regulong distance telephone calls and canoe county committee tomorrow Jarly over major radio network sys-
Symphony.
At the final meeting of the convention last Friday, Miss Elwynne Griffith, of Scottsburg, Indiana, was elected Grand President.
Provinces Changed
In order to equalize the number of chapters in each of the thiee
traveling expenses, involving both or Tuesday
time and money in contacting their
local boards.
All students of the University who are subject to this registration and are prevented from registering by illness are requested to get in
Refunds
Those students who made distinguished last semester niay call for
provinces, the delegates took action touch with the assistant dean of their refunds at the Cashier’s office
shifting five chapters from the noithern'to the central province, and five from the central to the southern province. The shift left 23 chapters in the northern province and 22 each in the central and
southern.
In view of the war emergeilcy and attendance problems, the decision
men who will act as registrar such cases.
in the Administratioh building. —HOLLENSBE
University Initiates Training For Signal Corps Officers
terns and recently they have been featured at the Waldorf Astoria and Rainbow in New York City, the Coloney Club in Palm Beach and the Sands Point Casino on Long
Island.
Donahue is over six feet tail, has wavy, brown hair and is reputed to be one of the most handsome bandmasters heard around the swing circuit. He has repeatedly been voted among the ten best dressed men in the country and his musicians call him “Commodore” because of his lengthy career with
the cruise liners.
Featured with Donahue’s orchestra will be Jean Gordon, lovely girl vocalist, and Snooky Lanson, to-
, Sixteen electrical engineers have been commissioned by the concerning next year’s convention . , „
was left to the discretion of the ^avy assigned to the University for a 12-weeks
council. It was indicated that in all COLirse in ultra high ffequency techniques, which began last gether with a musical crew offerprobability there would be no week. Thirteen members of the class are University gradu- ing sweet, hot, and swing treatprovince or mid-year fneetings dur- ates, and three graduated from'other midwesterrt universities, i^ents of all the cunent favorites,
ing the coming year.
nal corps. The other two were commissioned as fensigns in
the U. S. Naval Reserve. Siskind To Teach Course These men will take a re-
fresher course in electrical en-
gineering during the first six ^"4 Leslie T. Lorenz, ’40, Elgin, RL,
Five women and thiity men from Lafayelle and neaiby towns have successfully com]ileted a defense, 1 raining coin so in ladio technicians tiaiiiing and will be granted ccrtificatc.s by the University, as authorized by the United States office of ■ education. Two sectiohs began training March 2, meeting three niglrts a week during the past 16
weeks.
More than half of those completing the course have signed up for civil service positions in the field ol ladio. 'Pho University will offer a couise in aviation ladio for junior engineering aids under civil service, beginning July 15. Radio toclinicians tiaining was offered to provide basic instruction foi' men who will become radio technicians in the army or navy and for men and women who will be omjiloyed in broadcasting and other civilian jobs. The course was taught by G. E. Ilappoll, instructor in the mathematics department, and R. R. Townsley, chief engineer for station WBAA.
In connection ,with support provided the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra, Delta chapter, of Indianapolis, was awarded a silver trophy for best support of the Friday luncheon programs, and Epsilon chapter, of Columbus, for ticket sales.
\
Katherine Hail Weds Lt. Wheeler, IE '41 Lieutenant Sheldon B. Whgeler, EE ’41, who is now executive officer
of Battery F of the 36th Field Ar- , , , .
tillcry at Foit Bragg, North Caro- taking the same course, lina, recently maiiied Katherine The now/ class is taught by Prof.
Biirrer Hall, a graduate of Miami University, Oxford, Ohio. The wedding look place at Fort Bragg vvil . Chaplain A. K. Matthews officiating. Wheeler, the son of Colonel and Mrs. Gilmer M. Bell of the Philippine Islands, is a native of San Antonio, Texas. While at the Univer-
sity ho was a member of Alpha Chi frequencies.
Rho social fraternity.
All but two of the men have been commissioned as second JiT m Ohio and ieutenants in the U. S. Army Reserve and assigned to the sig- her and other leading orchestras.
ley, Tenn.; Maurice N. Bouton, E. E. ’37, St. Louis, Mo.; and Donald L, Dakan, E. E. ’34, Moundsville, W. Va. , . Ralph E. Willison, Case School of **^*'®®'
Applied Science ‘39, Massillon. O., marching music and the tin ee quar
Swing To Fall In Popularity “Swing as the top national music
craze may become a war casualty,” says Donahue. “The next musical enthusiasm will be for two types of
the six-eight rhythms of
weeks and will study ultra high frequencies during the second half of their course. Thirty-nine Univeo’sity seniors
R. P. Siskind of the School of Elec-
tiical Engineeiing,
After completing the course here, they will be assigned to duties in the field, many of them woiking with Radar, the radio locator which detects enemy aircraft at a distance. This secret device uses ultra high
Penalty Dates During the Summer Term there are two penalty dates. They are July 2 and July 6. These dates represent the twen-ty-four hour periods before and after the Independence Day Recess. A student who is absent from classes on either of these days will be assessed an extra fee of $5.00 for each day or fraction thereof missed. GOLDSMITH.
Four Schools Represented
The group includes the following men assigned to the signal corps: Edwal’d R. Kingsbury, E. E. ’32,
have been commissioned as Ensigns in the U. S. Naval Reserves.
Exponent There will be an important meeting for all Exponent editorial and sports staff juniors and sophomores Monday at 7 p. m. in the Exponent office. Assignjoients Will be made for articles for the special Independence Hay edition. Weisskopf To Speak Tomorrow At T:30 III Physics Building Dr. V. F. Weisskopf of the Uni-
ter time of waltz music. Popular songs will be written so that they can be played equally well in foxtrot time and in marital beat.” The orchestra is noted for its versatility and in the course of his extensive travels Donahue has played for virtually eveiy type of audience to be found within the borders of the Western Hemisphere. He has played from Maine to Pensacola, from the tip of Florida to the midwest and he is equally familiar with the Americas south of the border which he visited a number of times on shipboard dates and
inter-American tours. Variety Of Audiences
His audiences have ranged from the chic society gatherings to wild-ly-clapping student jitterbug audiences in mammoth theatres like the New York Paramount or Strand,
Chester M. Olson, Michigan State of Roche^er will discuss the decorous Ivy League college ’40, James L. Thompson, E. E. ’39, Philosophy of Physical Concepts hectic, heated jamborees Robert L, Tilford, E. E. ’39, John “ series of lectures on which no rhythmic invention
H. Smale, E. E. ’40, from Indianapolis; John A. Hand, E. E. ’34, Muncie; Byron D. ^ethmeyer, B. E. ’40, Kokomo; Vaughn G. Layman, E. E. ’32, South Bend; Joseph H. tSaloy, E. E. ’40, Anderson; Laverne D. Lyon, Iowa State ’SB, Goshen; 'James P. Williams, E. E. ’32, Fortville; Taylor B. Rice, E. E. ’34, Rip*
in the last of a series of lectures on the philosophy of science tomorrow evening at 7:30 in room 103 of the
new Physics building.
The series of lectures has been presented by the University branch of the American Association of Scientific Workers. Dr. Weisskopf is an authority on nuclear physics.
of the band has proved too much for the dancing crowds. The band is noted for its ability to switch deftly from sweet to swing to waita and back to swing again without affecting the quality of Its music aiidlsueh variety seems to be in store for the Sommer Prom Go’ers.>■ Jl
FriiN,*- in lliief Nows rditor Mniiacnnj I dilor Sports 1 (litor it iRimsN Mfinafror ( 111 Inti II Manager Cl d Ivditor
John f Amo* Don T Brpphy John H Armstrong Robert L Uadlejr William D Millard Ken K Gjemre Alice Chatheld
Publication Staff Associate Editors Ldilorial StnlT R W Boswmkle D E Butz W G Hoskins, A R n 11 I r n W Ochiltree W E Rafert Oimrls SInff I) T Brewer T S Dawson E L Karpick I ed Stsff S 11 Benll Charlotte Hass lean Lauer Business Staff Coed Business Manager Julia Martin A hi,rli UK. Managers T M Wright D L JohniOIt. t iinilaiioii Manager G H Klouman Ac oiinls Manager Trena Torrenga J inior Coed Managers Ellen Clark Jana KelSB.
Staff For This Issue Nvgh Iditor Boswmkle Day Editor Beall Issue Editor Vegh Ivrpnriers Sh 11 oski Murphy Stephenson Stout
entered ns second class matter at the post office In Eafay e te ind ana under the act of Congress of March 3 1879 and at Ihe speiial rate of postage provided for in aectioii 1103, n t f t ct her 1 1917 authorized January 20 1922 Published 11 Wedn sday 1 nday and Sunday mornings during the sum r r s 1 e ter and daily except Monday during the fall and 1 niei s lusters Delivered locally hy carrier for $125 for s II n er sin ester maiUd subscriptions $150 Kil I c lid for national advertising bv National Advertlsni, s,erM t Inc College Publishers Representatives, 420 Mills II Avc New 1 ork N Y
Sludents And Army, Navy Or Marine Corps Reserve 1 Pi M ions Mill be made to enlist necessary stu in lot ultancecl ^ludy leseairh and faculty le II ttn it Students in these categoiies will be per mil < 1 lo continue then studies in an inactive reseive =1 1 Heals of Schools and Departments should sihml t) the Piesidents Office foi appioval the 1 11 1 fcniois whom they desiie enlisted foi the niCt^oii puiposes „ I 111 luo being an institution maintaining an Ai n\ 1 OIC Lint evclusively and m which the ROTC b 1C c ui e lb compulsoiy paiamount interest at Pu cue 1C t with the Aimy Navy enlistments will le m e,f a^ ■‘’olloMo ( ) \o enlistments in the Naval Reseive will be III 1 fi om tl e fieshman class (I ) El li tnifiii,'- in the Naval Reserve from the sjpl omoic cH '' Mill not be made until aftei selection of 11 ntb foi the Aimy ROTC Advanced Couise 1 I cn nade The selections foi the Army ROTC A \ 1 ttd Coui e Mill be announced not latei than thi n filths pi 101 to the completion of the equiva 1 n rplomore year Aiiangements foi the enlist nent cf tudents foi the Naval Reserve from the Oi nomoie cla's may be made immediately aftei the vcl Ltioi ue made foi the advanced Aimy ROTC The ac nil enlistments of these students will be com kted at the teimination of the sophomore year S( 1 lilt Mho have been pieviously enlisted in the \i \ rnhsLed Reseive Coips and who do not ac ccjit erntnet- foi the Aimy ROTC Advanced Course \ ill I non application of the individual be dischaiged fii the puipose of enlisting in the Naval Reserve if they =1 d“siie (c) Pnli tments in the Naval Reseive from the jun n nd sei loi clas es will be made as soon as the I im h had oppoitunity to exercise its paramount inteicst Juniois and seniors now in school will be a ..il tl le loi enlistment in the Navy by September ] I 1912 luniois and Seniois eni oiling for the fall Ici n h inning Septcmbei 2, 1942 will be available fo uch enlistment on Novembei 1, 1942 Tl policy of commissioning a limited number oi 1^01C giaduates each yeai in the Naval or
contip«'ei IPhe has
1 1 rl tiiosG CO commissioned wilPhe based on a wilt tin 1 que t liom the Navy Department to the Wai D j aiti cut This numbei to be selected liom senioi real yOlC students and in geneial to include the
Ic l!o I g
( i) Studei ts who are desired lor commission in t'l P Lilai "Vlaiint Corps Ib^ Students with special engineeiing training who 1C tk 11 cd foi commission in the Naval Reserve for u t in inpbuilding and similar programs (c) Student who foi special icasonSj such as be n rn oi Naval or Marine Corps Personnel, desire 1j c( nmi sioned in the Navrl or Marine Coips
P( e \t
'■ I he \\ u and Naey Depaitments agree that stu d nts M 11 1 ot be commissioned or enlisted in the '^e five foijs ol the Navy including the Mai me C ip except as provided m Paiagiaphs 2 and 3
1 c\
5 \ qualifying examination will be given to all ('bits dining then second academic yeai The 1 fit I ni foi tho e students enlisted in the Naval i ( 1 ( till he difleient Horn that given men in the 1 \ 1 J 1 ted Receive in that the Navy examination A 1 n eludi mathematics and physics As a result ( this t amiiiation the tollowing action will be tal 1 ( il A lju tnxnts in the Univeicity quotas will be in Mheie deemed appropriate It is impoitant, tj p t et Pm due" quota, that only good men be (r e ( J) Til) e men m the Aimy Enlisted Reseive who J 1) t 11 e L t le leejuned level will be called to active tit li ted men and given the same opportunity Ij u 1 l\ foi tomnn sion as other enlisted men These til 1 111 the Na\al Reseive who do not meet the < 1 I 1 J ela ifieation level will be governed by the 1 uia 1 n of the Navj V 1 Accredited College Pio f J an b '^eketi\e Seivice (a) t-fuelent regi tered lor Selective Seivice, will 1 11 1 ( d to obtain a cleaianee tiom then Selective ivice lieiaid piloi to enh tment ueh clearance to I • i 11 1 < el aftei the student has hied an application M til Hk Militaiy Depai tment Puidu Univeisity (I ) All Indents enh ted will he released from the )iij 1 tj n eif the Selective Service Board" and will 1 ilj cl to active duty ciders from the militaiy e 1 \i( unelei ueh lules and regulations as have h n „fnoune(d (t) All tudents enlisted will be repoited to the S( ]< f (ivp Seivice Boaid and will become a credit to the Boaid’ ciuota as follows (1) If jegisteied a credit to the Board with which thev are legistcied Uf If not yet registered a credit to the Board
Tom Corcoran, Karl Bickel Help Avert' Serious Naval Manila Hemp Rope Shortage WASHINGTON, D C , June 27—While we are suffering headaches and footacheS from Jesse Tones’ short sightedness on rubber, most people don’t know that we were more far sighted m regard to Manila hemp rope which comes exclusively from the Philip pines and the South Pacific And still fewer people know that the only reason why the U S Navy is not now out of rope is because the famous Biaintrustei “Tommy the Coik” Cor coian, and Kail Bickel, ex chief of the United Pi ess, took an inteiest in the matter More than thiee yeais ago, Tom Corcoran began needling the admirals about the importance of growing hemp in the western hemisphere He pointed out that war was imminent m the Pacific which would cut off our supply of rope But the admirals didn’t react at all However, Coicoran persevered, proposed that the Navy get $2,000 000 fiom Congress to start growing abaca, tlie plant from which hemp is made Today the admnals aie talking in terms of billions, but in 1939" they thiew up then hands at the idea ot getting $2 000 000 out ol Congiess, and lowered the hguie to $10 000 Ot that time it was a penitentialy offense to take abaca loots out ol the Philippines But somehow the United Piuit Co had managed to get some abaca roots, had kept them ilive m Costa Rica rnd wrs leady to plant them on i laige scale if it could get an RFC loan fiom Jesse Jones • Newspaper Salesmanship Corcoran and his friend Kail Bickel had aheady approached a group of Boston bankers, urging that a loan not only was good business, but would protect the Navy’s rope supply tor the future The bankeis were willing to advance the munificent sum of $15 000 So finally Bickel and Coicoi n went to Jesse Jones Bickel gave Jones a sound sales talk in legaul to expanding hemp production through the United Fiuit Co in Central America Jones listened foi exactly ten minutes Then he =aid “Have the United Fruit Company lawyeis form r separate company by this time tomoiiow and 111 lend ’em $2 000,000 ’ Elated Bickel immediately telephoned to Samiul Zemuiray in Boston president of Ihe United 1 niit Co , but he was out to lunch Finally he got Zemur lay s lawyer The latter couldn t believe the news ‘Jones said that‘s he asked Jesse Jones'' ‘ Yes he 11 lend you $2 000 000 Aftei lunch, Bickel got a letuin call fiom Boston a" follows “Ml Zemuiray says that if Jesse Jones thinks the idea IS that good the United Fiuit Company will put up the money itself • New Normandie Mystery Congies-'iDnal inve^tigatois "pent weeks and thou sands of the taxpayeis’ dollai piobing the buining of the Flench luxuiy hnei Normandie Howevei rht investigatois mmsed one significant item which needs a lot of explaining In eveiy ship conversion contract kt by the govern ment theie is a clause fixing the financial hibihty ol the contracting company, to cover damages fo the ship traceable to neglect and other causes Liability is computed accoidiiig to thi size and value of the "hip In the case ot big ves"els the sum runs high For example The Robins Diy Dock and Repaii Company of Brooklyn, N Y which convei Led the U S S Manhattan into a troopship, was put un (lei a $1 000 000 liability Ihe same company got the original Noimandie contiact Ytl, strange as it may seem liability lor the Normandie was only $300 000 the Noimandit is three limes bigger than the Manhattan but the Robins company’s liability was three times less Insiders, who have seen the Noimandie conti ict aic mystified about why the Navy fixed the Inbility loi its coiivei 1011 so low And the Congiessioii il investigation said not one woid about this • King Of Greece Duiing his Capital visit King Geoigo ot Greece heaid many stilling compliments on the iiidoniitahle fight his heroic couiitiymen waged against the Axis invadeis Also he got some friendly advice on the pitfalls ot Amerieaii hero worship While the monarch was shaking hands Mith sena tois and iepiesentatives tollowing his iioicli in tho House a small boy uddeniy popped up and u quested an autogiaph A little latei on s iid the King good natuicdly He suddenly felt a nudge tiom Ripie entitui Joe Mai tin of Massachusetl s smait GOP leadei who was standing next to him ‘ I wouldn t it I weie you whimpered Mai tin You don t think it would be advi"able aski d the King It you sign one autogiaph warned Mailin uul oth«,s "ee you doing it you 11 be st impcde>d hj i couple ot hundiod people aiounl hen It isn t ev ly day they have a eh nice to pet a royal autogiaph Tl ank you loi ro'-emng me, Mhi"peied the Kinf • Axis Oil Fields Behind the frequent Jap bombing laid" on Noith Austiaha n a veiy important fact which h la escaped the lieadlines As long as Gen MaeArthur’s planes are based on North Australia the Japs can t go ahead with then long cherished plans to develop the oil fields of Java ’ Foi long lange U S Aimy bombeis cm ciiiy pn loads to Java and make a shambles ol oil tank" and oil wells That IS wh/ the I ip "till want to tike Noith have cooled oil on the uk r of landing Hoops in the have coled off on the idea ot landing tioops in (li more populated and richer ueas of southe ist Aus tl aha—M Inch ineide nt illy, aie now liongly de tended
corresponding to the legal address given by the student at the time of enlistment. EDWARD C ELLIOTT, President
‘I don’t think you’d like that, Dear—It’s strictly non-combat duty’’'
University Calendar Week of June 28-July 4
Sunday, June 28 8 00 PM Indiana Grain Dealers West Faculty Lge., Union Monday, June 29
9 00 A M 9 00 A M 4 00 P M 7 30 P M
9 00 A M 2 00 P M
7 30 P M
9 00 A M 1 00 P M 7 00 P M 7 00 PM 7 0PM 7 15 P M 7 10 PM 7 30 P M
Indiana Grain Dealers South Ballroom, Union House Directors' Training School WRH P O M M Closed Meeting Armory S A E Meeting Room 108 ME Building
Tuesday, June 30
House Directors Training School WRH Purdue Womens Club Program Committee East Faculty Lge., Union Purdue Playshop—Summer Show Eliza Fowler Hall
Tobruk Turmoil News of tho capitulation ot Biit ain’s Libyan poit of Tobruk reached London ears last Sunday night after the stiategically important city fell to Field Marshal Erwin Rommel’s trerce plane and tank assaults after one day of hghting The news was received with great consternation in England and caused an uproar m Parliament, threatening radical changes in the military and political set up ol the war, due to eiiois in judgment which are reported to have caused the debacle At week’s end announcement comes from Britain that Gen Neil Ritchie has been relieved of his command of the British 8th Army in Egypt and Libya IDs lack of judgment in sending the cream of the army’s tanks out to be am bushed and annihilated by a German anti tank force, and his under esti mate of Rommel’s air power result ed in the fall of lobruk and the consequent advance ot German troops, on their way lo Suez, to their pres ent position within 15 miles of the coastal town of Matruh less than 200 miles from Alexandria British Want Action With his countiy in a strte ot political agitation over the Libyan loss and with the people ready to demand explanations and action from him Winston Chiiichill ended his conleienees with Roosevelt and othei United N itions officnls m Washington late this week to le turn home Results oC this second confcioneo of till two Ic rdeis will undoubtedly remain si cut until tin plans an being tiilfilleil but Roosevilt rnd Churchill issued a joint stall ment promising Ilitlei an ofiensive tliat would divert his tioip itom Lht ha d pus ed Russians thus in sw( ling thi ciy ot th UniUd Na tions foi i second fiont in Luiope Hope Rekindled Pacific Wai Council and memheis of Congiess meetinp in an ill d ly
session with the Piesident and the Piime Minister Thursday stated that hope for the unpromising War situation had been rekindled at the meeting Chin chill fiankly itdmitted the mistakes that had been made in the Eai East, but gave assurances, even in face of the Nazi advance, that Egypt and the Suez Canal would remain in Allied hands riuthci indication of plans for Ameiickn paiticipation in Euiope was evidence by the War Depai tment’s appointment of Maj Gen Eisenhower m command of all U S air and land units in England and Noithein Ireland, and the formal establishment of a European thea ter of operation One Thousand For One The quiet little Czech town of Lezaky succumbed to the fate of Lidice this wi^ek when the Nazi Gestapo brought the total number slam in lepiisal for the assassination of Reinhard Heydrich to nearly 1 000 Offering the excuse that people of Lezaky shielded the killers from the police, Nazi tropers sent old men Momen and children off to concentration camps, killed all the men of the town, and burned it to the ground It would seem that Hitler is neivous that the little, beaten people of his occupied territories, staivmg though they may be, can still offei lesistmce enough to make their oppiessors at raid of their own shadows and he is learning that the decadent democracies’’ can produce men who don t have to have {Continued on page 4)
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS Intversitv Booh Store
ArroBS rrom Unioo Red ‘Gammons 29 Doc Ppple *40
Wednesday, July 1
Iloii p Di Pilnis Tl iiniiif School WRII ' ‘^ciitnRpvmw Hall of Music Univ I ily Cliil) Bulge Fasti iculty Lge Union Chii II ui 1 elloMship Mielin Room 107 Union M un q ( C(uis Rioms 302 & ’04 Union Phil it< he Clul Room 105 Union Piudup I OK shy Club Room 225 Hoit Building
Puidup Plaj Inp Summei Slio\/
I li7 1 FowIpi Hall
Thursday, July 2 9 00 AM House Diipctoi s Tt lining School WRH Friday, juSy 3 HOLIDAY Safurday, July 4 HOLIDAY—Independence Day Amelia Eaihiit I xhibit ill week—Reception iooms
TODAY-MON—2 Hifs ALL FUN AND FIREWORKS'
WOMAN OF THE YEAR plus LET S GET MARRIED ...then fight it out!
TODAY - MONDAY ROBERT YOUNG RANDOLPH SCOTT — IN — "WESTERN UNION" — AND — CHARLES BOYER MARGARET SULLIVAN — IN — "APPOINTMENT FOR LOVE" — PLUS — ALL-COLOR CARTOON
— TUES. - WED-— HE TURNED HER LOVE INTO TERROR!
G^NTFoSmi
See Miss Fontaine's great performance that won her the Academy Award for 1941"
CHARLES STARRETT — IN — 'ROYAL MOUNTED PATROL"
SERIAL
PLUS
CARTOON
AIR CONDITIONED COOL
mm
NOW SHOWING DOUBE FEATURE
rHE IVimACLE iVBARiTIIWE MUSICAL!
Warnor Bro* HERBERT ANDERSQN JACK CARSON JACKIE C CLEASON and tl e Deautlful Navy Blues Sextette Dtiectod bv LLOYD BAHOm PLUS The Tcnemcnf Terrors Blirx The Axis Spy Rings — It's Moider' THE EAST SIDE KIDS
\ for romance that's
» ^ \ ... 3 J-ff ll
gag and different' For magic Rodgers and Hart melodies' For glonous girls' Dazzhng spectacle' Your singing loveibffds'biggestshow'
LErS GET TOUGH
with _ Edward Everatt BInnIe HORTON • BARNES Reginald Douglass OWEN . DUMBRILLE Mona Janis MARIS • CARTER Inez COOPER
urnmm
-Slarfs TODAY-' ^ (h-r V/f I ’■ * I**. " ' -Q"'/'* isf\''^(1**'*!’'' ^ * ^ / ’ ' / Sunday^ tune 28^ 1942 Boilermaker Sports
IM Schedules m ports Communique
The following ffaternities will play Softball ’^uesday evening at
s
6:S0.
Diamond
By Bpb Hadley
s
17
Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Phi Kappa Delta Chi vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon, Phi Delta Theta vs. Alpha Sigma Phi, ^ambda Chi Alpha vs. Alpha Tau Omega, Sigma Chi vs. Phi Gamma Delta, Pi Kappa Phi vs. Phi Kappa Tau, Sigma Pi vs. Alpha Chi Rho, Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Beta Theta Pi, Theta Tau vs. Phi Kappa Sigma, Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Kappa Sigma, Delta Tau Delta vs. Acacia, Theta Chi vs. Sigma Nu, Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Delta Upsilon, Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Triangle, Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Beta Sigma Psi, Theta Xi vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Phi Kappa Psi vs. Kappa Delta Rho,
The following Cary Hall Softball games will be played Monday evening at 4 o’clock: Diamond' 13 Cary Hall 1 vs, Cary Hall 2, 14 Cary Hall 3 vs, Cary Hall 4. 16 Caiy Hall 6 vs, Cary Hall 6,
The following Ward Softball games will be played Monday evening at 6:30: Diamond 1 vs. Ward 27. 2 vs. Ward 26. 4 vs. Waul 22. 6 vs. Ward 25. Ward 21 vs. Ward 29.
The second round of the Wai’d singles will be played Tuesday evening at 6:30. The winners of the first found please consult the Intramural Office Bulletin Board for your next opponents. See that your matches are played off as scheduled, if at all possible. S^^imiining Classes For Town Girls Begin Tomorrow Totnorrow the second swimming perio^ for girls from 8 to 18 years of age will open'in Women’s gymnasium pool at the Univeisity. The period will last four weeks, thiough July 24, and will cost one dollar and a half per person. Classes will be held on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday morning with the beginners class at 9 and the advanced class at 10. The instructor for the course is Mai’y Scoville, of the University staff. The final four week couise in the series of three will be held fiom July 27 to August 22.
The All-Star rosters are out again and the annual deluge of comments of the “Who picked him?” type is on. Certainly no one is very surprised to see a fairly lar^e representation from the leading camps of the two leagues—both are in the back stretch of the baseball season with comfortable margins separating them from the respective runners-up. Still, with major league lineups altered considerably from this time last year, and many of last year’s stars having entered the armed forces, probably there was more room for thought on the part of the coaches who selected the team members than in other
years.
With 9 Yankees (including 6 players likely to start the contest) and 7 Dodgers named to their respective teams, the game begins to take on the appearance of a world series preview. At the same time the GordonRizzuto comb^ation which crowds the Yank infield (from a batter’s standpoint) is practically an indisputable choice, as are catcher Dickey and perennial All-Star huiler Lefty Gomez. While not performing at peak this season, Kellpr and Dimaggio are easily outstanding choices for starting berths in the American League outfield. Nor is anyone likely to contest the selec(^ion of Brooklyn ace Whit Wyatt, slugging outfielders Pete Reiser and ,Ioe Medwick of the same neighborhood. Dodger infield Billy Herman, Arky Vaughn, and “Pee Wee” Reese and receiver Mickey Owen. A lot of people aie taking notice of the fact that the Yankees have some pitching after all. At any rate of the 9 pitchers selected for the All-Star squad, 3 were Yanks and 2 was the maximum number picked from any other club. Apparently the stellar fielding and slugging tendencies of the New York club are not the only viitues that have kept them on top. A great many plans are being formulated in baseball circles to use the All-Star teams into a nation-wide promotion scheme for the benefit of Army and Navy relief. On the night following the regular annual contest between representatives of the two leagues, which will take place in the twilight of July 6, the winning team is scheduled to meet a crew of All-Stars representing the various service teams which have been active this season, in the Cleveland Stadium. The service team will be under the tutelage of Great Lakes manager, Mickey Cochrane, and will be studded with former top flight major league players now playing in a bigger league. In addition there is considerable discussion of utilizing the world series by playing it in a sei-ies of tiips to baseball centers all over the countiy. The idea is calculated to produce over a million dollars for Army-Navy relief uses. Phi Delts Remain In Top Position In Fraternity Softball Tourney With the softball season nearing the half-way mark. Phi Delta Theta is still hahging on to the lead it took early in the season to stay in the top position with a clean slate of 8 wins and no defeats. Tau Kappa Ep- { silon has won the same num- , ,, , „ , , , , hitting batters in the softball her of games but have one lone league, game chalked up on the wrong side of the ledger. Strong Hurlers Outstanding for the TKE’s has The play of nearly all of the ^^en the fine mound woik of Bob teams has been surprisingly good Hajzyk, erstwhile varsity footballer, with several fine huilers coming to ^as done the pitching in each the front with no-hit games and their nine games. i many batteis showing the foim The standings are as follows: which would be the envy of more W L Pet. than one semi-pro team. Phi Deltd\Theta 8 0 1.000 Largely responsible for the fine' Tau Kappa Ep.silon 8 1 .879 showing made by the Phi Delts has Alpha Tau Omega 7 1 .875 been the play of Ed Ehlers, a mem- Phi Kappa 7 2 .778 ber of Pop Doan’s freshman team Sigma Pi 6 2 .750 this spring and currently the regu- Sigma Alpha Mu 6 2 .750 lar thiid baseman on the strong Sigma Chi 6 2 .750 Lafayette Red Sox club. Aided Delta Upsilon 5 2 .714 greatly by his experience in hard Sigma Phi Epsilon 6 3 .667 ball circles, Ed is pi oving to be one phi Kappa Tau . 6 3 .667 of the baldest and most consistent
Cofhrane s A l-Sfar 18-Hole University GoH Course Service Nine Loses _ r. » . ■ r
Draws Big Turnout Of Links Fans
Valuable Players CLEVELAND, June 27—Lt. Gordon S. (Mickey) Cochrane’s AllStar Service squad will be short of four valuable players when it opposes the winner of the American League-National Eeague All Star tilt, here July 7. Pilot Cochrane will lose Hugh Mulcahey, the former Philadelphia Phil pitching star; Joe Marty, former Phil outfielder; Johnny Bernardino, former St. Louis Brown infielder, and Hank Greenberg, former Detroit slugger. Measles Hit Marty < Marty is on duty at Mather Field, Calif., and contracted the measles, and was quarantined in camp. His commanding officer sent word to Cochiane that he would not be able
to appear.
Mulcahey was under orders to repoit yesteiday for physical training
Notice
A gabardine raincoat has been found in the Fieldhouse. Anyone having lost such an article may claim it by calling the Athletic
Director’s office, 3076.
—MACKEY
By Don Brewer
Golf is here again! At least it seemed so yesterday when almost 150 students, faculty members, and townspeople turned out to play on the newly-completed, 6142-yard, 18-hole course back of Ross-Ade Stadium. Apparently the links fans had little trouble finding the rolling green fairways as automo- L-.
biles and walkers poured in a good wood shot to the left to line
and out from three directions, green.
Accessibility is a feature of “T *7/’”"1
■ •, distinction or other, and golf-coach
the new 18-hole circuit. (Golf- Harry Aiispaw, who was on the ers may enter by following scene yesterday, reflected, “All of Stadium avenue west to the wind- the holes aie doggone nice holes.” ing road, and drive right; follow Best bet for a hole-in-one tourney the winding cinder road back of would be the 12th—only 110 yards the 3-hole practice course and by in length. Coach Allspaw is waitthe P. E. 12 obstacle course; or en- ing around to see the first score
. . ter from Cherry Lane and other card with a “1” on hole 12. Pete Reiser IS the youngest of a ^^^ds onto the Stadium parking Everyone who has played so far is
immediately behind the Sta- enthused over the 18-hoIe circuit, dium—the first hole being directly ' only completed May 30. The first
west of that area.)
Pete Reiser Stars As N. L.
Batting Champ
from the service. He is now at his
home at Glendale, Mo.
Greenberg “Busy”
Hank Greenberg is in the middle of flight training in the Naval Air-
test.
If action on the part ^of service commanders is not more favorable in the near future, Mickey Cochrane will have to rely on material from the minor leagues to bolster his contenders. Mickey Harris, former Red Sox pitcher, on leave from ac-
tive duty in the Canal Zone, is ex- second of his two championships in pected to compete, providing that when with Brooklyn.
In the main, however, champion
nine holes were finished and opened to golfers. May 30, 1941, and so far
. „ . j, , , this season, 2500 rounds have been
All sorts of costumes appeared as , ,
_ j. played—a remarkable total.
Larger Turnouts
With fans already taking to the fairways, with the coming of summer an even larger turnout is expected. The golf-ball shortage, reported acute, is far from that, and plenty of ballsi are on hand at the
ting champions. Blooklyn’s center fielder was only 22 in 1941 when
. 1 , he topped the circuit’s swatters with
Air Force officers candidate school ^ 3^3 Brave Heat at Miami Beach, Fla, . . x • ^.i
Vaughan, his new teammate, in the
Beiaidino, it has been rdported, ranks of those who have led the fans attempted to cheat the first failed to pass the requirements in qJj league’s hitters at less than sweltering heat since almost a flying school, and was discharged 24 years of age. Vaughan was 23 month. Plenty of water is available
when he paced the loop with a .385 on the course—and golfers may mark for Pittsburgh in 1935. drink at 1, 3, 4, 7, 8,10,13,14, and 17 "
Several sluggers of the past won tees—an unusual feature for most ' ^ a s 0 ge,
the National League batting cham- courses.
pionship when they were 24 years Nobody/^et has turned in a par- ticket house at the first tee.
Corps and will not be able to quit old. This list includes Ed Roush, hitting r^ord on the par 71 course, “Revamped” is the keynote of his duties to prepare for the con- Cincinnati, 1917; Roger Hornsby, howeveyJast week a 73 was turned golf-ball production, with the large
■ St. Louis, in 1920; and Paul Waner, in for Abe circuit Snmp • J- • .qA lor^tne circuit, aome players concerns unwinding the rubber rittsDurgn, in laz/. have returned with “bowling scores” bands on turned-in pellets and reHans Wagner won his ^^t ^rat- f^j. ^be relatively tricky course. winding them on new cores. What’s ting championship at 26 in 1900 and TTirrtij. 4.1, j-a a his last at 37 in 1911. Bubbles Har- . the difference ? According to a regrace, Cincinnati, was 34 when he Hole two seems to be the hard- cent report, Ohio State University rode the crest in 1926, while Lefty ^'^^smen. Although hav- drained its water hazard and recov-
O’Doul was 36 when he copped the cult 474-yard dog leg which requires a good hook ball on the sec-
an extension of his furlough from me mam, nowever, cnampion shot-providing the player Ontr,rthTtinnic^^ National League batters usually hasn’t drivenamong thetreeslmduty in the tiopics IS given. mg both sides of the fan way. It has
Under 48-Hour Ruling
for $1.00. Townspeople may play
ered up in the thousands of golfballs, too deep to be recovered by
unfortunate Imksmen.
A round on the course is fairly inexpensive. Members of the staff and students may play nine holes for 30
have won their laurels at ages ,
ranging from 25 to 32. And then distinction of having the num- cents, 18 for 50 cents, and all day Many of the players already are ^long came Haiold Patrick Reiser ^^er-one handicap.
on duty near enough to Cleveland g^t that pace at 22
so that they can play under the 48hour rule. Special permission has been granted, however, to Bob Feller, foiraer Cleveland Indian mound star; Fred Hutchinson, formei huiler for the Detroit Tigers; Sammy Chapman, one-time Philadelphia Athletic outfielder, and Vinnie Smith, Pittsburgh Pirate catcher, all of whom are on duty beyond
the Cleveland area
Mixed Doubles Tennis Tourney To Start July 8
A good par-3 hole is four, with a large green offering a test to the best of golfers. The 17th fairway is another trick dog leg, number two on ,the handicap sheet, and golf-
for $1.00 for the complete course, or 50 cents after 4 p. m. The new Univeisity course offers a swell chance to links fans to get away from the class monotony for a
ers are finding a haid time driving while.
Phi Gams Take Lead In Gold & Black Race
Mixed doubles tennis tournament
is
scheduled to start on Wednesday evening, July 8, on the men’s clay courts north of the Fieldhouse. Entries for the tournament may be made by signing the lists placed
in the Women’s gym, the Field- found of play already, the regular Gold and Black schedule of house, WRH, and the west desk of six games should be completed within the next week or two. the Union. .These entries may be Following the games Thursday evening the Phi Gams aje lead-
With several of the fraternities having completed their fifth
If You Want to Reach These Purdue Eds and Coeds Advertise in the EXPONENT
Prof. W. Aitkenhead . . . head of the agiicultuial engineeiing department will be in Milwaukee, Wis., tomoriow, Tuesday and Wednesday attending the convention of the American Society of Agricultural Engineeis.
Rice Sets Another Distance Record
Greg Rice, formei Notre Dame j^^de by mixed paitners or by in- j«o. oack with an unblemd^stance star, and holder of seveial ^ividuals who will latertoe matched f unblem U. S. lecoids, raced through un- .^^^les teams. ' ^^hed record of 5 wms against favorable weather conditions to ^he touinament is sponsored by no defeats. The Slg Eps are Open Dates
ciack another iccoid recently. physical fitness committee, dose behind with four games won Sigma Phi Epsilon did not play Rice ran the Passaic, N. J., cinder athletic department, without a loss. Thursday nor did the Theta Chis. oval in the gloom o a misty nig t committee in charge includes To Have Playoffs Alpha Gamma Rho moved
to ciack the long established world Cooper, Dick Stettner, Bill
up
record for an odd distance—the 214 mile event. Now affiliated with the
Bond and Evelyn Schuber.
After all of the teams have played f^otch by beating Phi Kappa fratheir six contests, the eight high- ternity. They now have a record of
New Yoik A. C., the distance runner the physical fitness committee iiddled the old 214 mile maik by p^gggjjt awaids to the finalists,
doing the distance in 10:38.6 min-
At the end of the elimination ggt squads will battle it out for the four wins against a lone defeat.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
utes. Hanes Kolehmainen, the “Flying Finn,” set the old recoi'd, 10:45 flat, August 17, 1913.
^NOTICE — EXTRA GREYHOUND BUSSES WILL LEAVE DEACS ALL DAY THURSDAY
H. G. REISNER, BOOK STORE
POMM Will Sponsor Chem Warfare Talk Purdue Order of Military Meiit will sponsor a special meeting to-
championship in a playoff series. HUs have the same record by IShe winner will be awarded the virtue of their win over Tau Epsilon
first cup ever given for Gold and
Black since this is its fiist year According to the referees and of existence. some of the opposing teams the The Phi Gams had to go “all- Theta Chi outfit is rated to he one out” Thursday to take undisputed strongest and highest scor-
moriow at 4 p. m. in room 105 of possession of fiist place by nosing teams of the 35 fraternities enthe Armory. Captain William L. out a tough Lambda Chi outfit in ^ered. With Ed Cycenas, one of ElGilliland of the Chefnical Warfare a double overtime 6-5. With Brower Hurnham’s up and coming School stationed in Cary Hall will scoring two goals in less than 30 backfield men, has personally acbe the guest speaker at the meet- seconds the Lambda Chis took a 5-3 counted for four or five goals each ing which IS open to all interested lead in the early part of the first Same. Bill Shimer, Walt Smith and students. half. Stiver and Graham led the Warren Seaborg are other high Captain Gilliland’s subject will Phi Gams as they tied up the score scorers on this club which in two be “Activties of a Modem Chemical just before the end of the regula- eaidier in the season scored Waifaie Coips.” The Chemical tion time. No score was made in the points.
Warfare School at the University first overtime but the Phi Gams is for the instruction of fire wardens scored then all-impoitant markerin the Indiana defense area. in the second three minute period
JEANETTE MACDONALD DANCfS THE BGDGIE-WODGIE, WALTZ, SPANISH DANCE, HULA w FOX Trot in MGM'S "I MARRIED AN ANSEL"!
, VETERAN cf STAGE AND , SCREEN,- IS PROMJNENTLY FEATURED iN ItNIS MGM VERSION Ic^THE BROADWAV HIT!
AfOAZA MARIS ARGENTINE-BORN ACTRESS. SPEAKS FRENCH' ‘ '■ SPANISH ITALIAN W ENGLISH L
V ICTORY begins at home Conservation...a big word on the Home Front. Yon can conserve on clothes by using Crown Dry Cleaning Service Regularly CROWN LAUNDRY Fine Cleaners of Fine Clothes
All Wins By Forfeit
So far this season several games have been forfeited because one team has faijed to have a team on the field. A few games have been played by some teams with less than six men on a side. Delta Upsilon seems to be having more than their shaie of luck since all of their four wins have been due to forfeits. In the only game in which they have played they were defeated. The standings to date are:
W. L. Pet.
Phi Gamma Delta 6 0 l.OOfl Sigma Phi Epsilon 4 0 1.000 Phi Kappa Tau 3 0 1.000 Theta Chi 3 'O 1.000 Phi Delta Theta 3 0 1.000 Delta Upsilon 4 1 .800 Alpha Gamma Rho 4 1 .800 Kappa Sigma 3 1 .750 Acacia 2 1 .667
Pi Kappa Phi
2 1 .667
DR. PAUL A.1liSK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD j. RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 S<hultx Bldg. 4tli and Main Sts. Lafayalt*
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
»tiii»>*«#K.i<«t^4^fj»ti»iiliftj>»¥fUftirw>>»|WW>«tilrw»t^W*jWW!r»»f^^.TiWf
‘'■‘^ j a'^ ^ t-; ^ j ^ ‘a ^
Purdue Exponent /- A> 5t. ..1 ■<■.<■ '
?• >-
Sunday^ June 28, 1942^
kWa
SCOOTING TNT SHOPS
^ T H > with ludy lilGCttlioiigh
T ' i
! Ward Tells Ordnance Dr. H. O'Shea P Inspectors Of Jap Addresses ' ' Farsightedness HedSbmo^hers
INDfiPtlNDENCE DAY, BUT YES . . . and tliiee gloiious davs of that independence with no clahscst That’s definitly a call-ont for fun, so let's get going' Gel the gang togetlier and huiiy to M ■•.gggcab Sotuhiiorth's for lictter playtime eqtupmcnt -Jj~ Gantnei smooth fitting swim suits for hoth men and women spell success foi a day at home, why not buy a one oi tyo-piecc playsuit for solid comfoit—and a possible sun-hath’ Among the other aids to a jolly Fourth are such sporting goods as tennis rackets, beach halls, tennis balls, and golf balls (only a few of these—so get ’em while we got ’em). PREVIEW FOR THE MONTH OF JULY . . . The Book-of-the-Month Club presents Paul Revere and the World He Lived In by Esthci Foihes, a heanifully wiitten biography of Paul Revere which is also a brilliant history of that coiiiei of the Ameiican Revolution which took place in Boston Featmed with-' this selection is the Club book-di\idend foi Julv and August, the selected works of Stephen VlncenttiBcncG in two fine volumes of piosc and poetiy The Book-of-the-Month Club SeiMce is a presentation of the University Booh Store, conveniently located across fiom the Union Building on State Street Why not stop in the store and take advantage of this service—It’s a ivondeiful way to keep up on the latest hooks, as well ^S some that yon’ic always wanted to read but “neyer got aiound to”^. SWIM AND BE SLIM . . . in a Catalina or Jantzen bathing slut from Loeb’s /"second floor sun shop—three dollars and up Here you’ll find two-piece suits, those with Balerino skirts, one-piece suits with quarter skirts, and plarn fitted ones designed in (ottons, lastex, water yelva, and lastex sharkskin in all colors, plain or prints Outstanding among these suits is a trim two-piece Catalina featured in Vogue The natural-colored lastex background is coverejd with a clever cotton cable stitch, and as a novel added attraction, this suit can be matched with a slip-over sweater DON’T Go OFF THE DEEP END . . . without a popular Gaiitner swim suit from Dewenters Featuring tliiee fine fabrics, lastex, elastic varns, and Zelan water repellant finish, these suits are designed in two stjles, the lioxei tvpe and the plain trunks—with string belts, separate belts or those built in the suit Gantnei swim trunks colne m all colois and are priced from two dnd a half to four and a half dollars
Better Homes Group H, H And H
Plans Program For Coming Year
Geitiude B Shambaugh, Better Homes chairman for Tippecanoe county, announced that tentative plans foi the piogram of the coming year were made at a commit tee meeting last week The membeis have all agreed that it is de suable to coopeiate with all of the otbei organizations in the county who aie interested m promoting projects for home, community and county betteiment Special emphasis was placed on the impoitance of obtaining fac tual data concerning piescnt condi tions as a fust step towaid improving In iiig conditions both in the im mediate future and aitei the wai Lommell 'lo Speak On 3Ionday Next Monday afternoon at 1 30 the ^weekly senes of broadcasts sponvoied by the Indiana section of Bettei Homes in Ameiica will con tmue with an addiess by Piof G E Lommel of the School of Civil En gineering Piofessoi Lommel, head of the Indiana State Planning Boaid will discuss the subject, “Planning for Better Homes ’ The public educational piogi im planned Ijy the local unit of Bcttei Homes in Amciica will begin next Septembei with lecture and di cus Sion meetings to be held in vaiious neighborhood areas of the com munitj WRH Coeds To Play Sailors In Volleyball Tuesday night s mixed iccication at the T leldhouse will Jcituic two coed vollcybill teams iiom M Rll challenfring two teams of sailois The piogiam which staits at 7 p m , IS held uiidei the s]ionsoiship of the phj sieal fitness committee and the iiitiamuial dejiai tnieiit Ihe aetiMties aie open to all stu dents and many leei cation faeili ties have been piovided In the Fieldhouse, paddle tennis bad minton, daits and ping pong equip ment aie available and a leeciit ex tension of the piogiam has opened (loquet and volleyball eouits on the baseball held Equipment foi’»paiticipation in ill of the games may be signed out by foi the wonun arc piovukd in lln
(Continued from page 2) food and guns in order to fight Russians Still Hold The fate of the Caucasus becomes more grave each day as Axis forces inch forward against the stubborn resistance of Russian defenders at Sevastopol, around Kharkov, and all along the 2 000 mile German Ukraine front Marshal Fedor Von Bock’s forces are reported to have captured the important rail center of Izyum, 70 miles southeast of Kharkov from whence a railroad runs directly to the Sea of Azov
port of Taganrog
The Congress of the United States has been unusually liberal this week in passing an eight and one half billion dollar appropriation for new warships, many of which will be aircraft carriers, and a 42 billion appropriate for the army
Not to be daunted hy then short age of metals, the Japanese are making palts for their airplane motors out of wood, according to Dr Ernest M Ward, of the Cincinnati ordnance district Dr Wald spoke before oidnance inspectors enrolled 111 a special defense training class at the University Ftiday afternoon discussing the character of the Japanese people “We have an intelligent enemy,” Dr Ward said “The Japanese took two American made airplane motors and combined then best fea trues to build an engine for then Zero plane They have successfully used wood in making carburetor floats and several other parts for then motors ” War Planned In 1906 Since the Japanese do not recog ni/e patent rights they have copied the best machines of every country in the world Controlled by then industiial groups and the army and navy, Japanese leaders have been planning the present war since 1906 More complete plans were laid in 1927 The Japanese army manual con tains a war plan similar to Mem Kampf Sq far the Japanese have conquered terirtory according to plan The Japanese soldier can exist on very short ration Dr Ward stated that while in Japan he fed four servants on $5 a month He stressed the importance of the ordnance inspector’s job in making sure that ammunition and equip ment docs not fail thr American soldiei at a critical moment in the held Christian Foundation To Hold Tournaments Tournaments in hoiseshoe pitch ing and croquet are being planned by the Christian Foundation The official opening date has not been announced yet, but the Foundation urges all interested students to call Walt Thomas at 2116 and sign up at once The equipment at the couits is always available and anyone inter ested in getting some practice be fore the tournament begins is m vited to bung team mates and opponents to the couits at 131 South Grant at any time The tournament will consist of men’s and women s singles and doubles matches and also mixed matches
Tsycholdgy of handling out6utsts of bad temper was discussed Pri day by Di Haiiiet O’Shea of the University division of education and applied psychology before the House Directors Training School which IS winding up the second Week of a foui week training course at thb Universfty Dr O’Shea advised the house mothers to first calm the person and then handle the situation which caused the outburst Other speakers included Helen Schleman, director of the Women’s Residence Halls, who spoke on “De velopment of Social Competence, ’ and Helen Ripley, supervisor of foods and executive house keeper of the Halls, who offered timely suggestions on house maintenance Dorothy Stratton, dean of women, who returned recently from Colum bus, Ohio, gave a review of her ex peiiences while interviewing officer candidates for the Women’s Army
Auxiliary Corps
Gardner Speaks At Education Seminar On Women's Jobs Mary A Gardner, director of the Women and Children’s Bureau of the Indiana State Division of Labor, spoke before the seminar in Trade and Industrial Education yesterday on the subject, ‘liaining Women for Industi nl Jobs ’ “What Should Constitute the In dustiial Alts Program,’ was dis cussed by Piol Ammon Swope of the Trade and Industrial teacher
ti lining staff
The meeting was the fifth in a ‘'dies of SIX and was in session tor six houis The meetings arc attend ed by vocational educatois troni various cities in nothein Indiana Di C H Lawshe, rcting chairman of Tiade and Industiial Education, IS in charge of the senes Religious Council To Sponsor Outing Today the University Religious Council IS sponsoring a student out ing behind the Stadium at 6 30 p m The piogiam which has been planned by lepiesentativcs ot van ous student organizations Will in elude recreation and a brief sunset
u or ship service
All students are invited to attend
without charge
University Grads Participate In AlEE Activities At Chicago A number of UhivOlsily graduates participated duiing the past week in the activities of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers held at the Drake Hotel m Chicago Dr KailB McEachi on presented two papers—one, “The Co oidina tion of Various Groups oi Engineers in Massachusetts During the Prepa ration of a Licensing Law,” and the other, “Effect of Lightning on Thin Metal Surfaces ” Dr McEachron received the D Sc degieo, honorary, from the University at the 1941 commencement J A AdamSj BSEE 1921 iprc seiited a paper, ‘Practical Calcula tions of Circuit Transient Recovery Voltages” Adrms is an electrical engineer with the Philadelphia Electric Company, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania Formet Professor Presides Arthur Besscy Smith picsidf'd at the session loi Com nunication Engineers Smith was Professor of Electiical En.,ineiing in charge of communication work hero i number of years ago Professor T J Higgins Doctor of Engineering, 1941, and former member of the instructional staff of the School of Electiical Engineer in„, now assistant professor oi" Electiical Engiiieeiing at Tul me Univeisity, piesonted a highly sci entiftc paper on the subject “Eoim ulas ioi Calculating Short Ciicuit Stresses in Bus Suppoils for Roc tangular Tubular Conductors ”
-r
Army Needs Physics, EE
/
Students Students majoring in electronic physics who are taking electrical engineering or physics courses are needed by the Signal Corps of the United States Army and are eligible for enlistment in the Signal Corps Enlisted Reserves, it was announced by the University Military Depart ment today Students so enlisted will be deferred from active army duty until the date for completion of then academic courses However, should these students leave college, fail to graduate with then proper class, ot should it later be determined by the Secretary ot War that the ne cessity of war so demands, they may be called to active duty by the President Appointments Given On Graduation Upon satisfactory completion of their education and upon iccom mendation of the Chief Signal Officer these students will be tendered appointments in the Ailny and discharged from then enlisted status Students must be between the ages of 18 and 16 at the time of -.laduation and must be physically fit Applicants may obtain full de tails and application blanks at the second floor of the Armory Dr. T. K. Cowden of the faim management do par tment will bo in Evansville fues dry (o aildicss a meeting of the Southern Indiana Northein Ken tinky Fiimcis Coopci itivc on the subject of “The Coop of the rutine Di f owden was in South Bend 1 ist Fiiday attending a diicctois meet iiig of the Mid West Cicamcrics
Rescrviats All male students who hove nl>t vet comnletcd the two Vears baste miljtary Training required for graduation ana are notv nYembtrs of tli6 Nfevaj or Marine Corps Reserve reiiiort fo the Adjutitntfl office Purdue Armoiy for important infor-
mation relative to youi status
—RIORDAN
P J A Chorus There will be a meeting in the south lowei of the Union ot 7 30 Monday June 29 Anyone interested in smun;, .s .nv.lod to •'“‘■"XrNDRICKS S b X Dance Committee beads hfeet ini; Monday June 2) at 1 30 In the Ex-
pcncntoirue Important
S A E Mtcting Monday June 29 in
ro( m 108 of the M E building
Plying Club Ihcie will be a meeting lucsduy June 80 at 7 10 p m in room 304 of th( Union All membtr^ phase plan to be there —CROW Ceres Meeting Tuesday June 30 at 7 30 in room 303 in tht Union —BRADFIELD P O M M All members are urgetJ to attend th( mettiiiL on June 29 at 4 p m in the armor\ Captain Gilliland C W S will upeak on the activities of the Chemical Warfare Con s —ARKIN PIA Board Board nucting Monday June 2) at 1 p m All wild ehairmen should
make a spee al effort lo be there
—SLEtPER
Alpha Zeta Tmnrtant meftini- Monday Uine 23 in loom 30r of the Union at 8 p m
DIESSEJN
Classified Ads
Typewriters Aiding Marlines all malcea sol 1 lent 1 uia re 1 and i uicba od Mime (^rarhworkd ne ( J Ibcislulf GOf) Mam I if yettc 1 h ne « 9 Wanted to rent ( r om house all on onrf fi r )r with liviloiy in fii t floor Occu p u ey on ( r b f ire Aid ist If 11 ration near Ut ivei itv 1 1 f r I Comm inicate mime d it Iv with Ivai Niven 8U West Columbia Chami aign IIlii ois Money to loan mi diamonds watches guns
IVT cwiifer
407 Co iml la
Alb Its I oan Office
lost—A Datven ( inmandtr drawing set R wai I U m W 2111 H121 Naval Officers it IJniv i tv need fur ni h d bun s i ipaitrn iit until Septfem I r r I I}. r 1 1 as wi ite details Lt ( m li II M ir It W Cuy Hill
I ost— l u I ^ W
1 I
•Pin
It wn 1 Ml R II S
Waiifodov i 1th ' Abl > r
-Pi I( t k n I WRII S
VII s with safely I W Beardsley Rm
ille or V cinity expen es Mrs
WAA tenuis singles which began Tune 1 have been playoci off The winnei of the single is N incy Coop 01 who clctcatcd Maiy Foster 8 6 and 6 4 in the finals The beginneis touinamont will be posted in the Women’s G\m on the bulletin boaid Those who have en teied aio-asked to look at the bullc tin boaid in the Women’s Gym to 5Ge who they aie matched against and to play these matches off befoie July 8 Pafronize ExponentAdvertisers
Notices
Distinguished Students fho o st 1 nts ^ vl 111 I I 1 { 1 I 1 la t om t 1 may S ( ill f MI 1 1 I ir Is It th Cl hioi t\ ce S i til A hni 11 tnt n I iHi g S
-HOT I ENRI S
I ( s(—Y II \v c r 1 loy jacket in EE bldg Call lii II liy 10 1
I FRIENDLY SERVICE | S Bonded =
Gas and Oil S
T. & R. OIL CO., Inc. I
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. . HARDWARE —PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
Phone 2343
SCOBEE’S All Kinds of Photographic Supplies — Fresh Film and Film Pks - Try Out Quality Kodak Finishing — PROMPT SERVICE 105 Northwestern Ave.
Southworth’s
POLAROID GLASSES for the FOURTH Go equipped with convenient eye protection, and baskets that hold everything... picnic dishes and cutlery ... vacuum bottles ... etc. j Here’s the bathing suit you want““thc new Gantner Floating Bra, snug fitting lines .. . and a variety of styles and colors. Trim trunks for the men. See them at
CELifffTATE OCfR mPEPEA/pEffCE bj Fighting To Keep It! Buy War Bunds and Slamps for Victory