fl i‘ K A
i
Pk
,t/3t^'t‘'';^ ’ '^''' :"V‘ v t'”V‘\'.-'''' "'■ ^'.'' ' ''‘Z ■ ^ \ ^'''‘‘^ ' . ' Zu ' ' - '' ' . ; , ‘. ' ' . ^ 4 ’ « •' ' , . , , "i/iii'’,^ji
RIVETER NINE BEATS West6rn Illinois Team In Two Games’Here
EDITORIAL EXPLAINS Zl|, Draft Status of Fresh
Absent This Summer
Establithed 1889
Daily Since 1906
Vdlume 53, No. 166
West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, April 12, 15142
Hying Club To Sponsor Frosh Elect A1e#f At Airport Today King, Welty
Council Presents Convo Tonight
Symphonic Band Presents Concert
Three Main Events
Make Up Program
At Jeff High Today
Program Features
Emrick Composition
University Symphonic Band of 90 pieces under the direction of Professor Paul S. Emrick will appear in a special concert this afternoon at 2:30 in the Jefferson High School gymnasium. The program w^l be presented under the auspices of the public relations committee of the Greater Lafayette Chamber of Commerce and the Lafayette School Board. The program will consist of seven numbers, “Overture To the Marriage of Figaro” by Mozart; SaintSaens’ “Danse Macabre”; a medley of “War Songs of 1861” by Laurendeau; Von Suppe’s “Light Cavalry Overture”; Strauss’ “Voices of Spring” and the “1812 Overture” by *■ Tschaikowsky. Parkinson Will Speak Judge Lynn Parkinson will give an address during the intermission. Members of the Jefferson High School will serve as ushers. The Band will also present the premier performance of a patriotic composition written by Director Emrick. The new composition, which is as yet unnamed, is in anthem foiiti. The vocal part will be sung by baritone James R. Wood. The work is still in manuscript form, but will be published in the near future. Custom Revived This concert will mark a revival of the concerts which have been held in past years as a cooperative project for the band. Chamber of Commerce, and school for the entire community and surrounding area.
University Flying Club will ' sponsor an Air Meet today at the Airport. The meet, which is open to all those who have a student pilot rating or better will begin at 10:30 a. m. It will consist of three events: a precision cros-Country flight, a reay race, and an 180 degree spot landing contest. The spot landing contest will be judged under the regular spot landing requirements of the CAA. Each pilot will be given two chances to score. The relay race teams will consist of three pilots each, and the winning team will be decided on the basis of the best time for comple(See FLYING CLUB, Page 2)
Year,Spitler Voters Cast 850 Ballots For Senate Officers
Convocation Speakers...
Elliott To Talk
On Scrivener
Show Tomorrow
Judd Veai’, Rob King, Tom Spitler and Dick Welty yesterday were elected to the Student Senate by thg freshman engineers at the regular freshman lecture. The four will serve as representatives for the coming semester only, but are eligible for re-election at the beginning of the fall semester. Spitler and King are from Lafayette, Vear is from Wheaton, 111., and Dick Welty from Evanston,--!!!. 850 Ballots Cast This year was the first time that Senate elections have ever been held in engineering lecture. Approximately 850 ballots were cast. The candidates were introduced to the freshmen by Senate President, Joe Neff, befoie the election. Elections for the remainder of the elective positions will be held Wednesday, April 15. The polls will be located in the Union and will remain open from 8 to 5.
University Religious Group To Sponsor
SummerSchool
Program At 7:30
ToOfferNew
University Religious Council will present a special convocation tonight at 7:30 in the Music Hall. The theme of the program, Tnterfaith Brotherhood,’ will be discussed by the members of various denominations. Among those who will discuss the
Short Courses
University To Hold She
Eight-Week Classes
subject will be the Very Rev. Ed-
Rabbi Morton M. Berman
Dr. James M. Yard
Large Audience Hears Mixed Version Of 'Barber Of Seville'
In cooperation of the University policy of war economy the annual banquet honoring the winners of the writers’ contest, which is sponsqred each spring by the Scrivener Club, is to be replaced by a radio program over WBAA tomorrow from 6:30 to 6:55 p. m. In the past the winnex’s of the various contests have received cups, medals or cash, but this year they will be presented with Defense stamps instead.
Mathematics Staff
By Bob Boswinkle Before a packed Music Hall audience of about half students and half convocation ticket holders, the San Carlo Opera company last night for three hours and through three acts presented the comic Italian opera “The Barber of Seville.” Although originally planned to be pre-
Will Attend Meeting
In Chicago Friday
Stratton To Address AWS Counselors
Elliott Will Preside A short address will be given by President E. C. Elliott, who will also preside over the program. After the address. Professor Paul Fatout who is in charge of the contest, will award the prizes. The prizes were donated by the following: Geoi’ge Ade, $15 for the best poem; H. G. Reisner, $15 for the best short story; Dean H. E. Enders, $15 and $10 for the best scientific papers; F. C. Hockema, $15, and R. B. Stewart, $10, foi the best essays on Indiana history.
Fifteen staff members of the department of mathematics will leave for Chicago Fi’iday to attend the 388th meeting of the American Mathematical Society to be held at the University of Chicago next Friday and Saturday. Prof. W. L. Ayies, head of the University mathematics department is in chai’ge of the meeting. Professors H. F. S. Jonah, M. S. Webstei', H. K. Hughes, G. T. Miller and Dr. J. W. T. Youngs ai'e the faculty members who will attend the meeting.
sented in English, last night’s version was done in Italian with short phrases \)f English popping up occasionally to change the regular course of the opera and produce ripples of laughter among the crowd. Figaro Woos Rosina
U. S. Defense Stamp Drive Nets $6,381, Buying Continues
Wednesday At 4
“Prominent Freshmen Pi’oblems” will be the subject of Dean Stratton’s speech next Wednesday at the second in the series of three freshmen coed callout meetings beingheld by the Associated Women Students’ orientation committee. At the meeting, which will be held in the lai-ge lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall at 4 p. m-., coeds interested in acting as counseloi-s for the fall term will learn some of the problems that the freshmen coed faces on coming to the University and how they may help them in thi.s respect. Change In Rules Conlraxy to an announcement made last Sunday, coeds who did not attend the first meeting may become counselors by attending the next two meetings. Requirements for coed counselors as set down by AWS are as follows: have a 3.5 cumulative index; attend counseloi’s meetings; assume the responsibility of helping counselees adjust to the new life of college; and realize that soioi*ity rush has no place in the counseling program either in correspondence or in personal contacts. Speaker for the final meeting will be Mrs. Davis G. McCarn, counselor for women at Northwestern University. Her talk will be on the subject, “What Counselbis Can Do to Help New Students with Their Problems.”
Senior Awards The W. H. Winteriowd xiwai-ds of $100 and $35 will bo presented to the two seniors who have made the best collection of books during their years at the University. Four dictionaries publi.shed by the G. C. Merxiam Company will be presented to the freshmen who have developed the best vocabularies since entering the Univei-sity.
Friday Program The Fridlay morning session will be divided into two gioups: mathematical analysis, and geometry and the theory of numbers. In connection with the second group. Prof. Jonah will speak on “Congruencies Connected with the Solution of a Certain Diophantine Equation.” The national conference will be held next year at the Umvei-sity of Minnesota.
Figaro, the barbet- who was seeking the love of beautiful Rosina for Count Almaviva through a series of seienades and escapades, did much of the singing and stage play. Thx’oughout the first and second acts Figaro was constaiitly in fear of big, x-ed caped Don Bartolo who wanted Rosina for himself. Another character, Don Basilio overshadowed by an enormous hat played the pait of a music master and was engaged in aiding the gallant Bartolo.
Yesterday, Dick Dibos, chairman of the Student War Council announced $6,381.60 wox’th of Defense, Stamps had been sold on the campus during the drive sponsored by the War Council. $2,569 worth of Defense Stamps were sold in the Union and in the Bookstores. The number of pledges turned in to date amounts to $192.90.
Soldier Pursues Nurse Bex’tha, Rosina’s nurse furnished some entertainment when she was chased on stage by a drunken soldier. Rosina and Count Almaviva led the troup in some alias which ai oused applause from the audience.
The various organizations on the campus that have purchased the remaining amount of Defense Stamps sold as follows: Caxy Hall, $1,000; Flying Club, $75; Phi Lambda Upsilon, $74; Playshop, $1,200; Poul-ti-y Club, $400; Tau Beta Pi, $370; WRH, $226; YMCA, $275.
ward V. Cardinal, C.S.V., Ph. D., professor of history at Loyola University, Chicago; Rev. James M. Yard, midwest secretary of the National Conference of Christians and Jews; and Rabbi Morton M. Berman, of the Isaiah-Israel Temple, Chicago. Title of their subject will be “Brotherhood—Fact or Fiction.” Williams Will Preside Presiding at the meeting will be Anna Katherine Williams, president of the Religious Council. Oth,ers paid;icipating in th^ progx-am ax-e Rev. Eugene R. Balsley, student pastor of Wesley Foundation; Rev. Joseph Baird Gleason, student pastor of the Roger Williams Club; Rabbi M. H. Simon, director of Hillel Counselorship; and Rev. Edward V. Holland, student pastor for Catholic students. The purpose of the convo is to show need and significance of unity at times of strife such as the present. It is part of a campaign conducted by the National Conference of Christians and Jews. Choir Will Sing Albert P. Stewax’t will direct the University Choir in the presentation of three anthems, each chosen to represent a diffex’ent religious group. The choir will sing the “Adoremus Te,” “Palestrina,” “O Beautiful Savior,” arranged by Christiansen and “Hallelujah,” by Lewandowski. The px’ogram is open to the general public.
For students who are behind in their work and also find it necessary that they work during the summer months, the University is offering a special eight-weeks course beginning May 4 and ending June 27. At ing the science of collodial chemischemistx’y 1, engineering drawing 12, English 31, and applied mechanics 21 will be offered.
Tuition for this eight week period will be $31, not including any regular laboratory fees. Any individual may carry a maximum of ten hours of work. Further iixformation about this new schedule may be obtained from Assistant Dean W. A. Knapp; Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the summer session or C. E. Dammon, director of admissions. '
Course for Jane High School Grads In addition to this course, the University is planning to inaugurate a course for high school students graduating too late for the sxnnmer session which starts May 4. Provided there are enough students interested, the term will start freshman mathematics, English, June 22 and will offer couxrses in chemistry, engineering drawing, and shop. These courses will be concentrated so that nine semester hours credit may be obtained by the end of the session.
AWS Representatives
Hear J. Briker Speak
Dr. Harding Attends Power Cohference
At Ohio State Meefing
Agriculture Honorary To Sponsor Speech Contest Next Week
PIA To Install Officers
Dr. Holmes Speaks To 150 Members
Although the dxive closed officially last night, student speakers will continue their visits to various organizations on the campus, seeking pledges for continued buying of stamps.
Dr. C. F. Harding, head of the School of Eleetx’ical Engineering, is on an extended trip this week. On Wednesday and Thursday, Dr. Hai’ding attended the Midwest Power Conference in Chicago and now is in Toledo, Ohio, inspecting the facilities of the Univei’sity of Toledo for the Engineering Committee for Professional Development.
At Banquet Tomorrow
Of Chem Society Far Eastern Reporter .
Alpha Zeta, agriculture honorax-y, will sponsor a speech contest in cooperation with the forensic biiard— with the preliminary round being beld Tuesday afternoon at 4 in room 263 of the Union. Any undergraduate student in agriculture or forestry is eligible to compete in the contest provided his entry is made to the president of Alpha Zeta, Robeit Swain, at 330 N. Grant befoj’c 4 tomoxiow afternoon.
Co-op Houses Hold
Open House Today
All of the cooperative houses west of Gx'ant stx’cet will hold their annual open house today from 3-5 p. m. The following houses will be open to the public: Chauncey, 216 Chauncey Ave., Glenwood, 156 N. Grant; Mai'wood, 317 Vine; Westminster, 317 N. Grant; Salisbury, 414 N. Salisbury; Novadcl, 117 State; Ann Tweedale, 123 State; Wesley Boys, 436 State and Dover, 41 N. Salisbury. ! The remaining seven cooperative houses held their open house Mar^h 29.
The final lound of the contest will be held on Tuesday evening at 7:30 in room 363 of the Union. Topics used must relate to some current phase of agricultuie. There will be three judges at the contest; one from the agx'icultural school, one from the speech department, and another person interested in agriculture. The winneis of the fiist thiee places will be awaided medals, with the organization lepresented by the winner receiving a trophy which will be in its possession for one
Purdue Independent Association will hold its annual installation banquet tomorrow evening at 6. The dinner will be served in the Faculty Lounge, and a program will follow, accoiding to vice pxesidenl elect Norman Aiigsbuiger. Officers to bo installed are as follows: Dick Sleeper, president; Augsburger; Maxine Abshier, coed executive; Jim Ejray, treasurer; and Margaret Young, secx’etaiy. Keys will be awarded to workeis on PIA and the Independenti' Several PIA members ai e in Champaign this week-end for the nation-wide meeting of independent students.
In an address before approximately 150 members of the University section of the American Chemical Society yesterday. Dr. H. Holmes, national president of the AChS, descxibed the ti iais and tribulations in the discovex'y and isolation of chemicals vital to the modern medicine practice. Holmes started his woik in unitthis time courses in mathematics 2, try with that of medicine in the early 1920’s, and announced the confirmation of the isolation of vitamin A on Novombei 23, 193().
Major Gordon Enders Reviews Trip Through Far East In Letter To Elliott
“Associated Women Students in Woxld Activities” was the general theme of the three day AWS regional conference held last week at Ohio State University. Agnes McCullough, former president; Mary Ellen Scairff, former vice-president* and Flox-ence Croll, Jane Van Gorkam, and Jane McCouch, present officers of the University’s AWS ganization, attended the conference. The opening session Wednesday morning- was held in the form of a mass meeting. Topics discussed included “AWS in Defense Work” and “How Can We Better Prepare the' College Women to Meet the Emergency After Gi-aduation?” Dr. Howard L. Bevis, president of Ohio State University, spoke at the lunch-
Dr. G. H. Cutler
Aero-Modelers Hold
... of the agxonomy depaitment, will delivex an address before the Operative Millers’ Association today in Indixinapolis. The subject of his address will be “New developments in wheat breeding.”
Model Contest Today
yeax-.
Marvtood House
. . . student Cooperative Association, announces the election of the following officers: Stanley Watts, president; Newton Hatfield, vice president; Howard Quakenbush, house manager; Walter Frantz, treasux-er; James Lucas, purchasing agent; John Peters, work manager; Robex't Johns, social and educational chairman and Ri|Chard Davis, secretary.
Indoor modql airplane contest foi junioi and senior high school students will be held in the fieldhouse today. R. L. Sloane, of the School of Civil Engineering, and Aero-model-ers Club will serve as contest directois. Events for all hand-launched, rubber-powered, balsa and stick models will be held. Models will be judged on the basis of duiation time in the air and the longest single flight of each class in each division of each event will be the winningflyer. Official flights must remain in the air without aid from the contestant for ten seconds. Ribbons and mei its will be awarded to the first five places in each contest.
Winner
Still Champ!
Sigma Nu freshmen were again triumphant in the eleventh annual pajama race with the Theta Xis yesterday afternoon, outrunning the Theta Xi rhinies, 39 to 16. Changing their plan of attack somewhat, the Thetas’ new barrage of water from hoses did not prove as effective as the old bucket brigade system, but made the ground a veritable lake of mud tilted at a fortyfive degree angle. Jack Adee paced the winners who keep a battered cup until next year’s race is run.
Major Gordon Enders, foxmer histoiical lecturer at the University, who was called to active duty last autumn and assigned as military attache to the U. S. diplomatic sex--vice in Afghanistan, had a preview of the wax- in the fax east as he travel sed the war area just before the outbreak of hostilities, according to a letter received by Piesident E. C. Elliott. The message was wiitten January 23, and ax-rived April 11. Major Enders spent many years in the far east as adviser to the ruler of Tibet after having been in the ail sex vice during the last world war. Following his visits to the faxeast he devoted his time to writing and lecturing in Amex-ica and spent two semesters as special lecturer on the University staff. Mi-s. Enders retuined to West Lafayette last autumn and is residing here while her husband is on duty abroad. The letter from Kabul, Afghanistan was as follows: “There is probably little of real importance which a resident of Afghanistan can add to the tremendous things you in Amei-iea are doing. This mountain kingdom, like its European counter-part Switzerland, maintains a detached and neutral outlook so far as that is possible. But everything which Amex-ica accomplishes, everything which Great Biilain, Russia and China achieve, in fact, anything that any nation does echoes through these (now snow-covered) mountains.
“In a seiise my trip out here was like a dress rehearsal of the dx-ama which was soon to begin. In Honolulu I flew with the men who later took the brunt of the Pearl Harbor attack, and I wish I knew how they fared. I saw Midway, Wake, Guam and Manila—and talked to those who since have tasted the taste of the first treacherous Japanese assaults. At Singapox-e there were thi ee days, at Penang a day and a night, and at Rangoon a night. At Delhi I spent nine days, talking with Geneial Wavell in his office and across his dinner table. I x-eached Kabul just twelve hours before the word of Japan’s deeds and declarations arrived in Afghanistan. Reading back through my diary I see what a sharp preview my trip afforded. “In Singapore I dined with Major Tourmey, (Ed. Note: Majox Toixrmey was formex-ly on duty as a member of the military department. staff here.), and we talked much of Purdue. Many of the impressions and details of the trip have been sent on to Mxs. Endeis whom you probably see occasionally. She will be glad to pass them
Governor’s Wife Speaks On Thursday the confex-enefi was continued with “Associated Women Students on the Campus” as the main theme. ^ Mrs. John W. Bricker, wife of tha Governor of Ohio, gave an address at the meeting. The 150 girls attending represent* ed over 60 universities and colleges.
Sports Women To Initiate
Pledges, Install Officers
Sportswomen, honorary organiza* I tion of the Womens’ Athletic Asso* ciation, will hold initiatiqn and ip.* stallation of officers at the WAA cabin this afternoon. All pledges will go to the cabin'at 2:30* and* following pledge duties, they will be initiated. The actives will report at the cabin at 4:00 for installation o? officers. ,
Following the ceremonies a supper will be served and plans for tbft Penny Carnival will be discussed. The Penny Carnival will be beld next Saturday from 7 to It p. n*. Part of the proceeds will go for WaiT Relief.
Edward Elliott
“With kindest personal regards to Mrs. Elhott and yoursejf, and with warm remembrances to all my Purdue friends, “Sincerely, “Gordon Enders.”
. . . ME ’36, son of President C. Elliott, has been proxnotpd to tb^O rank of captain in the Army Aif Corps. He is stationed in Washittf^ ton, D. C., in the Materials ^viiion. While at the University, ElbPtt was a varsity basketball stax.
\ .
I
> “J
'A.f I
w*' . r
iMiithiiffiiiifililiiif ;
Exponent Editorial Arid E^ature Edge
Su^day^ April 10^
ii'flt.'f
Purdue Exponent
AH* American 1940-'41
-Offices: Ediretiel and Business, Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhousc, Phone 27^2 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
GdUor-in-Chief John F. Amoo Neorn editor Don T. Brophy ManaRintr Editor John H. Armstronc Businoss Manncrcr . ;.. William D. Millard Qirculation Manacer ... Kon K. Gjemre CaM Editor . . Alice Challlelil
Publication Staff
A^iociato Ediltirs Editorial Stiff: n. W. Bo^vvinkU', D. E. liiiiz, W. fi. Hoskins, A. P. Hunter, k). W. Ochiltree, W. E. Rnl'ert. Sports Staff: D. E. Hrewer, .1. S. Dawson. E. L. Karpick, R, W. Krieger. Coed Staff: Sally Benlt, Charlntto H.nsB, .T<snn I.nner, Doris PickerinR.
Business Staff
Coed Bn.siness Manager: Julia Marlin. Adrertising Managers: J. M.Wright. D. D. Johnson. Circulation Manager; G. H. Klouman. Acconats Manager: Trena Torre/iga. Junior Coed .Managers;. Ellen Clark, Jane Keim.
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Bafert Day Editor: Beall Inane Editor: Vegh Sports Editor: Kricger
Reporters: Marion, Frohman, Freyman, Blaekhurn.
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congre.ss of March .J, 1879, and at Ae special rate of postage provided for in section 1103. act of October 3, 1917, authorbeed January 20, 1922. PuhHshetl daily etre^t Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the summer Session.. Delivered locally Ity earner for $3.50 per year, mail subscriptions, $4.00.
Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Freshmen And the Draft
A bulletin from the office of Selective Service’s General Hershey last March 16 gave a new conception of the draft classification of “necessary men” who can expect deferment because they are essential to some war industrj’. The new classification was expanded to include also those men in training for essential jobs—that is, college students who are taking engineering, physics, chemistry or some other course which will help take care of the over-whelming lack of trained-men in war industries, Men who have successfully completed two years of such training have been receiving, and may presumably expect to continue to receive deferment until their college courses have been completed. The colleges of the United States graduate between ten and fifteen thousand engineers each year, and authorities have estimated, that one out of fifteen of the 15,000,000 men to be employed by war industries before the end of next year will have to be engineers or men trained in the technical sciences. In order to help compensate for the immediate need for the large number of technically trained men the University has instituted a year-round schedule, expecting that the patriotism and self-forgetfulness of students would carry them through the grind of four year’s study concentrated in two and twothirds years.' This plan offers students the privilege of completing a college education in a time when industry and the armed forces are both crying for man-power. But many a freshman has asked himself, “Why should I go to school this summer? I can get a good job—I can see the girl at home. Besides, they can’t draft me anyway—I won’t be twenty until I get back to school, and then the dtaft board will defer men until I graduate.” -No amount of cajolery or vitriolic comment on patriotism or duty to country would be likely to dent this hard protective shell of logic, but something in the nature of a threat from the dealer of destiny, the draft boai’d, might set a few of the vacation-bound freshmen to thinking. , Charles E. McCabe, government appeal agent, local board No. 2, met with University fraternity advisors last Wedne.sday, at which time the exodus of under-age students for the summer term was discus.sed. During that meeting McCabe said, “If a freshman does not stay in school for the full twelve-month term, the draft boards may assume that he is not serious in his desire to help his country, and will probably not grant him deferment at such time as he is subject to the draft.” Men fighting in Europe and in the south seas won’t stop for the summer months be-cause-it’s too hot, or because.the year-round grind is pretty tough, or because they are too young to have been drafted in the first place. Nor will the draft boards hesitate very longon the deferment of those individuals who slop studying and relax in the heat of battle because they are too younj^. w.g.h.
(Continued from page 1)
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
Nazis Use Swedes To Keep Chile, Argientina in Line; 'Grass Roofs' Fight For NYA
Tiibiite to a .Nation “isn’t it wondei-fu] to live .in a country wliich can .spend 56 billions in one year for decency, honor, and fieedom and not have to .send out the troops or goiftapo to soueeze it out of the people.”—Rossville Press.
li-OME 'j’OW.N TiiOUCllT , “When we make a better town we all profit—in Ijt’tLer chances to earn a living-, in better opportunities for Our children and in advantages that increase oi;r power.s of achievement.”—Windsor Gazette.
WASHINGTON, April 11.—Diplomatic dispatches from South America are convincing- Washington officials that “neutral” Swedes are acting as tools of the German government. From the U. S. Embassy in Uruguay came a report that the Nazis are putting pressure on South America, through Swedish eftporters. These exporters ai-e telling their agents in Uruguay that all shipments from S-weden to Sofith America ha-ve been prohibited by Berlin, e.xcept to Chile and Argentina. These are the only two Latin American Countries which have not broken relations with the Axis. Using Swedish trade as a tool, Geimiany is trying to keep these countries in line and at the same time punish those that have broken relations. Note: Sweden is buying larger quantities of Brazilian cotton than ever before. Normally Sweden takes almost no Brazilian cottbn. Officials suspect that the ultimate destination of the cotton is Germany.
Uhiver.sity Presbyterian Church North Street at Grant Street John W. Findley, pastor' and director of tho Westminster Foundation. Joanne Lloyd, organist. Jim Chase, choir director. , i 9:30 a. m.—The student class will continue its study of the Bible under the leadership of Di-. Graves. The study will be followed by an open
discussion.
10:30 a. m.—^The worship service will start at this time, Mr. Findley’s sermon theme will be “Let Us Fol-
low Him,”
5:00 p. m.—Monthly meeting of the chngregation in the Assembly
Room of the chiirch.
5:45 p. m.--^Folldwing the congregational meeting, thh Sunday Evening Club will mee^Ffor supper
tion of the proscribed dour.se. Fly Against Time In the precision cross country flight competition, each pilot will chart a flight and calculate the time required to make the trip. Then, without a watch, the pilot will make the flight. The vvinner 'will be the pilot whose flight time i's -the closest to the calculated time. An entry fee of ten cents for each evehit entered Will' be charged. Airplanes will be furnished -by Captain L. I. Aretz at the standard charge. Wilsonite Pilots’ Sun Glasses are the prizes to be awarded.
3 Ariii From English Dept.
ROrCCorpsToHo/cf Graduati^Reyi^^ I NathnallrispdctiQn
J. Fouls Will Conduct
the' Recreation Room. After supper. Professor E. L. Kelly of the Education Dept, will address the group.
Wesley Service Today
• Spring Af The White House Outside the White House fence march Soldiers with fixed bayonets. But inside the tall, ii’on fence, defying the changes brought by war, is the perennial transfiguration of spring. The grass is a soft green, and. the beds of pansies and jonquils have burst into bloom in colorful brilliance. The flowering shrubs and trees were never lovelier—the magnolias, japonica, and I'orsythia. A week before Easter, Washington suffered a record-breaking snowstorm. But by Easter Sunday, with temperatures up in the 80’s, the change was complete. White House shrubbery and trees escaped devastation of broken branches that occurred elsewhere in the city, and even before the snow had melted, buds burst into bloom. On the Pennsylvania Avenue side, the magnolias are making a gorgeous showing, supported by the forsythia and japonica bushes, all at their best. The same three faithfuls are on display near the fountain in the South garden. These are the two best show places, in the White House grounds. There is a touch of irony in the fact that some of the best color is Nipponese in origin—the Japanese magnolias, and the japonicas, which are otherwise known as Japanese quince.
West Lafayette Baptist Church Rev. Joseph Baird' Gleason, Minister. 9:30 a. m.—Roger Williams Club Class. Rev. J. B. Gleason, teacher. Subject: Review of the New Testament. 10:45 a. m.—Church Worship Sei-vice. Communion Service, reception of new membet-s, and Memorial Service. The choir will sing “Light of the World, We Hail Thee” by Watson. Helen Rugh Cox will sing “There Is No Death” by O’Hara. Rev. J. B. Gleason will speak on the subject, “Spiritual Stars.” 5:30 p. m.—Roger Williams Club Fellowship Hour. 6:00 p. m.—Supper. 6:30 p. m.—Discussion Group 7:30 p. m.—Intorfaith Conyocatiou at PJusic Hall.. -
John Fonts, ’40, will return to the University tonight to conduct the We.sley 'Vesper program at the First Methodist Church. Mr. Fonts is now pastor of the Methodist Church at Reynolds and was a member of the Wesley Foundation while at the University. The Reverend Mr. Fout.s has planned the program around musical themes and ideas. He has written all of the music for the sei’vice himself and will be assisted by several musicians from the University. The service will begin with a fellowship and fun fest at 5:45 p. m. and at 6:30 Fonts will take complete charge of the service.
“College English,” a national magazine for teachers of English, features in its April issue the work .of two present and one late member of the University depai'tment of English. . - - ' Prof. Sutcliffe is the author of an article “Re-creative Criticism,” -which discusses the qualities necessary for a good critic and the characteristics of good criticism. The “Ne-ws and Notes” section presents a one-page summary of an article by Herbert J. Muller which appeared in the winter number of the “Yale Review,” on “Scientist and the Man of Letters.” The late Howard M. Baldwin, adviser for foreign students, who died last September, contributed, as one of his last writings, “Theme Subjects for Defense.” It was a discussion and listing of seven groups of theme topics on which students can be encouraged to express their opinions about the national emergency. ■
Combined annua'l Corps Area Inspection of the University ROTC unit and “Graduation Reviews” take place this week. The Inspection will be on Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday. Graduation^ RevieWs will be held at tlife Tuesciay and Thursday Corps Days. 'The purpose of the annual inspection is to choose the ROTC units in the Fifth Coi-ps Area which are to be Tated as “Excellent.” The University has won this diktinction ever^ year but one since thC'Wol’hl Wai’. The inspecting officers will be Colonel John R. Starkey, Lieutenant Colonel William Cureton, ahd Lieutenant Colonel William B. Weston.
Foundation To Attend
"PDI" Meeting Today
• McKellar Boomerang Biggest laugh Capitol Hill has had in weeks wa.s over the mauling- Senator McKellar of Tennessee got fi-om the “grass roots” dele.gation of college prof’e.ssor.s and busine.ss men who appealed before the Senate Labor committee in opposition to his hill to scuttle the National Youth Administration. The witnesses, all with first-hand c.xpcfiencewith NYA, kept spectators in stitches and McKellar in flustered rage as they battered his measure all over the place. One of them, Clifton W. Brannon, Toccoa, G., war plant official, provoked gales of laughter when he bluntly told McKellar: “I’d like to make a few speeches to your Tennessee constituents about the benefits of NYA, Senator. I’m 100 per cent behind the program and you would be, too, if you could see how it has rai.sed living standards in my part of the country and helped the sons and daughters of the un-der-privileged to earn a living. Yes, I would like to tell the people of Tennes.see about that.” Before McKellar had a chance to recover from this spanking, he ran into another from James H. Richmond, president of the Murray State Teachers College in Kentucky. Richmond told how the NYA was contributing to the war effort by training the children of poor people for jobs in war plants; also how, under the college-aid program, higher education was made available to thousands of others. NYA projects are all important in states like Kentucky, with few war industries, Richmond said, adding to McKellar: “You have plenty of war industi-ies in your state.” McKellar, apparently coiisidci od this remark an inference that he was unconcerned about condition.s in other states beside Tennes.see. Sputtering, he shouted, “Your insinuations are ab.solutely false.” “I resent a statement like that,” hit back Richmond, to which McKellar i-eplied hotly, “You can resent it if you plea.se.;’
Purdue Christian Foundation At Lafayette Christian Church. Sixth and Noi-th St. 9:15 a. m.—^^Cutch ride from 131 S, Grant. . , 9:30 a. m.—Student Cla.ss. Prof.. Frank King will speak on the subject of, “Service in th'c Churcli.” 10:30 a. in.—Those attending the P. D. I. Conference at Indiana University will leave promptly at. this time, from the Church Bldg. 10:40 a. m.—Church Worship Service. The Rev. Doyle Mullen will preach the sermon entitled, “The Return To Normalcy.” 7:00 p. m.—Assemble at 131 S.' Grant to go in body to the special “Brotherhood Con.vo.”
10:40 a. m.-—The Rev, E. R. Balsley, minister to students, will speak at this service on the theme, “Living In An Ago of Drift.” The newly elected Wesley Foundation cabinet will be installed at this service and the Seniors will be recognized. 5:45 p. m.—A former .student, the Rev. John Fonts will conduct the Wesley Vesped services. All the special music has been written by Rev. Fonts. He will be assi.sted by members of the Concert Choir, 7:30 p. m.—Inter-Faith Religious Convo. in Music Hall.
The University Christian Foundation will ilarticipato in the annual “P. D. I.” Conference at Indiana University. The conference will last
from 1 to 5 this afternoon.
The. place of -meeting rotates
among-this University, DePauw and [^0^ Gole
Indiana, with all three taking part in the leadership of the conference. The theme for the discussion for this year’s meeting is “The World We Want To Live In.” ' ■ Anyone who desires to attend and has not yet registered should do so
at once by calling 430.3.
Last Appearance of Seniors The' Graduation Reviews mark
the last appearance of the senior Cadet officers and senior Band officers. The seniors will form their batteries in the Armory in the regular fashion, and will be formed in line of massed batteries and presented to the reviewing officer by the Brigade Commander. Immediately after this, all senior Cadet officers will relinquish their commands to the junior Cadet officerSj and report to the reviewing stand.
The Thursday Graduation Review
will be inspocted by the visiting officers. The public is invited to at-
tend both of these reviews.
. . . of the Student Health Service, was defeated in the 40 and 60 yard events iti a swimming meet with Ruth Wilson, of the Kappa Alpha Thetas, in the Women’s Gym. Doc Cole won the twenty yard event.
;; Dine Tonight ^ NU CHINA GRILL
CHOW MEIN — CHOP SUEY 409 Columbia St.
Wesley Foundation at the First . Methodist Church 9:30 a; m.—^^Three Student Classes 1. The Life of Christ, taught by Doan M. L. Fisher. 2. Understanding Ourselves, taught by Mr. J..C. Franklin. 3. The Meaning of Prayer, taught by Rev. E. R. Balsley.
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. DR. HAROLD |. RISK — DeNTI$TS —
400-404 Schullx Bldg. 4th and Main St. Lafayette
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
University Book Store
AcroHs Fruin lliiimi •‘licil*' Snimii.iMii ’29 “Dd.” ’4('
• An Australian Visitor One of the first/things Australian External Minister Herbei-t V. Eyatt did aftei- arriving in Wa.shington was to call on Representative Edwai-d Hebert of Louisiana. He presented a letter of introduction from Capt. Ray Hufft, a constituent of Hebert’s with Gen. MacAi-thur in Australia. “A man of your standing doesn’t need a letter of introduction anywhere,” grinned Hebert. “It isn’t often I am honored by such an important vi.sitor. You really shouldn’t have gone to all (he trouble of coining- up here. 1 know you’re extremely busy.” “Oil, I wanted very ntiich to meet you,” said Evatt. “I promised Gapt. Hufft (hat I would arid I'd never break a promise to one of MacArthur’s gallant men. Incidentally, Capt. Hufl't is a very fine young man. We are very fond of him.” “So am 1,” responded Hebert. “I was a newspaper mair before coming to Congress and Ray Hufft gave me the biggest scoop of my life.” Hebert then i-elated how, on June 9, 1939, while city editoi- of the Now Orleans States, he received a telephone tip fi-ovn Hufft, manager of a local radio station, that a li utrkload of expensive picture frames and othei- furnishings was leaving Louisiana State University for the home of an appointee of foi-mei-Goveinoi- Dick Leche. Hebert i-ushed out ropoi-ters and a photographci-. It was the first story that “broke” the Louisiana graft scandals. Documented exposes by Hebert and the Merry-Go-Round column that followed cracked the Huey Long machine wide open and led to the convictions of Leche and other pi-omincnt officials on graft charges.
hum
- NOW PLAYING-
of the
year you
must not miss! it took $2,000,000 and two years to bring ail its thrills to the screen!
— Feature Sfarts at — 1:57-4:29- 7:01 - 9:33
ARC
— TODAY - MONDAY —
LOUIS vs. SIMON
See Private Louis in his greatest fight. Time of fight: 1:25; 4:17; 7:09; 10:01. Plus our regular show.
A New High For Hilarity!
A Columbia Pfclute
BE SMART
IT’S SAFE— IT’S DEPEND ABLE— IT’S ECONOMICAL-
mm[ TRiSIT CO., Inc.
NOW SHOWING
Double Super Shock Show that vrill scare the .. .Yell....Out of You!
Master of a 1000 Horrors Pits His Terror ag.iinst Japan's Treacherous Agents in the U. S. A. BELA LUGOSI
BLACK DRAGONS
They're Recommended by the Horror Club
PLUS
STRANGE
SINISTER SHOCKING!
A Modern Jekyll and Hyde!
MAN WITH TWO LIVES with EDWARD NORRIS MARLO DWYER
TODAY - MON.
LyUA
2 HITS
THE SCREEN'S BIGGEST RED, RAW DRAMA OF A MUSICAL FUN SHOW! SAVAGE REVENGE!
Gay, Delicious, Sparkling Comedy TWO CHARMING PEOPLE — THEY MARRY IN HASTE — AND LOVE AT LEISURE—ON OTHER PEOPLE'S MONEY!
SHEARER
GAIL PATRICK • LEE BOWMAN MARJORIE MAIN • REGINALD OWEN r' W ALAN MOWBRAY FLORENCE I
PLUS
CARTOON SPORT REEL WORLD NEWS IN PICTURES
UIMVKTU Starts TODAY'' ♦
Aa?
¥?'
5 i
‘^Tr
*Sf^w5%,x ^ ¥^,
Baseball Team Spartan Trackmen Njp Boilermakers, Win Jug' EAST LANSING, Michigan, April 11 —(Special to the Purdue Exponent) — Michigan State gained possession of the “Little Brown Jug” today when the Spartan track team scored a 67 2-8 to 54 1-3 victory over the Boilermakers in an outdoor meet here which was marred by snow and cold winds The Rivetei s took only four of the
Purdue Exponent SPORTS^
Sunday, April i 2, 1942
Page 3
IM Schedules
Mackey, Burnham Speak At Banquet
twelve fiiSt places on the Spaitan tiack Captain Buit Anthony and A1 Jentsch weie the big guns in the Boileimakei attack, Anthony win ning the 440 yaid dash and then
teaming up with Banckei, Ainold, G^^d) Mackey, University and Aflrcher to win the mile lelay, athletic directoi, and Elmer Bum and Jentsch winning both the 880 ham, varsity football coach will y^d-iun and the mile event ^ honoring St Spartan Stars Maiy’s high school athletes in Mich
McCaithy, Davis and Diynan igan City today Tomoirow they will
were veiy potent factois in the go to Rensselaer to speak befoi e an
Spaitan tiiumph McCaithj. came othei high school banquet home in fiont in both the 100 yaid .
and 220 yaid dash and his team McCullough Cub catch
mate D^vis following him acmss ^
the finish line both times Davis
came back latei to cop fiist place ^hey asked him to pose for a snap in the bioad jump event with a leap .^ot m Calitoinia and when he in which covered 22 teet 2 1-2 inches ^^y they wanted his picture Diynan thiew the shot put 42 feet t^em said “You aie Novi 8 3-8 inches to win fiist place ind ^ , Clyde had a smile then hulled the discus 137 feet 11 „„ j,,, swooned
1 2 inches to walk off with top hon
01 s once again
Summary
100 YARD DASH—Won 1 > McCarthy (MS) Davm (MS) c id K m (P) th)rd Time 0 10 G 220 YARD DASH Won ) y McCart) y (MS) Davia (MS) pcond Bane! ti (P) third rime 0 23 2 410 YARD DASH—Won by Anthony (P) Kaulit? (MS) second Archer (P) t)i rd Time 0 ri . 880 YARD DASH—Won by 7ei tsch (P) Kemp (P) secon 1 Maio/ila (1) th rd Time 2 0 31 MILE—Won ly Jentsch (P) Scott (MS) Bpcpn i K mp (P) th rl lime 4 2b TWO MILE—Won Ijv McLai ghlin (P) Dueshr (I) second Horski (MS) third Time 10 or r ONE MIIE REIAY—Won ly Baneleor Arnold Alder Ai thony (P) Time i J2 HICH JUMP—Won by Milne (MS) rraig (MS) second Smith (MS), and Me, rachern (P) tie! t r thud He ent G f) r 1 i 8 indiea POrr VAUIT—Won by Hnn (MS)
Spsiakim^ Sjfwnibu
The foliowiitfir teams will ploy baBehnil Monday eveniuer at 4 15 Diamond X Ttmnele vs Theta Tau 2 Alpha Kappa Lambda vs Ph Kapp i Pei d Delta Chi vs Phi Delta Iheta 4 Delta Upsilon vt, Sie:ma Pi . r Tau Epsilon Phi vs Alpha Chi Rho ^ ( Phi Kappa SiKma vs Beta Sipma Psi Kqppq Delta Rho vs Theta Chi 8 Alpha Tau Omc^a vh Delta Tau Delta ) Alpha Tau Omej,a vs Delta lai Delt i 9 Phi Gamma Delta vs Siprma Chi 10 Alpha Gamma Rho vs Alpha S jym i Phi
Purdue University Staff Bowling Leagub March 30 - April 3, 1942
Hi8:h Team Sets
Elmei Layden conducted the le cent meeting of the National Pio fessional Football League without a gavel which may oi may not ac count foi the fact that it was the most smoothly handled convention which the pi os have eve he’ 1
Woncl (MS) secon] 1 Iwai 1 P)
H jjht I*’ loot 10 inches
SHOT 1 UT Won by Diynan (Md i re chti (MS) second C ilho n (Pj thud Distance 12 feet 8 1 8 inch s Di cus Wot by Drynur (MS) (TV^Sl s id B lei (MS) thirl Di f ncc
127 feet 11 1 2 n t he^^
BROAD TUMP—Won ly Davi (MS) Do k c P) s cond Smitl (MS) third Dis
tai ce ^2 ! < t 2 1^ ncl es
EDGERTON HDWE.,INC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliv'"
Agr Fxp Station
261
Agr Chem 3
2 89
Agr Extension
2678
Art Chem 2
2739
High
Ind
Sets
Lee 0 C
65
Beers
46
Searcy
516
Messeng i
517
High Team
Games
Ali j xtension
)46
Agr Dxp Station
933
Agr Chem 3
928
AuJ Chem 2
903
High Ind
Games
Lelilter Boole liout
A 236 ^ 222
CuH s
912
Hiltfield
209
Mcsbcngei
‘^>09
League
Standing
Won
Lost
Agi Extension
r4
2
A^r Chem 3
r3
28
Animal Husb
4 )
32
English
48
13
Physics
4b
3
Agr Exp Sta
46
3
Civi! Engl
4
36
Lxec itivc
4
3(
Mech Engl
4
36
Dairy 1
4r
36
Daily 2
44
17
FoiLstj*y
li
38
Hort 1
42
1)
Gen Engr
>12
3 )
Poultry
40
n
Agronomy
3J
12
Speech
3)
12
ocri St( re
IS
11
I arm Mj,t
38
43
] (m 1
3S
43
Fngi
)8
11
t 2
38
43
I harmacy
38
13
Agr Chemistry ^
37
11
Agr Chen' stry 1
35
{(
Flee 1
31
4
Ulc tation
34
4
Chem PnLi
4
1
Chem 2
33
18
Lite Engl 2
33
48
Biolo{,y
32
n
Highway Res
51
aU
PAUL'S PLACE
BEEF Steak HOME MADE CHILI
BEEF BARB-Q PORK TENDERLOl
Phone 2645
FURNAS ICE CREAM 216 W Columbia St.
We Del
Sati'
( i A
Contentment after a delicious tempt^rj; inexpensive ’i at the COFFEE SHOP of the PURDUE UNION Just a real good place to cat. We servQ generously and the more you come, the oftener you’ll want to come. JhL fijUAduUL WjimifiLaL lAnimL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Centei of Activities
HilH Team SetR to Date 1 Ar 1 Lxp St t) ( 2 Aci E\t 26 0 1 Phys c 2( U 4 Ai Husb 2(2 Higrh Team Games to Date 1 Gen Stores 9 2 R itation 91) 1 Deo PnKi 2 91 4 Civil En{,r ) Hi^h Weekly Ind Game I Iker 21( High Weekiv Ind Sets to Date St Tckcy ( Muni?ei (11 Claik W I CU
Spencer
Hendersoi 600 Milki E P 600 Hoeler )) Hiirh Weekly Ind Games to Date
St ickey
DcBcy ol Clail W L 11 Kt 11 ? Mungci 2^6 Lehkcr 2 T Eib S u y 2H
Gopher OuHook Seemed Doric When Bcrnie Bierman left the Minnesota campus eaily this yeai to leport foi duty in the nations aiTned foices the aveiage football fan lelt that the Golden Gophers weie in for plenty ot tiouble when the giid non season rolled around next fall This was only natuial since Bieiman had just finished piloting the Gopheis to then seventh Big Ten champion ship in the past nine yeais Coaches like that don t glow on tiees so at fiist glance things dn^look soit of black foi the peiennial titans of the Western Confeience giidiron tuif Moreover, when giaduation takes its toll fifteen lettermen will be lost ahd six of these will he guards Two others who will be missing liom the Minnesota backfield aie a couple of guys named Biuce Smith and Bob Sweiger Hauser Gefs the Job The man selected to guide the giidiion destinies of the Gopheis dui mg the absence ot Bieiman is Di Geoige Hauser coach of the famous Minnesota lines since 1932 As a Gophei tackle in 1915 16 17 under Di Henry L Willims, Haiisei was one of the greatest tackles evei to play in the West After serving in the Navy duiing the first Woild Wai he le turned to aid Di Williams as assistant coach at Minnesota and continued to serve m that capacity under Bill Spaulding until 1923 Mixes Football With Medicine His coaching caieei fiom there took him to Iowa State college wheie he was lint coach then to Colgate as head coach He left Colgate and journeyed to Ohio State where he took aMnedical couise and also coached the Buckeye line Upon finishing his medical studies his internship hi ought him back to Minnesota Di Hausei still finds time to mix medi cine and football, being a physician in the Student Health Service at piesent Dawson Returns to Gophers Hausei has lounded up the men he wants to help him successfully continue the football piogiam at Minnesota The new backfield coach will be Lowell (Red) Dawson, foimeily head coach at Tulane When Biei man came to Minnesota from Tulane 10 yeais ago he hi ought his quai teiback Dawson with him as backfield coach Dawson lemained with the Gophei staff until 1935 when he leturned to Tulane We watched Dawsons 1936 edition of the mighty Gieen Wave play Andy Ken’s Colgate team on a rainy afternoon which made the tuif at the Polo Giounds mighty slick The Red Raideis pushed ovei a touch down shoitly aftei the opening whistle but that was as fai as they got loi the lemaindei of the entue game Tulane came ioaring back with a lunnmg attack that literally toie the Colgate line to shieds, and won going away bj a scoie of 28 to 6 Ever since then we ve had plentj of respect toi the coachihg ability of Red Dawson Wilkinson Leaves Syracuse Chailes (Bud) Wilkinson will be assistant line and issistmt back field coach He played guaid at Minnesota in 1934 35 and switched to quaiteiback in 1936 Wilkinson gave up his job as line coach it Siiacuse to join the Gophei coaching staff John Roning Minnesota end in 1932 3 4 his been selected to take ovei the fieshman coaching duties His noaching expeiience began at Anoka and Red Wing High Schools and fiom tlieie he stepped into the position ot head coach at Gustavus Adolphus Sig Hams will continue as leseive coach He has been connected with Minnesota tootball as a coach much ot the time smee giadnating fiom the univeisity in 1904 Beit Baston will continue is end coach unless he goes into seivice Gophers Will Be Tough , Beinie Bieiman will be missed of couise but we have i hunch that with the set up which Hausei has lined up the Golden Gopheis will con tiiiuc to occupy then lofty position m Western Conteience tootball —R W K
Hitters Turn Second jGame into Rout, 21-8
By Ed Karpick
For the second consecutive Saturday the Boilermaker baseball team took both ends of a doubleheader from the visiting firemen, this time by scores of 5-2 and 21-8 Western Ulntois dropped the first game although they managed to outhit the Fehring nine, but were out of the running in the second eoAtest when the Riveters sent 17 men to bat in the last half of the fomth inning to tally 12 runs ^ In the fiist game the Macombeis ■
scoied in the top half of the fiist in
ning when Tayloi the leadoff man djen to hat and tallied walked stole second and scored on times on 9 hits three ba8ieS on Ward’s single They managed to ® batter and two errors hold this lead until the bottom half H^rry MePenan and Ge'orge Burgof the third when the Boilermakeis led the assault during this aided by a wild stieak on the part of ^^ame Hany contributed a single visiting huilei Peek, tallied five s^d a triple and George hanged out times on only two hits tuple to light MePerran’s drive Petrich Starts It might have been stretched to foui ■Paul Petuch the Riveter mounds ^^^es but Dutch Pehring elected to man started things off with a single ^lave him hold up at third rathfr to centei This blow the fiist off than have him risk an injury Harry the deliveues of Peck must have Played his fiist game today aftei he upset the tall light handei because ^een put out of action because he walked the next five batteis to appendicitis operation ioice in thiee luns Call Hipp then The lest of the game continued in filed to centei to send the fouith the same vein In the first of the lun acioss the plate The final lun fifth the Macombeis had a little was scoied when Geoige Burghaidt ‘’poit of then own when the^ scoisingled Hany McPerian home ed six times on only three bingles Bill Buighaidt singled in the last In the tail end of the same^frace half of the fouith for the Rivetei s the Boileimakeis scored a final thud and final hit but did not get thiee luns without the benefit of a
a chance to go anyplace when he single hit
was cut down by a fast double play
Foi the fest of the game the bat f^yior'cf'* bateis weie unable to connect safe ® Lewis 2b
Freeaman s
ly as Peck failed to get himself into Freeman ib
Ward c
any moie tiouble
FIRST GAME AB R H PO A 4 1 1 J 0
Ward Scores Waid the Macombei catchei scoied tht final lun of the ball game aftei he had reached fiist on an er
101
second with a single SECOND GWIE
Jahn rf McHatton 3b Lybarj?’ci If Peck p
Totals
4 0
0 11 2 3 0 0 1 1 0 I 0 1
Purdue
Lybaigei diove him in fiom W BuiRharit ss
Friend cf
Rush If
Young 3b McFeiran 2b
36 2 6 24 13 ABR HFOA *>1128
3
4 1 Z 1
1 0 1 0 2 1
3 0 0 4
1 Ota)
W Illinois
Gorenate n ib
B Leui 2b FiLcdniii a
Wai 1 c
Fiecm 1)
Jalin rf r >1 c
I i bari, ll L L 1
M rr 1
r 1
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS \
The handful of nearly fioven c'^Bui^giiardt spectatois weie treated to a little Smith c
Petlith I
bit of eveiything in the baseball imes p book in the nightcap ot the double headei when a total of 29 luns ciossed the plattei In this contest the Boileimakers scoied 21 luiis on sixteen hits while the Macombeis weie putting ncioss 8 luns on 10
hits
Misselhoni On Mound
Ed Misselhoiii stilted on the iiih bei ioi the Rivetei s vnd i in inti i little tiouble 111 the fiist hllf of the second inniiig'wliiiii the Micombeis scoied two luiis on i tiio oi hits The visitois did not have long to en joy then lead loi in the last half of
the «econd inning Dutch Pehiing s Ra vk
men scoied six times on thiee hits
to get out 111 tiOilL pexlliaiiclltly Sliocmaker
C ir on 11
During this iiame Misselhoin G 13 ighirdt aided his own cause with a single swantz''ib
with the bases loaded ind two men Smitii gone to open the scoiing foi the Rivetei'' Bill Buighiidt batted in two moie with a single and Bob Keisey scoied the final two with a
double to left VV eird Fourth
Then came the wend fouith in ning In this stanza the Boilei mak
0 0 1 0 0
SECOND GAME ABR HPOA
Ma t
Fr nd
R ll
),hai It
If
3 0 1 J J 1 4 1 J 1 0 0
4 2 2 4 0 0 i ’ 1 0 0 J 1 1 1 0 0 1 1 0 2 0 1
0 0 0 0 2 0 0 0
31 8 10 18 o a AB R H PO A E 12 2 110 1 0 0 0 1 0
■X
3 2 0
3b
■>b
Inman c M elhor
Cei rttt i m n
Totals
3 3 2 1 0 0 3 2 10 3 1 2 110 10 4 ’ 1 1 0 3 110 0 0 1110 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2 > ’ , 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
1 0 0 0 0 0 10 10 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
n lb n n i
Nick Altiock IS still weal mg a hi ace on the leg he hioke last year
when he fell out of a tiee
CLEAN CLOTHES Make Smart Young Americans} Up anil oomni^ yoniif? Aniei ira knows ihi* inlcnso value ol sniarlness lliese ilays. That’s why woie finihnp; more anil more wise yonnjj; lolks using a good tleaner.
Norlhweslei n at Vine
Phone 40ai
Southworth*s ^i^^l" • PuFcluS Exponent StmSay, JpHl 12, 1942
University Calendar WEEK OF APRIL 12-18, 1942
^ 30 A M - l0 00 A M ■ 10 00 4,M 11 00 A M12 30 P M - ''.4^ P M -
7 SO PM 7 SO P M -
10 00 AM 4 00 P M - 5 00 P M - r, 00 P M ■ G SO P M - G SO P M - 7 00 P M - 7 SO P M -
Sunday, April 12 -Moitai Boaid Meeting -Indooi Model An plane Con
test
-Moitai Boaid Bieakfast -All Meet -Reaniei Club I uiicheon -Chi Omega Alumna Buflet Suppei -Sciivenei Club Meeting -Intei’faith Biotheihood Con vocation
Room 2GS Union rieldhouse Old Chestnut Room
Union
Pm due Airpoit East raeulty Lounge
Union
Fast Faculty Lounge
Union
Room 261 Union Hall ol Music
Monday, April -Count\ Agents Meeting -Agionom\ Seminai -Gi immai punctu ition and Spelling T&sts -P I A Sjning Binquit -Fnlomology B iiiquet -Radio Liteiaiv Contest -P I A Dance Class -Giaduite Dimes Budge
13
8 no PM —Re imei s Meeting
West Ficulty lounge Union Room 201 Ag II ill Room 101 1 due Bldg Room SOS Union I ist Reception Room Union WBAA Noi th Balh ooni Union West Faculty I ounge Union Room S04 Union
Tuesday, April 14 4 00 P M —Coed F\t( mpoi aneous Read ing Contest 1 00 P M—Alpha Zeta Speech Pielim manes 4 00 P M —A I M E Meeting 4 00 P M Committee on State of Unneisity 5 00 PM—Gtammai punctuation ind Spelling Pests G 00 PM —K ipp i Psi Initiation 0 15 PM—Boaid of Tuisteos ( •'O PM—Seabbaid ind B1 ide B inquct
Personnel Notes SOPHOMORES AND JUNIORS FOR summer work Illinois Tool Works, Chicago, 111 Dale of Visit Wednesday, April 15 Sophomores and Juniors for Summer Work in Tool engineering and Machine Design Departments Schedule an interview in the Personnel Office before 10 a m Tuesday, April 14 Bausch & Lonib Optical Co, Rochester, NY — Sophomore and Junior M E’s, ChE’s and Science (with Physics major), tor summer work No representative will visit the campus Sign in the Personnel Office before 3 pm Monday, April 13 National Tube Company, McKeesport Pa—Sophomore and Tumor ME’s, ChE’s, Met’s, F F s and Industrial Engineers for summer work No represen tative mil visit the campus Sign in the Personnel Office before 3 p m Monday April 13 Pratt & Whitney Aircraft, F Hartford, Conn —Sophomore and liinior Mechanical, Aeronautical, md industrial engineers for sum mer work Sign in Personnel Of flee before Monday April 13 COMPANIES SCHFDULFD TO VISIT CAMPUS F I DuPont clc Nemours & Co,
Robbins Directs C. E. Dammon
Grain Course
-Boaid ot Tiustces Meeting -Camera Club Meeting
-Puidue Daily Club Meeting
7 15 PM 7 30 P M 7 30 P M
7 30 PM—Chiistian Scienec Ol gani/ation Room iO IIi ion
7 ‘’0 PM—A A U P Meeting
Rc 111 101 Ui IV H 11 Room 201 Union Room 102 < 1 1 Bldg Ro( m 2f ! Unu i Room 101 Fdue Bldg Old Cliesti 111 R( om
Union
Room 3'’2 U non \\ tst I icult\ I c gc
Union
Poom 304 Union Room 0-’ Union Smith Hill
Pi of F E Robbins oftheAgion omy Depaitment, assisted in the giain grading school at Rushville last Monday and Tuesday At a giain giading school in Vincennes, scheduled for Apiil 13 14, Prof Robbins will discuss new vai leties of grain adaptation Pi of C E Skivei, also of the Agionomy Depaitment, will speak on the cul tuial factors affecting commeicial
grades
Wabash River Oidnance -'Works, Teire Haute, Ind There is a need for;^additional engineers of all types in this division Sign in the Peison nel Office before 3 pm Monday, April 13 Phileo Radio Corp Philadelphia Pa ol Detroit, Michigan—B S oi M S in ME or EE Sign up in Pei soiinel Office hefoie Apiil 14 Illinois Tool Works Chicago 111
Apiil 15
U S Naval Ordnance Laboratory, Washington, D C—ME EE Sci ence with Physicist Option Mr Moore will return to the campus sometime next week if a sufficient number sign up Please sign in Per sonnel Office by 4 p m Tuesday
Apiil 14
University Director of Admis
sions, will attend the thirteenth an nudl convention of the American Association of Collegiate Regis tiais to be held in Chicago The conference, which begins tomorrow,
will last through Thursday
Notices
b 00 P M—Scrnenct Club Banquet 5 00 PM Gi immii punctuation spilling tests f 00 P M Wesley Foundation Banquet ( 10 P M Indi ina Section—Am Society Student Engineei s B inquet 7 0PM Gi iduate Dames Stitch
and Sew
7 '’O PM —Civil All Patiol 7 iO PM P I A Choi us 7 10 PM — Chiisti in Student I ellowship
Rooms 332 334 Union Room 101 Educ Bldg South Ballioom Union Rooms 355 303 Union
Room 263 Union Room 303 Union Towel Union Room 307 Union
rraternities Al! fraternities liiiving 80 percent Debus sales among their membeis of the house please remit the stubs befoie Wednesday April 15 at the Debris business off CO in order to obtain a free Debris THEODOSE Former Gold Pepper Pledges Meeting Monday Apiil 13 at 4 p m in loom 305 of the Union lor complete d scu sioi of actives Bring brass knuckles pot sock and paddle biiring at r p m —F PLEDGE Scriveners PI Ige soivices tonight n room 253 ol the Ui ion Saiah Murtey will road Cai lie in the Win 1 I lease b pie
i nt
BRAY Alpha Phi Omega Pledge meeting at r m on Mon lay Aiiil H in rocm 102 ol 11 e Uni I — ICUCK Undergraduate Dames Club Elect on i f officers Monday Aiiil It nt 7 30 p m ii room 305 ol the Un i VOIMER Sportswomen Pie Igcs meet at WRH Wood at 2 30 p m th s afternoon Actives meet at the cah i 1 y 4 p m Bring ife foi the Buppei —HARRISON Gold Peppers Picnic postponed Plans nie be ng m le loi 1 a\ing it T cbduy Apiil 34 Watch I i fiilher developments —I ORD Registration Workers Students who wi h to work tor the Registiar dining the s m mer term registiation May 4 and r ire iceiuested to make ai plication at the Regis tnrs office ahose with previous exper
ience nt registration or In other clerical
jobs are given preference
—STONE
All Students Students who expect to change from one school within the Univer Bity to another at the end Of the present semester are advised to obtain the necessary blanks at once from the Registrar s of Rce —S TONE Military Code Instruction Men who qual ified at 6 w p ni or better and desire a cer tificate to that effect should contact Lt Burkhart in Instructors Room of Armory
—BURKHART
WAA Tennis Two lequired practices must be in before Monday April 13 Prac tices may be played anytime Scheduled pract ce nights are Monday and Thursday
^ —SCHUBER
Stage Stump Studio Banquet Committee G t hill inti me immediately Phone 2175
—PI RVINE
Gilder Club ■“ ting postponed until T1 111 d ly April 16 Elect on ol officers will be 1 cl I it this meeting _
—CASSFE
Catholic Students A number of students nio wi nted for the Catholic summer camp Those interested call 2501 —BROCH Water Ballet Group Ballet practice lor WAA lenny cirnival w 11 be held Friday it 4 Sunday at 10 p m an I Monday at 4 Ihe following will please repoit A Water hi r> R easier M Fleagei B Hair son I Amti m P Hembneks 1 Browne S J hns n W lalmoi M Smith M Criv
JOHNSON
at 6 00 p m Meet at women s gym and theti go to the WAA cabin In case of rain the picnic will be held in the Pi Phi bum room Please notify either Gail HeBnis Faith Wayne Becky PerVitie or Barbara Ford before Monday night if you Annot go —FORD
Pi Tau Sigma Pledges Meeting Tuesday, April 14 nt 4 00 p m in MB Reading loom All pledges must he present —GREGORY Reamer Club Meeting Monday April 18,^ at 7 30 pm in room 304 of the Union Please bring show tickets and money Formal initiatioi) at 6 pm Sunday April 12 in Tower room with a banquet following Remember tonight —RUFPNER ASMB Members There WlH be a closeA meeting next Tuesday April 14 at 7 8K p m in ME building 207 Election of officeM foi 42 13 will be held at this meeting Refreshments will be served —TOPINKA j Jr & Sr Mets Meeting Tuesday April 14 4pm in room 302 of the Met Buildmi; to decide on A I M,E question “ —STARKEY Exponent Staff Meeting of all Juniot} Editorial men in the Exponent office Monday April 13 at 4 p m —BROPHY Gold Pepper Activea Meeting Monday^ Apiil 13 at 4 p m in room 305 of Union, to select pledges Attendance Is Tau Beta Pi Formal initiation will be Wednesday April If ut 7 IB p m In room 2 10 if th< Ui 101 —BRANNER
Archery Tournament All persons )nt r < le 1 II omi eting in ill campus aiel ly 1 rnament i lease atteii I the m>ctinK f tl Archery Ch h next Mon lay Apiil H in 10 m 104 f the I leldhousc - —I REYMAN Men s Fencing Tourney The follow i r men will i lease reiort at the Eieldhouse betweei 1 in i ( I m Monday April 13 to complete the fenc ng touinameiit la lure 11 repoit will result i a t rfeit—R J Bn ait L D Acheson J E C immings E H Sehwonker D H Giecne L A Whcelei Riy Larson —OAKES Town Cirls Club Picnic Saturday April 2 at 1 30 p m in Hai py Hollow Meet iii West Fact Ity Ijount < heloie tartiiig Please s gi i it we t I k in Un on by Monday Api 1 20 Ring 20 cent t r lood wl eii yo i sign p —CRAVES Gold Peppers 1 lenic Tuesday Apiil 14
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Addine Machines all mak^^ sold rented repaired and purchahed Mimeograph work done C J EbershofT 605 Main Lafayette Phone 2779 Students lour looms single neds inner Bpr ! g mattresses private bath continuous hot wat r summer rates 20b Hus.seH St 1 hone 2417 Mimeographing and typing—buJletimnga Icttois etc Stairs Mtrcantil Servlet 123 North 4th St
7 30 P M ■ 7 30 P M ■ 8 00 P M ■
n 00 AM4 00 f* M -
-Alpha Zeta Speech Contest -Playshop The Male Animal -Oldei Youth Meeting
1 ist F KuU\ I oungo
Union
Room 36 i I nion ] li/t Fovki H ill i o\\ c U lion
Friday, April 17 4 00 P M —B iseh til—-Illinois 4 10 P M —Cosmopolitan Club Meeting 5 00 P M —Gi tmm ti punctuation ind spelling tests 7 30 P M -Inteiliateinity Fellowship 7 JO PM—Mixed Reeieation 7 !0 P M —om Committee Dinnei
Wednesday, April 15 -Speech Gioup Luncheon Old Chestnit Room
7 0 PMI 00 P M -
-PI shop -Junioi Piom
Btseball Diamond Room 304 Union Room 101 Fduc Bldg Room 307 Union Women s Gymnasium East Faculty I oungo Union E1i2i i Fowlei Hall Both Balliooms Union
SENIORS
-Tau Kippt Alph 1 Initntion
Union Rooms 30 Ui u 1
ind 305
4 00 PM—POM M Picnic 5 00 PM—Giammu punctuation spellin,, tests 7 00 PM—Ceitification Inspeetois Tiaining 7 30 PM —Hoitieultui il Societ\ 7 30 PM—MaiiiageCou ^e
-Giaduatc Dames Fust
Aid Classes
-I atm Ameiiem Put\
7 30 P M - 7 30 P M -
7 30 PM—Plajshop The Male Animal
Room 101 1 due Bld„ Room 104 Ag H ill Room 117 Hoit Bldg Rooms ”02 ind 04 Union Room 110 ChE Bldg Old Chestnut Room Union rii/ i Eowlei H ill
Saturday, April 18 “^00 PM —Baseball—Illinois Baseball Diamond 4 00 P M —Sigmi Xi In tiation Both Faculty Lounges Union ( 00 PM Alph i Xi Delta Burict Suppei Rooms 332 "34 Union
( 00 P M —Sigm 1 Xi Banquet 7 00 P M Penny Cai nival 7 30 P M -Sigmi X Open Lectin e 7 oq PM—Phi shop 8 30 P M —Phi Mu Dance \ 8 0 P \r —Union Mixci
South Ballioom Union Women s Gym I ectuie Room Sin ley Coultei Hall Eliza Fowlei Hall West Ficulty I ounge Union South Ballioom Union
We have made subscribing to the EXPONENT a All you have lo do is fill out the coupon, keep the reciept, and send the rest to us in the envelope provided.
EXPONENT J
3 00 P M -
Thursday, April 16 -Scieon Review Hill ol Music
Pafronize Exponent Advertisers
AWA Awards Fuller Memorial To Poole B A Poole CE 31 Chicl Engin eei ol the Indiana State Bond oi Health, has von this teai s Geoige W Fullei Memorial Aw n d given by the Indiana Section ol the Amei i can Watei Woiks Assoei ition The Fuller Awaidisgiten innual ly to a membei ot the AV A in i ec ognition ol his leadtiship quililies trid his eonti it utions tow nd Hit idvancomerit ol w itoi woil s jn le lice duiin^, the p ist jt u
SCOBEE’S All Kinds ol Photogi iphit Siipplit s I resh Film ind I ilin Pks - 7rv Our Quality Kodak Finis/iirig — PROIVH’I SIR VICE
Phone 234 3
105 NorihwcsUrn Ate
Everything for a College Ediu nlion DEAC’S
USE
SAVE money!
Gietut it IfauiUell!
VAPOO
2 #5 apoo II aket tlia rs sofas rugs radiant as wJitn )Ou liought iluni'tapoo s tp ck 1 asy f an t harm fabrics o i m deam 16 fhairs or tuo J -r 12 r 4s Cct Vai>oo at dept drug or hard
ware-stores and sham poo your whole liouse 3 or tan 00 7 0/ OUi, il 00, 13 0/ can
$I fO
'■Fj? Tjy.TDOdC ‘to ^3:
REIFER’S
riion* 4091
839 Mam St
j Carol, honey, you’re the belle of the ball!
\
. •alOOb'’^ “'Bat
Unique Sanitone Cleaning Service Ideal for Fine Evening Wear 5 on I 111 triisl soiii lovi Iv ihings lo oiii S inilont Drv ( le ining Service il g< nils It most s soil, pers|niiilion ind i ihiit him. It using t olors t le ir mil It \liiri ri in slit il
DUL 7278
132 NORTHWESTERN AVE.
NOTICE
TO
FRESHMEN Some Summer Session Short Courses From May 4th until June 27th
Courses:— Mathematics 2 Chemistry 1 Engineering Drawing 12 English 31 Applied Mechanics 21 TUITION $31.00 READ STORY ON PAGE ONE-THIS ISSUE
I*