. , ^ '
N. D., 47; lltinois, 0 Indiana, 34; Wis., 0 Mich., 4^; Minn., 6
' OhioS».,0,NVett'rn,l3! Army, 39; Yale, 7 PennS».,45;M'ryland,0
Eatabitehed 18S>
Bully For '18
r-
Volumd 56, No. 71
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, October .24, 1943
Riveters Drub Iowa Before Homecoming Crowd
University Leases Indianapolis Club G. J. MarroH Turns Hoosier Athletic Building \ Over For Two Year Technical Education Extension Following the meeting of the trustees which w-as held Friday in the Executive Building, it was announced that the University had leased the Hoosier Athletic Club building from George J. Marrott, its owner, for two years. Expansion of the University educational program in Indianapolis, is made possible through these new quar-
ters. Both the University war training program, which is operated in cooperation with the United States office of education, and the University’s newly organized Division of Technical Institutes will operate classes in the new headquarters. Virtually the entire building, coinprising more than 26,000 square feet of floor I space, will be rearranged for classroom and laboratory use, completely equipped with blackboards, study chairs and tables. Laboratories will be set up for radio, electronics, electrical engineering, time and motion study, metallurgy and spectroscopy. The lighting, heating and plumbing systems are being put in first class condition for classroom operation. Immediate plans call for a minimum of 35 classrooms in the building. Ballroom Equipped for Movies The ballroom will be utilized as (See UNIVERSITY, page 3) Rankr Class Of -84, Signs first For Homecoinlng To Harry E. Rank, ’84, West Lafayette, secretary of his class, goes the honor as in past years of being the first to register for Homecoming week-end at the Union. He registered last Tuesday. Rank stated that there are only three members of his class now living—one from Lafayette and the other from California. Edward Sears, ’99, Cassopolis, Mich., was another early registeant. TJais is the first time he has returned to see the University play since he left the gridiron in 1898, when he played tackle on the varsity.
First Industrial Recreation Clinic Begins Tomorrow In keeping with the times, the University’s new Industrial Recreation Section announced its first “Industrial Recreation Clinic” to be held beginning tomorrow until Saturday. Recognizing recreation for war workers as a useful method of improving physical fitness and morale, and reducing absenteeism, this University led the universities of the nation in establishing a special department to study the subject last July. At the present time, twelve states have registered to attend the clinic here. Dr. Floyd R. Eastwood, professor of Industrial Recreation, who heads the new section, will direct the clinic which will offer training in leadership, organization, activities, finance and other techniques that promote successful programs. Special problems such as music in industry, women, childjcare, and worker fatigue, will be included. Dr. Eastwood will start an Industrial Recreation course open to students next semester. Provides Approach To Production Appreciating that industrial recreation provides a human approach to improved industrial relations and better production, war plants throughout the nation have rapidly set up programs for their workers which has acted as oil on the troubled waters of the manpower pool. Partially due to demands of the armed services for recreation leaders, trained industrial recreation leaders are practically on the ration list. This University, long (See CLINIC, page 3)
211 Civilians Sign For ASTP, Navy College Programs
V-12 Forestry Students Visit Game Reserve
Seventeen students and their instructors made an all-day field trip last Thursday to the large JasperPulaski Game Reserve located north of Lafayette. The students, all of them navy and marine trainees, were from three forestry and wild life classes. During the morning the nursery was visited and its equipment and management studied. 'This nursery grows millions of trees each year for planting throughout the state. The production of the nursery has been greatly curtailed by a labor shortage and the only available labor now is from a conscientious objector’s camp located near there. The men in this camp work on faims in the state when needed and work at the nursery in their spare time. Spent Time in Central Office The first part of the afternoon was spent at the central office of I the reserve. A nursery is located there which provides thousands of young pheasants and quail for stocking in the state each year. A small pond near the office is a permanent breeding place for a group of ducks each year. The bass in the pond are so large, however, that they catch and eat many of the young ducklings when they start to swim. Also near the office is a building containing exhibits of many of the animajs found wild in Indiana. These include raccoon, woodchuck.
fox, squirrel, coyote, wolf, bobcats, skunk, opossum, eagles, badger and several others. Four bears were included that were once native of Indiana but are no longer found in the state. Tqok Trip Over Reserve The remainder of the afternoon was taken up by a trip over the reserve. Much of the land in that area was once marsh or muck l^d and was all drained for cultivation. When the wild life reserve took over the land in that area, part of it was refloocied and returned to its normal state as a waterfowl haunt. During the trip ducks and geese were seen in comparatively large numbers. A duck trap was visited and the birds in it banded'^ and released. Beaver were released several yeais ago in the marsh, and they have established several dams. One of the larger dams had laised the water level of a pond about four
feet.
Observed Rare Sandhill Cranes One of the highlights of the trip was the rather close obsevvation of a large group of sandhill cranes. This is a rare species and is seldom •seen in this region, especially in such numbers and at so close a distance. McKcevev, district leader of the Pitman-Robertson program, was with the group throughout the trip and explained thfe various phases of the conservation program.
Trustees, Alumni Directors, Research Foundation Board Hold Conferences Three Groups Attend Joint Luncheon In Union For Consolidation Of Efforts Alumni Association Directors, the University Board of Trustees, and the Research Foundation Board attended a joint luncheon in the Union yesterday, for the purpose of bringing the three groups more closely together and consolidating their
efforts. /
The Research Foundation is a non-profit organization founded on December 30, 1930, by
J.'K. Lilly, now head of Eli Lilly and Company, and David Ross, deceased, inventor of the Rostone process. The purpose of the foundation is to promote fundamental scientific research as teaching mechanism for training young men and women with creat-
ive talent. Approximately 211 men have inProblems Presented by Industries dicated interest in taking qualifyProblems are presented to the tests for the Army Specialized foundation by industries, who Training Program and ^ the Navy finance the solving of the problem. College !^rogarm V-12 which will The foundation pays graduate stu- given at the University on Nodents who do the actual research, vember 9. Civilians who wish to Any topic taught in the University talre the test should sign in the Permay be the subject of research sonnel Office before lAe end of the whether it be concerned with bak- semester. ing bread or the stress placed on an Applicants for both tests must airplane wing.^ either high school or preparaThere are four classes of mem- ^ory school graduates, high school bership in the foundation. These preparatory school seniors who include the founders, the national graduate by March 1, 1944, or councilors, all of the University they have not graduated, must be trustees and from 25 to 50 of the attending an accredited college, most distinguished alumni. The Students must reach their 17th but national councilors hold member- ’^ot their 20th birthday by March 1, ships for life, and to be a councilor 1944, for both groups, although one must be one of the ten most *1^6 ASTP will accept men who will successful and influential men in 1*® under 22 by March 1, 1944. the counti’y in the opinion of the Additional Qualifications trustees. Additiortal qualifications which a Association Contacts Alumni student must pass before being acDirectors of the Alumni Associ- cepted for the ASTP are: he must ation are appointed to districts all be physically and morally fit as well over the country. The Alumni As- ^s evidence potential officer qualifisociation keeps in contact with cations, including appearance and alumni, arranges for meetings and scholarship records. In addition to provides speakers, tells them what these the V-12 qualifications are: is happening on campus, and gath- he must be a citizen of the United ers information which might be of States, and must be unmarried and use to the University. agree to remain unmarried until Alumni had only a loosely-knit commissioned, unless released soonand entirely voluntary organization cr by the Navy Department, until after llhe end of the first Students who take the test will World War, when a full-time sec- indicate which branch of the servretary and assistants were appoint- ice they prefer. Making the test ed. Due to the war, the annual does not constitute enlistment in Board meeting was postponed until cither branch of the service; howyesterday morning. ever, once a student has indicated a Another Vital Organization preference for the navy, his test Another organization of vital im- score will not be considered by the portance to the University is the nrmy, and vice versa. Ross-Ade Foundation, which han- Purpose of ASTP dies the funds for the upkeep of Purpose of the ASTP is to prothe Ross-Ade stadium. The presi- vide technicians and specialists for dent of the University, the director the army. Selectees will study at of athletics, trustees, contributors government expense at colleges and and a representative of the student universities determined largely by body make up the foundation. their own qualifications. They will
be soldiers on active duty, under military discipline, in uniform and
on regular army pay.
Pioviding officers for the navy, marine corps and coast guard is the purpose of the navy program. Stu-
Mortar Board, national women’s ^ents qualifying for the program honorary, announces that the Kath- I'epoi’t to the nearest office of naval erine Wills Coleman fellowship, officer procurement, are interviewed available for the academic year ^iven a physical examination. 1944-45, will carry an award of The quota of students will be chosen $600, according to Miss Irene Feldt by a regional selection committee, of the placement service for women, if selected, will be taken into Active members of a Mortar the navy immediately and will be
Co-Capt. Bill Barbour l°e Buscemi
BILL BARBOUR ^ — ' Iowa End ^ performed well at end for the Hawk eyes yesterday.
JOE BUSCEMI ® was a standout on both offense and defense for the Riveters.
Elects Dr. J. R, Leevy Book Exchange
Dr. J. Roy Leevy, associate professor of sociology at the University, was elected president for 194445 at the annual meeting of the Social S.cience Academy in Indianapolis. ^ Committees of the q.cademy are publication, membership, resolution and legislative. The latter attemps to analyze state legislation for social science teachers. Goal next year for the group is a I'esearch problem in fields of housing and migration of farmers to cities or defense areas. All information is to be pooled for social science teachers in Indiana. Dr. Leevy is a graduate of the University of Illinqjs and Indiana University who came to this campus in 1939. For the past year he has been a member of the board of directors and vice president of the academy.
For the first time since its incep^tion in the spring of 1931, the Student Union Book Exchange will begin operating at the end of the current semester. Books will be received and sold from 1 to 5 p. m. Monday, Tuesday and all morning Wednesday in room 267 of the Union. The Book Exchange will therefore be able to begin selling books on the first day of next semester instead of waiting the usual two days to collect books. The Exchange will be open during registration from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. 6n the following eight days. Sponsored by the Student Union, the Exchange is a non-profit organization. Books are assessed at an estimated value of 75 per cent.
Library Cooperates In British Book Week
Mortar Board
Board chapter of the years ’43-44, who are qualified as candidates for a master’s or doctor’s degree in an accepted university for graduate work, aie eligible. Candidates
assigned as soon as possible to a college. They will be in the same
status as ASTP men. Test Is First Step
Qualifying test is the first step
must be unmarried, and must not selection of men for college probe older than 25 years at the time Students who take the test of application notified by approximately Information and application December 20 as to whether they blanks must be obtained from Miss Qualified or not. Jhe test is eKatherine E. Kuhlman, Mortar signed to measure the altitude and Board National^Council, 40 Wis- geneial knowledge required for sucteria Drive, Dayton, Ohio, before college programs.
January 15, 1944. WMC . . . sponsored a coast to coast broadcast of Ina Ray Hutton’s band from the ballrooms of the Memorial Union Friday night. Miss Hutton and her band played for the Homecoming dance. Gold Pepper Pledges Mary Bowlby Mary Ann Click Jean Holtson
Notice Representative of the AlHsChalmers Manufacturing Company will be on the campus Monday for a group meeting at 4 p. m. in Room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building for E. E., M. E. and P. S. E. seniors. All seniors interested in individual interviews should sign in the Personnel Office by Saturday noon. I Mortar Board Pledges Mary Bowlby
October 24 to 30 has been internationally proclaimed British Book Week by the International Relations Board of the American Library Association. The University library has on display in the first floor corridor an exhibit of British books, peiiodicals and pamphlets to represent lecent trends in British publishing. A scant glance at the exhibit will immediately disclose to the observer the significant changes which four years of war have wi'ought on Biitish printing. Every effort is being made to conserve vital paper. The books no longer flaunt wide margins, nor are they elaborately garnished with blank or useless leaves. The practice of crowding a maximum of words onto every page, outlawed in ordinaly times, is now found to be expedient. Paper Quality Suffers Paper quality also has suffered; the material in recent books is of a generally poorer grade, and the leaves are decidedly thinner than those of the pre-war books with which the exhibit compares them. British paper rations have been reduced by five-eighths the amount used before the war. Naturally, this handicap has restricted publishers ill the printing of new books. However, by reducing the number of copies printed of each new book, the industry has almost kept abreast with available literature. The demand for books has been well balanced; classics, novels and texts are being printed in almost the same proportions as in normal times.
Acquire Understanding of Britain In spite of the present critical situation, Biitish Book Week is being sponsored in order to inspire Americans to acquire a closer understanding of Britain through
books.
Despite certain fundamental elemei?bs of kinship, declares the American Library Association, there are at present many forces working to disrupt the close harmony which should exist between America and Britain. Our racial heritage, the language we speak, our cultural traditions, our democratic ideals, all serve to tie the countries with a common bond. But antagonisms, malicious representations, indifferences and misunderstandings have always existed, and at present are acting to foment a strong “nationalist” movement within the United States which may divide us, and if not seriously hamper our common war effort, may let the Axis win the peace though it loses the war. Understanding Through Literature An excellent means to mutual understanding between America and Britain exists through the medium of literatui e. Through books which depict the English character and way of life, we may be able to achieve that fuller understanding; we may deteimuie and assess for ourselves the value of the part that Biitain has been playing in the war. Ill compliance with the British Book Week program, the library has a list of books for directed reading, and many of those indicated are available there.
ich, Laskin Tally In 28-7 Win Over Hawkeyes For the second consecutive Saturday the Riveters waited until the second half before they shifted their football machine into high gear, as they overcame a 7-0 first quarter lead to defeat the Iowa Hawkeyes 28 to 7 before a large Homecoming crowd yesterday afternoon in Ross Ade stadium. Although the statistics show that the Riveters outplayed Iowa in respect to yards gained by rush ing and in first downs it was the visiting team that had the game in its control during th6 first half. The Riveters made 10 first downs by rushing and two by passing while another was picked up as the result of a penalty for a total of 13. The Iowa eleven made seven first downs, three of them resulting from passes. The Boilermakers gained 231 yards on the ground while Iowa was gaining 128, but the Hawkeyes outdistanced the Purdue gridders in the aerial attack 72 to 46 yards. Butkovich = Dynamite As has been the ease all season it was Tony Butkovich who carried the dynamite in the Boilermaker attack. Tony carried the ball 19 times and made a net yard gain of 149 yards for an average of 7.85 yards. Butkovich not only maintained his running average, but he also kept his lead in the scoring race by crossing the goal line three times with the pigskin under his arm. Iowa’s co-captain Bill Barbour was a standout on the Hawkeye’s defense as well as on the offense. It was a pass to Barbour that set up the visitor’s only score. He was also
CROSS-COUNTRY Led by Tom Judge, the Boilermaker cross-country squad defeated Indiana yesteerday, 19 to 41, on the Hoosier’s course. Following Judge at the finish were Riveters Ed Erickson and Bob Mannfeld, with an Indiana man taking fourth place.
called upon to kick the extra point. Center Bill Baughman was also brilliant on the Hawkeye defense, and Bill Gallagher’s running put the Riveteis in the hole time after time. First Quarter Having taken possession of the ball on the Purdue 44, following a fumble by Butkovich, two passes fiom Glasener to Barbour put the ball on the Purdue 19. Glasener skirted his right end to score standing up. Baibour converted, making the score Iowa 7, Purdue 0. Second Quarter Drives by Butkovich and Dimancheff carried the ball from the Iowa 48 to the Iowa 8. Butkovich tallied from here and Dubicki converted. Score: Purdue, 7; Iowa, 7. Third Quarter Following a series of punt exchanges, and also an assortment of penalties on both sides, Ibwa was forced to punt to the Purdue 30. A 38 yard dash by Butkovich, a short gain by Dimancheff, capped by a 31 yard jaunt to the goal by Butkovich accounted for the second Boilermaker touchdown. Score: Purdue, 14;
Iowa, 7.
An alert recoveiy of the kickoff by Joe Buscemi gave the Riveters the ball on the Iowa 27. Once more Dimancheff and Butkovich drove toward the Iowa goal, with Butkovich finally scoiing. Dubicki’s conversion made the score Purdue, 21; Iowa, 7. Fourth Quarter A Riveter march toward the goal line was stopped around the Iowa 20 when Ten ell intercepted Hibler’s pass. However, a bad pass from center sailed over Gallager’s head as he was going to punt. Nate Laskin, Riveter right end rushed in and recovered the ball over the goal line. Dubieki made good his fourth attempt and the game ended with Poi'due leading 28 to 7.iBEWTSttwswofBoaBS^
2-
Purdue Expan&nt
Sunday‘s October 24^ 1943
X
Purdue Exponent combined with Purdue Independent
Offices; Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Ediforial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
fiditor,. Busines.'! MahD;;«r.. News ‘Editor Mans^inir Editor Sports Editors
; Eiiis Murphy Mary Diits Wiiiiam H. Tyson Caroiyn Wiibur ..Raymond J. Smith, Russell M. Lipas
Publication Staff Editorial Staff Associate Editors; Jack Abbott, Ruth M, Ford, Madelyn A. Grotnos, .lames T. Richardson, Marirarct V. tstotles, %lame: Ackerman. .Service Staff: Morris Better. G.abriel Eiia.s, Leo Friedman, Jack Mnrtirc, Jay Newman.
Business Staff
Advertisinff Manager: C. L. Gaunt. Assistant Advertising Manager: Betty Maney. Circulation Manager: R. G. Sauermon.
Staff For This Issue
Nigbl Editor: Ford Sports Editor: Thomas City Editor: Steffes Issue Editor: Richardson Reporters: Wright. Hermann. Ogdon, P. Garber, B. Garber. Ynrgar, Hill, Pagliarulo. Swern, Winer, Miner, H. Gregory, Davis, Goorgeson, Asperger, Vermilion. Staff Photographer: W. C. Tolbcr
Entered as second class matter at the post office .in Lafayette. Indiana, under the act of Congress of. March 3, 1879, an'd at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, acl at October 3, : 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published on Tuesday, Thur.sday :md Saturday mbrninga during the year, e.xcept certain vacation period.s. Delivered daily by carrier for $1.2.7 for a.semester; by mail for $1,60 for a semester. Subscriptions may be obtained at the Exponent office or at the West Desk of the Union. Represented tor national advertising by National Advertising . Service, Inc.. College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y,
MERRY-(iO-ROUHD B y D a E W f E A R S O N Young 'XoGperationists" Arrayed Against fsolatson-Tinged Group; Commiir^Jsf'- st^d. Forces Gaining Recognif-ion WASHINGTON—The present fight over whether the Senate shall pass a milk-and-water resolution cpinmitting- the country to dipping its toe vaguely into iureig'n cooperation for world peace, or shall come out with a bold, unabashed-statement that we are willing to use a.police force if necessary to prevent wai', is the most important Senate debate in twenty years. It rivals the historic battle between. Woodrow Wilson and the" little band of “willful” senators which defeated the League of Nations. The entire world is watching, it. On one side is a younger- group of .senators, most of them veterans of the last wai-, a mixture of both Republicans and Democrats wlio may differ on domestic matters, but ai-e firmly united, regardles.s of party lines, that there must be-no more war. On the other side are older men, some of them still living in the days of pre-1914 isolation. There is Hiram Johnson of California, who helped beat Woodrow W.il■son and Who, shaking his white head bitterly, told the Senate; “I am. going to die. But I am going to die fighting Joe Stalin.” Then there are such unreconstructed isolationists as Wheeler of Montana and Nye of North Dakota, plus Vandenbui-J- of Michigan, who still wants to be an isolationist though.terribly worried over the nonisolationist position of both Michigan business and Michigan .labor. Finally, there'are honest conservatives like George of Georgia and Connally of Texas, all older men .whose international background got firmly fixed in the halcyon days before 1914. The philosophy of the young “cooperationists” boils down to this: It is much better to have the battle over U. S. cooijeration for peace now, before the war is over, than after the annistice. They remember the bitter disappointment, the set-back to world peace . after the last war. BaiS Starts Ball Rolling It %vas Senator Joe Ball, Republican of Minnesota, who started the ball rolling. Last week ho invited 10 senators to his office, pointed to the vague inno-cuous-ness of The Senate resolution on w’orld cooperation which o!dster.s wei-e sending to the Senate floor. .Senator Pepper of Florida immediately said he considered the “oLkstei-” resolution a clever dodge by the iso]ationi.st.s. Hill of Alabama, Maybanlc of South Carolina, Bridf^s of New Hampshire, Hatch of New Mexico, Ferguson of Michigan, plus several others, agreed. Next moi-ning six of them met again in Ball’.s office, drafted a new resolution authorizing a police force, the suppi-es.sion of military aggression, putting ' teeth into the means for keeping world peace. Senate oldster.s and isolationists boiled wdth rage, called the young coopef-atidnists a “little group of willful men.” The youngsters accepted the challenge, ,said they -would.rather be willful for permanent peace machinery no-w that let. willful oldste)-s block peace maehinei-y after the war.
Empty Embassy
Argentina’s new Ambassador Adrian Escobar will have a barren welcome when lie arrives at the Arg-en-tine Emba.s.sy in Washington. Thei-e w-ill be no pictures on the wall, no rug.s on the floor, and. no beds, to sleep in. ■ Escobai', newly aiipoinled Amliassador to succeed pro-Anierican■ D,-. I’l i;pe A.,Espi], doesn’t know this, and probably Vii.r . Jearn it. until he arrives to take over the Eml.iassy and to woo American favor, which has grown so cold toward Argentina. 'J’he Embas.sy is being (lenuded by Ainbassadoi- Espil, by the simide proces.s of removing his own belongings. The building belongs to the Argentine Gov-tM-nmeiit—but that is about all. Over the period of his twelve years as Ambassador, Dr. Espil and his charming wife have accumulated a j-are collection of household good.s, which have made the Embassy one of the finest residences in town. But M'hen E.spil, a devoted friend of this country, learned he was to be i-ecalled, he ordered his stuff stored until he knew what his next post would he. Thus wlien Escobar arrives, he will find little to greet him except the bu.st of San Martin, historic Argentine hero, in the front hali.
Mere's To The Alums .A Tod&y another Homecoming week end will corde to a close. This year a great deal of the ballyhoo is missing', the fraternity men bave been unable to do much decorating becdudd of the naval training program and the shortage of materials, to say nothing of the short-, age of active fraternity men. Yesterday and Friday there was not the welcoming hand at the old houses because many of them have been taken over by the army and the navy and the others are already full of students. In spite of the appearances, the fatuity and the students are very glad to See the alumni come back to the campus. The old faces and the old stories of what the campus was like in days gone by before the war—-before the war of 1914-18 as well as before the war we are fighting now—are all welcome to the regular campus habitues. More than that, however, the many old grads who return are welcome because their return adds to the campus traditions, and also because they bring a definite connection from the. fields of everyday living business, agjicultural, scientific and engineering worlds. The fact that the alumni return to the scenes of their introduction to the fields in which they are working indicates to the,,students here now the alumni’s "respect for those scenes. This respect is appreciated’ by both students and faculty alike. The presence of the alumni creates in we undergraduates a sense of security in the future, just as the fact that there are still undergraduates going to classes every day impress on the alumni a "certain amount of faith in the future. In addition to passing out a word of welcome to the old grads coming back, we want to say that we miss those who were unable to return and to say that we are really sorry they cOuld not come to the Homecoming celebrations this year. Many of them are too busy supervising the construction of cannons, shells and other vital equipment which is needed on the far flung fronts of battle.A great number of those who are not present are on those far flung battle fronts and we want to state in a very humble fashion .. that we sincerely realize and appreciate what they are doing for us. We are proud of the fact that a great many of our did readers here oh the campus are now leading their fellow students into battle for the purpose of keeping us here at home free from fear and want, and for the purpose of keeping our freedom df press and religion. We wi,sh that we could personally welcome each and every alumni and also that we could personally give a word of encouragement to the old grads over seas ; but knowing that to .be impossible we can only say to them collectively, “You are welcdme, we’re glad to see you. Come again whenever you can, and we will always make room for you”.
Russia Edges Balkans Something' has happened regai'ding those two-fisted Yugoslavs, and the question of Allied recognition. Tivd' week.s ago, a spokesman of the War Department said that Allied gun-runfting up the Adriatic to guerillas in Yugoslavia would be in favor of the “Patriot” forces of Mikhailov.itch, since lie was the Brit-ish-recognized leader of Yugoslav forces, and the Minister of War in the Cabinet of the government-in-exile. But today, the chief fighting is being done by the Russian-supported “Partisan’’ forces of “Drug Tito”. An AP staff writer, Daniel De Luce, was sent to the headquarters: of the Partisans to cover the war, and Partisan headquarters have been set up in London as well. „ Tito is a Croat :who volunteered with the Spanish Loyalists and distinguished himself in the battle of Barcelona. Later he studied in Russia, presumably in the Comintern School. When the Germans attacked Yugoslavia, he organized the Partisans, and later offered to put his forces under the command of Gen. Draja Mikhailoyitch, but the latter refused. Whether it is the military feats of the Tito forces, or the politifal pressure of Mosebw which has caused the switch, it is apparent that the Communist-led forces are now getting recognitiofi. The British are still clinging to young King Peter, but there are many ■ straws in the-wind that the pro-Russian Yugoslavs will never let a King come back to the throne and that Russia will dominate the “Southern Slavs” of the Balkans.
GRIN
ffiARtr
ii,
-liilliS'
© 1P43. CJiiCflKfi Ti
‘DusKu'k, I’m Shocked. If you had ASKED us for the $50,000, we’d certainly have.given it to you.”
9rL JhsL
the solo part of the anthem “The Lord is Gracious” by Ward. The service is to be . broadcast over WASK.
University Presbyterian Church North .Street, Near Grant Rev. John W. Findley, Minister ,9.-JO—-Student Class led by Dr. G. H. Graves. 10:30—Morning- worship; music furnished by the choir will include “Jesus, Pri(^less Treasure” by Bach; .5:00—The Sunday Evening Fellowship will meet for supper, recreation and a program.
St. Mary’s Catholic Church 12th and Columbia Rev. Edward Holland, Student Pastor G:,30, 8:00,.9;.30, 11:00—Mass. 3:00-5:45 and after 7:15 on Saturday—Confessions.
: Hillei Foundation 116 Sheetz Street Rabbi M. H. Simon 10:30—Services will be held at Fowler Hall. 5:00—Supper seminar. St. John’s Episcopal Church Sixth and Ferry Rev. It. F. Thornton, Rector 8:00 a. m.,^Holy Communion. 10:45—Morning prayer and sermon. Mr. Thornton’s topic.is to be “The Place Where Thine Honor Dwelleth.” In commemoration of Navy Day, the choir will sing the hymn, “Eternal Father Strong to Save.” Richard Stanfield will sing
Wesley Foundation Corner State and Sheetz Streets Rev. E. R. Balsloy, Minister 9:30-Sunday School. 10:40—Morning Worship will be held at the First Methodist Church. Dr. Otto Scott Steele will speak about “The Church and Civilization.” 5:15—Fellowship supper will be served at 20 cents a plate. G:15—An informal “sopg fest” in the Lounge. 7:15—Farewell candlelight worship service. There will be no Church School or Wesley Vespers next Sunday because -of vacations and furloughs.
PeirBOnnel Notes ■ ■ ^ ^ :.■■■■■ : Complies scheduled to visit the campuh: ■ *'Spe;rify Products, Inc., Hobsken, N. J,—’October'26. Interested in ME,.EE. General Aniline & Film Corporation, Easton, Pennsylvania—October 26. Interested in B.S., Ph.D. Chemists., Shell Development Co., Emei’yville. Cal.—October ’25. interested in Physical Chemists, Ch.Ei. Hamilton Standard Propellers, Division *of United'Aircraft Corp;, E., Hartford, Conn.^—To be ahnounced. Jnterested in M.E., A.E., E.E., c.e: Merck And Co., Rahway, N. J.— November 11. Interested in Ch.E., Chemists, (B.S., M.S;, PhiD.) E. I. duPont de Nemours & Co., Richmond, Va.—Monday, October 26. Interested in Ph.D. chemists (physical, inorganic, analytical); also Ph.D. chemical engineers. Allis-Chalmers Mfg. Co., Milwaukee, Wis,-i-OCtober2'5; Interested in E.E., M.E., P.S.E. SLA. ]^. Laboratories, Columbia University, Division of War Research, New York—October 25. Interested in Ch.E., M.E., E.E.; B.S., M. S. and Ph.D. chemists. Douglas Aircraft Company, Inc., El Segundo, Calif.—October 25 and 26. Interested in A.E., M.E., C.E., E.E.-,'" Lockheed-Vega Aircraft Corporation, Burbank, Calif.—-Ndvember 15. Interested in M.E., A.E., E.E., C.E. Interchemical Corporation, The Research 'Laboratoriesi, Ne-w York, N. Y.—October 27. Interested in B.S., M.S., Ph.D. chemists (organic, physical), and physicists. ■ . Monsanto Chemical Company, St. Louis, Mo.—-November 5. Interested in M.S., Ph.D. chemists (organic and physical); M.S., Ph.D,, Ch.E. The Lukas-Harold Corporation, Indianapolis, Ind.—To be announced. Interested in M.S., E.E. Union Oil of California, Los Angeles, Calif.—To be announced. Interested in Ph.D. chemists, B.S., M. S., Ph.D. chemical engineers. The Texas Company,, New York, N. Y.—To be announced. Interested in Ch.E., M.E., B.S. chemists (male and female); M.S., Ph.D. chemists (organic, physical).
P/es. _ „ Sarvey Of Faculty i i ■ •A'y '■■■v'' ’ - ■■—' , In order to get a hew and complete record of all faculty members, officers and" employees who have resigned or have been granted leave of absence to go into, the armed services, government work or industrial work. President Elliott has' Sent to heads of ^ll schools, departments and offices on the campus a letter asking that each department head send in thA names of those staff, members in'vplved in sVeh changes since T939. An unusually large number of staJf membei’s have left the campus in the last two and one-half years fot special wap duties, many of them on leave, but many of them also having resigned. National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics, Langley Field, Hampton, Va.—^Interested in A.E.,’ 'M.E;, C.E. Ethyl Corporation, Detroit, Mieb-jgan-^Interestedun M.E. riot subject to military service. Sign by October 27. ' ' '/
Holy Trinity Lutheran Church 610 North Ninth Street Lafayette 7:30 p. m.—A party entitled “Halloween Hair-raiser” is to be given by the Lutheran students.
Merry-Go-Round
Senators are giving credit to fearless Senator Ralph Brewster of Maine for his non-political expose of fellow Republican Lodge’s political partisanship in regard to Siberian bases. . , . It is significant that Kentucky’s Happy Chandler, alleged Democrat, sat be.side Republican leader Charley McNary during his criticism of the Administration’s Southwest Pacific sti'ategy. . . . John H. Perry, the Florida publisher, is reported heading a movement to “Permit Lupescu to enter the U. S. A.” with her royal husband. . . . Almost every American who has visited Mexico pays ti-ibute to the quiet, patriotic manner in which both King Carol and his now wife are conducting themselves. Anti-Nazi Carol has given up any idea of returning to his throne, but is doing his best from the sidelines to promote trouble for the Nazis inside Rumania. . . . One of the toughest, most thankless jobs in the Army is 'that performed by the boys still mai'ooned in Iceland. Taken there even before Pearl Harboi-, they have little leave, little recreation, lots ol fog. . . . Senators on the Judiciary Committee who oppose the Poll Tax Bill are: Democrats, Hatch of New Mexico, Connally of Texas, O’Mahoney of Wyoming, Chandler of Kentucky, Andrews of Florida and Wheeler of Montana; Republiean.s, Austin of Ver-
mont, Revereomh of West Virginia.
(Copyright, 1943, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
These companies are not scheduled to visit the campus; however, they are interested in students for. employment: SKF Industries, Inc., Philadelphia, Pa.—Interested in M.E. with railroad option. Sign in Personnel Office by Wednesday, October 27. Bausch & Lomb Optical Co., Rochester, N. Y.—Interested in M.E., Ch.E., Physicists. Sign by Oct. 27.
MAKE MILLER'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS Records (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest hits) Instruments and Accessories Instrument Repairing
lack OftKIE
Gesar ROMERO-Carole LANDIS S. Z. Sakall • Cornel Wilde WOODY HERMAN and his ORCHESTRA .
Directed by John Brohm
Produced by Williom' le Baron Screen Way by E. Edwin Moron and Jack Jevna onct lynn Storting,• Slory by Arlliut Kobe:/
MARS'f«‘»f^ •? Ti'i/Yif ^ i>fS r-
/ ^ Army^^ Mfivyt Max^e Niews
V ■
, M5;irr!r nxjf^ti-pt^'r'xnjrt: 4*49n«^ pj «4w *
rt
^ 24f 1943 ^iiitrtVli1l1i£k.ititilfiiiiifti.iiMMif I iiifuMiiwiiinii.ii
For Serpice Men^ By Serrioe Men
Pnge S
m K -IK
'“X 1
Qkai^s Pue To Navy CotU'sos
■i a -S. W i
Revision Of Cataipgu^ 'Schifedtiflies for next semester’s classes are now available at ’’s bffiee IK '^e flkecutive Building, althoilgh ,thd Ifttettet avaftable wilj, probably not be enough to allow general distribution. However, copies will be available fOr use in the Office arid Office;^ Of the schools Of instruction, ' th^af^thfe riht4jority of next semester’s classes wjA'tfe’^tiVori^iiwder the riav^ „,.,.,ii,...-. Ooui^es’ ab listed 2+s dO^igriatioriS.' Fob ^^rAEN~WmrTunneT"^ Laboratoiy 1+6 ttt^*‘6oiilbfehMC0‘-’‘'of sl^udents 21--AnN-mtal ProtitiSsing (Bee Gen r ljn;?r ) 1+b wHo ln^ifeh'tb^Wan their ^fehod- applied mechanics
alteaftiWWiiWeHlheiBiaH- ■“*" iA^''oiP*yH‘ hA'Ty^dfelgigiiAMoft's are
h^k-ei ’
Sftliljt kitWion
^Wi’lwnses listed heie con-
stifiilfee a'WiaJw revision of the cata-
for (OiVihan students, and
tjisrisfoifieall eOlitses are given With theh? Vtdtie. The first number desb •^2 ^^ates'’ the riumbei of lecitation ^li&i'lhds aVid the second number the
length of'l&bbratoiy time
^ Ih VtikhV cdseh twp 01 thiee foi ttiei? ctVfhah <lo'arseg will bfe equivalent tb or thifee naVy courses, a’lthongh the individual courses may fi^'UbtriciSle exsibtly. At the presetpt fitne, hecordmg to Prof G W ^h^rbian, head of the schedules ^thnfhtJtee, iapproximntely 15 navy ethiUsh'^ diieetly parallel civilian
while a majority contain
^"he^satne Tnaterial in a moie con
^Wsfed form 1
AlgWOJtAtjMCAL ENGINEERING
ar-‘AEK‘-^A«roeynamrqs I
A|||{—u
fabilty Wifi Aftend TlfUtGS
Annual IAS Meeting
12- EEN—D C Machinery and Storage Batteries 1 S K 18—EEN—A 0 Mnnhurery I 4+3 14—EEN—Electiical Design I 1+6 16—EEN^—Electrical Engi Laboratory 2 t 4
ENI^MEH
1—Ij^^Sib^liBh Composition
2—■EN-tEngiieji Composition 4 _qE—TdcTiAicaf Hetlbrt Wbiting
GENfE^AE
Engineering, brawing
2—-DN —-pdadtlptlve "(^^ometry 1—of Ehctiieenwg I
3-fO 0+6 0+b 2+0 1+0 itB
2 1-0
(xEN—Ecoftdtiiics of'Engifteering 11 0— GEN—Ibdusttial Orkaniidtibii
1— Sen—Tfeciinical Report Wiitjhl?
^ (She Enfhsii) V
5—GEN—Contracts and SpecifiraiSbns 2+0 9—MEN—Mbchdhlcal Processes 3-i-O 21—AEE—Metal ProCteSing’ 1+B
HlSTQfiY ^
1— HX—Hiiloncbl BacEgiound of the .Present World War I 2+0 2— UN—Hilloribii! Bdckktbund clt the \ PreSLht World War II 2 1-0 NN—Ngval History and Elementary *'■• ■ 3-tO
Statics ■
2— AN —Analytical Mecnanios-
Dynamiob
3— CEN—Strength of Materials
BIOLOGY
1— BN—General Biology 2 BN General Biology 3— BN—General Embryology
4— BN—Comparative Ahatomy
CHEMISTRY
1 CN—General Chemistry la—ON—General Chemistiy 2 —CN—General Chemistry CN—General Chemistry CN Quantitative Analysis
4 CN—Oigantc Chemistry 1 6 CN Organic Chemistiy 11 6 CN Engineer mg Materials
CIMI ENGINEERING 1 CLN—Plane Surveying 2— CEN Geodetic Surveying
-CEN
-CEN--GEN-
CIN
2+0 3+0 3+0 2 1-0 2+6 3+b 8+6 3-1 S 3+3 2+6 3+0 2+6 2-1 6 2+6 3+3 1+0
5H 6(’)
Stiength of Materi ils I ah I 1 f-B
3+0 3-1 0 3+<i v+0 44-0 3 ( 0
, H r
-Airplane pesign Piictice II 1-| 6
-A®—Ahplalie Structuyes II ^—ABN—Ap craft Mptccials and
FritteSes
3—>AEH—Atrplang Design Fraclic
IS
pyppellera
AEn—Aiy^rnft Components AEn—AV^iiijed Aerodynamics ApN^—^Elementary Vlbratiin and
\ s EMter
AEN—VlbrRtioh and Dynamic i4—AeN —^^Jypfane Static Test —AEN—^l|hgnisni and Machine iB—XiSH—^rC) gft Power Plants 17'——4{royaf(. Epglpe Design
STRAUSS SA^S:
Strength (f Mater Lab la
riuid Mechanics
Structures I—Struct Anal Sti ucturos 11 Reinforced
Conciete
0 CLN Struetures HI—Elem
Sti ucl Design
10— CrN—Ciuves and EaithWork 11— CEN Stiuctures IV—Cjncrete
Struct & Poun lations
12— Cl N StiuctUies V Ad\ Struct
Steel Design
13— CEN—S mitarv Engineering
11—CEN Wat r Supply 15 CEN—Soil Mechanics 1(—CEN Aiiport Design
17 CLN—Highway Fng iieering
PCONOMICS
1—BAN PnncipUs of Economics I 2 BAN—Principles of Economics H 3 BAN—Mono and Banking 4—BAN liansportation
V—BAN Accounting I
6—BAN Accounting H
"—BAN—Statistics
ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING 1 FFN Elictrieity and Magnetism 1 LEN—Electiie aid Magnetic
Ciicults -I
4—EFN—Electric and Magnetic
Ciieuits H
TEN—riectron Tubes and Ciicts I
6—EEN—Electron Tubes and Circts H 3+3 5 i EEN Flectron Tubes and Circts la l-t-3 2+0 6a EEN—Electron Tubes & Circts Ha l-fS 1- i-3 0 IhN—Elcctiieal Miasurcments 3-|-6
Ifl ELN EF I DC Apparatus and
2- 1 ( Circuits 3+3 3- 1 0 11 —EEN—EL H AC App iratus and 1 l-h Circuits 3+3
14 0 2+3 4+6 4-1 6 4+6 2 I 3 3+6 3+6 2+3 2+3 2 + 3 2+3 2-1 3 3+0 3+0 3+0 3+0 34 0 3+0 3+0
3d 0 2-1 0 3d 0 2+0
3+6 1 + 3
A Catalog of Nafvdf Officers' Uniforms and Insigrua on request
Sti-ategy
MATHEMATICS
1— ^MN—MatKeWlatical Analysis I 2— —M4tJietnatical Analysis II 3— MN—Miltheniaifcdl Analysis HI 4— MN—MaiheThatlcal AVialyfiis TV
5— MN—^Iciilus T 0— MN—Caiculbs tl
1— iMN—Calculus III Diff Equations
MEC^fANICAL, EIVTOINEER^NG X—MTN—Kinematics . , 3— Hfcat ToWfeV I ^
la
4— MEN Thjcrm9fl!yriarnics I 4a—MEN—Th<.<*modyhamjcs la - MFN—Mkchih6 De&to 8 MtlN MecViaitics of Machinery 9—MEN—Mechanical Tfoctsses (see Gen Engl ) 11— MEN—Mt-at PotVer II Internal Combustion Engines 12— MEN Heat Po’0<rer III—Stealrt
PU^or
13— MEN RefTiget‘ation 14 MEN—Aerodynamics
1^—MEN-—ll^Iechnnicnl Design I
—MEN—Mechanical pcsi^n II _ . 17—Men Metklhirg\ ^bco Met Engr ) 2 F3
metallurgical ENGikEBiRING
1 MEN Metalliiigy
MODERN—rOREIGN I ANG^jAGES 14 I NG—Modern Eortign Languages
—Gdrmfan 1 TV
1 4—LNF—Modem Foreign Languages
Fiencli I IV
1 4—LlsS Modern Foreign Languages
Spanish I IV
NAVAL ORGANIZATION HISTORY
1— -NN Naval Organization I 2— NN Naval Organization II
3— NN Naval History and Elemental y
Strategy (see HiSt ) PHYSICAL 1 RAINING
PEMN—Physic il Prep^ircdness
PHYSICS
1 PHN Geneial Physics 2—PHN—()l(neial Physics PSYCHOLOGY 1— PSN—General Psychology 2— PSN Psychology—Abnormal 3-1-0 Bottum, Bauman, Goble
, D. C.
Piof J C Bottum and Pi of E H Bauman of the agiicultuial eco nomics depaitment, and Miss Eva Goble, home management specialist of the division of home economics extension, have been in Washington, D C , since Monday, and le turned Friday fiom the annual economic outlook meetings Bottum and Bauman have had piimaiy lesponsibility in the piep-
8d b 6+0 6 1-0 6+0 4d 0 4+0 6+t) 1+3 3+6 34 3 548 3+0 21-3 2+3
3 1-6 3+6 2 1-3 2+3 2 1-3 2+3
2 t-3
3+0 3+0
3+0
1+0 14 0
o+$
4+2 4+2
Univernty (Contltfihsil'^bht page 1) a meeting {fiate6 lor all Utiiveisity educational activities ih Indianapolis, and will be equipped loi sound movies No ipimedlate plans have beem made fox the use of the gymnasium and swimming pool Foi the present, some of the wai tiaming classes will continue to meet in the piesent headquaiters at 538 Noith Meridian However, the classes Which have been meeting in the Plaza building, 663 Noith Pennsylvania, and in vaiious high schools thioughout the city will move to the new location War training classes will continue to be offered at vaiiouS plants for the convenience of employees of those companies 600 War Workers Enrolled Now Mere than 600 War woikers are currently eni oiled in 35 classes in the city Under this progiam a wide variety of tuition-free couises aie offered in vaiious branches of engineering, science and management During the past yeai, neaily 5,000 students weie eni oiled in 165 classes The Division of Technical Institutes, which offers a permanent and complete piogiam of technical tiaimng, opened here Septembei 21 with seven sections, including two day time classes The classes now in opeiation include fundamentals of technical calculations, industiial production, industrial terminology, and technical chemistiy University officials feel that the new headquarters, which is located on a mam aitery of tiaffic and convenient to the downtown area, yet out of the congested section, will piove to be an ideal location for the new center Built appioximately 30 yeais ago as a club, the building can easily be adapted to meet the lequuements of a school centei aiation of the “Outlook for Indiana Agiicultuie in 1944,” a bulletin published annually by the Extension Depaitment This bulletin will be off the pi ess eaily m December The outlook confeience in Washington IS held each yeai as a preliminaiy to the widespread dissemination of agiicultural outlook infoimation in each state
Twenty foui membeis of the UniVdrsity faculty aie scheduled to take pait m the piogram at the annual meeting of the Indiana Academy of Science which will be held at Blitlei Univeisity Thursday fo Satmday Pi of C L Portei of the biology depaitment, is vice president «f the organization this year A T Guaid of the botany department and R M Cable of the zoology depaitment ai e among the ex officio members serving on the progiam committee The divisions of the program and the Univeisity faculty membeis who will take pait in them are as follows botany, A T Guaid, R E Giiton, C L Porter, W R Mullison and Dorothy Scott, chemistry, E F Degeiing and F J Allen, mathematics, L Alaoglu, J Giese, M Golomb, J W T Young and W L Ayies, psychology, H H Rummers and Q W File, zoology, R M Cable, D E Stulken, W A Hiestand, G E Gould, J L Noland, B E Montgomery, Doicas J Andeison and P G Seitnei Venemann Publishes Series Of Articles Piofessoi H G Venemann of the Aeronautical Engineeimg School has wiitten anothei aiticle in the senes which is appealing in the Octobei issue of Ice and Refngev ation The aiticle was the second which has beep published on the subject of “Instiuctious foi the Opeiation and Maintenance of Refiigeiating Plants”, the fiist appealing in the Septembei issue of the afoiementioned publication An accurate analysis of the cycle and answeis to many questions concerning maintenance weie discussed in the ar-
ticle
In the May issue of Ice'‘and Refiigeration, Piof Venemann began his senes of topics and they will continue duiing 1943 and will possibly last thiough next yeai Alumni .Club Hears I) ' Talk By Guy Mackey Guy “Red” Mackey, Puidue athletic diiectoi, accompanied by E B Baugh, alumni secietaiy, journeyed to Teiie Haute Thuisday night to speak befoie the Wabash Valley Purdue Alumni Club In addition to his discussion of the wai time piogiam of physical education and athletics being conducted at Purdue, Mackey seived as commentatoi foi a showing of motion pictuies of the football game with Gieat Lakes, which opened the Boilermakei season
APPOINTED BY THE NAVY (for this area) to present Unifdt'nis and Outercoats undeFthe Naval Pla'rt—' A direct, straigfit-iine proceidure— (Navy-^-ManttYaeturer—-Retailer) — that insures a standard of Quality and Value that'<no other operation— sifeems to achieve! Military Clothes are presented with a complete understanding of Regulations — with the fullest services—including an Alteration and Fitting Service that can do miracles iri emergencies. s The Military Shop — is on tiie trttkb FLbbR.
For an Enjoyable Treat J/uL lAnimL Qa^sihhioL is the logical place-— with 5 . . . pxpertly prepared food . . . prompt service . . . pleasant atmosphere
Ciinic
(Continued fiom page 11 noted foi its devotion to all things industiial, now adds this new seivice to its otheis in the field ot science and technology To piovide maximitm seivice to industiy, this Univeisity offeis this fee couise to peisonnel and industrial leldtions executives and otheis chaiged with the lesponsibility foi leci’eation foi industiial woikeis National laboi, managiement, and fedeial agencies, with piivate oiganizations aie coopeiating on the
_climc
Spy War Bpnds And Starriips
Features Research tl( ij Foundation House In a lecent issue of the New York Times theie appealed a feature article about the low-cost, high-value house, designed and built by the Housing Reseaich Division of the Research Foundation at the University It discussed the building of this low cost tempoiaiy home foi a wai woikei’s family which has been elected about a mile west of the campus The aitiele tells how a $200 maximum foi fuinifahmgs was piesented as a challenge to the students m the school of home ecomonics Art students undei the dn ection of Miss Ruth Austin, instiuctor in the ait depaitment did all the planning and pin chasing of the furnishings foi the allotted amount Vivid leds, gieens and blues are the chiet colois in the fabiics of slip coveis, drapeiies and scatter mgs Inexpensive unpainted furnituie was painted to fit into the col01 fill decoiative plan The students painted a novel muial deCoi ation in one of the two bunk looms It is a lively peasant pictuie, enlaiged fiom and painted to match the figuies in the cotton diapeiies E. E. Seniors finish Secret Radar Course Twenty seniois in the School of Electiical Engineeimg have lecent ly completed a highly specialized and confidential wai tiaimng couise in ultia high fiequency techniques coveimg the basic pimciples and theoiy of ladai as a means of de tecting enemy planes and subma lines Sponsoied by the United States office of education, the course tiaiiis men foi aimy navy and ma line communications, electionic leplacement and goveinment lesearch and development Prof Robeit Siskind of the Elec tiical Engineeimg School taught the course coveimg such topics as pow ei lectification, cathode lay tubes, demodulation, geneiators, antennas and ail ays He was assisted by R C Webb and P M Seal R. B. Sfewarf, Controller, Speaks To Kiwanis Club Mam speakei at the Lafayette Kiwanis club Thui sday noon at Lin coin Lodge was Contiollei R B Stewait of the Univeisity who dis cussed scientific woik the colleges and univeisities aie doing foi the
wai effoit
Stewait emphasized the impoi tance of the 600 million dollai pio giam that the government has in aiiguiated to tiain men in the aimed seivices As contiollei of the Univeisity, Mi Stewait told many exjteiiences duimg the last thiee yeais in handling fiscal mat teis of the Ainiy and Navy con tiacts with institutions Next week’s meeting of Kiwanis, to which women aie to be invited, will be held Thuisday evening at 6 30 at Lincoln Lodge Di L M Seals of the histoiy depaitment will be the pimcipal speakei Foofbali Schedule Oct 30—^Wisconsin-—There Nov. 6—Minnesota—There Nov. 13—‘Open date Nov. 20—Indiana—There TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
Meet mmt m itmm The Team By Bill Hermann Although Bill Stuart will not be able to play more football iav the Boilermakers, he has been a great benefit to the team for two years Bill, a 6 foot, 185 pound hhlback, entered the University with only two yeais of high school football ex-
WILLIAM STUART Purdue Halfback
1. STRAUSS THE MAN'S STORE INDIANAPOLIS
CO., INC
That’s Our Way—Always Try ft—Won’t You? ^ PjMdm. The Corner of the Campus—Yet the Center of Activities
GOOD DRY CLEAYIMG ... 1 is nathini] tp be sneezed at!
Phone 4081
DELIVERY FREE
Northwestern at Vine Street
peiience While at Hammond High School, he earned two letters for paiticipation in football and three toi playing basketball He also earned a lettei foi high jumping on the tiack team and leceived two letters foi plaj'ing on the golf team Stuait played at the left halfback position where he proved himself to be a veiy capable lunnei, particulaily in the Gieat Lakes tilt with a long lun foi a much needed touchdown m the final peiiod of the game Stuait has leceived his ordeis tiom the navy and will be tiansfeiied to another station He graduated from the School of Public Seivice Engineeimg He is a membei of Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity While playing against Ohio State last week he leceived a broken rib which definitely ended his footbUll caieei with the Boileimakeis
Race Relations Convo Wesley Foundation, Methodist student centei is sponsoiing a “Race Relations Convo ’ Tuesdav evening at 7 30 m the Gieat Hall ot its student centei building, at the coinei ot State and Sheetz streets The speakei Mis David D Jones, IS the wife of the piesident of Bennett College, Gieensboio, North Caiolina one of the outstanding Negio colleges m Amei ca A-ctive Woiker For Negro Cause Foi the past seveial jeai-s, Mrs Jones has been eo chauman of the Committee on Minorities and Racial Coopeiation of the WSCS of the Methodist Chuich She is also a membei oi the Depaitment ot Race Relation of the Fedeial Council of Chinches ot Chiist m Ameiica She has been and is an active worker for moie humanitaiian lelations between the vaiious lacial groups m Amenca and especially toi the cause of the Negio Mis Jones will discuss an underlying issue m the piesent war at Wesley Foundation Tuesday evening Phyllis Bakei, Univeisity coed, will play the violin and the newly oiganized Wesley Octet will sing Lark-Horovitz Will Speak At 7:30 Tomorrow High! Di Kail Laik Horovitz, head of the physics laboi atoiy since 1929, will be the speakei of the evening at Sigma Xi’s second meeting of the season, he will discuss “Biological Applications of Radio-Active Tiaceis” The meeting, which is open to membeis ot the taculty, students and the geneial public, will he held tomoiiow at 7 JO p m. m the auditoiium of the physics building Well known toi his leseaich m election difliactioi}, elect!ihcation ot mtciiacos X lavs ciystal stiuctuies and laclio active elements, Laik Hoiovitz was appointed piotessoi oi phjsics at the University in 1928, he came to the United States liom Vienna in 1925 Buy War BondsPd^i
w
[Boilermaker Sports
T”
SunSdyf Ocidber 24, 1943
Riveter Grid Men WorW Record Lead In Offensive /s Challenged Power In Big Nine In Wall Scaling
Sming 30 points against Ohio State, the Boileiniakeis stiengthened then position as the No 1 offensive team of the Western Conference In two games, the fiist being with Illinois, the Boileimakers have piled up 70 points on a total of 411 yards pei game Typical of the season, the Boileimakeis have made 356 yards i ushing and all Con feience teams with tlie exception of Indiana aie handling moie tiafiic on the giound than in the an While Indiana has only a tie and one defeat to show foi its t'^vo Conference games, it still is the best defensive team The Hoosieis have conceded their opponents only 105 yaids per game and only 46 5 of that by rushing The Hoosiers’ defensive play is on of the suipiising featuies of the Big Ten season Ilhni Rates Second In Offense Illinois with 46 points in two games and a lapidly developing T formation, is second in offense and has made an aveiage of 264 yaids to get 47 points The Illiiii aie almost( entirely a i ushing team with only 24 net yards a game by passing Michigan is thud on offense and second in defense while Pmdue ranks fourth defensively Noithwestein, while tied foi second place in the eaily Confeience standings, is seventh on offense and sixth in defense Since Minnesota will not play its fiist Confeience game until Saturday, Ohio State holds eighth place on both offense and defense In its openei with Puidue, the Buckeyes allowed 367 yaids while making only 62 and that is a gieat change fiom last season vhen Ohio won the Big Ten and national championships Butkovich Continues Scoring Unless Tony Butkovich is detailed very soon he will have the scoiing honors foi the Big Ten well wiapped up befoie the Confeience season is half finished By going foi thiee touchdowns against Ohio State last week, the foimei Illini stai who is now a Boileimakei inci eased his total to seven and 42 points Since Butkovich added thiee moie touch downs in non Confeience play he actually is the leading scoiei of the Middle West Bill Daley of Michigan is the Big Ten’s top i usher with an aveiage of 8 3 yaids foi 26 foi ays into oppo nents’ teintoiy Butkovich is second in rushing with 330 jaids foi an average of 6 8 and has earned the ball 48 times Daley is one ol se\ en players who have scoied 12 points to share lunnei-up honois behind But kovieh Besides Daley theie aie Greenwood, McGovein and Sajna] of Illinois, Kindt of Wisconsin Diman cheff of Puidue and Hoeinschemey ei of Indiana Hoosier Sets Pace In Passes Hoeinschemeyei, the Hoosiei fieshman, leally is setting a blistei ing pace in forwaid passing The Cincinnati youngster has completed 15 out of 34 foi a net gam of 209 yaids or an aveiage ot 104 5 pei game Moie lemaikable is the fact that he has not had a single pass in tercepted Otto Giaham, the Noith western wizaid is finding the lange and with a 400 pei cent aveiage cei tainly will be one oi the Big Ten s best befoie the season is finished Buy War Bonds And Stamps
0 woild’s lecoid'—that’s what will be at stake when the finals of this contest is lun off “This” contest lefers to the coming wall scaling contest which will be launched Novembei 6 Wall scaling oiiginally began in the now famous PE 12 class as pait of the piesciibed couise of study, m an effoit to build up the body Located on the obstacle couise, it pioved the undoing of many of the students who attempted to go ovei It pioduced a feeling closely akin to hate, if not hate itself, while instill ing a spii it of competition which led to its adoption as pait of the annual Puidue Relays, the fiist of which was lun in Apiil, 1943 The lecoid, because no othei event of its kind has evei been peifoimed, became a woild’s lecoid to be challenged by one and all The lecoid holder was Ralph K Mulfoid, who leaped 12 feet, 3 inches The eliminations will begin Novembei 6, lunning until Novembei 9 To be eligible for the semi finals, the student whethei he be navy, maiine Ol aimy, must jump 10 feet, 6 inches, and for the finals, 11 feet The finals will be held duiing the Boxing Show, Novembei 12 in the Pieldhouse Registiation is now open, with the entries being lecoided on the bulletin boaid outside loom 111
E\ery suit with this famous label is scientifically sized and tailored for the junior figure with lithe lines that hold their perfection, with pert pockets and with quality to spare This all wool herringbone 18 one of many styles in our Jaunty Junior department Sizes 9-15
525-
/Is featured in MADEMOISELLE
Exclusive with us
Coats ft Second Floor
WARD KOBE WITH A WAR BONO
Grandstand Echoes By Ray Smith / HOMECOMING TOR lOWANS Yesteiday’s game with Iowa piovided a homecoming foi some of the playeis as well as foi the ahimm, foi Sam VatantS, John Staak, Tony Lehmkuhl and Ait Plint had a chance to see some of then Hawkeye filends These foui maimes weie students at Iowa befoie militgiy officials decided that they would continue then education at the Boileimakei institution Sam is the outstanding membei of the Iowa contingent, hav mg won the fiist stung quaiteiback beith fiom all contendeis Vacmti IS undoubtedly the busiest man on the field, being a line backei-up as well as quaiterback He has pioved his ability as a ball haiidlei as well as a field geneial Staak has been a leplacement foi big Mike Kasap at tackle, while rimt has been a leseive back Lehmkuhl has been seeing action as a second team guaid
Meet The Team By Bill Hermann Keith Paikei, the 206 tb iighl halfback who displayed fine running ability by advancing the ball 66
100 MUCH GRIPING It seems that an epidemic of griping attack the campus following oui victoiy ovei Ohio State last week end, and we feel that this complaining was not wairanted Not only did many students become incensed ovei the cartoon that appealed on the fiont page of the Chicago Tiibune, but many felt that the bioadcast by Bill Stein leaned too much tovaid Ohio State Incidentally, the infoimation on which the caitoon was diawn was obtained by John McCutcheon fiom Red Mackey seveial days befoie the caitoon made appealance While on the subject ol the Chicago Tiibune we would like to make it deal to the student body that the athletic staff has been veiy well pleased with the publicity that has appealed in the Tiibune The thing that both eis the students is that they lesent having the fact that the playeis aie seivice men thiown at them As Mackey said we aie happy that we have these boys playing foi us The coaches have accepted the playeis as the Puidue team, and the playeis have accepted the Puidue team as theirs. Eveiything that has appealed on the spoit pages has been the tiuth, and no one can deny that Let’s quit giiping when the papeis lefei to the team as one of seivice men On the subject of Bill Stein, NBC spoils announcei, let it be said that he has the leputation of being the most impaitial announcei in the busi ness This is necessaiily so oi he would be unable to inaintain the high position he now holds Many comments have been made that all he talked about last Satin day was the Ohio State defense If this is tiue he was not giving an mcoiiect pictuie of the ,„ame for duiiiig the fiist halt of the contest the coloiful pait was the peifoiinance ot the Buckeye team The State squad was woithy of all the tiibute that Stein could have paid them
that line ” He thinks the linets the deciding factoi in thd team’s success After thiee yeais of experieij^e playing for the University of Missouri, Paiker was tiansferred in the Marvine V-12 The blonde blockbuster thinks a lot of the Boilermakei squad, the coaching staff and especially “fted” Mackey It IS easy to see that Keith likes athletics fiom his iinpiessive reeoids made in high school and college He was all state fullback m his senior year at Gillespie High School, Illinois He earned ten letteis four in football, thiee in tiack and thiee in basketball Paikei won the state A A U diving championship and broke a county lecoid in javeline throwing He also lan the hundred yaid dash in the fast time of 10 2 and 101 in consecutive meets At Missouii, Keith was un-
defeated in his freshman year, thi owing the javelin 198 4 feet. In lunning the fifty yaid dash, he was second only to Steuber. Keith’s mteiests are not only m the field of sports but in music also. He IS an accomplished trombone playei, leceiving seveial offers to play foi bands such as Les Brown, Chaihe Fisk and Muggsy Spanierd. On the giidiion, Parker’s success has been stimulated by moie than his love of playing football Speaking of the thiee faithful persons at Gillespie, who can only listen to the games, he said, “My mother and fa-* ther and girl friend are my big incentives.”
'’'ypewnters Adding Tnacnines all makes sold rented repaired and purchased Mimeo ^raph ^ork done C J Ebershoff 606 Mam, i^afayette Phone 2779 Monev to Loan On diamonds watches, guns luggage typewriters Albert b Loan Office 407 Columbia Wanted—Purdue students to work Thurs day and Saturday evenings as waiters Ex perience not necessary Good pay and short hours Elks Club Apply Frink Lenihan Lost—Bi wn gabaidine jacket zipper Call 26 3 Phillips Reward Wanted—Students to wojJl. in Ui ion Cafe t r i Iiiday and Satui \ \^ of this week and after vacation Wanted—Ca goin to PitLburth oi Ne v York Willing to shaic expenses Call 2419 Wanted—Puidue Coed to worl iftornoons i d batur lays in sport.s \scar departmer t A11 b Store 4th md Ma n Lost—Log I og Vector Dccitrig slide rule in Pieldhouse Thursday Name on slide rule and case Wni C Hntt Phone 7295 Re ward
HERE AND IHERP. Coach “Slip” Madigan says that he would like to chanen.,e some of the othei Big Ten coaches to an official wei.,hin„ in of then playeis befoie a game he believes that it would pioduce some inteiesting va lations between the actual weights and those listed on the lobtei Vve want to extend the best wishes ot the student body to Bill Stmit ind Ed Cycenas who move to othei paits of the countiy foi iuithei naval tiainmg Both of these lads have had some bad luck this season with injuiies that have kept them out of ball games We don t know how many moie of the playeis will get oideis to leave the campus but it is likely that ^ev eial will aepait
ei stations
Stiiait a Hammond Ind lad who was a njembei of the Boileimakei
KDP Sunj, piactiCL it 10 p m Si n la> Oclobei 24 at 214 Pierce —JOHNSON Tan Beta Pi Pledges Infoimnl initiation Mon I ly Octobci ^5 t 4 ^0 p m in loom 3(3 of the Unioi Bung boxes and assigned —H\NSEN Seventh Term ME s and AE s It is time for sou to begin having employment inter views Secure the follo^\lng material Irom Ml fa Hacker in the ME Office 1 Interview piocedure sheet 2 Company list 3 Re quest for Interview cards 4 Conhdential Faculty Recommendation” form Watch bulletin board and Exponent for interview notices —BOLZ Sigma Alpha Epsilon Meeting in room 304 every Monday at 7 30 p m All service men on campus please attend —JONES Sigma Alpha Epsilon Meeting in room 304 evoiv Monday it 30 m the Union All S A E seivice men on the campus please att nd —JONES Service Men Any service man wl o in tcred his girls picture in the Beiuty Con t st m ly obtiin the photogrijh in the Ex ponent olliee ton ouow at 1 i m —MARIIRL
Bill Stuait and Ed Cycenas vet eian Rivetei halfbacks, have wound up then scholastic gudaon caieeis at the Univeisity and pos sibly foi the duiation Stuait and Cycenas both of whom weie on the injuied loll and not scheduled foi action against Iowa as the Boileimakeis copped then sixth succe',sive victoiy, aie among the Navy V 12 tiainees who have been oideied to letinn heie Octobei 30 following fuiloughs next week leady to tiansfei to oth
Bee” squad last fall has been an impoitant cog in Coach Elmei Burnhams machine ilteinating with Stan Dubicki at leit hallb ick His 24 yaid touchdown inn against Gieat Lakes piovided one of the liignlights of the Boileimakei vie
toiy
Cycenas, a Boileimakei majoi letteiman fiom Tilden lech Chi c igo 111 was just beginning to loiind into shape aftei being out ot action all season due to a knee injuiy
KEITH PARKER Purdue Halfback
jaido in two plays which staited the gieat Boileimakei attack modestly said, “It s a pleasuie pi lying behind
n IV 10 iO 1)1 Sm 1 r mo 11 00 r r 1 S c ulOKi- I lol or Hill 11 0 P rlut Nc\ b 11 N w 1 00 lainiloi m 1 30 Meet the Pai d W Nt s 1 00 T^om mi] CIS Clul I lu-M c II Pn t Foium 11 M irl ot 1 N cs 00 StdV T Div 1 11 ly St 11 Pan Ic 2 SO AI L 2 1 I ho J b Rc Ol toi Hcl n Sny let X 1 00 AI rv I K t j Ol t 1 1 in t 1 1 —Aftoi o I Mclo I c i W 1 V I ! s K w 1 00 1 r lun „ 1 !) T t R 1 i\
n
I UI ■'I rr It Wu i Vc PCI Sj Ol t Re o V Miniitc f 1 l ycr D Cl H 11 N \ a 1 Ic W n 1 T c on AI 0 H tl 1 M lo
When you hang up your suit at night, a few licks with a clothesbrush will remove fibrechafing gnt and dust. This conserves clothes by protecting them between drycleanmgs.
S 11 B ol m T 8 1 Mu ic 8 30— Vo 0 r the Ai mj ^ I T it Ic L hoes 8 Ns
) 30
1 (IT Ar V Ihii g But Swing Nc V Off tl c \ i
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
Sonja Heinie’s twinkling toes lend enchantment to “Wintertime,” the dazzling new 20th Century-Fox musical extravaganza which is now plaj mg at the MARS Theatre Producer Le Baron has surrounded Sonja with talent galoie, including Jack Oakie, C^ar Romero and Carole Landis and Woody Herman and his top flight band
%
xf
ol'’ 0
Y)ur Daily Paper "V • Aou light up a cigarette, unfold your newspaper and the news of the world unfolds before your eyes. You depend on the printed word to keep you up to the minute on everything that counts. And smokers depend on Chesterfield for everything that counts in a cigarette. Their Right Combination of the world’s best cigarette tobaccos makes them Milder, Cooler-Smoking and far Better-Tasting. Make your next pack Chesterfield and see how really goodix cigarette can be.
CofSpight 1943, liOGBiT & Mvsm Tobacco Co