(*■%
t.
L Ohio St., 29 1^ N. D„ 25; NVestern, 6 Iowa U., 14; Minn., 33
1^
Established 188»
xfUi^nem ® Who’s Hoernschemever?
Mich., Tfi Wis., 0 G. Lakes, 21; fnd., 7 N. C. U., 9; Penn, 6
Volume 56, No. 77
Purdue Universify, West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, November 14, 1943
Boilermaker Runners Win Cross-Country Title
£. Spicer To Appear In Music Hall Today Graduating from milking cows on a farm to the role of a concert baritone and balladist is the story of Earle Spicer, artist who will appear in the Fourth of the 1943-44 series of lectures and convocations in the Music Hall today. The program will begin at 3 p. m. with doors of the Music Hall opening at 3:30 p. m. ' Raised on a Canadian farm, Spicer first sang in a village choir, later in a college glee ^
club. Since then he has sung before the President of the United States, the GovernorGeneral of Canada, has appeared abroad, in this country and Canada with symphony orchestras, on the radio, and at colleges and universities, as well as before clubs and other organizations. Made S^dy Ballads Spicer has made a study of ballads, and is best known for his ballad singing. He presents a down to earth type of program and believes that people today prefer music that they can readily understand and enjoy without mental effort. His Sjjngs are accompanied by comments on their background. Although Spicer is known best for his ballad singing, he sings opera, oratorio and lieder among
others.
Admission to the convocation will be by season ticket, presentation of receipt of University fees or by reci’eation cards. General admission tickets will be sold for $1.10 including tax. Engineer Staff To Hold Callout At 5 Tuesday Call outs for the Purdue Engineer will be held Tuesday in Room 364 of the Union at 6 p. m. This call out is especially for service men, cadettes and freshmen enrolled in engineering; however all other engineer's interested in learning the mechanics of magazine publication are urged to attend this call out. Workers will be able to become familiar with editorial, business or advertising departments of the Engineer. Also the Purdue Engineer affords a better contact between instructors and students. Opportunities to Learn Those on the editorial staff have an opportunity to write articles and features, learn how the issues are organized and become familiar with printing plant operation and the work of engraving plants. Business staff members are engaged in receiving all money due, paying bills and finding new sources of revenue. The job of distributing the magazine and securing subscriptions is assigned to the circulation staff. Sales Experience Possible All local and national ads are taken care of by the group on the advertising staff. These ads are the main source of revenue for the magazine. Much sales experience can be gained from obtaining these ads. Need Workers Editorial policy of the Purdue Engineer is to bring the best in engineering news and research at the Univei'sity to it's readers. This policy can be continued and strengthened by a large, competent staff. The Engineer is one of a very few college engineering publications, printing monthly; therefore it is necessary that the staff be increased more than ever to maintain a good quality magazine. Dr, H. H. Remmers ... of the Division of Educational Reference and the Division of Education and Applied Psychology has been notified that he has been elected chairman of the psychology section of the Indiana Academy of Science for the year of 1944. Dr. Remmers first organized the phychology section in Indiana and was its first chairman.
Sorority Rush Here With 22 Towngirls; 95 Others Signed Up Twenty-two town girls and 95 out-of-town girls signed up for rush in the registration held Friday and attended informal teas at the sorority houses yesterday, Janet Bahls, president of Pan-Hellenic Council, has announced. Rushees also attended a mass meeting in the Union Friday afternoon at which time the rush chairmen of the various houses and the alumnae advisers were introduced. Mary Jane Doll, who is in charge of rush, explained the rush rules to the coeds and gave them other information such as the type of clothes to wear to the various rush functions. Dean of Women Clare L. Coolidge also advised the rushees as to the attitude they should have towards rush.
0
List of Advisers Alumnae advisers for rush are: Mrs. Lynn Parkinson, Mrs. 0. J. Nori’is and Mrs. G. C. Oderkirk. Rush chairmen of the sororities are: Alpha Chi Omega, Carolyn Hyman and Lois Bowman; Alpha Xi Delta, Betty Young and Barbara'Gregory; Chi Omega, Peggy Porter and Betty Murphy; Delta Gamma, Lois Reiman and Mary Ann Click; Kappa Alpha Theta, Caroline Snyder and Jane Nelson; Kappa Kappa Gamma, Marilyn Demaree and Jean Holtson; Phi Mu, Lorraine Kohler and Sally Van Buskirk; Pi Beta Phi, Marge Libberb and Marilyn Mueller. Lt. Marion R. Carter, Former Football Star, Killed In Plane Crash Lt. Marion Reed Carter of Indianapolis, former Boilermaker 'football and track star who was killed in a plane crash near Roswell, N. M. , last Thursday, is the second member of the 1941 Boilermaker gridiron combination who has lost his life in the service recently. Lt. Carter, who was better known hs “Red” -Carter on this campus, won major letters in football in 1940 and 1941, and a major letter in track in 1941. He withdrew from school at the end of the fall term in 1941 in order to enlist in the Army Air Forces and following training as a navigator was commissioned a lieutenant. He was a brother of Jim Carter, who won fame as one of the “touchdown twins" for the Boilermakers in the early ’30’s. Sigma Phi Epsilon
social fraternity, announces the pledging of the following men: Robert T. Seith, H. Brown Harri,son. Null M. Hodapp, Eugene D. Crittenden, Marten D. Hecht, Clifton H. Crassly, John R. Nuller, Philip A. Collier, Robert 0. Baker, John H. Bradley, Richard G. Stephens, Edward J. Resor, James A. Tarnow, Jack R. Easley and Arthur Fairman. Sigma Alpha Mu . . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of the following men: Sidney J. Berger, Brooklyn, N. Y.; Harold M. Cohn, Chicago, 111., and Monte Lazarus, Chicago, 111. They also announce the election of Nat Rivkin as alumni recorder and Gerald Kaufman as athletic manager.
Varieties To Feature Art Kassel Announcement was made yesterday by the Victory Varieties committee of the appearance of the fifth Victory Varieties, which will be held on Thanksgiving day, November 26, at 8 p. m. in the Music Hall. Featured on the program will be Art Kassel and his Kassels in the Air, well-known orchestra which is now closing its ninth engagement at the Bismark Hotel in Chicago. One of America’s best-known negro quartets, the Vagabonds, will appear also. They are featured daily on various radio programs. Will Include Other Acts The show will include Joy Addrienne and Hank, due who work with the audience; the Four Franks, dancing act; Ada Lynne, Hollywood impressionist, singer and dancer, and Hubert Dyer and company, comedy novelty act. The committee members responsible for bringing Victory Varieties to the campus are L. M. Vallely, manager of the Union and chairman of the committee; J. W. Ditamore, manager of the Hall of Music and in charge of staging the show; A1 P. Stewart, director of musical organizations and in charge of talent, and J. M. Ragains, assistant choral director and in charge of business. 'The Passion Play' To Appear Dec. 2-3 In The Music Hall Advance mail orders for the world’s oldest stage production, “The Passion Play,” are now being accepted at the Fowler Hotel headquarters. The two performances for the general public and the University student body and staff will be held Thursday and Friday, December 2-3, at 7:30 p. m. Arrangements have been completed for three performances of the Black Hills Passion Play, including a matinee primarily for school childi-en on Thursday aftei'noon, December 2, at 2 o’clock, it was announced by Professor J. T. Gunn, chairman of the committee on lectures and convocations, which is sponsoring the premier showing of the world-famous religious drama here. Ticket Orders Being Taken Advance mail orders for all performances are in charge of Mrs. Robert W. Burger, representing the University convocations committee, and Nellie S. Cochran, advance representative of the dramatic organization. Tickets for the general public for evening performances will be priced at $1.65 for seats in reserved sections and $1.10 for general admission, while University students will be admitted to any performance at the special rate of 60 cents. The Black Hills Passion Play had its origin in Luenen, Westphalia, a province of old Germany, in 1242. It was first given by the monks of the Cappenberg Monastery and was later handed over to the laity for interpretation. It was given annually until 1932 when, because of religious persecution in Germany, the age-old drama started on a world tour. Family Carries on Role Josef Meier, world-famous portrayer of the Christus, is the seventh generation of his family to carry this role. A member of the Meier family has portrayed the Christus for 200 years. Lambda Chi Alpha . . . announces the recent election of the \following new officers: Conrad Gaunt, president; Leslie Baumgartner, vice president; Mario Pagliarulo, trea-surer, and Allen West, pledge trainer.
Executive Committee Grants Only One Day For Christmas Penalty Days Brought Back For Semester Vacations; In Force Before, After Christmas, Thanksgiving Day University Executive Committee voted yesterday that there should be no vacation granted for Thanksgiving and New Year’s holidays. This change in schedule was due to the Army, Navy and Marine training programs being presented here, according to F. C. Hockema, Executive Dean. It was announced by the commandant. Colonel D. M. Beere, that all service men must at-
War Fund Drive To End Friday; Students, Staff May Still Pledge With contributions for the Community Fund and War Fund totaling $11,380.85 from University faculty and staff members and $266.80 from student organizations as of Friday, plans are being made to wind up the drive. Prof. C. W. Beese, head of faculty and staff donations, urges that all staff members who have not yet turned in their pledge cards to the president’s office —
do so as soon as possible. Since student organizations
have not yet reached their quota of $400, those organizations who still wish to conti’ibute may do so in the Student Union office after 4 p. m. any day this week, John Wooling, president of Union, has announced. Organizations which have already turned
in their donations are as follows:
Fi’aternities: Acacia—$25.00.
Alpha Sigma Phi—$10.00.
Alpha Tau Omega, Phi Sigma in a 16-weeks study in preparation
Keg ley Presents 187 Naval Electricians With Certificates The fifteenth graduation exercises for the electricians of the Naval Training School were held last Thursday for 187 men. These ceremonies, which were held in Fowler Hall at 7 o’clock, terminated
Kappa—$5.00. Beta Sigma Psi—$3.60. Beta Theta Pi—$13.00. Delta Upsilon—$10.00.,j Delta Tau Delta—$10.00. Hhi Delta Theta—$15.00. Pi Kappa Phi—$10.00. Sigma Nu—$7.20. Sororities Alpha Chi Om'ega—$26.00. Alpha Xi Delta—$10.00. Chi Omega—$10.00. Delta Gamma—$5.00. Kappa Alpha Theta—$6.50. Kappa Kappa Gamma-^$10.00. Phi Mu—$1.60. Pi Beta Phi—$10.00. Pan-Hellenic Council—$26.00. Women’s Residence Halls donated $50.00, while the Purdue Women’s Club contributed $26.00 and
for advanced training on sea duty. The graduation certificates were presented by Lt. Commander Kegley, acting Commanding Officer of the NTS, to the sailors and in addition he delivered a short gradua-
tion speech to the men.
Nineteen of the graduates received new ratings while the rest of the 187 men will be advanced in rank upon arrival at their next sta-
tion or soon thereafter.
The highest average in the class was attained by William S. Gordon of Philadelphia, Pa. His composite grade of 97 rated him a special award. Averette R. Jenkins of Long Beach, N. Y., received honor in that he was selected as “the most deserving” of those completing training. This means that he overcame
the officers of the naval training the greatest number of obstacles in unit gave $56.00. attaining the training which fesult(See WAR FUND, page 4) ed in his graduation.
Boilermakers To Aim For Old Oaken Bucket
With bright and shiny prospects for returning the Old Oaken Bucket to its rightful domain for the first time in three years, fans of the 1943 edition of the Boilermaker elevens aie once again shaking the mothballs out of their “Beat lU” cheers and preparing for a Riveter victory. ^ After last year’s decisive defeat of 20-0, the Boilermakers are more than ever determined to secure revenge. This Saturday being an open date, the squad, under the able direction of Coach Elmer Burnham, will have ample time to iron out any weak spots and recover from any bruises or injuiies. Most Exciting Event Of all the contests of the season it is always the Indiana game that excites the most interest, both on the squad and among the students and fans. Although so far this year the Boilermakers are undefeated and untied, there is something about the winning of the Indiana game which makes it the game of the season. 'As the score stands, there are 10 P’s, 6 lU’s and 2IP’s forged on the chain adorning the Old Oaken Bucket, symbolizing ten Riveter victories, six Iloosior wins and two
ties. In order to secui’e some small measure of revenge for the previous three years’ ignominious defeats, this year’s student body is expected to be solidly behind the team. Realizing, of course, the fallacy of being too confident and cocksui'e, ijs were the 1934 team and fans when the heavily underdog Hoosier squad overcame the Boilermaker powerhouse for the outstanding upset of the year, nevertheless this season’s Riveter fans will be out yelling foi—and with every right, expecting—a decisive Riveter victory at Bloomington on November
20th.
School Officials To Study Problems “The Effects of Pait Time Employment on. the High School Student” will be the theme of a twoday conference which will be held beginning at 9:30 a. m. today in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union, according to Professor G. E. Davis of the education and psychology department.
tend classes during these days. Since the service men must attend, the executive committee stresses the obligation of all civilian student to be present
also.
Penalty days before and after these vacations were also announced. For Thanksgiving, the day before, Wednesday, November 24, the holiday itself and the day after were designated. Penalty days for New Years will be December 31, New Year’s day and the following Monday. A one-day vacation will be given for Christmas, but the day befoi'e and the Monday following will be penalty days. A student who is absent from a class on any of the aforementioned penalty days, according to University regulations, will be assessed a fee of $6 for each day or fraction thereof missed. Coeds Promote Exponent Sales To Service Men Service men’s Exponent subscription drive will get under way tomorrow and Tuesday evening with lovely coeds besieging the service men at the halls and chow lines. It will be hard for service men to refuse a subscription for free copies will be distributed at this time for added enticement. These will acquaint new sei'vice men with the make-up of the paper. Any service man who really wants to be “in the know” during his stay on the campus can’t afford to be without a copy of the Exponent. Here is where you find news of all dances and activities on the campus. Furthermore, the service men have their own page, written by the service men on the campus and open for contributions and comments by the service men at all
times.
Easy Payments Subscriptions for 12 week periods are 96 cents and for a 16 week period, $1.25. Subscriptions for other periods of time can also be arranged. Full payments may be made at this time; however, if “penny” banks are empty and all available hardwaie is at the neaiest pawn shop, just relax, for complete payments may bd made on pay day. Don’t miss the coeds tomoiiow and Tuesday evenings, your free copy of the Exponent, oi the chance to make a worthwhile investment. Delinquency Group Meets Here Tuesday A steeling committee of persons interested in juvenile delinquency will meet Tuesday with Dr. Cliffoul Shaw,' director of the Illinois Foundation of Research on Dehnciuency, to discuss the delinquency problem and outline plans for a conference at the Univeisity later this month. The steering committee includes Judge W. Lynn Parkinson, policeman Alt Eveisole of Lafayette, Di. George Davis and others from the University,'^ lepresentatives of Indiana PTA, State Board of Health, Indiana Fedeiation of Clubs, state welfare officials, public school officials and others concerned with the delinquency problem.
Indiana Runner-up; Ericsson, Mannfeld Lead Field At Finish By Ray Smith Chicago, III., Special.—Led by Eddie EricsKSon and Bob Mannfeld, the Boilermaker cross-country team annexed it,s second Western Conference championship in three years yesteiday as they won the five team conference meet in Wa‘-hiiigton Park by a wide maigin The Riveters, with 26 points, were followed in the final standings by the defending champions, Indiana, who had a total of 7.5 points. The Iowa Hawkeyes followed the Hoosiers closely with 76 points, while Ohio State and Wiscon'in were far out of the running with 83 and 89 points, respectively. Ericsson, Mannfeld Cross Ericsson and Mannfeld were the fiist to cross the final line in that oi'der. Burt Peterson was the third Riveter to fini.^-h. being sixth among all runners. Joe Kennedy was eighth in the standings, while Bill Biele ci'ossed the line in ninth place. This season the team advanced fiom third in the standing to first. Purduettes Dance, Sing At Indiana State Convention Purduettes, twelve coeds who have been coached by A1 Stewart, director of musical oiganizations, to perform befoie various state groups, made their second public appearance Thursday when they appeared as part of the program at the state convention of the Indiana Association of Small Loan Companies, which Was held in Indianapolis. The girls weie accompanied to Indianapolis by Stewait, Mrs. Clarice Kilmer, secretary in the musical organizations office, Dorothy Martin, new pianist for the group, and Fred Bauchwitz, student technician for the Music Hall. The coeds gave a program of popular numbers with several of them taking solo parts during the program. Lucille Nitsche, one of the two dancers in the group, presented a Mexican hat dance. The girls appeared in new foiraals. Members of the group are .Jean Ciane, Jean Bacon, Betty Glass, Muriel Hoopei, Wilma Palmer, Betty Wedge, sopranos; and Maiy Lou Hole, Ruth Ralston, Marjorie Zumbtein, Marilyn O’Hara, Lucille Nitsche, Phyllis Undeiwood, altqs. Home Ec Staff Discusses Recent Research Studies At District Conference Home economics teachers attended an area conference yesterday in the Union Building under the direction of Miss Bowes, itinerant teacher tiainei of home economics education heie at the Ihiiversity. Benton, Cass, Can oil, Clinton, t’lppecaiioe, Warien and White counties weie repiesenled at the confer-
ence.
Dean Maiy L Matthews of the school of home economics, was hostess of the meeting Di. Edna Meshke, head of the home economics depaitment at Butler University, and Dr. Haiiiett E O’Shea of the division of education and applied psychology spoke at the moiiiing session. Dr. Long, leseaiCh worker m home economics education here at the University, di.scussed “Recent Research Studies and Implications for the Teaching of Home Economics” at the afteinoon session Discussion groups led by Miss Ruby Clark of the school of home economics, Miss Ethel Lewis and Mis. Jaunette Paivis of the division of education and applied psychology, and Miss Ruth Davis, leachei at Jefferson High School, Lafayette, occupied the major pan of the afternoon. A summary of the meeting was given by Miss Muriel G. McFarland of the division of educiitiou and applied psychology.I-
> Ji
Page 2
Purdue Exponent
Sunday, November 14, 194S
Purdue Exponent combiflcd wifh Purdue Independent'
Offices Editorial and Business Pui'duc Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Ftcidhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10pm, 5377
Editor Busine*?^ ManaR«r Editor ManasnnR Editor Sports Editors
Associate Editors Cioti ^ In 1 Nek rm in 1 j 'i 1 ScrMco Staff Mor
R
Elhs Murphj Mary Dilts illiam H Tyson Carolyn Wilbur vmond I Smith Russell M Lipcs
Ta<.k Marta Itn N^^^m
Publication Staff Ed tonal ^taff r cl \hlotl Ruth M Ford Madelyn A Ricl a 1 1 Map I t Y SUttts Jann.
^ cl
1 1 tt<r Cilncl rill Leo Friedman
Business Staff Ad^crlisinp Mannjrcr C 1 C uint Assistant Advertising Manaper Bettv Maney Circulation M inaper K C Sauciman
S^aff For This Issue
Nipht hditor \ eph Citj } (lit r ( r tins
I
Reporters ( rj 0-=; 111 Ul 1
I 1 T
Day Editor Mann
Issue Editor R Grcffory
(s X dilor Wiipli
^ 1 ij r Mirpih Wocriui Cairelt } 1 Vk t i C ailcr li Gaibei
^ A tiS
btafl I hotopraj her \\ ( Folbcr
Entcrol ns scoot 1 cla s matter at Iho post office in Lafaj elte Inl an u 1 1 the cl cf C nprtss of March 3 1879 an 1 at th 1 c al late f 1 estape proM 1 d for in section 1103 act of Oc 1 or 3 191 nth n/ d Tanuary 20 1922 Inbl <h c 1 Fi Hv Th ir Hv and Saturday mornmes dur Tp th tea ctit t it icali t per d D I vered daily 1 c r r f 1 1 f b mest 1 b> nail for *^1 60 for a t r SI 1 I s n a\ b H i no 1 at the Exponent oir c r tl NN t D k f t U ur R 1 r s nt d f r I atioi 1 a h itis np by N itioi al Advertis np Se e I c f ol pe I illishers Kei rcsentatives 420 ■Nd a\\c svYcikNY
Open Letter To Vallely . . . Toclc j innounccmcnl the executne committee ii s heaped on \oiu aheady oieiloacted shoid ki s ano^htis nnpoitant iet,ponsi b!lit\ Th f icl Ih U business as usual will be the 01 del o Uie du Toi both IhanksgiMiig Da and N( ^ 't ( ai s Da > has bi ought aboi t a situaeion which Joi man\ students will seem intolerable a ioi othcis, one which might be pected The Chiis mis holila>, which consists of i\ 0 cLns \ ill gne sulheicni time foi the ma 10’ it’’ oi tne sui 'ents lO ^ v-ii the home watci ioi a tew houi> al least howevei, theie will ^till be a 1 age numbei loi whom two days is noL ufficie it to i^afh home foi any woithw hile peiiod rhu elnveTnajik guing Chixstmas and New Teal ^ when theie \ dl be a lot ot lonely '’tneknts oh the campus who will clcsiie some extia special i lecf- oi ( nkilainment foi those thiee c\ ent^ iSo mattei whet aigumcnts m<iy be laisod to the coiuiai’v il a situation is anticipated lai enoitj-h in acU mc^ jnovi^-ion can be made to alle\ ate U'-^fleets boiti with this Tfyou and Aoui tudent tall can get on the ball light now and ph n some special enteitain ments loi the e thiee impoitant dates, the s•^udenls w ill not lecl let clown as much as it no 1 Ians w ei e made The COG k Born . . . file Expji ent welcomes a ntwcomei to the Ide ot the Cc n pus the (Of* (Cuiient Opinion Gioup) low aid the lattei pait ot last teinf one oi o u leaclei wiotc to us suggesting do something to help “oiientate” the skidcnt body and oui seivice staff took up the idea i^itli \4 0i The eoopeiation they have met fiom the iaeult> membcis, officeis, enlisted men and ciiilians ot this campus testifies both to the gieat need ioi such a gioup and to the tact tliat the Unneisiiy lacks nothing when a cood suggestion is made Paiticulaily h( Ipful has been Kei E R Balsely, thiough who^e cfloits aiiangemcnts have been made to hold the fii st meeting ol the group this coming Ihui da\ al j 30 p m at the Wesley I ounoatK I) ( hicn i located on State stieet ario‘'^th( stieet fiom 1 he Union) Piofessor P’ ink R IIdl will open the meeting with a talk on Die Po-it V\ ii VVoild ■'iW k tins viouj) eas ni elat'd bj the sei\ici me ) and meet^ at a time dining which they can atiend cixiliai s aie also inxited to attend its niv tmg aid paiticipatc actnely in its pio} lain II i liopcd that the piogiam comn itte-c wnich wjl' determine the basic policy oi the gi luj) will include mcmbeis lepiescnt mw each oi the sci Mces, the cnilian students and the local cdi/cni\ Dll the agenda loi tutuic discussion aie such \ itc 1 1 su' as Race Relations, Post Wai Em Ijknmont etc \\ e licaitily cndoise a gioup (k etc 1 to dl cu Sion oJ contio\cisial curient to])*c lo’ w< know that it is oui duty as citi- / n ol I (kmo(ia(\ ti lace these issues and ■-'Dk the lit tmieaJily Oui nation was nuitiu d 111 Ul aDno pheie ol open and fiee diseu ion in tow') me {tjrigs We know that this Ijii\ti‘-jt\ nioilcini/ed wai time veision of the ( me etin the ( 00 w ill eio its bit to per jKtuite llii tiadition ol lice exchange ol jclca^ among equals —-g c Leaving Early? . . . ( onvocation piogiam is and has been the occasion loi main people m the Unneisitv to
qi.e msuiHSTOM MERRY-GO-ROttiD • y DREW PEARSON Herring Refrained From Issuing Blast; Congressman Gives $2,000 To U. S. And USO WASHINGTON—Mild manneicd popidai ex Sen aloi Chde Heiiing of Iowa dicln t say anything about it when he lesigned is. Assistant OPAdministiatoi but ho sciiously consuleied a tciiiflc blest against chain stoics, adveitising agencies, and bic, business domination of OPA The blast he picpaied evas indiiectly aimed at OPAdministialoi Chestci Bowles of the Spiingfield Mass newspapei f inidy and head of the B«nton and Bowles id agency Helling planned to list the adveitising executives ind chain stoies opoiatois, many of them business filends ol Bowles who wcie fixing puces and lun nin^, consumei goods fiom the OPA Among them wcie Regan P Connally President of the Intel state De partment Stores of Neiv York, a chain store system, now head of OPY’s merchandise puce section Jean Cairoll, son of a formei governor ot Iowa, executive of the Krueger Gioceiy chain, now in charge of OPA’s Food Price section Col Bryan Houston, of the Young and Rubican Ad\ agency , now head of OPA’s i ationing Waltei b Stiaub ot the Food and Pharmaceutical Mfg Co Chicago, now head of OPA s Food Rationing Section Tames Brownlee foimeily of General Foods Tmei lean Sugu Refining and Fiankfuit Distilleis now OP\ Deputy Puce Administiatoi Looking on fuom the inside ex Senatoi Heiiing felt that these men conscientious patiiotic and haid woikin,, as they may be could not help but lean to wild chain stoies and otnei agencies lathci thin to waid the consumei public He felt that the piicc bail 101 s which haid boiled undiplomatic Leon Hender son elected giadu illy weic melting the t mflcUion was lust aiound the coinei Lul beloie issuing his icsunation blast Ileuing thought to himself These things aiep t so good But it s our White House OUI countiy, oui wu One of his boys had lust died Anothei is i piisonei in Gcimani In the end he issued no blast icsigncd in SI cnc'=‘ Pay Boost Warning Nobody can s ly that the A^ministiation didn t have imple wainin„ that 1 iboi will make wholes lie w igc de nands it the gateo weie let dmvn to John L Lewis Phil Muiiay dcliveicd the wainmg to the Piesident peisoii illy it in off the lecoid session seveial weeks ago Minny wlio he’ped Lewis found the CIO ind has caiiicd on aftci Lewis dcseitcd it told the Piesident that if the big mine boss was able to bieak the Little Steel loi mull ind ^et what he wanted the steel woil CIS would immediately demand an mcieasc Mill uy IS iNo head ol the steel woikcis but has lo\ illy gone ilong with the Piesident in tiying to stabilize w i^cs piovided puces weie stibilized How cvei with 1 boost to Lewis Miiiiay said he would not be ible to keep his own people undei contiol Fuithei 111010 theie is now Iciiific iivaliy beiween lewis and Mill! ly oich to show tint his union can do moie foi its membeis This IS why Admimstiation leadeis aie now so boil im mad both at Lewis toi e\ icting his list ))ound of fiesh and at those w ho yielded to him No Trough-Feeder Enge! ihc MLRRY GO ROUND has discoveicd many a (cn^icssmin lecdim deep it the public tiough but it )s 1 1 lie thii g to find one who gives away money to the Goieinment Albeit T 1 n^el ot Miehn in Repuliliein with a waistline 111 c i beei b u i el woikcd up i lot of hguics iboiiL the hi„h wages paid in deltiisi pi ints and sold 11 e II tide to Rcadci s Digest Wlmn the cheek came back Engel s eyes bulged It was $2 000 Get thee behind me hatan said Engel and piomptly phoned the Bureau ot Internal Reienue He found thit if he gave Ihc money to chanty his tax on i( would be $100 So he deducted the $300 and ga\e the $1700 to USO But fust he had a photostat made ot the cheek to lemind himseli that it was really tine I oday 1 ngel is sitting on a story about defects in the turiets of 400 U S tanks in Detioit but he won t giie it out because he says, Alter all it was only a few tanks, and I’m getting action without publicity ’ Copyimht 194j By United reatuie Syndicate Inc)
leflect on the manneis and good taste of the campus inhabitants and townspeople as a \\ hole The usual complaint is that some people insist on leaving lu A betoie the end ot the scheduled piogiam Ol at the end of the hist encoie &i anting that all artists oi speakers appear mg on the piogiams do not suit the tastes ot all in the audience, and that the mmoiity desues to leave, theie is still the majority who depait because they leally think the progiam IS ovei Theie is, we think, a populai misconception cit the bottom ot this situation Al lists enjoy then woik, maybe even more so than othei people and so it is then policy to aiiange then piogiam so that by the time the loimal schedule of e\ents has been completed the> aie leady to get down to business and play oi sing things that aie lequest numbei s lathei than caiefully selected pieces Thus those w ho leave at the end ol theiegulaily scheduled piogiam aie doing themselve and the otheis an injustice It is taken toi planted that the audience, during the second halt, IS composed ot people who like the show, othei wise they ‘•hould ha\e left at intermission Let us hope, theiefoie, in the lutuie that convocation ai lists will have the opportunity to dehgh-t then audiences attei the initial show is Ol ei
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty | dH--
Wesley Foundation Corner State and Sheetz Streets Rev E R Balsley, Ministei ' 9 30—Sunday School 10 40—Morning Woiship will be held at the Fust Methodist Church Dl Otto Scott Steele will preach on “I Was Made a Ministei ” The anthem IS to be “Save Us, We Prky,” by Bach Ganschow 5 15—Fellowship Supper 6 16—Miss Iiene Eeldt of the University Placement Service will speak on “The Role of the Student in the Cl ISIS ” A worship seivice will follow, but will be ovei by 7 20 to accommodate the seivice men 7 9 on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday evenings will be Fieshman Visitation 8 11 on Fiiday evening—Planned lecreation
of the Gospel of Matthew 11 IQ'SO—Mdrning Worship The guest speakei is to be Rev Dale Robb, whose subject will be “GfqWmg in Statin e ” Janet Place is tne new choir diiector 6 OO—Sunday Evening Fellowship with informal leception, a sijppei at 20 cents a plate, and a discussion This Sunday’s subject will continue the last discussion of “Who Is God’” Ernie Nordhnger and Juanita Storeware to be the leadeis 6 40—Ve^i Woiship, led by Rev DdleDKobb 7 to 10 on Friday—The legulai Open House, with ping-pong, table hockey, chess, cheekeis, group games and dancing
“i gave him my phone numbei, sat at home night after night, even called him at his office—who does he think he is, Joe Stalin'^”
Fashions For Femmes
Bi Cdiolyn Wilbui
Tomoiiow IS Monday but not just an\ Monday Ihcic will be a continued tin,,L of cxcitemeiiL ind tension ill the iii no not w ii ’ tension but lush tension Each piospcctive SOI only lusliec is fian tically inqiiuing among hei fi lends as to which sweatei hand bag oi lipstick will give the most stj It ap peil to hti outfit Vftci ill these fiist impitss oils can make oi bicak i coed Pci hips i few suggestions might help Sweateis Skiits Foi that ‘ jnst light’ look at these late afteincon cole paities keep in mind tint well mitched campus simplicity is ilw lys i s ifo bet A nubby 1 nit sweatci set off by i stung ot pc ills with a el issic looking box pleated tw ced si a t is hne \s' to the coloi p istels aic popul 11 Anothei oicl gcttei is in the guise ot i eollcgiite spoit suit to give the lushee i tiimly tiiloied lool Ol peihips a slim hipped 111 ge pocketed jumpei—a season success on campus—iccentuited by i g IV blouse Is the solution to the pioblem Flatties Vnklcts As to the iootwcdi anl lots aid flatties h ive it ovei hose and hells ten to one Aigyle sod s iic espe cially smalt lool ing Anything goes with the exceptioi of woin ovei heels along the shoe line cobbleis Ol mocassins aie fine But foi complete leg peifectTon male
it i point to use the safety la/oi, ind may we add one with a shaip bl idc Handbags may be left at home these thiee days Hats aic not a must but aie nice, especially to set off that much woin but classic sea son bkippci If the hat is to le main in hat box on the shelf, a good ieni nine tuck is to add a little day time glanioui in the way of a flowei 01 flowei s the possibilities aie many and the effect is smaitness As fai as the toimal piefeienCe dinneis suggestions aie in the off mg Until then g ithei up the kid gloves the poise and the personal ity and it is off to the lush’ foi an afternoon of tea cookies and new fi lends
Universitj Pr«sbytenan Church North Street, Near Grant Rev Johu W Findley, Minister 9 30—Student Class led by Di G H Graves will continue its study 2 00—Stoiy a Day 2 15—Music 2 56—News 3 00—Maiy Louise Reppeit, pian ist 3 15—Afternoon Melodies 3 30—Musical Vaiieties 3 66—News 4 00—Tea Time Tunes 4 30—Just Relax 4 66—News 5 00—Little Miss Muffet 5 15—Music 5 30—Vespeis 5 46—Spoits Review 6 00—^Minute of Piayei 0 01—Dinnei Houi 6 56—News 7 00—Chinese Stones 7 16—Tiade Winds Tavcin 7 30—Allies vs Hitlei 7 45—Music 7 65—News B 00—Ihe Bookman 8 15—Music 8 30—Voice of the Aimy 8 45—Eventide Echoes 8 55—News 9 00—Musicana 9 30—Anything but Swing 9 55—News 10 00—orr ihe air
St John’s Episcopal Church 8 00 a m —Holy Communion 9 00 a m —Holy Communion foi students, followed by bieakfast iij the parish house This is for all students and Aimy and Navy personnel 10 45—Morning piayer and seimon The anthem is to be “Prajse the Loid, All Jeiusalem,” by Maundei Ml Thointoh’s subject is “Oiu Stewaidship ” The sermon will be bioadcast over WASK
Hillel Foundation 116 Sheetz Street Rabbi M H Simon 10 30—Seivices will be held at Fowlei Hall
St Mary’s Catholic Church 12th and Columbia Rev Edw Holland, Student Pastor 6 uO, 8 00, 9 30, 11 00 a m — Mass 3 00 5 45 p m and aftei 7 15 on Satin day—Confessions
Lutheran Staudent Meeting East Faciiltj Lounge of the Union Dl A A Smith of the sociology depaitment will be guest speakei at the Lutheian student meeting this evening at 7 30 in the East Faculty Lounge of the Union This ’Will be an opportunity foi new^ students to acquaint themselves with the group
Religious Services for Military Personnel Catholic Mass at 8 30 a m Piotestant Woiship at 9 30 a m Jew*ish Woiship at 10 30 a m These seivices aic to be held in Eliza Fowlpj Hall
WBAA Schedule guy War Bonds
Monday to 30—rNcWS 10 45—Smile Time 11 00—Music 11 50—Puidue News 11 55—News 12 00—Eaim Eoium 12 30—Meet the Band 12 55—News 1 00—Homemakcis’ Club 1 15—Music 1 30—Paients’ Eoium 1 45—Markets 1 55—News
LEARN TO DANCE ADULT BEGINNER S CLASS OPENS Wed., Dec. 1, 7:30 P. M. ADVANCED CLASS Thurs., Dec. 2, 7:30 P. M. Adult Tap Clashes Precede Ballroom Classes / CHILDREN'S CLASSES DEC 4th
ALLEN’S
6th & Ferry
COR EVERYTHING .. your funnybone to
YOUH
GRANDEST PRODUCTION
'^rLubitscli’s MEMEN
AWMT , GENEliEY-DONlECi-MLESCOBiN/
A 20ffi Cenlu y Fox Pete «
LyiiA
TODAY and TOMORROW
MAKE MILLER'S YOUR MUS8C HEADQUARTERS Records (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest hits) Instruments and Accessories Instrument Repairing MILLER MUSIC CO. 514 Mam Lafayette Phone 7917
ARC
TODAY AND MONDAY
' and'
She knows afl about Love-potions and lovely Motions f
CINEMA GUItO presents
— ALSO — ANIMAL CARTOON
A Paramount Picture from Ihe READER S DIGEST sensation starring luise RAINER-Arturo di CORDOVA-1111111310 BENDIX-Paol LOKAS _Kalua PaiiDoa-Oaiai Oaiailta lOii piaiiic
The ^Casalilanca^ ia ill tkeihsert!
with BRUCE BENNETT J CARROL NAISH LLOYB BRIBQE8 REX tNCRAM A COLUMBIA PICTURE
r >’
■1 Iv
f s I ^ 1
> 1 s ! i
1 r 'i r Im
‘■5
t
T, f r, > 7 *r
iVeirs
NovembenMf 1943 ,
/W Semie& Men, By Service Men
PageB
l4ation’s First V42 fond Sfors Piper
Post
Francis Discussion
Exthahge Entertains Flyers
I C^injing th? dtstindtidn of being jffrat V'-lS dance band in the na|iohi 'fche^Jfavy ¥-12 band will once penforhi cm the campus, featofing Bob Pipec as vocalist and Jitn Watson on the trumpet. ‘ Several Weeks before the inception? of,the Navy College Training il^i'Ogram, at the University, Bob Bip'er and Jack Drukemiller, both students here, conceived the idea of aihlavy Band composed only of V-12 stndonts. Shortly after their arrjiyai at the station, their plan beit|^ accepted by Lt, (j. g.) Lee Somdpit,’ tefJreation officer at the naval 4l^tion, they issued a callout to all s^deiits who might be interested in tjiff formation of the band. The Sfelfeetion was limited to V-12 naval tl4|wC6s^ dt the station. A sufficient dnrotmt of material was gathered ^Jld''the dance band organized, l^ifst Showing ^ The band’s first public showing came at an all service men show at tjib Music Hall. WBAA deemed it lidbe to allow air space to the group and since then it has been performing regularly every Thursday evening at 7 p. m. over the station. Sjnce the origin it has played at yarious dances, including a stand the Union at which time the band introduced a guest singer, Miss Jane Guant, who will be a regular singer with the band. It has also performed at thedocal USO. Last Friday evening the batid gave a performance at the Navy “Happy Hour” program. Along with Jim Watson, who plays the trumpet, there is Bob Piper, vocalist and saxophonist. On
the saxophones are Bill Porter, Johnny Simpson, John Hoadannel, Jack Di'uckemille, with Fred Sheffre and Bill Peck on the trumpets and A1 Hum on the drums. A new addition to the band is Bob Raymond, who strums the- bass fiddle. 4 In contrast to other bands, th* V-12 unit is always on the lookout for new talent, and issues a standing invitation to all those who have talent to try out for this activity. Engineers Hear H.V.Coes,ASME National President H. V. Coes, national president of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, spoke to about 200 undergraduates of the University on Thursday on "Experiences of a Management Engineer.” He was sponsored by the student branch of ASME. Coes desci’ibed a management engineer as a coordinator of people. He cited several examples of his work, such as the following: Cites Experience In the midst of the depression a certain company had a disastrous sttike and, although it won its case in court, feeling between the management and the employees remained very bad. After Coes was called in, he offered to allow union leaders to go over company books and promised to give the raises demanded if they could prove that they wei’e entitled to them. The demands were dropped after better understanding was had, and factoiy morale was improved. In concluding his speech, Coes listed 16 attributes of a good executive as follows: Clarity of thought, orderliness, respect for time, avoidance of divided responsibility, take and give constructive criticism, control of temper, avoidance of procrastination, basing of conclusions and decisions on the facts and then acting, avoidance of desk pounding, no sign of weakness to seek help, assumption of responsibility, inspiring, fairness, tolerance, good judgment and a sense of humor. Coes is vice president of Ford, Bacon & Davis, engineers of New York City, and has had long experience in industry and management.
WAITING! Fearlessly awaiting
a>, German attack, these two Allied Gimlet Club
Bbldiers are on the alert rn this tense Bc^ne from Columbia’s “Sahara,” now playing at the Mars Theatre. The film, which stars Humphrey Hngart as a Yank tank commander, is 'a'thrill-filled epic of desert war-
fare,..^ „ , ,
. . . fraternity men’s activities and athletic booster honorary, voted to retain Dick Butsch as president. Russ Lipes was elected vice president, and Jim Richardson was made
secretary-treasurer.
Item,! self-exiplanatory, from the Campt Atterbury Camp Crier: “Will the officer who hit the paste bucket, instead of the bullseye, at the pistoL range Wednesday, make proper financial settlement to reimburse the government for the paste, and see the public relations officer to discuss the hometown publicity to be released?” --P-E--Proudest collegiate- football' r*elic at Aberdeen Proving Grouad, according to the Flaming Bomb there, is the “brains” of th» and 1940 Alabama varsity teams. Pvt. Ed Brown didn’t play, but he was semiofficial tutor" to a lot of guys who did, and might have had trouble without bis help on history and a flock of other tough courses. Among his students were All-Americans George Nelson and Herk Mosely. —.P-E— The Atterbury Crier again, this time with a home-made service for rendering KP painless—comparatively, anyway. The paper sends a reporter around to the camp’s kitchens to interview KPs on such themes as “What’s the toughest job on KP?” “Why do you dislike KP?,’ete. Payoff is a book of tickets to the camp movie, given for the best answers. —P-E— By way of cheering the local boys up, the Jefferson Barracks Hub kicks in with a list of 1812 pay rates. Privates got $6 a month, corporals $7, and sergeants $10. The soldiers got ration allowances, though—16 cents a day. Second lieutenants drew $25 a month, first lieutenants $30 and captains $40. But, of course, things were cheaper then. —d’-E-—’ Some Marine doings from the Marine Corps Chevron; With the situation well in hand on a South Seas island, Sgt. Jordan W. Bailey has set up his own private post exchange. He has been doing a thriving business swapping trinkets, pipes and tobaccos with the natives for eggs and chickens and for sea shells, war clubs, canes and such for the tourist trade. Four sergeants and a corporal on Guadacanal are doing a thriving business as “Removers, Inc.” Stock in hand, one battered old handcart that turned up from nowhere. p.E— Navy glossary, from the U. of Wisconsin’s Naval Unit Badger Navy News: “Take Necessary Action”—it’s your headache now. “You Will Remember”—the papers are lost here, hope you can find them. “We Should Confer”—send your yeoman over to talk to mine, they’ll figure out something. ^‘Forwarded”—pigeon-holed in a more ornate office. “A Growing Body of Naval Opin-
Would You Like td See PURDUE Smear INDIANA?
Free tickets are available for the Purdue-Iudiana football game to all those interested.
h * A free ticket will be given each person selling 15 or mord subscriptions to the Purdue Expdneiit (before Nov. 20 of course).
^ Call in person at the Circulation Office of the Exponent and get subscription blanks and. further information.
As k special program for the South American flyers, St. Fancis College, iff Lafkyette, is holding a Fatriotic Services program. The La ’Raza club' of Notre Dame University wilt disctiSs “Inter-Ameri-can Affairs” at 7:30 Sunday night. The discussion will be in the form of a panel discussion and the members will welcome discussion from the audience. Music on the program will be furnished by the school orchestra and choral group. The club is composed of LatinAmerican students from Central America, South America and Mexico. Father William F. Cunning of Notre Dame is the director of the
club.
PIA Will Hold Callouts tomorrow Atfernoon All students, both civilians and service men, are invited to attend the PIA callout tomorrow afternoon in their Union Building office. Many opportunities are being offerred in various activities. Students with talents and interests in such fields as publicity, radio, membership or business are especially urged to attend; those with journalistic aims are sure to be interested in the PIA column which is to appear soon in the Exponent. New members are also eligible to serve on the executive board. PIA, which is a member of the National Independent Association, encourages social activity among independent students, gives them support in campus elections, and serves to bring the independent students more closely together. It has sponsored many of the larger campus dances, picnics, parties, smokers, bridge and bowling tournaments, dancing classes and numerous other activities.
ion”—I’ve talked to my subordinate officers. “Take Immediate Action”—get on the ball before we both catch hell. “For Your Information” — this doesn’t mean anything to me, so you can forget it too. “Your Obseivations Are Desired” —get your feet braced, brother, you’re going to get a dirty job soon. “You Are to Be Commended”— that dirty job is just around the next routing slip. “Naval Tradition Demands” — I’ve been talking to an old chief. “Hive This Your Immediate Attention”—Find those papers pronto, or it’ll be your neck. “You Will Show Him Every Courtesy”—one of his relatives must be an Admiral. “The Inspection Party Has Departed”—relax! 1 Buy War Bonds
Redistribution Pools to Aid Army Air Force's Veterans "T ' ' " " Three giant “redistribution pools” will be set in operation PorSOUH^l l^OtGS shortly by the Army Air Forces as their answer to the problein of how to utilize the services of veterans returning from com* Companies scheduled to visit the hat duty abroad, according to the Twingine Times of the Free-
campus: man Army Air Field.
Lockheed-Vega Aircraft Corpora- The new project has been set up to insure the best possible tion, Burbank, C^if.—November 15. ^ ^ personnel returned from —
Interested in M.E., A.E., E.E., C.E. Westinghouse Electric & Manu-
facturing Co., Pittsburgh, Pa.— military needs and, insofar as
Tuesday, November 16. Interested possible, with a view to their ^ ^aist and takes a 9% shoe
S % i I IVt’
E., Ch. E., Met. E., chemistry, phys- of value in future civilian life. jng, the GI’s best fnend—his barck 11 ^-1 n T. rp , on >^acks bag—IS to be replaced. The . Shell Oil Co., Inc., Tulsa, Okla. turned will first be given a fur- Armv is workine on somethin^ reThursday November 18. Interest- lough at their homes, and then sent sembling a golf bag to take its M m C. E., Ch. hi., Met. hi., M. hi., to one of the new centers for med- place, says Keep’ Em.
active fronts both for current general as saying, is 5 ft. 8 in. tail,
weighs 144 lbs., has a 33^4-in. chest.
E. E.
ical examination and expert reclass-
The Texas Co., New York, N. Y.-— ific'gtion. If additional rest is need- Shorts
Friday, November 19. Interested in ed, it will be offered at rest camps ^ training carrier Ch. E., M. E., B. S. chemists (male maintained in connection with the Personnel at the Jacksonville Naval
and female), M. S., Ph. D. chemists centers,
(organic, physical).
Consolidated Vultee Aircraft Cor-
To Train Future Pilots
On reclassification, they will in
poration, San Diego, Cal. Friday, many cases be assigned to com-
November 19. Interested in C. E.,
M. E., A. E., E. E.
The Carter Oil Co., Tulsa, Okla
mands within the United States where their experience will be utilized in training activities. In some
Air Station is instruction in such games as acey-deucy, cribfaage and so on, according to the Jax Ait News there. It is far from being one of the principal activities at the school, the paper hastily adds, but notes that this type of training
Date tn ha ariTiniiTicarJ TntAraotPf? \ should be of real Value in teaching uate to oe announced, interestea cases they will be returned overseas . , 1 u i 4.u in E. E., C. E., Ch. E., M. E. chem- combat duty. ^ playmg the
ists (B. S., Mi S., Ph. D.). fm- limited service Carbide & Carbon Chemicals Cor- only will be used to relieve general poration, S. Charleston, W. Va.— personnel in continental establishMonday, November 22. Interested merits. Still others may be sent in Ch. E., M. E., M. E. to AAF schools for retaining, in Carrier Corporation, Syracuse, fields far removed from those m N. Y.—Friday, November 19. In- which they performed in combat asterested in M.E. signments. It is hoped such men
York Corporation, York, Pa.- may be able in many case's to ac- carriers after historical Date to be announced. Interested in quire skills they can use later as naval vessels or battles; destroyers
Civilians after omcers and enlisted men of Qualified men may also be sent and Marines, secretaries
to ASTP.
The redistribution centers will be set up at Miami Beach, Atlantic
games that are popular aboard ships, and therefore of being better
sailors on long cruises. Naval Information
Naval Lore from Jane’s Fighting Ships, via the Chicago Navy Pier Logr Battleships are named after states; cruisers after large
M.E., Ch.E., P.S.E.
Fairbanks, Morse & Co., Beloit, Wisconsin—Date to be announced.
Interested in M.E., E.E.
These companies are not sched- City and one Pacific coast center as
uled to visit the campus; however, yet unannounced, they are interested in students for PfOQI'dlTl employment: ^ •••
War Department, U. S. Engineer ^ complete training progiam.
of the Navy, members of Congress and inventors; submarines after fish and marine creatures; minesweepers after birds; gunboats after small cities; sub tenders after pioneers in submarine development; repair ships after mythological characters; oilers after rivers; car-
C. E. not eligible for military framed and polished for com-
bat assignments right up to “D” day, has been m effect for months,
service. Sign in personnel office by
November 17.
Taylor Instrument Companies, Department announced
Office, Providence, R. I.—Interested whereby American tioops overseas go ships after stars and escort car-
^ ners and large seaplane tenders
after sounds and islands-
First Current Opinion Discussionai Groups Will Meet Thursday Due to the cooperation of ail units on the campus, including faculty members, officers and the Wesley Foundation, plans have been com-
Rochester, N. Y.—Interested in Met.E., M.E., Physicists, Chemists
(M.S., Ph.D.).
Attention: Men in ASTP (terms 5 and 6); NCTP (terms 7 and 8): Westinghouse Electric & Manufacturing Co., Pittsburgh, Pa.—
last week.
Overseas training in England, Australia, North Africa and other areas where American troops are based is designed to supplement training received by individuals and units in the United States by famaliarizing them with climatic, ter-
Tuesday, November 16. Interested conditions they will in M. E., E. E., P. S. E., Ch. E,, Met. Lincoln Aimy Air
Don't Neglect Your Clothes!
For at least THREE reasons . . . you must preserve and protect the garments you now have. (1) Wool is now scarqe... raw silk no longer obtainable. You may not be able to easily replace your present garmentSi (2) New garments are more expensive — you must try to save MONEY by saving your CLOTHES. (3) Your Government says:—"Use it up . . . wear it out . . . make it do” . . . the fighting service NEEDS all that wool . . . and silk . . . more than we at home need it. Don’t neglect your clothes . . . protect them with frequent cleaning. PHONE 3085 AMERICAN LAUNDRY Sanitone CLEANERS
E., chemistry, physics.
Debris Staff Asks Graduates Of 1944 To Schedule Photos All students who expect to graduate in either February, June or October of 1944 should make appointments for their Debris pictures by calling at the Debris office any afternoon before Wednesday, November 17, between 4 and 6 p. m. Service men in ASTP, V-12 and similar piograms are uiged to have
Base AM reports. Fifth Army Example
An example of troops so trained P^eted for the first meeting of the is the Fifth Army, which spent COG (Current Opinions Group), months in Africa, after its training meeting Will start at 5:30 p. m.
here, in perfecting tactics at an invasion training center. Taught were such things as clearing beaches of mines and other obstacles, cracking Nazi pill boxes, storming towns and villages and street fighting. Miscellaneous . . . Shorts: All reception center activities in the Sixth Service Command aie now carried on at Ft.
this Thursday, after chow, and will continue till 7 p. m. or 7:30 p* m. or as long as there are individuals who desire to continue their-ex-change of ideas. The group wiU\ meet at the Wesley Foundation on State street opposite the Union. Professor Frank R. Hall of the history and economics department of the University Vill orientate the discussion with a talk on the PostWar World. The major part of the meeting will be devoted tO’ discus-
Sheridan. The new center is a con
sohdation of piocessing stations gion from the floor,
pictures taken for the Debris. Only ^heie, at Ft. Custer and at Camp
Grant. . . . Ainiy insignia will no longer be sold by civilian dealers tfter January 1. PX stores will
100 seniors have already signed up
out of the expected 1000.
Pictures will be taken during the
Period for Organization
At about 7 p. m. a brief period will be devoted to organizational
les taking basic training at Ft. Belvoir are now allocated to “coun-
sellors,” non-coms detailed to as- f participate ac-
an established organization or established officers. Those interest-
week of November 22-26, When ac- affected, however. . . . Rook- blatters. The COG does not have tivity cards will also be filled out. <■
The information on the activity cards will be used as an account of the student’s University life, to accompany the picture in Debris. Buy War Bonds
sist them with problems they may consider urgent but not quite orderly loom material . . . The average GI, the Kelly Field Flying Times quotes the quai'termaster
AMERICAN HEROES
BY LEFF
•HS
On the far side of a kiioU exposed to enemy guns in the Solomons, one of Pfc. Rondell Lyons’ comrades was wounded. Marine Private Lyons brought him in. Another man was hit. Lyons brought him, too, to safety. The injured men were thirsty. But all canteens were empty, and the laps had the only water hole covered. Lyons went out in the face of continuous Jap fire and brought back water for his comrades. For this he wears the Silver Star. He risked his Kfc for his fellows. The least we can do is buy more War Bonds for them.
lively in its work by remaining for this organizational period. The plans at present call for election of a program committee that will determine the topics for each meeting’s discussions, publicize meetings and invite speaker's. If the members desire, a permanent chairman or model ator will also be se-
lected at the meeting.
Group Open to Suggestions All students, civilians and service men, male and female, faculty, office! s and enlisted men and local residents aie invited to attend this meeting. The discussions will be equally open to all, and so will the oppoitunity to paiticipate actively in oiganizational details. It cannot be emphasized too much that this IS a new gioup with no crustified policy and officialdom. The policies and officers of the group will be detei mined demociatically at the fiist meeting by those who
attend.
The COG teels that in these ci'itical times trained citizens are called on moie than ever to exchange ideas, understand each other and keep well informed. Through discussion gioups such as the COG students may keep keenly sensitive to cunent issues. Patronize Exponeiii AdvertisersV* ^ 1 / ''
r^?f^!ww%s^^^ ■vr
i^g6 4
^ ^ I
. r '
Boilermaker, Shorts Sunday9 November 14, 1943
I #
jim McMilleh, McGarry, Zverbliss
Win Bouts Of Happy Hour Show
Grandstand Echoes
By Russ Lipe^
Eugene Dame, Naval Electrician Student, Betters World's Wall-Climbing Record
By Paul Garber, A/S Witnessed by well over 600 service men and civilians, the Navy Happy Hour, featuring thi-ee boxing bouts, the V-12 dance band, tumbling acts and an attempt to break the world’s record in wallclimbing, was a great success. In the main bout of the evening Don McMillen was beaten by Marine Sgt. Joe Zverbliss in a bi’uising three rounder. As one of the preliminary bouts “Footsie” Halpin, a 'heavy-set marine from Spokane, Wash., met Jim McMillen, Navy V-12er, who last year was one of the finalists in the national intei-collegiate boxing tourney held at Madison, Wis. McMillen showed his form early in the fight by driving Halpin into the ropes. Halpin kept up a stragetic retreat during most of the first round, but in the second managed to land a few hard ones oh McMillen’s head. McMillen was looking for an opening to show his vaunted power, but Halpin managed to keep away.
Riveters, Hoosiers Seek Replacements For Traditional Tilt
Ateef
The Team
In the thii-d round Halpin’s superior form showed up as he had McMillen on the ropes. McMillen landed a hard left and right in an exchange that jarred Halpin and nearly floored him. The bell ending the fight found McMillen and Halpin circling warily, both too tired to throw a punch. McMillen ■was awarded the fight on a very close decision.
The next event on the program was a performance by the Purdue Tumblers, with several members of the gymnastic team performing. Included among the performers were Don Haase, B. H. Billings, Jack Murphy, Orndoff and Scanlon.
The team performed some very intricate maneuvers, including a “peach basket,” some giant swings and worked out on the parallel bars. The second preliminary bout sent McGarry of the flight school against civilian Ed Ruff. Both were extremely fast, with Ruff looking the better of the two in the eaily stages of the fight. McGarry had terrific punching ability which told in the later stages, merely softening up Ruff for the kill as it were. In the last round McGarry opened up, catching Ruff early with a hard right to the head. Ruff stayed down for the count of nine before coming up. Ruff came up fighting, catching McGarry with hard lefts and rights and McGairy was forced to hold for a few seconds. McGariy hit Ruff a hard right to face, which sent Ruff down for a count of nine. Ruff came up staggering and as the bell rang it found Ruff in one corner out on his feet. The outstanding feature of this fight, which McGarry won, was the terrific punching ability of McGarry and the heart of Ruff, who faced it and stayed on his feet. The next event was that of wall climbing. The entries were limited to the naval electrician school, with Chief Russell coaching. Forty, Dame, Johnson, Hogan and Wifery were the bluejackets who enteied. Dame and Hogan both bettered the old world’s record of 12 ft. dVz in. set last year. Dame went on to take first place, setting a sensational record of 12 ft. 8V2 in. befoie being stopped. This recoid is unofficial at present but Coach Beers s^id that it would be submitted before the AAU officials in an attempt to have it recognized officially as the woild’s lecoid. The main bout of the evening was between Don McMillen, civilian, and Sgt. Joe Zverbliss, of the fightin’ marines. McMillen was a semi-fi-nalist at Madhson, Wis., last year. Zverbliss was veiy slow and absoi'bed many punches to the head, at the same time directing his blows to McMillen’s body. McMillen carried the fight to Zvei bliss dui ing the first two lounds and as a lesult was quite tiled as he entered the final round. In the final lound a right by Zvei bliss sent McMillen to the canvas foi the count of nine. Don got up to finish the fight, but the decision was given to Sgt. Zveibliss.
Tightening up the forward pass defense in prepai’ation for the aerial attack of Bob Hoernschemeyer, Indianans *brilliElint pigskin hurlel’, occupied the main attention of the Riveter’s coaching staff as the undefeated Boilerm'akers held spirited drills this past week. Although the Boilermaker aerial defense has been anything but leaky in sweeping through eight straight games, limiting the opposition to 29 completions in 98 aerial attempts for a net gain of 396 yards, an average of slightly less than 50 yards per game. Coach Elmer Burnham pointed out that stopping Hoernschemeyer will be by far the hardest task that the Riveters have had to face all season. The necessity for alertness on the part of the secondary in combination with a rushing line was emphasized throughout the week. The Riveter coaching staff has devoted much time during the past week to replacements for the service membeis of the squad who were recently transferred. A large share of this time is being devoted to freshman possibilities, including Raymond Schultz, a Navy trainee from Lane Tech, Chicago. Schultz is being groomed to back up Vacanti at quarterback, and he may see action in the Indiana game. Meanwhile all is not a bed of roses in the Hoosier camp The Michigan game dotted the Indiana lineup with numeious injuries which will not be easy to replace, especially on an all civilian eleven. Most notable of Indiana’s injuries are such stais as Captain John Tavener, Guard J. C. Coffee, Tackle Jesse McCune and Back Jimmy Alleidice, who were mainstays of the foimer Hoosier attack. Howevei “Bo” has another week in which to condition these stars or find new ones to take then places.
By Wally Brown Bob Plevo has assumed mi^st of the responsibility for right tackle since John Genis was transferred to another station by the Marines. Bob has gained considerable experience on the squad by alternating with Genis through the early part
ROBERT PLEVO
“I wish people could get a real view of how the boys out there suffer,” related Captain John H. Papurca, former University student, in an interview Friday afternoon as he was watching the varsity football squad practice. Captain Papurca, a member of the United States Marine Corps and a veteran of the South Pacific battle area, was captain of the 1941 Boilermaker wrestling squad, graduating that same year. Contacting a tropical disease while on duty against the Japs, John was granted a thirty day convalescjence leave and was shipped back to the States. He has been back for about three weeks but does not expect to return to the battle front for six months, because of an armed force regulation. 14 MONTHS ACTIVE DUTY Two weeks after his graduation from the University, John entei’ed the Maiine Corps and has spent the last fourteen months in the South Pacific in such places as Samoa, New Zealand, New Caledonia, Guadalcanal and Munda. While on Guadalcanal, he was in charge of a heavy weapons company. Speaking of life in the vicinity of Henderson Field, Capt. Papurca said, “I saw only one snake the whole time that I was there, and that was while I was on patrol. Our biggest pests, besides the Japs, were lizards and large spiders; the lizards seeming to have a mania for sharing foxholes with the boys.” He described the men as all decidedly interested in sporting events back in the States, and said that they eagerly await short wave broadcasts of the actual contests and the scores of the same. Nearly every regiment where he had been, issues their own news-sheet. When he was asked about the foxhole situation on Guadalcanal John replied, “It is difficult to induce the men to build their shelters when they first arrive in the battle area, but as soon as they have been subjected to their first Jap air-raid, they need no encouragement to dig, and to dig deep.” Although he is able to repeat endless incidents and terrors of modem warfare that he has seen, he is prohibited from doing so. THRILLED TO BE BACK Asked how it felt to be coming back to this country, he said, “That Golden Gate bridge was so bright that it looked like solid gold and the boys all stood and deck and cheered as our ship entered the boy. As soon as I landed, I picked up a newspaper and was very much surprised to see the Purdue fotball squad in the headlines, and more surprised to see them right alongside of Notre Dame.” John had his heart set on seeing a football game, his first in two years, but didn’t know until the other day that Michigan State had cancelled their game with the Riveters originally scheduled for yesterday. He thought that he might jouimey to Evanston to witness the Noti'e DameNorthwestein battle.
Electricians Jump Gun In Basketball Tourney
By Bill Garber, A/S The pounding of fast moving feet, the thud of a leather ball against the hardwood floor, the swish of a ball through a leather-thonged basket—all signify the start of another basketball season. But way
Professor Murphy
Speaks On Russian
Foreign Relations
Classified
Ads
Money to Loan: On diamonds, watches, ^uns, luggage, typewriters. iVlbert's Iioan Office, 407 Columbia. /
Typewriters; Adding macmiies, all make^ sold, rented repaired and purchased Mimeograph work done, C. J. Ebershoff, 606 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779.
of the season. For this reason he has proved himself valuable to Coach Buinham, who has given him the starting assignment for the Minnesota game. Bob’fe home is Chicago, 111., where he played for the Bowen High School eleven. At Bowen he was on the basketball, football, wrestling and track teams. When asked who was the gieatest lineman he had faced this season, he leplied without hesitation that it was Minnesota’s Paul Mitchell. We feel, howevci, that Bob held his own. And ho made a bi illiant showing foi a fieshmen staiting his first game. Bob is majoiing in P. E. at the present time but he hopes to take a pi e-med couise aftei the war. He does not, however, expect to be in school much longer because of his draft status. He is 18, and has been oidcied to lepoit foi his physical on November 20. Bob stands 6 feet 2 and weighs 230 pounds. He considers his large flame an advantage, and he admires little fellows who have the fight to play college football. Bob took the V-12 test and hopes to join the Marines, but whichever blanch of the service he chooses we wish to join with the lest of the school in wishing him the best of luck.
Notices
Code Instruction: Classob ir Beginners, Secondary (6-12 W P. M.), and Advanced (12 W P. M ) Code Instruction are being oiganized Sections will meet two (2) hours poi weeks, Monday through Fuday at 4 and ") p m. Classes will begin Monday, Novembci 15, and will continue foi a period of six (b) weeks. Sign up in the Supply Room in the Armory prior to 4 p m Novembei 15. Non-mihtar> students arc welcome -HESTERBERG
Book Exchange Closes Tomorrow
Tau Beta Pi Actives and Alumni Members; The initiation of the scmi-teim pledges and the initiation banciuct will be held on Tuesdav, November lb, staiting at 5pm in room 355 of the Union All members aie cordially invited to attend —WORMSER
Sigma Alpha Epsilon Fraternity; Meeting in room 355 of the Union at (> :30 p m Monday, Novembei 15 Please be prompt - JONES
Union Sophomores: Those who petitioned for jobs in August may pick up then keys in the Union office —BOWLBY
Purdue Mode] Railroad Club: AH inleiC'^ted in running on cither the “O” oi “HO” guage layout phone a list of available equipment to Skillen at 41311 - SKILLEN
Because of rush, hours of the Student Book Exchange have been changed. Instead of operating until Wednesday the exchange will close tomorrow. All books or money must be collected by 5 p. m. tomorlow. If any books are left, they will be turned over to the Army. Money will be returned to the Book Exchange fund. New hours of the Exchange aie from 1 to 5 tomorlOW. About 700 books have been taken in by the exchange with approximately 600 of this number being sold. Compared to intersession, this indicates that about twice as many books were handled.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting of the Chnstian Science Organization to be hold in th'^ towci room of the Union at 7 30 p m luesday, Nov 16 A hubincbs meeting will follow immcdi xtely aftciwaid. tj -SCHWANDT
PIA To Hold Callout
Crew Workers On “Pursuit of Happinebs” AH eiew workers on * Pusuit of Happinebs” iLPOit to Fowler Hall Tuesday at 4 p m —STERNBERG
For Ambitious Coeds
“Deyelopment of Russian Foreign Relations Up to the Present” was the topic of a talk by Prof. Murphy of the History Department at a meeting of the International Relations Club, held last week. Murphy told the group that Russo’s foreign policy in the 1920’s was not as isolationistic as most people believed. Other nations, in spite of Russian advances, ignored her because they considered communism troublesome. In 1930 Russia renounced any interest in an international workers’ organization, and during the period from 1930 to 1939 other nations grew more friendly toward her, including the United States, which accorded her formal recognition. Germany and Russia Bargain Germany, in the period just before the war, had a contempt for Russia but saw the advantage of an alliance with her. Russia also saw the advantage (^f such an alliance. “Stalin drove a hard bargain with Germany. Even then he was trying to round out the Russian border to protect her vitals and give her troops space for maneuveiing,” Murphy stated. “Our cooperation with Russia came as a shock to many people not accustomed to thinking in terms of international politics,” he continued, “but for a long time the American worker had been in sympathy with the U. S. S. R. because she had acted in the Spanish Civil War instead of merely talking. Since England and the United States have allied themselves with Russia, the governments have been trying to create a favorable attitude toward Russia among the American people. “Russia will expect certain territorial concessions in the Balkans, Poland and the Baltic states,” Murphy concluded, “but if she has confidence in the United Nations’ cooperation in the peace settlement, her demands will be less.”
ahead of the start of the regular, season has been the little publicized but much playing Naval Electric cians’ School teams-. t Organized by Lt. (j. g.) F. Nocera, athletic officer, the league noiv has 32 teams engaged in the competition. The teams play every^ Monday, Tuesday and Thursday, from 6:15 until 7:16. Because there are only thi'ee courts to play on, the teams play 16-minute halves, playing 15 minutes, resting 16 minutes while another team takes the floor, then resuming play for another 16 minutes. In this way six games are completed in an evening. Thirty-two Teams Entered The 32 teams entered represent four companies or the entire electrician school. To date three company champs have been determined, with the fourth company now ertgaged in the eliminations. In Company 1, section B took the honors; in Company 2, section F won, beating out section E, and in Company 3 section B took the crown. In the playoffs between the various companies, Company 3, represented by the champs, section B, beat Company 1 by a score of 20 to 7. Monday, November 16, Company 2, section F, will meet Company 3, section B, to determine the champ of the first three companies. One thing the competition has shown has been the fine spirit of sportsmanship the men have. In addition to this it has shown up some fine playei’s, one of whom. Bill Garber, Chicago, of 3B, hi^s been asked by Coach Lambert to try out for the varsity squad. Othpr men who have shown latent abilities are Domyan, 3B; Ellinger and Crosby of IB, and Schmpder qnd Stone of 4G.
Purdue Players; Players and apprentice players compuNo'v mcetinp Wednesday at 7.30 p m. Tickets will be distiibuted -STERNBERG
Sipma Alpha Epsilon Fraternity: Meotinp m looiyi 155 of the Union at 0 30 p ni Monday Please be prompt —JONES
Waiters Wanted—Apply to Rosenbaum
724.
Wanted—Students to woilc in Union Caf<term and also on aimy and namy lines 45 to 00 cents pel houi
War Fund
Enpineer Staff: Meeting: Monday, Novorn ber 15 in loom 364 of the Union at 5 p n' All members must be there at that time —FISCHER
Student Help Wanted—Male , part time. Apply Mr Cioekett, Puidue Memorial Union office, 4 p m to 11 p m
Wanted—Boys to work in Aimy and Navy kitchen durinp serving time Excellent pay I Apply Service Office Car> Hall
For Kent—Double student room with piivate bath Coeds or eds may applv Call
Where Is The Navy?
The Exponent callout for the service .staff has resulted in s-ev-eral soldier additions, but as yet sailors and marines have not been around. How about getting your • news into the paper? Interested men may come do>\n after 4 p. m. most any daj, especially on Monday, Wednesday and Friday.
(Continued from page 1) Business Men Exceed Quota The West Lafayette Business Men’s group has gone over its quota of $1140 with gifts totaling $1366, exclusive of the Purdue State Bank By noon Fiiday, $100,864 was the total ol contiibutions in Tippecanoe County as against a quota of $122,121. If the quota is reached, it will bo divided so that .$69,689 will lemain heie as the county’s shaio; $5880 will go to the local USO budget, and $50,558.15 will be the shaie oi the local Community Chest.
Sigma Alpha Mu
. . . social fraternity, aiinounces the pledging of the following men: Charles Cohen, Chicago, 111.; Gerald Fine, Baltimore, Md.; Walter Friedman, Brooklyn, N. Y.; Donald Gold, Rochester. N. Y., and Maivm Posses, Rock Island, 111.
Tomorro\v afternoon at 4 PIA will hold a junior nurses aid callout. All coeds, independent or organized students, are invited to attend. Coeds agree to work in either St. Elizabeth or Home Hospital one night a week from 4:30 to 7:30. Evening meals will be served to aids on duty. The work consists of running errands, filling water glasses and carrying trays and the aids help relieves the strain on registered nurses. University coeds have made this program a success and have done much to alleviate the present shortage of nurses by undertaking several of the lighter nursing duties, such as leeding the patients and bed making.
War Veterans
All students who have had service in the United States Army, Navy or Marine Corps since December 8, 1941, and who now hold a medical discharge, should report to the Dean of Men’s Office at once. —DEAN OF MEN.
Luise Rainer and Arturo do Cprdova are starred in Paramount’s gripping story of the “underground army,” “Hostages,” now at the Lafayette Theatre. Paul Lukas, William Bendix and Katina Paxinou are also featured.
Buy War Bonds
Up there in the Univer.sity of Toronto, where housing pi oblenrs area main issue, students find themselves inflicted with an even greater rat surplus. Suggestion tor extei - minuting the vermin came lioiir a professor at Dartmouth Uiiiveisity who found through expei iments tliat rats are susceptible to liozen pudtlirig flavored with sheiiy They heroine so-so inebriated you can catch them (the rats) with YOFR BARE HANDS What’s »«ur definition of “rat”?
Let's
Talk
Turkey!
Phone 4081
DELIVERY FREE
Northwesfern at Vine Street
NOW'S YOUR CHANCE .
to buy your
DEBRIS (Purdues Yearbook)
3.50 jcit onhf^ 3.50
Sold by Debris Office and Salesmen
BK
SuhMJubsL Iflow! to Purdue Exponent
Subscription to be mailed 16 weeks $1.60 Subscription to be mailed 12 weeks .. .$1.20 Regular subscription 16 weeks $1.25 Regular subscription 12 weeks $ .95
Name Address Where delivered to.
Date
12 weeks Q 12 weeks []]] (Cheek one)
Clip coupon ami return to Exponent Office in sub-basement of Union
)!W