IlllinbUSf 4$; $tuithi Oi
l^otn Dame, 7; V/isconsiii, 1. Ifidiatia, 5B; Butter, Q,
S&f Pitf INf rgh, 7
. 18,89.
Hit Htnhito
Volume 55, No; 17
Purdue Umiyerslty, vy^st; Lafeyette, ludi^itii
Suud^, ^pteiUkiilr 27^ l$42'
Usplciyf Q^nse; njjj.
sQuf ror iccwns
’imowiez
Sayad Id Present
Mfudh M 3 P. At .;
^ ifa^lly; jlstiilbrttettt'Siioytk;;Editor,:.
About twenty thousand pepple .^uraed out yesterday afternoon in Ross-Ade Stadium to
/■Qi/ficfsiion ^ fighting Boilerma,ker eleven going down to defeat before the Rams of Pordlmm. The
game was a iieartbreaker for the (iold and Black, who drove again and again deep into Fpfd-
HGsdoUSFtGtS y/ilt OcCUGy ^Gfnorisl ' ^am territory only to ipse the bail a few scant ya,rds from the goal.
bisplaying an overland attack that delighted tbe fans, surprised the sports observers and astounded the Rains, the Boilermakers smashed their Way through the Fordham defenses. . —————-i—-r-—^ and stopped dea,d mdst of the -—'''v'"'' ''' ' •——
AKefrQ/wiftariSfSrWi/f Feature Opera Arias At Segp^ Convocation
Dedicatory rituals of the Neeley Memorial Foundation building, new headquarters of the University Wesley Foundation, located on State Street across from the Library, will be held this afternoon at 3. The building, which has been in the s;tages of construction for'the past several months, will be dedicated by Bishop Titus Lowe, resident bishop of the Indianapolis area of the Methodist .— ——— Church, Indianapolis. T/> Ta/j^ Rev. GttQi;§ppl;t,;,Steele, di- V^loflvw § Q I rector of tjhe Fpupdat|ipa^ will ^ ri ^ ^ <» ? - preside .at-'f^e pj^gr^/whicbi. jf 0 All ^^BhlOtS
wiiUpclqdjB an address,b/R
StGadfast
Riel I^j’pollinger.'se^^^ of.'the
]\Jethotlist p.epartmerit o'f Student f'T
■jt, -t
'■'V
irteer Tb PUeuss Ifi4!ustfiai ReUtioiis
Work.’iSfdshvMle, Tenn. I’lie builcl- \ irlg will'bo presOhted by its general cbntractbr, Kdi*! H. Kettfelhut, of West Lafayette,‘to Dv. Bert D.
Beck, pyiesideht^f the feoaVd of Di- ErWo^ler,.I>iretetbr<of Personr^ctqrs bf 'the 'Foundatipn. ' University, announced ,Tb,e construction of the two-story that' Harry Newton' Clarke, Indus- . aild'basement structure was made ti'ial Relations Engineer from Clevephssible by the bequest of Thomp- land, bhio; has been scheduled to son G. Neeley of Anderson, who spend three days oh the campus— died in 1936. The building is a SOpt, 30, Oct. 1 and 2. n^morial to Hester Ann Neeley,; Clhrke'will ipeet with all engiaunt of the donor, whose name is neering and science seniors at specar.vedj i^ the stone door head, cial tiipes scheduled for the various over’ th^ entrance to the .studOnt schoolsj and students will be excused lounge; .The cost of,the building and classes to hear his talks. Vogfhrhishihgs, was $66,000. jgj, emphasized that the talks would .'fjjXhe, main structure is set back be valuable to students planning to 76 feet from the State street side- gq into the armed forces as well as "^hlk, at 'the corner''of State and those planning to go into industry, Sh^etz,8.trejt,§- :Thd design of the as the discussions will deal with bfeiding is 'a brick Glothic u.sing leadership. • 4tofte trim'at all windows. •Over the Many Years Experience ^st db^w^is the aymbej of the- Clarke has had wide experience ^esley F^ridation arid in the panel for niany’years in conducting exeb^tween the two dressing rnoins is supervisory training protbe mask of the Wesley Players, grams in a large number of Indus-
both carved out pi, Indiana lime-
tstohe.
Bid.
. . at fullback position was Buffington, senior back,
Rams’onslaughts. The factor that provediatal to the Riveters’ victorji hopes was the vaunted aeriar^tack of the Easterners. After about five unsuccessful atte’^Pfs to connect with passes the Rams’ star, Steve Pilipowicz, finally got the range and set off the spark that won the contest for his otherwise outplayed team. Harris kicked off opening the game, and the ball was taken by Andrejeo who was dropped by Ruggieri on the 24. Pilipowicz then commenced operations and in the next 3 plays got exactly 6 yards. Pilipowicz’ kick was taken by Smock, who raced to his own 39 before being downed. The Boilermakers were unable to gain and gained on the exchange of punts as Bob Hajzyk dropped one on the Ram 16, where Hearn grabbed it and returned it to the 23.” Try Field Goal The next 3 downs netted the Rams an even 2 yards and they again
Pass JossGr
kicked, and the Boilermakers fol-
whose offensive and defensive lowed suit. With the ball in Ford-
taefics backed maker line.
up the Boiler-
Bidu Sayao, lovely young star of tbe Metropolitan Opera, will knd her voice to a concert in the Music Hall next Saturday, when the Gopimittee on Convocations presents its second program of the current seniester. Miss Sayao will present a program of light opera pieces aiid concert riuhibers. Her Latin American beauty has lie&p recognized by many,
and recently she waf labeled the ^‘gjamdf girl of the Metro-
Sfuefenf Senate
Anmunces
Sixteen Senatoi's
Chosen Last
student Sepsite electipijs ffiy.sogbr:
pblitaii Opera’’- She was born ih Rio d3 4ahei?Pt lived m Brazil most of her life, but has spent:, SQme years in Europe Studying miimc and appearing before the public. At present, there are no qther South American w'omgp on the roster of the Met.
'TorineV pii P'^at Visit
- ThOngh Mias Sayao’s first visit td .the, l$tates. wps in the role of
tries; Among these are the Ford Motor Company, Sdeony - 'Vacuum
•The first floor includes the stu- Oik Company and the United States
dent lounge, which will be used as Government,
a social'center, ancUthe library ad-
All Stucleiit@
joining the lounge. Also on the
main flooi- are four Offices and con-
Vogler stated that the University is very fortimate in being able to
ference rooms fbr the administi'a-
services for the
series' of lectures. He says that
tiye staff, and a standard class room outstanding where accredited wor e m le igious pgj.gojjj,gi jjnjj industrial relations
education may be carried out The second floor features the Great Hall which has a 17-foot deep (See DEDICATION, page 4)
authorities in the country. Lecture Schedule The schedule of lectures is as fol-
lows:
Wednesday, September 30 11:00 a, m.—Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering Seniors, Rm.
302, ChE Bldg.
4:00 p. m.—Student Industrial Re-
22 ^IGSGI PdsiQjfhS lations and Personnel Board, West
Faculty Lounge.
’v.'TilrsC'^cliss'.'df fddfs'iel- engineers 7:30 p. m. Ehgine'ering Staff
graduated from the NavalTraining Meeting, West Faculty Lounge. Seiio'dl last Wednesday night; The Thursday, October 1
class'dbiisiated of'twenty-iiwo'en- 11:00 a. m.—-Civil Engineering
signs, eleven of whorrt haye recently .Seniors, Rm. 201, CE Bldg.
Rules governing participation in extracurricular activities have been announced by the Activities Bureau. In order to be eligible for a managerial, elective or appointive office, a student must have a 3.5 scholastic index average for all his previous academic work at the Univer’sity. 'The eligibility of all transfer students during their first s*-
ham’s possession, Litwa, freshman,
came in to punt.. Smock ran the ''; " fo ball back to the Fordham 41. On i.- „ i u
,, . , 1 i. w A . touchdown, was Johnny the next play a lateral from And- A; ' retich to Smock netted 4, and a dretichj roily halfback drive by Andretich chalked up first spotted Fred Smerke in down number 1 of the fray. Stymied open with a six-point pass,
on the 26, Henry Stram was nominated to attempt a field goal, booting from the 34. The ball was barely short, sailing just under the
crossbar.
Taking over the ball on their 20, Fordham in the pei'son of workhorse Filipowicz made another attenipt to penetrate the Riveter defenses and then Ospski caught the Boilermakers ; with a quick kick which went clear down to the Boilermaker 32. Coming right back on the very next play. Bob Hgjzyk quick-kicked and Fordham was back on its 26. On the third down Filipo-
omore and juniors representatlV'ea toutisti" fiho, found herself in anfor tbe present semester w6re hfel,d otheF rolfe, that ,qf Rossetti’s lady last Friday afternobn from 3 till in; /^i&lbsaed' banibzei’’, before she 6:30 in the ]Vlem;oriaT Union.: , leR.; While’traveling in this copnJunlor representatives, elected, tb; ttyj ,s)ib;!|bsppene4-to meet Art'iro the various positions ■vyere: : Lois 'Tosbanini?'whb reipeinbered hearing Caldwell, Home Economics; RuSSpl hep in p rspWeBsiui role in Europe
Hardin, Agriculture; Ed, Pingle; seyepal yntirs befbiVb.
Rharma.cy and Rhysical Education; He asked her if she knew the role WUUam Lester, Electrical Erigi- of the Blessed Damozel of DebusSy, neering; Arthur Hunter, Chemical and when ‘ he .rbe^yed a. negative Engineering; Peter Schwab., Ciyil; pria^ef,;he WWRbr; ‘"Fhen go home
and Public Service Engineering, and' aiid. slVdy - iH‘
Boilermaker Rhillip Wdqlery,•Mechanical^Erigi-”week.”;’;.Thus;lilSs^yao made her
Arj^vyho the
Any corrections or additions, to, the new Student Directory should be reported to the office of the
Dean of Men. —GOLDSMITH
neering. ^ , A'nlerican;deibut, VdtH t^e:New York Tbbyd wps a tie between Jess Ault ;Pbilhhfcnibnic--SyittpKony Orcbestfa
and John McKirizie. for the :junior in • April, idto; . representative position in the ScL $UBg Af White',Hpnae •
ence School. As yet no means, of Well liked wherever she has apdetermiriingdhe winner has heen set. peared, Bidu Sayao (pronounced Eight Sophomores Elected •. B^-d'oo Sigh-yow) Rgs sung at the In the Sophomore elections; Hob- White House and; at ’the Presidenert Wing, Rifchard Weltyi, :Judd ti^i Palace in her nptive tongue and Year arid Toni Spitler have received i® .4 .8P?d fD®Rd af; both • President the engineering representatiye pdsi; Rpo/eyelt arid President Vargas of
tions. Other; Sophomore , positiiann ; ; . ,
Went to'Jeanne Crane', Science; Wilr Idiss -Sayao’s appearance in the liarn. DeUsterburg, Pharriiacy arid MuSie Hall Will begin at 7:30 p. m. PE; Jane Nelson, Home Ecdhoniics, arid adniiSsion wilF be by passport
arid Wallace Cook, Agriculture.
Naval Training Schdol GraduafGS
mester at this University will be
subject to the approval of the Dean wicz dropped back to print and tglcof Men or the Dean of Women; un- ing the ball, ran all the way down til those students first receive to the Riveter 42. Two plays later semester grades. Filipowicz dropped well back and
.• . . student at West Lafayette High School and son of Prof, and Mrs. F. J.,Allen, will present ^ pianp recital this afternoon at 4 in the Union’s Music Room as part of a series of weekly concerts. Prof.
Senior Pomade
4:00 p. m.—Mechanical Engineer-
been promoted'to this rank. These
iriert began classes at the Training ing Seniors, Rm. 207, ME Bldg. Sbhbolvju'iy e, arid since then they Friday, October 2
hkyb brien Studying the theory, construction, operation an,d maiuten-
arict! of deisel engines
9:00, a. m.—Electrical Engineei’ing Seniors, Rm, 117, EE Bldg. 10:00 a. m.—Electrical Engineer-
]ViriSt ;‘of the officers will'be as- ing Seiiior.s, Rm. 117, Fe Bldg, slgried'to active duty on the deisel 1:3,0 p. m.—Faculty Personnel povibved ships of the fleet, includ- Representatives, Rm. 330, Union
ing/ rriany new types. Lt. Com- Bldg.
itiandei ‘ Hart, commanding officer 4:00 p. m.—Science Seniors, Rm.
at the School, was' the principal 211, SC Hall.
gpeUk'at a'dinner given for the grud-
riUtosi arid Prof. E. P.' Miljer, who had.'eha'fge'of the school for the University, jpassfeddut'certificates to the
graduates.
PIA Dincing
Select BandOfficers For Coming Year
There shall be an official list prepared twice a year by the registrar’s office, which shall show the current composite index of each student enrolled in the University and shall be the basis for decision of eligibility. This list is now available and will again be available in the spring. Copies of this official list shall be placed in the hands of the Dean of Men and Dean of Women, Dilector of Engineering Personnel, and the head of the Activities Bureau. Copies of a further list coiir taining only eligible students shall be distributed to deans, heads of scliools, divisions, departments and leaders (faculty and student) of student extra-curricular activities.
A passing health
necessary for
dent Health Service shall notify the Dean of Men, the Dean of Women, and the Activities Bureau of any change of health grades which should restrict the activity of the
tossed one deep and far to Malinow- Allen is a member of the Chemistry
ski on the 6, who trotted.^ver for/
the first touchdown. Ososkrs con- . /
Outing to an unfottui;iaU, and unforeseen incident, the compiete returns ior the senior parade, as yet, are not availajhlo. qiiently, thu vrinner q£ tflo G- Ar. Youpg 'TrpRhy will fle ,uj<uiou|Uced, in the Tuesday Exponent,
or ,se|iS9A Uriket. No seats -will be
Alrifel® admis-
slbn;^ickets wUl be ofl sale; for $1.00. A coimiillte prio^ani for the convocatibri win faX pribh'sheff ift the Ex-
ponbht It a Idtbrfdate,
vei'sion was good. ■' ‘ Hajzyk ran the kickoff back to the. 40 but the Boilermakers were forced to kick and the boot 'Went out on the (See FORDHAM GAME, page 3)
Sponsors pGi^ar Prdgrarn For Nayy ^rainGGs
Lipstick , * V Sarohy Signed Lamour Offered AsPmeJuilSDXaAssdl
SDX has ddne it again!
In their firm resolve to make the
University Grdei,’'oUZouaves will Riveters Rassle, the biggest, most: hold a callout tomorrow at 4 p. m. unusual dance of tfle year. Sigma in the armory for all students en- Delta Chi is offering a personally' l olled in , either basic or advanced autographed sarong of Dorothy La-
WBAA if spon^ririg a regular pro^yapl oh, Wednesday afternoons at, 6:16' feritpring the University’s Navy men; Their first program, given last Wednesday, was entitled “Here Comes the Navy.” "The first call, for volunteers to tgkepgrtin dramatic radio play was unsuccessful as very few of the boys
deadline for voting,has been set for I’esponded; however, many flocked Tuesday night at 12:03. Any votes to .th^, tryopte. when they underreceived later will npt be tabulated, stood tl^t .this was simply an Votes to select who will be‘-^Queen. fhow an.d waf to. bri enterof the Sandbags” has begun at a tainrneht for them as well as for the
grade is also military who are interested in an mour as a door prize to be awarded f^^i^^ograS’s haV^ beeA tSS^Iftt^ ^ They^are imder the dkection of eligibility. The Stu- extra military activity. at The dance next Friday night - ^ votes being do£ty the Mrs. C, ,i|. Wall,; production man-
A tryout period, during which the Dottie s signature was obtained f • j r5 ..1'..
men are taught the art of marching Thursday evening before her
“ typewriters massage nigthod. If yw who is not only
. Purdue Itldi^emfeiit atudeiits^ annual series o| dance classes will begin Tuesday at 7:30 p. vci, in the North Ballrboin of the Union. Glasses will be held oiV sricceeding Monday.s.'-' : , (>nly stri'd'eflts tvith PIA memberships •will be admitted to thq class. Co.eljB will'bri 'admitted free while edsHvillbe charged a $2.60 lee. Tickets* ritay lie Inif'chased al the HI A table'in'front qf the Siyeet Shop, in thri'PIA'oftice or at the lirst class. Instrilctor of the class will bq Pearl Aileii of the Allen School,, of Dancing,
t Byt. Gdpiafdi'Dkn C. Ross will head the commissioned oflicers of the' Military Band during the coming year, it was announced Friday by Prof. P. S. Emrick. Ro.ss will hold the'position of Band Adjutant. Byt. Captain W. A. Hammer will be the band’s Military Officer and Detail Ojlicer will be Bvt. Captain R. J. Coep’s. R. K. Gast has been commissioned a First Lieutenant and will head the Supply department. ■The'remairider of tlii? commissioned officers Selected were announced as I'o.IIo'Wh: F. Bgss, Bvt. l.st Lieut, and Personnel (iffleer; H. W. K;och, 2nd, Lfflfl" ■ arid Pubilicity Officer; (1. (/.Huffman, 2nd Lieut, and Assistant MditaVy Officer; arid F. T. Hemler, Bvt. 2iid Lieut, gnd Assistant to the Director,
w'nnf vniivniippn rowin vot^atrainst coachipg them in. draipatics, but is
in the Zouave mgnnev and handling pearance ip the stadium. The gar- .Ue others, for all vbS&^Ccmnfe teaching them some of the t«chthe rifle, will be conducted for ap- ment will be placed, on display ip ^ are being kept in niques of souW ejects,'
proximately one month with drill front of the Sweet Shop this week, ' f • .• iw’ w . J J J J . . . . a large container m the Exponent
individuals concerned. Nairies of P®“ods Monday, Wednesday and Accompanying the autograph are anyope who wishes to
those declared ineligible for health some lipstick marks made by the ' reasons shall be suitably indicated Zouave squad presented two screen star with her own lipstick.
on the official list.
In Passing
mudbail says hey clarence you no i went two the game yesterday i think we have sum team i see two that d(»(ty signed a sarong four sdx thursdpy night i am goipg two the rassle two win the garpmn.t four my girl fviend the girl needs something two gq with her feet wlieii she doesnt ware shoes mudbail
Corps Dgy drills last week to acquaint new stucle.nts with its activ-
ities and also to.ok part in the Army tha_winner, numbered tickets will be War Show Thur.sday night, Aim of giyen to Brawlers as they enter, the
verify the election rpB.ultis, A take was made on thfe copriiting qf
Tho sarong is made of a blue flow- when'the first retwri^ w>pg
ered material. In order to determine
^tomdiTow
'Bfetitiorifit ire duo tomorrow from
squad members is to train and pro- ballrooms. Corresponding stubs will 1 OOOflOO
mote a desire in both themselves and be kept by the ticket takers. The '■ I’nnnOflO ®?*®**°*^ Hhidh Will be held
, , ^ Penny Pennington ....1,000,000 Wednesday lor freshman renreatfn.
published last Friday. Thg trufe xe.-
turns are is follows: - -
others to better the efficiency and lucky sUib will be drawn out of. a appearance of the corps in carrying derby ■by the “Queen of the Sand-
out its work in the Upiversity.
Penningti
Dottie Ditmann
,, Ruth Wilcox
Mary Lou Sternberg
Biggest break for the Rassle com- Alice Ghatfield ....... mittee yet presented itself last Week pritha Kumarappa
... will hold callouts Thursday fOt gll Whri aye iptcrested in their fall activities. The group is planning several one-act plays, radio plays
over WBAA and a longer play to. be -I'owdy Free Netherland performed on the stage of the new Wurst Liberty Band.
when the Royal Swedish Refugee. Nedra Ann Pierce....; Drum Corps signed to perform at Burly Bob Seeburger....:
the dance. The subway setting of the Mable Vaughn ballrooms amid the war-time air, Tillie Croll raids and blackouts will feature the Sis Wiley
Weiner Vivian Peterson .1
Betty Ann McCreery....,
Wednesday Iqc frphma,ri, repjea^
.l,00fl,000 t^ti'ves to the Asaocigted Women
.1,000,()0Q Students qqcddutive bogy^d-
. 998,75ft Petitions should fle turned in to 998,000 the, AWa office or to Tillie Croll in Ofttv^Oft WRH Wood arid sRould have the
Foundation Building. The players Sigma Delta Chi officials urged Virginia Barson ............. welcome all students interested in that mimeograph presses and tyfle- Ruth Frier building stage equipment. ' writers begin working fggt, g?, tl^(^ Jean Patriek
997i00Q signature of twenty-five coeds on 996,'7M) the foilriwing form: We, tha under&96,SvO signed, do hereby nonrinate.,,....... 996,^0 f^ tbe position of fresh9^4,®0 m)»it re|resepitgtive of the AWS 993,W Rxeeutiye Bogr-d f or the fall of 1949. 9HRS0 tvfO fbih-esentgtiveg will be el^^^ 99^60 ed by tfle' cbedg who pfeseni fresh991/,95(1 ihgh phaspo^ gt the vottrig plaee.
,260 Which ■#iil hoAhAhdJigiQft,
iiHii
' "J 1*^ I ,.?>
" 1 ^ '-M
./f - ’'.tPage 2
Purdue Exponent
Sunday, September 27, 1942
Purdue Exponent
Offices: Edifdrial and Basinet*, Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sport'S, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Editnr-ln^Chicf Nows Editor >inn7i|rinjr Editor .. Sports Editor tlusiiicss Manager . Cnci! Editor
.....JohA P. Amoi T. Brophy ...John' H. Armstrong .;..:...Robert L. HadUy Ken K. Gjemre ......Alice Chataeld
PublicalSoh Staff . Associate Editors Editfirlal Staff: D. W. Ochciltrec, A. P. Hunter, W. E. Rafert, 1.). K. lUitz, W. G. Hoskins, R. W. Bosxvink|e, K. Roquemore, s. vvoir. . , Sports Staff: D. E. Brewer, J. S. Dawson, D. Shryer, C.
Coinl.S.alT: Solly Beall, Charlotte H^s, Jean Lauer, Elaine
Ahr
Business Staff Cued Biisincsy Manager: Julia Martin. .Advoilis.nx Managers: J. M. Wright, D. L. Johnson, J. Petty. Circulation Manager: G. H. Klouman. .\cc.'»unt.s Manager: Tiena TOrrenga. Junior Coed Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane Eeim.
The Purdue Independent
Edilor-in-Chiof MonaffiriK Edi:or iliisrney.s Manager Coed Editor.... Advertising Manager.. .Aiccounfs Manager. . ... Cir™l.ition Manager:..
...Dave Barta Ed Humphrey .....Elwin Welbaum Roberta Kessler ........:..Scott Brown George Paine ..Harold Hendricks
Staff For This Issue
A’ight Editor: Hunter Sports Editor: Sowards Da:, Editor: Lauer Issue: Murphy
Eeporters: Rippetoe, Baines, Ford, Howes, Parsons, Tyson,
McGilD S.nith.
Entered as second class matter at the post office, in Lafayette'. Indiana, under the act of Congress of -March 3, 1879, p.;k1 at thi: special rate of- postage provided foi* in .Section 111.!", act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. P’lbiislud on Tuesday, Thursday, Friday and Sunday mornings during tii.-- year. Delivered locally by carrier for $1.7B for a f:-nv.-vt.cr or ,$3.00 for two semesters; by mail.for $2.00 for a .«! mt s-ler or $3.50 for two semesters. , summer .semester ; mailed subscription $1.BQ. K. presented for national advertising by National Advertisin'^ Service, inc.. College Puhlishers Representativea, 420 -MatUeon Ave.,. New Ybrlv, N, Y.
<^e VfilSUIKfiTO^ Tm R'*9 U $ Pat Ol<. MERRY-GO-ROUND By DrIw PEARSON
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
New Washmgfon Apartment Gets Mile Of Banned Copper Tubing For Cooling System
About Face...
The Honorable Henry L. Stimson has spoken again, and in so doing has done^ complete about-xace in his attitude toward students in the Enlisted Reserves. His bulletin, which appeared in full in Friday’s Exponent, told Enlisled Reservists that the Arniy was still very much in need of university-trained specialists, and that “it is hopedi that the colleges will maintain their training of students in engineering, medicine and other sciences”, triierefore, if Mr. Stimson does have any real say in the matter, he infers that the government tentatively plans to allow, us students .to finish school. , . ■ ... His other announcement, made a week earlier, stated that “college students who are members of the Army Enlisted Reserve will all,-or.for. the most part, be calledsto active duty at the end of the term now beginning....” Now we students honestly want to do what’s
r-ignt
If the government wa:nts us to go in the
armed forces at the end of this semester, or wait until we finish our education, either course is all! right with us. But we want to knovr which course to plan oh. The Enlist'pd Reservists are not'an isolated case, but we’ dwell upon this status'because we think it indicates a trend in government attitude toward university students in general. Students are in a quandry , about what to do and When to do it. Gonflicting statements from Stimson, McNutt ‘and Hershey, Hie nation’s Manpower Czar’s, have kept up hopping from pillar to, post until we don’t
know where to turn.
The logical^ solution to this problem of alloea.ting manpower-—not only student, but war vcorkers as well—is to have one man with a definite plan in charge of the entire problem. The plan could allow for no such blunders as Stimson’s statements, a week apart, telling .students first that they must plan to legve ;.chool very soon, and second that they will continue their training.—w.g.h.
WASHINGTON—The Dorchester is Washington’s newest and most swank apartment house. Located on Embassy RoW it nestles near the Italian and Spanish Embassies, looks down on the rest of Washington sizzling in the heat below. And in mid-sumimer even the Dorchester itself is hot, especially the top floor. On July 22, the WPB issued order M-&-C-4 v/hich prohibited anyone after that date from using copper tubing for plumbing, heating or non-military purposes, even if he had a reference rating. On August 3—ten days after this order—a large amount of copper tubing was delivered to the roof of the Dorchester Hotel; The resident^ on the top. floor \vere hot. A cooling system was to be installed. On August 4 and 5 more tubing was delivered, totalling a Solid mile of copper milch needed for the war; . . The next day Ernst L. FlentJe, secretary of the National Association of Master Plumbers, called this violation to the attention of the WPB. He also sent a personal telegram to Donald Nelson, telling him that he read in the newspaper that Nelson was getting “tough” and he hoped he would begin getting tough with the swank Dorchester Apartment. Flentje also asked the WPB whether its orders were issued for the purposes of being obeyed, or whether only certain people were supposed to obey them. But, nothing happened. The WPB looked into the situation. ’ That was all. The Dorchester now can be cooler than ever, but a lot of plumbers in Washington now'figure that WPB orders only apply to certain people. • Labor's Gripe Again WPB Watch for a blast soon from Sidney Hillman, former joint director of 0PM, on the contract-distribution policies of the War Production Board. Hillman has been in retirement since the reorganization which put Donald Nelson in charge of war production last winter; spent much of the time in a hospital recovering from the strain of 0PM days. Now, restored to health, he' is planning to voice some of labor’s disapproval of policies ’which have led to placing contracts in communities already choked with war work and short of manpower, .while other large sections.of the county—notably New City—face serious unemployment. Figures sho.w that in recent months more than a fourth of' all contracts have been placed in areas where labor shortages now exist; that another 60 per cent have been sent to communities where shortr ages are anticipated. Result has been migration of workers, over-crowding, and use of critical niaterials to build new hbme.s, new sewers, new buses, new school houses. . Another sore, spot in labor circles: Word has been passed along that six steel executives suggested by labor as’acceptable to head WPB’s Iron and Steel Division, were turned down because Big Steel felt they were too friendly to labor. Head of the list friendly to labor was H. E. Lewis, chairman of the board of Jones and Laughlin. Also on it were vice presidents of two United States Steel subsidiaries. ^ The job finally went to Hiland G. Batcheller, president of Allegheny-Ludlum Steel Corporation, who is just.-as unacceptable to labor as labor’s candidates were'to Big Steel, : : .
University Galendar Week of SepL 27-Ocf. 3 ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^
Sunday, September 27
3:00 P.M. Kiwanis Conference ........East Faculty Lge., Union
Monday, September 28
Kiwanis Conference ..: ..Memorial Union Building Kiwanis Luncheon North Ballroom, Union Creative Writing ;....Room 212, Union Comm, ton State of University........Room 263, Union Kiwanis Dinner ;...North Ballroom, Union Dcfen.se Committee .....Room 302, Union
Tuesday, September 29
4:00 P.M. P. b. M. M. Speaker Meeting.... Armory 6:00 P.M. Agr. Alumni Room 332, Union 7:00 P.M. P. I. A. Dancing Class Noi'th Ballroom 7:00 P.M. Nutrition Group ..Room 305, Union
Wednesday, September 30
Harry Newton Clarke Lecture West Faculty Lge., Union Poul. Assn, Business Meeting ...Old Chestnut Rm., Union St. !poul. Ass. Banquet & Dancfe...... South Ballroom, Union Engineering St:rtt' Meeting West Faculty Lge., Union
Thursday, October 1
Screen Review
Hall of Music
Friday, October 2
-and then the baby pilot said; ‘Who’s been sitting in MY P-40?’ ”
10:00 A.M. Sc. Curriculum Committfeo.. 8:30 P.M. Riveters Rassle ......................
...Room 263, Union ...South Ballroom, Union
Third Problem For Fun
Following is the third in a series of “Problems for Fun”, devised by the Math Department. One problem will appear in the Exponent every Sunday for the remainder of the fall .semester, and a prize of $10 will he awarded to the freshman or sophomore turning in the greatest number of correct solutions. Solutions should he subiuitted on .separate signed sheets, within one week after the posting of the problem. Include with each solution a signed .'itatenient that the problem was: obtained unassisted.' .Solutions are to be handed in at the Mathematic.s OHice. PROBLEMS; Find all the unknown digits, represented by x’s, in this exact division: X X X I X x X X X X X X I X
X X X X XXX
X X X X X X X X
The correct solution to last week’s problem was 79—that being the smallest number of apples that could be in the bag. Other possible values are 160, 241, 322; etc. The general form of the .solution is 81h—2 where “n”'is a postive integer.
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD ). RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 Scliuliz Bldg. 4th and Main Sts. Lafayette
Johra H. Brown
. . . ha,s completed pre-flight apd primary training and is now a basic flying cadet at the Air Force’s J' lying Scliool at Bainbridge,'Ga. Cadet Brown Wah :i :;Uidfcnt at the University before entering the Air ]''o;'(je and i.s’a member of Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity.
Lieuf. Eldon Rogers
. . . state highway engineer, and graduate of the Univei'.sily, has been commissioned a first lieutenant in the Marine Corps and is on active duty at the Marine Ba.se at Quantico, ’Va. Lieut. Rogers has held viu'iou.'i positions as a highway engineer and has obr tain'ed a leave of absence for the duration.
Aviation Cadets
. . . John P. Nagy, ’42; Levi A..Cooper, ’38; Frank 1.. Hamer, ’41; P’orrest W. Dailey, ’42; Lawrence B. ilin'iz, ’42, and Fredrick B. Lemmon, ’41, all fqrmej' si uflefitft at the University, are 'how taking pre-flight (.'oiu: es at the San Antonio Aviation: Cadet Cehterj, Texas. . ' .
Donald M. Cobbs
... is now a basic flying cadet at tljie Army Air Force’s l'’]yiiig School at Bainbridge, Ga.j He received Jiis^primaiy training at Lakeland, Fla. Cpbbs attend.ed^the Univer.sity far one year and worked for the Coll Engineering and Manufacturing Comflapy before eh tering the Armed Forces. "
• Wage-‘Price Dissention The wagerprice control bill reported out by the House Banking and Currency Committe was drafted under 'one of the most unusual parliamentary procedures in the recent history of Congress. Inside fact is, that the bill, closely attuned, to the President’s inflation message, was not written in an official meeting of the committee, but privately in the home of Representative Charles S. Dewey, capable Illinois Republican. Eleven members of the committee attended the secret meeting, all opposed to the farm bloc bill introduced by.Chairnian Henry B. Staagall of Alabama, which would have permitted farm prices to rise to 112 per cent of parity. (The President demanded 100 per cent.) Besides'Dewey, the eleven members were; DEMOCRATS—Albert Gore of Tennessee, Mike Monroney of Oklahoma, Leon Sacks of Pennsylvania, "Walter Lynch of New 'York, William Barry^ of New York and Herman Kopplemann of Connecticut. REPUBLICANS--Jesse Wolcott of Michigan, Robert Kean of New Jersey^ Ralph Gamble of New York, and John Kunkel of Pennsylvania. • Three More I ndorsers In addition, three others indorsed the “rump” bill— Representatives Rolph and Thomas Ford of California and Gjfford of Massachusetts. They were invited to the meeting, but could not attend. This made a total of 14, Next day Representative Lynch of New York, chosen as spokesman for the group, called on Steagall of. Alabama and laid his cards on the table. “We felt it was only fair to let you know about this before it comes up in the committee,” Lynch said. “A lot of us are dissatisfied with the bill you introduced and have got together and drafted another. It conforms '^ith the President’s message and includes a parity ceiling on farm prices. “A majority of the committee is behind this bill,” Lynch added. “We have 14 sure votes,” Admitting he was licked, Steagall promised to raise no objections, and didn’t when the new bill was brought up in a meeting of his committee the same day. However, he tried hard to put over one provision of his own bill, providing for a 100 per cent of parity loan floor under farm prices, to continue for three years after the war. The comnaittee reduced the floor to 90 per cent of parity, .'when it was brought .out that the President had set this figure as desirable at a meeting with Steagall and others a few days before. The Alabaman took this setback also in good grace. :“It’s always good policy to ask for more than you expect to get,” he grinned. “The President does, it himself.” Note: Contrary to reports, Steagall did not put up a strong fight for induding farm labor costs in the computation of parity. He explained that he interpreted the President’s message as advocating this, but was later informed by the White House that the President referred to labor costs in. the commodities which farmers buy. (Copyright, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate) Inc.)
PLUS
BRUCE MANNING PRODUCTION DIRECTED BY WILLIAM A. SEITER SECOND HIT
TODAY-TOMORROW
LUNA
"»»'! tmtp
^ 'i
' k\ / . t ,
September 27, 1942
ifsTilipowiczYear' \h Fordham Football
Signal Caller r
h Of Yesterday
is “Filipowicz Year” at Fordhtjjn. ’ ([The Ram senior fullback, who toi^sed both touchdown passes yesterday, and pounded the Boilermaker line, played sensationally as a -’first year varsity man in 1940, tv4nt on to win the plaudits of national sports comnienators last year for his brilliant exploits in the ]^axoon backfield, and now is No. 1' mhn on Rose Hill from the Boilei’iplsker Opener until the football campaign ends. ■''^he reason is simply that the vlt^le Fordham team this year has hien built around him—unlike the tJfiie-honored Fordham tradition of lEdulding an eleven around the
Strongest defensive man in the line.
Filipowicz Goes!
^Thus, as F^lJpoWicz, goes so goes
thh style of Fordham play this year -Aand does that Filipowicz go! One oifjthe nation's leading ground gainors last season, as well as one of its top passers. The Bull, or “Flip” a^he is more popularly known, will he^the sparkplug of the continued i^^^dham attadl^ and will be aided and abetted in the backfield thrusts by Such other remaining oifensive ^tnlwarts as George Cheverko and Jcley Andrejco, halfbacks; and Jimmy Hearn, veteran quarterback who played so superbly in the Sugar Bowl game last Jan. 1 against Mis-
spuri.
, Although an outstanding pitcher in amateur leagues back in his native Beaver Falls, Pa., Flip was forbidden to play any more baseball by his father once he became a Ram stai\Papa Filipowicz stated simply: “I’m afraid he’ll throw out his passing arm.” -'Steve is built low to the ground— about 6 feet, 8 inches and weighs 204. In statuie he resembles a lire hydji'hnt and on numerous occasions had proved as immovable as one. His modesty almost assumes shyness, tvhich never fails to amaze veteran onlookeis who have naturally expected hii^ to he affected by the trenxendous ^nount of national attention he has received since a sopho-
Sports Staff
There will be a meeting of all the Exponent Sports staff in the Fieldhouse at 4 p. m. Monday afternoon. —HADLEY
SCOBEE’S
— ALL KINDS OF PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIS — Fresh Film and Film Pks — Try Our Quality Kodak Finishing — PROMPT SERVICE — PHONE 2343 105 NORTHWESTERN AVE.
Why not take a walk over to the
PURDUE UNION
ShowMnq^ dloDJfL
find yourself a good book, curl up in one of the comfortable, easy chairs, and enjoy a perfect afternoon of relaxation.
We welcome you to take advantage of our lovely
TTIumc.
listening to the famous composi- ' dons of all time, played by your favorite artists and orchestras. Come over anytime! The Union is open to everyone!
JhjL fiWvduSL WbmifiicdL lAmmL
The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
f t «- *'”5 '' ''
Boilermaker Sports
Page S
sports Communiqueiq 3of7ermoker Cross Country Team Bv Bob Hadiev Rreparos To Defend Big Ten Title
Bobby Hajzyk alternated with Rocky Snyder in pacing the Boilermaker offensive against the mightv Ram defense Both Hajzyk ana Snyder saw considerable action from the quarter post.
Well—it happened. The Boilermakers got off to a bad start on a mur--^ derous season yesterday wifh a 14-7 defeat. The unusual fact riotp^ in the geheral air of the spectators was that no one seemed particularly put Out that their team had gone down to defeat at the hands'of afteam that from all appearances they should have beaten. No one was complaining very mhch about players, coaches, administration or eyemthe weather. ' The reason in most cases is simple. The most common^ phrase heard in the hallowed senior sections of the stands was: “The best game I’ve ever seen in this stadium!” Particularly those whose memories harken back to last season’s 27-point campaign could realljr tell the difference yesterday when the 1942 Boilermakers went on the field and fought the highly-touted Fordham Rams off their f^t. Smashing and dodging their way down the field, running through huge holes in the opposing forward wall, the Boilermakers oiitgained tfieir opponents about 2 to 1 via the overland route. Making Ifi first downs, to their opponents 6, Elmer Burnhanjl’s boys really exhibited the power and deception that has been worked into the short-punt formation they are using this year. j With evidences of a powerful attack in sight and onl^ hpe glaring weakness apparent, it looks like the team is going pla^s^ip the WesteXn Conference this fall, if injuries do not queer preset^iplans. Substitutions were few and far between yesterday. ThdiSt^ting line— Han is, Warren, Bqi'wegen, Leugo, Ruggieri, French afids- Shimer— played the entire game with the exception of Smerke’s alterjflation^with Shimer and the 3-minute Substitution of Sophomore Ott Hufrle for A1 Leugo. They played a great game. One interesting point about the game was that despite the fact that the game appeared to be a little rough at times, there was not one penalty called for roughness during the entire contest. That should indicate something. We don’t know what. , The Boilermakers’ new uniforms are good looking but they drew a certain amount of criticism in the Press Box yesterday. From a distance of a few hundred feet all the 3’s, 5’s, 6’s, 8’s and 9’s look about the same because of the low contrast between the gold letters and white background and the style of the numerals. We first noticed it when we found three 88’s playing for the Boilermakers.
By Clint Sowards
Next Saturday afternoon against the University of Illinois, Coach Hermon Phillips' cross country squad, composed of a pair of “old timers” and the rest new material, opens the 1942 cross country season here on the Boilermaker distance course which lies in the wooded hills
and valleys behind the three-hole golf course.
The distance squad this season is made up of a nucleus of two seasoned runners from last
■ ■ - year, Charlie Deusler and Derral Roach, and the rest largely green material as far as the Boilermaker institution is con-
cerned.
The two leaders of the team that last year was undefeated, in dual competition, won both the State and Big Ten Conference titles and took fourth in the National meet, namely Captain Ed Holderman and Keith
Fordham Game
more. Flip continues to confound them, however, and is looking forwaid to joining the U. §. Marines, with whom he is enlisted, upon graduation next Januax'y- In order to get into the Big Fight sooner, he attended classes at Fordham all summer, thus moving his commencement date up by four months. Earl Walsh, Fordham’s new head coach, who has unearthed such football gieats as Fiank Leahy, Alex Wojiechowicz and others, declares he has made every day Thanksgiving Day, and “I give thanks for Filipowicz twice each day.”
Reeck Receives Hearty Answer To First Call For Wrestlers
(Continued from page 1) Fordham 21. The combatants continued to exchange punts with the only break until the closing minutes of the half coming when Ken Smock smashed through the line and tore down to the Rams’ 23. pn the next play Smock dropped back to pass and found himself in the midst of a circle of maroon jerseys and the pass dropped to the ground where it was recovered by Hintenberger of the Rams. With only 2 minutes to go at the half, the Boilermakers held the ball on tha Fordham 38 and Smock hit tackle and was tackled around the ears by Elder. On the next play Andietich dropped back and flipped a pass to Tex Smerke, who raced across for the score. Stram came in to kick the point. The Rams completed a long pass from Filipowicz to Ritinski after the kickoff but on the next play Andretich intercepted a pass and the half ended with the score tied
at 7-all.
Filipowicz Again
Starting out the second half it was Filipowicz again, flipping a pass to Ososki and racing over
Acting Captain
McLaughlin, were lost to the team via graduation, and two prime members of Coach Phillips’ team who would have been a great asset to the squad had not they been so physically fit; Don Kemp and Woody Appleton, were lost to selective service. This year, to augment the stability of the two ‘ lettermen. Coach Fhillips has the largest squad of his coaching career to choose material from. Fred Kinder, who has been associated with both the cinder and grassy track for three years at the University, and who was last year unable to run in favor of an injury, stands on the top part of the roster of probable varsity men. In addition to Kinder—Kenny Lynch and a group of men—Ashwell, Harrier, Seward, Willi and Arnold are all well up towards the top of the list
as to probable varsity positions. They Compete To Compete Coach Phillips has devisefi a sim-
ple, fair system for determining
Hopes for another successful mat season are already on their way as Coach Claude Reeck’s call for recruits was responded to by far the largest freshman turnout in years. Reeck’s anticipations were more than materialized by the oveiwhelming spiiit. Although no regular practices are in session as yet, many of the boys can be frequently seen in the gymnasium working out individually. Several other boys are getting in shape via the strenuous practice of the Univeisity football squad, of which they are members. Serious wrestling drills will commence as soon as the football season, which at present holds the spotlight, is
Two Lettermen Back Plans for this season’s schedule are not as yet completely settled, but an interesting home program is being looked forwaid to. It is known that the schedule will include
two big meets before Christmas vacation. Reeck is building his championship hopes around the remnants of his last year’s Big Ten Conference team. Key men on the squad are Warien Eviston, 175 pound major letter winner of last year, and Prank Ruggieri, varsity football guard, who is the present conference heavyweight champ. Big things are also expected of Dick Barwegen, who is at present holding down the other guard post on the football team. On the whole, from the 136 pound class on up the wiestling squad is in fairly good shape, unless Uncle Sam interferes. The only weak spots are in the 121 and 128 pound divisions, which aie still to be filled by upperclassmen. Coach Reeck is again asking for boys of these weights, especially upperclassmen to go out for wrestling. Past experience is not requiied.
Alex Leugo saw plenty action in the Fordham curtain
raiser, playing almost the entire who is to be placed on the list of
tackle to the 48. Here the drive 60 gruelling minutes, with sub classified runners who will run for died, however, and Smock feturned Hurrie taking his place in Boilermakers come meet-time; T?o,v,o> v.i-.v.f i-r. +1,0 Ho.lo,.,Tooi-o„ ^ ^ a svstem much like the one used
the last minutes of the battle.
the Rams’ punt to the Boilermaker 26. On the next play. Smock smashed and spun to the 38, and Cycenas drove to the 50 on the following maneuver. Two plays later Smock again bioke away and was finally tackled by Ososki on the 25 as Hearn fought desperately to get the ball. The diive stopped short of a first down when on the fourth
system much like the one used last season. At the last drill before a meet the entire squad runs a race. The first seven men to finish are tp run in the meet. The first five of
Game Statistics
Fordham Purdue these men to finish are automatical
First Downs
Yds. gained rushing Passes attempted Passes completed
down Andietich passed to Smerke, Yards by passing who was downed on the 15X4-yard Passes intercepted by Yds. gained run-back of
8 122 12 5 165 1
12 154 11 5 115 1
At this point Fordham took over
intercepted passes 10 29
the ball and Hearn went over left (from
tackle where he was dropped by scrimmage)
Buffington. Filipowicz then dropped lecovered . 2 back again and tossed a long high lost by penalties IV2
pass through the'aims of Hajzyk
19 2 0
and Smock into the waiting hands gun the ball lested on the Riveters’
of Jim Hearn, who dashed over the 29-yaid line.
The Prefessmal Toych
comes most quickly to the draftsman who pins his faith to the HI-DENSITY LEAD which is a feature quality of modern MICROTOMIC “VAN DYKE" Drawing Pencils. You get greater density line, and' less smudging.... try them
goal for the Rams’ second touchdown. Again Ososki’s placement split the upiights and the score
was 14-7.
In Fordham’s Territoi^y
The remainder of the afternoon was spent almost entirely in Ford-
ly in line to start in the next mept, and the lemaining squad competes for the best "two men to fill in the two empty spots on the seven-man
team.
The course this year remains in practically the same form as last' season, a clover leaf affair that allows the spectators three views of the contest throughout the course, once at the one and a quarter mark, again at the two and a half mile mark; then the last mile of the race is run in the open over the threeholf golf course. .In the Big Ten and State meets a four-haile course is required. To gain this additional
lap
Schedules Coincide
The schedule that the Boilermakers met and ran througii last year consisted of Illinois, Indiana, Ohio State, Wisconsin and Western Mich-
igan.
The schedule this year’s crop of
EBERHARD FABER
Jlaadetihip in fine writino materials since isao
Beautiful Purdue and Frateruity Dugs $1.10 — Take One Home With You — H. G. “Deac” REISNER BOOK STORE
-—ESTABLISHED 1908 — Student Books and Supplies PHONE 2976 325 STATE ST.
Outshone Only Jn Scoring
Outshone only in the scoring de-
partment, the Riveters were beset distance, the runners take a yesterday afternoon by bad luqk and ^ Field,
difficulties at crucial moments. The Foidham line held when it was most needed, and the Boilermakers
ham territory with the Boilermak- couldn’t muster^ quite enough drive ers taking advantage of a fumble to cross that last white line in their by Elder in the early part of the marches down the field, fouith period to start a march with dn the offense the running and
Smock and Andietich carrying the passing of Ken Smock and Johnny t^mlies run up against, when and ball and tossing it to Smeike all Andretich, coupled with the pass Is as follows. ^ the way down to the Fordham 3- snagging of Tex Smerke spaiked the October 3 Illinois, here,
yard line. Foidham kicked out aft- Gold and Black attack. Defensively er holding and taking the ball on the whole line displayed stone wall downs, and Smock took the punt characteristics that bioke up the and smashed a path dUwn to the Rams’ running plays at every tui'n Fordham 23. Again the Boilermak- with Captain A1 Leugo backing up ers started to roll and advanced to the line m stellar mannei for 57
minutes.
Fordham Standouts Standouts for the Foidham offense weie Fullback Steve Filipo-
October 10—Indiana, here. October 17—Ohio State, there. October 24—Wisconsin, here. October 31—W. Michigan, here.
the 10 before grinding to a halt. The Boilei makers’ last thieat was ovei as the Rams took the ball after an exchange of punts and ad-
vanced down the field against a tiied wicz and Joe Osoki, while Sebateam of fighteis that had played steanski and McIntyre starred on neaily all ^he game until at the final the defense.
Portrait ~ PHOTOGRAPHY -- Commercial HINEA'S
634 MAIN STREET LAFAYETTE, IND. CAMERAS AND PHOTO SUPPLIES
Yesterday's Results Cornell, 20; Lafayette, 16. * Colgate, 49; St. Lawrence, 0. Columbia, 39; Ft. Monmouth, 0. N. C. Pre-Flight, 13; Harvard, 0. Dartmouth, 17; Holy Cross, 6. William and Mary, 3; Navy, 0. Princeton, 20; Lakehorst, 6.
Iowa Pre-Flight, 20; Northwest-
ern, 12.
Ohio State, 59; Fort Knox, 0. Duke, 21; Davidson, 0. Vanderbilt, 52; Tennessee Tech, 0. Southern Methodist, 26; North Texas, 7. Missouri, 38; St. Louis, 7. Tulane, 27; Southern California, 13. Oregon State, 32; Idaho, 0.
Touchball Officials To Meet Tomorrow
WHAT, NO NECK?
Now you may buy your choice pieces of young tender poultry meat just as you like it . . . no waste . . . always fresh . . . delicious broilers, fryers and baking hens. Also fresh coiHitry eggs.
THE CUT UP CHICKEN SHOP 529 MAIN ST. PHONE 2011
Don’t be caught short by that first cold snap.
Have your TOPCOAT
sanitoned and ready
to wear.
132 NORTHWESTERN
Men who have had experience as touchball officials and are interested in officiating at fraternity games are asked to report to room 104 in the Fieldhouse at 4:30 tomorrow for a meeting at which the new rules will be explained. Officials will receive 50 cents per game. Those who aie interested but will be unable to attend the meeting should leave their names at the Intiamuial Office in the Fieldhouse, 01 phone 2875.
LEARN TO DANCE ENROLL IN OUR NEW CLASES BEGINNER'S WED., SEPT. 30*h ADVANCED THURS., OCT. U» 7:00 P.M. Indiana's Largest Dancing Schoat ALLEN’S 61I1 dk..,F«nrr
I‘.ajfcvv.yi » 1
t^4
^ { Puythie, Exp/m&kt
Sunday, S^afem^ ^'
Ji^
Personnel Notes ^ecf Cross Issues
tall 'for Coerf
West Llr^^tte'lAptisI ^Ifirt-ch Rev. Joseph B Gleason, Minister and pastor of the Students
^S.30—Chuich School Piomotion
Companies scheduled to visit
campus
Flfeettvlngs, Inc, Bristol, PenP- VQfiin'f'QQyC
sylvahia, Septembei 29 Intel ested in ME, AeioE Sign in Peisonnel
Office immediately
Vought Sikorsky Aircraft, Strat
J. E. Gault Pljedgas First Blood Gift For Red Cross Bank
All coeds who aie inteiested in AH students who wish to tpl^e an
Pistol Team The folloWinpt listed students are rertiiested to report for pistol team tryouts at 4 p m Sept Bflifrlt, vf JJ ; BouBtiad R h MeGahey^ R V MiflVlur.* lay J NMason J G Phillipp R O ^SS, S T Sutherland D R Weavef HE’
—BROtyN
Camera CIu,b' liocker assignments will be posted in the darkroom book at the west
desk by Friday Sept 26
-TRUEBLOOD
Camera Club All lookers must be vacated
, , /-I 1 ii. . i J.1 TvT J. _ 1 TM 1 amora oiuii Al) locaers must ue vacaieu woiking foi the Red Cioss, kpitting active part ip the National Emer- signeji for by Ti^ursday Oct i If not, helmets and sweateis, aie mged to geney aie donating blood to the Na- ’'
hey will be opened to make room for active
— ... - - , no IT, members If you have a lOckCr b? sure Recognition seivice for offi- Connecticut—Septembei 28 attend an oiganization meeting next tional Red Cioss Blood Bank John d is assigned to you m t^_^^dgooig^^ok _.-.i on m, 1. . „ ... ... 4.u„ T7. r.„„i4. t mm ,..n„ Cojpmptee Will
1 membet's please report total ticket sales
Aluminum Comiisny of America^ coods in R6d Cioss "woik the Student Health Seivice jc),j2 at 7 io p m
cer<i and teacheis and 29 ThuisHav at 4 p m in the Red Cross g,gQ Rogei Williams Class* Firestone Tire & Rubber Co,, Ak looins in the snh basement of the
1^3&-Chuich Worship Service
Revt Gleason w ill give the message, ChE, Chem, PSE Also gnls intei Yam will be available next Thuis ‘'Koys fov Successful Teaching” ested in laboiatoiy woik and di aft begin at that Pi of E V Greenfield will Sing a . meeting Last year the number of
solo 6*30
tion Fellowshtp Hour The recrea
tiottiyill bgled by Bill Harmon 6*0(1—Fifteen cent suppei
6*30—Discussion Houi The seiv ice will be undei the leadeiship of Wrllis Schalliol There vill be a panel discpsglon on “Oui Place In Achieving; the Woild We Want ”
E Gault, Junior EE, was the first volunteer to plgdge his blood This IS the fouith time that Gault has
donated his blood
Volunteeis who aie intei ested in pledging then blood are asked to
nil to me Phone 3801
Pistol Team Practice will be held at 4 p m Monday September 28 in the Armory in conjunction with tryouts foi neW team members —BRf)WN Silver Wash Meeting Tuesday Sept 28
sjmpsom” ip ¥0U’YE gone IN FOR
I-Roger Williams Founda- Pittsbuigh, Pennsylvania-Octobei
6 Intel ested in MetE, ME ChE,
PSE, EE
Lockheed Aircraft Corporation, Bui bank, California^—October 6 B F Goodrich Co , Akion, Ohio—
Octobei 8
Vickers Incoipoi ated, Detioit, Michigan—Octobei 12 and 13 Inter-
did not come up to expectations because the volume of work was not sufficient to keep all those who ap
plied busy
Bandages will also be made during these meetings which will last liom 4 to 6 p in and which will only be held on Thuisdays This time is not expected to }J6 sufficient to
University Presbyterian Church
North Street near Grant
Rev John W Findley, Minister 9,30—Sijudent class Di G H Graves, Leadgi The class is study
ing tRe Gospel of Maik
10 30—Morning Worship Sennon theme, “Vaiieties in Sinners ” The choir will sing, “O How Amiable Arc Thy Dwellings,” by West Theoigan numbers will be “Offertoiie,” by Dubois, “The Svian,” by Saint Saens, and “The Crusaders,” by Volkmaii 6 00—Sunday Evening Club The
ested in ME, AeioE Sign in Pei son- , , , T , „ „ , [c n/r J U e enable all the woik to be done, as a
nel Office before Monday, October 5
result the knitting may be taken
home
Federal Government Relaxes Standards, Calls For Dieticians As a result of the present short age of departmental guards and
program following the suppei will Michigan Intei ested irt engineerifi^ staff dieticians, the United States
American Locomotive Company, Schenectady, New York—Octobei 7 Interested in ME, MetE, ChE Standard Oil Development Company, (Div of Std Oil of N J), Elizabeth, New JeiSey Coming
sooh
Monsanto Chemical Company, St Louis, Missouii—Coming soon In-
tel ested in chemists
eithei tomorrow or Ttiesday so that a schedule may be made The blood will be drawn on Octobei 10 from 1 30 to 6 30 in the afternoon by the mobile unit of the Red Cross This unit has been traveling thiough the states gathering blood foi the men
in the armed fbices
Doctor Miller of the Student Health Service, who announced the coming of the Bipod Bank, asks that only those students should volun teei who aie planning to go thiough with then pledge, A student should be in good health and should fulfill the following lequiiements he must be between the ages of 21 and 60 and cannot be under a hundred
pounds in weight
Blood donation is undei the national jurisdiction of the Mobile Red Cios^ iJnit with headquarteis in In-
le& JiRake.-u» <|uiing the summer, these first coc^l 0^8* piobabjy sent you frantically and dii* <|(isted|y seat chine for attractive-hut-hot'to*^’®*R®W' sfv^ hosiery'—“something that looks as gotid RS nylon.’” Wdk ydti can call d halt ttf that Seafchirtg patty hciY Rpd now’ Tiust Southtvo^fh*i gift 8ho|» tP S0IV9 tk^^Rroblem with Kaysei silk hhse at dn^
dhllkl Seventy-five cents and Kayser “VfctoiYi student Art Guild Meeting Tuesday at laypij hokc at olffe dtlllar' and fifipen cents. You’ll fiild alt eXcclleht 6 p m in Room 86 of t e selection of ankle' sbeks hete top—new aigle plaids and at fifty-*
nine Cents. ' ^
Gimlet Club Pledges should report to the parking lota at 12 30 instead oi 1 00 Saturday •—FRASER
Purdue Christian Foundation Fiiday tvtnint after the pep session open house at 111 S Grant Come and enjoy small group fellowship with game tables Remain lor just part or all of the evOning as you wish Here a spontaneous ^'^^gyNOLDS
Classified
Ads
Wanted—Student with experience in ra
rrshopTsttanr Xae^Tor^he With blllg dcOCp pOckptS.'
BRRR! CHILLY, ISN’T IT? . . .
WelL don’t Jpt s^evt apid swe^^er weather catch you shivering in last summer’s cottons Pack up that obsolete hot weather wdidybbe and leplenish your fall bhe. Loch’s second floor sknt and sweater shop was liter ally made for ebieds—here you can mix ’em a'hd match ’em to yoUi heait’s content. “Ruf ’n Redi” sweateis in pullovei and cai^igabs and imported cashmeies feature all the impbftRRt new
fall shades to be matched with pleated, plain, goied oy dimdl skiits. One clevei fall style is the checked 01 platd dttWl skirt
act as sbap ^sbistant
Fostur Shop
Packard Motor Car Company, \ircraft Engine Division, Detioit,
be in chaige of the Commission on
“Social Pioblems ”
Dedication
students Sign in Personnel Office by Tuesday, Septembei 29~^ Navy, Army Officers Finish Ultra-High Frequency Course Fourteen signal corps offlceis and two navy officers have completed a course at the University in ultia high fiequencv techniques and de vices The course was conducted as pait ot the wai tiaining iriogiam
foot long game loom and lounging untlei the auspices of the United
States Office ot Education and con
tinued fifteen weeks
Ultia high fi equency geneiatois tiansmission lines antenna ladia tion, wave piopagation and guides were studied in detail as well as cii cults, powei supplies. Cathode ray tubes and oscillators, as electrical backgiound tor an understanding of
(Continued from page 11
stage for amateur dramatics and student plays This hall will seat 350 people and is joined to a kitchen in Older that it may be used for dining purposes also A 12 foot wide lobby leads to the thud floor which piovides living quarters foi four student custodiaijs ’ The giound flooi includes a 61-
spaCe In the wing of the basement IS a room to be used by the Dinner Bucket Club, a large gi,oup of rural students who bung then lunches each day A boiler 100m and an un dergiound coal bin complete the
giound plan
The building committee which is composed of the executive commit
tee of the Foundation with a group frequency technique
of students as advisory members includes Di Beck, chan man, Di H L Creek, secretary. Prof G C Blalock, ti easurei, Dean M L Fish ei, Di Steele, Rev E R Aalsley, Prof D H Patteison, Anna Kath eiine Williams, Jack Hopkins and
William Peterson
Co/. W. A, Johnston . of the Aimy’s Civilian Pro tection School at the University, with a staff of eight soldiers, put on a bomb contiol demonstiation
Students weie all college gradu ates with degrees in electrical en gineenng They include John Smale, Roheit Tilfoid and James Thoipp son of Indianapolis, Tayloi Rice, Ripley, Tenn Leslie Loren/ Cai pcnteisville 111 , Ralph Willison Massillon, Ohio, James Williams Fortville, Ind , Joseph Stalej, Ji Columbus, Laverne Lyon Goshen Vaughn Layman, So Bend, Edward Kingsbury, Waterloo, John Hand Muncie, Donald Dakan Knox Maui ice Bouton Leonia, N J , Chester Olson, E Escanaba Mich ,
Louie Lowe
at Bosse Field in Evansville last gyion Rethmayei, Cincinnati, 0
Wednesday night to highlight the fiist day's program of the Indiana File Chiefs’ Association and the Vandeibuig defense conference Col Johnston spoke m the aft ernoon on gas mask training, gas detection, and incendiaiy bombs
and his oichestia played for approximately 600 couples in attendance at the annual Senior Cord Dance last night in the Union
Civil Service Commission has relaxed the requirements for these
positions
Departmental guards at $1 500 per year are needed for service in Washington, D C Experience is not necessaiy and applicants may qualify by passing a general test iiiclud ing a physical exam Dieticians Wanted Of intei est to the home econom ics students aie the staff dietician positions, paying $1 800 a yeai Ap plicants foi these positions must have a major in dietetics iiom a recognized college and may snbsti tute one year of hospital expeiience for each six months of graduate training previously requned Applications must be filed with the Washington office of the Civil Service Commission There is no maximum age limit for these posi tions and those engaged in essential war work aie uiged not to apply Fuithei infoimation may be ob tamed from the Lafayette Post 01
fice
Home Ec Teachers Discuss Problems New teachers of vocational home economics fiom Tippecanoe and neaiby counties conteiied yester day at the University Homemaking teaching m secondary schools in this area and war time teaching piob lems were discussed Speakers included Miss Wave Bowes ot the division of education and applied psychology. Pi of Miniel McFarland, acting dean of women. Mis Jeannette Paivis and Miss Ethel Lewis of the Univeisity staff. Miss Kathleen Jewett of the West Lafayette high school staff. Miss Maiy Holtman ot Ambia and Miss Maiy Mathei of Montmoienci
Money to loan on diamonds watchcB guns,
1 1. i- T -r, ui. uggage typewriters Alberta Loan Office,
dianR;^lis m chaige of J Dwight 407 Columbia
0 Fen all and his staff
The Wai Council feels that stu dents not in the aimed forces are being given an oppoitrinity to make a small contiibution to the war ef
foit
IT’S A
Notices
Regifttration Workers Stideuts who worked i r the ie{,istrir during fall teim regibtiation may obtain Ihtir checkb by calling it the ici:.ibtrai s office —STONE English and Speech Conditional Exams I \umin itions ioi thi renu v I of conditions in Figli h aid Speceh will be given on S t ird( y afteinom October 10 from 1 to I 11 Room 201 Univer ity Hull Removal f on lition card‘d btainable at the Lng lish Office bhoidd bt pnpeilj filled out and the % 00 f } aid pnoi to the examination
CREEK
History Gov and Econ *C Removal FxaminitKns for the removal of conditions at 1 ineompletes in Hi t Econ and Gov \v\li b hell on Sat Oct 10 at 1 p m in romi H13 of the recitation building Appli cation must bi made in advance
—ESTEY
WAA Tennis All interested in entering T nnis toiinament should report thiee pi dices to the H ad f T nnis by Friday —WENDEI I Removal of C and I Grades m C E 41 \i examination foi the icmoval of C and I iado> will b hell in room 125 of Heavi ] i Hall li m 1 -iO to 4 30 p m on Oct 10 Peimission to take the examm itioii must le obtained trom F W Greve piioi to Oct b —GREVE Physical Exam Workers St idents who v\ iltd d inng ihysical exams may j.et their checks by calling at the Student Health Seivice —MILLER M D AWS House Council Theie will he meet ng of AWS Indei en 1 nt house repre cntitives Monday Sept 28 it 4 p m in 1 om 103 of the Unior Elections will be held at this time —SERBAN Passport Pictures Any student who has not yet had bis identiheation phonograph taken shoul 1 leport to room 2 in the Biol ogy B ilding on Friday Septembir 25 b tween the hours of 3 00 ind 4 30 p m or on Saf relay morning Septembei 26 be tween the hours of 10 00 and 12 00 — GOIDSMim
Typewriters—Adding Macnines all makea sold rented repaired and purchased Mimeograph work done C J Ebershoff 605 Mam,
Lafayette Phone 2779
Will pay cash fo? any old or new used bicycles Kiger Shell Service Northwestern
xt Columbia
Lost—Liberty bicycle Left Sept 10 in front of Gary Hall Southwest Phone 8121 Rewaid Leroy Ruck Carrier Wanted—Apply at Exponent of fice or phone 3053 Ask for Klouman Lost—September 22 wine and black figured Parker pen No identification Call 212 Gloiia Specht Rewaid Lost—A pink necklace I ost Tuesday afternoon Call 221'' Reward Wanted—Boys to work banquets Apply m Union Cafeteria
WHO COUD
Lost—Red reveisible jacket with S high school insignia Reward 71314
Lostreturn
-Two ramcoats at Avalon Reward Call 7242 dack
Lost—Gieen striped lifetime Parker pen Fngiaved Julia S Jones Phone 6031 Re
war 1
• DOES YOUR PEN LEAK? Expert- Repair Service SOUTHWORTH'S
FULL-FLEPGED course . . . in smartei styling jijst to see Geisler’s collection o| classic campus clothing. The pgst three weeks alone are enough to piove the mflispensability o| a raincoat at Pm due, so beltei stop in the stoie ami make yopy selection. Styles include the populai water-tepellent gdbaidine coat staiting at eight dollai*8. If ft’s sweateis you’ie looking foi, Geisler’s Have them too—in fact any numbei of them. All wool shpovei, jacket an^ sleveless sweateis m a vaiiety of plaids and plgln color^ —but with special emphasis on that Smooth Norwegian stvle , >■
5
ASK FOR ...
bettei company than a good hook^ (don’t answ^ that question') But seiiously, who could ask fc^ a hettci means of seeming the cm rent best-sellens and othci books of intei est than through the Book-of-the-Month Club’ A inembeiship in this oigani^ar lion simply means that you must buy yO(u choide oi at least foUi ot the twelve chosen Books-of-thfc-Month foi the yeai Of comse you are entitled lO purchase as many ot the books as you like, and m addition, with cveiy two monthly purchases vou leceiVe a book-dividend ab8«!ilutely flee The University Book Store offers this service to ybu, so why not stop in arid joih the club'* The Book-of-the-Mottth foi Octobei 18 actually pluial—The Seventh Cross by AnnaSeghetft, and They Were Expendable hy W L White. , Patronize Exponent Advertiser^
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
Dr. F. B. Knight Henry L. Cavanah
SUBSCRIBE NOW!
WUAdu an, Saajulsl
. head of the division of educa tion and applied psychology and Di J Roy Leevy of his staff weie in Indianapolis yesteiday and Fiiday foi the annual meeting of the In diana Council on Ciime and De hnquency Knight spoke Fi iday aft einoon on “Wai Tiaining foi Pus oneis ” Leevy is chan man of the nominating colnmittee and a diiec toi of the oiganization
. sophomoie m the EE School and formeily of the engineering staff of WBAA has joined the en gineenng staff of NBC in Chicago
IH A CLASS dy HIMSELF
GREETING CARDS eor ail occasions linjvGrsity BooJi Store Acroat From Union Red * S,.niQtoaa *29 * Doc'* Epple *40
TOPS IN
ANALYZING
THE NEWS
TOPS
STUDENT HELP WANTED com pI board jobs available Apply G.O. AR6UCKLE Cvy HaH (South)
T'he only correct way to break in a pipe IS to smoke it Linkman’s mechani}cai smoking machine Pim-Smaiiui, every dr grabow with fine tobacco.
GIVE YOUR COAT THE SERVICE IT GIVES YOU at the most reliable cleaners in town.
TOP COATS SUITS
Northwest-ern and Vine iSts.
Phone 4081
DIVE SEMESTER
TWO SEMESTERS
MAIIEH AMYWHERE
$1.75
$3.00
$3.50
Far the latest in Eampus, Eity, and Wnrld Mews
RE/in THE EXPHNEIVT Your Camiius Paper Phone 4005