m
Annual Football Clinic, Coaching School Open Next Friday Morning
Editor UrgM StitdoUll' To Economf2e; Su^>jp^t Defense Stamp Drive
Established 1889
Daily Since 1906
Volume 53, No. 154
West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, March %9,
Student KMhg ciioirPresents‘HolyCity’Todj|y
Dean Stratton Speaks At Last Night’s Banquet;
MEfiHY-OO ROUNJ
THE UNIVERSITY CHOIR
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen United Nations Exceed Axis Industries Output Of Vital War Products WASHINGTON — Here is some all-important GOOD war news foi a change. The United States and the British Empii-e have won a victory of supreme importance in the crucial war production race. For the first time in the 2V2 years of the war the United States and Britain now are out—produc^^the Axis and its vassal states ^^ptal arms and munitions. U. S. producing capacity in particular is just beginning to swing into an all-out war scale. The mighty auto industry, for example, is now being furiously convertad. Other major industries are undergoing the same transformation. Also hundreds of new war plants are in various stages of eumplt^tion, with hundreds of others being projected. Sage old '‘Bernie” Baruch commonls: “We can’t yet crack our heels together in celehiation, even if things are better.” What he means is that there are still plenty of sour spots. Some of these are: labor supply, certain obstacles in the flow of materials, shortage of materials, inadequate use of equipment, insufficient subcontracting, red tape and bureauciatic obstiaiction, the incompetence, gi'ced and lack of initiative of many employers, the pio-fit-mindednes#i of dollar - a - year men. But despite all these, U. S. industry every week is pouring out a steadily soaring floodtide of war supplies. On the basis of a private survey ma<ie by the authors of this column, it can be stated deliniLcly that with the Bidlish Empire’s greatly accelerated production the two Allies now are ahead of the Axis. Note: The suivey was limited on the Allied aide to the U. S. and British Empire because it is imposisible to get detailed information about Russian production. This (See MERRY-GO-ROUND, page 2)
Three Day Conference Closes This Afternoon Discussions on student government, student organization, a special WBAA broadcast and a banquet last night highlighted the second day’s activities at the National Student Federation of America convention on the campus yesterday. More than 76 delegates from universities and colleges in IIlipois, Michigan, Wisconsin, Ohio and Indiana attended the meetings which arq being
.sponsored by the Student Senate of the University. The representatives are all niembers of student governing bodies at
their respective schpols. Women Discuss Honor System Yesterday morning students from
co-educational schools divided into two groups to discuss “Structure and Practice of Student Government,” while those from women’s schools met for a discussion on
“Honor System.”
Later in' the morning a joint meeting was held for deliberation on the topic—“Organization of Student Organizations.” In the afternoon, the delegates were again divided into two groups according to the size of their schools for discussions concerning “Reorganization of Elective and Appointive Positions of Student Organizations.”
Stratton Talks
Also during the afternoon’s program the delegates discussed “Spe-
Omicron Nil, home economics hon- cial Services of the Student Govorary, and Virginia C. Meredith club ernment” and “Development of Stuwill sponsor the annual all homo ec- Leadership. Following this a
„ , , banquet was held in the East Fac-
onom.es dinner Tuesday at 6:20 lounge of the Union at which p. m. in the cafeteria of the Home Dorothy Stratton was the Economics Building. Dr. Beatrice main speaker. Completing the day’s Geiger, head of the home economics activities, a plenary session on department at Indiana University, “Services of Student Pubbeations”
will be the principal speaker. Di. was held.
Geiger’s topic will be “Home Econ- Outstanding event of the opening omists and the Present Situation.” sessions on Friday was President To Introduce Officers E. C. Elliott’s address on the acNew officers of both Oniicron Nu ^’"ties of youth at an evcand the Virginia C. Meredith Club banquet. Speaking on the unwill be introduced, and the winner certain position of youth in the presof the Omicron Nu medal, which will ent situation, he stressed the many
ideas and contributions the world expects from the presenl genera-
tion.
Mortar Board . . . senior women’s honorary, announces its 19'12-’'13 pledges:
Dorothy Benson
Jane Blank
Alice Chatfield
Calista Creel
Florence Croll
Jeannette Hayne.s
Gail Hennis
Becky Ann Pervine Jane Van Gorkom
Ruth Walker
Jeanne Patrick
Dr. Geiger Will Speak At Annual Home Ec Dinner Next Tuesday
War Council Sets $15,000 Goal Agritulfural Clinic
To Meet Here; Plan Banking Discussion
be awarded to the most outstanding freshman in home economics last year, wiA be announced. Mar-
vin .Smith, soloist with the Concert Conference End.s 'foday
Choir and the Men’s Glee Club, will sing. Decorations and the menu will
For Stamp Sales This Semester Goal of the University’s defense stamp sales has been set as $15,000 by the end of the seijiester. A second goal is 100% participation of all students. “Stamp out the Axis” will be the
slogan of the drive. ’ Drive Began Yesterday
The intensified drive began officially yesterday with the Tommy Dorsey convocation and mixer which were sponsored by the Student War Council. It will close on Saturday, — April 11. By yesterday afternoon
$1,500 worth of stamps had been sold, and these sales will bo counted
toward the new goal.
The plan for the drive has been worked out by a sub-committee of the War Council, In the next two weeks members of the committee and their assistants will go to all of the fraternity and sorority houses cooperative houses and residence halls. They will ask for contributions from both individual students and from organizations. Students may buy their stamps when solicited or may sign a pledge to give a certain amount each week.
Student Speakers To Help
A group of third eds and co-eds.
Colonel Frye To Speak At Stage Stump Studio Dinner Thursday Night Col. Hugo N. Fiye, retired Army officer from New York will be the principal speaker at the annual “Stage-Stump-Studio” banquet, to be held in cynthia Jones Hall, next
Thursday, at 6 p. m.
Colonel Fiye will address an expected attendance of 150 students from the WBAA, Playshop, and for-
Discussion
“Student - Faculty
‘r<’inances” and Relations and
be in keeping with a Pan-American Curriculum Revision” and a noon
theme.
Tickets to the dinner are 50 cents and are new on sale at soroiity houses, the residence halls, and in
dinner will conclude the conference
today.
The national organization, with headquarters in New York City, has
fhe office of the Home Economics purposes. To Oiganize and
Building. All women students are invited to attend.
Unite Campus Governing Groups.” Over one-fifth of the student-gov-erning organizations in colleges in the nation are members of the na-
tional body.
Dorsey Convo, Mixer
Alfrad Huge Crowds Reaniers To Sponsor
Movie Next Thursday For Intramural Fund
ensic activities, along with faculty organized by Professors Lull, Winch
members as guests, on the “College .Student and Uie Draft” in a discussion of the lolc of college men and
women in national defense.
Awards Presented
Other program liighlights at tlie “SSS” banquet will include musical selections, a debate session, a shoi t dramatization, s e v e r a 1 other speeches, and (ho presentation of lazz awards to students and faculty, as well as the presentation of
NOTICE Sports Staff: Would advise that all members be present Monday afternoon at 4:15 for highly important meeting with Bob Woodworth in Fieldhouse office. CLARK.
Tommy Dorsey played to a capacity crowd last night both at the convo in the Hall of Music and at the Mixer afterwards in both Ball-
rooms of the Union.
With a mixture of comedy, sweet, and swing music, he entertained students and faculty alike who attended the convo. Highlight of the program wore Ziggy Elman’s trumpet solos, Buddy Rich’s “Quiet Please,” and Frank Sinatra’s songs, a number of which weie, “Without a Song,” “This Love of Mine,” and
“Bogin the Beguine.”
GleeClub Will Make Recordings This Week For National Contest
By Bill Wendell When the strains of “All Through the Night” are etched in wax next Thursday, the die will cast for the University Glee Club in the national glee club contests which is being sponsored by Fred Waring 'in connection with his radio program “Pleasure Time.” The recording will be done under the supervision oj' Paul Owen, Waring’s representative, and will mark Iho first step of the contest ior the local singers and is officially their entry in the regional pait ol the ('(yitest. SI iff Competition In addition to “All 'I'lirough the Night” the Glee Club will sing “The Stui” by Rogers, and “Back To Old Purdue.” The latter song will be
sung without accompaniment, and is to illustrate technique. Competition promises to be r.ither stiff, with most of the la'ge Universities of this district and many smaller schools entered. The winners of this and other regional contests will be taken to New York and will be given a chance to perform in the national contest. Other Schools to Participate Other Indiana schools which aie entered are: Notre Dame, Indiana University, DePauw and Wabash. In Ohio, John Carroll, Case, Wooster, Muskingum and Bowling Green colleges, and Denison, Capital and Ohio State Uniyer.sities are entered. Michigan State College ami the University of Kentucky will 1 epicsent their states.
To raise funds for the purchase of awards and trophies for the Intramural department. Reamer club will sponsor a show at the Lafayette theatre next Thursday, Friday and Saturday, it was announced yesterday by Chuck Hansen, committee chairman. “Yank on the Buima Road,” with Laraine Day in the feminine lead, will be the feature presented on these three days, and tickets may be obtained for both matinee and evening performances at the usual prices. Club Members Have Tickets All funds raised by this method will be donated to the intramural department for use in purchasing the awards which are presented each year. Tickets must be purchased from the members of the club, bowover, to do any good for the cause, for only these special tickets will bo added up in the total. Exponent- Sfaff There will be a very important meeting of all freshman workers on the ed and coed editorial staffs of the Exponent in the office at 4 p. in. on Tuesday, March 31. Any who are unable to attend this meeting should call at the office to arrange assignments before (i p. m. Wednesday, April 1.
mei its and cit.'iLions. • The complete program is: “Quart('(” from Rigoletto and “Dance of the Sugai Plum Faiiies” by Charmichacl’s quartet; a debate “Should the United States Enter the War”; '' the death scene fiom “Beyond the Horizon”; a talk by G. D. Williams “Radio and Education”; Razz awaids for students and faculty; Colonel Frye’s address; merits and citations presented liy Prof. A. H.
Monroe.
University Debate Squad To Meet Stanford In Last Contest Tomorrow Night Tomorrow night at 8 the University Debate team will hold its last debate of the current season against Stanford University. This meet will be held in the Home Economics building instead of the East Faculty Lounge as was previously an-
nounced.
Subject for the contest is: Resolved—that after the war the nations should form a federation to establish the eight RooseveltChurchill principles which were set down in the Atlantic Charter. Lawrence Guannis and James Kessler will take the affirmative for Stanford and William Swager and James Bray will leprescnt the Uiiiver.sity on the negative side of the question. Laurenx Greene Af-tends I Illinois Hort- Conference l)r. Lauienz Gieene, head of the TlorticulLure department, attended a conference on the effect of spray practice on orcharding, held March 27 and 28 in Urbana, Illinois.
and Horn of the speech department, will go to the houses to give information about various phases of war effort. Similar groups of student speakers have been organized at the Universities of Michigan, Wisconsin and Illinois and at Wayne University in Detioit. Not only will this group assist in the campus drive, but they will also take part in the defense bond and stamp drive thioughoiil I'lppecanoe county. Alpha Lambda Delta T0 Initiate Eighteen Coeds This Morning Alpha Lambda Delta, national scholastic honorary for freshmeri women, will initiate eighteen coeds this moining at 8 in room 232 of the Union. To qualify for membership, a ced must have an index of 5.00 either semester ol her freshman
year.
Initiation will be followed by a lireakfast in the Old Chestnut Room. At this breakfast the Alpha Lambda Delta award to the senior woman having the highest cumulative index will be presented. The following women will be initiated: Betty Ann Arth, Lorine Brooks, Treva Davis, Ruth Ford, Patricia Gaylord, Marijean Graves, Bertha Katz, Marion LaFuze, Ruth Adele Levin, Dorothy Murphy, Mary Parisi,' Martha Lee Riggs, Emma Santini, Virginia Sellers, Emily Snyder, Faye Tyler, Ruth Walker and Virginia Wairen. Lark-Horovitz To Speak At APS Meeting In Boston Dr. K. Lark-IIorovitz, head of the department of physics, left Friday for the East where he will attend a series of scientific meetings during the coming week. lie will discuss the role of physics in defense training before the New England section of the American Physical Society at Boston and will then go to Now York City to confer with officials of the National Science Fuiul of. the National Academy of Sciences.
Elliof-f-, Reed To Speak At- Annual Conference Indiana Bankers Association in cooperation with the University will sponsor a two day Agricultural clinic which will meet on campus April 7 and 8. Oscar G. Couch of Mooresville is general chairman of the Clinic committee, and President Elliott is honorary chairman. The meeting, which is the regular annual convention of all Indiana bankers, will take up primarily the problems ol the
rural bank.
Elliolt Tfr Welcome Bankers \ After registration Tuesday morning, President Elliott will welcome the bankers, and W. W. Gasser, President of the Indiana Banker’s Association, will reply. Harry J. Reed, Dean of Agriculture, will discuss “Indiana’s Agricultural Background and Responsibility.” Henry Schricl^er, governor of Indiana, and President Elliott will give addresses at the banquet Tuesday night; and Charles M. Dawson, Lieutenant Governor of Indiana, and state Commissioner of Agiiculture, will speak at lunchean Tuesday. Memboxs of the University staff will discuss various phases of Indiana’s agricultural wartime progi’am and the afternoon program will be concluded by a tour of the Univei'sity farms and experimental work. Dean Potter To Speak A. A. Potter, Dean of Engineering, will bo the principal speaker at the Wednesday afternoon session. Topics to be considered on Wednesday include “Financing Farm Operations,” “The Farm Real Estate Market,” “Waitime Prices and the Farmer,” and “Inflation, the Farmer and the Country Banker.”
Palm Sunday Cow% To Feature Soloists As a part of the Palm Sonday services, the University Choir, under the directidn- cdf Albert P. Stewart, will present Gaul’s musical cantata; “The Holy City,” this aftemoen at 3 in the Music Hall. This jarogram, which is under the aii®> pices of the Student War Council, will be free to all Stir* dents, faculty members antf
townspeople.
Featuring a group of fw^e soloists who have been pick^ through an elimination <kaitest from the choir, “The Holy City” is a series of chord numbers and solos based on scripture from the Bible, This <an<* tata, which was first presented at the annual Birmingham Festival dt 1883, was written by Gaul to bring out the joyous and exuberant ing of Jesus’ triumphant march into the Holy City. Marvin Smith To Sing Main soloist for the first of the two parts of the oratorio will he Mai-vin Smith. He will sing “My Soul Is Thirst For God,” while Bill Rothenbei’ger will sing “I Saw A New Heaven and New Earth and the First Heaven and First Eaxtk Passed Away” as the theme Ot the
second half.
Other soloists for the program are Ruth Ralston, Evelyn Janet Place, Betty Wedge, WiUiain Kennedy, William Morgan, Alberta Schmadel, Marjorie Williamsol^ Mollie Harding and Carolyn. Wodj^ Joanne Lloyd will be the organ ao companist for the choir, Easter Convo on Friday . " Next Friday at 8 p. m. in Hall of Music the Choir will presellt. the final number in the convo^tio^ for worship. This will be the, 01^ Easter program for the entire Hid-; versity. Soloists at the Easter pipgram will be Alberta ScWa^l^" Marvin Smith, William Rothenbetger, Charles Powell, Marjorie liamson, William Kennedy, Chase, Alfred Hubert, Raymo Friend and William Morgan. ", ^ This cantata will be presented!^' the Choir again on Easter Sundl^ at the Broadway Methodist Chui^' in Indianapolis. This is the time that the 260 voice organil^^' tion has ever been taken outside West Lafayette to sing. Previous te the 7:30 p. m. services at the chuz<^ the entire Choir will be entertained at a dinner given by the BroadtViy Church, according to Arthur Q. Wilson, president of the Indianapolis Alumni Association. Choir To Sing 3 Anthems In addition to the cantata the Choir Mill sing three anthertiS; “Adoramus Te,” by Palestrina; “Cherubim Song No. 7,” by Bortniansky and “Send Forth Thy Spirit,”
by Schuetky.
William Deam Leaves University For Training In Naval Reserve
B.\ Ernest Nordlinger With the last strains of “Anchors Aweigh” still ringing in his cxirs, William L. Deam, instructor in the speech department and associate director of Playshop, said goodbye to his last class yesterday morning and turned hi.s thoughts to his apprentice seaman duties with the United States Naval Reserve. Since his application ixt Christmas, Deam was placed in the V-7 class of the Naval Reseiwe. His first stop will be at Notre Dame on April 16; after a month of training there, he may go to Abbott Hall on the North ivestern University campu.s as a midshipman. After three months and subject to passing exximinalions he will become an ensign and do hi.s part “to beat the Japs.” Deam Widely Known Actor Even before coming to our campus Bill Deam had a vaiied career in dramatics. After obttxining his bachelor’s degree at Denison University in Granville, Ohio, he taiiglit at Ohio State University. Then he took part in tlie “Spring Dramatic Festival” at the University of Mich-
igan. Professional actors cameil^Qtt Hollywood and Broadway to piKseht “The Ghost of Yankee Doodle,” Here Bill acted with such prop-as Aline McMahon (Paul Muni’s leading lady), Russell Hardy, who hfl[d a leading part in the movie prod^-^ tion of “Sequoia and CamiUe?'; and Otto Hiilett, who played with dol&t Barrymore in “My Dear Chitdyedj* He was technical director and business n/anager of the Cleveland Ballet Company and later 'aettid with the Cleveland Playhouaeb^lihe Eldred Players, and the Shaker Players. (’ame Here Three Years Ago< ^ Before teaching at Butler, bai. secuied his master’s degree at Univer.Mty of Michigan. After tl»«* years on our campuS every Pla^ shop andienee knows the abilities of Mr. Deam. Since last year’s prfr* duct ion of “Night Must FklP’ ^ has directed every Playshop Jiriductioii. The pi'esent play “The fibple Animal” will he taken over by II. Kenn Carmichael. His cladititt have been already taken over bjr different members of the speech department.
.1
-
'HJ V * #
ftf %
TtfH <(
!i Purdue-Exponent
Sunday, March 29, 1942
^ ?
University Calendar 1, ? WEEK OF MARCH 29 - APRIL 4,1942
^ (W
Sunday, March 29 fl6Lt WfifiK -Afpha tiartbda Delta
breakfast
01(1 Chestnut Kuom
Union
Alpha Lambda Delta
Initiation
9.3& AM—National Student Fedeiation
3 00 PM-
Room 232 Union Both Faculty Lotinges,
Union
-Musical Organizations Concert Hall of Music
4*00 PM—Omicron Nu Initiation 5.'30 I’M—OmiciOn Nu Banquet 7 30 PM —Scrivenei Club Meeting
PattOiing Shop Exhibit
Room 304, Union Rooms 332 and 334
Union
Room 261, Union West Reception Room
Union
Monday, March 30
4*00 PM—Agronomy Seminai 7-OO^p M —P I A Dance Cl iss 7 00 PM-—Meeting of Tippecanoe Co
Teacheis of Agi
7^0 FM^••OO PM-
8 00 A M -
-Reamers Meeting -Sfanfoid Pm due Debate
Tuesday, March -Giaduate Dames Business Meeting and Hobby Show
0 00 A M —Pharmacy Boai ds and Col leges of Distiict No 4
10 00 A M - l 00 R M - 4 00 P M - 6 30 P M - 7 00 P M - 7 00 PM7 00 P M - 7 30 P M - 7 30 PM7^30 P M9 00 AM9 00 A M —,
-Amenean Phai maceutical
Association
-Phaimaty Boaids and Col leges—Geneial Meeting -Committee on State of
Unwersily
-Fhaimacy R inquet -Hanley Speech Contest
— Finals
-Union Boaid Dinnei
-Union Sophomoie Dinnei -iChiistian Science Oiganizi
tion
-Camera Club Meeting -A S M E Meeting
Room 201 Ag Hall North Ba111 ooiYl Union Room 101, Ag Engl Bldg Room 302 Union East Faculty Lounge Union 31
i
Rooms 335 and 363 Union Both Faculty Lounges Union lowd Union West r iculty I ounge Union Room 263 Union Pjast F iculty Lounge Union Lli/ i FoWlei Hall Old Chestnut Room Union Fast Reception Room Union Room 303 Union Room 302 Union Room 207 MF Bldg
Wednesday, April -Pharmacy Boards and Col
leges Confeience
Amenean Phai maceutical
Association
i 30 PM—League of Women Voteis 6 00 PM—Giammai punctuation and
spelling tests
7 00 PM—W L High School Band
Concei t
7 00 PM—Ceitifieation Inspectors
Training
7'15 PM—Philatelic Society 7 30 PM—Giaduate Dames Fust Aid
Classes
7 30 PM—Hoiticultuial Society 7'30 PM —A I E E Meeting 7 30' P M —Kappa Delta Pi Meeting 7 30 PM—Marriage Couise 7 30 PM—Union Bond Meeting Thursday, April 12 30 PM—Highway Reseaich Luncheon 100 PM—Futuie Faiineis of Ameiica State Convention 3 00 P M —Screen Review 6 00 PM—Stage, Stump and Studio
Banquet
7 30 PM—Stitch and Sew Giaduate . Dames 7 10 PM—Civil All Patiol 7 JO PM—Christian Student Fellowship 7 30 P M —P I A Choru-^ 7 30 PM-—Better Homes
1
West Faculty Lounge Union Room 355 Union Room 304 Union Room 101 Ecluc Bldg Eliza Fowler Hall Room 104 Ag Hall Room 303 Union Room ’02 ChF Bldg Room 117 Hoit Bldg Room 129 EE Bldg Room 263 Union Rooms '’02 and 304 Union Old Chestnut Room Union
Room 30 Union Both Facultj Lounges Union Hall of Music Cynthia Jones H ill Room 263 Union Room 303 Union Room 307 Union Tower Union Room 212 Union
Friday, April 3 8 00 A M —Annual Football f lime 9 00 A M—Futuie I iinurs of Ameiiea 12 00 noon to 1 00 PM —Good 1 i id li
Services
4 10 PM—Cosmopolitan Club Meeting 0 30 P M Future Frimers of Aim i k t — BaiKjui t 6 fl PM I ootball ( lime Biiqiul 7 30 P M — Inteifratr 1 mty Idlovrslup 8 00 P M Relig ou C oi \ (( itK i Fr 1(1 Mumi
Saturday, April 4 8 00 A M —Annual Football CLnic Eieldhouse 0 00 A M—Futuie Farmers of America Both Faculty Lounges, Union
/
Armory Women’s Gym Room 101, Educ Bldg
Every Little Bit Helps
11 45 AM—Scabbard and Blade Best Soldier Contest 2 00 P M —Dance Recital by Puidue Dance Club and Marjorie
Parkin
5 00 PM—Grammar, punctuation and spelling tests
Fieldhouse Both I iculty I ounge s.
Union
W I Metliodist Clunch Room ■’02 Union South Billioom Union Room 36 3 Union Ri oiTi '07 Union
H ill ol Mu H
(( (II 111 lu 1 t( |) iKxl ( luiiin)
Merry-Go-Round... (Continued from page 1) suffered heavily while the Red Army was retreating but is repoit ed to have made a “miraculous ’ re
covery
How We' re boing Fbi obvious military reasons it is not possible to give details of the great Allied production victory But heie is a general survey of how we’re doing Plaries—Last month the com bined U S British and Canadiap total surpassed the maximum estimated produemg capacity of It alyy Japan, Germany and her vassal states Tanks—The U S , Britain and Canada are out-producing the Ax IS andS satellite powers in light and medium tanks which also are superior m many respects to those (jf the enemy Munitions—U S production is the greatest in its history and without Gerat Britain is greater than Ihe combined total of Italy and Japan Steel—Ileie again production IS the greatest in U S history, and plus that of Britain is many millions of tons greatei thin the entire Axis ontpitt Aluminum—The greatest pro duction 111 U S history and with that of Britain is in excess of the \xis pel formartce Ships—Far greater in cveiy category than the Axis but still consideiably below the tremend ous requirements ol tiu world wide conflict Blood Transfusions List December i young pi ivite James B Dougall wiote us fiom Ft Lewis Wash reporting that men in his company the 10th En gineeis yyeie leady to donate their blood foi the Red Cioss (hue foi blood donations Hoyvevei the Army yyould not ac cept Private Dougall s patiiotic ol fei It wisely luled that the nmy needed to sive its own blood that civilians should mal e this contiibu lion to the men defending them Whole Piivite Dougrll is today wc do not know—perhaps in A,us tralia Iielindoi theBitarn Penin sula But we do know that the Red Cl OSS 1-, falling behind bec lusc moi e people have not followed his prtii otic impulse Blood we arc infoim cd by the Red Ci oss is needed o badly that nurses thciusclvcs ue donating then own blood not once but twice The Flying Somers Colleagues uc coimi itul rtiiit, R( prescntative Andicyv J Sonieis ol Now Yoil who w IS i \y\y bombing pilot in the 1 ist w u on the 1 ict th it his 20 ye a old on Ai tlnii ilso his joined the N iv\ air toice Howevei the pilnotic New 'Iroikci secs noihing unusu il in this The Sonicis iie the llyingest tun ily in Congress Young Aithui got liis fast fed ol 1 stick it lh( ^i„c ol live and w IS iblc to pilot a pi me un is^istcd it tl His lou biolhci 111(1 IS bouis 111 till I iinily s kitty II uvl tcis ilso h iv( iiilcd up in iiiy^lij mg
biplane
A conliiincd iviation 1 in Con gicssmm Sonicis s lys he his iin posed only one ‘safety fast iisliic 11( n on bis childi ( n I v( iicvd 1( t ay ol thiin i idi
1 bi(j(l(
Country Above Politics Seme tmu igo Wdidill WillUic
announced he would not suppoit Republican congiessional candi dates with isolationist records The welfare of the country he said, was more important than paty intci
est
Among ceitain high GOP chiefs this forthright declaration was bit terly resented They didn t dare say so publrcly, but privately they made no secret ot then angei rt Willkie Also that they intended to clip his yvings in paity affairs This under cover hostility has not disturbed Willkie He is sticking by his guns and made this veiy cleai in a recent letter to a friend “Instead of plajtng politics at a time like this,” Willkie wrote ‘ I feel that both parties should be engaged in electing candidates for the coming elections yy ho have the courage and daring to see the woild whole You couldn t be moie anxious than I am to see the Republican party prevail this year but only with the pioper candidates In the linguage of Winston Chuichill I saj to you that I am more interested in the fiitui e th in the present If the present con tiiiues to quirrel with the p ist Iheic IS no hope loi the iutiire Note Willkie has been deluged with letters iiigam him to iim loi governoi ol New Yoik hut li lends sry he pioiois rot to sccl political ollue this yc a so he c in he tioo to yvagi in mgressne hr hi at amst isol rtioni-.t ( aidid it( s ^Unity )oc Willlics iLlitudc IS m maked conti yst to th it ol N ition rl Cli ai m in Toe M aim Publicly Matin prys hp scwicc to n ition il uiiitv but uniki enye his opei itioi s ac m eiitiicly (lit icient slo y The cany little cn ei ilissam is leunu no stone un turned to push the crnpaigi rnU csts ol 11 TOP ( 11 Ksstnil Cl dilitcs rc^a dlcss ol Ilea s( 11 tioni t 1 I id Th s IS M a t 11 s sli i c y To more thru i i onth ho his been m dm t q to y i o s 1 c st itc TTci c i del 1 1 n le ic coent ol \ h 1 h npiiicd oi c of these y 1 it title Mid W ( t Allien 11 the p inciprl city ft the Sty'e the fist thin-. Mi ti dijl yy IS giyc i pi css interview in y\ 1 ich he sad Boys Im hcic to m rl c i spcccli—lot t il' puiticfe Then h( m dc y spcich in gin., nitionyl unitv aid m i! a la ludi tion oi 1 (lit ( B it altc h il in„ olt the pic s Malm hold i thiK houi hi ( iw V (oitc (ncc w th stitc aid ( un y Ic idei i yu tully ( inv msin c ich (i Inc ui 1 (i cussm Pcj 111 Ik yii (on ics n il ch ircos 11 1! " u Tl i i h m t tb pow wow Hick y i= i (yri aiv ques tion 11 c 1 oi 1 c 1 1 1 t( s 111 on the fold ii (i un othd issiu
/ f
An all defense stamp drive organized by the Student War Council opened yesterday It has tyvo goals the purchase of *^15,000 worth of defense stamps and bonds by the first of May and paiticipation m the drive by 100 pet cent of the student body We are now entering the seventeenth week in our war against the axis So fat the student body has been coaxed, caioled and almost biibed to buy about $1,500 worth ol stamps and bonds Figure iLout, this is about 25 cents per student since the war began oi a little more tnah a cent and a half a week Ihere have “been few exceptions to this apathy and lack of interest and even tewei explanations The excuse offered most tic qucntly is that paients aie buying bonds at
home Besides the excise continues, it isn’t sensible to buy stamps and then send home for moie money We agree heaitily There is Ho reason to duplicate parental purchases with parental money On the othei hand, if we would buy a lew less wine colas and cigaiettes each week 01 save pennies and use the money for purchasing stamps it would make sense Pleie and there throughout the country fraternities and soiorities have cancelled dances to pLii chase bonds with the money saved Individual cases like these are commendable but it IS the legLilai, though small, puichases of stamps by every individual that will make the dm e heie a success as well as the entire campaign netionally
The only eonsideyation yvas yvhtthei he yyas a Repyiblican Upshot of the meeting was a de cision to 1 use money foi the elec tion of Repyiblican House candi dates 111 ill the distncts but thiec which arc so stiongly controlled by incumbept Denioci ats that it yvas felt useless to oppose them Not one yvoid of this meeting leaked out to the loc il press which can red big headlines hoyvevei of Martins unity statements ‘Unity Joe has folloyyed about the sime tactics in ovoiy'' state he has visited Outward Bound When Colonel Frank Knox walks the pi ink IS Secret uy of the N ivy one official definitely slated to yvalk yvith him is Assist uit Scciotaiy Ralph A Bald A Chicago investment banker yyhom Knox brought into the Nivy Depritmcnt with him Bud light noy\ IS even more in dutch aiound the White House thin Knox Wai production chiefs iic furious ovci Buds uitics on tin hotly conti o VC 1 sill liboi issues Alter the inti oductioii ol the Smith riiti 40 horn bill olticeis ol the Ai my N ivv iiid W u Pi oduc tion Bond got tcgethci loi an ex ch ngc ot yitwi All yvcic agieed th it the 10 h( u week w is not im p iiin., product on thil the great need y\ is mo c use of iiiachinety ind (nuiiiniclit by no eyviil shifts Don lid Ne! on I nderseci et it j of V u I’ltleisin Genei rl Wil
NOW SHOWING DOUBLE FEATURE Back Agam in cs Great New Nk!
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS iveriviiv l{si«k Jilsiri*
I) rn\(> 10
puhdusL £xponmL Ali-American 1940-'41
Entered as second class m-ttci it tlie post ollicc in I afayetU Indiana uiuler the act ol Congicss of March 3, 1879 and at Hu bpccial raU ol postage pioyided for in section 1103 act ot October 5 19T3', authorized January 20 1022 Fuhlislied daily except Monday during the regular atadcniic year and 'weekly during (he sanimci ‘Session Delivered locallv by caiiur (or $3 50 per year mail sub i^iriptions, $1 00
Editor in-Chitl Editor At&naKinir Editor
John 1 Am H Don 1 Bropl y John H ArniHtrone H I ill I
ilusine u Manueir ( ( i( t I Ma a Sports Fdilor Ale (1
yVilliam D Millard K K ( J m led dark
Publication Staff
Business Staff
tdlloribi Htaff R W ' r v I 11 1, I- 11 it/ IV ( A 1' Hu I r D W O 1 III W I Hal rt Simris Staff D K fir , I s I) \ i J I R W K u.K<r (o«d Staff Sail 11 ill ( 1 1 tl Ha J i la R (kCr nz
Hohl K rpKl r I) ,1
feed Bubineus Manaj.ir Iiilii Muilii
Adirrtibiiii; MaiiajftrH I M Wiiehl I) I 1 ,h is ii
( Irculatiuii Manafctr C 11 M, rn r Aiiounls ManaKer I r< i i 1 ri r i, i
Junior Coed Manaters 1 11 i Clarl 1 i K n
Fhondti Edi^ial dnd Business, 4005, Sports, 2792 Iditwial After 10 PM 5377
it 1 r s I (I 1 I It 1 il a Ivi rti nt, I V N tl lu I A Iv ill ni- S 1 It C II K 1 M 1 r Hi ( t M
Ma 11 Ol A ( N V Yrrl N Y
*CIirht Pdilur But/ {aoui! Editor Tiauii
Staff For This Issue
Dj> Idllir Maih
Sp r(i> I d or Kre i,«r
MARS -NOW PLAYING-
Itip rl,
II II R r 11 0 t It
K p I
MOMA Ukmil BSU¥ LEE ROSCOE KARHS
PLUS
I l( ( I O 1 IK ( IVIlIl ill, Olll\ (,!ll \V lio [ \( I Dolllli, ( mss, d ! lull'
ham Kniidsen and other fop pio duction executives 1 rtei voiced these yieyvs yvhen thev appeared on Capit(i,l Hill Then came Baid, yvho atter leading a prepared statement in a baiely audible voice admitting that the 40 hour week was not delaying produc lion yvsund up by announcing in clear tones that personally he lavoied a 48 hour week The effect of this statement yyas to chillenge the vicyys ot the othei executives and put them on the do fcnsive They s rid nothing public ]y but piivatcly Ihey weie binned up So yvcie Whit( House chiefs yvho long hive had then fiiigeis ciosscil rcguduig Byrd Bccnisc Knox isked foi Inin Bird yy is appointc I But Adnnnis tl itionitcs have not loi gotten th it in 1936 he wis y le idci o( the inti
New Deal Ciusadeis who waged a bittoi fight against TVA apd the laws legulating the "tock exchange and holding companies Note While advocating longei woiking houis foi laboi, Bard has taken seveial trips to hunt ^uail 111 Floiid 1 (Copyiight 1942 by United Foa tine Syndicate Inc )
Martha Butloi Childs 91 second yvoinan lo bo gi iduatcd fiom the University of IVIinncsoti died le eently
DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAR6lD j risk — DENTISTS — 400 404 Schultz Bldg 4th and Mam St Lafayette
The book y/enl into 18 edi tionsi Now its lovable char acters live on Ihe screen I
i»iinit.li|,i.).iC^iink.gf
Make way in your heart for a masterpiece of laughs, fears, thrills* rU^anisk’ng Virginian with ‘ FRANK mmm .KATHRYN GRAYSON Spring Bpgton « Natalie limmpsen 0nugiass Newland • Mark 0atltels Starts TODAY
IT’S TRUE! mom VETfRAN Of T-flE THEATRE - IS CASTAS CAPN 008 XANC-Ey COMMON-VJEALT-H ATlORNEV FOR THE CITV cf LVNCHBURG KtMGMs T^ VANISHING VIRGINIAN '
, sprTng
!ByiNGT@N
' HAS T-HE MOST SVMPATHETIC ROLE OF HER CAREER AS ^ ROSAXANCty.
C/T^tdi/
WAS BORN -^IN
COLORADO SPRINGS,
RlTAQuiGLtX IB-XEAR OLD , SISTER of JUANITA f (mo 15 10) IMPER50N ATES JUANITA AT T-HE AGE Of 26 IN THIS
FILM!
LOUISE BEAVERS CAST AS AUNT EMMILINE, IS T-HE GRANDDAUGHT-ER OF A SLAVE OWNED BV PREJlPENT, JAMES MONROE!
GRAYSOIN had TO LCARN To DRIVE AN ANCIENT, STANLEy STEAMER FOR HER ROLE OF REBECCA IN THIS < WGM FILM MISS GRAVSON (a falenteci singer) STUDIES OPERA UNDER WM TVROLFR HE WAS WITH THE METROPOLHAN OPERA FOR TWELVE XCARS !
(A
II
it' iff
t/
y
St. Joe Ball Team Oppose Riveters
r By Ed KarpicK
Continued unfavorable weather kept the Boilermaker baseball team indoors yesterday in their final prep before the St Job series. Thus the team has to do without the advantages that they could get finishing their drills outdoors Coach “Dutch” Pehring expressed the hope that the weather would make another one of its quick about faces and the sun Would shine for the game tomoi row .. ..
Otherwise the game may pioduce a
Vast number of SOIe aims and pulled consists of Ed Cook, 2b, Paul muscles Fiiend, cf, Jim Rush, If, Geoige THifee Iihtmg Stint Buighart, lb. Bill Caison, if, Unless the weathei does get Chuck Rawlos oi Einie Young, 3b, warmer it is not veiy likely that Walt Smith, catcher, Waltci Leif anyone huilel will woik moie than pitcher thiee innings If, however, the day Possible leplacements foi the IS blight and sunny, one of the above mentioned squad aie Jack moundsmen may work foui of five Swantz oi Geoige Emerson, lb, innings if he appears to be able to Jim Shoemakei, 2b, loe Inman, 3b, go that fai and outfieldeis Bob Riley, Bob KeiLeifheit To Start sey, Tom Beigei, Red Andeison, and Walt Leifheit, Paul Petiick, and Cail Hipp
Tony Beito aie Fehring’s choices as IM Schedules
Purdue Expbiierif SPORTS
Suilday/ Malreh 29/1942
Page ^
Complete Program For ttl Football Clinic Annpgpff^
OjioumL Jh&, (jJaJtsA, £juxJ{sL —With— . . . Ted Clark . . .
Rambling thoughts abouf the Boilermaker football schedule of next fall...
R. , n-1 IT Isbell, Hutson.Green Bay Stan/ R, eterPBlolIeam T«ti«
Defeats Wisconsin In Armory Matches
Yesterday afternoon the Boilermaker pistol team defeated the visiting Wisconsin squad in a match held at the Armqry The visitors finished on the short end in both of the
huxlers for the opening game Leifh,eit syid Patrick aie iighthandeis, and Topy Befto is the only southpaw on the staff Of these thieo, Leifheit IS- the only one with pic vious varsity expeiienge The le mtilning two moundsmen have look ed very good in the indopi dulls thus far, and pained the light to be named m },he staiting gioUp o±
three
Tentative Lineup Because he has not had veiy much chance to see his squad under game conditions, Dutch is not ceitain oi the makeup of the icst of the team The lineup listed in yostei day’s Exponent IS a tentative ope and some last minute changes may be made
BASKETBALL Monday MticH 30 1042 Court 3 H 00 Cncle Pines vs M'liWood 8 1 j Phi Delta Theta vs Sigm i Phi Ep silon FINAL These t,amos must be pHyod oi ioifoitcd it this time VOLLEYBALL The followinf? Wards will repoit for V >1 hyball it 00 Mond ly Evening Wail 2 W ird 12 Waul 2) Wnid 2( Wild ^ Wild 32 Wnid 20 BASEBALL Th loJIowinj? Ward teams wiW play Biscball it I K) Mond ly evening: Wild 2 vs Ward 21——Diamond 1 Waul 33 \s Wirl 8—Diamond 2 W11 I 3 vs Waid 5—Diamond 3 Wild 3f vs Wild 2>—Diimond I Will 2S vs Wild 21 Diamond r Ih ti 1 lu vs Tri injrlo—Diamond ( Alpha K ipa Lambdi \ s Ihi Kappi Psi— Diimond 7 Dclti Chi vs Phi Delta Ih ti—Diamond 8 D Ui Upsilon vs Surma Pi—Di imonrl ) 1 lu I r'^ilon Phi Vs Alpha Chi Rho Diimmd 10
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
The Longest Lasting Nail Make-up Ever
CHEN YU 1-2-3 Set (Special for a limifed time only) n.50 If you want the prettiest, longest lasting mil mike up ever, do this 1 — cover your nails with Lacquerol to mike them gliss smooth 2— ipply your chosen shade of precious CHEN YU N iil L icqiier 3— i top co it of new Chen YU Chip CHEK finishing licquer CHIP CHEK speeds drying adds worlds of luster ind many diys of be luty Lacquerol CHFNYU ind ( IIIP CHEK ,, , all in a smart box tbit keeps them together $150 complete
IMAGINE THE BIG, bed Foidham Rams coming out heie to coin countiy to meet Buinham’s boys m the opening game foi both teams The Rams have nevei been west of Pittsbui gh and then it was a great stiess on the pi ess lelations dcpaitment in the Smoky City to get Coal University s eleven out thcie in the shadow of the Cathedral of Learning WE CAN JUST HEAR the publicity depaitment of the Polish Pio visional Govcinpient on Rose Hill giving out with little comments about the Indians that loam the Hoosiei piairies, scalping innocent touiists They Will piobably send the Rams out by aiilinei a la the Biooklyn Dodgeis foi leai of stage coach holdups and deseit vaimint Yes, the Rams aie pietty cocky when they aie cavoiting about that lousy tiiif oi the Polo Grounds in then beloved Noo Yawk BUT, BROTHER when they come out heie to coin countiy—as they aic siiie to tall it—this innocent bvfatandei has the consummate feeling that they’ll take a licking and they’d piobably take a lacing fiom Buinham’s Boilcimakeis in Gotham, too OH YES, and then we have a scoie to settle with Vandeibilt You know they call themselves the Commodoies Red Sandeis hi ought a good hunch oi boys up with him last jeai, but oi couiSe, there was the little m ittei that Vandy had been piacticing since August 15 WE’LL NEVER EORGET something that happened as wo walked out oJ Ross Ade stadium last tall aftei Vandy had downed a lethargic Pill due team 3 0, in one of the dullest engagements evei A smiling iel low in fiont of us let out something resembling a wai ciy and said, “Yippie wc licked the pants off those damn Yankees (damnyankee is one wold below the Mason Dixon line of couise) in then own back yaid ” Well tella, the Yanks the Pin due Yanks, if you will f aie coming to Nashville Thoy’ie coming this October 3 to be exact So be ye warned WITHOUT TAKING A BREAIH the Boileimakers will go to two metiopolitan cities Evanston and Columbus, in a row to cioss swords with Noithwestein ind Ohio State Suio, we’d like to beat NU but
(Continued iiixt column)
Ily Bob Krieger Outstanding high school coaches wiH join with Ceeil isheH and Don Hutson, professional football's most fejired SiOfiAI combination, and Burt Ingwersen, Northwestern line cosieh, ftt conducting the eleventh annual Purdue Football Clinic to be held here on Friday and Saturday, April 3-4, according to the complete program announced today by Guy Mackey, atbktile
director
Field Demosstrations
Vntually eveiy phase of football,
matches to give the Riveters a including the six-man game, will be Jwentor at Male, Louisville, Ky, who clean sweep for the afternoon covered dm mg the comprehensive undefeated teams m In the first match the Boileimak two day session which is expected of coaching and has been ers oiitscoied the Badgeis by a score attract between 300 and 500 high credited wth six Kentucky ehami)of 1341 to 1279 John Dodds was “school and college coaches from all Jonships Prioi to the noon recew, high man for the Mctois with a P^^ts of the middle west The em teaming techniques Will be describscoie of 278 points Nesvig of the pkasis will be placed on practical ed and d^onstrated by Lon Mann, Badgeis was a veiy close second instruction, with ample time foi Boilerm^er trainei
with his 276 total Othei Boileimak- field demonstrations of various gild
ers that placed in the competition techniques Witucki, of Washington weie John McCarthy, Waiien Yo- Leading Coaches Appear Bend, who is a former pupil
Among the high school coaches ®l”*er Burnham, the Riveters’ who wyll appeal on the piogiam will head football coach, will lead be Chailes Baei, Lew Wallace, ^itucki,whose Gaiy, Paul Jenkins, Male, Louis ^0 games, tied 5 ville, Ky , Beinie Witucki, Wash ^he past seven ington, South Bend, Henry Bogiie, ^ears, will take up various phases Washington, Indianapolis, Dan Ho defensive strategy before Dr. S. waid, Central, Evansville, Ahin ^ Riveter team physician, Franklin Rockville, and Robert discusses methods of pi eventing and
ti eating injuries
clci, Bob Essig, and Bob Shellhoin
Riveters Win Again
Boilermaker marksmen outscoied the Badgeis in the second match by a count of 840 points to 817 points I Another Rivetei, Merle Bunker, was high man foi this
match with a 179 point total
These pistol matches are staged Null, Noith Side, Fort Wayne under the aaspiees of the military Starts Friday At 10
depaitment The department has pistol practice eveiy year for all students inteiested and in this way many of the students h ive then
first opportunity to file
The clinic kickoff will be piovid ed Friday morning at 10 o’clock by Baer, whose Lew Wallace clercn was Clowned as Indiana ■'tate
Peerless Passing Pair Don Hutson and Cecil Isbell, Gi een Bav Packer stars, who between them hold practically all of the pioiessional loothall forward
champion last fall B i«i whoso Passing records, will collaborate ra
scores oi 14 17 and 14 16 aio Stick ing in oui Claw and giving us mild indigestion Bicarb wont help luii a victor v would WISCONSIN and Pat Haider roll into Lalayctte on Oct 24 with two straight Mctoiies ovci Purdue The 14 13 Flank Meiuwell defeat they dished out hcic in 1940 might hick file on them
teams h lyc dioppod but one of then last 20 games will tliscuss ‘ Decep tion in Poolhall ’ Continuing the opening morning session ollcnsive stiategv will he outlined by Paul Jenkins piesont
a discussion of passing and pa^s leeeivitig that is expected to provide one of the day’s highlights Following their discussion the pioiessional stais will adjouin to the practice field foi a demonstration of their
aeiial tactics!
T Formation Next Follow ing the Isbell-Hutson demonstiation, the field work will be continued with Henry Bogue, successlul Washington, Indianapolis,
Baseball Schedule
March 30 31—St Joseph here
Vpril 1—St Joseph, here Vpnl 3—Wabash, heie
4pnl 4—AVabash, here (2 games) mentor, taking up the fine points o<
IOWA’ Well Iowa
loyva IS still just
PAULAS PLACE
BEEF STEAK HOME MADE CHILI
BEEF BARB-Q PORK TENDERLOIN
Phone 2645
FURNAS ICE CREAM 216 W. Columbia St.
We Deliver
Tiiilf FASHIDi LOOK
Look as if you’d slojijiod right out of a fashion l>ook into the spring parade. Have your elolhes dyr eleaned and ket^p iheni looking smart. They’ll last longer too and it’s patriotie to he eeonomieal.
Norlliwoslorn al Vine
IMione JOtn
IT’S WOHTH SHOUTIMG ABOUT 4 A swell place to meet your friends— in die quiet atmosphere of rm GRILL
Everything from a QUICK SANDWICH to a COMPLETE LUNCHEON JM. fiWxduSL TlfhmufimL lAnmfL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
THE G A.ME w ith Gi e it Lakes foi lows Let s not discuss it for ^ Red Mackey says “it 11 be a bieather just like playing the Chicago Bcai s ’’ THAT DUIL 0 0 game with Michigan State yv is a lulu ibout as lascinating as a knitting bee_ The Spaitans shouldn’t be any more lively but they^ will have an interesting rlteinoon on the de tense BILLY HILLENBRAND or no Billy Ilillenbiai d the Fightin Hoos leis ol Indiana and Bo “Please Pass the Crying Towels MeMill in ai c son winds up We’ll neveu lor get
April 7—Notre Dame here April 10 11—Western Illinois, here Vpnl 14—A.t Wabash April 17-18—Illinois, here Vpnl 22—At Notre Dame Apiil 24 25—\t Michigan Vpnl 28—At Butler Mav 1 2—Ohio State here May 5—Butler, here May 8 9—At Indiana May 14—Wabash, here May 15 16—At Northwestern Mav 22 23—Minnesota, here
in foi a tough aftei noon as the sea Hillenbiand down at Bloorai-ngton last Novembei piotecting that 7 0 lead in the final quaitei by taking the ball and tailing down in the muck and mud and laughing at the charging Purdue defenders
SCOBEE’S SENIORS ! rmpIo>ers are inicl viewing now— DON’T DEI AY — Have application photos r< ady—Reliable service. Phone 2343 105 Northwesfern
Ave.
the T formation The single win^ back system will be elaborated by Dan Howard, of Central, Evansville, while Alkin Fiyikhn, of Rockville, yy ill bring his six man squad to the clinic foi a demonstration of sixman football tactics Ingwersen Discusses Lines How aid, whose Central elevens ha\e won oi tied for the southern Indiana title toi the past three successive seasons, and Franklin, whd has made a distinct success of the six man game at Rockville, will both also appear on the Saturday morning program along with Burt Ingweisen, Northwestern line coach, y\ho will discuss toiwaicLwall tactics > Banquet Friday Night Major John L Griffith, Big Ten athletic commissioner, will be pttireipal speaker at the annual banquet on Friday evening, which will be tolloyved by a coaches' round table in charge of Bob Nnlf, North Side,
Roit Wayne
The clinic y\ill come to a clQS.e with a demonstration game between two picked Boilermaker teams on Saturday alteinoon at 2 o’clock
Five Ways To Aid The Axis!
U ‘II 1 lalL ( )fi tra Ooiiluvri Uarer Crime Oifee 1^(0$ P(ii \i lijiit non ptamn^ at the Uars Theatre, graphttiUtty tlep Its nha' laii happen iihin iioiLirs in war do not I < I <i,‘ii I ri thiir risp in, bil tits to their eottnte/ fail io < ttriis pro ter iiiulioit Hri an St me lominon praituii, ivhttk make the Witetk if i\is i^iius (asm I Ket p on tcitrktitg, even ihmigtt passi r l» (ill ri ad otir *cur shouldi r 4. When you UteeM a fi tlow I mptos i e on tin strut dotrt heoitate to dUitCuiM shop problems nitb him i thscuaii bustuem etm the telephone, iien though stran^era ure tif the nflieet t B Inn sou luU the little woman to soy ron'ee oiirtimi be sure to tell hi r tihut soit’re woekillg > Ihsoosi of lonjnlential lorriApondenee amt letrbon pt r uiihout mutilating it.....
T r
|fA
rK “
4^^'
'4 < „ 1 'V" / „ f .7v
Purdue Exponent
' v74 !“
Sunday, March ^9, 194^
§tL Jhe, ^huhchsiA,
The Wesley Foundation Sunday Program at the First Methodist Church (Corner Chaunccj and South) 9 30—Thiee Student Cl.nsses 1 “The Life of Christ” uill be taught by Dean M L Fishei, Dean of Men 2 "Undei standing Ouisclvcs” taught bj Ml J C Fianklin 3 “The Meaning of P]a^el” taught by The Rev E R Balsley 10 40—Morning Woiship Seivice Doctoi Otto Steele vil) use as Ips theme “Crucifving Oui King ” The ehoii will furnish special music 5 10—At these meetings of Vespeis the new Foundation officeis foi the coming veai Mill be elected Ev eiy student is uigcd to ittend
Purdue Christian roimdalion Riuiday Piogiain at lalaiette Chii-itian Chinch Gth & Noith St 9 15—Catch lido fiom 111 S Cii-ant 0 30—Student Clas« Ml out toi the instalhtion of the uom otficeis and ths vaiious chinmon Heai Prof Roheit'on ‘Big Pobbie ’ «peak 10 to—Chuich W 01 ship Seivice iSpocial Palm Sundi\ piogiam “Open Dooi'? nid Closed Minds is the suhicct ot the Re\ Do\lc Mul len s sei mon b 00—Assemble foi tiip to Chuich building 5 15—10 cent Suppci it Chuich BWg 'SMS—Piogiam of Foium begins with Mis Meilc McCluie spe iking on “Family Poitiait” about the Lite of Jesus 7 30—Vespeis in the foim ol a leligious diama appiopiiate foi the Lenten Season, “Thy Son Liveth ’ along Mith loui anthems by the Chou f
Personnel Notes
If any senioi is inteiepted in an Intelyiev vith any of the following companies, complete one of the t ol low “Request foi InteivioM” caids, a “supply of which is m youi school office You Mill be notified by caid fiom the Peisonnel Office Mhen to schedule an intcivieM Wagnei Electnc Corporation, St Louis, Mo , Maich 30 ME and EF Sign up in Peisonnel Office Monsanto Chemical Co , St Louis, Mo ChE and Chemistiy foi sum mei MOik JUNIORS ONLY ( omc to the Peisonnel Oflice htfoie Maich 31 Electric Finnace Co, Salem 0 ME and EE seniois Mho aie ineh gible foi militaiy seivicc Come to the Peisonnel Olfice botoic Maich 31 Midwest Mfg Co, Cialcsbuig 111 ME Sign up in the Peisonnel Ol fice betoie Maich 31 Hiram Walker and Sons Ine Peoiia 111 , ChE and ME Also so phomoics and Illinois loi «iimmei Moik Come to Peisonnel Oil ice by Aluch 10 DuPont Conipanv Joliet 111 BS in Chemistii both men and Mom en Come to the Pci onnel Office betoie Maich 11 DuPont Conipain Wilmington Del , PhD Chemists and ChE Si..n up in Peiscnnel Ottice betoie Apiil 2 Brewstei \ei onaiitieal ( oi p Johnsville Pi MF Sign up in Pei sonnel Ottiee betoie Apiil 1 Sinclaii Refining Co E Chicago Ind ME Sign up in Pcisonnell Ot fice betoie Apiil 1 Zenith Radio C oi p , Chica,,o IP EE majoiing in communications toi summei MOik Sign up in Pci sonnel Office betoie Apiil 1 Wincharger Corp , Sioux Citj, la (subsidaiy of Zenith Radio Coi p ) EE Intel ested in dynamotois small geneiatois and motois Sign in P( i sonnel Ottice betoie Apiil 1 Libelty Planers, Inc Hamilton,
Episcopal Students SerMtes at St John’s Chuicii Sixth and Ferrv Bkssing of Palms and Hoh Com munion, Sam Bieakfast in Pansh House, following seiMce Holy Communion (choial) and 'Ciinon, 10 4S am Plot L W La biee and chon in anthem “The Palms” by Fame Seimon by Rev Reese F Thornton
University Presbyteiiaii ( huieh Noith Sticet at Giant Stieet Palm Sunday Maich 20 9 30 a m —The student class is staiting a new senes ot lessons on the development of the gieat tiuths of leligion and lift in the giowth ot the Bible, and Mill be led in then study by' Di Goidon H Giaves 10 30 a m—The Moiship pio giam Mill be |n accoid with the ob sei Vance of Palm Sunday Mi Find ley’s seimon theme will be ‘The Tiiumphant Chiist ’ The student thou, undti the diieetion ol Jim Chase and aeeompanied by Joanne Lloyd at the oigan Mill sing tMO anthems ‘The Psalms ’ Maijoiie Williamson singing the solo and “Jeiusalcm 0 Tuin 'ie by (,oun od 5 45 p m —The Sunday Evening Club will meet in the Reel cation Room ot the chuich toi a 15c sup pel Eollovving the siippei then will be a shoit piogiam
West Lafayette Baptist ( luireh Rev J B Gleason Ministei md Pastoi ol Students 9 30 a m.—Rogei tVilliams Club Class Plot Lovell, tcachei 10 35 a m—Chuich Woiship Seivice Palm Sunday and Decision Sei vices Message ‘riiumphant Religion by Rev Gleason Music by the Adult Chou Ihe Palms,’ and the ehildien s ehoii Mill sing ‘ Jeiusalem 5 30 p m—Rogci Williimstlub 1 elloMship Horn 0 00 p m—Suppci 15 cents 0 30 p m—Rogei Williams Club Devotional Seivice ind Musical pio giam Mis D F Biady will play the pi eludes Soloists Mill be Iiis Meek tiumpct, Doiotby Johnson piano Bob Evanson, piano and Viiginii Uliey Mill sing “Ihe J-’afins and “The Holy City by Adams The buiptuic Mill be lead by Liiuenci Wiles
“Lefty” O’Doul who won the bat ting Cl own ot the National League III 1932 while playing with the Biooklvn Dodgeis is said to have leceived $0 000 toi teaching Gai\ Coopei to thiow left handed loi his lole of Lou Gtliiig HI ‘ Piide ot thi Yankees ”
Dine Tonight ; NU CHINA GRILL i CHOW MEIN — CHOP SUEY ^ 409 Columbia Sr |
HEAR TOMMY DORSEY and His ORCHESTRA with
CONNIE HAINES featured Vocalist on Records at THE RECORD SPOT
This Love of Mine
^ I’m Getting Sentimental
What Is This Thing Called Love^
Little White Lies
Embraceable You
JSrdBStu’r.5:
Notices
\
PAC linpoilinl mcolinpr Wodnesday April R 1 lection (f ofTicctK All picscnt memhors and lu w scnioi minaprtrfl ploaBc attend - ADAMS Alpha Phi Omepa loimnl pledKinc: and imifilant busintss mtotinL at '"30 pm 1 Hsdav Much H in lorm ^0> of Union KUCK Roper WillinmB Club Easter snniisc ROiv ice All (hil) members meet at th( parson itr( llfl S Gi int at > 15 a m ind from tbeie o t SLoeUys Woods A bieakfast will be servid immedmtdy nftti thiP meet mir it tin thurth Piict 1) cents U1 REY UnderRradnatc Dames (lub Mectinp: Fue^^d ly Maich it 7 30 at th< home ol Ml Otto likitnL lOh West lutz bt Bob laik will speak n Atctssones for the Ilonu — BAI L Scabbard and Blade Mectinp: Iiiday A) ill i it I It in the Aimoiy to assiRn post'! uid W)ik fut dttiils fm Best Sol (Iki C ntest All itti\(s picas botheie You irc nctd( 1 lACKSON Student Art Guild Meeting: Jiusdrv Miuh 1 1 1 mil libi irv if its tiioc wei Ih i Otb iwis ir U m 2( 1 c f the Union I AUKS PAC Imrcitant ni et np- W(lnesdi\ \l nl 8 f i ildtion ft J (h( i All puscnl memWis 1 u w s( ru r niinigcis pk is It ml ADXMS
Student Senate Meeting: will be held Tucfiddy March SI at 7 ^0 p m in the Sen ate olfiee OfTicers will be elected
- DIBOS
All Women Students Plan to attend an mill Omicron Nu Virginia C Meicdith Club dinner at 0 SO p m Tuesday Maich SI in the Homo hconomies cafet ria Tickets will bp on sale at Homi Eci nomies Building )f free at soroiJt> hous(s and icsidcncc halls foi 1)0 centB BI ANK Ag rd Society A*nnunl dinner at 6 15 p m Wednesday April 1 in the Home 1 co nomics building Siickots may be obtained from Carroll Coleman and Heniy Witr foi GO cents COLEMAN Alpha Phi Omega Inioivlewing commit toes turn in names and leports to Beit Keck immediately —BREWER I piscopni Students Holy communion at 8 am Sunilav March 20 followed by bicak list in P insh House at St lohns Church -THORNTON All Home Economics Students Plan to attend annual Omieron Nu Virginia C Mci idth Club dinnir at 0 30 pm luesday Maich 31 in thr Home 1 conomics Cafe Iona Tickets will be on sale at Home Economics building ofTic( at Soroiity houses and lesiicnce halls foi 50 cents
^ BI ANK
Engineering Stiulcnls Ihoie will bo in open meeting ol the ASML luxl Fue day Much U it iO pm in lOom 207 of the MI Buiklmt, Tcln A Dunnei Uni\ci*sity pilJtatUint\ will s)eikon Patent law and its U 1 itu n lo Uu Enginrcr -lOPINKA Wesfminster roundution He founda tion will hi\( no piitics until Paste i All
cr Easter at least two more social functions are planned A rollci skating paity is planned immediately after Easter and a picnic 18 planned for the latter part of April —CLARK Catalyst flluli 1 lection of ofTicers Wed nesday April 1 at 7 30 Sign list in Dr lovills office and pick up a copy of tht rjnstitutnn before tufsday noon
—YODER
Science Seniors All science seniois who have not called at my olhee in the past week to fill out senior blanks arc icqucstcd to do so at once —ENDERS Alpha lambda Delta Initiation services will b( held at 8 am in room 232 of the Union Sunday March 20 All actives be there at SO Breakfast afterwaids will be 35 cints —MacDONOr 1) Purdue Flying (lub Due to C A P Navy day meet in Vincennes and Evans ville on Saturday and Sunday March 28 and 20 the schfdukd an meit will be post poned until April 12 PI ins for th( an mott will be discussed at the next regular meet ing Eor inform iti in isll Bcinhaid or Habicht BERNHARD Phi Lambda Upsiion Business meeting rhinsdav Anril 2 at I 10 p m in loom 421 of the Chemistry building
BRANNER
Scriveners Met liriL tonight at " 10 i ni in loom 263 i 1 the Union . Rn GI L ^
Ballet Practice Will the following le p rt to tic f,ym Mondiy at 4pm loi bal let piacticc S Pai enkuth A Walcibiiy W 1 aimer J Bi )wn M Cnvts S lohn
son M Johnson B Hunaon M Price R easier M Eleag^r A Cox P Hendricks and M Rosencrans
—BEMIS
Triton Club Regular meeting of Triton Club in the Womens gvm Tuesday March 31 at ■' 30 p m Lleetion of officeis will bo held and atldidance will be compulsoiy fci active members —KRAEPLIAN AWS There will be no meeting of independent hou'^.e piesidents council Monday
Maich 30
—MIFSCHE P 0 M M Members There will be a leg ular metting Tuesday March 31 at 4 15 ]) m in loom 105 oi the Aimory Major 1 eiKjuny will speak on I ort Biagg All membds u< uigid to attend
-ARKIN
All Swimmerb Dr Ipliin swimming ban quet d iti has been changed to Thursday A])ril 2 All m n intci sted sign up in thi \fol and pay Oc ti Williamson
—KERR
Classified Ads
Wanted Full time stenoerapher and general office Baaiatant Purdue liackr ground preferred Apply by letter. E«ponent Box No 1,
Typewritcra—Adding Maclunea, all makg void rented repatrod and purehaaed Mimeograph work done C J tbersliolf, 005 Main, I (ifiiytlU Phom 2779
Mimeographing and typing—hulfetininga, ItUers etc Stairs Meicaritil Service 125 Noith 4th St
I'l \ Bo ird Members II mom i Iickds ni( ( ri\ <nt SU I INI R S( A T diuiition il (huimm Iheie will ht r imi 1 III m cl n I I \ M ii I II ii th S( \ I n 111 —M ( RARY
Ohio ME Sij.,!! in Pc ooni cl OfJicc heJoie Maich 31 Worthington Piinip and 'Vl'iehin CIV f Ol p H VI noon \ J ftJE Ch r nid EE Snn up in Pc sonnel Ol ficc betoie Apiil 1 ' urthild \viation (oip Janiai c 1 N 5: ME ind EE Siv,n in Pi i sonnil Otfice betoie Apiil 2 I eeds and Northiup Co, J^hil i (Iclphia Pa ME Snn np in r*ci sonnel Ottice be loi c lluiisdiv Api il 9 ( ivil 4eronautits Administi alioii Dept ot Comnieice Washington, D C Acionauticil EnRineeis Sign up in Peisonnel Otfice betoie Maich 31 I ail child Aviation Coi p Jamai ca N Y ME and EE Sif,n up in Peisonnel Ottice betoie Apiil 2
Everything for a Callege Edtiralion DEAC’S
AMERICAN’S
unique Sanitone (‘leaning service renews color, texhire, fit
( tilois have a vvannlh anti fieshnoss yoiiM almost lorgotten. Toxture has that rich “feel” you admiterl when the suit or diess was new! Il will hi heaiitifully, too, heeause we press il lo its original shape. DIAL 7278 mmm iauidry 132 Northwestern Avc.
SPECIAL SALE 4 Days Only — March 30 to April 3
Ylu-Cve
Slip of Beauty
That Will Wear as Well as a Slip Twice its Price Regularly a $1.19 Value
$
1
(olots: Ten Hose, n liile Ol Black
Adju$t«bl» Straps Doubled Bra Sleek Fit Over Diaphragm High Shadow Panel Deep Hem
In Regular Length
You’ll ihiill at the ht ol this slip whieh needs no ironing—It won’t iide np or sag and will give yon n'al freedom ot aelion. Made oj Tested Warp Knit Rayon Tricot Thieme & Wangerin (>22-626 fUain St.
MY MOMMY DONE TOL' ME
THAT WHENEVER I LOSE SOMETHING THAT I NEED
GREATLY, JUST CALL 4005 AND ORDER A
ADVERTISING PAYS
CLASSIFIED AD
IN