•>!>>
This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning Oi By, and For Students of Purdue Univeruty
^O-GCL CiQlltlOll Purdue Exponent
SUNDAY lonuary 9, 1939 Lafayette, Indiana VOL 49 No, 89
ioileimakers Sown Maroons. 50-34
Agricultural Conference Opens Tomorrow
Washington This week President Roosevelt gave the press, the people and the public servants of the people plenty to talk about. Loading his message to Congress with New Deal reform demands, he left no doubt in any minds that his intent to press the majority of his legislative plans is unswerving. Close observers noted in his message that the New Deal leaders spat out one excessively large bite of reform: Regional Planning, and were snapping anew at an old plum pie reserved for big capital: Monopoly.
A
Declaring no government could conscript cooperation from business, cracking at industry’s alleged shutdown strike, the Presidenr heralded a new barrage of anti-trust laws to snare coi^porate lawyers and their clients.
Debate Calendai Aiineunced For Next Semester The debate calendar and subjects for second semester varsity debating for both men and women have been announced by L. S. Winch, debate director. “Resolved: that the proposed Ludlow Amendment to the Federal Constitution should be adopted,” is the subject selected for the men’s Varsity Debate to be held February 23. The subject for their next meet, which will be April 8 and 9 is, “Resolved: that thd National Labor Relations Board be empowered to enforce compulsory arbitration of industrial disputes.” “Resolved: that the several states should enact a bniform marriage law” will be debated by the woman’s varsity teams some time in
March.
Intercollegiate Debates Several college and university debating teams will visit the University in February and March for conference debates. Besides their regular conference debates and the Spring debate Tournament to be held in Chicago, the University debate teams will compete in tournaments at Manchester College, Feb-i-uary 25 and 26, University of Wisconsin, March 25 and 26, and University of Chicago, April 8 and 9. Winch has called a meeting of all men interested in second semester’s debate for Wednesday at 7 p. m. in room 101, University Hall. At that time plans will be made for next semester debates. A meeting of all women interested in second semester debating will be held Tuesday at 4 p. m. in room 301, University Hall. Du Pont Chemist To Address AlChE Chaplin Tyler of the DuPont Chemical Company will give an'illustrated lecture on the production of ammonia at an open meeting of the American Institute of Chemical Engineers, tomorrow night at 7:30 o’clock in the Electrical Engineering lecture room. “This is one of the outstanding AIChE sponsored meetings' of the year, and we expect between five and six hundred students to attend,” said J. H. Jacobi, secretary of the organization. Announcements of the lecture have been made in all chemical engineering classes, and several of Dr. Martin’s freshman chemistry students are expected to attend. Big Ten Standings
W L
Northwestern 2 0 Purdue 1 0 Michigan 1 0 Iowa 1 0 Indiana l... 1 1 Wisconsin 1 1 Ohio State 0 1 Minnesota 0 1 Illinois — 0 2
Speaking strictly of dollars and cents, Roosevelt reported to Congress Wednesday he had pulled on the executive brakes to slow up spending in an unsuccessful effort to balance his budget. He blamed the business recession for reducing revenue and upsetting his plans. Estimating the deficit for the current fiscal year as well over one billion dollars, he forecast the 1939 deficit would be smaller. - Planning less spending next year on projects dear to vote-loving Congress (public buildings, highways, river and harbor projects) the President inkled he may take advantage of foreign naval hazards to build battleships.
The undeclared war between the New Deal and privately-owned U. S. utilities took a sharp turn when 75year old Associate Justice George Sutherland read the 6-2 Supreme Court decision upholding the government in the Alabama Case. He had cast no vote on the case. Henceforth government loans to finance municipally-owned public utilities is indisputably constitutional. Answering privately owned utilities whose rates were higher than those required to operate municipal plants, said Justice Suther* land, “While the loan might frustrate complainant’s hopes of h profitable investment ,it would not violate any legal right . . . .”
Strangely enough, with the reading of this ultra-liberal decision, bewhiskered Conservative Sutherland ended his career on the bench, am^ounced retirement. Washington is now buzzing with the question: who will take his place? Few doubt that President Roosevelt will be more careful about the matter of unblemished careers in choosing a new justice. Insiders believe there are three names in the President’s notebook: Solicitor General Stanley Reed, Judge Sam C. Bratton of the 10th U. S. circuit court, and Senator Sherman Minton of Indiana. Regardless of the choice, all realize the 60 year old conservative tradition of the court is gone. National The average man isn’t buying automobiles, according to William S. Knudsen, president of General Motors, because he thinks work is going to be slack. “We need more assurance all the way down the line this year and the year after*,” said the president of the corporation which laid off 30,000 men January 1. Appearing before the senate’s special unemployment committee, he declared there was no way to forecast the 50 percent drop in business his company experienced in November and December. On the (Continued on page 4)
Five-Day Meeting Will Feature Various Exhibits, Demonstrations; Rural Contest Held Tuesday Various exhibits and demonstrations will be shown at the annual Agricultural Conference, beginning tomorrow, in the Old Agricultural Building, Poultry Building, Memorial Union, and University Farm Buildings. ' Sessions are arranged by half days in divisions which will he of most interest to individuals as agricultural engineering, bee-keeping, botany and entomology, dairy farm management, forestry, horticulture, livestock, and poultry. There will be general sessions in Eliza Fowler Hall at various times.
Music Session
One of the high-lights of the conference will be held Tuesday evening in the Jefferson High School Gymnasium. At that time will be the Rural Amusement Contest with James R. Wiley of the University in charge. Wednesday evening will be a music festival featuring Indiana home economics county chor-
uses.
The program will be under the direction of A. P. Stewart. The Purdue convocation committee has invited the visitors to hear the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra* Thursday evening. As a grand finale, J. S. Knapp, of the National Recreational Association, New York City, and F. L. Reynolds, of the University, will lead musical games and dramatics in the Women’s Gymnasium on Friday evening. Home Ecs To Meet In connection with the Ag Conference, the Indiana Home Economics Association will celebrate its twen-ty-fifth anniversary. Special recognition will be given twenty-five-year clubs, one hundred per cent counties, arid past master farm homemakers. Jack Stuart Knapp from National Recreation Association will be here and assist McReynolds in talks on recreation for the family, and family and community dramatics. Dean Stratton will discuss “What Makes a Girl Successful in College” and Dean Fisher, “The Development of Boys at the University.” Housing and equipment, clothing, and reviews of recent books will be fegitured also. Thursday Is Big Day Thursday will be the big day beginning with the business session in the morning, followed by the annual luncheon in the Union Ballroom. The Purdue Symphonic Band concert will precede an album of past presidents compiled by Mrs. Clendenning, president, and Mrs. McCay, past president. Music appropriate to the year of service will be given by Eva Robertson, violinist, with Kathryn Merritt accompanying. Mrs. Hodge, of Clinton county, will have charge of a tea given in the gymnasium at 4 to conclude this year’s program. There will be six tables, with silver service and decorations. Between 1,000 and 1,200 farm women are expected to rittend this tea of which the past presidents will be hostesses. Scholarship Offered ToUndergraduafesBy United Airline Company United Airlines, Incorporated, is offering four scholarships to male undergraduate students with a good university standing, between the ages of eighteen and twenty-five. The winners may choose from the following courses: air transport engineering, practical aeronautical engineering, airline flight officer training, airline technician, and others. Candidates must write a treatise of not more than 3,600 words, which must be submitted by March 14.
WestinghouseTo Grant Research Lah Fellowship Five post-doctorate fellowships
for research in modern physics at the Westinghouse Research Laboratories in East Pittsburgh during 1938-39 will be awarded this spring. These appointments will be for one year, and the men will be eligible for one reappointment, which will ultimately provide an opportunity for ten physicists to continue their research using the facilities of one of the nation’s great industrial lab-
oratories.
Circulars giving details of the plan were mailed in December to universities and technical schools inviting applications for fellowships from men of academic training equivalent to a doctor’s degree in physics, chemical physics or physical metallurgy. All applications must be turned in by March 1, 1938, and the announcement of awards will be made early in April. Candidates must propose a definite research problem within the field of the Laboratories’ activities. Supei-visor of the work will be Dr. E. U. Condon, formerly of Princeton University and recently appointed associate director of the laboratories for the program of fundamental research. Directing Staff Of All Campus Musical Produefion Chosen The board of controllers, made up of various members of the faculty and six student organizations, will select the directing staff of the allUniversity musical production at a meeting this afteraoon. The campus organizations cooperating to make the production a success are Playshop, the Student Union, PIA, Student Senate, the two Pan-Hellenio Councils, WSGA, and musical organizations. Important staff pqsitions to be filled are those of dance, music, production, and business di-
rectors.
!
Each director is in charge of a committee which will be made up of students from the six organizations sponsoring the production. Students who are interested in taking part in the production and who are not members of the/six organizations sponsoring it, may do so by making inquiry at Playshop office. Delay Disfribufion Of Class Schedules “Because of delay in printing, the schedule of classes for the second semester will not be available for distribution at the registrar’s office until January 11 and 12.” This announcement was made last night by R. B. Stone, registrar, when asked concerning the distribution of the pamphlets.
Play Before Crowd Of 4,480 In Big 10 Opener Playing before a crowd of 4,480, “Piggy” Lambert’s Boilermaker five opened their Big Ten season with a 50-34 win over the University of Chicago last night. Led by Jewell Young, last year’s Big Ten high scorer, who netted six field goals and two free throws for 14 points, Lambert’s proteges rolled up
a 26-15 score at half-time.
Young Scores First Young broke the ice for the Boilermakers with a one-handed shot from the side. Peterson tipped one in for the Windy City crew to tie the score, but Dickinson slipped away from his guard and made one under the basket to put the Boilermakers out in front. The Maroons never threatened after this. Summary: Chicago (34) B. F. Mullins 1 1 Lounsbury 5 5 Meyer 1 0 Peterson 1 0 Eggemeyer 3 0 RosSin 0 2 Amundsen 2 0
Totals
13
Purdue (50) B. Young 6 Sines 3 Anderson 1 Malaska 3 Beretta 1 Zink 1 Dickinson 4 Yeager l Fischer O
Totals
-.20 10
Fenske Tells 250 Of Petroleum Work At Chem Ledure Guide of a self termed “Cook’s tour of petroleum,” Dr. Merrill R. Fenske of Penn State led 260 American Chemical Society members in a lecture on the fractional extraction and distillation of petroleum yesterday afternoon in the chem lecture room. After the lecture the society had a dinner in honor of the speaker. Techniques and apparatus for treatments of hydrocarbons were discussed. Diagrams of apparatus were shown, along with slides and graphs I which illustrated treated petroleum. Various parts of the country have different types of oils, suitable for different uses, said the chemical engineering professor. Processing can produce oils of the desired type. Differences in physical and chemical qualities of the Michigan, Ponca City* Yates, Pennsylvania, and Bradford oil deposits were shown by diagrammatical slides. References to differences in dinosaur diets brought the point closer to the aud-
An ideal engine oil would be one that had great viscosity yet was economical to use, and may some day be developed, he suggested. One item of interest to both organic chemists and the automotive industry is increasing the compression ratio for burning gas. Compact cai’bons are better for quick starting, he emphasized, but straight chain carbon atoms cheaper. Modern gasoline is a blend of the two kinds of hydrocarbons. The professor of chemical engineering was occasionally whimsical and his colorful figures of speech seemed to entertain his audience. Dr. Fenske will be in the faculty lounge of the Union building this afternoon from 1 to 2:30 o’clocjc for questions or interviews with any persons interested. Dr. J. L. Bray, chairman of the meeting, announced.
Beard-Scratched Co-eds To Share Brawl Prizes Friend! Boilermaker! Ed! Show us your beard! Is it the reddest? the curliest ? the blackest ? or the most like goofer feathers ? If it is one of these, you will be the proud possessor of a prize at the Sigma Delta Chi Brawl. On this occasion however, it does not pay as much to specialize, for the best, all-round beard will be recognized by a ticket refund for its wearer. Modesty Pays For the co-ed of this era of onepiece bathing suits, prizes are offered for the two most modestly dressed. And the size eight shoe wearers will gaze wistfully at the co-ed who wins the ticket refund for the tiniest feet. But there will be consolation for the lads with smooth faces and the lassies with size eight feet, for they will have just as good a chance to win the various other prizes. No End To Bonuses The end of the bonuses has not yet come. 'Two comps have heen offered fori the best photographs to be spread in that notorious tabloid, the Exposer. Deadline for the pictures is this noon. Co-eds predict that in spite of the two hot bands provided for dancing, Bernie Young and Bud Bryant, there will be an unprecedented amount of “sitting out” caused by faces scraped on bristly beards. Reports of local merchants, that razor blade sales have dropped to a new low, are getting the girls down. Ticket sales have been limited to 400. The Union Desk, Deac’s, Southworth’s, and any member of SDX are prepared to relieve you of $1.99 Vs. Sevifzky Directs Symphony Music For Convocation Fabien Sevitzky, conductor, will bring his Indiariapolis Symphony Orchestra to the University for the convocation to be presented Thursday. Professor J. T. Gunn, chairman of the convocation committee, announced the program and that the Symphony Orchestra will be here at convocation for a return engagement March 10. The first part of the program will
be:
1. Euryanthe Overture—Weber. 2. Erne Kleine Nachtrausik—Mozart. 3. The Lone Prairie—Shepherd. 4 The Master Singer—^Wagnei*. 1. Introduction to the Third Act. 2. The Dances and Eutrie§ of the Master Singer. After the intermission, Tschaikowsky's Symiphony No. 4 in P minor will be presented. Otker Scores Northwestern 35, Ohio 34. Michigan 46, Illinois 87. Iowa 48, Indiana 39. Wisconsin 85, Minnesota 28.THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday. January 9. 1938
H
i
1
1
’
The Co-Editor Says
To Cooperate
. . . with the all-campus musical comedy, WS GA is giving up its annual Festival Day, last year an elaborate production. Now the organization is faced with the problem of entertaining the mothers on Mother’s Day weekend and of maintaining a May Queen without an extensive program.
Why must we have a May Queen, a campus ed might question ? Because this feature symbolizes so much of Spring and fair co-eds that it seems necessary. Crossing a May Queen off the schedule would seem to admit lack of beauty.
Few outsiders realize that this University enrolls 1,000 woman students. To make ourselves known to this group of people we feel it necessary to maintain all our present traditions concerning women.
The association of May Queen and spring is prevalent everywhere. This is one more argument in favor of her majesty.
An entire week is devoted to the official welcome of springtime at the University of Pittsburgh. Included in the program of this university are a May Day Tribute by the sophomore class to the senior women, a float parade sponsored by the Pan-Hellenic Association, and a Coronation Ceremony presented by WSGA. The float event is colorful for it is made up of fraternity floats, all decorated to conform to a unified theme, such as popular songs. The Coronation Ceremony commemorates the achievement of senior women by crowning a senior queen. In this way the women students manifest their ideal of what a woman graduate should be.
Why Are There...
the Purdue Exponent
MEMBER
^sectated 6bUgj9tate 'gUresg
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922^ Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $8 per year; by mail $8.80.
RBPRHSeNTEO FOR NATIONAL ADVERTlSlNO BV
National AdvertssingService, Ine.
College Publishers Representattve 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y Chicago - Boston - Los Angeles . San Francisco
MAIN OFFICE
812 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone S037 Business Phone 5038
UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office
\
Editor-In-Chief R. P. Manion
Business Manager D. C. Miller
PUBUCATION STAFF
Managing Editor J. E. Brock Associate Editors D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Sehroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance Editor's Secretary Margaret Sawyer
BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager .W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager R. R. Hensler Circulation Manager. M. C. Reeves
CO-ED STAFF
Editor Associate Editors..
Elizabeth Pyke Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee
Editor Associate Editors
SPORTS STAFF R. F. Obenchain J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offcial University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief.
Issue Editor—Sally McKee Night Editor—Vance Sunday, January 9, 1938
... SO few women of professorial rank on the faculties of midwestern universities? This question has been raised here following a survey to determine the comparative numbers and ranks of men and women on the University faculty.
the department of biology, one in the department of English and speech, and four in physical education for women.
The actual figures show that in the entire school there are three woman professors, seven associate,professors, and 10 assistant professors, as compared with the male numbers of 92 professors, 74 associate professors, and 86 assistant professors. The significance of these figures is that only 20 out of a total of 272 faculty members holding professorial rank are women; from this group only three out of 95 persons having achieved full professorship are women.
Since every freshman girl is required to take both chemistry and English, it seems that woman instructors might belong in these departments. Likewise, the departments of modem languages, mathematics, history, economics, government, and biology, as well as the school of pharmacy might find it helpful to the near-one thousand women students now enrolled in the University to employ woman instructors.
While one-sixth of the student enrollment is girls, less than one-thirteenth of those persons holding professorial rank are women.
Outside the school of home economics seven women rate professorial positions: There are, one lone lady professor in the engineering schools, three associate professors and one assistant professor in the division of education and applied psychology, one assistant professor in the department of physics, and one associate professor in physical education for women. To these may be added (though not of professorial rank) two instructors in
Why is it so difficult for women to find good emplosnnent in the field of education outside of girls’ schools? What seem to be the objections to employing women in the responsible positions of professors, full, associate, and assistant, as well as instructors? Is there still prejudice against them in co-educational schools and state universities ? Are they not considered as capable as men with same degrees? Or why? —M.C.
collegiate
By 6eorgann Schilling That freshmen are becoming more clever and aware of the ways and wiles of the world is evidenced by the action of the beginning class of Case School. They insured the class president with Lloyd’s agency for $10,000 against being kidnapped by the sophomores in the annual interclass “bag rush.”
Dean Gildersleeve, of Barnard College, told the. freshman during a lecture period that the time is not ripe for a woman president of the United States. “A girl has a right to hope however,” he added—^that is, unless she is a Republican.
New York University’s students have an extra-large duty now since the school’s curriculum includes a course in popular music. Vincent Lopez conducts the class, and pupils wishing to curry favor with the professor are kept busy polishing the big apple.
Following a survey made at Eastern schools, college boys were found to be moie complimentary in describing the typical collegiate lad representing their own group than in picturing the stereotypes of the neighboring schools. According to them, the outdoor, college-loyal, hard-drinking Dartmouth man is never confused with the blase, snobbish, intellectual Harvard product, while Yale’s loyal, collegiate athletes do not fit the picture of Princeton’s style-setting gentlemen. Nevertheless, the research workers have decided that although there may be a slight difference in the order of adjectives applied to various college lads, the general pattern for
the stereotype college man is highly consistent.
The best achievements in sports come between the ages of twentyfive and thirty according to findings of Dr. Harvey C. Lehman of Ohio University. A man cannot be a champion golfer, for example, imtil he is old enough to have a business to neglect.
probable that the terrier has gone away to start anew under another name rather than struggling through life bearing the same name as the hero of “Gone With the Wind.”
Among organizations receiving New Year’s Day honors in New Yorker magazine, top credit went to the military academy that placed the following advertisement in several New York papers in October: “High school football players offered full scholarship in military school. Apply at once.” Another advertisement which received honprable mention came from the Rhode Island Sun and stated: “Lost: Wire haired terrier, male, answers to name of Rhett Butler.” It is quite
ARC
TODAY & MONDAY
MONTGOMERY (^tdeMiul ROSSER
-hkIbo—* “BETTY BOOP” CARTOON
Research in England by ex-Sena-tor Hiram Bingham of Connecticut shows that Yale really owes its existence to Harvard. “The Cambridge school was so snobbish,” the exstatesman declares, “that somebody had to start a college for members of the human race.”
Dastardly Dick ^ McGhee, Delt hope for the Boilermaker Red-Beard Classic, was scratched this week— the result of mixing pleasure and business. One of the finest and reddest beards that has appeared in these parts was lost w)ien McGhee was shorn.
Dick’s hirsute triumph was in full glory when he exhibited himself to Marian White last Thursday night. Chi O White, of pugilistic fame, stuck out her chin and quoth she firmly:: “No shave—^no date!”
“Yes, dear,” replied Samson McGhee meekly, and proceeded to shear himself under cover of darkness, to the utter disgust of the brothers.
McGhee’s De Pauw girl friend arrives Sunday expecting a full beard. Dickie is going to have to talk fast to get himself out of this one!
And from Stu Distelhorst, former Bold and Black editor when columns WERE columns, and now technical editor of Air Conditioning, an engineering publication of New York City, comes the announcement:
GRAND OPENING Sunday, January 2 Apt. 52 D, 42 Pery St. (Two Rooms, Kitchen and Bath) New York, N. Y. (Greenwich Village) VISIT US IN OUR NEW HOME —S. C. Distelhorst. —P. L. Fosburg.
CONSOLATION FOR A FINALS WIDOW
I love me And so does he; We’re both in love. And both with me.
A huge box of toy money recently went through the mails, from a member of one defeated Prom party to an also-ran. Now she can settle her Prom debts—said the sender, who included a poem, just to be nasty:
A sad situation is Christmas vacation. With bills from Prom-ing to pay. The losing was worse, and that’s why this purse To make Christmas a happier day. “NUTS!” snorted the recipient. “It’s hush money, conscience money, or campaign money that had to be dumped somewhere!”
Santa Claus sent a box of five-for-a-dime cigars to the Lambda Chi house last week addressed to “Gay Lochinvar Gaylord.” Even this generous gift couldn’t console Gaylord, the Great Lover, who has been wondering whether the girl from Omaha will still come down to Prom when she finds out about the TWO rings belonging to him which are at present in the possession of TWO Purdue co-eds. We wonder what the St. Francis high school girl will think about the whole situation if she has occasion to consider a pin. (That’s all there is left to take.)
MYRNA LOY ^Uui(iifTONE.^!itRwRllf$ELL
WALTER PIDGEON
—Extra-
POPEYE CARTOON
LUHA
STARTS
Today
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
‘My wife couldn’t come but she wanted everybody to see her ' new gown!”
By Joan Wimborough Since campus life is filled with inti’oductions, we are back to the subject again. A ^jStudent often would like to speak to some member of the faculty, or to some older person, who is a friend of his parents, but he hesitates to introduce himself.
The Blue Book of Etiquette suggests this simple formula to solve the difficulty: the student should say: “Professor Jones, aren’t you a friend of my father? I am George 6rown’s son.” Professor Jones will then say: “I know your father well. I am glad that you spoke to me.” (At least we hope he says that.)
STARTS TODAY
with GAIL PATRICK Constance Collier Andrea Leeds Samuel $. Hinds Lucille Ball from Ibo ploy by Sdoo kPorbor t Goorgo S, Kavfmeit
Added Joy CHARLIE McCarthy Edgar Bergen in “Bring on the Girls”
If some one presents you to a peiv son for the second time, you should smile and say, “I have already met Mr. Smith.” If Smith should look blank, you should smile still more broadly and say lightly, “I’m afraid Smith has forgotten.” Then let the matter drop, unless he wants to discuss it further.
Should you meet a person again whom you have brought to your home, or who has showed you any hospitality or special courtesy, you should say, “I’m so glad to see you again.”
NOW PLAYING
ROSALIE NEUGN EDDY ELEANOR POWELL
Featuring Frank MORGAN • Edna May OUVER ILONA MASSeV BILLY GILBERT REGINALD J»Wim
— EXTRA — JIMMY FIDLER’S PERSONALITY PARADEwpps
S'‘)
i'
Sunday, January 9, 1938
Tlffi PintpUE EXPONENT
Riveters Invade Illinois University Camp
Sell'Out Crowd To See Hardwood Battle At Champaign Gym Tomorrow Evening
Broadcast by* WILL, Illinois University radio station. There will be a wild scramble for seats at the George Huff g3nnnasium in Champaign, Illinois, Monday night when the SgHIinglllini come up against Purdue’s sharpshooting quintet. All Seats Gone There are just 7,048 seats available in the gym and these were all spoken for at the beginning of last week, so ticket windows will be closed and ticket rooms silent as the cage fans file into the arena to watch the modem gladiators co-opera-tively fight out their fast, thrilling game.
This year the Illinois squad is facing its second year under their new coach, Doqg Mills. His first year as mentor of the team ended up by its sharing the Big Ten basketball championship with Minnesota and winning ten out of their twelve conference games. '
Strong Competition This year they are picked to again capture at least a share of the title, but before they walk off with the crown they have to meet such foes as Michigan, Minnesota, Indiana, who has already beaten them once, and last, but by no means least, Purdue.
We Pay 40% CASH
for
Second Hand Books Every Day H.G.(Deac)Reisner Bookstore Everything for a College Education
Purdue To Face Detroit In First '38 Grid Game Boilermaker opponents for the 1938 football season, announced yesterday, are headed by the University of Detroit. The schedule includes eight rivals. With the former Notre Dame star, Gus Dorais, who coached the collegiate all-star team to victory over the Green Bay Packers, as mentor, the Detroit team will offer stiff competition in the first Purdue clash of the year. ^ The Purdue schedule is as fol-
lows:
Sept. Oct. Oct. Oct. Oct. Oct. Nov. Nov. Nov.
24—Detroit at Purdue. 1—Purdue at Butler. 8—Purdue at Minnesota. 16—Purdue at Pordham. 22—Wisconsin at Purdue. 29—Purdue at Iowa. 5—Purdue at Ohio State. 12—Open. 19—Indiana at Purdue^
There really should be some comment on a team named Rice should win the Cotton Bowl contest. A college called Skidmore has been having a skiing carnival at Saratoga Springs the last three days.
• the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
Bookstores
SOUTHWORTirS Everything for the Purdue Student
“DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. BISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701 —— Printing —
SUDDEN SERVICE
P
RINTING Office SfaHoneiy . . Weddlna Invitations
_ Sales Books, Etc. .. .
phone
2 62 8 CASSEL’S 408FERRY
Locksmith —~
F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths Automobile key and lock service our
specialty.
L. C. N. Door Closer Distributors 208-211 N. 5th St, Phone 2828 — Barbers'— MODEL BARBER SHOP 222 No. 5th Street Lafayette “THREE GOOD BARBERS”
Hardvoare —
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J.SPERBHDW. 822 MAIN
Florist
dhJth ^lohjud Inc. 635 Main St. in Luna Theatre Buildins Phone 7955—8050 \
Furniture —
Student Equipment Sacfk J'juAnUwui (^D. 425 Columbia St. Phone 2728
Dine
DINE DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Lindbergh Road — Beauty Studio — • EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • Co-ed Special, Thurs. - Fri. KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727
If Illinois comes out leading the list this season thdy will have earned the honor because they come up against all of the teams which are rated as being the best in the Big Ten. Split Series Last Year Last year Illinois won first from the Boilermakers by a 38-37 score in a game which had the fans in a semi-hysteria, and then Purdue came back later in the season to win on the Illinois home floor for the first time in eight years. Now that the counts are evened, it remains to be seen what will be marked on the record books tomorrow night.
Holmes To Insfrad Sharpshooters In Riflery Technique Another new sport at Purdue, brought about by the commodious equipment of the new Fieldhouse, is riflery. This additional phase to the University sports roster was put under way Thursday afternoon when an inaugural meeting was held for all students and faculty who were interested in learning riflery
fundamentals.
Large Turnout Under the supervision of “Chief” Clevett, with Mr. Holmes of the Tippecanoe Rifle Clqb as instructor, 126 aspiring sharpshooters attended the meeting in Room 104. Meetings will be held every Tuesday and Friday at 4 p. m. until Mr. Holmes has dispensed enough knowledge about the sport that he feels that the students can carry on by themselves, then he will turn the group over to instructors selected from those taking the course and will put them on their own to build up the team and continue next year.
New Range
A,modern, up-to-date range is being built in the sub-basement of the Gymnasium and five targets will be put up for practice. Rifles will be furnished by the University, in fact, they are buying a number of new Winchesters for the team. Meetings will continue to be held in the gymnasium until the range is completed, when actual practice will begin. This year it is intended to merely build up a team and gain some experience while it is planned to have a varsity squad next year to enter intercollegiate competition.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
University Swordsmen Nose Out Fencers In Close Match
Downing the Illinois swordsmen by a score of 9-8 in the matches played yesterday afternoon in the Fieldhouse, Purdi^e's fencers proved their skill against their Big Ten rivals. Captain Stemfeld of the Illinois team won one of the four epee bouts while Weingartner, another Illinois “veteran” lost one sabre match and won one. Nine foil matches were fought of which Reynolds of Purdue won one and lost two, while McWilliams won four and lost one and Hoffman won one and lost two. Both Lenine and Meier won once and lost once in the epee bouts. In the four sabre matches Stepath won both his bouts while Seaborg won one and lost one. Sheets containing information concerning the general art of fencing and including rules used in the three types of the sport, foil, epee, and sabre were passed out to spectators, enabling them to have a much better understanding of the game. Purdue fencers first saw this idea of distributing fencing information to fans at the Cincinnati matches last year. Knapp To Speak At NEDI Conference Prof. W. A. Knapp,. Assistant Dean of Engineering, will leave Monday for Memphis, Tennessee, where he is to speak on Wednesday at the National Fire Department Iiir structors’ Conference on the State Fire Colleges.
fielder’s choice
By Kay Thrasher You may have seen any one or all of the nine co-eds on the campns who are wearing “P” letters cm black sweaters. These girls have earned at least one thousand points in WAA sports and, therefore, are usually juniors or seniors before they get their monogram. Pmnts are givep for participation in any activity, and extra points are earned when a girl makes a class team. These girls are: Emily Tubbs, Janette Morris, Mary Ellyn Delaplane, Helen Beko, Rath Wiley, Dora Mae Patterson, Mabel Campbell, Margaret Richey, and Marda McKinsey. —^fc— Next week will mark the end of games and class tournaments in volleyball, deck tennis, ping pong, and shuffleboard. Basketball, bowling, and badminton will begin the second semester. A game of badminton will probably be played for the benefit of those who have never witnessed or played a game of this sport. —fc— A new thing has been started this year with the formal initiation of girls into Triton. Last year there was no initiation but Triton hopes to make this a permanent function. —^fc— The mixed recreation program that is being tried is a good opportunity for Purdue students to get in some exercise and have a date, too. New and different games are being learned that have gained popularity at other colleges.
MR MERCHANT:
The codfish lays a million eggs, The barnyard hen but one. The codfish doesn't cackle To show what she has done. We scorn the modest codfish, The cackling hen we prize. Proving that, without a doubt, IT PAYS TO ADVERTISE.
^Le jf^urdue (ddxponent
Advertising Phone 5038
MlT-
[>
i ^
,iir
THE PURDTIE EXPONENT
Sunday, lonuaty 9. 1938
(Continued from page 1) stand Knudsen declined to approve President Roosevelt’s suggestion for planned industrial production as a way of keeping the level of employment reasonably steady.
Continuing its investigation of the estimated unemplosnment of seven to ten million Americans, the senate committee questioned William Green, president of the .^merican Federation of Labor.
Green offered a program for recovery which favored shorter work hours and the maintenance of present wages. During the recent special session of Congress he helped kill the New Deal’s wage-hour bill.
War
Spain fights its greatest battle this week. It was precipitated two weeks ago when Loyalists surprised Rebels and recaptured the small town of Teruel, 75 miles inland from the Mediterranean, between Valencia and Barcelona.
In near-zero weather the Rebels hurled a force of World-War proportions against their enemy in an attempt to break its strength. Americans, Italians, Moors, Germans, Czechs, Frenchmen, and Spaniards battle in this undeclared war of the nations. Snow and ice bury the dead and wounded who freeze. A small garrison of Loyalists in the town continue to hold out in siege against the swarms of Rebels. Benito Mussolini, taking no chances, bolstered Franco’s forces this week with 4,000 more Blackshirts landed from Morocco.
Boy Dons Apron^ May Push Needle
Turn to the back pages of the Collegiate Digest and see a picture of Pufdue’s only male student in home economics. Harold Hawes, a freshman, had plenty of “what it takes” this fall when he braved the throng of co-eds and entered the Home Ec Building in his freshman pot adorned with a powder puff.
Frosh Petitions (S' Due January 17
Hawes cheerfully dons his butchers apron and prepares everything from “soup to nuts.” The days of chivalry are still here because in foods and nutrition 1, Hawes rises up when the class of frail things called girls are suffering too intensely from the heat and opens the windows, which have been stuck for years. It is about time a man appeared on the scene. And as he entered the applied design lecture room, amidst the girls, he kept himself aloof and chose a seat three rows apart from the co-eds. Who knows, perhaps in a few years a girl will be hovering in a corner in a room full of boys.
Harold, a native of Indianapolis, has aspirations of some day being a great dietitian. Wonder what bit of masculine finery he will make in clothing next semester ?
was adjudged by Time magazine to have helped disunited China to a national consciousness.
Figures published this week showing over how much of China’s “Good Earth” the flag of the Rising Sun flies:
China contains 4,480,992 square miles. Japanese forces took: 9,216 in the last week, , 16,730 in the last month, 165.002 in the last year, 665.002 since 1931.
Japanese soldiers and Chinese citizens continued to loot and fire stores and property in Hangchow and Tcingtao this week. Chinese girls smeared their faces with mud to conceal their attractions. Soldiers slapped the face of a French Catholic bishop who would deny them women in a refugee camp. Special Japanese military police have been posted to prevent further incidents and quell disorder.
The mayor of Tcingtao ordered Chinese looters to be shot on sight. Maddened coolies continued to sack shops indescriminately. The mayor posted signs directing looters to Japanese shops, later fled from the city.
Foreign
Egypt’s Blue Shirt party of street fighters, students, and other cham pions of democracy prepared for possible action this week. Eighteenyear old King Farouk has dismissed parliament, turned out the powerful Wafdist majority party. Confronted by police aimed with metal shields and wooden clubs, advised by the wisdom of oldsters, the 10,000 blue shirted youngsteis encamped near Cairo broke camp for the time being, do not intend to enforce de mocracy by forceful methods.
For the first time in 20 years Egypt is having civil trouble without Great Britain being a factor. However English diplomats keep all eyes turned to the situation, since Abbysinia, the Suez Canal, and troublous Palestine are danger zones in which a fateful twist might precipitate violence.
Soong Mei-ling, Wellesley educated, daughter of merchant who made his fortune selling Bibles to Chinese as missionaries created demand, was wed to non-Christian Chiang by a YMCA secretary. He IS now Christian, Generalissimo of Chinese forces, organizer of huge war machine. With the campaign to nationalize, and defend China, the Generalissimo discovered he could trust only his wife to avoid graft. Madame Chiang Kai-Shek pored over air craft catalogues, studied prices, built the Chinese air forces, now directs it. New Life Movement of China, started by the couple, included instruction of Chinese public officers all over the country in “primary decencies”— measures for sanitation and honesty. In 1936, Chiang was suddenly kidnapped. Sensational, Madame Chiang’s efforts and effectiveness at getting him back alive, with evidence of people’s cooperation from all parts of the country, proved a new leaf in China’s history of treatment of! lords. Guerrilla warfare to undermine Japan’s progress in the war is now the order of the day. Madame Chiang Kai-Shek continues to encourage Chinese masses, aid husband and war machine. Valiant, she IS confident of China’s ultimate victory against Japan.
Freshman petitions for senate positions bearing the required 36 signatures, must be turned in by Monday, January 17. Any freshman ed or co-ed is eligible for a position in the Student Senate, and can obtain a petition upon application to the Senate office for one dollar tomorrow.
The elections will be held during registration. Announcements of the number of freshmen to be elected to the senate will be given later.
Local Ads
FOR RENT—One place in nice double room. Board for two extras. 317 Chauncey.
STUDENT LAUNDRY—Call for our special prices. Shirts 10 cents. Phone 75152. Free delivery.
LOST: Slide rule ai’ound Union Bldg. L eave at Check Room in Union or call 65091.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding, machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
For Rent — Large single loom near campus. Phone 71861.
For Rent—Room with single beds. 424 North Salisbury street. Phone 35764.
Notices
No Notices Accepted Alter it p.m.
Debris Cats Available To: All fraternities, sororities, orKani2sations, and publications who want cuts which were used in 1936 and 1937 Debris, call at Debris office in Union Building before January 10. —EHENGER.
University Orchestra: Rehearsal January 9 at 7 p. m. in Fowler Hall. —PHILLIPS.
Badminton Players: Those already signed up for the round-robin tournament must begin match play at once. Purdue meets Illinois January 15. A first team must be selected by then. —BILLINGS.
Junior Chemicals: Anyone interested in entering the Hanley Speech Contest see me or call 7026 before January 10. ® —JACOBI.
Activity Bureau: Will be closed until the beginning of the second semester. —JACOBSON.
AIChE: Open meeting January 10 at 7:30 p. m. in large EE lecture room. Chaplan Tyler of DuPont will lecture on the production of ammonia. —GRIFFENHAGEN.
Activity Charts: All students living in Lafayette, outside of the city limits or on the rural routes, who desire their activity charts,” please come to the Student Union office before January 10 and get copies. -JACOBSON.
Curious radio war continues in Palestine and Syiia, To counteract Italian broadcasts in Arabia, declaring the British empire is crumbling and II Duce is the protector of Islam, British agents delivered and installed radios free to Arabs. They are tuned and locked to one Britainowned station which sputters soothing Arabic to quiet Moslem distrust.
Women In The News
By Dorothea Justin Wife of the Year Madame Chiang Kai-Shek, whose reorganized air forces show the determination of China to fight Japan to the utmost.
Whether it’s sent collect or prepaid, your laundry always arrives quickly, safely, by Railway Express—the favorite laundry route of generations of college then and women. Low rates. No added charge for pick-up and delivery — just phone nearest Railway Express office. 9 S. Second St. Phone 2025 Lafayette, Ind.
RAILWA'
hation-wide rail-air service
Freshman Semite Petitions: Freshmen may obtain Senate petitions from Student Senate office from 4 to 6 p. m. January 10 to January 17. All petitions must be returned by January 17. —ELLIOTT*
Debris Photographic Htatf: Following is the schedule for photographic workers on January 10 to 16: Monday—Joe White, John Williams, Joe Staley; Tuesday—Bill Gephart, Harley Rhodehemel, Charles Gardner; Wednesday—Bob Dyer, Don Wray; Thursday—Don Martin, Dick Sogge; Friday—Charles Milner, Bill Heddon. All are expected to he in the darkroom by 4 p.m. —EMSLIE.
Co-ed Ping Peng; These games must be played by Monday noon, January 10: Boelke vs. Boyton, Shaffer vs. Muterspaugh, Ourand vs. Plank, Stephenson vs. Boyd, Raebig vs. Beadry, Sebest vs. Hendrickson, Spry vs. Horn, N. Campbell vs. Schilling, Guthrer vs Relmann, Randall vs. Delaplane. —BLANK.
WSGA Sophomores; There will be no training, school until after finals, February Ist. —STEWART.
Purdue Union of Jewish Youth: Final meeting of the semester, January 9, at 3 p. m. in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. Open discussion of the proposed partition of Palestine, led by Firestone and Heller. Entertainment and refreshments. Bring dues. —GEIST.
Zouaves: All those who wish excuses for the Corps Day drills comihg up, please get your name in to me so that they may be obtained. Previous list was lost. Call 7026. —FRANCOS.
Alpha Phi Omega: Those who owe dues pay up by January 10 so that they i^y be sent in to the National office. Those '^o have not asked for life membership and wish to, let me know so that application can be made. Call 7028. —FRANCOS.
WAA Riflery: Second round of tournament will be held January 10: freshmen vs. juniors, sophomores vs. seniors. Freshmen shoot at 7:30. Sophomores at 7:46, juniprs at 8, and seniors at 8:15. '' „ —CHRISTENSON.
Men’s Glee Club: Rehearsal January 10 at 4 p. m. —PHILLIPa
WAA RHlery: Second round of tournament will be held January 10. Freshmen vs. juniors, sophomores vs. seniors Freshmen shoot at 7:80 p. m, sophomores at 7:45 p. m., juniors at 8 p. m., and seniors at 8:15 p. m. —CHRISTENSON.
Senior Military Training Students: Receive pay in main office of the Armory between 4 and 6 p. m. January 10. —HAYFORD.
Varsity Badminton: No official practice January 9 Regular practice January 10 —BILLINGS
Scrivener: Important meeting January 9 at 326 Chauncey Street at 3 p. m Bring manusciipts. —FELDMAN
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held in Room C of the Union Building at 7 30 p. m. January 11. —WINTER
Exponent and Sigma Delta Chi: SDX members and pledges and any interested sophomore Exponent workers please report to Lafayette Exponent office at 2 p m. Januaiy 9 to work on Exposer. —STANBACK.
Women’s Varsity Debate: All those interested in women’s varsity debate second semester please meet in room 301, University Hall, January 11. —EHi INGER.
Men’s Varsity Debate: All men interested in varsity debate second semester please meet in room 101 University Hall, January
Women’s
Athletics
Riflery
Announcement of the co-ed varsity riflery team personnel will be made Wednesday night after the final elimination matches at 7 o’clock between the juniors and the sophomores, and the seniors and freshmen.
The riflery schedule for Monday night'will be the freshmen vs. the juniors, and the seniors vs. the sophomores. Last Thursday the senior team defeated the juniors, and the sophomores defeated the freshmen, <1
12, at 7 p. ^m, to plan second semester debates. —WINCH.
WAA Volleyvall: Games to be played thjs week, January 10, Alpha Chi vs. Ward 2, Chi Omega vs. Ward 3 and 4. January 12, Pi Phi vs Ward 2, Chi Omega vs Ward 1, 4 :30 WRH (north) vs. Pedalion, Kappa vs. Collegiana. V -RODERICK.
Low Today — Tomorrow
You can keep your Spirits up every day if you keep your Clothes Crown Cleaned and Pressed Regularly
r I H E
CLEANEHS OF FINE CLOTH WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
E S
Mr. Merchant:
AWAKEN the public (induding students of course) to the real values you have to offer In your Clearance Sale.
They will buy (are we telling you?) if you let them know when to come to your store.
You have the Merchandise . we have the traffic . . . An Ad in
.A
this space end traffic through your store.
PURDUE EXPONENT
ADVERTISING PHONE 5038