sports Eflitiofi
Established 1889
Volume 55/ No. 33
Pufdue Universit^y, West' Lafayet-f-e, Indbna
Sunday, October 25, 1942
Badgers Capture Homecoming Encounter, 13-0 Harder, Hirsch Trample Through Riveter Line
PURDLE
STARTING LINEUPS Pc'! LP LT IG
C
RG RT RE QB HB HB PB
Ofli^nK Rolcrct Dr D L Reese (Denison)
\VISCO\Sf\ Johnson Baumann \ ogds \ r gUS ( utner Hii ■^bran^er ( \C) Sch piuer >■' ink Hi seh F( kins
del
Lmpiri W D _,ht
(Dnitmo’ith). Pield Judge I>leClario (Bradle\), IPad Line nan Jej
Bciwangti (Chicago)
Bj Bob Hadley, rKponeiit Sports Pditoi
Bully Pat Haidei (34) hits the Boileimaker line in a vain attempt to scoi© in the second quaitei of yesterday’s Hometomiiig lilt. This plunge climaxed a Badger diive that was stop'pcd just inches short ot the goal line. Smock (82) and Andretich (60) aie backing up the line, as Fiench (80), Hajzyk (34), Smerke (46) and Matrewit/ (69) close in on the play.
In Ihcit fit t appeaiance in Ross-Ade Slaaaim sui'^e tic oponei against the Foidham Rams, the Boileimcko thcmsch cs unable to handle the poweiful rtcack (h c cousin Badge!s A Homecoming crowd of about twrm sand watched the Ciimson crash through the Ri\ etc ^ d. and bottle up Boilermaker ball-carriers to extend the nmg streak in the 27-game series betw^n the two ^
with a 18-0 victoi'y.
Fiom the very first of tfafe conth^t it ir&a Elroy Hu -,cn and Pat Harder, smashing their way down the^eld for the R t , rs behind stellar blocking O ily
11 c-
id
1 i-,-1 ou inliools
Cross Country Squad Wins Third Meet
ers Defeat
k ot J i\
j. the
ot
CJlfc
Squad
1917 Grid
Reunites At Game Between halves ot the Wisconsin tootball game the membeis ot the 1917 iootball team were mtioduced to the ciowd This team, now celebiating its sihei anniveibaiy, was, like this yeai’,s \aisity, a team which was toiced to play thiough the iiying ciicumstances that only wai can bring on an athletic squad It too had its lostci Middled by losses to the aimed forces It too had its transpoitation
and bcheduk ditticultic s
Those who wgio Iuk ye'-l'oiday to rcpiescnt the team ot 17 weic Enl II Alien D lyton Ohio Gat loll A Baitlctl Hi,^hland Pul 111 , John T Bnsonit?' South Bend ( ctil (j (ook^ ChillicotlK Mo P ml B Chuiih Clown Poiiil Kenneth W Tliifitnt Wiulicm 111 , Robcit C Tlunn Williun town Ky 1 i incis 0 »Joidin (iiosse PoniLe I iiiiii ftiuli Sidmy ( Me Intosh hnid, Okla , Bobat I Mtilky '-helDvvilk I''itd W MacDon lid Paxt in (leoij^i (nlbtil Mi/t Indian ipolls Ralph W Moiii h Km us ( ity iVlo Hupld T Iliel o\ Montginiiiy A11 Hub ill iliil Richmond Maiviti M smith Muniii, uid Willi im J flei n , Waahii j Ion I h lu ei ol ilu i Willi m J Bon V. IS c ipt un of this squ id (I dS \( u o i Betris stalled it thi^ tiekk ji ist loi tlu ti im ot Hi aikl ’17 md wi jiu (leiilaily speetuiilai in tlu Boil oimakei 28 to 7 eonqiu t ol W ibash in lOKi Enl Allen spi nl his seiviee on the i im i i II i 1 y halfbaek md ceni lal liand\man in elinct ol tlu punt irift depaiImoit In (hi Illinois tilt ol I'lKi Mb ii i ii iged bittoi thin 41 \ mis pei punl 1 iil il o w i exhiniily pioliiunl iii Ilu ^loiiiid mini disi on
ol the squ id
Piihips om ol the inosl out I uulii j, < ni < i li ( A ODontiills lootinll viliiel lioni Ilu olliii ivi st indpoinl \\ 1 Kill llullu < lli lu w is | ii lu i laily buphi in tlu l‘)U si i on In Ilu p mie ip un t DtPaiJW 111 it \eu h eoi d oi i toiuhiliwn md In ioiific Imi smishes pen i dlv I'omiuUiil pi iv in tlu Boilcimikoi 1 1 0 Mctoiy His uiniiiiii. w is oulsi uul ing 111 tin Illiiii li u IS ( I till! uiii \( II lluflnu scout! the O Donni llnii 11 oily louilidowii iii llnii 10 to 7 loss to the M noons ol ( liii ipo lit ilso I il lied all of his team s pon t viliiii tlie\ lost i iS lo (> iloeision to ‘Paddy” Di isenll uid Noi thwi sti in lit ganieied tlicsi points tliioupli Hu medium ol two field goals in the sieond (piaito Hiiffinc w is ilso lai Horn btiiip the woist playei on the fit Id when tin Boiltimakeis battkd to i stoiekss tie with Indi ana that ydai His balteiiiift lam like line ])]iinges wpte his main foite, but his iducatid toe eame in a
clPse second
f*airoll Baitlett won Ins leiteis fioin Uu ttnlei post while John Bosomtz opeiated fiom the taekk s|ol Bob Hume genetaled the squad horn the quaiteibatk position and (keil Cooley also eovtuil piound njlobud the centoi ol the lint Maiv Smith did stiv ice in the intelligcnet ikpaitment at a quaitoibick but Sid MeIntosh w is a pile diivinp fullbael Eiotb MacDonald opei vted tiom oin ot Hu fli nk posiluii tiinj Hell) Halt did hi thoies is i bnlflaek So wts till 1 un wbiili w i lioiiuitd at i luOiqui t in the Union 11 t iiiplit lliis b inquct v\ is out ot the otilslamling Ilomctomint events
Dyel; Gspliers Edge Mfcliigasi,
Minneapolis Minn Oct 24- Min nesota’s Golden Gophers i ctained possession of the Little Blown Ju,, loi the ninth eonseetuive ye u when they tiimincd Michip in 16 14 in one of the finest quaiteibiek duels the Western ( onJeiencc has seen in yeai s “ Bloekinp I e itiii eel Iiom stilt to fini h the hud bloekmp md emny sign il ealhnp ot Bill (i unaas uni ( iptam Geoige reithimel ^-tai hloel mg quutei lueks lo Mmncsoti ml Mielii., m le peetivch wi i c (he li ituies oJ the ittiiiion III uldition to his e 111 It diitie G 11 n i is il o eii oj) 1 lel i d 1 (u 1(1 po il m I! o si i i d h ill wlinli evenliull pio\ 1 lo be the in 11 n i 1 \ i( toi \ Ki I 11 p Oil Ik 11 le i ITonn i omiip i )\v I ( I ) 000 it IVlII 1 e quill 11 V\ il /111 e I Del o\ i 1 111 I In fii t (|ii u I u (I n 11 ehi 1 1)6 a 1 (Is lo e 1 1 ii/n i va lit (V 1 foi Ilu ] ml 11 el 1 1 noKn i d lu till w\ Inlliel Ol Ilu C eqil e 1 2'> a 'd bin ^ 11 il tip I) el II tin e e ml n u ti i Ihe |K) \e 11 111 Mil 1 i ( t i bin 1 1 I a 111 11 All Am 11 III ( ipl I Dill Wikliill! outeii leed lln W< 1 \l 1 II ( ( 11 w 1 1 B II H il\ e llll i\e I 111 (il ive w I 11 i 41 a 11 1 louelnlowii I uiil ( 11 1 1 ( 1 ve 11( (1 111 1 (hop I le I I 111 t 111 w 1)11111 bell i o 1 ( e ( 1 (1 111 11 0 ( I 1 ( I 11 l 11 I In I in s or d hill Ei i 1 i coi i I II mi I 1 11 t q lu 1 11 III \ III 1 d ill la ui lib loi t w i 1(7 l\u/ni 1 t)( 1 (VI ip im 1(1 11 VVolvis 11(1 (Kdllnii fiiiilloueh (1 w n ftlinii soli ti(/e the boll loi I Ik (lo iiq niinuU ni ikirqi the fill il se ( 11 11 11 Ruppert-, Kennedy To Give Recital Today lod ly at 1 p in , a idcital will be jntseiited by Maiy Louise Ruppeil Ilian ist, and William Ken indy, vo cahst, in the Music Room ol the Union A gioup ol classical mimheis will lie phiyed by Miss Huppeit, who is a student ol Miss Kiln Beaplc ol the Allen Sebool of Music Kennedy who is a membei oi the 1 mud Pill due (ilco Club will sing ( c 1 il iiniiihi IS Tie \ ill If eei in -) mil il I 11 111 hi mo 1 V Ai thill I i I lin w 111) 1 lee01 ] iiii I I( i tin ( hoii iinl ilso a meinbti ol the Glee Club
consul
/a >’'is
% ‘ il ^ de .^uiek 1 hi plow sluie I'll dill Hi Giikiinikci bin aest id a <ile noo i soavin" the eeds . molhe i B ui i r a leli i j
sfistics Wls
1 11 I Doaa n
Riishi i I* I m I’en illi
e ( ' I ' 1 u b II \ u s b t \ Ui} i e 1 jl P 1 11 N 1 ^ 11 (1 i I! a^ 1 I 1 )' 11' n pie 1 f o aa 11 I ( ( iq kie 1 InleieCiued b ti lull e< p II R( I 111 lied Pusils \ in h 1 Re till lie d ba Pit) I ui ! a Piiiil (a 11 igf Kukeills Van age Yaiils Kieks Relinnid
Piiiif i
Kitkods ] unibks Ball lost Penalliea Yaicls Lost PcrialliW!
i<)
4
1
0
1
in 0 n ao 111 111 J
i
s
10! 1 , S 0 0 7 0 0 18 UI 26 0 26
30 10
Canfield Writes Article For Duncan Magazine The Diiin; in Registci, a new mag i/ii i pul lishtd 1 \ tlie Demean 1 lee lin M mill util 111, (iinpuia of 1 ilniHi eont ins an aituk ( n Ibe Mile i in )l Alt loi 11, Iv Ibol D 1 I mliiUo (In Sebool ot 1 lee tiieal ijiijaiuceimp
Bloomin to liul Ocl 2'—V homecomii e n <1 ol 18 OHO saw Bo MfMiiIii El llll Hoos Cl p) down in deteat li it lay a score ot 14 J in the lio+t t baekfaeld duel ot the day Billy Ilillenbi ind, the Leans ilk E pics uidTomlaim Cl oi the H a\ Icyes weio the st.is I<)a a beoies I ii si Aitoi a s^oetlcss fust quavtei tho Haaaleycs got moaing climaxing the 1 ehive with Eaimei handing Ibe ! ill lo thuel UI ncs on a le V 1 c who hit pay diit Eumoi Hided the point md ihe halt ended a ith o lui thei coi in silently altei tne opening of the seeon 1 hill 1 ai inei led anothei Hi le/ di i\c flow 11 tin hell This tinu till points well scriid on i If il 111 1 s J1 111 1 11 nil i o bi 1 K( K 1 i 1 n 1 4 un i lile I Hie lonijll 1 trill blown uul tl ( oit sto )(i 111 0 T hen II 11 il 1 1 1 pot nn a in, eilliii) tie ' )( 11 ^1,11 ils nd liimllii tin 1 all on almost laiiy pi u 1 lie 11 I 1 L ei ( e i in a lie i Hlkiilii 11(1 llipiuel a pas-, to Pob ( ( a an (( linli ii i soplu oi e bul Hill nl 1 md s iltriipl loi tin ( 1 a el I n \ is od In the fin il (|u it 1 Ilu lio( I Inal h pi \ 1 I lit iw a 11 Oi 1 tl i H \ 1 Hilk 11 I 1 11 I hii llll se( I 111 till luimt ! Il I in 1 oa I \ 1 his (i a hi tlu pe I t ( uli I In il u 1 I u te 1 an 1 tl ( (li i\ i I th 11 miiiiiti ol He 10 iHsl lull Tlilknl a uul Him lak I 111 I tin II ua I m oa tied to llll tin iltiel until Ihe lin il pun linilsuoit 1 iinuL 11 Hill nhi uni 1 ! Physhop Will Hold Tryouts Tomorrow liyouts loi John Steinbeck’s new diama “The Moon Is Down”, will be laedd tomoiiow alteinoon lioin 4 to 6 JO and tomoiiow evening at 7, it was announced by Ross D Smith, associate diiectoi ot Playshop, “The Moon Is Down” will be Playshop's second regulai piodue lion ot the season and will lepl^ce ‘Waleh on the Rhino”, whieli was oiisinullj theduled The ehanpe has been efltcled because “Witch on the Rhine i still ])la\ in,, in Neaa A oik uni his not been leleased ten college theateis yet
Bv Russell I ipes The Boileimaker cro=is country team deleated ihe Wisconsin team by a scoie of 17 to 89 vesteiday moining on the local sy> mile couise, making the third conference victory foi the home team So far this season they have won over Illinois and Oh^o State while diopping one contest to Indiana C huck Duesler of the Riveter squad turned in the winning time of 17 59 5, this being the fastest time turned in by any membei of the Boileimakei squad this yeai Only m the Indiana meet was a bottei time lecoided, the time foi that meet being only a few seconds bcttei than the time l(5i yesteidaj s contest Mine Than 50 Yards Ahead Dueslei led the field from shoitly aftei the one mile m iik deal thiough to the finish line, nevel being p i set! dining that time, ahd When he crossed the fin1 h line Dueslei was moie than fifty yaids ahead ol his neaiist competitoi At the end of the one mile mu' thiee Boileimakeis, Fied Kindei, Dueslei and L 1 Sew i (I 1 espectivoly, weie in the fiist three places Nl u till two mile maik Dueslei was well in the lead, I llawcd by Eail Webstei ol Wisconsin with Kindei II thud )j1 lee Ne ii the end of the laee the fast tiling Wib tei w IS pissed by two membeis of the Boilei iniiei le un who developed i sudden singe of speeel II 1 ueeiedcd in o\ei taking him jint befoie the htiish t ipe loin Hi 1 nst Inc Vie Boilermakers llll 111 t live men to imish weie Dueifiei Diiiell leouli nid Jim Ashwetl ill ol the local seuiad Web III 1 I Wls onsni uni Kenny lynch also ol the loc il quid HI Hu til t ten men to finish the eoinse only I an \ (u lioin the Bulge i school uni out ot tho In I fi\e pliees only one w is held by i Badgei man Wink Due ski tinneel in the best Lime second thud II ui th mil tilth places weie only sopaiated lay i total (1 lain sKoiids Tin tinns toi those positions weie 18 ,.5 18 26 18 28 and 18 29 Homecoming Program Moining—Religious Seivices, West Lafayette and Lafayette (^hurches. Noon—Fraternity, Sorority, Union and Hall Dinners. 8:00 P. M.—Student Musicals, Music Room, Purdue Memorial Union.
t e
! at
ll-
1 le
ne
Conference ^Itenilingt
Ohio State Illinois Wisconsin Michigan low i Maine sold Pill due liuif ina Noithwestern
W.
3 2
1 1 1 1 1
0 0
t.
0 e 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Pet.
1.O0O idOo 1000
500 500 500 3» 000 .000
the vicious defensne the Boilermakei seco’ dnd the titnely ba acing 11 line, coupled with a pa Badger fumbles key the
to 7-0 at halftime
In the second halt the Pi - eter offensive tvvice rtiovcd down inside the AViscoisin 20 iicl mnikel as they iesoi*'ed to ‘■’^e leiial loute but on both ol'' ins Wisconsin held uid +umb'-^ ii i" Rivetei backfiekl =:iui,.n(’ci<-
ball to the Badgeis
Kicking off lOi the B c s the opening of the game \ i ba^ Pat Haide 2)0 11 smashei staitmg h s h st ^
this yeai entnely enhimp i c lay mjuiies His low looping k e' \a& deflected by Bachman picked i p by Johnny Andietieh behind the cal and advanced to the 7 When two diives by“Hiiiiying Hcniy ’ St am failed to net the lequned yaidage. Bob Hajzyk diopped back ind kicked to Hirsch The Badgers got undei way immediately Hirscli and Haidei making a fiist down on the Rivetei 43 and again on the 23 on a long lun by Haidei Yt tins point the Boileimalefei line held and on the fourth down Wink +umb d in attempting a field goal fion the
33, Barwegan Vecoveimg
The Boileimakeis agam t le 1 to gam and Bob Hajzyk 1 id ed to Hiisch who dodged and ivisted fiom the Wiesconsin 15 to toL. Boileimakei 4) on the lunbaek Hoskins then diove thiough in open I'ooi in the Rivetei toiw i d v lU M sk sued his w ly to thp 2ij v I u c he was hit hud by Aiuiuti,. and Bichinan and !u tosstil the oiU to Hazjyk who i ui it b lek la the
Rivetei 11
Couldn’t (ut (u)ing Once mine the B iki i ke’s coul In t f,et lai i„ ml in P luger lini muttled Yinlididi ai lie 14 when he diopped b ek ta pass Hajzvk ki ked i Ion., In 1 siauil punt lo Hiibch who ..i il beel it on the Badgei 4o eintiged Jium a swaini ot Rivtcei tickle is i id eontiiuied on to the Boueu la! e 31 Again the luit held li n and Hiiseh kicked out t b uuds Hijzyk kicked out ta Hu i svho lan back to the Rivetei 1 Huseh and Haidei mae'e i lust iiltea on the 32, but the passes uki to cliok and the Boileiiuil eis teaok over on downs Btdlfeirs Open A Drive On Slajiyk'a touith down kick, the Badgers opened i duve that nUtreh^ right down the held culmipatlrtg in Eiioy Hnsehstl sh into the open only to be pul',. 1 ilovvn tiom behind by Anehetieh md Pak Haieiei’s touehdown oa the i allows mg play Haidei kieked i peitect cxtia point with Jack \\ nk hoLdi. ing, and the scoie w is ” 0 in the middle ot the second nttiod Haidei kicked oft to Hajzyk who (See Gx\ME STORY, page t)* -I
i ‘i
Page 2
Purdue Exponent
Sunday, October 25, 1942 'i«
Purdue Exponent Offices Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports Ficldhouse, Phone 2792 editorial Phone After 10 p m , 5377
( 1 f
t 1 I 1 ! to
John r Amos Don T Brophy John H Armstrong Robert L Hadley Ken K Gpemre Alice Chatfleld
Publication Staff
Assoc ate hd tors I lafT I \\ O 1 10 A 1 H nler W T Rsfert I W II I I 1 W Bo wii Itlc K Roqicttjre rn III V I I S Dawsoi D Shryer C a/ H 1 C) rl Ite Has lean I a le Ela nc
Business Staff n s s stager T I a Mart n (,e I M \\i ghl D I Johnson J Petty f n ti I ager C H K! n i er r a T r I ga ( t I ^ ger Mi Clu k lane Keim The Furdue independent-
( \ f h t r ia tarer
Dave Barta Ld Humphrey Elwin Welbaum Roberta Kessler Scott Brown George Fame Harold Hendricks
Staff For This Issue
Sports Editor Shrjer Issue Editor Ackerman
Ponl m W Ibui Watson L i ( Kr r llariy Cayloi
Hop
s m tier at the post ofTicc in Lafay act 1 Congrcb of Maich 3 18 9 { I tate jrovdfd lor in sect on IH a\ tl oriz^ 1 January 20 1)22 1 ay Ti lay and Sun lay morn ngb r 1 1 all> ly carr tr for $1 5 for i me tci 1 y mail for $2 00 for a r m t r d b r I I on $1 0 I alveit inj. l> Nat onal Alveitn f I ibl ieis Kepre ntat ves 420 N ^
The Ratio
to 1
I 1 nr BFAUTY QUErNS-^’-'
\
.11 f-
] I
L tlial stole the Sig Fp heait fiom then li 111 1 oisted it to the top ol the Univei \ei John Puidue s grave''
( I who drink and swear and smoke t tel! a slightly risque joke \ o handle beer and scotch and gin \i d vear (heir dresses short and thin. S ill nt\cr see the pearly gates, 1 th“y re the ones who get the dates*)
If J
()
1 11 w( (c (know** All we know is what h it we 1 eai—but Betty Ann McCreery t ( 1 OLol ite Shop with one of the judges 1 \ t er nes to judges you will know who
(Llui than the head men and woman 1 et see whose pm girls get to be I p> t D ccmbei (I'd note As snoop
0] pi Line I ptomise to have those names
) c I 1 1 adus =ome time next week) ! th (olumn for l..fest details ( N 1 I Y 1 ASi WFl K FND
0 o I vv Dtustei gets going when he s Y i mill Joi happiness One beer plus one ] s all the 111 gills who want Union jobs
1 1 1) |)\ 1 I 1 Deustei
r ^o^ FRS toss Sl‘ARKr ERS
J r( ! iNGI R GAMES
\ 1 \ busines-, is picking up this week with II ng h s cai to invest (“') the dough gcnci t ling foi Maigie Bowman—cute 1 A.1 111 Gam Ken Gossett after much 1 i to toss a linger around Pi Phi Katie ih d hngci left hand Ilairiet Simons arul n i 11 n the An Corps have cut out all Kin the outside by the “ring business
/ O s ANOTHIR (c when^ri^vly initiated Vera Mae Phil 1 1 1 T1 eta pm and gave back Phi Sigma 1 f \\ Howard Wilhoytes pur Then there I Pill S inp on who wants his pm back from L little \ Oman in Owensboro Ky Seems m in Connie MeCoy is the apple of his (. et 1 te t details from Kappa Ellen Claik 0 0\ eii boio
\r igo ng if all tlie soiorities will plan an t 1 ni ei leception lor the Sigma Nus like ] itc 1 tly demonstrated Oi did the Snake tn dtnur (rating' Looks like the Betas I 1 M 1 *
OWING BI ING MADE BY GIMI ET SO 1 \R (Ihis IS a warning)
I \e ( ui d the old campus (lune Empty I Old ( oiial) is the theme song ol the 1 a tl y don t show up foi song piac
1 II g It Hcavijon Hall (Something i 1 about this—and we have an idea
1 I ) Stems tliat Dale Kiestei (Phi Sig)
fl taj llillei (Beta) Huntei (Delt) (bg hp) aic the only good hoys m )v I tau ( they eaiiy the candy
i 11 P 1 ran is t n tin loose again—and in 1 f ga i) as he has staited steady I J u h\ lliy teitaiiily jiut on a good r ill 1 I lati (VI ly night ’ (lie Ji(k IHriur a) in a torner 1 i ( led in his jiggei til gin I lutk 1 1 1 le digit and pulled out a midgef N 1 uigkd J h Shwell tom on in ’
Sshvkii. SiMpniu H. Malloy I 1 ( 1 (1 J Jeetiieian s Matt in chatge of 'i I 1 I ttii 1)1 omoted to the lank ol Wairant < I u) )) )i ltd I dueational Oflicei at the Urii \ 1 1 i\ il 11 lining School Ll. L. C. Reynolds 1 i ii])oited foi duty at the Army An Forte s ill >iN( Guiimiy School at Tlyndall 1 itld Fla A giadu tie of the Univeisity in ’41 Reynolds is a mem Jtji-g oi>\lpha lau Omega social liateipitj
qtie VttSHIHGTOK Merry-go-ROiiMD By DREW PEARSON German iron Expert Breaks WPB Resistance With New, Cheaper Steel Process WASHINGTON—In the summei of 1939 an Amer ican engineei named H A Biasseit fled fiom Gei many just beloie Hitler invaded Poland He had been constructing the Hermann Goeiing Woiks a bij steel mill using a new pioctss quicker and cheaper th rn the big blast fuinaces and he left the lob unfinished I ater he heard that the six iron furnaces he had put in the new Goering plant had burned out in the first SIX weeks Reason Brassert had left the job without giMUg the Nazis the secret of his nev/ process Moie lecently Biassert has been trying to give those secrets to the Ameiican st el indnstiy ind to the War Pioudction Board But all he got until this week was a generous and consistent run around hirst run around came from the U S Treasury which put him on the blaekhst and froze his funds Brassert has been many years an American citizen but was born in England and is distantly related to the second wife of Goenng’s father (Goering s moth er wa, his father’s first wife) Howevei the U S Tieasuiy later removed him from the blacklist apologucd unfroze his funds Meanwhile Brassert liad been warning the steel in dustry as early as two yeais ago that theio would be a scrap non shortage that it would be absolutely necessaiy to find a quick Louice oi non independent of sciap ^ Also he has uiged that th( piescnt steel shoitagc cor Id be remedied by working sni ill n rn th posits all over the Unite 1 States Foi in tinee flu Dov( i N T lion Works which pioduced cannon loi the Revol i tionary War and the War Between thi States e uld be ie opened under the new sponge ne a piocess A1 ) old non deposits in New Yoik and Pennsylvania which thi iveei in the 1 ightie eoul 1 1 e opened to say nothing of impoi^fant deposits in Missouri lexis and Oklahoma which ue ne ai n itui il gas Iron cue IS also found in South Caioliii Neith ( uohiia Virginia Kentuel y and Washington while the sjronpe non pioces would peimit V/isconsm ind Minnesoti to pioduce then own non on the spot and s ive delay due to tyinf up oie bo its dining heavy freeze on the Great Lakes e Congressional Probe This process known as the Brassert Cape pioces is a refinemenf of the sponge iron system ind pro duces iron at low temperatures inste lel of smelting by the blast furnace me (hod Brassert had dcMgne 1 (he Corby plant in 1 ngland also has signed a tonfiaef (o elect a steel null for the ttoveinmenf of Peni But the War Pioduction Board opposed similar epcrafion in the U S ihe WPB was will i « to eiect hi ist fuiinccs co f ng $13 000 000 meluehng coke plant nl Bes emei convertei It v as not willing hoveevci to se i new p/ocess wmeh would eest only $4 000 000 1 ic mi rl the steel indust yen the W1 B weit 1 i int \ e aj) tl change didn t w rut to up et long i n j latL e i the It dustiy WPB s obj cl ion wis i ot h i e d on tl e fit Ih it Biasseit on Ind been lilaeklisted h e i siieh iin u peel „e tlemer as Secictaiy lele Sen it i 0 Mahoney oi Wyomin„ and Congiessman Boyl in ol Alabama had 1 ecu hamiicring t tie \\ I rl ie months Oppcsitie n wa-, b istei on tl 1 et tl it B advi eis just don t like change • 'Hell of A Mess' Regardless of this Congiessman Boykin lias been stirring up the WPB steel experts with a ( ongression al investigation tiying to show that (he to inti y could get enough steel if the WPB wanted to go alter it One witness summoned was S O Hohai t oi WPB s Blast I uinate Unif who before the htaiin.,s opened telephoned to Brassert in New "iork You ve stilled up a hell cl r mess lie 1 a t ai 1 Ive '^tilled up nothing tcplieeJ Bia e t i ve imply been asl ed to te tily Ate ye i 5.C11 L tify ^ I guess 111 have to said Ilibait B la mes'' I tell you—all hell s biol tn Iro c Hobart is president ol (he Trov (N '^ ) I urnaee Ce^rporation makers ol blast furnace and tokt ovens which Brassert s piocess would curtail Testifying btlore a Congressional hearing Ilobait said of Brassert s method ‘Of all (he processes I have ever seen this is the best ’ Inside the WPB howevei he has ojipo el I pli n of the same piocess by the industiv is h i/e sevei il other WPBoys • Donald Nelson Yields But the consistent plodding ot tne Boykir ccmmi tee plus the ban age oi lette s “ ett 1 11 y lel e h s hied at Donald Nelson plus iiewsp ipe 1 r i hi ly finally pioduced tesulLs While Bras erf was (esfifying hefoie (he Boykin Committee this week a leffer fiom Don ild Nelson ariived stating that (he WPB had leccrsed itsell would now OK tonsfrutfion of i new Kepuhlie Steel plant 111 Ohio using the Biasseil ptoeess lie 01 e is to come from Port Heniy N Y Aftei the Nelsen le ttei wi lerl ( tee ( mgiessmin ( ulkin of New YjiI WPB doll il i ye 11 men leinule i I think the tenumittee hil I ell fuithei in the wry the glimoi I \ afi UI s • Argentine Axis How tough it is 1(1 in Anuiitan te lo lu mess n the Aigc nt t e th flays 1 1 id e U I by i j e pe it which Bl a ei L 1 as g ve 1 the SI etc He p a tin 1 t 11 gaiding a ee 1 vei iticn lie h id w iLl I) 1 il luLihiit 01 tl/ oi Al f e nt na l!i i e 11 1 I iiii t a sLu ty the Aigen 11 ( ('mveiiimei I \ hii I veal d to < st iblish a steel mill but ])to Anioi i( 111 Oi t / I ] i h 11 ilwiill be veiy diliieult to hive the null oistiu t 1 ly n Amei leai Lnlortunately said Or 1/ (lie Getmin and Italian elements in my country art very sfion^ and more rtetnfly (hey liavt been stiengfluneel by the arrival of thousands ot (ouiisls who are lelually aginls and spits for then countiy lluse igenfs go about among (he Germ ins and Kaliuis in Aigentini btdiing two lists a white list and i black list they ask tor inlormation about the location ot public ulili tics—railioads powci plants oil liclils, and tor in lormation ibuut public oth lal Ihus you see how dilficult it is tor us to dc il with Americans Until lecently Biasseit concluded that the WPB was even moie difiitult than pio Axis Aigentma
Personnel Notes Companies to visit campus I I dll Pont dc Ne mours & Co , Wilmington Delawai c—October 2() Intelestcel 111 MI women chemists Bendix Avi ition ( orp Mu mo Division Bl roklyi N Y —Oe 1 ei 2(5 ind 27 Geneial Chemieal fo, New Yeil •—^Octolei 27 Speriy Gyioscopc Company Tne Brooklyn New York—October 27 McDonnell Aircraft Coip Si I ouis Missoui 1 —Interc ted in MC cr an 1 Aei ol U S (ivil ®eiviec Commissioi Washington D C—Oclol ei 29 In te est d in cnginecis ph\ ic sts ind ehcmisls Bel! Aireiaft Buff ilo New "^oil —Novemt 01 2 an 1 Tnteies e I in MC Aoiol Devoe & Ravnolds Co Ine Tins ville Ky—-Novcml 1 f Ittciest''I in women chemists Fetnlehem feteel C ) Bethlehem
irS MICKEY’S I ALL-TIME topper:
Pa—November 4 and 5 Bell Telephone Co —November 5 rnd 0 Ihe Western Union Telegraph Co—Intelested uj EE 1 he Glenn I Martin Co , Balti moi e Mar yland — Inter ested ip AoJOP ME GE rr andPSE Sign in Peisonnol Office by Wednesday, Oc tober 28 j Dunbai I urniture Manufactiiiing Co Berne Ind—Interested in Sci cnee men familiai with cost ac counting and time studies Sign il Corps Washington D C — Intel ested in students with col lego degree aid tr uned in eitl er I nglish Mithematics 01 foreign 111 guages Placement Notes For Women Girls interested in selling Christ m IS eaids should call the Placement ServiLe lor Women (2955) immedi ately
‘ ihey always kiss before they sit down to a game ot budge its usually then last kiss toi a wc k Problems For Fun
To iiciiilrt" then eonsidei i ion sep u ite S4 ned sheets v Ih n e n i lem It elude wilh e ich s hit on i w IS ol t line i un i si t 1 S )li I e 1 maties Ortie I’ROKI I M 7 In the lollowing pi lilem e ich (rl sideied 111 iiiivin., it i collect ins\ A bl il email i fitetn 11 uid in tngnmei <-ie emploved on i ti un 3 he 11 n nus ire Robinson Smilb ind fones not resreetively On (hi same ti«in arc three passtngtrs with the s ime nanus—Robinson Smith and tones here al lei it teired to is Mi to eii tin), uish them from the three ti im men 1 M' Robinson lives in Detioit 2 Ihe Ival em in lives h vh way bteweeii Detroit ind ( nie^go I Mi tones tai ns exactly $2 000 a year 4 Smitli I) at (lu (11 eman it in! Il lid 5 I he hral t man s ne arest iitigh bo V ho 1 one ol the above th'^et pass 111 (rs e irns exutly (hiei ni( nil h t‘ t hi i! i\ i ( II |) i eI r I ilV Mi HI ( 1 et»„o I i (h n tnu i (h hi ul enmn Qt 1 SI ION Whit 1 the n ime ol the en„i neei ' SI w the 1 e i r 1 n 1 lel 1 It \ou! nswe Remarl s On Prob*em h Ihi pioblem in\ Ive oily r f 11 tr 1 ee I ide 1 li ol the 1 lie involved ihe nsv ci 1 the i iti r (1 tl e t w 1 t es I \ r 1 c 1 1 t irg 1 \ 2
soluli ns [null le sul unite 1 ei c e fte the p) L r (111 pi ol I n 1 st if meat (hit Hu soluLi n I I I 1 t I 1 I It 11 M H
P \3HOM/L T \POM N 1 41)\ 1 Rl ISf P-s
(In tin(l It S*o Iraitiiit )
2(11 I I l t< I 1 o I( SI >
X- * * XX-
it-k-kirlcl *
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY NEW BEGINNERS CL/5SS O-'ENS WeJ , Nov 11, 7 30 P 10 LC3SO S—SC CO tHO-IE 2mo
M
ALLEN’S
bill einel I < riy
RKO Rad o P cture w Ih BARTON MacUNE EUGENE PALLETTE I AGNES MOOREIIEAO ^ SAM lEVENE RAY COLLINS MARION MAHTIH WILLIAM ORR f and I OZZIE NELSON and ORCHESTRA PLUS
AT 1 P. M. TOMORROW Our Doors Open On THE SCREAMING, CHEERING, ONCE-IN-A-LIFETIME JOURNEY THRU GERMANY OF THE FIVE WHO KNEW BUT ONE COMMAND
MMllE ^EWTO^
TARZAN FORSAKES THE JUNGLE FOR THE LIGHTS OF BROADWAY! Tarzan goes to town! The Kmg of the Ju igie invades the man made canyons of the b g c ty n the b ggest adventure s nee Columbus d scovored An er ca!
imm'i NEW YORK
ADVENTURE
JOHNNY WEISSMULLER MAUREEN O’SULLIVAN JOHN SHEFFIELD VIRGINIA GREV ^ yF CHARLES BICKFORD PAUL KELLY CHILL WILLS
SECOND HIT — Ihtei lone Wolt s on the Piowl "COUNTER ESPIONAGE" WIIH WARREN WILLIAM
TODAY , and TOMORRdVV'
mmmi
WllRNER BROS.'
Stirring New Success Nancy Coleman • Raymond Massey AUNHALE fl'’"""'"’',,, RAOUL WALSH Arthur Kennedy HAL B WAILIS 0 8 na ,;>c con P ay by A u T Hq an Mus c by Max Sta n»f
'< Il
U')?'»
) ^
■* I 7 t<-
f,‘ 'f ' I
^ •
Sunday^ October 25, 1942
Boilermaker Sports
Page S
Riveters Travel To Hawkeye Capital For Iowa Tilt
Boilermaker All-Time Greats Featured In Big Ten History
By Dave Shryer
In nearly a half century of grid non histoiy the Boileimaker insti tution has produced some of the nation’s foiemost football stais In
did all the pbnting foi the varsity
during his sonioi yeai
In Moss’ senioi yeai many of his touchdowns were set up by the run ning and passing of Duane Puivis,
the early part of the centuiy, when halfback, who waS then a soph
the Riveters were not a national ^933
Unit Two Of Cary Hall Takes Touchball Title
Yesterday marked the passing of the halfway point in the Boilermaker’s football season It wasn’t a very pleasant afternoon from a Purdue standpoint It hasn’t been a very pleasant season The Gold and Black played a pretty good brand of football in the stadium yesterday—if they had played it against Fordham, they would have won? if they had played it against Vanderbilt, they might have won, against Pat Harder, Elroy Hirsch, and Co, it wasn’t good enough by two touchdowns Just as was the case last week in Columbus, they were up against one of the country’s toughest outfits You have to get used to losing that kind once in
a while
What bothers Boilermaker fans is the 1 out of 5 lecoid for the season
» . , „ „ , t uiiiuie ±11 i-7:)o x uivi-j came lu cue With One of the best touchball J! Hn +ii i J, .1 1 i 1 1 11 1 ^rid powerhouse, few of then stars f, na+mr, = fioaci- c 4. i, u “ ® I*-’®* seasons where the team has been called , . , « iiont as one oi tne nations lisest teams that has been seen in the ^ n i ^ ^ ^ gamed national recognition Since cnr? nficnari 411 Ainmi^iovi tin * iTvitt upon to meet some of the top-flight teams when they weren't hitting on r, 1 .. oacKs and attained All Ameiican Halls in lecent veais. Unit two from ,, , , at 1 1.1 n ^ 1 c , n i, ^ the latter part'of the 20 s many u n it u 1 t tt. at ,, tt „ all cylinders Never yet have the Riveters exhibited all the power that c .« tci iiaxt ui uie & many honois Purvis later coached at the Northwest Hall won the Cary Hall t, li v ti, n tu 1 11 t ti. t 17.1 « i. ?tars have leaped to the horizon Ti,„^fai „ici-.t,iimn nrtav Vi,= nma t i, tu t r> ^ should be there, or all the speed and deception that Elmer Burnham from the banks of the Wabash institution after his grad trophy m this^ has been trying to mold intp the eleven It s there-just what it takes
Remember “Ollie”
1 During the leapei years of foot
from Unit SIX in the playoff for first make a good team out of one that’s almost good enough Whether
Houston, Texas sent the addition place last Monday, Uriit two was remaining remains to be seen
to the long line ot Boilei maker able to keep in the lead in partici stars, when Cecil Isbell set the mid patron points in the Cary Hall tion, howevei, one star did stand ^le west on it^ ear duiing the sea standings sons oi S5 30 and 37 After his Unit two had to beat Unit six, two giaduation Cec was elected to out oi three times to win the chain
^lall at the West Lafayette institu
out among the nation’s gridiion greats This was Elmei Oliphant,
the Air star team and led Them to ^rnrhirwtorrindud’rd toe Ts‘to
J912 13 “Ollie ’ later went to West
Roint where he duplicated his
a 28 10 victoiy ocei toe Washing 6 victory ot Monday Through the ton Redskins in 1938 Probably his regular season Unit six won nine
Those four games are looming as tough ones, too, according to yesterday’s results Iowa got out of hand and nipped the Hoosiers, which would indicate that it had better be a snappy, spirited team that leaves for Iowa City next week end to prevent the Hawkeyes from cutting short the Boilermaker s two game winning streak The lowans have a hard-running, tricky aggregation and a good
season well underwaj
Michigan State downed toe much downed Great Lakes team, 14 0,
Aerials Will Dominate Anderson Offensive
By Jim Ackerman
“Stop Tommy Farmer and his team mates”, will be the battle call in the Riveter camp this week as the Boilermakers prepare for their fourth conference game, which is to be against the Hawkeyes from Iowa and will be played on the opponents'
field at Iowa City next Saturday
Again the Riveter team will have to prepare a pass defense that can cope with the aerials of fleet Tommy Farmer. This
triple-threat back has in five '
games previous to the Indiana ^ f ^he , , 1 . 1 n/i JT 4_ Iowa points and has been classed tussle completed 26 of 66 at- ^3 ^^3^ improved playtempts, for a total gain of 569 ers of the year over the 1941 seayards, which is almost half of son, when he won his letter, as he the total yards made by the was a regular on the team then Gold and Black team from At the other wmg is another regT n 4. Ti 11 4? XI ulai from last season, Bill Parker, Iowa City For all of these passes, , . 1 1. n x x- 1 ,1 who can haul a ball out of nowhere
the average gam per pass was 21
yards
Sophomores Lead Attack The total yardage for the Hawk
as he has done m many a game this season to put Iowa back in the ball game Jim Keene and Hill Barbour have proven suitable replace-
prowess that had already been so - ~ - , ..... axu.i. o.xv wuii muc iviicnigan state aownea tire mucn ciownea ijreat ixaites team, n u, well demonstrated in toe Middle R^est fame has been gained how games while losing one to Unit two all of which probably means that the Sailors have been experiencing
West In 1910 Oliphan received lecogni
tlon
evei, as a member oi the Green which was an overtime score of 7 about the same difficulties as the Boileimakeis,Wd have been running Bay Packers piotessional outfit To to 6 Unit two also lost only one afoul of the country s toughest while trying to get up steam It also day the combination of Isbell pass game and that was to Unit six suggests that the Spartans from East Lansing are just as tough as
o U o -T ^ f 4 Vi t i-> W...A/ .4* Lilclt LIIV 0|JclX tctllb i-lUlll llictot die JUot do uUU I TI vif u ^ ‘'Giviee ,nj_, Hutson snaring” is feaied by which was another overtime, toe the ciew that last year held the Riveters to a 0 0 tie, if not toughei
school, when Walter Camp named him for a halfback position on his All Ameiican team Elniei was the fust Boilei maker to be honoitd in
this fashion
( onference Champs
No moie stais gamed national
leco^nition foi several years until Centers And Captains
1929, when the Riveters won their first and only undisputed W6stein Cpnference championship Main 'itjays of this outfit weio Elmei “■Red” Sleight, great tackle and Ralph ‘Pest” Welch, fullback Both of these men weie named a^' unan imoiis All Ameiican selections Many fans considei Welch to be toe greatest liaek in Rivetei histoiy Not only was he a hatd diivin,, fiaj) cai 1 lei, opei ating 11 om the full hack post, but he was also the finest blocker and defensive back in the cOniOieijce Many limes his smash ing tackles averted what loolcd to
be certain scoies Purvis To Moss
Next among the Boilei makei grid
every team in the league
The last of the Boilei makei stais
to fain nation rl recognition was jjj playoffs, though. Two Dave R mkin who captained the soundly drubbed Six as they conteam of 1940 Rankin was named to tioiled the an the majority of the
score being 13 to 12 Two Intercepts Five
In the playoffs, though.
time Although Unit two only com ple’^ed lour for twelve, they inter
A lot of things can happen between now and Nov 21 when Indiana brings the Old Oaken Bucket to Lafayette to close the season but we would like to see the trophy back in Lafayette permanently by , fair means 01 foul before we graduate We’re willing to try fair to^
start with
The Boilei maker line looked like the defenses that have been almost tiaditional hereabouts in othei years in their second quarter goal line
cepted five of Six’s passes, while stand Forced back after a fumble to their 1 yaid line and ti ailing on the other team could only intercept the scoreboard by seven points they nipped Pat Haider’s cross buck and one, while completing four of deposited him on the 1 The goal line stand, followed by Bob Hajzyk’s eleven kick which was the best one we’ve seen this year, were the high points
The attack of Unit four was led '^he first half for the Boilermakers I rom the looks of the second half of the ball game, the biggest, practically the only opportunities for piling up figures in the yards gained from scrimmage column he along aerial lines In the first hall the Boilermakers gained exactlj 15 yards from scrimmage, and made no first downs In the second half, they made five first downs, one bv virtue ol Bachman’s running and four by passing
gieats to attain national fame was Jticnee
an end position on the All American
squad ot 1940 inters And C
Other stai s who wei e outstanding in the lineup in yeais past include OokiG ’ Miller and lohn Dehlei captains and centers on the teams
of 1931 and 1912 respectively Jim by Frye Rasmussen, and Samulo Caitei played in the backficld with witz, with the first two handling Duane Pin vis logethei they were most of the backfielel honois and known as the Touchdown Twins Sammy doing toe snagging oi a Roy Hoistna ’'^.tailed it the lull gie at many aei lals The line of Foiii back positiux. nom 19 30 52 while was not too strong as Unit two scniois and recent grids will un consistently went thiough it irid
eloubtedly icmenibei the thiee aiounel it B I oil Bi Old Jick Blown and Kashiier Stars
Mike Bytlenc Blocking and lunning the intei
A note of s ulness covers the men feience for his teammates made Iron man of Ohio State s cuiient ^ ______________ tion of the last man on the list He Big Bill Kashnei the standout on giieliion varsity is Gene 1 ckeic, tkana inel Chicago meets will piob was iorniny McGannon who as i both defense and offense The line I indlay sophomoic fullb ick In the “^kli h ive to be cancelled
sophomoie 111 1935 was one oi the oi Foui was like a seive as Kashnei Bucks’fiist foui games I eketo cai leadmi gioiind giineis in the con eontinually broke thiough Eoiir iicd the ball 85 times foi i total
Sports Ramblings
Indiana University s basketball
J. players have gone back to bainyaid
Paul Moss stellnv nf 1 h 1011 r lu , ‘ ''’‘J® handicapped from going net gam oi 429 yards and an aver ^^^^k^tball Coach Branch McCrack
ind 1932 sauadr r me/ the stait o h.s jun.o, jeri when i.ound then ends as Courtney ifie gam oi 5 04 yaids He also has j^^3 < net 1^)6/. squads lamed for his lu was killed in the tiatsic loci ei Cum and Ackejman Twos most playing time—18G minutes out capinf^ catches of passes fiom the room fire that also tool the hie of men bottled them up thioufthout ot a possible 240 ininutcs in ioui
hands of Riveiei backs Moss also Eiel Dah bed toe game
games
Gymnastics is being hard hit this yeai by loss of coaches to the umed services A loundup of games sehed uled a year ago b's Minnesota showed Rrlph Pipei Minnesota CO ich that Iowa is the only oji ponent sure oi having a team lor the scheduled contest Illinois In
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
netmen out on the dirt floor of the lU fieldhouse Indiana university “tudents participating in the com pulsoiy physical fitness program occupy the men’s gymnasium floor from morning until toe last class is
dismissed at 0 p m daily
Michigan State College cross countiy team won’t defend its na tional jiinioi AAU championship this fall Coach Lauien P Biown has learned that junioi champion ships can t be defended tor toe reason that once a championship has been won, the individual oi membeis oi a team automatically become senioi athletes The meet was to have been held at Miami University, Oxtoid, 0 , on Oct 31
eyes in then fiist five contests was ments for these men in past per1,283 yards, which was made on the foimances giound mainly by three sopho c^^ter Of Line Heavy mores, Ted Cuiran, Dick Hoernei ^t tackles aie Sophomore Bruno and Chuck Uknes Cun an was little bfiedziela who stand 6 ft, 4 in and heard of previous to the piesent a mere 225, and Johnny season, but he now outshines the a player who saw much aclest of the backs as he leads his tion m last year’s games The guard team mates with a total yaidage of positions are well filled with two 193 yards for an average of 4 4 jgg pound men, both of whom have every time he has earned the ball been captains foi different conAnothei sophomore who has tests this season, namely Del Dickcome to the top is Hoeiner, who erhoof and Gene Curran Forrest besides having plunged foi 179 Masterson has provided the needed yaids does the majority of the thiust in the center position m his kicking and once in a while hulls fiist yeai of Big Ten competition a pass The thud sophomoie in the The Hawkeye coaches will conbackiield then is Unkes, who tips tinue trying to strengthen their line the scales at 200 pounds and can for the game with the Riveters, as handle any assignment in the back it has sagged several times in diffield as he has shown by hulling ferent places because the reserves himself thiough the line for 145 did not live up to expectations
Against Illinois, the Hawkeyes
Wealth Of Backfield Material missed scoring from the four-yard The signal calling for the Iowa line m the lemaining minutes of team is done by Bill Stiauss, who the game because the line could also handles a gieat deal of the not withhold the onslaught of the blocking duties Still other capable Illini forward wall men in the Hawkeye backfield are In their first five games thus seaBen Tiickey, Russ Benda, Ed son the Iowa squad has won three Schweizei, Sam Vacanti and) Ted while meeting up with two defeats, Lewis who show the wealth of the Jme by Great Lakes and the other Iowa backs by Illinois Aftei beating North It IS at the line wheie the Hawk Dakota State by an immense score eyes lack replacements, as they the Hawkeyes went on to defeat have in previous years At the ends, the Nebraska team by the largest howeiei, three men have outshown score that the Coinhuskeis have the pass defense of other teams as suffered in eleven years, the scoie they have pulled down the majoiity being 27 to 0 Then came Great of Parmei s completions foi a yaid Lakes where the Iowa team suf-
age gain of 324 yaids in five games Bill Burkett, who is then out
standing end and who saw little 33 to 16 The last game that Iowa action against Indiana yesterday, played preceding the Indiana tjlt, because of a knee injury, should be was the Illinois contest, which the leady to go ag unst the Riveteis Iowa team dropped 12 to 7
Sports Highlights
teied a 25 to 0 set back, followed by Camp Grant, who was defeated
This is a picture of a fellow kissing his girl in J the dark! . ' He may know what he’s doing but nobody else does. MORAL? ADVERTISE in the PURDUE EXPONENT
Hear Charles A. Halleck 2nd District Congressman REPUBLICAN RALLY Lafayette Armory October 29 at 8*00 P M.
By Bill Hopkins Bill Menke, foimei All Ameiican basketballei fiom Indiana and later from Great Lakes Naval Training Station will be giadiiated tiom the Iowa Pie Flight School this week Menke, who won countiy wide ac claim while playing center tor the Ciimbon under Coach Branch Me Ciacken is the biothei ot Allen Menke Rivetei basketball stai Menke is being graduated with the highest honois which could be awarded him Dining his 12 week training peiiod Menke advanced to legimental coinmandei of the entire cadet personnel, the highest lank mg which can be obtained by a pie flight cadet To leaeh this lank Menke advanced thiough the lanks of battalion commandei legimental adjutant and legimental siibcom mandei
Bill not only faced Boilermaker basketball teams during his college career, but he faced Coach Lambeit’s netmen last yeai as a member of the Great Lake Naval Training Station basketball team The othei vertex of the Menke tiiangle. Bob Menke, is now undergoing a training couise at Chanute Field in Illinois Bob was also a meinbei of the Indiana basketball squad, but he is more lenowned foi his exploits as a high school playei from Himtingburg, Indiana While at Huntmgburg, Bob led his team to a lunneiup position behind Anderson tor toe Indiana State championship Duiing this same tourna ment Bob was awarded the! highest honoi which can be given a basketball player m Indiana when he won the Gimbel Awato
LIKE TO BOWL? SURE, YOU DO! Everybody likes to bowl and you’ll meet all your friends at THE UNION BOWLING ALLEYS. Come with date or come with the crowd but come because IT’S EUN TO BOWL. It’s the sport of the moment. JhsL pwvdwL TRsmiruaL limmL Just take a walk through the building! w
I iQchbee$S^
MlM^nniiitoilfa
ivergjUy Gajendai*
Week of October 25-31
Sunday, October 25 3:0b P.M. Musicale ;.... Music Room, Union 6:00 P.M. Evangelical Students Dinnoi’ Old Cestnut Rm., Union Monday, Ocfober 26 9:00 A. M. Girl Scouls^War Sei'vicclnst5tute..West Faculty Lge, Union • 9:00 A.M. Civilian Protection Tr. School Room 304, Union 12:00 noon Agricultural Staff Luncheon ..E. Faculty Lge, Union 4:00 P. M. Cbmmittce on State of University..Room 263, Union 7:00P.M. Arherican Chemical Society Rm. 211, St. Coulter Hall 7:00 P. M. Reafhel' Meeting Room 304, Union 7:30 P. M. PIA Dance Class........ N. Ballroom, Union Tuesday, Ocfober 27 8:00 A. M. Civilian Protection Tr: School........Room 304, Union 10:00 A. M. Spanish Group-Purdue Women’s Club ....Room 212, Union 4:30 P.M. Scabbard & Blade Retreat Armory 6:30 P. M. Navy Day Banquet.. S. Ballroom, Union 6:00 P. M. Vocational Guidance Dinner...... E. Faculty Lge, Union 7:30 P. M. Military Ball Committee..... E. Reception Rm., Union 7:00 P.M. ASME Meeting Room 108, ME Bldg. 7:30 P.M. Silver Mask Meeting Rooni 302, Union 7:30 p.M. Christian-Science Meeting.. .Room 305, Union 7:30 P.M. AW’S Vocational Conference Hall of Music 7:46 P.M. Scabbard & Blade Smoker. ...N. Ballroom, Union Wednesday, October 28 8:00 A: M. Civilian Protection Tr. School Room 304, Union 8:00 A.M. Vocational Guidance Meeting., Rms. .363-230, Union 7:30 P. M. First Aid Class Rooin 305, Union 7:00 P.M. Varsity Christian Fellowship Room 307, Union 7:00 P.M. Marriage Course Rms. 302-304, Union Thursday, October 29 8:00 A. M. Civilian Protection Tr. School Room 304, Union . i0:00 A. M. H.E. Chib’s Achievement Day '.S. Ballroom, Union 3:00 P.M. Screen .Review Hall of Music 6:00 P.M. PIA Board Dinner ...Old Chestnut Rm., Union 7:00 P. M. Society of Am. Forester’s Dinner..W. Faculty Lge, Union Friday, October 30 8:00 A.M. Society of American Foresters :Rm. 117, Hort Building 8:00 A. M. Civdian Protection Tr. School ...Room 304, Union 2:00 P.M. Newcomer’s Meeting floom 263, Union 3:00 P. M. , Girl Scouts .....Eliza Fowler Hall 4:00 P. M. Cosmopolitan Club Room 304, Union 6:30 P. M. Society of Am. Forester’s Dinner..E. Faculty Lge, Union 7:00 P.M. Playshop—For New Sailors ..Eliza Fowler»Hall 8:00 P.M. Agr. Economics Club Party Room‘i63. Union 8:30 P. M. Barnyard Frolic S. Ballroom, Union Saturday, October 31 8:00 A. M. Civilian Protection Tr. School Room 304, Union 1:00 P. M. Girl Scouts ....: .....Eliza Fowler Hall 4:00 P. M. Victory Bell Party...;.........:...-. W. Faculty Lgo, Union 8:00 P.M. Graduate Dairies Dance....... Room 263, Union 8:30 P. M. Interfraternity Ball S. Ballroom, Union ■ 8:30 P.M. Mijter .,..N. Ballroom, Union 8:30 P.M. Westminster Coop Dance House 8:30 P. M. Kappa Sigma Dance .......Chapter House
Plenty To Yell About. .. lell teaders New Boilermaker Cheers
Malaria On The Run .
Importance Of Quinine
v l V ; By Marion Donham ,Opi exhibit in the main hall of the Uftiyersity Library is a history of the'i3S6 pf:quinine, one of the world’s most: valuable drugs. This exhibit shovys', by picture and literature, how the Spaniards discovered the natives in South America curing malaria with the cinchona bark, from which quinine is taken. Malaria had heretofore been considered an incurable disease by the people of Europe, but the Spaniards took the cure back with them. Qiiinine Used For Malaria Quinine since then has been used to make malaria merely another disease, ■which if caught can be cured. The supply of the cinchona bark was exhausted in South America two centuries ago, and the United Strites along with South American countries has been getting its quinine from the islands of Java. The Japanese now have Java! According to Prof. Zufall of the Pharmacy Department, there is no shortage as yet, but it is inevitable that there Will be one. The two .synthetic products called atabrine and plasmochin, which were discovered in Germany apd only recently acquired by the United States, do not entirely take the place of the drug itself. The United .State.s has attempted to grow the.se cinchona' trees in Puerto Rico, but it is impossible to accomplish this on a large enough scale. The fact that, it takes twelve yeans before the bark of the tree can he used for quinine also greatly hinders this new undertaking. The Java supply was started by the Dutch many years ago. Amei’icans, especially those in the northern sections, have never suffered much from malaria; but those in the southern states and the people of South America have depended upon quinine for their lives many times. The pi'obability of a shortage of it is a source of leal concern to men who realize its im^ porlance. Here is another place where the war ha.s begun its strangle hold. Lack of quinine could easily cau.se much suffering that is not conceivable by the genei'al public. Thfs exhibit is of interest to ev-eryone—-not just the pharmacy student.;. li, rontaiii:-’ inforrnation that nouid b - \:i!bable to ail. Thuiigh not n<:':u-ly -o pultlicizeil, (]uini)ie. i.s v«ry Hkely to become ii: the class •tfWrw. -
Lieutenant Stratton Takes Command Of WAVES School ' .Lieut. Dorothy C. Stratton, on leave of absence as Dean of Women of the University, is the senior women’s officer at the newly established naval training school for enlisted women at the University of Wisconsin. With the opening of the WAVES school, October 9, the Navy has three distince units in training on the Wisconsin campus. The first unit provides 16 weeks of practical training for Bluejackets who will become radio operators with the fieet. The second unit is for the training of naval officers in the operation and maintenance of diesel motors. The WAVES school is the thii'd unit. Enlisted women will be sent to the naval training school immediately. after enlisting for indoctrination and training. Trainin.g consists of a 16 Week period which will qualify the women to become radio operators. Mudball hey clarehce i went to the game yesterday harder won 13 to 0 watched too alumni choke their baby till it gurgled an died it had rickets cause it broak when they thru it away i helped run the scoreboard clock in the last haf an had a lot uf fun waving at the referee —MUDBALL Lost And Found All lost articles may be claimed or turned in at the Student Senate Office, between 4 and 5 any afternoon. There are many lost articles to be claimed. —MOYNAHAN Faculty .Notice The regular' monthly meeling of the Faculty will he held on Monday, October 26, at 4 p. m., in Eliza Fowler Hall. Edward C. Elliott, President.
Qame Story (Continued from page 1) ]'an the ball to the Boilermaker 25. On the next play ^mock fumbled a bad pass and red jerseys swarmed over the ball. The powerful Badger offense opened fire and Harder and Seelingcr drove the ball down to the 1-yard line where Barwegan unceremoniously dumped Harder on a fourth down drive. The Boilermakers took over the ball and Bobby Hajzyk backed up deep in his own end zone and lofted, a long, high .spiral that travelled nearly 70 yards in the aii’j being picked up by Hirsch on the Badger 39. Shortly afterward the half ended with the score standing at 7-0. Badgers March Again “Pinky” Warren kicked to Schreiner and again the Badgers were on the march. Harder and Hoskins carried the hall to. the Boilermaker 14, where Frank Ruggieri grabbed a fumble, and the Riveters took over. Chester punted to Harder and the Badgers moved down to the 26, where the Boilermakers ag'ain took; the ball on downs. Bob Bachman broke through center for the Riveter’s first first-down on their 38. On the next play Johnny Andretich dropped back and flipped a long pass to Gene Matrewitz, who managed just to get his fingers on the ball. Forrest McCaffry took over at left end and snagged the same pass on the Wisconsin 19. Chester travelled to the 14 but Bachman’s fumble was recovered by the Badgers on the 16 and Bob Ray, taking over for Harder, led a drive which found Ray driving over from the 3 for the secopd Wisconsin score. Ray’s kick was wide and the score stood at 13-0. Hajzyk Took Kick Following the kickoff, the Boilermakers finally started to move forward. Hajzyk took the kick to the 22 and Chester hit center for three. Tony Berto entered the game, and his pass to Chester fell incomplete. On the next play southpaw Bei'to connected with. McCaffry on the Boilermaker 36. On the next play it was Berto to Smerke on a, nice catch by the receiver on the Boilermaker 43. Faking, a pa.ss, Tony was caught behind the lines, but the next play found him tossing one in the fiat to Hajzyk who slashed his w;iy to. the Badger 38.. On the next three plays it was Berto to Smerke, with the first two placing the ball on the Wisconsin 19 and the last one being broken up on the goal by Badger quarterback Jack Wink. However, Chester , lost a bad irass from center and Wisconsin recovered on their own 32. Touchdown Nullified ’fwo plays later Scelingev, in for Hirsch at left half, smashed through into the open and dashed across the goal only to find that the Badger backfield had been in motion and the play nullified. ' Anderson kicked out of bounds and the Riveters were on their own 40. Berto completed his sixth pass, this one ,to Rocky Snyder, but on the next play Bei’tols pass was alnio.st caught as Forrest McCaffry made a twisting diving catch with one hand but the ball eluded him . and guard Bob Roberts snagged it a.nd the final gun sounded ending the fray a few plays later. Foresters To Hold Annual Meeting Here Next Week Forestry and Conservation department of the University, headed by Dr. E. R. Martell, will be the host for the twenty-first annual meeting of the central states section of the Society of American Foresters next Wednesday and Thursday. At the meeting, fii'st of its kind to be held on the University campusi war-time use of hardwood timber, timber sales froin state forests, the use of air planes in locatin.g and j-eporting forest fli'es, and sti'ip mine land problems ajnd their solution will be among the topics discussed. . Tour Lafayette Factory The business’meeting will he in charge of Professor Daniel Den Uyl, chairman of the section which includes Indiana, Ohio, Michigan and Illinois. On Friday, the entire day will be occupied by technical papers on the use’of wood in the war. emergency. A tour of the National Homes factory in Lafayette is planned foi' the delegate,s. Dr. Henry Schmitz, president of the Society of American Foresters will be the principal .speaker at ■ the annual dinner October 30, PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
By Sheldoii Watsoll A group of students who receive very little praise for their splendid work oh this campus is the Boilermaker cheer-leaders. This group of fifteen devote.s about seven hours a ■week to the’practice and polishing of the yell ftnnatirins that are used ..at all Riveter athletic con-
tests.
Most ■ of these yiell-leaders are following the activity because they have had experience along this line in high school. The main idea of leading cheers is to get mass action from the lungs of the fans so that the team on the field can get added cncofiragcraerit. Our Black and Gold clad chcer-leaders participate at the games because they wish to do more for the-sehool than the aver-, age peanut munching fan in the stand does. These yell-leaders do not receive any kind of an award for their untiring efforts. No keys, numerals, or letters are given to these lads that sacrifice their time for the good of the school. An award is given to the senior leadei' after he lias served four year.s. It consists of a major “P.” ' •, '' . Adams Heads Group The senior yell-leader this year is small bat noisy Bruce Adams, pride of the Alpha Chi Rho fraternity. Bruce is officially called the manager of the yell team. He is responsible for the planning of all of our pep sessions, takes care of uniforms for his crew, presides at freshman orientation to teach the rhinics some of the Boilermaker yells, and in addition, he appears at various school functions -when yells . are needed to keep the party going. The yell squad this year consists of -15 m’embers. Ten of these arc usually used at football games. Four members of the team are of the ■fairer sex, being Sylvia Polites. Billie Nicholson, arid Gloria Spccht, all sophomores. The fourth is Jean Barrett, a junior. On the nnyle side of the rostei’ are sophomores Dave Morrison,- Jim Metzger, Cal Coates, Bob Crank.sliaw, Milton McRobci'ts, and Ed Grui.s. The only junior i.s Pete Schwab, and the remaining three are fi'c.-^iunen P.ob Foicklcr, Don Cooley, ainl Den Rohortson. The cheer leaders are never talcen 0)1 out-of-town ti’iiis unle.s.s .they ‘.‘foot, the thoni.selves. They do not have a “P.A.” system to shout thi'oiigh at the .game::, although most of the major iiniver;iitics are ('quipped with a system; of some kind. In .spite of the hard knocks that the cheer leaders got, they arc ■U'illing to stand up in fi’ont of the stand.s in an effort to help our Boilermakers win tf victory.
Classified Ads
Etkfif FUtE'ts
tly Eddie hornaday
■ Boilerhiakei Bahdstand, the students program, iri .swiftly becoming a, big business concern. They are receiving 300 letters and cards a week. In fact the sorting and filing of the,se cards keeps a very efficient secretary busy ^rriOSt .of the morn-
ing; :■ .'
Incidently Ted Fairburn, the tall, dark and handsornri Of the WASK mike, is a grand old grad Of the Uni- , versity. T-hi-S student, program is aired evety evening, Monday to Sat-
urday, at 10:06 p. m.
WASK also has a new program for the younget teen age. TEENTopics by Marilyn may bo, heard every Saturday afternoon at 1:05.
... » ;|:
The U. S. Naval Air Station at Terminal'Island, San Pedro, Calif., will be the setting for Bob Hope’s broadcast, next Tuesday, at 9:00 p. m. CWT over NBC. The Hope crew — Frances Langford, Vera Vague, Jerry Colonna, Skinnay Ennis, and Wen Niles—again will have as their guest stars one of the lads in uniform from the air station. The Ennis orchestra ■will supply the - musical touch to the half hour and Langford’s number will be “He’s
My Guy.” .
Dianna Barrymore, daughter of the late John and youngest of the Royal Family furthering the fainous name in Hollywood celluloid, will guest-star on the Abbot and Costello laffcast, Thursday on NBC at 6:30 and 9:00 p. m. CWT. There’s an educational purpose back of the Barrymore visit—Lou Costello, the short and squat of the famous fun team, wants a few Icst:ons in Shake.speare. He’ll get them. Xavier Cugat and his orchestra will be featured on the Spotlight Bauds prpgram on Navy Day, next Tuesday, over the Blue Network. Cugat was born in Barcelona, Spain, raised in an artistic household. Hi.s family had a musical tradition and as soon as he was old enough he began to study the violin. While still a youngster he was heard by the great Caruso, who immediately hiiT'd him as hi.s assistant. Curuso' brought him to this country and for several years Cugat played with the great singer, leaving him to form his own orchestra. He played for several years on the coast before he was “discovered.”
■VAcational Confercii*® CKairmcri: 'Very important meetini? Monday at A :30 p. m. in Room, 807 o£ the Union. Instructions , and . Hssiknments will , be (tiven Xor the conferehee—Pcl’vine, Schicklor, Weber. Pitt, man, Haynbs, Chatlleld, Patrick, Henni.s, Btiispn, Van Goi'kiim, Walker, Rctherford, Thompson, Buechele. Studuimker, Kessler, Heatli and llollmun. Call me if you ean’t bo there. -r-CREEL Euthcran Sliidcnt.s: Hallowe’en pprly at the ehui'ch, 010 Nortli Ninth street at 7 :80 p. m. oil Sumlny, Oetober 85.
; . --WAbEACE
SCA Biinfil: Ndminalion of SCA officers Tuesday, October 27, at 7 :l!0 p. m. Other erltiedi matters Will be diseusilod; Pleh.^io
be prompt.
- . --MOGAVERO
■ Triton: There will be no meeting^.uesday because of the bexinning of JHe‘Ypentional Gohfcrenee for Womfcfl. .ThetiK.WiU be iin impiirtant ™eeting Tiiesilk^^^#e 8. Aeromodclers: There will be an ihripp^iaut tlrieetinK at 7 :80 P- Thursday, OctoJjei 2^. Plans for the indoor contest will be Completed. it is important that everyone come. —SMI'TH SCA Board: ‘Nomination of SCA Plficers will he held at 7:30 p. m. Tuesday, Got. 27. Other ortiical matters will be difldtlased. Please be prompt. MOGAYERO Silver Mask: 'fhere will bfe atl ihtppftant meetiun at 7:30 p. m. Tuesdiiy, Oet. 27, in room 302 of the Union. Be there.^ , —KAUFJfcAN
snr V
Mickey Rooney’s latest sweetheart of the screen is red-haired 'i4na Thayer, .seen here with Mickey in M-G-M’s latest hit, “A YRnk at Eton,” now playing at the Mars 'rheatre. Mickey i.s starred in the fllm. as a typical American boy who suddenly finds himself a student irt England’s most exclusive school. Tina Thayer becomes the cause of most of his troubles with his screen stephrollier, Freddie Bartholomew.
Motices
Pistol Team Tryouts: The Coliowinp: students are requested-to report to the Armory at A p. m. Monday, October 2fi, to try out fer the pistol team : A. E. Butkovich, i). C. Carter. G. I. Danly, A. D. Fellenzer, W. G. Fiseher, F. R. Henke, L. V. McCabe. R..R. Iloore, S. F. Cullen, E. Seml-k. R. P. V.aylor, C. E. Weir and E. W. William. —BROWN Enlisted Re.serve .‘.ppiicanis: AlFsiudents who iia.s.sed the Enlisted Reserve Corps Unas, pliy.sical examination prior to October vO are reiiue.sted to report to R,i„m B-ll of the Armory for completion of their enli-.tment —graAam YWCA; Cheek changes in conslilutiofi in copy at YW office ua soon us possiblej ■ ---PETERSON
Ronald Reagan and Enol Flynn fake on f he Nazi.s in this scene from the new piefure, “Desperafe .rouriu'v,” a Warner Bros.’ adventure film about hoiv an R. .A. F. bomhof ci eiv, forced down in the heart of Hun-land, fight, dyivaniite and shoot their ivay hack to England. Starts Sunday at the Lafayette Theatre. Patronize Exponent Advertisers
SCOBEE’S .
— .-M.LKlh
I.DS OF PIIOTOGR.MMIIC SUi’PLIS
Frc.v.l’. Film and k’'
ilm Pks — Try Ou!’ Quality Kodak Fini.shing
— PROMPT SERVICE —
PHONE 2313
105 NORTHWESTERN AVU.
Money to loan on diamonds, watches, guns,' luggage, typewriters. Albert’s Loan Office, 407 Columbia; Typewriters—Adding xviachiTics, ail makea sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, G05 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779.
For »Salc—Tuxedo. Phone 35,003.
37. Reasonable.
—A goM Elgin wri.st .watch. See or 1. A. Robinson, IIG N. Chauncey. 6028.
/n ShealTer lircLime pen. Kunt/.. Reward. G700.
Lost—O nr October IG.
Plione •iGaU’t. Rt
ck't Friday, ward.
t DOES YOUR PEN LEAK? Expert Repair Service SOUTHWORTH'S
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
' If You Want Good Work On Your; Garments . ' ’ • SEE' ‘ . JOE'S TAILOR SHOP sYate & QhauHicey
imyiCTORY
M BUY mm UNITED 'states
WAR BONDS AND STAMPS
Southworth’s
for PIGSKIN for PURDUE
iS-
BE GOLORFULLI
Get your pennants and felts from SOUTHWORTH’S Cute little felt animals that any girl will like -—stickers and seals in our own Gold and Black colors. While you’re here — drop down to see our completely restocked and redecorated downstairs GIFT STORE.. Open till 9:30 Saturday evening and on Sunday.
TODttBOCK&SlIfm STORE
308-10 STATE StPEET WEiT LAFAYETTE. IND
Southworth’s
;C-
i 5
ft
i