iittiiiiai
4 j-ift ■(
*■ ' '■ r * ■< t « •^'' 'v
■4i ■
i-AfiW •’>^*r» V'^if' st^j^fc4^T^N
A‘
y*:
#*>
Gala Week ... Open House
xM}*te*ti
Gala Week ... Xollege Wi<fow"
z-m
Foimdad In 1889
9 Daffy Since 1906
Volume 52, No. 167
West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, April 27, 1941
^Blackout^ Dancers Pick Ann Ostrander Queen
Against a thre& dimensioned black-out backdrop, brunette Ann Ostrander was crowned “Blackout Queen” last night at the Green Potter sponsored dance given in the Union ballroom. Miss Ostrander’s vicjtory in the
voting, which has been under way in the Union for the past week, was announced during one of the numerous blackouts which occurred at intervals during the dance. Coming onto the stage while the ballroom was in total darkness, the queen received an ovation and when the lights were turned on she was introduced by Bob Clifford, president of Green Potters. This is the third consecutive title that the n^w “freshman queen” has won this year having previously be*en named one of the four Debris beauties by judge Earl Carroll and having reigned as queen of the Big Ten Indoor Track Meet. Ann is a member of Kappa Alpha Theta sorority and a freshman in the Experimental Science school. After a late start, due to the unexpected lengthihess of a speech by Governor Schricker which was given in the ballroom earlier in the evening, the freshman “Blackout” dance proved to be quite a successful affair. Bob McKittrick and his orchestra furnished sweet and slow music for dancing, behind airplane decorated bandstands in the dimly lighted ballroom. Although no queen was named for last year’s dance, Jane Ostrander, sister of the present winner was named queen in 1939.
Defense Panel Features Final SPEE Session
Neutrality Patrol Will Extend To Seven Seas
By William H. Stoneman
SPECIAL CABLE To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service Copyright, 1941 Chicago Daily News, Inc.
London—There is the keenest speculation in London today regarding the implications of President Roosevelt’s announcement that the American neutrality patrol is being extended “to the Seven Seas” and that the United States will henceforth make itself fully responsible for Greenland. While the British feel that it is the President’s business to clarify his statements, it is obvious that Great Britain’s hard-pressed convoy system will be relieved by the presence of neutrality patrols in the neighborhood of Canada and Newfoundland and in the waters between Newfoundland and Greenland. The distance between New York and the British Isles by way of Halifax, Greenland and Iceland is 4,200 miles and presumably 2,350 miles of this stretch—^the distance between New York and Sydproven, Greenland — will be patrolled by American ships.
due University. j.f.a.
Comes the first week-end in May, then by an unwritten law, also comes Gala Week and its many and Varied activities, including “Open House.” Open House is the one time during the year that everyone, parents, alumni, friends and relatives, is welcome to inspect the various class rooms and laboratories. Most of the labs are in actual operation on regular class projects as well as special projects to entertain the visitors, (i. e. “Doc” Martin’s perpetual motion machines.) Arrange Honrs A program has been laid out to permit the visitors to see everything by staggering the hours the buildings are to be open. Prom 1:30 to 4 o’clock, the Schools of Agriculture, Home Economics and Science as well as the residence, the military department, the Men’s Gymnasium and Pieldhouse and the Memorial Gymnasium will receive guests.
Paced By Blanken's Four-Hit
British Press Fears Nazis May Invade
A Crumbling Spain Hurling, Riveters Triumph 4-1
By Helen Kirkpatrick
SPECIAL CABLE To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc
“Whether we like it or not, we are going to be concerned with national defense problems and needs for a long time ahead,” declared Dean A. A. Potter, head of the engineering schools in a panel discussion here before the Illinois- Indiana section of thfe Society for the Promotion of Engineering Education yesterday in the Union. Emphasizes Demand Dean Potter opened the discussion by presenting a background and review of current developments of engineering education with reference to national defense. He told the SPEE that 134 engineering institutions are now teaching over 76,009 part-time students who are training specifically for the defense program. Potter emphasized that this was in no way a short cut to becoming a qualified engineer but rather to supplement the supply of trained persons now demanded by industry. Other speakers on the panel were Dr. H. T. Heald, president of the Illinois Institute of Technology, and
London, April 26. — The imminence of a German invasion of Spain is discussed fully and frankly this morning in the British press for almost the first time and coincides with the announcement of the appointment of Gen. Viscount Gort as governor and commander in chief of Gibraltar. The London Daily Telegraph this morning prints a long and circumstantial article from “somewhere in the western Mediterranean” in which it is stated that the situation in Spain is deteriorating so rapidly that anything may happen. The Germans are said to be in control in many key positions in Madrid and “the ministry of the interior is practically a branch of the Gestapo.” Spanish Neutrality Threatened Furthermore, the article stresses appointment of a German minister to rule Tangier, which is now being established as the German center of operations in North Africa, presumably as the base of the projected operation against Gibraltar. The Telegraph’s diplomatic correspondent supplements this dis(Continued on page 4)
Dr. D. B, Prentice, president of
Rose Polytechnic Institute and national president of the SPEE. They discussed how defense training is being carried out in Illinois and Indiana.
Elect New Oliicers This was the concluding session of the annual spring meeting of the Society. During part of the program the 200 members attending were divided into groups to discuss chemical, electrical, mechanical, and civil engineering, drawing and descriptive geometry, management, and student counseling and placement. The convention voted to hold next spring’s meeting at Northwestern University and elected the following officers: George A. Maney, Northwestern University, chairmariT P. E. Mohn, University of Illinois, vice-chairman; Edward F. Obert, Northwestern University, secre-tary-treasurer; and an executive committee that includes all the officers and in addition M. B. Reed, Illinois Institute of Technology; Ronald Rich, Notre Dame University; 0. L. Stock, Rose Polytechnic Institute; and C. S. Cutshall, Pur-
Gala Week Features Annual Open House; Visitors Will See University 'In Action'
Visitors are especially invited to attend the annual State Egg and Baby Chick show in the Poultry building. The show will be op6n from 9 in the morning until 9 at night. The Locomotive museum, the University pow$r plant and the airpqyt will also be open all day. Baseball Game At four o’clock the ROTC will pass in review on the Intramural Field. At the same time, the opening ball game of a two game series with Indiana university will begin on Ross-Ade field. From 7 to 10 o’clock, the engineering, Pharmacy, Physics and Chemistry buildings will be open. IBJntertaining and instructive displays, alon& with novel demonstrations of various scientific principles will be found in every building. At 10 o’clock, the Zouaves will stage a special drill demonstration to bring the day to a conclusion.
Theta Tau
, . . social fraternity, announces the installationrof the following officers: Russell F. Schmidt, regent; Warren G. Miller, vice-regent; Charles L. Good, scribe;.Kenneth L. Stafne, treasurer; Roy J. Goers, house master; Russel I.. Robinson, social chairman; Don Chrisman, rush chairman; and the initiation of Douglas Baker, Eugene Christen, Roger Hannankratt, James Logan, and James Ostlund.
Average Vocabulary Of Freshmen Equals Nat'l Frosh Standard
PI A Hdds Banquet Tonight At 6:15 PM; Dr. Elliott To Speak
Purdue Independent Association will hold their annual banquet this evening at 6:15 o’clock in rooms 355-63 of the Union, according to officials of the organization. Wayne Musser, retiring president, is to be toastmaster and the major address of the evening will be delivered by President E. C. Elliott. At the banquet the new PIA officers, Damon Elder, president; Chuck Hansen, vice-president; Ellen Suttner, co-ed executive; Gloria Fox, secretary, and Bill Southard, treasurer, will be introduced and keys will be awarded to outstanding members. Details of the evening’s entertainment are not fully known, but the committee promises a “pleasing evening.” They did say that the PIA chorus will sing, e.g.k.
By Paul Ghali
SPECIAL RADIO To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service Copyright, 1941 Chicago Daily News, Inc
Men's Co-operatives Hold Open House
Climaxing a year’s activities, the student co-operative houses on campus will open their doors for public inspection this afternoon for the annual open house. All men’s co-op houses will be open from 2 p. m. till 6:30 p. m, today. These open house affairs in the SCA are held in an effort to better acquaint the faculty, students and public with co-operatives, demonstrating their actual living conditions, and to introduce to them the students who live in them. Men’s houses which will be open are: Chauncey House, 216 Chauncey Ave.; Circle Pines, 226 S. Grant St.; Dover, 41 N. Salisbury; Knpale, W. State St.; Marwood, 317 Vine; Owen, 421 University; 'Rochdale, 216 Waldron; Salisbury, 414 N. Salisbury; Wesley Boy’s, 436 State St.; Westminster, 31? N. Grant. j.f.z.
Retain Calls Envoy at Madrid Vichy, Prance, April 26.—(Special)—^InTormed sources said today that Igrancois Pietri, French Ambassador to Spain, was being recalled to confer with Chief of State Petain on the international situation—^particularly regarding the possibility 0# a German drive throu|:h Spain against Gibraltar. Pietri is expected to reach Vichy May 1 and confer the next day with Marshal Petain when he returns from a May Day holiday in Montlucon.
Boilermakers Record First Big Ten Success As Suckers Are Defeated
Average vocabulary of the freshman class is the same as the vocabulary of freshmen in ninety liberal art colleges, according to the results of the test given by the English department last semester. The highest average in the University was made by women science students with a scaled score of 61. Five other groups, pharmacy women, engineers, pharmacy men, science men and foresters had a scaled average of 59. Co-eds averaged one point higher than men and the scores parallel the students’ general ability in composition; the averages being English A, 48; English 1, 57; and English 32, 67. Dictionaries on Display The four dictionaries, donated by the G and 0 Merriam comp,any to be awarded at the Literary Banquet Thursday evening at 6:30 o’clock in the Union ballroom to the four freshmen who made the highest scores on the test, are on exhibit in the display case on the first floor of the Library. The unabridged dictionary is for the freshman with the highest score and the thxee “Collegiate” dictionaries are for the highest in English A, 1 and 32 respectively, e.g.k.
By PHIL JOHNSON (Associate Sports Editor) Champaign, Illinois — Illinois Field — April 26. — Behind a splendid four hit mound performance by Don Blanken, the Boilermaker nine outfought and outhit a strong University of Dlinois team here today for their first conference win of the season. The Riveters played heads up ball throughout the entire nine innings, collecting nine hits, including a home run by Blanken, and tallying four
Banbury Will Speak Before Engineers During Gala Week
Nazi Plan For France Delayed By Campaign in Balkan Countries
Vichy—Unoccupied Prance’s fate as regards its place in Germany’s new order has been deferred to next week at the earliest. Informed quarters here explain that, despite strong indications this week that a final arrangement for FrancoGerman collaboration would be announced, Adolf Hitler is too deeply engrossed in his Balkan campaign at the moment to divert his immediate attention to France. Vichy’s vice-premier, Adm. Jean Darlan, came back to Vichy yesterday afternoon after a two-day stay in Paris, where he consulted German officials. It had been reported that he made his trip to the former capital to receive Hitler’s final offer, which, it is now asserted, is being delayed. Meanwhile, Frenchmen betray nervousness over the uncertainty. They do not know just what degree of “collaboration” Vichy will ultimately accept, dr be forced to accept. Thursday’s communique failed to allay any of the alarm. It merely said that “nothing definite” had occurred in the course of Darlan’s Pans discussions, and up to this moment no new official information has been vouchsafed to the public.
Fernley H. Banbury, EE ’06, of the Farrel-Birmingham Company of Ansonia, Conn., will address senior engineers and all students interested in inventions at 4 o’clock May 1, in room 264 of the EE building. Banbury is a prominent alumnus and one of the foremost inventors recently honoied on the Pioneers of Invention program at which time he received the Modern Pioneer Scroll of Achievement for his invention of the Banbury Mixer, which has revolutionized the mixing and compounding of rubber and plastic materials. This honor is conferred on outstanding inventors and research scientists in various fields of industry by the Modern Pioneer Awards Committee under the sponsorship of the National Association of Manufacturers. Active Life Bom in England, Banbury studied steam, mechanical and mining engineering there and later came to America where he received a Bachelor of Science degree in EE at the University. For several years he was associated with prominent utility and engineering interests in Chicago and later worked with Dr. Acheson, inventor of carborundum, m the technical and commercial development of new products. Since 1916, when he joined the staff of the Birmingham Iron Foundry, Banbury has devoted his entire time and attention to developing the efficiency of the mixing machine bearing his name and has been granted twenty-four additional patents covering improvements to the mixer.
runs to gamer a 4-1 victory and even the series with the mini at one-all. A capacity crowd of nearly 2,000 spectators watched the Boilermakers get off to a two-run lead in the first inning and sat hushed throughout the remaining eight frames as the Illinois batters appeared unable to solve the variety of pitches delivered by Blanken, the winning moqndsman. Sequel To Basketball Tbe game began as a renewal of the past season’s basketball campaign with last year’s Illini captain Johnny Drish taking the mound against Boilermaker hardwood cai>-tain-elect Don Blanken. The Illinois captain emerged on the losing end of the deal, being relieved by Chuck Campbell in the eighth after giving up eight hits and four runs during his turn on the slab. Show Policy In First Inning The determination of the Riveters to break into the Big Ten win column was expressed vividly in the initial frame, with hits by the first three Boilermakers facing Drish scoring a pair of runs. McFerren led off With a sharp single, went to ^Ihird on Byelene’s short double, and preceded Byelene across the plate on a hit to right by Doherty. A swift double play by the Illini ended the winners threat in this iTming. Blanken lead off in the tlurd with -a long, low hit into right center iJiat rolled past the centerfielder’s grasp for an easy four bases and the Riveter’s third run. Keep Foe At Arm’s Length Astroth garnered the first Illinois hit of the day with a line tri]^e to deep left field with one out in the fourth, but Blanken, working easily and slowly, caused the next two batters to pop out to end the scoring threat. Byelene hit the first ball pitched In the sixth for his second safe hit of the day, went to second on a (Continued on page 3)
Student Opinion Survey Shows Tendency Toward Pessimism
By Student Opinion Surveys AUS’flN, Texas, April 26.—Regarding the war, campus opinion is again today shown on the pessimistic side. Modern war has taken a new twist. Pew countries have officially “declared war” recently. Others, and especially the United States, appear to be fighting economically and diplomatically^ without the actual shooting of guns. We’re Warring Now Does college opinion hold that our aid to Britain and other democracies, our attitude toward Germany, in effect constitutes “war”? To bring campus thought into focus on a nation-wide basis Student Opinion Surveys of America presented this question to a sampling of the enrollment: “Would you say that the United States is in effect already at war with Germany?” The results: YES said . , ...76 per cent NO said 24 pei cent (Only 1.3 per cent said they had no opinion on this issue.) ^ Three-quarters is a heavy mjijority and leaves no doubt as to the
tenor of student opinion regarding our current part in the European conflict. This is not to say, however, that American students want to go to war. In numerous polls Studmit Opinion Surveys has found college youth favors doing all we can to stay out. A few months ago a majority disagreed with the general, public (Gallup poU) in saying that it is more important to try to keep out of war than to help TCngh>ii«|^ at the risk of being involved.
Guns and Men Next
But this latest survey again brings out the rather pessimistie attitude expressed last monHt: that a slight majority believe the U. S. will eventually have to flight. Sectionally, opinion on whether we are in effect already at war with Germany divided quite uni-
formly: ’
‘■jri IA
-
YES
NO
'4
New England
- TWo
Middle Atlantic
... 6»
38
East Central
... 81
19
West Central ,
. 85
15
Southern
... 77
m
Far*West
... 78
m
tii mt
r*
41. V-V.
\
fia^ 2~£djiiL
Sunday, April 27. 1941
(pWidusL £xf30tuitiL
£ooIl TLook,
by Erich Maria Remarque Little, Brown & Co , Boston, Pub.
FLOTSAM—
Flotsam. Driftwood of the flood of despotism in present day Europe.
The i^oignant story of the products of dictators’ purges—^those hordes
LQHA
TODAY - MONDAY
* AmMiM'i Ho. 1 In th A Baid/s bert Ut y«t ... and fhal awaas^ tfsTEBBSICI
jffm wcm FAT RMB-BOONIT-HOLDER
miHMuturoBP • ubem • hdntbb mi BATBBTN 0BAT80N
IllAlll
NOW SHOWING
She Almost Said 'Yes' wrAen
DP POPPED THE DEVS
and mss mj JONES STABTED BAISING CJUNl
VpirJMiil
with Robert CUMMINGS Chorle* COBURN IMWNO OWItm • SPIINO lYINOTON , I S. Z. SAKAU • WIUIAM MMAHffT i — ADDED — MICKEY MOUSE CARTOON MARCH OF TIME'S LABOR and DEFENSE — admission — Nights and Sunday 35c Week Day Matinees 25c Tax Included Children Always 10c
'Best Dressed" Contest Offers Incentive To Would-Be Esquires, Mademoiselles
The ^th Colnnm
By Mary Kay Miller
of wanderers without country or passport as told by one of the great story-tellers of the generation, Erich Maria Remarque. This book vividly relates in its pages, the struggles, the hardships and the undaunted courage of the thousands of Europeans who, because of religion, race, or political beliefs, have been thrust from their lands and now roam the borders of Europe. Their only crime ? Ever having been bom. The story centers around three of these wonderers—a young man, forced out of Germany because his father is a Jew; a Jewish girl, who has also left Germany because of the penalty of her descent; and a German Aryan, thrust from his native
Don’t put on those creaseless trousers and those rounded heeled turned-up-toed saddles when you get up in the morning. It doesn’t take any longer to be well dressed than to jump into the first thing that you see when you awake. Take notice, because who knows, you may be one of the winners of the Best Dressed Contest. If not yourself, then maybe a friend of yours will win this contest. Help the judges choose the winners by submitting the names of the well dressed people whom you know. Leave candidates’ pames in the Exponent Box at the West Desk of
land because of his non-Hitler beliefs. The description of their flights across the border, their schemings for survival, and the hardness and worldly outlook which they develope is a story worth reading. Add to this compelling subject, the superb writing of Remarque, and Flotsam has the force which assures it a position among the year’s bestsellers.
Rfif* 9.
14^
HlKDIIECCTMlfHYfflDfiE
308>l0 ITATE FTWECI
WEST LAFAYETTC
ARC
TODAY - MONDAY UNFORGEHABLY THRILLING!
— and —
NANCY KEILY-JON HALL Miteel; uer
PLUS
COLOR CARTOON
MAia
-NOW PLAYING-
§Q4He when A WOMAN OETStNAT UNCERTAIN FEELING
Menle Meloi^ OBERON DOUGLAS in CfutU Ji44MUch'ii
THOT
uniERTRin
KElinG
n
with BURGES8 MEREDIT»I
the Union. Maybe we don’t know them. Each of the ten winners, five men and five women, will receive a prize of some type of wearing apparel offered by several of the downtown stores. The description of the prizes and the names of the donors will be announced soon.
We see that Senator Wheeler is off the deep end again. This time, he says, “We must prepare to get along with Hitler.” Now we hate to bring this up, but we’d like to point out that the only country, really on
friendly terms with the Buzzard of Bechtesgaden . . .
Is Italy.
This contest is being sponsored to stimulate the dressing up of the campus and to make the student body more interested in clothes. It is easy to choose smart clothes from the new styles to be had this year. Enter the names of the well dressed people you know today. Who knows—^they may be the winners of the Best Dressed Contest tomorrow.
And we’d Ijke to ad4, that in our personal opinion . Italy isn’t.
According to British reports, the Nazi troops who attacked Mount Olympus. Pound the goin^ rather tough. What with British rifles and machine guns. All of which left a good many of the German soldiers . . . Well drilled.
By the British.
Camera Club Entries Due Wednesday For Gala Week Exhibit
' Getting around to local conditions. The alumni are coming back next week. For an annual pilgiimage to renew their faith. And misgivings. In vie\y pf tljeir return, the whole campus seems to be putting on the dog. And chasing dogs off the grass.
Remarque, a German fugitive himself, does not seek to bring to the reader any horror or disgust in his book. He present his story in a clear, vital fashion such as he used in his previous best-sellers “All Quiet on the Western Front” and “The Road Back.” Flotsam has recently been shown in picture form in one of the local theatres under the title “So Ends Our Night.” Stop in at Southworth’s and procure a copy of this moving story of Europe as it is today. — PEGGY
Deadline for entries in the Camera Club spring exhibit has been set for 6 p. m. Wednesday, April 30. All students and staff members who desire to compete must leave their prints in the Student Union office
Reverting to the Balkans. Things are not doing so well. In fact, things are almost black. Which may mean that sometime soon. Britain may need more than just ships and stuff. And while we still can, we’d like to point out that we never have liked European military
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as second alass matter at the post oSisa fayette, Indiana, under the act of Conscress of March S, 1879, and at the special rate of postage prarided for in section llOS, act of October 8, 1917, authorised Jannary 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Deliyered locaUy"by carrier for $8.00 per year, mall subscription, $8.60. Edttor-in-Chlef. IL W. Danaline Business Managar— Marla Hagam^ar
PvUicalioii Staff Newa Editor. J. H. ManasinG , D, Ks Baipte Associate Elditors: if. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Parecdl, L. W. Ruffner, R. M. Skallerup, J. h. Trangott. Busln«» Staff Local AdTertislng Itanagers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C., F.' Danglemsjer; Aaeonnts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor. - -.Beth Simpson Associate Editors; Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Sims. Sports Staff Editor J. P. Dplan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. V SWaim.
Phone: Editorial 4005; Business 8471; Sports 2792
Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers RepresentaUves, 420 Madison Ave., New York, K. x.
Staff For This Issuo Night Editor: Runnion Day Editor: Howard Issue Editor: Fischer Sports Editor: Cl^rk. Workers: Hunter, Amos, Kieper, Fox.
history. And we have a nasty suspicion that we’ll like it even less. If . • . We’re making it.—ola
before that time. Beginning Friday, May 2, the exhibit will be on display in the Union for the benefit of Gala Week visitors, and the pictures will remain on exhibition until May 17. Camera Club members pay no entry fee to exhibit their prints; staff members outside the club may exhibit any number of prints upon paying a fee of 50 cents and student non-members, 25 cents. Those who havl exhibited pictures before are reminded that they must enter as advanced amateurs; others, in the amateur division, p.a.h.
Draft Officials Receive Deferment Petitions
Jimjdi^ JalL
Prof. H. B.Rogers
... of the General Engineering department attended the Industrial Management Society’s annual national wage conference Friday and Saturday. Professor Rogers spoke on, the subject, “Practical Application of Occupational Rating.”
Over 700 signatures obtained by the Student Alliance at the University have been sent to the director of the Selective Service Act, according to an announcement made yesterday by Donald Grant, secretary of the Student Alliance. Petitions circulated by the organization ask deferment for college students in agriculture, science, pharmacy, forestry and education, in addition to supporting Sidney Hillman’s request of April 24 for deferment of all engineering students. According to the Student Alliance, special consideration is asked for such students only on the basis that they can render more valuable services in national defense if permitted to complete their training, r.l.h.
As The Editor Sees It
BUNGLE THROUGH THE JUNGLE WITH BING, BOB AND BOTTIE!
We see a full week of activities ahead. Gala Week always seems to put a fitting climax to a year’s activities and this year it’s no exception. Varsity Show’s presentation of “The College Widow” threatens to outstrip anything that organization has yet presented. And all free, too, for the students on Thursday night. The second performance on Saturday night is expressly for Alumni and guests and all seats are reserved at a dollar per. As an added attraction on Thursday, there’s the Literary Banquet. Getting to both the banquet and “The College Widow” is going to be a problem. Then there’s Friday. You can rest on this day or... you can attend open house on the engineering and science campus, or the special review of the University ROTC unit, or if you are still not tired there’s the Galacade in the Fieldhouse pool or the dance in the Union. On Saturday . .. but do we need to mentjon it. The list goes on interminably. As usual, Eth Baugh and the Gala Week Committee have provided a minute by minute program for the big week-end. How do they do it?
.-Lomour,
LOW'D'**'
We note with great pleasure the steps taken by the varsity managers and the Student Senate in providing for a real student athletic organization. There has been a long felt need for an on-the-ball group who knew both the student viewpoint apd the athletic viewpoint. This organization should help to co-ordinate such things as pep sessions, ticket distribution, etc. Rumor has reached our desk that George Ade will make one of his rare appearances here Thursday night at the presentation of his “College Widow.” Nothing definite yet, but we hope it’s true.
ALTERATION and REPAIR BEST WORK DONE — SATISFACTION GUARANTEED
JOE'S TAILOR-SHOP CHAUNCEY & STATE STREETS
Twq Reel Color Cartoon "RAGGEDY ANN"
Starts TODAY MBnOEU
Well, the next two weeks will see us wind up our activities for the year. We only hope that we get to write all those edits we’ve had in the back of our minds for the past year. And they’re not about the world situation. Some impressions and stuff we’ve picked up in the past twelve months. With apologies to no one.
muM
mmimi
4 .o-ri
V’J
<>
(V
fijuAdm, £xfa)imnk
Sunday, April 27, 1941
Bob Anderson, Ray Lueht Lead Netters In 6-3 Win Over Illinois
Andretich Stars As Linksmen Crushed On Blacks Take Close Champaign Course By
Larry LaBree’s tennis team defeated Illinois, 6-3, yesterday afternoon on the nortj campus clay courts and broke a Sucker jinx that had been in effect for many years. Riveter Captain Bob Anderson and number two man Ray Liicht excelled for the winners, while Captain Bob Swartz and Art Jones turned in good accounts of themselves for the visitors. Lucht Shows ’Em How!
Intrasquad Tilt, 14-6 Tough lllini Team 22-5
Seven Tracksters Place In Annual Drake Relays
Riveters Triumph
(Continued from page 1)
beautiful sacrifice by Doherty, and raced home on a sharp single to right by Janisch. McCaifery fanned for the third out to squelch any further threat in this inning. In scoring this fourth and final Boilermaker counter the speedy center fielder tallied his fifth run of the two game series. Illihi Loner by Bartley The lone Illinois run came in the eighth on a hit by Bartley between short and third, an error by Myers, and another single by Milosevich, his first safety of the pair of tilts. Blanken tired a little in the ninth, issuing two bases on balls, but a nice running, catch of a hard hit fiy ball by Janisch and a double play from Myers to McFerten and McCaffrey ended the game with no further damage inflicted. Had it not been for the five walks which Blanken issued he would easily have counted a shut-out victory. The passes came at vital points in the game and it was only by very cool pitching under pressure and excellent fielding support that the lanky right hander emerged unscathed from serious scoring threats in the fourth and sixth innings. Today’s loss was the Illini’s second of'the conference season, dealing a serious blow to their chances of repeating their last year’s record of a tie for the championship with Northwestern.
Purdue
McFerren, 2b
Byelene, cf Janisch, rf McCaflery, Myers, ss Cook, 8b Fjsher, c Blanken, p
lb
Summary AB R ^ 1 4 2 3 0 4 0 4 0 4 0 4 0
H PO 1 4
Totals
9 27 12
Illinois Bartley, ss Wahl, cf Astroith, 2b Milosevich, lb Drish, p Bessone, 8b Finn, If Ziemba, c Drechsler, rf Munrick, rf Campbell, .p
AB 4 4 4 3 3 4 2 3 1 1 1
H PO 2 1 0». 2 1 6
Anderson dropped the opening singles play to Bob Swarti^, but Bay Lucht came back with an uphill rally and some clever shooting to take Prank Saikley, 6-8, 7-6 and 6-4. Ray is the ty^q of player who never quits; however,'he has the temperament of a Bill Tilden, for he reproaches himself severely after a poor shot. After Lucht had broken the ice for the ultimate victors Gus Armstrong, Dick Stettner and Fred Richards beat their opponents in rapid order. Art Jones gave the lllini their second singles win out of the six played when he downed Bill Van Camp, a sophombre, 6-3, and 6-4. Doubles Match Cinches It With the score standing at 4-2, in favor of the Gold and Black netters, Lucht and Anderson took charge of the situation and won their doubles match in straight sets. This clinched the affair for the Boilermakers, since nine points —one for each of the six singles and three doubles — is the total score in any regulation dual meet tennis match. The lllini, coached by Howard Braun, have had a .600 average in non-conference play. They won their opener against Elmhurst and lost to DePauw. As a means of forecasting what to expect from Braun’s crew next season, one need only to be informed that the Illinois Freeman recently defeated the present varsity, 8-1. In the years of 1939 and 1940 the Braun-coached squad lost only four dual meets in 23. Two losses each were suffered at the hands of Northwestern and Chicago, who annually have strong combinations. In the number two doubles play Sam Young and Lloyd Clark went after a hard volley and lost a point to Gus Armstrong and Dick Stetther when their racquets and bodies collided and fell to the clay, o.t.c.
Totals
Purdue^ Illinois
201 001 000—4 000 000 010—1
Inter-Fraternity Track, Field Classic Scheduled At Ross-Ade Cinder Paths
The summary follows Singles • Swartz (I) defeated Anderson (P) 6-0, 4-6, 6-4 Lucht (P) defeated Saikley (I) 6-8, 7-5, 6- 4 Stettner (P) defeated Miller (I) 6-4, 6-1 Armstrong (P) defeated Edidln (I) 4-6, 7- 5, 6-2. Richards (P) defeated Young (I) 6-4, 10-8 Jones (I) defeated Van Camp (P) 6-3, 6-4 Doubles. Anderson and Lucht (P) defeated Swartz and Saikley (I) 6-1, 6 2. Jones and Edidin (I) defeated Van Camp and Richards (P) 2-6, 6-2, 6-0 Stettner and Armstrong (P) defeated Clark and Young (I) 4-6, 6-2, 6-2.
Yei^erday afternoon, on the turf of Ross-Ade Stadium, it was again Gold versus Black as the Riveter football squad battled in the second of the series of their intrasquad tilts. The final score, 14-6, in favor of the Black team, gives a rather fair indication of the edge held by them throughout almost all of the hot jafternoon’s workout. Andretich Stars For Blacks With a preponderance of their power in the backfield, the Blacks were able to run most of their plays via the overland route while, on the other hand, the Gold squad more often than not took to the air. Freshman back, Andretich, turned in an excellent sixty minute performance for the winning eleven. It was he, who, midway in the first quarter, set up the initial touchdown with a long run, following which Pete Timperman scored and Shoemaker kicked the extra point. Brock Passes 50 Yards To Rush In the second period, the Gold eleven bounced back into the game when Junior Brock completed what was almost a 50 yard pass to Jim Rush. However, Kersey missed the try for placement and the score stood 7-6 Rush, a junior, has been doing well on the receiving end of pass plays all during the spring practice session and his performance in this game only served to better his reputation in this respect. The second half of the game saw no scoring threats at all until the first few minutes of the fourth period. Then the Golds, after three straight downs in the near vicinity of the Black five yard line, tried, and failed, to kick over a field goal. Petty To Hillenbrand To Berman A few moments later followed the game’s most spectacular play. John Petty, who ha^d turned in a stellar performance during three previous periods of the game, broke away^near his 25 yard line for almost thirty yards before he was slowed up. He then tossed a lateral to Hillenbrand who ran 20 more until he too was surrounded. This time the ball went to Berman, who coihpleted the relay for a Black touchdown. The extra point was again made and the score stood, and remained 14-6, until the final whistle. One More Week Spring practice, which has been held since the first of March, has now only one more week to go. The third intrasquad game of the spring
Champaign, 111., April 26—(Special to the Purdue Exponent)—Illinois completely outclassed the Boilermaker golf team here today, 22-6, and avenged defeats dealt out to the lllini tennis and baseball squads. The Sucker linksmen took this task upon themselves and displayed their superiority from the outset at 9:30 this morning until late afternoon. Welsh Leads Winners Medal scores for the lllini were excellent with five 71’s being recorded. A 78 was the highest opposition medal score. Welsh was the standout performer for the host team with rounds of 71 and 69. Buzick followed Tiim closely with two 71’s. The lllini medal scores were as follows: Holmstrom, 71 and 72; Welsch, 71 and 69; Buzick, 71 and 71; Usinger, 76 and 76; Wolfley, 74 and 71 and Reed, 78 and 78. The best Gold and Black medal scores were shot by Wade Knipp with 75 and 76. Wade is something of a rookie since this is his first year of active competition on Coach Harry Allspaw’s links combination.
The summary follows SINGLES Holstrom (I) defeated Dahl (P) 2-1; Welsch (I) defeated Knipp (P) 3-0, Buzick (I) defeated Curran (P) 2Vi-V2 , Uinger (I) defeated HofEer (P) 3-0, Wolfley (I) defeated McDaniels (P) 2-1, Reed (I) defeated Schutt (P) 2Vi-V2 " DOUBLES. Holstrom and Wolfley (I) defeated Dahl and Hoffer (P) 2%-% Welsch and Reed (I) defeated Knipp and Curran (P) 2-1, Buzick and Usinger (I) defeated McDaniels and Schutt (P) 2%-%
165 Play Golf On Practice Links In Spring Opening
According to notice received by the Intramural department, ovei 165 students signed up for golf rounds on the Riveter three hole practice course the first day in which the signature sheets were provided. This is a distinct improvemen over last year’s best mjirk of 145. It has, however, been noticed that the play of those trying to complete the three holes has been hampered by students practicing chip shots on- individual greens. To surmount this difficulty a single green for approach practice is maintained on the northwest corner of the Intramural field and it is here that students are requested to practice their individual shots. j.s.k.
"session will be held next Saturday
as part of the Gala Week festivities. This is the annual climax to spring practice for the football squad and will consist of a battle between the two squads which played yesterday.
Continuing as an annual affair the Inter-fraternity Track and Field Meet will be held in Ross-Ade Stadium Wednesday and Thursday, May 14 and 16. Entry blanks should be returned to the Intramural of-' fice not later than noon of Monday,
May 12. All changes and additions will be allowed during the next meet; however. Chief Clevett suggests that all interested persons read page 14 of the local rules in the Intramural Handbook. . The relay will be the only event in which more than one man may compete. Participation points go to the fraternity entering four men in the meet.
FACULTY MEMBERS WHY RENT AN ACADEMIC OUTFIT? USE THE RENTAL FEE TOWARD A PURCHASE FOR APPOINTMENT—DIAL 46793
MR. E. WILLARD KING Grand Rapids, Mich.
ARTCRAFT MFG. CO. Locally 421 State St.
DEUVERT GUARANTEED FOR BACCALAUREATE
3L
INVITES
YOU AND YOUR FRIENDS
Union ^
• TO
(
(^a^eteda
ENJOY VDUR MEALS MORE ■)
• Delicious Food
• Courteous Service
The
• Reasonable Prices
BEST
Breakfast 7-9 — Luncheon — Dinner
Food,
at
YET
Tho.
the Most
Reasonable
(Ouhtino. ^yyioMfViiot
Prices
Corner of Camnus Yet the Center of Activities
Frosh Nine Gamers 10 Safeties; Defeat / Fehring's Reserves
Banging out 10 hits the freshman baseball team defeated the varsity reserves yesterday afternoon 8-6, on Ross-Ade Field. This should be encouraging to Dutch Fehring when he considers his material for next year. Bob , Baker pitched well for the Rhinies and seems to have something of an Indian sign on the varsity seconds, for he defeated them last week in impressive fashion. Again, as in last week’s game. Baker was a trifle shaky w4th men on base, but showed the poise expected of a moundsman in the clutch. Baker allowed the opposition nine hits and struck out six. Three errors were committed on each side. Bob Gantz tossed them up for the reserves and recorded seven strikeouts. After the Frosh had scored a single run in the second inning their enemy came back with four tallies The latter added one in the fifth to complete their scoring for the day. Frosh Bats Speak The Rhinies score a brace of counters in the fourth and followed this with three in tlje next frame. Their scoring was concluded in the lucky seventh with two more, o.t.c.
Big Jake Weber used his 240 pounds to advantage as he took a fourth place in his specialty, the shot put with a heave of 47 feet. A1 Blozis of Georgetown, who recently broke just about all of Jack Torrance’s records, won the event by doing an even six feet better than Weber. Two Boilermakers placed in the gruelling 440 yard high hurdles, namely Bob Wente, third, and Dave Rankin, fourth. This event is definitely an endurance contest, for it extends every entry to the utmost. All-American end Rankin displayed the stamina and the surprising speed that made him such a nuisance thorn to opposition backs and blockers throughout three years as a football star. Rankin does not appear to travel at a very rapid rate because of his size, but js one of the fastest BOO-poundos in: fhe country. Wente showed even, greater speed than Dave and* pulled ahead of the Warsaw product near the completion of the race. Jentsch Improves Alex Jentsch served notice that half-milers on the Riveter schedule for the rest of the season had better be on their respective toes. The tall lad improves steadily. In his first outdoor attempt at Michigan State Alex ran the 880 in 1:59.0, which IS excellent time, considering the earliness of the season and the condition of the Spartan cinder path.
Score by innings follows:
All-Campus
Freshman . 010 230 200—8 10 8 V. Reserves 040 010 000—5 9 3
University of Kentucky is adding a course in advanced salesmanship.
^ . . Golf Tournament entries must sign up on the Intramural bulletin board immediately according to an announcement from the office of M. L. (Chief) Clevett, Intramural director.
To Look Smart LOOK j CLEAN
Trust those more delicate summer fahriea to the eleane^rs guarantee you 'better and more careful woihmanship at no higher prices.
PROMPT and CAREFUL DEUYERY ALWAYS
CALL 4081 TODAY
Ths Lowest Prices Quality Permits! Northwestern at Vine Phene 4881
mm
By JOE DOLAN (Exponent Sports Editor) Des Moines, Iowa, April 26.—(Special to the Purdue Exponent)—Stepping out in very select company at the Drake Relays the Riveter track team collected more laurels for itself and its coach, Heripon Phillips, here this afternoon. The two mile relay team took fourth place against the pick of the nation’s middle distance runners. This quartet composed of Captain Ed Holderman, Alex Jentsch, Burt Anthony and Bob Stanley have been consistent point-getters for the Phillips-coached team during the indoor and outdoor seasons. * Reliable Jake
w i
M
V I
■fGRIN AND BEAR IT
jSiWW«la«Sl»rS»|SS^^^^
Swiday. April 27. 1941
^UhdjUSL^^
By Lichly
patch with “information from an authoritative quarter” to the effect that Spain’s neutrality is gravely thieatened. German plans for an attempt to close the Straits of Gibraltar are made. Airfields already are being constructed in southern Spain, German ground staffs and anti-aircraft crews are there. Two large airdromes are being built at Cadiz and Huelva, northwest of Gibraltar. U. S. tenvoy Urges Caution An account is given of the interviews between Ramon Serranno y Suner, foreign minister, and United States Ambassador Alexander W. Weddell in which Serrano Suner said: “I hope for and believe in a German victory and I shall stop at nothing to help and hasten it.” The American ambassador subsequently informed Serrano Suner that the United States was resolved to see the war through to a victorious end for the democracies, and for Spain’s sake it Would be well for the foreign minister tO bear that in mind. Thus, if the patrols prove in prac-. tice to be authorized to deal with German raiders and U-boats, they will relieve the British of the need for providing complete protection for convoys over more than half of the northern New York-to-Britain route.
GIRL or BOY They’ll Shout For Joy Wifh a
SHOCKPROOF WATCH GRADUATION
Oh hum, I’m weary. Ran all over town yesterday shopping for gifts. Seems like practically everyone is getting married these days. Must be the war scare. Anyway, here I am with umpteen gifts to buy, and not an idea to my name. And then comes an inspiration . . . I stroll into Southwprth’s gift department and find ah endless supply of articles to choose from; Articles which are both practical and artistic. For instance, there are book-ends, salad bowls, and candlesticks made of Heisey’s quality glassware. Tlie designs are beautiful, and every piece is made for practical use. And I find if you are ambitious for hammered aluminum, you’ll haye to buy it now, for as soon as the current supply is gone the aluminum market will be closed. It seems that the government has decided that the metal makes good airplane parts. However, some pieces of Cromwell hand-wrought aluminum are still available at Southworth’s, and some of these really solve my gift problems. Next I spy some beautiful bowls made of Revere copper. You know Paul Revere made the first of these products, and the standard of beauty and quality which were in the earliest pieces are still present in Revere copper today. These are ideal gifts for anyone who appreciates quality. Artidles of all sorts are made from Chase brass. In fact everything from cocktail sets to silent butlers. It’s easy enough to find gifts galore made by the Chase Company, and the articles are highly practical and pleasing to the eye. So, I walk out of the store with a load off my mind, and a lot of problems crossed off my gift list. And I know that the next time I get a wedding announcement or my Aunt Minnie in Detroit is having a birthday I’ll go to Southworth’s gift department right away for appropriate pieces. ' ■ — PEGGY
‘Okay! You win—-I’ll paper the dining nook!
ive Inspection PiBetaPhi
School Begins In May Courses covering inspecting work in the mai\ufacture of explosives will be given men employed in Indiana industries starting early in May, it has been announced by Professor C. W. Beese, head of the department of general engineering. Prof. Beese is in charge of the defense training program for the state areas in and near South Bend and Terre Haute where the courses are directed by men from Rose Polytechnic and Notre Dame. The course will be given first in Indianapolis and Lafayette with the lectures being given in both cities and the actual laboratory work of the University campus.
• social sorority, announces the election of Mary Crane, president; Ellen Bassett, vice-pfesidenty ’Jane Stickrod, recording secretary; Jean Frankenberry, pledge supervisor; Ruth Holden and Virginia Vestal, censors; Sylvia Pittman, Pan-Hel-lenic representative^ Members of Executive Council are Marjorie Kuntz, senior representative; Marjory Chanel, junior representative; Pat Stenberg, sophomore representative; and Harriet Porgey, mem-ber-at-large. . G. F. Austin of the chemical and metallurgical engineering school is spending three weeks on a special course covering explosives in Washington University at St. Louis, in order to get the latest information for use in classes, t.b.n.
There Is No Substitute for A Well-Laundered Shirt . .
• MEN APPRECIATJE well laundered shirts that are immaculately clean and smoothly comfortable. All crisp, smart finish of a brand new shirt is retained thru Crown’s modern laundry process. SHIRTS LAUNDERED BY CROWN ARE DATED! Dated Shirts Are Your Guarantee For a Years Wear!
CLEAN E II $ O F F 1 N g CLOTH JE i
In the SPRING
a
Man’s Fancy
lightly turns to other things besides BOOKS. Before starting on your Easter week-end trip bring your car around and let us give it a thorough Spring Check-up.
Peter
Phone 4048 24 Hour Service
525 Alabama St. After You, We Coihe First
Senate Petitions Due Tomorrof Afternoon All students who have taken out petitions for the Student Senate must return them by 6 o’clock tomorrow evening, according to Senate officials. So far a total of 48 petitions haye been taken out, 26 freshmen "and 23 sophomores seeking positions. Each petitioner must have fifty signatures of members of his class and school before the petition may be returned, except freshman engineers, who must have 75? ' DeltaChi ... social fraternity, will hold a tea this afternoon from .3 to 6 o’clock honoring their new housemother, Mrs. H. Luckey. i
Tan Beta Pis Formal Initiation and dinner Wednesday, April 80, at 4:80 p. m. in the Union. —MONTGOMERY. 'Alpha Lambda Delta: See Betty Brown for tea dance tickets. Each member must sell five or donate mon^y for same to the treasury. -BROWN.
Catalyst Club: Election of new offsoe™ Wednesday, April 80. Chem and Met Building, at 7:80 p. m. SigiS up for party in Dr. Lovell’s office. „„„ —BERG8TKDT.
Tau Beta Pi: Informal inltlatloii Monday. April 28, at ^00, room 866 of the Union. -MONTGOMERY
Purdue Christian Foundation: Meeting of old and new cabinets Tuesday, April 29, at 126 Chauncey. Supper at 6:80. Meeting begins 'at 6:80. —RIGGS
Purdue Christian Foundation: Installation of officers Sunday, April 27, at 6:30. All officers be sure to attend. All students invited. .—RIGGS
PI A Board Members: Both old and new, can get their banquet tickets after 6 p. m., Sunday, AprU 27, in PIA office.. They are free. ' ' —MEYERS.
Alpha Zeta: Special meeting Tuesday, April 29, at 7 :30 p. m. iri room 282 of the Union. —STEWART.
Classified
PIA Board: Regular meeting of-the old and new board Monday afternpon in the PIA office at 4:30 p. m. This is the last time the old board will meet. —MUSSBR.
Scriveners: Meeting Sunday, April 27, 7 :30 p. m., roorti 261 of the Union. Guests coming. —RIEGLB.
Typswriten and adding madiinas. >siw and Bsed, for sala, rant and repaired. AB . makes of portabl* typewritera, |19.TS 9a $69.60. Office anpplIiM. Mimeograph a«4 multigraph work. C, F. Bberihoff, EM Main St PhoM, *77t.
Reamer Club: Dinner at 1 ;80 Sunday, April 27, in' the Union. Regular meeting 7:30 p. m,, Monday, April 28, room 804 Union. —BOHLIN.
For Rant: RuaB-Rent?A-Oar Servies. Can for all occasions. Min. $2.6E all night Phone 24*7.
Christian Science Organiza'tion: Regular meeting Tuesday, April 29, 7:30 p. m., in room 306 of the Union. —BURROUGHS.
Faculty Membersr—Buy an ARTCRAPT ACADEMIC outfit or replace that worn Hdod or Tassel. Call 46793. Mr. E. Willard King, Grand Rapids for appointment. Wanted-T-One or two girls to share nice apartment beginning May 1, near campus. Inquire at Union' West Desk.
Exponent Staff: Keep the deck cleared for action on Sunday, May 4, for the annual Exponent banquet in the Union at 6 p. m. ’ (27-4) —DONAHUE.
PIA Men and Women—See art Artcraft Display of leather emblems, white terry-clotii-sweaters with your symbols thereon, and other, college specialties, Monday 3-6 p. m- 421 State, opposite the Union. Ask for Mr. E. Willard King.
Camera Club Entrants: Prints are due at the Student Union Office not later than B p. m. Wednesday, April 20, 1941. ■ —TAPFEL. Cadet Officers: Meeting of all the staffs arid staff commanders of both brigades on Thursday, May 1, at 11 p. m., in the Armory. —MEESE.
Notices
. All Students: Tickets for PIA banquet Sunday, April 27, at 6:16 p. m. in the Union, may be purchased for 60 cents from any PIA board member. Reamer member or pledge, or at the W^t desk in the Union. , —KNEPPEBi
Cadet Luncheon Committee: There will be a meeting in the Armory, Wednesday, April 30, at 4 p. m. Ticket sales will he checked. —MEESE.
Tennis Tournament: Schedule, is posted. First round must be played off by . Tuesday, April 29. —NAFPIT.
All Electrical Engineers: Sign up in EE office for inspection trip arid AlEE meeting at Illinois University May 10.
Kappa Delta' Pi: There will be a meeting of the n'oriiinating; committee Monday, April 28, in room 306 of the Union. The following people must, be present: Mapf Frances Hunter, Ed Narwicki, Rosemary Keifner, and Mary Pigeon. —LUARS
4-H Club: Annual Spring party will be held at Women’s gym Saturday, May 8, at 7 :30 p. m. Tickets may be purchased at the door for 16c br, they can now be bought from Frank Goris'for 10c. ANDERSON Kappa Delta Pi: Meeting Tuesday, April 29, at 7 :46 p. m. in room 356 of the Union. Unfinished business will be completed. Election of officers will be held. Permanent record cards will be filled out. Keys will be distributed. —NORQUEST
YWCA: YWCA retreat at Bonnie Swope’s home, 906 Northwestern, at 2:30, Sunday, April 27. ■ —NEWTON
An EE’s: Meeting in EE reading room at 4 p. m.-, April 28, for those who are working and those who would like to work on open house projects. —HOLCOMB
Alpha Phi Omega: Actives and pledges, Initiation will be held Sunday, April 27, at 5 p. m. in the room across from the old chestnut room. Notify Schalliol immediate^ ly if you will attend. - —CHAMBERS.
Chi Epsilon: Meeting Tuesday, April 29, at 4:00 in front of the Civil Engineering building. All actives and pledges must attend. ' —SAMS
WAA; Riding call-put Monday, April 28, at 4 p. m. in the gym. Ten WAA points for each ride, 100 points maximum received. Everyone may ride. —REDWINE.
Newman Club: There will be a meeting of all members who plan to attend the Ohio Valley Convention at Ohio State University in Room 302 of the Union on Tuesday,. April 29, at 4 :00. • —LUERS
PIA Dance Classes: Beginners and Advanced Class will meet Tuesday April 29, at 7 :30 sharp. —HUMPHREY
the Purdue Exponent Service Direotory
• Professional Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK OR. LUTHER A RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK
4th e Main Stt.
5710
• Dairy Products M. L MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phon* 46214 • Locksmith Keys and Locks Kays for trunks, door locks, "desk tecais, night latches and'' padlodu. Auto keys a specialty. Bibles, accessorlas and rapalrlng. MULHAUPrS
aO».|1 M. 5th St.
RhqmaMf
• Shoe Repair * B05SUNG SHOE REBUILDING Phone 2240 221 State • Hardware V M It's Hardware We Have (t Quality Mdse.-—Lower Prices ^ Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Phone 4354. , W® Deliver
• School Supplies DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
Complete Line of ■ Greeting Cards University Book Store M. C. "Red" Sammons '29 R. Vy. "D6c" Eppio'40 • Photographers Carneras. and Supplies Picture Framing HINEA PHOTOGRAPHER 634 Main St, Phone 7775 o Dine FRANK'S PLACE GOOD SANDWICHES AND HOME MADE SALADS — ALWAYS OPEN — 11) NORTHWESTERN AVE.
ly /•f
'-i-'