\\ i.‘-‘ ’•^n-'
A»* h
^■\ ;
. »s
♦ -K ^*1
PurduG mm ^Mi ■■ ^mm m0m ' <it Z-IM
'Volume 51, No. 75
Exponent
SuiidcQr', I^MWinber 10, 10^
Late News Flashes
Vacation Is Only A
» . ,, ^ r- Off; This
• Finns Report' Russian Use Of Gas
Oslo, Norway, December 9—News of the fighting on the Russian-Finnish PJq/J HqIo YOU border last night continued to overshadow the stereotyped reports from / r
the western front. The Finns reported last night that the Reds had been
repulsed despite heavy artillery fire.
Finnish soldiers report the use of gas by the Russians, the first use of this outlawed weapon of war. Correspondents with the Finnish troops are
xequired to wear gas masks.
• Russians Announce Blockade Of Finland London, December 9—By their official radio, Russia informed the world of the naval blockade of Finland. • Brazilian Police Seize Communists Rio de Janeiro, December 9—Police today seized 100 alleged Communist agitators, quantities of arms and munitions, and propaganda mateTial. Communism has been outlawed by Brazil since 1937. • British Lose Two More Ships ^ London, December 9—^Two more Britis'h ships went to the bottom of the sea off the coast of England today and temporarily halted Britain’s drive to make the world safe for English shipping. The 6,656-ton freighter Brandon, and the 751-ton merchantman Corea sank today with a total loss of 16 men. This bring^s the toll of lives from sinkings in the past 48 hours to 100. • New Stock Show Attendance Record Set Chicago, December 9—^After eight days of large crowds, the International Livestock Exposition closed last night. A new record for attendance ^as set, with over 389 thousand attending the show. • League Of Nations Puts Russia On Trial Geneva, December 9—Russia today went on trial before the league of nations to answer the charges of little Finland. No Russian delegates were present but large bodies of delegates of French and English appeared on the scene. This is significant in view of the fact that heretofore the French and British have avoided complications with Russia. Activities Bureau Butler Professor Will To Sponsor Frosh Speak To SecretarieSr Activities Forum Stenographers Tuesday
Fifth in a series of freshman forums, sponsored by the Activities Bureau to help freshmen acquaint themselves with campus activities, will be held in the faculty lounge Friday at 4 p. m. Representatives of the following organizations will be present to explain the work of their activity and what it has to offer the freshmen: Purdue Student Alliance, Student Union, Purdue Independent Association, and the Activities Bureau. After brief talks by the various representatives the freshmen will be given a chance to ask questions. This meeting will give freshmen a chance to learn something about the activities which they aie interested in. Newman Club Gives Radio Dance Tonight Monthly meeting of the University Newman Club will start this morning after 9:30 mass when the club will have its monthly club communion breakfast in St. Mary’s auditorium. Following the breakfast the club will have an hour of recreation, and the regular monthly business meeting. President Harry Monson will preside over the business meeting. This evening, beginning at 8 o’clock, the club will sponsor a radio dance in St. Mary’s auditorium.
Professor Howard Z. Stewart, of the Butler University ^college of business administration, will speak on “The Secretarial Field as a Profession’’ before secretaries and stenographers of this region of the Farm Security Administration at a meeting of that group Tuesda:^ morning at 10:45 in Memorial Hall of Purdue University. The conference will be held starting tomorrow through the 14th. Professor Stewart will discuss the development and growth of this type of work, its opportunities, its responsibilities, its demands upon the individual, and some of the ethics to be practiced in the profession. The address is to be followed by a period of discussion, in which attempts will be made to answer the questions of those present. J. R. Jacobson First CAA Pilot To Solo After only eight hours of instruction, John R. Jacobson, ME ’41 from Roselle, New Jersey, took off alone in the plane used in CAA instructional work at the University Airpoit and thus became the first of the 60 enrolled CAA students to solo. Captain L. I. Aretz, in charge of the flight program, expects a number of others to solo during the coming week because of the good weather.
Yesterday the Exponent published a list of qualifications for “A” students. In reply we received the following list of hints on ho\V to be happy although not a brain, or “How to Hang on Until Vacation.” 1. "Well, after all, it’s only a week
and a half off.
2. Ignore those exams; grades don’t count, it’s what you learn in school that counts. 3. Write home for money; that always takes a lot of time, and
gives no results. 4. Sleep it off.
6. Refuse to speak to anyone; back in your hole. 6. Go to class; it breaks the mo-
notony.
7. Read “How to Lose Friends and Alienate People,” and practice. 8. Study.
9. Joe.
10. Well, after all, it’s only a week and a half oi^. Farm Security Adm. Employees Will Meet Here For Conference Two bundled and twenty-five persons will be on the campus tomorrow for the annual conference of employees of the Farm Security Administration in Indiana. Dean H. A. Reed will welcome the group to the University. Following his welcome, P. G. Beck, of Indianapolis, regional director of the organization, will discuss the place of the farm security program in the U. S. Department of Agriculture. D. E. Young, of the farm management department, will speak on “World Markets Affecting Our Present Farm Economy.” Carl N. Gibboney, assistant regional director, will discuss the equality of opportunity for the low income fam-
ily-
Other Topics Other topics to be discussed during the week include health and sanitation, the work of the National Youth Administration, land use plahning, public relations, and various farm and home topics. Dr. E. H. Shideler, of Lafayette, state director of the Administration, is in charge of the program which will continue through Thursday. YWCA To Enleriain Fatuity Guests At Dinner Tuesday Members of the University faculty wil]^ be entertained by YWCA members at a dinner Tuesday evening at 6 o’clock m rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. Dr. Lillian A. 'Gilbreth, professor of generg,! engineering and resident faculty member of WRH South, will be the guest speaker for the occasion.
Elections Are Tuesday; Read These Rules; Think, You Might Vote For The Wrong People
Tuesday is the day! Prom and Gala Week voting in the main lobby of the Union will start at 7 a. m. and continue through the day until 6 p. m., when the booth will officially close. AIK juniors and seniors will vote only for their respective class representatives. The rules of the elections are stated in the following paragraphs. Rules governing the use of voting machines: Upon entering the booth, pull to the right the large lever at the top and center of the machine, thus closing the curtain in the booth. The machine is now ready for you to vote. To Vote A Straight Ticket Pull to the right the lever which you find at the extreme left of the row of names in the party for which you are voting. You have now cast a straight party vote!
Push to the left the lever which you used to close the curtain. Thus your vote is recorded and the curtain opens. To Vote A Split Ticket Pull to the right the lever which you see at the left of the row of candidates of the party for which you want to cast the most votes. You will notice that a small lever above each name in that party will drop down. Now cancel the names of candidates from this party for whom you do not wish to vote by pushing up the small lever above the individual’s name. Then to vote for a candidate on the opposite ticket or an unaffiliated candidate pull down the small lever above the name of the individual for whom you intend to vote. Seven For Juniors—Six For Seniors If seven levers are down, no more
Boilermakers Battle DePaul Fieldhouse Tomorrow, 7:30 Revenge Hungry Demons Hope To Wipe National Educational, Out Stain Of Last Year's 10 Point Defeat
Fraternity Leaders Meet Here Tuesday
can go down until one of the seven is pushed up. You may cancel out as many names as you wish in this manner and vote for any unafSliated or opposite candidates, as long as your total vote or number of levers dropped down does not exceed seven for juniors and six for seniors. When you have dropped the small levers down for the individuals for whom you are voting, open the booth by pushing to the left the large lever with which you closed the curtain. Hours—7 A. M. To 6 P. M. General voting regulations: No campaigning in the lobby. Not voting without passports. Anyone trying to vote twice or under false pretences will have voting privileges removed for the rest of the year.
In order to discuss the proposal that a training course for fraternity officers to be held at Purdue next year as a part of the summer session, recently made by R. B. Stewart before a fraternity council meeting in New York, national fraternity and educational leaders will mpet here Tuesday with a local committee. Those attending are: Dean of Men Fred Turner of the University of Illinois, Dean Herbert Smith of DePauw University, Fred Stecker, fraternity advisor at Ohio State University, and Malcolm Sewall, national secretary of Sigma Nu. The local committee will consist of Professor George Davis, W. A. Bodden, assistant controller, and W. E. Catterall, president of the Interfraternity Presidents Council.”
Reserve Tickets For Five Basketball Tilts Now In Ticket Office
Reserved student seats for the basketball games with Ohio State, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Oregon, and Southern California will be available in exchange for passport coupons on December 11-14 in the ticket office of the Fieldhouse. The Ohio State game will be January 8, the Wisconsin game January 13, and the Minnesota game January 15. Students planning to attend the Oregon and Southern California games should make the proper exchange of coupon^ for reserved tickets at the same time that they obtain their Ohio State, Wisconsin, and Minnesota tickets. Distribution Tickets will be distributed according to the following schedule: seniors, Monday, December 11; juniors, Tuesday, December 12; sophomores, Wednesday, December 13, and freshmen, Thursday, December 14. Immediately following the distribution of freshman tickets on Thursday, December 14, all remaining tickets will be placed on sale to the general public. Civil Service Positions Open To Prospective Ag School Graduates Prospective Ag school graduates will be offered a Civil Service examination for junior professional positions in the U. S. Department of Agriculture. The tests were given for the first time last year and proved So successful that they are expected to become an annual offer. Under the plan, graduating seniors who pass the tests will be eligible for appointment about July 1. The Civil Service Commission will announce the tests in January, and the tests will be given about two months earlier than last year. In this way the graduating students will know if they are eligible before school closes. Examinations will be given during the latter part of February in the following junior grades: administrative technician, agricultural economist, information assistant, librarian, meteorologist, olericulturist, plant breeder, poultry husbandman, range examinei*, rural sociologist, social psychologist, soil scientist, statistician, textile technologist, and veterinarian.
Weekly
DePaul University’s basketball team, which lost only one man by graduation last season, captained by an all-American second team, six foot, two inch guard, Stan Szukala, and a squad gunning for revenge for last season’s defeat handed them by Purdue, will come down from Chicago tomorrow night to trade shots with Piggy Lambert’s basketeers in the Fieldhouse. The
game starts at 7:30 p. m. WBAA Features Six
Vocalists In
Program Yesterday With malice toward glummy faces and with fun for all, the Campus Varieties presented its regular Saturday afternoon show in the grill lounge of WRH yesterday afternoon from 3 to 4 o’clock. The sh(^w was transmitted over WBAA, University radio station, through the medium of Hank Miller, WBAA an-
nouncer.
The show f eatui ed vocalists Darlene Mahns, Eddie Beardsly, Pat Heinev^Benny Burns, Bob Smith, and Charlie Powell. Irvan Maury’s orchestra provided accompaniment for the vocalists, and played the Hoagy Carmichael Song of the Week, “Vagabond Dreams.” “I’m Wondering Why” Maury’s orchestra played Clint Brown’s original composition, “I’m Wondering Why,” for the first time on the campus yesterday afternoon at the show, although Johnnie “Scat” Davis has been playing it at the Black Hawk in Chicago for the past several weeks. Charlie and the Girl Friends, swing quartet, with Rosemary at the piano, sang a number introduced by the Andrew Sisters and arranged by Vic Schoen, “Chico’s Love Song.” Next week’s show will include “Doc” Thrasher’s orchestra, Indiana University campus band that played at the Riveters' Rassle Friday night, and Bill Pirtle, Margaret Toreny, P. C. Miller, and Pat Heine as vocalists. Jim McKillis will play “Blues in F,” and another as yet unknown selection on the piano.
Last season DePaul tore at the Boilermakers in inspired fashion and surprised the crowd of six thousand to lead the Gold and Blacks, 17-16, at the close of the initial period, but a spirited Boilermaker rally carried the Purdue hopefuls to a ten point victory due to the efforts of Bob Igney and the then
Captain Gene Anderson.
Purdue’s Lineup?
Purdue’s starting lineup is definitely on the dubious side of the ledger. Bophomores on the Boilermaker roster are showing an edge over the vettrons dhring the initial practice sessions and during the opening game with Western Illinois State Teachers. However, past experiences have shown Coach Lambert that the veterans have the edge over sophomores when the chips are down in critical games such as con-
ference contests.
Sprowl and Tierney may get the starting call for forward and guard respectively, but then there is the possibility that Dan Fisher will get the beginning nod for a forward post. Eli Yeager, whose sophomore and junior play was more suitable later in the season, is a guard possibility instead of the soph, Tierney. Where’s Weber’s Wind^? Jake Weber, the big boy at center, who has been having trouble finding a method to keep pace with the race-horse style of basketball featured by Lambert fives, may take a swat at the first center jump. Captain Must Hussle Captain Fred Beretta, whose showing in practice sessions has been anything but encouraging, but who raised his prestige in the first game of the season, will be in the fracas for the opening kidcoff or tipoff or something. Sharp shooting Bob Igney, who can hit the iron— if he’s got a bit more time than an instant—^will start for certain at
one foi’ward.
Santa Claus Is Coming To Town; Or What Eds, Co-eds Do To Kill Time
By Jerry Mueller
Christmas comes but once a year and when it comes—to fraternities —pledges go to work. Plans are well underway in the various fraternities and sororities to facilitate the spreading of the old Christmas spirit among the poor kiddies. The various Greek organizations have embodied all sorts of ideas in their decorations which run the gauntlet of pledge parties to formal dances. The Union is blossoming out in its entirety with great gobs of green stuff (we don’t know what it is, maybe you do) hanging from the ceiling in the hopes that it will aid the rapid transit of old Saint Nick
from the north pole. Wrecked Home Life
But there is another angle to this long tale of human joys. Think of the poor trees. Ripped up by their roots and tom away from their mothers at such a tender age! Now isn’t that just too, too brutal ? Then like the “old pine” they are hauled away to the “mill.” Well, not exactly to the mill but somebody is going to chop them somewhere,
somehow.
Then, after this horrible punishment, they are stuck in the corner and piled high with ornaments and presents. How would you like all sorts of decorations hung on you while you stood for hours in a corner? Silly, is it? Go ahead, make fun of me, I’ll bet Santa Claus brings you a bundle of switches.
Well after several days of this torturous grind they are junked. And I do mean junked! Some of them are burned; briT reminds us of burning at th6 stake. The great majority are merely piled on the rubbish to be allowed to go the way of all good Christmas trees, the
decadent oblivion.
Confidentially kiddies it’s really not that bad, but after all there are two sides to every story. Anyhow it won’t be long now. Approximately nine class days (depending on whether you like to cut or not) remain before the school will look like the deserted cabin, and home wiU again be the place where-you beg for money instead of writing for it. Attention—Interesting ? We have a little admonition for all youse guys and gals. Remember, while you may be fortunate, there are others who are not so fortunate, so, remember when thinking of presents think of them in the same category. It may sound silly but perhaps there is something after all in the old slogan: “It’s better to give than to receive.” So long and we hope Santa Claus has something
you, too.
125 Couples ... danced to the music of Irvan Maury and their band in the Union ballroom from 9 to 12 last night at the regular Saturday night mixer.tiSSiS«sJ%;ffi'SH';wsffis «
CK'-'
;;;,:::;;iv.:.;,..Vir:;,
■ ■■■' ■'■' ■ . ■ '
1^:,' •V^.-
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday, December 10, 1939
But
By Vladimir
Note to VasileviQh: We strongly advise that you do not attend any more Campus Variety broadcasts as long as they are being held in the grill-lounge of the Women’s Residence Hall West. Or at least until the Hall has been made safe for dbmmunism. Remember the unsmiling lady who removed your friend’s coat to the cloak hall, Vasil ? Well, we have it on good authority that if you show up in her domain again, she will not only grab a coat and hang it up, but it will be YOUR coat, and you will be IN it! ' >
From now on. Comrades, WRH West is pronounced “Finland.” * * *
Which renjinds us of the radio report stating that Russian ■v
warplanes released bombs intended to destroy a Finnish water plant only to have them miss and hit the semi-nearby new Olympic Stadium. That, in chess jargon, amounts to Russia saying, with an eye on the Olympic Games, “Checkmate.” It’s your move, Games. War seems to dog your’very tracks. Perhaps the only answer as to what to do with the Games is to tie hand grenades to the javelin and discus, to let the relay men carry communiques instead of batons, and to build the hurdles out of barbed wire. Not to forget the laying of heavy mine fields in the Olympic Pool.
Purdue Exponent
Entered aa second class matter at the post office In Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congresa of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1106, act of October . 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekb^ during the Snmmeg Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 i>er year, mail subscription $8.60.
Editorial Board
R. E. Insley W. E. Smith..........
Editor-In-Chief ...Business Manager
D. 6. Terrio. G. W. Frederick— E. M. Antonini G. Schilling R. Jenkins
;—Managing Editor ... —Senior Adverrising Manager _..Oo-ed Editor — Sports' Editor
Junior Staff
Editorial R. F. DeHoog R. W. Donahue D.E.Heip]« J. H. McKee M.L.Mlere J. C. Willser
Business R. Fisher R. HaU A. Hite M. Hagemeyer T. Petty G. Cox, Sec.
Sports J. P. Dolan 8. D. Marquis M; M. Richards Co-ed M, Burtsfleld G. Oarroll B. Simpson
D. J
, Henninger, Art Director
PHONES
Editorial 4005
Sports 2792
Business 5038
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BY National Advertising l^rvice, Inc. CoHege Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York. N.Y. CHic/iGo / Boston • Los anoeles * San Francisco
This newapaper is written, edited and pnblbhed br undergraduate students of Purdue Uniyersltf. All ©pinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student (pinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the oflncial University viewpoint.
All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director.
Night Editor—Willsey Issue Editor—Purcell Sunday, December 10, 1939
We are going to take this; opportunity to introduce you to Clarence. He writes “Briefs.” Yep, that’s what he calls’em. “Briefs by Clarence.” We won’t tell you what we call ’em. * * ♦ - Clarence, we might as well begin, is the kind of a guy who goes around inventing: 1. Screen with big holes to keep out butterflies and little holes to keep out mosquitoes. 2. Three-sided coin to decide three sided questions. 3. Four-sided coin to decide foursided questions.
4. etc. He’s the kind of a guy who says, right in the middle of a column, “I pause at this point to cast a ripe tomato at the co-eds who persist in walking four abreast-—forcing me off the walk.” He’s the kind of a guy whom if you were walking down a narrow alley oh a very, very dark night and you should happen to come face to face with him—it would be two other guys. In short, we think he’s crazy. But we’re conservative. Keep your eyes open for “Briefs by Clarence.” * * * We’re keeping OUR eyes open for CLARENCE!
^thsh, £djllL
By Hank Miller
Another week has rolled around and another one is ready to start and still radio programs keep coming with something new. ' Evidently Garry Morfit hasn’t proved so popular as emcee of the six Walgreen shows coming over WENR. Starting today with the program titled “This Week’s Hit Tunes” which hits the ether from 12 to 1 p. m., Bill Anson will take over Garry’s place. Bill will also take over the 10 o’clock Final which hits the airwaves at 10 p. m. Monday through Friday. —e-e— Alec Templeton will have as his guests Monday night at 8 p; m. over WMAQ, the Andrew Sisters, who will present their version of “Well, All Right,” and “Ciribiribin.” Alec will give his latest musical burlesque “Mozart Marticulates” and Pat O’Malley, English comic, will introduce a new character.
today.... Orson Welles will present his version of “Vanessa” which was one of his screen successes and will feature him in the lead roll tonight. At 5 p. m. Clark Gable will make his third appearance on the Silver Theater playing the lead in an original comedy “For Richer, for Rich-
sions of “Blue Orchids,” “Blue Evening,” and “Blue Moonlight.” He’s becoming superstitious about it and his next recording will be “Blue Rain.” v
A little information from the band circuits now: Appropos of Artie Shaw’s Saturday Evening Post article stating the average dance band leader is “only a front, a window dressing,” his band is not breaking up as expected. Under the leadership of George Auld, tenor sax, the band has been booked for the next two months. Working cooperatively, they plan to continue, using Shaw’s arrangements with Auld taking Shaw’s clarinet solos on the saxophone. Shaw’s outstanding achievement, “Begin the Beguine,” is their theme. Glenn Miller, Bluebird batoneer, who’s featured on NBC’s Blue net, won increasing popularity with ver-
Many students will be sorry to hear that Glen Paxton, electric organist, played his last program over WBAA last Friday. Glen has suddenly decided to go to French Lick and will be there until April 1st at least. —e-e— Yours truly received a letter from Louise Edwards, conductor of the College Circuit over WFBM at 12:16 today, asking if we could be on her program today. After applying in the affirmative and asking what we were to do, she answered and just said to be there. Who knows what the program is to be?
-73—
Tonight at 5:30 over WMAQ, Eddie Duchin and his orchestra will pay his belated visit to the Fitch Bandwagon. Fans of Duchin will want to hear this show and get an insite on the maestro’s life. —e-e—; ; i CBS has another group of dramatic shows ready to take the air
ARC
TODAY - MONDAY
— AND —
BOB BURNS — IN — "ARKANSAS TRAVELER'
SHORT SUBIECT
STARTS TODAY
DARING ADVENTURE, THRILLING ROMANCE in the greatest sea drama, ever filmed!
LUNA
TODAY - MONDAY
with JANE WYMAN DICK FORAN GLORIA DICKSON MAXIE ROSENBLOOM
This column is also one of honest opinion(?). Whatever ypu don’t like or Want to gripe about, well, let’s hear it! We guarantee that we’ll print it. Letters we have received concerning other students are bur meat—^we love ’em—^here’s one now (an answer to the “Eds” in yesterday’s comment): —B&B— I think I know who the “rat” is that told on the co-ed engineer. She was a friend of mine and she is like that—always jealous and wanting to make trouble. I think it was a dirty trick to pull when she said that the co-ed engineer “sent in the contrib about herself”—^I’d like to see her panned and made look very foolish. She is a dirty rat; in fact, I hate her now!—another co-ed. P. S.: For two Mars passes. I’ll tell you her name.... —B&B— Dear Co-ed: By ;your letter, you seem rattier than she. You’d pan you’re pal for two Mars passes—is that all friendship means to you? I’d rather you didn’t send in her name—^however, I’d like to know yours. You see, we have some decency!—B & B Editor. —B&B— Warren Kerr Bernhard, frosh, had a ten minute date last night with a Northwestern co-ed. The sap spent one buck and eighty cents talking (shooting the breeze) to her over the telephone, just to find out if she still loved him! —B&B— ... which reminds me. If I had quadruplets, I’d name them Eeney, Meeney, Miney and Charlie. I wouldn’t want any “Moe”! / —B&B— It stinks—I know it! —B&B— Stranger things have happened, but I don’t know where. When Janice Yeoman’s skirt turns up in the Phi Kappa’s laundry, it’s the last straw. Going in for the skirts, boys?
Seniors May Buy Personnel Sheets
Seniors wishing to take advantage of an opportunity to buy their personnel sheets before the beginning of next semester may purchase them at the Activities Bureau desk in the Union lobby any afternoon this week from 4 to 6:30 p. m. Seniors may obtain information concerning their records and fill out blanks at this time. According to Jim. Lemon, Activities Bureau Junior Manager, the desk: will be maintained for a week in order to give seniors who are seeking jobs the opportunity to fill
STARTS TODAY
f TYRO'^jQ^^NTlC- --^,
has NEVE* romance bccM such
oat
U’s'
WARREN WILLIAM BINNIE BARNES WENDY BARRIE JOAN DAVIS! — EXTRA — "THE MONROE DOCTRINE" All Color Historical FeatureHe
GRIN AND BEAR
By Uchty
“Gad ! I wish I was only six years old and had only a dollar to spend!”
out personnel sheets in an efficient manner. The Activities Bureau takes the responsibility of getting senior’s pictures from the personnel office, and, this year, the cuts will be turned over to the applicants with their data sheets.
l/n/on To Present Portrait Painting During 2000 Years
artist’s life and a few facts' concerning the picture itself. These should enable students who are not familiar Witirthe works to acquire an insight on the artist’s thought. Union officials will place a box in the music room in an effort to determine student reaction to the exhibit. All criticism and suggestions for future exhibits will be welcomed by the Union officials in charge of the exhibit.'
Ari exhibit tracing the development of portrait painting during the last 2000 years will go on exhibit in the music room of the Union tomorrow. The exhibit is loaned to the University by Raymond and Raymond Co. of New York arid will be here until January 2. Earliest example of portrait work which will be on exhibit is a sculptured head of an Egyptian queen which dates back to approximately 300 B. C. Portraits by Leonardo da Vinci, Rembrandt, Gainsborough, Cezanne, and Alexander Brooks, contemporary American artist, are also included in the exhibit. Explanatory Note Each picture is accompanied by a brief explanatory note covering the
Model Airplane Builders Will Hold Contest Today In Fieldhouse From 1 To 5
University model airplane builders will spread their wings in the Fieldhouse today. The contest will begin at 1 o’clock and continue until 6. The models must be of the rise off the groiAd type, and must not have over thirty square inches of wing area. Last Sunday a similar contest was held. The longest flight was 4 minutes, 33 seconds, made by the piodel built by Dick Sladek. The contest is open to everyone, and the public is invited to attend the flights.
tiAlll
NOW SHOWI NG DOUBLE FEATURE
"A Man To Remember" in a Picture You'll Never Forget! One Day a Respected District Attorney ... The Next an Outcast in His Own Town! WHICH IS THE GREATER DUTY . . . to His D. A.'s Oath or to His His Daughter?
IT'S FIRST RUN
PARS! roilGSTVu. JOTgML FAVORITES... HERE COMES 1939s ALL-AMERICAW LAUGH-RACK!9<
i
r
Sunday, December 10, 1939
^xpomnL fiaqsL
Fielder s Choice by Robert JF. Deckard Designed to curb abuses and promote higher standards of conduct in inter-collegiate athletics, the Western Conference arose from the baptismal fount in 1895, when seven mid-west-ern college presidents got together and hashed out some of the complexities facing athletic circles at that time. fc- ''
Chicago, Illinois, Minnesota, Michigan, Wisconsin, Purdue, and Northwestern were original members in the Western Conference setup, with Indiana and Iowa simultaneously joining the seven in 1899 and Ohio State becoming a member in 1912. —fc— • “The Western Conference is unique in one respect,” Dick Etkin, sports columnist of the Daily Northwestern, said recently in appraising the conference organization. “It has no written constitution, being governed b y precedent and legislation of its governing body, the factulty representatives,” he continues. “Each member institution has a single representative and a single vote on the faculty conference, and each representative must be a member of the faculty of his university and one who does not receive i)ay primarily for service connected with athletics or physical education at his institution.”
His duty to help in the enforcement of eligibility requirements and. in propagating its ideals of sportsmanship, an athletic commissioner has been employed by the conference. Major John L. Griffith of Chi|cago has been commissioner of the Big Ten since the past was established. —fc— . Griffith is not called upon to initiate charges of the violation of conference regulations, says Etkins, who has kept an eye peeled on faculty representatives and Griffith when they convened in Chicago this week-end. “His office serves as a clearing house,” Etkins writes. Reports of supposed violations are given at this agency for investigations of such cases.as'mentioned above. —^fc— Meeting in December, and again in May in connection with the outoutdoor track and field championships, the faculty representatives convene twice each' year, with their
Vo/s Defeat Auburn 7-0. In Close Game By defeating Auburn, to the tune of 7-0, the University of Tennessee finished the present football season with the remarkable record of no defeats and having not been scored upon. The Tennessee club, with the pressure definitely on them, because a defeat meant that the Vols might be eliminated from the invitation to the Rose Bowl game in Pasadena on the day after New Years, was tightened throughout the fracas as the score indicates. The Tennessee touchdown was scored by John Butler after two plays had netted a 68 yard spurt for the win margin.
legislation running in two veins. Rules, regulations and standards of conduct of athletics, such as restrictions as number of games, limits of practice sessions, and rules of eligibility, are discussed both pro and con, and usually various decisions are promulgated at the^e conferences relative to the welfare of the conference. —^fc— As mentioned above, Ohio State was the last member to get into the conference, but there is not a rule or regulation to prevent more universities entering the Big Ten. Pittsburgh has contemplated doing it several times in recent years.
Popular Coach Starts 23rcl Season
By J. P. D. Coach Piggy Lambert, Purdue’s nationally known basketball coach, is beginning his twenty-third basketball season as hardwood director here at Purdue. His teams have won and shared more Big Ten Conference titles than any other conference ^five since Piggy has been “tell’n the lads how it’s done.” Piggy Was Fast Before coming, to Purdue, Lambert was one of these fast dribbling floor guards you used to hear about. He played for Wabash College down in Crawfordsville, a town 26 miles south of Lafayette. It is said by the old timers that Lambert could dribble from Crawfordsville to Lafayette, to Lebanon and back home again in one continuous dribble. Maybe a little hyperbole, but the old time files of newspapers can prove that Ward was a master of the art of bouncing a ball. He was not only a master of the hardwood game, but he excelled in the classroom as well. He holds a master’s degree in chemistry. Invents Fast Stuff Lambert is a great exponent and inventor of the famous fast break, and his coaching and suggestions have brought about so many alterations and inventions for the game of basketball that he is known as the dean of basketball coaches.
Under the coaching of Lambert, more all-Americans have been developed than under any other coach . . . not all-Americans picked by
different news bureaus, but the real McCoy. Probably the greatest all-Ameri-can developed by Lambert was Johnnie Wooden, froin Martinsville, Indiana, who made the real allAmerican basketball team for three
He’s Here Again Do Your Xmas Shopping Early
Merchants are ready with the finest display of Christmas merchandise ever assembled. The streets are ablaze with colorful lights—the shops decked in gay holiday attire. The whole city is transformed into a festival of merry making. This is a picture of Lafayette. Do your shopping in Lafayette before going home Christmas.
PATRONIZE LOCAL MERCHANTS
Dreams Came True . . . for Jim Purvis, without a doubt the hardest driving backfield man ever to wear the colors of the gold and black in gridiron competition during the Purdue schedules of the past decade, because now Jim is general manager of a huge ranch in Arizona. Jim graduated in 1932 after two seasons of regular play in which he demolished enemy lines as a tank would. While an undergijaduate he was seen wearing the clothes of the westerner many times; however, he was from Matoon, Illinois—a town about as westernized as West Lafayette. Now Jim can wear his dream clothes and be conventional.
ATTENTION STUDENTS It Is Not Too Late to Enroll in Our NEW BALLROOM DANCING CLASSES Beginner's Wed., Dec. 13, 7:00 p. m. Advanced Thurs., Dec. 14, 7:00 p. m. New Classes for Children Open Saturday, Jan. 6th BALLET TAP BALLROOM Phone 2150 ALLEN’S 6th&rerry
PURDUE SPECIALS to NEW YORK CHICAGO - CLEVELAND - BUFFALO - ALBANY - BOSTON Travel in Student Groups: Reduced Rates. Airconditioned Comfort. De Luxe, Reclining Chair Cars. Reasonable Lunches, Sandwiches, etc. Lv. Lafayette December 20th 5:30 p.m. Ar. CHICAGO December 20th 8:00 p.m. Lv. Lafayette December 20th 5:30 p.m. Ar. CLEVELAND December 2l8t l:00a,m. Ar. BUFFALO December 21st 4:30 a.m. Ar. NEW YORK December 21st 12:15 p.m. Return Service, Leave New York 11:40 p.m., ET, Tuesday; Leave Boston 8:10 P|.m., ET, Jan. 2nd; Leave Buffalo 8:25 a.m. ET, Jan 3rd; Leave Cleveland 12:25 p.m. ET, Jan. 3rd; Arrive Lafayette 6:00 p.m., C.T., Jan. 3rd. Purchase tickets in the STUDENT SENATE OFFICE, Room “A”, UNION BUILDING, during the following office hours:— December 11th to 15th Inclusive 4:00 p.m. to 5:45 pan. December 16th 1:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m. December 18th and 19th 4:00 p.m. to 5:45 pan. December 18th and 19th.‘. 7:00 pan. to 9:00 p.m. December 20th 4:00 p.m. to train departure
HERBERT FISHBURN President, Student Senate Phone 4005 NEW YORK CENTRAL SYSTEM
years in a row, ’30, ’31, and '32. Those were the years when Purdue won the conference title three years in a row. Preceding Wooden was the giant Stretch Murphy, of Marion, Indiana, the all-American center in ’29, and Don White, ’26, now .head coach at Connecticut Sthte
College.
Then came the present reign of all-Americans for Purdue fans to watch, including Norm Cottom of Terre Haute, Bob Kessler of Anderson, and Jewell Young, of La-
fayette.
Cottom In The Crowd Cottom was one of the fastest dribblers of the leather that has ever entered Purdue. There was little deception in his playing. His method was taking a pass in the vicinity of the foul circle and suddenly driving through guards for two npints, the most difficult set of points to obtain in the game. Over in the Jefferson H. S. gym where Purdue played its games during Gottorn’s stay here, in ’33 j ’34, and ’36, Norm used to end up somewhere four or five rows up in the bleachers after a drive under the iron, because the fans were seated right down to the floor’s edge. Kessler, A Player? When Piggy brought Bob Kessler to the Boilermaker institution, people contemplated putting Ward in a mental hospital for a cure for something that hits us quickly and demoralizes a heretofore good mind. Blit Piggy knew what he was doing; he saw something in that six foot lanky, lord-awful, awkward lad from Anderson, and in Kessler’s junior year fans also began to “see” Kessler. In that year Bob made the all-American team as he did in his senior year. Kessler’s deadly shot was an awkward left-handed push from the foul lanes after coming from a corner to take a pass from the Purdue guards. Up into the ozone would go Bob and so would the guards. The defense men would take a swat at the direction that an ordinary ball would leave the orthodox atUete’s hands, but Kessler was unorthodox, and thus a basket, but what a sight! Guards soon became desperate, fouling Bob all over the place. The Anderson lad was good natured andreceived his punishment for being a hardwood monstrosity in the best of humor, something we’ve never noticed in any other Boilermaker
athlete.
Young And A Record The play of Jewell Young is not news to many of Purdue’s students, as the Lafayette flash, now coaching at Southport H.'S., just south of Indianapolis, graduated in ’38, after setting a conference scoring record that wasn’t approached in the past season of ’38-’39. Although not a holder of the conference scoring record for one game, which is 30 points, by Ernie Andres of Indiana, made against Hlinois in ’38, Young twice made twenty-nine points, and in his last game of his college career he totaled twentynine digits with the thirty-first on ''the hoop only to roll off as the gun fired ending the most hectic battle ever staged in the Fieldhouse, because every member of the crowd was keeping score that night after Young had hit his twentieth point. Chicago was the opponent that evening, and during the last few minutes the entire Chicago team was taking a hand at guarding the then tiring Young, and what a physical beating he took! His pals, Johnnie Sines, a forward, and brilliant Pat Malaska, at guard, were doing everything in their power to get the ball into Young but all of Chicago was hanging on that next basket that would make 31 points and “Bri^” (Young’s nidsname) just couldn’t get it down the chimney. - Piggy has a fighting team this year with little or no all-American material on the roster, but he’s worked miracles before, maybe the seas will roll back again for him. Greek Matmen Weigh In Tomorrow For Tourney Interfraternity wrestlers, who open the tournament at the Fieldhouse Tuesday, will weigh in on the intramural scales between 4 and 6:30 o'clock tomorrow evening.* Only one person from each fraternity may enter in any one weight class. Schedules for the first day’s matches will appear in Tuesday’s Exponent.
X.THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday, December 10, 1939^
Combined Choirs Will Offer Two Programs Sunday
Climaxing the last of this year’s Sunday convocations, the combined University and Concert Choirs will offer two programs Sunday, December 17, in Eliza Fowler Hall. Due to the enthusiastic response accorded the group last year, performances will be given at 4:30 and 8 p. m.
The program will be opened by organ music followed by the entrance of the singing groups. A men’s choir of 100 voices and a women’s choir of equal numbers, both groups dressed in white, will be situated in the balconies on opposite sides of Fowler Hall Christmas trees will be used to sci’cen the choirs from' the audience, producing an angelic effect.
Following a carol sing by the entire gathering, the choirs will unite in presenting a cantata “The Story of Christmas,” by Matthews.
Concert Choir On the stage, the Concert Choir, dressed in gold satin robes and knepling at a white V-shaped altar, will serve as a nucleus for the enactment of the familiar pageant depicting the birth of the Christ child.
Soloists for the antiphonal are: Alberta Schmal, Marjorie Williamson, and Mary Johnston, sopranos; Marvin Smith, Elmer Carlquist, and Harold Schulte, tenors; and Robert Stanley, baritone. Albert Schnaible will serve as organist; Jeanne Miller will offer selections on the harp; and Rosemary Robinson will play the celesta.
Following the afternoon convo, the singing groups and the University orchestra are to be guests at a banquet in the Memorial Union ballroom.
John F. Miller, '03, Alumnus, Dies
John F. G. Miller, ’03, widely known among University men as “Long John” and one of the University’s most famous athletes, died suddenly Saturday at his home in Boston, Massachusetts, of coronary thrombosis.
He was vice president of the B. F. Sturevant Company of Boston, and was serving, at the time of his death, as president of the Purdue club of Boston. He was noted for his loyalty to the University, had visited the campus frequently, and supported many of its projects.
Outstanding Record Mr. Miller was graduated in mechanical engineering in 1903 and left behind him an outstanding record, including four years of football, center on the basketball team, and three years on the track team. He was editor-in-chief of the Debris, Avas Wilbur Scholar his junior year, and was active in the University in general. He was a member of the Phi Delta Theta fraternity, and was a member of Tau Beta Pi. He was also athletic coach at Earlham College from 1903 to 1905.
Dodgers Get Iowa Star
Trade winds blew Nile Kinnick, Iowa’s much publicized athlete, to the Brooklyn Dodgers football team for the coming pro season^of ’40, and George Cafego, Tennessee’s remarkable backfield man to the Chicago Cardinals for the same season. However, neither of these men have to sign any pro contracts to play ball, but if they do they must put their John Henry on the line designated then by the pro football decisions made yesterday in the meeting for professional team officers held yesterday in Milwaukee.
Southern Cal Is Tied
Southern California, playing its ancient rival, UCLA, met the fate that all undefeated team dread to meet, a tie in the last game. The contest was evenly fought, with both teams gathering ten first downs during the afternoon of grid play. However, Southern Cal remains the Rose Bowl representative for the West,
P. K. Frolich Will Speak To AChS Club Thursday On Xhemkal Extradion'
Motor Film: There will be a showing: of sound films on difficult terrain, marching, and stream crossings by motor units of Field Artillery Tuesday, December 12, in room 129 of the E. E. building. All sophomores note. —WHITE. •
P. K. Frolich will be the speaker at the meeting of the local chapter of the American Chemical Society which will be held in room 211 of Stanley Coulter Hall Thursday evening at 7:30 p. m., according to a statement from Prof. F. J. Allen, of the chemistry department. Frolich, who is Director of Research for the Standard Oil Company of New Jersey, will discuss the extraction of certain chemicals from petroleum hydrocarbons. The meeting will follow a dinner which will be held in the Union at 6 o’clock. A cordial invitation is issued by AChS officials to all who are interested in attending the meeting.
ClassififBd Ads
FOR SALE
FOB SALE—Typewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, PHrchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
FOB SALE—Wardrobe trunk in splendid., condition. Price $10. Call for at Union Check Room.
FOR RENT
BUSS’ RENT-A-CAR SERVICE. Phone 71644 after 6 p. m. Minimum $2.00—$2.60. All night.
FOB RENT—Large double room near Fieldhouse. Outside entrance. Phone 66083.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Keuffel and Esser Drawing Set, Special Arrow. Reward. Return to or call Cary Hall, North, Room 109.
Notices
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
Scrivener Club: There will be a meeting tonight, Sunday, December 10, at 7 :30 p. m., at 210 Waldron St. Bring manuscripts. —MUNRO.
Sophomore Union Workers: My staff will meet in the Union office Monday, December 11, at 4:30 p. m. —HOFFER.
Triton Club: Acqueade ballet practice on Monday, December 11, at 7 :15 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. ' —SPEARS.
Skull and Crescent: Regular meeting on Tuesday, December 12, at 7 :30 p. m. at the Phi Kappa Psi house. —BELLIS.
Sigma Delta Chi: Turn in Riveters’ Rassle tickets and money to me Tuesday, December 12, at 4 p. m., in tbe Exponent office. —DECKARD.
Modern Dance Group: Junior and senior groups will have regular practice Tuesday, December 12, at 4 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. —KNIGHT.
PIA Dance Class: There will be a meeting Tuesday, December 12, at 7 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. All co-eds are invited. Popular recordings will be used. —KNIGHT.
Exponent Co-eds: Meeting in office Tuesday, December 12, at 4 p. m. Assignments for co-ed edition on Thursday, December 14, will be made at this time. —SCHILLING.
Chi Epsilon: All pledges and actives will meet at C. E. Building at 4 p. m. Tuesday, December 12. —CORNELL.
PIA Workers: Report at PIA office on Monday, December 11, at 4 p. m. Important. —HOOVER.
Use EXPONENT Classified Ads
Dolphins and Tritons: Aquacade pictures Tuesday, December 12, and Thursday, December 14, at 7 p. m. in the Fieldhouse pool. —HARRIS.
the Purdue Exponent. Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Hardware
• Florists
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. l^one 4354
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
• Dairy Products
• Locksmith
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
KEYS & LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, riighf latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing, MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phono 2828
PIA Members: Constitution will be amended at meeting in PIA office Monday, December 11, at 7 p. m. You are invited to attend. —HINSHAW.
Agricultural Chemistry Club: Regular meeting will be held Tuesday evening at 7 :30 p. m. in the Ag. Chem. library. —HARPER.
WAA Rifiery Tournament: Schedule for Tuesday, December 12, and Thursday, December 14: Tuesday, December 12: 6:30—^Ward I; 6:46, Ward II; 7:00, Glenwood House; 7:30, Women’s Residence Hall, Ntorth; 7 :46, The Gables ; 8:00, Kappa Kappa Gamma: 8:16, Alpha Chi Omega; 8:80, Thaeles: 8:46, Kappa Alpha Theta; 9:00, Delta Gamma. Thursday, December 14:—6:80, Ward III; 6:45, Ward IV ; 7:00, Women’s Residence Hall, South ; 7 :16. Women’s Residence Hall, ■West; 7:30, Chi Omega ; 7 :45, Pi Beta Phi: 8:00, Riley House; 8:15, S.H.E. House; 8 :30, Twin Pines ; 8 :46, Alpha XI Delta. —HARRISON.
Fencers: Following men report to the Fieldhouse at 4 p. m., Monday, December 11: Redhead, Parks, Bauman, Krohn, Huffman, Gayer, Bernard, Levin, Donnellar, McRae, Fraser, McCarthy, Burl, Thray, Triplett, Lafel, Keeler, McConahay, Oakes, Jones. —rWEDDY.
Chi Epsilon: Formal initiation Wednesday, December 13, at 6:30 p. m. in room C of the Union. Banquet will start immediately after the initiation. —CORNELL.
Newman Club: Regular Newman club breakfast following 9:30 mass, Sunday, Dec. 10. —NESIUS.
Student Senate: Please come to Senate office and sign the hours during which you can work at the election, Tuesday, December 12. —ESTEY.
Reamers: All members return unsold tickets and money to me by Monday, December 11. —HITCHCOCK.
SAE Members: All who want to go to Indianapolis on Thursday afternoon, December 14, should sign up immediately on the SAE bulletin board in the basement of the ME building. Plan to go to the International Harvester engine plant in the afternoon and the Indiana section SAE meeting at night. Anyone with a car is especially welcome. —CAHILL.
Seniors: Personnel Data Sheets are available at the Activities Bureau office for $3.86 a hundred. Seniors are urged to take advantage of this streamlined way of impressing employers. _ (12-16) —BREUER.
Kappa Delta Pi: All KDP members who plan to attend the Christmas party Tuesday, December 12, should sign up in Miss McFarland’s office. Bring a 10c gift. —NEAL.
All Students: Color movies of such places as Pompei, Persia, and Turkey will be shown Tuesday, December 12, at 7 p. m. in Coulter Hall. *—LAMB.
Triton Club: Aquacade ballet practice Saturday, December 9, at 1:30 p. m. in the ■Women’s Gym. —SPEARS.
Theta Alpha Phi: Initiation at 4 :30 p. m. Sunday, December 10, in reception room of the Union. All pledges must be at rehearsal at 9 a. m. in the reception room. Alumni and actives are requested to attend. —HETTEMA.
Union Sophomores: Our committees please meet Monday, December 11, at 4 p. m. in the Union office. —BROOKS, SEIBERT.
Meredith Club: Style show volunteer models, only those who are club members and size 16, come to HE building, room 107, at 4 p. m. Monday, December 11. —QUINN.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held at 7 :30 p. m. Tuesday, December 12, in room F of the Union. —FRANTZREB.
HER
IDEA OF CHRISTMAS
IS A
GIFT
FOR BEAUTY
and what’s more appropriate than a fine bottle of Imported French Perfume?
Early this Fall before the nations of Europe engaged in the war; we made our commitments on imported perfumes at prevailing low prices ... so today we can offer you the finest selection at decided savings. While our stocks are more complete than ever, the demand has^increased and we urge prospective purchasers to make their selections now from a complete stock.
Among the many lovely imported Perfumes are:
• Schiaparelli
Lanvin D’Orsay
• Arden ... • Lentheric
Worth
Shocking $12.50 to $27. Spin and Win $5 Music Box $10, Book of Hearts $8, Salute $10, Soucis , $10, My Sin $3,00 to $11, Belle Du Jour < $3.50 to $7, Le Dandy $1.65 to $5, Trophee I3, Night and Day $1.50 to $5, Blue Grass $1.25 to $12, Tweed $1.25 to$7, Miracle $1.25 to $7, - Anticipation $2.50 to$15. A Bientot $1.25 to $9, Shanghai $1.50 to $5. Numero No. 12 $1.50 to $11, Golliwogg $4.50 to $7, Heure Intime $1.50 to $3, Secret of Suzanne $2.50 to $5, Je Revien $3.00 to $6. Doux Jasmin $3.50 to $9, Danger $12. Chevalier de la Nuit $8, Reflexions $5, Surrender $5.00 to $10. Cassandra $3.50 to I Bamboo $3.00 to Zibeline $4.25 to $15 Shalimar ^ $10.00 to $18 Mitsoko $5.00 to $6, Le Tabac Blond $6, Bellodgia , $6.00 to $19, French Can-Can $7.00 to $20, Fleur de Rocaille $8.00 to $14, Christmas Night $10.00 to $36, Tzgane $8.00 to $15,
j Toujour Moi $1.35 to $18.
Ardent Night $7.50 to $12. Possesion $7.'50 to $12, and many more to numerous to mention here.
• Ciro
Weil
• Guerlain • Caron ..
• Corday
.50 ,00 ,00 ,50 ,00 ,00 ,00 ,50 .50 ,00 ,00 ,00 ,00 ,00 .00 ,00 ,00 ,00 50 ,75 ,00 ,50 ,50
.00 .50 .00 .50 .50 .50
,00 .00 ,50 .00 ,25 00 00 50 00 50 50 50
Toiletries Section L Street Floor, Front
I
k i
-^1