5A-,
(
13i FOftDHAM, 0 iAYLOR,7;TEXAS,7 M»NNESOTA,9; NEBRASkA;b NOtRtl3A/«iE, 20; NAVY, 13
-auii-c- 1,^.':
-i > 4'^
. ^■' ....,•,. , ., , ■>; .„ , , :■, ■ J; ;.. .. I ^,. i >.:. i i- ■■«, '»
Moldormait Defeats Wili;
Coaqh Hermoii Phillips’ powerful band of cross country runners added anotber sca,lp. to their belt yesterday morning, when they captured the Big State Cross Country Meet and took the Of own frOtti a defending Indiana teaih. Captain Ed HOldefman Of PurduCi and Fred Wilt Of Indiana, fOught a brilliant duel OV-ef ihb f'oUf ftiile cOiifsO, but in a driving finish in the lasthalf ihiM,|Ioldefman foared honie ih first place tO avenge his dejfea’t at Wilt’s hand, earlier this year.
Eafiham Wthis'''
A well balanced team from Earlham pulled the surprise of the day by beating a favored Butler squad for the title in the Little State Meet. A freld ot 67 run- .,'r .'..iiv ; i'- ■"■ t.:.-- -j.y, ,■ ■■ ners braved the frigid temperature to riin iri the ahtlual rheet. The thoroughly frozen dftiwd of ciensi'd'erable size, sibbd shivering oh the grdiihde, and marvelled at the determination 'of a bunch of boys -who would strip doVn to the equivalent of lih^erwegr and then run four gruelling
miles eh such a day. ,
; The Riveters’ yict.ory, was no surprise to.their coach and to the loyal fans who have watched the • team’s progress .this year, for theaquad entered the meet y^ith an unbeaten record aiid a line-up, that has never been; equalled on, this, campus, for
balance.: Six out' of the first .eleven uou.s msung o,.^ hnisherS;Wore the. Gold .and Black. ' minute each w,ll begin in the seven The decisiveness of, the Riveter vie- Armory,, pim ring for torydah best be appreciated by com- f seven weight classes.
Winners of these bouts will con-
Lanky Bd
Rachmaninoff Tomght Marks End AtConvocation Of Horticulfure's This Afternoon
kblii StoHitI Threcifs For
Tomorrow evening at 4 p. m, the
purtain • will rise on the annual Freshman Military Boxing Tournament. This year’s tournament contains the. names of more than 500
entrants. . , Elimination bouts lasting
paring the team’s score of 28 points to the 51!points for Indiana and Nd-
(Continded bii h^ge 3)
Mr. Dale Knouse, chief .engineer of the Aluminum Company of Amer-
tinue to, fight elimination matches until four men remain in each class. Thdse four winners will ipeet in the , semi-final bouts which will be held in the Armory on November 17. Finals Later In Month ' From the semi-final matches two finalists and an alternate will be selected. The finals will be held in the Fieldhouse, November 26, at 7 p. m. Winners of each of the seven weight classes will be crowned that
ica, will speak on the topic “Power night.
Requirements of a Growing Alum- The champion of each weight class inum Company of America’’ at the will receive a gold medaf and a citanext meeting of the A.I.E.E. The tion; I'unners up will receive a silsession will be held at 7:30 p. m. ver medal and eight merits; and alWfednesday, Nov. 12, in room 254 of ternates in each class will receive the Electrical Engineering Building, a bronze medal and six merits. All those who are interested are in- Others entered in the, tournament vited to attend. ' will receive merits, varying in numSinee the aluminum industry has ber according to .the fights in which been expanding rapidly,, its engin- they have participated, coring needs are. attracting the in- Entries At Health Service terest of many engineers. The pow- Entries must show medical cerer: reqiurements are also increas- tificates which can be secured at the ing, necessitating more , engineers, student Health Service, before The Lafayette branch of the Alum- wreighing in. Each entry must furinurn Company is an example of ^ish his own personal equipment,
the rapidly growing industry. The ,
Lafayette plant has. grown to. be A ' one of the largest factoi’ies of its , '■ ^ kind in the country, extrudingstruc- PJjX DaHCG ClBSS
tural shapes in aluminum.
■ There will be a geYeral discussion . . . will be . held, Tuesday at the with group questions following the regular time instead of the regular principal Speech at the meeting, meeting on Monday^ All coeds are m.l.g. , especially invited to attend.
. . . Holdermah, Captain of the Grbss Country team, ran a sensatiohal, race over th'e four miles of mUddy course to nose out his old rival, Fred Wilt of I ndiana, in the Big State Meet here yesterday. Ed trailed Wilt for three and one-half miles of the course, and with only a half rnile Ifeft to .run, turned on a powerful finish drive that carried him across the tape in first place, about 35 yards ahead of the lU runner. Ed's time was the best he has ever made on the four mile circuit, despite the adverse weather conditions and a sloppy track. Flight'Training Course Big Success At University Captain Laurence I. Aretz, manager of the University Airport, reported today that a total of 475 persons have received or are receiving the CAA flight training course since the program started on Feb. 16, 1939. The report by Captain Aretz showed that 310 of the eprollees signed for the primary training course, and 85, men took the advanced training course, in which more intimate functions of the plane and aerial acrobatics were a part. The other 80 participants in the program were divided among the cross country course, the apprentice and advanced instructors courses, and the increasingly popular primary instructors course. ,
Third University Convocation of ' the semester, which will be held this afternoon at 3, Will feature Sergei Vassilieyich Rachmaninoff, Rus-sian-born pianist - conductor - coihppser who will present tl program of piano music in the Music Hall. Although Rachmaninoff gained early fame as a conductor, having conducted the MOscov/ Symphony Orchestra and the Moscow Private ■ 6]p0ra in Russia, he„feCently refused ah offer to conduct the Boston Symphohy Orchestra in favor of being a concert pianist and cOnippser. Among his compositions is the “Prelude in C Sharp Minor^’ lie is now a citizen of the United States having been exiled from his native land following the revolution of 1919. / . Today’s Program . According to information released yesterday afternoon by Prof. J. T. Gunn, chairman of the faculty committee in charge of Convocations and public lectures, the program for this afternoon’s concert will be as follows: . .. \ ■ I Organ Prelude and Fugue in ' A Minor Bach-Liszt II Sonata Appassionata .... Beethoven 1. Allegro Assai 2. Andantmcbn Moto 3. Allegro ma non Troppo III ■ 1. Impromptu in A Flat ' Minor .Schubert ,2. The Trout ........ Schubert-Liszt Intermission IV 1. Nocturne in D Flat ' Major Ohopin 2. Two Mazurkas !........ Clloihn V ; ■ Humoresque ) Daisies ) .... Rachmaninoff Oriental Sketch ) (Continued on page 4) ^ Meyer Simon Will Speak Af Armistice Day Banquet At 6 p. m. on Tuesday, November II, in the Home Economics Building cafeteria, the Annual Armistice Day Banquet sponsored by the Peace Committee of the Purdue Religious Council will be held. Meyer H. Simon, Rabbi of the Temple Israel, director of the Hillel Foundation, and president of the Lafayette Kiwanis Club will be the speaker of the evening.
T^ii Thousand Attend Annual Display Tonight will mark the close of the twenty-first ahhuM Horticulture Show which has h'een in progress at the Hofticultui'e Building since Friday. It is expected that more than 10,■000 visitors ivill hhve seen the displays by closing time. In the main show room is the greatest single attraction of the show, a giant bushel basket of vegetables produced here in Indiana. This exhibit signifies the part Indiana horticulture plays in the present national defense program, and the basket is overflowing to show the abundance of vegetables produced in Indiana. Peru Farmer Is Judge Roger P. Kraning, prominent Peru fruit grower, has been appointed head of the frhit judging at the show. Kraning has orchards which are the scene of many inspections by commercial growers as well as students. One of the eye-catching exhibits is that of a wide variety of native nuts. There are rows upon rows of plates of the hard-shelled fruits for the visitors’ inspection. A new variety, the hican, a cross between the hickory and the pecan .caused consi cjerable comment among the early visitors. • . Flowers Sold At Auction Tomorrow all the prize-winning e.xhibits . Will be sold_ to the public.' This includes plants, flowers, veg:etables, fruit, and nuts. All the fruit remaining at 4 o’clock will be sold at auction. Campus Rouhdiable Airs Timely Topics “Freedom of the Seas’’ will be the topic of Professor P. E. Lull’s “Campus Roundtable,” to be heard over WBAA. tomorrow evening at 7:30 o’clock, The second in the new series of weekly discussions, made_ up of students in Prof. Lull’s Group Discussion 106 class,;will be directed at the United States’ neW Wartime policy of shipping. Each week the group discusses political and economical problems of both national and local interest. Last Monday’s broadcast was on “How Should the Government Handle Defense Strikes ? ”
■t
Zeke Zec^//!a;,^Cf .|Cic|t^p/^ffjg Specialist, Is Unsung Hero Of Navy's Oridiroh kiachine
By Bob DeMars He is.the.unsung hero of football. His.'joij can be compared to that of a bullpen catcher, for although the wpl'k he does is vastly important, it is not, sensational enough to merit' apy .such degree of publicity that is lavished upon backfield stars and rugqed linemen, He is the man who holds the ba.U for the man who kick's the point after touchdown. Credit Goes to Kicker All sorts of adjectives of praise are hcap'ed upon , a player whose good fortune it is to come through for the ole alma matei- and snatch victory from defeat at the last moment with a well aimed kick that splits tbe uprights, and hb doubt this praise is well founded, ,, , That is.ai} very Well and, good; but there haa never been a giiy yet that can kick,a goal When the ball is leaning toward the past grandstand like a landlubber in a storm. Now then, that is where our unsung hero epters upon the sepne in ail his obscurity and performs his little role which is; over in a veiy fqw moments. But what moments! The minute or so that it takes for the try for conversion is jammed
with suspense,, excitement, joy, and —soi'ro.w,,, for many a game has been decided by sq .small a thing as a point after touchdown. Defenseless Position Place yOdrself, if, you can,, in the position of the man Whose job it is to hold the ball fpr his teammate while he boots the extra point. His kneeling position in itself places him at a.decided disadvantage, fol he is defenseless against the charges of opposing linesmen. , He has to take the pass from center, and as is Lrequently, the case he has to fish for it wfien the ball skids along, the ground and bounds crazily aWay from him. He has to get the pigskin down in the proper spot at the proper angle in a. split second, and then crouch thcreiidping fervently that some 210 pound tackle .with a .savage glint in his eye, doesn’t come roaring through and roll him out like a pie crust. Does Hi.s Part Then after the kick has been made, and all the players pound each other on the back in their anxiety, the inconspicuous hero of the whole affair walks slowly away, con-
tent in the knowledge thtit he has done his bit.. As is usually the case, one oFthe backfield men is assigned the job, or sometimes; a lineman is pulled out and a back plugs up for him. Not so with Navy, however, for the Middies have an official setter-up-per, ,an(l his name is Zeke Zechella, place kicker holder extraordinary. In And Out Whenever Navy makes a touchdown there is a commotion on the sailor's bench and shortly Zeke gallops out on the field to take his place behind the line. After the kick is made he returns to the bench, a good, job well done. It has not always been Zcke’s lot to play pinboy to the Navy place kickers, for once he was Bill Busik’s chief threat for offensive honors, only to be folced from active competition by an injury. 16 Out of 20 As a graphic illustration of the results of .Zeke’s specialization at his job, he and his kicking partnei', Bob Leonard, have completed 16 cPnversions out of 20 attempts this season. .1 H
STARTING LINEUPS PURDUE (0) MICtl. StATE (0) Rush LE.......... Pfiediund Rossi ......LT Carter Miller !....LG Kennedy Jofinspn ., , C ......i Arena Melton -,- -RG Rupp 6’Rryan ..RIT '..., iCgras Comb's iiiC..... Sniiley Smerke QB - • Milliken Cook .............LII.. Wll Uavis Berio .....i.; ..RH,.,...,... PaWlosski Betty .....k... PB............ Sherman Large€rmdS(^ Unkrn Presehtatiph OfCatPpUs CdiifGdy A hear-capacity crowd of mbre than 6i000 dads, mothers and students were entertained at the Music Hall last , night by the Union Show of 1941, “'That’s Life,” versing the downward trend in pnion show quality started by last year’s “Harum Scarum,” Willis Wells’ latest campus satire was, in its brighter spots, up to the standard set by last fall’s “Everything but Onions.” Opening promptly and smartly with a fast-moving, Hellzaqoppin’ style of comedy, the performance stumbled a bit on some drawn-out dialogue, but rallied later with a more adept admixture of the enjoyable repartee and songs of Bob Stambaugh and Betty Wedge and the music of Irv Given, Those Interruptions Lively and almost cOiitihubus inlerrliptiphs were provided by Bob Adahls and Frenchih Leineweber, who cavorted through audience and cast dressed as musicians, surveyors; chanvoineh and duck-hunters (the “duck” they brbtight down amid a shower of feathers was a ' pluckefi but genuine chicken), High points of the performance Were the oglabulagatipris of doubletalker Charles Lebensfein, a Conversatioh between boreci alumni George COrbus ahd Bud, Eberts, Greciari-dance contortions by a begowhed bOef-trust, and some effective dance routines. 'Throughout the performance the sOhgs of Clint Browh ahd Given’s music supported the otherwise rather pointless plot of the show. Timing Iniproved Less appreciated were an attempt to revive “McCarthy Is Dead,” and some inaccurate marksmanship with, the spotlights. Timing throughout the show was far better than in “Harum Scar(Continued on page 4)
Sports SqmetJbing ©yer Da^ spfefetatbrs shiverefl aPd shbbk ^ of a Spy day * in Jlbsa-Adie to witness one of the ipoSt, and unexciting battles ifevef staged ih tfiht hdrseili^ Al the ifiVAdihg Sphffan^ gan State College foug|L| tnfe host Boilermaker cpntlnig^t to a standstill ^orele^s He. 'ThP entire geifie wns p&^ed with the ten J^afds ^A^feg each goal line uhtouShed hhd with most of the play well within the respectiye 20 yard ttlarkers. k' . With the exception of numerous fumbles and pass.Jh|erceptions, the game, was lutely devoid of any speejpehIhr play On the pArt of Pilfer team, with the bhttle rather hdhtesied throughout. Lucky ahd teonhg bppdrtunities dime a .dozen for both teaihsV six fuihhifes and five pass irii^^p-. ti'dhs Weil diyidhd, but with neitblr team capitalizing to any extent bti any of thesie chances. „ Statistics Favor gpartans ' 5 If there was any “moral stuff about, tfae, game it, wasjatt for the Spartans. Statistics of the gahiid
feAME StATiStiCS ,
Fifst D&WliS '...
.... t
■A.
Buhhiitg
...A
' -A:
Passihg
....Ay
'V:U'
Not Tairas RuSbihg:;
....78 ;
Tafds Ldst
....23
Nbt TairdS Fofwaras......
...6o;
25
Ffitwatas- Aftenlptfed ....
.15
Forwards Cbillpletfed ....
.... 6
2:
Ititertebthd by ...:
.... 1
■ ."4;
Yds. IneptnS. Retlifnhd ..
. .14
51
Punts; httibber —.
10
M2'
Puhts,- Average
..MA
Yards Kicks Returned ..
...98
Punts
...-T3
55
Kickoffs
...^
23
Fuihblfes .-s-.,...
.... Y
Brfl lost........................
.... .1 ■
Mk
PehhUies
.... 3
YhrdS Lost Penhlties ......
.. .25
,15-:
decidedly favor the invading. leading in first downs sefeVn tq jteflpSq* and in yards gained by both and rushing. Indeed the only dc^liltment in which the Boilerini&ettt were superior was ih the nnihhbr'dt (Cohtihued oh page 3) ^
Will Bredl^TpPla^m 800 Couples At Arinual Military
/ By Bob Wendel Maestro Will Bradley^^will take up his baton at 9 p. m. on Friday, Noy. 14, to signal the opening of the 1941 Military Ball. Inaugurating the formal season at the University, Bradley and his popular orchestra will again present their “Boogie Woogie” rhythm to over 800 couples in military uniforms and evening clothes. The fentire campus will be turned over to the dancers including the Union building, which will be decorated in appropriate militaristic manner. . Trombone-playing Will Bradley’s present band, organized a little over a year ago, has become increasingly popular with collegiate and radio audiences. The rhythmic activities of the “Bradley Boogie Woogie Trio” have resulted in Bi’adley’s band pacing the field of “Boogie Woogie.” Nevertheless,, for dancing " purposes, the band can and does . . . by Some of the many beautiful flowers that are on display reverse its field to play “sweet” muat the twenty-first annual Horticulture Show. This exhibit of sic that ranks with the best. Purdue's horticulturists ends tonight after a successful three day Featured vocalists with the band run. Janie was one of the ten thousand visitors that have viewed are Terry Allen and Lynn Gardner, the display. ' aided and abetted by novelty singer
Rhy MbKihley, who hah'dlehl^tija drifltohiihg dhtfeb in hfs Musib Tftk’d^fihut Uitibh " rky , The music of th& orfehesteA distributed thirbligh thfe IbuA^ the.cafeteHA in the Uilibh by of iotidSp'6akei-s. 4 Before orgbiiizing hiS bdhfi. Will Bradley whs aste with such bands hs those of Kostelhhetz, Nat Shilkr4t hfiR nibhd Phijge. Bradley and his band out hunrefous recordings received corisifierahle acclaii®,jM|t!: the rug-cutiing protetariAk. present toiir of cptl^ges aniji Ija-'
performances. Programs will be week in the cashifer’s offiiee Executive Buildiqg, uppp preh^t%. tion of tickets. Ibfogfpiaq; 1^ secured before ■ the.dance, irnnouncement will be ipaiig when they are reh^ distribution. No more tickets dapee are available.Detention Camps Planned; Roosevelt Slashes Fund Allocations To N YA, WPA WASHINGTON — In addition to his official function as the government’s chief counsel before the Supreme. Court,-^newly-appointed So-licitor-General Charles Fahy is performing another important job which hasn’t been advertised. He heads a Justice Department committee which is quietly formalating plans for handling enemy aliens in the event of war. Others on committee are L.M.C. Smith, chief of the Department’s special defense unit, and Edward J. Ennis, general counsel of the Immigration and Naturalization Service, The three officials agree that preparations should begin imraediately for the establishment of concentration camps for the custody of dangerous, subversive aliens just as was done in 1917. Still undecided, however, is whether the camps should be supervised by the Bureau of Prisons, , toe Immigration Service, or the Army. Of the three, the Army is : j^t fitted for the job, because it already has the personnel and facilities for detention camps which easily could be expanded. This would mean a big savings to taxpayers, a fact which will weigh ’ heavily when Pahy’s com.mittee makes its recommendations to Attorney General Biddle. Secret Economizing The President has a surprise up his sleeve for the congressional economy bloc, which wants to slash non-defense expenditures. He has quietly^ntolen a march on them by directing the Budget Bureau to impound $435,000,000 out of the funds of a number of government agencies. The money will be taken from their current appropri•ations, which will force them dras•tically to curtail their operations for the I’emainder of the fiscal year. : Heaviest hit by the secret economy order are three Roosevelt pets—the National Youth Admin- . istration, which will lose $40,000,000 out of $151,000,000; the CCC, $96,000,000 out of $247,960,000; and the WPA, which is jolted . hardest of all—$200,000,000 slashed from $875,000,000. The remaining $99,000,000 of the $436,000,000 savings will be made up by smaller cuts from other nondefense agencies. In addition to the appropriation pruning, the President also has quietly cracked down on the pyramiding of governmental payrolls. These have soared to stratospheric heights in the past 12 months, even in non-defense agencies. Roosevelt has ordered this stopped in an executive order requiring all personnel increases to be personally approved by the head of the agency. This was done to prevent minor officials from padding their staffs— and their own importance—with a lot of clerks and secretaries. To NYA Defense Ip axing the National Youth Administration, the President faces a i hot fight. The NYA is one of the most popular agencies among the rank and file on Capitol Hill. Several times they have taken matters into their own hands and boosted appropriations above Budget Bu- , i tpau estimates. : The Congressmen don’t know about Roosevelt’s economy order, . but.suspecting that Senator Harry P. Byrd of Virginia, leader of the economy bloc, i.s gunning for NYA, fifty of them signed a letter to the President last week “re.spectfully” but firmly demanding that NYA be let alone. “The nature of .some of the attacks on the NYA,’’ the fifty Congressmen stated, “seems to show that there is a group or groups determined to weaken t he agency as ( much as possible. The N Y A is one '- activity of the government which the general public unanimously -.approves and the undersigned reI spectfully request that we have ,1 the opportiinity to discuss this I mattfr^iyith you.’’ f Among the .^jigners were Repre5^1 Bentatiyes John McCormack, Demoi leader, Ross Collins, of Vincent Harrington, of Iowa, s Harry R- Sheppard and Jerry yporhis of Calif., and James M.
Fitzpatrick of New York. Note—Dr. John W. Studebaker, U. S. Commissioner’ of Education, closely allied with the National Education Association, long an NYA foe, has launched an undercover drive tb be named head of the NYA and CCC in the event they arc consolidated. Costly Good Neighbor Authorities aren’t advertising it but the rise of U. S. prices is playing hob with the carefully nurtured Good Neighbor policy. U. S. coftsular and commercial agents in Latin America are reporting numerous complaints from buyers at skyrocketing prices. Also, Nazi agents, taking advantage of the situation to spread hostile propaganda, are claiming that the United States, having driven out competitors, now is profiteering at the expense of South Americans. • Add—Washington Merry-Go^- ...... While some of the price raising is justified because of mounting productions costs, there are also enough instances of profiteering to give grounds for such an accusation. For example: Ammonium sulphate, an essential in the manufacture of fertilizer, is selling in the U. S. at $28 a ton. But the Commerce Department has records showing export sales at $40 and over a ton/ Formaldehyde, another vital chemical, is also a product on which there has been gouging of Latin American customers. Last July, Price Administrator Henderson set a ceiling of 6 cents a pound in carload lots. But four South American buyers were billed at 31 cents a pound for the chemical, Nazi agents, who seem to be well informed about U. S. domestic prices, have been making a great ddo about these and other cases, filling the South American airways with bitter attacks on “Yankee greed” at the expense of their trusting neighbors. Disiturbed by the situation, both Henderson and the Export Control Bureau, unden Vice President Wallace, are taking steps to stop the gouging. Henderson’s price powers apply equally to goods destined for export as well as those for domestic markets. So far he has issued very few ceiling orders on foreign sales, but a lot more will be forthcoming. Wallace’s agency and the Commerce Department have an even more potent club in their power to refuse export licenses. This has been done in several cases already and others will follow if profiteering persists. Note—In taking vigorous measures against profiteers in the U. S. authorities have informed Latin American exporters that they expect the same co-operation from them. Because of the high shipping cost of Far Eastern tung oil and cork, U. S. buyers have turned to South American substitutes, but lately their prices have been doing some fancy soaring. Capital Chaff Says an official in the Finnish Legation. “Eighty-five per cent of my people desiz'e the defeat of Germany —but one hundred per cent desire the defeat of Russia!” . . . Between 60 and 100 officers of Seized Danish merchant ships are being repatriated to Denmark, through a U. S.-British-banish agreement. . . . Peru’s air attache in Washington, Colonel Armando Revoredo, cried, “To hell with the Good Neighbor Policy” when Uncle Sam requisitioned Peru’s 18 bombing planes'. But actually, he is a good friend of the U.S.A., ■\vas responsible for changing Peru’s aviation instruction from Italian to American. Defense Lore The pj-essirig need for skilled workers in mushrooming defense industries has produced many stories of inexperienced men who have passed themselves off as craftsmen. Here is the latest going the rounds in 0PM: A bond salesman was told by a friend who was a mechanic that a certain contractor was desperately in need of carpenters. With the going tough in the bond business, the salesman applied for a job and got it on a fast-talk claim that he had several year’s carpentry experience. Two days later he dashed up to his friend and said, “Jim, I guess it’s no go. I’ll have to quit; they’re on to me.” “Why, what happened V” “They’ve got a guy watching me,” explained the bond salesman. “He follows me everywhere and watches everything I do. Why he’s even followed me over here.” “Where is he?” “That’s him, over tlieie. Leaning up against that post.” “Nuts! man,” J’etorted the friend, “he isn’t checking up oii you. That’s your helper.” WPA Record Little is heard these ^world-sti ife filled days of the WlfAi once a subject of hot daily politmal controversy. But while vanished from the headlines, WPA is still very much a going concern. It now has slightly over 1,000,000 on its rolls, about one-third of its nutuber at WPA’s peak. Of
The Bottle U THE CORK IS COLD \ Everyone but the Cork talks about the weather. We just worry our inadequate little head about it and say nothing, being a timid creature doesn’t help a bit either. The icy gales of, winter have started to whistle among the oaks and elms, and as yet wo haven’t even mustered the courage to send home for our scarlet flannels, even though we well, know we’re soon going to heed ' them. Being so timorous we won’t even write for those noisy mittens we bought last year, nor the green sweater an adoring aunt knitted for us last season when no female was considered well dressed unless she carriend with her two sticks and a ball of yarn. The Cork doesn’t pretend to be rugged enough to face a chilling Lafayette winter without whimpering. Right now we are considering the adoption of the policy of several brave souls who venture all about in brilliant crimson corduroy trousers. They would keep us warm enough, and we would be saved from the cruel fangs of a lashing January wind, but we just shudder when we think of all the vampires that would chase us. ■ ' , We also considered getting a good protective coat of sun tan over at one of thfe sorority houses we’ve been hearing about, But airplanes have, a habit of flying low over sorority houses, and ahyvyay it would be too cold to lay on the roof of any house even for a sun tan this late in the season. Friends of ours, sensing our difficulty, implore us to do as they intend doing; to wit, take a small slug of Health Office moonshine every morning before the eight o’clock ordeal.,But if we couldn’t stand a few weeks of bad weather, it is common knowledge that we’d be eligible for the biology directing lab within no time if. we took to using Miller’s potent blend. , So as the wind whistles, as the water from the cooling system begins to freeze on the poplars, and as the Petty pictures change from girls with nothing on ready to take a swim to girls with nothing on ready to go skiing, the Cork shivers constantly and wished Winter wasn’t coming to the campus. ' -I
University Presbyterian Church North St. at Grant St. ■ Sunday, November 9. John W. Findley, pqstor and director of the WestiPinister Founda'tion. Jim Chase, choir director. Joanne Lloyd, organist. 9:30 a. m.—The discussion group will begin a new series on the “Background of the New Testament.” Dr. Graves will lead what promises to be an interesting dis.cussion, 10:30 a. m.—Mr. Findley’s sermon theme will be “Why Armistice Day?” Students and their Dads and Mothers are invited to attend'this service. 5:16 p. m.—Arild Miller wilhload jbhe worship at the evening vesper service. 5:46 p. m.—The Sunday Evening Club will meet for a 16c supper in the church basement. Following the supper there will be a short program in charge of the Music Committee. Next Sunday evening after supper, the Thanksgiving party will be held.
DisPttssidh Hour, Etii'l Butz will .speak on ‘‘A Christian Views the. World at War.” , Purdue Christian Foundation Sunday Pfograrti Lafayette Christian Church 6th and North Sts. 9:16-9:26 a. m.—Catch ride at 131 S. Grant St. 9:30 a. m.—Student plass. “The Year of Service” is the subject of the lesson to bo taught by Dr. Merritt Webster of the Math Dept. (The P. C. F. String Ensemble will play during the opening exercises. The musicians are: Merl Reynolds, Jim Billingsly, Bob Smith, Bcrle Bunker.) ■ 10:40 a. m.—Church Worship Service. The Rev. Doyle Mullen will preach on the subject “The Problem of Reconciliation.” ' 6:00 p. m.—10 Cent Supper at 131 S. Grant. (NOTE CHANGE IN TIME) 6:30 j. m.—^Leave for church bldg. 6:46 p. m.—r^'oi.'um. Program of recreation, singing, and vespers. The discussion period will be given to the play “The Enemy.” 8:00 p. m.—Annual Armistice Sunday Play. We shall go in a body from the Church building to the High School Auditorium. Be sure to get your reserved seat ticket.
. . ;t Entered aa second class matter at the post n, office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act, of CongrcBS of March' 3> 1879, .and!,int,lt|l.o , special rate of postage provided for. in Sdition 1103, act of October 3, lOiT. huthorii^^^^^ January 20,. 1922. Published ;,daUii. ,iOxb^t Monday during the regular acaderhib. and' weekly during the Summer 'SeSsioh. \ Delivered . locally by carrier tor $Si50( p* year, mail subsoriptions, $4.00. *
Edilor-in-Chicf News Editor Managing Editor Business Manager....
....Ned: A, dbhUtrtb ...John L. TrgiigbU ..Leland W, Jftulfndr ..bon S.:Pdw<i#ii
this million, about 40 per cent arc engaged in direct defense work. Chief of these activities is the construction of strategic highways and airports all over the country. In addition, WPA also has a large program under way training unemployed for jobs in defense industries. For the present the extent o.P WPA’s defense roads and air-field program is a military secret. But the record of its past accomplishments is not and they constitute an impressive showing. Here is a list of the most important: Four thousand four hundred ninety-nine schools and libraries; 132 hospitals; 7,071 recreational structures; 1,394 parks; 2,524 playgrounds; 2,630 athletic fields and stadiums; 517,431 miles of roads and streets; 54,426 bridges; 1,646 incinerator plants; 639 sewage plants; 17,928 miles of sewers; 11,242 miles of water mains; 834 pumping plants; 439 levies; 15,815 conservation dams; 285,000 acres of irrigation systems; 4,973 fire-breaks; 829 cemeteries reconditioned; 1,933,000 privies. Also', WPA manufactured 222,683,000 garments; canned 42>203,000 quarts of foods; compiled 134 volumes and 565 pamphlets of state and local histories and guides. Two of WPA’s outstanding projects arc the mighty four-mile Triborough Bridge in New York City and LaGuardia field, one of the largest and finest airports in the country.
Personnel Notes COMPANIES SCHEDULED TO VISh’CAMPUS— (On Senior,s’ Company Lists) Firestone Tire & Rubber Company, Akron, Ohio. November 10 and 11, 1941. R. C. A. Mfg. Company, Camden, N. J., and Indianapolis, Ind, November 11, 1941. Prest-O-Lite Company, Indianapolis, Ind., November 12, 1941. General Electric Company, Schenectady, N. Y. November 12 and 13, 1941r Carnation Company, Milwaukee & Oconoraowoc, Wisconsin. November 14, 1941. Pittsburgh Plate Glass (Columbia Chemical Div.) Barberton, Ohio. November 14, 1941. Wabash Railroad, Decatur, Illinois. November. 17, 1941. Wright Aeronautical, Paterson, N. J. November 17 and 18, 1941. Proctor & Gamble Company, Ivory dale, Ohio. November 25, 26 and 27, 1941. , Monsanto (Ihemical Company, St. Louis, Mo. November 27, 1941. J. C. Penney Company, Lafayette, Indiana. November 28, 1941.
Baptist Students West Lafayette Baptist Church Corner Columbia and Chauncey Sts. Joseph Bail'd Gleason, Student Pastor 9:30 a. 111.—Roger Williams Club Class Hour. Dean Fisher, teacher. 10:36 a. m.—Church Worship Service. Sermon—Book Review. — “Keys of the Kingdom” by Cronin. Anthem by the choir. 5:30 p. m.—Roger Williams Club fifteen cent lunch. 6:00 p. m.—Roger Williams Social Hour. 6:30 p. m.—Roger Williams Club
Wesley Foundation Services at the First Methodist Church (Corner Chauncey and South St.) 9:30 a. m.—rThis Sunday there will be three Student Classes conducted for the students of Purdue. Come and share your thoughts. The
Night Editor: Clark Day Editor: Ghaifield ' Issue Editor t Karpick. .: ii Workers: R. W. DcMars,. P. G. Miller, M. L. Gwosdow, R. W. Krioger, S. A. Wlitson, C. E. Sowards, W. H. GasSady, 0. Beyers, R. L. Barnc.s, K. A. Klosson,. S. Wolf, S. Beall. " — 1 , ii' V i.i
By a vote of 323 to , 61, students at Cata,wba College vptecIvtq.chaHgp the name of their-'yetobook,;-^ Swastika.
teachers are Prof. Gunn; Dr. Ltie and Rev. Balsley. ' ’ 10:40 a. m.—Morning.Wbrship:— Sormonic' Theme:', “The Christian Message of Reconciliation.!’ Special music will be furnished by the choir. 5:4,5. to 7:00 p. m.--—Wesley 'Vespers will meet for fellowship,^ and recreation. Light refreshments will be served. Following this period all will go to the Jefffferson High School auditorium to see the production of “The Enemy” by Channing Pollock.|ie^t the team "Presenting.,.
Yesterday'^sGames Riveters Start Preparations
For Invasion Of Badger Camp
Harvard, 20; Army, 6 Cornell, 21; Yale, U
Dartmouth, 20; Princeton>
Frosty Sprowl By Paul G. Miller * Standing an even six feet tail and weighing about 180 lbs., is “Frosty” Sprowl, varsity right end. He’s a senior in the PE school, and this is his fourth and last year for the Boilermakers. Pass Receiver Because of his heigiit and speed, “Frosty” is classed as one of the best pass receivers on the squad. In
13
Duke, 56; Davidsoh, 0 Alabama, 19; Tulane, 14 Vanderbilt, 20; Sewanee, 0 Georgia, 19; Florida, 3 Tennessee, 28; Howard, 6 Manhattan, 13; Boston U., 0 Penn, 19; Columbia, 0 Penn State, 34; Syracuse, 16 Missouri, 26; N. Y .U., 0 William and Mary, 20; V. M. L,0 Holy Cross, 13; Brown, 0 Temple, 14; Villanova the Ohio State game in the last 60 seconds he outran the Buckeye secondary to catch the longest pass of the game and set up the second Boilermaker score. He’s shifty, fast starting, and has a natural ability of “getting away” from his opponents. Football isn’t “Frosty’s” only major sport, as he was voted the most valuable player on Piggy Lambert’s quintet last season. No doubt, this is one reason for his classy ball handling. Likes IM Sports He’s an excellent student. He takes an activd part in nearly all of the Intramural Sports. Most of his spare time, however, is spent with his pin girl. “Frosty” is a member of the Delta Tau Delta social fraternity. In the future he hopes to be a coach. However, these plans may be delayed because it looks like the army for “Frosty” right after graduation.
Wisconsin hasconsistently proved one of the surprises of this season’s
crop of Conference teams. A good better known than he is at
three-fourths of the pre-season fore casts picked them to start and re main near the top of the Big Ten.
SCOBEE’S —Gift Portrait Work— PRE-CHRISTMAS SPECIAL on 8x10 PHOTOGRAPHS Phone 2343 105 Northwestern Ave.
WATCH THIS SPACE GROW!
Southworth’s
The P. M. U. Stars the Hit of the Month Dinner for Dad in the CHESTNUT ROOM Remember to plan for a meal as tasty as if cooked at home for the family on Dad’s Day this week-end. JhsL fiWvduUL TyimwuaL lAniofL The Corner of the Campus— , Yet the Center of Activities ,
C’MON, GET IN THE GROOVE!
We mean have your voice recorded on wax with the new record cutter now at the RECORD SPOT
6 inch record—25c 8 inch record—40c 10 inch record—75c (both sides)
6:30 to 9:30 DAILY 4:00 to 7:30 SUNDAY
ADDED ATTRACTION! The latest hit tunes by the best bands in the country. • BLUES irsf THE NIGHT Artie Shaw
• IT ISN’T A DREAM ANYMORE Alvino Rey • WALLS KEEP TALKIN’ Gene Krupa ^ • 47TH STREET JIVE Andy Kirk
PURDUE m & SUPPIV STDRE
308-10 STATE ST. WEST LAFAYETTE, IND.
Southworth*8
Coach Phillips
Coach Mai Elward’s gridiron proteges, after spending today resting up from yesterday afternoon’s grueling 0-0 deadlock on the freezing mud of Ross-Ade Stadium, will open their week’s practice sessions tomorrow in preparation for the coming tilt with Wisconsin. Few teams in the country have come as far up the victory trail as have the Badgers, who, since their disheartening loss to Marquette early in the season, have improved steadily until now Coach Harry Stuhldreher’s lads are considered first class competition for any man’s ball club.
Badgers On Upgrade
cousin squad who deserves to be a
the present time. His nanie is Frank Riewer, and though he may be a little on the small side, he’s plenty
Thus, when the highly touted and h®*- ^ was in the game with Syratop heavy favorite Wisconsin team which the Badgers met dewas literally run off the field by ^^at, that the Riewer’s name first Marquette in their first game to the fore. Because of injurthe tune of a 28-7 score, consterna- to the regular Badger left halftion reigned. back. Bud Seelinger, Frank started 'Next week-end, Wisconsin clinch- *1^® ga*"® and before he was done ed the argument that they were the ^® ^ad garnered 104 of his teams flop of the season when Northwest- t°tal of 184 yards gained by rush-
ern repeated with another Badger
downfall. However, it was at this Hit ’Em Harder crucial point in the Big Red’s sea- Incidentally both Riewer and son that their fortunes took that Harder hail from the same town and long-awaited change for i;he bet- played on opposing teams during ter. Next week-end saw them over- their high school grid career. Riewwhelming Iowa 23-0. They then er was another three sport man and followed that up, and incidentally an all-city football star, changed the minds of the experts In addition to the Harder lad, back again, next weekend when there are two more “Pats” playing they ran over Indiana, Billy Hillen- the Badgers. Pat Boyle teahis brand and all. T with George Makris usually at the Fall Before Bucks staiting guard posts, and Lyons, Yesterday, Ohio State got a taste '^®wn the end of Badger fight, and if the Buckeyes Bob Ray, recently shifted to worked half as hard to win the game appears to take well to as that 46-34 score would seem to ^is new post and should do well, indicate, the taste is there yet. teamed with Harder and Riewer. Twelve points isn’t much of a mar- This then is that fast coming gin to win by when the two scores Badger eleven. From the Wisconsin total 80. standpoint, next week will tell the No mention of the Wisconsin tale of whether or not the Northeleven would be complete without men will have half a chance of endthe name of Pat Harder, stellar first mg the Big Ten race with a presentstring fullback on the Badger squad, able showing. They’ll be fresh from who all season has been gaining that wide open encounter with the more than his share of the ground Buckeyes, and up at Madison when against opposing teams. Hailing the Boilermakers play them, they’ll from Milwaukee, this newcomer be running wide open, j.s.k. to the Big Ten spotlight starred in three sports during his high school Western Maryland College has career and also made the all-city converted Levine Hall, a men’s dorfootball team in Bis hotne town. mitory, into a modern, well equipped There’s another back on the Wis- music conservatory.
•(Continued from page 1) tre Dame’s third place total of 67
points.
The high point of the meet was the thrilling finish between Holderman and Wilt, both of whom finished far ahead of the rest of the field. After circling the intramural field. Wilt passed the galleiY with a long lead in his possession and hold the margin as he emerged from the woods behind the stadium. The Indiana star and Big Ten two mile champ took the hairpin turn at the three hole golf course and disappeared into the woods again with Holderman a long 100 yards behind. The hills were evidentally not bothering the lanky Riveter, for when the pair romped out of the woods again, Holderman had closed the gap, and Wilt was beginning to show some signs of fatigue. A half mile from the finish line, Holdeiman made his bid and passed the tiring Indiana runner. Ed’s time for the four miles was 20:17.6 and Wilt finished 26 yards behind, a soundly beaten man. More Finishers Third place went to Hunter of Notre Dame, although he was pressed hard by Woody Appleton and Don Kemp, of the Riveter squad. Montova, of Indiana Central, was the first Little State man to come in, and close on his heels was Riveter, Keith McLaughlin, a senior who ran one of the finest laces of his competitive career. To help the Boilermaker cause, Duesler and Roach did a fine job in finishing tenth and eleventh, respectively. This coming Saturday, the Riveters will play host to the Big Ten Cross Country Meet and will undoubtedly be heavily favored to win. Outside of the Riveter squad,'the stiongest team in the Big Ten is Indiana, and their overwhelming defeat, yesterday, doesn’t speak too well for their chances. On November 24, the season will be bi ought to a close with the running of the N. C. A. A. Meet at Michigan State, East Lansing, Mich.
Summary
A brief summaiy follows: Holderman, Purdue, first; Wilt, Indiana, second; Hunter, Notre Dame, third; Appleton, Purdue, fifth; I Kemp, Purdue, sixth; MontoLaughlin, Purdue, eighth; Kendall, va, Indiana Central, seventh; McIndiana, ninth; Duesler, Purdue, tenth; Roach, Purdue, eleventh.
Time: 20:17.5.
Big State: Purdue, 28; Indiana, Jf *.• 51; Notre Dame, 57. WGSIGy FOUnClStiOn Little State: Earlham, 41; Butler, 4, .1, To PrGSGnt Annual Team scores (incomplete for the Little State) oi Tf • • bbowThistYGning
Dine Tonight NU CHINA GRILL CHOW MEIN — CHOP SUEY 409 Columbia St.
EDGERTON HDWE.JNC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
• Two Sources of Action
Theie were two attractions at the game yesterday that put life in an'^ othqi’wiae pretty dull afternoon. One of these was the beautiful (?> reddish purple shirt which adorned the shoulders of Purdue’s venerable trainei, Lon Mann. Lon got more whistles than the best looking dff-ed ever to grace our fair campus when he earned his little medical easd to give first aid to the injured. r, ’ It’s a shirt that Lon bought two years ago in Cheyenne, Wyoming white with the team en route to California and the Santa Clara game. A let of Lon’s friends tiled to get Lon to take the shirt with him to Fordbam last week, but he objected as the Polo Grounds is in the heart of Harlem and he was afraid that he would never get home with it. It must have been something other than the cold that caused Lon to don a jacket in the second half. No one could ever get cold in a shirt timt
coloi.
• A Hot Time in i'lte'’Old Grandstands
Number two attraction was the files in the north end of the stadThm. Several little flames were built duiing the final quarter to wam^tfa^ frozen extremities of the shivering fans. Just before the final gun a wbbld section donated papers and program to a central fire. Just wait uqtil the
State fire prevention bureau hears of this. • Tommy Melton Just Won't Give Up
There’s no one on the football squad who would rather play footbdil than co-captain Tom Melton. Out with an injured leg since the Ohio Slate game, Tom would have played yesterday if he had to crawl on the field. Yesterday Tommy was injured in the second period and helped from the field to the dressing room. At the start of the second half he was back in the line-up. Less than a quarter later he was shaken up again, and taken fiom the game over his protest. Before many minutes were past he was back in the fracas, and was playing a steady game at the gun. • Cross Counf-ry Team Still in High Gear Yesterday afternoon Coach Hermoh Phillips and the cross couitfay team set back the best distance runners in the state to take the Sfdte Meet by one of the lowest scores tallied in a great many years. It was i great victory for the Boilermakers, and also for Ed Holderman, who came from behind to finish strong against his old rival, Fred Wilt of In-
diana.
Next week the Big Ten Meet will be here at Purdue, and then a fgw days later the national meet at East Lansing. The Boilermaker cross country lads have not tasted defeat this year. If they continue to show the form they have displayed to date they have a great chance of copping
both of these titles.
• Oh, Woe Unto Fordham
Almost every year Fordham comes up with a potential Rose^Bowl squad This year the possibilities were stronger than ever. But little ipnpotent/Pittsburgh, after having been pushed around all over the copnt^ won their first game of the year at the expense of ^he Rams for wlutt:.js piobably the biggest upset ever to occur in collegiate football. Oh, well. The Florida Chamber of Commerce says it’s awfully in
California, anyhow.
Dads Witness... (Continued from page 1) ’ yards pass interceptions were returned. ^ After holding a slight edge iff tlte first two periods, the Boilermakerh were completely at the mercy of the Spartans during the second half, gaming exactly zero (0) first downs and just 26 yards by rushing. It was only by the grace of the gods along with a few timely penalties and pds^ interceptions that the Boilermakbts were able to stave off what seenied like inevitable defeat in these fiffdl periods of play. End Runs Unproductive Either the Spartan ends were qf super All-American ability or there was something drasticalljr wrong with the Boilermaker intei^erbnco, as their total gains on what are ually profitable end sweeps abdod up to a defiicit, with several rather serious losses on these wide runs. Holes just weren’t to be found in the Michigan State line, with only occasional line plays getting far enough to be tackled by the seconday. Since only five passes were attempted no gains of much significance were chalked up in this department, although two of fb* passes were completed for a 0681*26 yards.
Wesley Foundation together with other religious oigamzations will present Channing. Pollack’s play, “The Enemy,” at the Jefferson High School auditorium this evening at eight o’clock. The theme of the play is “hate,” supposedly the leal enemy of man. Lafayett^ Pan Helenic Council will honoi the scholastic achievements of campus sororities with a banquet at 6 p m. tomorrow night in the south ballroom of the Union.
Soft Water proofed Calfskin 2 Soles (‘ 24 Iron" Bottoms)
Supgft
A sturdy British model » . 1, really 2 shoes in one. You’ll love them for their long life and for the solid protection they give. HANDIWORK OF FREEMAN MASTER SHOEMAKERS A. B. C. Shoe Co., Inc. X-RAY FITTING 406 Main St. Phone 2001
IM Sche<liil«
TOUCHBAIA Field Monday, November 10 , 1 Freyman—Ward 23 vs Ward 32 2 Belt—Ward 11 vs Ward 2T 3 Captam—Ward 28 vs Ward 8 4 Meyei>—Ward 10 vs Ward 26 - i 5 Noland—Beta Theta Pi vs Phi Sigma Kappa ' b Tepas—Beta Sigma Psi vs Phi ICiipiia Psi 7 Olds—Pi Kappa Phi vs Taa Epsilon Phi 8. Rafferty—Delta Tau Delta vs Phi Gamma Delta ‘ j 9. Jones—Sigma Phi Epsilon vs FMifetth Theta 10 Plummer—Delta Upstlon vs Alpha Sigma Phi ” 11 Baldauf—Alpha Tau Omega vs Theta Tau WARD BASKETBALL (Piactico Games) Monday. November 10 Couit l—Rafferty 7 00 Ward 6 vs Ward 22 7 15 Cary Hall 3 vs Cary HaU t 8 00 Waifd 25 vs Ward 80 8 15 Ward 26 vs Ward 23 . Court 2—Wes Stevens 7 00 Ward 28 vs Ward 21 7 IS Ward 27 vs Ward S 8 00 Ward 14 vs Ward 20 8 15 Ward 24 vs Ward 32 Couit 3— John Zehring 7 00 Ward 33 vs Ward 12 * 7 15 Ward 11 vs Ward 8 ' * 8 00 Ward 10 vs Ward 0 !«"' 8 15 Ward 34 vs Ward **
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK OR. HAROLD I^SK - « — DENTISTt ... 400-404 Schulhi IbRi. ' 4th and Main St. Uieyg»«l•:<V
'
■
fe •U '|lV' '•il'! ? U’ fe
1
JDwa’ Editor:
;,Haying, attended another, of 6ur glorified Little Movie Conv(^, and being mapired by the pro-war propaganda of which there was a ipiepohderance, I write this letter to express my attitude and I believe.
INDIANAPOLIS, Nov. 8--(S]pec ial to the Purdue Exponent)—Pub ;,l!lnTv|erbity’s staff of enginefer-
idW Sl^^iniisfe ifras named as ohe Comedies Only Fronb
M At the initiation of the movie conP Wed to bWrdonie'skilled defense we were promised an hour of Inbor shortages in the state in a (jjversion in the form of educational,
defense contract comedy shorts. Now it de-
Mld.drs by Everett L. Gardner, In- velops that a Donald Duck Comedy,
Security Divis- ^ band short, and maybe a purely
ron airectbr. educational picture serve as the sul^killbid Workers Needed gar coating for an enormous proUniess remedial steps are taken paganda pill. The glorified armies of by^ employers, defense production the U. S. and that model of deinocin Indiana will be impeded by an racies, England, plus those of her
Sdnetto del Petraroa in A Plat Mdjor Liszt Students will be admitted tO the
.j. .. .w, convocation upon presentation of
that of a majoidtrbfgtadei^ who attend, or have attended these,mov'
Dr. Roscoe Pulliam, president of
Alpha lAmhda. .JpfIta:, Coroi)«k^^®lt"
ing Tuesday,
in robrit 106 ri'f thfi' Chemistry Building. ., There will be a guest BpeiUker -aad DSDris
bag’s: All battery athletic officers Who picturesbe i;;T • did not attend rteetiug’ Thursday, October t . ii.',.... 'vi v*. ' 'Sf;'"'v 80,, see Lt. VUhderford at edflicst .Upper- , Puir'dUV ' PluyUrs: , SteeUUg U| Executive'
tunity.,. . ' —VANDERFipRD i^bhra and, ■
'' WAA! No Ihtra’thural BoWrd ttieUtfUg this week. Watch for Uotice of a meetiUj
son books or single admission tick- the Southern Illinois Normal Uniets. Thei’e will be no reserved seats versity at Garbondale,. 111.) will b®
v(f.eek,
ng next -PQED .
LU8t: .BrbWh leather, billfuid cphtaihing
available and all single paid...ad-; one of the. principal speakers at the piease’^retuUn to"1ii«nor£i UAioS* ott^el^
Vocational Guidance Conference to KeRh Felix. . . be held on campus NoV. 14,and 16. ■ ^ itu- „ , . .. , ■ i , ... i , j Money , to Loan.: on anything of value. Fulham WllLspe'ak at the bandlldt Albert’t Lodh Office. Pawnbrokers and Friday bight on “New Frontiers for Columbia st,
the Guidance Movement” and on TypeWHtersrAd'ding Machines, all makes
Saturday morning on “Implications ^“^llp^^ork Sa bt“ of the Qefense Crisis for Guidance.” Lafayette. Phoiife mg. - To Speak Room for rcnjt: Men; cooking- privileges; Dr. E. G. Elliott will give the “Ad- |leep_^|infeie,: $9-80 month, eoi Evergreen. dress of Welcome” at 1:30 p. m. , - , ,
■m . • A A* Wanted; Fellow to share double . room. rrida-y, aiteiv morning registration i<rj^ house, twin beds, private shpwer. 236
missions will be handled at the door,
k.k.
PIA Offers Fire Profectlon For Members This Year
PlA Dancing ,Wass:. The regular lesson will be held on Tuesday, NUv. 11, St the Same l^ime and plAce , instead of MUnday. Any and all coeds are invited to attend, : —PECSoK Cfcrcs i All. men afro expected io eUl'er the Cere^' porpst Judging Contest .to, be hold Saturday; NoV. 15, in Ag. Hail, f- Prtees awarded. Entry blanks may be UbtaiUed froSh Prof. F. E. Bobbins or pledges. —BYER
' ''’Stjfiiisiiin' Sct'ciifce.'dJ^aii
come See Me as sb'o’n BS possible.^, • .:>;^R1GGS
Kappa Psi: All members please be pres- ’Tue^TOy, iNUvefel
forum and address by Dr. Boutfi bBllrUpm of We'UMUn. All memuor
p. m. areWg&at'Uu'ticbdia-'pyesubki:; i:.‘>-^BYHR
inadequate supply of skilled woi-k-ers in 60 critical occupations, approximately 460 holders of defense prime and sub-contracts were warn-
ed by Gardner.
PIA is offering fire insurance on personal property to its members this year. The insurance coYefs p'er-
exploited subjects, Australia and sonal property up to 200 dollars in has been completed, and Pulliam Hamsen India, hold the spotlight. value. It can be obtained at the PIA will deliver his first address at the It seems that the administration office in the Union fdt 76 cents ahd dinner that evening to be held , in of our University is intent upon in- goes into effect immediately. The the Home Economics cafeteria,
stilling in our minds the glory, the insurance will expire with the school
ent at open
TJrdang on Monday, Nov. 11, at 7 :30 Edom'311 in Pharmacy Building.
-rSCOTT
iLwii'l .^^keU'i ember 11, ,Bt 9 :30 p. tb. m the
AitiblE: .b'cSirft '^.iete 8:lp p, hi. Ttfes'&y. 1 Ba‘llrPbm;<bf.ftB'&‘juiiidiiv''i
The Employment Security direc- desirability, and the inevitability of year iii JUnB._
tor urged employers confronted by )var, and the,feeling that the U. S. please call at the office before Sat skilled labor “bottlenecks” to re- is well prepared for said^ar, de- ur ay, ov. . j. .s.
F'oft tiieiivdifficulties to the Divis- spite the adPiission by hiilitBiy exjqn WLieii Jlas been delegated the pei’ts that our army is poorly equiptesponsibility of recruiting a labor P®''! and by no means in fighting
'fbfcb for IndiaiiA defense industries condition.
Excess Propaganda
The March of Time pictures and
Natid^i
All MilUBry Stndent's: All members of the Corps. are , requested to be in their
pTac'es in the Armory at l9:58 a. ih. ..Tubs- : . day, Nov. ll, in order that ho movement ;• -^preniMC will take place in the Armory, during the >hg ; Armistice Day Memorial Service at 11 the Forensic, o.itfce,
a. m. —GRAHAM
i Priii b'e l^iteb. at rdV. li, in. South ■V'/.wfeMYBlbL'
Other leaders in the field of
Anyone interested guidance from all over the coun-
try, will be on hand to speak Military Juniors:. Juniors who have just for the two day program which is been enrolled in M.T 5 repoH to Armory
Dr. Urdatig, Ndted German Pharrriacisf, To Talk Hero
, . , , T j- T/-- Suippiy rtloih TueS., Nov. 11, Id be measured
being sponsored by-the Indiana Ki- for uniform.
—LT. BtlOWi^.
by the Office of Production Man-
agement.
SiaicVessfur MethPds
? ,,‘'We stand ready to co-operate ■With empiDyel's in any manner pos-
wanis Clubs and the division of education and applied, psychology of
the University. Other Speakers
Phi Lamh'da tjpsilori: Meeting Thursday. Nov. 13, at 7:30 ih Kobhi;’ lOt, Chehiistry Bldg. Guest speaker. , , —braMneB.
Dr. George Urdang will be the
the Newsreels are permeated with guest speaker at the School of
war propaganda, but to these must Pharmacy tomorrow in rooiiil 311 at Administration head; and Roland invariably be added a picture about the Pharmacy Builditig. Th'd subject Alleh, personnel director of L. S.
the U. S. Cavalry, the Royal Air of Dr. Ur'dang’s speech will be “Re- Ayres and Co., of Indianapolis. Wilfacilitate the^roduction of porce or any of the other British tail Pharmacy As the. Niicl'ebs of liams is to speak on “Guidance for
the Phannacebtical Industry.” Whdt,” and Allen on “Inadyertant Insidious attempts are being made Dr. Urdang was born in Germany Guidance.”
to influence the minds of univer- and educated as a pharmacist. In The concluding address will be sity students toward favoring U. S. jgi'g he became editor of the Phar- made by Dr. Charles H. Lawshe, participation in this war. We here- niazeutische Zeitung, Which position Trade and Industrial Education viswith humbly submit that we did not he held until 1937. He was one of iting professor for the University.
Novice Pistol: Students desiring- lo bre ‘ in 5t.h N.,, P. GrouPj which star^ts Nov. 26 may.siXh up in shppiy room of Arhiery now. BoMivi: EoVmal iitiilidtioh will, be held
Monday, Nov. 10, at .4:16 p. m. Everybody ' . IB requested to be there. , ' Scriveners: . ■ r-BtlSHMELL : I V N
Delti hhb kBppB: bcbi-i's picture will be taken at 9 p. m. Tuesday. Nov. 11. in South Ballroom of Union. All actives and pledges be present. . . —LEIN V POMM: .The I banquet will be Tuesday, X Novi iS, at 6:30 p. in.,Get tickets from
we must discuss sdibK vbty fmbb'rtant it con,ce,h»ilhg.'fninth ?»,•
"l-^iA.WLSR,: AIME: ' bbbHB' plclute's;
South;;BalltoorH;,.of.. JJjiSfia 'tfibslifeyi iNov.
11, at S:S0 p. m. : ' No - meelirig..,SuiiidBy., iiiirht. S if i -6' '&• ' ,
hing foie «
iS^iiOdiion t
Among them will be such men as 'M T
. at 7:30 h. m. in WbUich's Gym; The price ol tickets is 66c aiid the absolute
Aubrey Williams, National Youth Please be prompt. Attendaopo compulsory, doadliho for. their butchase is SatUrdhy
KRAEPELlEN. ,-^Nov..l6, '
-BUSHNELL •„ i..
‘defense materials,” Colonel Gard per said. “Several management devices have been used to alleviate operation difficulties caused by lack
of skilled labor.”
He listed, among methods tried
suebessfully by Indiana firms, such come to the University to be told (;he organizers of the Society for the Lawshe’s subje^t^jvill be “The Fu-
Steps as the training and upgrading that war is desirable or glorious or of employees, so that unskilied or that England is our sister demde-
semi-skilled workers may be hired i;acy.
at the bottom of the ‘skill ladder’; We also would like to see a disthe breaking down of jobs into (^as- tribution of pro-war, national deily learned operations; and the re- fense, or what-have-you'propaganda arranging of work flow. left to the great free press of Amer“Fhe installation of such techni- ica and to the commercial houses, ques may require the service of We love Purdue and We hate to see technicians, and we will operate in it perverted into a propaganda disa liaison capacity and attempt to pensary. Hoping you are the same, obtain the aid of specialists for em- Respectfully, ployers from the proper governmen- J. T. Toppen, Ag’43.tal agencies,” he said. P. S. How about getting one clean
full-length picture instead of what
we’re gettihg?
Large Crowd Sees... (Contitlued from page 1) urn,” with few of the agonizing breaks, of the latteb production. Satirized Were the Health Service, the co-eds, and all the campus lampoon-targets, and in addition some new ohes, the eds, familiar text-writing, professors and Ii'V Given’s hair coming in for its share
of ribbing.
History of Pharmacy in Germany, ture of Kiwanis Vocational Guid-
Daily Health Service Report
Student Health Service announces that the following students entered local hospitals for medical care last Thursday: R. E. Chester, sophpnipre PE student and Laura Ray, HE freshman received medical treatment at,St. Elizabeth’s. Dorothy Gohmann, sophomore in Pharinaey was given medical care at the WFH Infirmary. Bonnie Nutter, a senior in the HE school underwent a surgical operation at St. Elizabeth’s. 'The last of the entrants is C. W. 'fitkemeyer, a third year Agriculture student, who received surgical treatment at the Home Hospi-
tal.
Discharges for November 6 were J. H. Merkoff, W. F. Simpson, junior HE., who underwent a'surgical operation at Home Hospital, and I^ E. Chester, s.a.w.
HOME COOKING Plate Lunches 25c and up Sandwiches 10c SMITHY’S COACH
ktEP YOUR HOME NEAT AND ATTRACTIVE WITH ACE PAINTS EtkTURES — Hardware Jotih iperb Hdwe. ■ 8ZZ-24 Main St.
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
ryteA personal STATIONERY
iversitv Book Store
Across From Union ’*Red” Sammons ’29 “Doc” Epplo ’40
DEACS LEAVE YOUR ORUERS / At DEAC'S for CORSAGES for the MILITARY BALL
FOR YOUR CHOICE— ,,r ■ ORCHIDS gardenias CARNATIONS | POM POM CORSAGES / SWEETHEART ROSES HAIR AND WRIST ARRANGEMENTS
H G. REISNER BbOK STORE
lIt us SEN1>
PirftDtJE EXPONENT DAILY Td THE FAMILY
ONLY
DROP IN THE EXPONENT OFFICE
CLEAN „ . : CLOTtlES make smiirL p. young Americans!
t'.-
Up and coming Ybung America knows the inlensc value of Smartness these days. Ybung America knows, too, the importance of real econoitiy. Thai’s why we’re iiiiding more anil more wise youn^ folks using a gootj lauiulry. They’Ve found it pays in liner apearance, longer lasting clothes and week-after-week savings.
CROWN LAUNDRY Fine Cleaners of Fine Clothes
RUN-OVER HEELS AND FALLEN ARChES ARE OUT OF DATE SAVE WEAR AND TEAR ON YOUR FEET CALL 3071 or AND RIDE IN STYLE
yRellow cab
“The Thinking Fellotv Calls a Yellow”