Wisconsin Downs Boilermaker Quintet, 53-45 jr Menke Leads Scoring/ Riveters Trail At Half gjjrW^ By Ray Smith, Exponent Associate Sports Editor a£55uis!fe,,vm Wisconsin fought off a rejuvenated, driving Boilermaker m team in the second period of last night’s contest to win by th^ ■—r ‘ Established 1889 Topple Per Fuehrer score of 53-45, and move one notch ahead of the Riveters in the Volume 55, No. 96 Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana Sunday, February 28, 1943 Big Ten standings. A1 Menke, who performed well all night, - ' II I ■ both offensively and defensively, walked off with the scoring * VI iiii||pi All ■ I ■ A ■ I honors of the game with 20 points to his credit. Johnny Kotz, I ^ 1 ilnl1*%tT^ Jm'I" I I the Badgers’chief scoring threat, was second with 17 points. I %3 11-11 lllllC^i I 1^ 1 %^lli 1 w IB I llmlfl The game, marked with plenty of action and rough play, was •rww « takenby the Wisconsin five by the fact that they were able to CflOir I O Aid mm m m f'Tnrfc nl ■ while the Boilermakers were In Reiiaious Soldiets To Amvo Seniors To Buy Prom Advanced MT Students “ III fvcrifyiuu^ Tififftic TAmurmUf Ed Ehlers opened the scorr • ^ BkSk IlliVcIi lyiiiuiiyw T'lll T • r*ll* ing for the Riveters on one of Services On Caiwpus/Viar. 81„ r-.i,:,. -Aiij,- To Help Tram Soldiers Dr. Charles W. Gilkey, dean of j.- j.- ii. i • vMrfllivp J vlilliV ^ ^ layup. As the game the University of Chicago Capel, Negotiations for the placing mechanical, Sale of tickets at $1.65 for the the coming of 500 soldiers the first part of next month passed the five minute mark, Lauand associate dean of the Divinity of five hundred soldiers on the electrical, and civil schools and fifty Senior Prom, featuring Lew Dia- I'OCeive engineering training at the University, it is very tenbach scored on another lay up School at Chicago, will speak on campus will be completed to- in the chemical engineering school, mond and his orchestia on Friday, likely that some of the advanced students in the ERC will be increase the marginl A1 Menk# “The Deeper Education” at a re- day. The soldiers are to arrive The soldier-students will be taught March 6, from 9 p. m. to 2 a. m. called to active duty, stationed with pay at the University and to bring the BoilerHSrtLririO^^S ^ by regular University instructors, in both ballrooms of the Union, will used as assistant instructors to the incoming men. , ’ Sf Biver? wall today at 10.dO a. m. ... , , i c According to present plans, the be opened tomorrow for seniors. a j j m-j. , , , . . . Badgeis, 4-5. Choir To Take Part will stait classes on March 15. majority of the army men will be Passports will be necessary in who have not Signed up for the Kotz Scores Sleeper The University choir of 250 J^pGCialized technical and SCIGH- quartered in the remaining Cary buying tickets, which will be sold by department to do SO imme- Menke and Biggs traded baskets voices, under the direction of A. P. tific training courses will be Halls, with the remainder of the from 8 a. m. to 5:40 p. m. in the diately SO that they may take Sullivan and Lautenbach to Stewart, will take part in the pro- given for a period of twelve weeks, men to be housed in two fraternities Cashier’s Office and from 4 to 5:30 Lff ^ *1 advantage of the arrangement count to 8-9. Patterson gram, which was arranged by Dr. The soldier-students’ courses will to be selected today. The frater- p. m. in front of the Sweet Shop. ^3liQTS nffl ’1 ri -e -t-i, -fi-p v. Lautenbach added four more Laurence Hadley of the University, last from one to four periods. nities that have offered their houses The sales will be extended to all Omcial Word from the fifth points to the Wisconsin cause* and who is in charge of the committee The representatives of the Fifth to the army are Lambda Chi Alpha, underclassmen on Tuesday and will * r j,j, service command has not been Jack Swantz scored a tip in after a on arrangements. Service Command are Major D. J. Phi Delta Theta, Beta Theta Phi, continue until Friday. I T3IITl f O/* f ©TtV received confirming the belief; under the basket to make Being on the University campus Gardner, in charge of the actual and Sigma Phi Epsilon. The Ex- Lew Diamond, a Chicago boy, however, at colleges where the score 10-13. Johnny Kotz, comis no novelty for Dr. Gilkey because negotiations; Lt. Col. Lacher, in ponent will carry the announce- started his own band twenty years ASTP Advanced Student Training on a screen play, collecthe has been the speaker at religions charge of medical and sanitation ment of the two fraternities that ago, at the age of 14. During these KJTTiCQl 1x3X1 fly p]a„ has been put into operation, basket convocations in past years, at Bac- phases; Lt. Fred Louis, attached to have been selected by the army twenty years he has played in many the advanced militarv students in -A^fter Lautenbach had scored on calaureate seiwices, and, in Novem- the party; and Arthur Lincicome, Tuesday. Chicago hotels and night clubs, in- Yesterday the tenth company of Enlisted Reserve^ Corns have ^ ^he side, A1 Menke her, he had a leading part in the assistant comptroller of the Uni- May Become Navy Center Too eluding the Sherman Hotel, Edge- arrived to take the sixteen ^ ^ ^ took a pass from Swantz for a score. Misious Emphasis Week presram. vei'sily of Chicago and the finaoeial a,, Univer- 2'“''. *“* ""fmilitary disciplmes, receiving prib™ n rti, m , “‘t, may alee become the center of Bl.ckhawk, Chen Paree, and Black- ‘<> ^ officer wth the month, food, However, Dean Gilkey would be representatives met with R. B. the snecialized technical and sci electrician’s mate, third j^e^ical care and ouartered on the Kennedy collaborated to gamer five at home on any university campus, Stewart, University comptroller, Plays At Palmer House class. campus. ’ ^ ® points while the Badgers scored four for he has a long record of degrees and other University officials. nrovirleH Viere veqtevrlnv when Tt present time Lew’s orches- Previous to their arrival on the • n r' c j make the half score 23-19 in tfep honors. Ho gradn.ted from omeers Responsible For Diseipllne A G Itweter .ml tr. Is playing « the Palmer Honsi campus the blnejacket, were sta- „e d h Harvard in 1903 with the A.B. de- ^ ^ ^ on Monday nights the Blackhawk tioned at either Farragut Idaho students in advanced mil- Menke Gets Hot gree, magna cum laude, and com- to the h ester visited the University ac J 8^ , the Bl^ekhawk Illinois T’he com^ intermission, Menpleted work for a Master’s degree ®osiers and will be responsible for compamed by Commander H. J. nfght and thfpanaer pany will he stetioned with com- ®tfy at the University until ke, Ehlers, Kennedy, Brower,,and in 1904. From 1005 to 1908, he was ° ® T ^ °i f ^ Room of the Sherman Hotel on panics seven, eight and nine in Cary semester, probably Biggs proceeded to set the crowd a student at the Union Theological of the chissrooms and laboratori^^^^ present Naval Training School for Saturday afternoon Z broadcasts Halls. being-sent to an Officer Candidates’ wild as Menke tied it up with two Seminary. The soldiers who will take the electricians at the University. J over both the nS Graduated Monday School with the rank of privates at baskets; Menke, fouled on the sec- „ J 4-v, A V equivalent schedule of junior and There is, however, no indication as , ^ ^ irraouateu ivionuay ^ mbose who ...... ..j-t * ..u i His record was so good that he * . . -i, 1, j- •, j . u ai tvt ■ v... a k ai. and Mutual networks m, • i -n ■ i j . . I ’ ond shot, scored to put the Riveters was awarded the seminary fellow- be divided to when the Navy might start the performers in the • Them classes wil include courses join the ERC and who are not sta- m the lead after only one minute Ship for.two years’ fuither study ^ new training program. Jerry and Jayne nonular j^^^hematics, electrical theory, tioned at the University will be sent of second half play: Mix Biggs and abroad. The first year was spent at girl duet. Skippy Farrell is the boy w ic wi e- to an CCS with the rank of cor- Jack Kennedy scored before the German universities and the second Kemfer AtlCf Klillk Wflte MfllfarY DePiffUCIlt vocalist with the band. The comedy fs ^hTc^mpSy commSd^eraS D^on whilron TctilVdnty with re''RivetSrreadirr2R-^r^“' at, universities in England, Ireland I iSiliaii f novelty features include Art a «;cntt iq IPp qnnprviqnmf thp in ^ “e with the Riveters leading28-23. and Scotland. Artlflp On Mshiral fis? .. ....... Kracko and AlKlubec who proseat In guarding Kotz, Brower foulrf In 1924-1925 Dr. Gilkey was sent AfllCle Ull NaiUral 035 l?|»n|lPn5 Rp^f ^oidlPt '”"2 specialty hum- j, gpo saltas fre in th™new class “‘•I’"”'®; and the Badger scoring ace dropped by the University of Chicago to the ... . mA r • PUJI bjUiyil^l bers. ^ ’ Get Forms In Armory in the first Wisconsin point of the great student centers of India. A , ‘ ^'^nd Dr^E McKern ■ ■ Last Monday night, 193 members All of the MT 5 and MT 6 stu- period. Having been fouled hy course of six lectures was given by ngineeiing, an i. . . ^k&l t f »• graduated in the sixth class and dents in the University are signed Rehmwhilemakingashot.AlMenhim in Bombay, Lucknow, Calcutta, o ^e^^anma vUiilwjl Ijiluisyil ff |||t0r|||3fIQH QffIC© ^bey have been transferred to ad- up in the reserves. There remain a ke scored his sixth and seventh Rangoon and Madras to audiences 7, ® ar ic e vance training schools or to active majority of the approximately 150 points of the period on foul shots to totalling about 40,000 of whom the is.sue o egis la ion oi ‘^°mP® ™ ^ t “■ Juty with the fleet. Commander students in MT 7 who have not give the Boilermakers a six-point large majority were university stu- wil be reopened AlHWefS toS llQUiflSS ^ug'h Bartley, commanding officer, signed. margin. dents. The article on “Flow of Natural ^'*1 be open until 5:30 p. m. T g^yg g^j^g Students who wish to sign up for After Kotz had counted, Sullivan Aa an undergraduate. Dr. Gilkey Gas in Pipe Line” gave detailed in- Tuesday. Competition will be open War Information Office opendd on Seattle, Wash.; San Francisco, the ERC may get special forms stole the ball and raced the length was a member of the Delta Upsilon formation of the factors involved in to all treshmen and sophomore mil- Thursday in room 312 of the Union. Calif., and Norfolk, Va. from Captain Robinson in the of the floor for a score, bringing the , and Phi Beta‘’Kappa fraternities, figuring the pressure drop in a gas . ose inteieste The interviewers were kept busy by Course Includes PEM 12 Routine Armory. This form must be filled tally to 30-28. Menke added another ^ He has a number of books to hiS pipeline. A method for correcting ^ ° , I'egister in the ba cony o inquiries of puzzled students -n ■ .z,. .i .)-, • • , xr out and taken to the local draft bucket on a push shot that was folcreclit, including “Jesus and Ouh the problem was included in this the Armory at a table provided for (.Q^cerning how long they can stay board. The requirement of the ap- lowed by a pivot shot for Kotz. The Generation,” and “Perspectives.” article. th^purpose. in school, enlistment in the reserves, mw!Tq n^m,vqf^nf q^v plicant to take the local physical Badgers tied up the ball game for The actual competition will be the probability of seventeen year old x i°a examination in order to get in the the second time in the period as kokl Sat.ri.y afteinoon, March 24, „„ jJ/j-RC. ®‘ ""f’cT “ x'“'x pSm”,': 1 ^EC has been lifted. Kotz and Snllivan scored iL tozsc. «■« IN* rh®cooLl is tmder the direction the score being 32.32. Red Cross War UriVe .kog.«eralbeha„.r, discipline me- ' «;--™vic.. and on Wednesday Sfafebard Slid B OdC “a J™ tied at 34. 36, 39 oici ana appeaiance oi me con information given by the n-iven liberty and 41, after which the Wisconsin W all I Ik H council is obtained from Professor , • , , A quintet started to slowly move away ill D ^’■"’y Hockema, Colonel Beere and Dean ,Jhere are approximately twenty AI1I10UI1C6S HiCiS from the Boilermakers. Patterson III l\60Cn 11 GW \30Ol Members of Scabbard and Blade, Knapp. All information concerning Patrolmen as a precautionary n^^de the score 43-41 on a shot from national military honorary, will the armed services, will be given to nieasuie, ut t ey ave no een r AMii*B«“kl beneath the basket, after which The annual Red Cross war fund and membership drive conduct the preliminary elimina- the War Information Office, accord- needed to any great extent up to the AOiUlQi UsnCC Menke made the next point for the among the faculty has begun and the executive committee has tion. Final judges will be regular to Don Brewer. Students may pi’ess'it timC Riveters on a foul by Sullivan. Patrequested that the campaign be conducted in the same manner nmny officers. visit the office every afternoon be- , , advanced course military stu- terson scored twice and Sullivan as the drive conducted for the community fund. OPA Representative f n X X- XI TT -X QX X u tUof JUo K'^d, silvei', aiid bioiize uiedal to whicli thc boarcl CEiinot soIvc will hc “ bard and Blade formal dance which front 49-42. Kotz scored on a techThe President ot the United btates has directed tnat me second and third place win- i-gferred to the proper University “T. March 19 should nical foul called against the BoilerRed Cross Roll Call and War Fund campaign for 1943 bo con- ners in both freshman and soph- officials. * ® cxpialn l\3llOninQ sign the list on the advanced course makers for too many time outs. He ducted through the month of March. This year’s national goal omorc classes. < tx 1 u x bulletin board before Friday, March was followed to the foul line by Sul-uuk-Dcix uxixuxifax D Burch Nunley, field representa- - i- i. j x i xx • x has been set at $125,000,000 as , . I I lusvorcilv five of the OPA from Indianapolis, zp, , , ,,, , . , , .1, . 1,7" Tf 7 4 ^‘’7 compared with $50 000,000 a dent of the War Council. ME Departflieilt Tssts UflfiVerSflV Avill speak on the subject of “Point wa's madeVLron a laTup“sS year ago. The quota for Tip- Headquai4:ers lor the diive r II ■ n ■ U# I ’n the lecture room of ^ pecanoe County is $37,000. have been CxStablished in the y UlllOII PBOIIflS WOTK ‘ dancing will continue The remainder/of the Riveter Membership cards will he basement of the Court House flBW f^iClIfll© UllSIS ^ next Wednesday at 7:30 p ni. The f,om 8:30 to 11:30. As yet arrange- scoring was done by Biggs on a foifi sent to the heads of each divi- and plans for the campaign X X xv. X • 1 I Ret^eived from London yesterday TipLcLme 7unt?°mTof Better Patterson and by Bob Morris Sion school and department have been formulated under , Any strange gun-shots that might ,vas a typically British letter, far 4 which m4 with a set shot. With two minutijs ’ ’ . -1 All +v,r> n+’TT' U Pniio-R hcai'd throughout the campus seeing and thorough. Those who x*. x • +i i, • v,' Advanced Students Urged To Sign left to play, an entire new team apthrough the campus mad. All the dliection ot E. B. Baugh, g-giogi, i„ afternoon sent it said “Please Publish” and we Chailcs ShambAugh is the chairman. advanced course students are peared for the Badgers, but their contributions must be in the chairman and K. F. Dickinson, are nothing to cause any great couldn’t resist. Professor Monroe of the English gjgj^ ^^e list. Their bids scoring attempt brought no results, form of cash or check made county Red Cross committee alaim among the students, as it is “College men who will be with department will introduce the Scabbard and The Summary: navable to the American Red chairman. Prof. F. C. Hock- mei'dy a research pioblem that is the American armed forces in the speaker. At this session Mr Nun- a-^g^^hers will be distributed PURDUE (45) FG FT PF TP n ^ nvxrl Vao oATit L^r Dip puiM i^ ill chfirtTO of the Uni- «na'ied on by the ME school British Isles are invited to register ley will outline the method of using ^ Swantz, f 10 12 Cross and must be sent by the ema is in charge ot the Uni ordnance Department of at the America University Union, blue stamps for War Ration Book Kennedy, f 3 12 7 department head to the Presi- veisity taculty campaign ana the government. l Gordon SquEire, Bloomsbury, Lon- No. 2 in purchasing rationed com- .... .-Ji ti/’lj , Morris,! 1 0 1 2 dent’s office not later than 12 Mrs. R. B. Stewart is in charge Although the project is to remain don, W. C. l. merdally canned and processed ////n/ I afCG Wl/uCatS,* Biggs,’f.' S. . 2 10 6 a. m., Mai’Ch 6, where they will of the women’s division who a secret, as it is material that would “The Union, as in the last war, is vegetables and fruits. , . , , Biddle, f 0 2 0 2 bo collected by the Red Cross will make the house to house interest the enemy to an endless a meeting place for both officers and Students, faculty members and Win Big Ten Title Menke, c 8 4 3 20 canvass later in the month extent, the research is being done men of university connections, and their families are invited to attend ^ Friend, g 0 0 2 0 com ^ ‘ - ni 1 • 1 xr 1 u 1. campus and the guns are the for their friends. It provides read- the meeting. This is the sixth in a Illinois last night won their sec- Borwer, g 1 0 2 2 To Receive Cqrds ^ Ihe kick-off luncheon has final test of the department’s woik ing and writing rooms, a complete series of meetings being held by the ond consecutive Big Ten title as Ehlers, g 2 1 2-i6 Those people who contribute been set for Monday noon, in the war effoi t. file of current catalogues from uni- local group of Better Homes in they completely overwhelmed the ’Petals 18 9 13 46 one dollar or more will receive March 8, but in the meantime versitie's both American and British, America organization. Northwestern Wildcats, 86-44. In WISCONSIN (53) FG FT PP TP a membership card. Red Cross teams of men have been or- 11 lending library, and detailed in- winning the conlerence title, the f. . 6 5 2 17 tag, and a Red Cross window ganized to ctvnvass the down- mUaJJU.ll . formation on educational oppor- p Sullivan, f 5 3 I 18 ,r, , X* XX 3 T X • J 1 • 1 3 • hov ihorp cl-irpiicc Inve tunities in Great Britain and Ire- X UV^UiLy lyULlUt# Ten scoring record. riAwnc- e a n n n sticker. The display of the town district and industries. iity mere turentt nave x,„j >. ■* ... Downs,! 0 0 0 0 . J J. 1 •!, rpu r> 1 r< • J- • you heard the rumor lana. Tickets for the convocation to IHuu Lead xVll Ihe vVay Hertz, f 0 0 0 0 window slicker Will pi-event The Red Cross is active m „i||e,. it bo held Thursday, March 4, .t The Illmi quimet had the situa- Fails, f 0 0 9 9 any fuithcr canvassing' in the all parts ot the globe and its seems he has been Cddot'f'CS which C, H, Kettering, vice-presi- tion well in hand at all times, lead- Patterson, c. 5 0 2 0 house to house drive which be- responsibilities have been in- treating a student You may obtain a subscription dent of General Motors will be ing at half time, 40-23. With nine Mills, c 1 0 1 2 gins later in March. creased many fold because of yellow jaundice to the Exponent in the main office the speaker, must be obtained by and a half minutes yet to go, the Rehm, g 0 0 2 0 The student drive which will the present war It is hoped for two months now of Wood Hall at any time during Monday, March 1 from the office Illinois shooters had i oiled the score Lautenbach, g 5 1 1 11 be conducted at a later date that students and faculty will 7”'* -7 7 the President of the Univer- up to 70-31 and their teammates Affeldt, g 0 0 0 ;0 , 1 XT T 3- X- • 3 XI . 3..., • that the .student include your box number as well sity. There is no charge for on the bench indicated that they Johnson, g 0000 Will be under the dnection of give to the best oi their ability is a chinaman. as your name on the subscription tickets. needed four more points for the Kruegei-, g 0 0 Norman Augsburger, presi- for this worthy cause. —MUDBALL blank. —HOCKEMA record. ‘ Totals 22 9 90.
Pdg^ 2
Purdue-Exponent
%
Sunday, February 28, 1943
Purdue Exponent
Offices: fditoHal and Business Purdiie Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, F-ieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m , 5377 Honororv Fdilor WiUiam C Hoskins W Uh tlio ( olois
Editor Bvftinrss MBimirer >^cwii Editor Mannirlni: tdilor Senior Adieriismir Mnnaecr Sports Editor lord Editor Cord Business rtecutiic
Dale F But? Gerhard H Klouman Kobert W Boswinkle bally Beall James G Petty Joseph S Dawson Jean I,aiicr A Jane Keim
Publication Staff Editorial staff Associate Editrrs I I ^ (-1 ) i B 1 Irn T I Tilton W H Tism \\ 1 \,.rniilioii M 1 bmilb C C Martin dell F "Murphi . „ , Coed Staff Phj Ills Mann Martha I co RifcKS Carolyn Wilbur Elaine Ahrens „ „ Sports Staff C Sonar Is I Ackerman D Shryer R Smith
Business Staff Assistant Advertisinit ManoRer T Jilpi Advertisinsr ManaRcrs J 1 le\ x C C a nt J McCullouffh J Tabh Circulation Manaeer R H kroci lin Accounts Manager Mary I ilts
Editor-ln Chief
The Purdue Independent
Bert Squier
Kight Fditor Sm 1 Day Editor Mann Workers Ricl Helffrick
This Issue Sports Editor Shryer Issue Editor Abbett 1 s C rtc r 1 ittU < rotiKs
Entered as second cli s matter at the post office in I afay ette Indiina aider tl iil f Cyni,rcss if March 3 18'i9 and at tic special rate of postiic proMded for in section 11(1 act of OcU ber 191 ll orir d January 20 1922 Publl bed on Tui day Ihiir day 1 r laj i nd Sunday moinines during the ym D \er d 1 cal v ly earner fir fl "o for a Bemester r 'll 00 f r t y em ter l> mill for $ 00 for a semester or oO f r tno sen < t i Repre-^nted fi mti n ii ahirti int. Ij Nat onal Advertis ing Seryice lie t llie P 1 lislier R pie-^entati c-s 420 Madisor \ e Ni\y ^ rk N \
Should Youth Vote?
“THE ONLY ANSWER IS YES” declares the tabloid Minnesota Daily in emphatic capital lettei s at the end of an editorial discussing whether the voting age in Minnesota should be lowered to 18 yeais, as a bill befoie the Minnesota state legislatuie calls toi '"THE CORRECT ANSWER IS NO” chal lenges the Exponent neai the beginning ot a similai editoiul The question was fust brought up last October when Senaloi Aithin H Vandenbeig pioposed to Congiess a con^-titutional amendment jeducing the voting age to 18 TI young men of 18 are old enough to tiqht ’ he said, “thej are old enough to vote Youth cuisadmg Mis Roosevelt came out in favoi of the,movement in hei column, “My Day” Several educatois and cditois ot high school papei s climbed aboaid the band wagon So fai bills similai to the Minnesota one have been mtioduced befoie the legislatures of 11 states Currently the Maich of Youth, Inc , is conducting a sin V ev of opinion i egai ding the matter at the Univ ei sitv The Student Senate will send the oiganzzation then ideas on the subject What the advocates of tiie youth bill seem to oveilook IS that lovveiing the voting age to 18 has nothing to do with winning the wai There doesn’t seem to be much con elation between being old enough to shoot a man and being old enough to select wisely men who can plan a world in which it won’t be necessary to shoot a man The war won’t last torever, and when the men return the proposed change would remain as part of the Constitution If the voting age vveie lowered, that means the legal age is lowered Ever since there was such a thing as a legal age, it has been set at 21 01 verj close to that In 26 countries the legal age is 21 oi above, while it is below 21 in onh " I has reached the legal age, he should l latiue The tiaditional age of 21 IS founded on long experience Do the advocate'^' of the plan contend that American voLith mature fastei than their foiefathers and the youth of othei countries If it be tiue that modem youth is moie educated than its foiefathers, it follows that modern youth lacks the pi actical experience of its forefathers, foi the time modern youth spends in school, the forefatheis of modern youth spent in earning their own living The forefathers learned self leliance and if anything reached matuiitv at an eailiei age than youth of 1943 No, Minnesota Daily and Aithui Vandenberg and Mis Roosevelt, we say the couect answci IS “no It would seem that if anything the voting age should be laised —i w b
Lt. H. P. HorsiTnan
fciacluatc ol tin Ln vci s t'\ in 42 has been ap poin ed aksistant oul lanci, oflicci it the flj'inj, ficliJ hen ]It was picviousl\ 1, tioricd itllailingcn J ex ab ai- ibU lit pnjjdtj in munition oflfuci I leutenant Jloibtinan 1 cc ivci il ui loi ol s itacc dcf^itcinnit char I al cnen ci i me,
U. R. W. Ke rsey f n m( 1 Univi i jU 1 u 1 \ hi j ol kn wmp as second hfutiiunt m ilu L S Uaiinc Coips and lia betn asy|j.nLd to i 'cithdiiitk s(uidion Licutcn lit Kdsiy dilistid in Pc I S Nasal K( n ve last J muai) I i
Qlie mSUMTOH _ Tm R,, U y fjl oil Merry-GO-RouKD
GRIFTANDFiBEMifr
• y DREW PEARSOfu Franco's Moroccan Army CaRed Chief Menace To Allied Forces In North Africa
WASHINGTON—In oidei to get an accuiate evalu ation of Aniei ican defeats in Tunisia it is necessaiy to go back and view the whole Noith African invasion picture First it must be admitted that continued setbacks in North Africa are bound to be sei lous because of the effect on Spam, which has a well equipped, Na7i trained army of considerable proportions m Spanish Morocco poised like a knife at the supply line of the U S Army There is no use crjing over spilt milk, but all this could have been avoided if the reactionary clique in the State Department had not deliberately stiflled a Republican Government in Spain and consistently pla5 ed into the hands of Hitler Hitler’s Spanish Fascist stooges now constitute the biggest menace to the American arm> and that menace will grow boldei with every American defeat If France does not move, however, the long range view of the U S mihtarj position is much better than injone ever hoped last November Inside fact is that the invasion of North Africa was delayed tin ee weeks behind schedule Originallj it was planned for late October Instead it came just after election in No V ember Reabon for the delaj was laigelv a m ittcr of getting supplies loaded and emb ii ked from ihe Atlantic Coast end one luinoi ciuicnt in military ci cles is th it ccitain high placed mihtaiy men not wanting Roose \clt to got the politic il bci cfitfiom i Noith Aiiicin VKtoiv it the Novtmbci elections woicnot ivdse to del ycd emb iikatioii « High Ocean Swells Wl itcvei miy have been the icasons the mdisput ible fact lb th it the expedition was del lyed so long that the Biitish vvcie gicatlj' woiiied icgudmg the eason il oee in swells ofl the West Co ist ot North Aliici end wained us that i 1 inding in sm ill bo its aiounci Casablanca would be impossible Atlantic bitakers lun extiemel5 high off the West Coist ot Aliici at this season and a landing is so dangerous that F S ships engaged in that phase of the opcia tioii hid ouRis to come b itl i ithci than wistc men li the We ithei w is too diffi ult However Gen Geoige Patton in charge ol the West Vfrican opeiation was determined to get his troop-, ashore and lutk was with liim The daj he landed turned out to be one ol the ealmest in si\t> >(ars Nextdaj when he sent some rtniaiiung tioops ishort the seas w 11 e hij h igain omeboatse psiycKl and men were diowned Luck continued w ith us in Noi111 \frica One stroke oi luck was Admiral Dai Ian We had counted on Gen Giraud but he was not able to stop French resistence at hist and Admiral Darlan s intervention saved davs oi hghting • Railroads Burn Grass That all of these lucky bic iks should happen at once vas moie than U S sti itegists had counted on Re suit w IS ihal w c landed lai ge'y w ith a detensn c ai my not piepaied to tike an mimednto o(iensue against Gel man lioops in Tui i ii Having found himsbll in thi foitunito position Gen Risenho \ei did his best to t 1 e idvintige of the lucky bleaks His tioops advineed ilong the Fiench Algeiian lailioad and the coastal highw ly is fast is possible Howevei the i i lioad is a limping line of commi nication No coal was av iilable so glass and stiaw weic buiied in the locomotivcb The liighwav IS good as f 1 as the boidei of 1 unisi i iftci which oi sti itcgic 1C isoi s it was neve hii 1 suit iced and it becomes a moiass ol mud * Despite these handicaps the U S Aimy idvanced to within 10 miles of Bi/eitc—much to the suipiise ot evciyone in Washington Ameiiean parachute tioops dioppiug on Geinian in fields w ell inside Nazi lines wcie able to hold them though suuourded by the enemy Foi i time it lool cd as if we would tike Bizeite by Thanksgiving • U. S. Luck Turns Howevci just as luck was with us at the btaiL so luck tinned against us latei Eveiyone knew th it ihe North Afiicin rams weie due at about this time ind the fact that the expedition w is thice weeks late in starting brought the Tiunsiaii battle light into the rainy season Fuitlioimoie the i uns tl is ycai li i i been heaviei than m many yt is \irports seized iiom the Nazis became sw imps Gen Jimmy Doolittle, landing on one aiipoii m a bomber took twenty minutes oft tor lunch and when he came back to his pi me it was bogged down to the fuselage It took three tiactors and a crew ot men digging ditches to pull it out Meanwhile the Germans could operate then planes iiom eoneiete I unw lysjust twenty minute, lerosstfu narrow neck of the Mediteriancan in Sieilv Then oeeuned one otliei tae oi which no one b ii gamed on llillei beg<,n pounng men into lini-.ii Why he did U was i niysteiy No one expected him to hold Tunis] 1 Jhc men he was sending, m seemed ecilun 10 be on i suici le mission—in i let still seem so ® Skatf-ering U. S. Prestige But now his sti ilegy is nine appaient Undoubt cdly it IS to town Ameiiean prestige shattei the icpu tation established by U S\tioops in the last w ii when they Clashed till ough the Al i-onne md Chateau Thici IV to wm the w ii Shatteiiiif: this pie tigc Ilitlei tpuie willhivcit otlect upon Spam upon the people oJ Fi iiiet Belgiiiin Hollmd wheic the United States m ly invaeie next summci But even more important Hitler’s strategy in iunisia IS to block an Allied invasion ol the Balkans I or months the Germans have been busy fortifying (he eoast ol I ranee until now the Dieppe raid shows it to be a mo.t diflieulf fortress llitlei has also foiti tied the eoast ot Southern 1 ranee, Italy the islands ol th ■Vleditenaiiean But he has not lortitiod the Balkans—weakest point m his aimor Thai IS the ieason foi Rommel s stubboin lesist cnee I oi as long as he holds the iienmsul i ol Tunisi i jutLiig out into the mid Mi elitci i mean, no Biitioli Ann lie in i i\y cm convoy iijiplic j) i t it foi in Allied inv ision ol the Bill ms thus IIiilci s piescnt sti itcgy may bt idinjcious p ct to oil plans ioi \ inning the wai this ycai Bu Vinciicin tioops ui Noith Aiiiea aie well ihc id ol tie t me ml unlcs the St itc Deiiutment’s fiiend 11 ill o tt K I s i in the le ii wc ue m no ic il dangei (Copyiight till by UniLed 1 catuie Syndicat;, Ine )
Makos mv blood bo 1, the 1 iicv wages Ihcj lo pavingvv oikeis when I think how hai 1 my giandfathei had lo woik lot my money ”
University Calendar
Sunday, February 28
10 30 A M
Conco—Dl ( has W Gilkey
Hall of Music
2 16 PM
Boy Scout Leadeis liainmg Gip
E Faculty Lge , Union
4 30 P M
Gill Scouts Meeting
Room 502 Union
7 30 PM
Lutlieian Students
Room 307, Union
Monday, March 1
4 00 PM
Committee on Stite of University
Room 263 Union
7 00 PM
PIA Dunce Class
So Balhoom Union
7 30 PM
Busketball—Ihdiana
Fieldhouse
Tuesday, March 2
4 00 P M
PIA Tea Dance
Rooms 355, 363, Union
C 30 PM
Lions Club Bisketball Banquet
So Ballroom Union
6 30 PM
Rural Wai Pioductioii Gioup
Assembly Rm , Ag Hall
7 OOP M
Ceies Meeting
Room 212, Union
7 30 PM
County H E Teachers
Room 261, Union
7 30 P M
Undcigiaduate Dames
Room 263, Union
7 30 PM
'Alpha Phi Omega Meeting
Room 307, Union
7 30 P M
Ghiistian Science
Room 302 Union
Wednesday, March 3
7 30 PM
Silvei Mask
Room 302, Union
^ 50 PM
Intel VusityChiis Fellowship
Room 307 Union
7 30 P M
Mainagt Couise
W Faculty Lge Union
7 SO PM
A I Cli E Meeting
Lect Rm Physics Bldg
7 30 P M
Tippecanoe Co Bettei Homes
leetiiie Rm EE Blclg
Thursday, March 4
3 00 P VI
Sciecn Review
H ill of Mlhic
6 30 P M
Rui il W11 Pioduetion (xioup
Assembly Rm Ag Hall
7 00 P M
How to Study Gieup
Room 107 Union
6 15 P VI
AgWmtci Gouise Socictv
As^emblv Pm Ag Hall
7 iOPVI
Glnmbsi ot Coiimeice Meeting
II ill ot Music
JoUamhuf. Jhs^ J’OundatlaMA.
le im w 1 c sent ti 0 toiel ind 1 ms Vill c sO pie cm a piognm 111 i mill ol II s committee is \ V 1 1 nil \ inel the ot ._i nieni lei 1C Dm Apci Vluln I ted Ih 1 ( iv d VI 1) i t He! 1
it 1\ (i unuiun will le laid it St ^ 1 n s I I (1 1 t hi it 1 its
Altcz the 5 0 sup])C! tin evening it tl G \Vc«lc Founehtion thcie viil be i piicl discission cone inctl with the techniques of jici on il le ligious 1 211 Next Si nd v t S theic V ill be i Viiiel W m I n itj which] loi illstiacnts il tiv cc men ii o s do i c ne i i e 1 come I 111 c 1 me ts w ill ! e s i v cd
1 he tfl| ic of the sen 10 1 it 10 15 will he Ihc (n et F ith m he Iloin Ol D u I n ss ind w dl be hi oide ist 1 y WASK
1 hi (Veil w ill 1 th Pin due ( ht the te pic c I Inch i VIi s show the g the piesent tl v ai d V ill tioiis coi ec (f hoi ibili
7 1 11 h i k in u ipp IK st pc 1 Cl it tl ( s 1 in Fo ind ition n cl hti disc 1 ion will be kum 11 ipp i w ill tly to nci il b itl giound foi ituntion m eh it eoun be gl id to nsw oi ques tun Inch i to the b st tv Also I deput ition
TODAY and TOMORROW
in ^
11L.
Sunday, February 28, 1943
• ^ %i''‘7 i1»t"'‘ * i." i, i t- ‘ Boilermaker Shorts 1 1^ 0 i*
Betas Take Meet With llVi Points
Cashing -in foi* the third succes- '
siVB yean Beta Theta Pi copped the anchor on the Betas’winning rhlay second, Winkler, Theta Xi; third, . ^ , , , combination. King, Sigma Nu; fourth, Barwegan, interfratermty indoor track meet, Nummary Phi Delta Theta. 38 ft., 7 in. amassing a total of 2714 points. 60 yard dash: First, Haivey, Phi 880 yard run: First, Capehart, Delta Upsilon, the Betas’closest op- Gamma Delta; second. Gutting, Beta Beta Theta Pi; second, Ericsson, pohents, grabbed second position ^heta Pi; third. Major, Delta Upsi- Theta Xi; third, Nielsen, Acacia; with 22 points. Theta Xi and Pi Ion ;fourth, Shoemakei, Alpha Chi fourth, Swager, Pi Kappa Phi. 2
Kappa Phi finished third and foni’th Rho.
in that order with 18 and 1614 points respectively. Jndividnal stars of the meet which Was a two-day affair were Ericsson of the Theta Xis and Gutting, Beta ace. Ericsson turned in an iron man performance by winning the mile and i;wo mile runs and grabbing a second in the 880 yard run. Gutting
60 yard high hurdles: First, Gutting, Beta ’Theta Pi; second. Smith, Sigma Phi Epsilon; third. Rising, Alpha Chi Rho; fourth, Newman, Theta Chi. No time recorded.' Broad Jump: First, Dunn, Lambda Chi Alpha; second, Jordan, Pi Kappa Phi; thii'd, VanDeman, Delta Upsilon; fourth, Moore, Beta Theta
tooi^ firsts in both hurdle events, a Pi. 20 ft., 10 in. second in the 60 yard dash and ran Shot put: First, Close, Sigma Pi;
niin., 8.8 sec.
Two mile run: First, Ericsson, Theta Xi; second, Gammie, Pi Kappa Phi; thud, Swagei, Pi Kappa Phi; fourth, Mangus, Alpha Chi Rho. 11 mm , 3.1 sec. 60 yard low hurdles: First, Gutting, Beta Theta Pi; second. Smith, Sigma Phi Epsilon; third, Jordan, Pi Kappa Phi, tie for fourth between Horth, Acacia, and Hinga, Pi Kap-
pa Phi. 7.2 sec.
I High jump: First, Rich, Sigma Chi; second, Kilpatrick, Alpha Kappa Lambda; tie for third between Dunn, Lambda Chi Alpha, and Duf'fin. Delta Upsilon. 6 ft., 1% in. Polt vault: First, Allen, Sigma Chi; second, Stallings, Delta Upsilon; third, Moore, Beta Theta Pi; fourth. Rising, Alpha Chi Rho. 10 ft. 440 yard dash: First, Van Deman, Delta Upsilon; tie for second between Hansen, Phi Sigfna Kappa, and Capehart, Beta Theta Pi; fourth. Major, Delta Upsilon. 53.8 sec. Mile Run: First Ericsson, Theta Xi; second, Gammie, Pi Kappa Phi; third, Swager, Pi Kappa Phi; (See BETAS, page 4)
iM Schedules Squad
Overpowers Riveters
The Circle Pipes Co-Op House basketball team defeated Chauncey House for the championship title by a score of 19-18. These were two pretty evenly matched teams and Circle Pines was leading Chauncey at the half by a score of 14-10. However, Chauncey came hack in the second half ringing up four baskets, against Circle Pines tw'o baskets and
a free throw.
Due to the vaisity game Monday night, the Caiy Hall final “A” bas-
Seniors Frank Ruggieri and Warren Evi.ston bowed out of intercollegiate dual meet competition in an impressive manner Friday afternoon by winning their matche.s against Michigan State as the Riveter matmen succumbed to the Spartans by
a 23-11 .score.
Michigan State, .sporting a team of champions, took com-
ketball game lias been po.stponed un- mand of the meet at the outset, and it was not until the recently
til Wednesday evening, March 3,
Couit 4, at 7 o’clock.
^TMMS WjSlTTTJVi NE?^RER victory
SLEEVE INSIQNiA«4 Ensign Lt. Jr. Grade Lt, Sr. Grade Lt. CommandeS Commander Captain SqooIv Civil Ikigineer Doctor Dentist Chaplain Pharmacist SHOULDER MARKSEnsign Line Lt. Jr. Grade Line Lt. Sr. Grade Line Lt. Commander Lind Captain Line And all branches ot Service Specialists.
MISCELLANEOUS-^ Button Sets Aviation Wings—Metal and Embroidered Rain Cap Covers Llama Cap Devices Sleeve Braid—Gold Lace Sleeve Braid—^Mohair Ties Gloves Scarfs Cuff Links Belts ENLISTED MEN’S RATINQ BAOQES— 1st, 2nd, 3rd, and Chief Petty OCacers and Striker badges— Aerographer Aviation Metalsmith Aviation Oai’penter Aviation Machinist Metalsmith Boatswain Carpenter—PainterPatternmaker Commissary Steward Cook or Baker Electrician Gunner’s Mate Machinist Pharmacist Mate COLLAR INSIGNIA— Ensign Lt. Jr. Grade Lt. Sr. Grade Lt. Commander Commander Captain SUDUlV Civil Engineer Doctor Dentist Chaplain Pharmacist Photographer Printer Quartermaster ' Radioman Signalman Storekeeper Torpedoman Yeoman
★ L STRAUSS & CO—AND 2 OTHER STORES IN INDIANA (AT SOUTH BEt>lD) ARE AUTHORIZED TO SELL OFFICERS' UNIFORMS UNDER THE NAVY PLAN
A* a result of the "Navy Plan"—these UniforirTs—’are available at the lowest prices—consistent with the high quality that the Navy yemandSii We regard If a real privilege—to be of Service—In helping to bring the Navy Plan—^to the fullest advantage of Navy personnel—by bringing to It—an understanding of the Requirements and Regulations of Dress—by presenting a Service that Is helpful (not pushful). And by rendering a FITTING AND ALTERATION service—^thaf insures Fullest satisfaction—(If you must have instantaneous Service—^that's what you'll get!) PRICES ESTABLISHED BY NAVY, DEPARTMENT Commissioned Officer’s Overcoat, $/i0 Commissioned Officer’s Overcoat, $50 'Aviation Winter WorJijj Uniforms $50 Commissioned Officer’s Raincoat-Overcoat '(with removable %oool lining), $37.50 Chief Petty Officer’s Service Blue, $30 Chief Petty Officer’s Overcoat, $i2.50 Chief Petty Officer’s Raincoat-Overcoat (with removable tvool lining), $37.50, No Charge for Minor Alterations— Other, Alteration Charges as 'Approved by Navy Department
1. STRAUSS & CO., "C THE MAN’S STORE
CIVIL, MILITARY AND NAVAL OUTFITTERS
A branch of the Army Quarl,ennaster’.s Depict; ifii; uMoma m) afifififiiifiijlfa.
An appointee of U. S Navy •-fw leetiiadiioh uswal myfoHBj,
The follownng team.s will lepoit to Volleyball Tuesday evening, March 2, at 7 o’clock: Acacia, Alpha Chi Rho, Alpha Gamma Rho, Alpha Kappa Lambda, Alpha Sigma Phi, Alpha Tail Omega, Beta Sigma Psi, Delta Chi, Delta Tau Delta, Delta Upsilon, Kappa Delta Rho, Kappa Sigma, Phi Delta Theta, Phi Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa, Phi Kappa Psi, Sigma Phi Epsilon, Triangle and Phi Sigma Kappa, Tau Epsilon Phi, Beta Theta Pi. It will be necessary that these teams lepoit at the specified time in older to be included in the tournament. To date theie have been only three entiy blanks turned in to the Intramui al Office for the ward volleyball Unless we have moi e enti les W’e cannot run this tournament. Please contact the Intramuial Office if you find you can organize a team in any of the Wards or Co-operative Houses Please contact the I M. office by Tuesday evening, March 2, if you wish to enter.
WGN Sponsors Most Valuable Player Award The thud presentation of the WGN Tiophy, an aw aid made annually to the outstanding basketball playei in the Big Ten, wull be made shoitly after the close of the season March 6 The trophy itself is an actual-size gold basketball, and the basis of the awai d is the individual playei s themselves.
Each School Ballots
Each school ballots foi its own most valuable man, and the ten names in trim aie submitted to a 23 man board foi the final decision. Wisconsin has monopolized the trophy the last two yeais with Gene Englund wirjiiing 'the inauguial awaid in 1941. Anothei Wisconsin star, John Kotz, leceived the honoi
last yeai
WELL SUITED LOR ANOTHER YEAR Today's war-minded men and women are making their clothes do for another season and keeping them trim at the same time. W ith the men in the Armed Forces setting tiie pace lor neat, well-tailored appearance, more and more civilians arc turning to scientific Sanitone cleaning to make their clothes last longer, look better. MieiCM lilili!
DIAL 7278
132 NORTHWESTERN
elected co-captain, Velmar Davi.s, won a 12-4 decision in the 16-5 pound cla.ss that the Boilermakers were able to erase the big goose egg that had clung to the scoreboard all thiough the fir^st five boute. Davis had Spartan Bui 1 Boring at his command duiing the entire match, but wa^ not quite able to put the Michigan man’s -houldets to the mat. Boiing was able to escape from Davis' holds only once.
Eviston Wins
Evie Eviston added three more points to the Boilermaker total when he proceeded to take a 7-2 decision fiom Mike Hathaway m the 175 pound division. Hathaway, a 1941 Michigan high school champ, stood head and shouldeis over Eviston, bijt any advantage that the Spaitan might have had di'jappeaied aftci Eviston made his first
take-dow n.
The only fall foi the Riveters was rogisteied by Co-Captain Frank Ruggieii m the heavyweight class. Ruggieii encounteied little difficulty in pinning- Andy Fuller in foui minutes the first time. He took the second fall in even shorter time. The heavyweight bout was probably the best liked by the crowd, as Ruggieii dealt his opponent a great deal of punishment befoie pinning him. Because of the irufibility of Vernon Singleton to wrestle Fiiday aftei noon the Boilermakers wex-e compelled to foifeit the 121 pound bout to Michigan State. In place of this match an exhibition match was I'un with Pieshman Haiold Parsons porfoiming- for the Riveteis against Tony^ Simpson of the Spartan team. Paisons, who was victoiious in all but one ot his sixty bouts in high school, pinned the Michigan perloimei in a veiy close match. Jennings Wins 121 Meil Jennings, who cairies a stung of titles a mile long around with him, demonstiated why he is the possessoi of these titles as he pinned Clint Sow aids in one minute and si.x seconds in the 128 pound match. Jennings has held the NCAA 121 pound title toi the last two
yeai--
Daniiy Nettesheim, the Boilermaker sophomore 136 pound star, lost the first bout of his college caieei when he chopped a close 7-2 dccioion to Michigan State's Iggy Koni ad The Spaiians picked the remaindei of their tw enty-thiee points by w inning by falls in both the 145 and 155 pound classes. George Steudel (See Sl’ARTAN, page 4)
"Did Ycu know that high allitudo makes you terribi/ tliirsiy? ‘Dehydrates’, they call ii. Vv'ho wouldn't want an ice-cold Coke. Coca-Cola not only quenches thirst, it adds refreshment, too. And taste ... a deliciousncss all its own. And quality you count on. Mokes j'ou glad you were
nnnm
f .,
BOTlLtD UNDER AUTHORITY OE THE COCA-COLA COMPANY BY COCA COLA BOTTLING CO. 6fh and Salem Sts. Lafayette, Ind.
BRTH SUPERBE
Select your favorite fragrance — try a cake — if it doesn't delight beyond your fondest expectation return the three unused cakes for a full refund.
^ THE BOX OF 4 - - - %Ftuge 4
Purdue Exponent
Sunday, February 28^ 1948
Problems For Fun To facilitate then consult]atioii solutions should he handed in on sepaiate signed sheets befoie 4 40 p in of the Fiidav of the tteek of the posting of the pioblem Inchidt with each solution a signed state ment that the solution was obtained unassisted Solutions aie to be h iiid cd 111 at tht Mathematics Office
Let w ~ weight used s — weight of sugai to one custoinei s - weight of sugai to oth (1 customei \ = one half of beam ^ ~ distance of fulci um fi om centei of bea Then In moments we have (1) w (\ -^ \ ) =:st\ — v) (2) s’(\ ^ s) —
llnis
s s = A\(\ \) AVt\ — v)
^ t
X T V
‘ 2w
PROBI EM 8 A man draws 4 qts of water from his auto radiator and replaces it with 4 qts of alcohol During the month '2 quart of alcohol evaporated He then draws out 6 quarts of the mixture and puts in 6'/2 qts of alcohol thus again filling the radiator to tapacifv It then tests 50 per cent alcohol Mhat is the lapacitv of the ladiatoi'^
Since
Solution to las) week s pioblem Tht following solution to last week’s pioblem w is cii l>v J uob A’ lazeison Solution (a) M hci c the fulci um ot the b il incc IS not at the centei of the beam
■> 1 the giocei \ — V loses Solution (b) Wheie the fultium IS at the centei ot the beam, but the pans 01 attuhments aie diffcient in weight \gain using moments it can be shown that the giocei neithci wins not loses Scvcial students consuleicd one 01 the othei ot the above cases but Ml Lazeison was the onh one to considci both cases Sigma Alpha Epsilon social ti iteinitv, will hold a tea dance Satutdav Match 6
Personnel Notes Companies Scheauled to Visit Campus \ Phillips Petroleum Co, Baitlesville, Okla—Match 1 American Can Co , Maywood, Illinois— Match 1 Intet tested in Chemists, ChE, MetE (Men and
•'vomen)
Zenith Radio Coipotation, Chicago, 111—Match 4 Intelested in Apiil and August EE Aimour & Companj, Chicago, 111 Maich 5 Intel ested in Apiil and August ChE Infoimation can also be obtained at the Peisonnel Office regaiding scholaiships, fellowships and assistantships at Univeisity of Pennsylvania, Eletchei School of Law and Diplomacy, Medtoid, Mass , New Yoik Univeisity
Classified Ads ROOMS ARC NEEDED If vou have one—let the students know 111 The Exponent Classified Ads. Call-—dOOS Ciidilation.
Typewriters Addinpr machines all makes «iol(l rented lepaiied and purchased Mimto J:,iaph woik done C J KbershofT 60o Main Lafayette Phone 2'*”9 Monev to Loan On diamonds watches, Kuns Inj^KaKf typtwnters Alhirtb loan Office 40/ Columbii For Rent—Study loom ind sleopinj- poich Suit iblc for me oi two hoys Phint llp)l Lost—A KT ly t pro it M idt by Rnhmond Biothtts Hi i 8121 W 211 Ro\ ud lor Rent—To maU students laij,c loom twin beds 19 W Oak St 2492 }<or Rent—Two loom ipaitment oi double 1 ) m t 1 i\\ b ys Excdlcnt loLation CIk ip 101 St lU Phcnc 1)
Spartan
(Continued fiom page 3) put up a game fight, but was not able to get an advantage on Bill Ross and was pinned in two minutes and thiity five seconds Roger Claseman, ignoiing the leeords that Bill Maxwell holds, took the 166 pound match in his ovyn hands foi the fiist period, but the Spartan came back in the second period and pinned him in two minutes and forty SIX seconds of this period Since they battled to draw in the final period the match went to Maxwell on a fall to give Michigan State five
points
Notices
Betas
I ost- ] i 1 \ I h
I I I) bli I Ri U with name 1 cast R w n 1 \1 G )od
(Continued fiom page 3) touiih, Nielsen, Acacia 4 mm , 55 4 sec Relay Fust, Beta Theta Pi (Capehait Poston, Caiison and Gutting), second. Delta Upsilon thud. Theta Xi, Fouith, Pi Kappa Phi 48 2 sec
I nst—Cui 11 wi 1 ruiiN > ibout 12 OH \V II ihtz
L wakh )) m ]
I 1 (b Phone
intcd— tl l IKt U t \\ A) } h
in hit students is w utois Px n cessiM Shoil hoins iin 1 ) jfi I 1 ml I ti ih m ] 11 s ( lub
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
No Notices will he accepted for this column after 6 p m on the day preceding: the issue. Navy V 1, V-5 and V-7 Members of N ivy Lnlisted Reserve who do not have pocket cards to prove membership in the Navy Rese ve should leave name place and date of induction homo address and claa&ific ition in my office A icquest for these cuds will be madi to the Office of Naval Officer Procurtment —KNAPP Met Students Metalliu pical EiiKinoerinff students in the Enlisted Reserve Coips who n ive not repoitcd to Room B 7 Armory to lecoid the f ict th it thev arc Metallurgic il Intineeis should nport it once
— ROBINSON
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Sle:ma Delta Chi Important meeting on Mondaj March 1 at 4 15 p m in the Exponent office New pledBcs will bo chosen —RAFERT All Women Students The St Loufb Giil Scout Council IS in need of Kiris to work in their camp this summei fobs available are unit loader assistant unit leadci and water front directoi Any one inteiestod should telephone oi come in to the Placement Serv ice for Women (29)5) immediately
EELDT
Activities Bureau Coed Workers CiaiK Bowel Fuchs Coopei Lane Wade Sehnaff Matson Hill Blow Connclley Griffith Cca^sff Walker Report to Activities Bureau office Monday Maich 1, at 4 15 for Inter viewing School Important - TYI ER Camera Club Meetinp: Woanosday March 3 in room 353 of the Union at 7 30 p m Prof Hawkins will speak on infia red photography and lilies foi spring salon will be announced —STOCKMAN Tau Beta Pi Busincbs meetinR Tuesday March 2 at 7 30 p m in loom -130 of the Union Election to replace lost recording seeietary Discussion of how to Gave some money -SEDDON Dolphin Club Important mooting Tuesday night Maich 2 at 7 16 j) m in room 104 of the Fieldhouso —SMITH Aeromodelers Important meeting Mon day March 1 at 7 30 p m in room 80 of the Union Be then —CRIST Scabbard and Blade Shoit business meet ingWcdmsdiy March ^ at 7 15 The loopi in the Union will be announced in Thurs day s Exponent Ruff night coming up soon HECKARD PAC Insignia board meeting Tuesday Milch 2 at 1 p m in Mackey s office JACKSON
Distinguished Students Refunds will not bo available until Monday March L 1^48, itt the Cashier s office in the Executive Building
—HOLLENSBE
AH Students Anyone interested in working on the stage propel ties make up light effects or costume cicws foi Aisenic and Old Lace sign the sheet on the bulletin
boaid opposite the ticket office
Hall immediate^ *- LESILK All Students Anyone wishing to work on the piopcilics crew for Arsenic and Old Lace leport to the Playshop office in Fowler Hall at 1 p m Monday March 1
— LESTER
Hillcl Members Meeting today at 6 30 at the Hillcl House There will be supper, dancing ind a panel Public Invited lOB mm Distinguished Howit/ei Competition Puidue Armoiy at 8 p m Wednosd ly evtning March 3 There .,c nine conipet.nK _jjobij„son Military Students A Kioup ol four redla movie film on the subject Identificatioit ot riiondly Aircraft toBtther with a reel from the Aberdeen ProvinK Ground will bo shevn in room 129 of the E E building; Wednesday March 3 at 4 p m All military ‘ students aie invited to attend The besdon will last about an hour —MAIER
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
NOTICE
We pay 1c each for all hangers in good usuable condition if brought to our office. WEST SIDE CLEANERS
Get Your— STATIONERY and SUPPLIES of ALL KINDS Uoiversity Book Store Phone 2192
Sprimi Showmif of Mew Slatclis ★ TWILLS ★ GMMDOES ★ BEDFORD CODDS Roger's Men $ Wear East- Side Square
• SAMDWICHES and Soft Drinks Also CURB SERVICE TRIPLE XXX Corner of Saissbury and Main
SouJJmifdltL
SMALL ElNOUGil to {><‘1 soluili/o ils sorxico to you, yet LARGE ENOUGH to oil or voii the Ijirgest stork of USED AND NEW TEXTS Uoniplrtr Studriils Supply
PATRONIZE ADVERTISERS of EXPONENT
YOUR APPEARANCE IS OUR BUSINESS
“Will you . . . woii’l you . .. will you take me out to dinner, Ed"”. I’m so tired of cooking, let’s go to Tom’s . . . you know special like! “Darling, you’re on! Tom’s Steak for me and anything your little heart tlesircs. Let’s go —to 10111%!” TOM'S RESTAURANT 301 University
PURDUE BASKETBALL
PURDUE No. Name and Position 17 Max Biggs, f 4 Ralph Borwer, f, 3 A1 Menke, c. (Capt) 18 lohn Kennedy, f ] 4 Edwin Ehlers, g
6 Gerald Witsman, f 7 William Kercheval, f 9 John Swantz, c 11 Robert Morris, f 15 Donald MeVey, c 16 Robert Myers, f 10 Floyd Lawson, g. 20 Paul Friend, f. 22 Robert Biddle, f
■^4
INDIANA No. Name and Position 17 Hamilton, f 7 Logan, f 20 Williams, c 14 Swanson, g 21 Wittenbraker, g
4 McGinnis 6 Funk 9 Cowan 11 Smith 15 Kilby 16 Lewis 18 Denton
HARDWARE, PAINTS and ^ SUNDRIES Edgerton Hardware E, W. VanMeter, Pres. Phone 4354 West Lafayette
IN A HURRY? Call a YELLOW CAB .7023—Dial—.3071
1 I Ol I) Rl 1)1 1 U\ S()\
Your car mu si serve you for the duration— Let us serve your car—
FRANK'S PLACE Quick Service Good Food Try Our Tenderloin Sandwiches -WE MEVER CLOSE-
Pete "Doc" Anderson
Purdue ’07 ( oriier ol* Sixth and Alabama
Phone 4048
Everylhing for a College Education DEAC’S