% \ V _,T
t* v
I
MERRY-GO-ROUND SEys Eden Is One Year Late In Dealing With Russia
U Ydlttme 55, No. 108 MT-7 All MT-7 or 7 specials who wish to enlist in the ERG must £6tnpl6te their papers at Tipp^(lipde County. Selective Service j^ard No. 2 by noon, Monday, liihrch 22. Initial papers may be seOUted at the main office, Purdue Alfinory, Monday morning. —ROBINSON. i*- ^
Established 1889
xfumem 9 SNAPlIed Apain!
Purdue University} West Lafayette, Indiana
Balloting To Select Relays Queen Will Begin Tomorrow Afternoon At 4 For Ticket Holders
EDITORIAL SAYS Campus Cuties Dislike 'No Cut" At Union Mixers Sunday, March 21, 1943
Notice
There will be a meeting of all students interested in the Army A-12 or Navy V-12 in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building Tuesday, March 23, at 4:00 p. m. Do not sign np for tests until after Tuesday morn-
ing.
-F. C. HOCKEMA
komberg To Present Musical Convocation Next Sunday Final Program Of This Series Will Feature Other “ T Stars: Maria Nash, Gene Marvey, Grace Panvini AppliontS 10 TaKG
Army-Navy Training
Students Afay Obtain Tickets
Sigmund Romberg, composer of many well known operettas, will present his orchestra and soloists in the last ojf the present series of University convocations and public lectures on Sunday, March 28, at 2:30 p. m. in the Hall of Music. His program takes the place of the play scheduled to end the convo series.
Balloting to select a “Queen and her court of three attendants to reign over the Purdue Relays” will begin tomorrow afternoon from 4 to 5:30 at a voting booth in front of the Sweet Shop. Voting will continue for three days under the supei-vision of the Student Union.
F. C. Hoekema, assistant to the Final tabulations will be made at
Reserve Corps To Reopen
At Sweet Shop Por Juniors In Engineering
Tests On April 2
Annual Insect
Conference Begins In Union This Week
War Department Announces New ERC Plans; Students Wil! Meet At 4 P. M. Tomorrow In Armory
■Romberg will conduct the forty piece orchestra in playing President, had announced that ap- 6 o’clock Wednesday with the an-
many of his own tunes as well as those of other well-known composers, including Strauss, Schubert, Chopin, Delibes, Hefbert and Kreisler. Romberg is the composer of the operettas “Student Prince”, “Blossom Time”, “Desert Song” and
"New Moon”.
Soil Conservation Society Members To Meet April 2
plication blanks for the Army Spe- nouncement being made in the States will hold their twentycialized Training Program and the Thursday morning’s edition of the second annual conference at the Navy College Training Program Exponent. University March 25 and 26. All qualifying tests on Friday, April 2, In order to inform the voters nieetings are to be held in the are now available at the Personnel about the candidates for the title Union Building. Previous to the office in the Executive Building. of queen, a list of specifications was S®neral meetings on the 25th and Assistant Dean W. A. Knapp is turned in upon each candidate. thei'e will be a meeting of the ari-anging for a meeting of all those Heights start at 5 feet, five inches Central Plant Board on March 23 interested at 4 o’clock Tuesday at a turned in by Mary Mattix, North ^ naeeting of the Extension place to be announced later. These Hall; Martha Lee Riggs, Delta Entomologists on the twenty-fourth
All University juniors who are in their third year of school, are taking approved technical engineering courses, and are in good standing may now join the Enlisted Reserve Corps. The following information has been released by the War Department regarding the enlistment of the above mentioned
Entomologists in the North Cen- juniors in the ERS: “Junior (third-year) students who are
'■■■ — — pursuing approved technical
Penn State Sponsors Intercollegiate Match For Women Bowlers
Games for the Women’s Intercollegiate Bowling Match, spon-
engineering courses and are not members of the Enlisted Reserve Corps will, if voluntarily inducted prior to the end of the first full semester or substantially corresponding academic period that begins in 1943, be placed on inactive duty continuing such technical engineering courses until the end of that semester or
Soloists with Romberg’s company Meeting of the Soil Conservation applications, properly filled out, Betty Hutchins, Alpha pvpnlno- nf Mni-r-u od
itt.clude Marie Nash, musical com- Society, Agricultural Experiment will admit qualified college students p * Omega. The shortest of the ' - e'dy star; Gene Marvey, tenor fea- Station and Extension department applicant may in- hopefuls are Annie Stinson, Phi Mu, Since the North Central States sored by Pennsylvania State Col- period, tiired with Burns and Allen, and workers will be held April 2 at 9 whether he pre- and Rosemary Oesch. SCA. Conference is intended for the dis- lege are now completed. Forty- ..rpjjgy Gi-ace Panvini, star of concert and a. m. in room 263 of the Union f®*"® 1^^® Navy which Most of the coeds entered have cussion of major problems of mu- eight girls bowled two lines apiece ^hose selected at the
building. Purpose of the meeting is includes the Marine 'Corps and brown hair and blue eyes like those interest, war problems will be last Tuesday and Thursday nights completion of their basic miUtary to discuss the service technical pro- Coast Guard. of Vivian Peterson, Alpha Xi Delta, is yeai.roup ea ers at the Union alleys. The results training for further technical traingram in Indiana, to present the Candidates will be chosen from but Sue Mayer, Pi Beta Phi, offers briefly discuss their .assigned were then tabulated with Eva Wil- ing will be detailed for/such instruc-
The convocations committee has ^gghnical problems which are faced those who successfully complete the varsiety with her auburn tresses topic, and then an open forum will liamson in first place with a score ^.^g Specialized made arrangements to sell a lim- jjy ^.j^g Service, to provide a chance tests to attend colleges under con- and brown eyes. The blonde, blue ^® ^®^^- In no small way insects of 189 and Mary Boddinghouse in Training Program.” ited number of single adm^sion for the workers to be informed on tract to the Army‘or Navy. Stu- eyed element is offered by Donna play a definite part in war success, second place with a score of 167. wi,vihlp.
new research data, and to be ad- dents enrolled in either program Leever, South Hall, and Kay Heit- Pietection of ciops and animals to These two coeds are a part of the
opera.
Tickets On Sale To Public
tickets to the general public. These
will be under military”discrpYine'on man, Chi Omega. Sue Mayer pos- ^ is dependent upon University bowling team. The re- Students who may be included in active duty in uniform with pay. All sesses the smallest waist, having insect control. suits of this tournament were sent this technical engineering program including fees, food, one which measures 21 inches. The Thursday, the twenty-fifth, the to Pennsylvania State College. ^^■®' aeronautical enginers, automo-
can be purchased at the cashier’s • , u i • li. in X- -D Mj- XI.- vised by State workers. .
office in the Executive Building this
week for $1.10. Students will be ad- Introductions are to be made by ^ ^ „ mittdd by passport and season tick- R. 0. Cole of the Eidension depart- books and uniforms will best proportion between bust, waist general sessions will discuss field Other colleges all over the country U've engineers, chemical engineers, ...111 J ,n lanr. n w, j^g.pgjj ^j^g j^jjjvy 01’ the Amiy. and hips is that tabulated for Betty crop insects, fruit and vegetable in- conducted similar tournaments and engineers, electrical engineers,
Those students selected for ^ perfect, 36-26-36. Ann sects; and other miscellaneous prob- the results of these contests have ventilating, refrigerating and undergo Ostrander, Kappa Alpha Theta, and lems. The banquet will be held on also been sent to Pennsylvania Col- aii’-conditioning engineers, mechan-
ets will be honored.
The doors of the Hall of Music will be opened at 1:46 p. hi. so that the audience will have ample time to bo seated before the early curtain time of 2:30 p. m. requested by the Romberg management because of transportation schedules. Mas Civil Engineering Degree
ment. Professor A. T. Wiancko will be leader in the discussion about Agronomy, Animal Husbandry, Agricultural Economics, Botany, Dairy, Entomology, and Horticulture. Remarks will be made by Director Reed, Dean of the Agricul
Army
must
Program
further screening during thirteen Donna Leever are veterans of past that evening. Friday morning an- lege. Within a few weeks the re-
weeks of basic military training be
fore they are finally qualified for
ure School. 1. D. Mayer of the ®®l^®ee attendance. However, those Agricultural Engineering depart- students chosen for the Navy Pro-
ment, will lead the discussion in
Romberg came to America in 1913 Agricultural Engineering. The for- D®®® Naval Officer Procurement, with, a civil engineering degree, estry discussion will be held by directly to college,
which he admits didn’t help him C. E. Swain, and leader of the BiiPuch. He found a job in a New ology, Botany and Entomology disYork I’estaurant orchestra and was cussion will be R. M. Kriebel.
directing it before Ibng. He wrote his first tune soon after. Recently he rewrote the original lyrics to his well known composition, “Stout Hearted Men” and turned the song over to the Navy. Royalties accruing from the sale of the song automatically are the property of the
Navy Relief Fund.
ical engineers, radio engineers,
beauty fame, having been Debris other general session will be held suits of the contest will be pub- ®h®niists, rnathematicians, physiqueens. after which the business meeting lished and University coeds will including astronomers, psyOnly purchasers of Relays tick- will take place. Friday afternoon know how they rank in comparison ®I>ologists and metallurgical engi-
ets will be entitled to vote in the the meeting will close with a dis- with other champion bowlers, gram after being passed by the contest. Official ballot blanks will cussion of the European Corn
be furnished with each ticket sold Borer,
in advance. Tickets will also be sold Aeromodeler's Club
Crocker Will Speak To American Society Of Plant Physiologists
Photo Contest Closes Entries All entries in the Camera Club
at the voting booth for the convenience of those who have not ob-
tained official ballot blanks.
J. E. Clark
To Stage Contest On Sunday, March 21, the Aeromodelers will hold their first spring
Five Expert
Judges To Pick
Best Pooches
Juniors who are interested in the ERC or in getting more information about this opportunity should meet in room 106 of the Annory to-
morrow at 4 p. m.
Caroline Richardson
At three o’clock this afternoon the dogs of Purdue will compete for
Alpha Zeta Speech Contest Will Start
Next Tuesday
Ag ’41, has received the
photographic contest must be in by Purple Heart award for bravery in session on Miller s Field, lotomorrow afternoon at 6. The con- action on the New Guinea front, cated north of Intramural Field,
test is open to all students, with Clark, a scout intelligence observer, at 2 p. m. It will continue until all honors in front of Fowler Hall. A an entrance fee of 25 cents for non- is in Australia recuperating from a models have cracked up. Besides total of 28 proud pooches will paCamera Club members. Both por- head wound received while with the the Harker trophy, the winner will rade before the judges’ stand in an traits and photographs on any pic. advanced patrol which first con- receive a kit and some balsa wood effort to attract favorable atten-
PIA Sets Tomorrow At4P. M. As Deadline For Office Petitions PIA petitions for president, vicepresident, secretary and treasurer
Dr. William Crocker, Director of torial subject arc acceptable, and tacted the Japs in New Guinea, donated to the club by a former tion. The judges will then step pj^ office by to-
the Boyce Thompson Institute for any entrant may submit as many Plant Research, Yonkers, N. Y., and pictures as he wishes,
a noted plant physiologist, is to be
He was in the front lines for 64 member who is now in the armed
consecutive days. forces.
NOTICE
morrow at 4 p. m. Enti’ants for ward chairmen from A to G must
principal speaker at an open dinner meeting of the University section of the American Society of
Preliminaries for the annual I Physiologists Thuisday night
speech contest sponsored by Alpha
Zeta, agricultural honorary, will be All local scientists have been exheld in the assembly room of the tended an invitation to attend the Horticulture Building at 4:30 p. m. meeting at which Dr. Crocker will Tuesday, March 23. Finals will he discuss “Phytohormones and the held one week later in the same Regulation of Plant Development.” place at 7:30 p. m. i Dinner reservations should be made Applications listing the entrant’s 'vith Prof. C. O. Lee, of the Pharname and subject may be turned in uiacy Department, before Wednes-
at the Spech office in University 4ay noon.
Hall, at the Agriculturist office in Crocker organized and built the Union, or to Russ Hardin, chair- Boyce Thompson Institute for man of the contest, at 607 Uni- pia„t Research and has been its versity Street, before 4 p. m. Mon- director since 1921. Crocker is a
Prexy Don't Live Here Any More . . .
Dr. Elliott Directs University Policy In Three Room Suite
Dog contest attendants meet in turn in their petitions at the same front of Fowler Hall today at 2:45. time.
Have your dogs on lease. Numbers and directions will be given you.
Those who would normally fill the vacancies are being inducted
_ under the ERC program, and a coindown and inspect the canines close- piete new staff will be required, ly in order to detect small faults Requirements for candidates are as that may have escaped their eyes, follows: petitions must be signed They will supply their own rating by 25 PIA members, candidates devices and set their own standards, nrust all be PIA members and enWeary Day Yesterday trants must attend the University
According to various reports, the jbis summer
entries spent a wear day yesterday ^oard will The dirt was scraped and scrubbed candidates for the office
from them by ambitious promotors. ^ -j i.
Then*'hair was brushed, their teeth
Pictures of all the past and pres- scrubbed and their toenails mani- sponsors tea dances, m-
day, March 22. _ graduate of the University of Chi-
Subjects for the speech may he cage, where he received the Ph.D. Board of Trustees’ Room and Preschosen from any field that pertains in 1906. He served as a member of ident Elliott’s Office. » to some current phase of agricul- the Chicago staff from 1909 to 1921. The President’s Office has u large
ture, and speeches are to be seven
minutes in length.
By Jack Abbott
Situated at the south end of the . xu ' a. x * ' A V, A formal dances and recreation for
Executive Building is the “brain” ‘‘ sketch of President Elliott ent members of the Trustees are cured. Evidently all are determined dances, and recreation tor
of the University This “brain” is T. McCutcheon’s cartoon mounted along the walls, "and there to win the cup for “Best Groomed”, divided into two sections — the bought during the recent is only one picture missing of all if nothing else. This clean-up cam-
War Bond Rally. the persons that have ever served, paign will aid the judges in being Books Given By Friends Large Maps unprejudiced, for they won’t recogThe President also has a small The north wall of the Trustees’ nize the glamorized hounds, table in his office that is covered Room contains a number of large Clear weather is predicted by the
His research in plant science won 8'i'ay I’ug covering the whole floor books which have been given maps and charts that are necessary weather man, and a big crowd is for him the Gold Medal award of ^*''4 the walls aie of walnut pane - friends and book campanies. for the Board of Trustees’ work, expected. Each dog will bring its
Three judges, including one from Society of Arts and Sciences in I lesident Elliotts desk is lo- steel file cabinets is a Below these maps and charts is a own cheering section although the the School of Agriculture, one from 1931, and the Gold Medal of the ®ated at the extieme east end of Scholarship Improvement Trophy plan of the University when it is judges claim that they will not be the Speech Department and one American Institute of the City of I^^® offi®®- Ohaiis aie pouped .^y^jeh will some day be awarded entirely completed, which was de- influenced. Members of the Expofrom outside the University will New York in 1938 for “contribu- it in a semi-ciicle in fpnt Fraternity Advisers’ Asso- signed by Walter Scholer, the Uni- nent staff’ will attend the event in award medals to the winners of the tions to the knowledge of life proc- 1*^® desk, a little back of this is elation to the fraternity outstand- versity’s architect. Right next to order to suppoi’t their entry—The first three places and a cup to the esses of plants and for unique lead- laige woik table. scholarship. “our” University of the future is Mystery Dog. Several cameramen organization sponsoring the win- ership in the organization of di- President Elliott’s desk is a veiy The Trustees’ Room is connected a large picture of John Purdue. will circulate among the dogs and •i®'’’ \ verse sciences and techniques in clean one, showing his ti’ait of al- with the President’s Office by a door The east side of the Trustees’ snap pictures. In addition to cups, . ... plant research.” ways keeping up with his work, ^t the west end of the President’s Room is made up of lai’ge bulletin the winners will be presented with ®I‘^d:^ispelling,^so^alI^^^
Dr. Crocker has spent the past upon it are located a medium Office; upon entering, you see a cabinets in which the President’s photographs taken at the contest, three months as a visiting professor sized statue of an eagle and an ink- room very similar to that of Dr. Annual Reports are kept. The cab- The Judges
... of the University School of at the University of Washington, "’ell to match. The desk has a large Elliott’s. There is a large table in inet also contains the University The judges for the contest are Mechanical Engineering, has been Seattle, where he has delivered a bl®Her pad on it and a paper file on center with eleven chairs Calendar, and entire set of the Prof. J. W. Geiger, Prof. R. Philapilointed a member of the Topic series of lectures on plant physi- *'*’® '•'PP®® '®H hand corner. grouped around it. At one corner State Assembly’s Acts, all of the lips. Prof. E. L. Butz, Prof. “Doc” Committee on Material for the ology. He is a Fellow of the Amer- Part of the north side of the of the table is a smaller table with Debris and Engineers, and all of Martin and Dr. Miller. All of these American Petroleum Institute, This ican Association for the Advance- room is made up of cabinets in four chairs, which is used by the the Scrivener Magazines of the judges have met the one requireeommitteo has the selection of top- meiit of Sciened as well as a mem- which the President’s personal files members of the faculty who have past. An entire set of the Exponents ment that they have no previous ich for discussion at tlie A, P. 1. her of many other technical and are kept. An adjoining door leads business with the Trustees, and by are kept in the basement of the knowledge. But, to quote one of meetings, scientific organizations, to Professor Hockema’s office, the Secretary to the Board, Executive Building. them, “We expect to learn a lot.”
Dr. E. N. Kemler
independent students. A feature of the PIA is the Tuesday afternoon tea dances held in the south ball-
room of the Union Building. Debris Calls For Salesmen Debris office is holding a special
callout for business staff workers, Wednesday afternoon at 4;00 in the Debris office on the second floor of the Union. The main function of the
dents interested in salesmanship are urged by the Debris to attend
this special callout.
Faculty Notice There will be a regular faculty meeting tomorrow afternoon at
4 in Eliza Fowler Hall.
—ELUOTTf
/ I
Page 2
Purdue Exponent
Sunday, March 21, 1943
PdrdUe Exponent
I Offices Editorial and Business
Purdue Memorial Union Phone 4005 Sports, Fieidhousc Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m , 5377
lfonorBr\ Editor \\iniam G Hoskins
»»th the ( olors
JrafiineBs Mfinairor NeTis Editor Manasrins: Editor Advertising Manager Sports Editor Coed Editor Cood Business Exccutnc
Dale E But? Gerhard H Klouman Robert W Bosviinklc Sally Beall Tames G Pett> Joseph S Da\\aon Jean Lnucr A Jane Kcim
Publication Staff Editorial Staff Associate Editors !• J Veth I 1 Ricliarl oi T L Tilton W H Tj-son W 1 Vimillion M L Smith C C Martin dell, E Mtirphv Coed Stair Ph\llis Mann Mnitha Lee Rirbs C irolyn Wilbur Elaine Ahrenr Sports Staff C SoMards T Ackerman D Shrjer R Smith Business Staff Assistant AdvertisinR ManaRcr 1 Filpi Advertising ManaRcrs J 1 kxot C Gaunt J McCullough J Tnbb Circulation ManaRcr R H Kricilin Accounts Manager Mary Dills
The Purdue Independent
Editor in Chief
Bert Squicr
Staff For This Issue Night Td tor Verphy Issue Editor Abbctt Dav rd tor Mann Sports Editor Smith Reporters Ford Richardson Craig Tostevin Yargar Don ham Bay nes
El ter d a® second class mat er at the post office ip Lafay et i Ii c igna und r the act of Congress of March 3 18 9 and at th special ra of postage provided for in section llOS nc of October 3 191 authoiiiod lanuary 20 1922 r ibl sh dtaT sda Th r dav Friday n 1 Sui day morning dtirn gthe y ^r Leliv rod 1 cally by carrier for $1 75 for a semcftei o $3 0 for t s m st r by mill for %Z 00 for semester or RJ fO for two «cme ters R present d for natu nal n Iv rtmmR by National Advertia ing Seiv ce Inc Coll Re Publish is Representatives 420 Madison Ave New York N I
IHREE SCOOPS MAKE ONE SOCK
]C\K 1 \ Wt t'iou,^lit tilt Indiai >5 \ tit on the udipath again when \e heau! Iht bit, v ai wlioop that let loose tiom the DU table at the Bla/ti Iiidat night A boon is the likoholit ) a/t died down and oui eves began to forn jnipei'v agaii wi sa\ tl at the taust loi then niejJ nicnt v is Pi J-’uih 41ii st Peaulv Queen Dob Seeburger a ho ts v ju leiall leit sthool la&t semes tei loi the Aimi lies 1 ul n tjwi loi i lew da\ plu teeiiiueal stig ants stupes iiid niii us the old btei belli li Jis-t to a\ tveiesoiij that we wtitn t in ontlitiinti Jo' 1 1 wav t O C S md this is Jiifa h st Jiiiif, 1 ji (;uu( a w hill 1 OUI iJ I \ PlI r S \1 \KI 0\i f^AIvl OAD J INKS ip ) ound things ofl wed Jike to hive jou sciatth Thetii il«an Kelly oft voui chgibilili list binct she took Dob Dioddb Pin Psi badge the othei night We
‘Cut’ Dances . .. Bi ought to the campus with the aiiival of the Curtiss-Wi ight coeds was a suggestion for something diffeient m the social life a,t Piudue An Exponent poll of the girls’ ideas about the University showed them to be stiictly in disfavor of the “no cut” custom at the Satuiday night mixers Down in Texas, the gills say, dancing is much moie fun because danceis change partners e\eiy other dance oi so As infoimation to the giils it might be said that the piesent type of dancing has not been alwai s in i ogue at the University, either According to Miss Blanche Millei of the Purdue Libiaiy, back in the da>s when members ot the football team woie moustaches, “a wall flower indeed, was considered the giil who danced twice with the same man, othei than the gentleman w ho bi ought hei, and he danced only the fii st and last dance with his date ” Well qualifiea to talk is Miss Millei, too, foi she was the date of the chaiiman of the piom committee back in 1907 But to get back to the Univeisity and 1943, perhaps the Student Union can use the suggestion of the Cuitiss cadettes and Miss Millei in sponsoiing a dance whcie most of the men dance with most of the w omen It w ould be an interesting expeiiment—and it might woik —^rw b The Ratio
3.55 ... to 1
UNUSUAL Though it may sound stiange we undeispind the coeds rat-hei than the tds as ib noimally the case were the rubbernecks when it came to the clinch in the Theta Sig Ep pm seienade the othei night foi Molly Fleager and Chuck Showalter It seems that Milly has never exhibited much passion foi hei boy fi lends in the past and since the sisteis had nevei sepn her m action they were interested in whethei the gal could pitch piopeily oi not She did
FABLE I’ve got a little stoiw to tell you It concerns the fraternity song leadci (any fiatcirity) and a Pi PI i (any Pi Phi will do) bujs the song leadei having called the Pi Phi house How about a pm seici adc Thursday (or any othei) night foi Joe Blow and Jane Jones''’ Says the Pi Phi Oh, we can t let hei hay^ a pm seienade, she s onl> a pledge ’ Ed ‘ Why not’” Pi Ph) Why it we let oui pledges have pm serenades we d be having them just all the tune Haw Haw Haw say we TWELVE STOCKS MAKE ONE CROCK LOOK OL r We’ve noticed that Kappa Becky Pershing has been spending cjuite a bit ot time with a ceitam Ensign She seem" to enjoy it but watch out Beekj jou saw what happened to sistei Jansing You know pioht ly otl ei’b expeiiences etc TEN CPOCKS MAKE ONE PII E
niie mSUMTOH Tm peg U S PsI OH MERRY-GO- ROUMD Sy DREW PEARSON Confident Reds Delay Fixing Boundaries Until End Of War; May Hold Peace Meeting Here WASHINGTON—It is violating no diplomatic sec let to lepoit that the most mipoitant phase of the Anthony Eden conveisations is Russia and how she will fit into peace plans aftei the wai To put it moie bluntly—how much Euiopean teiiitoiy will Russia want after the wai ’ It IS also a fact that Foreign Minister Eden’s visit IS just one yeai late as fai as the Russians aie con cerned Just a year ago, February, 1942, Eden went to Mos cow and listened to Russian ideas about the future boundaries of Europe What Russia wanted was vutually the old Czaiist boundaiy of 1914 giving hei Latvia Lithuania and Estonia, a southern slice of Einland (the Czai had all of Finland), ijhe Russian half of Poland, and a good slice out of Roumania, including Bessaiabia In this the Russians vveic consistent Then pio posal was similai to that handed Piimc Mmistei Ne ville Chamberlam m 1939, before war started, when Biitain was fluting with a Russian alliance against Ilitlei and bolore the Chvedon set finally decided to lui e Hitlei to attack Rissia ® Moiotoff Wanted Treaty Eden ducked any commitment m his Moscow con versations last Eebiuaiy, so Eoieign Mmistei Molo toff was told the United ‘States had now become an nnpoitant partnei m the war and no ticity could be negotiated behind Washington s back Molotoff saw this was reasonable, came to Wash ington In his conversations here, Piesident Roosevelt em phasized Senatorial difiiculties m negotiating tre vtics, suggested that it would harm the united diive for victory to have the Senate debating future boundaries now He urged that the whole thing be left until attei the war Molotoff undeistood, was satisfied to leave Wash ington after giving a general outline of Russia’s post w ar aims Since then Russia has leveised hei self Whcicas she was once pressing foi a post vvai pact today she doesn t w ant one And wheioas we weie then opposed to any post wai pact today we "rd the Biilish no tikmg the initiative Stalin last Novembei c imo out loi the self detei mmation of peoples Appaiently he hguies that the Bulgais ind gioups among the Po'es and Jugosla s will lean tovvaid Russia ftei the w ir and th it Riusi i IS btioim enough to get what it \ ants foi bound nics That’s why Stalm his no one sit^in^ m on the Eden conveisations Obviously he tikes the view hit the Ameiicins and Blltl^h who lidn t want ot tall boan dalles last yeai c in now go ihcad md do the talkin., —to themselves That IS why the Eden con eisitioiis have to be handled so skillfullj They must not offend Russia Yet thej must woik out a „encial peace ceiuity pit (.em into which Russian ideis will fit ifte the wii Note EDR is lepoiled to have a tieaty m his desk foul pages long wiitten bv hini'ioli m thiee aftci noons It IS couched in f,cnei il tcims ® U. S. May Have Peace Conference Only a few heaid it and tl ey are keeping thou lips buttoned but the Piesident mule a highly signihcmt obseivation ibout the post wai peace conleieiiee at the White House paity foi lieshmen Congiessmen One of them asked ‘ Vre you planning to go to Luiopc foi the peace conference'' Quick as a flash the President replied “Ihat may not be necessaij ” The inference placed on the cryptic remark bj those who heard it is that the President meant the peace conference might be held in the United States9 Parachute Pajamas Busy as he was after letuinmg fiom Gas ililanca the President took time out to write his old fiiend ex Goveinoi Max Gaidnci, of North Caiolma thanking him foi a pail of pajamas as lollows ‘Dear Max ‘ I am delighted to have the suit of pajamas made of Nylon paiachute cloth I hope when I wear them I will not stait counting ten and jump If I have any bad dieams I will blame them on jou 9 Radio invention Aimy Signal Coips has developed a new ijpe of ladio miciophone which may biuv a peimincnt change in civilian i ulio piaelices The need lor speaking by ladio tiom one tank to anothei, while keeping the hands fiee resulted m development of a ‘ throat miciophone v hich was at taehed to the man s tin oat and picked up the tones of V oice b> V ibratioii Now comes a fuilher development in the loim oi a lip microphone ’ which is attached hghtlj about the mouth and is so close to the voice .ound that it picks up this sound alone without receiving the “ambient’ ! oisGs In other woids, the thundeioas sound of a tank in opeiation is omitted entireh The ihvention will have obvious uses Joi radio an nounceis in places ot contusion such is lootbill games md also it will be u.able Joi studio aitois enabling them to move Iicely ibout the studio in the couise oi i di iinatic scene instead of being inchoicl to a hooi mil i. © Another Sergeant York Seigeanl Yoik is now goinj aiound diesscd ii kilts The Seigeitil has been as&i,,,ned to the V AlAC S and di esses aeeoidmgly I ull name is C no line I ■)oik oi Meiuhin Je.is i distant enisin oi the lainoiis M oi Id M u heio Seij. eaiit Ah in C Yoik Poi a tune Depaitment ol Agiieultuie was aliaid the U S public would e it vegetable seeds toi iood si they lalioned the seeds ot peas beans md lenti's But OPA leaiful that lationing would leduee vietoiy „ai(leis took them ofl the list Red tape lulclcn Wu Depaitment in making a payment due to Mi Beinaiii South ol Vtlinti sent him twelve sepaiale (hecks 111 the s ime mill e ich in i sejiaiate enveloiie 11 om then All int i oflici (tojiMight 191 i b\ Unted I eatuie Sj ndie ite Ine ) knew Pobsoklei biotlei laiiv (lud’Biodd when wc weie 1 Jieshmm ind it Bobs anj thing like him lean will le leading i meiiy chase Incidentally inv Sig 1 p will gladlv cvplaii) to jou tlj^ meaniin ot the woids 111 between the pai igiaphs j
J'oUowinq^ Jhs. J<oimdajtwm.
Delta Chi
As 1 spe lal event the T iithei m Student Assoeiition \/ill hold a “Puz/le Paity’ this evening at 7 ‘10 it the home ot Rev St lldoif 026 Noith Ninth stieel Nexi, Sundav they aie haviin a devotion il meet ing it 7 SO in loom 07 of the Union The special Wednesday evening Lenten services of the Lulheiaii Chinch me still bciiir, held cvciy week at 7 jO
The theme ol the Chiisliin Eoiin dation foi this semester is ‘ Build Today foi i Chiistian Woikl md this theme is clined out in both the moinin, ind evening sessions At piesent the gcneial emphasis is on the wai world with the official title being ‘ Design for Tomoiiow” The student eliss begins at 9 SO chuich at 10 40 md the Pnum sup per at 5 15 with icciealion it 5 '5 A Deputilion Team (nii the Chiistian roindatioii leaves heic this afternoon to jncsei an ho piogi mi it Biownobcip Ihose on the te"iii lie John Moore Gc'ali Fulmci, DotJie Jo Antenen and Eoi iCot Coini ul Thev ai" ^toj pn at Ci'iwfoiclsv illc toi a fe V lion ^ in oidci to t"! e p"it in i v onth con lei dice which is ben 1 eld tl oie Next Eiulav c enmg fimi 5 45 until 8 00 the Ch li n i aindalnn ihe Cosmnpolitii ( 'iib c e P" Aneiic"!! Cub tl'=> thiicse otu
I lie nati 11" ’ Ihen thud n t 11 e Chi 1 tl in
Cliuihc 111 10 101 ol the t idc its fiom other linds wlo ue heio at the Umvei it Tici cts "t Sic "aeh may be obt uned fioin Fob N ish phone 2370 Die! Beiiv ih collS 01 Sji larnlev i hone 6a711
social fiaternity annonnecs the election of the following offieois Pi evident John Rodarmel, vice president Tack Eiilchman, secie taiy Mich icl Shukey, houseman igci, Tim Iloliin m coiiespondmg secret uv Wanen Ea'lcy incl shei iff Rilpli Eioedge It also m noimics the mituition ol Robeit Mallei y Ciawfoidsville, Robert Gee Iiankfoit led Skaggs Boon vill" Mo Raymond Smith East Auioii N Y Mel Eishci Gaiy, Ralph Iiocdge Ciawfordsville, Waltei Meyers, Columbia Clty, Jo seph Oiuheika Whiting, Richard Bind Toledo Ohio James Holiman Pekin 111 , Jack Hillebiandt, Noith Platte Neb Ralph Rossi Chicago III , Chailes McCall Bum ingham, Mich , James Bush, Pekin, 111 , Can oil Runkle Pekin 111 , Cor don Jones Indianapolis and Chailes Locke, Chicago, 111
Problems for Fun
To facilitate then eonsideiation solutions should be handed in on sepal ate signed sheets befoie 1 SO p m oi Eiiday of the week ot the posting of the pioblcm Include with each solution a signed slate ment that the solution was obtained unassisted Solutions aic to be handed in at the Mathem itics Of fice
PROBLEM n A man enteis a bank and has a check cashed The teller mist ikes the flguies and pays cents foi dol lais and dollais for cents Ihe mm pays a bill of $24 11 aftei which he finds he has tw ice as much money as the face of the original check What was the face value of the check'' Show that the solution is unique Solution to last week’s pioblem Ojie Intel pretation of the piob
1cm submitted by Jacob A Lazcison gives I et x = the age of Diophantus (x X x) 17x 'Ihen X — (- H- — h -) = = (0 12 7) 28 no of years maiued (17x ) And ( — 9) = son s age (28 ) 17x X 'Ihus —^ _ 9 — - 28 2 17\ — 262 = 141 ix = 252 X = 84 yeai s = age of Diophantus
Driving to St. Louis Friday/ can take 4. CALL Rossebo, 5021
c eni" Cib '
House me 1 111! b inquLSunday, March 21, 1943
Boilermaker Sports
Pag0$
AlltICLE INTRODUCES HEAD OF PE 12 DEPARTMENT
PAPENGUTH'S RHINIES
SWAMP CULVER
TANK squad
Aieef M. L. cieveit, Arlstocracv Galorc Lined Up
Prexy Or Intramurais
For H. Phillips' Track Show'
By Clint Sowards
Forward with the series of the stories intended to intioduce the student body on the Boilermaker campus to the integ-
ral part of the BoiFimakei athletic machine the coaching
staff
“Chief” Clevett head of the intiamuial depailment, is the subject ot this intioduction M L “Chiei’ C'c\clt hist came to the Boileimakei Unneisity
back m 1920, Januaiy ol 19^0 to be moie exact The job turned ovei to Clevett altei his contiact vas signed wa^ to establish an mtiamuial pio glam on the Boileimalei c \mpub
li ind iiid th vci Uilc lilll m n look up the dlitics ol he \d ti icl coich ind (■\mtiistics diiectDi it Cul\ci Milling Ac idcmj CuKei
Indi in
I Ol l\\ o VL us Chici CO iciicd ti cl it Culvei then hib laid ol icliv ty
Well he did Tiom nothing Chiet changed to C ii lisle Iiidi in Schiil
Clevett hns v oikcd out the lull sue cessful and foi the most pait en joyable piogi im ol intiainui il spoils that ue today such in im
( 11 lisle Pa A.mong the Indi ii s (\\c don t know loi suic but this job might hive been tic one that netted M I the inonikci Chid )
poitant p lit ol this Unneisity and Chiet vas ^eiiei il ill noun 1 ith lb can be s iid that in the twenty Ictic coach h iving lo do \\ ith such yeais that Chiel Clevett has spent spoils as baseb ill tiack ind gji
nistics rhicc ecus Chid spent it the Ciihsle school Woilcl W u I
k 1 little baithoi in the ^^long it this time and
Clevett evcntuiUy touiid himscli handling the ithlctic jiiogiim it Camp Ciane Pi (oi i yeai An inteiesting incidc it coiicei ning his tutoiage of bis'otoill at Camp Cianc developed ibout thice ycais at o Clevett \\ i in Pittsbuigh and he met i min who hided the Chief as the fellow who tiught him how to pi ly h iskdball this m itselt w IS nol so spectaculai but it hap jicncd the man who did the hading w IS basketball co ich at byi icusc 1 ollowing the W ii Chief siient
(See Cl 1 Vn I page 1)
on this intiamuial piogiam it has
always moveu foiwai
To go b i^
lustoiy of oui inti iinuial diieetoi we find that he giaduated fiom Qeoige Williams College Chic igo 111 Following gi idu ition fiom col lege Clevett woiked with the play ground piogiam in Chicago toi i while Then good loitunc took a
DR
A
PAUL A RISK
DR
LUIHER A
RISK
DR
HAROLD I
RISK
— DENTISTS
t 400
404 Schultz
Bldg
4th and Main Sts
Phono 5701
Lncicn Lclong’s Cream Cologne is an entirely new experience unlike any cologne you have «ver seen beiore. It soothes, softens, flatters . . as the Cream C ologne vanishes, its heavenly fragranee remains ... a tcndei, bewitching pait til you. jF'ik frafytanccs Sirocco lathpin BalaUul a Opt tuns 7V*g/if, and Jndisctctp $150 $2 50 $150
DECKER’S
518-20 MAIN STREET
PHONE 5036
Freshman Swimmers Defeat Culver Cadets Taking six first places in eight events, the Boilermaker freshman swimmers completely dunked the Culver Cadets by a score of 50-16 in a meet in the Fieldhouse pool yesterday. Swimming against college fre«hman competition, the prep schoolei s gave a good account of themselves and provided the spectatoib with many close races In fact, the result of the — ■■■ 200 yaid lelay was not an-
nounced until after some deliberation by the judges. It was finally decided that Riveter LaBaw had made an underwater
touch to take first place High scorer for the meet was Pfuegei who tallied ten of Cal
\ei s sixteen points by winnmg^ the
50 and 100 yaid fiee style events
pistol teams has announced that He also swam on the lelay team
the teams have just completed then picsent season with i iccoid oi 11
wins and 6 losses The outstanding
peifoimei on the team this season
has been Bob Essig a senioi liom
Loll am Ohio Essig was high man in eleven of the seventeen matches
this veai
Robert Essig Leads Riveter Pistol Team In Eleven Victories
Captain Blown coach Boileimakei vaisity and
Bae UFER
Intramural Schedules
( \KY II \I I t OI I L$ B VI I Aloud i\ Aliidi 22 7 00 I mt 2 vs Unit 7 Unit vs Unit 5 I mt 1 vs bi it ( Wild IB won the ch impionship honois 111 ihf Wild Swimming VIctI I 11 1 iv cvci 111., with i tot il ol ) points
B ADMIX I OX I ucsd ly AI udi 2 Finals—7 00 Uclti 1 iir Delta vs Iheti Chi Signi i Xu vs Delti Chi Witinci of Sigm i Nu uid Delta Chi vs Phi Kappi Sigmi
bIGMA DELI V PSI Aloiidav evening 1 00 P isoli ill Ihiow
VOUR SECTOR
ty m Los Anodes Etamlnsf.
of the ROTC
Cadets Win 50 Yard
Bv viitue of Pfueger s victoiy in the 50 yaid flee style event the Cadets took an early lead, but after Raj 1 and McMullen took first and thud in the 100 yard back stroke the Rivetei frosh weie never behind Joe and Ray Anthony the BoiL
Alost of the matches iie filed by eimakei lieshman dmng twins, mail 01 bv telegiaph The mitch completelv outclassed the Cadet div team consists of live men who each eis is Joe took the event with file thiee taigets One is done m brothei Ray captuiing the runner slow file the second m timed file up place and the last is done in i ipid file In Rayl Hansel and Womble weie past yens the team his competed the only othei Riveteis to take a m the Indiana St ite Rifle Bleet but nist place LaBaw the anchor man
due to lack of tianspoitation lacil ities and ammunition the match this seison has been postponed Victoiics this yen foi the vaisity and ROTC teams weic ovei MIT We'-t Point St Bonaventuie Ken tucl V U E Kontucl y State Teach CIS Wisconsin Cornell Aikansas State Yale Haivaid and Xniei Losses came fiom Ohio State U S Naval Academy Texas A & M Utah Indiana and Michigan State
on the 200 yard lelay team, swam a good lace to give the ihinies a close
victoiy
The Summarj 50 vaid liee style.—Won by Pfuegei (C) second Knott (P) thud Leach (P) Time 25 3 sec 100 yaid bieast stioke—won by Rail (P) second Shafei (C), third McMullen (P) Time, 109 8 20 yaid fiee style—Won by Han sel (P) second Lyon (P), third
ChmiMii,, the 1 dioi ti ick sc isnn the colo lul Pin due Relays scheduled heie on Satuiday Maich 27 will I mg to.,ethoi pcinips the stiongcst held oi collegiate cnincs oi tie ycai Piclimm u\ cntiics indicitc lint between 25 ind dO colleges ind umvcisities will compete foi top honois m seven thi illmg icl lys and SIX individu il events while idded inteicst will be pioiided by the special base ball dash limited to one cntiy fiom each oi the six m joi lci„uc tc un tiainin,, in Indiana and a novel wall 5C ilmg contest r vo oi the n ition s Ic ulin list incc i umici s OllicHuntci olNotieDame ind Viigil Alston of Miami will he listed imong the cvennn s compctitois and will ciiiva luge shuc ol then teams hopes toi victoiies m the umveisity ind college sections lespcctivcly Both weie miinspimgs on two mile lelay combinations th it set new lecoids it the Illinois lech games Anothei act distince poiloimei will be Chailes Dueslei of Puidue iinnci up loi the Big Icn two mile title who will ippc u on the Boileimakei two mile and toui mile combm itions In the biscbill d ish in wh ch the compctitois will i u ii legulii umfoim Clvdc McCullough speedy Chi cigo Cub catchci will be one ol the tavontes while Bob Ufei Michigan s Big Pen quaitci mile champion will uichoi the one mile leliy combination that is expected to be piovided its mam opposition by Indiana s Big len title wmnii fouisome The Rel lys piogi im will move along is fist as the compctitois Foi the opening pai ide at 7 o clock headed by i Queen ind couil ol thiec attendants to be selected Jiom twelve co ed nominees until the final one mile icliy it 10 o clock theie will bo no dull moments This will bo a tiack show not a tiack meet” cinphisi/cs Co ich Hci mon Phillips Relijs Diiectoi
The fiosh team won fiom Ohio Johnson (C) Time 2 14 1
State lost to West Point and took a foifeit fiom the U of Utah In the season aveiages Bob Essig captain and thiee yeai vet eian of the squad led with 276 out of a possible 300 Bunkei was sec oncl with 267 Heinze had 265 Lind
too yaid back stroke—Won by Womble (P) second Cumming (P), thud Polhstei (C) Time, 1 10 1 100 yaid fiee style—Won by Pfue gei (C) second Knott and LaBaw,
tied Time, 1 51 3
Diving—Won by Jmi Anthony
siy had 267 and McGahey aveiaged 80 2 second Ray Anthony (P) 79 1, 265 Letteis weie awaided to Essig thud Kioellei (C) 73 2
Bunkei Hein/e Lindsay ind Me Gahey Fieshmen numeials weie given to Giinei Gullicksen and Mooie The team expects to end ictivities foi the season with a
banquet sometime in Apiil
150 yaid medley lelay—Won by Puidue (Cumming Rayl Leach), second Culvei Time 1 28 6 200 yaid lelav—won by Purdue (Knott Womble Kann and LaBaw) Time 1 41 6
Culver Cadets Lose Contest To Squashmen Liulmg then season yesteidiy Ihc squa h te im tool thou fouilh win oi the season when the Culvei C ulcts tell bcloie them bv the scoie oi 4 1 In the second mitch oi the iHeinoon the C idots weie victoi lous ovei the Inti imin il ch impious I y i 0 count In tic viisity comiicution Ld AA ells Liu Kuetci numbci one m in dele ited Ictiic oi Culvei j 2 Rav ( ohon the nunibc) thice min dc Ic lied fechlism,„ci 0 in 1 Bill Ivsoii dcic iLccl the Culvei numbci live 111 in 1 j) tem Iv the scoie ot 1C i lev lie s the numbci two mu w IS th only Boilcimikei to 1 so to the ( ulcts m the v usity Lomiutitim He lo t to Copcl ind 1 the hi Iviisity mitch Dive I m dcic lit 1 I 1 lend 2 C ulcts Be i( IM ( li imp \Alun the Culvei ( ilets tin 1 1 with the lull imui il chimpnii Lhe\ 1 um I lint the ecmpctition w i not IS I null is tl c \ u itv iiul luceedid ti til ill lliicc ol the Itl l 1 it Wl II pi i\ c 1 1 11 1 dele lie 'si mcl Ici 0 i opel ind It it ito I 1\I u 1 s 2 0 111 1 1 utn 1 Ik U 1 111/ 0 Sc ISOll s Rccoicl Pi 10 to the mitch with the Cut VC Cl els vcstcidiv Coich Cle cits squid had dctc ited Xcith wcsUin twice ii I the Culvei CAfli ccis once On the opposite side ot the leclgcd the tcim dioppctl dt cisious to Chicago twice ind lost me m itch to the Iiuli unpoh A C mil one lo the Cuhci C idtls
^ Relays, Baseball Game Top Card Ihis coming vieek end Boileimakei students and Lafayette towns people will get an oppoituiutj to see not one but two of the greatest spoiling events cvci sti.,ed m this pait ot the state First of all, of coiise lie the oiuinil Puidue Reliys to be lun olf m the Fieldhouse Satuiday niglit On the tolloyy ng itteinoon ovei at Columbian Park, Lou Boudieius Clevelind Indians will meet the Latayette Red Sox in c n exhibition ime Ind Jans May Have Advanfage Attei hcuin ibout this imc next Sundav we at hist weie' a little slcpticil Howcvci yyith i little help tiom the weatheiman the Indians ind Red Sox hould be iblc to put on i luht good show toi those at'^jhd iiu Ihc Tnc'i ns will piobiblj be m bettei shape than will the Lafayette Ol rt Clcyoluid his been woikin,., out up m the Fieldhouse sipee eiil\ line weel while the Red Sox hue not as yet had that first pi etice c Sion ^ Besf^ Coaching Staff In League C level 11 tl mi\ Ol miy not i ive the best teim m the A.meiican f^eague, I ut yen w lU h lyc ti i Ion yy ly to hnd i nioit capable coaching staff th n thciis \I n i ci Loitliciu s i ust ti mtyeiy lespect and has the I 1 u ot Icing iblc to lo il Hit ten dificient things at once He doesn’t tel the phycis y hit to do biP inste id dots it hmiselt and then the jiliycis tolloyy suit Synu ot tic men Ic coaches lie is much as ten to twclyc ytais oK'ei thii he Hoyycyti as tai is we can see-there is no lilt ion i 11 letweeu he ill the icst ot the team That's saying a lot eon idciing the tut th u the Indiuis hiye hug been kno\vn tor then ly bil les ml lei the liel et cooiemitioii btty\teii the manageis II I pi ly Cl 1^ Shotton, Baker And Susce Lilt bluttou Wl c eiieluu uic\ hiiitd loimei managei in the St Louu Cudinil ehiin system is seiyiru is coach under Boudieau Also seiynig m the s uiu position ue, Del Bikti toimei Detioit Tigei uei iiul ( toigt biscc likeable ioimei majoi league catebei Both Biksi ind bhottoii lu uinked among the ciattiest baseball men the 1 usiness They liaye been uound foi i long time and each eould handle the miuueiul duties with little en no dilheulty it the occasion aiosePurdue Exponent
Sunday, March 21, 1943
personnel Notes dempanies scheduled to visit the c^tHltus: N.t).U.C., Columbia Uiincrsit\ ijit'ihioti of Wai Research, Ne\\ Yofk City—Maich 22 ftell Aircraft Corporation Buffalo, New York—Mnich 22 and 2? Interested in Apiil and August AE MB, EE Republic Steel Corporation. Chic&^o, Illinois—Maich 23 Bell Aircraft Corporation, Buffalo, New York—Maich 22 and 2,3 Interested in Apiil and August AetoE, ME, EE Plettwings. Inc., Biistol, Pennsylvania—Maich 24 Inteiested in April and August ME, AeioE Standard Oil Companj of Indiana, Whiting, Ind—Maich 24 InteieSted in ME, Chemists Eastman Kodak Companj, Ro chfestei. New Yoik—Maich 24 and 25. Inteiested in Apiil and August ME, EE Group meeting at 4 00 p. ni, Wednesday, in Room 108, Mechanical Engmeeiing Building General Motors Corporation, Detroit, Michigan—Maich 25 26 and 27 Gi oup meeting at 4 00 p m , Thuisday, in Room 108 Mechanical Engmeeiing Building
University Calendar Week of March 21-27
Notices
Alpha Phi Omeea Caps have arrived Purchase ticket must be obtained from M
I, Bcndei, ddd S Cary Hall —BENDER Sunday niKht
Lutheran Studcnta 'I here will be a social meeting at the home of Rev Stoldoi
across from Jefferson High School at 7 fo
WALLACE
Chicago and Southern \ii Lines, Ini., Memphis, Tennessee—Intel ested in mathematicians oi phjsicists to woik as meteoiologists Sign m Pei sonnel Office h\ Wed nesday Maich ,31
Pei sonnel depaitment of the me chanical engmeeiing school undei the dll ectoi ship ot Piofessoi Bok tvill place all Mechanical, Aeionautical engmeeiing students who apply foi pait-time jobs wdiile on the campus Those desiiing position!? as laboiatoiy instiuctois oi assistants, oi diaftmg woik should ■^11 out an application m Pioi Bolz’ office Theie aie many pait time jobs on the campus at piesent Depaitment heads that would like student help should notify Pi of Bolz and let him know what )ol& aie open and the lequnemcnts Placement Notes
For Women
Miss Ruth Enckson Camp Di 1 ectoi, Louisyille Council of Giils Scouts, 424 West Jetteison Stieet Louisyille, Kentuckj has w i ittcn foi applicants foi woik in then summei camps fiom June 21 to August 21 Positions \ ai \ m salaiy and expel lence and lesponsibihty Anyone inteiested should call Placement Seivtcb ioi Women, 2955, at once foi fuithei intoima
tiOn i
2 15 P M ,3 00 P M 8 00 P M 9 00 A M 4 00 P M 6 00 P M 7 00 P M 7 45 P M
9 00 A M 4 00 P M 4 30 P M 6 15 P M 6 30 P M 7 00 P M 7 30 P M 7 30 PM 7 ,30 P M 7 30 P M 7 30 PM 8 00 P M
0 00 A M 0 00 P M 6 00 P M 7 30 PM 7 10 PM 9 00 A M 3 00 P M 0 30 P M
Sunday, March 21 Seoul Leadcis Tiaming East 1'aeulty Lge , Union Dog Show In liont of Powlei Hall Alpha Lambda Delta Initiation Room 232, Union Monday, March 22
Home Ec Refieshei Couise Comm on Slate of Umyeisity Home Demon Agents Meeting
PIA Dance Class Kappa Delta Pi
Tuesday, March 2^
Room 117, Holt Bldg Room 26,3, Union
West Faculty Lge , Union South Ballioom, Union
Room 365, Union
Home Ec Rclieshei Couise
PIA 3''ea Dance
Alpha Zcla Speoth Contest AAUW Dmnei Meeting Ruial Wai Pioduction Gioup
Alpha Zeta Meeting
Undegiaduale Dames Meeting Flying Club Meeting Cluistian Science Oigani/ation Sjieech 14 Conyocation Alpha Phi Omega Meeting
Giaduate Dames
Room 117, Holt Bldg South Ballioom, Union Room 117, Holt Bldg
Home Ec Bldg
Assembly Rm , Ag Hall
Room 302, Union Room 26,3, Union Room 212, Union Room 232, Union Plliza Fowlei Hall Room 307, Union
West Faculty Lge , Union Wednesday, March 24
All Women Sludents llie St Louis Girl Scout Council IS in need of jrirls to work in their cimp this summei lobs available are unit leader issistant unit leader and water front dircetoi Any one interebted should UlephoTK or come in to the Placement Service for Women (2956) immediately —tELDT Camera Club Sprinji; exhibit will be held Mnreh 27 to April i Entiics must bo tuuud in at llu West Desk of the Union not later than Monday March 22 Mount jiu; boiuds firy mountinjr tissue and lulcs are uvailabtl tt the West Desk —SIOCKMAN (hem *1 and 4 Students Used copies in i'ood eondilion as lejrards result sheets of (lumical 1 qiiilibnum uid Qualitative Analysis 2nd I dition ire urgently needed lot the War Frlining Piorrani
PEARCE
All Students All studtnts who \Msh to woik fui the Rigibti u dunng the Summer Tcim registration Apnl 2G and 27 aic rtfiuested to mal e ipplication it the RegisIrai b ofluf Ihose with pievious expen(iiCL at legisti ition oi in othei cUncil jobs
b 1 ONE
Dog Contest Attendants Meet at 2 45 on Sunday in front of bowloi Hall with dogs on leash Numbers and directions will be given you then Cups aie now on display in the window of the Chocolate Shop
-RICHARDSON
MT 7 or 7 Specials Papers for voluntary induction must be obtained from the main oilice of the Armory befoio noon Monday Maich 22 in order to join the Enlisted Reserve Coips —ROBINSON Tau Beta Pi Me'et Tuesday, Maieh 2i in loom 263 of the Union Election of recording secretary and discussion of pledging will be held Be present or excused or you won t get your plaque —SEDDON
Glider Club* Glider Club meeting Tuesday night at 7 30 Ask for loom number at the West Desk All present pledges future pleelges and actives please* be piesent
-SALISBURY
2nd Brigade Cadet Officers Pictuies for the Debris will be taken in the Aimory at 11 30 a m Tuesday March 21 after dib missal of the Corps ROBINSON Military Students A group of thiee leels movie film on the following subjeels * Para ehutc training ui the German armv German tanks ind The Alaskt Highway will be shown in the EE blelg Wedncsdiy M irch 24 ot 4 p m All militaiy students invited — MAIER
Skull and Cre*t«nt PUden • Notico change jn tiinp Roush initiation will bo held TUea* day March at 8 30 p m Meat at AGR.
Bung flashlight, full boi^,
SCA Board—Usual meeting Tuesday evening March 2i at 7 30 p m DIaousa tilec-
lion of new officers for coming
—ANTONACCIO
AWS Executive Board* Meeting ia the AWS office Tucsdavat7^ir^^^m^^j^^ Hillcl Members Meeting Sunday at 5:^. There will be nominations for officers Be theio to help —HIRSCHFIEUC) Purdue Engineer Meeting of all staff membirs in the office at 4 IB p m Tuesdav March 21 It is important that all membeis be there —KIMBRELL
Conf
Cleyett
Classified Ads
1 , I,, , I I, I hiiihilin nil 1 nil e N m , ] Hidin < ill J 111 in i g „„,,j
Lost—1 1. 1 I j U 1 „ I Ki Maid ( ill D 1 III I,
■ y fli I
Jypenriters \ Jdiag m hii, s illinnkis Kold* r< ntid upaiiicd diid luirr h isid Mim i liaph »ork don. ( I Ho r hod bOi Mam iwLiydte J'hun 2'""fl Money to faian IJn diamonds wat-hes Offlr, ’*■ All, ris lian
No Cent States Ent
Ceics Banquet
Hist Got & Eco Dinnei Vdisity Chijstian Fellowsliip
Mduiago Couise
Room 355, i(,3. Union Old Chestnut Rm , Union E & W Ret Rm, Union
Room 307, Union
Rooms 355, 361, Union Thursday, March 25
No Cent States Ent Coni West Fatuity Lge Union Stieen Review Hall of Musit Ruial Wai Pioduttion Gioup Assomlilj Rm , Aq Hall
Friday, March 26
ale given pufeunce
Student Senate there will be a Senior Bond nKcling of the Senate for the sticctum of lunior and senioi executive posi ^iMis Wednesday Apnl 24 in the Senate office MILLI R Alpha Lambda Delta Actives and Pledges IniLiation will b( held Sunday at 8 i m in loom 2-i2 of the Union Actives bi thi re it 7 lu a ni foi piactuc RIGGS Cl 62 A condition lost in Highw ly Con ( siruction CL 62 will bo held ot 1 0pm Sitmdiy Mnich 2'^ in room 206 of the Civil I ngineeung Building —PETTY Militarv Training Certificates Ihose btu (knU wh lu noL in llu LRC and (xpect to 1 in llu ^rmcfl Service sliould (all at llu Aimon to in ike airungtmcnts toi iluii ROIC Ctitiiic it('^ ROBINSON Alpha Pht Omega All activt-^ binqiut will I )u Id 1 nesday Much M All nwm lurs ue uiged to ittind If vou au going to lx thi i notify Buit Kuek oi Mvron Btnclii in (. iry Hall bifoie Sunday A( tiv(.s u( uminded that tin hike is this Sitindiy Mu(h 20 it 6 by the West (ii ti inee of tlx Union GOSSWLIN
Reamers
Nn Cent States Ent Coni Cot,mo))olitan Club Methodist Student Dmnoi M ithematics Dept Squaie Dante J H Club Meeting and Dance Pi Kapna Phi <ind 3 beta \i Dante Can Club Dante NOTICE
West Fatultv Lsc Union Room 301, Union Rooms 332 33 1 Union East Paculty Lge , Union West Fatuity Lge , Union South Ballioom, Union Noi th Balli oom Union
cting Mondav ni^ht Much 1 in loom k)2 of tht Union - BRAY
We pay Ic each for all hangers in good usuable condition if brought to our office. WEST SIDE CLEANERS
\v ill hold its stheduled dancing class tomonovv evening at 7 50 in the Union Building
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
(Continued fioni page 3) a season as athletic dii ectoi ot i Community Ctntei in Pan mount, W. Va Then the follow mg veai his taieei as a Boileimakei began, m Januaiy of 1920 When Clev^ett came to this Umveisitj, the Intiamuial svstem was in mighty pool shape, m fact, il mighty as well be said theie wasn’t anj intramuial sjstem All Clevett had to do was establish one Besides intiamuials, Clevett was swimming and gjmnastits coach To make the job of oiganizmg and intiamuial system moie unatti active the Uni veisity had piacticallj no equiji ment, onlv one small gvm, and no outdooi lecieation aiea except a small plot used bj thevaisitv tc ims It Took \ Lot Of M ork How and what all Clevett has done in the last 23 \cais to deve'o]) the tjpe ot campus athletic jn i giam he has would hll volumes lo be biiet, Clevett established a g\m in the top ol the Recitation Imil 1 mg (this gjm Is still 111 opcialion todaj) meiged the tiatcinities so 1 Duties, looming houses waids and liattahons of ROff men into one huge intiamuial inogiam mined the Ag schools ini/c gaic'cns mt j a baseball diamond (no sm ill hat) mtioduced squash on the Boilci makei camjnis and <it imsent is do mg a fine job in i iinning oft tlic cv ei so populai ( ') PEM 12 jiiogiam FILMS SHOW PERSONAL LIVING SUBJECTS I'llnis dealing with i,cison<il ]i\ ing subjects w ill he show n at ,i i on vocation to hi held I iidai Maich 26, in Fowlii Jtall at 1 |j m to which all students aic nititid to it tend s
Schedule For Debris Organization Pictures
)
The organization pictures for the Debris will be taken in the south ballroom of the Union at the time scheduled below. Ai! memnbers of these organizations are asked to be on time for their pictures. Those students in active service may get permission from Colonel Hicks to be out to have their pictures taken. Tuesday, March 23, 1943
4:00 P.M.
4:10 P M. 4:20 P.M. 4:30 P.M. 4:40 P.M. 4:50 P.M. 5:00 P.M. 5:10 P.M. 5:20 P.M. 5:30 P.M. 5:40 P.M. 5-50 P.M. 7:00 P.M. 7:10 P.M 7.20 P.M. 7:30 P.M.
7:00 P.M 7:10 P.M. 7 20 P.M. 7.30 P.M 7.40 P.M 7-50 P.M. 8:00 P.M. 8:10 P.M 8:20 P.M. 8:30 P lA. 8 40 P M 8:50 P.M
AcLivilies Bureau—
7:40 P.M.
Alpha Zeta
Soph. Staff
7:50 P.M.
Ceres
Union Soph. Staff
8:00 P.M.
Hoof and Horn
Union Soph. Staff Debris Soph. Ed. Staff
8:10 P.M.
Poultry Club
Debris Soph. Bus. Staff
8:20 P.M.
Dairy Club
Debris Soph. Photo. Staff
8:30 P.M.
A.E.S.
Exponent Soph. Ed. Staff
8:40 P.M.
Dairy Club
Exponent Soph. Bus.
8:50 P.M.
Forestry Club
Staff
9:00 P.M.
Tail Beta Pi
Exponent Soph. Sports
9:10 P.M.
A.S C.E.
Staff
9:20 P.M.
Chi Epsilon
Engineer Staff
9:30 P.M.
Eta Kappa Nu
Agriculturist Staff
9:40 P.M.
A.I E.E.
Pharmacist Staff
9:50 P.M.
A.S.M E.
Delta Rho Kappa
10:00 P M.
A.I.M.E.
Kappa Delta Pi
10:10 P.M.
Phi Tau Sigma
Kappa Psi
10:20 P.M.
A.I.Ch.E.
Pharmacy Association
10:30 P M.
Catalyst
Wednesday, March 24,
1943
Omicron Nu
9:00 P.M.
Gold Peppers
V. C. Meredith
9-10 P.M.
Reamers
V C. Meredith
9:20 P M.
Gimlet
Camera Club
9:30 P.M.
Skull and Crescent
Aeromodelers
9-40 P.M.
Alpha Phi Omega
Sigma Delta Chi
9:50 P.M.
Y.W.C.A.
Tau Kappa Alpha
10:00 P.M.
Modern Dance Club
Student Senate
10:10 P.M.
Dolphin
WBAA Staff
10:20 P.M.
Triton
Purdue Players
10:30 P.M.
W.A,A.
Puidue Playshop Mgrs.
10:40 P M.
Sigma Delta Psi
Theta Alpha Phi
10-50 P.M.
S.C.A.
Thursday, March 25, 1943
7.00 P.M
Newman Club
9:00 P.M.
Marwood
7:10 P.M.
Newman Club
9:10 P.M.
Owen
7-20 P.M.
Ann Tweedale
9:20 P.M.
Rochdale
7:30 P.M.
Antigonist
9:30 P.M.
Salisbury
7:40 P M
Glenwood
9:40 P.M.
Wesley Boys
7.50 P.M.
Novadale
9:50 P.M.
Westminster
S 00 P M
Shoemaker
10:00 P.M.
Bivouac
8 10PM
Chauncey
10:10 P.M.
Scabbard and
a.20 P.M
Circle Pines
10:20 P.M.
Scabbard and
8:30 P M.
Dover
10:30 P.M.
POMM
8-40 P M
Kneale
10:40 P.M.
POMM
8:50 P M
Luma
10:50 P.M.
Zouaves
Make Victory Whistles Sound Sooner! As a civilian you can speed U. S. Victory by helping conserve everything you own. USE CROWN CLEANING SERVICE REGULARLY AND BUY WAR BONDS OmN LAyUBRY
FINE DRY CLEANING
STRAUSS SAYS —IT'S
ONE DAY NEARER VCTORY
The new, complete catalocjuc of iiuifoimt, and acceshO) its fo) )iat al officewi—nnth oin comphmentb
APPOINTED BY THE NAVY (For this area) to present Navy Officers’ Uniforms under the Navy Plan This Plan insures clothes of fine quality—of absolute correctness ... at prices that only such a program between the Navy, the manufacturer and retailer could produce L STRAUSS & CO., Inc THE MAN'S STORE , ^ INDIANAPOLIS STORL HOURS MONDAY 12 11 JILL S il SATUHi)AY <) JO I ILL (, 00 O'lIILR DAYS <) i5 JILL s H
y t t:
V ’