V.
•i; 'i.
Summer Session Edition
(Eht Puriue TExaamnt
Student Newspaper Of .Purdue University
VOLUME ONE
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, THURSDAY, JUNE 17, 1937
NUMBER Om
25th Summer Session Begins This Morning
State Youths Compete For 4-H Honors Here
1^500 BoySf Girls Seek Health Titles^ Project Prizes At Annual Round-Up Fifteen hundred boys and girls from all sections of the state met here yesterday for the nineteenth Boys’ and Girls’ 4-H Roundup, which will continue through tomorrow. Livestock and grain ju4ging contests, foods aiid clothing demonstrations, and a health contest are scheduled.
Thirty-seven girls and 22
boys have entered the state health contest, to determine the healthiest boy and girl in Indiana. The two winners will represent the state in the national contest next fall. Livestock and corn judging contests were faced with record breaking entry lists as more than 60 teams entered in both divisions. Besides a dairy contest other contests which got under way yesterday were the finals in the American Zinc Institute roofing contest and a tree and shrub identification contest, which was also open to girls. Today’s Program Includes Contests Today’s program will include baking, canning, clothing, food preparation, and room improvement judging as well as continuation of the other judging contests and the announcement of the winners of the health contests. Open house at the agricultural buildings will also be
held today.
The Round-Up will close tomorrow with inspection of the new 4-H buildings at the Tippecanoe county Fair Grounds at which time the Jefferson High School band will present a special program.
We Hope You Will Like OurNewPaper
With this issue, the Exponent launches Summer Session newspaper to replace the former mimeographed Summer Session Notes. The paper will be available without cost to all students during the summer, at the Union desk, the Education Building, Deac’s, and Southworth’s, and perhaps in additional places to be announced later. The main office at 312 North Fifth street, Lafayette, will be maintained this summer, and a campus office has been established in the Student Senate office on the second ffoor of the Memorial Union Building. Students desiring to work on or to contribute to the Summer Exponent may leave their names and phone numbers in the Exponent box at the Union desk or report to one of the offices. '
Ammerman To Play
For Saturday’s Reception-Mixer
Contests, a grand march, and tag dances will Characterize the Union Reception-Mixer to be held Saturday night at 8:30 o’clock in the Memorial Union Buildipg. An informal reception, at which Summer Session students will meet the teaching staff and others of the faculty as well as each other, will precede the dance. Music, stunts, and refreshments are scheduled. A grand march, with the inen and women marching to the ballroom single file and joining at the door, will start the mixer. Prof. M. L. Clevett has offered two prizes of a dollar each to the fiftieth man and fiftieth woman who shake hands and tell their names', to a boy and girl he will choose and who will be unknown to the rest of the crowd. Following this ice-breaker, dancing will begin, with Johnny Ammerman and his campus band supplying the music. Various tags will be used the entire evening in “tag” dancing. Dates are not necessary for this affair. “Get them after you get there,” advises Louis Putze, student assistant to L. M. Vallely, manager of the Memorial Union. For many years the opening Summer Session reception-mixer has been held on the first Friday night of summer school, but the Union ballroom is being turned over to 4-H Club visitors tomorrow night.
Edward Hall, Ag ’35, To Receive M. A. At Harvard
Social Calendar 1937 Summer Session
June ^ 19—3-7 p. m.—Summer Session picnic, Ross Civil Camp. 19— 8:30 p. m.—Summer Session reception — mixer. Union Building. 20— 4 p. m.—Musical entertainment, Eliza Fowler Hall. 21— 2 p. m.—^All-University convocation, Eliza Fowler Hall. 29—7:30 p. m.—Outdoor sing featuring Foster Hall quartet of Indianapolis, Ross-Ade Stadium. July 1— 9 p. m.—Outdoor plays, RossAde Stadium. 2— 6:30 p. m.—Institute-Leader-ship school banquet. Union Building. i 9—9 p. m.—Mi^er, Union Building. 16—7:30 p. m.—Outdoor plays, Ross-Ade Stadium. 23—9 p. m.—Mixer, Union Building. 29—7:30 p. m.—Outdoor sing, Ross-Ade Stadium. August 6—9 p. m.—^Mixer, Union Building. June 24, July 8, July 22, August 6—4-6 p. m.—“Games On The Green,” Lower Stuart Field.
Union To Innovate Relaxation Hours At4p. m, Monday
mps Draw
300 Students
or Summer
ifeOTC Students Enroll .^t Fort Knox Today;
bth ers In Session
Edward Hall, Ag. ’36, son of Prof, and Mrs. O. F. Hall, is home for a vacation before receiving hisjdegree of master of business administration at the Harvard graduate school of business administration at the end of this month. Hall will start work July 1 with the United Shoe Machinery Company of Boston. He will use his training in agricultural chemistry in the buying of materials.
Relaxation hour—an innovation in the social life of the campus— will begin Monday afternoon at 4 o’clock in the lobby of the Memorial Union Building. All students will be the guests of the Union. Iced drinks will be served free. The hour is intended to provide for informal mixing and getting acquainted; to bring a carefree and cool hour during the day to the students. There will be hosts and hostesses on hand each afternoon to see that guests are looked after and to introduce people. At least one distinguished visitor will attend each afternoon, thus making the relaxation hour something of a salon. Dr. 0. F. Hall declared yesterday. Dr. E. C. Elliott, president; Floyd McMurray, state superintendent of schools, and Dr. A. A. Potter, dean of the schools of engineering of the University, will be the celebrities Monday. Dr. Walter B. Pitkin is expected to attend Tuesday. Ushers for Monday are Betty McKee, Ruth Hall, George Claypool, and Charles Ehinger.
Tilnree hundred Purdue men will coitinue their training in military trai jiing, civil engineering, and forests this summer at the respective can^S for each field. Simultaneously with registration her(|^today., 140 junior and five senior ^.O.T.C. students enrolled in the miliary camp at Port Knox, Ky., for six weeks instruction. Working under eight or nine officers from the University military department, these students will rotate in their duties each day, until at the end of the camp period each man has filled every office from acting as kitchen police to battery officer. 104 At Ross Camp One hundred and four engineers answered the first roll call Sunday noon at Ross Civil Camp, located on the bluff of the Wabash river about 17 miles southwest of West Lafayette. An extensive recreational program is in prospect for these students during their nine weeks at camp, as well as training in topographic and location surveying, and in Math 2 for those who want it. Six instructors from the University' agricultural departments are supervising the activities of 60 forestry students at the Purdue foresti^ eami) located at ihe state, forest reserve at Henryville, in the hills of southern Indiana. These men will take up dendrology, silviculture, and surveying at this eight week’s camp.
Social Program Opens Saturday At Annual Picnic
All Summer Session students may attend the annual get-acquainted picnic Saturday afternoon at 3 o’clock at the Ross Civil Camp. The picnic will be the first event on the Summer Session social program. Playing games, eating food, and meeting people are the three chief aims of the program. Tickets will be on sale at registration for 36 cents, and can also be obtained at the Memorial Union desk. Those attending will furnish their own transportation. Prof. C. S. Doan, with assistants Betty McKee, Ruth Hall, George Claypool,and Mary Grace Msrtinger, is in charge. .“During the Summer Session we are all off our dignity and a little more human,” said “Pop” Doan. “This get-together offers a fine opportunity for Summer Session students and faculty to get well acquainted.” M
Margaret Dennis Will Sing At First Convo This Sunday
Carmichael Calls For Student Dramtists .
“At least a hundred are wanted to try out for parts in the plays, or positions as make-up artists, stage hands, electricians, costumers, and props,” said H. Keiin Carmichael, director of dramatics of the University, about the Summer Session plays. Tryouts will be held from 3 to 6 o’clock Friday afternoon in the tower room of the Memorial Union Building. Experience, Carmichael stated, is not necessarjr but desirable. Two plays, “Peace Maneuvers,” a comic melodrama by Richard Harding Davis, and “The Neighbours,” by Zona Gale, a comedy, will be given July 1 in the north end of the Ross-Ade Stadium at 9 p. m. as the first of a series to be presented this summer.
l,200Expected For Record EnroUment
Margaret Dennis, soprano, a native Hoosier, will give the first music convocation of the Summer Session in Eliza Fowler Hall Sunday afternoon, June 20, at 4 o’clock. Her recital will include a group of German selections, with several Strauss and Schumann songs, opera arias, and.a group, of English songs.. The singer is a graduate of DePauw University, has been a student at New York University, had graduate work in Columbia, an^ is head of the voice department at Shorter College, Rome, Ga., at the present time. Miss Dennis, from Crawfordsville, was a voice teacher at DePauw University for three years. She is also
a pianist.
Elliott, Johnston WiU Speak On NBC Hookup
Dr. Edward C. Elliott, president of the University, and T. R. Johnston, director of the University News Bureau, will discuss highlights of the Purdue Institute of American Policy and Technology, in a special broadcast from the studios of WIRE, Indianapolis, over the NBC-Blue Network at 1 p. m. CST, Tuesday. The Instiute, devoted to lectures, discussions and conferences on American policies, will emphasize economic and human geography, climatology, and kindred
subjects.
Purdue will mark the turn of a quarter of a centory of edacational service at 7:30 o'clock this morning as students start to register in the Executive Building for the 26th annual Summer Session. Professor Frank C. Hockema, director of the ^Session, predicted yesterday that approximately 1,000 persons would register today to bring the total enrollment to a new record of 1,200— 200 students having registered earlier this week. Courses in most of the academic subjects offered during the regular academic year will be available during the eight weeks of Summer Session, closing August 14. Requirements for admission are the same as for the winter semesters, except in certain special cases where regular college credit is not desired. Follow These Rules " David S. Clark, of the mechanical engineering school who is in charge of today’s registration, has prepared a few simple rules to facilitate reg-r istration. 'They read as follows; Enter the Executive Building low the main entrance and obtain application and schedule cards. Go to separate schools and departments to be assigned courses. Return to first floor for a second registration card and a “railroad
ticket.”
Enter room 101 (the Registrar’s office) and thence through the cashier’s office. ..^...'EcramUe ]^gins~At 7:30 shaip this morning the mad scramble of registration will begin. Louis Ihitze is planning on surprising all who know him by getting up early enough to be first in line. Dave MiUer and Bob Hensler are more ambitious. They will be up by 6 this morning to put Exponent tables in the Armory. Prof. O. F. Hall and members of the Summer Session Social program committee will meet Prof. Frank Hockema at 7 o’clock to get the card calendars which will be given to all
students.
All registration officials will set their alarm clocks for early rising hours. They will be followed by all students—^teachers, graduates, specials—^who plan to get choice schedules by early registration.
PUBLICATION DATES
Summer Session Exponents will be published June 22, 25, and 29; July 2, 8, 15, 22, and 29; and August 5 and 12.
National Leaders Coming Here For Policy^ Technology Institute
Superintendent
Floyd I. McMurray, Indianapolis, will speak Monday in Eliza Fowler Hall at the first day of the Purdue Institute of American Policy and Technology.
Ag Economist
Dr. O. E. Baker, of the United States Department of Agriculture, population authority, is to address the Institute on June 28, 29, and
Aviatrix
Amelia Earhart, well known woman fiyer and member of the University staff, is now in India on her “jpst for fun” . flight around -the world.
Engineer
Sociologist
Dr. Dexter S. Kimball, dean of engineering at Cornell University and educator and author, will speak during the second week of the Summer Session Institute.
Df. J. H. Kolb, University of Wisconsin rural sociologist, speaker at Eliza Fowler Hall on June 23, 24, and 25, will deliver six lectures oh “Rural Social Trends.”
Executive
Owen DeYoung, ehairman of tbua board of the Genmral Electric Co^, will speak June 28 at 7 p. m; on “Tke Scienco Of Better ine,**W' I-"
THE PURDUft SUMMER EXPONENT
Wfft ^urbue Exponent
Fttimdled In ISBS
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergrtduaie st^dente of Purdue University All opinions otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint
MAIN OFFICE CAMPUS OFFICE
312 North Fifth Sttetet Phone 6037 Student Senate Office, Memorial Union Building Phone 4006
R. P. MANION D. C. MILLER
Editor-in-Chief Business Man&gfet
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lffayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, at snecial rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October S 1917 authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except S®"" day and Monday during the regular academic year, and weekly during the Summer Session
Thursday, June 17, 1937
Reviews of reviews—swiped material—some choice excerpts from Bold and Black columns of the past —greetings to you and orchids to past editors and jokes. From Stu Distelhorst, b&b ’34:
ItAili
STARTS TODAY Double Feature Sliifff tviteg! Tontb Hai 3 tEflOttFmi mnmu LEE DIXON
Without Make Up! A new and greater Karloff as a half mad scientist who turned to murder to achieve fame! ITS FIRST RUN
“Who was that man staggering on the street with you?” “Oh, just a full cousin of mine.” And to think they skin poor little harmless bananas! Story—^Woman Saved There was a fire and a beautiful maiden was trapped on the fifth floor of the burning apartment building. No one could get to her. She had but little on, and stood in the heat of the flames shaking with fright. She cried for help. The crowd stared and stared at her, especially the men. Finally she gathered her composure and walked down on the stares. Overheard on the campus, with all the Summer Session influx, “Sure I’m a detective. See how I ran those heels down.” I asked her to marry me, And she said, ^‘Go see Dad.” She knew that I knew her Dad
Sunday — Monday
MONTCOMERr Tuumsm
—PLUS— “Swing Wedding” Cartoon in Color
iitiaS dead. She knew that I knew what a life he had led. She knew that I knew what she meant When she said, “Go see Dad.” What you can hope will not happen at the free mixer at the Union next Saturday night: The music is sweet The lights are low Close together we sway to and fro I step on something— And a sprawl I take. What a HELL of a time For a garter to break! In the mail: “Who was that blonde you see me with last night? Interestedly, Summer Sessioner.” Answer: A 4H Round-upper? WRHer; “What kind of a fellow is Claypool?” Blind Date: “An E. E. The other night the lights went out and he spent the rest of the evening tinkering with the fuses.” Summer Session get - together next Saturday night. Union ballroom. Dates not necessary. Come and meet everyone, even the faculty. 8:30. Free eats and free dancing. Hurrah for the Union! Bride 4H-er Danghtery Williamson is having a grand time with husband Dave and all their little pals up for the Round-up. The Phi Delts are thinking of holding open house. Union head Putze is having a great time educating an instructor from Wisconsin about the spelling of PURDUE. The man addresses his letters to “Purder.” Perhaps his
TODAY — FRIDAY — SATURDAY 2 FIRST RUN HITS
WHERE A MAN'S BEST FRIENDS ARE HIS...
Stairing^ DicKfonaN I —^Plus— UN « CUFSE IRIVE k UR1
DON’T WORRY M ! ! About keeping your summer clothes in condition Let us have the responsibility of giving your clothes the excellent care they deserve. WEST SIDE CLEANERS
Dial 4081
Delivery Service
Northwestern at Vine
THE EASIEST WAY
4- Xj.
to let your parents and friends know what you are doing at Purdue this summer is to send them the SUMMER EXPONENT. A mailing subscription for the summer is only 50c. Subscriptions can be had at Deac% The Union, or the Exponent offices.
typetwriter needs httfehtiuni Teacher: “I hear that when it comes to kissirig, Jane is an experienced had. Fellow WRHer-for-the-sUmmer: “Huh! I’ll bet she slaps every man who tties to kiss her.” Teacher: “That’s why her hand is so experienced.” We’ll go now!
A1 Stewart Will Organize Summer Chorus Tonight
Tonight at 7:30 O’clock the University 1937 Summer Chorus will be organized in the music rooms of Eliza Fowler Hall. The proposed schedule for the chorus this summer includes several local appearances and broadcasts and one NBC broadcast, Albert P. Stewart, director, announced. All summer students interested in belonging to this mixed chorus are asked to attend tonight’s meeting by Director Stewart.
Persoiinel Study Begins Here July 28 First Annual Institute Expected To Attract 150 During Week Teachers, business men, industrialists, and government officials will gather here from June 28 to July 3 for a study of personnel organization, training, industrial relations, employment, and social sepurity at the Industrial Personnel Institute. Approximately 160 persons are expected to attend the University’s first personnel institute, which is sponsored by the schools of engineering, the engineering extension department, and the personnel service, all of Purdue, and the Indiana Personnel Association. Credit Given Sessions of the institute will be held in the mornings and evenings, while afternoons are to be left free for recreation. One hour of University credit can be obtained from the
ARC TODAY — FRIDAY — SATURDAY
Stewart Erwin and Paul Kelly in “Women Are Trouble” —and— Tex Ritter in “Song of the Gringo” —also— Bob Livingston in “Vigilantes Are Coming” —plus “Color Traveltalk”
SUNDAY — MONDAY ^Rainbow on the River”
‘Wives Never Know”
TODAY —FRI. — SAT. DOUBLE FEATURE
•PlusHEKO wom UmOtT!
’ V, ; / -J ? ’i l^nrsday, June 17,193?
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“No ma’m—I ain’t leavin’ fer no better position. I’m gettin’ married.”
institute by passiug an examination on Saturday, July 3. The personnel forum has been planned in connection with the Institute of American Policy and Technology, and several speakers on the latter program will address persons attending the personnel institute. Dr. Edward C. Elliott and Governor M. Clifford Tow(nsend will speak at a joint informal banquet of the two groups on Friday, July 2. Personnel managers and directors of industrial relations for large industrial companies of the nation will join with lecturers of the Policy and Technology Institute and University professors in conducting meetings of the Personnel Institute.
Coming Sunday Boy loves Girl. Girl loves Bon. Bois loves Count- ‘ ess.. Countess loves CasK-A three-wed-diuK-rintr circus. I VIVACIOUS ADACIOUS land LOVAClous.
DORIS NOLAK’iOHNBOlES , *VUTER P1D6EOI • lUll ^ TimBIBEU«mittlHEAlE)(i»lDEIj —Plus— Popeye Cartoon Grantland Rice Sportlight
Michigan Picnic Open To Alumni, Students L. G. LeFavour, E. E. ’23, secretary of the Detroit Purdue Alumni Association, invites any graduate or student who will be in Toledo, O., or Detroit, Mich., to attend the Detroit and Toledo alumni picnic to be held June 27 at Pointe Aux Peaux, Mich. Those desiring further details may communicate with M. H. Rice in the county surveyor’s office in Toledo, O., or with L. G. LeFavour, 1400 Union Guardian Building, Detroit, Mich.
WHENTHEY LOVED... their romance shook the
—EXTRA— Our Gang: Comedy Travel Talk In Color
Coming Sunday MARI
He Hc» What It Takes • • • To Get t¥hot He Wants..l
GEORGE BRENT ANITA LOUISE TOE 60 cetter: with ■ ■ . , CHARLES WINNINGER
—Plus— Comedy Pictorial Review
TODAY — FRI. -- SAT.or" " '
'J'-
'.ii-'v'.
•V-Vr::-'' y- ',: '''■■
•; v'/'V''"-
„„,,‘Vr-
rr, ■..,..-'^-:oi “'■/r';-;r;>C' ''■■'Jr
TBE PMcbUE SUMMER EXPONEOT
V,. ■?* OjV-
'Mn
■ r .
GET ACQUAINTED WITH THIS BUILDING AND THE MANY PEOPLE WHO USE IT DAILY
Some New Features For recreational reading. The Music Room—^The world’s best recorded music—inquire at desk. T^i? BoM^/wgDown below the new east entrance. L The Lounge Grill—Cool and attractive food and drink in the modern manner. The Game Room—Opposite the Gtill—for bridge, checkers, chess. Ancj Those Old Ever Popular Favorites The Cafeteria—Appetizing, wholesome food in great variety. The Sweet Shop—^The rendezvous of those who really enjoy college. / The Chestnut Room—Where dining is both elegant and economical. The Barber Shop—Expert service—pleasant and sanitary. The Billiard Room^Free instruction for a scientific game—relax. The Ballroom—Free Reception and Dance Saturday Night. Other Dances July and August Many Lounges for your uses^—^Free Local Telephones Telegraph and Long Distance Telephone Service—Information ASK FOR WHAT YOU DONT SEE You are particularly urged to use the Music Room, Browsing Room, Game Room, Lounges, and all other facilities that are free and without charge. Prices for food, bowling, and billiards are most economical and reasonable.
MAKE THE UNION HUM THIS SUMMER
THE PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION
■■ ■:■'«-
II;.
"'i^' r*"
’<,'' , s-wyf-'?•*■>?,• “' ' -rl',. W.'
w « •
K- '!/'■,
!
THE PURDUE SUMMER EXPONENT
■i ; “'’f Thtti>flday,Junei7,1937
College Days End For Class Of 1937
University Honors Five With Degrees Woodbury, Davisson, Hanley, Morey, Maffoon Receive Awards
Five men, three g^'aduates of the University and the others former faculty members, were conferred honorary degrees at the annual commencement held Sunday. The recipients were: W. A. Hanley, Indianapolis, and Estus H. Magoon, New York, N. Y., doctor of engineering degrees; C. W. Morey, Chicago, 111., doctor of laws; .C. G. Woodbury, Washington, D. C., and C. J. Davisson, New York, N. Y., doctor of science degrees. The latter two men were the former faculty members. Hanley, M.E. ’ll, is now director of engineering and vice-president of the Eli Lilly Co., of Indianapolis. He is a former vice-president of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, and was recently fellow of that organization. Hanley is an author of a large number of publications covering his work. Malaria Worker Honored Magoon is widely known through his work in the field of sanitary engineering, having gained a world wide reputation through his work witlji the Rockefeller Foundation. He joined the Institute in 1919 working in malaria conti’ol in east Texas and Brazil, South America, and also working as sanijbary engineer in advising the health departments of Nicaragua, El Salvador, and Costa Rica. At present he is engaged on a special project in Cuba. C. W. Morey, E. E. ’97, is the founder and present head of the Chicago Technical College. Morey has trained thousands of workmen unable to take the regular college engineering or technical courses. Former Staff Member Gets Degree C. G. Woodbury, director of the raw products research division of the National Canners’ Association of Washington, D. C., was head of the Agricultural Experiment Station in 1917, resigning to accept his present position. He has done much to put the fruit and vegetable growing industry on a commercial basis. Dr. Davisson was a member of the physics staff at the University for the year 1903, leaving here to join the staff of the Carnegie Institute of Technology and later to join the Bell Telephone laboratories where he has remained since.
’33 Grad Wins Doctor’s Degree At Wisconsin
Miss Elizabeth Mackay, of Lafayette, a 1933 graduate from the University school of science, will receive the doctor of philosophy degree from the University of Wisconsin next Monday. Miss Mackay, who majored in botany and bacteriology, will continue her advanced work at Wisconsin this summer. *
They Made The Most Out Of College
Jeanette Scudder, pictured at the left, was chosen as the most outstanding co-ed graduate of the University class of 1937. Irene Feldt, right, completed her work here with a scholastic index of 6.05 to win the Chi Omega award of $25 for her outstanding work as a student majoring in education.
Scudder, Downey Selected As Outstanding 1937 Graduates
Jeanette Scudder, Edwardsport, graduate of the schdol of science, was announced as the most outstanding co-ed graduate, and Glen M. Downey, Michigantown, was selected as the graduate showing the greatest proficiency in athletics and scholarship, at the annual commencement exercises Sunday.
Miss Scudder, a member of the' Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority, was awarded the Flora ^. Roberts medal for her combined scholastic record which included 44% hours of H, 76 hours of A, 11 hours of B, and 6 hours of P grades and for her outstanding activities record. She belonged to the Alpha Lambda Delta society. Delta Kappa Rho, the science honorary, the Purdue Sportswomen, and Mortar Board, honorary for senior women. Miss Scudder also served as president of the Gold Peppers, as vice-president of the Women’s Self-Governing Association, and as a member of the Women’s Athletic Council.
Downey Receives Medal Downey, recipient of the Big Ten medal, has served as co-captain of the basketball team for the past season and backguard on the Boilermaker five for the last three campaigns, and as varsity baseball pitcher for the last three years. He gathered 13 hours of H, 87% hours of A, and 39% hours of B during his four years in the physical education school. Irene Feldt, Lafayette, graduate of the school of science, won the Chi Omega award of $25 for her outstanding work as a student majoring in education. Her record of 108 hours of H, 42% hours of A, and 2 hours of B gave a four year scholastic index of 6.05. This mark is one of the highest four year averages ever attained at the University. O’Neall Wins Miller Award William B. O’Neall, Delaware, 0., was given the watch awarded annually by W. F. Miller in honor of his son Ford Miller, of the ’32 class, to the mechanical engineering stu-
GRIN AND b£AR IT . ^
By Lichty
“I may a4>(^ully “ ■ myfielf.”
care of
dent who does the best job of presenting a technical subject in a popular form. Ruth Grimm, Warsaw, was given a special cash award, donated in the honor of the late Ray M. Southworth, for her work in the field of dramatics. Weldon L. Soldner, Berne, won the Major Theodore Walker prize of $100 for having the best chemistry record.
660 Get Bachelor, Higher Degrees; Governor Delivers Civic Charge
World Not Humane, But Future Seems Bright—T ownsend
“I cannot tell you that the world you are about to enter is either civilized or humane,” Governor M. Clifford Townsend addressed the 1937 class of the University. “It is neither black nor white, but a mixture of all things. “I know that your opportunities are a great deal better than those of the class of 1982 when it graduated,” he added optimistically. “I know that the United States is a more orderly, secure nation than it was in 1932. I cannot pierce the future, however, any better than you. Uphold Principles “I do know that if you uphold the principles of hope, inspiration, tolerance, truth, liberalism, curiosity, self-reliance, social consciousness, and an intelligent participation in government, you will have made the nation a better place in which to live for the class of 1947. “I think the future will see many of our'present social ills banished from our society. Daily we are mov-
■ A special award of membership in the Indiana section of the American Society of Civil Engineers went to R. R. Byington, of Chicago, and to W. H. Keenan, Gatun, Panama Canal Zone, and a similar award from the Illinois section ^yas pre^ sented to J. M. Baker, McKeesport, Pa. Dr. E. C. Elliott made all the presentations during the commencement activities Sunday.
Tjiks To Seniors
Clifford Townsend
ing to prevent a recurrence of past mistakes. I think the day will come when floods, dust storms, and soil erosion will be checked, when the worker dnd employer will work side by side solving their mutual problems, when stock market crashes ruining thousands of lives will be prevented, when child labor will be outlawed.
I Have Faith In You “I make these predictions because I have faith in you. I believe you are competent and willing to meet and conquer these problems. The (Continued on page 4)
Dr. Elliott Gives Diplomas; 789 Taken As Alumni
Six hundred and sixty bachelor and advanced degrees and five honorary doctors’ degrees were conferred by the University at its*63rd annual commencement exercises held Sunday in the Armory. Governor M. Clifford Townsend in his civic charge to the graduates pleaded that they be truthfully, liberally, and genuinely interested in government. Following the Governor’s address Dr. Edward C. Elliott presenjted the graduates with their diplomas. The graduating class of 789, including those of last August and January, were divided into schools in this manner: mechanical engineering, 149; science, 88; electrical engineering, 77; chemical engineering, 72; home economics, 67; agriculture, 63; civil engineering, 32; pharmacy, 24; physical education, 10; and industrial education, 4. Doctor of philosophy degrees were earned by Richard C. Baines, John Beck, Earl L. Butz, Gerritt Dragt, Lewis S. Hatch, "Vivian A. Johnson, Rush F. McCleary, 'Walter E. Martin, Erast K. Nielson, Alex G. Oblad, Algie G. Padgett, Fred H. Snyder, and Max H. Thornton. The entire graduating class was inducted into the alumni association by purr S. Swezey, president of the Purdue Alumni Association and Lafayette banker. One of the largest classes in the history of the University was commissioned as second lieutenants in the field artillery reserve corps of the United States as 142 seniors received their commissions.
ONfUfED
TEXT BOOKS AT
SOIJTHWORTH’S
25-
One of the largest stocks of used college text books in the West.
Southworth’s is the “complete” book store that can supply your every need and demand in textbooks and supplies.
You will enjoy the courtesy and convenience of a well-maniiged store while you are saving time and money—if you trade at
SOUTHWORT H’S
I-':; , - '1.
Clevett Prepares Full Sports Program For Summer Session
Health Certificate
Required For Swimmers
Students in the Summer Session will find sports of all kinds available at the Uhiversity, according to Prof. M. L. Clevett, director of the intramural activities. Sydmming, tennis, golf, horseshoes, baseball, volleyball, badminton, and ping pong will all be found by sports devotees. The swimming pool will be open
ummer chool
tudents
You have at your service the most complete and efficient garage l^etween Chicago and Indianapolis.
24 Hour Service
• A complete stock of parts and accessories.
• The latest in modern equipment.
• Competent w o r kmen. • Prices that are right.
Call anytime of the day or night for
Peter Anderson
Phone 4048 6th & Alabama
for men from 11 to 12 o’clock in the morning and from 4 to 6 p. m. except on Saturday afternoons and Sundays. Any spmmer student desiring to use the pool must obtain a health certificate from the Student Health Service.
Mixed Swims Women may use the pool from 2 to 3 o’clock in the afternoon. Mixed swimming will be held each Monday, Wednesday, and Friday from 8 to 9 p. m. A $2 locker fee is required of men and women for locker and towel service for the eight weeks. One dollar is returnable as a key and towel deposit. The cashier’s office will receive payments. Showers may be used during the day and most evenings. Ping pong equipment, basketballs, soft balls, archery equipment, etc., may be checked out from the main office from 9 to 12 a. m. and from 2 to 6 p. m. Sign Up At Gym Entry blanks for all campus game competitions will be found on the
When You Wake Up In the Night
and try to throw off ■ more covers and find you haven't any on . . .
then it's time for COOL PAJAMAS of zephyr weight mull . . . sturdy but cool $1.95
GEISLER’S
STUDENT SUPPLIES
Friced Especially Low for SUMMER SCHOOL
1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. 11. 12. 13. 14. 15.
16. 17.
1 Ream—500 Sheets, 8'/2xll, '^hite Bond Paper 65c 1 Ream—500 Sheets, O^^ixll, Yellow Maitilla Paper 34c 1 Pad, 100 Sheets, Form B. or A 30c Box Letter File-Indexed—A to Z 50c Steel Letter File-Indexed—A to Z - 75c 1 Pair Steel Book Ends .■ 20c High Grade, General Electric Fan .,.$3.45 Loose-Leaf Note Book Sheets, all sizes, package 15c Cross-Section and Ruled Note Books 22c Students Flexible/Desk Lamp 75c 1 Ream, 20 Jb. 8?4xll, Hammermill Bond $1.40 Handy Oak Desk L^ter Tray $1.20 Handy Wire Desk Letter Tray 25c Vertical Steel File, with indexes $2.50 Genuine Brown Leather Loose-Leaf Ring Book, Metal Hinge, 8'/2x5V4 $3.40 A Good Zipper Carrying Case $1.45 200 Sheets, 100 Envelopes, your name $1.00 A Good Stapling Machine $2.50 Desks—Chairs—J’iles—Loose-LiOaf Drawing Instruntents and Sni^pli^s
HAYWOOD’S
Fifth and Ferry Sta.
Lafayette, Ind.
Imlletin boaird. No entry fee is charged. All interested students or faculty members are invited by the gym staff to sign up for any tournaments they wish to enter. Reservations for tennis courts from 3 p. m. until dark may be made by calling in person at the Intramural office. Six singles and four doubles cement courts may be used by Summer Session students. Horseshoe courts are just east of the Armory. Three courts are near the Bell house. Horseshoes are furnished.
Pool Opens Today For Regular Use Of Faculty, Students
Summer School students as well as faculty members and their wives and members of the University clerical staff will be allowed free use of the swimming pool in the Memorial Gymnasium until the termination of the Summer Session on August 14. Each swimmer must pay a $2.00 fee at the Cashier’s office in the Executive Building for locker and towel service. One dollar of this fee will be refunded as a deposit for the key and towel. Swimmers must present an OK slip from the Student Health Service to the attendant at the pool entrance at their first appearance. Dr. S. J. Miller, director of the Student Health Service, will make the examinations without charge.
Pool Schedule The pool schedule which will go into effect today follows: men, each day 11 a. m. to 12 noon and each day from 4 to 6 p. m.; women, each day from 2 to 3 p. m.; and men and women Monday, Wednesday, and Friday from 8 to 9 p. m. Swimming classes for children started Tuesday with the following schedule: boys, Monday Wednesday, and Friday from 9:30 to 10:30 a. m. and- girls, Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday from 9:30 to 10:30 a. m. A $3.00 fee will be charged for the term.
Storin Appointed Superintendent Of Surface Lines
Howard B. Storm, a graduate of the electrical engineering school, was recently appointed superintendent of the insurance department of the Chicago Surface Car Lines. Storm, only 35 years old, is the youngest major executive of the Surface Lines. After graduation. Storm entered a training course of the Surface Lines along with several other graduates. Since that time he has served as motorman, station clerk and receiver, repairman, electrician, and more recently as an assistant purchasing agent. In his new position Storm will supervise all insurance purchases for the Surface Lines properties as well ae the eriiployee itisurance. A total of $16,151,000 in life insurance covering employes is now in force, the premiums being paid by the Surface Lines.
rp W, FOR AIRY STYLE
StYlE SPECIFIED with white flannels, palm beach—any informal summer clothes. Your feet feel as coof as they look in this ventilatejdl, Daniels patent, bal oxford with the trim straight-tip. It keeps its smart oppearance because It’s built td Fortune's 5 high style and quality specifications. ^ ,
AGENTS FOR
Fortune at $4.00 Friendly at $5.00
B & W SHOE (0.
H!1 N. 4tll Si
Fout ttoOsiers Go To National 4-H Club Camp
Indiana’s four delegates to the eleventh annual National 4-H Club Camp left Indianapolis by bus Monday noon for Washington, D. C., where they will join representatives of other states for a week’s program in the nation’s capitol city, ending June 23. Miss Lula Whitaker, member of the state 4-H staff at the University, accompanied the delegates. While in Washington, the Hoosier youths and Miss Whitaker will visit places of historical interest and of the government offices and buildings. In addition, they plan to stop for a visitation of interesting buildings and sites, while en route. Indiana Sends Four
Indiana sends four representatives, two boys and two girls, annually to the National 4-H Club Camp, and the selection is based on outstanding 4-H club records of achievement and progress. Those attending the camps this year from Indiana in , addition to Miss Whitaker are Marietta Johnson, Gaston; Max Skinner, Lafayette; Lowell Hardin, Knightstown, all students of Purdue; and Mildred Stinson, Evansville.
World Not Humane, But Future Seems Bright (Continued from page 4)
future of yourselves and millions of others rests in the hands of an enlightened, courageous, and progressive youth,” -the governor emphasized. He urged active participation in the problems of government when he said, “I charge you to take a responsible, constructive interest in government. If you are not satisfied with government in Indiana, and you should not be satisfied, do not criticize, but participate in government. Work through the party system to improve your government. You owe much more to your gov-
itn:
efhment than a routine trip to the
polls. Yon should aid in the selection of the candidatiEs dud the pAttf principles. Needs Popular Support ''Government is.- a big job and needs the support of all the people. The government of our nation was formed so that the rule of the majority should be the law. At no time since the Revolutionary war and the war between the states has there been such a necessity for intelligent participation in government as today. We are just beginning to catch up with the high speed industrial civilization and the problems of multitude. It is your duty, as much as it'is mine, to study current issues affecting the welfare of the people. I am merely the general
manager of yomr eorporailon^ tite State of Indiana. You are the stock* holders and the board of directora," . Ontfaw iRnet^iie* The goremor pointed out that tolerance is a barricade against diS' pute, strife, and war. "We can outlaw these enemies of mankind,”* he said, "only when men and nations achieve tolerance. "I charge you to he liberal and enlightened. Liberalism is nothing queer and unique. It is a practi^I, workable, philosophy based on intelligent mutual understanding and the principle that man and women must have freedom and security. We have no ancestry of tyranny and you must see that we have no future of tsrranny.”
V,
Ji' ii
On Warm Days Use MORE MILK
SUNSHINE FARMS Phone 5015
Our Delivery Man Passes Your Door
By special arrangement we present the season's grandest purchase
Simply keavenly for yourself. .. for a . . * for
your Quests I Seven skaJes of Luclen Lelon^*« new **Dttvetyn” Face PowJer—iiiitrvelously soft, c]in$m|, llatterii;^-~in ono packa^o You’ll ilae tkem alL Puffs are in tke cenlero OffergJi. at a special introductory price, m a Imiied quantityf
1
518-520 Main St.
DECKER’S
6477
Phdab and MaU Orders tilled Preuptlr
h'- 't'
'M
-. ‘ fhiTHE PURDUE SUMMER EXPONENT
Thursday^ Jitnfe 17,1937
I
K
I
/
Browsing Room Offers Recreational Reading In Pleasant Surroundings
By Mrs. L. W. Josselya BrowBingr Room LibraHan
Since the Summer-Session a year ago a new wing of the Purdue Memorial Union has been completed, and here is housed our Browsing Room. It is a very attractive room furnished with comfoi’table chairs and equipped with adequate light, inviting one to read the books to be found
here on open shelves.
President Elliott
Issues Statement
These books, about half of which are fiction, were selected by a committee of faculty and students as representative of the literature of these times and those past. Since the initial purchase, books that fit into the idea and purpose of the room have been added as they have been published so that the collec-
tion is up-to-date.
Volumes Of All Kinds
Volumes of biography, travel, philosophy, and history occupy the shelves on the right of the fireplace. On the other side one will find essays, poetry, drama, useful and fine arts, science, and religion. One alcove contains books on sociology, and the other a loan collection from the Purdue University Library of volumes from the private library of Charles Major, a former trustee of the University and perhaps be^t known to most people as the author of “Dorothy Vernon Of Haddon Hall.” The fiction is on the shelves along the north wall of the
room. Open Day And Night The Browsing Room is open for reading during the day and evening, and all students and visitors to the campus are invited to avail themselves of this opportunity to read in pleasant surroundings with the best in the world of books at hand. Welcome Suggestions While the library was established primarily for the purpose of providing a place for recreational reading, it may also be used by one interested in ideas for additions to one’s private library, as \vell as to a school or public library. We welcome suggestions concerning books which might be added, and are glad to answer questions about books on the shelves or to recommend interesting ones to read. From the printed page may be gleaned the wisdom of the ages, and in the company of books is found relaxation and'pleasure as well as education and culture.
SUMMER STUDEXTS
Will find it most convenient to buy Popcorn, Candy, Cigarettes, Tobacco and Ice Cream Bars here. Also Hom-Pak Ice Creams
Dad’s Place . • Handy
132 Vine St. West Lafayette
641 Main St., Lafayette
Summer School Students
We are prepared to take care of your laundry, dry cleaning, hat cleaning or shoe repairing.
10% discount on all laundry brought in and called for at our West Lafayette office. Pick up and delivery service if desired. Call 3085
American Laundry
Hey!
Fellows
Polo Shirts and Slacks
are what the campus man will wear this summer...for they are • COOL • COMFORTABLE • SMART • ECONOMICAL Polo Shirts Slacks $1.00 to $1.50 $1.95ltol$2.50
DEWENTER’S
416 Main...Lafayetle
With ^37 Diplomas
Each diploma presented to 1937 graduates was accompanied by the following statement, prepared by Dr. E. C. Elliott, president of the University. “A few days before his death, T. E. Shaw, the Lawrence of Arabia, wrote to his close friend Bruce Rogers (Purdue ’91 and the designer of your diploma), ‘But on the whole think I prefer engrossment to comfort. Perhaps comfort is an acquired taste which grows with its indulgence.’ Here one, who made his life an artistic, thrilling adventure, has placed in sharp contrast two forces controlling the course and quality of living. “Your Purdue apprenticeship, ended today, should enable you clearly to distinguish and rightly to value these forces. Whether this diploma means much or little depends upon your skill in apportioning yourself toHhe manifold tasks ahead; the tasks you voluntarily choose as well as those life arbitrarily assigns to you. Fuse Self And Work “At this moment a random processiofi of individuals moves through my mind. Some have place in the enduring records ofTnen. Here and there is one from my personal circle, one of the unknown many. Whether high or humble, each seems to have been able to fuse the stuff of self with the stuff of work so as to produce a distinctive alloy of life. “I see a Nathan Hale regretting that he had but one life to give for his country; a Henry Stanley dar ingly executing the order to find Livingstone in the African wilderness; A Florence Nightengale hero ically creating the humane profession of nursing; a private Kissinger volunteering under a Walter Reed for the victory of science over yellow fever; a Samuel Langley, faced by destroying ridicule, but steadfast in his faith in man’s mechanical fight; a Marie Curie challenging the power’ of beneficient radium. Comfort Not First “Each of you may will your own like procession of those who did not put comfort first in the program of life. “Mere comfort may be a natural
tt
C.” CARTER
for
Keys, Locks, Bicycles^ Rubber Stamps GENERAL REPAIRING
state & Main, W. Lafayette 2291—PHONE—2291
Wins Big Ten Medal
Summer Students — Room board. 5 Waldron. Phone 2671.
and
Student Rooms—For rent during summer. Just off campus. 203 University Street.
Graduating Couple Have Identical
School History
Among the graduates of Purdue University this year and who got their diplomas Sunday as members of the 63rd graduating class of the institution were a couple w)io have been in the same classes through kindergarten, grade school, high school, and finally the University. They are Miss Marjorie M. Knott, 2715 South street, Lafayette, and Eugene B. Jackson, 25 South 26lh street, Lafayette. Both are grad-
uates of the school of science and
both are graduating with honors.
by-product of spiritual engrossment. Then it is well and good. But the engrossment in worthy achievements is rarely the partner of comfort. Purdue has earnestly endeavored to ally you to those who prefer the goals of a disciplined, consecrated engrossment rather than to those who crave self-satisfying
Glen Downey, co-captain of the 1936-37 Boilermaker basketball squad and a backguard on the net team and pitcher on the varsity baseball nine for the past three seasons, was given the Big Ten medal as the graduate showing the most proficiency in athletics and scholarship during his college career.
For Your Convenience
You can get all those knick-knacks and odds and ends that you are always needing at the new and handy 5-10-$1.00 store—in the village.
PURDUE 5 -10 - $1.00 STORE , 312 State -St. Across from the PostoflBce
4-H
SOUVENIRS
Of Your Round-Up
will bring a lot of joy to yourselves and your friends.
You can’t help but find a souvenir that will both suit your taste and pocketbook among the large selection at
SOUTHWORTH^S
Opposite the Post Office—in the Village
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a ' COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERSI
..BE COMFORTABLE.
WEAR
Slacks & Polo Shirts
Slacks
COOL NEAT ECONOMICAL
Polo Shirts
A large selection in color, style, and cut, is yours to chbose from at
Fancy Shorts and Shirts that wiU give long: service. Each
25c
$1.48
Cool, light weight two-piece Pajamas for mid-summer (th i aq wear ^ x .4^0
in all colors, styles,- and sizes. You can’t afford to miss them at
and up
Durable, light-weight regulation “T" Shirts. Each
48c
48c
and up
Reliable Clothing Company
224 MAIN ST., LAFAYETTE
ALL PURDUE SUMMER SCHOOL BOOKS
New and Second Hand Books and Supplies
FOR SALE
EVERYTHING FOR A COLLEGE EDUCATION
H. G. REISNER BOOK STORE “Deac”