j>^ ^
,4Y 'i’ •'JKh,
1, -',^1
jji «?'
^ .yfi;
STJtlie ¥ntfxn^ ISxjfxcintnt
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLtTME XLVra
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1936
NUMBER 08
O’Brien Talks At Convo In Fowler Hall Tonight
Lecturer
Conciatu To Give
Talk On Roumania
Vasile '6onciata wiU sf>eak on Roumania at an open Cosmopolitan duly meeting ^tomorrow at 7 p. m. in room A of the Memorial Union Building. Conciatu, a member of the school of electrical engineering, has spent five years in Roumania. He will discuss Roumania in general, answering any question in that regard.
Chi Epsilon To Convene Here
Representatives From 13 Schools Assemble
On Campus Tomorrow
Delegates from thirteen universities will gather on the Purdue campus tomorrow for the bi-annual national conclave of Chi Epsilon, national civil engineei^ing honorary. The meeting will open \yith a smoker on Friday and will be followed by business meetings, a banquet, and a luncheon Saturday. Representatives from Wisconsin, Armour, California, Colorado, Cornell, M. I. T., Pennsylvania State, Southern California, Texas, and Missouri will be here for the convention. They will be directed by the Supreme Council, which is composed of professors from the various institutions.
Ags Will Discuss Insect, Control
As a feature of the annual Agricultural Conference Week, scheduled for the week of January 11, members of tlie University department of entomology will participate in a number of discussions and demonstrations pertaining to the latest developments in means of protecting property from damage by dozens of major insect pests annually causing losses in Indiana. These programs will be of interest both to men and women, as insect relationships to ornamentals as well as to crop plants are topics for talks. Wednesday morning will be devoted to a discussion of problems of interest to the housewife and home-owner. Those members of the staff who are participating in this series of programs are: Prof. J. J. Davis, Prof. H. O. Deay, G, E. Gould, E. B. Montgomery, G. E. Lehker, and G. E. Marshall.
Co-eds Threaten
^Kissing Strike ’
Salt Lake City, Utah—(IP)— Freshmen coeds threatened a “kissing strike” on the University of Utah campus when their laboratory experiments showed the rapid rate of (growth of bacteria that follows kissed egar cultures. AWS President Margaret Pri^e said, “Kissing may not be so dangerous if you use the right technique” She refused to demonstrate.
P. J. Houston, of Reynolds, who graduated from the University school of civil engineering in 1936v is now employed as engineer with the M. W. Kellogg Company on the installation of a $6,000,000 oil refinei?y for the Atlantic Refining Company at Port Arthur, Texas,
REGISTRATION WORK
Students who wish to work for the Registrar during the second semester registration, February 2 and 8 are requested to leave their names at the Registrar’s office before the Christmas holidays. Students who have worked attprevious registrations or have had' office or clerical experience are preferred. STONE, Registrar.
To Give Additional
Address Tomorrow
In Biology Building
Dr, Robert Lincoln O’Brien, news paper editor and chairman of the U. S. Tariff Commission, will address students, faculty members, and townspeople in Eliza Fowler Hall tonight at 8 o’clock at the second lecture convocation of the year. His subject will be “Our Experiments In President Making.” Doctor O’Brien will also give an informul lecture on problems of tariff and foreign trade Friday morning at eleven o’clock in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall. This is primarily for those students who have eleven o’clock classes in either economics or government, but other students and faculty members Who are free at that hour may attend.
Help Tuberculosis Sufferers; Buy Christmas Seals
Christmas Seals are being sold by the National Tuberculosis Association and its 1,981 affiliated associations to support the educational program to conrtol tuberculosis. The funds are used in the states where they are raised with the exception of five per cent, which goes to the National Tuberculosis Association.
This IS the thirtieth annual Christmas Seal sale and it is the tenth time that the face of Santa Claus has been used for the symbol of^ieallhi. Santa ^aus on tl^ 1936 g]feen*’and red sdal has beep treated in the modern cartoon manner. This is fitting because the thirtieth seal has a new and more optimistic message than in former years. Modern health methods have done much to force the death nate due to tuberculosis down. Nevertheless this is no time to rest on laurels already won. Nearly 70,000 persons die yearly from tuberculosis and half of these are men and women between the ages of 16 and 46.
Magazine Offers Four Prizes In Contest For New Sport Suit Design
Mademoiselle magazine is sponsoring a “Design For Living” for college students. A large store will choose each of the winning suits in the four districts into which the United States has been divided for the purpose of this contest. Marshall Field will give the winner in this district a free suit of her design and also the honor of having her name used in connection with suits manufactured from this design. Girls who wish to enter the contest may obtain entry blanks from local board members of Mademoiselle; Ruth Ezra, Barbara Gibbs, Marjorie Poor, and Betty Simpspn. Samples of the material to be used in the suit and the rules for the contest are on the bulletin board in the Home Economics Building, The details of the contest are in the December issue of Mademoiselle.
Students See Firemen Extinguish Roof Blaze
As interested stu^iepts gathered before 286 S. Grant street yesterday afternoon, the firemen of the W. Lafayette fire department ascended by ladders to the roof of the frame buildipg to extinguish a fire which started at the peak of a dry shingle roof.
The probable cause of the fire was a faulty flue. However, slight damage was done to the house, which is owned by the Sterrett Mercantile 'Compapy, apd is occupied by P. W* Case, of the practical mechanics department, D, A. Dutton, student in the electrical engineering school, and Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Irwin.
^BEfcrL
Boilermaker Net Squad Swamps Bulldogs, 44“ 14
Foster To Discuss Print Exhibit
O. L. Poster, owner of the photographic studio opposite the Memorial Union Building, will criticize an exhibition of prints at a meeting of the Camera Club this evening. The meeting will be held in room B of the Memorial Union Building at 7 o’clock.
Erect Slide On Stuart Field
Purdue Varsity Outscores Butler Team^ 25~3, in First Half; 30 Athletes Participate By Dick Obenchain
Outplaying Butler in every department of the game, Coach Piggy Lambert’s Boilermaker net squad put on a fine exhibition of basketball as it should be played last night at the Jeff Gym, when they downed Tony Hinkle’s Bulldogs by the score of 4^ to 14.
Skiing, Ice Skating On Winter Program
SDX To Hold Reception For Dr. O’Brien
Public Invited To Meet Noted Editor Following Convocation
The University chapter of Sigma Delta Chi, national professional journalistic fraternity, will hold a reception for Dr. Robert Lincoln O’Brien immediately following the lecture convocation this evening. The reception will take place in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. This room will be the only room of the Union ppen at this time because of the Union employees banquet. There will be refreshments served at the reception, which is open to the public.
A slide is being erected on the south end of the Intramural Field in preparation for the first snow. This will afford an opportunity for the winter sports enthusiasts to enjoy themselves on sleds and skis this winter. Stuart Field,will be flooded for the benefit of ice skaters as soon as freezing weather sets in.
Scientists Study Causes^ Effects Of Drunkedness
Pi Kappa Alpha
Pi Kappa Alpha announces the pledging of the following men: B. H. Bums, Chicago, 111.; N. M. Cox, Chicago, 111.; and R. E. Grady, Defiance, Ohio.
New York, N. Y.—(ACP)— The scientists have solved a problem that has long troubled physiologists as well as liquor drinkers — why does alcohol make a person drunk? Drs. R. A. McFarland of Columbia University and A. L. Barach of the College of Physicians and Surgeons found that it deprives the body of oxygen and thus induces dizziness. Physiologists have noticed an amazing similarity bewteen the basic symptoms of the intoxicated person and those of the mountain climber who suffers from altitude sickness because of the rarity of air at great heights. The two doctors suggest treatment with combined oxygen and carbon dioxide as a result of their recent experiments.
44
Sister Sherlock^^ Sees Strange Sights In Familiar Campus Scenes
By Betty Renn
Are you a Purdue Sherlock Holmes or just a natural human who doesn’t see much of what he looks at? As you dash across the campus to make your eight o’clock on time, or stray over to the Sweet Shop to “jo” during a free period, or wander down the walks hand in hand between dances, just exactly how much do you see of what is. around you? There are peculiarities about different buildings and interesting and queer things dotted over the campus. Try playing “have you seen” or “do you know.” It’s some sport. Gold Diggers We would be much obliged if someone would tell us where the pennies are in the walk. Gimlets are supposed to know the spot, I hear, but it’s like hunting for a sunflower at a Democratic Convention to try to find one that does know. We have a searching committee appointed which walks a different way to class each day, furiously Scrutinizing the walks and pretending to be avoiding the glare of the sun looking down. One never knows when he will need a few extra cents and it wduld be too had to have the whole campus get wind of this gold miqe. We already have ^ good pick-axe lined up. ’ Blushing Numbers Are the numerals on the Hall clock Roman or Arabic? last year some daring young man with a flying paint brush conquered the tower and painted one of the sixes red, but time or an ambitious janitor had its effect, for the blush has disappeared. Just to verify the theory of “unobserving public” we conducted an
experiment in the recognized Purdue manner. Knowing darn well that there is nothing but two great stone blocks in front of the Union Building (which are to be carved into statues at a later date) we went around asking people what the statues by the door of the Union are of. After much puzzling and brain racking on their part we had answers ranging from Chris Columbus and John Purdue to Sally Rand and lions. These people truly believed that they had seen these things there. There is'one advantage to having just blocks—everyone can imagine his own hero in the place of honor. Lost—Union Workroom Who knows where the Union workroom is besides the busy Union bees themselves ? You go down a long corridor in the basement past potatoes and peas cooking in the cafeteria kitchen, past store rooms where you reach through a door and snitch an apple, make a couple of turns and you’re there. I suppose you thought they carried those huge backdrops for the dances upstairs to the ballroom. You may prepare to say “0(h Yeah!” but they really slide them up through a hole in the floor. Ob, That Floor Speaking of the ballroom, did you ever notice how the wood in that floor you've danced on so niany times is laid out? The mathematical precision of it is beautiful. The bed of cannas back of Fowler Hall that was red last spring is now yellow. Ho hum! You never know. Nature just sneaks up on you. Now you find one. I'm tired.
uring the first half when Lkmbert played the varsity, th\ Purdfife^etters really did a wb^^pnanlhce ‘job in scaring 25 points and holding the Bulldogs to three points. Rough Play
The game, which was a little rougher than usual, brought forth a different t3rpe of basketball than is generally seen in Purdue games. The Boilermaker varsity slowed down their play and the team looked much more finished than they have in any of their previous encounters. After the end of the first half and both Hinkle and Lambert saw that the issue of who was to win the game was no longer in doubt, the two coaches entered a new combination to see who could use the most substitutes. Not being on his home floor, Tony Hinkle was at a great disadvantage and when Lambert bean to call on the janitor corps for replacements, the Butler mentor lost heart and conceded the race to Lambert who finally won 16 to 14. Sines, Young Lead The Purdue scoring honors went to Sines and Young who scored 12 and 10 points respectively. These two Purdue forwards broke away from their guards time after time and were able to score almost at will.
It was quite apparent that had Lambert been so inclined he could have doubled his score and really trampled the Butler squad much more. (Continued on page 3)
150 Attend Annual
WRH Christmas Party
At the annual Christmas pajama party held last night by the Women’s Residence Hall, 150 girls exchanged presents and sang carols. Katherine Davis led the W. R. H. members of the Glee Club and University choir in a gfroup of Christmas carols.
Gaby D. Roe, Marjorie McKinley, Dorothy Hewitt, Dorothy Hardin, and Mary JLee Hickman were in charge of the party.
Boston University Co-eds Disclose Pet Peeves About Males
Boston, Mass.—(ACP)—^Do you want a second date with vivacious Virginia, the gal you had out for the first time the other night? Are you going to get it?—^is the next question you want to ask yourself. No, that seceret formula for absorbing personality in twenty-four hours hasn’t been discovered yet. Women of Boston University have merely disclosed their particular peeves against certain males with whom they wouldn’t care to date again, and it sounds like a fairly reasonable list of criticisms: “Don’t pun all the time. Don’t spend less than 75 cents for a dinner. Don’t wear red neckties and don’t go without garters. Don’t kiss on the first date. Don’t eat onions, chew gum, or drink when out on a date. Don’t ask a gal to spend any money.”
AlumniToGive Banquet For Football Men
Bob NewhaH Speaks To Coaches, Team in Indianapolis Tonight
Bob Newhall, sports commentator of radio station WLW, wiU speak at the banquet given in honor of the Boilermaker football squad, the coaching staff, and the AU-City High School football squad, by the Purdue Alumni Association of Indianapolis tonight on the roof garden of the Severin Hotel in the capitol city. The toastmaster for the evening will be M. H. Comeron, ’16. Alumni representatives of the University, and members of the squad and coaching staff will give short talks. One of the main features of the program will be the presentation by Coach “Nobe” Kizer of the medals and certificates awarded yearly to the fifteen outstanding high school players in Indianapolis by the Indianapolis Alumni Association.
Low Fares On HoKday Trips
AirHne, Railroad, Bus Rates At Lowest Mark
Students planning to go home during the Christmas holidays by airplane, train, or bus, will find the rates lower this year than they have ever been. Greater use of the airlines and the recent reduction in railroad fares has brought this about. Bud Skinner, of the Kappa Sig house, who is campus representative for all of the major airlines, stated that for long distances the airplane fare would be slightly less than the railroad fare if meals and incidentals are takOn into accoimt. The reduced railroad fare prohibits the granting of reduced round trip tickets or special holiday rates for passage by coaches, but there is a slight reduction on round trip tickets for pullman accomodations.
Bowling Alleys Will Stay Open During Christmas Holidays
The Union bowling alleys will be open during the Christmas holidays according to a statement received last night from Ralph Stutkey, the manager. “We will dose the alleys Thursday night (tonight) at 9:30 because of the Union Employee’s Party, hut we will remain open every day dur* ing the holidays,” Stuckey said.
SchediRed Music Room Program CanccUed
The Christmas program planned for presentation in the music room at 7:30 tonight has been canceled because of the conflict with the convocation. ^
Christian Foundatlont To
Give HoRday Banquet
The Purdue Christian Foundation will hold its annual Chrmtmas banquet tomorrow night m the basement of the First Christian Ghurdr at 6:30 o’clock. A holiday atmosphere wiR be lent to the affair by an excbaiRj^ of gifts and Christmaa musie. Several short talks mil be made cmih' memorating and discussing Christmas season. Tickets may 1^ secured front members at the cenrmlttee. the ^nnsnittee indtea ev^?yone to the bahqdat, y y.
4 ,
•f iV "r
.0 J !■* t
ft 1^^'I>»«s6Two
'mm
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thttt^day, December 17^J936
(i* 5
Merit Systems Activities which elect their officers on the basis of past performances are fast coming to realize that merit systems are usually preferable to hit-or-miss snap judgment. In some elections, however, such as that of the Prom committee and S. A. A. vice-presidents, there is no past record on which to base the elections. But in those activities which require considerable work before elections, as well as after, the merit system finds its proper place. Debris, Union, Exponent, and others are included in this classification. The election of officers of W. S. G. A. and the Student Senate might also fall within the scope of merit systems. The elimination of politics from elections and the use of merit systems go hand in hand, although the former is possible without the latter. Definite progress has been noted of late in the institution of merit systems. H. R. Sennstrom, editor of the Independent, recently announced a merit system for his staff. The Exponent is this year attempting to conduct its elections in this manner. Rumors have it that the Union is seeking a suitable plan, and that certain W. S. G. A. officials have been considering the situation. One thing is a drawback to the idea. An ironclad merit system, followed to the letter, might at times prove disastrous. It is almost impossible to construct an absolutely perfect merit system. In other words, things must occasionally be taken into consideration that those who made the merit plan forgot to include. Attitude, for example, is often of extreme importance in an activity such as the Exponent, yet it seems practically impossible to include it as such in our merit system. But merit systems in general are definitely on the increase, a fact to gladden the heart of the honest, hard-working activity man.
A Fair Test ? Near the middle of and during the last two weeks of each semester, nearly all the students in the University are required to take two or more tests in each course that they are taking. According to Webster’s, a test is “any critical trial and examination; trial; means of trial; or a standard.” A “critical” test is one, therefore, that is “nicely judicious.” Most tests are designed to cover the main points that have been studied in the course. If, when a department gives a test that is supposed to be inclusive and fair, the results of that test show that the average grade is one (graded on the basis of ten as perfect), then there is a deficiency somewhere. If it rests with the students, it means one of two things, either that the students taking the course are below the average mentally, or that they, as a whole, fail to take in interest in the course. Interest in this particular course, physics, is almost a necessity. It is supposed to give the fundamental principles on which three of our engineering courses are built. There are fewer “cuts” from this course than any other course that these students are required to take. This indicates that they desire some knowledge of the physics course. As a whole, I think that the average of this class can be compared favorably with any other class that has enrolled in the University. Let us return to this test that was given by this department. It was graded on the basis of “right minus wrong divided by three.” Then the low grades did not show that the students taking the course knew how to solve only ten per cent of the problems that were given on the test These grades showed that the ones taking the test had failed, dur-,
Slie ^urbue exponent
Fonnded in 188S
ing recitations, to acquire enough knowledge of the material covered in the course to answer the “representative” questions asked on the test. One student on learning of his grade that he made on the test exclaimed, “I would have been much better off if I’d have gone in to the test, written my name on the paper, and then gone home and studied something else. I’d have made the same grade—^zero.” When this subject has to be, because it has been slighted by the department supposed to teach it, taught in a much more simple and practical way by another department (applied mechanics) later on in the course of an engineering education, why not present it in a simple and co-ordinated way in the first place and relieve the later course of the bother and responsibilty of covering it in its own schedule ?—D. R. V.
Our Civil School ^ Various members of the teaching staff of the civil engineering school are nobly assisting members of the English department in teaching the correct use of their language to stupid engineers. A misplaced comma is even more of a serious mistake than an incorrect pressure calculation, and to refer to a certain laboratory course as Hydraulics lab is a sin as great as saying that a cubic foot of water weighs 19.385 pounds. But they have a black sheep among them. He is human—^he can make mistakes, and how! When correcting laboratory reports he came across a real error. Some person of iporonic intelligence had written across the front of the report cover, “Cival Engineering.” The instructor couldn’t let that pass—no sir. So he picked up his big red pencil and corrected the mistake; and when the student looked at his report after they were returned, he was surprised to learn that he should have written “Civel Engineering.” It’s a great little school we got to.—J. E. B.
BY CADWALLADER The Exponent will not assume responsibility for the opinions voiced in this column Such opinions are solely those of the writer
On Vacation Studying Christmas comes but once a year, but when it comes a lot of students take books home with them with the intention of getting a bit of studying done. As yet, I have never found anyone who ever did as much studying during a vacation as he said he would. Naturally most of thes people who take books home open them up for a five-minute look, but real study just doesn’t seem to fit in with the holiday spirit. Nevertheless, year after year luggage containing books accompanies almost all student to their vacation residences. Undoubtedly there is a very small percentage of students who live up to their promises to themselves and spend many long hours in serious, thoughtful perusals of the books they brought along. This failure to live up to expectations of many study hours is not to be looked at with disgust. It undoubtedly is good for the physical and mental health of the individual involved, because a rest not complicated by worry and studies is decidedly necessary and advantageous for most students. Because this failure is so general, it appears that Nature has thus provided a safety valve to prevent the student from blowing up under the pressure of things scholastic. For the occasional person who absolutely must study during vacation, either to stay in school or to keep out of an extra semester or year of school, vacation studying is a necessity. But, for the average person, it is better to work a little harder in the weeks preceding or following vacation than to try to spend the vacation itself buried in books.
Entrance examinations at the University of California this year demonstrated that economics is the hardest s\ibject to pass.
The serious problem facing the editors of the country now that Dave Windsor has quit is will the Pickford-Rogers affair come to life again ?
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave New York N Y. CHICAGO . BOSTON . SAN FRANCISCO Los ANGELES . PORTLAND . SEATTLE Entered as seeond class matter at the post office, Lafayette, In-| diana. DeUvered by matt, $8.60 per year; delivered by carrier. $2.6ol pmr year; sold by single copy, 2 cents. UAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Bnsmess Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 60871
Fun IS like insurance. The older you get, the more it costs you.
TOM GRAHAM, Deac’s pinkfaced salesman, is one of these love turner oflFers and oners—his latest oner was DIXIE GIST, who wore his Alpha Gamma Kho nng for an evening—he is now looking for another victim who will possibly wear it two evenings in a row . . . Surprise—^have you noticed that EUGENE JACKSON, student, and student librarian, is doing right well by himself where one certain member of the opposite sex is concerned—GENE has been one of these “no women for me types”— even the strongest female dislikers fall—look at football hero, George Bell for instance, he hasn’t been seen without a female companion since football practice stopped . , . WAR The annual ATO—Chi Omega Christmas wreath tangle is being waged—^the object seems to be for each group to take the other’s Christmas wreath oif the other’s door—at present it is a tie and for once the women aren’t having the last word . . . A CHALLENGE Men are such brutes They’re nil, that’s all They shine their boots And make girls fall. Then each dumb dame Asks an ed to dance It’s really a shame She wants romance. But the boys are dopes And the date falls through Now you gals know the ropes Make ’em fall for you! —WRH. Ed’s Note; Are there any comments, eds???? . . . C. C. CLIFTON has been crowned the champion hop scotch player of the Univeisity—^his recent challenge meet on the second floor of the Union Building has removed all doubt of his ability . The Lambda Chis have been very annoying to the Alpha Chis recently—^they have been making their trosh serenade the above lassies with Christmas carols at 6 in the
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
Editor-in-Chief Uanaciiw Editor^
EOITOBIAL STAFF
ABEbelAte Edito(a„,. Sophomore AMbtante
W. T. Hunt;* JBi. H. UorriB
K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Fomter.l
n. P. Manlon, O. L. Sadler'
W. M. Anthony. D. A. Bailey, J. A. Ch^in, J. B. Olayk, L. S. Hardin, A. B. Keller, E. H. Kellosw, K. E. O’Neil. C. D. Sehroeder, £L L Stanback, D. B. Vance.
■dlfaw Aaiodate Bditore.-"1 . Advartbing Manager,.
WOMENV STAFF
Helen Creech Jeanne Janonaek, Dorb McCartney,
Elisabeth Pyke
— — Be^ Barnett
, , „ BUSINESS STAFF Bwinees Manager-... » j Hulae Managw “.rUH/BrowS Local .Mnotoing Manager..- D. C. Miller Circulation Miwager^ Girai^
Sgorto Editor
SPOBT8 STAFF
Aawwiato S^Murto Bditmi-
. — -J* D. Wood
—W. H. FiSeld, S. B. Griffitlu,
M F. Obenebain
iMue Editor-—W. M. Anthony
Every living creature is supposed to have some purpose in nature’s plan, but the road hog must have been a zoological error.— —Daily Mirror.
We time.-
are planning on an uncorking -Christopher Morley.
good
More than one-half of the 140 college graduates who are Rhodes scholars, and over 40 years of age, are listed in Who’s Who.
1. Reform the Student Senate. 12. Establish merit systems for campus activity elections. ^ 3. Elimuiate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 4. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections. ^ 5. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees.
LUMA TODAY - PBIDAY - SATUBDAY 2 FIRST RUN HITS
IIMR4MISING MYSTERY and DRAMA)
HTTke SKY* with WARREN HULL JEAN MUIR
mMspor ■..BECAUSE SHE 'KNOWS TOO MUCH!
MARY ASTOR
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichly
01936 by United Feature Syndicate Inc
‘The warden says you’re pardoned and to take your infernal contraption with you.”
morning—any old shoes, ~ bottles, etc. you have at your disposal will be appreciated . . . BILL WINTER, who has been dividing his time between SALLY McDERMID, XO, and BONNIE RABER, AX, IS practically in the dog house where both are concerned—SALLY has delt him out for DICK PETTIGREW while BONNIE has delt him out because he has been delt out by SALLY . . . Saturday night at the Cary Hall brawl MILLAGER’S gal got LEE BENNETT’S signature—this didn’t suit MILLAGER so he proceeded to get the blonde singer’s name and address ... at the same dance BOB DISTARDICK, who has a hard time (Continued on page 4)
ARC TODAY - FRIDAY - SATURDAY JOHNNY MACK BROWN
“BETWEEN MEN” — and — MARY ASTOR and LYLE TALBOTT in “Trapped By Television” — also — Last Chapter of “CLUTCHING HAND” — Plus First Chapter of CLYDE BEATTY in “DARKEST AFRICA”
Today - Friday - Saturday DOUBLE FEATURE
HARP RIDING! HARP FIGHTING! y' BOB UVINCSTONB g / GHOST TOWN -PIm"saved from a LYNCH-MAD MOBff’* -*> riT f%< 1. ^ -r , L
December 17/10£t6
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Boilermakers
DelfaiilEive Tackle Veteran Blue / Demon Teana Saturday Night In Chicagu Saturday night will find Purdue’s basketball team facing DePaul at ChicagOi The game will be held at 7:30 in the 132nd Regiment Armory.; . Five men from last year’s squad are on the 1936 Blue Demon team and this veteran crew has been playing the same brand of basketball again this year that it did last year when it lost to , Purdue by ;two points. The two point loss to the Btoilermakers was one of the few defeats suffered bji the Chicago team, which went to the semi-finals of the district, tournament in an effort to become the A. Ai U. representative in the Olympics, pleated: Pitteburgh; This year’s team , defeated the powerful Pittsburgh squad earlier in the season and eked out a two point victory over Hahiiirnei the Minnesota conference champions, last Tuesday.
for tmnlu, door Iockii,Viicsk locks, night latches and padlocko. Anto keys and handle locks a cialty.F* Jos. Mulhaiipt & Son 209-11 lilorth Fifth Street Phone 2828 . Lafayette, Ind.
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop In the - ■ VARSiry BOOT SHOP
R.J.BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
Domer’s FloMrer Shop Quality Flowara Main at 7th Phone 6050
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
21 To Compete In Goldto Gloves Semi-Final Bpid;s Twenty-bhe snryiybrs of iJhe first round of the Cblden Cloves will participate in. the semi-final bouts of the “Pnrdue Golden Gloves” that will be held on the sixth of Jan^ uary, ■ On Tuesday, January 5,1937, and on Wednesday, the night of the fights, the boxers whose names appear in the following list will repbrt to the Memorial, Gymnasium for examination by the doctor before entering the ring. 112 lb.—MarkCy vs. Franklin. 118 lb.—Steelman, vs. Nash. 126 Ib.-^HardCsty vs, Mulholland 135 lb.;;—Case vs. Krashen. - 147 lb—Trcka vs. Forburger. 147 lb.—Giovanni vs, "Pater. 147 lb.^Bryan vS. Giles, l60-lb.-—Bacharach vs. Paarlberg 176 ib.-^L^les ys, Burks. Heavyweight—Record vs. Surface. Rosenberg drew the bye in the i35-lbT class. He will fight the winner of the Wrashen and Case bout the thi:rteenth of January. The winners in the 147-lb. class will have to fight two bouts the night of January 6. There will be an allowance of two pounds, due to the expected participation: in holiday festivities, and hot an ounce more, at the time of weighingrihj according to a statement made yesterday by coach “Punchy” Maxwell.
4:456:30-
6:15—,
7:007:45-
■f -f -f
> -f
8:30—;
> > ^ -f ^
SQUASH
4- > 4 -f -t- +
—TODAY^ CLASS “A”
Alpha Tau Omega vs. Beta Theta Pi or Phi Delta Theta, -Sigma Alpha Mu vs, Phi
Kappa Psi.
CLASS “B” Phi Delta. Theta, vs. Sigma
Chi.
FRESHMAN SQUASH J. Simmons vs, G. E. Alex-
ander.
H. Fuente vs. F, Munro. S. H. Scully vs. H. E. Eber-
hard. .
H. W. Lownie vs. D. Blitz.-
FRESHMAN BASKETBALL
The following men will continue to report for practice on freshman ' basketball squad; Baker, Beretta^ Behrens, Brite, Brady, Brock, J. Brown, R. Brown, Close, B. Fisher, D. Fisher, Foster, Goldsteih, Her■shelman, Krause, Lee, Locker, Lorenz, Lucas, Mears, Miller, Nesbit, Oxley, Rauth, Shakleton, Shank, Stamm, Thursby, Thomas, Utter, Walkey, Williamson, Winchell, Yeager. “Dutch” FEHRING.
NEW MAIN
TODAY
fhffvflii I ^
Westward to the Kentufeky wilderness with the greatest hero of the trail! A stirring tele of the pioneers who pressed the white man’s boundaries beyond the Ohio River.
THURSDAY - FRIDAY SATURDAY
ARC
THURSDAY - FRIDAY SATURDAY
starting the Greatest of All Wild Animal Serials ■ :15 Chapters
eT-s
♦> >
♦ ♦♦*enoice ».By Boh;Walpole«MMM>
Purdue’s varsity pistol tdam got into geaT yesterday afternoon for their first meeting . . . coached by Captaitt Kay, the University team will shoot for another National Championship . . . although two of last year’s team are absent, one by graduation and the other by withdrawal, the Old GpW; and Black sharpshooters have in their representation Fred Engelking and Jim Baker ... Granis was last year’s leader and he is now one of Purdue’s mSny alumni . . . Jiin Newhall, elected, captain for the 1937 season, recently withdrew ftpm school . • . ■ ■ ■ —ic—^ Don’t be surprised to see Claude Moore on the varsity track team again this coming Spring . . . the last year’s Boilermaker cinder captain was inactive the entire spring season last year because of a pro; longed illness, and it is possible for him to compete for one remaining semester . . . the decision'is now in the hands of the Big Ten coaches . . . the suggestion for Moore’s return came from Indiana’s cinder coach, Hayes ... —fc-^ The Boilermaker squash team seems to be having plenty of action ... here’s a tip for sonie of you guys who want a little exercise after school hours . .. there is a squash court near the alley west of University street and south of Fifth street . . . for more definite information, see Chief Clevett . . . —fc— - Four more games for Purdue’s hardwood quintet before the start of the conference schedule ... expect a tough ’n at Chicago on Saturday night when the Boilermakers play the part of guests to DePaul..
—AdvertiBement— Five shares are still available for the Purdue Flying Club’s yellow dual control airplane. Get the cash from Santa or your parents and you can own one-twentieth of this beautiful ship. The plane will be financed oh shares: twenty in number. Anyone interested should call Floyd Smith at the University airport for price and details. , —Advertisement—
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. BISK DR. HAROLD J. BISK DB. ROBERT G. BISK DR. LUTHBB A. MWK 400 SchultE, Bldg. Phone 5701
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Scobee's REMBIUNDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St., W. Lafayette
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LVLE F. FISHER Watchnudker This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office.
DR. Dentirt IlOVi Vine West Lafoyetto Phone 4005 ns thlBUng fdlow calls
A YELLOW V-8 FORDTAXI CAB Black Can far Special Occaaiona 28e par paaaeager any part af tba aitr 502S PHONES MTl YELLOW CAB CO.
Few Net Ride Changes Made Cenleisjiiiiips^ Snbsti-tiitions,Time-Outs Are Altered Few rule changes have been made for the 1936-1937 basketball season. The most important of the changes affect the center-jump, substitutions, and the number of allowed time-outs. . As the rule is now, substitutes can speak to their teamihates immediately upon entering the game. This allows more coaching during the game. The old rule penalized the offenders with a technical fouh Center Position Limited Another important change in the rules provides for a circle six feet in radius around the center of the court which is to be used as R restraining circle when the ball is tossed at center. This rule was formulated to reduce the fouling and contact on the toss-up. This should also serve to lessen the advantage of height on the tip-off. This year the teams are allowed four time-outs instead of three, but the officials are advised to watch closely for stalling after the teams have their number of time-outs; A technical foul is to be charged to offenders for any time-out after the four allowed;" Other Changes Other changes involve the freethrow line and notification of captains before the beginning of the second half. In marking new courts or in remarking old ones, the freethrow line should be l7-feet from the end line. Old courts heed not be changed expressly for this rule. The last important change provides for notification of the team captains, three minutes before the start of the second half. A technical foul shall be called for each minute of delay after the game is called.
Boilermakers Swamp Bulldogs (Continued from page 1)
Lineup and summary: Purdue (44) B.
F.
P.
Sines, f
.. 5
2
2
Zink, f
... 2
Q
0
Holloway, f
.. 0
0
0
Young, f
-4
2
0
Hutt, f ....;
.. 0
1
2
Seward, c
.. 1
0
1
Anderson, c
.. 2
2
1
Malaska, g —
. 0
6
1
Downey, g ...
. 1
0
0
Dickinson, g
.. 1
1
2
Dean, g
.:2
0
0
Swan, g —
.. 0
0
0
Mangas, g
.. 0
0
0
Mihal, g
. 0
0
1
Barsha, g
-. 0
0
1
Vergane, g ^
... 0
0
1
Totals
18
8
12
Butler (14)
B.
F.
P.
Gerkensmeyer, f ......
.. 1
4
1
Overman, f
. 1
0
1
Gage, f
- 0
0
0
Perry, f .....................
.. 0
3
2
Comstock, f
.. 0
0
0
Merrill, c
.. 0
0
2
Jaggers, c
.. 0
0
0
Poland, c ;
- 0
0
1
Hiatt, c
- 0
0
0
Waggoner, c
.. 0
0
1
Fawcett, g
. 0
0
3
Petroff, g
.. 0
2
2
Conner, g ....:
.. 0
1
0
Geyer, g
• 0
0
1
Totals
, 2
10
14
Triton Swimming Chib Tdiiigltt In Members of the Tiiton Swiittining Club, a W. A. A. activity, will bold tbeir first soda] fUnctiott of tbe year in the form of a swimining party today from 7:30 to fi;30 p. m. at the pool in the Meihorial Gymnasium. The program will consist of swimming games and contests. Refreshments will be served at the conclusion of the sports program. All co-eds as Well as swimming club members may participate.
•f + —f -t- > > > -f 4” 4-
BASKETBALL
4 > 4- 4* 4- > 4- ♦ 4-
4-
-^ODAY— Court 1—Official, Abell. 7:00—Ward 2 vs. Ward 9, 7:15—-Ward 6 vs. Ward 11. - 8:25-—Ward 4 vs. Ward 12. 8:40—Ward 7-x vs. Ward 17-x. Court 2—Official, Chapman. 7:00—Ward 16 vs. Ward 17. 7:15—Ward 15 Vs. Ward 13. . 8:25—Ward 7 vs. Ward 12-x; 8 :40—Pi Kappa Phi vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. Court 3—Official, Biobart. 7:00—Triangle vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. 7:15—Ward 14 vs.xWard 8. 8:25—Ward 10 vs. Ward 17-a. 8:40—-Sigma Chi vs. Delta Chi.
Beg Your Pardon J. M. Rudolph, sophomore in the school of chemical engineering, was given the frCshman scholarship award for having the highest average of any freshman in the engineering schools last year, rather than J. M. Randolph, as erroneously reported in yesterday’s Exponent.
mm.
Fnrwrii, TrdNrdtt Tie: tr ^ -■
...
Stan Fdrwell, a freabman, won the ,100 yard free style swim in 58.8 seconds during the intm-frat-
emity meet held Tuesday after* y
noon. He was not ^ven credit for
this win because of the co«fi»ffiii '"Z of his name with that of his broth- ' er. Art Paiwell, who is a Varsity ,
mam He was conseqnentfy ruled
ineligible.
However, the error has since boon corrected, and Stan was not only given credit for the 100 yard A-ee style, but for tying TVeadwell and Gardner as individual highest scorers. Incidentally, Art was the higffi ; scorer of last year’s meet.
Indiana Averages Point A Minnie in First Three BasketbM Tilts In its first three games against Cincinnati, Miami, and Kansas State, Indiana has averaged well over a point a minute for a total of 149 points, while the opposition has scored only 59 points. To open the season, Indiana downed Cincinnati, 46-13, trimmed Miami 43-13 and took the measure of Kansas State 60-33.
Alpha Chi Rho Alpha Chi Rho fraternity announces the initiation of the following men: P. F. Worcester, West Allis ,Wisconsin; J. F. McKee, Greenfield; R.W. Heider, Crown Point; and Prof. W. F. Graham, West Lafayette.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
T don't understand it—all I keep
is chocolate sodas.
• • • •
SHOE ICE-SKATES
$4.00t6$7.95
JOHN SPERBjHd
822 Main St.'■» I
/
THE PtrRDlTB EXPONENT
WE INVITE YOU TO SEE
THE
1937 Pontiac
on
display
at our nevY showrooms THE CAR THAT IS "FIRST IN OWNER SATISFACTION" PONTIAC SALES & SERVICE Phone 3765 Brown & 4th St.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
For Rent—^Very desirable room, light, plenty of heat. Available immediately. Phone 66642.
Give a Kodak For 'Christmas— Complete line of kodaks and all accessories. Headquarters for “Argus” Candid Camera and Enlargers. Paper, Chemicals for the amateur. All sizes of film in stock. Hines’, 634 Main street.
For Rent—^Half of double room with board. Comfortable and well lighted. 219 S. Grant street.
For Rent — Comfortable double room. Board if desired. 20 meals for $5.50. 21 North Salisbury. Call 35413.
Wanted—^Two passengers to Miami, Florida on Saturday or Sunday. Call 7801 or A. A. Siebenthal.
NOTICES No noticM accept«d after t ikin.
University Orchestra—Kehearsal has been changed from December 15 to December 17 at 7 p. m. —PHILLIPS.
English 1—Punctuation make-up December 17 at 4 p. m. and at 5 p. m. for students who cannot come at 4. Consult your instructor for room assignment. —WYKOFF.
W. A. A. Swimming—^AU co-eds are invited to attend the swimming party of Triton Swimming Club December 17. Please sign up in the Women’s Gymnasium. —TUBBS.
Radio Club Members—^The members who want QST, the Handbook, or the License Manual at the special club rate are requested to get their money to me as soon as possible —FORD.
Kappa Delta Pi—^Meeting in room F in the Union Building, December 17, at 7 p m —CHANCELLOR
Reamer Members—Andres, Abbott, Dixon, Doud, Edson, Fields, Goory, Kreiser, McEachron, McKee, Manion, Milner, Moore, Pickard, Wait, Woodruff, Ashworth, and Whipple. Tickets and money must be turned into me by December 19 noon. -PERKINS.
HEYFOLKS
CHECK THE LIST BELOW FOR HINTS ON CHRISTMAS SHOPPING AND SEE WEB’S
FOR HIM:
Dress Shirts Pajamas House Robes Dress Socks Silk Cravats
. ,$1.25 up $1.65 up ..$5.45 up .. . 35c-50c $1.00-$1.45
FOR HER: Silk Lingerie . $1.00 up Toilet Sets $1.00 up Silk Scarfs $1.00 up Silk Hosiery 79c up Dress Gloves ....$1.98 up Flannel Robes $5.95 up Negligees $5.95 up Dresser Sets $1.00 up Wool Sweaters $1.00 up Scarf Sets $1 *00 up In spite of the unusually heavy buying this season we still have a fine selection of gifts. You can find just the thing to satisfy your want when you shop at
LOEB & HENE
CerM—No meeting this Week. —WARRBttt
Women^s Pan-Hellenie Cooneil—^Meeting Ilecember 17 at 7 p. m. in room 0. —SCHAAF.
Pnrdne Engineer Snbscrlben—All those who have not yet paid for their subscriptions, come to the office in the Union any day after 4 p. m. and pay at once. —JONES.
Pnrdne Christian Foundation — Annual Christmas Banquet and party is to be held December 18 at 6:80. Those desiring to attend can obtain ticket reservations by calling 76912 or 4821. —BROWN.
Bowling Alley—The Union Bowling Alleys will close at 9:80 December 17. —STUCKEY.
Oii Eipsilon—The National Conclave schedule is as follows: December 18, 7:80 p. m.—SmokSr in the faculty lounge. Memorial Union Building. December 19, 9:80 a. m.—eBusiness session in faculty lounge; 11:80 a. m.—^Inspection tour of Testing Laboratory; 12:80 noon—^Luncheon in the Union Cafeteria; 2:00 p. m.—Business session in the faculty lounge; 6:00 p. m.— Banquet in the reception room; 8:80 p. m. —^Bowling on the Union Alleys. —KEENAN.
W. A. A. Swinuning—All co-eds are invited to attend the swimming iiarty at the Triton Swimming Club December 17. All those planning to attend must sign in the Women’s Gymnasium by 8 p. m. December 16. —TUBBS.
Y. W. C. A. Public Affairs Group—^Very short organization meeting December 17 in the Y. W. C. A. office. —McKEE.
W. A- A. Volleyoall—December 17, Chi Omega vs. Alpha Xi Delta, 4 p. m. in large gym. Kappa Alpha Theta vs. Gables at 4:30 in large gym. Pi Beta Phi vs. Ward 1 at 4 p. m. in small gym. —THA'TCHER.
Alpha Phi Omegai—Initiation in the Mechanical Engineering Building at 5 p. m. December 17. Enter main door. Banquet at 6 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. —KUECK.
Union Workers—^My committee meet in Union office at 4 p. m. —RIETH. Our committees meet in Union workroom at 4 p. m. SHEETS, CLAYPOLE. STALLINGS. PUTZE, PITTS, WIEGANDT.
Chemistry Students—Examinations for the removal of C grades in Chemistry 1 and 2 will be given in room 101, Education Building, January 9, 1 to 4 p. m. Those concerned make application in room 210 of Chemistry Building, before January 8. HASS, TEST, ALLEN.
Sighia Delta Psi—^Tryouts will be held in the north end of the gymnasium at 4. —McCORMICK.
Camera Club—^Meeting in room B of the Memorial Union Building at 7. Exhibitors get your prints. —CLAYPOLE.
Purdue Flying Club—Meeting in the Union Building at 7 p. m , December 17. —SMITH.
W. A. A.—All girls coming out for fencing report in gym by 4:45 —BEKO.
Pi Tau Sigma—^Plaques will be available December 18 at the Sigma Nu House —WAHL
Fencers—Important meeting on the fourth floor of the Recitation Building, December 17 at 4 p. m -FINNEY.
W. A. A. Ping Pong—The following games will be played on December 17; at 4 p. m.—Marietta Johnson vs. Walters; at 4 20—Wetzel vs. Hosack, at 4:40—Clyner vs D Johnson These games are to be played on December 18; at 4 p. m — Sefton vs. L. Bain , at 4:20—Metrspaugh vs E. Johnson; at 4.40—T. Crepps vs. Randall —MAIER.
W. A. A. Shuffleboard*—The following games will be played December 18, Game 1 court 3 at 4 p m., Merritt and McIntosh vs M Schilling and Beggs; game 2 at 4 *20, winner of game 1 vs. Truax and Townsend, game 3 at 4:40, winner of game 2 vs. Delaplane and MacDougall; on court 4 at 4 p m ; game 4, Blank and Newman vs Scrub and Lugaud; game 6 at 4.20 p. m , winner of game 4 vs. Campbell and Vandiver; on court 6 at 4 p. m. game 7, Jo Cook and Crankshaw vs. Beilke and Maxwell, game 8 at 4:20 p. m., winner of game 7 vs. Yerkes and Ward; game 9 at 4:40, winner of game 6 vs. winner of game 8, game 10 at 6 p. m., winner of game 3 vs winner of game 9 —MAIER.
Sodas Malted Milk . Sandwiches Huffman Drug Co. 305 State, W. L.
j^UDDEN ^RVICE
P' ■ S
RINTING, OKIm SMonwy . S' Vuddins InviWIORt
PHONE "■ Ww BooktjEle..., 2 6 2 8 CASSEL*S dOSIfERRiP
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN &LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
XMAS SPECIAL Socks of every type—^from formal to collegiate. A gift appreciated by any man. 3 pair for $1.00 SOUTHWORTH’S
Thursday, Deceittber l'ir,JL986
ii
Put on a "freshly
Crown Cleaned Suit and See how good you feel
Every Crown Cleaned Suit is Monite Mothproofed
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
Concert Choir Entertains The University Concert Choir, under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, entertained the Rotary Club at its weekly luncheon at Lincoln Lodge, yesterday. The program consisted of sacred and semi-class-ical numbers, and ballads. Rosemary Robinson served as accompanist. Wolfgang Hupe, of Dresden, Germany, an exchange student at the University, gave a short talk.
B-B
getting dates who will correspond to his towering height, did right well by himself with one MARGARET OSTERLING—romance in the air . . . Never marry a woman, let her marry you . . . AFTER VACATION A JNJfiW AND DlFl’KRENT MARS CONTEST
XMAS SPECIAL Neckties have long been the standard gift for men An unlimited number to choose from at $1.00 SOUTHWORTH’S
THE CHILD'S HEALTH TODAY IS THE NATION'S HEALTH TOMORROW
CHRISTMAS SEALS The Notional, Stole and Local Tuberculosis Association^ of the United States
By Suzette
It's going to be a luxurious sort of Christmas—if the fascinating array of gifts with which the shops are brimming over is any criterion. Practical presents, of course have much to recommend them—but if they also have a bit of the frivolous or extravagant about them they'll win ah even more enthusiastic welcome.
Don't let the bogey of expense scare you from giving Jewelry this Christmas. At DECKER'S 1 examined a fascinating selection of costume jewelry—as smart as anything you'll see in Pans at prices that are delightfully reasonable. Many pieces are set with precious and semiprecious stones—and the designs are the very essense of originality and smart economy.
Whether it's a cocktail or evening handbag — something rather sumptuous in lame velvet or rhinestones — or a stunning street purse, you can be sure it will make a greatly appreciated gift And at DECKER'S you'll find grand ones—thg^ sort any girl will consider a perfect Christmas gift.
You can be sure she expects them— handkerdhiefs a-plenty in both frivolously lacy and tailored styles. And she'll be pleased beyond words if you've been wise enough to choose them at DECKER'S. I've never seen such darling handkies as those they're featuring now for the discriminating Christmas shopper.
Perfume is as ever, the perfect choice for even the most finicky lady on your list. A pleasure to, look at in its bizarre and elegant bottles ... a lasting pleasure to use with its heady or subtle fragrance DECKER'S perfume counter is the best place to shop.
jackets! Jackets! Jackets! More and more are they becoming indispensable to winter wardrobes PartidUlarlywhen they are fashioned of suede as delectably soft as a kitten's paf. Worn with a'smart well-tailored skirt, there is nothing snappier. On display at DECKER'S.
DECKER’S Gifts of Distinctiofi