Pep Session This Ehrening—Everybody Ont! the Purdue Exponent
Z-18S
Volume 51. No. 28
Don’t Forget The Pep Session!
Thumdoy. October 12. 1939
Late News Bulletins • England Puts 158,000 Troops In The Field London, Oct. 11.—Backing the firm stand of the Allies against Hitler’s bid for peace on the basis of a partitioned Poland, 168,000 British troops and a vast amount of war material, including 16-ton tanks, are now in France. The troops are under a unified command headed by General jiaurice Gamelin, it Was announced by the English government. Meanwhile the ministry of supply made known that it had completed an agreement with the soviet trade delegation to exchange rubber and tin for Eussian timber. • Gehrig Goes To Work For New York City New York, Oct. 11.—Retired “Iron Horse” of the series-winning New York Yankees, Lou Gehrig was appointed for a 10-year term to the Municipal Parole Comifltssion of New York City by Mayor LaGuardia today. “I'm proud of the job,” Gehrig stated; His salary will be $6,700 a year, one-seventh of his salary as a ball player. • Roosevelt Asks A. F. Of L., CIO To Make Peace San Francisco, Oct. 11.—^Via telegram to the CIO national convention here. President Roosevelt issued a plea for labor peace between the Congress of Industrial Organizations and the American Federation of Labor. The telegram was similar in content to another sent to the AFL now meeting in Cincinnati. , ‘"^he continued conflict and separation in the labor movement can hardly be overlooked these days when discord in any group is harmful to world peace,” the telegram read. • Finland Makes Ready For Russian Aggression Helsingfors, Finland, Oct. 11.—Simultaneously with the arrival of the Finnish envoy at Moscow to hear Soviet “friendship demands,” Finland’s little navy assembled off the southwest coast today while troops mounted machine guns in the streets and on public buildings, and civilians began the evacuation of the larger cities. According to Waclaw Grzybowski, former Polish ambassador to Russia, a division of Soviet troops with heavy artillery and tanks is forming on the border near Beloostrov. • Nazi Officials Lose Hope For Peace Berlin, Oct. 11.—Germany lost all hope today that the Allies would negotiate for peace on Hitler’s terms, although the German man on the street, still under the influence of Nazi propaganda, believes that the United Kingdom and France will admit that there is nothing left to fight about.
HE Students Meet Greene To Play
Hew Instructors Twelve new members of the Home Economics staff were introduced by Dean Matthews at a buffet supper held in Home Economics building recently. The new instructors are Dr. Marion Mattson, who will direct the nursery school; Dr. V. Batie White, foods and nutrition staff; Miss Elizabeth Roseberry and Miss Helen Bolton, clothing and textiles staff; and Miss Orpha Huffman, instructor in institution management. Still others are Miss Louise C. Baird, department of applied design; Miss Isabel Diehl, home nursing instructor; Miss Ruth Williams, nursery school; and Miss Rosemary Lodde and Miss Charlotte Ludwig, foods and nutrition department. Miss Pearl Jackson, B.S. Purdue ’39, IS on the staff of the agricultural station, and Miss Benedicta Goncalves is a graduate student here.
For Gold Diggers Tomorrow Night Jim Greene’s University of Illinois band, featuring Artie Shaw’s style arrangements, will play in the Union ballroom tomorrow night from 9 to 12, when campus eds are feted by co-eds at the annual Gold Diggers’ ball sponsored by WSGA. A superstition theme in decorations will carry out the Friday the 13th tradition. Arrangements for the dance are to be made by Treva Berry. Tickets are on sale in the residence halls, sororities, and the main Union desk, according to Agnes McCulloch, ticket chairman. Price of the tickets for the first co-ed bid dance of the year is one dollar. Semi-formal attire is correct for co-eds, while eds will wear informal attire. During the evening an election of the campus’ eligible bachelors will be conducted for the benefit of the “gold diggers.”
Ed Holderman Finishes Ahead Of Field In Cross Country Time Trials For Pitt Meet
Ed Holderman dashed across the finish line far ahead of the field in the varsity cross country time trials held last night to determine the members of the squad who will travel to the Pittsburgh meet. Holderman displayed a clean pair of heels to the rest of the field as he completed the circuit of the newly laid out course with a time of 20:3.2. Reeves Second Chuck Reeves followed Holderman in, and was trailed by Schurman, Jarvis, Mac White, A1 Gaulke, Young, and Jim White in that order. Two freshmen finished among the first six, which gives promise of some brilliant talent for next season. ' Coach Phillips was well pleased with the number of cross country men who have remained on the squad this fall, 25 in all. It is the largest group ever to represent the
Boilermakers in this event. The first six men to finish in the time trials will go to the Pitt meet. Freshman Co-eds To Eled Delegates For WSGA Board Two freshmen representatives to fill positions on the WSGA executive board will be elected on Thursday, October 26, in the women’s lounge in the Union at 4 o’clock. The first in a series of Charm School meetings wil precede the election. Freshmen co-eds who are seeking a position on the executive board must present a petition prepared by themselves and signed by 26 co-eds previous to the meeting. The wording of the petition will be announced at a future date in the Exponent.
Prof. Craig Killed By Motoroycle
'On The Ball, Students; Let's Yell Tonight; See You In Front Of Union AtS'—Dunshee Elaborate Plans Include Procession To Station Behind Band—Brock, Hennis, Potter Will Speak
By Bill Heaton
“Instead of bearding the lion in his den, we’ll trim the Gophers in their hole,” promised Bill Dunshee in an interview with your reporter last night. “Let’s get out and spend an hour instilling some real spirit into the team,” he continued. I II I III I Your staff has just been pepped
up by the above interview and you will be, too, if you are out in front of the Union tonight at 5. Bill is going to be there to lead all the yells and introduce the speakers.
Elaborate Plans
Elaborate plans have been made by Gimlet and Reamer clubs, cosponsors, and this pep session will be among the largest ones of the year. Enthusiasm is at an even higher level since last Saturday’s games in which Minnesota’s defeat was a^majo%upset. A spirited atmosphere will be created by the presence of the band which will arrive at the starting line in plenty of time._The band is requesting that students stay out of the band ranks in order to avoid
confusion.
Decorate Cars
Gold Peppers To Sell Balloons, Flowers At Dads' Football Game At a discussion meeting of Gold Peppers Tuesday, plans for the Dad’s Day football game October 21 were completed. Members agreed that as an athletic booster organization, the following plans should
be inaugurated:
On Thursday, October 19, and Friday, October 20, Gold Pepper members will sell green hair ribbons at a nickel each to freshman co-eds. A booth outside the sweet shop will be maintained during
these two days.
Balloons Welcome Dads At the game on Saturday, October 21, Gold Pepper members will sell gold chrysanthemums and gold balloons with “Welcome Dad” stenciled on them to game-goers. The chrysanthemums and balloons are priced at 10 cents each. As a special accommodation to sororities and fraternities. Gold Peppers will sell chrysanthemums and balloons in block orders before the scheduled day of the game. Orders must be placed with Libby Barmes, chairman of the committee in charge of selling. Riding Club . . . will entertain at a reception at 7:30 o’clock this evening in the faculty lounge. Movies of last spring’s Gymkhana, which was sponsored by the Riding Club, will be shown, and refreshments will be served. Everyone interested in riding is invited to attend.
Gas buggies will fall in behind the band, and the procession will start for the Big Four station. Automobiles and flivvers will be decorated as their owners see fit. It is rumored that one model A driver plans to adorn his car (?) with lavishing co-eds. This is just one of the added attractions. Late Meals The entire group Vill arrive at the station in time to hear Lou Brock, Ted Hennis, and Dick Potter speak before the train departs at 5:45. As stated in yesterday’s Exponent, all fraternities, sororities, and residence halls have arranged to serve late suppers; so don’t worry about missing your evening meal. Welcome Home Plans are under way at present to meet the train Sunday bringing the players back. Win or lose, let’s get out there and give them a rousing welcome. More details will be announced later.
Traffic Survey Gives Accurate Picture Of Conditions On University Driveways
Campus traffic problems were carefully studied during the past academic year by R. I. Mayo, a graduate student m civil engineering, under the direction of Prof. Ben
H. Petty.
Traffic counts which‘ were made at various times throughout the fall and spring, covering each day of the week except Saturday and Sunday, showed that the campus entrance which received the heaviest bombardment of traffic was the main entrance off State street. The morning count on this thoroughfare showed that 148 vehicles passed before noon. The noon and evening periods showed that 234 and 242 vehicles passed respectively. These counts were made over a two-hour period in the morning, noon, and
evening.
Grant Street Entrance Grant street entrance north of the Civil Engineering building showed the second heaviest traffic count during the day with 130 vehicles passing in morning, 217 during the noon hours, and 156 during the evening period. However, far in excess of the Grant and State street entrances for the number of cars to pass would be the two widely separated one-way drives entering from Northwestern avenue, just north of the Electi’ical Engineering building.
if they were to be considered as
one drive.
Surveys of adjacent streets show-
ed that Grant street had the heaviest traffic with University second. A study was also made of the traffic sign observance on the campus drives. This study showed that a minimum of 16 per cent to a maximum of 42 per cent obeyed the stop
signs on the various drives.
Stop Signs
Observance of stop signs on streets adjacent to the campus varied from a minimum of 21 per cent at the intersection of University street and Stadium to a maximum of 58 per cent at the intersection of Grant and State streets. Further studies concerning the utilization of parking areas on the main campus showed that from 60 per cent to SI per cent of the designated area was used. From 124)er cent to 93 per cent of the total pai’king areas and streets adjacent to the campus were used. The information compiled from this study of traffic conditions is being used by University authorities and the State Highway Commission in an attempt to solve some of the traffic problems on the campus and has led to the blocking off of through traffic on the campus during classes on weekdays.
Dies In St. Elizabeth Hospital As Result Of Fractured Skull Prof. Robert A. Craig, age 67, head of the University veterinary science department, died at 4:50 p. m. yesterday in St. Elizabeth hospital of injuries sustained when he was accidentally struck by a motorcycle at 3 p. m. as he was crossing State street at Sheetz. Dr. Craig was a recognized world authority on hog cholera serum. I Frederick Eade, age 26, Evanston, HI., whose present residence is at the University airport, was riding the motorcycle when the accident occurred. West Lafayette police investigated. Police stated that Dr. Craig was crossing north on State street and Eade was coming east on State.
\
Sounded Horn Eade told police that he saw Dr. Craig and honked but evidently was not heard, Eade said that he swerved to avoid hitting him, but the rear end of the motorcycle struck Dr. Craig. Dr. Craig was lying on the pavement unconscious when he stopped, Eade stated. He was taken to the Student Health Service and from there to St. Elizabeth’s hospital. Skull Fracture Dr. R. G. Ikins, who attended Dr. Craig, stated that he sustained a skull fracture and a compound fracture of the right leg. He never regained consciousness. West Lafayette police' stated that no charges had been filed against Eade. Funeral arrangements have not yet been completed. Dr. Craig was on his way to the Union building when the accident occurred. He has lived in the Union building since the spring of 1938 when his wife died. He is survived by a son, Robert Craig, of Indianapolis, a graduate of the University agriculture school. Another son, William Craig, also an agriculture graduate, is not living. Came Here In 1898 Professor Craig came to the University in 1898 after graduating from Iowa State University at Ames, la., in 1896. He was made head of the department of veterinary science in 1904. He was a pioneer in the development of hog cholera serum, and 15 years ago made a trip to Argentina to teach its use and to direct installation of plants for its manufacture. Co-ed House Presidents To Hear Jerry Hinshaw At a meeting tonight at 7:15 in room A of the Memorial Union building, the Co-ed House Presidents’ Council will attend a discussion of the benefits of the Purdue Independent Association led by Jerry Hinshaw, president of PIA. Included as the main point of the discussion will be the promotion of a new social program. All residences housing six or more co-eds should be represented, and all other unorganized girls are urged to attend, since election of officers will also be held during the meeting. FirsI Military Instrudor Dies In San Diego Hospital Colonel Abner Pickering, first military instructor at the University, died in the naval hospital at San Diego, Calif., last Friday night. Pickering was 80 years old. Funeral services were held on Monday, October 9, at Arlington National Cemetery in Washington, D. C. Colonel Pickering was born in New Holland, Ind., and was graduated from West Point in 1878. Last year he attended the 60th reunion of his class.
Dr. R. A. Craig, who was injured fatally yesterday afternoon when he was struck by a motorcycle. Meredith Club Hears Dean Matthews And Margaret Beeman “I am hoping for great things for the Virginia C. Meredith Club this years,” stated Dean Mary L. Matthews of the Home Economics school at the first meeting of the club yesterday afternoon at 4 o’clock in the Home Economics auditorium, Jeanne Horwitz, president of Oraicron Nu, Home Economics honorary, was introduced and spoke on “The Activities of Omicron Nu.” The officers of Virginia C. Meredith Club were introduced by Mary Glenn Yeager, president of the club, as were Dean Matthews, Miss Philent Palmer and Miss Margaret E. Culver, faculty advisors^. Fellowship Fund Miss Margaret Beeman spoke to the group gbout the Foreign Fellowship Fund of the American Home Economics Society, of which group the Virginia C. Meredith Club is a member. She introduced Benedicta Goncalves, the first foreign student to take advantage of
this fund.
Miss Beeman announced that there was to be a State Home Economics Club meeting at Indianapolis, October 26, and invited all of the girls to come. Jeanne Horwitz, Treva Berry, and Miss Ruth Houghton, of Purdue, will be among the speakers at this meeting. Student Foundation Begins New Building Ground was broken last Tuesday morning for the first unit of a church and student center for the Westminster Foundation on North street, west of the Kappa Sigma
fraternity.
The building will be of brick and stone, 44 by 83 feet, and will have two stories and a basement. Its facilities will include a chapel, classrooms, and dining rooms, as well as offices for the foundation. Last year a Presbyterian Church was organized among University students, and the new building will house the service of this congregation as well ^ the activities of the Westminster ifoundation.THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday^ October 12, 1939
But
Incidentally—
By Vladimir
Will the person who attempted to mail us a puddle on a blue blotter please call for hii^, blotter at-the Union desk? The facsimile of the ten dollar bill passed easily, with no governmental trouble at all, but you just can’t keep an elusive puddle around. We believe the puddle was on the blotter when you sent it all right, but it was gone when we received the letter. .
Try freezing it next time. * * *
A certain prominent member of the advance section of the Purdue band was showing around a picture of his latest girl friend the other day. She was shown seated not comfortably but prettily on a railing, with her shapely silk-sheathed limbs in a conspicuous position. On a level with her ankles, a sign on the railing, slightly titlted out of the plane of this picture warned, “Watch Your Step.”
No comment.
I’D-GIVE-MY-RIGHT-ARM-TO-HAVE-SAID-THAT DEPARTMENT (Faculty Division) Before his class in Speech 66, WBAA Program Director G. D. Williams is reported to have said, “You had better listen carefully all the time because you are responsible for anything I might say . . . I’m not.”
If you should happen to sit in that certain chair just outside the WBAA studios, don’t let a queer clanking noise convince you that you just dropped your watch. No indeed. That noise you just heard was tjie chair.
Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. >
R. E. Insley W. E. Smith
Editorial Board
Editor-in-Chief Business Manager
D. G. Terrio . G. W. Frederick E. M. Antonini . G. Schilling R. Jenkins
Editorial Director Managing Eiditor Senior Advertising Manager ... Co-ed Editor .... . Sports Editor
Junior Staff
Editorial R. F. De:
JeHoog
R. W. Donahue D. E. Heiple J. H. McKee M. L. Miers J. C. Willsey
D. J.
Business R. Fisher' R. Hall A. Hite M. Hagemeyer T. Petty G. Cox, Sec.
Sports J. P. Dolan S. D. Marquis M. M. Richards Co-ed M. Burtsfield G. CarroU B. Simpson
Henninger, Art Director
Editorial 4005
PHONES Sports 2792
Business 5038
RKPnESKNTHD FOR NATIONAL. ADVBRTISINO BY
National Advertising Smice, Inc.
CoUege PubUsbers Representative
AZO Madison Ave. New York. N. Y. CHICAOO • BOSTON > LOS AHSELES • SAN FRANCISCO
This newspaper is written, edited and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director.
Night Editor—Heiple Issue Editor—Heaton Thursday, October 12, 1939
It has internal complications.
We discovered that peculiar clanking noise one day, and bounced merrily up and down until the jacket
We say it’s debatable.
£jthsiA£diJtA~
By Hank Miller
from abroad; 10:15, Dick Jurgens on WGN; Hal Kemp on WBBM at 10:45; and Artie Shaw at 11 on WBBM.
8 o’clock Saturday evening on WLS. —e-e— 73 and good listening.
Then the other day Betty Erick was introducing a program. Said Betty, “WBAA presents the Voice of Industry, transcribed. This program presents the story of WAYWOADS.”
You might just say “choo-choo,” Betty.
Incidentally, imagine our surprise when on this transcribed program which is sent out from New York City, the commentator suddenly started talking about Purdue University. It seems he was talking about Purdue’s research in brake couplings or something like that.
The old story about the rural listeners liking nothing but this hillbilly music is all the bunk and has been proven such by surveys. Consequently the Saturday Night National Barn Dance has undergone a radical change in the style of music that is aired. Saturday night’s show will feature such songs as “Shine On, Harvest Moon,” “Cinderella, Stay in My Arms,” “Lullaby of the Leaves.” “Goodbye Forever,” and a medley of songs from the “Wizard of Oz.” The show will be heard at
AU Co-ed
. . . sophomore Union workers will meet today in room C at 5 p. m. to discuss co-ed activities of the Union. Booklets of instructions on office work and typing will be distributed and discussed by Louise Schickler, co-ed executive.
For tonight we recommend that you listen to Fred Waring on WMAQ at 6 p. m.; 6:30, Vox Pop on WBBM (it’s one of the best question programs on the air); 7 p. m., Joe Penner on WLS; Good News of 1940 on WMAQ at 8 p. m.; Kraft Music Hall on WMAQ at 9 (even though it is slipping); 10 on WBBM Paul Sullivan 'Reviews the News
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY By Studying Under a Nationally Known Teacher CLASS OR PRIVATE ALL TYPES OF DANCING NOTICE —CHILDREN ENROLL SAT., OCT. 14 Classes Divided According to Age Phone 2150
ALLEN’S 6th and Ferry
Save 20c on Your Lunch EAT AT TOM'S ^ First Class Restaurant Our Meats Highest Grade TODAY'S VALUE SPECIAL Baked Stuffed Pork Chops Elbow Macaroni a la Create Fresh Garden Spinach Rolls and Butter FREE — Maxwell House Tea Across From The Armory
ARC
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
— AND —
wisjew
‘ • '
-ALSO-
times. Proof of thia statement is borne out by the fact that our own man of^ the hour, McMaster by name, won out over the Physics student in the battle to get the “Gold Digger” bid from Ann Beard, the belle of New Orleans. —A Kappa Sig Bro.
it’s altogether against the political arrangement of the present:
Having nothing better to do this fine morning, we went to college to get our Dad’s moneys worth . . . and the education we received was not listed in the University catalog ... at least it wasn’t the last time we read it—our freshman year.
B & B We hope that “Three-second Man” Raske has fully recovered from that kiss that Armida planted on his kisser. What did Marjie think?
Ah, yes, ’tis true that man drinks brew. And “wallers” in the gutter. And goes home to his loving wife A-cussing in a stutter. He often lives three score and ten— If he doesn’t mix his gas with gin I
B & B First in our daily learning we found out that Jean Jones (of the Kappa Jones) has dtevised a new method of accomplishing an old task. Jean is working under the theory that a li£tle friendly razzing of Mr. Stewart’s New England accent will go a long way in getting a grade in Geology . . . after one hour of class we longed to visit the Sweet Shop so our nine o’clock had to suffer without us, but our day’s education was not over .. . while in the Shop we heard tell that Lee Bossong is not going to the Gold Diggers’ ball. Why not, Lee?
B-& B Dear B & B Editor: Here is a small gem in response to the “After Dinner Story” by “Prohibition Forever.” Of course I don’t expect you to print it, since
The elephant is a powerful beast That ne’er partakes of drunken feast. Nope! In the gutter he never lies— But would you notice his immense size! I’ll I^et his life is a terrible bore, For he often lives five score or more. —B.V.D.
B & B
finally attracted the attention of a WBAA ofiicial who promptly ejected us. It seems the noise was going over the air, and ten people had called in to ask did WBAA have mice in its microphones. The officials said no.
Not through with our day’s learning, we found out that all women like to do a LITTLE bragging. Now take Marianne Nichols (or shall we let the boys fight for her?), she has accomplished wonders here. She sits in the Sweet Shop with the ATO’s and tells them that she has a SAE pin (concealed, of course) but spends her evenings with some Fi Gams. B & B B & B Editor: I thought you might be interested to find out that a car is a greater asset than a brain in these modern
MfXlCMlH
TODAY-FRIDAY
College Favorite
ALAN’S
The Style Corner Main at Fourth
Just Arrived! SADDLE OXFORDS
Usually $3.95
Sizes 3*72 to 9 AAA to C
They’re the smartest styles to set foot on any campus . . , Brown calf saddle with white buck finished leather vamp and back.
NAid
STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
• The Ruthless King of the Underworld in the Scorching Story of Gangland's Last Stand!
HUMPHREY BOGART KAY FRANCIS In Crimeland's Most Desperate War Against Law! "KING OF THE UNDERWORLD"
— PLUS
IT'S FIRST RUN
Love Charts a Dangerous Course When Trapped By Her Own Daring!
"THE GIRL FROM RIO' with
MOVITA
WARREN HULL
COMING SOON—A Rocket Burst of Fun-Loaded Show! GINGER ROGERS in "FIFTH AVENUE GIRL"
^ m^m m m m m
HENRY ALDRICH, YOU’RE ENOUGH i TO MAKE A MAN-HATER OUT OF i i
L4RneTu Today - Fri./- Sat.
iiniThursday, October 12, 1939
£xfuHmiL Spo^dA, (paqiL
fioUohik. Choju^ By Robert J. Deckard
Nothing short of a milk shortage will prevent Purdue’s pigskinners from licking Minnesota’s Gophers next Saturday in the North Woods. And latest reports from Purdue’s farms reveal that the bovine quadrupeds are assuming their respective duties without a whimper. —^fc— Milk or no milk, Mai Elward’s stalwarts are in for a big time this weekend. Rumors heard from the Boilermaker milk-sessions are that
the yokel lads will twist the Gopher tail completely out of hankance. / .—^fc— . ■ I|oU Brock, bunged-up right half, having recovered from a lengthy ankle injury, is itching to lay a shoe on Minnesota soil and tromp Bierman’s lads into complete submission. Jack Brown, Larrapin’ Lou’s stable mate, after “brokennosing” his way through, the Notre Dame affair, is one piece and rarin’ to go. And the team is in fine fettle. Two weeks’ rest and they are looking as fresh as daisies. —^fc— Up in the Minnesota silo the Gophers are suffering a case of the DT’s. After a torpid afternoon against Nebraska during last week’* end when they ran everywhere except goalward and passed only into sections C, Q, and XX, the G’s aren’t looking so good. ' They didn’t know which end was
up against the Comhaskera.~Their passing attack was neglible, the N linemen having chased Gopher passers all over the field, and G reverses in scoring territory weren’t clicking. And sixteen-dozen other things went wrong with the lads from the nawth. —fc— Coach Bierman has changed everything oh the squad from the water boy to the quarterback. Even with all of these shifts made up yonder, the possibility that the G’s will recover from a poor exhibition is extremely doubtful. —^fc— And the Boilermakers down here are keyed up. Memories of last year’s whitewash hang over them like a wet mop. “There -will-be-no - more - of - thatstuff” talk is running around the Boilermakers’ boudoir like a scared rabbit. And we believe it!
Schedule of Debris Senior Picture Sittings Photographers from Dexhimer-Carlon Studios, Indianapolis, are taking DEBRIS pictures in the DEBRIS Workshop, first door to &e left at the top of the stairs on the second floor of the Union Building, starting at 8:00 a. m., each imorning. Every senior has a sitting scheduled for a defiiute time and will receive a card through the moil telling the exact time of the sitting. DEBRIS editors state that it is very important that each senior report to the DEBRIS Workshop at his appointed time. If it is impossible for him to be there he should notify the DEBRIS office beforehand and make a different appointment. A charge of $1.50 is made for the regular DEBRIS pictures and is payable at the time the picture is token.
Thursday, Oct. 12, 1939
8:45 8:30 3:15 10:45 10:35 4:00 4:55 9:00 8:00 10:00 10:05 1 :00 1 :05 10:10 11 :00 9:05 9:10 8:05 11:05 10:15 8:10 1 1 :10 11:15 8:15 10:20 1 :10 1 :15 9:15 9:20 1:20 8:20 9:25 1 :25 10:25 1 :30 10:30 1 :35 8:55 11:20 8:50 9:30 10:55 11:25 10:50 9:35 1:40 1:45 2:00 2:05 11:30 2:10 9:55 9:50 1:55 11:55 2:15 2:20 2:25 2:30 4:15 4:20 4:25
Christy, P. A. Coffey, R. Edson, Lloyd Joanne Faas, j. A. Finch, Kenneth W. Fink, R. A. Hegg, W. S. I nee, Rosemary Insley, R. E. I rick, P. E. Irwin, C. E. Jackman, C. E. Jackson, C. K. Jackson, J. B. Jacobson, L. A. James, Carroll Dana Janota, R. Jantac, A. R. Jelnick, T. Jenkins, R. Jenkins, W. R. Jessup, W. S. Jewett, H. S. Jewett, Lois Johnson, E. A. Johnson, E. H. Johnson, G. E. Johnson, Jay Johnson, Joyce Johnson, L. A. Johnson, Marietta Johnston, R. J. Johnson, R. K. Jones, C. R. Jones, Jean Jones, H. C. Jones, R. F. Jones, C. E. Jordan, R. K. Jorgeson, Althea Juillard, L. G. Kanally, J. E. Kane, W. P. Kany, R. C. Karezmarez, T. J. Karnowsky, M. Kashnes, H. W. Kaufman, Rachel Keating, L. D. Keen, R. N. Keesling, Gula Kelble, K. C. Keller, A. B. Keller, M. A. Kelly, E. C. Kemmer, P. Kepner, Ellen Keppler, A. T. Kessler, R. N. Kester, G. Kester, H. Kettabu, P. E.
4:30 Keys, W. D. 3:55 Kimmel, K. L. 4:35 King, O. F. 8:25 Kinney, R. D. 3:50 Kirkby, Norman 3:45 Kirkpatrick, Edith 8:40 Klein, Sister Laurina 3:40 Klink, E. C. 4:40 Sebring, P. B. 1 :50 Segrave, H. J. 2:55 Selke, G. H. 4:45 Serowick, B. 2:50 Shiley, S. W. 9:45 Shi I linger, W. D. 4:50 Shoemaker, J. W. 2:45 Simmons, J. 8:35 Simmons, R. M. 11:40 Simon, R. C. 11 :45 Sims, G. W. 2:40 Singer, Annesther 2:35 Singer, Carolyn E. 3:35 Singer, J. 9:40 'Sittig, M. I 1 :50 Skinkle, M. J. 3:30 Skinner, Helen R. 3:25 Skinner, R. E. 4:10 Smiley, Dorothy Jane 3:20 Smith, C. S. 10:40 Smith, G.W. 3:10 Smith, J.P. 3:05 Smith, J. H. 4:05 Smith, K. 3:00 Smith, Muriel 11:35 Weeks, J.C. FRIDAY, OCT. 13 10:00 Adams, F. 4:05 Adams, G. M. 10:05 Agnew, J.T. 10:10 Agonis, H. A. 8:00 Ahrens, J. E. 1 :00 Ainsworth, Elizabeth 10:15 Albertson, Lucille 9:00 Allen, R.B. 10:20 Allison, C.C. 10:25 Alter, H. A. 1 :05 Ancker, C. J. 8:05 Andersen, J. 4:10 Anderson, J. E. 8:10 Anderson, L. H. 8:15 Anderson, O. K. 4:15 Antonini, E. M. 2:05 Applebaum, Beatrice II :00 Applegate, E. H. 4:20 Appleyard, R. E. 1:15 Arbuckle, Ruth 9:05 Archibald, L. W. 11 :05 Armstrong, E. L. 8:25* Aronsen, Morris 8:30 Ashbaugh, Carolyn 4:25 Ashton, J. W. 10:30 Atherton, A. C. 2:00 Anning, C. S. 8:35 Axelrod, N. R. 1 :30 Dagan, Irvin
2:15 Erickson, M. H. 4:40 Essenberg, A. R. 3:40 Fahrner, C. J. 4:45 Farguhar, L. C. 8:55 Finley, R. 2:10 Fisher, J. H. 11:15 Fisher, R. A. 1 :25 Fitting, D. L. 1 1 :20 Fonner, D. E. 2:30 Formanek, E. 4:55 Hendy, F. C. 3:05 Hershey, F. 9:15 Hertenstein, E. C. 9:45 Hess, L. D. 3:35 Hickman, F. 9:40 Hickman, Mary Lee 3:30 Hiddle, L. L. 1 1 :30 Hilt, W. M. 1:10 Marek, C. T. 8:20 Margolis, J. 4:00 Royce, Virginia 9:55 Sebast, Charlotte 2:55 Sexton, Rufina D. 3:00 Shackley, G. G. 10:55 Shepherd, J. E. 3:55 Sherman, Geo. W. 4:30 Sherwood, W. D. 11:10 Shickler, Louise 1 :55 Schilling, Georgana 3:50 Short, R.G. 2:50 Shroder, Martha Amanda 3:45 Sickman, Ann Lobise 4:35 Slinkard, Edith 2:45 Small, J.H. 2:40 Smith, Andrew E. 1 :50 Smith, C. J. 4:50 Smith, D. H. 9:50 Smith, D. P. '9:10 Smith, L.W. 1 :20 Smith, L. W. ■ 2:35 Smith, O. F. 9:35 Smith, R. L. 10:45 Smith, W. E. 1 :45 Smith, W. H. I 1 :25 Smithson, F. 9:20 Snider, H. M. 8:50 Spears, Mary 1 :40 Specker, R. A. II :35 Spreuer, W. E. 11 :40 Stagg, R. E. 8:45 Stamm, T. K. 1 1 :45 Stamm, M. L. 1 :35 Stearns, C. F. 1 1 :50 Steffee, Helen 3:25 Stein,. J. B. 9:30 Steinbach, S. P. 3:20 Stephenson, R. L. 2:25 Stewart, C. 8:40 Stipp, J. W. 3:15 Stiver, E. N. 9:25 Stivers, F. O. 3:10 Stocker, Margaret 1 1 :55 Stone, Pauline 2:20 Studebaker, A. J. 10:35 Szaijo, W. B.
mo
(hoUhlA “CompbdsL CamfUAA, QaaeJuxi^'
Conyention To Hear Another Great Anirnal Specialists Annuql short course for veterinarians will be held at the University October 17 to 20, it was announced by Dr. R. A. Craig, head of the University veterinary science department, who died yesterday afternoon. Many outstanding speakers, specialists in poultry, hogs, weeds, pastures, nutrition, and animal diseases have been scheduled to lead discussions in their • respective .fields of work.
Approximately 200 Indiana veterinarians are expected to attend the various sessions and take part in the large and small animal clinics arranged for the last day and a half of the conference. The annual banquet will be held Thursday evening, October 19, with Dr. E. G. Young, the University’s well-known agricultural economist, as the principal speaker.
This Dutchman
, l-M Cross Country This afternoon at 4:16, the annual intramural cross country will be run off on Intramural Field. All contestants must report to the lobby of the Fieldhouse before the meet to get their numbers of identification.
A pipe for every personality. SOUTH WORTH'S IN THE VILLAGE
. . . Minnesota tackle is Captain Pedersen, a 210-pound senior from Minneapolis. His name already stamped along with the great Viking tackles from the north will be out to lead his drove of Gophers into the Conference leadership at Purdue’s expense this Saturday. Archers To Participate in Ait-Campus Tourney Starting tomorrow* and continuing until October 20, prospective Robin Hoods will have a chance to display their ability in the all-cam-pus archery tournament. Proficiency in the sport is not required and many novices are expected to sign up. ' All equipment is free and can be obtained at the range which is north of Intramural field. Participants can shoot between 4 and 5:30 p. m. and should sign up at the check out window in the Fieldhouse or with Art Gray at the range. A 12-inch trophy will be awarded to the winner and medals to the second and third men.
"^oifaiikmwihe, t^iowdk wivor? Some pipes are "in a hurry”—fast and furious—consume tobacco like a fouralarm fire racing through a hay-mow. Kaywoodie takes it easy, as a good pipe , should. Coaxes out the flavor of your favorite leaf Makes it mellow. Smooth ... Just for fun, we tried to measure this famous but elusive Kaywoodie Flavor in a good tough laboratory exam, and found (1) Kaywoodie’s smoke is acmally cooler than other pipes, cooler than mouth temperature!—never hot or irritating (2) the smoke is what the French call sec—Ary and free from bitter juices. So get to know the Kaywoodie Flavor—now! Shown above. No. 76B. KAYWOODIE COMPANY Rockefeller Center, New York and London
Deac says 1,000 of these pipes for your selection. H. G. "Deac" REISNER BOOK STORE
. . . Harold Van Every by name, has been the answer to a Swede’s prayer during the past three seasons at. Minneapolis. Last season on the injured list for a long period, he is now hitting the paramoimt peak of his career, having played brilliantly against Arizona and Nebraska. Burnham Tutors Rhinies On Wildcat Power Attack Accomplishing their purpose of acquainting the varsity with Minnesota’s tactics by using Gopher plays. Coach Burnham’s rhinies are now learning to scratch like the Wildcats of Northwestern. Although the next game after the Gopher struggle is with Michigan State, Elward is planning to have the frosh Wildcat-minded in order to thoroughly acquaint the varsity with the Northwestern attack. The contest with Northwestern will be staged on November 11, and signing an armistice will be the last thing the Boilermakers will think of doing that day. ^
We Are Sorry That All Rooms In The Union Club Are Now Reserved For DAD’S DAY But For Other Occasions Rooms That PLEASE and FLATTER Out-Of-Town Guests And Provide Fond Memories Of Pleasant Surroundings Dignified Atmosphere And Quality Service ARE available FOR RESERVATION JhSL fiuhduSL Wjum^daL lAnwru The Corner of the Campu9--Yet the Center of ActivitiesTHE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursdayf October 12^ 1939
/-M Schecfu/es
tOUCHBALL PRACTICE Today Field Official 1— Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Delta Tau Delta. J. McGrath 2— Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Kappa Delta Rho. J. Mann 3~Alpha SifTma Phi vs. Phi Delta Theta. E. Sroka 4— Beta Theta Pi vs. Phi Gamma Delta. R. W. Pauley 5— Phi Kapvia SiRma vs. Pi Kappa Phi. J. D. Chapman 6— Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. H. F. Petrich 7— Sigma Pi vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. W. E, Spidell 8— Theta Tau vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. J. B. Close
Reamer Club: Regular meeting Monday, October 16, in room F of the Union. Pledges report at 8:30. All members and pledges bring passports with all football and basketball coupons signed. —REILEY.
Riding Club: There will be a reception Thursday, October 12, at 7:80 in the facnlty lounge of the' Union for all persons interested in the Purdue Riding Club. —MEYER.
Theta Alpha Phi: Important meeting Thursday, October 12, at 7:30 p. m. in Fowler Hall. —HETTEMA.
SAE Members: Election of officers Thursday, October 12, at 7:30 p. m. in room P of the Union. Important for all members to be present. —HEGG.
PIA Dance Class: Thursday, October 12, between 4 and 6 p. m. is the last opportunity to register for the dance classes. The first meeting will be held Thursday, October 12, at 7 p. m. in the PIA office. —LUTZ.
Delta Rho Kappa: Important meeting for actives and pledges Saturday, October, 14, at 1 p. m.. in Union. Inquire for room number at desk. —ESTEY.
Mortar Board: Meeting Thursday, October 12, at 5:30 p. m. in the women’s lounge. —SAURERS.
SOFTBALL Today Diamond 9—Phi Kappa Tau vs. Phi Kappa. 11—Acacia vs. Sigma Nu. 13—Sigma Chi vs. Phi Kappa Psi. Playoff to see which team will be in finals. ■T5—Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 5. Playoff 16— Ward 2-2 vs. Ward 25. In finals 17— Ward 5 vs. Ward 27. Playoff
Archers: Sign for the archery tournament at the check-out window in the,FieIdhouse or at the archery range Between 4 and 6 p. m. (10-14) - —GRAY. Mortar Board: Meeting promptly at 6 :45 p. m. in room A of the 'Union 'Thursday, October 12. -r—SAURER.
WAA Social Dancing: Class will meet Thursday, October 12, at 7:30 p. m. in the Women’s Gym instead of Wednesday as previously scheduled. —COOK.
Green Potter Petitions: Petitions for offices of president, vice president, secretary, and treasurer of Green Potters must be obtained before 4 p. m. Thursday; October 12, at Student Senate offices in Union. —OCHILTREE.
Reamers: Actives and pledges are to meet in front of Union at 5 p. m. Thursday, October 12. —SMITH.
Classified Ads ROOMS FOR RENT FOUR ROOM and bath unfurnished apartment. Strictly modern, large roonis, front and rear private entrances. 175 Littleton. Gall 2919.
Sophomore Union 'Workers: Our staflb report to the Union office Thursday, October 12, at 4 p. m. 'Very important. —BENNETT, HOFFER.
Kappa Delta Pi: Meeting in Agriculturist room of Union Thursday, October 12, at 7 :30 p. m. This date is for this week only because of convocation. Hereafter on Tuesday. Attendance is compulsory. —LILLY.
Purdue Engineer: All salesmen should report to the office by Friday afternoon, October 13, to turn in subscription cards, receipts, arid cash not previously reported. Work assignments will be announced to all business staff workers at this time. —OTT.
Phi Lambda Upsilon : Important meeting Thursday, October 12, in Chemistry 106 at 7 P. m.. —HALL.
Glider Club: Meet Thursday, October 12, at 7 :30 p. m. in room C of the Union. Attendance for pledges and members is compulsory. Bring dues. ' —MILLER.
Committee of 100:. There will be a meeting of'all members of the Committee of 100 Thursday, October 12, at 7:30 p. m, in. room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering building. —DOAN. Junior Military: Sections C, D, E, and P will form in the space north of the Armory Thursday, October 12, to participate in Corps Day Review. A motor battalion will be organized. Wear uniform if available. —PICKERJNG WAA' Riflcry: Six practices must be turned in before December 9. The following practice schedule will be in effect: Monday: 6 :30—Ward 1 and Twin Pines. 7 :00—Co-edda and Glenwood House. 7:30—The Gables and Otter-Be-Inn. 8 :00:—Make-up. 8:30—Kappa Kappa Gamma. Tuesday: 6:30---'Ward 2 and Theophilus 13. 7 :00—Collegianna and Kappa Alpha Theta 7 :30—WRH North. . 8 :00—Pedalion and Chi Omega. 8 :30—Pi Beta Phi. Wednesday: 6:30—Riley House, SHE House, Ward 3. 7 :00—Ann Teedale House and Brockway Co op House. 7:30—WRH South. 8 :00—Thaeles. 8 :30—Phi Mu. , Thursday: 6:30—Ward 4. 7:00—Alpha Chi Omega and Alpha Xi Delta. 7:30—WRH West. 8 :00—Make up. (10-16) —HARRISON.
please report to Supply Room at once for exchange. (10-16) —^HOLMES. Co-ed House Presidents Council: Meeting to elect officers Thursday, October 12, at" 7:16 p. m. in room A of the Union! A representative from each house must be present. —MITCHELL- . Cosmopolitan Club: Open meeting for all studehts interested in Cosmopolitan Club to be held in room C of the Union at 4:80 p. m. on Friday, October 18. A special event will be announced at that time. -SCHICKEL,
Hydraulics (C. E. 41): An examination for the removal of C and I grades will be held in room 203 of the C. E. building fronf 1 to 4 p. m. on Saturday, October 28. —GRBVE.
Modern Dance: Junior Modern Dance meets every Tuesday and Thursday at 4:00. Senior Modern Dance group meets every Wednesday ai. 7:16 and every Friday at 4. (10-12) —KNIGHT. CE 41: An examination for the removal of C and I grades will be held in room 203, CE building, from 1 to 4 p. m. on Saturday, October 28. —GRE'VE;
Senators: All those planning to attend the picnic to be held Sunday, October 16, please sign up in senate office immediately. —ESTEY.
Christian Student Fellowship: Group meetings on Monday evenings for the rest of the semester at 7:30 in Union Building. (10-12) —'BURBRINK. Senior and Junior Military Students: Sign payroll in Armory office immediately. Delay in signiner means delay in ^^ceiving pay. (10-10) ' —ADJUTANT. M. E. Students; Fees for memberships in the Purdue student branch of 'the ASMB may be paid in the Mechanical Engine^ng office on the second floor, of the M. B. builda016) . -BRYAN. Indiana State Teachers’ Association: Memberships in the Indiana State Teachers Association are available in the general office of the Education and Applied Psychology Office. Sed Mrs. Wickersham. The cost of tickets is $2.00 which includes the price of Indiana Teacher. „ —McCOMB.
Basic Military: All basic military students whose uniforms do not fit correctly will
Debris Salesmen: There will be an important business meeting Thursday, October 12, at 4 p. m. in the Debris office. Bring your salesbooks and money. —McLBAN.
FOR RENT—Two-room furnished apartment. All new furniture, hot and cold water, gas and lights, $35.00 per month. 175 Littleton. Cal) 2919.
Activity Bureau Sophomores: Report'to office Thursday, October 12, at 4 p. m—JORGESON.
BOARD AND ROOMS—Experienced cook. ■Very reasonable. Phone 2416.
FOR RENT—Double room, single beds. 122 Pierce Street. Phone 7764. FOR SALE
Activity Bureau Interviewers: Please report to room B of the Union at 4 p. m. Thursday, October 12. 'Very important. —DARR.
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main Street.
American Students, Faculty: Men and women students and faculty interested In ■ other races ancf countries meet with foreign students at Fowler Hall at 2 p. m., Saturday, Octqber 14, to be in group photograph “Purdue Students from Abroad and 'Their Friends.’’ ■—BALDWIN.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTED—Roommate in double room. Single beds. 131 S. Grant St. Mrs. W. I. Atkins.
Cosmopolitan Club: Get acquainted meeting for all students, both foreign and American in room C of the Union at 4 :30 p. m., Friday, October 13. A special event Will be announced at that time. —SCHICKEL.
LEARN TO TYPE—New class to start in ten days. Local student typed 30 words a minute in eleven days. New method. Indorsed by leading universities. Results guaranteed. Streamlined Typing, Box A.
NOTICES No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
Camera Club: Meeting Thursday, October 12, in room A of the Union at 7:30 p. m. Program will be “Print Criticism.” Members are requested to bring prints. —HEDDEN.
Senate: Personnel workers report to room A of the Union Thursday, October 12, at 4 p. m. —DANIEL.
SAE Members: Election of officers Thursday, October 12, at 7:30 p. m. in room F of the Union. All members are urged to be present. —HEGG.
Thomas Say' Entomological Society: Meeting will be held Thursday, October 12, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 103 of Ag Hall. —KNAPP.
YWCA Cabinet: Picnic postponed until Thursday, October 19. Cabinet meeting Thursday, October 12, at 4 p. m. in office. All members please be present. —COOLEY.
Here’s the raineoal with Your style ideas
Full85-mch sweep for smartness!
hoose fitting, with full drape!
Casual type con- Shiny brass buttons vertible collar! —fly front!
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Jewelers
• School Supplies
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist ■"’"-==-'^04 Main St. "
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Professional
• Dine
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR., LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
• Florists
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 11914 Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
NICE, FRESH, FREEMAN
♦ DoitbJe Soles •$pqde Trim
ANYWAY
"Roomy pockets—as Guaranteed wateryou tike them! proof—light-weight! University Coacher Raincoat BY ALLIGATOR $750 At Better Dealers
A “must” for every college man’s wardrobe ... because IT’S SURE TO RAIN! And the University Coacher by Alligator gives top flight style along jvith protection against rain, wind apd dust! See the style leader today in deep sea green, yellow, and black —at the better dealers. The "Coacher'' by Alligator also available in Samihur “Special Finish” . , $14.75 Oaleclolh .,».•••• $18.30 Other Alligator Raincoats, $5.75 to $25 Th* Alligator Co., St. Louis, New York, Los Angeles Alligator and because . : . IT'S SURE TO RAIN I
w^liseqsctned, "old timer” look— ready to Weorl ' Careful hond-staining of a beautifully tanned fine leotber. makes antiqued Freemans old favorites to the eye—-and to your feet, too. WORN WITH PRIDE BY MILLIONS X-RAY FITTING A. B. C Shoe Co,, Inc. 406 MAIN STREET
but you can keep DRY AND LOOK SMART IN THESE Alligator^ Raincoats ‘5” up
ITcVc Shouting!
If we only TALKED about the quality of our laundering you might be justly suspicious. So we SHOUT about it ... . we shout with a GOOD-AS-GOLD confidence winning guarantee.
We'JI date your new shirts, and if they wear out within a year, we'll buy you new ones, provided they hare been laundered here exclusively. You'll find our smart, careful laundering unsurpassed in every economical service. The Same Kind of Quality ... stands behind our MONITE insured moth-proof dry cleaning. Look "right" always . . . by sending your suits
here frequently^
©ROOF! LaUNDR I N E C L E E R S O F F I NEC L O T h 'e S
‘COPR. MAXWELL-DAVIS, INC.
A.)i-