.1'
* ^ >■ I ,1* V r «/»#•<**>' v/v* *' ' , '•%*'S' ■'‘^ .Iff' ^
-,4 Purdue
Summer Session
MiM ^ Exponent
A€i
^1/ '' 4
Tol. 3 No. 10
West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, August 3,1939
'■%
A ff>
I >
Shepard Funeral Held Yesterday Afternoon
WSGA Draiirs
Counseling Plans For Freshmen
Rain Postpones Plays;
E'uneral services were held yesterday afternoon for George Hugh Shepard, age 68, professor of industrial engineering and management at the University, who died unexpectedly Sunday afternoon at the Methodist hospital in Indianapolis when apparently convalescing from a major operation.
Prof. Shepard, who held the rank of Lieutenant Commander in the Naval Reserve, was the author of two standard works in the industrial engineering field, and a frequent contributor to engineering and scientific publications. He was a member of the International Committee on Fatigue, a member of the board of the American Society of Industrial Engineers, the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, and the Navy Club. He was born December 28, 1870, at Trempleau, Wis., and was graduated from the Eau Claire, Wis., high school. Following high school, he obtained an appointment to the U. S. Naval Academy from which he was graduated in 1891. He served with the Navy during the Spanish-American War. Masters From Cornell Forced to retire from Naval service because of an injury suffered in the line of duty, he took advanced studies at Cornell, where he received his Master’s degree in Mechanical engineering in 1902. For the next six ye'ars he taught in Cornell, and then moved to the University of Syracuse whOre he remained for nine years before joining the Harrington-Emerson industrial engineers as a consultant and member of the firm.
Are Flies Biting You? Tune In Monday Noon
What^ to do about summer insects will be explained in a radio address on Monday when Glen Lehker of the entomology department talks on “Flies, Chiggers, and Other Annoying Summer Pests.” This is one in a series of WBAA’s farm radio programs, and may be heard from noon to 12:16 p. m. Following Lehker will be Blanche Zaring, speaking on “The Home Economics State Fair Exhibit.” Tomorrow’s program at the same hour will feature Dr. L. Greene on “Research in Horticulture,” and George Bradley speaking on “Progress in AAA.” These talks are a regularly scheduled WBAA program every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.
Plans for freshmen and transfer counseling have been completed this week by WSGA commit^tees and will swing into full action at the beginning of the fall semester this year. This system of counseling was introduced to help the freshmen and transfer students their first few weeks on the campus. Each counselor is assigned a group of three or four counselees. It is her responsibility to justify the existence of the counseling system by securing effective results in her work with the group of girls assigned to her. Counselors were notified last May of their selection a^nd were required to attend kll training school meetings. Each counselor has been corresponding with her counselees throughout the summer to better assist future co/edls^th any problems they mi^t nhve. Counselors are required t® returns to the campus this fall by Friday, Sept. 8. Each counselor must know when her counselees are expecting to arrive in Lafayette, and must make plans for meeting them as soon after their arrival as possible.
Sdiedulecl For Tonight
Moore Outlines American Way’ At Final Convo
Program Begins In Stadium At 8:15/ Fowler Hall If Weather Is Unfit
}
In 1917, at the outbreak of the World War, he reentered the Naval service with the rank of Lieutenant Commander, serving as efficiency engineer in the Norfolk Navy Yard. He came to Purdue in 1919 and had been a member of the staff continuously since that tim6. Prof. Shepard is survived by his wife, Beatrice McFarland Shepard, of West Lafayette; a son, Andrew G. Shepard, who is a Commander m the U. S. Navy, stationed at the New York Navy Yard; and two sisters, Mrs. Bell Holcombe, San Jose, Cal., and Mrs. Catherine MacMillan, Beikeley, Cal.
FDR Signs WASHINGTON, August 2 — President Roosevelt today signed the Hatch Bill prohibiting all federal job-holders except policy-mak-ing officials from participating in politics in any way except to vote, on threat of removal from office. Violators are also subject to $1000 fine and a year imprisonment, members and employees of Congress constituting the majority of those exempt.
Air Corps Progresses WASHINGTON, August 2 — Thrity years of achievement in American military aircraft were marked today as the air corps went aloft in mass flights throughout the nation. The most notable progress made is that of speed, officials reported. Since the first craft was accepted from the Wright brothers in 1909, the speed has been raised from 42 miles an hour to over 253 miles an hour, the latter with a 5i ton load.
Grad Dreams Up Hairy Pigskin For Grid Tumblers
By Rolfe Jenkins If gridirons are spotted with unshaven^gskins in the next fpw years, credit for the innovation will go to Oscar C. Stein, ME ’02. Stein, who now works for the Fisk Rubber Company in Springfield, Mass., has produced a bewhiskered football of a yellow hue rather than the customary brown, slick oval which is used today. Hairy Football Dreams
Hints For Counselors According to the requirements stated by the counseling committee yesterday, the following hints will aid the counselor: counselors should see that their feounselees have help at registration; counselors should help her counselees find their classrooms; each counselor should get in touch with her counselees once a week for the first month of school; counselors should help their counselees arrange their study schedules; and counselors should be on their toes at all times. The Counseling program for next fall is: Sept. 8, 1 p. m.— Memorial Union Building — Compulsory meetin gof freshmen and tiansfer counselors. After this meeting, counselors will get in touch with their counselees. Sept. 8, 5:30 p. m.—Picnic at WRH for counselors and counselees. Sept. 9—Morning and afternoon orientation. Sept. 9—Evening—Date bureau will be functioning. Counselor will see that their counselees have satisfactory arrangements for the evening. Sept. 10, Morning—Counselors will see that arrangements have been made for their counselees to attend the church of their choice. Sept. 10, Afternoon—Tea for new students and counselors. The counselors are being directed by a WSGA committee composed of: Libby Barmes, freshman oiientation committee head; Peggy Davis, assistant chairman of freshman orientation committee; and Margaret Saurer, chairman of tiansfer counselors.
The four-walled foundation of the American Republic is provided by “Democracy, Christianity, Industry and the Family” declared E. E. Moore, general superintendent of the Gary works of the Car-negie-Illinois Steel (Corporation, in an address on “The Much Discussed American Way” before the final 1939 summer session convocation last Thursday morning in Fowler Hall. “The ‘American Way,’ despite ■criticism harmless or harmful, is not a materialistic way,” said Moore. “It is a way of service to mankind. . In the deeper fibres of its being, it retains the tried and true components of man’s entire experience.” “We cannot allow ourselves to be won to every philosophy that comes along,” said Moore in conclusion. “Theories must be weighed and considered. We should not be so quick to forsake the old for the new because the new gives momentary promise. We should considei^ for long our hard-won privileges before repudiating them.”
The final group of summer session plays, scheduled for last night, will be presented this evening in Ross-Ade stadium if ther^ is po rain during the afternoon, announced P. E. Lull, in charge of the productions, yesterday. The wind and rain of yesterday morning demolished the set, erected in the Stadium, beyond repair for curtain time last night.
Religous Emphasis Group Meets Tonight
Tentative plans for the Religlus Emphasis Week November 1117 will be discussed tonight at a meeting of the executive committee of Purdue’s Committee of 100 at the home of Prof. C. S. Doan. Doan is chairman of both committees. Executive committee members are Prof. G. H. Graves, general secretary; Dean of Women Dorothy C. Stratton; Dean of Men M. L. Fisher; all student pastors; Carolyn Hedderich; and William J. Harris, student chairman. Other members of 'the student committee are not enrolled in the summer session.
S.A. Colliver Becomes Poultry Field Manager
S. A. Colliver, Ag ’12, Bainbridge, has accepted the position of field manager for the baby chick department of the State Poultry Association of Indiana. Colliver will begin work August 15 and will make his headquarters at the Purdue poultry department.
If there is rain during the afternoon the plays will be presented in Fowler Hall, the first curtain going up at 8:15. The plays tb be presented are “Wonder Hat,” “The Tiger’s Claw,” and “He Ain’t Done Right by Nell.” The plot of “Wonder Hat” concerns itself v/ith the romantic meanderings of dainty but determined Columbine played by Alice Martens who dtermines to capture the love of Harlequin, portrayed by , Harold Martin. Seymour Udell will act as the dealer in charms, and Dick Pittenger will play the vain Pierrot. “Wonder Hat” is directe dby Bill
Carr.
Comedy Team Takes Stage The second play, “The Tiger’s Claw,” will give evidence of a surprising comedy team. Grey Erick and Helen Steffee. Erick will play the part of the demoted flatfoot who was dominated by his strong-willed wife, Addle, portrayed by Miss Steffee. The romantic interest of the mystery will be provided by Virginia Fox and Joe Martin. Others in the cast are Allison Lillv as Cora; Katherine Mooney as Hattie Randel, Jack Watson as Joe. and Helen Bone as Mrs. Thorpe. Chuck Hart will direct the play. The “Gay Nineties” Return The final play, “He Ain’t Done Right by Nell,” will be reminiscent of the drama of the “gay nineties.” Little Nell, th^ heroine, portrayed by Ellen Kepner, is ready to “go out into the cruel, cold, world” after having learned--from the Villain, Fred Stearns, that she is a nameless waif and that he lover was a
thief.
Grey Erick, the hero, returns in the nick of time to straighten things out with the aid of Hank Miller as Burkett Carleton, Nell’s long-lost wealthy grandfather. The support-
ing cast will be composed of Sue
Enders as Granny, Polly PrenUce as Lolly, and Virginia Sidwell'as Vera. Joe Martin is student di-
rector.
In his dream he saw two strong teams playing in the rain, and to his discomfort, he had to sit in the stands and watch players commit frequent fumbles. The only unnatural thing about his dream was that the players were suddenly playing with a hairy football. Many times after that game a hairy pigskin loomed in Stein’s thoughts. Finally, determined to learn whether his dream had any practical potentialities, he began to investigate the possibilities of constiucting a football similar to the one he conceived in a dream. At first he received no encouragement. They told him that pigskin couldn’t come out of its curing and tanning process and retain the natural hair of the pig. However, one day he heard of a firm in Rochester, N. Y., which did a different kin^l of tanning. He gave them a pigskin and they returned it to him after it had gone through the proper treatment. Skin Becomes A Foptball Spaulding Bros, company turned it into a football. The color was much lighter than the regulation football tan. Stein saw two {Continued on page 4)
By Lawrence Archibald Six weeks of military camp for Purdue’s ROTC juniors came to an end last Saturday morning when the members of Batteries A and B lined up in civilian clothes, beneath the rainiest of Kentucky skies, to draw their second ancj final pay envelopes. Camp started out to be a rather questionable “glorious” adventure, as a result of descriptions of last year’s camp by those who attended. The first two weeks were interesting in a novel way, being different from civilian life. The middle portion of camp became ^ore or less routine, and the last part seemed long and almost endless. But the transfer of the “pocket lettuce” into our hands shortened the period immediately and the paid-off civilians scattered from camp, leaving only a few enlisted men to put the deserted area in
order.
Firing On Range Training during the last two
weeks consisted of one of the major objectives of Jche camp ■— fire control with the 75 millimeter guns. Each man was allowed to direct the fire of five rounds of shrapnel, and the final problem, a battalion overnight problem, consumed about 60 rounds for each battery. Beginning Wednesday morning of the last week and lasting until nearly noon of the Thursday following, the big’ problem involved all field artillery units in the ROTC camp, Batteries A and B of Purdue, Battery C of Ohio State, and Battery D, made up of students from Xavier and Culver. Battery B was entrusted with the registration upon a basepoint, to take place at dawn Thursday morning. The guns were “layed” accurately for fire direction Wednesday night about 10:30, with the aid of candlelight fro mslits in cans which were fastened to the aiming stakes about 30 yards in front of the guns. The other batteries were to follow
Battery B with fire upon various adjusting points or targets, usingcorrected map data and transfers of fire from this data. Final Day Nears After that, materiel was cleaned at camp for the final review Friday morning, and all G. I. (Government Issue) clothes and articles of field equipment were turned back to supply. For amusement the last afternoon, several of the fellows in Battery B visited the tent domiciles, giving each a name, such as “Vets’ Home,” or “Okel-Dokel Hotel, Rooms Completely Furnished,” and the like. The term “okel-dokel” was a pet affirmation used by Captain Whistler, of Battery B, for whom and for whose affirmation everyone took a great liking. In other units, mock communistic speeches and outbursts of fireworks and singing were'heard. Mess halls that evening were notions to put it mildly. In Battery B mess, cheers
News Of The Week
Senate Okays Lending WASHINGTON, July 27—By a two vote majority the administra-tion-backed spending-lending bill passed the Senate today without the proposed 500 million dollar slash suggested by Senator Byrd, of Virginia. The vote was 40-38. The slash would have cut out the authorization of 500. million dollars for the construction of roads in co-operation with state and local governments.
Lewis Assails Garner WASHINGTON, July 27—Vicepresident John Gamer was denounced today by John L. Lewis, before a congressional committee as “a labor-baiting, poker-playing, whiskey-drinking, evil old man.” Lewis was appearing before the House labor committee when he made the statement. Garner had “no comment” to make.
Japs Warned Again WASHINGTON, July 27—Secretary of State Cordell Hull today warned the Japanese government that Japan would have to cease her ruthless disregard of American rights in China if she wished to continue her economic and commercial negotiations with this country. The trade agreement between the two countries expires January 11. It was signed in 1911. Senate leaders, who just a few days before killed the president’s neutrality bill, acclaimed the decision to hault Japan’s attempt to close the “open door” of China.
England May Quit Treaty LONDON, July 28—If negotiations now going on in Tokyo to settle the British-Japanese differences did not succeed, British officials said today that they would follow the example of the United States and denounce her trade treaty with Japan. In Tokyo Japanese officials were studying the United State’s declaration, but would make no statement until
Military Students Don Civies^ Desert Fort Knox
later developments arose.
were given for the mess sergeant, “Honey” Mullett, and the two cooks who were responsible for making their mess hall the winner of the $25 first-place award for outstanding chows. Five Hours ’Till Dawn I^ost poker pots were full of lOU’s while everyone waited for the dawn, the 5:15 breakfast mess, and the 7:00 payoff. Suitcases and trunks had stood packed since early Friday afternoon. About a third or a half of the fellows “racked up” (went to bed) to a firecracker serenade. After 10:00 Lights-out call, Lari-y Lyles and two or three other Battery A fellows were dienched with buckets of water, the substitute for the rain-bairel dunking, and the cost of having a high job such as battery commander or battalion executive. The commanding officer of Battery B had earlier during the camp iCo^itmued on page 4)
Dr. Mayo Dies ROCHESTER, MINN., July 28 —Dr. William J. Mayo, one of the three founders of the famous Mayo clinic, died today as a result o fa major stomach opei-ation last May. The famous sui-geon, who. with his father and brother founded the clinic, was 78 last June 29.
British Navy Alert LONDON, July 29—Great Britain began to mobilize her naval strength today, guarding against any outbreak which might occur during August or September. Many Europeans believe it will be in these two month that European war might break out. 12 thousand reservists reported for inspection today by King George. Leaves wei-e granted early so that the entire force might be on duty for the next two months.
“No lsolatioii**-McNutt CLEVELAND, O., July 30—Paul V. McNutt, new federal security administiator, backed Secretary Hull’s policy of backing like-mind-J(Continued on page 4)^>'Y; >■-/ -%y4^
' l.i jfS„ '•^f^--^ ,,;/’'^ 6, /■^.iW'
W
■1/ !
• 2
THE PURDUE SUMMER EXPONENT
Thursday, August 3, 1939
\
let’s Dig Down . . . . . . through this pile of papers on the desk tonight and see what conies to light. Much of it is potential editorial material, and some of it is potential waste-basket filler. In any case, however, the desk should be cleaned up a little, and we may find something really interesting. Lying on top is a copy of the May Purdue News, a little old and do^ared, but still holding its own. In it W. E. Howland and R. W. Babcock discuss “Liberal Education (Via or Versus) Technical Training.” If you are an engineer and seek a well-rounded education, we hope you have already read this little pamphlet. If you have not. . . perhaps you’d like to try it out sometime. Next is a little propaganda on Japan, a booklet with a bright red and blue cover, printed in Japan by the Japanese Government Railways. The pictures are pretty, but we can’t get very enthusiastic over the urge |o visit “friendly” Japan. Some space is devoted to the 1940 Olympic games originally scheduled for Tokyo, but the location has since been changed to Finland. Let A Ghost Write It! Here is a reprint of a story from the American Mercury entitled “Ghost Goes To College.” It concerns one G. H. Smith, who will ghost write anything from a simple theme to a PhD thesis for you — at a price. Perhaps he’d be a good man to work on that filtration experiment report of ours which must be due in the immediate future. From the American Friends Service Committee comes a four page mimeographed story headed “Quakers Refute Propaganda Against Refugees.” This paper cites figures from their pamphlet, “Refugee Facts,” declaring that the solution of the refugee problem does not present difficulties that cSnnot be overcome. This agency attempts to show that refugee capital and consumer needs add to U. S. employment. Propaganda Philosophy At the same time, other sources would have us believe that refugees coming into the United States constitute a horrible menace. If any one of us had the knowledge and abilty to separate the wheat from the chaff in this maze of propaganda which greets us in so many varied forms every day, and to really be certain of what was the truth and what was colored material, we would be clairvoyant indeed. At best, we can learn the source of our material, and not accept the doctrine of every book merely on the author’s say-so. Freedom of mind may lie in the ability to analyze and find truth in the welter of propaganda-confusion. After that perhaps too-long bit of philosophy, we’d better get to work again. Coming back to home, here’s a letter from Walter H. Peoples, ME ’41, calling for a student book store. Fastened together with a paper-clip is a
PURDUE EXPONENT
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct 3, 1917, authorized Jan 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the summer session Summer mail subscription $0 60 '
Editor-in-Cliief
Business Manager
R. E. Insley
W. E. Smith, Jr.
D G Terrio Editorial Director E M Antonini Advertising Manager Rolfe Jenkins Sports Editor J H McKee, Jr Associate Editor Mary Burtsfield^ Coed Junior OFFICES Editorial Union Bldg , Room E—4006 Business 312 N Fifth, Lafayette—6038 This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint All unsigned editorials are written by the editorial director.
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTI8INO BY National Advertising Service, Inc College Pabtishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. Chicago - Boston • ban Francisco Los ANGELES - Portland > Seattle Member Associated Collegiate Press
pamphlet, a folder, and a map of the world from the World Federal Unionists, in New York. This literature gives facts and comments about the proposal to unite 15 democracies, including the United States of course, as a nucleus for a World Federal Union. The proposition sounds fine on paper, but it must really frighten the die-hard isolationists. We’re afraid the idea is just a little too Utopian. But in any case, it should help to sell Clarence K. Streit*s book, “Union Now,” which is given plenty of publicity. \J
Surprise Package
Here’s a sheet of typewriter paper bearing the title, “Construction, Operation, and Performance of Richards Hindered Settling Classifier.” .. . now how did that get in here? “The College of Tomorrow” is discussed in this Spring issue of “What The Colleges Are Doing,” published by Ginn and Company. One major problem in college education, which is facing even Purdue, is the question. Who shall be educated? One theory states that we are now educatmg the wrong kind of people in college; that there are too many young people of high academic caliber who are denied the opportunity because of economic circumstaces. The problem is defined in this paper as, How shall we educate both kinds ^— those who are able to attend, and those who ought to attend college — to the ultimate advantage of the nation? Ultimate advantage of the individual must also be considered, however. Included in this paper are a number of editorials from contemporary collegiate and metropolitan newspapers. The pile of papers is still high, but we’ve at least weeded it down a little bit. The rest will remain until another night, unless the janitor gets disgusted and cleans the place out sometime when we’re not looking.
The night was hot,; the band was hot and we hope your date was O.K. too. Yes, we are talking about the Prom. ’Tis too bad it’s ended and we have nothing to look forward to but finals. Maybe you should check up and see who wrote those text books. b&b Tid Bits from Prom—Imagine Johnny Werst’s embarassment when he was stopped at the door because his import was not attired in an evening gown. Our ever obliging Assistant Union Manager came to his rescue—she gave the clothes off her back so Johnny and date could go forth to the Jitterbug Prom. This depaitment recommends Miss Peterson for the TRUE FRIEND AWARD, b&b We have been able to figure out who the Queen behind the beautiful flowers at Prom was but the question at hand is the identity of her date. You aren’t importing these days are you Keppie? b&b It’s the early worm that gets the boid^opietimes Looks as tho the Pi Phis\;re doing a little preseason rushiiig—and using Bob Verner for bait If the rest of youse see-ioar-ity gals expect Bob’s services, apply e'arly. A few guaianteed dates next fall will be sufficient letuin for his services b&b If you are planning any celebrations in the near future, get ^n touch with Jokey Clark—he will add much to your party if you can keep up with his roaming nature —for additional reference call Lois Mills. b&b Dear Readers. If you don’t like this diibble we are putting out—don’t boast it, but knock it with youi contributions We aie still offeiing Double Mais Passes foi the best contiib publis* ed ,b&b FAMOUS MISTAKES: I love you too. b&b Looks like summer school has I Healthfully Cooled | LUNA
Summer Tennis Play Nears End Eight men remain in the summer session tennis tournament. Games in the next round will be played and the results tabulated by Monday morning. The schedule for the quarterfinals: added three new co-eds to our student body: “Dorothy/’ Baker and “Sylvia” Potter, Phi Gams, and no other than “Polly” Watson, Sig Ep streak. Beware guys, you may be the next! (although they say this is the essence of rating) Certain alert co-eds feel that there must be someone deserving as a “fourth ”
Smithson 2390 vs. Forbes 3301, Carlson 36893 vs. Kamisky 71834, Erick 8421 vs. Thompson 66812. Moses 7724 vs. Harris 8407.
TODAY - FRI. - SAT.
2 BIG HITS!
The BIG Picture of all time . . . Brought back for you enjoyment mmt
Ether Edits By Hank Miller A sad state of affairs makes itself known today as we prepare to set down this writing. The oldest and by far the best variety show on the air is soon to leave. Rudy Vallee has decided to call it quits foi a while with his present sponsor, Standard Brands, Inc, after the longest sponsor-perform-er relationship in ladio history, 10 years This bieak came after a mutual agreement between Rudy and his sponsor as they both believe a change would do them good We have long been of the opinion that no better entertainment could be found on the airwaves at anytime than Rudy’s Variety Hour We aren’t alone in that opinion either as Rudy is fre'quently called the Ziegfield and Barnum of the radio A look at the list of the stars that Rudy has discovered or introduced to radio looks like the Who’s Who of radio, stage, and screen worlds. A list of his dis^ co<tf€rie6 would include such nam^ Vs Charlie McCarthy, Bob Burns, /Alice Fay, Joe Penner, Frances Langford, and many others.
Among those who appeared on the air first through Rudy’s show are such stars as Grace Moore, Katherine Hepburn, Helen Hayes, Fannie Brice, Lou Holtz, Robert Montgomery, Walter O’Keefe, and Joe Cook His record for consistency is unequaled. In ten years, he has only missed two broadcasts, his program IS the most sought after by neophytes hoping to break into radio, and he is considered by music publishers “as the prime factor of show business in the introduction of new songs to the public No plans have been announced foi Rudy’s activities after his final program on September 28, but he has always wanted to see South America and may take time to do so before starting radio series Whatever his plans are, he can always be sure that there will be a vast radio audience waiting to welcome him back to the an when he is ready. e e Bob Shinn, author of WBAA’s AA’s Campus Varieties Script last year and of many other programs heaid on the Voice of Puidue seems to be going places. Though he took up script writing with no thought as to the possibilities as to making that his profession, he started making inquiries in that direction. ^ Bob has received manj/ favorable. replies from radio stations
over the country and seems t^ be 0 nthe right track Bob’s best piece of work so far was produced last Fidiay by the Speech 56 class under the title of “The Hymn of Hate ” Bob received many comments on the script, some people saying that it surpassed many commercial shows. Personally, we have spent much time with Bob in preparing radio programs and can only say that it will be hard to find his equal Here’s wishing him lots ot luck. 73’s for another week. David Takes Medalist Honors In Annual State Golf Meet; Scores 140 John David, ME ’39, star Boilermaker golfer, won medalist honors in the 1939 Indiana State Amateur golf tournament at Anderson Tuesday, putting a one-over-par 73, which, with his sensational 67 of the day before, gave him a 140 total, four strokes better than the run-nel-up. While at the University, David was state intercollegiate champion, and captained the 1939 Gold and Black squad in his senior year. Tied for second place honors in the tournament were Dick Taylor, West Lafayette, and Fred Gronauer, Indianapolis. Each had 144, scoring 73 on top of 71’s for the first day.
Plus
S0NG»miED RANGE SAGA!
MEREDITH Sons of the Pioneers SUNDAY - MONDAY
Aeiiiiirs t ■- %■'' miOH PACIFIC 1 »' r.i.m.vnl i S Barbara Stanwyck vJocI McCrea -with.tWni i'Biktrt ttesUji • Ijnni Omnim .••WjfriinDiiiltyy-’rfiducediaiik^DIrectei'liyllrtll^.IliMlIlei^ ’
— Plus — PtiEK LORRE
mnmorowiKes A VACATiOAf ' A 20th Century-Fox Picture
Cool Washed Air ARC
TODAY THRU SAT.
COOL
COOL
NEW MAIN TODAY - FRI. - SAT. DOUBLE FEATURE
with ROSALIND KEITH BOB LIVINGSTW — And — /
A COLUMBIA „ PICTURE — Also — “Hawk of the Wilderness” Serial
SUNDAY - MONDAY RKO RADIO’S GIANT OF SHOWS! mmm^ iiii Slornng CARY GRANT • VICTOR McLAGLEN ond DOUGLAS FAIRBANKS, Ir. Sam Jaffa • Eituardo Ciannelli »Ji!8ii Fentame,
— and — WALT DfSNEY’S •^Academy ^ Award Revue”
Edward Sedgwick Production released — Plus Fist Run Hit A Thrill Packed Action Drama
Midnight Prevue Sat. 11:30
The “SAINT,” Debonair but Deadly! Chasing Crime! Plaguing Police! Laughs! Thrills!
^^The Saint In London” with GEORGE SANDERS SALLY GRAY
TODAY - FRI.
.. j JOHNSON tom NEAL
5 DAYS
Starting SATURDAY THIS TIME LOVE RE
Andy writes a school play... it’s an explosion of mirth!'
ummiu
TODAY - FRI. - SAT.
DOUBLE FEATURE
4 Days
Starting SUNDAY
stamng ^John Garfield Qaude Rains i Jeffrey Lynn iFay Bainter fOonald Crisp May Robson Frank McHugh Dick Foran iand The / '"FOUR DAUGHTERS?' Priscilla Lane Rosemary Land iLola Lane jGale Pago ’ ' Pretented by WARNER BROS. Directed by MICHAEL CURTIZ
w
^4
♦Thursday, August 3,1939
Last Games-On-Grecn Scheduled For 1’onight Games-on-the-Green, popular recreational activity, of summer sessidii> students, will be held again tonight at 6 o’clock on the green' just north o fthe Fieldhouse. Both men and women are welcome at the last of these four play sessions, which are free of charge. During the evening courts for badminton, archery, deck tennis.
cricket, croquet, volley ball, and tetherba^ll will be maintained. Miss Marjorie^ Case, women’s physical education staff member, will direct the games during the evening. In case of rain, the games will be transferred to the Fieldhouse. Results from the mixed doubles tennis tournament will be announced this week as soon as the finals can be played off. The Schedule for the matches has been hindered by rain this week.
THE PURDUE SUMMER EXPONENT
1'^.
Freshness
For Summer Wear
We know all the answers to the problem of keeping your summer garments fresh and spotless as the day you bought them. Its an art, too, that takes skill and 'Knowledge and careful workmanship. If you want the best cleaning, ask us to call — we’ve been pleasing people for many years.
tmmu
Phone 4081
Fielders’ Choice by Rob’t J. beckard With the All-Star Coach poll drawing to a close in the near future, it is evident that the backers of Mai Elward, brilliant football technician at this mohumental institution of brain-children, will find it indespensable to acquire a good many more first-place votes in the quest of rates to aid Mai to overtake Elmer Lay den, Notre Dame mentor and leader in the poll, according to the most recent compilation of votes made by AllStar officials. —fc— Therefore, every Boilermaker backer and Purdue alumnus and student must “get in gear” and start sending in more votes for Mai or signing ballots furnished by Indiana Junior Chambers of Commerce for Mai . . . There isn’t any doubt that Mai is definitely in the running’ but there isn’t any doubt that Mai still needs more votes to hop in that coveted position. —fc—■ Please, notice, Bruce Ramey, Nick Pangere, M. M, Karnowsky, Guy Sype, Herb Overton; Don Bailey, R. J. Deckard, Sr., Harry Foster, Bob Leach, Oliver Lynn Scott, Jim Burwell, Jim McKee, A. Mickewich, Mary Anna Wilson, Helen Fleming, that the Cincinnati Reds are 12 games out in front in the “torrid” National League pennant race . . . If the Rhinelanders make only a .500 record for the remainder of the
Tickets For Eight Riveter Football Games On Sale The advance sale of football tickets for Boilermaker gridiron games this fall was officially opened this week following the placing in the mails of 13,000 application blanks to alumni and general public. In view of the fact that hundreds of orders have been streaming into the ticket office for the past two months in advance o fthe mailing of the official blanks, a reeprd breaking early sale is anticipated. A particularly heavy sale has ’ already been recorded for fhe season’s opener with Notre Dame at South Bend on September 30, .. as well as the Dad’s Day game with Michigan State here October 21 and the Homecoming game with Iowa here on November 4.
season, they , are going to cross bats with some unlucky team in the World Series this fall, recent figures reveal ... Put that in your pipe, and smoke it, gentlemen!
It Doesn\ Take A
H. G. “Deac” REISNER College Book Store ‘Everything for a college education’
Bag Of Money
j
TO DINE IN THE
GUe^iiuit Roam
ime
You will be pleasantly surprised to .find delicious food served in appetizing style at such reasonable prices.
Visit the Chestnut Room — on the second floor of the —
Time is important to the college student — Save as much as you can by riding ip a Yellow
“The Thinking Fellow Calls a Yellow”
mum
Corner of the Campus 0 yet the Center of CamiJus Activities
YELLOW CAB CO.
5023 Phones 307 f
etus To Grid Poll
Chamber Of Commerce Voting Booths Close At 10 P. M. Saturday
The “Boost Hoosier Football” campaign, backing Mai Elward, of Purdue, and Elmer Layden, of Notre Dame, in the All-Star coaches’. poll, was given added impetus today as Governor M. Clifford Townsend issued a special proclamation calling upon all citizens to support the Hoosier mentors in the closing days of the balloting. All voting will close at
10 p. m. Saturday.
Governor Townsend wired campaign headquarters established here by the Indiana Junior Chamber* of Commerce as follows: “I wish to urge all our citizens to join in the ‘Boost Hoosier Football’ campaign and support Elmer Layden, .of Notre Dame, and Mai Elward, of Purdue, for coaches of the All-Star game August 30. If an Indiana coach is chosen, it will be well deserved recognition of the fine football for which our
state is famous.” State-Wide Program
Twenty-six Junior Chambers of Commerce scattered over the state are actively organized in backing Elward and Layden foi' positions, on the All-Star coaching staff, and local chairman Melvin Jackson stated yesterday that preliminaiy reports indicate an avalanche of votes for the Hoosier mentors in the final three days of balloting. Boy Scout organizations over the state are assisting the Junior
V ' V'l
Chamber in making a thorough
canvas of all voters.
The local campaign for Elward as first choice, Layden as second choice, and Pete Vaughn, of Wabash, as third choice, was reaping votes from all parts of the counti*y today. Thousands of votes from twenty-one different states have already been received from Purdue lettermen by Dick Johnson, president of the campus “P” Men’s Club, and will be tabulated and forwarded for inclusion in the final totals on Friday. Local industries are winding up their drives, and reports from alumni organizations over the country indicate that the voting will hit a
high this weekend.
Two university co-eds yill have charge of the women’s portion of the work at the main booth tomorrow and Saturday. Helen L. McQueen, Kappa Kappa Gamma, Sci ’41 will have three helpers at the ballot stand in front of Rosenthal’s on Main Street Friday, while Mary E. McClelland, Kappa Alpha Theta, HE ’40, will be in charge of another trio Saturday,
Prof. W. E. Howland . . . of the civil erfgineering school was the principal speaker at a meeting o# the Indiana Sewage Works Association Friday at
Spring Mill State Park.
JIECKER’S.
'HJ
, there has been set Dia remembering our aside a special day i friends^ „ i, F.iend.Wp Day - ’ Iriends by sending Frieiidship Cards.
518 Main Phone 6477 —DECKER’S———
Preserve The Interior And Exterior of your house with
We carry a complete line of Mirrors and Window Class HUNECK’S ©LASS 6- PAINT CO.
826 Main St.
Phone 384191;
m
l’'’5,t.;?.! I In,
pililiii||lgipp§^|i^^ggliP|ifi;i^^ THi PURDUE SUM EXPONENT Thursday, August 3, 1939 §
'■''■■*-r-1:nnH.n:,,
lUiiii
liiiiiilMlM
1'' ’'i'M,
Many Co-eSGraduates Employed, Figures Show Forty percent of the University’s 1939 women graduates in majors other than teaching are now employed, according to the latest figures from the Placement Service for Women, headed by Miss Ruth Houghton. Many different parts of the country and many fields of work are represented by the positions held by these girls.
Military Students— (.Continued from page 1) period halted such practices in his battery, intimating that his own discipline should be sufficient, and would be made so if the rain barrel were continuously used for fun instead bf being kept for fire emergency. Consequently, the friendly competition between Purdue batteries reached a higher level than in past years, and the Purdue units received compliments for their almost “professional” performance of many military assignments. Souvenirs Come Back Despite the fafct that the 29th of July meant leaving camp behind, many took along something for souvenirs. A few shrapnel cases from the firing range weighted down some of the baggage. Everyone should have memories of Louisville week-ends. And a number of articles of clothing went along, too. Joys of comfort to each and. all were the blue, overall-like fatigue clothes, consisting of slip-over jumper, loose-fitting trousers, and the shapeless hat. Many of these hats may be-seen about the time of the first home football game this fall, since about half the fellows kept theirs instead of turning them back to supply, When a dozen men were assigned to clean a truck and. each’liicked his square foot to rub shiny, when volleyball or softball or tennis wepe to be played in the sun, or, when other opportunities presented themselves, the fatigue hats were worn. Seniors Now So, when a number of these shapeless, blue denim ifeabbageleaves” are worn on the campus next fall, and when 180 seniors don again their dress uniforms with fresh black and gold diamonds at the top of the left coat sleeve, all may know that these have had their glorious adventure, lived in a diiferent world for six weeks, and then brought 180 homesick stomachs back to “civilization” for another year, until they return to Knox next summer for two weeks’ officers camp as reserve officers in the good bid field artillery. I And so, as the well known song tells us, “Where e’er you go, You will always know, That those caissons go rolling along.” “It is -of primary importance for you young people’ to" have an intelligent understanding of the functions of your government, for our democracy can be maintained only with each citizen fighting and making sacrifices for it.” W. M. Jardine, president of Wichita University, urges support of those who would make the study of democratic government a vital part of education.
Jean Bailey is doing home service work for the Atlanta Gas and . Light company, Atlanta, Ga'.; Vir-' ginia Hulse is hostess at a model home run by the Commonwealth Edison Company, Chicago; Georganna Pittman has a position as laboratory technician in Indianapolis, and Mary Kay Hudson is do- ^ ing home service work for the Indianapolis Gas Company. Mary Cooley With Jewel Mary Cooley has a summer apprenticeship ' at the Jewel Tea Company, Barrington, 111., doing testing and advertising work for their products. She is the first Uurdue girl to have a position of this kind. Mary Wi;en, national pie-baking queeil^s^is a 'xdemonslrator and organizerNof cooking schobls for the Nation^ Livestock 'and Meat Board, Chicago. Her work takes her to. all parts of the country. Willa Mae Eeverda, a horticulture graduate, has a position designing and selling flowers at a florists shop in Chicago. , Several Remain Here Margaret Hamilton is assistant resident at the Women’s Residence Halls at Purdue while Wilma Eviston is also working here as a foods apprentice at the Purdue Memorial Union. Elizabeth Hiner and Margaret Johnson are' foods apprentices at the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor, and Martha McBride is foods manager of one of the units there. Georgia Elliott is assistant dietician at the Cary Halls at Purdue; Marga Mary Glunt is employed in the foods department of the Woman’s City Club in Detroit and Marie Byers is assistant manager of the cafeteria at Arsenal Technical High School at Indianapqlis. Fellowship holders include PearT Jackson and Mary Alice Learning at Purdue, Sally McKee at the University of Colorado, and Kathryn Mounce to Ohio State, Seven girls are working at interne'ship in dietetics.
News Of The Week— (Coyitinued from page 1) ed nations in their stand against the actions of Japan in China. Isolation, the white haired former Indiana governor said, would mean trebling the United States navy and would wreck the nation’s economic life for a generation. Japs Turn On Brif-ish SHANGHAI, July 31—Japan be^ gan a new move to drive Britain out of North China today, Britons arriving in the Tientsin area were warned that their lives would not be safe after August 10. British missionaries'" in the Tientsin area have been asked to leave, and Chinese shop keepers have been told to remove all British goods from their shelves. British officials pi’epared to protest the ultimatum, ahd also" protested the "barbed wire barricades erected between the British and Japanese defence sectors. Strikers Riot En Masse CLEVELAND, July 31—Thirtyfour strikrs were injured today as police attempted to disperse strikers at the General Motors plant here. Violence broke out when three thousand workers massed at the gates. One worker, reported near death, was injured when a car in which, he. was entering the grounds was overturned . by strikers. Ho&i^se Halts Lending WASHINGTON, August 1—The House today defeated the president’s spending-lending program by a vote of 166 to 193. The action, said the President, would' be a blow to industry, the unemployed, and the taxpayers. Congressional leaders hoped that the present session would adjourn by Saturday, August 4.
Hairy Football— (Continued from page 1)
possibilities in this new oval. It might ■ alleviate fumbling difficulties in wet weather, since the whiskers naturally project from the formerly smooth surface. For night games it would not produce a, glare, since the surface would not be shiny. Is week the Purdue alumnus appeared on the campus for the first time in several years, and, after showing his pigskin to Eth B. Baugh, alumni secretary, took
COAL SPECIALS New River W. Va. “Red Parrot” “Kaymoor” I^pcahontas Splint Lump or Egg _____$8.75 Lump $7.50 (treated) East Ky. Lump $7,50 "3% Ash 15,000 BTU’s 4-5% Ash 14,000 BTU’s North Star Coal Co. July Delivery — Satisfaction Guaranteed 308 Brown St. Phone 2405
Whatever Your Floral Needs c»’s HAVE M fintsT min' Of fLoiiitns fon ALL OGcnsiofis liltk (^^
Phone.,5423 •
522 Main St.
The Tops
in
HOTEL
Hotel Stops FOWLER
BLUE BLAZER
WALNUT ROOM
COCKTAIL LOUNGE
CAFE
BOTH AIR CONDITIONED
For Economy, . .
. . The Lahr Hotel
a tour of his now unfamiliar campus. His dream football is now lying in state, pending the reactions of Noble E. Kizer, University director of athletics, who is out of town, and Mai Elward, head football coach.
Stein admitted that his idea may belong only in a dreamy but added 'that if anything could be done with it or if it met the problems of rainy football and night games he wanted the University
to get the benefit of it.
Classified Ads LOST-r-Pair of rimless glasses, with case from Dr. Calvert. Please call 2671.
You Need Crown Service MORE In Summer Than Any Other Time ... More soiled clot'hes because of light apparel and perspiration. You can depend on Crown for rapid service '
FINE CLEANERS PF FINE CLOTHES Top of the Hill Phone 4073
r 4
r
Skilled chemists and laboratory scientists work unceasingly-to maintain a rigid standard of purity for our dairy products. They’re constantly looking for new processes to bring added delight to your table. ^ Try our other products for Complete Satisfaction
FRATERNITIES
Cream Butter
Choc. Milk Cheese
and
Sororities ^
Remember that Sunshine Farms are in the best position possible to
\ v >. . 1
supply you with your dairy needs this fall. We
offer prompt, coulleous
service at all times.
. 4.:^
SUNSHINE FARMS
807 North Fourth Street
Phone 5015
» »
Have your car tuned up by Anderson’s expert mechanics. You will be surprised at the improvement in performance. / —^ I Peter Anderson Company
6fh & Alabama Streets
‘After You We Come First’