*
ffi
i
a
THE WEATHER
Fore<^t for Indiana: Fair,'" warmer today. Tomorrow, rain probable, warmer.
Purdue Exponent
THORSDAY
NoTomber I0« 1938 Lafayette/ Lad.
Vol. 50
No. 50
Professor Bailey Talks Before ChE
Group Last Night
A large group of chemical engineers heard Prof. C. H. Bailey talk on “Recent Developments in Cereal Chemistry” last night in the Union reception room. Professor Bailey, ceredl engineer at the University of Minnesota, was banqueted prior to the meeting by about 25 chemical students and faculty members. Dean C. B. Jordan, head of the pharmacy school, acted as master of ceremonies, although no business was discussed. Professor Bailey showed mainly the relationship between chemistry, physics, and engineering, in testing wheat for commercial baking. Earlier in the day, Bailey spoke to the agricultural chemistry seminar on his “European Experiences During the Summer.” This talk was mainly centered upon the information gained through visiting foreign laboratories and studying their techniques.
Dance Movies To Be
Shown In Girl's Gym
Modem dance movies Avill be shown in the hygiene lecture room of the Women’s Gymnasium at 4 p. m. today. The movies show Doris Humphrey and her dance group who are coming to the campus for the culture conference next week. After the movie Miss Helen Knight, physical education department instructor and former pupil of Doris Uumphrey, will discuss this dancer’s work. Principles and philosophy Sf Miss Humphrey’s dance as a contemporary art will be Miss Knight’s subject.
System For Better Grades Offered On
Student Guild Chart
Personnel Notes
Boh CiosbyAnd His Bobcats,
F. C. Hockema Will Discuss Student Leadership Problems At 7:15 Today
Debris Sittings
Continue Tonight
Debris group pictures will continue this evening in the tower room of the Union, starting tonight at 7 instead of 6:30 as they did last night. Sitting times for tonight’s pictures will be found on page 4 of the Exponent. Debris Photography Editor Jack Emslie requests that all persons appear for their group picture promply. Pictures will continue next Wednesday.
Home Management Houses Prepare For Move To New Sites
Audience Will Receive
Answers To Questions
Kizer Will Speak At 44th Annual Meeting
Home Ec home management houses are being moved. Because of the two new Cary Hall wings, excavation of which will begin the first of February, it is necessary for two of the girls’ home management houses at 940 and 1022 Stadium street to vacate their present locations. The house at 1022 Stadium will be moved during the week of November 13 to the Women’s Residence Hall property facing State street. Present plans for the house at 940 Stadium is to move it to First street, also on the WRH property, as soon as all details can be arranged.
Acting president of the University FVank Hockema will discuss “The Problems of Student Leadership” tonight in the Home Economics auditorium at 7:15, as second speaker for the Student Activities Bureau’s leadership school. Questions asked by University activity persons will be answered by Hockema. “A mimeographed sheet, containing the questions, will be given to everyone. There is a space for answers. After Mr. Hockema discusses each question there will be a period of open discussion from the floor. It is important that all activity persons attend,” said Junior Manager Bill Breuer last night.
. . . who will furnish the music for the 1938 Military Ball tomorrow night in the Union ballroom from 9 to 1 o’clock. He comes to the campus from the Blac^hawk Restaurant, Chicago. Featured with Crosby is the original Dixieland band; five of the men from his first orchestra. A “licorice stick,” a “doghouse,” a “agony-pipe,” a “set of skins,” and a piano make up the quintet. Four of Bob’s boys were selected last month for the Collier’s “AllAmerican Swing Band.” Bobby Haggart, bass; Bob Zurke, piano; Ray Blanc, drums; and Eddie Miller, tenor sax, were selected for the band. Featured singer with the band is pretty Marion Mann. Mary Alice Learning, WSGA president, announces that 2 o’clock hours will be in force for co-eds. This will be the first dance this semester with late hours for girls.
Of Chicago Alumni Higgins Will Talk
Seminar To Present Aitist
Noble Kizer will speak at the 44th annual gathering of Chicago alumni at the Union League Club in Chicago tomorrow night. The meeting will be the first one not preceded by a Purdue game in the Windy City. Other prominent speakers on the program will be John T. McCutcheon, BS ’89, and Arch Ward of the Chicago Tribune. Bill Winterrowd, ME ’07, vice-president of the alumni association, will act as toastmaster.
At AIEE Meeting
All activity persons have been informed of the meeting. At future meetings of the bureau there will be talks by other University men on activity questions and problems.
Published by the Students’ Guild of San Diego, Cal., the Gunthorp , study charts, a new educational development designed to aid students in getting better grades, is being offered for the first time this year. According to its author. Dr. Gunthorp, l;he chart is so constructed as to provide the shortest route between bewilderment and understanding of one’s subject. The charts were prepared from material tested over a period of seven years. Adequately tested under various circumstances, the practical suggestions contained in them have * invariably improved the students’ grades. They may be obtained through the Students’ Guild, Box 511, San Diego, Cal.
Alexander Archipenko, dir-ector of the Archipenko Modern School of Fine Art and Practical Design, in Chicago, will talk on sculpturing at the seminars on art Thursday afternoon, November 17, at the conference on contemporary culture in the Memorial Union Building. Bom in Kiev, Ukraine, Archipenko has traveled extensively over Europe, exhibiting his colorful sculpturing. He came to the United States in 1923, and opened a school in New York. Previously he had directed art schools in Berlin and Paris. Color Problem “Alexander Archipenko has gone a long way toward solving the ageold problem of color in sculpture,” said C. J. Bulliet, editor of “Around the Galleries” in the Chicago Daily News. “As a draftsman he is in the class of Raphael—one of those rare artists who can do no wrong.” Having been called “radical” in his art ideas since his early school days, Archipenko has created a new and individual kind of art. He not
only concerns himself with color, but also form along with its relation to rhythm and space, Bulliet continued. Suspends Metal Particles Utilizing the modern chemists’ method of suspending particles of metals, gold, silver, iron, and copper in a solution that can be blown into clay, his sculpturing contains the shadows of mysticism where “the metal is an integral part of the creation artistically as well as chemically.” In addition to the highly burnished delicate metallic lustres from the laboratory, he uses colored earths from California, which can match the colors of flowers and of sunsets. ^
Mum Show Will Open With 125 Varieties
Huge, vari-colored chrysanthemums will share the spotlight with cider and doughnuts at the Annual Horticultural Show opening at 1 o’clock tomorrow afternoon in the Horticulture Building. Earl Hymen and his staff are expecting their selection of 125 varieties of chrysanthemums, all grown in University greenhouses, to draw a record attendance. In addition to this attraction, an extensive display of apples, nuts and vegetables has been planned.
T. J. Higgins, of the electrical engineering department, will address the American Institute of Electrical Engineers in room 254 of the Electrical Engineering Building at 7 o’clock tonight. “History and Romance of Mathematics” is his subject. “Math was a slowly involved art and its history is very interesting,” stated Higgins. All engineers, and particularly junior engineers, should find this subject very interesting, the speaker believes. Students following into advanced math will find the theory and applications of mathematiics educational as well as interesting. Next Tuesday, Professor D. T. Canfield will speak on “New Metering Devices” to the AIEE.
Foresters To View
Logging Operations
Seniors in forestry wiU leave the Union Sunday for an inspection of logging operations in northern Indiana and southern Michigan. Foresters will stay o-vernight in Goshen, Tnd., and return about 6 n. m. Tuesday.
This trip is a new venture for the forestry department. Like all inspection trips, it is designed to provide first hand information to supplement classroom courses.
Co-ed Has Costume
Prof. Shea To Head
Plate In Art Exhibit
Psychological Clinic
A historic costume plate drawn by Betty Elstun, of Hammond, is included in the third annual Big Ten traveling art exhibition now on display in the Union music room.
United Air Offers Treatise Awards
ASME Will Hear GE
Head Tonight 7:30
Buxton Supervises Industrial Courses
“Economics of Investment in New Manufacturing Equipment” will be the subject of Pi'of. C. W. Beese, head of the general engineering department, when he speaks to ASME members at 7:30 tonight in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union.
t* Editor’s Note: This column will appear from time to time to notify seniors of job opportunities and to publicize other information helpful to those seeking employment. Seniors interested in any notice published herein are urged to read the literature con- . cerning the company as indicated, and talk } to the head of their school with regard to interviewing company representatives.
Company: E. I. duPont de Nemours & Company, ammonia depart- ^ ment, at Wilmington, Del., and Charleston, W. Va. Representative: H. W. Rinehart of the ammonia department at ' Charleston, W. Va. Visiting Purdue: Friday and Saturday, November 18-19. Interviewing: Mechanical engineering seniors. Employi^nt: Development and general engineering on high pressure processes synthesizing the ^ ammonia products. Literature: Available in ME office. Sign Up For Interviews: In ME office.
Four hundred and seventy-seven foremen are receiving instruction in special foremanship training courses being given by Professor George F. Buxton ,of the engineering extension department. Twenty-two firms of Evansville, South Bend, Mishawaka, and Goshen are receiving these instructions. Stai'ting in November the meetings will continue, alternating each week among the northern factories, through December
Professor Beese’s speech topic is also the subject chosen for this yeai’s Charles Main award, a na-tion-wide contest open only to the members of ASME. Members planning to enter this contest should be present at this meeting in order to benefit from the speech. C E. Clutter, ASME president, invites everyone to attend.
Four awards, with a tuition value of $11,140, will be given by the United Air Lines Transport Corporation to college men determined on aviation as a vocation. Candidates must be male, undergraduate, and students in good mental and physical standing. The treatise submitted must be of not more than 3,500 words on some aeronautical subject. They must be submitted not later than March 13, 1939, to the Boeing School of Aeronautics, Oakland, Cal., which will send complete information to all interested.
This exhibit is shown at all the schools in the Big Ten conference. Betty Elstun’s work was done in the costume design and illustrations class under the direction of Miss Ruth Austin, of the applied design department.
Professor Harriet E. O’Shea, a member of the home economics administration, is the newly elected president of the Indiana Association of Clinical Psychologists, Inc. Miss O’Shea, who is also professor in the economics and applied psychology department, was elected for a twoyear term at the annual meeting of the association in Indianapolis, last Saturday.
Hockema Addresses Club
Display Features 4 • WPA Project Work
Acting President Frank C. Hockema and Prof. M. F. Stigers attended the meeting of a foreman’s club at Logansport yesterday evening. Prof. Hockema, who has had extension work on this type of indutry, spoke on “Reasons for Organizing a Foreman’s Club.”
Examples of work done in the handicraft project of the WPA consisting of block prints, wallhanging, and educational toys are now on display in the Education Braiding. Public is invited to visit this display which will be here until November 18.
'Are You Going To Benefit From Your
Detroit Parents Dine, College Education?' Statistics Say Yes
Organize Area Club
Bishop Jones To Speak
Professor A. Swope At Armistice Banquet
To Present Paper
Seniors who have had any oil field geological, or geographical experience should call at the Personnel office and learn of the employment opportunities available in this type of work.
Professor Ammon Swope, of the education department, will present a paper on the selection of industrial arts teachers, before the Mississippi Valley manual arts conference today in Chicago. This organization is made up of one representative from each teacher training institution handling industrial arts in the Mississippi Valley. Professor Swope will act as chairman of the meeting.
Bishop John Paul Jones, dean of religion at Antioch College, Yellow Springs, 0., will speak at the annual Armistice Day banquet sponsored by the Purdue Peace Committee tomoirow at 6 p. m. in Cynthia Jones Hall of West Lafayette Baptist Church.
Fathers and mothers of Purdue students in the Detroit area met recently and formed a permanent club, electing Arthur E. Wells president for the coming year. Wells is the father of W. H. Wells, Siophomore in public service engineering. Another dinner meeting will be held in the spring was decided upon by the 50 members present.
Student Indiana Game
Tickeh Now Available
During the World War, Bishop Jones was located in Utah and led in the organization of a peace movement. Speaking in New York and Boston at many meetings, he gained wide recognition for his efforts.
Indiana home-game football tickets for students are now available at the Fieldhouse. The tickets may be obtained between now and the game date from 8 to 12 o’clock and from 1 to 4:30 p. m.
How much may I expect to earn in the practice -of the engineering profession after my graduation from Purdue ? How secure will my economic position be, relative to that of men in other professions? Will my gi-aduation actuallly increase my earning ability over that of men in the profession who do not have college degrees?” These are three of the many pertinent questions answered for engineering studnts in published results of the survey of the Engineering profession conducted by the U. S. Bureau of Labor Statistics which appear in the December, 1937, issue of “Mechanical Engineering.” (/-J Average Income $289 The survey of monthly incomes showed that of the 28,511 engineers reporting at the end of 1929, the median earnings was $289 a month. Variation from this median was rather wide, with 79 engineers re-
porting monthly incomes of less than $60 while 168 earned more than $1,180. Another series of the survey, taken at the end of 1934, revealed that the greatest impact of the depression, as far as reduction in engineering earnings was concerned, fell upon men with 2 to 5 years of experience. Earnings Go Up Both the 1929 and 1934 surveys showed that with advancing qge a considerable advantage in engiiwrwring earnings is enjoyed by men who are graduates of engineering colleges. The income of non-graduate engineers tends to remain stable or decline after 30 years of experience, however, that of engineering graduates of recognized technical schools still increases for jnany years past that time. |_il: Wt
£diJto)dal
THE FDRDUE EXPONENT
J-aaiuJuiA
Thursday, November 10. 1938
Student Leadership . . . . problems will come up for discussion tonight when the University’s acting president, Professor Frank Hockema, takes over the assignment of leading the second Activities Bureau leadership school session. Questions from the floor will be in order since it is the purpose of these meetings to actually help activity leaders solve their problems. Difficulties met with in the leadership phase of most activity officers’ work are often the hardest to cope with. Most senior officers go into their job from a far less responsible position and find that their work is vastly different and along new lines. Instead of working with associates under the direction bf a more experienced person, the newly crowned activity head‘rt'orks alone and with all the decisions resting upbn^lfis shoulders. In the past very little effort has been made to train, the new officers for their jobs. Outgoing leaders, having wrestled with the problems for a year, are only too glad to forget them forever. Perhaps this new leadership school will be useful in an educational sense to accomplish this necessary training. If Professor Hockema and his successors can keep to the point, turn aside unsuitable questions, and really attack the important leadership problems the programs will be valuable. Student audiences can help by bringing up their ovm problems for discussion, and by cooperation in keeping the meetings businesslike and fast-moving.
the Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post oSice in Lafayette. Indiana, under the act of Congress of Mar^ 8. 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Sommer Session. Delivered locally by carrier ipr $8.00 per year, mail subscription |3.60.
Editor-In-Chie^
..H. I. Stanback
Business Manager R. R. Hensler RBPRKSKNTKD FOR NATIONAL ADV|lRTI8INO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. CSttege Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICACO ■ BOSTOH ' LOS ARSILIS - SAR FAARCI8CO SPORTS STAFF Editor. ..R. L. McDonald Associate Editors J, A. HeUteler, . R. Jenkins, R. J. Deekard This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University,. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, And do not necessarily coincide with the official Universit]^ viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief. EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 312 North Fifth Street, Iiafayette, Indiana Phone 6088
Night Editor—Houston Issue Editor—Taylor Thursday, November 10, 1938
YWCA Music Group': Meeting in the Women’s Lounge today, November 10,. at .4 p. m. —WATTLEWORTH.
Modem Dance Group: Meeting of advanced members today, November 10, at 8 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. —NEWMAN.
Wesley Foundation: Moving picture on Korea Thursday evening November 10, at 7 ;30 in Foupdation House—for co-eds only. —McFADDEN.
WSGA Interviews: Freshman and transfer wome n,who have not reported for their activities interview, come to the WSGA offce either Thursday, November 10, or Friday, November 11, between 4 and 5 o’clock. —BARMBS,
Christian Fellowship Hour: Meeting in room B of the Union tonight, November 10 at 7 :30. All students are cordially invited. ■ —BURBRINK.
The Purdue Engineer: The following men report to Squires in the Engineer office at 1 p. m. today, November 10: Lantz, Lawler, Leckie, Martinek, Mossberg, Newman, and Packmpn. —HARRIS.
Newman Club Forum: Regular forum discussion in reception room of Union at 7 :30 p. m, November 10. All members are come—KASSER.
— PRICES — Matinee 20c Hisht 20c-25e Children 10c Nitjhf Prices Sundays and Holidays
ROOMS FOR RENT
FOR RENT—One-half room, single bed. 424 N. Salisbury St.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Post slide rule marked W. H. L. Please contact Lidgard. Phone 2487.
Camera Club: Meeting of all Camera Club committees at 4:30 in the facult'y lounge, today, November 10. All members urged to attend. —HEDDEN. Armistice Day Banquet: The Armistice Day banquet will be held at the Cynthia Jones Hall, West Lafayette Baptist Church, Friday, November 11, at 6 p. m. Get your tickets at the lobby desk in the Union. —WRIGHT.
FOR SALE
TTPEWRTTERS—All makes, and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New Portable maeUncs as law as 829.76. Buppliss. C. F. Kbenboff, «W Main street.
LOST—Pair gold framed glasses between Armory and Northwestern. Phone 66001. Reward.
$22.50 Topcoats, Overcoats, Tuxedos and Suits, tailored to your liking. Jordan-Brown and Sons will be at the Fowler Hotel, November 9 and 10 to display woolen fabrics and tailored clothes.
Eighty-eight per cent of University of Minnesota’s students have indicated they want a universityoperated bank-deposit system.
FOR SALE—One brand new demonstrator Corona-Zephyr portable typewriter. Big discount. Phone Staley—7935.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTED—Boarders. Good food. Very reasonable. Call Mock, 76721.
First^ collegiate courses in pulp and, paper technology were offered by the University of Maine 25 years ago.
THE BOYS IN THE DEBRIS ., . . . . office are having a- big time these days. It seems that they are keeping company with an idea that they will make twice as much this year because MONEY-BELT EDWARDS is using the double-entry system. PREDICTIONS ... . . . Unless we miss our guess there will be a new combination on the campus within the next couple of days. As to this being for the better or the worst, We do not know as yet. , THE COMBINE REFERRED TO .. . . . is BILL CHAPIN and JERRY BUHRKE. By the bye, BILL, why the new Sigma Chi pin, are you expecting to do a big business? ABOUT THIS TIME . . . every year the Sorority girls start laying a little pipe by having the faculty over—these little tete-a-tetes are laughingly called teas. SO FAR THE CHI O’S . . . . . - have the jump as they started construction last Sunday. How did it work on the yellow slips, girls, did you'have any luck? HAVE YOU SEEN ... . . . Doc Miller’s picture he has in his office. K not it is a picture of the Doc and a fish—no remarks needed on which is the fish. The photo is the Doc’s pride and joy. IF YOU WERE TO . . . . . . ask us we would say that it is a slight case of trick photography.
WANTED—loung couple desire to rent space for modern' house trailer. Must have electricity, water, use of lavatory. Prefer near campus. S. Myers, 226 Pierce.
Pi Tau Sigma: Important iheeting Thursday, Novernber 10, at 7 p. m. at Alpha Chi Rho house. All members please be present. —HARVEY. ASME Members: Pin and membership cards will be given out at meeting Thursday, Novernber 10, in rooms 1 and 2 of Union Buildi'ng. ■* —CLUTTER. ...Purdue Engineer: All staff members meet iii Bhigineer office at 8:15 Thursday, November 10, before Debris pictures are taken. —TAYLOR.
WAA Hockey: Thursday, November 10, at 4 p. m., juniors vs. seniors. Girls on these teams are urged to be present. ' —SHAFFER.
ARC
TODAY - FRI. - SAT.
COLD TERROR STALKS THE CAMPUS IN A THRILLING COLUMBIA PICTURE AND
!!3
YODELIN’ KID FROM PINE RIDGE :AlS0^ "ZORRO RIDES AGAIN"
AIChE: There will be.a business meeting at 7:15 Tuesday, November IB, in the faculty lounge of the Union. —JACOBI. (Continued on page 4)
LUMA Today - Fri . - Sat. 2 FIRST RUN HITS
PROPELLERS WHINE A HYMN OF HATE!
Alfj
STARTS TODAY Double Feature
THE GAYEST GIRL YOU’VE EVER KNOWN IN A LIFE TIME OF JOY AND MUSICAL THRILLS!
DEANNA DURBIN in I NEW UNIVERSAL PICTURE MAD ABOUT MUSIC ii' neilKii ^RSHALL
A f:rst run hit
... for your benefit Relentlessly a mechanical mouth at Bell Teleplione Laboratories keeps talking... talking... talking into this new type telephone. Other telephones are being frozen, steamed, baked, lifted and dropped into their cradles by machines. Why all these laboratory tortures? Simply because your telfephone must prove it can take more use and abuse than it will ever get in its normal lifetime. It must be ready to give you the best possible telephone service. Exhaustive testing of Bell System apparatus is one reason you can depend on your telephone always.
' r Why not telephone home offener? ■ . . Rates to most points are lowest any time . ,
BELL TELEPHONE SYSTEM
WANTCI^S A MAN FOR MOM^ Mutt be Sinsf«> Handiem* tnd • Regular Guy with KIdtl No Drizzi* Putt Need Apply!
TODAY-FRI. ^ABC
HERE’S THE EHTERTAINMENT JACKPOT OF THE VEAH! THE mmi OF HILAHITY.. THE CREAM OF CEUBRITY..
SU TODAY IPMKfiTtt
. Y
—and the figures on the male listener survey are: 1,023 listen to the Sudsy Shaving Cream hour, 2,384 to the Whizzo Cigar program, and 14,256 to their wives.’’
University of Michigan astrono- College enrollment experts premers have taken pictures of calcium diet enrollment in U. S. institutions . flames shooting 600,000 miles above of higher learning will begin to de- . the surface of the sun. dine in 1943.Thursday. November -10. 1938
THE PUBDUE
DEPONENT
Gil Tredwell Breaks Record To Win Campus Walking Race
Frgsf^ Griflmen Work On WAA News
Indiana Plays At Practice
By Phil Johnson .♦ Undaunted by chill winds and driving rains, the freshman gridmen still make excellent headway in their practice. Although hindered at the beginning of the Season by “Old Sol’s” smoldering rays and recently by brisk winds, the inclement weather has not lessened their spirit and they are working until late each evening to take advantage of the few remaining practices.
Throughout the season the squad has been divided into several teams, representing the future opponents of the varsity. However, with but one game remaining on the schedule Coach Elmer Burnham tries to find his best combination to compete in a practice game against the Riveters next week. Three teams are learning the Indiana plays. Prom these teams the eleven ■ that'will
face the varsity is to be selected. The remainder of the squad is working on defense. The freshman teams have been miaking great battles of their scrimmages with the varsity and the Riveters have undoubtedly added to their defensive strength by the tussles. It had enabled them tp better anticipate the plays of the opposing team.
Ward parties will be held this week and next for girls in the physical education department. The object of these parties is to give each girl an opportunity to meet ' all the other girls in her ward. Later in the year these wards will probably enter competition with one another, so it will be profitable to know with whom you will work on
vai’ious teams.
LOEB & H ENE COMPANY BEAUTY SALON The Question: Why Is Loeb’s Beauty Salon So Popular? The Answer: Our personnel is made up of a staff of qualified beauticians, efficient in every detail of artistic ability. 78 YEARS OF MARKED ABILITY LEE GRIEVES...:. ...16 Years MADGE "CROOKS” PLUNKETT 9 Years - THELMA FELIX ..: 6 Years KATHRYN GOSLEE 5 Years MAE MYERS ;...16 Years GLADYS "PEG” HARRIS... 11 Years JOSEPHINE STAIR .:... .. .8 Years LEANA FENSTERMAKER 2 Years JEWEL MAXWELL, Hostess You will have that ''Just Right Feeling” at the Military Ball when your hair has been dressed in the most becoming manner, by one of Loeb’s Beauty Salon’s Skilled Beauticians. Make an early appointment, so as not to be disappointed MODERATE PRICES Phone 7901 Second Floor
Special Display by , JORDAN-BROWN & SONS Wholesale Merchant Tailors TODAY Display Rooyi 629 The Fowler Suits - Topcoats - Tuxedos
I22-™
Adder's...4 ' ....choice
Tuesday afternoon found Coach Phillips’ cross-country-stalwarts decidedly aware of the chilly breezes which were wafting about the stadium. —fc— The books are closed on the season’s dual meets as the three left on the schedule are the State, Big Ten, and Intercollegiate meets . . . the runners won three and dropped three this year and Phillips said that he is well satisfied with the performances turned in. —fc— All' aspiring athletes who were turned down on the Military examination because of flat feet, can now blossom forth with renewed hope because it doesn’t make much difference anyhow . . . for example .. . Andy Farkas, Washington Redskins recruit from the University of Detroit, attributes his brilliant running to the fact that he is flatfooted . . . more substantiating evidence is supplied by Leonard Barnurn, New York Giant recruit. —fc— “Being flat footed makes me run with my whole foot on the ground,” explains Farkas. “When a tackier hits me it’s like hitting a bronze statue come to life” .. Both of these National Football Leaguers can run the hundred in 10 seconds . . . must be something to it
C. T. Arnold, J. R. McCredy Follow Winner To Tape With New Times For Course Record Fearless of winter’s cold gales, Gil Tredwell, Theta Chi, rambled home with the all-campus walking race championship yesterday, setting a new record, with a time of 21:48.9. Chased by 14 other strolling turf pounders, Tredwell took the lead from the start and with revered stamina and grit did not relinquish ."I I ' —' " the lead.
Intramural Board Will Choose All-Star Teams Managers of each of the fraternity and ward softball teams are urged by M. L. Clevett to submit suggestions for berths on the 15man all-star softball team to the all-star board immediately. Players finally selected on the allstar team will be awarded honor certificates. This is a new system, inaugurated this season, and is meeting with enthusiasm from all sides. The board, which is made up of students in the school of Physical Education and intramural managers, will also select all-star teams in the other intramural sports. Sigma Delta Psi, ,. . . . tryouts will be held in room 304 in the Fieldhouse this evening at 4 o’clock. M. A. Keller, athletic honorary manager, will be in charge.
For any gift occasion, what finer gift than a Sheaffer Lifetime pen, matched ensemble, or desk set beautiful, striking, and guaranteed tor the owner’s lifetime! And, giving so much, what gift costs so little? Pens, $2.75 Up - Ensembles, $3.95 Up Dry-Proof Desk Sets, $5.00 Up SEE OUR SELECTION!
DECKER'S 518-520 Main Sf.
Remember Pal, you will have 50 cents more if you buy your DEBRIS before November 15. The price of the DEBRIS changes on this date to $4.50.
k/! ” Only 5 More Days DEBRIS
0mLL
1
You'll want one of our beautiful Alpagora Overcoats. They serve double duty —- both smart looking and warm and you'll be surprised to find that sut:h fine coats can he had for so little. Drop in and see them today.
Trailing the fleetfooted Tredwell were C. T. Arnold and J. R. McCredy, who also set record times of 22:18.9 and 22:58.9, respectively. Makes New Records Tredwell set record times at the mile and two-mile with 7:45 for the first lap and 15:02 at the second. Close by at these points was C. T. Arnold who fought his way to Tredwell’s heels, but finally had to give in to Gil’s swiftness and stamina. Despite the positions they held throughout the race, all of the men that entered the race showed a ‘never say die’-spirit and finished the race. The race was held at the Intramural Field 2 1-2 mile course, starting at the Fourth street entrance, and after circling the course, finishing at the north end of the straight stretch..
Intramural TOUCHBALL —TODAY— Field Official 1— Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. Margolian. 2— Phi Kappa Tan vs. Tai^ Kappa Epsilon'. , McGrath. 3— Phi Pi Phi vs. Theta Tau. Chaffee 4— Sigma Chi, vs. Alpha Chi Rho. Evers 5— Acacia vs. Phi Kappa. Fishel 6— Kappa Sigma vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. . Lamoreaux. 7— P* Kappa Alpha vs. Beta Sigma Psi. Troyer 8— Phi Delta Theta vs. Delta Tau Delta in T.,.- o. Kriclc to—Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Triangle. Brodsky ft—^Delta Chi vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. Berry 12—rSigma Nu vs. Phi Gamma Delta. Luce
Archer Crepe Chiffons are a flattering complement for every smart ensemble. 'They are glamorously sheer, looking, snug-fitting—4dth a loveliness that adds new allure to every leg. All the thrilling new shades.
$|.00 PAIR
3 PAIRS ills
Chic, Smart and Dressy KID GLOVES for Fall Kid Gloves also suedes in colors and trim effects that wilt set you off smartly for the new season. $1.98 upI
¥
f
m . “Kf
3[ocaL (Ha,
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
TbdtkaA.
Thursday, November 10. 1938
.1
Notices— (Continued from page 2)
PIA Members: All members planning to attend hby ride Saturday, November 12, at 7:80, must sign up in the new PIA office (east end of main corridor, second floor of the Union) by Saturday noon Both ed and coed stage are invited The cost is ten cents per person —FOWLER
-Campus Organizations: Debris picture schedule, appears on inside page of paper. Please consult this for time of your organization picture. Please be prompt. (11-10) —ANDERSON. Mortar Board: Meeting Thursday, November 10, at 4:30 p. m. in the Faculty Lounge of the Union. —WOOD. Scabbard and Blade: Formal pledging will be held in the Reception Room of the Union at 7 :30 p. m., Friday, November 11. —COEN.
Forestry Club Membership Committee: Meeting tonight, November 10, in main lounge of Union at 7 30 All members be present Important. —NICHOLS. Fraternity Presidents: Dinner meeting at Beta house Thursday, No\ ember 10, at 6 p m Please be prompt —DEAN.
Thomas Say Entomological Society: Meeting Thursday evening, November 10, at 7 :16 in the Ag. Hall —KNAPP. Bowling: Thursday, November 10, at 7 p m.. Beta Theta Pi vs. Alpha Tau Omega, Beta Sigma Psi vs. Kappa Sigma; 9 p. m.. Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Delta Tau Delta, Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. —WILLIAMSON.
Gold Peppers: Debris picture in tower
Debris Picture Sittings
Pictures will be taken in the Union tower room at times shown below.
Appear promptly! must be maintained.
Schedule
Thursday, November 10
:00—Hoof & Horn :06—Agriculturist : 16—Pharmacist :20—Kappa Psi :30—Alpha Phi Omega :86—Gold Peppers :46—W.S.G.A. :60—Y.W.C.A. :00—Sportswomen :05—Triton Club :16—W.A.A. :20—^Engineer Edit. :30—Engineer, Bus. :35—Scabbard & Blade :45—Delta Rho Kappa :50—Luncheon Committee :00—Alpha Zeta
HEALTH LESSON FOR TODAY GET EtGHT HOURS OF SLEEP EVERY NIGHT AND EAT PLENTY OF NOURISHING FOOD . . .
It IS important that you get plenty of sleep and good wholesome-food if you would do your best work. Our bread furnishes an abundant supply of energy-giving carbohydrate to keep you going ail day.
Leave your order for Flowers at DEACS Prices for Military Ball Orchiids $3.00 each or two for $5.00 Belmont gardenias 75c each Smaller variety gardenias 50c each Rose corsages all colors $1.50 and up Violet corsages $1.50 and up Wrist corsages and head bands $2.00 and up Corsages, mixed flowers $1.00 an(l up Corsages, carnations, all colors $1.00 up H. G. (Deac) Reisner TELEPHONE 3976
Graves quality Bakery 124 State. W. L. Phone 3852
tho Purdue Exponent Service Directory 1 1
• Bookftorat
e Locksmith
"DEAC" Everything for a G>liege Education H. G. REISNER
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Open Evenings Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
• Profettional
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULNAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St." Phona 2828
The Riek Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—O.D.S. HAROLD 1. RISK—D.D.S. LUTHER A. RISK—O.D.S Schultz StriMinf 4th and Mam Phona 5701
• Jewalers
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST n9Vit Vine Weet Lafayette Phone 4965
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
room of Union Thursday, November 10, at 7:36 p,m. Please be prompt. Wear jerkins with insignia. , —COOLEY.
WAA Council: Meeting Thursday, November 10, at 5 p. m. in the W.A,A, Office. —RODERICK.
WSGA Sopfiomore Training School: Thursday section will meet Thursday, November 10, in loom A at 4 p, m. —LEAMING. Purdue Flying Club: Officers and the committee on activities meet in the Union lobby at 7 p. m., Thursday, November 10, to formulate a program of activities for the rest of the school year. Members are invited to attend this meeting. —CHEVEDDEN.
and special students may obtain directories by presenting their, passports at the registrar’s office; graduate students, by presenting their schedule cards. Staff members, except those registered as graduate students, University offices, and student organizations may obtain their copies at the editor’s office. (11-12) —STONE. Library Locker Holders t Report to Librarian’s office, using card wired to your locker. Lockers not reported by December 1 will be considered as not in use, and the lock will be cut off. —HEPBURN.
tor Sutcliffe’s. ! —JUSTIN.
Women’s Open Swim: There will be an open swim for coeds, faculty wives, and clerical staff women, 'Thursday, November 10, from 7 :30 to 9 p. m in the women’s pool Free instruction will be given. —YEAGER.
Senior Military: Makeups in MT 7, History and Policy. Students who missed class Tuesday and Wednesday, November 1 and 2, will make up work missed at 4 p, m. Thursday, November 10 in room 103, Armory. Absentees on Thursday and Friday, November 8 and 4 win attend one of the following schedule hours: 8 p. m., Tuesday, November 8: 8, 9, 10 a. m., and 2 p. m. Wednesday, November 9. Test for current week postponed. —PICKERING.
Freshman Editorial Workers: The following schedule is now in effect, Ail freshmen not yet scheduled contact me. Monday: Ehrhardt, Etter, Traugott, Riegle. Tuesday: Ochiltree, Kuch, Parks, O’Connell. Wednesday: Kennedy, Fletcher, P. Miller, Skallerup. Thursday: Schlossberg, Ruffner, Sears, J. Mueller. Friday: Payne, Daft, W. Smith, Robertson. Saturday: D. Clark. Any workdr desiring to chahge to Saturday may do so. (11-11) —HARDIN.
ule: Tuesday, November 8—Juniors vs. Seniors. Wednesday, November 9—Frosh "B” vs. Juniors. Thursday, November 10—Sophomores vs. Seniors. Friday, November 11— Sophomores vs. Juniors. —SHAFEER.
ASME Members: meeting xnursday, November 10, in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union at 7:30 p. m. Prof. 0. W. Beese will discuss the Chas. T. Main award. —WOLVERT.
Scrivener: Manuscript reading meeting Thursday, November 10 at 7:46 p. m. at 126 West Lutz Avenue. Special guest meeting Sunday, November 13, at 7:30 p. m. at Doc-
Student Senate: Senate keys are available at 201 Vine street for the price of $1.76. (11-10) —JACKS. Rifle: Volunteer range officers needed for hours 3 to 4 daily. Phone 2876 stating hours you can serve. (11-10) —CLEVETT.
WAA Hockey: Class tournament sched-
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY 511 Ferry Street Phone 7828 All kinds of printing from a calling card to a High School Annual
University Directories: Undergraduate
BE WELL GROOMED for THE MILITARY BALL This IS the finest dance of the year; see "Red" for the finest haircut of the year RED'S BARBER SHOP State and Pierce
FINEST LUNCH
IN TOWN
at 20c
1 Frost
10
1 Chop Steak .
10
Total
20
TRIPLE
XXX
WAR!! FRI., NOV. 11th 5 Hrs. Battle of Swing RITA RIO and Her All Girl Orch. VS. DON ALBERT'S 20 Colored NBC Swingsters STUDENT SPECIAL Clip this ad and present to cashier for advance ticket price of 55c. RftOOFi
INDIANAPOLIS
If You Are Going to the Military Ball
"SEND FLOWERS TO MAKE HER EVEN MORE BEAUTIFUL." "SEND FLOWERS TO MAKE HER EVEN MORE PLEASED." Your Friendly Florist
Dorner's Flower Shop
Phone 6050
Mcdn at 7th
Social success and comfort will be obtained at the Military Ball when you are wearing a pair of our new style shoes.
$2-98
LOEB & N e NE COMPANY Dotvnstair Dept.
VOTED! The Students’ Cihoice At Purdue Crown Cleaning Service The popular choice because of the extra quality it gives. Moth proofing at the same operation by the Monite Process, but no extra charge.
LAiCSSV
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTH'ES OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
Won^t Lose Another Game” It was a daring statement to make considering the schedule that was ahead, but the Boilermakers have fulfilled that statement so far. Here’s to their continued success in that remaining game to be played. PETER ANDERSON GARAGE
After You We Come First
24 Hour Service
515 Alabama
Phone 4048