MERRY-GO-ROUND
Relates Cases Of 'Unseen
Hand' Operations
Ydume 55, No. 122
Established 1889
^CfiOHem " Five More Daze!
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
GALA WEEK Features Intrasquad Baseball Game Thursday, April 15, 15N1B
ERC Unassigned Go On Active Duty After Term
PlA Will Sponsor Last Dance Friday Eddie Mack's Band Will Climax Independents' Social Season With Versatile Music At 8:30 By Jim Pecsok Tomorrow night PIA will sponsor the last independent organization dance of the semester. Since there will be no convo preceding this dance, the music will begin promptly at 8:30. Due to popular demand, the order of dress for the evening has been designated as semi-formal. Admission, as usual, will be $1.10 for non-members,
Exponent Names New Staff Don Brewer Will Receive Senior Position, Grotnes, Ford, Howes To Take Junior Jobs
Agriculturist Issues last For Duration' “La^t for the dui'ation” is the inscription on the April edition of the Agricluturist presented to its read-
\yhile members will be admitted upon the presentation of their membership cards and passports. There will be no advance sale^ but tickets may be
purchased at the door. Ijddie Mack To Play
Eddie Mack and his band will fur-
nish the music, bringing to a climax ers this week, the PIA social season which has pre- its staff, composed almost entiresented Russ Morgan, Tiny Hill and ]y of agricultural students, is pi’eIfawrence Welk to the University paring to do a form of work in cafnpus. Mack has one of those ver- which “type” and “heads” play no satile bands that is slow enough to part whatsoever. With the excepplease those who want to dance, and tion of two girls in the Home Ec-
onomics school, the entire staff will be in the armed forces or producing
food vfor them.
To one wandering ai’ound on the third floor of the Union, where the offices of the agricultui’al magazine are located, an unusual, pounding noise was audible. Worker's in the office were tearing apart mats of pictures and advertisements. “By the time this magazine is
The rapid calling of University men into the armed forces has again brought forth changes in the Exponent staif. Replacing Dale Butz as editor will be Robert Boswinkle, aeronautical engineering senior. Butz, a member of Alpha Gamma Rho, is an advanced military student who was inducted into the army in Indianapolis last month, and will remain in school until the end of June. Elected to the senior editorial board in December as managing editor, he
replaced editor William Hoskins in February when the latter was called into the Army
Air Corps.
Boswinkle, president of the Reamer Club and president of Owen House, has held the office of news editor since December. Saljy Beall, who was elected to the position of coed editor in December and replaced Butz as managing editor in February, will be news editor, is a home economics senior.
Alumni To fionor Ross, Hillenbrand At Gala Banquet David E. Ross, of Lafayette, pi'esident of the University Board of Directors, will be honored at the Annual Pounder’s Day Banquet
Chi Omega Wins Bowling Tourney; Pi Beta Phi Second
Saturday night by, being presented with the Distinguished Alumni Plaque, while John A. Hillenbrand,
Don Brewer, electrical engineering senior and former associate
Chi Omega sorority finished in first place in the Union Coed Bowling Tournament and was presented with a cup. The team had won 19 games and lost two. Bowling averages for this contest are the highest of any scores in the history of
who has completed thirty years of spoi’t editor, will become managing the tournaments, which have been
yet is fast enough for the jitterbugs. His music is a combination of sweet and swing. He has played a variety of ballrooms which include the Edgewater Beach, the Panther Room, the Edison and the Rainbow Room. He comes to the University campus from the Hotel Netherland piaza in Cincinnati, where he broke
all existing records.
Steadily Arose In Career
Mack was born 23 years ago in a „ ., ^ , small town outside of Chicago. He Published again,” said Wally Cook, first took an interest in music at un assistant editor, “these things the age of 8, when he played in the be out of date many years; we grade school rhythm orchestra. Two '"^y just as well turn in our metal years later he took up a serious mu- ^e can use it where we are going
sieal career. His father, a w^^lder ueed it.
by profession but a musician at Agriculturist continued publicah0hrt, sent him to the top music tion during the last World War schools of the country and in all he under the direction of Prof. F. J. beqame a star pupil. His profes- Robbins, now of the Agronomy slopal career began when he was 16, staff. He had a staff helping him, whten one of the name bands of the but he was largely responsible for day took him on as spare piccolo its continued appearance during the
player. Since then his rise has been war.
steady, till now he has what is rec- Subscribers need not fear about ognized as one of the ranking bands losing their money which they paid of the Middle West. Last year he for subscriptions. After the war, wa^ awarded the Music Magazine the magazine will re-appear, and award for the most improved band it will go to those who hold unexof the year, pired subscriptions.
New WAA President Presents Awards To Outstanding Women Students Eight Coeds Receive Monograms, Pledged To Sportswomen Honorary About 75 girls witnessed the ———————
awarding of large genuine leather WAA skins to the most outstanding graduating seniors Tuesday night, April 13, at the WAA Spring Sports Spread. Those receiving the skins were Gail Hennis, Libby Baughman, and Mildred Smith. Gail Hennis has served as president of the organization this past year, is treasurer of Mortar Board, a member of Gold Peppers, Delta Rho Kappa and Kappa Delta Pi. Libby Baughman has served as president of Sportswomen during her senior year, is a member of Gold Peppers, Kappa Delta Pi and served as representative of V. C. Meredith
Club.
The third winner of a Skin, Mildred Smith, held the office of vicepresident of WAA, vice-president of Modern Dance Club, and has been very active in Triton. Ward II Claim Cup Ward II ran off with mqny of the intramural awards and thereby claimed the right to possess the large gold loving cup for this next year. Last year the cup was in the possession of North Hall and Kappa Alpha Theta. Eight girls had accumulated 1000 points and received large “P” monograms. Immediately after receiving the monograms, they were pledged to Sportswomen, athletic honoraiy, in a shorf ceremony in charge of Libby Baughman, president of the organization. These girls will be initialed Into the club, Saturday, April 17, at
service to the University board, will editor. Jean Lauer, who became coreceive a Distinguished Service ed editor in February, will continue Award. in this position. She is a home ecoThe presentations will be made nomics senior and member of Kappa
by W. H. Roberts, president of the Alpha Theta.
alumni association, and J. W. Noel, junior night editors will be Ellis vice-president of the board of di- jyiuiphy, Willas Vermilion and Car-
rectors. The banquet is one of the highlights of the Gala Week program for alumni and seniors held in connection with the commence-
ment exercises.
Campus Tours For Alumni Alumni activities will be launched Saturday morning with registration and campus tours. Following the annual luncheon the University Alumni Association will hold a business meeting during which regional directors will be elected to succeed Volney Lay, ’06, Chicago
roll Martindell, while Carolyn Wilbur, Bill Tyson and Jack Abbett will be city editors. The day editors for the coming semester are Ruth Ford, Katherine Howes and Madelyn
Grotnes.
James ' Petty, mechanical engineering senior and member of Delta Tau Delta, became business manager, while the position of advertising manager will bO filled by Jane Keim, science senior and member of Chi Omega. Conrad Gaunt will be assistant advertising manager;
region, and F. A. Schaff, ’07, At- jofin Tabb, layout director; Mary lantic region, both of whom will be accounts manager, and Bob
awarded a Certificate of Merit at the banquet in recognition of their services. They have been active for several year and have served the constitutional limit of two threeyear terms for directors. In the afternoon there will be the traditional parade of classes to the oval to place a wreath on the grave of John Purdue, and an intrasquad baseball game on the varsity field some time later. After the Pounder’s Day banquet in the evening alumni will attend the Festival of Easter Music convocation
in the Music Hall.
Alumni Class Breakfasts Sunday morning the various classes have made arrangements for breakfast and afteiward open (See GALA BANQUET, page 4)
Sauerman, circulation manager. Continuing as sports editor will be Joe Dawson, mechanical engineering senior and president of Lambda Chi Alpha. Clinton Sowai ds, Raymond Smith, Russell Lipes and Sheldon Watson will be associ-
ate sports editors.
Carl F, Booster
. . . director of the Housing Re- Qf CQciHa ScHuck
search project, and originator of the Purdue Wartime House for defense areas, received the Indiana Junior Chamber of Commerce award last Sunday for being the man in Indiana under 35 who had made the greatest contribution to
business during the last year.
going on for the last several years.
Pi Phis Second
Second place went to Pi Beta Phi with eleven games won and seven lost; Kappa Kappa Gamma placed third with eight games to their credit and seven lost. Breaking even in fourth place was Alpha Chi Omega who won nine and lost nine. Kappa Alpha Theta won ten games while eleven games were lost, and Delta Gamma won eight, lost ten. Alpha Xi Delta won three games, lost twelve, and Phi Mu won two,
lost thirteen. High Scores
Other statistics gathered from the games are the highest individual game score going to Mary Boddinghouse. Pi Beta Phi, who bowled 202; highest individual series score was bowled by Mary Roth, Chi Omega, with a total of 650. The Chi O’s chalked up the highest team game, 763, and the highest team
series, 2161.
Because of their high averages, the following girls were picked to be on the all-star team: Chi Omegas Mary Jane Roth, Mary Jo Funkhauser, and Mai’y Katherine Gee; Pi Phi Mary Boddinghouse, and
Theta Marilyn Fifield.
Men Need CertificateSf College Transcripts New Orders For Active Duty To Be Sent To Reservists' Home Addresses ^ Instructions regarding the induction of the men in the Army Enlisted Reserve Corps, Unassigned, have been released by the Military Department. The men are scheduled to be called to active duty fourteen days after completion of the present academic term or as soon thereafter as practicable with regard to the avoidance of congestion in reception centers. There^ ' ' " ' — fore, the orders will direct the Cliimn Cliidin report about May 4, Jidy V|r iJlIllliPr JlUulU 1943, or some date subsequent thereto. The orders will be To PrOSOnf Awdrds home addresses of all the men. Awards of recognition for work No seventh term student done during the past year and a members of the ERC wiU be deplay presented by members of the ferred in order to graduate. Only University chapter of Theta Alpha the seventh term Advanced MiliPhi, national dramatics honorary, tary students will be allowed to finwill be featured on the program of jg}!^ however, they are no longer the Stage, Stump, Studio meeting member of the ERC but are either to be held at 7 tonight in Fowler active duty or retain a civilian Hall. status. Members of Stage, Stump, Studio This information does not apply are composed of WBAA, forensics, to men who have been discharged and dramatics activities. An SSS from the ERC and are now in the banquet has been an annual affair Navy or Marine Reserves, men in in the past, but the banquet part the Signal Corps electronics group, of the meeting was cancelled this or the Army Air Force Enlisted Re-
serve. Since there is no indication that the electronics group will be called soon they should stay in
school until called.
year due to war-time food ration-
ing.
Special Guests
Special guests at the meeting will ^
be Clare A. Coolidge, acting dean Transcripts _ of women, and F. I. Goldsmith, dean ^ ^
of men. Members of Theta Alpha Phi who will take part in the play
Those students in the Army .ERC
“Jacob Comes Home” are: John Clark, Betty Grey, Carolyn Wood, Arthur Barab, Becky Ann Pervine, and Lee Fishback. Prof. H. Kenn Carmichael, Prof. Lee S. Winch, G. D. Williams, and
Training Certificate in class by their instructors before the close of the semester. A transcript of each student’s college academic record wiH be mailed to his home by the Registrar. He is to take both the transcript and his military training certificate with him when he reports
Ross Smith have been in charge 3^ reception center in accordof arrangements for the meeting, g^gg the instructions in his
New members of the Purdue orders.
Players, honorary organization for Military students not having their acting or working in Playshop, will military training certificates by the be announced along with awards for time they complete their last milioutstanding acting in major roles, tary class room hours should see the creative ability, and for outstand- class room instructor regarding the
ing service to the organization. situation.
. . . head of the dietetics department of the School of Home Economics, was elected president of the Indiana Association of College Home Economics teachers at a meeting held in Indianapolis last
week-end.
Freshmen, Sophomores In Navy Y-1, Marine 3D To Take Tests Next Tuesday Naval Pre-Medical, Pre-Dental Students May Obtain Exemptions From Service
12:30 p. m. at the WAA cabin. Those earning “P” monograms are as follows: Eva Williamson, Jean Brackman, Mai ion LaFuze, Lois Verhoeven, Ruth Rule, Anna Mae Fickle, Brita Kraeplin, and Betty
Millei.
North Hall was awarded the rifleiy tiophy and Ward II received the basketball, volleyball, and baseball cups. Nearly 25 girls, mostly freshmen, earned numerals. Senior members of Triton were presented bracelets. Awards Presented All awards were presented by the newly elected president of WAA, Jean Brackman, after supper and a songfest and the new Sportswomen pledges were left with the task of cabin clean-up after the
fun was over.
■ Guests at this last social get-to-gether of WAA, were Clare Coolidge, Dean of Women; members of the insti'uctional staff of the Women’s Physical Educational Department; and Sally Beall, news editor of the Exponent.
Liquid Soil To Flow . . .
Phi Kappa Taus^ Kappa Delta Rhos To Wage Annual Mud^ Wagon Event
Notice
According to Major R. B. Riordan of the Military Department only advanced military students who are graduating Sunday must be present at graduation to get
their certificates.
Statements that all advanced military students have to be at graduation are false, as only those who are graduating must appear,
In continuance of an old tiadition which started in the spring of 1928 during Fraternity Hell Week, the, annual mud fight between the neophytes ol Phi Kappa Tau and the happy pledges of Kappa Delta Rho will take place tomorrow night at 7:30 m the gully acioss the highway from the Kappa Delta Rho house. The brawl centers around a wagon buried up to the hubs in an exceptionally muddy mud hole. The wagon is reminiscent of the days when the fraternity pledges used a wagon to go after mail; the mud is reminiscent of the usual Indiana weather often prevalent during Hell Week I’hi Taub Attack According to the ancients, one bright but muddy morning as the KDR boys passed the Phi Tau A. C., the Phi Tans, only their pledges of course, thoroughly and completely covered the wagon riders with a volley of large misshapen and oozing mudballs. The KDRs immediately 1 etaliated with a quick sorte against the mudslingers driving them back of the Phi Tau house. Flushed with the thought of coming' victory the
hilltoppers threw prudence to the winds and followed the retreating men into the alley. As the KDR’s dashed into the alley, now known as Arby Lane, the Phi Taus came pouring out of their house and absconded with the wagon load of mail. KDRb Catch On The KDRs immediately sensed the luse and caught the rapidly disappeaiing wagon at a point half way across Stuart Field; and then the mud, blush and perhaps a few stones (by mistake, of course) and maybe even an occasional fist, to say nothing of many well-placed kicks, really flew from one group to the other and back again. Eventually the point was reached when all members of both gi'oups were so thoroughly engulfed with liquid Indiana soil that no one could lecogmze hib brothers and so the game was called because of darkness. Annual Affair This little fight has been cariied on each year since then with first pne fraternity burying the wagon in the specially prepared mudhole and ihe next year the other fraternity
being custodian of the obsolete mail truck. The object of the battle is for the organization that buries the wagon to keep it buried and for the other group ,of pledges to get the wagon out of the slimy goo. This soon degenerates, however, into a depantsing brawl and the winner is usually detei mined by the number of men who emerge from the slime with their pants still in the customaiy place. The fiacas will last until the fighters can no longer recognize each other or until it becomes evident to the watchers that the boys are being so rapidly engulfed in the ooze that they will drown or smother or something unless given some assistance. The KDRs have been preparing a mihiature mudlake across the road from their mansion—the wagon is thoroughly mired in the goo—the KDR fighters have been studying judo for months—the Phi Taus have been working on the strategy of co-mud-captains Ed Wall and John Coffin for an equal period of time— the time is tomorrow night at 7:30. Come one, come all; and watch the brawl.
Class V-1 Navy Reserves who have completed four or more semesters of their college course and Class III (d) Marine Reserves who are in their freshman or sophomore years are scheduled to take a written qualifying examination next Tuesday, April 20, in the main lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Building, Part I being given from 9 to 11 in the morning and Part II from 1 to 3 in the after-
noon.
Marines Take Same Test Marine reservists take the same examination as the V-ls but will be required to take the pai'ts of the tests given during/the first hour of each period only/ Premedical and pre-dental studerlts may be excused from the test by presenting evidence of their enrollment in these fields to Assistant Dean W. A. Knapp, Univei'sity Navy representative before the date of the
test.
A list of Class V-1 Navy and Class III (d) Marine Corps Reserves whose names are on file in the Office of the University Navy Representative have been placed in the hands of all members of the teaching staff. Members of the Navy and Marine Corps Reserves whose names do not appear on this list should report this fact to Assistant Dean Knapp. It is expected that these students who pass the qualification examination will be called to active duty on July 1st and be sent to colleges of Naval selection. Tjiose who do not pass the examination will be subject to immediate active duty with the Navy^. To Continue Presertt Program Members of the Navy Board in
charge of the college training program addressing a meeting of the Deans of Engineering Colleges held in Washington on March 18th stated that members of V-1 and V-7 now in engineering collets would be permitted to continvfe their present program of study rather than to follow the new V-12 curriculum, which will start on July 1st of this year. Foresters To Hold Field Day Saturday Foresters will hold their annual field day next Saturday at 3 p. m. m the picnic grounds in back of the Stadium. Among the events 'will he competition by classes in wood-saw-ing, chopping to a mark, tree idett|ification, distance pacing, tug-o-'war« a sock race, three-legged race, and a chewing-tobacco spitting rhee. The coeds are invited to participate in the latter event. The Rhinie Paul Bunyams are boasting a tough crew of lumber jacks, however the juniors insist “Undoubtedly, all the freshmen 'W^U be reduced to green sawdust". A campfire, food and songs will conclude the field ,day. Dick Cisne ... his orchestra from the versity of Illinois will play Sund^» April 18, at the Ideal Beach room on Shafer lake. Dancea will be held every Sunday night until the summer opening May 30 when the summer dancing policy wiB ^
gin.
tSI
f •#(tV'r
»&.
Purdue Exponent
Thursday, April 15, 1943
Purdue Exponent
Offices: Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Honorary Editor / William G. IIoakinB
With the Colors
Editor. . , Business M^nnuer News Editor iManagine Editor Senior Advertising Manage Sports Editor Coed Editor Coed Business Executive
Dale E. But? Gerhard H. Klouman Bohert W. Boswinkle Sail) Beall James G. Petty Joseph S. Dawson Jean Lauer A. Jane Kcim
Pubficatibn Staff Editorial Staff Associate Editors: F. J. VegVi, J. T. Richardson, T. L. Tilton, Vi. H. Tyson, W. L. Vermilion, M. L. Smith, C. C. Martindell, E. Murphy. Coed Staff: Phyllis Mann, Martha Lee Riggs, Carolyn Wilbur, Elaine Ahrens. „ „ Sports Staff: C. Sowards, J. Ackerman, D. Shryer, R. Smith, Business Staff Assistant Advertising Manager: J. Filpi. Advertising Managers: J. Flexon, C. Gaunt, J, McCullough, J. Tabb, Circulation Manager: R. H. Kroeplin. Accounts Manager: Mary Dilts.
Editor-in-Chief...
The Purdue Independent
Bert Squier
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Mann Sports Editor: Grotnes Day Editor: Rigjs Issue Editor: Steffes Reporters: Baynes, Murphy, Hahn, Richardson, Winslow, Forsythe, Dominik, .4bbctt. Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and qt the special rate of postage provided for in section llOS, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published on Tuesday, Thursday. Friday and Sunday mornings durin gthe year. Delivered locally by carrier for $1.75 for a Semester or $3 00 for two semesters; by mail for $2.00 for a semester or $3.50 for two semesters. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 .Madison Ave., New York, N. Y'.
Grading Systems As the end of the winter term of 1943 rapidly approaches its close, the instructors and faculty members of the University staff will be faced with the delicate task of placinggrades on the respective records of the various students. This term marks the secopd anniversary of the new grading system which was initiated last fall and which replaced the old letter grading system. When the new grading system consisting of 6-5-4-3-2-1-F-I and L grades was adopted, it was announced by University officials that the system was designed to put our grades on a comparative basis with those awarded at other universities. The old H grade had caused considerable confusion in the past in transferring credits and it was hoped that the new system would eliminate this trouble. Also it was argued that the H had always been deep and mysterious and that teachers were confused as to the proper time at which to ward the grade. It was pointed out with emphasis that the 6 was not designed to replace the H, but w’as supposed to be given for unusually high achievement with a rating of excellent. In a memorandum distributed to the faculty last fall, the University Committee on Grades and Grading Standards set forth a complete description of the new' grades and listed a suggested distribution of the different grades. It was suggested that approximately 10 per cent of the students should receive 6’s; 20 per cent 5’s; 40 per cent 4’s; 20 per cent 3’s; and the rest would be distributed among the other grades. Since University records show that only about three per cent of the students received H’s under the old plan, the 6’s will have to be passed out more freely, if they are to be attained by 10 per cent of the students in a particular class. There is still much confusion existing among the various instructors as to the correct interpretation of the grading system. In spite of the committee recommendations, many instructors have not passed out 6’s, because they regarded them as super gi'ades and placed them in the same category as the old H. Other faculty members regard the 6 as equal to an A and pass them out liberally to all who would have received A’s under the old system. Other teachers I'ange in between these two extremes, but they all seem to have a different idea as to how it ought to be done. The recommendations of the Gommittee on Grades and Grading Standardii seems to us to be'a fair distribution of the gr-ades and should be follow'^ed rather closely by all instructors in the University. This would eliminate to a certain extent the differences in grading which now exist between teachers and between courses and w'ould better fulfill the purposes for which the new grading plan was adopted.—d.e.b. Sniwics, SiitipsA, Ensign William McCarter . . , foi'nier Univeisity .student, was commisbioned an Ensign in the United State.s Naval Re.serve and was graduated iioin tlie United .Slates Naval Air Training Center, Corpus Chiisti, 'J'c.x., April 0. Hi.s lionic IS Clinton, Ind., and he v.ii: given tiaining iii the Iiandliiig of torpedo jilanes Uf ut. James L. Parmeiee . .t, foimer University .student, ha.s just been coiiimisBWned as Second Lieutenant in the United States M^vihe Corps Reserve and was giactuated from the United States Naval Air Ti-aining- Center, Corpus Christi, Tex., April 6. He is the sepn of Dr. and Mis. Arthur H. Parmeiee, 611 Edgewood Place, River Foresh 111.
qiie msuMTOH V Tm Rt9 U S Pal Off lilERRY-GO-ROUND By DREW PEARSON Heroes Find Army Life Tough; Find 'Unseen Hand' Operating To Prevent Advancement Of Men WASHINGTON—Today in the State Department many of the reactionaries will admit they made a tragic mistake in boycotting the Spanish Loyalist Government during the Spanish civil war. Had the career boys not thrown the United States on the side of Franco—and indirectly on the side of Mussolini and Hitler who were supplying Franco with arms—the American army in North Africa today would not have to keep troops marking time on the borders of Spanish Morocco, worried over a Fascist thrust from Spain. Even more important, many diplomats now believe that had the dictators been crushed in their practice war in Spain; had the United States shown it meant to throw its weight firmly behind democracies, the present war might never have happened. Believing this even at that time^—in 1936 and 1937— several hundred American youngsters went to Spain, enlisted in the famous Abraham Lincoln Brigade, fought for the freely elected Spanish Republican Government against Franco. Many of them were wounded. Many were killed, among them the son of Ring Lardner, famous American humorist. Those who came back, ossessed a first hand knowledge of modern warfare—warfare which many West Point graduates who run the U. S. Army had not then tasted. • One Who Caught On In Germany, Hitler used the Spanish civil war to test out planes, tanks and men. But in the United States, most of the men who risked their lives to fight in the Lincoln Brigade against the dictators have experienced a peculiar fate. When they enlisted in the American army, they say they were discriminated against, cross-questioned as if they were social outcasts, and many of them thrown into service battalions, which means kitchen police, cleaning stables, and doing manual labor for the duration. These few Spanish War veterans who have been given a chance, have used their previous fighting experience to great advantage. Captain Hermann Battcher, called the Sergeant York of the Pacific, rose from sergeant to captain, has been awarded the Distinguished Service Cro.ss and the Purple Heart with
Clusters.
However, Battcher is not an American citizen. All who volunteered to fight in Spain lost their citizenship at the instigation of the Career Boys in the State Department. Furthermore, Battcher got in the war early, before the War Department clapped down a thinly veiled discrimination against veterans of the Lincoln Brigade. 9 From Lt. Colonel To Private For instance, here is the experience of several youngsters who fought against Fascism in Spain and who wanted to fight against it in the American Army. Approximately one year ago, John Gates, a lieutenant colonel of the 15th International Brigade in Spain, enlisted m the U. S. Army. In Spain Vincent Sheean and Herbeit Matthews of the New York Times cabled back dispatches on his bravery. In the U. S. Army he joined the 59lh Armored Artillery Battalion, Camp Chafee, Ark., where he became a sergeant. Then as his unit was about to go overseas, his commander received a telegram from the Adjutant General in Washington ordering Gates transfeired to a seivicc unit—■ which means no combat service throughout the war. No explanation was given. Tow lieutenant colonels thought so much of Gates that they intervened. But nothing happened. There wa.-^ only mysterious silence in Washington. ® Finally Gates Sent Letter To Roosevelt Finallj Gates sent a letter to President Roosevelt. “There is no greater honor,” he wrote, “than to fight for one’s country. Am I so base that I should be denied that right? What better waj to prove one’s loyalty than on the field of battle? “1 am supremely confident that if a Board of OHicers were to review the case, or a Special Investigating Officer appointed, the recommendation would be to return to my former unit. Our men are fighting gloriously in Africa and the Pacific. I only ask to take my place alongside of them.” But the letter got no further than the War Oepartnient. No Board of Review was appointed. Apparently Sergeant Gates had committed the unforgivable crime of fighting for Loyalist Spain. This IS only one of many, many cases. George Cook, a lieutenant in the Lincoln Brigade, enteied the Ft. Benning, Ga., officers training school, 23rd Company, last December. All his mail was opened and read. He attained a high standing in liis class, but suddenly in the eighth week of training, ho was yanked out and transferred to the Medical Department along with over-age men. No explanation was given and no board of review granted. 9 'Some Unseen Hand' Another case is that of Sergeant Irving Fajans, also in the Ft. Benning Officer Training School, 29th Company. He had been wounded in action in Spam, attained high marks in officers’ school, had been permitted to buy his uniform and make all preparations for receiving a commission. But one day before giaduation, he was suddenly told he could not graduate and was transferred to the 4th Service Command, Atlanta, where he will work out the war. Again take the case of Piivale Alvin Warren, who after three months basic training at Ft. Knox, was asked by his company commander to remain as cadre training personnel. He had fought in Spain for a year and a half and his experience was considered valuable by his immediate superiors. Then suddenly he was transferred to Ft. Benjamin Harrison, Ind., to a company of limited service men including Italians, German aliens, and others not allowed to enter combat units. 'J'hen there is the case of Marris Brier, who entered officers training school at Camp Crott, 17th Company, was rated second in his class, but on March 23, tluce dajs before graduation,'after purchasing his officer’s uniform, was told for some mysterious and unexplained reason that he could not graduate. He was transferred to a headquarters station complement. 'I'licse are only a few of many cases where some unseen hand, similar to the influences found in both the State and War Departments in the past, have reached in to penalize the youngsters who Were farsighted enough to see what was going on in Spain and to risk their lives to stop it. (Copyright, 1943, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
Today's Screen Review
News—7 min. ^ 3:28-—4:51 Spirit of West Polpt—'.20 mih 3:35—4:50 Moderift Mexico Oity—9 min. 3;55—5:18 Back to Bikes>y9,min ■....4:04—5:27 (jrosby Songs—10 min..j,. 4:13— America’s Food Crisis (Mqft)—20 min 3:00—4:23—5:36 Barney Bear’s VictoiT Galfden—8 min. 3:20—4:43—5:56 Pop Corn Atl‘rdcH Many Studonts to bad’s l^ldce
Jttlst Looking illrdtilitd By Jack Abbett and Jim Richardson Our democracy is a fine thing, but it is being stretched a point in connection with the three-time pardoned Stephens of Detroit. This man was convicted of helping a Nazi spy escape through the United States after breaking out of a Canadian prison camp. The Nazi sympathizer wou^d be unwilling to allow a captured American the same privileges in (!lerm’an'y that he has received. The fuss
By Anna Mae Craig
If you’ve been at the University for more than a day, you’ll need no introduction to Dad’s place or to its friendly owner. It is as much a part of campus life as Heavilon Hall or the Sweet Shop. Day after day, week after week, a constant parade of students go past the open window of the store. They stop to buy candy or pop corn, or to say hello to Dad as he is often called.
New Owner Now
For two years now, Russell Harshbarger has owned the store. Before that, it was owned by an elderly old gentleman of seventyfive. It was from him that the store got its name which has always stuck with it. Now one always sees Russ standing behind the window ready to serve you. Something about his hello makes you feel as though you are the one special customer he has been waiting for all day. He knows countless students by name, where they live, and what they are doing here. This is because he always buys a Debris and thumbs through it, often recogniz-
ing his customers.
He knows just about what you’re going to buy when you step up to the window. He knows that Clark bars are the favorites of the Thetas and he saves them as many bars as
he can. He knows when the fraternities are having beer parties and pops gallons of pop corn for them. Pop Corn Specialty. Pop corn remains the best seller at the store and a gallon for fifteen cents is still the student special. Rationing cuts down on variety of stock, but not on volume of business. It is still rushing, especially from four to five o’clock and from eight to nine. So much pop corn is sold during this time that it takes the time of one person just to pop corn. The original “Dad” kept a record of every bag of pop corn that was sold in five years and the figures were unbelievable. Wouldn’t Change! Rtiss is interested in all the students who pass his window daily, and has become close friends with many of them. Foreign students interest him especially and he always makes their acquaintance as soon as possible and learns all about them. lie says he loves his work and wouldn’t change his job for anything. He says his success in storekeeping is ninety percent due to location, but there are lots and lots of students who say his success is fifty percent due to location and fifty percent due to “Dad” himself.
The Ratio
3.55... to 1 UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT Here comes another trying to see how many, skeletons can be scared from the proverbial closet. But my
about his pardon should be forgotten and he should be shot or hanged, for he is costing the state of Michigan and the federal government money that could be used to kill Nazi pigs.
X-X-X , .,
The British Eighth Army sterns to be in the mood to end the fight-
first job is to wish that chinless ing in Tunisia by May 1, if possible, wonder K. G. Roquemore the best One possible reason for the early
of luck in his journey into the outside world and may be keep his nose cleaner than he did here.
Companies scheduled to visit the
campus:
Esso Laboratories, Baton Rpugo, Louisiana—April 19. Interested in
organic chemists.
Union Oil Company of Californio, Los Angeles, Calif.—-Interested in Ph.D., Ch.E., B.S., Ch.E., M.E. and E.E. Sign in Personnel Office imme-
diately.
M Announces Hew Personnel Notes
Positions Open To Independents Any unorganized student may
submit petitions for vaiiotis appointed jobs m the Purdue Independent Association before 4 p. m. next Monday, according to Norman Atigsburgci’. Although petitions requiie no signatures, students offering them should be prepared to present themselves to the board members for selection Monday aft-
ernoon.
Political chaiiman, publicity chainiian, men’s and women’s social chairman, men’s and women’s activities chairman and membership chairman are the positions which arc open. The positions are open to any independent student not necessarily a member of PIA, but who will bo able to hold the job for two semesters. Duties Explained Duties of the membership chairman are centered around the annual membership drive, while the political chairman is responsible for organizing political functions and the publicity chairman is to keep the Association’s activities in the eyes of the public. Airangcmcnts and handling of dances are the jobs of the two social chairmen and organization of competitions and tournaments compile the duties of the activities chair-
men.
Beta Sigma Psi . . . social frateiiuty, announces the election of the following- officeis: Bob Saueiman, president; Gene Huebsebman, 1st vice-presi-dent; John Jakiibovie, 2nti vicepresident; Ray Lendrotli, treasurer; Harry Crooks, secretaiy; George Satinveen, rush chairman; William Polstoi, commissary; Russell Iluffington, social chairman; William Polster, athletic manager.
: SPRING OPENING : • Sunday, April 18 I DICK CISNE • and his 1! -piece • orchestra from • Univ. of Illinois • • LADIES • 60c • MEN 75c • TAX PD. • DANCING • EVERY • SUN. ”, NITE
completion for this small, local battle, is the invasion of Europe, whose weather would be exceedingly favorable for such an undertakiAg- at
ON AGAIN, OFF AGAIN that time. It would also give the Sig Ep Bob Sauter, talked his pin Allies some three or four months onto freshman Anna Mae Craig in which to establish a very favorlast Saturday night. When she came able position on the continent. This honfe wearing the little heart all possible invasion thrust around she could gasp was, “Well, I May 1 is giving the Germans-more couldn’t say no.” But by the time worry than the unfavorable Russian Sunday morning rolled around the situation. In fact, the Germans can t affect of his speech must have worn quite figure the strategy of the Aloff because she let lover Sauter go lies, and arc at ,a loss to determine home with his jewlcry and a recent- the place the invasion will take
ly formulated opinion of freshmen, place. X-X-X
SEEING DOUBLE President Roosevelt is starting off One of the most interesting tri- on the light foot in his proposed angles for a long time popped up economic conference in Virginia, the other day in the personage of First he sa5is that newsmen will be newly initiated Theta Chi Bruce prohibited from every meeting exThompson and a couple of D.G.’s, cept the first .and last general connamely Mary Ann Click and Lois ference; then he announces that Reimann. The D^clta Gammas have they will be excluded from all the chosen up sides and arc considering conference. Thi's made Congress
a good out and out cleaii-tip campaign. When asked why he necked two gals in the same house, Thompson merely said, “It’s fun!”
GI.MLETS INCOGNITO PLEDGES
mad and they are now dgmanding that the newsmen not only be allowed to attend the conference but that a joint committee of Senators and Rcpicsentatives be allowed to attend. Befoie you know it, the
Who’s ever seen a ration that whole counti y w dl want to be in at-
Stimmor work for undergraduates in Forest Conservation Service, Noith American Rockies. Sec Professor E. R. Martell for further
details.
Robbins & Mjers, Inc., Springfield, Ohio—Intel csted in E.E., M.E. not eligible for military service. Sign in Personnel Office by Tues-
day, Apiil 20.
Woodward Governor Co., Rockford, 111.—Interested in M.E., E.E. students who have completed three years of engineering training. Sign in the Personnel Office by Tuesday,
April 20.
National Union Radio Corporation, Newaik, N. J.—Interested in E.E., Physicists. Sign in Personnel Office by Tuesday, April 20. Helen Purinton ... a former member of the Home Economics staff, has accepted a position with the Experiment Station at the University of New Ham]i.shire. Mi.ss Purinto.n will receive hei Ph.D. degree at commencement Sunday.
Notice
.^MS Judicial Board announce.s 12:00 a. m. hours for Moiula>,
April 19.
didn’t say something about the Gimlet pledges not carrying their boxes. This yeai it’s different, you can’t even find one with a pot. It’s so bad that the actives have been seen swiping stuff from the Tati Bet’s boxes.
YIPE
The Alpha Chi Rho’s built a kissomotor for their last dance and let it bit around the house for a while afterwards. Two of the boys tried it out the other day and ruined it for good, winch only goes to prove . . . Dr. Steindler Discusses 'Bio-Mecliaiiics' Dr. Arthur Steindler, department of Orthopedic Surgery of the Univet sity Hospital of Iowa State, tvhile discussing “Bio-inechanics” last Monday night in the Physics Building considered a part of the huuiuin body Just like a mechanical engineer considers a piece of metal. Since Dr. Steindlei’s work is in the surgical line, he showed how the center of gravity must be considered in making bone adjustments in the body. The talk was developed around this to))ic generally, explained with technical details.
TODAY-FRI.-SAT.
tendance and nothing will be accomplished except the planning of a similar conference in some desert
.spot in Afiica.
Everything for a College Ediicatinn DEAC’S
ARC
AATNUn KtHNeOV niMKLV eCMCCMFt^VOUUlirY
TODAY thru SATURDAY Brains... L (M N®*' Cunning I
as Ellery Queen as Nikki Porter iMiwnis mUIRYPIlN with Charley Grapewin — and — DON “RED” BARRY in “STAGE COACH EXPRESS”! ALSO
CHAPTER 6 — ALSO — LATEST PATHE NEWS
LyiiA TODAY - FRI. - SAT.
UNITED URTISTS PRESENIS, 4 t t
s
ilhursday, Apnil IS^ 1943
Boilermaker Sports
page $. Ill iii«iiiiii)iiiiii»nii
^asvWll team in
NEED OF PLAYERS
FOR SUMMER TERM
MEET COACH REECEC OF FAMED RIVETERS' WRESTLING SQUAD
Permanent Wave
By Madeline Grotnes
Spring Brings Football Don't be too surprised if you see some of our baseball stars chasing a football around the field as they’re only trying to fit the sport in with the weather. Now that spring football has come to a close “Dutch” Fehring is now back with the squad'. PE 12 To Continue And here’s a nice surprise for all you eds—Chief Clevett has promised to keep the PE 12 course open this summer. We wouldn’t like to see you eds gets out of practice during the summer term.
Our MsaferMentor, C.oxh To Play Intrascfi/ad
Reeck, Who Wrought Riveter Wres1!Hng Te^ms to the top
Game Saturday For Gala Week
► HeMke To Try Again
Elroy Heidke, Riveter’s star performer in the swim pool, will make his second attempt this week to break the world’s record for the 150 yard breast stroke. The performance is open to the public so let’s all get behind Heidke Saturday morning. Riveters To Meet Spartans Saturday the Riveters will travel down to East Lansing, Mich., for the fifst outdoor track meet of the season. The Spartans have had a wondeifUl year in sports and their track team is no exception. ^ Tennis Team Opens Season Larry LaBree’s tennis team was handed a defeat by a squad of veterans from DePauw last Monday. The bad stait is due to the inexperience of the Riveter team but now that they have one game undeiway we can expect more promising results in the future. ^ Golf Team Needed Harry Alspaw, coach of the Boilermaker golf squad, held a callout a couple of weeks ago but as far as veterans are concerned the golf team will be minus their star players. It seems as though the Army wanted them ,too. So far all who have come out aie inexperienced as fai as competition is concerned. So while we’re making a new golf team, let’s
make it a good one.
Participation trophy will be awarded this Saturday following the finals of interfraternity baseball. The fraternities in close running might check up to see how their points average. Patronize Exponent Advertisers
By Barbara Jean pregory
Today we want to tip our hats to Coach Claude Reeck of the wrestling team, who has built a team to deserve the praise of ^ any university in the past six years. When Reeck came to \the University in 1937, therp was not as much as the beginning of a wrestling team, and it seemed that most of the athletes had hardly heard of the sport. Reeck’s job was that of head wrestling coach and assistant freshman football coach at that time and he still retains He never lost a duel match in three the position. Before he came
here, his position was similar
There was a great handicap to
, , • i • i_ 1 O'' ercome this year, as three of the to his present lob only on a t, i -.i ^ ^ . H'8 Ten champions were lost, either
much smaller scale in the Clinton High School, Clinton, la.
by graduation or to the aimed fDices. Fredericks was the only one
His rccoid thdie showed that his of the crown-holders to graduate, pioteges had won 94 per cent of Mickey MacDonald went to Annaptheir encounters in the iing, duiing olis. He was the champ of the 121 the previous nine years. pound class. Mark Matovina, who All-Round Athlete '"-ent into the Air Corps, held the The coach, himself, had quite a pound title and Jim Paratore, lecord dining his high school and varsity wrestlers last college days. He attended Cornell y®nr in the 155 pound class, also College at Mount Vernon, la , and "'®nt into the Aii Corps this year.
La.st week Frank Ruggieri, heavyweight title holder, and “Doc” Eviston went to the National AAU meet in Brooklyn. Frank took second
was a star in both football and wrestling. His high school days w’cie spent iir Osage, la. For two years he was chosen for the all-
lowa State football team, and the place in the heavyweight competi-
basketball all-state team one year. He also played varsity baseball during his school career. , Duiing Recck’s hist two seasons heie he had to spend most of his time organizing, since there was no
t'on, and Eviston captured third place in the 191 iround class. Both Oi these wins were enough to put the Uiniveisity in fourth place rn
the National standing.
Coach Reeck is a jolljr man, who
ioundation lor a wrestling team, iibes to see the PE 12 boys amazed,
when ho can take their exercises
•ARROW-
W-
416
MAIN
See
DEWENTtR'S
416
MAIN
The first competitive season W'as in 1940-41. During that year the team won the Midwest AAU wrestling
fhampionship at Chicago. Tops During ’41-’12 Season
bettor than they can. No matter what the circumstances are, he is always happy and he makes a pleasing impression upon anyone who
“Gosh, they^rr all so swell, Harold, I just carl I decide which one to biiyT There’s more than meets the eye in Arrow Ties— for they're long-wearing as well as handsome! And their special lining helps resist wrinkles and makes perfect knots. (Incidentally, Arrow' ties go especially well with fme-lilting Arrow shirts!) Men ill uniform: See your Arrow dealer for Arrow shirts and lies to go with your uniform. ARROW
SHIRTS • TIES • HANDKERCHIEFS • UNDERWEAR • SPORT SHIRTS i, BUY WAR BONDS AND STAMPS ★
Last year was the best season for happens to meet him. The eds, who the grapplers. They won the Mid- have taken up wrestling as their west AAU at Chicago for the second chosen spoit, adniiic the coach and)
icspeet his woid ami judgment. IM Schedules
BASEBALL
Thursday, April 15
4:15
Diamond 1 Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Kappa Sigma. 2 Delta Upsilon vs. Phi Kappa .Sigma, 3 Delta Tau Delta vs. winner of Alpha Gamma Rho and Phi Kajipa Psi game. Theta Chi vs. winner of Delta Chi and Phi Delta Theta
year, taking five out of eight W'eight classes. Duiing the whole season, only one of the seven matches W'as lost, and that was to Illinois by two points. They were the leadeis of the Big Ten and the champions of the Western Confeience which w'as 1 eld in Chicago. Casey Fi'edeiicks, captain and star oi the team, was the champion of the National AAU as w'ell as champ of the Confeience.
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD |. RISK
— DENTISTS —
Can Supply You with ARROW SHIRTS
WEST LAFAYETTE
You'll love
hy (D \ the perfume that ivhispers ‘'Love me’* Warm, appealing fragrance. The fine, subtle type you like best and men like best on you. It wears ivell Stunning bottle. One ounce, $12.50. Half-ounce, $7.00. Quarter-ounce, $3.75. Perfumes, main floor JmkdL
Track Men Condition On Stadium Oval For First Outdoor Meet April 17; Travel To Lansing To Face Spartans
By Marion Donham
As a part of the Gala Week ac-
tivities this week-end, there will be an intrasquad practice baseball game Saturday at 2^:30 at the field. This will be the first intrasquad
game the team has played. This year’s baseball team, which
is now made up of 37 men, will have quite a decrease at the end of this
Two senior members of the Boilermaker track team will be semester. There are 18 of the playrunning their last race as representatives of the local school in the meet with Michigan State Saturday. These men are Bill leave after this term. . ° ^ , , Eleven men are in either the Navy Bancker and Fred Kinder and they are to be graduated next or Marine Reserves and will be here Sunday. at least part of the summer. 'The In addition to these two, those men who are in the Enlisted other eight players have defer-
ments which will enable them to play through the baseball season.
Promising Players
Coach Fehring believes that the potential ability of the present team is really great. There ate some promising players. By the time the Army gets done, however, there may not be very many left.
Reserve Corps and have already been called to' active duty will also probably be running for the last time with the
Boilermaker squad.
For the past two weeks the Boilermakeis have been hampeied by typical Indiana weather and thus have not been able to get themselves 111 the condition that they should be for their first meet, according to
Coach Herm Phillips.
The men who will go to the Spartan domain and their events are as follows: Bill Bancker, dash and relay; Paul Gutting, hurdles; George Aicher, dash and relay; Chuck Dueslei, distant; Walt Blum, high jump; Fled Kindei, distant; Jim Ashwell, distant; Brice, dash; Susci, shot put and discus; Erickson, distant; Haivey, dash; 'Van Demon, middle distance, and Capehart, re-
lay.
Public Invited To Coeds' Track Meet
Held Next Monday , t There will always be plenty of uni-
Next Monday at 4 p. m. the forms for any men who have ever sanctity of the Fieldhouse will be Splayed baseball, and would want to invaded by an army of women whotgo out for it this summer.fact will attempt to demonsti-ate theirj players may be badly needed before
Heidke Makes 2nd To Break Record
physical prowess. In short, there is going to be an all women’s track meet, and, take notice, eds, the gen eral public is invited to watch the whole affair. Coeds interested participating should sign up m the Women’s Gym sometime before Monday at 4 p. m.
Ihents Listed
Featuied in the meet aie the 5C yard dash, 100 yard dash, relays basketball throw for distance javelin throw, discus throw, higi jump, running broad jump, hof btep jump, and hurdles. Each con
I ry To Break Record testant is limited to entering twe
' track and two field events, other Providing arf added attraction of 'wise the only requirements are tha^ the Gala ■V\''eek piogram for re- each contestant must be a coed, turning alumni, Elroy Heidke, bul- Sponsored By WAA
liant Riveter sophomore swimmer. Sponsored by the WAA, thii will make his second attempt with- track meet is the first of its kmc in a week to break the woild’s rec- to be held at the University. It is Old for the 150 yard breast stroke believed that a progiam of trad at 11 o’clock Saturday moining in meets would help to stimulate the the varsity pool, it was announced coeds’ interest in the more active
today by Coach Dick Papenguth. sports offered by WAA.
The record attempt will be open to jf ^ ^^hei a umni, students, and the general activities may be promoted ir
the futuie. The location of thii
Holds r«o World’s Records meet might be changed due to un Heidke, who already holds the foiseen events, but according to tin r/oild maik foi both the 50 yaid latest infoi’ination it will be held 11 and 50 meter distances, made his the Fieldhouse. Any change o fiist attempt to shatter the 150 plans will bo announced in the no yaid standaid last Monday night tice column of the Exponent, at the fifth annual Galacade, when Casualties Expected he came within three-tenths of a A sinister aspect of the meet i* second of the 1:43.0 maik set by the inclusion of a javelin throw anc Jack Kaslcy, of the Univcisity of discus throw in the events. Th( Michigan scveial years ago. campus will be a dangeious placi Papenguin is convinced that foi the next few days as the conHcidko stands a good chance of add- testants piactice those two events, ing the 150 yaid lecoid to his The Health Seivicc will he be-■-tiiiig The Boileimakei sopho- wildeied by the casualties who are more, who was runner-up for the biought in muttering about javelins Big Ten title and took fourth in ambushing them and discuses dropboth the N.CA.A. and National pjng 11 om the skies, lepoiting that A.A.U championships, has equalled the student body seems to be sufferthe world maik foi 150 yards sev- mg a widespiead neivous breakcial times in practice. down
the season is over. The first regular game will be a double-header with St. Joseph College on May 1, here on the home field. On May 7 and 8 the Boilermakers will play their first conference game of the season. There will be one game each day with Mich-
igan State.
Sixteen Games Scheduled At present there are 16 games scheduled for this season, but Dutch Fehring stated that he had hopes that more games can be added. He says that they will try to play all summer, if they can <eep enough men to make a team. Any other men who want to lome
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. HARDWARE —PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
out for baseball are more than wellome, according to Coach Fehring. [t looks now as though there xvill be a full baseball season. The line-up of players is a very proniising one light now, but the Army will say different soon. At the pitcher’s position are Ed Misselhorn, a letterman from last year; Irving Claseman, a minor letterman; and two sophomores, Ed Timm and Jack Kennedy. Fortunately all these men will be here this summer. The men at catcher’s position are lot so likely to be here for the season because they are all in the ERC. hatching are two sophomores, A1 Sayshich and Bud Pilarski, and a junior who is out for the team for he first time, Bud Pickle. These nen will evidently have to be reilaced after the close of the semes-
ter.
At fiist base are Chuck 'Wi'ight, junior, and Jim Jenniiigs, sophomore. At the second base bag are sophomoies Steve Rudasies and Hank Stram. A major letterman back at shortstop is Bill Burghardt, and also at shortstop will h® senior transfer student. Jack Irmscher. Sophomoies Eddie Ehlers and Bud Hessy are holding down the third base position. The outfielders include Paul Friend, John Chinecviez, and Jack Martin, all of whom will be back. Other outfielders are Nick Nickoloff, Jim Rudasies, and Schmidt.
Patriotic to keep your clothes in good condition. Clean Clothes last longer and our Government wants woolen goods for the armed forces. CROWN Cleaned Clothes are also mothproofed by the Monite Process. Crown Laundry
FINE DRY CLEAI\II\GW
If %
/(rf ' s 1
Pdge 4
Purdue Exponeiit
Thursday^ April 1^9 1943^
Nurse Tells Of Her Service
Ruth C, Irvin Describes Health Service Through 20 Years
Bj G U Bitlcr Miss Ruth C Iivin R N is the only pel son that has seen all the gteat S'! ovi th of the Health Sci vice duiing the past two decades Fob ruarv of this yeai maiked tweiitv jeais foi liei at this institution People on the campus know hei as the giey haired nuise walking the flooi of the Health Seivice oi as “Chief ” Through the cflfoits of Di 0 P Teiiv, who was the lone occupant of the Health Seivice fioni 1912 to 1923, a nuise was obtained to help with the incieasing woik Miss Irvin w^as chosen and she accepted the position without a definite idea of the woik she was to do She was well tiained and had woiked duiing the flu epidemic of the last w ii Di Tein in a lettei to hei said “Being a new line of woil it is im possible to gi\e a vei\ definite outline of lUst what will be lequiied of the one holding the posit on and if you accept the lob I tiiist that vou will come w ith an open mind and we will tl^ to tieat ^ou human ” Cleans Stanle^ Coulter Hall When she came to take the posi tion of nuise she enteied the Health Seivice to find Di Teiiy Viitli an unused bioom plopped be hind his chan She piomptly cleaned the tliiee looms in Stanley Coultei Hall which was then the location of the Health Seivice Hei first one and one half ^eus weie spent as geneial liandMiiaii She assisted the doctoi kept lecoids gave out excuses and acted as janitoi Since she was the second inemboi of the health staff she has seen the giowth and development oi the Health Seivice piacticalli fiom the beginning The Health Seivice space was incieased fiom thieo to eleven looms in Coultei Hall as space was needed She has seen the coming and going of peisonnc! but she IS still piesent although mam have come and gone Dr Miller Came In 1926 Di Millei came in 1426 as As sistant Diiectoi of the Health Sciv ice Aftei Di Teiiv’s death in 19 ,, Di iSiillei was acting Diiectoi loi two ^eals befoie being appointed to the position Although Di Millei has been with the Uim^isitv since 1926, he depends a loi on Chief Within the last six veais one ot “Chief’s’ dieams has come tiue This dieam was of a eei\ modem Health Seivice well located foi the students’ convenience The He ilth Seivice was given a definite amount of space which was thought to be ample when the Executive Build ing was pi ejected and appoition iiient in it was plannc 1 In the stifl The fuinitiue and fixtuios woie planned and pui chased In Miss Il-vin The pioject took weeks of hei spaic time Not Much Leisure “Chief ’ docs not have vciv iiiuth fiee time foi hei self but she al wajs finds time to open up hci house to the student hclpcis She has a Chiistmas paitv cvei \ vcai foi the help as well as othci ji uties
Trainees May Join Fraternities, Enter Competitive Sports
Students in the A.imv r'peciahzed Tiaining Piogiam will be able to I eep 111 touch with college life when fwo new iulm-,& oi the Wai Dep ut II cut ^o into effect the fiist pio Mc’es that ti iinees ma-^ join iiatei nines and the second establishes a piogiam of competitive team spoits within the Specialised Tiaining linits accoiding to a icleasc fiom the Office of W u Infoim ition Inteicollegi ite spoits competition V ill be luled out is the soldiei stu dents w ill not have time to ti am oi paificipate m such events howcvci, the new pio^iam sets the field foi comiietition within the units them selves Team spoits will be limited onl> by the a\ailabilit\ ot equip 11 ent and student inteiest 'aiictv Of Spoils — Suggested spoils include soccei s] cedball touch footliall modified football basketb ill vollevbill and be seball '\.lthou,,h it is expected that much ot the weekly six hoius of phvoical tiainin^ will be devoted to these spoils othci activities will not lie neglected in the jiio^i un Phiee addition il citegoiics de sciibed bj the Wai Dcpiitmcnt as aqu itics comb line ind ^jninas tics ind olist icle com scs uctobc included Lmphisis will be pliccd Oh tl c mil tai\ ispcct loi cxunpie the bieast stiol e lul li ick stiokcs will be stiesscd bcc iiHc of then Vclue 111 CSC ipiim tiom dis isteis it se i Instiu tion in boxiim wie tling nu o tucks nd lough ind tumble fi-,hling lot onlv liclp th^ men loam how to U'-c then lands Icct knees dhows ind held in fi htiim but ^ivcs them i competitive spiiit
dm n„ the veai Ihc stiff ^ocs to hci house loi a ^ood home coo’cd incil ind thin thev do is thev pic ise dm nm the cv cnin She sav s til it ‘'he files to have the vouii-, ])coplc come in and tccl it home Miss Iivin savs she has cnpived hci woik veiv nuic 1 ilthou„h at times it h IS b cn v c i v ti v in,^ on hei ncivcs She now h o student help eis to do the loutinc woil hut she still docs hci sh uc Bv constciit ^ilicivision she sees tint things aie done coiicctl edthough she docs not believe ii siiiiei vision aioiic She bcliev cs th it b\ piLcling in hei self she cm ^cL moji wo 1 ('one
Commerscerraenfr 1200 commencement announce ments will go on sile tomorrow altcinoon it 1 in the tashieis Office f’ncc will be fwo loi five celts ihesc wcie oiclcied ifter the siipplv ot piogiams was ex haiistecl
Ciery branch nf the Aimed Sen ices mei the hlejihone One of a sctiei, Submaune
Five thousand inilcs iruin lioinc Bill —- Torpccloin in — is keeping i date Weeks of waiting, clays of watching, hours of hiding under the sea ill for ihc moment when he reports over his waitimc telephone, in the kind of woilcl you re fighting for
"All tubes read), sir' Tlieie 11 be othei dates, Bill — bettei ones-
Western Etectrk “ Ifesur I nrAPr entmpr nr n.inmc/ i-rtn -ri.r. Ik .
IN PEACE SOURCE DE SUPPLY TOR THE BELL SYoTfM j p®' IN WAR arsenal or COMMUNICATIONS EQU PMENT. '
GRINlAMEt BEAR.it
B^Lichty I Gala Banquet
Placement Notes For Women Ml Eail B Aichibalcl, Dnectoi ot Peibonncl, Leai Avia, Inc, I^iqua, Ohio, has wiittcn foi women tiaiiied in cnginceiing chawing, foi those also tiainecl in mathematics ind science foi woik in their Test Laboiatoiy Call 2955 if inteiested Mis Giace A Smaitt, managei. Canyon Inn McCoimick’s Cieek Cc nyon State Paik, Spencei, Indiana needs gnls foi summoi woiK Chicago Commons, 955 West Gland Avenue, Chicago, 111 , is a social settlement desiiing gnls foi summet woik Jobs aie working with childien and pays boaid and loom plus a small cash allowance vVn-i one inteiested should get in touch immediately with Placement Seivice foi Women (2955) Mis J Z Stout in dial go—tea looms, William S Block and Company, Indianapolis Indiana, has lust telcphonecf to say that she needs a supeivisoi in pastiy and one to take chaige of the cleaning and dish loom It vou aie interested, will you w 1 ite hei immedi ately and let me know that you aie applying If you do not cue to dp ply and have accepted othei emliloymeiit I shall ilso appieciate he iiiiif, tiom VOU E R Bilhngs Sixth U S Civil Seivice Re.,ion Repiescntative, loom 9 Post Office Bldg , Lafay ettc Indian 1 will inteiview women college giaduate^ Satuiday and Mondiv Apiil 17 and 19 tiom 9 a m to 5 p m Apiilications w ill be accepted toi Tiainee Tiaffic Con Liolleis (Aiiwav and 4iipoit) foi tiainnif, in Chicago Salai\ ot $150 ])ei month plus 21 jiei cent ovei time while tinning with excellent ]iiomotional oppoitiimtios upon completion ot coiiise Ti lining st uts between Apiil 13 and May 15 I 01 women wnh one veai oi more college vvoil and a high school ca 1 eei iiicludin., subjects of matlie matics ind/oi phv&its ano/oi ehemistiv qiplie itions will be ac coj tc 1 foi tixunin,, it Puidue Llni vcisit) Most Lafrvettc Indiana, bt.,innin-, M iv nd S ilai v $120 pel month while tiaining and piomotion il quilified to 'SI 620 i veai plus 21 pel tenf ovoif line loi dutv in Au eiait Radio Laboiatoiy Wiight I leld Davton Ohio Do not apply it eng iged in w u woik at equal oi
..,1 c itei skill
Ihc Youii.., Momens (hiistiin Associiti n of Si^iniw Michi an h IS vac me ICS o i then c imp stifl in eliding connselois loi swimming indspoit eimpciafts ind woods, il nui'ic ml evening piogiaiiis Anv 111'^ inteiested should get in touch inimcdi ite V with Pluemcnt Seivice till M omen (293j) Loi ap jilic tion bl ml s Goodvc Aiici it Cfipoiition VI 101 Ohio ai noLinccs junioi en .,111 Clin c ille e ti iinin., piogiim toi woniin lieginn n Juno 1 and continuin Joi sm months Tt will be given it selectc I aecieditcd engi nee in„ insututions Applicants niUot have successlullv completed elemental V colle,,e mallic m ities in eludin al ebi i md geonietiy must jiass phvsicil ex unin ition and must hive i goo 1 scholastic leeoicl 1 iiilion I 00111 md lio u d vv ill be paid bv the coipoi itioii in addition to i
(Continued from page 1) house will be held at the home of President and Mis E C Elliott At noon there will be the annual Loyalty Luncheon at which certificates will be presented by President Elliott to the members of the classes of ’78, ’83, ’88, ’93, ’98, ’OJ, ’08, ’13,
and '18
Reports indicate that Adam Wallace, of West Lafayette, class of ’78, will be the oldest class representative on campus He will be among the guests of honor at the Loyalty Luncheon Commencement Ends Week Gala Week activities will be climaxed by the spring^ commencement exercises which will be held in the Hall of Music at 2 30 p m Approximately 350 bachelor and 35 advanced degrees will be conferred at the exercises
Machine Design Courses • All drawers in disks In drawing rooms must be vacated and left unlocked by April 21 It will bi necessary to remove equipment left after that time The department cannot be responstolo for caUmment so remoVed —AULT
Skull and Crescent Special formal initiation and licction of new officers tonight at 7 30 in the Union towel Bring information on the past Work of the organization -HINES
Agriculturist Meeting of ail Agriculturist workers Wednesday at 4 p m Bo sure to come Impoitant —.DUESLER
Mortar Board There will be a meeting in llu AWb Oltice today at 4 p m -LAUEB
AU Women s Track Meet Meet will bo held Monday at 4 p m in Fieldhousc All people inteiested should sign up in Women s Gym Ob soon as possible GOFF
Student War Council Meeting tomorrow it 7 30 p m in Student Senate All members of the War Council and new members that will take their place should be there We will seleet the new president ot the War Council -AUGSBUBGEE
Cary Hall Men Who have lived in Units A or B during the last year and who have not had tliiii picture taken tor the Debris should he in front of South Hall Friday at 12 30 •—CARDONA
MT 6 and MT 7 Students Rcpoit to Uni\iisity Casliiei and draw uniform commu talion money which is available Be sure md get this money before you leave the University —BROWN
Notices
AVRH North Debris picture at 12 o clock todiv for all girls who missed the picture Jaat Saturday Pictur twill bt taken in front of Wood Hall —RICHARDSON
Skull and Crescent Ntw initiatts who ha\c not paid initiation fee must do s) at once — KING
WRH Wood Pictures for the Debris will In taken today btartinp at 12 25 m front of the hall RICHARDSON
Tau Beta Pi Shingles for summer class aic available See Seddon at 860 SE Caiy Hall I all clabfa see St Clair at Inangle house for their shmgks —SEDDON
Cary Hall Associate Members Debris plot ire of ill associate members will be taken Fiiday at 12 40 in front of South Hall RICHARDSON
"JNow, left, stop looking at each othei so hungrily, gentlemen —even if we are the onh names left in this board ”
Camera Club Thost who had pieturts in the exhibit may git them at the west desl HAYWARD
Cary Hall All men who missed Dcbn» pictures Monday or Tuesday may get in pic* luu to be taken 1 iida> at 12 25 RICHARDSON
University Calendar
All Women Students If >ou hav< not s
Classified
cuiod an activitiob sheet from the AWS office please get one fill it out and return it to the office immediately MURPHY
Thursday, April 15
Tau Beta Pi Impoitant business meeting immediately aftei initiation Thursday April 15 Must know wheie memb is will b next faLmestei —WLNDEI L
Ads
3 00 P M Scieen Review 4 00 P M T<ui Beta Pi Initiation 1 00 P M Zouave Picnic 6 00 P M lau Beta Pi Banquet 6 00 P M Pi Tau Sigma
Hall of Music Room 355, Union
W Faculty Lge , Union L Faculty Lge , Union
Sigma Delta Cm Initiate? PleiiM sec Wolf md paj >oui fees is soon as possible SO that \(u cm Ic tnrilled in the natiinal lectrd The list amII mt be sent in i ntil all have paid WOLI
Typenritcra Adding machines all makes sold rented repaired and purchased Mimeo* graph work done C J Ebershoff, 606 Main* Lafayette Phone 2'"''9
Cfevett Expands Intar-Frat Baseball
Bv Betsv MeSnerclc Chief Clevctt head ot the intia miiial depaiiment vesteidav ex paneled the piesent intciiiateinity baseball playoffs ovci one bundled pel cent It seems tint this ycai the baseball lacc was consideiablv closei than it has been pi eviously Altei the foui elimination games vveie played thcic lemained six un defeated teams and nine teams with a single loss on then seoieboaid So Chief put the two classes oi teams into two biael ots and the contest goes on This way theie is moie oi i eh inec foi the eunin„ ot paitieijii tion poll ts that now a e veiy im poitant in the lapidly eoi eluding inteifiateinity paiticipation con test Following IS i lostci ot the teims 1 emailing in the plavoft Undefeated tean s—L im ida Chi Alph i vs Kappa Sigma Phi Gam ma Delta Bve Alpha Gamma Rho vs Phi Kappa Psi Delta Tau D( Ita, Bve
learns with one defeat—Delta Chi vs Phi Delta Theta, Winnei Delta Chi Phi Delta Iheta vs Theta Chi, Delti Upsilon vs Phi Kappa Sigma Acacia vs Beta Theta Pi, Pi K ippa Alpha vs Sigma Alpha ^Li 01 Sigma Phi Epsilon Tl !s aiiangement has been made with tl G plan of completing the schedule befoie this Satuidav at which time the Paiticipation tiophy will be aw aided
A M 21 and 22 Makeup Txams Coiuli tonal ixnms will be held on "VltTido April '’0 m loom 10^ He ivilon Hall fn m 8 to 11 a m -SANDERS
Money to Loan On diamonds watches, guns luggage typewriters Alberts Loan OlTicc 40< Columbia
Wanted—Stu ients to dtlivei:* Purdue Exponent Apply Exponent ofTicc or call R H, Ki icplinc 81^1
Zouaves IheiicniLfii I hursdav has bt ii cilkd r IT Can git icfunds it any tf th icgulai metting this TuLsdaj Wtdn day and Ihuisday at 1 p m CROSS
lost Girls Im raincoat tan silk lining CintiiiRd r 111 v f prescription lens «un ss I o I it DicUichs March 27 Call Mabd 309*’
roresters Ficl 1 d i> Situidi> A) i I 1 in th( wo d bick of Ih btadi m Fvont stall at W itch foi a notice t n th< b ilktin board WKAVFH
Male roommate needed ti keep good room. Desperate Cill Dick 71831
All Science Seniors Pli as e ill it Dtin Lndcr olTiet this wtcK without f iil W nave some inloim ition th it must 1 h mded u It LNDIRS
Wanted—Will p iv e ish for desk model r idio Call J lek Phone 51581
No Penalty Days
Eta Kappa Nu Ban luet at '' 30 I ii 1 ij Api 1 I( It th id Chestnut lo m f the Unioi lverybod> bring the i appetite PELiOSALO
For Rent—huiniKled ipartment two looms bath piivate entrance continuous hotwattr itilit ts finnished Students preleir d 131 I’lci e Strt t
Students are expected to attend all classes on Monday and luesda) \piil 19 and 20 Hovvevei, jnanv will be involved in \imy and Kavv examinations of one SOI t 01 another, some who live on taims will be expected to help with the sprin., planting others will be observing religious holi davs Since there aie no I’LISVLIY D YV & this teim and the Dean of Men s olliee is not in vo'ved With the granting of excuscj ibscnces from classes during the lemaindei ot the term must be arranged between the student and the instructor in volvtd —GOLDSMIlll
Scabbard end Blade I ict i I i! n I 1 <l 1 t lu sup r All u 1 w mt T nnts 0 cents per set me innudintilv T vtiv r wis in the i leti i IIECKARD
Completely furnished '' looms neni cam- ) i 1 r t \o m i th IV ulablt about May 1 Cill ! 031
I ost on campus k \ use and fivi keys bdorging I C I Wolf Reward I hone Itt 1 311 1
Buy War Bonds
Double rooms m I tu loom apartment for n xl emesttr 401 Stat Phont 254j
lost—Coiduiov rtversjblt coat first of k K vvarl Phoiu 46803 Alvin
F. R. Eastwood
cash illotmont Occh month lop lesontdtive will be on the campus in thev Cl) non tutiueto inteiview inteiested studi nts iVnjone intei ested should call I 1 lecmcnt Sei v 1^,0 foi Women (2955) it once
oi the Univcisity depaitmcnf ot Physical Lducation was one ot the piincipal speakeis heio today al the vv u tunc clinic on health and im'ustn sponsoicd by the National Association ot Manut ictuieis
S7 RAUSS SA\S !1 S ONI DA\ M ARIR VIClOR\
by Helena Rubinstein
Use these four famous make up essentials to paint a portrait of YOU that IS perfect and lovely in every detail ^
Town & Country Make-up Film Exquisite foundation to keep your make up flawless 1 00,1 50
Helona Rublnitein LIpatlek*... Glorious colors, lustrous texture, lasting freshness. 1 00,1 50.
Helena Rubinstein Face Powder In two sperial blends for dry and oily skin. 1 00, 1 50, 3 50
Waterproof Mascara...Makes lashis look longer, darker. Smudge proof, run proof 1 00. Scl, 1 50 J, \ PrUa mijtcHo tax
JOHN SMITH
jot i nd in hthalf of I S/iniiw d Co , Ind aniilndn, Induuiii —
Wdl hs ni tin loithi Ilohi lodii) — (Ihutida's \lnil 11) d/s (dll's in Niuid Unifoi/ns iindii Ihi Niiiid Offuas Unifoiin Phin I S/id/nv u Co Ini —/s OIK (j Annutas fiw n/iit! s/ons — alijiouilid to jiiisinf Unifoiius iindi; thi Nin id Finn Ih/s thui fioint loojnuilioii —biliLiiii thi Nai j, Miiniifiii tinn iind Mm hunt — fin nuts u stand md of ()UA] 11 Y — and a hiisi of VAIUI — thui no olhu anan^i mini sums iihh to iiuom jd/sl)'
PS A iomj)lili iii/alo^iii of Un Naial Offuiis Un/foim Plan on iiijiiist
L. STRAUSS & CO., Im. THE MAN’S STORE
(
-but mother—all he does is sit there and smoke his Sir Waltei Raleigh!'
Bl CIU led Ik )iu ehiiiee KLiilueky Inuless, Sii VV dlej Raleigh is cxtia imid—bums cool —willi i cleli„li(lul aioiii 1 all ilSovvii 11)' ihe qu ditv liqie tub letu ol Ameiica ”
SIR WALTER RALEIGH PIPE TOBACCO Smokes as sxvect as it smells