I
» - f y^.-:; , ^. .ft ir% ,, '^#*511
<
^ < iT"f rWi
.■^4
"* t-f
the p ^ r d u e Exponent
VOLUME FORTY-NINE
Lafayette, Indiana, Thursday, September 23, 1937
NUMBERS
Freshman Ags To Represent Purdue At National Show John Stewart and Willard Bainbridge, fres^hmen in the school of agriculturd, will be on the 4-H Club dairy judging team which will represent the state of Indiana at the National Dairy Show to be held at|!i^ Columbus, 6., October 9. Earl Barnes of Greensburg is the third
member of the team.
The state will also be represented by a demonstration team consisting of Eugene Thomas and John Carson from Liberty, 'They will demonstrate on the subject, "Practical Milk Cooling Tank for the In-
diana Farm,”
The dairy judging team was selected to represent the state at the Indiana State Fair judging contest in which they won first. The demonstration team won first place a,t the state contest h^ld at the 4-H club roundup here at the University last June. J. C. Ralston, assistant state club leader, and W. 0. Mills, University field man, will represent Purdue at the National Dairy Show. Mae Masten, also assistant club leader, will aid in the judging of
Shorn Of Their Uppermost Adornment^ Melancholy Seniors Face Obscurity
By D. Paarlberg
Some 200 senior heads, sWollen to abnormal dimensions by their owners’ recent advancement to the senior status, will go unadorned at the Senior Day festivities incident to the Butler game on Saturday. For all the derbies are sold Out. There’s not a derby in the whole of Lafayette; the last one went over
the counter two days ago. Send Frantic Telegrams
Frantic telegrams to New York, Cinciilnati, Baltimore, and Chicago have failed to.raise a new supply. Closets are being ransacked, alleys are being searched, but the situa-
tion remains acute,
"I don’t know how we made the mistake,” said a Lafayette merchant last night. “We ordered about the same number of pants and derbies, and now we’re out of derbies
ASME Meets Tonight With Underclassmen
Sophomores and freshmen are especially invited by those in charge to attend this year’s first
the demonstrations which have to (meeting of the A. S. M. E. tonight
do with the consumption of dairy
products.
The coaches of the two teams will also accompany the boys. Debate Board Meets; Squad Shows Promise At a meeting of the forensic board yesterday, activities for the year were discussed and a definite program outlined. The varsity debate squad gives promise for a good year in spite of the loss of two stellar performers. Bob Royster and Dick Petticrew. These two men had the unusual distinction of never having been defeated during their three years of competition in a conference debate. Remaining from last year’s varsity squad are Robert Sasser, Robert Buckles, Joe Rittenhouse, and Wayne Fredericks. Mary Wien, Elizabeth Maier, Alberta Thelen, Virginia Sidwell, Armesther Singer, and Charlotte Lochner remain from last year’s co-ed debate squad. This year’s conference debate schedule has been increased over last year’s schedule, debates being held in November, December, February, March, and April. A complete schedule of the year’s forensic activities, awards, trophies and program will be announced very
shortly.
REGISTRATION PAY CHECKS Persons who worked for the Registrar during the fall registration may obtain their pay checks by calling at the Registrar’s office. R. B. STONE, Registrar.
at 7:30 in room 108 of the Meehan ical Engineering Building. W. B. Wolverton, chairman, will introduce as speakers: Dean Potter, Prof. J. D. Hoffman, Prof. L. V. Ludy, and several of the new faculty members. After the meeting, cider and doughnuts will be served in the mechanical laboratory. Features of the A. S. M. E. tentative 1937-38 program include lectures, motion pictures, and inspec-
tion trips.
Camera Club To Have Open Meeting For All Devotees Of Amateur Photograpliy Camera Club members will hold an open meeting tonight at 7 p. m. in room B of the Memorial Union Building, to which they invite all students, eds or co-eds, interested in photography. A short business meeting will take place in order to decide about some new equipment and other plans being made for the year. Following the business meeting Chuck Ehinger. Debris editor, will outline an arrangement for the Camera Club to secure pictures for the Debris. The club will sponsor several exhibits during the year, including a display of commercial photographs in the music room, a trade exhibit with the Indiana University Camera Club, and a display of photographs entered in the two annual contests sponsored by the club. The club also has access to a dark room and offers instruction to any of its members who do not know how to use one.
Organic Students, Rest Your Minds! Nightmare Of Compounds Is Condensed
Mysteries of organic chemistry, with its more than a quarter million carbon compounds, have been lightened by the new handbook “An Outline of Organic Chemistry” by Prof. E. F. Degering of the University chemistry department, the late Prof. R. E. Nelson, and J. R. Harrod of Ohio University. Taking of prolific notes will become unnecessary with the use of the new book, which is not a text, but a supplement to the text. Many students in organic chemistry have been accustomed to take extensive notes in order to “get” the instructor’s thought, and in so doing, they have lost the real significance of the course. The adoption of the handbook is a step toward the abandoning of note-taking. The book first appeared in mim-
eographed form, and was distributed to assistant editors, who made corrections and criticisms after using it in their classrooms for a year. Material is available for both beginning and advanced students. Another feature is the quick reference to other standard textbooks. Other Purdue men who assisted in the preparation of the book are Dr. H. B. Hass, head of the chemistry department; Dr. R. C. Cprley, also from the department; Dr, H. R. Kraybill, of the agricultural chemistry department; Prof. R. N. Shreve, of the school of chemical engineering; and Prof. Paul Sidwell, of fhe English department. A number of commercially employed chemists also contributed to the book.
and still have got 100 pair of pants left. This senior class is built different than any Other I ever saw. It always came out even before. There’s not a wholesaler in the entire country that can fit this year’s crop of senior^.” Underclassmen Add Hazard As an added hazard to the senior dignity, underclassmen planned a wholesale theft of the senior cords, threatening to complicate the already tense clothing situation. It looks as if the class of ’38 will set some new styles on Senior Day. To Admit Seniors In Cords Free At Mixer Wearing a pair of cords and possessing a passport, any senior may be admitted to the annual senior cord dance, Saturday night from 9 till 12, in the Memorial Union Building. Making their debut on this campus, Lou Schilling and his orchestra will play for the affair. Shades Of The Gay Nineties! Co-eds To Go In For Knitting By Mary Davis Knit one . . . purl two . . . drop one . . . Help wanted! And help is on its way to the knitwits on the campus: help in the person of Miss Helen Jacot, knitting expert from Loeb and Hene’s. She will assist in unraveling the difficulties of all knitters who enter the class which will be formed in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building tonight at 7:15 p. m. An alluring feature for the mqre experienced of Ihe knitting “click” will be a contest for choosing the article of the highest sales value. No one can lose—someone will win; besides, knitting helps on those dreary nights when nothing ever happens. Playshop Staff Aspirants To Register In Union Today Designers, electneians, sound effects men, carpenters, painters, makeup artists — everybody and anybody—will have an opportunity to find the proper sphere of activity by registering for Playshop this afternoon at desks at the head of the stairs on the second floor of the Union Building, Chairmen of the six committees on which positions are available will be stationed at the desks to explain the type of work their divisions offer, Stage (set building), makeup, properties, art (designing and the painting of sets), lights, and costumes were the committees listed by G. E. Glover, production manager of Playshop. Production and business staffs will be formed from persons who sign up this week. No previous work experience is required for the Playshop workers. Prospective staff members will arrange work schedules with the heads of committees. Playshop work will begin next week. Hippensteel, Ch. E. '21 Dies Of Heart Ailment Claude L. Hippensteel, Ch. E. ’21, on the technical staff of the Bell Telephone laboratories, died Monday at Mountainside Hofepital in Montclair, N. J. He had been ill with a heart ailment since May. Hippensteel was a member of Delta Upsilon fraternity. His widow, the former Miss Edith Neihardt, is a sister of Mrs. Floyd B. Lux of West Lafayette. The body will be returned to the home of Hippensteel’s parents in Peru, where funeral services will be held today.
Maj. Griffiths Comes Here Tomorrow To Headline Big Pep Session Program
'Pop' Doan Will Be Master Of Ceremonies At Season's First Rally In Reidhouse At 7:30; Parade, Bonfire
All Co-eds Invited To Skull And Crescent's Annual Freshman Hop Co-eds from all classes will be admitted to the annual freshman dance sponsored by Skull and Crescent, sophomore honorary, at the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building tomorrow night. The extra girls are necessary to make up for the deficiency of freshmen co-eds. Only men from the freshman class will be admitted and must show their “passports” at the door. Officials promised adequate policing to keep out gate-crashing upperclassmen. The dance is informal. All fraternity presidents and the P. I. A. president have been invited. Bud Bryant will play from 9 until 12. Freshmen are guests of Skull and Crescent and the Student Union at this annual affair. Speech And Psychology Departments Combine To Present WBAA Program Station WBAA inaugurated a new radio program Tuesday, a program of particular interest to parents, entitled “You And Your Child,” The program, which goes on the air three times each week, Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, at 2:30 p. m., is conducted by variotis members of the psychology department in conjunction with the new speech clinic and laboratory of the speech department. Doctors 0. C. Trimble, C. L. Morgan, and Harriett O’Shea will speak on the latest methods of child training and home teaching that may be adopted for use in the home. Dr. Knight, new head of the department of applied psychology, will conclude this series of broadcasts designed for parents and children. In addition to these discussions, on alternate days a program will originate in the newly constructed and enlarged speech clinic. During this program, M. D. Steer, of the speech department, will conduct actual experiments on the problems arising from childrens’ speaking qualities. Musk Club To Organize In Union Building At 4 Students interested in the Music Room Club, a music appreciation group being organized by the Student Union, will meet at 4 p. m. tonight, instead of 7:30 as was erroneously stated in yesterday’s Exponent, in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building. During the meeting copies of an outline showing the plans for the music room activities will be distributed and suggestions concerning the program for the year will be in-
vited.
Activities planned for the club include a weekly exhibit, featuring two well-known composers each week, to be displayed in the music room. These exhibits will contain books, articles, and material of that sort concerning the featured musicians. Other plans include talks by various members of the faculty ^nd open discussions concerning music.
EXPONENT STAFF MEETING There will be a mebting of all members of the editorial staff of the Exponent, including freshmen, at 4 o’clock Friday, September 24 in room E of the Union Building. —BROCK.
By L. S. Hardin
Major iohn L. Griffiths, Big Ten commissioner of athletics, will greet students and townspeople when Boilermakers assemble for the season’s first pep session tomorrow night in the Field House. Announcement that Major Griffiths will be on hand was made following Harry Schilling’s long distance phone call to Griffiths at his Chicago office last evening. C. S. “Pop” Doan, genial ticket sales manager, ^11 handle the introductions in the role of master of ceremonies at this initial celebration which is scheduled to start at 7:30 o’clock.
Major Griffiths, prominent in athletic circles for a great number of years, was present at the huge loyalty meeting staged here at the onset of last year’s season. Brought through the efforts of Harry Schilling and other alumni, he comes back to assume the keynote posi-
tion at this first rally.
Assembling in the village under the direction of Gimlet and Reamers, athletic booster organizations, students will parade to the Field House for the yells, songs, and pep talks. In true Boilermaker style, a bonfire will blaze forth its pep session announcement from atop the hill back of Ross-Ade Stadium. Not only is this the first pep session of the year, but it is also the first time that the Field House has been used for a mass meeting—at least since its dedication last May. Yet, when students gather there tomorrow night, it will be to prepare for Butler—a pigskin cbmpetitor
for the last 60 years.
WRH Girls And Cary Hall Men Hold Picnic Approximately 250 girls from the Women’s Residence Halls and 320 men from the Cary Halls and annex gathered at the picnic held on the WRH grounds yesterday evening from 4:30 to 7:30. To help make new acquaintances, the picnickers were divided into groups of 25, everyone wearing the distinguishing insignia of his or her group. After supper, there was dancing in the recreation room of the south hall, and games—including the new rage “pick up sticks,” ping pong, checkers, and chess—^in the social room of North hall. Faculty members invited were President and Mrs. Elliott, Dean and Mrs. M. L. Fisher, Dean Dorothy C. Stratton, Mr. and Mrs. R. B. Stewa^, Miss Clare Coolidge, and Miss Ruth Houghten.
CHANGES OF ADDRESS Students who have changed their addresses since reg^istration, please report such changes to the Registrar’s office if they have not done so. R. B. STONE, Registrar.
Concert Choir To Sing At Music Room Opening On Sunday Members of the Concert Choir will sing for the formal opening of the music room of the Memorial Union Building at 4 o’clock next Sunday afternoon. This concert will be the first of a series featuring campus, local, and other musicians The Concert Choir rehearsed for five days from Sept. 6 to Sept. 10 at Battle Ground, where they leased the Hotel Marshall. The program included repertoire study, part rehearsal, directing classes, and group singing as well as recreation and manager sessions. Mr. and Mrs. Albert P. Stewart chaperoned the group. Because of this preseason rehearsal, the choir is prepared to give a concert this early in the year. Those who have been selected to sing in Concert Choir for the 1937-
38 season include:
Sopranos: Martha Whitehead, Iva Swaynie, Alberta Schmadel, Jime Conklin, and Ruth Renfroe. Altos: Jo Friend, Rosemary Skinner, Katherine Shearer, Frances Ford, and Betty McKee. Tenors: Paul Worcester, Harold Schulte, Don Bowden, Robert Caskey, Walter Wagner, and Leonard
Raftree.
Bass: Van Coddington, John Phillips, Raymond Ziegler, Charles Powell, and Bill Work. Richard Thornton will accompany the choir, and Paul Worcester is acting as manager this year. Rehearsal will take place at 4 o’clock this afternoon in Eliza Fowler Hall. j. C. Kase Accepts Position With Forestry Department J. C. Kase, of Sunbury, Pa., a 1929 graduate of Mount Alto, Pa., school of forestry, and for the last two years in charge of upland and farm game management plantations and research work at the state forest there, has been named on the forestry staff at the University to teach the courses in game management and to handle experimental work in this field. He succeeds Edwin B. Steen, who has resigned to continue Studies for his doctor's de-
gree.
CarefreeChumsMakeSmashing?Debut OverAirlanes; Comment Undetermined
By G. A. Torrence, Jr. “School days, school days,” crooned 15 of our more dignified upperclassmen as they traipsed naively into studio A of our own radio station WBAA. Teacher Alice Parlon courageously led the little band in their choral offering as they gathered around the mike. Tragically enough, a neighboring high school was supposed to furnish the talent among its own group. For reasons undisclosed to this writer the aforementioned group failed to appear; consequently. Miss Parlon was left holding the traditional sack, inasmuch as she wa? to announce the program.
Poor Alice—after a frantic search she managed to round up eight Beta’s, three Sig’s, and four of her own Theta sisters. You can have no idea of what a touching scene these sweet childreu made as each in turn talked into the mike. Alice would spell a word and each protege would attempt the pronunciation, each one taking the place of a missing high school student. The substitution was a huge success. Letters are already pouring into the studios (it is rumored). How^ ever, the rumor did not intimate whether the consensus of comments was favorable or unfavorable.Wt
I
^f-i
» f i'i
i.!'
§■':■
If.
5 mmM
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, September 23, 1937
the Purdue Exponent
Founded in 1889
m tn otw ^geciatrd goU^iate 91^^^
RBPRHSBNTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National AdvertisingService, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. •CHICAGO * Boston - Los anocles - San Francisco
Editorial Phone 6037 Campus Subscriptions $3 per year
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street Lafayette, Indiana
Business Phone 6088 Mail Subscriptions $3.60 per year
EDiTOR-IN-CHIEF
R. P. Manion
This newspaper ig written, edited, and published hy undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief. Editorial Staff managing editor. ...J. E. Brock ASSOCIATE EDITORS. D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS.... L. C. Farquhar, G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. L. Olson, B. T. Loveridge, G. A. Torrence, A. B, Keller, R. J. Deckard, D-.^^Paarl-berg, G. J. Tafel, D. G- Terrio, J, C. Woodson. Co-ed Staff CO-ED EDITOR ...Elizabeth Pyke ASSOCIATE EDITORS .Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee. SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS..............Mary Davis, Patricia Heine, Patricia Henry, Alice Martens, Yvonne Price, Mildred Ross, Emily Sawdon, Georganne Schilling, Helen Steffee, Katherine Thrasher, Betty Wickard, Joan Wimboroush.
BUSINESS MANAGER ...... D. C. Miller Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana,'under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Business Staff ASSISTANT BUSINESS MANAGER J. P. Girard Local Advertising Staff LOCAL ADVERTISING MANAGER.— R- R- Hensler SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS E. A. Antohini, W. A. Beman, V. R. Daugherty, H. R. Gingher. National Advertising Staff NATIONAL ADVERTISING MANAGER W. J. Gillilan SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS - -J. R. Fonts, J. R. Drever, H. W. Nevin. Circulation Staff CIRCULATION MANAGER M. C. Reeves SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS -...W. F. Berg, R. L. Lippman, O. E. Lorenz, W. E. Smith. Sports Staff SPORTS EDITOR - R. F. Obenehain ASSOCIATE EDITORS.. J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer. ' SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS ...G. W. Bruer, C. W. Brown, J. Collins, W. ;H. Murray, W. F. Qualls, J. A. Hebbeler.
NIGHT EDITOR..
SEPTEMBER,. 22, 1937 .D. R. Vance ISSUE EDITOR.
...................K, C. Houston
EXPONENT PLATFORM 1. Improve student housing conditions. 2. Promote student honesty on tests and final examinations and in the preparing of laboratory reports. 3. Stimulate the University instructional staff to better teaching methods. Make Yourselves At Home For years Purdue has prided herself on her campus “No Smoking” tradition. She prided herself because very few other colleges had a similar tradition-—^because the tradition was unique. And while the University was upholding the no smoking custom—while the various student groups were doing their part in promoting the tradition—^she was also increasing her services to citizens of Indiana and to persons from over the entire nation, and yearly bringing to the campus thousands of persons who could scarcely be expected to give up smoking during their visit here, es-.
pecially since most of them were unaware of the tradition. Each year some 25,000 to 30,000 persons outside the regular student body, come to the campus for one to several days to take advantage of Purdue’s extra public services. Business incomers and friends of students and faculty swell the count of campus visitors. This is no convent where strange customs can be observed throughout. Instead of glorying in outmoded, unobserved traditions, let us establish a reputation in things of which we may rightly be proud. Let us make Purdue noted for her extra services available to the public . . . let us make Purdue famous for her teaching staff and methods. We want campus visitors to feel and to act as if they were at home. We are not going to place a Gimlet, Reamer, or Skull and Crescent man on every sidewalk to ask the strangers to put away their cigarettes or their pipes. And if we try to make visitors comfortable and at ease should we not also make the University students feel at home?
By Mary Cooley “Joe College” is slipping. Virgil D. Earl, dean of men at the University of Oregon, declared that the type of student whose behaviour made life miserable for deans and administrators, is now as extinct as freshman hazing and other features that distinguished campus life a few
years ago.
Evidence of this change in atti tude of students lies in the fact that out of 600 students licensed to drive cars on that campus last year, less than a dozen had to forfeit this privilege for reasons of poor schol arship or infraction of university
regulations.
Dean Earl’s observation is supported by 0. L. Rhinesmith, the “campus cop,” who remarked, “It is no longer fashionable to break rules for the fun of it. There is a reserve and dignity among students that did not exist a few years ago.”
s}c ?{c ^
Yesterday in English class— Professor: “Take this sentence: ‘Let, the cow be taken out of the lot.’ What mood ?” Frosh: “The cow.” Barney Wilcox, 19-year-old student at Michigan College of Mines and Technology, got lost on Isle Royale when a group of Michigan Tech students took a week-end jaunt. He was first missed when the members of the party returned to their launch after a shore trip. Four days later Wilcox was found on the Isle by members of the Civilian Conservation Corps.
* * * *
“Oh’s and ah’s” arose when the first co-ed in our beginners’ bowling class made a strike. “My mother met my dad in a bowling alley,” she explained.
REGULAR SOFTBALL SCHEDULE
—TODAY—4:15— Diamond 1— ^Triangle ys. Delta Chi. 2— Acacia vs. Lambda Chi Alpha 3— Delta Tau Delta vs. Sigma Alpha Mu 4— Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Pi Kappa Phi 5— Xi vs. Phi Kwpa Sigma I
6— Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon 7— Phi Kappa Tau vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon 8— Phi Pi Phi vs. Kappa Sigma 9— Beta Theta Pi vs. Phi Gamma Delta 10— Faculty vs. Alpha Chi Rho 11— -Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Alpha Gamiha Rho 12— Delta Upsilon vs. Sigma Pi 18—Sigma Nu vs. Sigma Chi 14— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Phi Kappa . 15— Theta Chi vs. Phi Delta Theta 16— Phi Kappa Psi vs. Theta Tau. 17— Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Kappa Delta Rho 18— Alpha Tau Omega vs. Beta Sigma Psi STANDINGS NATIONAL LEAGUE
Local Ads
Won
Lost
Pet.
New York
86
54
.614
Chicago
85
58
.594
St. Louis
78
66
.541
Pittsburgh
76
67
.531
Boston
72
71
.503
Brooklyn
61
83
.416
Philadelphia
........ 57
86
.328
Cincinnati
56
86
.323
STUDENTS — Grab this offer quick. Three brand new portable typewriters for only $15.00 each. Investigate. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street. East Side.
FOR RENT — Half of double room. 224 N. Salisbury. Phone 61774.
FOR RENT—Room for one or two boys. Twin beds, $12 each. 214 W. Columbia street. West Lafayette.
FOR RENT^—Half of double room at 224 N. Salisbury. Phone 61774.
—Results—■ St. Louis, 4; Brooklyn, 2. New York, 6; Chicago, 0. Boston, 3; Pittsburgh, 2 (10 innings). Philadelphia, 3; Cincinnat, 2.
AMERICAN LEAGUE
!
Won
Lost
Pet.
New York ....
96
45
.680
Detroit
85
58
.594
Chicago
79
62
.560
Cleveland .....
75
67
.528
Boston —
: 73
66
.525
Washington
68
74
.478
Philadelphia
48
92
.343
St. Louis ......
........... 42
101
.293
-Results—
Chicago, 9; Philadelphia, 3. Washington, 6; Cleveland, 4. New York, 4-11; St. Louis, 1-0
Detroit, 6; Boston, 4.
FOR SALE—Packard sport coupe with deluxe equipment and side mounts. Cost $3000 new, A-1 condition. Will trade for cheaper car. 305 Salisbury.
WANTED—Bass fiddle, guitar, and baritone sax men. Call 5317. SALE OR TRADE—Light Chrysler sedan, 30 model. Excellent condition. Call 41051—Simmons, 204 Marstellar.
ROOM AND BOARD—^Vacancy for one student. 108 Waldron. Ph. 41852.
POUND—Bright green Parker fountain pen. Call Treva Berry 4079.
ADULT TAP CLASSES ENROLL NOW Beginners Friday, Sept. 24, 6:00 P. M. Intermediate Thurs., Sept. 23, 9:00 P. M. Advanced Thurs., Sept. 23, 6:00 P. M'^ ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Square Fine Ie\velry at Moderate Prices
Sig Putze, of Union Penny Pincher fame, plus two automobiles, is dog housing it. Ginny is mad because they go no place no more . . . just church on Sunday, library all week, and no Blazer. June Stewart gave back that Kappa Sig pin to Rah Rah Wellbrock. Now she’s knitting the time away. Why? Paid Ad: Jane Curand wants a certain Phi Psi to give back her compact and lipstick. Please place in box 13, WRH. Take heart—you what have no faith in the date bureau—look at Johnny Dean and little WRH Caroline Shaw. There may be a romance awaiting you too—who knows. . . St-t-t-t-is-s-s-t-t-tics again . '. . according to those of the Date Bureau, Freshmen Queens are in again —^There’s a rush waiting for Janet Pickering, Marge Starrott, Jean Jones, Tot McQueen, Mary Jane West, Virginia Royce, Georgia Carroll, etc and et cetera. Speaking of those watery creatures, D. U. “Butch” Fanning has shaved off his own moustache because WRH Jean Chandler thought it unbecoming. What a woman! Freshmen at the male Pi Phi house have seniors cowering (so soon) Said seniors tape their cookie dus ters before retiring. “We’re not kidnaping, we’re just helping the freshmen girls get along,” states Alpha Chi cut throat (Eastburn). A TO Nick Shea still regards the Blazer as his home after seven years of study. He is Harvey Cline’s logical successor. We’re all counting on a bigger and better pep session Friday night, Get out the bells and be there with noise and spirit.
TODAY — FRIDAY — SATURDAY Job Louis VS. Tommy Farr Official Fight Pictures —ALSO— Johnny Mack Brown, in “Rogue of the Range” —PLIJS^ “Robinson Crusoe” '
Starts Today TWO FIRST RUN HITS!
— Plus — ' ADVENTURE SPICED WITH ROMANCE!
ron A 'Paramount Picluro with ^ WILLIAM GARGAN (f ORIEN HEYWARD * vmmif mimu v
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
11/
‘He says we ought to do this place in ‘Early American’!”
C«rr. lUT tr VnIM Feature Srndleate, Ine. ^
Letters To The Editor Letters to the editor must be fairly short and must be accompanied by the writer’s signatures. Unless otherwise requested, the author’s name will be published^ with his letter. If, for reasons obvious to our readers, we see fit to withhold any name, that name will be held in strict confidence. The Exponent assumes no responsibility for the opinions voiced herein. ABOLISH EXAMS? Towards a larger and better Purdue. As I sit here within the bare walls of my room the thoughts of Purdue’s fine old name stands prominent in my mind. Also, the thought “Why not attempt to help in some meager wjay to improve the name instead of harboring black thoughts because diligent effort is required to graduate from this great institU' tion?” creeps into a small compart ment of my mind. Above all, I think one great step forward in progress would be the elimination of finals for upperclassmen. Is education derived from one night of cramming? Should a semester of diligent effort be lost be cause of a slip on an exam ? The logical answers to these questions are probably already forming in your mind. I honestly believe' that optional exams or making all classes into exemption courses would be a good improvement. May we have a still better Purdue. J. H. STALEY, Jr.
Subscribe for The Purdue Exponent NOW!
MlN
Two Swell Hits! Fearless Adventurer Reckless Lover! IT’S THE BEST OF THE I BULLDOG DRUMMONO YARNS!
REPUBLIC. PICTURES prtMnts BULU08 DRUMMOND AT BAY JOHN LODGE I VICTOR JORYI
— Plus — Hold Tight I Here comes that self starting, non-siopping dynamite! 5^0 a -
leEeRGE BRENT ANITA LOUISE k"THE ^ ^mK eiUHtES*WmitlH6ER EXTRA ‘*Don Donald”,, Cartoon
Starts Today 2 First-Run Hits! irrplK^s eftaTfsf Fiiiif!
Ac b* cwIm down til* wliH* rcncgad* who , told riflac to th« rod maul
BUFFALO BILL WAS A^ "SOFTIE" COMPARED TO BOCKAROO JANE!... and tht West wasn*t wild till now!
.P/CTURB BY FAR
IAN Vf/0061 )V/tEV LCOX CLYDE McCOY and His Orchestra Starting Today MARSIp
f
ay, Septeml)er 23, 1937
TliE PURDUE EXPONENT
Varsity Foot^ll Squad Srimmages With Freshmen In um^ensive Practice
lerfeiQti: defensive style the Boile;^maker varsity football squad held tlieir last major praqticiB of - the week last night, scrimmaging against three picked freshmen squads using plays which carried Butler through an undefeated season last year. With the three center prospects, Humphrey, Morningstar, and Petry showing daily improvement and unhampered by any of the serious disabilities which have crippled sb many of the mid-west squads, the prospects for the coming year appear much brighter. Following the general trend of college football during the last few years to '‘take to the air,” the team , has spent considerable time in passing practice with the freshmen on the defensive. Ending the practice with a few minutes of blocking scrimmage, the squad went to the showers.
WARD MANAGERS WANTED Anyone interested in being ward athletic manager come to the intra-mural officfe in the Memorial Gymnasium at the' earliest possible date.
Begin Inter-Fraternity Golf Tournament Monday Starting next Monday, September 27, the annual interfraternity golf tournament, sponsored by the intramural athletic department, will be played off at the Public Golf course. Playing nine holes successively on Monday and Tuesday, September 27 and 28, three-man teams representing each fraternity will compete for the lowest team score. ,The eight teams having the lowest composite scores comprise the entrants in the finals. With the finals played as straight elimination, points are to be given to determine the trophy-winning fraternity. Each finalist team participating will be offered twenty-five points with five extra points to the winner and three to the runner up. In addition to the fraternity trophy, individual medals go to members of the winning team and run-ners-up. Fraternity athletic managers are urged to turn in entry blanks to the intramural department office not later than 4 o’clock Friday, September 24^
Need new shoes for your Fall outfit? Take a look at these two Fortune English brogues— styles specified for the newest tweed suitings and outdoor outfits, t>y and see them. . . $4, most styles. Exclusive Agent for , JarmamFriendly $5.00 Bostonian $7.50 B & W SHOE CO.
121 North 4th Street
SEE THE SIGNED O.K. CERTIFICATE WITH YOUR FORTUNE SHOES
Whether it's sent collect or prepaid, your laundry always arrives quickly, safely, by Railway Express—the favorite laundry route of generations of college men'and women. Low rates. No added charge for pick-up and delivery—just phone nearest Railway Express office, 9 S. Second St. Phone 2025 Lafayette, Ind. Railwa^^xpress - NATION-WIDE RAIL-AIR SERVICE
Fielder’s Choice
Butler University, Purdue’s opponent Saturday afternoon, won four, games and tied one in their football competition last year—^the Boilermakers are starting out to make the Butler game.the first of their eight victories this year^—1500 tickets have already been sold for the Homecoming game with Carnegie Tech—that figure does not include the 6,000 students and the faculty. —^fc— The first of the fraternity intramural sports begins today as the softball teams battle each other in the opening game of the regular series—golf is the next sport on the program. —^fc— Sigma Delta Psi tryouts will begin a week from today at the Stadium —do you know that if yop, have passed seven of the athletic events you are a member of the local chapter ? All the events must be passed before your fraternity receives five participation points. —fc— Our hopes for a “World Series” in Chicago are getting fewer—yesterday the Cubs dropped a game to the Giants and dropped themselves 2% games behind the leaders—^with 15 games left to play things aren’t very hopeful. LaBree Holds Fall Practice For Varsity Tennis Squad In preparation for the coming Fall tournament, tennis classes are being held daily on the campus tennis courts under the direction of Coach Larry LaBree. Although this seems a bit premature, tennis enthusists such as Fuente, Wakefield, Gardner, Bliss, and Jackson may be found regularly on the courts. Any one interested in improving his tennis, may report to Coach LaBree in the late afternoon at the courts.
All-Americans?
MA fZT/S/ SCHfZG't'Cfl.
Leg Injury May Force Cody Isbell To Stay On Sidelines For Saturday's Butler Game
Because of a slightly pulled muscle in his leg, for the past two weeks, it appeared doubtful last night if Cody Isbell, hard blocking senior quarterback on the ^Boilermaker gridiron squad, would be permitted to play in Saturday’s game against Butler University. Although the injury is not serious, the difficulty of the coming season may make it imperative for Cody to remain on the sidelines for' fear of aggravating the injury into a permanent disablement. Tour Of WAA Fields To Stari At Women's Gym/foday Virginia Beck will Jead the tour of the women’s athletic grounds today starting at 4 o’clock from the Women’s Gymnasium. New women are particularly urged to attend the tour and become acquainted with the W. A. A. grounds.
The'"tour, after an inspection of the archery range and the tennis courts, will end at the hockey field where a demonstration hockey game will be played. Co-ed Hock^ Aspirants To Report Tomorrow At 4 Co-eds interested in field hockey will be given an opportunity to participate in this active sport, beginning tomorrow, when “caM out” will be held. Barbara Dobson, head of the sport, has announced that seniors and sophomores will practice every Monday and Wednesday; freshmen and juniors, Tuesday and Thursday, at 4:00 p. m. promptly. Open practices will be held each Friday. This sport is one of many being offered on the W. A. A. fall sports calendar.
ci^ert^ WaA.T'MAAJ -n4o.Ki~£^ ^ * Beginning their last season of play next Saturday against Butler are three prospective All-American linemien, Schreyer, Woltraan, and Powell, who constitute the backbone of this year’s Boilermaker line.
DEWENTER’S 416 Main St.
-CARL'SNEW FALL
in the UP-IN-FRONT MODE REMARKABLY PRICED AT
We've scores of other shoes for you to select from . . in every ne^ autumn color . . and they're all the 'TOPS" in FALL FASHIONS.
Sizes 3 to 9 Widths AAAA to B
SPORT OXFORDS STURDY and OH! SO SMART Just what you need for school and those football games!
HOSIERY Clear and Perfect 69c ** $1.00
Genuine Goodyear welt . . . with leather heels. Rough and smooth leathers .. . All Colors . . . All Sizes 3 to 9 - AAA to.C
FALL BAGS
All Colors. Stylos, materials
and $1.95
332 Main St.
Lafayette. Ind.Asfisiiy
■y' -i-irpy'yyyy-y yy' ■:•'- ' J ^ ^ ^ ^ .J.^ / ^ .JK ^ ^ ''V / THE PUHDUE EXPONENT ' Thursday. September 23.1937
r I *'■ ' ^ f I sryyyyyy ■■ \ L '¥ •;|-m‘ '■/
r! ?
SOPHOMORE WORK SCHEDULE Thursday—Farquhar, Issue editor—^Woodson, Terrio, Insley, Deckard. \ Friday—Paarlberg, Issue editor—Keller, Frederick, Tafel, Torrence. Saturday—Olson, Issue editoi''—Kroeplin, Frederick, Keller, Loveridge.
Triton Club report at 8:30 until 9:30. —STOWALTER.
Chi Epsilop: Meeting at 8 p. m. September 24 in Memorial Union Building. —ROSE.
A. S. M. E.: All engineers are invited to the A. & M. E. meeting on September 23 at 7 :30 p. m. in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. Refreshments will be served. '
Swimming: W. A. A. open swim September 23, 7 ;30-8:30. Persons interested in
Date Bureau: W. S. G. A. office will be open only from 4 to 6 p. m., September 23 and 24. —BAIN.
Camera Club: All material must be removed from lockers in dark room by September 23 at 6 p. m. or it wili be confiscated. —SAMULSON. Eta Kappa Nu: Important meeting September 23 at 7:15 in room A, Memorial Union Building. —WELLS. ___ I Music Room: E.-eryone interested in the formation of Music Room Club meet in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building, September 23 at 4 p. m. —WOOD, CABONARGI, Glider Club: Students interested in Glider Club activities, and old members meet in reception room of the Memorial Union Building at 7 :30 p. m. September 23.
Catalyst: Important meeting September 23 at 8 p. m. in room 202 of Heavilon Hall. Plans for senior parade will be made. —PFORZHEIMER.
Playshop: All persons interested in working on any of Playshop’s committees leave names at Theatre Office in Eliza Fowler
Hall any afternoon this week. \
-MILNE.
Union Cafeteria: Students interested in working at banquets in the Memorial Union this year leave schedules in the cafeteria office. —NUGENT.
Pianists: Pianist for weekly radio program. Apply to undersigned before September 25, at 128 North Grant street after 4 o’clock. —MERRIAM.
University Orchestra: The following will report, Monday, September 27 at 8 p. m., to the studio in Eliza .Fowler Hall for rehearsal. This does not include several of those whose tryouts have heen deferred: Appleyard, Bigelow, Diggins, Eberhard^V Greger, Hackleman, Hart, Hartley, Hocker, Jewett, Jones, ICimmel, Newhouse, Orlowski, Peterson, Pressler, Rifenburgh, Robertson E,, Robertson J., Schlitter, Schoger, Schreiber, Schuttte, Senne, Stroup, Suardi, Thomas, Wood, Woodward, Wyzykowski, Zettel. —PHILLIPS,
Y./W. C. A. Cabinet: Important meeting September 23 at 4 p. m. in Y. W. office. —BRYANT.
Track and Cross Country Men: Meet.ing of all track and cross country men at the Stadium at 4 p. m. September 23. —PHILLIPS.
Tau Kappa Alpha: Important meeting at at 4 p. m. September 23 in Unversity Hall. -i^FREDERICKS.
Freshmen Co-eds: All girls desiring to work on the Exponent meet in room B of the Memorial Union Building at 4:30 p. m. September 23. —PYKE.
Freshmen: All freshmon interested in working on Exponent the coming semester should report to room D of the Memorial Union Building at 4 p. m. September 23. —BROCK.
For the Co-ed wh ness in her most a use Crown Cleanin
emancts sm 1 clothes - - - irvice reaul
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
the Purdue Exi
Service
Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPEKB HDW. 822 MAIN
— Bookstores — SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
“DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
— Jewelry
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, _ but we do it well Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St,
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street * — Beauty Studio — • CORRECT BEAUTY Trvi:ATMENT o Co-ed Days Tues. and Thurs. Kienly Beauty Studio 622 Main Phone 7727 — Photography “— Scobee’s REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
Florist
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY • • Most exclusive assortment of corsages available to Purdue Students. 527 Main Phone 5432
PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965 — Confectionery — Try Some of Our Home Made Ice Cream and Candy Glatz's Confectionery Main and Sixth Sts. — Locksmith — «C” CARTER for Keys — Locks — General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L. — Shoe Repair — BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP Dine — JhtduL DINE ^ DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Lindbergh Road
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting September 24 in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building at 7:16 p. m. All old members and new students who are interested are urged to attend. Social hour after meeting. —CARACCIOLO.
All Available Sophomore Union Workers: Report to Eastburn, Wood, and Turner, at the Union office as soon after 1 p. m. on September 23 as possible. —PUTZE.
Novice Pistol: Training will start Tuesday, September 28. Students can sign up at the Military Dept, supply room any time after 8 a. m., September 23. —CAPTAIN KAY,
Pistol Team:A meeting of all members of the Pistol Team will be held at 4 p. m. Friday, September 24 in room 201, Armory —Important. —CAPTAIN KAY.
Purdue Agriculturist: All members of the staff please meet in the office at 7:30 p. m. September 23. —PARKISON.
C. E. 80: All students go to registrar’s office and have assignment cancelled. —SONESON.
Y. W. C. A.: Cabinet meeting at 4 p. m. in Y. W. C. A. office. —BRYANT.
W. A. A.: Cabin first aid meeting September 29, at 7 :16 in the Women’s Gym. All girls who are taking or intend to take the cabin leadership course should attend. —SWICK.
W. A. A.: Cabin open house Sunday, September 26, from 3 till 6. Students and faculty invited. A group will leave 'the women’s Gym at 2:30 . —SWICK.
Camera Club: Open meeting at 7 p. m. September 23 in toc^toi B of the Memorial Union Building. —SHOEMAKER.
Senior Women’s Parade Committee: Following people meet at 4 p. m. September 23 in women’s lounge, second floor, of the Memorial Union Building; Cromer, Friend, Dicks, Masters, Slocum, Friend, and Pendei'grass. —BOSCO.
Knitting Class: Will meet September 23 at 7 :15 p. m. in the faculty lounge. Free instruction. —WOOD.
P. I. A. Membership Campaign: All students interested in assisting with campaign please report to P. I. A. office any office any evening between 4 and 6 :30 p. m. —MABY.
P. I. A. Memberships: May be secured at office any evening between 4 and 5 o’clock. —MABY.
Motorcycle Riders: All cycle riders interested in organizing a Purdue Cycle Club please meet on the steps in front of the
IMPROVE YOUR DANCING ADULT ADVANCED CLASS In the Late Ballroom Dances Thursday, Sept. 23, 7:00 P. M. Beginners May Enroll in Our New Class Friday, Sept. 24, 7:00 P. M.
Phone 2150
ALLEN’S
Sixth and Ferry
18 STYLES fo Select from for tho Modem Mist SADDLE-OXFORDS MOCCASINS«KILTIES The hut teord ia We hove o style to match your new fall outfit. Select yours early at these . , I^ONOMY PRICES ^
gym September 23, at 4 p. m.
Concert Choir: Rehearsal September 23, at 4 p. m. —WORCESTER.
Exponent Co-eds; Afternoon office has been changed from Fifth street to room B on the main floor of the Memorial Union Building. Report promptly at four o’clock each day. PYKE.
Union Sophomores: Please report to Union offices as soon after 1 p. m. September 23, as possible. —EASTBURN, WOOD, TURNER.
Union Workers: My committee will meet September 26 at 4 p. m. in workshop. —MATTHEWS.
Freshman Exponent Workers: The following freshnian scheduleijf have been made.
Monday: Middleton, Musaer, Lower.' ''Tuesday: Beer,Strickland, Thompson, Wunderlich. Wednesday: Fournier, Gregory. 'Thursday: Robson, Gaddis. Friday: Connelly, McKee, Meyers, Van Hook, Grass. , Saturday: Blocker, Maudlin, Ross, Wheeler. , „ . It Those named should report to the stooge on the night preceding th^ir names on the above schedule at- 4 p. pi. at the Exponent office, 312 N. Fifth St^ g'j^ocK Women’s Pan Helleilic Council: Meeting September 23, at 4 p. ipi. in room F the Union Building. JARirETT. Industrial Education :^SeTf!ors meet in room 102 Michael Golden Shops September 23, at 4 o’clock. Important. —HOFFMAN.
ONLY IN
dockcLj TRAOe MARK * t-FJRCNT
50c
• More men every day are finding underwear comfort through Coopers Jockey Shorts. A snug fitting knitted fabric that yieids to every body movement, and that fits the male figure everywhere. No-gap Y-Front opening ... no buttons ... no bulk . . . no binding pius miid, healthful support. Sizes 28 to 42.
LO EB & H E ME COAM>ANY
'’ll
FOR GOODNESS SAKE
n't Eat
For a Better Me^I at a moderate price dine here - - a more desirable environ-
ment.
lAnxDJFL ^a^ds/dcL
Down Stairs in the
PURDUE EMORIAL
UNION Corner of the Campus—Center of Activities