14th Annual NSFA Congress Reaches Midstage Here
Purdue Exponent
NSFA CONGRESS SPECIAL
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1938
SOUVENIR ISSUE
U.S.MustrSave 'Retreat In Mankind*s Thinking Must Halt*
Civilization -- Eichelberger
i ■*•
Guest speaker at the Tuesday evening banquet in the Union cafeteria Clark Eichelberger surveyed the world situation today • and gave his ideas as to the cause and correction to the situation. Eichelberger is director of the League of Nations Association, and was in Europe during the recent Czechoslovakian crisis. “The world today is in a retreat. It is a retreat in the thought of mankind toward a peaceful world,” he said. “No mattet what historians say of the world from 1919 to 1931 they will have to say that it has been the period of man’s most productive spans of life. And it is in this period that the League made its greatest progress. World In Retreat “But since 1931 the world has been in retreat.' Three things have caused it: that man has no unexplored lands to expand to; that transportation and commerce have eliminated the time element of the world; and that man is forced to think today not only of his home community, but of the world as a community.” The text of his speech was drawn from the last point, “The Student in the International Community.” “When dictatorial aggression was a mere cloud during the first Manchurian invasion it should have been checked. Then came Ethiopia, Austria, and last Czechoslovakia. Now all the aggressor dictators need do is threaten aggression and other powers conceed the territory in question without the aggressive manifestations of war. A Job For The U. S. “The job of stopping the aggression is much greater today than it would have been when it started in 1931, but it will grow in magnitude each year it is allowed to continue. It is the job of the United States to call a halt to the dictatorial aggression in Europe today. The people of Europe look to the United States as the savior of their civilization. But we must have no more Munich pacts. They do nothing to solve the situation,” he concluded.
As Clark Eichelberger, director of the League of Nations Association, asks for the halt of the retreat in the thought of mankind. Bill Aycock (left), Virginia Beal, Arthur Northwood, Bob Schumacher, Mary Jeanne McKay, and Dr. Cowling (cigar in mouth).
listen intently at the speakers’ table. Gerald Elliott, Purdue Senate President, sits in front of Eichelberger. The scene was at the Tuesday evening dinner of the convention in the Union cafeteria.
Visitors Like Purdue Hospitality
By The Roving Reporter Visiting delegates to Purdue University campus for the 14th Congress of the NSFA expressed appreciation and pleasure in the facilities and hospitality of Purdue. A cross section of the visitors was interviewed yesterday evening and the concensus revealed was an unanimous opinion of satisfaction with the convention site. Mary Jeanne McKay, president of the Federation, said, “The marvelous facilities at Purdue; the cooperation extended by the reception committee headed by Bob Shumacker; and the general attitude of the several delegates leave us with little doubt that this will be the most successful convention the Federation has ever entertained.” North Is ^outh Elizabeth Robertson, delegate from Texas State College for Women, enthusiastically commented upon the reception received by the delegates, stating, “The students of Purdue have certainly revealed that the South is not the only section of the United States to demon-
strate genuine hospitality — they should certainly be congratulated.” Alice Fitzgerald, Rhode Islander from Pembroke College, commented on the beauty* of the campus and even went so far as to say that the weather “certainly is milder than I expected.” Not So Hard Chester Holloway, University of Florida, was intrigued with the art of ice-skating when he experimented with other southern delegates yesterday ^temoon. “It isn’t as difiicult as I had anticipated,” he said. Chet commented upon the size of the- Union Building on the Purdue campus, with the remark that it was larger than the unbelieveably large Union on the University of Florida campus.
Roosevelt Wishes Convention Success To the National Student Federation Greetings: As workers in student government organizations you have learned that leadership is essentially democratic. But you have also learned that true leadership in a democratic community is essentially creative; that only the man or woman who has found a better way to go may long expect a following. Your education in the universities and colleges of this country is likewise democratic. Our educational institutions have been developed in the belief that creative intelluctual power springs from the inner man outward and that it can be developed only in an atmosphere of intellectual freedom. It is, therefore, with high hopes that the leaders of an older generation will soon pass on to you the privileges of assisting in the solution of problems of ever widening scope state, national, and international. It is my faith that you, with a high appreciation of the essential nobility of the individual as your guide in the management of men, will not only maintain and preserve our democratic heritage in the years to come but will enrich and extend it in ways that now can be only dimly foreseen. I wish for the National Student Federation of America a most successful meeting. (Signed) Franklin D. Roosevelt.
Congress Program TODAY 7:45- 8:45 a. m. Breakfast in the Cafeteria. 9:00-12:00 a. m. Meetings. Commission No. 11, “Student and National Communities.” Chairman, William Aycock, University of North Carolina (Room B). Commission No. 12, “Finances.” Chairman, A1 Wichtrich, University of Arizona (Rooms 1 and 2). Commission No. 13, “Curriculum.” Chairman, Virginia Beal, Simmons College (Room C). 11:15 a.m. Special interest groups. 1— Student Cooperatives, Clark Burton. 2— ^Work camps, Gordon Graves. 3— Student travel, Arthur Northwood, Jr. 4— Youth hostels, to be announced. ’'12:15 p.m. Luncheon in the Union (Cafeteria). Speaker: Mr. Robert Spivak, International Student Service. 2:00- 4:00 p. m. Meetings. Commission No. 14, “Election Systems.” Chairman, Cieorge Taylor, Carleton (k>llege (Rooms 1 and 2). Commission No. 15, “NSFA Services.” Chairman, John Darnell, Fresno State College (Room B). Commission No. 16, “Stimulation.” / Chairman, Gerald Elliott, Purdue University (Room C). 4:00- 6:00 p. m. Tea at Controller R. B. Stewart’s home, Westwood. 6:15 p. m’. Dinner in the Union (Cafeteria). Speaker: Mr. Arthur Northwood, Jr., Past President, NSFA. 8:00-10:00 p. m. “Student and International Community.” Lyle Saunters, University of New Mexico. TOMORROW 7:45- 8:45 a. m. Breakfast in the Cafeteria. 9:00-12:00 a. m. Meeting—^Plenary (Ball Room). Consideration of all Congress reports. Luncheoirill ynioir (Cafeteria): — 6:30 p. m. Formal banquet (Ball Boom). Dr. Robert Phillips, Purdue University. 9:00-12:00 p. m. Dance (Ball Room). SATURDAY 7:45- 8:45 a. m. Breakfast in the Cafeteria. 12:00 a. m. Farewell luncheon in the Union (Cafeteria). 2:00 p. m. New Executive Meeting (Room B).
185 Representatives Discuss Current Student Problems The 14th Annual Congress of the National Student Federation of America convened here December 27 for a five day session with the theme of “Student Leadership in Community Life.” The convention assembled 185 college and university student leaders from 75 colleges in 46 states for the most important student discussion group to assemble in the United States during the year 1938. ^ — I Mary Jeanne McKay, president
WBAA Broadcasts Convention Affairs Complete coverage of the NSFA convention now in session on thei University campus is being ^ected by WBAA, the voice of Purdue. To date, five broadcasts totaling one hour and 36 minutes have been carried by this station for the benefit of those interested in the proceedings of the convention. For the remainder of the session WBAA officials plan to broadcast all important proceedings together with interviews of other convention officers. Every day at 11:60 a. m. a ten minute summary of the convention proceedings is broadcast.
Richey Challenges NSFA To Improve Youth Guidance Pinch hitting for National NYA Director Aubrey Williams, Robert S. Richey, Indiana director of the organization, challenged the Federation to do something towards vocational guidance among the youth of the country at last night’s banquet. “Today 76 percent of the grad- ■ uating college men and women, not in professions, waste from two to three years after college floundering around in an attempt to find themselves—^when they might have been gaining experience and additional knowledge in the field for which they are best suited,” said Richey. “There are new frontiers to be conquered in the United States, but they are not to be conquered with the axe and flink lock. By training young men and women to vocations and independence, we have the best unemployment compensation and old age insurance available,” he continued. Williams was unable to attend last night’s congress session due to a conference with President Roosevelt in Washington. Bfyent Plays For Formal Tomorrow Bud Bryant, his campus band, and their soloist, the Vest Pocket Venus of Song, Jo Friend, will syncopate tomorrow night from 9 to 12 at the formal dance in the ballroom of the Union which will climax the social program of the fourteenth annual congress of the National Student Federation of America. The festive dance, featuring New Year’s decorations and festivities, will follow the 6.^30 formal banquet in the ballroom. Plans for the dance have made it formal, but Gerald Elliott, president of the Purdue Student Senate, emphasised the desire of those in charge to have full delegate attendance at the dance. Transportation to and from the dance to the houses where the girls are staying will be provided, and arrangements have been made to have a stag line as at Tuesday’s dance and matching of partners at the dance. Formal dress is not a requisite to attendance at the dance. Balloons, confetti, hats, streamers, and other decorations at the dance will match the theme of a New Year’s farewell dance.
of the NSFA, called the session to order at 1 o’clock Tuesday* afternoon with more than 100 delegates, in attendance. Bob Schumacher, Congress Chairman, reported that inclement weather and hazardous traveling conditions delayed many students from arriving on schedule. Face Issues Distinguished speakers addressed the delegates in the opening luncheon, calling them to .face issues with confidence and intelligence. Professor Frank C. Hockema, assistant to the president at Purdue, asserted that student government had solved many problenm on the campus of Purdue and UT'tfie immediate locality of Lafayette. H. H. Homer, president of Lafayette Chamber of Commerce, remarked upon the advantages to community life contributed by the • cooperation of the Purdue students. The opening meeting showed the possibilities of student participation in community.affiairs, with specific examples, being cited by the speakers. ^ • Reports Year's Progress Activities in the afternoon of the opening day were confined to a re- - port of the activities of-the Federation by Mary . Jeanne McKay and William AyeoriCi Who presented the financial'.EeRi^ in the absence of Lyle Saunders, vice-president; President McKay announced that milch progress had been made during the year and would be discussed more fully in the cop^ission meetings. 1 . Following a meeting of tiie commission chairmen with Miss McKay, the regional groups met separately. The southern and southeastern regions, headed by Henry Reid and William Aycock, respectively, met under the chairmanship of Kenneth Crosby to have the largest representation. These two groups, which have their regional meeting together had over onethird of the entire number of delegates enrolled. Cites Crisis Clark Eichelberger, director of the League of Nations Association, was the guest speaker at dinner on Tuesday night. Eichelberger, citing the present crises that have thrown a war cloud over the entire world, called upon the students to consider possible solutions to the present situation. Miss McKay, in closing the dinner, stated that the students . of today should act to maintain democracy as the strongest form of government. Although not committing the Federation, Miss McKay assured Eichelberger that the students were interested in preserving democracy as the existing form of government within the United States and that the ideas em{Continued on page 3)
She Leads Student Leaders
Miss Mary Jeanne McKay, President of the National Student Federation of America is presiding over the 14th annual Congress of the organization. Miss McKay, a former student of Florida State College for Women, is the first woman to head the student organization. As president of the Federation, it has been largely her duty to plan the various resolutions to be discussed, and select student leaders for each group.
Mary Jeanne McKayTHE l»URDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, December 29» 1938
the Purdue Exponent
nmniBSKNTBO ro»i hatiohai. adv«ati»in« mv National Advertising Service, Inc. Ct>U*g» PublUbtrt RuprettHative 420 Madison Avi. Nkw Yobk, N. Y. CHICAAP • SOITOR • L0« ARSILlk - SAH rRAIICItCO Entered as second class matter at the post office in Ldffayette. Indiana, under the act of Contrress of 8, 1879, and at the special rate of t>ostaKe provided for in section 1108, act of October 8. 1917, authoriiied January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the remilar academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8 BO . „ . . u This newspaper is written, edited, and pnblislied by underaraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the efficiai University viewpoint All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
R. P. Manion
E. M. Antonini
Editor-in-Chicf
Business Manager
A Face Lifting
We were all prepared to apologize to Congress delegates for the University appearing like the first scene in “Cataclysm on the Campus,” but refiection assured us that Senate President Dan Rohyans never dreamed of such a state of upheaval when he invited last year’s assemblage to make Purdue the headquarters for the NSFA national session of 1938. Neither did he, we, or any of the rest of Purdue’s students have much to say about the happening. Suddenly last summer, June 27 to be exact, there came wold from Washington that the PWA had granted $166,320 to the University for the construction of a third unit to the Women’s Residence Halls. The middle of July rolled around and a long-dreamed-of Chemical Engineering Building was made possible by a $271,584 PWA grant. Then this governmental spending agency really went into action and there followed rapidly within the next ten days these appropriations: Two more new men’s residence hall units, $466,363; Union Building addition (to double present size), $474,545; development and beautification of the campus, $201,321; and new music auditorium, $504^^000. PWA furnishes only 45 percent of the total cost of a project, so the total building program in operation now will add more than 41/2 million dollars to the present 12 million dollar evaluation of the University's physical plant. Federal funds make up $2,084,133 of the cost. Contractors will complete the entire undertaking before January, 1940—a year from now. Thus will Purdue, nearly 70 years old, be rebuilt in less than a year-and-a-half. We couldn’t be so selfish as to ask 1938 Congress visitors to reassemble at Purdue next year . . . but we do invite any NSFA delegates passing through this part of the country on their way to the 1939 gatheringplace, be it east, west, north, or south, to stop in and see what an already top-notch
educational institution looks like after it has come back from the repair shop. Now we’ve convinced ourself that an apology wasn’t in order at all . . . and if the weather warms up a bit before the congress adjourns, we’re thinking of setting up a grandstand on some vantage ground so we can charge ten cents an hour to delegates for reserved seats at an excavation kibitzing session. And we’ll hand out toy keam shovels as souvenirs! It’s Convention Time Purdue’s convention isn’t the only one in session this week. Practically next door —- sixty miles downstate in Indianapolis’ Lincoln Hotel a hundred and fifty male collegians from the nation’s terminals are congregated to shape the destinies of Blue Key, honorary service group, in a three-day confab. Feeling our duties as a student at the NS FA host school and imbued with true convention conviviality, we stopped in the Union hall the other night to inquire of two delegates — apparent how they were getting along. They weren’t, one of them informed us, attending the NSFA congress, but had only dropped in to see a friend and were leaving by bus at midnight for the assembly at the Indiana capital. We took the boys into our office and in turn were taken into their confidence. Their names, we learned, were Earl Smittcamp and Bob Williams and they hailed from Fresno State College in California’s centrally located city of Fresno. Earl is the leader of Blue Key’s fifteen members at Fresno and heads the commerce club, while Bob, more of a power to be, evidently is slated for the editorship of the college newspaper for one semester and the presidency of the student body the other semester of his next and senior year. NSFA Executive Committeeman John Darnell defeated Smittcamp for the Fresno student body leadership in last spring’s election, and it was John they had come to see. The trio will journey to New Orleans at week’s end to watch Texas Christian and Carnegie Tech struggle for the Sugar Bowl gridiron crown. Everybody Talks, But - - - After reading Chairman Bob Schumacher’s forecast of 30 degree temperatures in his Congress correspondence, some of our visitors probably alighted on Lafayette’s ice-treated streets with the feeling of a new comer to California who wakes up in one of those heavy “fogs.” The generality of this cold wave, however, should relieve Bob of any responsibility in the matter. He hopes, with us, that all delegates manage a safe return to their respective homes, despite the ice, sleet, snow, and cold. And are not too badly weathered by their stay.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lkky
\r
Two days now we’ve been following you around and do we know stuff—when things like this appear, we usually just title the whole subject matter as Going Kampuss*ing and just spill It all. So here IS the top soil of this convention— the mosta of the besta of the worsta. It is said that A1 “Pancho” Wichtrich from the University of Arizona was the greatest hell-raiser at Albuquerque last year. And here he is—at a Senate convention, but not alone. A1 collected a bit of feminine pulchritude and gave her the title of Mrs. while on the way to the convention. He is on his honeymoon this week, and ’tis rumored that the little woman has A1 already completely under thumb. What a man! Oh, I don’t know. Sal Palma in his dissertation telling the girls about the condition of their slips certainly gave the little item of female grooming a downward push. None of the delegates even mention the subject of petticoats since Sal’s few well chosen words of advice. Another married man listed among the delegates is Arthur Northwood, last year’s president. But Art has been to conventions before—so he left his wife at home this year.
“I just gotta have more guns, planes, and tanks. Mom! All the other fellas in our block are re-arming!”
We decided that the man who cheered because of the absence of Aubrey Williams is one of those smoothies on NYA. And have you seen Henry Reid of the University of Alabama? He looks like Huey Long when he smokes that big cigar.
Yesterday’s theme song was “Who got the five bucks?” It sure is true, you know those words about one being bom every minute.
cftcuve
u
You’ll make a hit with that date, when you send her a corsage from Roth’s. Distinction and style place Roth’s flowers where they stand.
635 Main
Phone 7955
TODAY - FRl. - SAT.
2 First Run Hits!
SUN. - MON.
An American Cavalcade wth TYRONE ALICE DON POWER* FAYE-AMECHE
Southern Accents And Swanky Clothes Greet Campus Sightseers
Gowns ’n gals ’n glamor, fashions ’n furbelows, Southern accents ’n swanky sport clothes — we found them all on our sight-seemg tour of the convention. Probably because we thought of these campus leaders as conservatives, we thought the fashion-book grooming of most of the sweet young things a bit surprising. There seem to be no dull drab delegates around! Popular choices for daytime wear among the visiting coeds are skirt and sweater combinations, tailored suits, or warm woolly dresses. Scarfs tied over heads, saddle shoes, angora mittens, bobby socks, and other casual campus combinations can be seen straying around the Union When Sun Goes Down But when the sun goes down in the evening, the girls change the scene a bit. Swirlipg silk skirts replace daytime tweeds, and the convention-goers appear a bit more socially minded. Triday night’s formal dinner and dance will probably bring into evidence the very latest in evening gowns And our campus does not frown on strapless creations, girls, so fear not if you happened to bring such a dance dress with you. Perhaps Mr. Esquire would not
agree with us in our decision concerning the grooming of the gentlemen of the hour. We think its super! Imagine, not one T-shirt or baggy pair of cords have we seen yet! The corridors of the Union are filled with lads wearing suits — collar, tie, and all. Lend Collegiate Air During the morning session we noticed several boxy sport jackets of gabardine or tweed which gave quite a collegiate air to their wearers. One brunette boy from the Citadel Military School looks very handsome in his blue military uniform. And surprise of surprises, there is a definite lack of vegetable brush hair cuts among the males. Life is sweet! One famous fad is not in evidence so far among the coed delegates, We mean the “up” hair do, of course! Very few of the girls are wearing their curls piled high. And some of the eds appreciate the release from top-heavy coiffures. Today, Friday, and Saturday; then good-.bye! But there are still three perfectly good days for you to continue dazzling us. So whether you’re seriously discussing youth problems or gayly doing the Lambeth Walk, we’ll be watching you. So go on; make up “style-struck.”
N. S. F. A. Delegates
For your convenience in ^ettin^ back-and-forth across the levee. You’ll find that you will save time and money hy?i usin^ the street railway. Fares are 5c — Free transfers.
Lafayette Street Railway
-V' f.:^r
0-
Thur«dayi December 29,1938
mm
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
3 #
- Bold & Black . Blue-eyed Emily Hams (she of the escaggerated Southern accent type) IS just about a professional convention attender We hear, Emily, that with about four more conferences you might enter into the Big Shot class
Then there’s Tex Dobbs who is having a great time capitalizing on the fame the women from Texas State College for Women have brought to his state A super idea, Tex Chisel in on evei’ything you can, we always say
umoK 4 DAYS Starting MIDNIGHT SHOW NEW YEAR’S EVE
Its not our idea, but we hear the fellows at University of Florida gave president Mary Jeanne McKay the title of “Sexy-prexy.” It seems Mary Jeanne was the first representative from the women’s college who didn’t wear specs, cotton socks, and stuff to their annual dance. We think the title pretty fitting. Don’t you??? The lads at the Sig and Delt house are really getting a grahd idea of fraterraty advantages. They really are enjoying those paper towels — especially trying to use one after a shower. You know those typical signs—“Please take
Did you know there were smooth female waitresses working in the
Tickets Now On Sale New Year’s Eve Show
TODAY - FRI. - SAT. DICK FORAN GALE PAGE ALLEN JENKINS in “Heart of the North” — in Technicolor —
TODAY - FRI. - SAT. beaneonp rommieet
4 DAYS Starting MIDNIGHT SHOW NEW YEAR’S EVE I939’s FUN-INNOVATION ...WITH THE YEAR’S GREATEST FUN-COMilNATIONI
ADOLPHE
JACK
MENJOV • OAKIE JACK ARLEEN HALE!•WHELAN TONY BINNIE MARTIN-BARNES GEORGE BARBiER WARREN HYMER Tckets Now On Sale For New Year’s Eve
Show
NEW MAIN
TODAY - FRI. - SAT. DOUBLE FEATURE
The Greatest History of New York’s Underworld That Has Ever Been Written! ‘Gangs of New York’ with CHARLES BICKFORD ANN DVORAK
Jane Goes Ridin’ Wild And Ropes ’Em Into Romance! JANE WITHERS in ‘Wild and Woolly’
1 STARTS 11 ;00 NEW YEAR’S EVE TWO TERRIFYING HITS
\
YE DOUBLE DARE YOU TO SEE!
BORIS (Frankenstein) KARLOFF in the SHIVER GHOUL SHUDDER Plus BELA LUGOSI in “The Return of Chandu’’
Grill? “Foots” Crosby from the University of Mississippi has discovered this little fact „and has found the Gnll spot sufficient inducement to change his eatiftg place from the Cafeteria (where the food IS prepaid) to the Gnll. Anyone could easily tell he isn’t from Purdue The girls at this convention have taken up that age old habit of chasing Bill Aycock—and as usual are getting nowhere with the southern lad. In case you’re interested, gals. Bill has the title of being the Fastest man in the heated state of North Caroline. That’s Bill—always two laps ahead. And the University of Illinois did right well for itself by sending Beverlie Briggs down here She seemed to be doing very well too whe\i last heard from Nothing like those Middle west girls to pep up a convention
Revived Boilermakers Outskoot Arkansas, 57-51, At Sugar Bowl '" New Orleans, La., Dec. 28—(Special)—^Purdue’s Big Ten
basketball champions, defeated only by Southern California in six starts, outraced Arkansas, 57-51, here tonight, as the Sugar Bowl’s week of sports shifted into high gear. Arkansas, Sugar Bowl champion two years ago, threatened only once, as the Boilermakers jumped to a 26-20 lead at the
intermission.
TODAY - FRI. - SAT. DOUBLE FEATURE CHARLES STARRETT in “Call of the Rockies”
RICHARD DIX m “Blind Alibi”
“Lone Rangers’’ Serial
Color Cartoon
SUN. - MON. i met My Love Again’
‘Professor Beware’
Fielder’s Choice Our belief that athletes were apathetic to everything but sports took a drubbing when we glanced down the list of delegates here for the 4th annual NSFA congress. Football, basketball, and crew stars are among the representatives at the convention
—fc—
Jovial Joe Peel, captain of this year’s Penn State football eleven, IS spending the holidays at the congress. Joe’s been drafted by the New York Giants, world’s professional football champs. He isn’t sure if he will sign. Besides leading the football team, Joe’s president of the senior class and very much interested in student government. To keep time from hanging too heavy on his hands, Joe teaches on the side. Peel gave us a very interesting slant on eastern footbalL He says Wilkes Barre, Pa., is the center for the East’s fine football players. Captains of this year’s Army, Columbia, and Penn State teams came from there. More than a dozen Columbia players reside in that great Pennsylvama coal mining district.
—^fc—
Six foot-five Hilary Holmes, premed student from Princeton, Ind, attending Columbia Umversity on a scholarship, is a busy young man,
too
Hilary played two years of varsity basketball at Columbia, was a member of the crew, a student track manager, a member of the college glee club, and is now president of the student board, which
supervises all student activities at the New York City school. He’s too busy to play basketball Hiis year—^the slacker. —fo— Prom the West coast comes modest H B. Lee, all-Pacific guard on Stanford’s great fives of the last three seasons Lee played four years with Lusetti, the greatest cage scorer in the history of the game, and has nothing but praise for Hank’s team play ahfiityHe says Everett Dean, for many years baseball and basketball coach at Indiana and iCow basluitball coach at Stanford, is well liked at Palo Alto. Stanford has a good fast break and hopes to knock off Sam Barry’s sensational Southern Califorma outfit.
Bob Igney, smallest man on the floor, paced the winners with seven buckets and two chanty tosses Howard Hickey, Razorback guard, was the only other player to make more than ten pomts, hitting five field goals and three free throws With three minutes to play Arkansas made a final bid to overtake the Boilermakers, drawing to mthin two points The score was 51 to 49 At this point Purdue froze the ball for 46 seconds, then proceeded to make six points in the remaining two minutes Dan Fisher and Harry Zink, along with Igney, were the mamstays in the Purdue offensive Fisher made ten points while Zink garnered nine Adams, Fnedberger, and Hickey were the outstanding Arkansas players.
785 Delegates - - {Continued from page 1) bodied in his address were of value to the delegates. Continue Program Acacia, Delta Tau Delta, and Sigma Ghi fraternities and Chi Omega and Kappa Kappa Gamma Sororities are housing the delegates this week as they continue their annual discussion program All meals are supplied by the Purdue Union Commission reports throughout
first days, plenary sessions Friday, and Saturday’s farewell luncheon and session of the new executive committee will bring the congress to a close this week end Then the visitors will set out by tram, bus, and auto for their re spective homes . Indiana Weaiher Forecast for Indiana: Mostly cloudy with light snow in northeast today Slowly nsmg temperature tomorrow Light snow in northeast tomght
Times Have Changed A Lot
And So Has PURDUE
Purdue Memorial Union
the corner of the campus — yet the center of college activity
Yet no matter how many years pass by, there is still one thing which will remain the same — the friendly atmosphere at the Union, where you may always meet your friends. So during that lull in the day, don’t neglect to take advantage of the facilities offered by the Union such as, # the Bowling Alleys # the Billiard Room # the Grill # the Browsing Room # the Game Room # and The Lounges -
'it'iThursday, December 29, 193$
\^h€n The First DbV^S Vj^or/f Is Oonc 300 Students Meet At Princeton In *25 To Form NSFA
In 1926 a group of 300 college students met at Princeton University and formed what now is the National Student Federation of America. At that time they were principally interested in United States entrance into the World Court. After the entrance of the nation into the Court the organization continued, but with no set ideals and points of interest of
national importance.
The Federation grew until 1930 when the economic depression cut down its membership. Colleges felt that membership was too, expensive, others lost interest in its principles. Saon the fundamental ideas of the organization changed from national to those of the student organizations of the nation. After the Federation found that
they could not express their feelings and sentiment on national questions, it turned to student problems, honor systems, representation, and student-faculty relations. It wasn’t until last year, at the national congress at University of New Mexico, that the delegates asked themselves the question “why do we students have student governing bodies?”
{t
if
Gathered around a desk in the Purdue Senate office is the NSFA executive committee at the close of congress business Tuesday evening and immediately preceeding the informal dance in the Union ballroom. Left to right are seated Virginia Beal, Sewannee College; George Taylor, Carleton College; Robert Schumacher, Purdues Chairman; Mary Jeanne McKay, NSFA president; Bill Aycock, University of North
Carolina; Isadore Demsky, St. Lawrence University; and Joyce Gale, Hunter College. Standing left to right are John Darnell, Fresno State College; Kenneth Crosby, University of Mississippi; A1 Wichtrick, University of Arizona; John Dangaard, Colorado College; and Henry Reid, University of Alabama.
-Bold & BlackA number of loyal Purduites seem to be spending their vacations here attending the conference—^just for local color we suppose. Margaret Mitchell, Mary Townsend, Herb Fishbum, Johnny Keck, Pat Potter, Louise Daniel, Peg Timberlake, Sal Palma, Hank Miller, and Martha Baker'are all playing host and hostess these days. CONGRESSMAN Here’s to you, my little man With your business air and worried pan. So take your troubles out to play You’ll be a speaker, too, some day. You have quite a conceited air. And you look a bit like Gable But \ve hear you did your hardest work With your feet beneath the table. Then there’s the naive little person who very seriously inquired if Prexy Mary Jeanne McKay and Chairman Bob Schumacher were really going to ring wedding bells as soon the convention ended. We knew you two met this summer, but we didn’t know the affair had gone quite that far. How about it. Big Shots, are you holding out on us ? ? ? Not putting in a plug for the old home products or being in the least bit commercial, yet the delegation from the University of Florida certainly did themselves some good with their free tangerines. Rumor
Take A Couple Home
You’ll want to take home two or more Exponents so that you may show what you did at Purdue. You can get extra copies of this paper at the Union desk for a nickel a copy.
has it that the fruit was grown in Texas, but whatever the homeland, it was great stuff. If you’re a gal who goes for uniforms, you’ll like the sight of Bill Henderson. He is the dashing young man in the military uniform you’ve seen about. Bill is from the Citadel Military School in Charleston, South Carolina. He is going to wear his dress uniform to the dance tomorrow night. And confidentially, he dances divinely. Everyone we’ve talked to in the past two days has a Southern accent. Those things are really easy to acquire—^just a few minutes around one of those Southern belles and pretty soon you’re doin’ it. Personally, we know all of this
soft talk is not the real McCoy— but, gee, it sounds pretty. We hope your finding your way around our maze of scoop shovels, excavations, and new buildings. You just cain’t stop progress, kiddies, convention or no convention. And we do want you to see our campus! Even though you may think the Union building is superswell, we have lots and lots more you should see. So do get around, geographically speaking of course.
SO THAT
Your Date
MAY
Stand Out Send her one of Clark’s distinctive corsages
527 Main Sf.
Phone 5432
Go To DEAC’S IF YOU WANT A
SOUVENIR OF PURDUE UNIVERSITY, WE HAVE IT FOR YOU
C’mon In
H. G. “DEAC” REISNER EveryfliTngi^or A College Education
Absolutely
NOT
We didn’t say a thing about being able to make your bathtub handle like a car, (even tho we’re excellent mechanics). All we said was that we are glad to see all you fellows here for this convention.
PETER ANDERSON CO.
”After You We Coriie First^
525 Alabama
24 Hour Service
Phone 4048