■
(1 * ”
' St;/ ^ ||
\
Waring Sends Helper To Prepare Glee Club For Contest
Eslabliihcd 1889
<iC0pm4ije4ii I Daily Since 1906
Coeds Recobri
Suggestions To MifM
Clothes Last
Volume 53, No. 151
West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, March 26,
sisaiwioH MERRY-60-ROUl
By Drew Pearsoh and Robert S. Allen
Indiana Climate Is Not McVey Talks On American
Suited To Drug Plants
Meeting Here
“The climate of Indiana is not favorable to the profitable growing of many drug plants,” said Prof. Zufall of the University Pharmacy staff, in the last session of the twelfth an-
nual Druggists’ Conference yesterday afternoon. _ a ^ f m- • Zufall pointed out that in peace time the low cost of labor Michigan, Wisconsin, Ohio and Inin most foreign countries enables them to produce crude drugs diana will meet here Friday in the at about one-fourth the cost in America. He suggested that Central Regional convention of the
Five Colleges To Send Represenfafrives Friday
Way Of Life At Convocation
there might be harm in placing a ceiling on the price of drugs National Student Federation of
America. Members of the associa-
F^ i$. prders Biddle To T^kOvLegal Acfions Native Fascists
WASHINGTON, March 25.—After three months of tcmpoiizing with native. Fascist champions. Attorney General Francis Biddle is finally going to get tough—on direct personal orders of the President. Roosevelt directed Biddle to take vigorous legal action against certain factional leaders who have been publicly denouncing the war against the Axis and in some instances actually expressing pleasure ovei' .Ian victories.
and advised the druggists to be cautious in supporting legislation aimed at drug price control. Addressing the approximately 300 conventionists at gnother time, Dean Glenn Jenkins, dean of the school of pharmacy at the University, outlined the development and use of the newer drugs and phaimaceu-
ticals.
Local Team Meets Carolina Debaters; L. Winch Presides
tion are student governing bodies representing over one-fifth of the colleges in the Nation. This is the
Voting Today To Fill Junior, Senior Jobs In Activiiies Bureau
Speaker Traces History Of Pioneers; Predicts Changed Future For Country
“During the development of America, the dignity of the individual has been maintained,” spoke Frank L. McVey, President Emeritus of the University of Kentucky at the Student War Council—sponsored defense convocation in the
Ij^nivcrsity Activities Bureau will iBUsic Hall last night as the speaker traced the birth and
first such meeting ever held on the ^old elections for junior and sen- later history of the American Way of life and predicted its
Debating on the subject, “Resolved, that after the war the na-
University campus, and is being joj. officers today at 4 p. m., ac sponsored by the Student Senate, cording the announcement by Jim Sessions Begin Tomorrow Walley, senior executive. CandiTho sessions begin Friday, and dates for the two senior positions topics for that day will include ‘The to be filled are: Les Wochlke, Lois Student in National Affairs,” “Or- Thompson, Bob Olson, Marilyn ganization of Student War Coun- Miles,and Hal Schornstein. cils,” and “Reorganization of Cam- Six junior positions are to be
future. Title of MeVey’s discussion was “The American Strikes a Dilemma.” Opening the hour and a half program, the concert choir under the direction of J. M. Ragains played various musical selections after which the entire group joined in singing
“America.”
tions should form a federation to pus Activities.” Piesident Elliott filled from the following candi-
Blood plasma has been found to establish the eight Roosevelt- will address the organization at a dates: W. Reckman, Joseph Pec-
Complaints have poured into Washington from parents of boys in the armed services demanding that these domestic foes be jailed. But Biddle demuired on the ground of “preserving civil liberties,” Shortly after Pearl Harbor, FBI agents arrested Robert Noble, rabid Los Angeles Fascist leader, on serious charges involving statements concerning the War.' Despite the FBI’s evidence, Biddle ordered Noble released.
be the most effective agent in pre- Churchill principles,” two members banquet scheduled for Friday eve- sok, Virginia Rapp, Dan McKirnan, venting the development of shock University debate team, Dick ning. Janet Glatz, Keith Brown, Elizaresulting from the loss of large Long and George Zissis, met The convention will continue both Ford, Jackie Wells, Robert quantities of blood, declared Don C. Gibian and Dick Railey repre- through Saturday and Sunday, and Davis, Charlie Lynch and P. Brodie, of the University staff. He senting the Univer‘^ity of North feature many discussions and ac- Noffke. '
said that repoils from Peail Har- Carolina on the stage of Fowler tivities. In a broadcast Saturday bor indicate that the lives of many Nall last night. afternoon over WBAA the activmen have been saved because there De Long and Zissis, presenting itics of the convention will be diswas an adequate supply of plasma the case for the affirmative, based cussed. Elizabeth Robertson, Naavailable at medical centers. their aigument on the assumption tional President, has been invited Other speakers include John E. Roosevelt-Churchill prin- to speak at the banquet Sat.urday
ciples would solve the problems in evening. Bob Seese, regional chaiiworld will be facing at the end of man of the organization will atthe war, and therefore would form tend and speak at one of the sesa secure foundation upon which to sions. Saturday night members of build a federation of nations. the organization will attend the
Rudolph, Cincinnati, Ohio; John W. Snowden, Aurora, 111.; Edwaid Spease, director of professional relations, National Association of Retail Druggists, and M. G. Meriam,
Boston, Mass.
The site of the convention of the Indiana Phaimaceutical Association will be shifted this year from Flench'■Lick to Indianapolis, it was
Coordinates Activities
Activities Bureau has as its general aim the coordination of campus activities. Created from' a branch of the Student Union, the bureau assists the personnel office by keeping records of every in
PI A To Hold Annual Spring Executive Officials' Election
The negative, pointing out the concert in the Music Hall leatur-
omissions in the eight points, stated ”^8 Tommy Dorsey, that it was too caily in the war to Offices In New York
decide upon principles of federation. As was pointed out by the presid-
Purdue Independent Association will hold its annual spring election for executive officers and ward chairmen from 7:30 a.m. to 6 p.m.
on Tuesday, March 31.
Dick Sleeper, candidate for pres-
dividual’s activities. The work of ident has announced the nominathe bureau is designed to stimulate tion of the following for his officers: and inform students Norman Augsburger, vice-presi-about campus activities. Professor dent; Marguerite Young, secretary; Ilockema is the bureau’s faculty ad- and Ji^m Bray, treasurer. Oscar visor and the electoral board which Lappe, other presidential candidate.
announced by Pres. Charles D. ing officer of the evening, Mr. L. S.
This brought down a storm of protests on Biddle’s head that steadily increased as the hostile ojieiatiobs 6f these elements became bolder and more outspoken. Still Biddle refused to allow either the FBI pr federal district attorneys, who weie champing at the bit, to crack down. Finally White House advi.sers, alarmed ovei the situation, took the matter direct to the President. 'Phey laid before him a mass of evidence dealing with Noble. Fathei Coughlin, Fiancis P. Moian of Boston, Gerald L. K. Smith of Michigan and Charles B. Hudson of Omaha. One document shown Roosevelt was the Maich 16 issue of Coughlin’s weekly publication which declared that a “woi Id-wide saefed war” was declared against Germany nine years ago. The publication also attacked aid to Russia, denounced the Biitish bombing of French plants making Nazi supplies, and contained such statements as: Unless the German forces can overcome Russia and successfully invade England by the end of September, there is every evidence that the entire world will have elected to experience a blood hath the like of which was never imagined by the most poetic minds.”—“It has been the practiced policy of the Roosevelt Administration to favor the Chinese in their war again.st Japan. This policy has rankled in the liearts of the Nipponese war loards who are devoted to the policy of Asia for the Asiatic, a policy which, after all, is nothing more than an expression of our own Monroe Doctrine.” Aftci carefully examining the evidence, the President summoned (See MERRY-GO-ROUND, page 2)
Schreibcr, of Tell City, at fhe closing session.
Winch of the speech department.
PIA Novelty Dance Will Feature Victory Theme In Unusual Backdrop
The organization, with its main offices located in New York City, has for its purposes: “To Organize and Unite Campus Governing
both sides tended to lose sight of Veai membei-s con- j^y senior executive. The
vene tor the purpose of exchang
. .... '"ft ideas. Representatives may
. come from both men s colleges and jja„,,book, which writes the activi-
coeducalional in.stitutions, large and
The University Glee Club conducted by A. P. Stewart sang two songs from the Fred Waring Contest list, “Ail Through the Night,” as a faint blue light was cast upon tlie faces of the singers and “Hey Robin,” a rolicking number done as the blue lights changed
to a cheerful pink.
Dr. Martin from the poultry husbandry department who introduced the speaker was formerly a meUiber of Mc'Vey’s staff. Dr. EIliott,'a personal friend of Mc'Vey is in Washington, and was unable to attend the convocation. ,
Youth Pessimistic
Mc'Vey stated that youth of tftday is pessimistic. He said they ask,
will select the now officers is com- has nominated the following of-
posed of the heads of the nine ma- ficei's: Jim Peesgk, vice-president; “Can this liberty which is ourl^-i jor campus activities. Mabel Vaughn, secretary; and Beit itage possibly be lost in the future.,'
McVey answered the question By saying that the tendency for future will be towai'd stronger g<W-
the fact that the question was not one.of mechanics and detail of the federation but of whethei ' the fundamenlal principles
sound.
“V for victory” will be the theme foi the PIA novelty dan'ce to be held tomorrow evening from 8:30 to 11:30 in both ballrooms of the Union. Ace Brigodc and his Virginians will play. The backdrop will carry out the theme by a new “V” draping effect. 'This backdiop is the first of its kind to be tried, differing from the usual practice of hanging the drapes
vertically.
The band, which is known to many local people becau.se of its appearances at several local dances, has
Sports Notice
Director of the Activities Bureau Squires, treasurer, determines policy, which is exe- Only PIA Members Vote „ Only PIA members can vote for
the officers and membership card and passports must be shown. All students can vote for ward chaii*man upon piesentatioii of their
passports.
There will be no active PIA organization during this summer, but
ty section of the freshman bible;
All the newly elected junior sports editors and all freshman workers are to attend an important meeting tonight in the Exponent olfice in the Union at 7 p.m. CLARK
■ Office, supervising the clerical
and personnel work; Interviewing,
for FeUOUay which interviews the freshman ' T / class every year; Publicity; Proj- , .
... of the University Military ects, which conducts the clerical incoming board will act as a
department, has been promoted to work for the War Council in addi-
representative body of the inde-
raent will be held in cheek by ft country constantly on guatSl id watch for their government's tois-
lakes.
“'Two things will happen to the
American Way of life after the
emergency,” stated McVey.
things will just go on and in tiiqf
they will be straightened out as
Major, Field Artillery, Army of the tion to other projects; and Eligi- sotiial ac- be or t^rastic changes
tivities will be offered for independent students, however, and mem-
United States. Major Feuquay bility, working with the Univer-
joined the staff here last February sity extra-curricular activities com- , , . ^ , . .
when he came f.om Fort Bragg, mitlee to determine the eligibility N. C. of students for activities.
^Pleasure Time’ Contest Owen Trains Glee Club For Radio
All entertainment will be sponsoi’ed
by the PIA board.
The incoming board will take over active duty in the fall semester, and the usual social affairs and other
immediately be put into effect, last prediction is highly probabks and we must be ready to ntakb tilMJ changes when they come.” _ - Last In Series ,5 The convocation last night is tlw last of the series of three lectutes McVey delivered to campus orgftl^
activities will be offered during the jzations. The other two talks WaW
next two semesters for the price of
one dollar.
As one of the final steps in the
isited the campus before, although preparations of the University Glee Friday night will maik its fiist ap- Club for enteiing the “Pleasure pearance here this year. Time National Glee Club CompeSongstress Betty Day tition,” Paul Owen, singer and rep- ^
Those who have danced before rosentative of Fi ed Waring’s Pleas- tional finals in May. to the music of Ace Biigode have ure Time broadcasting program will Fred War’ing, originator
arettes, sponsors of the Waring Development of his own glee club piogiams as well as the contest, has one of Waring’s chief occupaare offering a free trip to New tions since his days at Penn State. York to regional contest winners His Glee Club technique, consistwhere they will compete in the na- ing- of the “tone syllable method
founded on common sense and the of the absence of jingo,” is respected by
State Elevator Operators Get Instruction In Grain Grading From Ag School
given before the Agricultural staff at their monthly luncheon and <0 the Social Science Seminar.
Six Speech Finalists Will Vie For Prizes
Thirty-five grain and elevator men were at the University Monday and Tuesday for the annual
Next Tuesday evening at 7:30 tha six finalists in the Hanley Speeab contest will present their talks* Those engineering students wko
noticed that, in accordance with the campus Thursday to advise contest, has wiitten over seventy- college organizations, as well as policy of that hand-leader to pio- the organization in auditioning and five pep and alma matei songs for other amateur and profe.ssional
vide plenty of wouls to the music, cutting records for the contest. schools all ovei the United States groups.
the spotlight falls often on Betty Undei the direction of Albert P. and has leaturod them on the radio Two songs, in addition to “All gj-gin grading school conducted by vvill speak are: Bill Peters, sophDay, who sings the wouls to the Stewart, the Glee Club will com- with his own top-ianking glee club. Through the Night,” will be sung pj.^f p p Robbins of the Agron- omore chemical; Bill Gaugh, sOpbo* popular tunes of the day. pete against one hundred and fifty Radio editois have voted his Pleas- by the University group in legional staff, who has charge of the
Daiiceis may attend in either colleges foi the first national glee ure time piogram as the best fif- competition with seventeen college ’ sport clothes 01 evening dress, as club championship in the histoiy of toeii-minute show on the air foi entries fiom Ohio, Kentucky and
everything from tails to sweatcis college singing. Chesterfield Cig- the last three years. Indiana, and saddles will be considered
No coisages will be al
pi oper lowed.
All PIA membeis and their dates will be admitted free. Non-members will be charged $1.10.
Firsf Interfrat'ernity Chess Tourney Start's Tiophy will he piesciited to the
Needle And Thread Come Into Own; Coeds Must Vie With Seamstress
grain grading instructional work. Others on the program included Dr. G. H. Cutler, of the same department, who discussed new vari-
more mechanical; Don Sinish, senior public service; Mauirice Udes, junior electrical; Lew Cohen, sophomore civil; and Dick Delong, sopho-
more electi'ical.
eties of grains and 1. D. Mayer, of Prizes To Be Awarded
By Jeanne I’ersliiiig American women are (liscoveiing
Professor Walersiein Will Demonstrate Polarized
winning fraternity chess team in the that a needle and thiead can go a Inter-Fratei nity chess tournament long way m meeting clothing needs
the agricultural engineeiing staff, who spoke on farm storage of grain
to reduce* losses.
Thi •ee Schools Scheduled
Prof Robbins has scheduled three similar schools in various parts of the state to serve the grain men in those sections. The othei schools will be held in the following oulei: Fort Wayne Indian Village (Sears
light At Open Meeting
Tonight at 7:30 in Room 212 of the Union Dr. Walerstein of the physics depaitment will demonstrate polarized light at an open meeting of the Society of Automotive Engineeis. This piactical demonstration of how polaiizocl light aids the human eye under exasperating driving conditions will show' the manner in which the automotive industry intends to conquer a serious problem. • Stress analysis of geais and structural members, such as automobile frames, will also be demonstrated by the use of polarized fight. Anyone may attend the lecture.
which started this week. The members of'the second place team will lecoivc keys. The touinoy is the first one to be held on the campus and is of the single elimination type. All first lound matches must be played by
Satin day.
this year. With the war making heavy demands on all matei nils . . . wools, silk and nylon in particular, and on all production machineiy, the task ot making, or remaking, one’s clothes applies to the college girl as well as to her mother. The coed of a home ec institution
Court House, April 6 and 7. Vincennes YMCA, Apiil 13 and 14.
Foundation
sponsibility and before going fai in her plans lor buying clothes she
. . . announces the election of the should take caicful stock o1 what is following senioi executives: Recie- already in hei wardiobe. After deation, Kenneth Truax, Danville; ciding what it needs foi the coming Missions, Emma Belle Whitenack, season, she should see what she herWest Lafayette; Social Service, self can make. Fred Tanigawa, Hawaii; Worship, Many Usable Materials
such as ouis should feel this re- I'lly’s clothing and textile dopait-
meiiti offeis coiiises in which the coed, who does not have the time to spend outside of class, may spend several class houis a week in re-
ti im, alter and refinish. No doubt, can lie fiinsheil with contiasting some entirely new things will be ineees of new matei lals foi collars, needed, hut she may decide that cuff’s and belts. Play.suits reciuire
some of these can be made moie little matei ial and can be made of Roebuck recreational center at edge economically at home than they can practically any cotton fabiic and at- gRy) March 30 and 31. Rushville
traetively finished with inexpensive
trim.
Plans foi sewing and remaking wifi be more successful if the job is done systciuatically. The things that can be used, either as they are or with only slight alteiations, will be the best economics . . . both in time and in money. Somotin^es simlile refitting, such as jiuttiiig in a
he bought at the store.
Most commeicial patteins have complete and cleai sewing instructions, while bulletins available from govei nment agencies have many useful tips on handling materials and finishing details. The Univer-
D. S. Myer Named County Agent Leader On Ag Staff
The first prize will be a $26 dtfense bond, the second, $15 in Cft$h> Five other awards amounting to $60 will be presented. These prizes aw> donated by William A. Hanleyi Mil ’ll, member of the UniversHar
Board of Trustees.
Judges will be Prof. R. G. Thorns^ of the history, economics, and government department; Prof. IP. ||. Lull of the English departanetli; Prof. A. H. -Monroe of the speeek department; Prof. H. G. Venetottlto of the school of mechanical en^neering; and Prof. C. L. Lovell ^ the school of chemical and metal-
lurgical engineering.
Dillon S. Myei, foiniei assistant county agent leadei on the Uiiivei-
modeliiig worn 01 dated articles of clothing. Cotton Frocks Easy Remaking a coat or suit might be
Hersh Kilgore, Upland; and Ediica- Some of the things needed can an overly ambitious project for the
new hem, changing a waistline 01 a sity Agricultuial Extension staff, sleeve style, are the only iciiova- has been named Acting Administrations a garment needs. New col- lor of the Agi icultural Conseivalar and cuff's can sometimes make a tion and Adjustment Administranew dress out of an old one. tion in Washington by Claude R. And the ragman should not be Wickaul, Secretary of Agriculture, forgotten. He should be given all Myer at one time was agiicul-
C. W. Lewis Wins Union Prom Backdrop Contest Charles Lewis won the Prom
Backdiop Contest, it was annouite^ by the'’Student Union today. Six entries were placed in the contoS^> but all proved either too simple or
too complicated for usage. Since Lewis' entry came cloaesii to specifications, although it
too complicated, he was awarded ft
tion, Jim Billingsly, Greenwood. In- pcobubly he remade entirely of ina- beginner, but neat cotton frocks for the left over scraps and the things tiiral agent 111 Vanderburgh county, complementary ticket to the’il^toa||. stallatiori of newly-elected officers, torials or garments already on hand school and (ilay can be made easily that have no more wear left in Indiana, and spent two yeais us as- A backdrop is being designed committee chairmen, and senior ex- Others may reqiiiio the addition of and quickly. Using the good pait of them. For cottons, silks and wool- sistaiit leader ot agents m this will conform with specificatioBS llfif eciitives will be hold March 29. small amounts of new-material to old drosses no longer in stylo, these ens can all be salvaged and reused, state. the Union Prom committee. ,
'fi V
I K
TTT'V^
PiXfdue • Exponent
Thupsddy, March 26,^1942
mk
t *
tmt
-TOKYO-
-BlRLIN
l4^teduup JhjL (hoA.
-awOB
i«lownS“b«t tKfe next time Gen Douglas MacArtiiul ^es down the main sticet of this city with seven hmllion people, enough papei Will fall on the pavement that when it is all collected and s6ld at the itehtest junk yard—the national debt Will end up ■With only (hiec significant figuies
mtiJum
MikailMteillaM
GRIN AND ' ,
By L4^tily
Iiimirt
Perhaps theie aie some people in this count!v who lhaw never heard of such men as Geoige WashingAbe Li'ncoln, Jack Bennv, Tom Haimon, Lind ItaoSeVelt, Hitter, oi Dick Tiac>—but be thcie a man Bhwrt of dead wlio has evei to himself said ^Who’s MacAithui
Since the Philippine Inlands have come to mean ^btaettiing jnoio to the American people than pist aputher vay foi goods inaae with cheap labor to en ter oui maikets without an impoit duty, Gen MacAithui has received moie publicity on the an, in the newspapers, and in the magazines than any cigai ette hae received in the last ten veais Douglas MacAithpr may uevei go into an H G IVells’ histoiv as the “Father of his countiy, ’ but he uncontested as “His cpoptny’s favorite son' ’
Little kids have been taught to add “and bless General MacAithtii” to then nightly piayers, Willkie and Roosevelt buttons have been replaced by the M*cAithiu pin, Haivaid has bestowed a degiee upon ban, stiects have been named after him, the Republicans have practically nominated him foi President, the Jones’ families ai e naming their youngun* “Geneial Douglas MacAithui” Jones, and last Satmday when he kpoke for two minutes on the radio—moie people listened than usually tune m on the World Sei les 01 Rose Bowl games
When Lindy returned fiom London, when Coiiigan returned from Iieland, and when Peishmg letureed from Fiance the people on Wall Stieet m New York City honoied them bv eniptjing then waste basTcets containing tickei tape papei out the win-
Aftei this fiacas is ovei this country will leally show its appieciation to this man who has given the Ameiiean peole something to talk about on the telephones and ovei the back fences Spencer Tracy can make a picture entitled “The Life of MacAithui,” Gaiy Coopei can make “Geneial MacArthui,” Bob Tayloi tan make “A MacAithui in West Point,” ^nd Mickey Rooney can stai in the new “MacArthui Senes ” Then someday when oui giandchildien come to visit us—we can i elate bow We lemembei way back when the name MacAithui was something more than a good five-cent cigai i t e
a, CdaA, (hp, JhiA. (jdeeL
Merry-Go-R&und...
The new armor} was swiftly be ing put into A 1 condition m ex pectanc} of 500 drafted men i eport ing foi tiaimng heie Apnl 1 All that remamed was the coveiing oi the diit flooi with wooden blocks A mess hall noith of the Aimoiy was about to be staited Compos atmosphere not being scholastic to the latest degiee was the leason given by the legistiai that ten pei cent of the students received low enough giades that they weie foiced to leave school and 25 pel cent leceived conditions He went on to say that the student body was patiiotic and intense, but ex tremely neivous, conditions which ^o not make foi the gieatest con centiation foi studies “Butch” Scanlon, assistant foot ball coach uiged all men who had any giidiion ability to lepoit foi spiing football piactice He warned that those who did not lepoit would not be consideied in the tall i,'hen the team was chosen First day net receipts of the sales of Thrift Stamps soaied to ovei $1800 as students on the campus flocked to make then pui chases One Bundled pei cent clubs in most ef the foateinity houses were being foimed, a house being eligible foi membeiship aftei each piembei had purchasd a certain amount of stamps Ab engineering student wiotc to a professor on the campus “If I ever foi get 'to count ten befoie one of these Fienchmen theie’s going to be a mm-der m Fiance I d like to know how we aie going to win the war when we have to contend with the most inefficient people in the world The French homes aie full of eooties, theie is no sewage system, gas IS pool and streets aie dirty, lights m town go out on the aVeiage of thiee times a week and the tiams are woxse than the ‘Pui due Only ’ ” A short course foi gaidencis was sponsoied by the Univeisity and de signed to help those people who Wished to leain about the gat dens the goveinment was uiging evciy one to plant As part of the pio gram a house to house campaign was made the soliciboi, listing all vacant lots suitable foi i using gai dene Lt Srufio Itosefii ofhcci in the Italian Aimy talked to the students and faculty of the Unncrsity at a
< Continued fiom page 1) Biddle, ordeied him to get tough and do so immediately • Army vs. Navy Col Joseph E Myeis, letired, President of the Aviation Defense Association recently testified be foie the House Rules Committee that an Ai my pilot told him Ai my an patiols weie not free to drop bombs on submaiines until they got clearance fiom the Navy When an Aimy bombei spots a submaiine, Col Myers said, it has to withhold action until it can repoit the location to Naval authoi ities and get pei^iission to attack Navy’s leason foi this requiiement is ostensibly to prefect U S submaiines, but why they cannot infoim the Army in advance of location of U S submaiines remains unexplained Also what value aie U S submaiines off the Atlantic coast these days "> • Aluminum Slow-Down Though the gieat majoiity of la hoi IS 100 pel cent foi speeding the wai piogiam, a lecent incident at the Aluminum Coipoiation plant in Cleveland illustiates how a small gioup IS giving a black eye to all of laboi Last week the Aluminum Com pany put into effect a’ bonus plan in line with Roosevelt’s pioposal to speed pioduction thiough voluntaiy incentive But before the workers had a chance to try out the plan, they went on strike, fearing a speedup which would fO'rce them to accept faster standards of work indefinitely But finally the workers agreed they had not given the bonus plan a fair trial, so they Went back to work But then they instituted a definite slowdown, apparently to make suie that the bonus system does not work As a lesult, two aluminum fmnaces have been opeiatmg at only 50 pel cent capacity, and six otheis at fai less Meanwhile the Cleveland Oid-
moining convocation in Fowlei Hall Of the things the Lt dis cussed was the inteiesting and lo mantle pait his countiy was playing m the united effoit Abolishment of teaching Geiman in the Lafayette high school was be mg tonsideicd by school officials aftci noting the example set bj many othei schools Theie was much sentiment m lavoi of diseon linuing the eouise Init a laigc num b 1 ol students wanted it iel lined in the school cui i leiilum f oeds '■wung iortJi in the Memo 1 lal Gjmnasium as a new kind of entertainment was being iiiaugu laled a manless dance Men, the campus ovei could not figure out \ liy the lemahs were going, and they ieued that the piocidiue might go ovei successfully
nance Distiict telegiaphed the Wai Depaitment in Washington ^ “Union contends there is no slowdoivn Unless Delco-Remy Company, Anderson, Ind ; Ellison Engineering Company, Indianapolis, and other companies supplied by Alcoa have backlogs of material, which appears improbable, they will he seriously affected by this labor trouble ‘TBI entered picture today when a union steward, William I’ Finctre, pulled a thermo couple out because he wanted furnace temperature to run higher. This results m ii\ferior metal which would crack up in planes After thermo couple had been replaced, Finctre again pulled it out “Alex Bahnt, reportedly an alien and communist, who had moved to the background as head of Die-Casters Union, has again come to the foreground and was active in tonght’s meeting ” Note —Aluminum is one of the most piecious ingiedients to the an plane piogiam • Mert'y-Gd-Round Germany is famed foi its gusty dunking, but accoiding to Intelli gence lepoits, wai shortages have pioduced almost complete piobibi tion in Naziland Only veiy weak beei and cidei, and even then only in small quantities, is available All spnits have been oideied confis cated for the Aniiy Lawience Dennis wiote in one of his pio Fas cist books “If theie are supeiioi laces, it IS obvious that the Ger mans and Japanese belong in that class ” Now he seeks an Aimy com mission Kansas Demociatic leadeis aie complaining to national party chiefs ovei lack of state cam paign funds chaiging that Nation al Committeeman Lynn Biodriek is making no effoit to aid the State oiganization Latest candidate to be touted foi Miss Fiances Peikins’ job as Secre taiy of Laboi is bespectacled Ai thui Altmeyei, chairman of the So cial Secuiity Boaid Altmeyei is being boosted by what is known in Washington as the “Falls Rjvei (Md ) ciowd,’ leadeis of whom are Budget Diiectoi Haiold Smith Na tional Laboi fioaidmembel William Leiseison, and Mis Claie Beyti aggiessivc suboidmate of Miss Pei kins Congiessional ciitics of President Roosevelt are eaustieallj denoimce,d by A F Whitney while eiested president ol the Railioad Tiainmen m the latest issue of the union’s magazine In a lead editoi lal Whitney dcelaies, “No eongicss man oi congiessional committee no sonaloi Ol group in the Senate, no Axis agent oi anyone else seeking to use the wai to discredit the Pies ident will thiow any sand in oui eyes in any way useful in then do sire to advance a selhsh oi an ig noble puipose (Copyiight, 1942, by United Foa tuie Syndicate, Inc )
Co-Op Houses West 0{ Orohl St. To Hold I / Open House Sunday
Newman Club To Sponsor Recolledlon Confoi'mes
All Student Cooperative Houses west of Grant St will hold then annual open house this Sunday from S to 6 p m Accoiding to Kenneth Tiuax, social chairman of the Student Coopei ative Association, the houses paiticipatmg will include Antigomsh, 15 University St, Glide Pines, 225 South Giant St , Luma House, 406 State St, Kneale, R R 10, Gwen, 421 Univeisity St , Rochdale, 216 Waldion St,, and Shoemakei, 103 Russgll St Gpen house foi the rest of the houses will be held Apiil 12 The houses will be open to the public and PIA officials stated that stu dent and faculty mcmbeis are es peeially ingeel lo attend
All Univeisity Catholic sMdeiltS are invited tb attend A ddy td iSdollection piogiam to be held this Sdnday m St Maiy’s Catholic ChlibCh. The program, sponsored byi the Urtiveisity Newman Club, will"^p%in immediately after 9 30 mals, ^ Refreshments Will be atld the first conference will be held in the auditorium of the chuich Thb closing confeience will be helld 3pm and Holy Houi will be held fiom 4 30 to 5 30 p m Fathei Chqpman will speak the confciences artd will supeivisfe the entile piogiam
Phi Kappa Sigs Hold
Election^ Pledging
Foufidation To Sponsor Parf-y Tomorrow Nigfit; To Feature 'Chain Gang'
‘If Edwin does go to war, he’ll see it through—you know how he IS about leaving a party ”
Today On WBAA
YWCA Selects Cabinet
Officers, For Summer
THURSDAY
9 65 10 10 10 15 10 30 10 55 11 00 11 16 11 30 11 45 11 50 11 56 12 00 12 30 12 55 1 00 1 15 1 30 1 45 1 55 2 00 2 15 2 30 2 45 2 55 3 00 3 15 3 30
55 00 15 30 45 50 4 55 5 00 5 30 5 45 5 56 6 00 6 30 6 45
6 55 7 00
7 50 7 55 8 00 8 30 8 45 8 55 9 00 9 55 10 05
News The Cuiio Man Music Liston While You Woik News Fedeiated Clubs Music Paient Teachei Association Music Pin clue News News Agiicultuial Foium Meet the Band News Paieiits Foium Souvemib Science Review Mai kets New s Stoiy a Day The Apothecaiy Music Tieasure Chest News Mis Bachman—pianist Afternoon Melodies Musical Round Up News Tea Time Tunes Hend in the Hallway Music The Cm 10 Man Music News'’ Just Relax Vespeis Little Miss Muffett New s Dinnei Houi Spoils Review Pm dug’s Pei son ilif les’ — Dean Doiothy Stratton News Uibin Sociology with Plot 1 K Noss VIu 1C New Sto y Behind Music Ml Dexte —smgei F^ entule Fehoe s Ne ws Music m i New s Ofl the All
YWCA announced the appoint ment of the following cabinet membeis foi the summei term Glona Niemeyei, Viigima Mitten dorf, Dorothy Arvidson, Jane Dunbai, and Marthena DuBois Also membeis of the cabinet aie the officeis elected Maich 16 Piesident, Vivian Petti son, Vice-Pies-lelent, Caiolyn McCiaiy, Seeietaiy, Gindy Hague, and Tieasuiei, Chan Ball Thiee othei membeis of the piesent cabinet will continue to seive, Calista Creed, Betty Evans, and Lois Veit These membeis aie lequested to be present at the cabinet meeting tonight at 7 30 in the YWCA office
Tomoiiow night at 8 o’clock, membeis and fnends of the Wesley Foundation, Methodist student cen tei will assemble foi a ‘ penitcn tiaiy paity ’ The paity will be led by Paul Egklei Students aie to come gaibecl, if possible, in some soit of costume lepiosenting a jail A piize will be awaieled to the poison having the best ciiinmal outfit and anothei awaid will be made to the poison in the most sub-tie attiic A “chain gang” will be conducted thioughout the most interesting spots in the community All stu dents aie invited to come to the Foundation, 116 Sheetz St, at 8 o’clock Friday night
Phi Kappa Sigma, social fiatermty, iannounces the election of the following officeis Don Biophy, president, Rogeis Shutt, vice-piesi-dent, Buck White, social chan man; Jim King, house managoi, Larry Howaid, pledge mastei, Tom. Giovc, lecoidmg secietary; Barrett Billica alumni secietaiy, Chuck Steams, stewaid, Nick Stabile and Ken Aitken, seigeantS at arfn^. The following men weie pledged leeently^ Alex Callandfei, Gfeat Neck, N Y , John W Clank, Jacksonville 111 , Jack Criste, Wartetl, Ghio, Edwaid Fmgl, Chicago, HI ; Call Geppeit, Wilmette, 111; (3eorge Ililgendoif Wilmette, 111 , and Paul Williams, Boonville
^nfiitiififiMiiiiiiiiifHitiititiiiiiniiiittfNiiiitiinimft^i i Dr. A. M. Irion 1
— DENTIST — 119 V2 Northwestern Avt.
= Phone 4965 ^ iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiKiiiiHillKiinig’
Tau Kappa Epsilon
social fiatemity, announces the election and installation of the following officeis D R Glove, Prytams S A Pence Epi Piyfanis, H E Cook Giammateus, H B Canada, Hypophetes, W M Jones, Histoi, N Steshko, Hegemon, D R Schiamski Pyloites, F Deal, Ciysopholos, R Sptulding, Stewaid, R J Hajzyk, House Managei, J S Love Athletic Managei
ARC
TODAY THRU SAt.
— WITH — STUART ERWIN UNA MERMLE
ALSO
<iNG OF THE TEXAS RANGERS LATEST PATHE NEWS
HELD OVER
THROUGH SATURiDAY «Y POPULAR DEMAND
Umbard iennii
UIMVK11C1
LUMA
TODAY - FRI. - SAT. 2 FIRST RUN HITS
PundusL £xponmL All-Afflerican I940-'41
BREATERTIIjUiniEm inCOROUERI
Entered as second class matter al the i»ost oflite in Lafavette, Indiana, nnder the act of Congress of March 3. 1879 and at Ihe special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and ’weekly during the summer Session Delivered locally by carrier for $1 50 per year, mail sub scriptions, $4 00
Editor m Chief N«Wk Editor ManaeiUK hditor
Jo-hn t Amok Don T Brophy John H Armbtrong Coed Editor
Bnfimess Manaiter AKKiKtant BusineKK Manager Sportb Editor Alice Chatfied
William D Millard ICen K Gjemre Ted Clark
Publication Staff
It W B vMikJ D 1 But/ W G Hobkiii
iUitorial Buir
A r Huiur D W O hiltr Slun'tii fctaW D L Br u r J
B W Knot 1
Coed Staff Salh Bull Ctailotl Habs J an I aiirr Dori«
Pitktrmtf
W 1 Kifcrl
S Diwhii h L Karpitk
Business Staff
Coed BuKinesK Managrer Julia yiartiii AdvertisinK Manaters J M Wiifeht Circulation Manager G H Klouman Accounts Manager Irtna Torrtngi Junior Coed Managers Ellen Claik Jane Kiim
REDGRAVE HOBSON
PhitM*: Cditorml and Butincts, 4005; Sportf, 2792 Editorial After 10 P. M , 5377
l{c.j)icbtn£i_d for national advntisini, by National Advtrtis iYil Service Inc (ollejfc Publit^hers ReprfcsentativeH 410 MadiciOn Ave New York N Y
J.
ffglit Editor Hoskins legoe ^Hor Knhards,
li
Staff For This Issue Da> iditir f itlctring Reporters Gutrnsej Eauer Parsons Hass Schntnlir Sports td-tor KniKi Ri hards in Parsoiib
STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
FOR THIS SEASON’S MOST, EXCITiNC FILM ADVENTURE! | i» WAMU ms (-»«itk JEFFREY LYNN iHiUlpOOHN «.«,nV»NE Mono MARIS ,
PLUS-
A shockstreaked mystery that pulls no punches and keeps you guessing every minute
CORTEZ
HERO IN OVERALLS!
starrina ROBERT YOUNG with MARSHA HUNT
EXTRA JOY SUPERMAN Cartoon IN COLOR TRAVELOGUE LATEST WAR NEWS
TODAY-FRIDAY
DEFENSE , a o Njos!
’’■
V
ItHie wrestling
Cliude Reeclc will $ov, the ■NatioTnal ;. -^rdstlilag *hampi-
■ State. .;:Tbe
^l^jilig JtWir'staa't in the> elimihaavjujjd Friday afternoon, and i>^i,c'0ptjnne on through Saturday .a champion is ,crowned ii^ji^hs.:^Visioa..,, •’Sl||hh^;'|^i!l€rihalcer entries, will be .'^acDtinald, Maj'Jc Matoyina, '^^«p^-V(iri^govy,. Roh ■ B/itt .and l^ia^ieri, GaRtain: ..Casey FJP.^^ji-iiclth.; iyiir, pot; make the trip wishes to .have time to 'HP^fchoiastic, work and s||;|top|4hh WihiP. affairs, in general hh.s:;±G .report for duty ^'ii.|^e;.|la|rihe Corns, early in May. , poilermaker delega-.t|oiji'!-.^iJJ;;be..the ti'io of Big Ten Miokey .McDonald will M%|('e: first champ to see action he/gpes, to. the mat in the 121 alhss* Mark Matovina, titilist pound class, will see ac128 pound class in the l^l'h^hwihaliy occupied by Casey
iljjfilSlehdy.
out far from least of the he heavyweight Frank Prank, after a week on
■flfA^ipiGNIzil" EXPONENT
ADVERTISERS :
m
i:y'.^mtything for a ^ Cdllege Education
©BAG’S
the varsity football squad, has been hard at work to get |in shape for this meet. Then, as soon as the ,meeh is over 'Frank, will he back a^d.go to work with the football team .next week. ■ ■ ■ ' ., Fayored to win the meet will be Oklahoma A & M, the perenniajl.inr tereollegiate wrestling champion. Their strongest competitor ..shpuM be ,Michigan. State, runners Uji .la.st year. Other teams that are expected to be in the I'unning are fhe! Boilermakers as Big Ten ChamiHonB and the Eastern champs, .Penn State. Champions Return Five of the,.eight weight classes have the champions back to defend their titles. Michigan State has the Jennings twins who won the 121 and 128 pound titles last year, Oklahoma A & M has Brandt in the 145 pound class and Logan in the 1^ pound class. The rest is represented by Pennsylvania’s DiBittista, 175 pound titlist. About thirty teams will send entries to this meet. Since all the colleges that send entries to the meet do not send full squads, it is impossible to state definitely just how many entries there will be, but a reasonable estimate would be about three hundred. This meet is the biggest and most important amateur wrestling meet in the country. The A.A.U. meet normally does not have as many first class entries because of the good amateur wrestling done in the colleges. Furthermore, the A.A.U. meet this year is being held down in New Orleans which means that there will be only a few colleges represented at that meet.
il|l ■ ; Freshman Coach ‘ Pop Doan opened |the freshman bpseball iscgr ,sph f.bday,, when he ?ppk.e tpiai grppp of . abpiiit . 85: ptpspect,s,.;Pop flpihOPStepfed', .'fk.e.'prGpci', way tp, hold, and use,. a bpt;. pnd he .also capUpnedi aifi caadidatgs.. on., tjae eiigibjlity rales,.He warned the group :against top, much .enthusiastic) .ballwthrowr ing afi flm beginning, of the; season since,; itcan, eventually lead to , a sprp.,arm. Rules Stressed
EDdEHTON HDWE., INC. HAROWARE-PAiNTS and SUNDRIES E^R^MOiSI^RS and SANDERS FOR RENT 4354 We Deliver
K Pop pointed eut that a fresh varsity candidate .is ineligible for interfraternity; competition and. that such, a pej-son should make, his own deciMpn .in ;regard tp .the rule and abide by it. Pp.p introduced his a.ssistant, Burt Sanders, who also made, a short speech. .■ Coach Doane mentioned the fact that due to the war, the supply of baseballs and bats would be Curtailed. This means that the players will have to be a little more, careful when handling equipment. There will not be enough uniforms to go a.round sp that the playeys were told to report for practice In their oldest clothes. Since there will not be any major sport activities during the summer session. Pop said that an effort would be made to have the frosh baseball season lengthened to include the summer term, Sessions Start Practice -vyill begin today at 4 o’clock. It will be held at the north end of Intramural Field. All candidates are urged to bi'ing their own gloves and shoes. The bats and balls will be furnished by the University, and the session will usually last until 6 o’clock. There will be a practice session every day except Sunday if the weather permits. Pop has a no'vel method for announcing whether practice will be held or not. If there is a red card in the door of his office at the Fieldhouse it means that no practice will be held that day due to inclement weather. If there is a white card in the window of his office it means that practice will be held that day. - <
—With Ted Clark Basciball Teaiii Strong befonsivofy. But Hitting, Pitt King Are Weak
Dutch Fehring really put the baseball squad through its paces yestferterday afteraoon ... in fact, it was. 6:35 before the lads headed for the
showers. And some of them had been out the^-e on Ross-Ade Field since shortly after 3 o’clock. ,
. . . line coach at Northwestern University will be one of the,instructors at the annual Boilermaker football clinic. His work in building outstanding forward walls at the Evanston school is one of the big reasons why the Wildcats have been one of the best teams in the Big Ten in recent years. Burt will discuss the finer points of line play before the session. on Saturday morning, April 4.
Sigma Alpha Mu
. . . social fraternity, announces the election and installation of the following officers; Ralph Brick, Prior; Charles Friedman, Exchequer; Norman Goldstein, Recorder; Morton Marks, Historian; Stanley Lowy, Asst. Exchequer; Louis Cohen, Alumni Recorder; Howard Ceasar, Pledge Counsellor; Edward Lang, Steward; John Nestel. House Manager; Noi’man Goldstein, Athletic Manager; and Morton Marks, Correspondent.
Pi Beta Phi
The Dutchman told us an amusing one during the session. Sedihs as though he and Fosty Sprowl are going down to Greencastle high school basketball banquet. The gentleman who is planning the affair wrote to Fehring and tpld him what time to show up. As an afterthought the writer added, “By the way, Dutch, yon wouldn’t be interested in two left-handed pitchers, a classy douhle-play combination and three hard-hitting outfielders, would you ? ’’ Oh no, Dutch wouldn’t be interested. This writer Wouldn’t be interested if the University should suddenly bequeath him 60 hours of “B,” either. Among other things, the boys played a five inning game in the latter part of the afternoon and the sun had long since dipped below the horizqivwhen the playei’s trotted out to their positions for the fifth frame. Defensively, the Boilermakers will probably be the strongest team in the conferance this spring. However, pitching and batting will need niore polishing if Purdue ts to win .the majority of its games. The practice game yesterday bore out that statement. Tony Berto, Don Freiherr, Ed Misselhprn and Paul Petrich handled the mound chores, and Edl did well as evidenced by the 1-0 final score. But the hitting was far‘below par. Despite the efforts of both teams, and the fact that intrasquad competition is never too stringent only seven balls got beyond the infield.. That ain’t good. Bob Bailey, former gi'eat pitcher for the Boilermakers, is awaiting his call to the V-7 classification of the navy. Boh is still the property of the Cincinnati Reds, however, and hopes to return to organized hall after the nations of the world finally stop this folly that is called war. As a minor leaguer, Bailey provoked quite a bit of notice. Rogers Hornsby, former pilot of the St, Louis Browns, tagged Bailey as a comer a couple of years ago when Bailey pitched for the Lafayette Red Sox in ah exhibition game against the Brownies. As assistant to Fehring, Bailey has been coaching the pitchers. Dutch calls attention to the fact that Walt Leifheit is the only veteran on the mound corps and says that any credit for the success Boilermaker pitchers might have this year must be layed directly at Bailey’s door. Bailey is a slight lad and has a blazing fast ball. Anxious newcomers to the pitching staff will learn plenty from him. On Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday the Boilermakers will entertain St. Joseph College. Wabash will play a double header here Friday, followed by a single game on Saturday. These games will be of the annual southern jauiit each spring. Dutch is trying to persuade the coaches of these schools to bring along enough ball players so that one game can be carried on at Ross-Ade field and another on Russell field. The first regularly scheduled game ■will be with Ifotre Dame on the home diamond'April fl. The American and National league baseball pictures will be shown the following evening in the Music Hall at 7:30. Incidentally, there will be no admission charge to any of the Boilermaker home baseball games ; . , good point. Until the next time we gather around the water bucket its “30.”
Addition of the OfeE J Naval ’^'raining iti to the BoileimidcdF schedule as a . game for thisflounced yesterday j Mackey, athletic lowing the negotiations in a conversation with $4%^ authorities. ^ / v ^ . The addition of the Lakes game to the er schedule was maie any revision of exisding^iil^, as the all-star sailor crew peat here on Nervember T, originally been an open date on tllf Riveters’ card. With the Great Lakes ganife' fl'nally settled, Mackey antionhc^ that negotiations are now a»ddrr way for a tenth game with aj^ilieir service eleven, which he would be played either on Tmu^Sgiving Day or the Saturday ing. .. .... . The Great Lakes game WiU.igiye the Boilermakers probably most attractive home sehedi^ -ih history. The fortified Purdue schedhl^'^.as completed to date, follOvvs: . Sept. 26—Fprdhain here, ■ J ■ Oct. 3—Vanderbilt at Na&3sVi|ijt. Oct. lO—Northwestern tlier|!.,li Oct. 17—Ohio State at dqt^lb^. Oct. 24—-Wisconsin hBte. ' Oct. 31—lowa at lo'vra Cifcj." Nov. 7—Great Lakes Mre. ,’ y Nov. 14—^^Michigan ^tafe, ai ;.- East Lansing. \ Nov. 21—Indiana here. ' .i':
Wrestling, SwI
CHILDREN'S I^ANCING CLASSES NOW BEING ORGANIZED ENROLL SAT., MARCH 28 BALLET and TAP Classes Divided According to Age. PHONE 2150
ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
. . . social sorority, announces the election of the following officers: president, Sylvia Pittman; "vicepresident, Jean Moses; pledge sponsor, Ruth Holden; recording secretary, Jane Humphreys; censors, Jane Schiep and Jane Grimmer. Members of the executive council will be Jean Frankenberiy, senior, Betty Ward, junior, Margaret Miller, sophomore and Rachel Stewart, member at large.
Pearl Harbor Naval Yard Asks For Men To Work Overseas
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS!
"We’re backing them up
99
■\P\
Marching right along with the armed forces of this country are thousands of telephone workers. They work side by side with the Army an(i Navy. Wherever the need .is commu- ^ mcations, you are likely to find telephone Uaen ahd their trucks and materials. ■ Bay ami night the order is for speed jmd more speed. They wear no uniforms, these telephone Workers, hut men in uniform know how much they are putting into the Nation’s biggest job. They see it first-hand and they know it is first-rate.
•There*llbea Change in the Weather
*5 to 550
Some Styles Hither
#For that in-between season of vyet and chilly days, for comfort and warmth plus smart, authentic styling here’s a shoe that fulfills every requirement—the Fortune “Spring Brogue.”
Agent- for Bostonian . . . Jarman j. P. Smith Shoes
B. & W SHOE CO.
121 N. 4th Street
Additiouul civilian manpower is urgently needed at the Pearl Harbor Navy Yards. 'Workers are especially wanted as machinists, boilermakers, riggers, pipe-co.vefei]s, pipe insulators, shipfitters, ironworkers for ship-fitting duty, loftmen, punchers and shearers, flangetqrners, coppersmiths, ordnancemen, mechanics, forgers (heavy), and instrument makers. Maximum rates of pay with tinie and one half for overtime are allowed -for all employees in thepe fields; however, men skilled in these lines should apply only if their em-
ployers will release them from their present jobs, it was announced by C. P. Singley, secre'tary of the Board of U. S. Civil Service Examiners... Free transportation will be provided for the men who are hired. It was also stated that part of the salaries of the men may be paid to relatives or to banks in the United •States.
Clarence Henry
. ; . educational'Aifertor of the Chicago Board of Trade, spoke Tuesday befoi’e the graduate students and classes in marketing at the University. A former Indiana county agent and University extension staff member, Henry discussed present commodity marketing methods.
When you think about new clothes, let your first thoughts be of the contours beneqfh th^m. Let us show you how the proper type'^Custom Maid Brassiere^—^can transform your figure. No matter whaf your proportions, we can fit you, Custom Maid Brasand white . . . black lace, satin, and batiste.
Palais konal
A total of 74 insighift; 32 major' letters, five milfcn* , and 34 freshman varsity were awarded to the the wrestling, swinitmn‘^,;!;,';Sind squash teams at a meeting,-of, ia| Purdue Athletic Counfcil.'be'r^^l afternoon. . ' ' Eight major letters ■were to the Big Ten wrestKftg ship squad, 14 ma jor , lett^: ftd swimmers who wo-n the tereollegiate title, and seven to the squash team 'WhicH midwest collegiate tournament.',, -r" The complet list of letter by sports, follows; - . , S- V Wrestling y', Majors, — Robert Lafayette; Roger Glasiir^i^-^jj^l^l lowa; Casey Fi'edmckSj f ~ Velmar Davis, Corydogj;.^^ Eviston, Huntington^ ory, Indianapolis; Donald, Tulsa, Okla.;^^E^k;')k|p^ vina. East Chicago; . tore. East Chicago; kin, IlL; Frai^ Rug^ietkY^^^ BendJ ' . G . Minors—W. G. Thomi^a^ Ky.; S. B. WiHiams,::;G(|iii|i^ Ohio. . _■ - Freshman Numerals— wegen, Ghicago, 111.; Milford, Gonn.; J. B, castle; C. F. jk’edericks;.ftk&^lj»!^; D. I. Lozow, Gafy;''G. Bluffton;. D; R. waukee, Wis.; £. G. Swimming “ ... Majors-^D, B. cago. 111.; F. M. Lafayette; F. S. Fai^^^ ^ Bend; F. W. Hew, Soutfi] G. Kratzer, Keniaore, Lake, Deti-oit, Mich.; Oak Park, 111.; J. P. Ahclo^;. apolis, Ind.; J, Haven; J. R. Williamson,. Bend; fl. C. Bauer, Hamitiqhf^|^. E. Ericksen, Brooklyn, N. Y.; non- Hansel, New-Orleans, Li;;;'!. H. Juengst, New Rochelle, N. .T<;a ■ Minors—J. H. Horn, Fort George Soderling, Chicage, 111. Freshman Numerals^— nard, Chicle, HI.; J. Rockford, I'll.; V. .O. I^anw^ lulu, T. H.; W. V; Ohio; J. S. Fi|er, West Lafslfret^; E. A. Heidke, Chicago, , flcldefman, Chicago, 111.: C.-B* ton, Normal, 111.; M. W. Huntington; L. C. McCampt^j TVhiting; E. L. Mills; West LafRf* ettq; R. J. Nihai^ Rockford, Tlk;#. E. Rich, Battle Creek# Mich.; Shady, Fort Wayne; C. T. 'Yah^. , sen, Birminghatn, Mich. ; .k ■ Squash ' •. '-f;'' Majors—G. E. Adams, ville; W. J. Bqnd, Oak Park, ijk; R. W. Boydston, Royeg Fewest;llfej J. E. -Fant, Newcastle; N. ltf. ^oilL* .stein, Brooklyn, N. Y,; Millan,. Bedford; E. P. Wells, Minor—F. C. HCss, Atgos. . ( Freshman Niimerals—F. R. Indianapolis; Jack (Johen#.. MipljlBi N. Y.; Raymond Cohen. Univetiw City, Mo.; G. E. Gifford, ZanesVjj^ Ohio; J. B. Igleheart, Greenwi^’ Conn.; D. M. Long, Newark; Dlwj K. S. Marlin, Gary; J. W. MsitW, Chicago. 111.; W. S. Powers, ter, N. Y.; W. H. Ohio; J. P. Weil', Riverside, v
:4k':'
M
'sm.
siPuPduS Exponent
Thursday, March 1^
University Calendar
Thursday^ March 26
Alpha lambda Delta* Tnitintion services will be hold at 8 a m in room 282 of the Union Sund.ij, M.uch 29 All actives bi* there at " 80 Rrenkfast afterwards will be t) cents. —MiicDONOUn
3 00 (i*00
P.MPM.-
7:15 7:30 7:30 7:30 7-30 7 30 3*00
•Sciecn Review -Alpha Zota “Meal-less”
Banquet
P M.—Riding Club P M —Alpha Zeta Initiation P.M—Fust .Aid Classes P M —Cainei a Club PM—P I. A Choi us PM—Chnstiaii Student Fellowship PM—Civil All Patiol
II.lll of itlusic
Room 363, Union Room 306, Union Room 363, Union Room 302, Union Room 304, Union Towel, Union Room 307, Union Room 303, Union
High School Students Will Hold Model Plane Contest Here April 12
Sundat, -Apnl 12 an indooi model an plane contest foi iiinioi and scniof high school students i\i]l he held in the Fieldhouse Accoiding to Piofessoi W A Knapp assistant dean of enoineeiine the models will ho judged on the basis oi duiation of time in the an and the longest single flight of each class in each divi.sion of each event w'lll he the winning flyei Ribbons Awarded There will be events foi all balsa glideis and lubbei-pow'eied stick models all hand launched. Ribbons and ceitificates of meiit will be awaided the fiist five places in each contest. A flight to be called official inibst lemain in the an withfiut aid fiom the contestant foi at l<*ast 10 seconds. Contestants must be eni oiled in junioi oi senioi high schools this semestei Advance emollment may he made with Piofessoi Knapp who will be assisted by membeis of the Puidue Aei o-Modelei s Club R. L Sloan of that oigani7atioii will sei ve as contest dnectoi
Wanted Tull time *<lcnof;raplier anil general office asHistant. Purdue buck* ground preferred Apply liy letter. Kxponent Hox No 1.
T\p«writers Aflcljn^ M.iclnius .ill malcfs -*nld rtnlirl h p.nrod and pui cli.i-'f d Minuo, r iph \N<>iU d(nu (’ J OO'i Main, 1 11 ( U( Phone 2770
r«r lienl* I uini''h((l tlluuncN .ipnlimnl ith K I nf.'-ci ilor .ind )i( i{ Sec Mis I on^ Stile
Por Rent Suhiiihi Mode) n e It (t ne i in I'lione OliOhl
> ifiom huni alow Ne II Uruvi i''ily
Notices
Senior Cadet Officers. Rij.n up immediately <111 advuued e.our^e bulletin Iio.ImI toi appointments in hive* pictuies taken /OIINSON
Alpha Zeta Pledges And Actives nanquet d.ite ehaiUMfl to Jliursel.iy Much 20 in loom iOel of Union Ixe luse ol l.ile eonflicl on Univcisitv f ilenelir PIedj.( tests ariel inihition will he Wednesdiy M.ueh 2" Pledges cont.ut Diesslin loi nilionil .mil loe i! constitutions — SWAIM
Ceres Pledges Sec Weathers for Ceres Pullelin as soon as peissililc - wPA'ini ns
Glider Huh Meeting 'Ihuiselac Maich 20 .it 10 )i ni in Union Uooni will ht an nounce d 1 lU i CAl 1 I* I
PIA Board Members Pineput tuKets an hlly t( ills SU i INI it
Ag Honorary Will Listen, Not Eat, At Dinner Tonight
Mtsley Players Meeting it tlu Poiindalion Ihuisda> Miieh 21) it 7 ID I’lol H Ken C.uniicheJ will lx tin spi ik i —flOItlON
Aiiswei ing the nation’s need foi financial aid, Alpha Zeta, agiiculImal honoiaiv, will hold a “mealless” banquet this evening at 7 30 in the Union, Room 363. Tins meeting will be sub'=titutcd foi the annual initiation banquet Except foi the Pieai this “hnii quet’ will be held in the usual sfyle Pi of C B Muiphc, of the histon, economics, and govoinmcnt dojiait ment, wnll be the speakei ot the night, and he will talk about cuirent aftans The Alpha Zeta Fieshmcn Scholaiship Tiophv will be pi evented to the iieshmen agiicultuie student who made the highest index foi last semestei Money taken in will be used to aid the Red Cioss, and toi the puichase of defense bonds Alumni, actives, and pledges will be picsent
( aUilyst tlub Ileetiun eii olliieis Wed Mesday Apiil 1 it 7 0 bi*ii list in Di Lovtlls ollue xnd j»u k u)> i (opv ol tlu lonstilution lx lore lui^sdiv noon YODFR
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD ). RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 Schultx Bldg. 4th and Mam St Lafayette
exponent St.lff '^Iheic will be nructini of ill newly elected jiinioi ed ind coed idi tnsinlhc Exponent oHici Situidiv Much 28 at 1 •{() IMP It IS impoit.int that \on lx thcic BROPHY
nnKineenng Students Ihin will lx ni open muting <1 the ASMIC r<\t Tut'-dix Mai h j1 a i U )) m in loom 2f)f ol th M ! Pi I’din >ohn \ Dunnci Unueisilv patiiif ilt()in(\ vill spesiK on Patent 1 iw ind iis Kelitum to the Ln nuti 'lOPINK'V
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 56214
Union bophomore Workers* Then will lx \ti\ iinpoi’inl meitina in the Union ol ( Viaidi 2(> it I 1 ) PKasc be piC'^eni - HUDSON
PH Chorus Iheu uoiin„ in Soulh Tow ^0 pm Bo the 1C '
e ill bo an inipoi t ml 1 loom Mur eh 2lf it -SOPCAK
Student benate Mcctiiv will be he d Fue di\ Mauh -U at ' 'iO pm in the ben.ite ollice on ice Is will be clcHled DIBOb
SC A Ldiicational Chairman Ihoio will lx an impoitant moclintr Tucsda\ Maieh dl in tlu bC \ loom it I )) m —MeCRAUA
Scabbard and Blade Mtc'ting last ni«:hl was postponed bceaiiso ot the eonvocition Ihcie will ho one Miiib 2f) at 7 30 p ni in the Union Bo'^t Soldier Contort iiid paiU will he iiin o\ci SULLIVAN
Theta Chi
. . .social fiatoinity, announces the election ot the tollowing men Coinelium Calahan, piesident, Bill Shimei, vice piesident. Dale Motlet, secietaiv, Chailc“; Keene, ti ea*;uiei, Edwaid Cycenas, house manage!; Dave Ochiltiee, stcwaid, Robeit Willi, chaplain, Haiiv Petiit, pledge maishall, Paul Davis, histoiian, Willas Veimilion, libtai lan and Robeit .Shelhoin, assistant ti easui ei
I'M ON THE TRAIL OF FUN IN MY «
True American to its Ktry toes this clever moc for fun or defense work.
Wl sSJiOP/i.
I'HKSENTS nm HIT PAH/iPE 0^ mum
At 37c
WiUuh llriino) 1 hf I Miipll,.litri s SticiiHir I vt II sit \« 11
llllllllT I)|)I I'V I oiiH)i I (Its s Sunn < I It. GIj.I III I.
(.Irllil M dll I llllli lill it I Ik sioi \ \ SI III V Ni„lit Sl vh.k
1 ifclilv M irlm Itliii htnl WIkk-Iui 1(111 \u W li It Dim s \ Soblii I 111 nil Ol '
itriiiiv f.iiodtiiaii Irr-iO IfiiMlur \ stunt, ol Pr n I
01,1,
i t-n K» npa Ol i h IIk* t iissiin (,tt Itolliii^ -\lonu rix Mjiiix llMnn
At 53c
( I iileli I lioi iiiilii I In I iiiip oi Ml M I nil
Hunt Inins ( n'luiilufi 1 Ki nil nilii I 1 on I ul \i;il.t 1 S ml V I*. iM I
I oiiniu Doi s< \ \\ lull I I In I Inn,. ( ilb I I u' i o\i S« ml \ 1 ittb (.ill oi Ito I
Did I 1 I{iii,.lon I i< I Don I Know \\ li it Kniil of Itinis I ( i All 1 on SIX 1 inp ^
in tho McT.oftn Music Stoio 514 Mam St.
Westminster Foundation: The foundnfion will have no parties until Easter Aftei E.istci at ion t two more social functions urn planned A lolUi sUntlnff pnitj is pl.nnnod immcdialelv .iftei Eastci and a picnic 1 planned foi the' latter part of Apnl -CLARK
Science Seniors: All science seniois who have not railed .it mv office in the past •week to (ill nut Scnieji blanks ai< rcqucbtcd t<5 do M) at nntf LNDERS
Pralernlly Affairs Office Chess Tournev All hist lounel match usults miiBt be icpnitee! to the ollnc by Satuid.iv, Maich 28 WILCOX
WAA. "Inmhlds come to piactico foi Penny Carnival 'Ihiiisdny, Maich 2G Eveiyiiin nuHt h( lluH No piacticc held on Tnesda\S V BAUGHMAN
WAA* Baseball piaeticcs hold on Wodtusclav and 1‘ndav, Mauh 25 and 27 Three prnetnis air lerpiiud foi intiamuial BAUGHMAN
PIA Members* Djinci scheduled foi this rii<lii\ tvennu'' if 8 »0 pm will be held SMULEVITZ
Socirlv of Automotive Lng-ineers: Di Willoistein will tilk on polan/cd ludit and ckstiiht ixpc!munis loi d<fe innnina: the sli(ss(s in Kdiis next Thnisekn Maich 2h m loom 212 ol the Union ,il 7 ^0 pm Wc wmilei .tppieelile hill .itUlxluue KEIL
Puidtie rijiiiir (liih: Duo to CAP Nav\ d..\ meet in Vinctiiius and IvansvilK on Satuiday and Sunday Much 2S ami 2‘> the sditdiilcd an meet will be postixincd until Apnl 12 Plans foi the an micl will he eliseusstd it tlu next ujrulai nu<1inir Poi infoi ni.ition tall Btinhai<l oi Hihicht BERNHARD
AIML Members. Meeting Huns Mateb 2(i at 7 10 pm in leiom 501 ol (lie Unxm r .1 Robbins will spe tk on tlu (old finishing ol steel STARKEY
Indciicndenl Staff Ihtitions foi junioi and hcnioi ollices .ni due not litii than Thins Match 2(i at I 10 pm at the PIA box at tin east desk ol flu Union oi in the Imlf pe ndi nt oil u e SM 01 LVI1 /
Aeromodelers: Impoii ml nuetiiu*: Ihurs (1 i> Mii(h 21) in loom HO in the Union Piouiam will lx .minted Please he piestnf SMPIH
Condition rxnminations• Exams in AM 21 and AM 22 will lx* tnven in loom 110 IKsivilon Hall on Silin<la> Mneh 28 tnmi 1 to 4 Pe units may he ohlaiixd in fix ni.nn ofltec of 1I( ivilon Hall —P(K)RMAN
(. r 21 Makeups* Examin ition to nmnvo Cird I jiades in ( L 21 (streses) will he j^ive n in lexim 101 of the ('ivil Bmlelin;^ lioni 1-1 pm Satuidav Mneh 28 Ihise (on e<rh«d(onlul me it once SONl SON
Plying: ( liih • ( luh kc>s ha\ e ai live <! An\ - one wishnu lluns now may phone me if ior, { HAHKHl
WAA* Tumbling juiehces will lx held onl> on 'Ihuisdiy Mneh 20 Imivoih must he iiiesenl foi woik on file Penny ( n ni\ il BAUGHMAN
//
. ivAciL h) w&aJt, ikidu SpJiinq^
« « • •
Fnlliiw till! EXPnKEIVT fnr
lliR 1,'iln.sl .Siirinii Styles.
3'if^
ADVERTISE IN THE
So Read Your Exponent Advertising
Keep up with the latest. Know what to buy and where.