y-./if'i ,A
w
1^
-Dnu aqfm'jtAv •uoissajo.id oisnui .iBi •uatuy ^iAiSJaAiu/i ;<5:q-«p ui pa!joafap ‘jinos auQ aq^ Jo ^uoa jsd gg- SuisuduioD pue aosnao uosmqoa uaaM^aq papiA *:^no J{dOM. pu« Ja^sautas atari; g'B iuaj;q0jd 0l|!| -ndod aq't JO doj aqj jb spu^^s uoi^bz siqj osoqo j quiqj noit op Aq^ -aiHUi ' auoiv ag ox ?«baV I nuapnjs ouq ./iquiSuo oqj ui Xjjoq -ip Xiuoao mayA sjuopnjs autuiiuaj ’ py^ nj^og aBlJOW 10 Saaquiaui rw IBtll ‘tlHU 01 Itld -!»«.,o sntaun i„poa, euo i,uo .,.,d A,„ „ to..v s ’n o/» • df pup 'Ra u.d Xu. ,o 9.,r„o,d u Pq, Jo ,U90 »d gj- 3u,u.«u.m 8,j, U0I,89nb 3qi USUM ‘pa,S933ns pMM aran •sSoq ,s.toqqSi0u o3 xuppoAV i ’ouioq jb Abjs pj papua^vj, 'g 'g qAj,, oj .tajjai b ui aAi{)„ ‘piBS puB AvaiA oijspBa.i a.ioiu 'aDiopa aqj .loj r^-^nd- .t rc» 1{JIM. oSB^.ioqs jBaui iboo[ b paAfos ‘osbo aqj s,jBqj jj,, ‘piBS oqs ‘puBisi odopAuo posso.tppB-jias ‘padmBjs b b >[ooj spa aqj jo juaa uad 66’6I suoSBa.t Supiaduii aqj aq oj pauiaas *1113(^0^0 aq; iiptOAap aq uaqM, uoav aq diqsjB iBoiqjAui aqj uo pajjiui.xad aq oj sbav sasopua oqM. auoAuB oj quas aq piAX ^ Abav -^qnBaq AfUBiu puB ssaupa33nj aup aAfOS pjnOAV pUP x?poq ;uapn;s aq; JO sa^Ca ai|; Uf Uiaq; ttiaapaJt -pqas B jq anq.xiA Aq jaqBUi BupB siq uoiuBduxoa auo Apo quqq pa.xnsSB qsp paqiqaaa y -pBui aqq q:^nojqq -Aub‘Suo.xbs b qnoqqiAV puBjsi q,xasap -nosBui s,uuAij[ 'uo.xadBqa ajBnbapB x^|UlP;aao p[nOAV Siqj, ^ aOBjd lacload aq; UI qauq HJ^Xa aa^cl papuaqqB uin.xQopi -aApu uoxqnqtqs uaqA\^ „iUBiu auo aq qi qsnn,,‘paild ^uas aq qpBa qnq ‘Suiqsa.xaqqj aJaAx b s.quq^V 'uoiSBoao aqq oq uoxq ub sb uasoqa sbav .xaq.xa^ Aupi Bupg puB do; aq; o; dn'quilp O; Suipiinq aq; 10 ;qiiaq SufUiaKl^ aq; ‘pauoiqsanb puB paddoqs uaqAV s«oxuxdo pa aqq jo quaa .xad n-laqqo -Bxidsux aAx3 oq uasoqa sbav AqqoQ -uuAi^ pa-xg ‘ouaq axAOUx aquoA uaiu'SunoA uaAap aq; MOqU ;ou k^^„ ‘SUI aD93i oq. pousisep uotq^ziuBs.TO t^ois gqj, ’siqq st? nons snoLxos ^ jo o.xnqoid aqq puB ‘snoiAqo st?Av -ipq^ 9Soqo saT^iuaq; sndaiBO ^ .t 'a i n-r ii -r mxwf -nui apqBSxaA b ‘^xig s^.xaqBajqqDoqj,, ° a.xoxu aqq jo auQ Suipiipui qq.xoAV si qatqAV jo auou qatS uid aqq jo uoiqaapg „MnouiBq aqq jo quaa jad t’^'66 'snoxuiuBun aAi;'BAaasUOa aiOUI a|;;i{ 'B SBAV BUiaqaOf[ AOSSajOJtg aqq paxuuoj um.xQapj ‘xu.xb^^; pua j ubi\[ auQ UBqj, ajoi\[ <squiod qB.xaAas uo pasuq sbav aoioqa Aqqo.xoQ jo aanqaid b puB ‘[.xiS qsoiuiB a.xaAV suaAvsuB aqq ‘pau.iaa ■;uauiaounouUB Oi;SBJ[p aq; aouiS paq Siq o; pauquoa qaaq aquqg 3tDoa aiqqxq uio.xj SuiqBnpB.x.3 ^-A.xqsixuaqa .xiaqx'auxBj .paqBxip; aqq puB A.x.iax,, uid Ah„‘paqoA spa uaqauqs-aAOi aqq -uoo a.xaAV spaoa aqq sb ubj sy SBq AlxadJ ; XnaaiJOD‘;T piltiqaj pUB i?][a;BipauiUIT UAVOp 3aip|mq aaqjB ‘uaquq -paquasaada.x axaAV uaq jo spiquassa uinuxiuiui aqq xuBai jo ‘Bui.xng xoj paqoA oqAV uaut ax[q jo quaa jad xo‘09 ‘Aqis.xaAiun aqq sui^ uuAij; g; SBAV uaXB; aq o; UOi;OB ;uapTAa ^I'uo aq; ;Bq;'pa I -uiq-iBH aoa Jo qu.ao .xad -loj Sutyo aqq ux saput jo sq.xBaq aqq ux qsa.xj .xaAa -os a.xout ‘AxOAOOSip aq; SuiUaaOUOO AVaiAaa;ui UB UJ UI puBq bSuod b pauuxoj aq ‘s.iBaA qqiAV papuB.xqs aq oq quBAV j,, ‘oavb ui si uoiqBzifBa.x jo adoq a[qqiq suioop aaiiBuio.x quqq SuiAvoqg uaAa a.iaAV sauo atqBquuxdun aqx ^ ^ .r it . . t . x uaaq.xnoj .xoj poqas apB.xS Suipuaq jo auoq b ui pauaAVSuB oqAV qod ubui axag qo^ py puBuiaQ uj sSuoxBg 'Suizbiub a.xaAv s.xaAvsuB ajfqBquud ‘SAVau qons JO SiajBaq oq; aiB xCaq; aouiS ‘xfpoq ;ttapn;S -qB .xaqjB ‘aaquq -jjaBub b ‘.xaqqBj -qsa.xj pazis.xapun ub ui .xaqsSunoA -sqi.xaui uaAVoduBui jo aSuqjoqs auxa.xqxa aqx ^ipuBpi q.xasap Apuoq b uo aq; moaj aoua[OIA qoui SutuajBaaq; B ;suibSB ;q3lU pUB ABp pa siq puB sqanp qad OAvq jo pasoduioo paxjaaqo-Azznj aqq sbav paqaafap puB auios SBq Bapi siq ‘uoiqisodaud aqq SuijpuBq ui aauai.xadxa quaa pauoo.xBui aq oq aqq qsoiu noA ppoAV -pj^nS Suiaq AVOU aiB uaui asaqj, ■s;OBJ 3uiSS9a;sip aq; paxaAOO ‘Bjqsaqauo qs.ip siq paq.xBqs pio.xbh anos osiy „-Abavb oq -auoiB aq oq B qqiAV aauaquas siq papua aq qBqq -aj stq jo astiBaaq paqxa sbav qqoiqa uioqAv' qqxjW,, ‘sbav uoiqsanb ut uoiq _y.y guonBinoiBO asioajd AxoA Jiaui UI uaui’ 3unoi au; .iCmBUni ‘•soxii i puB s.iBaA g JO oSb aqq qy quBAV i ‘apq —q siqq ui s.xBaA jnoj qoBj aqq aqidsaQ „-oq pjBAV.xoj qooi puB ‘suoiqBxiqis qans ui aauaixad -sanb aqx 'Aba-xiis uoiuido quapnqs ^ ‘ /c 9 x* uaqjy,,. ‘Sutq.xBq puB Suiu.xnq Aq oq Suiqqaxuos quBAV i ‘ApuBg AqBg -xa qBa.xS siq jo astiBaaq paqaaps siqq .xoj uoiqsanb aqq uo pazzinb puB ll^H '^OqABag ajnSB9IU o; saOAOAins UBUiqsajJ 3anOA
•qBa.xqa.x s,qsiq
-uap pauiBj B ‘5[UB<j iBuoiqB{q aSpug IBiayiqjy osib puB aSuB.x axuBs aqq jo saqa.xB uapBj snouiBj aqq JO SBuouiouaqd iB.xnqnu aqq oq qxau ‘a^iiBg qsipodo.iiqQ jnjiqnBaq aqq JO syiqqooj aqq ui Suqqsau aSBqiA aiqqii qnjqqSqap b ‘aassauuax ‘uoiq -aunp s.xaddaf ui ujoq sbav ‘3unoA aqinb piqs ajiqAV ‘oqiuSoaui snoiAqo SjOjqsaBxu aqq ‘lun.iQOjq ‘f pio.xBg •pasBap.x uaaq SBq .xapBaj (.xajaa.x b uo sjjnd aa.xqq .xaqjB) Sui -qsBp sqi qnoqB uoiqBuuojut iBxaiiaS puB iIao;siq Suiavouoj 9q; -uapi s^puBq 9q; o; ;uiq b sy
•(p9J[J9J
-aad ;b9ui) ;b9iu ao qsBO ui aaq;i9 ‘9[dnoo a9d ;b ;9S
U99q SBq uoissiuipy 'dnoaS UAvouq i?iiBU0i;BU b si ;t ;Bq; s90.inos 9[qBq9j[ uioaj p9Uj:B9i; U99q SBq ;i ;nq ;9ao9S b uibui9j qiAV jibjjb b[b3 9q; aoj puBg •s;iuij;9d J9q;B9AV ji piaig iB.inuiBj:;ui aq; jo pua q;aojfq aq; uo puB uoiUjf; aq; jo aSunog qsipaAvg aq; puB doqg ;aaAvg aq; ‘suiooaqBq q;oq ui -lu -b 08^8 ‘OT IP<^V ‘x^upan;Bg uo pjaq aq qiAV aouBp luiaj^-jo-pug |Bioads b ‘sai;iAi;0B {Btaos s.jtBaA siq; o; xBUiip b sb ;Bq; paaunouuB SBq p.iBoq aoiuas uoiufj
uoiqsanb aqq pa.xaAvsuB sp.xoa .xoiuas aui aAi{)„ ‘piBS ‘quiodAvaiA aunuasBUi sbav aosnxQ ‘Ijoipa -q ’g; quapisa.xg qiaxau.xoa a.xaAV squapnqs 009 .laAQ
■ uosxiaqdaqg pg Ag
A^imindoj s^uuAy smoi/g AaAjng
■ ■ ■ jqtiM P9U00JBW 8a 018>in noA p|noM oqM
(p aSBd ‘QNva xaaxsAW a^s) (f oSEd ‘aaaoai o^s)
MaAB[d oioaaid ail"! paAvaiAuaqui spaoa puB
aiuiaua ub puB sqsgBOOA pajxapun .xaqiunu aS.XBi aqq jq 'Apoq OAvq Suiqunoa qou saaaid gj SBq Avon quapnqs aqq uio.ij squaxuaqBqs uaqqtq puBq aqx 'auiBj oq asi.x ai.ioaqaui siq jqSnoiq suoiqBuiuiBxa qBuy aqq 3ui.inp uoiqBqnda.i aiqBiAua ub qimq J*’ uoiqduinsa.i jo quaxuaaunouuy
-xa pa.iaAvoi aq yiAV Aqis.iaAiufi aqq .loj aSB.iaAB aqq puB SuppBis uaaq aABq squapnqs aqq jo iB.iaAas quqq si ‘BiuaqaoH 'jo.xg Aq paqnqs SB ‘oSuBqa aqq .xoj uosBa.x aqj,
AaMSIHAV— 'OS:f uoouxaqjs ABpuojAi qxau AqxBd jaaq aaag
suqoQ
SBq ax[ „xig s.xaqBa.xqJiaog,, pjo aqq qnoqB pa.iaquao puBq aqq jo snaj
qi uiSy squapnqg
'^■qaniu ooq qiq oiqqq B dn qa[ .XBaA .xad sxu.xaq dajqq jo poqqaui .^aqq ‘saA[asuiaqq uo siqq qqSno.xq quasaud^ aqq uaqAV gt'61 ui qno qna saAiasxuoqq squapnqs oqx,, ‘Biua qnq s.iBaA qB.iaAas .xoj Aqis.xaA ->iaopi paqBqs ,,‘iuaiqo.xd inqiA siqq "I’-'n P^AVogoj uaaq SBq uBjd
Suippnq JO lUBa; b ;no ;uos j;b;s aq; jo saaquiaui aq; ‘Ai;aaxioo a3pnf o; A;qtqB aiaq; o; sb inj;qnop puB ‘asuadsns aq; puB;s o; aiqBun ApBuig "saAa aaSBa Aq aaAO paanod puB paaaAOo -un aaaAV pBji uopABaji ;s.ig aq; jo s;uudaniq paaa;;Bq puB p|o ;uaiu;aBdap ;Bq; ui qof SuiuBapasnou auios ui ;Bq; suiaas ;|
AaAjng uauiqgaij Suippiig
•„jaqSiq qauq
auo„ ‘asBjqd injaapuoM. aq; jo A;ioi;uaq;nB aq; o; gB |nj;qnop aioiu puB ajoui Suiuiooaq uaaq pBq jjb;s SuuaauiSug ijaiq aq; jo saaqiuaui oi;a3jaua ajoui aq; jo Avaj b auii; auios jo^ ; pa.Ta;;Bqs ‘uaqoaq ‘;gO| sr siq; JO qB ;Bq; quiq; o; avou puy •AjisaaAiuQ aq; jo saaquiaui Aq paqsuaqa ;soui auo aq; uaaq SBq asBuqd aq; puB uBSaq uoi;ip -Ba; A;isaaAiuj[q snqj, \,jaq3iq qauq auo„ aq pinoAv ;t aaAoaaotu ‘;qnqaj[ Agduioad aq ppoAV Suipqnq aq; ;Bq; paiBpap ‘A;tsj9A
■apBui aq yiAV sp.iBAVB qsBO iB.xa 'qDiua.ig q;ng puB so.in3g uaj
ag ‘3ii.xBio p.iojsa.iag jo uoisiA.iad -lufi aq; JO .lajtij: uaq; ‘;.iBuig ;uapisaag ‘uoijBotpap s;t ja;jB ns aqj .lapun aq yiAV jsajuoa aqx ApjBipaUIUIl ajg Aq poAoJEJSOp SBAV qBJJ UOpABajI
_ _ ... ... sa3pa[d -jsBUi-jTBq;bptmoaB . ■ qiiiT -Tan-^ailias iiiaiTm a.n- rr. r.in ^ISaqUinp aqj SBq 3110 qOiqAV aUlUI.iaj „ „ ^ ^ ‘
OJ .xaAVSUB axp aq pAV spuy pqAV siqx Jtajsaxuas jua-una aqj jo pua qaTaiuxaipiT am 3uomp man SUIOS a.IB OMITB AjIUOBJ pUB SJuapUJS AlJuanbaSUOO ‘SuiUanOUI
ana uoiisanb ou si axaui xuiui r suiBxa iBuy axBi uib3b tiiav °+ saijtu.iajBXj aqj buouib ppq ■ i.i ti a- tr t r- t it
qnq uoijsanb ou axaqj quiqj j„ » ^ Lannas ub ud L ^ ABp.ia^saA paaunou daap UI St SndUIBD aqj, -paSBapi SBAV SAVaU lUJpBajp aq; aoUlS
•uoipn^is aqj Apauia-i oj Aqs.iaAiun aqj jb sjuapnjs gB qaiqAV -vooaxBaA AiisxaAiun ‘suaarr auop SI 3uiqjai«os ssapn IviaAisuaj 'D'.i Sui^oy ^ooq.XBaA Aqs.iaAiun suyag : ^ Aq ABp.iajsaA papaAau a.iaAV suBjg ISOJ.UOJ SSdUqiUnQ
Buim£ jng BumiAuy Aeid o± ,x/s, PMU03
SUIDXI puf^ S00J3ea josuods og suqoa
DUJ@>|30|.4 ^@0j60“| *§
daap UI St snduiBD aqj,
A;tpidBj; SuqjjBq-aauoaoo q;iAV p9;j:od9j uaaq aABq sapping
i aaAvo{
qoiaq auo si ;i -jaqSiq qouq auo XON si ipu uoqABaji ‘H^H uoiyABau ‘sSuipqnq yBuoi;ipBj; jo |Buoi;ipBa; ;Bq; ;noqB gAvau 3uiqBaaqjiBaq puB Suipunojquinp oq; jo AaaAoosip aq; q;iAv ABpo; snduiBo aq; uoao pB pansua SBq guijiBAV puB aoAV qonjii
yoipnjisuo^ uo|iAe9j^ jq spej
don JOIIIO^ SOIIS^J^ AjO|SA|||| anJX iv ^^19 A}isj3AjUf^
SWIMMING POOL
Hits New High
Established 1889
* Who Done It?
EDIT: NIGHT CLUB In Union
Volume 55, No. 114
Purdue''University, Wesf' Lafayef-te, Indiana
Thursday, April 1, 1943
WOWS New Uniform Will /fcfi. Scratch At Same Time Climaxing weeks of concentrated effort and planning the announcement came last night that the WOWS will conscript all of the woman-power of the colleges throughout the country and that the University has been chosen as'the first school
to act as a test case.
The coeds, upon receiving their orders, will report to the. nearest WOWS (Wear Orange Wool Slacks) training station miss them, and neither would the in Kokomo, State of Frenzy, of the .students. Even the Desometime approximately on or f up the space formerly ,, ,, , , saved for beauty queens, to the betbefore, but maybe not quite m the neighborhood of the end of Hockema Relieved
Finds Situation Calls For Drastic Series Of
Drafts
Unless Orange Wool Shrinks Before Worn By
Coeds
thfi semester, possibly this one or
the next, they think.
At this time they will be taken through the induction center at Fort Drill and given their uniforms. There will be two sizes—too loose and too tight. Most, of the girls thus far questioned have shown preference for the too loose size since it will be too tight when they go out
in the first rain.
Orange Slacks 'I'o Be Identification The orange slacks will bo the identification tag of all the WOWS. These will be made of a new synthetic wool which not only itches, but scratches at the same time. In this way the girls will waste no time sciatching or squirming. All slacks will have blight blue plastic buttons with the names, address, and telephone number of each giil. Colonel Beer Will Command Colonel Beer, who will command the girls, reports that the morale of the Army has definitely been slipping, and that the girls will bo emjiloyecl chiefly in making fox-holes more comfortable. They will also act in the capacity of oflicial rumor spreaders for all future ERC rumors, however, only the girls passing the intelligence lest with a g'l'adc under fifteen will be allowed to go into training for these jobs. An Ag student walking from the Vet Building to~the Fieldhouse was asked what the loss of the women
Professor Hockema was greatly relieved to hear that the coeds are being called. He said, “Considerable worry has been experienced by Dean Colhdge anil I as to the coeds’ dating. With all the men leaving the campus the coeds will undoubtedly have to resort to importing when the ratio gets down to two to one. Truthfully, we don’t think we will be able to accommodate the men when they airive on the campus. Already Cary Hall is jammed with soldiers and we have ordered tents to be placed in front of the Executive Building to accommodate the Lost Batallioii when it is found.” 11
Z7AV7A/ ^ POTTEfS^
Debris
. . . will sponsoi a campus-wide contest to select the most beautiful male on Exponent editorial staff. Maiilyn Demaree will head the bevy of judges. Candidates who think they have a chance should appear at the Debris olTice any time between 7 p. m. and 7 a. m. any day next week. Omicron Nu . . . national home economics honorary, initiated the following women last night: Eleanor Clark, Margaret Pennington, Jean Thompson,
would mean to him and he I’eplied Jeanne Ilowarth, Jeannette Parker, to the effect that he would never and Frances Kalin.
Dean A A Potter, head engineering schools, will demonstrate the art of flagpole sitting Models Will Wrestle With Clevett's Strong Men In New PE Course Wiestliiig thiee hours a day in a specially built daik loom with artists models will be part of the now couise offered by the PE department next semester, according to Chief Clevett. Coach Reeck has noticed that the Japanese killed on Guadalcanal were all killed by former Puidue wicstleis at night, and therefoie this new jiart of the couise. 'fhe swimming department is also being revised, and one of its new tests will he to swim in a pool of ))ui ning oil for an hour without getting wet. It has been pointed out that more seamen aie being overcome by undue exposure which could have been avoided if they had only been able to keep from getting
wet.
Potter To Demonstrate Art Of Flag Pole Sitting By Jack Abbett Dean A. A. Potter, head of the Engineering School, has had many honors heaped upon his head in the span of his life time, but there has always been one honor that has eluded him. He has always wanted to be a flagpole sitter and watch over the grave of John Purdue. The dear old dean, whose memory is so fondly driven into the hearts of the seniors and the other engineering students, has regretted that the University officials have seen fit to allow him to place his prostrate form on the topmost pinnacle of success—the flagpole. Potter said that if he were allowed to sit in this coveted place he would, like an eagle, watch over the grave of JP and all the dying students all over the campus. Potter’s words on the whole affair were, “Ever since I was born in a small Hamlet (Shakespears) I have had a neverending desire to sit. This urge may have come when I first realized that to become famous a person must climb to the topmost pinnacle and shout his name to every person who will
listen.
“I have climbed high in certain fields but never have I been able to shout my name to all the world. People have always turned away when I get up to speak. If I were able to sit on the University’s flag pole I am sure that people would take notice of me and put my name up for the presidency of the United States.” Dean Potter has also had a very strong urge to be a teacher rather than an administrator. He said on this subject. “People have always wondered if it is fun to drag students into your office and give them H for getting on probation or doing .something that might affect the morale of the whole student body. ' ‘T can Huthfully say that there is little fun in dealing out trouble that has been forced upon meriting students by their instructors. The real thing would be to be the instructor and get the students into trouble. It is much more fun to put the students so close together that they can’t help but see tlieir neighbor’s sheet; and much more fun to walk in and out of a room at unexpected times so as to give the students a chance to get their cribs out and get nicely settled and then walk in and catch them.” Dean Potter was so helpful in his interview that he was even willing to sit in President Elliott’s private office and pose for a shot as the future president of the Purdue Military School for the training of engineers
>1 a
is
‘u £ 2
•*-» cc in j cs w .1-1 .FH *■.
0) •
llJ
s 4=
si
oi
I Si s "o s 5 r
P F. 2 bo S P
S ® c > u -
a> Fg u}
C3 ^ ^ >■
.S 4) 5 s T3 .B
3 OI
.J2 S £l
g CU
U CO 41 tn
.
.5 .2
O to c o Q. oo
.to -O QJ Q
“
>1 4)
C be P 3
•c
■n pq
to a § o c
S S 'O ■r! O'
Sj 4)
60
C 4) !b ^ C c o -B a s
"o 2
“ S _
4) o
m “ o O O Jh CO e
„ ^ D ^
m 5 to .2 3
-g C > te
ps-B
O “ 41 .2 O fCJ -tJ
» ^ CO o
.2 ^ 'S^ V IS SB ^
a ^ rT ■5 .2 g
60 3 H -S g M 41* 5 -a
01 li X _ H .3
60 S
-2 S S .5 3 S -S S S 3 3 ►>, to 2
N 3
S 2 3 ® «« t? - 53 41 <H 41 13
® a S
B ^ C ” ® 3 a 6 O fci „ "S 2 .2 .2 <M js ^
<D S
N 2 S ^^ i
^ >31
Rige 2
Purdue Exponent
Thursday, April 1, 1943
bh i
I^Nfi the
miw DORN • ANNA STEN >PERD • VIRGINIA MARTIN KOSLECK
MRWism
TODAY FRIDAY - SATURDAY
IT’S TIME TO GET UP...GiT «HEP"...AMD GST Hmi
ILLE \
yAis
TODAY
and TOMORROW
TODAY-FRi.-SAT. DOUBLF FEATURE
It's Got Tin L cment ^ Screenful o'' 5 ■> nf'^'rammerit’
WT A piems
mmm aRos^sweH n$w Hif
IT TOOK 42 FIGHTING U S CAMERAMEN TO COVER IT ALL!
i.yiiA TODAY - FRI. - SAT. -TWO FIRST RUN HITS—
wmiKiiilMil
slatting MY muM Oeoige "Gabby" HATES Lynn MEEEIEK
PLUS SECOND HIT
VI
IN TECHNICOLOR
ARC
TODAY thru SATURDAY FIRST RUN WESTERN
’ and '
^AllANWaiUttNIfRAZEE >s MM ^ te{8»l
ALSO
CHAPTER 4
PLUS-
PATHE NEWS
ADULT BALLROOM CLASSES OPIN BEGINNERS' WED., MARCH 14 ADVANCED THURS., MARtH 15 7:3rO P.M. PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6th and Ferry
Proxy Elliott Calls All Good Faculty To Bull Session Proxy rihoU upon his recent le tinn to the campus has announced a special meeting of the faculty to be held tonight All membeis of the staff aie lequcsted to lepoit in front of Heavilon Hall at 11 56 p m outfitted in then best white ducks and black bow ties, the ladies will weai spoi t clothes Black clothes will not be in older loi them As his been icpoiltd by official sources this is to be a super dupei spimg callout to levive the faculty after a long aidiious wintei Recieation will be provided in the foim of fiolicling games dancing and other 'itnusinglv interesting pas times A lacG to Jawn’s resting place will be held at the stroke of twelve and the resulting awards adminis teied and the remainder of the eve ning’s entertainment will proceed with the following events sched uled continuous poker games for the gentlemen intermittent crap game for the men scandal session for the ladies gin irimmy for the more backward ladies song fest led by A1 Stewart and helpful little impromptu lectures by Poppa Thornton if he can get around enough refreshments Professor Reed has arranged to supply the j,atheiing with lots and lots of popcoin and Colonel Beere has promised to furnish the conn ter part
The Ratio 3.55...tol
GOOD NEWS We hear directly from our sexy piexy in Washington that plans are underfoot among the members of the executive committee to help raise the students’ morale in these discouraging times Rumor has it that they are considering such ideas as selling beer m the Union, changing coed hours to 2 a m for the duration, eliminating chaperons at fraternity dances and substitut ing liquor instead As piexy himself put it to us, “We want to allow youth to grow up unhampered by the silly and useless conventions of modem civilization ’’ We told all this to Ray Higgins over at the Blazer and he said if they put the new rulings through, he will close up shop and enroll in school
PARTY
We hear the Pi Phi’s are plan-
ning to toss a whoppin’ big beer party for their national traveling representative who is coming to visit them soon and check up on the girls The Pi Phi’s have a national
ruling hbout that sort of thing, you Ml'S. PoppCr^S OffliigCS
know but the representative wired ahead and told the girls not to worry about her coming, just to go
light ahead living as usual
VttSHMlITOM
6> At* U S' f*t OA
Merry-60-ROUMi)
ly DREW FEAiSDN ' "
EitVoy Ignores 25 Billions In Gold On Marfinique; Pppper's Wife Loses Battle By Default WASHINGTON—How tolerant we have been of the French Island of Martinique, for two years thumbing its nose at us withm bombmg distance of the Panama Canal, is illustrated by a conversation which took place between the State Department’s Sam Rebel
and Treasury Department oflrcials
Rebel had gone to Martinique to negotiate with Vichy Admiral Robert regarding the airplane carrier , cruisers and six oil tankers rusting in Martinique waters Subseq,uently, the State Department announced that an agreement had been reached with Admiral Robert whereby these ships would be turned over to the USA Months have passed, however,
with no result
‘ After State Department Envoy Reber returned. Treasury oflrcials asked him “What about the gold in Martinique’ What is to become ot that’’’ They refereed to the 25 billions of gold francs still stored in Martinique “Oh,” replied Reber, “that didn’t come up ” ‘Wasn’t it even mentioned’” asked Treasury officials, who remembers how France had defaulted on her debts from World War I, still owing us several
billion dollars
“No,” replied Rebel, ‘did you think it would be
safer up here’”
“Well, it certainly isn’t \ery safe down there,” countered the Treasury “■We decided,” replied Reber, “that we didn’t want to do anything which might infringe on the soveicign-
ty of France ”
That ended the mattei The gold is still in Mai tinique, and Admiiab Robert, who apparently isn’t much iinpiessed by the subtleties of State Department appeasement, has continued to thumb his nose
at the United States
'TURNABOUT It seems someone must have given the Kappas a job in the aim They’ie not the frigid females they used to be In fact, things have been so bad lately that the Alpha Chis are wonied that the Kappas will soon take over the Passion Pit title Theie seems to be nothing that can stop the gals As one of them told us Gee I haven t necked since I was m high school and I’ve almost forgotten how Now I like it so much that I don’t ever want to stop ’ In keeping with the new campaign Mis Mac, the Kappa housemothoi has agreed not to giipe too much if the girls linger a while on the front porch with then boy fi lends instead ot coming in light on the dot at twelve p m
W-BLAA
NO BEER The Catalyst Club had a business meeting the other day and decided to cut out beer parties for the dura tion Said Pi Kappa Phi Bill Badgei piexy of aforementioned honorary ’ The boys felt that they wanted to devote more time to then studies and therefore put aside beei for the duration ’
All Suckers
Debris putts will rise threefourths ol a tent this toining Monday —\N HISKI Y.
Weather ?? Phooey 1 o tounlti att the inv igorating ef lett ot this super sunimti weather wt Indian nans hayt been enjoying theit will no doubt be a glorious watti deluge this I ridaj eyening to bcgii an itlier week tnd at Purdue II you should ilelett a tloud in this sunimti sky Btivare' 01 touise, theit may not bt a tloud ,but if there wtit i tloud you tould appear smalt bj stepping loith in bools, raintoal iiid umbitlla ludgiii,, liom the adequate disjilaj ol substintial legs and fluttering Itmiiiiiit slips yvt Ittl safe in Iirtditting windy wtathei O K, toed pull the knots out ol your hail ind wc II blow to tlass Suite Indiana wtalhti is inipossilrlc to jirtdiet yvt y\ill let you thoose tor youiself Not that we gu iruiittt uiy thing, but it’s a priy liege to thoose one ol the lolloiving ( ontinued Summer Bliss—O K ■•top d t tmiiig Slight Di i//k s — ( ome tome, giiK wtie 111 liulnni now Bli/zai ds—Dthniteh possible Joiients iiid Ptobible Hoods— \N lb ish Stiy \w ly Piom My Dooi ( hoo t .'iiythiiig you like 11 you au one ol those watei buds yvho liin lower —<io liome and lake ( u li you ti joy wtilhei like yve hut inen haying—turn on the heal uid pull out lilt sun lamp ou ehosr it Now you take it
9 Goto 0011 00-
11 50—1
12 0012 15-
12 1012 H-
12 181 001 4 52 002 152 10-
6 30-
■Shine teeth •Canned Music •I xponent gives News ol the
Day
Campus News I rom the r xponent, A I Frfin-
blomper
•Foi m Facts ■1 xponent Views Sports, T
Gunk
■Rctoided Music -Market Retorts irom the 1 xponent Perey Garggle gowski •I untheon -How 1 o Put Student To Sleep, Plot S T Upor -hxponent Views the News, Egbert Boiken&Uirp -Music in Cans -Player Piano -Campus Gossip Irom the I xponent, Throekmorton Q Gloekenflotz -Platter Musie -Atternoon Siesta -Z/Zzz/Z7/ ■Iranscnbed Music Voealists ( Ti ansenbed) -Exponent Views Woild
News
Comments by the Exponent Reporter Stoiy Book Hour For ]''if teen Minutes iiansciibcd Concert Music •Special Fcatuie sponsored by the Exponent •1 X p o n e n t Reviews the News, Fpluaim lurkains
ncriy
NO P VRTY DU Danny McKiiuan announced to an amazed gioup the other day that there would be no party when he either received his Au Coips papeis or giaduated Said Danny, ‘ I now have a moie mature outlook on life Parties don t interest me any more When I leave this insti tution of highei leaining it will be only with a feeling ot iegret and lomoise ”
prrT' One of the steadiest couples yvt ve seen toi a long time have finally bioken up We’re talking about Expo Sports Ed Joe Dawson and Theta beauty queen Annie Ostiandei Joe took his ring away from Annie the othoi day He says he’s lound someone else, this time a leally good looker He claims he can’t affoid to waste any more ot his valu ihle time on a spook like Annie
A I LONG LAST Scveial Beta pledges who have been hanging on toi the past three yoais yvoic finally initiated the other day What’s been keeping them back is that different loop the loop that the boys require tor initiation Howevei, they all have been taking CAP training lately and found it quite easy to execute the lequiied maireuvci —
All Students
Debris
Pictured above u the leader Du
will sponsoi a contest to select inoLi c which bungs toith the
of the mysterious dance band scheduled for the Senior Hop Your guess is as good as ours
1 ud( si (icam when shown to a lord J he ( orilcst will be held in the 1 xponent ( Hire cdiicsd ly at 4 10
Scholastic records tor the past tw o terms liaye been tost entirely Students yvho tailed to pass a eouise aie urgently requested to cooperate by notifying the dean of then school or the legistrar of the total number ot hours of courses that have not been liasscd since May 1942 —RLMMERb
FINIS
As a parting note yve’d like to apologize to the Kappas toi all the mean things yve’ve said about them recently They are really the tuend best, most democratic and least catty bunch ol coeds we know It you’ve gotten this far without suspecting something we suggest, dear leadei, that you gaze at your calcndai Buy War Bonds
Capital Chaff
The farm lobby was just as had as the old utilities lobby—whieh tanners once condemned—in efforts to defeat Faim Seeuiity Administration’s faun labor piogiam They inspired telegrams Irom farm ureas,
Purdue Exponent
Offiee»: Editorial and Duainess ^ Purdue Momorial Union* Phone 4005 Sparts, Eieldbousei Phone y27^2 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377 Monorttry Editor WiUihw G. lIo«Wn» ^ yVifli the Colors
Dole E. But®
Cerhord H KloMpwn Robert W BoswWlcl*
3«Uy BwMI
Jonyes G Eetyy Joseph S Darysioli
Jean
A JOnO Ketm
Editor
Business Manager
News Editor
Managing Editor
Senior Advertising Manager
Sports Editor Coed Editor
Coed Busmdss Executive
Puhiicahon Staff Editorial Statf Associate Editors E J Vegh J f Richardson T L Tiltop ■w H lybon W L Vcrmihon M L Smith C C Marlin doll E Murphy ^ ^ , Coed sun Phyllft Mann Martha I cc Kigirs Cniolyn Wilbur, Elaine Ahrens „ .,0*1. Sports Staff C Sowaids J Ackerman D Shryer R Smith Business Staff Assistant Advertising Manager I Fdpi _ „ . u Advertising Managers J 5* lexon C Gaunt J McCuiloUffh J Tabb Circulation Manager R H Kioephn Accounts Manager Mary Diltb
Editor in Chief
The Purdue Independent
Bert Sqmer
Staff For This Issue Night Editor Ahrens Sports Editor Wilbur Day Editor Mann Issue E^tor Grotneas Hepoctern Stephenson Dominik Donham Winslow I pr sytht Bnyncs 1 usberp* StcfYcs lownsontl Grtffory CYq.w 1 ord Burnham Fntored second clnbb matlei at the post office m Lnfay etle Indiana under the act of Comyicsb of Maich 3 1879 and at the special rate of pos.tajce provided for in sCettoh 1103 act of October 3, 1917 aiilhorlited January 29 X9Z^ Published on Tm.adn> iWbday Iridns and Sunday morning durm gthe year Delivered locally by carriei for $1 7,5 for a semester or $3 00 for two semesters by mail for $2 90 for a scmefitei oi ^3 60 for two semesters Represented for national advertising by National Advertis mg Seivice Inc ColU^gc PubJisheis Koprest nt^vtiven 430 Madison Ave New York N Y
Mrs Ciaude Pepper and Mrs Ailen Eiiendei, wives of the Senators from Florida and Louisiana, got into a friendly argument at the Senate Ladies Luncheon club over the relative merits of oranges tiom Florida
and Louisiana
Mis Pepper had remarked that there was nothing m the world to beat a Temple orange liom the sunny
state of Florida
Mrs Ellender gently differed with her “I am sure, my dear,” she said, “that you don’t know om Louisiana oranges They are simply divine No Floiidn orange could even touch them ” Mrs Pepper, howevei, stuck to the Temple oranges
of Florida
“111 tell you what we’ll do,” she said, “I’ll have some Temple oranges sent up to her And you get some from Louisiana and we’ll serve them to the Senate ladies and let them judge ” Mrs Ellender agreed. The Senate ladies also agreed to act as judges in this Flonda-Louisiana contest, and all looked forward to a feast of oranges But Mrs Ellender apparently was not accustomed to ordering oranges Usuallj^ they are ordered by the crate She, however, ordered fifty, meaning fifty oi anges, one orange tor each of the Senator s r\ ives who usually attend the luncheons I he day of the contest arrived, but not the Louisi ana oranges Mrs Ellender did not produce Mrs Pepper s Temple oranges arrived from Florida and were pronounced delicious She won the contest Later Mrs Ellender’s oranges arrived from Louisi ana—not fittj oranges but fifty CRATES They cost
her $250
Ghost Of Andy Mellon Andrew W Mellon was not quite so frank As Sec letaiy ot the Treasury under Coolidge he started a campaign to lower taxes on higher bracket incomes, irguing that this would lelease more money for m dividual enterprise In a way it did It released mil lions for stock maiket speculation and the Coolidge Bull Maiket The Mellon theory later was called the “trickle down ’ system, whereby a large amount of money re leased at the top gradually trickled down to the wage earner at the bottom Howevei, the ti ickle was so meagre b^ the time it reached the bottom that the inequalities ot that system led to the too well re membeted economic holacaust Today some Republicans, once sold on the Ruml plan, giadually are realizing that it taxes aie for given it IS the man in the higher biackets who really l^ncfits, not the low wage earner whose taxes aic itmall anyway That is why Democrats c ill the pi in (‘ 1 obbmg Petei to pay a bonus to Paul ’ Connally Calls Cards There w is a hot flareup between veteran Senator Tom Connally ot Texas and tieshman Republican Senator Homer Ferguson ot Michig in in a closed door session on the appointment ol James Allied to the 5Lh Ciicuit Couit ot Appeals Until this meeting Administiationites had high hopes ot eonveiting lerguson to \llied’s side, which vvouid have meant a 10 8 vote tot the Texan’s nomi nation Even Connally a political skeptic, thought the Miehigin Republican might toi get politics and oppose the ettoits ot Louisiana’s two senatois to ditch Allied in favor ot Archie lliggins, a toimer Huey Long henchman However, Ferguson immediately launched a violent political attack on the President tor naming lame ducks” to federal posts Apparently Ferguson was not convinced by evidence produced by Connally and others that Allred had no understanding, direct or indiicct, with the President that he would be reappointed to the bench atter stepping down from the Federal District Court to oppose Texas Senator “Papp” O’Danicl in the last campaign The Michigan Republican has made a fetish ot opposing the President on all majoi appointments, and proved it on this occasion ‘ Fm against all these New Deal lame ducks getting jobs from the President after they have been licked in an election,” he stormed ‘ I’m especially against playing politics with the federal judiciary ”
Union Night Club Consensus of student opinion over the campus last night as news leaked out about the Executive Committee plans foi a night club in the Union was that “We didn’t come to school for that soit of thing ” The night club movement spiead like wildfire among faculty membeis last week with almost every mstructoi sitting fiimly on the bandwagon and pulling others aboard at every opportunity The students not for a moment had believed the idea would go very far under the critical eyes of the Executive Committee; however, in a secret meeting last Friday night the members voted unanimously to recommend to the Board of Tiustees that, in the words of the motion itself, “Funds be appropriated for the functioning of a hot spot m the Union ’’ In the discussion during the trustee’s meeting Monday as to how much the cover charge should be, one of the more aged members stood up and declaied dramatically as he pounded the huge table in the trustee’s room that not as long as he was a trustee would students have to pay a cent to enter a University sponsored night club Going further, he said, “Gentlemen, I propose that University credit toward graduation be given to students who spend at least a reasonable amount of time at the night club ’’ Questioned as to what he consideied a “reasonable amount of time’’, he rephed that he should think at least three hours would be a fair amount The last obstacle toward the assured success of the venture was cleared last night as the Dean of Women extended coed hours to 2am and levied an enoimous fine on any pel son who attempted to ser\ e as a chaperone at any gatheiing of young people The attitude the faculty and officials have taken on this mattei is disgusting It is not so much the thought that students will be wasting time every night, but what makes it so alaiming is that floor shows and dimking will be going on m the, as yet, unsoiled Union —FOR STUDENTS WILL GO TO THE NIGHT CLUB Students will have little choice in the matter of attending With hour credits m all othei coiuseS cut in half and night club credit woith three houis for every hour oi attendance, as the Executive Committee latei decided, students will have to go ol flunk out. T-he situation is sure one hell of a one and one we can’t quite imagine —r w b. tScAflZCC. Si/tlpM, CapL Viefor Alden has been piomoterl fiom the rank ol Fust Lieutenant by Major General Henry J MiHoi, commanding Reneial ot the eij^hth au forte command, atcondmg to a dispatch from “somewhere in England ” Captain Alden was called to active duty April 15, 1942, after serving as the Michigan dibtnet supeivifaor for the Civil Aeroniulits Admmistaition He graduated from the University in 1938, With a dcgioe in Methamcal Engineeung md specialized in aeionautits He served as a membei of the Univeisilv faculty in 1939 and 1910 which poured info Congiessional offices, using idenfital wording Get man news broadcasts ane strll preferred m the Dominican Republic, because the German piogiams provide lively Latin music while U S programs bear down on the classics Dorothy Ihompson, in high dudgeon, telehoned Eugene Lyons, Editor of American Meieuiy, to berate him and the pale Department for saying in an article by Kinpbiuy Smith that the U S Government plans the political and economic decent!alization of Germany after the wai (Copyright, 1943, by United Peatuie Syndicate, Inc.)L# i
April 1943
BpUermaJeet Sports
Page i
COlO FOOTBALL TEAM
WHIPS IKOIANA
IN OPENER
SUMMER PROGRAM
INCLUDES MARBLE
WORKOUT
Swimming Pool Mysteriously Flows On Ceiling P.t. 12 Officials Talk Over Coed Gridders Defeat Entire Staff Happy As New Proaram For Summer Regulars, yf|(|j5c|ojeJ Inventor
' By Barb Stuff ^
Ends Two Year Study
By Anthony Sheldon Eumors are flying' thick and fast around the Fieldhouse about the new activities that are being considered for the coming summer session. As you all know, the male students in that lovable course, PE 12, have been enjoying such wonderful sports as calisthenics, wrestling, boxing, tumbling, and swimming during the past few months. PE 12 instructors realize that the eds will dislike giving up these wholesome activities, bftt a program must be made to fit the hot weather that will undoubtedly pi’evail this summer. “Sopiething new and different” is the slogan of the men that are cooking up the new summer schedule. When the rumors first echoed down the halls of the Fieldhouse, your rovinfr reportei stuck a brand new pencil behind his ear and made his way to the PE 12 office. A group of distinguished athletic men were conferring around a table, so he walked nonchalantly up near them and gazed at a stack of magazines, pretending to pay no attention to the important conference. (Slick trick No. 78 in Orphan Annie’s Junior Commando Training Book).
Facts
Some of the facts that were overheard probably will not be released for publication for some time, 25 years maybe, but at the risk of a neck or two, we now divulge the plans for PE 12 this summer. If thete is any resemblance between this article and a real authentic news story, it is purely coincidental.
Swimming will be taken out of the Fieldhouse for the summer because of the intense heat down in the pool territory. This will be replaced by outdoor swimming in the pool that is. being dug in the middle of the Intramuial Field at the piesent time. This has been kept secret for some time, but yours truly feels that some warning should be given to all of the coeds and eds that are seen on the field these spiing nights. Fiom now on they will have to keep
close to the fences. No More Wrestling
Wrestling and boxing will be definitely abolished and will be replaced by that game of great skill, marbles. All of you eds who have saved some of those little glass spheres fiom your barefoot boy days, will now have the chance to resume your col-
Coach Burnham gave us a preview of this year’s football team in a match between the I. U. team and the new eleven that has been organized of coeds only, here on campus. After the first game of the
, ,, , . . , ,, -1 season Coach Burnham said “It
After the trimming that the Boil- , , „ ,, , , ,, looks as if the girls will be better
Boilermakers Trim Indians
next high scorer in the first match of the year. She made two of the remaining three touchdowns in the last two minutes of play, each one being a ninety yard run. Her position on the team is the left half-
back.
By Goldia Tuttle
Officials at the Fieldhouse are patting themselves on the
ermakers gave the Cleveland Indians yesterday on Ross Field) it is expected that Manager Lou Boudreau will hand out release left and light, and replace the players by
the slugging Riveters.
One of the first men to be approached by the Indians’ representatives was the Boilermaker ace hurler Ed Misselhorn. Ye.sterday Ed set the Cleveland team down without a hit as the major league bowed to the collegians by a 10-3
count.
When the outcome of the contest
right half back position, made the other kicks, as Bo-Bo hurt her ankle on one of the spectacular runs she made earlier in the game. Effie is noted for her kicking, because of her unusually large feet.
Dates Are Advised
Probably the same lineup will be used for all the games of the season, as the girls seems to display wonderful teamwork. Their practice hours are from four to six every afternoon, and the girls are
amazed the whole world (most of ^ot allowed in more than two nights
athletes and gridiron players than the eds eber were. Perhaps they aren’t as much affected with the cobing of spring and romance as the boys are that usually compose the varsity. Let’s hope that yesterday’s gabe was a saple of what is in the future wheneber our coed teab meets a male teab of another school. The opposition seebs to stop
in deir tracks.”
Yesterday our new eleven
Effie Whachacllit, who plays the back. After working for over two years on the problem of the
“uplifted water scheme” to do away with under water pressure while diving, they have finally been successful in thefr
attempts.
This morning at eight o’clock, the water in the Fieldhouse swimming pool turned a violent red and with a mighty heave
lection and receive a maximum of Boileimakeis
exercise during the process. Maible lings will be constiucted in various spots on the Intrmuial Field and officials will preside to catch any “fudgers”. Mumble peg will also be featured in the new program. PE 12 men will be allowed to bring their own jack-knives, but some specifications will be placed lon the size of one’s weapon. This knife game is being used in an effort to get maximum coordination in the muscles of eveiy eds body. Officials will also preside at this game, due to the intense rivalry that is developed in this
activity.
Go Fly A Kite Last but not least on the new pio-
A MAIDEN’S PRAYER— A handsome beau, A fetching new dress, A table for two dt ihsL PuhdjuiL Tyicmoucii lAnimL Qa^^sdsifiia. Quick, fellows .... Answer that prayer . . . . Today! Call her up! JhtL Qapde/dcL delicious food economical prices sufficient vitamin content quick and efficient service JhsL fijUAjduiL TyisumimL lAmmt. The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
coaches decided to give the haples.-, Indians some assistance, but even with the help of the Riveter pitchers (among the best in the nation) the Cleveland nine was not able to overtake their college rivals. IM Schedules BASEBALL Thursday, April 1 (No Fooling!)
4:15
Diamond 1—Pi Kappa Phi vs. Tail Epsilon Phi. Diamond 2—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Sigma Pi. Diamond 3—Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Sigma Nu. Diamond 4—Sigma Chi vs. Phi Gamma Delta. Diamond 5—Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Tail Kappa Epsilon. giani is the kite flying class that will be ioimed. Eds must make their own kites, but anyone weighing less than 120 pounds will not bo allowed to have a kite moie than tour feet tall. If this lule is disobeyed, and the wind cairies the lad and kite out of sight, he will be maiked absent for the day and will have to make up the class when and if he returns to the scene of action. Anyone getting into this mess must send a telegiam to the PE 12 office when he lands, and an ange for a make-up .class. Patronize Exponent Advertisers
all themselves) by defeating the I. U. team by a score of 67 to 0. Of course, the game was considered lather insignificant since it was the first attempt of the girls and they will probably improve with practice. It was also a pre-season event, which tends to make it not quite as important as the last game of the season, which will also be played with Indiana. Perhaps a stronger opponent than the rivalry of the other state school would have excited the onlooking fans more,
also.
Another outstanding feature of yesterday’s game was that there were only a dozen women in the enthusiastic crowd in the grandstands. As the season goes on it is hoped that the women students will take a larger responsibility in boosting the morale of the team. As the outstanding athlete of the game was Frances Finklestein better known to her friends as Bo-Bo. Her muscles and brawn are her outstanding features as well as her towering height. She measures six feet six. Bo-Bo is the team’s captain, and is a valuable man to her teammates. Her position is fullback and she made seven of the team’s ten touchdowns. Along with her great running ability, she has been able to build up quite a reputation in kicking. Out of the seven extra points, she punted the pigskin across the bar five times. In an in-
a week from dates, as it is important that they keep in the best physical condition possible until the end of the season. Purdue Lineup Left End Henrietta Pip Left Tackle Lulu Hurlbutt Left Guard Miranda Diditt Center Maizie Flibertygibit Right Guard . ... Ella Vanote Right Tackle . Myrtle Snodgrass Right End Sophia Armchair Quarterback Mable Sugar Left Halfback . .. Adele Cinder Right Halfback Effie Wachacallit Fullback Frances Finklestein Indiana Lineup Indiana has expressed a desire not to have the team members’ names mentioned after the poor showing made yesterday.
and a push was resting on the ceiling. The short time which the whole procedure took, far exceeded the hopes of the workers. Amazement was expressed by interested onlookers as the huge swelling finally reached the ceiling and flattened out beautifully. To whom the credit goes for this accomplishment matter under consideration. Perhaps the greatest significance of the new reversed swimming
Wfiaf To Do With The Fieldhouse This Summer, Subject Of PE Conference
Music Hall Janitors Get Rich Bootlegging
By Ruth lyiore Stuff
Sports mentors met today on the catwalks of the Fieldhouse to discuss plans for the futiiie of the Fieldhouse. Now that warmer weathei is tinning men’s thoughts and feet to Intramural Field, the Fieldhouse will be devoid of activity. The sports mentois fear that the Fieldhouse will be taken over by
Stool pigeons have informed certain informed circles who have infoi med the Exponent that the jani-
tervicw with the star player, she tors in the Music Hall have been the Aiiny unless ways of utilizingconfessed that she developed her selling the scenery and props for it can be found,
build from constant piactice with the stage to buy bootleg gasoline, the wrestling team, as the team is^ However, in spite of this hardship, now composed mostly of women A1 Stewart will conduct his comgrapplers. munity stink Saturday night, April Adele “Blazes” Cinder was the 10, promptly on or about any time
(?4V\E fo'g WALk/A'(r ■yeel
black
JAN
You win the minute you decide on this dick little suit shoe . , ^ (t’s got everything—the black calf you want this spring, elasticized and soft as butter, a “wall” last for plenty of wiggle room, lower level walking heels, and a domino pattern toe and bow, iust for the fun of ill
$hosL Salotc
SECOND FLOOR
between 7:30 p. m.; maybe later so fiont door. His plan was rejected that everyone will miss the Scab- for two reasons. The measles sign bald and Blade d-ance. would keep no one away because , The same janitors who have sold everyone would want a three day the props are also operating a still rest in the hospital with a pietty just a few feet from the WBAA nurse to take care of them. Also
studios, however, there will be a raid the night of the program necessitating the use of faculty nieinbers as janitors. Doc Miller has been appointed to run the ventilating system, and O. D. Lascoe, chief tool of the GE department, will operate the stage. Wendail Wins Draft Dodger Contest Debris office has announced the winners in the recent draft dodgercontest. Judged the campus’ most successful selective seivice eluder was Algernon Wendail, -who masqueiaded successfully as Alice Wendall for SIX months to avoid military service. As a result of the annoimceinent of his piize, Wendail was forced to leave the room in WRH, south, that he occupied dining the past seniestei.
pool is what it might lead to-: Already speculations are bging made as to the practicability of the pool. Coach Dick Papenguth can say nothing on the subject except “Goody, goody” and Director Mackey is elated over the new development. “The sight of the aquatic ceiling is truly inspii-ing.. Not only is the color scheme much improved, but the comparative Safety of the pool has increased imineasuiably. Drowning is practically impossible.” Perhaps the happiest man is the janitor-who says “the cleaning of the pool is now a mere matter of button pushing.”
Theories
Just exactly what the woi'kings are behind the uplift is not known. Several theories have been ad-
vanced.
Doctor Abbott of the Physi^ Department has offered the explanation of cohesion. “The only bad thing about this,’ ’says Doctc^ Abbott, “is the drip. If a drip, di'ips. I’m afraid a downright downpour
will ensue.”
Mackey Worries About Splash The general feeling around the Fieldhouse is that the whole thing was just an accident. Somebody suggested the theory of “double vision”. Said he, “I’ve seen it happen before and it usually isn’t swim-
ming pools.”
Diiector Mackey added, “Our one wony is the splash. Now that we
for two reasons. It would overtax up there, how are we to get the capacity of the Fieldhouse since down without a splash?
Several suggestions hurtled from all sides by the various members present. Coach Phillips suggested that the Fieldhouse be locked up and a measles sign be put on the
at the time Coach Phillips was presenting his idea, he was swingiiig giacefully from girder to gir-dei and could not be held accountable for his thoughts. They w-ere disjointed and weie sent to Doc Millei to be
amputated.
Committee Not In Favor
The second plan presented by Coach Reeck is as follows: Cpen the Fieldhouse to the coeds and turn the Women’s Gym over to the Aimy w'ho would appieciate the peifumed atmosphere. This plan was rejected
Debris
. . . will sponsoi a flea contest to determine the fattest, most luscious and delectable flea pestering- the shaggy campus inongiels. The contest w'ill be held near the tiee dilectly 111 limit of the chem annex entianco. Cwners are requested to report with their fleas well fried (and greasy, so the judges will be able Lo sw'allow' them) at sunrise toinoriow morning.
the women would keep the men from then school studies. Secondly Coach Reeck wanted to have the team that he coaches teach the coeds the ait in which they aie accomplished. It was decided that the Executive Committee of the Llni.veisity would not appiovo of such action. Besides the coeds would not come to the gym foi such tiamiiig when they could get it in their respective houses and on Intianuual Field. Piggy Steps In The thud plan which was accepted is that made by Pi.ggy Lambeit. Ills idea IS that of tinning the Fieklhouse into a center foi acquiring masculine pulchi itiide. This plan it w-as believed would appeal to both 4-F’s and Anny men. 4-F’s would W'ant to make the most of What they have and Army men would want something, for example, a haiulsome
. . . Well, we don’t know. It's there; We saw it. C’mon see it for
yoiuself.
face, to distinguish them from the man niaiching next to them. In the past, main emphasis has been placed on building the body beautitul m PE 12 courses. Results of tjiis coiiise will soon be seen on the campus w hen a paiade of s\ven<tei men ilad m T shirts will be noticed. Since the PE 12 course was so suec-esstul, the coaches decided to concentrate on g-ioommg duriiig the sununer semester. Courses in cuie of the hair will be taught by Emmett Lowery, care of hands- hy Coac-h Papenguth, who wUl sti-ess especially the c-aie of hands on a date. Vtuious other courses will be taught according- to Coaeh Lathbelt; however, plans for them haVe not been completed.
mmmH
'* Vi " ^ Page 4
.'I?/'.
'“ ' , ''(' 4i'. ]-■ t^i^i'ti^ ’. ■' '^ 5H|V ff,'- " "‘|'^>i/-|^'’f*V' vj;’;4'‘ News Oi The Day (Unaltered, Unddulferatedl)] H Thursday, April i, 1943
AWS Elects Veit Prexy
Coeds Choose Reed, Bishop^ Sternberg, McCulloch, Byrd
As outcome of the AWS elections, held yesterday in the Union, Lois Veit, junior in the Science school. Gold Pepper and Mortar Board pledge, was elected president for the summer. term. Jean Thompson, junior in the Home Ec school. Gold Pepper and Mortar Board pledge, and member of Delta Gam-
ma, will be the new vice president.
New secretary is Nelda Byrum Reed, junior in the Home Ec school and a member of Kappa
Kappa Gamma; Mary Lou Sternberg, Science junior and a Kappa Kappa Gamma, was
chosen treasurer.
Companies scheduled to visit the
campus:
RCA Victor Div., RCA, Camden,
Junior representative will be N. J.—March 3i and April i. InMartha McCulloch, sophomore terested in ME, EE. Home Ec and a Chi Omega, and the Dow Chemical Co., Bay City, sophomore representatives elected Mich.—April 2. Interested in ME, are Katie Bird and Patsy Bishop, a AE, EE. Kappa Alpha Theta pledge Gulf Research & Development, The association acts as a self- Pittsburgh, April 5—Interested in
governing agency for the women ChE. students and its function includes
Wright Field Officer Will Interview Coeds All women interested in being under-engineering aids at Wright Field are asked to meet in room 304 of the Executive building between 1 and 4 Thursday afternoon, where Lt. R. E. Murrell, Army Signal Corps, Wright Field, Dayton, Ohio, will
— '' — interview girls for these positions. Interviews will also be
Personnel Notes held on Friday, 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. Women between 18 and 35 are being recruited for these
jobs to release men for the
making and enforcing rules on hours, residences and study periods. Every two years the association coopei'ates with the University in presenting a vocational contract, to give the coeds up-to-date information on jobs foi which this University offers training. The orientation program is planned for the freshmen and each new coed is introduced to a counselor.
Legree
(Continued from page 1) porter, exactly 100 per cent were not in favor of returning to semes-ter-end tribulations. Approximately 1 out of 10 students questioned though that finals were helpful, but
The Firestone Tire & Rubber Co., Akron, Ohio—Interested in Chemists (M.S.). Sign in Personnel Office
by Wednesday, April 7.
Placement Notes
For Women
Scholarships are being offered by the Chance Vaught Aircraft Corporation to train college women as engineering assistants. The scholarship training, which is offered to outstanding women who have completed their junior or senior year in college, will begin late in Juno at New York University. After receiving eight montlis of special technical training at N. Y. U., the students will go on to a shop training program at Strat
men
armed forces. After completing six months of training at the University they will be sent to Wright Field to assist the engineering personnel and Army officers with detailed work on aircraft radios. Requirements are that the girl shall have completed at least one year of college, preferably with a scientific background, that they be in good health, but they can be either single or married. Applicants interviewed by Lt. Murrell and accepted will be hired to begin training here on May 3. At the completion of their training, the women will receive a week’s vacation with pay and tianspoitation to Wright Field will be paid liy the government. While in training they will be under the Civil Seivicc at !i!l,440 per ycai, with 22 per cent additional for overtime. After completing tiaining they will leceive .$1,620 per year and ovei-
Elliott Drops WMC Job; To Devote Whole Time To University Pres. E. C. Elliott, who has been on leave of absence from the University since last June with the War Manpower Commission in Washington, is returning to the University, it was announced yesterday following a meeting of the
Board of Trustees.
Several W'eeks ago he requested to be relieved of his responsibility as chief of the Professional and Technical Service in order to devote his full attention to the University. Dr. Elliott will continue to serve as special advisor to the Manpower Commission and as chairman of the joint Army-Navy committee.
none of them desired to take them ford. Conn. Upon the satisfactory again this year. 99.34 per cent of completion of the course, the those asked expressed the desire trainees are eligible for positions
that the University should never return to final exams, even after
the war is won.
Have Enough To Do “I think the method we have now'
in the engineering department of
the aircraft corporation.
At 4 p. m. Wednesday, April 7, in those jobs.
Dr. Evans, a representative of Indiana University Training Course
The special meeting of the board
time, w’ith opportunity for advance- was held to let the contract for an mont to $2,000. additional hangar at the University The course of study at the Uni- Aiiport and to help handle the exversity w'ill include ladio theory, panded program underway for the shop woik, drawing, mathematic.s, training of navy flight instructors, and electrical laboiatory. The hangar, which will be immedi“Grow'ing Wings”, a movie taken atcly w'cst of the present hangar, at Wiight Field, w'ill be shown in will house fifty planes, loom 355 of the Union building on in other business of the meeting Thursday at 4 for those interested Louis Ruthenbuig, member of the
is best—you have to keep up on for Social Work, will speak in the your subjects to pass these hour Education building and will detests every month,” one student scribe opportunities and training in said. the field of social work. All students Quotes, most of them unprint- i'^terested arc invited to attend the able, ranged from “ ?x?'-x-' the iiieeting. blankety-blank finals” to “give ’em
to the pi’ofs and see if they know what they are supposed to be teaching.”
Drake University, Des Moines, Iowa, (Mrs. Carrie Taylor Cubbage, Dean of Women) is looking for a
Regardless of W'hat the popular young women interested in workingopinion is, it IS evident that finals for her M.A. degree and earningwill again take up the student’s her full expenses doing residence time this semester. The date and hall work. The stipend is full tui-
tion, a suite of rooms and board plus $35 per month. Applications must be sent to the dean of women by April 15.,If you aie interested, will you please notify Placement Service for Women (2955) at once.
exemptions have not yet been announced. Watch the Exponent for
further announcements. Mystery Band (Continued from page 1)
Spotlights are shaded by Tobey
Snerdson, a Scandinavian athlete, nounces that it wishes to receive who has been known to carry nine- applications for the position of teen cases of bock beer at one time Director of State Personnel from
Indiana Personnel Boai-d an-
—inter nalljq and Jane MeSnortwhistle, a neck dancer who is less
all qualified applicants up to April 14, 1943. Applicants must have had
known for her dancing prowess at least two years of experience in and more for her necking talents, either public or private personnel
Snerdson i^ featured for his ability administration,
to play a Swedish jews harp b5^ The Personnel act fixes the salary ear. range of the position at the minA novel contest will go into ef- imum rate, but it will consider a feet starting at noon today in that iiigher starting salary il necessary, all students are asked to turn in No official application fon-i is ]notheii ideas as to who is going to vided, but applicants are urged to ]jlay for the dance to Room 508 of submit detailed information and the Veteiinaiy Building. Prizes exhibits concerning then- training tonsisting ot 7 life memberships in ami expeiieiice. Applications should the Universitj' Dairy Club will be be addre.ssed to the Indiana Pci-
Brooks H. Short . . . research technician for Delco Remy Division of General Motors, will address the AIEE in an open meeting tonight at 7:30 in loom 254 of the EE building. His subject will be “Some Applications of Electronics in Industry.”
Nofice
Students «ho ish to change from one school vithin the University to another at the end of the present term are adiised to obtain the necessary blanks at once from the Registrar’s office. They must be returned by April
17.
Ralph B. Stone, Registrar. Skull And Crescent . . . national sophomoic honorary fraternity, announces the election of the following- officeis: President, Dick Hines, Phi Kappa Psi; VicePresident, Gene Wombic, Sigma Chi; Secretary, Douglas Week, Lambda Chi Alpha; Troasuier, C. 0. Roberts, Phi Delta Theta; Sergeant at Arms, Russell Petrak, Sigma Pi. Coed Bov/ling Satui day, April 3 Delta Gamma vs. Phi Mu. Kappa Alpha Theta vs. Alpha Chi Omega.
Board of Trustees, was named to succeed Col. John Wheeler who is on duty in Alaska, as director of the Purdue Research Foundation. RCA Representative To Interview Coeds
In Union
given for the most neaily coriect answers. In oidei loi an ansver to be considered it must be accompanied by six 1913 calendars and the bottom of a clean bath-tub together
sonnel Boaii', 141 South Meridian Street, Indianapolis, Indiana. Agricultural specialists are needed by the Ih S Civil Reivice Corn-mis'-ion. Foi the beginning job.
with the entrant’s name and the qualifications include a minimum of addres.-- of his best giil. Deadline five yeai.s of expeiicncc, education.
Coeds inteie.sted in positions in the chemistry or phy-ics laboratories of the Container Coiporation at Wabash, Indiana, should call the Placcinent Rcrvice for Women, 2955, by Wednesday.
As icpicsentativc of the RCA Victor Division of the Ratlio Coiporation of America, Mis., Janet Kelley will bo on the campus today to interview University coeds for enrollment in a new ten month radio technician course. She will give intervioj^f’’)^ the Union from 10:00 a. m. until 5:00 p. m. Qualifications for the selectees, according to Miss Kelley, are two years of college work or its equivalent, some competence in mathematic.s, good health and some interest in technical radio work. The girls selected will earn and learn at the University, being- paid a salaiy and legardcd as “employees in training.” In addition, their room and board and tuition expenses will bo paid by RCA Victor. The “Cadettes” will live on the campus With undergraduate piivileges. This includes any activities, spoits and social ad-
vantages.
Miss Kelley is one of a flying squadion of peisonnel workers who started from Camden, Now Jersey, Maich 28, to visit colleges and univeisiLies in all jiaits ot the country.i PiA Members Dance originally scheduled for Friday, April 2, v il! be postponed until Saturday, April 10.
Latzke Speaks On Present Meat Situation Estha Latzke, director of food economics for Armour and company, spoke Tuesday afternoon in the Home Economics Building- for the benefit of home economics students, house-mothers, homemakers, and all interested in “The Present Meat Situation.” Where is our moat? This question was one of the first answered by Miss Latzke. She pointed out that, at the present time, 75 per cent of canned meat and 60 per cent of our lard was going to LendLease and the Armed Forces. Because of transportation space, the better shoulder cuts are being sent, while the scraps that take'lip vital room are being left for civilians to
eat.
Miss Latzke stated that black markets, boot-leg shipments of meat, could be broken by trading with a regular grocer who is known and trusted. Also, it is wise to look for the government inspector’s seal. She warned against patronizing door-to-door peddlers. Army rations were shown to the audience.,^Miss Latzke showed the Army’s “C-Ration,” composed of three lacquered cans containing meat and vegetable combinations, concentrated coffee, two lumps of sugar, and biscuits. “Ration K” was also shown. Both rations are in gas, water, and temperature proof cans. These rations are carried by our fighting men while in the fields. Sometimes rations are heated on tanks or truck radiators. Miss Latzke predicted that the nation would use dehydrated eggs after the war. She showed samples used today by the fighting forces which were compact and free from spoilage indefinitely. Plans were shown by which wellbalanced meals could be prepared by' the use of unrationed meats, left-overs, and by proper distribution of ration points'. •“What’s left for us?” asked Miss Latzke. “Sit down and takeva good look at the situation, it probably isn’t half as bad as you think!” Kappa Delta Rho . . . social fraternity, announces the election of the following- officers: president, William Ebling; vice-president, Richmond Neff; lush chairman, Heibcrt Zinsmeister; recording- secretary, Robert Davis; social chairman, Eugene Nicholson; chaplain. Jack Biehle; sergeant - at - arms, Diehl Martin; athletic manager, Robeit Choka; house manager, Frank Gray. Debris To Sponsor Big Foot Contest According- to an announcement fiom John Wiske, senior editor of the Debris, a cash prize of $.25 will be awai ded to the ed and coed with the largest feet on the campus. In addition to the cash awards, Wiske stated that a double page spread in the September edition of the yeaibook will be devoted to the winning shoe sizes. Eight runners-up will get one page apiece.
J. McCormick Wins Alpha Zeta Award At Annual Contest
Jim McCoi'mick, freshman agriculture student, was chosen Tuesday night as winner of the Alpha Zeta sponsored siieech contest. His subject was “Pork for Victory.” Hollace Sherwood, a junior, speaking on “The Livestock Peed Situation” won second prize, while Phil Winslow, speaking on “Battle for Food” won'third place honors. The contest was held in the assembly of the Horticultural Building. , Gold medals were awax'ded to the' three winning speakers. A silvertrophy was presented to Alpha Gamma Rho, organization sponsoring McCormick, to be kept until the next contest is held, either next year or after the war. The winner’s name will be engraved on the trophy. Winners of the three medals were picked from a group of six candidates selected in a preliminary contest held last week. Gerald Clodfelter, Wally Pope, and Gordon Myers were the other three contestants. All of the finalists were agriculture students, although the contest was not closed to students of other options. Judges for the occasion were Professor E. L. Butz of the Agricultural Economics staff, Professor L. S. Winch of the Speech Department, and Professor E. R. Martell of the Agricultural Extension Department. Selection was based on content, action, delivery, and force. Alpha Zeta, an agricultural honorary, has sponsored this speech contest annually for the past several years. This year, for the first time, engineers, science students, and all were allowed to participate if they chose a speech relative to agriculture or its problems. Russ Hardin was chairman of the con-
test.
. . . former University student, has enlisted in the United States Marine Corps Women’s Resei’ve. For the past year and a half Gwendolyn has been employed by the government and is now with the Ordnance Department at Kingsbury Ordnance Plant. Pvt. Retzloff expects to leave for Hunter College, New York City, for basic training in the near future.
Classified Ads
Typewriters: Adding machines, all makes sold, fentod repaired and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. J. Ebersholt, 605 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779. Money to Loan: On diamonds, watches, guns, luggage, typewi iters. Albert’s Loan Office, 407 Columbia. Lost—Green and black lifetime Shcaff'er fountain pen. Reward J. V. Whistlei. Phone 8002. Wanted—Students to dolivci Purdue Exponent. Appiv Exponent office oi call R H. JNioepline, 81J1 Lost—In menV it'-t room, basement of Union, Mondav. Mauh 20. Swis.s stop watch Wiist mod( I Largt reward Call Woith Yo(hn. OOfi"). L")0 Vine St For Sale—slide lule,/E K Log-Log. U td oiu simisL. 1.‘-O 00 Chaiiin, 8121
Notices
Mililnry Training: Certificates: Those students who are not in the ERC and expect to join the Armed Service should call at ihe Armory to make urrangrements for their EOTC Certificates. --ROBINSON SiKma Delta Chi: Pledges pick up plaques in the Exponent office on my desk. —BOSVifINKLE Students in Machine Design Courses: Makeups for tests missed in M. E. U, 66 and 66 will be Riven at 1 p. m. Saturday, April 8, in loom 301 of the Mechanical EnRineci ine building. —AULT Tan Beta Pi: Election of pledges Thursday, April 1, at 7 ;30 p. m. in room 302 of the Union. Plaques will be given only to men who attend. —SEDDON Camera Club: There will be a meeting} Thuisday, April 1, at 7:30 p. ra. in the Music Room. '1-he prints on exhibit -will be discussed. —HAYWARD All Students: The Westminster Founda. tion invites you to their April Fool Party Saturday, Apiil 3, at 8 p. m. in the recreation room, ot the University Presbyterian Church. —NORDLINGER ME 90 Students: Students who have missed lectures must make them up by Thuisday, Apiil 1. — HOERGER Gi-ccn Guard: Meeting Thursday at 4 p. m.. April 1. HI AWS office. Elections of new memboia. —THOMPSON YWCA Cabinet Members: If you are going to be hcie this summer, meet at Jer-ry-b Friday, April 4, at 4 p. m. for a program planning conference. —PACKARD Phi Lambda Upailon: Rough<%iitiation on Saturday, April 3. Pledges and actives must attend. Refreshments. —GOFF Purdue Engineer: Staff meeting Friday, Apii! 2, at 4 p. m. in the olfice. Debris liicturts will be taken—informal. —KIMBRELL Reamers: All .active and honorary members meet in the oast hall of the Union promptly at 5:46 Monday, April 5, before going to the dinner. For a report on Fleck’s tbmmittce see Sundny’s Exponent. —BRAY Della Rho Kappa: Any pledges who do not obtain pledge boards from me by Satin day. April 3, will be dropped from pledge list. C.ill Cary Hall, room 336-E. —SCHEPARTZ Delta Rho Kappa: Initiation banquet at 6 p m. Friday, April 9, in Old Chestnut loom. All pledges will bo present. Actives planning to attend inform me at next meeting which will be announced later. Doctor Carley of the Chem Department will be guest speakei. •—BOSMA Scabbard and Blade: Meeting of banquet and dance'committee at 6:30 outside dining room of C.iiy Hall 'fliursday, April 1. —RAFERT War Council: Meeting tonight at 7 :30 in Union oil ice. -AUGSBERGER International Relations Club: Meeting on Tuesdav night, April 6, at 7:30 in room 2(,8 of Ihe Union. —WEAR Fraternity Presidents’ Council: Dinner niectiiig at Phi Kappa Tall house at 6 p. m. today. —DAWSON Eta Kappa Nii: Pledge meeting Thur.sdav, Ajiril 1, at 4 p. m. in the Reading Room of the EIS building, 'fhere will be a discussion of lough night. Please be there. —SCUDDER '
Try an Exponent Classified!
DEBRIS PRICE RISE APRIL 13 $4.00 NOW $4.50 THEN Don't Forget to Get Your Copy of THE DEBRSS from West Desk of Union — Debr’s Office or Salesmen
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4fh and Main Sts. Phone 5701
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
i.s noon on Satuulay the lOth.
PI Tau Sigma
. . . national honoraiv Mechanical and Aeronautical Enuineei iriff fiaternity, announce.s the pledfiint; of the followniK; David M. Badf'ci, Chaile.s P. Bickel, Thai Ic- V Biack, Vernon 8. Burnidtie, Anlliony G Caccavale, William A. Flenmiu, Eugene Heikoff, Gobeit (' Hchiiltz, Loui.s Su.ss, Chaile.s M. Zininey, Kichai’d ll. Hayes, Quentin I. Evan.s
and Thonia.s J. Wall.
or a combintition oI the tv o in some scientific oi some other pi ol'essional ))hase of agi iculiure. Further infoimation may be obtained through the Placement Service for Women.
I’he U. S. Civil Service Comniis.sion announces positions for analysts in busine.ss and industry beginning- at $2,000 pel year. In addition two yeais of exiierience aie leqiiired ioi the junior analyst job. Anyone qualified and interested siiould iiKiuiie at tlie Placement Service for Women.
News—8 min.
3:17-4:10
South American Sports—10 min.
3:2.5—4:48
Calling All I*a’s—9 min.
.. 3:35—4:.58
McFarland Twins Orth.—9 min.
.;U 44—5:07
When Winter Calls—10 min.
3:53—5:16
Unusual Occupations—10 min.
4:08—5:26
McDonald’s Son—10 min.
4:13—
Land Where Time Stood Still—9 min.
3:00—4:23—5:36
Tulips Shall Grow—8 min.
3:09—4:32—5:45 Out—5:53
. A Matter of Thrift! Thrift is always important, but doubly so in wartime. When you conserve the life of the things you own it means less replacements for civilians, more necessities for the armed forces. USE CROWN CLEANING SERVICE REGULARLY AND BUY WAR BONDS - ' Crown Laundry
FINE DRY CLEANING
A Campus Classic Prime among college favorites is the Gordop Oxford with the hutton-down Dover collar. Made of fine oxford material, it comes in white j or solid colors. Mitoga-tailored to fit you perfectly and Sanforized-shrunk to eliminate shrinking, (fabric shrinkage less than 1%), Get Gordon Oxford, $2.50 Sea the new wrinltle-resislant Arrow ties. i • $1 and $1.50 DEWENTER’S 416 MAIN ST.