lx xiyx ' -
i] 1 I
I >>
This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning By, ^nd For Students of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
THUHS0AY January 20, 1908 Lafayette, Indiana VOL. 49 No. 95
Two Concertists Oehris Receives
Will Appear On Union Program Two concertists who have studied under foreign teachers will appear on next Sunday’s music room program in the Union at 4 p. jn. Miss Berenice Viole, a former student of pianist Arthur Schnable of Berlin, will render part of the hour long concert on the violin. Miss Marie Cattell, graduate of the Royal College of Music in Berlin, will play the piano for her share of the program. Concerts Abroad Miss Viole graduated from the American Conservatory of Music in Chicago and has given concerts in Paris, Berlin, and Chicago. She resides in Lafayette at the present time. Miss Cattell, sister of Dr. J. L. Catjtell of the modern language department, graduated from the Columbia School of Music in Chicago and studied at the Royal College of Music in Berlin. Sunday’s program is one of a series of music room concerts appearing during the academic year. Co-ed Rifle Team Chosen After Meet After class, ward, and sorority rifle teams had blazed away for top honors, members of the women’s varsity rifle team chosen from these groups were announced yesterday. They are: Marjorie Seibert, Ruth Maddock, Doris Christenson, Miriam White, Elizabeth Maier, Helen Bailey, Joyce Burnham, Hetty Smith, Irene Boehm, and Edith Whinery. Marjorie Siebert won individual honors with a score of 77.7, while Ruth Maddock and Doris Christenson followed with scores of 72.7 and 71.3 respectively. In February the women’s varsity rifle team will hold a telegraphic match with the women’s team of Ripoii (Wis.) College. Co-ed Hours Remain Same During Exams Co-ed hours for the rest of this semester will follow the regular 11 and 1 o’clock schedule—11 o’clock on week nights, and 1 o’clock on Friday and Saturday. These rules continue through January 25. From January 26" to February 2, extension of week night hours till midnight will be in effect, while Friday and Saturday hours will be the same as usual.
Foreign Letters “Gosh, here’s a letter from China!” “Here’s one from Russia!” “Look at this one. Air mail '> from .Cuba! This would/be a gold mine for a ^tamp collector —$1.80 worth of stamps.” What’s the meaning of all this foreign correspondence ? It’s simply the daily mail received at the Union office of the Debris. These letters are from many of the outstanding Purdue Alumni. , This year the Debris staff, publishing its 50th issue, has made the theme of the entire issue, “Purdue is a World Institution.” To complete the plans they have written to approximately 150 of the Alumni '^all over the world. Outstanding members of all classes and schools have been asked to contribute pictures and “copy” describing their present I and past activities and theii connection with Purdue. Mrs. Hazel Hienfon Dies After Illness Mrs. Hazel (Haskell) Hienton, wife of Prof. Truman E. Hienton of the school of agriculture, died yesterday at her home at 506 Northwestern., avenue after an extended
illness.
Besides her husband, Mrs. Hienton leaves two daughters, Marjorie and Truth Heinton, a brbther, and four sisters. Services will be held Friday morning at 10 p. m. in the Henderson Funeral Home. Rev. W. R. Graham of the Central Presbyterian church will officiate. The body will be sent to Independence, 0., for burial. Byrd To Speak At Ball State KDP Conference “Effective Programs and Ghmpus Activities''of Kappa Delta Pi,” will be discussed by Wayne Byrd, president of the University chapter, before the regional meeting of the education honoi’ary at Ball State Teachers’ College, Muncie, on Saturday. Every chapter attending the conference will he responsible for a part of the program. The meeting will last for one day only. Valise Ret-yrned A valuable valise, mistaken as his property by a winter short course student Tuesday, was returned yesterday to its owner, the New York Central Railroad. The article was accidentally removed with other student baggage from the railroad
depot.
Masters Booked For Fraternity Ball
Harding To Award Carter AIEE Honor At the annual meeting of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers in New York City January 28, Leonard Carter, EE ’27, will be given honorable mention as one of the four electrical engineers who have made valuable contributions m this field of work during their first 10 years oUt of college. Dr. C. F. Harding, head of the school of electrical engineering and AIEE vice-president, will present Carter with the honor. This recognition is sponsored by Eta Kappa Nu, electrical engineering honorary fraternity. Since 1932 Carter has been with the Anaconda Wire and Cable Company. At the present time he is assistant chief engineer in charge of detailed operation of- the engineering and product development divisions. His work involves a knowledge of manufacturing, research and development, customer service, sales promotion, and constant work with various national associations in which he is active on a number of committees. Edgerton Elected New Dairy Club President Dairy Club members elected officers for the coming semester, at a meeting held in Smith Hall Tuesday night. John Edgerton was elected president; F. A. Smith, vicepresident; W. M. Marple, secretarytreasurer, and Max Myers, publicity agent. Forty-two persons were present at the meeting. L. W. Josselyn, assistant librarian and president of the local Rotary Club, gave a' talk on a tri^ which he made through Europe last summer. Josselyn was an Indiana representative at the International Rotary Convention held at Nice,
France.
Panhellenic Council To Sponsor Annual Formal On Febritary 11 Fraternity dancers will swing to the rhythips of Frankie Masters when he takes over the Union ballroom February 11 for the annual four-hour formal Interfraternity Ball, according to an announcement made last night by committee chairman Carl Sadler. Two o’clock hours for co-eds have been obtained. Tickets which are to sell for two dollars each will be strictly limited in number to 375. Decorations for the affair have not yet been completely designed, but plans have been made for a backdrop symbolic of fraternity life. Each house on the campus will contribute a large badge, representing its own pin, to the decorative ma-
terial.
Sponsored by the Interfraternity President’s Council, the Ball this year is in charge of a committee under the chairmanship of Carl Sadler. Other committemen are Don Tam, Bob Reid, Gar Everest, Ray Schenk, Ralph Coats, and Roger
DeLong.
Radio Band
Frankie Masters, who was formerly a student at Indiana University, brings with him his NBC-CBS r^dio band and vocalist Marion Francis. Last summer and during the fall they played a long term engagement at the College Inn in Chicago’s Hotel Sherman. Masters is featured weekly on the NBC national chain program “It Can’t Happen Here” with Edgar A. Guest, noted author. He has also played engagements in the Hotel Morrison, Chicago; Club Forest, New Orleans; and the Hotel Claridge, Memphis.
Passport Validation All Students: Be prepared to present identification cards (passports) to University Cashier at second semester registration in order that they may be validated for second semester use. —W. A. Bodden.
Education Progresses As Universities Add Courses
Student Opinion Favors Plan For New Cooperative Book Exchange By the Roving Reporter Campus opinion seems to favor the new student co-op book exchange which will launch itself into the world on the afternoon of January 31. Having spent nearly a month on the project, the “Administrative Board of Control” has worked out an extensive plan whereby speedy transactions over the counter should prevail with a minimum of effort on the part of its hoped-for large clientele. Many eds and co-eds waxed enthusiastic over the plan. Although some were afraid to talk when they learned that they would be quoted, we were able to get some random thoughts
on the subject.
Said Wayne Fredericks, Tau Bete, Phi Lambda, etc., “From all I’ve heard, it sounds like a good idea
to me.”
Should Help When overhauled on the campus, Carl Swan, SAA member, said, “It should help most students out to a great extent.^Personally, I keep most of my old books to refer back
to.”
Betty Jo Sexton, dance connoisseur, added her bit, “It’s the first time the ballroom has been used for such an educational purpose, so it must be a sign of progress, or sump’n.” ^ (Continued on page 4)
By Georgann Schilling ‘Progress in the field of education is pictured in the new courses which have recently been placed in the curriculum of colleges throughout the coi^try. One of Indiana’s own colleges, Butler University in Indianapolis, was the first to inaugurate a course in the phoper use of leisure time. The course deals exclusively in preparing working ipen and women to develop cultural and profitable avocations. Public speaking, music, reading, and the cultivation of flowers, trees, and shrubs are among the subjects offered. Movies Find Place Movies have found a place in the curriculum at the University of Illinois. Here students attend motion pictures and writ§ comparisons with dramas, novels, biographies or histories on which the pictures are based. At the University of New Hampshire there is a course in weather forecasting being offered. Pupils are taught to predict weather changes at least 12 hours in advance. Over 1500 people have earned
credit toward graduation at New York University by studying what is perhaps the most fascinating subject in the world—^themselves. In this course on personal improvement they watch motion pictures of themselves and listen to phonograph records of their own voices to discover their unpleasant mannerisms. Marriage Courses Practical courses in marriage and home problems are finding a place in the curriculum of many colleges including Vassar, Syracuse University and the University of Iowa. A credit in “homemaking” is required of graduating students at Louisiana University. Young men share with co-eds in the planning of homes, selection of food and the care of children. Still more practical is Oklahoma State Teacher’s College course un minor household re^irs. This includes instruction in the adjustment of electrical wires, correction of wiring disorders and even the mending of leaks in water pipes in case of emergency. Each addition to the curriculum is a step in the neverending advancement of higher education.
Women's Club Will Hear Mrs. Walters “Art Inspired by Music” will be the topic of an introductory talk by Mrs. J. E. Walters at the Purdue Women’s Club meeting today at 2:30 o’clock in the music room of the Memorial Union Building. The music section of the club will present a program at the meeting. Following Mrs. Walter’s talk, a string ensemble, directed by Mrs. K. C. Boxell, will render several selection. Mrs. W. E. Bailey will sing three songs, following which Edith Mills will play three piano solos. “Silver Sleigh Bells,” “In the Luxembourg Gardens,” “Moon Marketing,” and “Passing By,” sung by the club chorus, will conclude the
program. <■
Student Finishes With No Exams While we poor students are losing sleep in favor of knowledge for final examinations, just envy Bobbie Sasser, junior prom chairman, who received exemptions in all his courses and left for home Tuesday morning, having no afternoon classes on Tuesday. From his home in Chicago, he is going to Florida to bask in the sun during finals, while we spread the light of our knowledge over “yel-
low books.”
Indiana Weather
Forecast for the State: Rain by afternoon or evening, with rising temperature. Tomorrow rain turning to snow and much colder. Local Temperatures: Low, 22; High, 46; Mean, 27.5.
Honesty Committee Puts Freshman On Year's Probation Onfe student was put on disciplinary probation for a year and assessed four extra hours for graduation and four others were given warnings yesterday afternoon at the first trial session this semester of the Committee on Promotion of Honesty in Student Work. All five students, freshmen in the University, were sent before the Committee for copying on a daily in the same course. A suggestion that the first freshman, who had been caught cheating twice, be expelled from the University was dismissed after discussion. A motion stipulating the extra hours for graduation requirements and the probationary period was passed unanimously. Barred From Activities The disciplinary probation will exclude the freshman from student activities for a year. Any transcripts issued during that time from the registrar’s office concerning the student’s record will include a mention of sentence. Any future conviction of dishonesty will cause his expulsion from the University. Names of the other four freshmen were entered on the records of the committee. They will be dealt with more harshly in any future cases involving them. All five were given a zero on the daily concerned. Personnel of this year’s committee on honesty includes: Professor O. G. Lloyd, chairman; Professors G. C. Blalock, G. H. Cutler, C. A. Ellis, S. Fairman, and N. Little; and Students R. P. Manion, L. A. Rieth, D. J. Rohyans, and F. T. Sheets. E. L. Bulz Discusses Farm Real Estate Price Outlook Dr. E. L. Butz of'‘tl|e farm management staff attended a Rotary Club meeting at Rensselaer Tuesday noon. He discussed the outlook for farm real estate prices in the light of present price level and economic conditions, Clinton Will Finish Semester's Mixers Pat Clinton and his orchestra will furnish the music for Saturday night’s weekly miser. One dollar per couple will be collected at the door of the 9-12 dance, which is the last regular mixer of the semester.
Hammers, Chisels Attack Old Ticket Office
Pest Operators Will Hear Gould Discuss Bedbug, Cockroach, Flea “Householders can forget-their woes. For here come the real P. C. O.’s.” Thus reads a couplet printed on the second annual Pest Control Operators’ conference program, a copy of which is given to each registree. The convention enters into its fourth
day today.
“Householders” may rest assured that yesterday’s program was educational, as approximately 100 entomologists and pest control specialists from 22 states and Canada dispussed insects that are of interest to the public.
Deay Opens Session
Prof. H. O. Deay, of the ento-
By R. J, Deckard
“Down with the modern language department! Put ’em where they bebelong!” students clamor after a tongue-twisting and brain-racking session of Spanish speaking and German gushing. ' At last the foreign-tongue faculty is coming down from its high horse. Squeaky yells of teri'or from the walls and the chip of hammer and chisel on concrete herald the revamping of the old ticket oifice in
Purdue Hall for modei’n language use. Work Began Monday ’ Workmen began the remodeling job Mfinday, when several men commenced tearing out a section of wall in the south portion of the historic old men’s dormitory. Simultaneously two brawny service and stores workers started chipping, piece bp piece, the concrete steps on the north portion of the building. “The main offices are being moved
downstairs,” Prof. J.L. Cattell, head of the modern language department, said last night. “With the removal of the University ticket office to the new Fieldhouse, convenience and smoother function of the department personnel will aid students and staff alike.” Once A Living Room Cattell’s office will be moved to the new site which wa^ once a living room of m dormitory in days when Purduerwas in its infancy. Up-
stairs three offices will be made, one for Professor J. T. Gunn, which will be used in conjunction with the convocation committee’s headquarters, to be set up there. “The present offices for the language department were assigned to the staff an odd 15 years ago,” Gattell informed the reporter. “The ticket office made its appearance then when Dr. Edward C. Elliott was sworn in as president of the University.”
mology staff, opened yestei'day morning’s session in Agricultui-al Hall with a talk on “The Classification' and Identification of Insects.” Following the morning session, the P. C. O.’s met again at 1:30 and listened to a “Histwy of Commercial Pest Control” by H. E. Jennings, of Chicago. A discussion and movie clinic on carpet beetles, moths, and moth proofing wasqjresided over later by E. A. Beck, I'epresentative of the United States Department of Agriculture, The conference will continue to^i, (Continued on page 8)m
r
i-
!' "J
tHE PURDOE EXPONENT
Next Monday...
... yoii will have a chance to trade your u^ed books for other used books at no financial loss during the transaction. Volunteer student labor and elimination of any risk of loss from leftover books will enable the Book Exchange to extend its services to University students at no cost. Opening of the non-profit Exchange in the Union ballroom will be a; nice thing for the pocketbooks of both you bookbuyers and booksellers. Sellers will be allowed to fix their own prices on their used textbooks; buyers will be able to buy without putting out a large proportion of the purchase price to a middleman. Student Senate will act in an advisory capacity for the Exchange. Senators will be on hand with a list of books and prices to inform and advise students concerning fair prices on the books they bring in. The seller himself, however, is the one who decides finally what is going to be asked for the book. Book Exchange officios believe that about 60 per cent of the original cost should be the base rate for determining the worth of used books. This rate may be changed according to the condition of the book and according to the will of the seller.
Be Sure...
.... that you want to sell your books before you take them over to the new book exchange. Of course the few dollars that you can get for them means a lot to any college student, especially at this time of the year, but many of you will be making a mistake to part with books that deal with your general line of work or the fundamentals thereof.
the Purdue Exponent
g\ssetiatgd
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of Idarch 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions ?3 per yea,r; by mail $8.60.
BSPBESENTED FOB NATIONAL ADVERTlSiNO BY National AdvertisingService, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison AvE. new York. N. Y. CHICASO - Boston . Los Angeles - Sah Fnancisco
MAIN OFFICE
812 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6037 Business Phone 6038
UNION OFFICE
Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind.
Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office
Editor-In-Chief
BasincBS Bfonasrer
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor. J. E. Brock Associate Editors .....D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D.. R. Vance Editor's Secretary Margaret Sawyer
BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager. National Advertising Manager. Local Advertising Manager “. Circulation Manager—
J. P. Girard .W. J. Gillilan R R. Hensler M. C. Reeves
CO-ED STAFF
Editor - Associate Editors... —Mary Cooley,
Elizabeth Pyke Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee
SPORTS STAFF
Editor... B. F. Obenchain Associate Editors J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer
Faculty members tell of the many instances that former students write back to the University to ask where they can get a former textbook they find necessary in their work. Students in advanced courses frequently find it necessary to buy books they have used before in order to brush up on the bases of their work.
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offcial University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Stanback Issue Editor—rTerrio Thursday, January 20, 1938
mation and formulae. They, are all too frequently lacking in explanations of the applications of these formulae, however, and a formula is of little use to a person who doesn’t know how to use it. Your textbooks contain all such necessary information.
Handbooks of one kind or another are very valuable to you students and to the man in industry. They are filled with essential infor-
Therefore, consider carefully before you sell. It may save you a lot of trouble latep on when you want to buy your books back again. —-J. E. B.
collegiate
By Mary Cooley Cheer up, girls—^your future employment doesn’t depend entirely on passing all your exams with H’s. .It seems that a North Carolina committee was seeking an . attractive girl to operate a kissing booth at a school bazaar. Their main Concern was that the operator assure them of plenty of repeat customers, they told the first applicant. When the committee chairman asked her for her qualification, she said, “I went to college.” “You’re hired” was the instant reply. \
Freshmen are bewildered, sophomores are self-centered, seniors are superannuated, at least so the legend goes, which leaves only juniors to cope with college problems. This was the challenge thrust at juniors in a California college to move them to class Action.
College students don’t live right, according to acting Dean Aaron J. Brumbaugh, of the college of the University of Chicago. “One of the important things all college students need to learn is the conservation of physical energy.” “There seems to be a general pride these days in physical exhaustion, in neglecting principals of diet, in disregarding the need for regular exercise, and ignoring remedial practices essential to correction of minor physical handicaps, such as posture.”
When Oxford, Ohio, considered passing a town ordinance prohibiting the sale of beer, students of Miami University exhibited quite some concern. Through the Miami Student many prominent students voiced opinions that in such case they would go outside the city limits and then would not stop with beer. Editor Witty comments: “The av- : erage student is not possessed with an insane desire for Bher. If he drinks at all, the beer he drinks is taken in sm&ll amounts and at rare intervals.” I New Yeai^ Eve, Homecoming, Special Occasions, and week-ends are apparently exceptional events.
Letters to the Editor
Promote Better mini Relationship
Dear Editor: .. As a Purdue graiduate I have always been proud of the teams representing my college and h^^ often pointed out their fine spQrtsnmnship to the young men witlFwhpm has been my pleasure to come in contact. These same men have held in respect our teams even though I am a citizen of the State of Illinois. I have a personal friend who played football for Illinois and during my college career I had the pleasure of being his opponent. This fine gentleman is a prominent business man in our town and last evening we read some accounts of the Purdue-Illinois basketball game on January 11 which were anything but complimentary to either institution. These sam^ men in later years will look back with regrets on the spoi’tsmanship which was exhibited at the Purdue-Illinois game last Monday evening. We have concluded that there is no question but what both teams are at fault as well as those who are in Charge of these athletes and students. We also realize that a year ago in Lafayette some of those in attendance at the game no doubt displayed poor sportsmanship and perhaps the game at Illinois this year was simply a retaliation by the Illinois students and players, I hope you will make an appeal through your paper that when Illinois plays Purdue in :the return game at Lafayette that the athletes, as well as the students, act like Purdue men and set an example for future contests between these two great institutions. Unless this can be accomplished there is no question but what the athletic relationship between these two universities will come to an end. Yoor cooperation in the above will be appreciated by the Purdue-Illini fans in this community, Charles A. Buechner, Ag ’17
Postcards—about 2,0D0 of them were bought at the Union desks during the recent Ag Conference. And aren’t they often the very best way to get word home that you’re “dead or dying” from overwork and will write more later? Not that you should, according to etiquette, ever do this, but because you’re often driven to it. And really until you’ve done it at least several dozen times you can keep your parents informed as to what the building in which you labor look like.
Jim Farley offers us very good post cards with plenty of available Space for writing, and we use them. But we must draw a line. It is very bad business etl^ics to send a business order or inquiry on such a card. Don’t do it.
We are told of a college student who wrote home once a week, on Sunday; meanwhile on Wednesday he bought a government postal card and wrote on it “am well.. Love, Hen.” No doubt Hen’s parents were glad to get this brief epistle.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
ARC
Today - Friday - Saturday 'Vaw/kul
ealleplng Thrlllo and WallopIng'Actlon WHti Your FavorHa Staging
Cowboy Start
ECW
It’s a bad day in every way . . . we just got out of an hydraulics final . . T so this colyum is gonna be short ...
And speakin’ of finals . . . studying, boning, or what have you, has caused Pifis and Kappas to evict their boy frans. Males can’t enter the sanctuary of the houses at all durin’ finals ... that’s so the gals can undress and get close to their work.
That makes it appear as tho’ the Thetas and qthfers prefer men to books.
News at the DU domicile . . . the ‘Bull” (Clark) is in love . . again!
SAD STORY! Elmer Twitch was in a HURYCH to get to a final he thot was going to be a HUNTZINGER. With a FONFARA trumpets, FLEIG flying, and with two SHEETS to the wind, Elmer romped into the room. ‘SHEA,’ SHEDD Elmer, “what ish thish anyway?” “Aw, SHAW,” the prof replied, “it’s only the SHANK of the morning.” . “SHELBURNE,” the Prof explained, “if you’ll apply that match to the cigaret. “SHERMAN!” exclaimed Elmer. Elmer was befuddled. He tried to KIDD the prof, but the prof was a SHADE faster. So Elmer his hat TOOKER GOFF And being backward said GOODNIGHT and went out into the GOODPASTURE to TOY with the final TILT idea. But he TRIMBLED so he decided to take his TEST THURSBY.
EF!ARIZ«raA
— and —
JA<K LONDON'S MIOHTlEST HERO LEAPS TO LIFE!
(tarring JOHN WAVME with JEAN ROOERt a Univertal Ptcturs
• also •
“Dick Tracy” -ferial
The End. ^ If you can make any sense out of the story it’s more than we could . . . but they tell us names are news and there ain’t any news of any other kind.
Wellesley College students have donated $600 for war relief in China Wellesley is the school from which Madame Chiang, wife of the Chinese generalissimo, was graduated.
T
STARTING TODAY Two Big Features
M
ALSO CARTOON
Thursday, lanuqry 20« 193$
“The chief is s ick today! ^ut he wants things to go on just as if he were here.”
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side oi Sqare Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
LUMA FiiM SlUOW-eOXINO TO ILOIDE-FiMTING!
TODAY - FRI. - SAT. DOUBLE FEATURE
THEY FOUND INTERNATIONAL LOVE —good in any country!
BEERY, JR.* WILLIAM GARGAN • DOROTHEA KENT NAN GREY * ROLAND DREW POLLY ROWLES
ROMA
A NEW UNIVERSAL PI WENDY BARRIE MISCHA AUER • DORO! FRANK JENKS
ScfEEii Play, by leiFer Cof» $oj«d on a fiery by William R. Burnatt Directed by MHlon Carruth Aisoclote Producer, Efe Aiher NEW UNIVERSAL PlCTURf
Screen Play by James Robexft T Shannon and Directed by S. Sylvi Auoclate Producer, Edm
TODAY - FRI.
A NiTl A WOWI A LAUGH RIOTl
The most hilarious cornice—’' givtng you the inside story on the movierStudSof—and the tove affair of the Wail Street banker; and the stand-iow... A panic—', by the author of “Mr. Deeds’’!,
WALTER WANGER presents
COMING SATURDAY-ONE DAY ONLY ON OUR STAGE - IN PERSON
DON ANN
BESTOR PENNINGTON
and His Famous Orchestra
World Famous Dancing Star
of Ziegfeld FolliesThursday, Jonuory 20. 1930
tHE mtmDtlEEItPpMENT
■i’-
Three Greek Basketball Teams Remain Unbeaten Four Squads Boast Five Victories, One Defeat; Sigma Pi Favored To Win Championship
Three fraternity teams remain undefeated as the interfraternity class “A” basketball tournament approaches the final round of competition. Phi Pi Phi, Sigma Alpha' Epsilon, and Sigma Pi all have survived the initial six game play-off without a single defeat. Six other teams have each won five games, with the Sigma Chi’s, Kappa Sigma’s, Pi Kappa Alpha’s, 'and Kappa Delta Rho’s already selected for the final elimination contests by suffering only one defeat each. Tfie Phi Delta Theta team and the Delta Chi team have one game apiece left to play in the first round, having won all five starts thus far. ' , Sigma Pi Keeps Same Team The Sigma Pi team is a^ain favored to win the Class ‘A’ championship. With virtually the same team which won the tournament for them last year back on the floor, the Sigma Pi’s appear unbeatable as they enter the final rounds. Two of the final round teams. Sigma Chi and
Pi Kappa Alpha, have already been defeated by the Sigma Pi team in previous contests this year. Strongest opposition will be met in the SAE team which has shown outstanding basketball work all semester. The SAE team is especially aggressive under the basket, with one of the best centers in organized men’s basketball, Pickens, gathering many points on follow-in shots. Bud Bryant To Play For Local President's Ball Bud Bryant’s 13-piece orchestra will play for the local President Roosievelt’s Birthday Ball, January 29 in Allen’s Ballroom. General admission tickets may be purchased for $1, and patron tickets for $5 at Deac’s or Deckers. The dance will be a semi-formal affair.
NEW BUS LINE Direct Service from Lafayette to Rossville, Kokomo, Marion and Muncie For information call your local Bus Station Phone 2105
the Purdue Exponent
Service t Directory
— Bookstores — SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
“DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR- PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965 — Printing —~
n
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE- _
“office Slalloneiy . Weddins Invitations _ Sales Books, Etc.
CASSEL’S 408 FERRY — Jewelry —
R. J. BATH Watch Maker
605 Main Street R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER
This is all we do, but we do it well.
Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office —" Confectionery — Try Some of Our t Home Made Ice Cream
and Candy
Glotz's Confectionery Main and Sixth Sts.
— Taxi Service — The Thinking Fellow Calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 2Ss per passenger any part of city 5023—Phones—3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
— Auto Rental — ROGERS’ RENT-A-CAR Drive It Yourself System Phone 6455 314 N. 4th St. — Barbers — MODEL BARBER SHOP 222 No. 5th Street Lafayette “THREE GOOD BARBERS” — Photography — Scobee’s - REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette —• Shoe Repair — BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP —^Locksmith — ‘‘C” CARTER for Keys — Locks — Generai Repairing Knife and Scissor Grinding New L.C.N. and Norton Door Checks Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L.
— Florist
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050 CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY • • Most exclusive assortment of corsages available to Purdue Students. 527 Main Phone 5432
Pest Operators-
(Continued from page 1)
day in Agriculture Hall at 9 a. m. with a discussion on ‘^Cockroaches, Fleas, and Bedbugs” headed by B. E. Gould of the entomology staff. The group will return to the same room to listen to talks by representatives of the Department of Agriculture and private concerns interested in pest control during the afternoon. Spotlight of the day will turn to a banquet in the faculty lounge of the Union Building at 6:30 p. m. President Edward C. Elliott will be toastmaster. PE Sdiool To Offer Open Non-Technkal Course PE 37a, a course in camp organization and administration, will be offered next semester to students of any school as a non-technical elective, carrying two hours credit. This course will be under the direction of Harmon Phillips, head of Camp Pokagon. A co-feature of the course will be an active camp placement bureau which will be operated for the benefit of students enrolled.
University Calendar
—TODAY— Music Section of the University Women’s Club: 2:30 p.m. in music room of the Memorial Union Building. Pest Control Operators’ Banquet: 6:30 p. m. in faculty lounge of the Union. Adult Education Study Group: 7 p. m. in room 102 of Michael Golden Shops. Kappa Delta Pi Meeting: 7 p. m. in room A of the Union. —TOMORROW— Thaeles Sorority: Meeting in room D of the Memorial Union Building at 4 p. m. Cosmopolitan Club: 7 p. m. in room C of the Union. PIA Orchestra: 7 p. m. tower room of the Memorial Union Building.
fieMer’s choice
By R. L. McDonald With all o:^ the Boilermaker athletic sqUads out of competition for the!remainder of the semester, sport activity on the Purdue campus is' nearly at a standstill ... a few are taking advantage of the new gymnasium facilities to keep themselves in tune during the grilling two weeks, but for the most part the athletes and would-be athletes on the campus are conserving their energy for final examinations. —fc— Although the rivalry between the Boilermakers and the Illini becomes keener with each athletic contest between the two schools, the Illinois sports writers are not lax in giving the Purdue basketball team all the credit which it merits ... the f olloAving quotation appeared in the Daily Illini last Tuesday . . . —fc— “Every team in the Big Ten has now lost at least one game. We predicted this, as did many others, last week. It took Wisconsin to down Michigan and Purdue to down Northwestern. “In our opinion, Northwestern will go on down from here and be lucky to end up in the first division. Michigan will go on to share the title with Purdue or at least run the Boilermakers a close second.” —fc-— Hats off t.o Perry Blain and his “6th Estate” column . . . we are inclined to be slightly prejudiced towards Purdue, but if any predictions were made they would probably agree with these . . . the Illini are still plenty strong and should not lose many more games . . . the slight slump they suffered after their vacation jaunt will probably keep them out of the Big Ten honor position, but they should be able to upset the apple cart for a few of the teams looking toward a first position berth .... —^fc— An interesting sidelight on last
ilMiGIii iMi CLOSE-SHAVER For the kind of shaves every man wants—eleaa,' fast, easy on the sMn. Requires no soap, lotnuis or blades. Costs less than one cent a month far electricity.
518-520 Main St.
DECKER’S
Phone 6477
a
caf»-
Monday night’s game was the nnmher of Indiana men which saw action for the Wildcat team . . . both Vance and Smith are Logansport boys and Kobte played ball with Valparaiso while in high school . . , other Hoosiers on the Northwestern squad include Cleo Diehl of East Chicago, Charles Melchoir, Jasper, and Herb Nathan, Attica. —fc— The Boilermakers do not go .so far for their ipaterial . . . Brady,
Dean, Dickinson, Lucas, Sines, Britt and Walkey are all from Lafayette or West Lafayette . . . Carl Sniratt is the lone out-of-state member on the Purdue team.
PA'TRONIZE
EXPONENT
ADVERTISERS
FinaJ Exam Schedules
The following abbreviations are used for
departments and buildings:
AD—^Applied Design.
Ag—Agriculture
Agron—^Agronomy AgCh—Agricultural Chemistry AE—^Agricultural Engineering AH—Animal Husbandry AM—Applied Mechanics
Ann—Armory
B—Biology
ChE—Chenfical Engineering Chem—Chemistry « CE—Civil Engineering C&T—Clothing and Textiles DH—Dairy Husbandry EA—Engineering Administration Econ—Economics Ed—Education EE—Electrical Engineering Engl—English Ent—Entomology PHG—Fieldhouse Gymnasium FMgt—Farm Management F&N—Foods and Nutrition For—Forestry GE—General Engineering Geol—Geology G—Michael Golden Shops Gov—Government Heav—Heavilon Hall
Hist—History
HA—Home Administration ,HE—-Home Economics Hort—Horticulture IM—Institution Management MM—Materia Medica ME—Mechanical Engineering Math—Mathematics MT—Military Training ML—Modem Languages PhC—Pharmaceutical Chemistry Phar—Pharmacy PE—Physical Education for Men PEW—Physical Education for Women Phys—Physics Poul—Poultry PM—Practical Mechanics Pur—Purdue Hall Rec—Recitation Building Sm—Smith Hall SC—Stanley Coulter Hall
Spch—Speech
Univ—University Hall No. 2—Building No. 2. The examination will be taken only at the time!’ indicated in the schedule except in case of conflicts for Irregular students. Any such conflicts must be adjusted by consultation with the instructor in charge before the opening of examinations. Examination periods for graduate courses should be arranged with instructor if they are not scheduled. EXAMINATIONS TO BE ARRANGED WITH DEPARTMENTS PEW 51, 63, 66. Also all grauuate courses numbered above 200 and not scheduled below. •Examinations will be held in the same rooms in which the divisions regularly re-
cite.
Period 2 THURSDAY. JAN. 20, 8-11 A. M. Course' Divisions Room AD 61 All SC 14, 211; CE 201 Agron ll...„ All Ag 104, 206, 209 B 120... —All SC 12 ChE 117 All * ChE 134 All Heav 202 ChE 226 All • Chem la All Ed 101 Chem 107...- AJl EE 129 Econ 1 .C...L' Rec 313 Econ' 11 A,P * Econ 11 XF ME 108 Econ 136...- All Rec 317 Ed 17B All Ed 208 Ed 131 All , * Ed 179 „A11 .• EE 11 -.All * EE 60 All * EE 146 All EE 347 EE 161 All ♦ Engl 10....; A - Univ 201 Engl 10 C * Engl 19 G,H EE 254 Engl 117 - A * For 9 All Hort 202, 210 Gov 119 „A11 Ed 201 Hist 1 B , Chem 106 Hist 2 D Phys 204 Hist 16 C - * Hist 113 All HA 9 All HE 202, 213 Hort 1 All Hort 201 Hort 13 All ,;.... Mort 301 Math 12 J. C-I * Math 116 All * Math 226 All Pur 304 ML 22 All * ML 33 All • ML 42 .....All * ML 44 All ♦ ML 62 All Pur 211 ML 62. All • MM 1 -All * PhC 221 -.All • Pharm 20 All * PE 13 - All FHG 106 Phys Ic All - Phys 202 Poul 109 All • Spch 14 N-Q * Spch 16 C - • Spch 116 C & D * Spch 141 All Univ 101 Period 3 THURSDAY, JAN. 20, 1-4 P. M. Course Divisions Room AD 66 A ! ♦ AD 66 B HE 108 AD 69 All JSlo. 2, 202, 204 Ag Ch 107 A * Ag Ch 107 B, D - Ag 206 Ag Ch 107 C Ag 209 Agron 22 A,B Phys 202 Agron 22 -C Phys 204 B 1 J-M,P - SC 211 B L T,V,W G 101 B 1 X,Y,AE ME 108 Chem 1 A-H Ed 101 Chem 3a All Chem 320 Chem 263 All Chem 106 CE 62 All CE 101 Ed 17 B - • EE 6 All ME 207 EE 19'..._ A-F EE 129 EE 19 - G-K EE 264 EE 178 All - • Engl 10 -.B & C SC 14 Engl 31.— E.F Ed 201 Engl 81— ,....G Univ 301 Engl 31.— H & XH EA 208 Engl 31— I Ed 208 Engl 111 .....All - • Engl 121q. _A * Engl 125 All • Engl 137 All • Ent 7 All AE 202 IM 86 -All • Hort 19— AU Hort 202 MB 144 -...All • ML 127 All _ . ■ ■ • ML 176..-:..- All ■■ • MT 7 All jLrm MT 17 All • Poul 109. All '* PM 11 E,F • Spch 14 C-F CE 201 Spch 106 All Univ 109 Period 4 FRIDAY, JAN. 21. 8-U A. M. Course Divisions Room Agron 4 All Ag 209 Agran 16 All - * AH 141 AU Agl04 AM 1 - A me 108 AM 2 A.XA.B . ... ME 108 AM 2 C.D.E G 101
Ch E 106 All Heav 202 Ch L 126 . . .. All , Chem 106 Ch E 132 All * Ch L 221 All . "" ' * Chem 1 B. .jV-BE, BS, BTEd iol Chem 119 All.... * Chem 221 All * CE 111 All CE 201 CE 143 All CE 201 CE 163 All— CE 201 CE 163 All...- CE 201 CE 165 All— CE 201 CE 176 All.— CE 201 Econ 1 G,H Phys 202 Econ 12 E SC 14 Econ 113 All - * Ed 3a D • Ed 9 ail Ed 201 Ed 112 All Ed 208 EE 118 All - EE 129 EE 250 All * Engl 32 F,G • F Mgt 107 All Ag 118 GE 104 C ME 207 GE 107 All ME 3 Gov 10 A Rec 113 Gov 10 XA Rec 112 Hist 2 _...A-C SC 211 Hist 15 A • Hist 106 A Phys 205 HA 7 A • HA 7 B HE 108 Math 4 - A * Math 9 A,B * Math 12 A,XA,B,XB • Math 117 All • ML 23 B * ML 43 B • ML 63 B ♦ ML 64 A PhC 117 All * Pharm 81 . All * Phys 9 All * PM 11 1.J * PM 15 ... All.. . • PM 16 A-C..CE 101, 301, 304. 308 Spch 16 .. . - . .A.XA.B • Spch 123 .... All • Period 6 ' FRIDAY, JAN. 21, 1-4 P. M.
Course
Divisions
Room
Ag Ch 112 ..
All
*
Agron 141 ..
... . All
AH 21 . . ..
. . ..All - .
Ag 206
B 1 ..
. .E,Q,R,S,U.
SC 211
B 1 -
... Z,AA.AC.AD,AF ME 108
B 36
.. All
SC 4
B 134 .
All
*
Chem 1
..Q-X,BP-BR
.. Ed 101, 201
CE 21
All.
CE 201
CE 22
All
CE 201
DH 3
All.
*
EE 4
All
. . EE 254
EE 22
. . All
.... EE 129
EE 225 . .
. AU
*
F & N 11 .
All
. HE 108, 109
F & N 19 .
. All. ..
«
F & N 116 .
All
it
For 107
. .r ..All
Hort 202
Hoi't 32
All
Hort 210,
Math 1.
AB-AJ
*
Ph C 15
AU
*
Pharm 17
AU
Phys lb
AU
Phys 202, 204
Poul 1
AU
♦
PM 11
C,D
PM 16
....... .D-G..CE 101,
, 301, 304, 308
Period 6 SATURDAY, JAN. 22, 8-11 A. M.
Course
B 14 ... . B 136 Ch E 138 . CE 69 DH 15 .... EE 174 Engl 1 .. .. Engl 1 .... Engl 1 ... Engl 1 .... Engl 1 Engl 1 Engl 6 . . F & N 1
HA 110
Hort 113 IM 37 .. .
ME 61
ML 145 . PhC 113 Phar 36 .. Phys 1, 21
Phys 1, 21 Phys 1. 21 Phys 1, 21 Phys 1, 21 Phys 1, 21 Phys 1, 21 Phys 1, 21 Phys 1, 21 Phys 226 PM 8 . PM 11 .. . Poul 201 .
Divisions Room
AU SC 14
AU Ed 201 AU * AU CE 101 AU - * AU EE 254 Q,R,T,W,X - • S ME 3
U Rec 313 . V Univ 301 . Y Univ 309
AA Univ 310 F. EA 208
AU SC 211
AU HE 109 All • . All •
. A-F ME 301-312
All * AU * All Phar 311
A,XA,F,XG,I,U,X, XX,Z .Ed 101
.. .. B,G,V.Y.XAA.....rEE 129 C.E Phys 204, 206 XE.J.W,AH. CE 308 D.H.K ME 108 . . L.O.R G 101
. M,P,S ME 207
.... N.Q.T Phys 202
. AA Phys 207 . . All All *
G,H *
.All *
Period 7
SATURDAY, JAN. 22. 1-4 P.
Course Divisions Room AD 106 All * AH 108 A...- Ag 117, il8 AES 249 —.All ! . * AM 1 E,G,H,I ME 207 am 1 ■F,J,K G 101 AM 2 M-P ME 108 B 18 A,B.. EE 129
B 18 C. B 18 D.E B 130 All... B 171 All... ChE 109- All Chem 1 i-p, , Chem 117 . . A-C.
Chem 117 D,E,F. Chem 117 ... .H Chem 279 All C & T 13 All ' DH 11 All.” Econ 11 R,,.
Econ 11 ..c
Econ 12 . A Econ 12 B Econ 116 All Econ 127 All..
.. SC 211 .. CE 201
SC 114
.. Heav 202 Ed 101 .. Phys 202 ... Chem 106
EE 254
.. Chem 220
Ed 31 Ed 50
Ed 107 .
EE 20
EE 143
Engl 6 Engl 6
Engl 32 F Mgt 1 F Mgt 1 F Mgt 1
All ■ All AU -AU. - AU . C . D....
Q.
Chem 320 .... SC 14 SC 4 .... EA 208 .... CE 308 Ed 208 ... Ed 209 Ed 201
.... ME 3 .... Univ 301 Univ 201.
Hort 301
*
.EE 184
A Ag 104 B Ag 206 C Ag 209
For 27 A For 27 B
For 113 Alt
GE 104 . .. R,
Geol 3 All
pov 104 - AU Rec 313 Math 1 T.Z,AA * Math 2 A,XA * Math 3 KP • Math 13 A .... ♦ Math 119 AU • me 143 AU... '.“I.:;.; csioi ML 21 - A-D * ML 21 E. Fur 212 ML 21 - F. Pur 312 ML 24 All - • ML 169a All • PhC 7 AU * PhC 19 . AU * Phar 201 AU ■* Phys 219 , AU - SC 12 Phys 233 AIL SC 10» PM 11 -A3. * Spch 14 R 4 Spch 14 S Univ 101 Spch 14 _.T. •I. *
w
■#^4 Kf.
p
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, January 20, 1938
Intramural Department To Begin Semester With New Managers
Boyer, Lucht-man, Keller To Head Staff; Shortage Of Freshman Workers Seems Apparent At Present
Follow me; the election of the inti animal ‘soplionioi e and lunioi nianacei-- foi the fiist sonie'itei of next \eai woik foi the leniaindei of the leai will be done by the second senieNtei nianac:ei and hm as si'^tant-'
Heibeit C Boyei, Beta Theta Pi, w ill be the luiiioi nianagei in chai ge of this seniestei’s woik yteophonioie as'-istants wall be H F Luchtman, Phi Kappa Tau, and M A Kellei, Delta Chi Fieshman are mged to tn, out foi the inanagei ships, as it is appaient that theie will be a shoitege of fieshmen woikeis foi the second semestei
Ser\ice Is Voluntarj The entile woik of the intianimal depaitment is done by volunteei seivice fioni fiateMiity and independent men. The woik consists largely of the oiganization and lunning of nunieious athletic events which conipiise the intianimal depaitnient’s piogiain
Each "'eniestei a diffeient gioup of nianagei'' came'' out the woik of the depaitment Fioni the numeiou' fieshmen who tiy out, thiee sophomoies aie selected foi the following veai Fioni the^e men a i in 101 managei is chosen foi each se me''tei The senioi nianagei%hip goes to the jumoi managen who is
able to show the gieatest ability and aptitude
Appearing On Mars Stage Saturday
Don Bestoi and his band will team with Ann Pennington on the Mais Theatei stage Satuiday in piesenting a double-stai stage show with a talented suppoiting cast
3[ajtML Victor Release
• 25739
BEI MIR BIST DU SCHAN IT’S EASIER SAID THAN DONE Guy Lombaido and His Royal Canadians
• 25741
THE ONE I LOVE I CAN DREAM, CAN’T I? Tommy Doisey and Orchestia
• 25738
THERE’S A GOLD MINE IN THE SKY SAIL ALONG SILVERY MOON Richaid Himbei and Oichestra
• 25740
I DOUBLE DARE YOU TWO DREAMS GET TOGETHER Larry Clinton’s Oichestra
• 25742
THRILL OF A LIFETIME I LIVE THE LIFE I LOVE Richaid Himbei and Orchestia
McLean Music
Co.
MAIN 8T.
LAFAYETTE
W B A A Programs
1 001 151 30-
Thursday, January 20 11 00—Morning IV^odies. 11 15—PTA Council 11 30—Paiade of Melody. 11 50—Puidue News Flashes. 12 00—Noon Melodies. 12 15—Luncheon Dance Time 12 30—Scientific News Reyiew 12 45—Albeita Schmadel, so-
piano
-Melody Moments -Bettei Expression. -The Monitoi Views the
News
1 45—Maiket and Weathei Repoi ts 2 00—Geogiaphy in the News 2 15—Piano Hai monies. 2 30—Paients Foium 2 45—Tieasuie Chest—Robeit Horn 3 00—Community Chest Pi o
giam
3 15—Maivin Smith, tenoi 3 30—Afternoon Musicale 3 45—Intel esting People in the News 4 00—The Stoiy Book Houi 4 15—Goidon Giaves, pianist 4 30—Men of Destiny 4 45—Twilight Melodies
Friday, Januaiy 21
11 00—Morning Melodies.
11 50—Puidue News Flashes 12 00—Agiicultuial Forum 12 15—Luncheon Dance Time 12 30—Spoits Review, by Bob
Heme
12 45—Frank Tiiboulet, tenor, 1 00—Maiy Wagnei, Behind The Scenes of Merchan-
dising.
1 15—You and Your Health.
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Mam street.
Student Opinion-
(Continued fiom page 1)
“It has great possibilities, although it may not be so good at first If operated next fall, it will piobably be much larger. I have high hopes for its continuance,” exclaimed Bob Buckles
When confionted, Martha Wood explained that it is a wonderful oppoitunity to save many a dollar.
Student Senate president Rohyans remaiked, “The success of the expel iment depends wholly upon student cooperation in this undeitaking ”
Nate Poulos, football man, said, I think it’s a good chance for students to secuie books at a low price In these haid times, it is a leal bleak ”
Waid Stallings, one in the know, lemarked, “They’ie not promoting this book exchange as a fight with book stoies, but as a seivice to students in saving them the oveihead cost of second-hand book sales ”
1 30-
-The Monitoi Views the News. 1 45—Maiket and Weathei Reports 2 00—Lafayette Giade School Pi ogiam 2 15—The Magic Caipet 2 30—Concert Review, 3 00—Jeffei son High School Band. 3.30—Afternoon Musicale. 4’00—The Story Book Hour. 4'15—Melody Moods. 4 30—Paiade of Nations. 4 45—Dorothy Backert, sopiano.
DISTINGUISHED STUDENT — Wants roommate; twin beds; private entrance, close to campus. Call 75342
FOR RENT—Single loom, second semester Shower and soft water. $15 726 N. Mam St. Phone 55304.
WANTED—4 passengeis round trip to New Yoik between semesters Shaie expenses. Airflow Chiyslei 41961 Plinei
FOR RENT—One single room, half of double room. 466 Grant St. Phone 46972. “
Notices
No Notices Acccjited After b p m
Kappa Delta Pi: Those who plan to attend regional conference at Ball State Teachers’ College in Muncie January 22, sign up in Professor McFarland’s office in the Education Building as soon as possible —BYRD
FOR RENT—Laige loom, twin beds, new mnersprmg matti esses. $10. 46012. At 802 North Mam St., West Lafayette
Zouaves: The keys are at my address and may bd obtained there at any time before January 20 —FRANCOS
Sivimmers During exams there will be no Triton Club swimming There will be an open swim January 20, 26, and 27 from 4 to 6 p m —SOHWEHN
Alpha Lambda Delta: Members, who attended the initiation breakfast for '^ew members, please bring 40 cents to the dean of women’s office before February 1 —RANDALL.
Union Sophomores: Important that all members of my committee get in touch with me before January 31 —JACOBSON.
Wesley Foundation: Morning Watch January 20 Winter course students invited. Mrs McFadden will be leader —PARSONS
Union Sophomores* All workers interested in working on student book exchange January 31 through Februaryi 4 report to Union office to sign up All eligible sophomores aie urged to participate —STALLINGS
Mixed Recreation* Meet January 21 at 7 30 p m in the Women’s Gymnasium. —TUBBS
" Cooperative Book Exchange: Members are urged to pick up unsold books at the Foundation House before January 28 and take them to the Student Book Exchange when it opens \ -rLUDBERG
Hats!
Crown Cleaned hats are blocked by a
special process that makes the felt repellent to water.
No Extra Charge for this Service
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
flowers for all Formal Occasions
QIojJl J>JlifuxL ^o. Phone 5432 527 Main Street
HE SHIS «CC@ B I'JS
But Branch Bobbitt, like so many other independent experts, prefers Luckies...
AUCTIONS in my warehouse
in Farmville, North Carolina,” says Mr. Branch Bobbitt, "the higher the tobacco sells for, the better my profits. So I’m always glad to see Lucky Strike buyers in there bidding. They know what they want and they’ll keep bidding right up until they get it. "Well—in a cigarette — it’s the tobacco that counts, I know tobacco and I know what tobacco is in what cigarettes. So that’s one
reason I’ve smoked Luckies for 5 or 6 years.” /Mr. Bobbitt represents the "aristocracy” of tobacco experts. He judges the tobacco that the growers grow. He’s impartial, not connected with any cigarette manufacturer. Many other experts agree with Mr.. Bobbitt. Sworn records show that, among independent tobacco experts, Luckies have twice as many exclusive smokers as have all the other cigarettes combined.
WITH MEN WHO KNOW TOBACCO
BEST-IT’S LUCKIES 2 T01
Qvpiglif UMl Ifci AioiricuTiilam) Oonvui