NUMBER 15
Football Squad Leaves For Ohio State At 9:30 Tonight
Cocky Robbins To Play For Annual PIA Fall Dance Tomorrow Night Cocky Robbins and his “swing band,” featuring an instrumentation similar to that used by the original Dixieland Band, will play from 9 to 12 tomorrow night for the annual P. I. A. fall dance in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. Starting the season, this first big P. I. A. activity will be the fore-runner of numerous dances and social functions. Featuring Arlene Owens, blond vocalist who sang at the College Inn in Chicago until last May, Robbins will also present the entire band in glee-club numbers. The Robin Hood trio is composed of brothers Max and Fred Murray, who were formerly with Herbie Kay’s orchestra, and Arlene Owens. Last summer the orchestra toured the lake resorts of Indiana and Michigan, playing at such places as Lake Wawasee, Manitou, Berrien, and Plesent. Robbins’ orchestra boasts the “largest saxophone section of campus bands in Indiana.” No membership cards will be sold at the dance—the admission price will be one dollar. However, memberships can be obtained from authorized P. I. A. salesmen, who are now canvassing the campus, or at the P. I. A. office in the Memorial Union Building from 4 to 6 p. m. Deadline For WSGA Petitions October 11 All freshman co-eds who wish to be candidates for the position of freshman representative on the W. S. G. A. Executive Board must turn in petitions signed by 25 freshman co-eds to the W. S. G. A. office on, or before Monday, October 11. Election of the two freshman representatives from the list of petitioners will take place at the W. S. G. A. mass meeting on Thursday, October 14. The petition should be in the following form: “We, the undersigned, do hereby nominate for the position of Freshman Representative on the W. S. G. A. Executive Board for the first semester of the year 1937-1938.’ Appoint Silveyj D. W. Silvey, M.'E. ’37, has just received his commission as second lieutenant in the United States Marine Corps, it was announced yesterday. Last year, Silvey was lieutenant colonel in the cadet corps, and a member of Scabbard and Blade, and was graduated with honors.
Songstress Student Union Gives Variety Hour Prevue
Blonde, shapely, Arlene Owens, former vocalist at the College Inn, Chicago, who will sing with Cocky Robbins’ band at the P. I. A. fall dance.
Dean Skinner Speaks At Poultry Meetings Dean J. H. Skinner, head of the University school of agriculture, welcomed approximately 200 men and women yesterday morning to the annual meeting of the Indiana State Poultry Association, which began yesterday and will last through tomorrow. A movie film showing the actual development of the hen’s egg was shown in the Electrical Engineering Building last night for the poultrymen. The day’s business was devoted to hatchery problems. Today’s schedule calls for talks on current poultry topics, and tomorrow will be given over to a discussion of turkeys. Skit Shop Holds Tryouts Today For Coming Season General tryouts for places in the P. I. A. Skit Shop program for the year will be held this afternoon at 4 o’clock in the tower room of the Union Building. The tryouts are to be held in order to classify actor and actress types that are available. The cast for the first play, a melodrama, will also be chosen at this time. J. E. Dietrich, new instructor in the University speecji department, is in charge of all the tryouts. Dietrich was formerly with the National Broadcasting Company, in Chicago, where he has been producing plays and announcing programs.
Real Noise^ Swing Fill Tower Room As Workers Rehearse Variety Hour
By Dorothea Justin Wild shouts, real swing by a good orchestra, unheard commands, unheeded suggestions, (movie college atmosphere) and gratifying sounds of hard work filled the tower room in the Union Tuesday night. Union workers and campus musicians were rehearsing the Union Variety Show to be given Saturday at 2 p. m. over WBAA. Tom Garland, the inevitable brown felt on the back of his head, cajoled the artists through their paces, as Dick “Stooge” Stapelton timed the numbers. Cues Numbers Jim Shoemaker, announcer, cued Pat Clinton’s band, Mary Ed Johnston’s solo, and Prank Schaefer’s original piano arrangements. Always truckin’ to Clinton’s rhy-
thm, Tevie Spencer entertained himself and stooges, Dutch Drabing and Bob Hastings, in their spare time. Heralded as his own script writer, Dave Thompson monologued amusingly, and even got laughs from his fellow performers. Carrying on the plan of not one sour moment in the whole ^hoW, the Rhythm Swingsters Mary Ellen Foresman, Jeanne Beemer, and Bob Heine, sang smoothly in Joe Sanders’ style. Picturesque, even industrious, the Variety hour group presented a picture of the motion picture kind of college atmosphere. Tomorrow evening at 7:15we Union Variety Hour will be p^ented to the campus witholit charge in the Union ballroom. Garland and Wai’d Stallings, offering a galaxy of campus stars,
Tomorrow Evening A prevue of the Student Union Variety Hour, presenting campus headliners in a free houh of song and entertainment, will be given in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building tomorrow night from 7:15 until 8:15, before the regular Friday night dance. Pat Clinton’s band will play, and Mary Ed Johnston and Frank Schaefer will sing solos. A trio, composed of Mary Ellen Foresman, Jeanne Beemer, and Bob Heine will sing, and Dave Thompson will do a “Lapidus” story in dialect. Mark Sterrett and Sal Palma are to sing a duet. The performers were selected by auditions. Tom Garland, in charge of the affair, asks for more amateur talent, for the Variety Hour is to become a permanent feature. The program will be broadcast on Saturday over WBAA. The prevue is being given to stimulate interest in campus activities. AIEE Meets Toniglit For Smoker In Union R. D. Birge, chairman di the Purdue student branch of A. I. E. E., win welcome members and prospective members tonight at a smoker in the faculty lounge of the Union Building. The strictly informal gathering will enable students to get better acquainted with the faculty members of the electrical engineering school. The A. I. E. E. is aiming this year toward the goal of close contacts and better relations between the students in the different classes of the electrical engineering school. All speeches and talks will be short, and will be followed by light Refreshments. Cigarettes will be served during the meeting, which begins promptly at 7:30 p. m. Pharmacy Students Attend Picnic, Meet Instructors About 150 pharmacy students and faculty members attended a picnic held last night at Murdock Park. For ' recreation the juniors and freshmen played the first game of softball with the lowly freshmen victorious. The sophomores and the seniors played the second game and the sophomores won this contest. As a nightcap the two winners engaged in a third game. While the boys played softball the women engaged in a game of volleyball. For supper, hot dogs, coffee, and apples were served. After supper short talks were given by the faculty members and various students. This get-together provided an excellent means for the students and faculty members to become better acquainted.
Officials Explain Hitch-Hiking Law According to a statement issued by the Lafayette police department last night, the official Lafayette ordinance regarding hitch-hjking, states, “There shall be no hitch-hiking within the city limits. The West Lafayete ordinance is different in that there is no restriction on hitch-hiking from the curb. The hitch-hiker must stay off the streets, however.
Pendergrkss, Reiley Win In Senate Election Fay Pendergrass was victorious over Lorene Ristow, and R. L. Reiley defeated R. L. Lippman in the vote yesterday to decide TKe ties that occurred in the recent student senate election. Fay Pendergrass is a senior in the home economics school and Reiley is a sophomore in the civil engineering school. There was only a medium-sized vote cast. Staff Member Dies Following Operation Edward E. Reynolds, E. E. ’94, a member of the electrical engineering staff, died yesterday morning at 10 o’clock in the Methodist Hospital in Indianapolis. Reynolds had been in ill health for several months and his death followed a surgical operation that was performed Saturday. Following his graduation in 1894, Reynolds served as a member of the University faculty until 1905. He then resigned his position to engage in agricultural work until 1929. He has been associated with the electrical engineering school since that time. While in school Reynolds worked on the Exponent, was initiated into Tau Beta Pi, national engineering honorary fraternity. Sigma Nu, social fraternity, and was a member of the Carlyle Literary society. Five Radio Stations Plan Broadcast Of Ohio State Football Game Saturday Purdue’s crucial Big Ten opener with Ohio State at Columbus on Saturday will be broadcast by five different statioi]\s, headed by the station WTAM, Cleveland, according to word received from Ohio State athletic authorities. The game will start at 2 o’clock Eastern Standard Time, or 1 o’clock Lafayette time. In addition to WTAM, stations scheduled to broadcast the game include: WOSU, WBNS, WOOL, and WHKZ.
Obey Hitch-Hiking Ordinance-Elliolt - ’ ^ A letter from Superintendent E. J. O’Connor, of the Lafayette department, of metropolitan police, calls especial attention to the city ordinance governing hitch-hiking within the limits of the city of Lafayette. This ordinance became necessary because of the danger involved and because of the complaints of motorists. With the return of the students and the consequent increase of the numbers waiting at street intersections and filling stations for possible rides, it is necessary for the department to make an added effort to enforce this ruling and thus to guard the convenience and safety of the traveling public. v All Purdue students are urged to cooperate with the police department by obeying the ordinance relative to hitch-hiking within the city limits of Lafayette. ^ EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, President.
Student Body To March Across Levee For Team Send-Off At Big Four Station Assembling in the village at 8:45 tonight, loyal Boilermakers will form a grand procession to march across the levee to the Big Four station for a snappy team send-off prior to the all-important Big Ten opener at Ohio State Saturday. Led by Purdue’s All-American band and a special police escort, team supporters will arrive at the station shortly after
9, whereupon head coach Mai*
Elward, Cecil Isbell, Schreyer, and Woltman will give short talks. Only through sacrifice on the part of band members is the musical organization able to take such an important role in this send-off. Busy preparing their homecoming prograpa and their part of the Varsity Show broadcast, little time can be spared. It was only after band officials were assured that at least 2,000 would be out for the parade that cheer leaders were promised the band’s assistance. At a similar session last year, several of the instruments were damaged by the pushing cRbwd.
Future cooperation on the part of the band can be insured only by attendance and conduct at tonight’s session. If insufficient numbers show endugh pep to get out, or if damage comes to band instruments at the hands of the crowd, there is little possibility that the band will ever again be available for send-offs.
Following the talks, cheer leaders will direct yells and the band will play. Tbe train, carrying the coaching staff and 26 squad members will pull out at 9:30. Fraternities, sororities, and residence halls are being contacted and urged to turn out 100 per cent. American Foresters Will View Indiana's Woodlands American Foresters Central States section will hold its annual meeting at Hotel Taggart on Bass Lake, October 7, 8, and 9. Thursday will be devoted to business sessions, while Friday and Saturday will be given over to a tour of Indiana woodlots, plantations in the vicinity of Plymouth and the JasperPulaski Game Preserve. . Purdue staff members will discuss details and answer questions concerning some phase of forestry management at each stop. The conference will end in time for the group to attend the Pur-due-Carnegie Tech game here. The committee on arrangements consists of Profs. B. N. Prentice, Dan DenUyl, T. E. Shaw of the Purdue department of forestry, together with L. E. Sawyer, of the Resettlement Administration in Indianapolis.
Coupons Must Be In By Tomorrow For Carnegie Tickets In order to retain the right for preferential seating ^y classes for the Carnegie Tech Homecoming game, students must turn in the proper coupons to the ticket office by the close of business on tomorrow afternoon, it was emphasized last night by Ticket Manager C. S. Doan. Any student orders received after Friday will be filled in the order of their receipt without regard to class preference. The coupons in the student identification book are exchangeable for reserved seats in the student section without additional charge. Students simply fill out the proper blank in the ticket office, enclose proper coupons, and leave in a self-addressed envelope. Orddrs may be combined into groups without loss of class preference providing all members of the group belong to the same class, but in event of a mixed group, the block will be filled in the section called for by the lowest coupon in the group. Orders for both the Carnegie game, October 9 and the Iowa game, October 30, may be left at the same time. The deadline for preferential orders on the Iowa game has been set as October 20. Radio Club Discusses Plan Of Sending Free Messages Messages of University students sent anywhere in the United States free of charge, is one of the plans which the Radio Club discussed last night in room F of the Union Building in their first meeting of the year and which they hope to put into operation soon over W9YB, the club station. Ed Thompson presided over the 40 “hams” who attended the meeting. Next Tuesday, the club will meet again, but for a smoker. Some other plans formulated at the meeting were the rebuilding of the club radio station and introducing classes in code receiving and'sending. The club hopes to be able to have classes in code for beginners and for speeding up the more advanced stu-
dents.
Stamp Bugs Invade Campus; Hundreds Bitten As Conclave Is Held In Union
By Don Paarlberg There are 1,000 stamp bugs in Lafayette. There are 500 staipp bugs in Purdue University. Fifteen per cent of the people in this country are stamp bugs. A stamp bug, in case you didn’t know it, is a species of predatory humanity that prowls about dusty stamp galleries, digs through last year’s mail, and pounces fiercely upon his quai‘ry> to drag it off to his den, where he pastes it tenderly in his stamp album. People aren’t born stamp bugs. They just get bitten and then they have the disease. It’s just like hydrophobia or measles or soncething.
It’s spreading at Purdue University. They have organized. They broadcast over the radio. They hold meetings on the campus. They had an exhibit yesterday at the Union Building. Over 1,000 people saw it. $3,000 worth of the stamps were on exhibit, all named and classified, from the famous Great Britain Poached Egg to the Graf Zeppelin first issue. University professors, kindergarten kids, and Purdue students milled through the reception room to gawk at and exclaim over the 4,000 stamps on exhibit. One enterprising stamp hug figured that it Would take two qusirts of saliva and 12 yards of tongue to “stick” the exhibit!' ^ ^ ifr^ j « „ ^ . j'/ ' i
•i^ 4'^'^ fejw ii(J| ({.u<*‘^ff-?
) I’i
yt ■jT ir?
THE PURDXJE EXPONENT
Thursday! September 30» 1937
the Purdue Exponent
Founded in 1889
MEMBER
^soeiuted ^Ue^mte ^rcss
RBPRB9ENTEO POR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BY National AdvetiistngServlce,Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison AVE New York N Y CHICAOO Boston Uo« Angeles s*h Francisco
Editorial Phone 6087 Campus Subscriptions $8 per year
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street Lafayette, Indiana
Business Phone 6088 Mail Subscriptions $8 60 per year
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF R. P Manion BUSINESS MANAGER D C. Miller
This newspaper written edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University All opinions m it, unlees otherwise accredited are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official Univers^y viewpoint All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief
Editorial Staff
J E Brock
MANAGING EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITORS D A Bailey L, S Hardin C D Schroeder H I Stanback D R Vance SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS L C Farquhar, G W Frederick K C Houston R E Insley W A Kroephn D L Olson B T Loveridge, G A Torrence A B Keller R J Deckard D Paarlberg, C J Tafel D G Terno J C Woodson
Co ed Staff
CO ED EDITOR Elizabeth Pyke ASSOCIATE EDITORS Mary Cooley Dorothea Justin
Sally McKee
SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS Mary Davis Patricia Heme Patricia Henry Alice Martens Yvonne Price Mildred Ross Emily Sawdon Georganne Schilling Helen Steffee Katherine Thrasher, Betty Wickard Joan Wimborough
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103 act of Oct 3, 1917, authorized Jan 20, 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session
Business Staff
ASSISTANT BUSINESS MANAGER J P Girard Local Advertising Staff LOCAL ADVERTISING MANAGER . R R Hensler SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS E A Antonmi, W A Beman V R Daugherty H R Gingher National Advertising Staff NATIONAL ADVERTISING MANAGER W J Gilhlan SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS _ JR Fouts, J R Drever H W Nevin Circulation Staff CIRCULATION MANAGER M C Reeves SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS _ W F Berg R L. Lippman O E Lorenz, W E Smith
Sports Staff
SPORTS EDITOR p R F Obenchain ASSOCIATE EDITORS J S Brown R L McDonald
B D Witwer
SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS G W Bruer C W Brown J Collins W H Murray, W F Qualls,
J A Hebbeler
NIGHT EDITOR
D R Vance ISSUE EDITOR THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1937
G. J. Tafel
EXPONENT PLATFORM f? 1 Improve student housing conditions 2 Promote student honesty on tests and final examinations and in the preparing of laboratory reports 3 Stimulate the University instructional staff to better teaching methods A Job For PIA We are following up Independent Editor Dave Meacham’s endorsement of rooming house clubs with the proposal that his own Purdue Independent Association assume the function of promoting such organizations. Just as the Intramural department plans and stimulates inter-ward sports activity, so might PIA take steps toward organizing houses of, say, eight or mofe men for athletic, social, and scholarship purposes. As Editor Meacham pointed out, there are already several such groups around the campus. Rooming house students get together, decide that orderly cooperation of their members in various activities and selfdrafted, self-enforced rules of house conduct will prove advantageous to the group. So they elect a president and as many other officers as they deem fit, appoint committees to draw up house rules, to arrange athletic contests, and to overlook other house
activity, and organization is well on its way. Permanent organization is considered^ unnecessary, so the group seeks no recognition from the University. Of course, such associations of students must comply with University regulations, as interpreted by Dean of Men Fisher. These rules mainly prohibit dances and other social affairs in which women would be brought into the house. If the boys want to dance. Dean Fisher says, they can go to a mixer. Instead of leaving organizations to initiative of students in the various rooming houses, as heretofore, we suggest that PIA actively promote formation of such clubs. PIA could easily build up its own association through its work in giving advice to and planning activities for these house organizations. Call To Loyal Boilermakers Tonight’s parade from the Village to the Big Four railroad station and the following sendoff gives every University student a chance to show the Boilermaker gridiron stars that he is back of them in their battle against the strong Ohio State eleven, and provides a brief relaxation from studies at the same time Let’s everyone get out there at 8:45 tonight and give the Purdue team a real send-off.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
PIA “Rush” Parties To help girls not planning to go through formal rush period in making new friends and in becoming interested in Purdue’s Independent Association, that Organization is giving a series of parties for new women students. While rushees are meeting organized or sorority girls other freshman and transfer co-eds may become acquainted with upperclasswomen who are not members of Greek letter groups. Elaborate arrangements for entertainment are being made by Miss Wien, P. I. A co-ed executive, and her committee of eight girls. “A Night in Greenwich Village” suggests a good time for Tuesday night the first night party “A “desserttheatre” party is the title of the second and last party on Thursday night This evening PIA. will present movie “Kornered in Klondike,” which was produced on the campus last summer. We’ve heard this pic ture amuses audiences a great deal as a hissing, hurrahing melodrama
Letters To The Editor
By Mary Cooley “More feeling can be put into ‘Ich liebe dich’ if the student of German is', manipulating his puppet in a love scene at the same time,” says Prof C. 0 Arndt of North western University “The puppets are very adaptable because they can speak any lang uage Then, the student projects himself into the thought world o;( the author when he uses puppets He would not do this if he were merely reading the lines,” explains Dr Arndt, who is on the school of education faculty * * * * Young men need training to adjust themselves to society—that is why the high schools of Rochester, New York, now give courses for boys in home and family life The classes visit day nurseries to study the management of young children They are taught how to choose clothes for wearing qualities and suitability, as well as how to repair them They learn the principles of home ownership and renting, the elements of household re pair work, and how to budget expenses The art of buying food economicly and wisely and the essentials of a nutritious, balanced diet are presented A graduate of this class ought to be quite a catch * * * ♦ Super-intelligent co-eds are esti mated to have about a 50 pei cent chance of getting mariied. Records show that since 1918 only 76 of the 145 members of a Grinnell College (m Iowa) scholastic honor society were married Of all the co-eds married during the last two years, none belonged to the hon or organization *0*0 One hundred selected books to read and study! That is the entire requirement of a course begun by
20 freshmen at St. John’s College in Maryland At an inch and a half pel book that is going the five foot shelf moie than seven feet better He ^ Football paid the way for most of Dartmouth’s sports last year, and helped pile up the surplus of $24,000 in all sports, according to recent announcement of the college athletic council Football receipts were better than $188,000 and basketball brought in over $13,000. However, the latt^ sport ended the season with a $645 deficit, and the hockey team listed a deficit of more than $3,000 In spite of these deficits, the surplus was an increase of 2|30 per cent over the surplus of the previous year
What, Where, When? By Sally McKee
Letters to the editor mast be fairly short and must be accompanied by the writer’s sisrnatures Unless otherwise requested, the author’s name wiU be published with his letter If, for reasons obvions to our read ers, we see fit to withhold any name, that name will be held in strict confidence The Exponent assumes no responsibility for the oj^inions voiced herein. Wake Up, Lafayette Dear Editor: A friend of mine has an ambition that IS worthy of note. He says that as soon as he gets in a position where he can be a philanthropist, he is going to buy Pursue University from the state and move it to some town or city where it will be appreciated. The hitch-hiking ordinance is typical of the attitude of a few of the townspeople who do not seem to realize to what extent Purdue University helps keep Lafayette on the map as a city of some re nown, and not just a hick town, which it might otherwise be very easily considered It seems nearly axiomatic that, as towns glow smaller, the pplice force tries to grow more important My,
‘Somebody’s flooding the city with counterfeit $1,000 billswe better warn the public to examine carefully each bill they receive.”
what a difference there is in talking with any of the fine young men on the Indiana State Police Force and then talking to one of the “cops” on the ‘^Lafayette department of metropolitan police ” I would suggest that Lafayette wake up. H. W Arnold, Ch. E. ’38
Subscribe for The Purdue Exponent NOW!
For the first time in several years the junior and senior students at Montana School of Mines are receiving an opportunity to work one shift a week in the Butte mines Arrangements were made with the Anaconda Copper Mining Company and the Butte Miners’ Union. VogueContestOpen To Senior Co-eds By Milled Ross Prix de Pans, Vogue’s Fashion Contest IS the answer IF you are interested in pretty clothes and IF you think you know more about style than most people do The Octobei Vogue announces a contest open to all senior co-eds of accredited colleges and universities over the country, an opportunity to enter one of the most fruitful fields open to women today. Entrants aie required to send answers to six quizzes and wiite a thesis in ordei to be eligible for a prize The papers are graded on fashion knowledge derived from a study of Vogue, ability to write cleaily and vividly, diamatic presentation of ideas, and general information For further information the Vogue magazine has a more detailed account
Did you pass a girl on the campus today or yesterday who was a dead ringer for your former girl or Dixie Dugan We all see these people often, and occasionally we become ac quainted with them Now let us warn you, don’t tell your friend that he looks like Harpo Marx You may not mean to hurt his feelings, in fact seeing his resemblance to Harpo may be an expression on your part of your great nmation for the harpist Marx, buf%im may not be flattered to hear that he lecalls Harpo to your mind He is not, as you intended, pleased One girl, liking two others, may mention to A her resemblance to B, thereby earning the eternal dislike of A not only for herself but for B as well Baptist Group Holds SemiAnnual Picnic On Saturday Roger Williams Club ,the West Side Baptist student group will hold its semi annual picnic Saturday afternoon at Vawter’s cabin on the Tippecanoe river The cabin is the propel ty of E. B Vawter, prominent citizen of the West Side and enthusiastic supporter of student activities in the church. At Vawter’s generous invitaticm, the students gather twice a year, in the fall and m the spring, for boating, swimming, ball games, swinging, a bean supper, and songs aiound a feampflre All Baptist students and their friends are cordially invited by those in charge to join in the fun with the group this Saturday. Those going are to meet at the church at 1 o’clock, where transportation to the cabin will be furnished.
STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
— Plus • A Murdered Man’s Son Fights for the Killer’s Life!
will, ALAN BAXTER • ANDREA LEEDS OWEN DAVIS, JR • ASTRID ALLWYN
ALSO MICKEY MOUSE
HELD OVER! THRU SATURDAY By Popular Demand
STEUA DAUAS WtTH BARBARA STANWYCK JOHN BOLES . ANNE SHIRLEY
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
TODAY — FRI. — SAT. Tim McCoy in “ACES AND EIGHTS” —ALSO— Charles Quigley and Rosiland Keith in “FIND THE WITNESS” —PLUS— ‘Robinson Crusoe No. 6” —and— Cartoon
Starts Today 2 First Run Hits
THE THREE MESQUITEERS BOB LIVINGSTON RAYtORRIGAN MAX TERHUNE,
1 REPUBLIC^’ICTUntj^ -Plus
HANe m FOR SCREAMiMG EXCITEMENT!
LYLE TALBOl POLLY ROWLES
A NEW UNIVERSAL PiaURE
Double Attraction
ftfCBAKD
Exclusive - Official Motion Pictures OF THE Carnival of World's Champions — BETWEEN — LOU AMBERS World's Lierhtweight Champion vs PEDRO MONTANEZ Porto Rico Challenscer
BARNEY ROSS World's Lightweigrht Champion vs CEFERINO GARCIA Philippine Island Challenger
„ MARCEL THU World's Middleweigrht Champion vs FRED OPOSTOLI San PranclBCO Challenger
Wor?dWa?t»nL^e§J?lM
ampion
harry™ Baltimore Challcnffer
%
Nm\t
Thursday* Sepfember 30* 1937
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
I
Cross-Country Squad Leaves For Pitt Tomorrow; Veterans Bolster Team
The Boilermaker up-and-colming cross-country squad doubly inspired by a new track coach and a speedy freshman who has shown his heels to all the boys in practice, will make the longest trip of the year this week-end when they go to Pittsburgh for a dual meet with the eastern squad Saturday. This is the first athletic meet of any sort that the Boilermakers have had with the Pittsburgh school, and one of the longest trips ever to be taken by the cross-country squad. Members of last year’s squad Who will probably make the trip include Bell, Goory, Knapp, Long, Bodeau, and Marozik. Tough competition is expected from Johnny Woodruth, Pittsuburgh distance man, who is considered one of the best halfmilers''in the country. The team will leave Friday morning, making the entire trip by auto.
ALL-CAMPUS TENNIS TODAY—4:15 Stroup vs. P. E. Johnson Richardson vs. Billings Brodsky vs. Powell K. K. Huffman vs. Kosowicz R. W. Anderson vs. Brockman Blitz vs. Berg Tillson vs. Douglas or Frey Vaughan or Fleming vs. Wagner or L’Heureux Wilkins vs. Frye or Morse L. W. Meyer vs. Monger or Hargesheimer J. H. Johnson vs. Ludberg or Hebbeler Baugh vs. Topping Alston vs. Campbell
Batteries Start 'Y' Hour Swimming Pradice Today Starting today during the “Y” hour of each battery, the non-swim-ming members of the various military units will be separated from the swimmers in preparation for the inter-battery swimming meets next month. Assisting the military attaches will be 16 members of the Dolphin Club, honorary swimming society, who will help in the instruction of the non-swimmers.
FRATERNITY GOLF FINALS TODAY—4:15 (Match Play) Phi Kappa Psi vs. Sigma Chi Delta Upsilon vs. Phi Delta Theta Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Kappa Sigma Phi Gamma Delta vs. Theta Chi.
SOFTBALL TODAY—4:15 Diamond 3—Ward 17 vs. Ward 12 5—Ward llA vs. Ward 13 7—Delta Upsilon vs. Delta Tau Delta 9—Ward 10 vs. Ward 11. 11—Wdrd 14 vs. Ward lOX 13—Ward 6 vs. Ward 9 15—Ward 7 vs. Ward 8 17— Ward 4 vs. Ward 6 18— Ward 2 vs. Ward 2X
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY £ast Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
»the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
— Bookstores — SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
‘‘DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701 DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
— Jewelry
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
Dine
JliidiA, DINE ^ DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Lindbergh Road
— Hardware — EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN — Locksmith — “C” CARTER for Keys — Locks — General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L. • — Confectionery — Try Some of Our Home Made Ice Cream and Candy Glatz's Confectionery Main and Sixth Sts. — Shoe Repair — BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP — Photography —■ Scobee’s REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette — Florist — ] Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th ' Phone 6050 CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY ''' • • Most exclusive assortment of corsages available to Purdue Students. 527 Main Phone 5432
Fielder’s Choice
When the Boilermaker crosscountry team meets Pittsburgh this Saturday, one of their opponents will be Johnny Woodworth, the outstanding half-miler of this country atvthe present time . .. the harriers are leaving tomorrow morning by train. —^fc— In the game against Ohio State Satxirday, the men are planning to do something that has never been done by Purdue against them . . and that is, score a touchdown or two and win a football game. —^fc— This afternoon all fraternity contests have been postponed in order to make it possible for all fraternity men interested in athletics to report at the Stadium for the Sigma Delta Psi tryouts . . The’intramural department will have, men present ready to pass off any track or field events that the inspiring athletes wish to run.. . any student in the University may try to make the athletic honorary. Sigma Delta Psi. —^fc— It seems that football is not the only dangerous sport on the campus . . . Three of our fair co-eds on horseback were racing away from the University Airport when one of the horses shied and threw pretty Jane Baker of the Chi Omega sorority ... Jack Bailey, Phi Psi, seeing the runaway horse, dashed forward m his chariot (a la Ford) and rescued the young lady... she was taken to Doctor Miller’s office and then to the hospital ... no bones were broken, and Jane has been doing nicely.
ALL-CAMPUS GOLF Please sign up and pay ten cents entry fee at intramural office. —CLEVETT.
Hold First Sigma Deita Psi Tryouts Tonight At Stadium The first tryouts for Sigma Delta Psi, honorary athletic society, will be held in Ross-Ade Stadium to night at four o’clock. Sigma Delta Psi is open to any student on the campus; freshmen, senior, or five year man, none are excepted. The requisites for this honorary consist of various uthletic trials which must be completed under certain specific conditions. These include, among others, a football kick, baseball throw, 100 yard dash, 120 yard high hurdles, shot put, broad jump and high jump. All of these events will be run off tonight. Try Until Successful Candidates may try any event as many times as is necessary to complete it successfully, many electing to work on just one or two events at a time until they become proficient enough in these to pass on to the others. Tonight’s trials will be under the direction of Prof. Brenes, faculty member of the club. Bill Fifield, Exponent sports columnist, is the president of the organization. Purdue Club Meets, Plans Homecomiiig Day Program One hundred members of the Tip pecanoe County Purdue Club made plans for a banquqt October 9, following the homecoming football game between Purdue and Carnegie Tech, at a meeting in the Memorial Union Building, last Monday. The program for the meeting included movies of the senior cord parade, the football game Saturday, and the laying of the cornerstone for the new Fieldhouse. Mel Taube and Mai Elward, of the University coaching staff, discussed this year’s football prospects.
CONVENIENT For Your Guests on the Corner of the Campus and in The Center of ACTIVITY Yet Pleasant, Quiet and COMFORTABLE Make Reservations Now - THE UNION CLUB / J/UL fiwtdusL WsmjoucxL lAmmc Corner of the Campus—Yet the Center of Activities ^
Lambert Leaves To Attend Pep Session At Cincinnati In preparation for the Ohio State game Saturday, Ward Lambert, Herman Phillips, and Ethridge Baugh, Purdue alumni secretary, left yesterday for Cincinnati where fhey will attend a pep session of the Purdue Clubs in Ohio at the Kemper-Lane Hotel. During the week-end of the game, the University team and alumni will maintain headquarters at the Desh-ler-Wallick Hotel in Columbus, it was announced yesterday. As part of the week-end program, a banquet and dance have been planned for Saturday night.
Standings
NATIONAL LEAGUE Won Lost Pet New York 92 55 .625 Chicago 90 60 .600 Pittsburgh 81 68 .543 St., Louis 80 70 .533 Boston 76 74 .510 Brooklyn 61 87 .412 Philadelphia 59 88 ’ .401 Cincinnati 56 93 .376 —Results —■ Chicago„3; Cincinnati, 0. Pittsburgh, 7; St. Louis, 6. New York 6-5; Philadelphia 3-6.
AMERICAN LEAGUE Won Lost Pet. Neyr York 100 48 .675 Detroit 87 63 .580 Chicago 83 66 .557 Cleveland 80 70 .533 Boston 78 68 .534 Washington 71 77 .479 Philadelphia 60 89 .402 St. Louis . 45 104 .298 —Results— Cleveland, 6-0; Chicago, 4-1. Boston, 3-7; Washington 1-4. New York 16-0; Philadelphia 4-3. St. Louis, 7; Detroit, 6.
LITTLE WORLD SERIES Columbus (AA), 5; Newark (IL), 4 Lafayette Community Fund Will Boardcast On WBAA Over the voice of the University radio station, WBAA, the Community Fund of Lafayette will broadcast a program every Thursday afternoon at 3 o’clock about work of the various welfare units connected with it. In each program, fund speakers present a concise story of one of the agencies. The work of the Girl Scouts in this community will be the theme for the program this afternoon.
It^s Elmo Week at Loeb’s
and we want you girls to come over and meet Jeanne Harris, ELMO COSMETICS cover a complete treatment for both dry and oily skins. The products are popular priced and recommended by leading beauticians. Ask Mi ss Harris to show you the special —^featured this week only. LBEB & H e NC COMPANY Toiletries, Street Floor
Tennis Proqiects Give Good Showing During Fall Pradice Varsity tennis practice is in full swing with 16 candidates, four of whom are returning lettermen, promising a close struggle for varsity ranking. Coach LaBree is drilling them on the various strokes and fundamentals and also attempting to correct the individual faults. Seine of the more outstanding contenders for rankings are: Captain Blakefield, Traylor, Jackson, and Gardner; all members of last year’s team, and three promising sophomores, Fuente, Blitz, and Berg. Mann, another letterman of last year, is a candidate for the football team and will be unable to report for practice until next spring. Tournament Next Week LaBree has scheduled a doubles tournament for next week, with only varsity candidates competing. If weather permits, practice will be held through October and a singles tournament will conclude the fall tennis activities. Prospects for a winning Boilermaker tennis squad next spring appear unusually bright and with such a contingent of fine material on hand, the fights for positions on the team will be keenly contested right up to the opening match. Open Competition Starts Sunday In Touchball League Starting Sunday, October 3, the annual greater Lafayette TouchbaU League will launch its fall season. This year for the first time in history, the League will be open to the Purdue students and any fraternity or independent group may enter. Games are all played on Sunday afternoon, beginning at two-thirty, either at Columbia Park, Shamrock Park, or on the Intramural E7eld. In the past the league has been limited to six teams, but this year it is expected that the increased interest will swell this number considerably. Play will be held in the roundrobin manner until the last of November, and all equipment will be furnished. Any interested parties may get in touch with^J. R. Reitemeier, city recreational director, at the Vocational Building, Sixth and Columbia streets, or by telephouing 6095.
Liniversily Calendar
—TODAY— American Chemical Society: Dinner in Union reception room at 6 p. m. meeting in Chemistry Building, room 106, at 7:30 p. m. Indiana State* Poultry Association: Session in Poultry Building at 8 a. m. Luncheon in Union ballroom at 12:30 p. m. Music Room Recordings: Union music room, 12 to 1 o’clock and 4 to 7. Animal Husbandry Club: Round-Up for agricultural freshmen at University Grove, 4:30 p. m. —FRIDAY— Indiana State Poultry Association: Session in Poultry Building at 8 a. m. Purdue Independent Association: Dance in Union ballroom at 9 p.m. Prime Movers-Edison Electric Co.: Luncheon in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building at 12 o’clock. Session in Union faculty lounge at 1 p. m. Dinner in rooms 1 and 2 ^ of the Union Building at 6:30 p.m. —SATURDAY— Prime Movers-Edison Electric Co.: Meeting in Union faculty lounge at 8 a. m. Luncheon in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building at 12 noon. Football: Boilermaker “B” team vs. Notre Dame “B” team in RossAde Stadium at 2 p. ra.'* Insurance Underwriters: Meeting in Union peasant room at 12 noon. Sororities: Rush starts nt 2:16 p. m. University Club: Picnic at Ross Civil Camp at 2:30 p. m. Dinner at Ross Civil Camp at 5 p. m.
IF YOU HAVE, AND DON^ WANT TO HAVE; OR DON^ WANT TO HAVE, AND HAVE — Use the Expeneni Classified Column to let others know. • Ads are taken in Room E of the Purdue Memorial Union oik a cash basis only.iM#-'? If
5)
I:” i
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursdciy« September 30# 1937
325 University, Local Men Attend Smoker About 326 persons attended the •get-logethei smokei foi Univai sity faculty and staff membeis and local business and piofessional men m the balhoom of the Fo'wlei Hotel, the affaii being sponsoied by the Gieatei Lafayette Chambei of Commerce in an effoit to piomote closei lelationship between the Univeisity and local business men. Haiiy P Schulz, local attorney, and mastei of ceremonies for the binokei, intioduced the four piinciple speakeis of the evening. Those ■who spoke aie Piesident E. C Elliott, A E. Stuait, David E. Ross, and C M. Thompson, dean of the commeice college at the Umveisity of Illinois The Pm due lelations committee of the Chambei of Commerce was in chaige of the aiiangements for the smokei foi the local business men and -weie assisted by a University committee consisting of Dean V. C. Fieeman, Prof F C Hockema, and Prof. R. Phillips. WSGA Conference To Stress Opportunities New fiontieis for women will be the keynote of the second W. S. G. A Vocational Guidance Conference, which will be held Thuisday and Friday, October 20 and 21. The focus of the meeting will be on fields of interest to women, with emphasis on new and coming lines of work Follo'wing precendent set at the first conference in 1935-36, Friday •will be spent in group meetings lead by women prominent in the various fields of interest undei discus-
Friday evening a social hour is planned with short talks by some of the visiting women. The climax of the conference is planned as a banquet Friday evening with a guest speaker to summate the efforts and achievements of the meetings Dorothy Maitinet, who is Voca tional Guidance chairman of W. S. G. A., conducted a survey last spring of the mteiests of University co-eds upon which she has based the plans for this conference. It is hoped that each girl will find in the program, topics of interest to her at each group meeting hour. It is the purpose of the conference to assist women students to choose a profession and to enlighten those who have made a choice on industrial op portunities there.
Relic Drinking Fountain’s Age Remains Mystery By Dorothea Justin Too deep for a bird bath, too shallow for a wash basin, but a thoroughly good geim trap, the dunking fountain, fiist floor left, in Heavilon Plall IS a pictuiesque relic still being put to use. Occupants of Heavilon Hall, when asked how long the fountain has been theie, leply wiyly, “It was heie when we came. Ask G. A Young^—he has a good memoiy ” A low tiickle of water comes fiom the red, rusty appearing pipe in the centei of the eight-inch diameter bowl The bowl, though repainted white, is unappetizing in itself because of the chipped and flaked center. The ancient convenience piobably causes the Student Health Service to have a laige run of cold patients e''feiy yeai. Freshman Ags Will Meet Instructors At Reception In order that freshman agriculture students may become better acquainted -with then instructois, the annual leception foi them will be held in the Livestock Judging Pavilion tomorrow night at 7.30 o’clock A baked supper will be served and games and stunts by the different agricultuial clubs have been planned for the program. This affair is held annually to give the freshmen a chance to get acquainted -with the professors and instructors in the agricultural school It IS sponsored by Ceres, Alpha Zeta, Forestry, Etymology, Daily, Horticulture, Poultry, and Farm Management Clubs, and Hoof and Horn, -with Ceies Club planning the program. All freshmen agricultural students are urged to attend by Damon Cation, publicity manager for the Ceres Club. Animal Hishanderslour Farms At Annual Round-Up Approximately 130 students and instructors in the school of agriculture attended the annual Animal Husbandry Round-Up and barbecue held at the farms and at the Dean’s pasture last night Nearly 100 of the gioup were freshmen who have some interest in animal husbandry. The inspec tion trip, barbecue, and camp fire program is sponsored by the am mal Husbandry Club and instructors in the animal husbandry de partment.
Sound Call For Coed Debate Managers; Meet Today At 4 Betty Hiner, junior co-ed debate manager, has issued a call for coed debate managers, who will assist her in carrying out the_year’s forensic activities among the co-eds. All applicants will meet in room 301 University Hall, today at 4 p. m. The co-ed debate managers help run the co-ed intramural debate contests and the yearly high school debate conference. All sophomores who make the giade will be presented with keys and elected to the position of co-ed debate manager.
Local Ads
LOST—Gray-black Parker Challenger fountain pen with silve’ clip. Reward Call C. A. Wallac^, 66104, 315 University.
FOR SALE—Underwood portable typewriter. Good as new. 146 Pierce street. Phone 75964. Call afternoons or evenings.
FOR RENT—University staff or acceptable party. Seven rooms furnished, from October 15. Only $35 405 East Stadium Phone 45094 Large grounds, fine views.
♦Trade mark for key tension device
Royal has the greatest feature on portables today—TOUCH CONTROL I It adapts the key tension instantly to everyone’s finger pressure I CALL —OR MAIL THIS COUPON Gentlemen Please tell me about Royal’s three moderately priced models complete with carrying case Also details of easy payment plan Three models—three prices with payments ranging from 75(! to $1 25 per week—(De Luxe Model illustrated) Name
NAME AND ADDRESS
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, puichased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigiaph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Mam street.
LOST—In athletic ticket office three notebooks, (chem., trig., and Eng.) One Eng comp, and one trigonometry book If found please return to 237 S Grant street. West Lafayette, or phone 65962. Reward.
WANTED—Student for part time work Must have meat experience.
Miller Meat Market, 113 Vine.
FOR SALE—Underwood portable typewriter. Good as new. 146 Pierce Street. Phone 76964. Call afternoons or evenings.
FOR SALE—Tuxedo, size 36, good condition, price $10. Phone 61301. 119 S. Grant street. West Lafayette.
TRUMPET MAN— Experienced, wants position in dance orchestra Phone 61672.
Notices
Sophomore Engineers; Drawing plates for semester 1 PM 12, and semester 2 PM 11 and PM 12, may be had at room 202, Michael Golden Shops until October 4 —RISING
Purdue Flying Club: Open meeting September 30 at 7 p m in faculty lounge All freshmen and new students are invited "Voting on new rules —CONWAY.
University Students: The following students are to report to the 'Student Health Service before noon, October 2 Malcolm Adams, Henry Agonis, Paul Allemang, Warren Archibald, Frank Balog, Jack Barnette, Jay Beamer, Alfred Berger Robert Best, Edward Blake, F W Bloom, Roger Bone, Robert Book, James E Bosse, Rex Bostwick, Uonald Boynton, Patrick Breman, Paul Brown Oscar Brunn, Kenneth Burns, James Cahill, George Calvert, Paul J Carr Joe Cavanagh, Merton Clevett Robert Coddington, Isador Cohen, Neil Collings, Lowell Compton, Francis Connolly, Everett Cook, Dean Cooper Thomas Cooper, Claience Corn, Crooks Tom Crowden, Charles Craven, 3^ Cunningham Otto Czvizler, James Daily Robert L Daniels F L Danowski, John Deal R F DeHoog A R Dickey, Donald Dobbie, Jack Dobson, George Doherty, William Donnelly Geoige Doty, Clifford Doyle Joseph DuBois, Jay Dubore, Cyrus Dyei Jay Ecklebaiger D A Edmondson, Gene Ehrlick John Emmert, Charles Feldt Robeit Finch, William Findt, Robert Fisher, R C Fleming, P K Franklin, Herbert Girt Charles Goddard, Carroll Goetz, George Graves Frank Gray, Edward Grier, A W Grimm, Richard Groff Frank Gustainis Richaid Haentjens, C C Hale, Theodore Hamman, Carl Hansing, Paul Hardy, Jay Hairison, William Hartnett, Fletcher Hatch Ralph E Hawker Dan Heiple, John Henderson, Ralph Higman. Max Hillmer, E W Hincks John Hluchan John Holloway Kenneth Houston, John Howerton, William Illsley, Joseph Inman, B S Jackewicz, Charles Jackson, Walter Jacoby, Delmer James, Paul Jarmott, Alan Johnson, Marvin Johnson, Richard Johnson, Lee Karns, Lester Kase, Marvin Keenan, Wilton Kenney Norman Kerbby, Frank Khan, Robert Kilgore, Max Kintigh Robert Kiein, James Kline, George Knapp, George Kohlmeier, Richard Kolp George Kowalchuk, Howard Krick, Casimir Krzewinski, William Kuster, Harry Kwasny, C E Layden John Layson, Howard Lee, Don Libengood, William Lindsay,
Qcuu^mL -- JhoJwuu^ - - ^mi&cmdwjuA. - - Optometric Service DR. A. ENZ, JR.
OPTOMETRIST 607 Main St.
DECKER’S
518.20 Main St.
Phone 6477
Austen Lord, David Lower, Henry Luhrman, Stafilby Ldkatvski, F^ank Madkin, William Maish, F. W Maleck, Thomas Mann, Ralph Manning, Willard Martin, John Maudlin, Hugh Maxwell, William McAdam, Mac McCartef, McCauley, Ward McDowell, W McEllhmey, Robert McGhee, Fiank McGinnis, tl A McQuillan, Barney Mead, Frederich Mendez, D R Mennen, Fred Mentzer, K R Michel E P Miles, Phill Miller, William R Miller, Raymond Mino, W B Mitchell, Gordon Mdnaghan, George Mdore, Clair More, James Morton, John Mote, Fred Mott, and Boardman S Mowry —MILLER
Knitters: Co-ea Knitting club contest to be explained September 30 at 7 16 p m in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building —WOOD
W. A. A. Hockey: September 30 and October 1 are dates for open practice for anyone —DOBSON
Civil Engineering Students. All those wishing to join the A S C E see Fred Ahrens, F C Moses, Lee Rieth, G D Rose, or sign up in the mam office Initial fee 60 cents, annual dues 60 cents Purdue Engineer 60 cents extra —ROSE
W. S. G. A.: Any girl desiring to woik on the activities committee meet in the office September 30 at 4 p m —JONES W. S. G. A. Freshmen Counselors: Notebooks may be received in W S G A office September 30 at 4 p m —HUBER Kappa Delta Pi. Special meeting Sep-
A. I. E. E.: Meeting September 80 at 7 30 p m in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building Free eats and smokes Open to all prospective EE students —SCHAEFER
Representatives From Women’s Residence Houses: Meet in W S G A office on October 6 at 4 p m —BEAMING
Union Workers: Report to Union office any time before October 1 for work on directory —WOOD
tember 30 at 7 16 p m in room A of t)ie MdWdi-lal Uhion Building ImiulrtAnt that all members be present r.irTjr.
Gold Peppers: Meeting at 6 p m September 30 in W S G A officfe —SLOCUM
Sports Women: There will be an important meeting in the lY. A A office September 30 at 4 p m —TUBBS
Newman Club: Members of contact committee will meet in the Union Building at 4 16 p m September 30 —McCONAHPY
W. A A. Tennis: The following games must be played by October 2, Bryant vs DeWitt, Stephenson vs Burtsfleld, Harlem vs Rohner, Fishleith vs Stockeiy, Dygert vs Jenkins See bulletin board for phone numbers of opponents, and tournament rules —JENKINS
Exponent Freshman Co-eds: Afternoon schedule for September 30 is as follows: Hagemeyer 1 to 3 p m , Rose 2 to 4 p. m —PYKE
Debris Pictures: All students who expect to graduate this spring and who do not have senior cards report to Debris office by October 1, and have pictures taken —EHINGER
Reamer Club: Short meeting September 30 at 7 30 in the Union It is necessary that every member be there -WALLACE
Y W. C. A. Cabinet: Important Y W C A cabinet meeting September 30 at 4 p m in the Y W C. A office —BRYANT
Industrial Education Seniors: Organization meeting for Industrial Education Society in the Union Building at 7 ‘30 p m September 30 —MOORE
Playshop Production Board: Important meeting in Fowler Hall office, September 30 Bring notebooks and registration lists Harvey Brenmann, Catherine Ann Cromer, June Young, Maiion Learning, Beth McCool, Martha Gillespie, and Cue Holden —GLOVER.
Social Dancing Classes Everyone should be taught social dancing, as it is one of the most important social requirements that life in this age demands. To experienced dancers we offer you the latest. To Beginners we offer competent and careful instruction. ENROLL NOW ADVANCE CLASS THURSDAY, SEPT. 30, 7:00 P. M. BEGINNER’S CLASS FRIDAY, OCTOBER 1, 7:00 P. M. We also have Adult Tap Classes, Ladies’ Ballet Classes and Children’s Classes.
Call or Phone 2150
ALLEN’S
Sixth and Ferry
Autumn Leaders
Topcoats These toppers top them all for style, quality, and value. Every new style and new fabric is represented in our stock. $19.50 $25.00 $29.50
Fall Suits
Fall suits that give you dollar for dollar value. You'll find smart djiagonai weave shetlands, new patterned worsteds— single and double breasted. $25.00 $29.50
$35.00
DEWENTER’S
416 Main Street