tl^lT SUGGESTS changing Of Tests \ To Help Students
(irriPFiATwwj'nf ' iofib^d To start Aga»n Next Week
EstabMthfi«| 1889
Hit Hirohifo
Velunte 55, No. 3
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thuraday. S#pfei|t|»#i 3, 1942
McNutt, Elliott Speak At ^W|ll Jo Win^ Gonvo
Student Speakers Al Participate In Program
For Three
Bpnds Go On Sale Union Will Sell 700 Season Tick^^ AfBqok Exchange In South Ballroom CdJes Tiar Uiiron^ big ijaihe Tar^de will be^ii^ today at 4 p ip, at the Book Exchange in the South Ballroom pf the Union Seven hundred season tickets, costing four dollars each, are available and after these are gone, it will become necessary to purchase tickets at the door individ-
ually at the price of $1 65
Shep I’lelds and his “New Music" will be the drst piajor attraction wheS'he brings his ——
Book Exchange Calls For Fro$h
Engineering Texts
Studenfs Sell B50 Books On Eirsf* Day
student Boolc/*^ Exchange re ceived an enthusiastic graeting at its opening yesterday morning with demand far exceeding supply Ovei 350 books were s<^d and approxi
mately 500 were received
Exchange officials last night
Strickland (Sillilan To Spoak $Bpt 13
University Blkn^ Twelve Conyos
For Fall, Spring Semesters
An extensive prograib ef stfld^nt convocations featuring
By Bill Hoskins
Another of the University’s patriotic demonstrations was staged in the Music Hall last night with all the finesse and pomp attendant on a poltical rally. Paul V McNutt, President Elliott and heads of student organizations instilled the “Will to Win" into the assembled
multitude of students which filled the Hall to the uppermost' balcony.
The University’s beloved and wildly gestilatmg Spotts Emrick brought a spotlighted Amer- ^ ^ ^ .. .. lean flag down from the rafters and the speakers out from the wings of the stage with ^s^ll turers has been pl^nijpd for th^s aca emic^^
of the drums and the audience, ' ' . .
assisted by the> Glee Club,
some of the nation's leading musical organizations and lec-
orchestra to the Union Ballrooms on Friday n;ght, September If. One week later on Friday, September 18, Sunny Dunham and his orchestra with Sunny playing the trumpet, will swing out in the second of the tuple star atti actions Claude Thornhill, who is playing at the Chicago Theatre this week will be the last number of the pa rade This dance on September 16 will precede the opening football game with Pordham on the six
teenth
foo Season Tickets
Season ticket sales will continue
until the night of the Shep Fields ci^lled for an immediate supply of during the tryouts
Music Groups To Hold Callout Meeting Today Stewart To Explain >York To Stifdeni's Albert P Stetyart, director of campus musical organizations, has scheduled a ipass meeting tonight at 7:30 in the Music Hall for all students interested in any one of the four major groups According to Stewart, the puipese of this meet ing IS to acquaint all interested per sons with the procedure to be car
broke into “The Star-Spangled Banner”. ^ President Elliott made the opening address, pointing out that students assembled there were allowed to remain in school because the University be lieves they “will be worth more than one in the final inyentory of the Nation’s power ”
Loaned Students
He stated that factories produc
University To Reopen
War Classes
Candidates May Register Now
War training classes will be offered in Lafayette again this fall
, , under the auspices of the United
States office of education. Prof C W Beese, director of the University
grams have been scheduled by the faculty comniittee in charge
oi convocatiops, headed by Prof. J T. Gfinn,
Strickland Gillilan, humorist and author, will open the fall convo serib^ with an address
University To Begin Nevy Grading Plan ^ Tills Semester
Achievement
Grade Replacf^ 'H'
dance or until tha 700 limit is reached Individuq,! tickets will cost a total of |4 96, if purchased indi vidually, and the four dollar season ticket lepiesents a saving of 96c or approximately 24 pei cent Ofljlcials of the Student Union, which IS sponsoring the Parade of Bands, uige all students to buy the season tickets earjy and take advan tage of the savings offered Accord
freshman engineering, mathemat ICS, and pharmacy textbooks, as well
as other technical hooks
Receiving as well as selling of used books will continue thiough September 12 in the South Union Ballroom during the regular ex change hours of 10 a m to 5 p m Owners of books will not be pei mitted to charge more than 76 per cent of the original purchase pi ice
<ng to Ralph Deuster, president of duying the sale The texts lyill be
sold on a non piofit basis by volun
teer student helpers
Accoidmg to the Board of Con trol, set up by Student Union ol flcials, all money and unsold books must be claimed before noon Sep tembei 12, following the sale Those failing to comply will automatically forfeit then right to money or books Leftover books will be sold on the wholesale maiket and re maining funds will be added to the
Book Exchange Fuqd
the Union, student support will be appreciated and will be instiumen tal in bringing more bands like
these to the campus Union To Offer Mixers
Regulai Satin day mixers will be held this month in addition to the Band Paiade Bands loi these dances as well as moie information and details of the Band Pjiiade will pe announced at a later dAte Playshop Will Hold Tryouts Next Thursday In Eliza Fowler Hall
Stewart stated that all those who wish to enter the Glee Club, the Concert Chou, the University Choir, or the University Orchestra must attend this meeting or wait until
next semester to enter 600-800 Ti youts Expected
He expects between 600 and 800 students to try out on Friday and Satuiday, making it impossible, he says, to allow him time to explain the purpose of the try outs to each individual Stewart expects to have one student before hipr every one and one half minutes Fiiday and
Satuiday
agencies of the nation had loaned students to the University for tram mg toward the war effort Elliott introduced Ralph Deuster, president of the StudenUUmon, Joe Neff, president of the Student Sen ate and Florence CioU, president of AWS, who gaye their views on the attitudes and courses of action ex pected from students enrolled in the Uniyersity at this time “Gqyernor” Speaks Then the Man Power Czar, hand some, florid, silver haired Paul V McNutt, known affectionately by filends And associates os “Cover nor’’ arosp to explain “Education’s Place in Wai”, after receiving the University’s traditional walcoiPe as led '^y head yell leader Byuce
Adams
“It IS the special task of the college to be the aisenal of skill,” said McNutt “It IS you who must tyam the men upon whom we must de
This semester a nejy ^ysThirf bf
program, announced today Registration rs now open in the Michael Golden Shops, room 102 for classes s^iarting early in September Appli-
Sefitemfeer 13 Gilhlan is the former editor of the Marion (Ind.) DlaBy Tribune, and originator of the famous “Off agm, on agm. Gone agin, Finnigm” and writer of “Danny and Fanny,” “Laugb It Off,” and “Sample Case
of Humor ”
Writer, Singer To Appear
On Saturday, October 3, Bido
Sayao, Metropolitan operatic
grading will take effect as specified prano, wjll sipg here Puccini’s opm the latest edition of the “Bwies era, '‘La Pp}ieme” will be presented and Regulations” pamphlet The on October 24, Walter Duranty.for-
New
... . 11 U.. .n.. eign correspondent for the New cation blanks may be obtained from Y^k Times since 1921, and author
The Music Hall will be open from , , , , 8 Friday morning until 6 the same ®
night, and tiy outs will continue at 8 Saturday morning until they aie
all finished \
Surplus Talent Expected
continues'
Expands On Elliott’s Statement
James Jehring in Michgel Golden Shops Classes will be held on the
carnpu®
22,000 Enrolled Last Year More than 22,000 men and women were enrolled in classes conducted by the University throughout the state last year Fourteen hundred and two pei'sons were enrolled‘here _ War production plants throughout the state urgently need trained personnel for increased production and to replace men now m service Thousands of oldei men and w^omen will needed for supeivisoi^ and technical jobs Courses to be offeied»here, contingent upon the demand for tiaining and subject to approval by the fed e^al government will include direct current circuits and machinery cov
sal of the H ^rade rated as 6 6 grade of 6 will be in ifs place Requirements Remain game The requirements for graduation
are unchanged under this new sys-
tem.
The revised gating sysfem is as followa. 6—Excellent, to be awarded for unusually high achievement, 5—Good, ' 4—Pair; 8— Passing in minimal objectives only, I 2—Condition, indicating failure to achieve minihial objectives only
of IT ^rite as I Pleq^e,” “©jie- Life, ppe Kopeck,” apd “The Gold Tram” will deliver a lecture The St Louis Sypiphony Orchestra will continue its series of appearances here on November 29 The final oonvodation of the fall term will feature the Don Cossack Rusatan piale clmiius on Saturday,
December 12
Zjj^o Fancesatti, noted violinist, will iiresent an afteigioon conceiTron Sunday, January 10, and, on January 22* Frederick Progashm, novelist, poet and world traveler, will lecture on “Lisbon,” where* he has shent much time m recent years. The Ballet Russe will return for
to such limited extent that credit performanih on. February 24, Julien can be obtained either b^ special deliver two illus-
exahimation or otherwise without repeating the entire course At the
be filed ip the Registrar's office a statement of. what the student iqust
do to'remove the condition
By Ernest Nordhnger
Playshop, University dramatic organization, will nold tryouts foi all students, including fieshmen and
tiansfers beginning this afternoon For
at 4 in Eliza Fowlei Hall Persons may try out for the cast or crew of the coming fall productions, accoid ing to Dr H Kenn Carmichael
Playshop director
This altei noon’s meeting will be a geneial call out for all students inteiested m any of the activities of Playshop Tryouts foi the first pro ductioTvm the season will continue this iSvenmg at 7, tomoiiow at 4 and Satuiday afternoon at 1 These meetings are open to anybody in teiested in diamatics and previous dramatic experience is not neces
Exponenf-Independent Business Staffs There will be an important meeting ,in the Exponent office this afternoon at 5 o’clock At-
tendance required —GJEMRE, BARTA
ering the fundamentals of electrical
“Yours rs a vital pait in the eng.neeimg, alternating cunen^ cir- ;;^;”g;iyr,sTiort7d7th^^^^^
cults and machinery, fundamentals e.. v
Due to the large amount of talent power of the nation That manpower electrical and radio engineering, expected to be exhibited by the stu is not to be measured merely in ™ uiuen a s o la 10, un ameri
dent body, Stewait says that he will numbers It is to be measured in ^ ^ j engineering rawing, a . « , j u . depart from his usual pioceduie of skill One naval officer has said that , l-Failure, issued by the rngtrue eniolhng enough students to fill the God is on the s,de that has the heat experience, man- tor, requiring course to be repeated vacancies m the organizations mathematicians He may not have essentials, production ■.•****-»-'^""** **^*’*>*- *** —***>
The meeting tonight is open to beert far wrong ” .jngfhods, advanced motion and time
anyone enrolled in the University Expanding on Elliott’s previous who wishes to tiy out for any of the statement that people with training
trated lectures on “Argentina and Brgzil” in t^e afternoon and eve-
ning,'
University Program March 6 The annual convocation presented by the University Musical Organizations will take place on Sunday, March 6 The Indianapolis Sym-
study, emphasizing work simplification, precision measuiement in
^ ^ ^ staiemciit uiai, pcupie wiui tiaiiiuig mriustiv 01 tbp nit nnH foui musical gioups Stewait says more valuable to the na^ ..r .
that he will also give audience to anyone having a special act or tal ent which he wishes to bi mg to the
fore
Victory, . .
University Cows Hold High Milk Averages
tion’s war effort, McNutt pointed out that manpower is a factor of technology and numbers—production measured in the knowledge, the skill, the stability and the loyal
successfully in order to recqive pjiony Will |ilay for the school again credit on March 16 Cne date rs being leff F—Failure, a disciplinary grade open which provides for a play issued from the office of the Dean Season tickets are now on sale at of Men or the Dean of Wongett. ip- |6 fift each for those who are not
means of fine measurement > dicatmg serious delinquency ^ Univerflti- staffi members or stuOther Courses Offered '' I—Incomplete, a^teiqpoypry rec- dqp^s Stpden^s will be admitted on Gear fundamentals and practical ord fhr work passing in quality but their passpobts, as usual
problems, metallographic labora- uot in quantity because of unavoid-
^ tory pi%^ice, elementary physical able absence or other cause be:jjpnd understanding of men and which is a general sur- a students control ^ Points Out University Duty metallurgy, {n- L—Incomplete, a temporal y xecThe manpower chief pointed out'^P®*^®" ^ incomplete in gnftnthat the clear duty of colleges and impelfections, pyiometiy tity irrespective of quality when univeisities throughout the country foundation in the underlying instruction is incomplete at the fehd IS to produce technically trained tempbratuie measure- qf a tefm, or (2) a student with-
,ment, engineering physics introdUe- dfdWs from the University fhy any ing the student to fundamental rehsons approved by the faculty
physical principles from time to time.
(See CONVO, page 4)
The Univcisity’s daiiy cows have taken seiiously the government’s request for incieased milk pioduc tioii Pi of J H Hilton lepoited to day that the 10 highest procfucing cows m the Purdue Holstein Fries lan held of about 60 animals have
, , , , pioduced duiing the past veai
The crews tor each play include make up lights, sound effects, cos tuffies piopeities, publicity, car pentiy and house committees Ar rangemeiits have been made to
avciage ol 601 pounds of butteifat each and 16 472 pounds of milk each The aveiage Indiana cow is lepoit od to pioduce about an aveiage ot 180 to 190 pounds of butteifat an phctogiqph all students tiying out
for the fii*^lay Each Produce 7 843 Quarts Wofk Supplements Classwork ‘ Much ot the woik on the crews This itpoit was on the cows that supplements classwork Woik on l**'*^^ lactations ending thus lai this the lights affords experience in ban- 'f o Put the pioduetion in con dling high wattage electiicity, the sumeis teims, the Univeisity cows
sota as a calf the University pui chased him in 1934 tiopi Richaid Paul ol Cambiidge City Wayne County, a bieedei The huge bull died last year alterf ^ablishing a most enviable i(ecof^ of suing daughteis with unUsual ability to pioduce lots of milk and butteifat Since his death, the Holstein Fries lan Association ot Ameiiea awarded the Univeisity a silver medal for the bull s achievements the only medal of its kind having been
awarded in Indiana Son Top Herd Sire
Piesent indication*- are that the bull’s piogeuy is making such a good lecoid that his accomplish
Faculty A special meeting of the Faculty will be held on Fuday, September 4, at 4 p m, in Eliza Fowler Rail A full attendance is expected —ELLIOTT
University Will Give First Fall Screen Revievf Tomorrow
RePtal Library
Qffefs Pictures
TpSii^ents Aqillfxi Staff wm Edi^it Paintings Aqy student who wishes to chase
homesickness by a little warmth and colb? or lift hitn^elf up a little by livinff With the best m contempora?^ Art so by renting a
i ... ^ j pictupa or pictures ftom tjie fental Facing the laigest enrollpieqt of behind it seemed only fowdd to the library Oif ihe Applied Design dethe Univeisity’s history, Ralph B cohfusion ' partTOent ffiutqit the quspices of Stone, legistiar, and his staff open As the red blocks op tb«* '^^9 $cbhht?t-Hmi^n ed the doois of the Armory Monday'’ tjoard became moye n^gipefows tbb |p '2|l Itflgs Se^ipnta-Haasen chose at 8 a m to admit the distinguished students be^ap to realize that’ they the pictures in City, moat students of last aemestei and activ had better either huir;^ u]p or mpke of Khymopd & Raymond, ities men a quick 4;riF to Blooifiington for a company dpeciafeang rn importAs the early registiants got their registration With^this in mind the mg fipe ieproduqtlpns Moat of these choice Of almost any schedule they uproar became worse qpd a person imported and
Registration Becomes TedAo^s As Sixty-Ninth Class Enrolls
By Willis Vermilion
wanted, the tnoie unfortunate stu- who went in, the Univo^aity St^pet c^q po lopger bq iepl|qed
Regulai Thursday atternoon dents who register via the alphabet door sane was very Ukply |o eolpe ^ p^ilr Rqmqstee SCI een leviews'of the fall semester waited outside As 9 a m rolled out In the latent model strait- ^Slpdenkiuor faculty members may
I trroAo . 1 ..u 11 1 Will stait tomoiiow in the Music around the doors were thrown open jacket rent theqe pictures for per ser costqming helps in applied design ^'^riihim n'*!trmio^r>nnt 7 f Hall at 3 p m The leview of fhis and the mad rush was on ’^Freshman registration yesterday mestei indpding frames, 01 repro*apd clothing lab, and publicity work * 8 ownid il ^"h*^7 7 f week will lea true News at 3 18 and Building Up For A Letdown abd Tuesday made an already com- ductrons of paintings by American gives cied.t in English tonsidcui accuiatc as tie pedal awaid, the highest offe.ed ^ specialty. Army No matter where one went there plicated system even moie difficult a^Qata produced by silk screen procARhough much work has to be cows were on official test by the Ris son Puidue Cap am Binke’, champions at 3 27 and 4 46, Inside yrere students trying to bully some Having^ jpst been put through epa fialf* 5Qc pei Semester EaclTpicaccomplislrcd before the final per- . . j ‘ ° Univeisitv ^ ^ Passage, a travel talk at 3 3*7 and advisor into letting them have this Jiillei’s most gruelhni^ physical ex- tore heis been separately framed a» fqrtnance, every member ot the ^st i* mu c 1 ^ xt 1 . 4 66, U S C Band and Glee Club professor, that schedule or this aminaUon, the freshmen weid nqt Iteepmg with tRe color and hnqs fld and crew call it a lot of fun The . . xi j- Tlje heid of Holsteins was start- at 3 47 and 5 06, Popular Science at class Usually when they finally suipiisad at anything hut Still 15 tFe giettire itself and m » Si?e pra^ “boss” of the stage Clcws this yeai 1 inteiest to Hoosici faimois is ed in 1907 -when the late Dean of 3 67 and 6 16, and a Community completed a schedule that suited morjbal fear of everybody. Tbey i|qalfof thq qverage room is Betty Gray Among hei assistants I e ac that nine ol t}ic 10 highest js^g^icultuie I H Skinnei p^ichased Sjng at 4 08 and 6 26 The Sport- both of them, someone looked up were easy prey for the salesmen Ylrgse bictures include everything are George Zlizzis, Walt Neubsmei, producing cows were sueij by the Bakker 4th" an out liftht, “Shooting Meimaids”, and the and realized that a section had been who fuiked around Die exist m watqr'fall by the French Anne Bradley, Ann Ostrander, Dick same bull— Man 0 Wai Captain” , ’ Caitoon Old MacDonald Duck will closed in their face sepreh of mazUma- prirnffiveartist, Rousseau,and Rltte Kohlp, Cado Wood and a host of oth — le senior cut sue on the Uni , „ , . * ^ be shown three times, the spoithght The military tqble loiined the Registration cotaes only three by winibs with its grptt^ing ei jielpeis who make every show yeisi y aim tor many years AJ uggait Holstein herd at Marion, 3 4 jg 5 greatest bottleneck and the fact times a year now, ad all* can '|lt w'Vaa^gh's^ Vegatabla seei^ Ii^g -jQqe bifi picnic, t oug he was dropped m Minna- Grant County. ^oqn at 8.10, 4 28 and 64^* that flvq officers glared out from b»clt relax—-for avrbUe..- ^ ^ JjlUliiierr Rho|i.Purdue Exponent
Thursday, Sejttemb^r 3, 1942^
Purdue Exponent Offices Ediforial and Sdsinest, ^ Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 * Sports, Fietdhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m , 5377
Fclitor n Chief Ldilor Mnnapinff Editor Snor R Fditor UHRmcfis Manager (irciilalifi Alan&gcr Coed Fditor
John F Amofl Don T Drophr John H Armstronff Robert L Hadley WUliam D MiUard Ken K Gjemre Alice Chatfield
Publication Staff Associate Editors 1 di orinl Staff R W Boswmkle D E Butz W G Hoskins A } H 1 t r D W Ochiltree W E Rafert SportR Staff U E Brewer J S Dawson E L Karpick Cned Stiff San> Beall Charlotte Hads Jean Lauer Business Staff (. ed Bur nesb Manager Julia Martin Vd\ertisinc: Managers J M Wright D L Johnson CirLuIation Manager G H Klouman Act unts Manager Trena Toirenga lun or ( oed Managers Ellen Clark Jane Keiin«
The Purdue Independent
Fdit r in Chief Managing Editor Bus ness Manager Feed Fditor ’spoils Editor Ad\crti mr Manager A*ccoun(fl Manager Circulation Manager
Dave Barta Ed Humphrey Elwin Welbaum Roberta Kessler Bill Killigrew Scott Brown George Paine Harold Hendricks
Staff For This Issue fill rdiior Ochillree
Lditor Lauer
Ueporlers Gajlord Vegh Vermillion Richardson Stephen
Sports Editor Dawson Issue Editor Murphy
1 tried as “Second class matter at the post office in Lafay Ir a la under the act of Congress of March 8 1879 the pec al rate of postage provided for in section I of October 8 191'' duthorized January 20 1922 I 1 d on Ti 6 day T1 uisday Friday and Sunday mornings I tl y a Delivered locally by carrier for $1 76 for a I 1 01 >^3 00 foi two semesters by mail for $2 00 for a r cr 63 60 for two semesters n r cmest r mailed subscription $1 60 1 n ed tor national advertising by National Advertis S ee Inc College Publishers Representatives 420 1 on A.ve New York N Y
Let’s Make Some Changes... Undei the new grading plan which goes into opeiation at the University this semester, the H giade is replacetj by a number, and nuineious other changes have been effected in the old letter grading system which set this i Unneisity apart fiom most other institutions "I in the land Although this IS piobably a step in the right diioction, there aie many flaws still remaining in the system which determines the grades of students at the University Although many cf these such as the argument between compctitne glades and a satisfactory or unsatisfpctoi> lating, are beyond our-control, there aie many small things vyhich, if accomplished, w ould greatly inciease the effectiveness of the pipsent grading system In many University classes the grades are oetei mined by rank m the class Unfortunately classes are so large that they must be divided into different sections and in many cpsts these different sections of the same class aic given identically the same test or examination Instiuctors rely upon student honesty to piohibit the transferring of test questions tiom the members of one section to the students in another sectiefi'^ They tell students that they are lowering their own grades by pu‘ sing on information and thus raising the a\ eiage of the class Regardless of the warning^ students still continue to tell friends, fraternity bi others or others about the tests to come In some courses instructors give the same tests year after year and it is a comparatively easy matter for some enterprising student to hunt up the old tests and thus make a good giade in the coures without actually having a knowledge of the subject matter These are only a few of the evils of t piesent grading system which could easif be coirected by instructors Receiving information in advance or having an old test are fine for the student who has the opportunity ol possessing them, but they make it extremely haid on the student who studies and tries to make his grades without the extra aid re ceived by the aforementioned students. It would seem to be an easy matter for in-| .^ciuctoifa to give different sections of the same class different tests and to change their tests f 1 om yeai to year If the nature of the course m such that these two things cannot be changed, it would seem to be more fair if the piofe.3&ois would pass out questions on their tests ahead of time so that all the students might have the advantages now enjoyed by a feiy, Thm IS the beginning of a new semester ould be an excellent time for instructors tosfuivey their grading systems and see if they can not rearrange them in such a fashion asHo make it more fair for all concerned —d b
Personal Notes
L^ra Betty Gregory Sc 42 of LaPoite man led Cletus Bowman,’41, iho oj LaPortt last Saturday Miss Bowman, a member of the Chi Omega sorority, was the honor gm-st at a pre nuptial party last Monday evening Battj Woclftlt and Bonrile Swope were the hostesses luat Uit pai ty and the guests were the members of the Cm Omega soioiity
QumsiwfiioM Merry-40-ROUHD By Drew Pearson 41. S. General Named As Hero In Tank Battle Against Nazi i Forces In Libyan Desert WASHINGTON—Maj Gen Charles L Scott, U S tank expert just back from Libya, is not talking about it in his lectures to Ameiican armored foices, but he did more than almost anyone to stem the oniush of von Rommel’s tanks when they broke thiough the British lines and started their mad dash to Alex
andria
General Scott was Egypt helping fcit with the American tanks whi^ had been sent to the British And he happened to be in the thick of it during that part of Rommel’s attack when the British seemed most disorganized So Scott, though an American, jumped into the battle, actually took over temporary command, and organized a countei attack All the details can’t be told yet, but when they are it will be a great story • Why Girls Leave Washington Many young girls who left home to come to Wash ington are now leaving Washington to go home They thought it would be thiillmg to work in the Capital in wartime, but they are sadly disillusioned Clerks and junior stenngrt^bers simply don’t make enough money to live on A Laboi Department survey indicates that a single person must earn $1470 a year to live in Washington, at present rent and food costs Yet there are two Civil Service ratings below that figure—$1260 and $1440, for clerical and stenog raphic jobs Young girls like Washington at first It’s some thing to wrfte home about—living right in sight of the great Capitol dome, passing in front of the White House every day But the thrill wears off when the boss works them twelve hours a day in a war office when then feet get tired standing in crowded buses and when they can’t sleep comfortably four in a i oom Norah Booth, peisonnel expert in OPA knows these cases by the score A girl from Nashville, Tenn, came to Washington last June, thiilled to the eye brows Now she is lesCving “I don’t know what’s the mattei with me,” she told Miss Booth “I’m all jumpy I guess you call it fierves It was fun being here at first, but you have to work so hard and pay so much foi a loom' I’m tired of woirying whether I’ll have enough money next week for a new pair of stockings Im going
home'”
• Army And Politics Insiders were flabbeigasted the other days at news that Representative Kail Mundt of South Dakota, once member of the America First Committee and one of the most blatant isolationists in Congress was getting re election suppoit from the.U S Aimy It was reported that Col W B Hobbs chief of the Ammunition Branch of the Chicago Ordnance District, had been touring SouW Dakota with Con giessman Mundt, making speeches before Chambeis of Commerce At first the story was not credited Despite the current tendency of the Administration to ignoie its friends and reward its enemies, it was figured that the War Department could not have lent any election support to Mundt However, the Wai Department subsequently ad mitted the facts Col Hobbs, it was explained had refrained from discussing politics, had meiely dis cussed the progiess of the war But Mundt, who accompanied him, did the politick mg and gave the impiession that the U S Aimy had placed its heaity stamp of approval upon his can didacy—even though he had voted against vital war measures Note —While the Army aided isolationist Mundt, White House secretaiy Marvin McIntyre persuaded the President to make no public statement suppoitmg ex Judge Jimmy Allied against “Pass the Biscuits Pappy” O’Da^iel in Texas Allied entered the race at FDR’s specific suggestion But though 0 Daniel kept taunting Allied that Roosevelt was not leally for him, McIntyre would not let the White House mdi cate its leal position • White House "Guests" Eveiy few days something happens at the White House gates which calls for a psychologifct s explana tion PeiEons who aprf mentally unbalanced come to the Pennsylvania Ave entrance demanding a private audience with the President By actual count, the total number of cranks or unbalanced persons who have demanded admission at the White House in the past two years is 259 Most of them have a panacea for the ills of the world One such incident occurred at a highly embairass mg moment, just as Queen Wilhelmina was arriving to be the guest of President and Mrs Roosevelt A man rushed up to the gates and demanded to see the President Fortunately, the Queen was arriving by;^ different entrance, but guests invited for a reception were looming to the same entrance where the man had come, now clamoring loudly against being detained Mrs Daisy Harnman, Mmistei to Norway, arrived m her car, heard the outcry, and quipped to the Secret Service, “Is that the way you treat White House guests ’ ’ In a few minutes, a police car ai rived and carried the man off to the psychopathic waid of Gallmgei Hospital • Red Tape Letters Every once m a while somebody m a government office gets to the point where he can’t stand the red tape any longer In such a mood was the commanding officer of a tiammg school for midshipmen who sent a letter to the Navy Department about obtaining a paiade dium for the middies In “Reference A” and “Reteience B” of this letter, the commanding officei stuck to the official led tape formula and refeiied to the fact that he had pievious ly applied for a paiade dium but was tuined down because “the records of this bureau disclose that the unit m question does not lequiie a dium because it does not have a band ” But aftci this paiagiaph the commanding officei spoke his mind, simply and duectly “Paiagiaph 2 I don t want a band I want a dium My men need a dium to leain maichiiig Even little childien like to maich Can’t I have a dium’” Blass hat officials aie wondering what to do w^th such an unconventional letter They aic ashamedfeto have it found m the Navy files
Pigs Pave Way To University For New Coed By Willis Vermilion When you Say pigs to Doiothy Jean Homefeld, you’re really talk mg her language Dorothy who graduated fiom Lowell High School last fall has made the proverbial silk purse out of a sow s eai—a cli max of SIX years of haid woik in gaining the title of No 1 4 II Club
gill
Dorothy slaited six years ago to earn enough money to attend col lege Dining this time she took up pig laising When it came time to legistei at the Ufiiversity she had amassed the amazing sum of five thousand dollais which is no mean feat for a giil i;^high school Father Is Faun Owner Her a^eptness at the breeding of poik chop caiiieis is due paitly to the fact that liei father’s work take" him along the same geneial lines Mrs Homefeld is the owner of three faims in Lake and Poitei counties and lives neai Hebion He is the geneial superintendent of this year s fan in which his daughtei has entered her pigs poultiy and fine aits exhibit Pig Wins Gland Prize Last yeai Dorothy took one of hei pigs thiough to win the grand champion honors at the Lake Coun ty Fail On the heels of that tii umph she saw another walk off with similar honors at the Jasper Coun ty Fan In the last two jeais hei entries Ijgve earned off grand prizes in the open classes at fans in five states Ponies And Poultry Discouraged in her eaily farm ■ft oik by the loss of a pony for winch she had just been offered one hun died dollars she changed to poul try In tha,t field she faied little better The third time pioved to he a charm—she took up pigs Pig raising will take a back «eat tempoiaiily to Umveisity studies and activities during the next foiii years
Indian Lass...
1
THE IjiADY OF THE DAY, Miss Piitha Kumarap pa, whose enchanting sari of lavender and pink has had everyone over the otherwise tranquil campus staring and talking, gave us interesting inforrfiation concerning the gown and herself in an interview yesterday m the ladio room of Wood Hall MISS KUMARAPPA, home town address Bombay, India, confided that her gowns are always amazing people Duiing hei six years in the States she, while clad in her native sans, has been taken as a fugitive fiom a paiade, a gypsy, an actress out of the Hot Midado and vaiious other peisonalities THL SARI IS NOT TO BE CONFUSED with the sarong, which is a Dorothy Lamoui creation and dif fers in that the sari is what young ladies in India, after they start to college swap foi then giade and high school cotton piints NOT TO BE WORN by the amateur who gets up at a quaitei to eight foi hei eight o’clock, the sail consists essentially of cloth about 46 inches wide, six yaids of which is wiapped and gracefully diaped around the weaiei’s body, howevei. Miss Kumaiappa, not being an amateui can whip the garment into the propel folds and diapes in less time than one can say Mohandas K Gandhi A GRADUATE STUDENT, Miss Kumarappa’s studies are concerned with child development During
her stay in the States she has also attended Columbia University, Merrial-Palmei School aii<l the of Michigan She was attracted to Purdue because of a fellowship and a recommendation for the sfiperior courses offered, here She had interid^ to retuii^ t& , India before this, but because of the war and the xittcertainties of transportation, she is going to absorb ^ little more child development before attempting the tup ALTHOUGH SATISFIED WITH LIFE ifi the United States she has very good reasons for wanting to get back to India Memories of her college days at Delhi, storied city of India with its fascinating Taj Mahal, narrow winding alleys, stores where ope may puichase beautiful lace and antique shops fun by antique men, can not but incite a certain nostalgia foi hei country LIFE IN THE HALES seems different tljan Iwiilg in residence halls in other universities Miss Kumarappa says that the girls seem to take a more lively interest and have a larger voice m governing themselves CONCERNING THE MAHATMA, Miss Kumarappa gets very disgusted with some of the criticism of the man She said, “Although I realize that Gandhi IS an excellent subject foi caiicatuie, he is also a wonderful person With all the news being ienSoied, the public IS getting only one side Of the issue I am foi Indian independence, but I doubt if Gandhi is collect in tiying to attain it now ”
R. B. Stewart Univeisity contiollei, has le tinned fiom Washington D C, wheie he Infs been on duty connect ed with Ins recent appointment as special assist uit to the under secie taiy of t^e U S navy
LUMA TODAY - FRi. - SAT. TWO FIRST RUN HITS
RICHARD TRAVIS ' JULIE BISHOP JACKIE C GLEASON FRANK WILCOX D e od by S aen P ay by Raymond I S n o ii D ROSS LEDERMAN F om o S O y by Do ny Ahoo I.
TODAY - FRI - SAT. DOUBLE FEATURE
VwKMTCoroaenjiej^ ^ A Poromount PUlur« Llorring RICHARD DIX • KENT TAYLOR EDGAR BUCHANAN^ ..h Frances GifM'DonCastiT CtemBeians-Victorloiy.llexBell > Dii«ct«d by William McOann • A Hofry Shtrmon ProdudlOD
©Uj
*lon*
mojf
9ol In
hord ^'gttl
4o
"®»r. '■"mb.
MARS
TODAY and TOMORROW
• Southworth’s
JOHNNY DOWNS
GEORGE ZUCCO ANNE NAGEL
-plus-
Maisie s Back in Her Meriiest' Man Adventure GOLD RUSH MAiSfE with ANN SOTHERN LEE BOWMAN
HELD OVER THRU SATURDAY THE GREATEST MOTION PICTURE EVER MADE!
MMvend
GARSON'PIDGEON Directed by William Wyler Produced by Sidney Franklin MRS. MINIVER with Teresa Wnght • Datpe May Whitty Reginald Owen • Henry Travers Richard Ney Henry Wilcoxon A William Wyler Production Based on Jan Struther s Novi Screen Play by /I'lcuo ArthurWimper George Froeuchol w lames Hilton and Claudine Wee* I
TIME OF FEATURE ,1 *27 - 4:06 - 6:45 - 9:24
(^ejbX. For Senior. Cords We have just leccivecl a laigc shijiment of fine quality Senioi Cords, expertly tailored and perfect fitting . . . cfimplete with slide rule pocket. Sizes 28 to 38 Waist We have your collect waist size and length tight n.0w in stock.
A Necessity for Every STUDENT
LOOSE LEAF NOTEBOOKS • LOOSE LEAF FILLERS Both plain and ruled paper. ® INDEXES —paper and celluloid colored. FOUNTAIN PENS
Everything from 49c "Write Fine's" to "Parker Si's" A COMPLETE SELECTION
GIVE THIS "SWIFT" KICK
UY A
BUY UNITED STATES WAR SAVINGS STAMPS WITH YOUR SAVINGS
I ']' - >5^'-
fi' .' M
^urndtiy^ September 3, 1942
Boilermaker
Pdge 3.^
ff^ernify Softball Will
jBegih niis Evening
i- Pratei'nity''softball competition will swing into, action oh |ntrahfiuraj Field north of the Women's Residence Halls this p:fte»noon at' 4:l6 p. hi. when 18 organized squads take to the ^iamondf in the first practice game of the fall season,. , I, All ehtfy blanks from the fraternity athletic managers Indst be t Clevett’s office in the Fieldhouse by SathMby'^^^h^^ order for -— ■
the house to compete for the^ Xu, ^
f , ^ “ to threaten the TKE Supremacy, trophy. Trophy fees Will also V n i n t. X ^ ,, . . .. National softball rules will be
th© practice used with the following exception:
pmes .toddy and tomorrow a. A 14 inch ball will be used. |rccludingj;t|ib start of the regular x b. Fly balls over or through the play nextisvbibk.; fence on the even numbered diaSix games Will complete the reg-* monds are good for two bases only, ^lar c<impeti|ibn.,. and eight teams c. No bunting is allowed, will .enter .th& finals to vie for the’ d. A base runn^ may not score
|oftball trophy, k'au Kappa Epsi- from third on a passed ball.
e. BaSe runners may not leave
the ball has
fon!s championship softball squad
|iom : the summer semester will their bases until |gain. be gunning for the title apd' reached the batter.
|ie Phi kappa Tau ten, runners-up f. No metal cleats or spikes will
ib the summer fray, are expected be allowed on shoes.
Co. :: 131 North Fourth St. X X Fine lewoliy, at Moderate Price X
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS Iniversity Book Store
Across From Unioa ’*Red** Sammous *29 “Doc” Eppio *40
For Senior Cords We tlaVe just received a large shipment of fine ^pality Senior Cords, expertly tailored and perif Scf fittiilg ... complete with slide rule pocket. Sizes 28 to 38 Waist ' Weliave your correct waist size and length right is; now lift stock;
$5.00
Loeys Men’s Shop Street Floor
^ Bob Hadley
. With' a hot suh beating down, not even remotely sdggesting “foolijafl ■Weather”, the kiveters went to work Tuesday in their first practice 'sesr sion of the year’. Right at the start- Elmer Burnham let all’concerned know just what objectives he had in mind for the season, and what was expected of the candidates. . '’Bdrnham named his principal aim in Boilermaker fqptball thiS; fall as the turning out of a fighting team—one that .yyopld be still in there scrapping in the last quarter of the last game on the s(;hed- > ule, even if they hadn’t won a game all year.'With a team that, has that soft of spirit ground into them during weeks of preparation, . is pretty sure to have a creditable record behind M, when it reaches the last quarter of the last game. ,i, i , ' The second characteristic that the Boilermakers will exhibit,if their, boss can arrange it will be that nebulous stuff—“team spirit’’. Burnham’s plans call for at least 4 interchangeable teams that can step in at the. drop of a hat and take over their position prepared to get their man in any play.on file for the season. Naturally, any coach that expected to form 4-teams of veterans of interchangeable ability^ would be in line for some disappointments. But there is no reason why he can’t schoolthat many men to work together and step in and do the-right job when they go in the game. The first session started out with the old standby—calisthenics— to loosen up the muscles of the summer’s icemen and ditch-diggers. Showing what the basis of this fall’s attack will be, the squadi was immediately split into teams to run plays—getting the fe^ of the ball, getting used to the system of plays scheduled for use.' .And those plays reveal something to the casual observer. They are designed for deception and speed. The old three-bucks-and-a-punt-days are gone—apparently. When a back comes steaming'hround end, he will be protected by a net of interference—and probably somd'other back will have the ball anyway. This year the squad has been split into the A and B teams, with Mel Taube, Dutch Pehring and Red Mackey working with Burnham on the_A team, and Sammy Vionoff and Wellman France coaching the B team; Men will be transferred between squads all through the season. ’• , There 'Were 63 men at the first practice session, with ,a few more destined, to arrive immediately. But it is not too late for hesitating men to appear on the scene. Sammy Voinoff is particularly on the lookout for some husky tackles and guards to bolster the ranks of thgB squad. Any football players with or without experience who Want to take a crack at the game should see Sammy about a uniform.
BufiVham ^res^s Timing. Passing 111 Second Day Of Grid Practice ■ tifiii A I ■ Unabashed by a‘'suicide schedule” of ten major games that lOWfl Will Auinit opens agamstFordham’s sugar BowI champions here on SeplUfVCI If III filllllll tember 26, a squad of 70 enthusiastic Riveter gridiron candiVAimifiArf CriA Eanr fairly raced through yesterday’s double drills under the T0linC|6Si VllQ lunS direction of coach ElmerBumham. Speed and deception were ■ . _ A ■ emphasized during this second day of practice. At PprllirPn PfifP'C Timing qnd forwarj^ passing plays which are expected to ”1* IVwWUvVU r livvj ' play an important role in the
J 1 Boilermaker’s new short punt
IM .dcuectuies style of attack, came in for
Betty WoelHie Club To Hold Dinner
. . . Home Ec ’42, left Monday for Indianapolis to begin a one-year dietetic interneship at the Indiana Medical Center. She is a resident, of West kafayette and is a member
of Chi Omega,
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
For Baptist Freshmen All Baptist freshman students are invited to'attend the annual; freshman banquet given in their honor by the West Lafayette Bapr tist Church and the Roger Williams Foundation. The dinner will be held at the church, corner of Columbia and Chauncey Streets, at 6 tomor-
row evening.
The dinner is sponsored by the Baptist Ladies Union.
% ■youngest of the University of Iowa’s football fans, the Knothole club of school pupils, will turn out again this fall for the home games. Information about the Knothole tickets has been sent to Iowa school superintendents. With such a ticket, signed by the principal, a pupil will be admitted to each of Iowa’s home games for fifty cents, the same price as in‘’l940 and 1941. Charles Galiher, business manager, said that the, Washington, game of Sept. 19 has been designated as high school football squad day. Players will be admitted upon payment of the tax of five cents per person but coaches must file their eligibility list with the athletic department in advance of the game. !, In the Knothole group, boys wjll sit in a special section of the. west stand, while girls will be seated on the east side. Home games are Washington of St. Louis, Sept. 19; Nebraska, Sept. 26; Great Lakes* Oct. 3; Camp Grant, Oct. 10; Illinois, Oct. 17; Purdue, Oct. 31, and Wisconsin (homecoming) Nov. 7. ClarenceW.Peden ... EE ’20, has recently%een givr en the additional duties of Assistant General Superintendent in Charge of the Reduction Division of^ the Aluminum ^Company of America located at Massena, New York. Peden*was an electrical superintendent for the Aluminum .Company of ;
America.
The first practice game of the considerable attention during Fraternity Softball will be Thu^- morning and afternoon
day evening. Sept. 3, at 4:15. The n . following fraternities will report vrorKOUtS.
Thursday: Veterans took the spotlight Diamond in the passing roles, although 1 Acacia vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. Henry Stram, promising sophomore 2 Alpha Chi Rho vs. Phi Kappa from Gary, displayed considerable Tau. ' ability to hit his targets. The bulk 3 Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Phi of the hurling was handled by Bob, sigma Kappa. Chester, John Andretich, and Ed 4 Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Pi Cycenas along with Tony Berto, Kappa Alpha. southpaw flinger. Kenny Smock, 6 Alpha Sigma Phi vs; Pi Kappa who was rgted as one of the best Phi. passers in the middlewest before a 6 Alpha. Tau Omega vs. Sigma knee injury forced him out of action . Alpha Epsilon. last year, has not reported for prac7 Beta Sigma Psi vs. Sigma tice as yet but is expected before
Alpha Mu. the end of the week.
8 Beta Theta Pi vs. Sigma Chi. In an effort to bolster the guard 9 Delta Chi vs. Sigma Nu. berths, where Bill Powers, Chicago .• —— li^jerenior, is the lone letterman of exThe’ following fraternities will perience, Burnham shifted Ralph have softball practice Friday eve- Clymer,' sturdy 215 pound sopho-
more from.jPeru, from tackle.
17 Lettermen
Despite the absence of six undergraduate lettermen from last fall who have jjoined the nation’s armed services, a total of seventeen major lettermen were included in the
4 Kappa Sigma vs. Tau Kappa squad which was split into two Epsilon. groups—varsity arid “B”—in order 6 Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Theta to speed up the drills.
ning. Sept. 4, at 4:15:
Diamond
1 Delta Tau Delta vs. Sigma Phi
Epsilon.
2 Dejta Upsilon vs. Sigma Pi. 3 Kappa'QDelta Rho vs. Tau Ep-
silon Phi.
Chi.
6 7
8 Phi Kappa vs. Triangle.
9 Phi kappa Psi.
Southworth’s
SAVE here! AA V ^ : on . USED and NEW Books and School Supplies
All approved books and supplies for Engineering,
Agriculture, Science and Home Economics.
vj.
1
Dietzgen and K. & E. Drafting Supplies.
C. E. 6 Surveying Supplies
'k:
E-omplete line of Scheaffer, Parker, Eversharp and ! Esterbrook Fountain Pens.
UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE ' Across from the Union Building “So Handy’’
M. C. "Red" Sammons,'29
R. W. "Dot" Epple, '40
Southworth’s A Service Institution • Bus Stattion-—Points North and South • Western Union Branch Office
• Notary Public • Charge Accounts
• Currency Exchange • Free -i— Desk Blotters • Campus Maps • Book Covers • Schedule Cards • Free—Delivery on purchases of^ $1.00 or
more
• Wrap and mail packages 37 years of service to Purdue Faculty and Students
In commenting on the schedule
Phi Delta Theta vs.Theta Tau. coming up, Burnham stated emPhi Gamiria Ddlta vs.Theta Xi. phatically, “We’re not going out
just to play a schedule of ten games —^we’ll take-the games as they come and we’re going to play the tenth just as hard as the first-even if
we’ve lost the first nine.”
“We’ve got to build up team spirit if ws’re going to gq, anyplace,” declared Burnham in a short talk before launching the morning’s spirited drill. “The man on the bench is just as valuable as the man on the. field. There’ll be no first team as such, this is going to be a
Boilermaker squad.” .
Since classes at the University open this morning the Riveters will be restricted to one workout daily for the remainder of the season. Burnham expects to stick to fundamentals this afternoon and Friday and has made tentative plans for the first scrimmage Saj;urday aft-
ernoon.
ECCK&fWfifgilE 3oa-t» fmoE smmi MB
Southworth’s
First Union Mixer ^eattjres Music Of Maury Mahn Dancing to the music of Maury Mahn’s orchestra will be held in both ballrooms of the Union Saturday night. Mahri’s band will play both sweet and jive music for this first mixer of the faU semester. Dancing will continue from 8:30 to ■11:30. Union officials have announced that regular mixer price of $1.10 will prevail for this opening mixer and also have issued a special invitation to the new freshmen.
bR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK —‘DENTIST$ — 400-404 Sehulta Bldg. 4th and Main Sts. Lafayatta
- - '-'Si? 'V;' -''■IA f
(Continued f^om page 1) men and women foi duty in the w ai only t McNutt refeiied to an announce ment he made last Fi iday, with official appioval, on a lepoit of a Spepial Committee on the Utilwa tiop of Colleges and Universil^es for the puipose of the nai The Committee, of which Di E C. Elliott IS chan man advised all institutions of highei learning that “all students men and women, must be prepai ing themselves foi active and competent pai ticipation in the war effoit ” “Not some students ” said Me Nutt “Not soihe selected univei sities All And light away” He pointed out that a levolution was in piocess concerning the man agement and use of univei sities to day Facilities of the univei sities will be used, he said buAhey wall be used in a vastly diffeient mannei “Couises ha\e been built to at tain special objectives ” he said “The pursuit of the degiee has given way to the attainment of an objective ” McNutt substantiated Elliott’s declaration at the Piesidents last Univeisity convocation in which he stated that all physicallj competent men students would be sent into the armed foices McNutt said the re sponsibility foi tiainmg the able bodied students was the function of the Aimy and Na\y Touching on the pioblem con fronting the nation of the post war woild McNutt pointed out that people must not woiiy about the inevitable suiplus of especially trained engineers scientists doc tors, etc , but must dnect all educa tional effoits to turning out the types of minds needed most light
now
The electiic generators on a big U S battleship oi earner could fill the electric powei lequirements of a city the size of Newaik, N J
Companies scheduled to visit the campus Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company, Akion, Ohio Septembei 8
9 10
The I’ennsylvama Railroad Sep tembei 8 Interested in C E and
E E
McDopnell Aircraft Corporation, St Louis Mo Septembei 9, 10 Geneiral Motors Corporation De tioit, Mich Septembei 9 10 11 The Prest-O-Lite Co Inc Indi anapolis—Coming Septembei 15 Intel ested in M E Met E , Ch E , and Indust;iigl E Sign in Peisonnel Office by Monday, Septembei 14 North American Aviation, jpe, Inglewood Calif —Coming Septem ber 17 and 18 Intel ested in Dec M E, C E, E E and Aeio E Sign in Peisonnel Office by Satni day September 12, 1942
women who have majoied in Ghemistiy 01 who have had at least 2 yeais of this subject Sign in Personnel Office by Satui-day, Septenibei 12 U S Civil Scivice fi’oinntisbi^n announces openings fpi junioi physicists, $2,000 a yeai, and medical technicians, $1,440 $2 000 a year Theie aie no wiit^n examinations foi these positions Applications may be obtained at the Lafayette Post Office Eoi fuithei infoimation call the Placement Seivice foi Women (2955)
Engineer Staff All staff members and woikWb reioit to the office rhiirfiday SeJ tqmber 3 at 7pm for an itipoitant meeting bJ unexeiaed absences i —YOONGBI OO0^
All drsanizapon Presidents Plan on liavint your orfeanirationa and activity BTOUbs leildy for the Rioup puj^rcs for the fietins to be taken the last ^ek in Sep temher Y( ii will be notified ak to the exact time and date —IILCKARD
Aviation Cadet Applieants Igr Aimy Air Corps’ Aomflen
TVPPheanfs
Aviation Cadet Sec
ion who are holding applie^tions pending rtmov il of conditions—see Col Hicks 2r(d floor of the Arihory regardins: the neW University rulip}, on students in KOqd 4ami>n)r —ut Coi hicks
Tli^ise Interested in Enlisted Reserve All studelUb (feiirnig information leKardihg the Ehlisied Reservie Corps or to enlist in thfe Enlisted RoserVb Corps dining the peiiod <■«?» Shpuld •Vply at Poopti B jl prpbpt otive n the basement of the Armoiy Week days 9 to 12 a m and 1 to o p m Safttiday 9 to IZ a in GRAHAM
Former Cary Club Members Any fellows iiiferoated 1» asSoeidte Caiy Club member ship shiuld inquire at the Cary HaU South uftice for further details Those elifeible must be non fraternity rfembeis wflo have lived in the halls four or more semesters JACKSON* All 1 reshmen Call but foi frosh footba|ll manageis Mdnday September 7 at 3 p m in lear of Eioldhouse All ihtertsted attend / —JACKSON
All are Cordially Invited
—RICHER
P E 12 There will bq a meriting of all probpt otfve P E 12 tutors in the I leldhouse at 7 ir p m T'hursday September S Swim-, ming instruetbrs will meet in room 106 and all othdr tutors will mdbl in rourti 106
FRANCE
PALI
Program committee niccW 7 30 Friday Sept 4 ( comihitfee hnnsf itlenfl
ipg in Room 80 at 7 30 Friday
All thembers of thh
Social Chairman Oip^nizatlolls desiring the Uivion ballroofna for danies during the fall term submit written rcqliesfb to stu dent Union office befdro 3pm Tuesday Sipt 8 Slate date time and bullroonj Xiieferenee —DEUIBTER Student Union Board Important meeting m Unun flice t day Thursday at 7 p m Ploiso be theic—it will be short —prusiER
douVt -me^^n^ai/^^l
if at all possible If in Meeting VVill bO short
Under Graduate Dailies Club MeetlhV Jn loom ^81 0^ t^e Unioh at 7 30 Tlmrsflay ^
_ 3 ! 'J
Cheinistry 126 and 201 B Meet in 'Rp,am 221 bf '(hfa ChoniibtrV Buildmk St B P' on Thursday to arrange class schedule
-ELWNC ,
Carnegie Illinois Steel Corporation, Chicago, 111—Intel ested in
Notices
Fraternity Rush Chairman A supi Icmcnt to the lifcit ff incomiTiff freshmen is avail able at the I raternity AfTnrs Office Come 11 and Ket yo ir coiy —SCHWAB ^ POMM Keys arc now available at jewelry store -HUNT Olidcr Club Meeting Thursday night September i at 7 ^0 in Union Members nly —BALL bCA House Presidents Minutes of Au t,ust 4 Board meeting are available at the west desk —MOGAVERO
Clossified Ads
Carrier Wanted Apply at Exponent Office or phone 30t)3 Ask for Klouman Lost Will anybody who found my bill fold lost on Grant St please send me back all my identification card I ng For Sal^ Matched Wilson goU clubs Phoup 69*^6 ask for Nick Typewriters—Adding Machines all makes sold rented repaired and purchased Mimeograph work done C J Ebershoff 605 Mam ZifaV^te Phone 2779 Money to loan on diamonds watches guns luggage typewriters Alberts j-.oan Office 407 Columbia Wanted Bar boy part time over 21 Apply to Mr Hij^gins Hotel Fowler Will pay cash for my olj or new used Dicycles Kiger Shell Service Noithwestern at Columbia ^IMMONS iron double deck bed for sal* Phone 6 602 Lost—Bla,qk and white tweed coat an Education Bldg last spr nj. Call ■3041 Wanted—Paittime student for window display show card work apd interior tore display State expeiience Reply Exponent Box No 1
« DOES YOUR PEN LEAK? Expert Repair Service SOUTHWORTH'S
MOCCASIN fmodetnl-^edJ Add to the old moccasin design. Freeman styling, modern shoemaking, precision fit and advanced comfort principles . . > and you’ve got a Rea! Moccasin l i I .
X-RAY FITTING
A. B. C. Shoe Co., Inc.
4^6 Mam St.
Phone 2001
1
-WANTEDDRAWING SETS-SUDE RULES KiqhjLiL fijiiaii, fiai/L
PURPUE S* - n.OO STORE 304 State Street
# Soutkworth’s
SMART AS A\NEWiUNIFORM!
TRIUMPH
SHEAFFEIC5 . NEWEST
J^!J^^RIUMPH TUCKAWAY Featherlouch ensembles $16 50 and $18 75 for men or women — carry safely n any post on 6heaff6r’s nev/ "TRIUMPH” New "plo-Rite” fluid control ^Tuckaway pen set not only Make 'em happy —and get looks good in a uniform or suit fetters back—with this essential -It perform? perfectly Carries gift safely in ANY position!-in Sheaffer pens, all colors, trousers, coat or shirt pocket! 12 75 to ?20 00 See our J4ew I4K gold' Sheath Point.'J selection
•tp ffOB MTorr 416 MAIN
DECKER’S
416 MAIN
V
WE’VE GOT EVERYTHING
Check Your Requirements
V-
-INK — Shaffer’s Skript anti Parker’s Quirk made especially for fountain pens.
V—PENCILS — for every purpose . . . writing . . . drawing . . . coloring. Nationally known brands of dependable quality V—ERASERS — for pencil, ink or typing mistakes. V—GRAPH PAPER — better quality paper — more careful printing — but po higher price. % V—NOTE CARDS — all siz(js — extra quality at a low price. V—THEME PAPER —All standard appi oved forms for use in Purdue.
USE OUR FRIENDLY, COURTEOUS, PERSONAL SERVICE!
V—PEN POINTS — for writing . . . lettering . . drawing . . . all styles to chose from. V—RULERS—wood or celluloid .. sho^f or long.
V—REPORT COVERS manila 8tock,
finest
,7
BUY U. S. WAR STAMPS WITH YOUR CHANGE!
((;Jlf{(C]
V—BUDGET BOOKS —made particularly for student needs. V—NOTE BOOKS—all sizes — all prices—eye e^se paper. V—LAB. NOTEBOOKS — smooth writing — one for every lab. course. V—LAUNDRY GASES—sturdily ipatfe to give you dependable service.
SAVE on SUPPLIES at
HIKNIE BCm&SIJFHYSTOliE
■wi" in wi'■ n,"a'wurw'i'i —— ‘ 308-10’ JtATE tTREEI WEST LAFAYETTE INQ
Southworth^s •