'^1 ()
OThe Purdue TSxtjanent
'' i|
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY, 25, 1937
NUMBER 103
Co-ed Greeks To Swing With Garrett Tomorrow Only Organized Women Will Be Admitted To Annual Pan-Hellenic Dance To the swing music of Jimmy Garrett and his band from the Casino Parisienne in the Hotel Morrison in Chicago, members of Greek sororities and their dates will dance in the Memorial Union Building ballroom tomorrow evening from nine till one. WSGA has granted 2 o*clock hours for the dance. The committee announced that no unorganized girls, even if they already have bought tickets, will be admitted to the
dance.
Programs In Union Programs can be procured tomorlow afternoon from 4 until 5:30 at the Pan-Hellenic desk in the lobby of the Memorial Union Building. Each co-ed must present her own ticket to get her program. Mary Jean Light, chairman of the dance committee stated that house representatives must turn in all tickets and money to the Union desk not later than 1 o’clock tomorrow. These tickets at $2.00 each will be on sale at the door.
400 Attend “7 Aces” Rally Irvin Glassman Wins Free Prom Ticket By E. H. Morris Approximately 400 students attended the political rally conducted by the “Aces” party in the Union cafeteria last night at 8 o’clock. The rally began with a personal introduction of each member of the committee by Hugh Forster, who illustrated his talk with chalk drawings of each person. At the conclusion of the “chalk talk” by Forster, each candidate 1 unning on the “Aces” ticket gave a short speech, explaining the com(Continued on page 3)
//
50
//
By Hugh Morris
February 25, 1937 HAVE you heard about the instructor who antagonized his students by being overly suspicious during tests? No. Well, hang on . . It seems that an examination fell on April 1 last year and the instructor noticed a student’s repeated sly glances at a large watch ... so he went over and demanded to see it. Written on the face of the dial were the words: “April Fool!” . . . but here’s another from Wisconsin . . . —30— IT seems that a certain student had been accused of cheating throughout the semester. Came the day of the final, and retribution, The exam was barely under way when the suspected o|ie began to peek at a slip of paper bbld in the palm of his hand. Ever on the alert, the instructor pounced upon him and confiscated it . . . —30— THE message on the slip of paper read, “Is it true that you were secretly married to Miss on December 4 ?” The instioictor walked off . . . —30— IN a more serious tone ... a judge in New York imposed the unprecedented sentence of forbidding a hit and-run driver ever to drive again. The defendant had struck and killed a woman, driving off without stopping. Another motorist turned in his license number to the police ... In pronoimcing the sentence, the judge said . . . —30— “WE cannot condone striking a person and running away. You wouldn’t do that to a dog. If it had been one of your children you would want the driver sent to the electric chair!” .... —30— NICE going. Judge. More law enforcement bodies should feel the same way, and act accordingly . . .
Jimmy Garrett
Andy Kirk And Syncopators To Swing For Mixer Andy Kirk, the “Sultan of Syn copation,” and his swing band will furnish the rhythm for next Saturday night’s mixer. The program will feature Mary Lou Williams, stylist of the ivories, and Pha Ter rell, the young singer who is best known through the song “Until The Real Thing Comes Along.” The decorations will be the same as those for the Women’s Pan Hel lenic dance tomorrow night.
Ten Freshman To Debate At Manchester Ten members of the University freshman debating squad will compete in the seventh annual invitational tournament sponsored by Manchester College, at North Manchester on Friday and Saturday. “Resolved: That The Extension Of Consumers’ Cooperatives Would Contribute To Public Welfare,” will be the subject of the debate. Luncheon One of the features of the weekend’s debating activities will be a luncheon of Tau Kappa Alpha, honorary debating fraternity, on Saturday noon. Tau Kappa Alpha chapters from Manchester, Purdue, Hanover, Indiana, Wabash, Western State, and Capital will be represented at the luncheon.
Banquet To Honor Seniors Christian Foundation students will give their annual banquet Friday evening at 6:00 in the First Christian Church. Dean M. L. Fisher will be the principal speaker, and the toastmaster will be A. E. Kemmer, local contractor. Presentation Of Keys Group singing, short talks, and musical numbers, will be included on the program. Senior members and leaders are recognized at this banquet, the highlight of which is the presentation of keys to the senior members of “The Twelve,” honorary organization of the Foundation. Tickets may be secured by calling 6767.
MERIT SCHOLARSHIP HOLDERS
Special merit scholarship holders may receive refunds on deposits made last fall by presenting receipts given last fall in the cashier’s office of the Executive Building. —HOLLENSBE
Campus Votes Today In Prom, Gala Week Elections
Craig States Election Rules Voting To Be In Union Lobby From 7:30 a. m. Till 5:30 p. m. Juniors and seniors will vote today for the Prom and Gala Week committees. Elections will be held in the east end of the lobby of the Memorial Union Building from 7:30 a. m. to 5:30 p. m., with the requirement that all voters must bring their schedule cards as identification. There will be separate tables and voting booths for the two elections. Dick Craig states that the ruling against electioneering in the Union Building during election hours will be strictly enforced. Tabulation of the results of the voting will begin immediately upon closing the polls, the final results to be published in Friday morning’s Exponent.
Goodman Wins, Loses Prom Comp At Ace Rally
By The Roving Reporter There is one boy who will have to “pay and pay” when Prom night comes along, and that’s Don J. Goodman, ChE ’38. Don attended the “Aces” rally in the Union last night and when “Doc” Sears drew forth the first number and called, ^^hiee five four one,” Don’s face lit up. It was his number! His joy turned to deep disappointment, however, when a very thorough search revealed that he had lost his ticket. He faltered, turned a little pale, and gloomily watched Irving Glassman walk off with the prize. When interviewed later, Don exclaimed bitterly, “I’m going out and get drunk!”
Frosh Co-eds To Pick WSGA Members Hold Elections In Union Faculty Lounge Today At 4 Freshman co-eds will elect their representatives to the W. S. G. A. executive board today at 4 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. A resume of the year’s work and a discussion of the charm school to be held later this semester will be included on the program. Petitions for the general election, to be held in March, should be given to Ruth Copeland or Dorothy Kuehn and should be signed only by the persons petitioning. Six freshman co-eds handed in petitions for WSGA. They were Louise Schickler, Treva Berry, Kay Rhynearson, Ruth Randall, Harrietts Billings, and Betty Masters.
Sample Will Address SDX Members of Sigma Delta Chi, national journalistic honorary, will hear Glen Sample, assistant University publicity director, discuss “Agricultural Journalism As Applied To Modern Newspapers” at an open meeting tonight at 7:30 o’clock in room A of the Memorial Union Building. In addition book awards will be presented to writers of the 2 best articles for the months of December and January. The books are “Experiment In Autobiography,” by H. G. Wells, and “English And American Poetry.”
STRAW VOTE RESULTS
Junior Prom Committee: Graham 263, Goory 263, DeLong 260, Ehinger 260, Bailey 259, Bain, 257, Reid 256, Forster 255 Light 254, Schreyer 253, Sheets 253, Farrow 252, Korty 252, and Murray 251. Gala Week Committee: Lippert 346, Smith 339, Lutgens 337, Black 330, Williams 319, Ohaver 275, and Bell 194.
ELECTION RULES
1. Polls will be open from 7:30 a. m. until 5:30 p. m. today. 2. No electioneering by any candidate will be permitted in the Union Building. 3. All voters must bring their registration schedule cards to the voting booths in the Union. R. J. CRAIG, Chairman, Senate Elections Committee.
Senate Alters Eligibility Requirements Candidates For Senate Offices Must Have 3.5 Average '^o amendments to the Student Senate constitution were passed by the Senate yesterday afternoon at a meeting devoted chiefly to work on the constitution. These amendments concern the scholastic requirements necessary for a student to become a candidate for the Student Senate or other student organizations. Amendments The amendments are as follows: No student shall become a candidate for the student senate who does not have a 3.5 average for all semesters previous to his nomination and previous to his election. No student shall become a candidate for any office whose election is presided over by the Student Senate who shall not have had a 3.25 average for all semesters preceding his nomination and election.
Both Parties Make Final Pleas As Campaign Ends
Aces Advocate 4 O’clock Hours; Full Week-End Of Entertainment Pre-election campaigning for Junior Prom has ended. Today juniors go to the polls to select a committee which will represent the class. It is hoped that the committee selected will work for the good of the entire class in sponsoring Junior Prom . . the climax of the social season. / “Live Campaign” Throughout the entire campaign, we “Seven Aces” have atempted to “liven up” the campus by putting on a rather extensive publicity campaign. We have also refrained from making veiled charges at the apposition party. We shall continue this policy, however, we have been forced to defend our position on a number of points. They are: Platform Points 1. Though extensive, our campaign has not been expensive. Cost has been kept at a minimum. If necessary we shall publish an itemized expense account after the election today. Unceasing effort by every member of our committee has made economical publicity possible. 2. We stand not as individuals, but as a group. We pledge to stand on the two platform planks we have advanced: Obtain 4 o’clock closing hours for Prom and plan a full week-end of entertainment. 3. We have carried out a lively campaign .. . does it not also follow that the party which can put on the liveliest campaign will be able to plan and execute the liveliest and most successful Prom. Signed—Louise Bain, Verle Farrow, Hugh Forster, Ed Korty, Bob Reid, Marty Schreyer and Tom Sheets. —The Seven Aces.
Snyder Addresses A, Students At Sir Loin Banquet Last night the cafeteria of the Home Economics Building was transformed into Hodgton Tower near Blackburn in Lancashire, England, in the year 1676. The occasion was the annual pageant of the banquet for His Majesty, King George II, reproducing his traditional ceremony of the knighting of Sir Loin. Knight’s Loin J. A. Hoefer, playing the part of King Charles, formally knighted the loin of the prime 1,080 pound Angus steer, which was raised and killed by the University expresly for the occasion. The entire roasted loin was brought before him on a huge tray, carved, and served to 150 banqueteers. Charles S. Snyder, editor of the Chicago Daily Drover’s Journal, addressed the group following the repast. R. H. Douglas was toastmaster of the evening.
Plan AU-Ag Dance March 5 Agricultural students, faculty members, short course students, and extension and experiment station men are making plans for an all-agricultural dance which will be held in the Memorial Union ballroom on Friday night, March 5. The dance which is being sponsored by Xi Sigma Pi, Alpha Zeta, and Ceres, agricultural honoraries, is being held on the same week-end as the State Florists’ Convention; the ballroom will be lined with live palms and the Great Hall of the Union will be decorated with an array of real flowers. Tickets G. W. Freemeyer is in charge of ticket sales. Tickets may be secured from any of the members of the agricultural honoraries and from a number of other students for the price of one dollar. Chaperones for the dance will consist of the heads of the "various agricultural departments. Pat Clinton and his campus band have teen secured to play for the affair it was announced last night.
Naturals Oaim Conservatism. Not Entertainment, Main Issue The main plank in the platform of the Natural Party can be stated “WE DO NOT BELIEVE THAT THE STUDENTS SHOULD BE FORCED TO BEAR THE BRUNT OP AN EXPENSIVE CAMPAIGN! That has been om* policy thronghout the pre-election activities and our reason for a moderate campaign. We believe that we would not be able to give the students a fair return for their money if we were faced with the worry of recovering large campaign expenses. A good orchestra, decorations, and the other necessities of a dance, such as the Prom, require every cent that is put into it by the students. Conservatism Conservatism? Certainly we are conservative. We are firm believers in “Look before you leap” and hope that the voters will do likewise. We believe that the members of the Prom committee bear a great responsibility and should"" conduct themselves accordingly. Entertainment The function of a Prom committee is to see that ALL of the students conected with the dance have a full week-end of entertainment and not ONE student alone. Entertainment is the keynote of the Prom and the provision of that entertainment is the reason for electing a Prom committee; Consequently we believe that making entertainment an issue of the campaign is merely superfluous. Platform Our platform, summarized, is this: 1. A fair return to ALL students for their investment. 2. A proper degree of conservatism. 3. As late hours as WSGA will approve. 4. BE NATURAL. Signed—^Bill Bailey, Roger DeLong, Chuck Ehinger, Jack Goory, Tom Graham, Petie Light, and Ron Murray.
Dr. Albjerg To Address Purdue Women’s Club Dr. Marguerite Albjerg will talk before the current history section of the Purdue Women’s Club this afternoon at 2:30 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building.
Movies To End Diesel Course Motion pictures and slides of caterpillar Diesel tractors and their construction will be shown Thursday and Friday nights in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building by the student branch of the S. A. E. Diesel Course To End Different pictures will be shown each night, closing the Diesel short course. Several diesel engines, a cut-away engine block and a cutaway fuel pump are on display in the automotive laboratory.
Tower Theater To Organize Tower Theater will organize their plays this semester with only students at the helm. The group will present a series of three plays, two one-act plays by campus writers and a professional one. Tryouts Today Tryouts will be held today at 4 p. m. in the Playshop office. All who have had parts in either Tower Theater or Playshop productions, and others interested are urged to attend.
Professors To Sing Prof. H. G. Venemann, Prof. L. W. LaBree, and Fred Gol^mith, assistant Dean of Men, will sing solos at St. John’s Church Simday morning, February 28, at the l»:45 service.
Fair And Colder By Teapy Th* Sxpoiwnt WwtlMr IKmim
I walked on the campus yesterday. Amazement was shown on vbs$ face as it wasn't the campus I used to know. Students dashing hither and thither had me dodi^ng to save my life. I wondered why everyone was acting so craay until a pbhtician sprouting tickets, told me Prom elections were today. Pm not visiting the campus today, 1 prediet generally fair and coldeix
■ I
I 7 0 ^
fv
' ’'4'’ C5 V
f I*
V
J jf
a ii
aSSMSSSa
THE PtIBDUE EXPONENT
€lbe Ratline exponent
fWrniMln lUt
>«tmd M
MO. |S.M|Mr
Mootid dsM EUittinr at the poet offiee.
r wmt; OMrmd hr carrier, 9iM per pear; aoM by a clngle copy, I eetata.
PhoaaCett
OFFICHl—812 North Fifth Street
BdUorial Phonte SM7
Daily Student Pnblicatiim of Purdue University
BOlTORIAli BOARD OF CONTROL R. J. Hulse. chairman; Helen Creech, E. H. Morris, L D. Wood.
EDITORIAL STAFF ViitfAV — ™ — ■■ FI. H. Morris /SSStoEditors-TF:. A. Bamrtte,"j."E7Bro^k."A. H. F^to, R. P. C- % Sophomore Assistants W. M. Anthony, D. A. Bail^ J. ^ Chapin, J.R,^mk aopaomoie is m L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, LS^^k. D. R. Vmw E. H. KelloKK, K. R O’Neil
Business Manaser „ National Advertisinsr Manager Local Advertising Manager Circulation Manager..
BUSINESS STAFF
R, J. Hnlse L. H. Brown „ D. C. MiUer J. P. Girard
Editor^ Associate Editors
SPORTS 8T_^F L.D.Wood W. H. Fifield, S R Griffiths, B F. Obenchain
Editor _ . Associate Editors _ Advertising Manager
WOMEN’S STAFF „ , _ _ _ Helen Creech Jeanne Janonsek, Doris McCartney, Eliaabett Pyke Betty Barnett
Issue Editor—H. I. Stanback
STUDENT COMMENT
Hurrah For Schaible
To the Exponent: I heartily condemn the tribute you paid Walter Schaible, ’34, on the front page of this morning’s issue. In my narrow opinion I believe that your paper should mourn the fact that our University numbers among its alumnae an imbecile like Schaible who has “great fun” fighting for the rebels in Spain. If the fool (I could think of some good adjectives to modify “fool”) doesn’t value his own skin, he might at least have some consideration for his fellow American citizens, and start a private little war of his own up at the north pole.—A Junior.
Disorderly Lectures
Do Purdue students have any manners? There are a large number who do not. Students attending certain lectures show absolutely no respect for the speaker. Not satisfied with talking and laughing during the lecture, they stamp their feet also. For a group of college students this action is very disgusting. The fact that some of the lecturers on this' campus are not the best in the world, does not alter the situation. The lecturer must also put up with more discourtesy than that mentioned above. He not only is confronted with the latecomer but also the early leaver. The latter causes the greater disturbance. Mve minutes before the hour is up students begin to make so much noise that it is useless for the speaker to continue. For a group of 200 attending lecture once a week for 36 weeks a year, the early leaver wastes 600 hours or 25 days. Something should be done about this undesirable condition. Possible the University should offer compulsory courses in character building. But a better solution would be for the students to begin to act their ages rather than like two year olds —D. A. B.
^i*of. J. A. Estey Speaks Before PtiMtie Student Allianee On Democracy
“What We Need Is Social Engi^ neering,” stated Prof. J. A. Estey, of the economics department, in Bn address last night before an open meeting Of the Purdue Stpdent Alliance in the peasant room of the Memorial Union Building. Approximately 100 people, including townspeople and faculty, attended the meeting.
Increase Farm
Management Staff
T. K. Cowden, of Cornell, and Earl Butz of Purdue, have recently been added to the staff of the farm management department of the school of agriculture. Cowden is teaching marketing, while Butz, who has been getting material for his Doctor’s thesis with the Federal Land Bank, is teaching statistics and farm business law.
Alpha Xi Delta
Alpha Xi Delta elects the following officeis for the coming year: Piesident, Catherine Ann Cromer, West Lafayette; vice-president. Pearl Jackson, Indianapolis; recoiding secretary, Maxine Brossort, Bronxville, New York; treasurer. Mane Wetzel, Spencer; corresponding secretary, Florence Hester, of Scottsburg; journal correspondent, Maiguerite Call, Southport.
ARC
TODAY—FRIDAY—SATURDAY Jack Holt
‘Dangerous Waters” —and— Lloyd Hughes
“Kelley of the Secret Service” —also— CLYDE BEATTY
‘DARKEST AFRICA’
Greenly Aids In Vocational Work
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Prof. RusSell J. Greenly, of the education department, is cooperating with other educators in developing a revised program for educational training in Chicago and Gary. A new trade school in South Chicago has been established, and the Gary and Chicago school programs have been expanded and improved as the result of conferences at which Professor Greenly was present.
Phi Kappa Tau
Phi Kappa Tau fraternity announces the initiation of Hilden Lacey, Indianapolis.
Family Today—Fri.—Sat. 2 FIRST RUN HITS
HOPALONG TRAPS A CULPRIT!
BaRatBinm
PLUS— 2nd Hit
ONE STEP AHEAD OF THE COPS....
lilUMdw
WONDER
wilh JEANN'E-DANTE S:®*; ALAN;MOWBRAY Martha SLEEPER * UNtyiEltSl'&pfCTiUliE .
UNTIL SHE FELLIN
EVEN A WOMAN will wait for a train . . .
THE EXTREMIST is the person who believes that girls like BILL SHIPLEY for himself ... by the way, BILL, who was the woman driving your car out of the Theta diiveway yesteiday afternoon‘s ’
No. 5— He loves nature study ... he has little hair on his head ... he is visited by many, many a guy ... he always wants to know the reason why WHO No. 6—
Her name, last year was monotonous to see ... she is an arteest, so they say . . she rambles on and on indeed . . . she's a senior and boy! what a keed WHO NOW-
ELECTION DAY .. . vote foi the ACES ... vote for the NATURALS vote tor the SENIORS . . . vote for
“I’M FROM THE NATIONAL BROADCASTING CO.” came voice over the phone at one end of which ALICE PARLON was listening . ALICE replied, “Oh, yea! You can’t kid me ” but it turned out that the man was actually a representative of said company and she has an appointment with said gentleman
CELLOPHANE is a recently adopted product the use of which corresponds to the wistful smile of a woman . . .
AND NOW SOMETHING IS WRONG . . . the formeily inseparable couple of BOB “Fielder’s Choice’" WALPOLE and LIBBY “Theta Pledge” HUNTER are inseparable no more . . , not that they have completely fallen out, but that ga-ga infatuation has soit of died out. . .
Nov
WHO—MARS—WHO
Write down your answeis to the SIX I have mentioned and turn in at the Union desk or address: “Editor B & B, Exponent Office, 312 North 5th street, Lafayette . This contest IS open to Faculty as well as the student body . the person to get the greatest number of right answers will get 2 MARS PASSES in case of ties the winner will be decided by a drawing . , there will be three moie tomorrow 9 “thumb-nail” sketches in all . . .
Agronomy Dept. To Present Soil Film
Talking pictures, depicting methods of liming soils and treating soil acidity, will be shown this afteinoon at 4 by the agronomy depart ment in Agriculture Hall. This picture, “The Sweet Earth,” was bi ought to the University by the Marblehead Lime Company of Chicago and the showing is open to all interested students.
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in tile VARSITY BOOT SHOP
She is a songbird, some will say . . , she lives on Waldron street. . . 8he*s got a man hooked fairly tight ... at one o’clock she doesn’t like •njr light... WHO
Domer’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
NEW 4 AIN
BIG DOUBLE FEATURE TODAY—FRI—SAT.
Two women in a finish fight for a man who wasnt even consulted!
nne
SHIRLEY
The laugh saga of a well spoiled girl who drove her pop into love and trouble.
First Lafayette Showing
GERTRUDE MICHAEL MARGOT GRAHAME
PLUS SECOND FEATURE
TRAPPEDI
3 DIZZY MILES IN THE AIR.
WITH A ■MAD’ KILLER AT THE CONTROLS!
Cold fear! . . . Paralyzing the passengers of a giant airliner as they huddled helpless before an insane murderer . . . who is hurtling them
to certain death!
with JEAN MUIR^WAI^REN HULL Gordon Oliver • Carlyle Moorcy Jr. —ALSO— The I A Noyelty March of Time | Somo Class
“—and you ought to hear what I heard about Mrs. Twamleigh-
2 BIG FEATURES
TODAY FRIDAY—SATURDAY
NOW INSTALLED— The New
WESTERN ELECTRIC
MIRROPHONIC Sound System
' ’’ Ave
. a “G
-extra-
Viod'X' COLMAN ' and his orcheutra
At”
tL
Today—Fri.—Sat.
M4dtS5 i V
}k \
^ -i ^} ^ '3 (» ! ^ *^5 ^
(5 '
=
jTy
jp-^
BMini
’Ham^ Athletes To Vie
For Honors Tonight Even StUt Walkers, Wheelbarrow Racers Will Have Chance For Glory In Sports Carnival
By J. S. Brown
Boxers, wrestlers, rope climbers, gymnasts, fencers, runners, “Perfect Men,”—all will be on hand in the Memorial Gym for tonight's Sport's Carnival, the climax of the year's intrar
mural activities.
Spectators, for the paltry sum of one quaj^ter, will be admit-
ted to this mammoth show.
which will easily excel in “doin's” and thrills found in any three-ring circus. On the main floor, on the track, and in all corners there will be running simultaneously athletic events of every variety, ranging all the way from a fencing meet with Notre Dame to interfratemity wheelbarrow and three-legged races. Starts At 7 The evening’s activities will start promptly at 7 o’clock. Because of the large number of contest^ts and events, teams or individuals that are not on hand at their scheduled times will forfeit their match. A complete schedule of the evening’s program appears below. All contestants should check carefully the times they are slated to participate. Event Starting Time
7 00—Gymnastics—^Horizontal Bar WreaUing. Tug-of-War. Relay. 7:16—Silver Derby. 1 :S0—Boxing. “Perfect Man.” Tumbling. 8.00—Ward Walking Race B<ve Climb. 8:30—Fraternity Walking Race. One Mile Rnn. Boxing 7 ;80—Rose vs. Franklin, 116 lbs. 7:40—^Wasmith vs. Phelps, 12B lbs. 7:50—Palmquist vs. Engman, 13o lbs 8:00—Hardesty vs. Beers, 140 lbs. 8.10—Butcher vs. Palmer, 147 lbs 8:20—Franz vs. Conklin, 1B6 lbs. 8:80—Scott vs. L. Lyles, 176 lbs 8:40—Bacharach vs Lord, 176 lbs Silver Derby 7 ;16—Tricycle—Phi Kappa vs. Triangle. 7 '20—^Tricycle—^Tau Epsilon Phi vs Lambda Chi Alpha. 7 .26—-Horseback—Delta Chi vs Sigma Nu. 7 :80—^Horseback—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Theta Tau. 7 .36—^Barrel—Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma Pi. 7 :40—Barrel—Sigma Chi vs Kappa Delta Rho. 7 46—Sack—Delta Upsilon vs Phi Kappa Tau 7 :60—Sack—Phi Delta Theta vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. 7:66—Stilts—Beta Theta Pi vs Alpha Gamma Rho 8:00—Stilts—Alpha Chi Rho vs. Phi Pi Phi. 8:06—Three Leg—Alpha Tau Omega vs Tau Kappa Epsilon 8 10—^Three L^—Phi Kappa,. Sigma- vs. Theta Chi. 8-IS—Wheelbarrow—Phi Gamma Delta vs. Sigma Alpha Hu.
DR. A. M. miON DENTIST
119% Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Scobee's 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
8:20-
Wheelbarrow—Phi Sigma Kappa vs.
Phi Kappa Psi.
8:26—^Winners 1 vs. Winners 2 8:30—Winners 3 vs. Winners 4. 8:36—^Winenrs 6 vs. Winners 6. 8:40—^Winners 7 vs. Winners 8. 8:46—Winners 0 vs. Winners 10. 8:60—Winners 11 vs. Winners 12. 8:66— Winners 18 vs. Winners 14.
Tu^ Of War
7:00—^Theta Xi Vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. 7:05—^Delta Upsilon vs. Pi KaiOpa Alpha. 7:10—Phi Xappa Tau vs. Phi Gamma Delta. 7:1B—Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma Nu. 7:20—Delta Chi vs. Phi Kappa Psi. 7:26—Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Theta Chi. 7:30—^Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Sigma- Pi. 7:35—Beta Theta Pi vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. 7:40—Phi Delta Theta vs. Winner 7 :00. 7:46—Kappa Sigma vs. Winner Jl.:10. 7:60—Sigma Alpha .Epsilon vs. Winner 7:16 7:66—^Alpha Tau Omega vs. Winner 7:20. 8:00—Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Winner 7 :26 8:06—Phi Kappa vs. Winner 7:30 . 8:10—Alpha Chi Rho vs. Winner 7 ;36
Relays
7:00—Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Delta Upsilon 7:06—Phi Kappa Tau vs Sigma Alpha Mu 7:10—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Tau Kappa
Epsilon.
7:16—Tau Epsilon Phi vs Beta Sigma Psi 7:20—^Theta Xi vs. Phi Kappa Psi. 7:26—Alpha Chi Rho vs Phi Pi Phi 7:30—Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Kappa. 7:36—Triangle vs Alpha Tau Omega. 7:40—Phi Gamma Delta vs. Kappa Sigma 7 :46—Phi Delta Theta vs. Lambda Chi Al-
pha
7:60—Sigma Nu vs. Beta Theta Pi. Wrestling 7:16—Edwards vs. Gossaro 7 :26—Cantwell vs. Dawscii 7 '35—Gardner vs. Kuchinski 7:46—Milvio vs. Timms. 7 ‘BB—Huffman vs. Lederei 8 ‘OB—Duemting vs. Winner of 7 15 bout. 8:16—Barker vs. Hawkinson. 8 26—Harvey vs Scnvnor
Co-ed Honorary Will sSponsor April Penny Carnival
Members of Purdue Sportswomen, co-ed athletic honorary, will conduct the annual Penny Carnival on Saturday, April 10, from 7:30 to 11:00 o’clock. Sportswomen and the various sororities will sponsor booths and compete for prizes awarded for the cleverest booths. Dancing And Tumbling Tap dancing and tumbling exhibitions will compose a part of the evening’s entertainment. From 9:30 to 11 o’clock an orchestra v^l play for dancing. There will be a five cent admission charge, and tickets for the various entertainments will sell for one cent.
Rising To Discuss Teaching Methods
Prof. Justus Rising, of the practical mechanics department, will talk to members of the agricultural staff at a meeting on, “Methods Of Teaching,” Friday evening, March 19, at 7:30, in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building. Prof. Rising will discuss the possibilities of moving and talking pictures as an educational aid.
NEW SPRING FOOTWEAR
Black
Fabrics
Blue
Kidskins
Grey
Suedes
Beige
Buckoes
Brown
Gaberdines
Budget Shoes-
—Downstairs
LOEB & HENE CO,
«1
p
ieider’s*... ....choice
By Bob W«lpole«iMmm4
And from the Indiana campiis comes the word that Vernon Huffman will not play against the B<h1ermakers oil Saturday night . . . Huffman, you will remember won the “Most Valuable Player” award in the Big Ten for football last fall . . . he has been ailing with a cold . , . here’s Young’s chance to pile
up some points . . .
—^fc—
With it also comes the news that Purdue’s Glen Dowpey may be out for the remainder ofi the season .., his loss would be np little setback to the Boilermaker defense . . .
—^fc—
Purdue has met each of the first ranking teams in the Western Conference twice this season . . . the schedules are sometimes built like that...
—^fc—
Tonight is the annual Intramural Carnival . . . lots of fun for practically nothing, and the profits of the events go to new trophies, medals and various and sundry awards.
—^fc—
Among the events are ropeclimbing, wheelbarrow races, rope-pull-ing contests, and a varsity fencing match between Purdue and Notre Dame . . . better drop around . . . you’ll have fun . . .
Petticrew Wins Senior Division Of Hanley Contests
His talk concerning minimum wages won first place in the senior division of the Hanley speech contest for C. R. Petticrew, ME, last night. Petticrew differentiated between the minimum living wage and the minimum fair wage, pointing out that a minimum fair wage would, among other things, abolish child labor by compelling employers to compensate all workers equally. Will Compete In Finals Mr. Petticrew won a year’s subscription to Fortune magazine and the light to compete in the Hanley finals in March. H. R. Sennstrom, ME, won a closely contested second place with ;his speech on “The Future of Railroads.”
Major Boudreau ToLecture Tonight
A lecture on anti-aircraft guns, illustrated with motion pictures will be given this evening in the basement of the Lafayette post office building at 7:30 by Major Napoleon Boudreau, of the Coast Artillery Corps, and the Acting Adjutant General of the Indiana Military Area.' The meeting is open to all regular army, national guard, and reserve officers.
SUBSCRIBE
TO THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
NOW
B&ii Lead Big Ten; Wolverines, Gophers Second
Illinois, With but two games remaining on its Big T^n basketball schedule is leading the conference with eight victories and two defeats. Both Minnesota and Michigan, howevfe^, ate still very much in the race having only two defeats, but with one less victory, than Illinois. Tight Race The 1937 Big Ten race has been one of the tightest in history. Illinois and Michigan were considered threats at the start of the season, but were not thought able to beat out Purdue and Indiana, while Minnesota was definitely relegated to the second-division on pre-season reports. The other extreme is presented by Northwestern and Iowa, both considered challengers in early forecasts, but who are now in seventh and eighth places respectively. Must Win Purdue’s in and out team, with seven victories out of ten games, stands but a very remote chance of ending up on top of the heap. To win the conference, the Boilermakers must win both of their next two games, while Illinois must losejjoth of its remaining games. Minnesota and Michigan must each lose two of their remaining three games. Purdue, however, has a chance for a tie at the top if each of the three leaders lose one or more games. The complete standings are as follows:
Illinois Minnesota Michigan PURDUE Ohio State Indiana Northwestern Iowa Wisconsin Chicago
W 8
L 2 2 2 3 4 5 6 8 7 10
Pet. .800 .778 .778 .700 .636 .500 .333 .273 .222 .000
PIA Dance Classes To Begin March 1
The P. I. A. will hold advanced dance classes this semester on Monday and Friday nights in the Memorial Union Building from 7 to 8:30, starting Monday, March 1. The instruction includes lessons in modern dance steps and some novelty steps. Anyone wishing to attend may do so by'^signing up in the P. I. A. office between 4 and 6 p. m. and paying the necessary fee of $2.50.
Professors Plan Supper Meeting
The American Association of University Professors will hold a supper meeting March 1, at 6:16 p. m., in the cafeteria of the Home Economics Building. A program on air conditioning, with Professor W. T. Miller as the featured speaker, will be conducted.
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business
DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
We Sell Parker Pens and Pencils R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optician 604 Main Street
•SlttSttr
400 Attend
7 Ratty
(Continued from iMige 1)
mittee’s stand in the Prom race. Glassntan Wins f^ize Irving Classman, EE, ’37, was the lucky holder of the number drawn from the box by Dr. L. M, Sears, of the history department, and received the price of a Prom ticket, a free meal, two show passes, and a mixer ticket for the Saturday night following the Prom. The following members of the “Aces” party had this to say regarding their platform: Louise Bain “we have no political connections. You’ll vote for us if you like us.” Ed Korty: “ . . you can show your appreciation by voting for the ‘Aces’.” Bob Reid: “ . . we advocate a full-week-nend of activity, instead of just one night.” Marty Schreyer: . if we get in tomorrow, we’ll do our best!” Tom Sheets: “ . . we’ll have the best Prom in the history of the University.”
Dr. Sears To Speak On First President
Dr. L. M. Sears, of the University history department, will speak on the subject, “George Washington,” at an open browsing room discussion to be held tonight at 7:30 in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building. Dr. Sears is well qualified to discuss this subject, having written one of the more recent biographies of Washington.
Cosmopolitans Plan Dance For Tomorrow
A. F. Futoohee, president of the Cosmopolitan Club, has invited the members of the club to a party on Friday evening at the American Commons Club house. The party will last from 8:30 to 12, and will consist of games and dancing.
TUnHesSe^ Second Win
TraekstcffB To Compdte In TIireo*Wiiy Meet
The Gold and Black teadc atgimd will travel to Chicago thic Satur-^ day to inurticipate in a triangular meet with Northwestern and Chicago at tha Maroon fieldhouse. Victorious over Chicago in its first and only contest so far this season, the Boilermakers axe looking forward optimistically to Satlurday’s meet."The squad is wellbalanced in almost all events,, and is especially strong in the middle distance and distance rtms and the high jump. In the Chicago meet a Week ago Saturday, Purdue took 24 out of a possible 27 points in these three events, and hopes to repeat this performance. To Meet Butler After Saturday’s contest the Boilermakers will travel to Indianapolis Wednesday to meet the Butler tracksters.
The Risk Dental Clinic
DK. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. BISK DR. ROBERT G. BISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
The thinking fellow c«Ib A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Can for Special Oeeasions 25c per passenger any part of the city 5Q23 phones 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post OflSce Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
It's time
SHOE ICE-SKATES
$4.00 to $7.95
JOHN SPERB, Hdw.
822 MAIN STREET
FRATERNITIES AND SORORITIES
WHEN PLANNING YOUR PARTIES BE SURE AND CALL ON US.
Rates Reasonable for Hall Rental Finest Floor in Middle West.
NEW ADULT RALLROOM aASSES OPEN BEGINNER’S WEDNESDAY, MARCH 10th ADVANCED THURSDAY, MARCH 11th
ALLEN’S
Phime 2150
CO-EDS
You can look as pretty as a picture by giving yourself the care in which we specialize. Ask for a consultation or appointment now and look your best.
’s
662 Main Street PHONe 7727
Present Her With
f
from
C^latL
for the Pan-Hellenic Ball
C^latL C^c
o.
Phone 543Z 521^ Main
wamm
I f ^ ^ Vi
V*
f' "i,
itk'
5 J,■rf'‘ •
WW'Al'
Ijt;?' ’ |iV#„
<!!llassifiedl Ads*
TyPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main street. Phone 2779.
For Sale—Oliver typewriter $5. Portable victi’ola $5.50. Leather upholstered settee $6.50. Rocking chair to match $4.50. Small 3-draw-er chest $2.50. Back number magazines 1 cent to 5 cents each. At Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 N. Fifth street.
Piano And Organ Instruction— Harry Irwin Metzger, Purdue organist. Phone 25683.
NOTICES
No noticos acceptMl after 8 p. m.
P. I. A.—All independent students desiring to take dancing lessons please sign up in the P. I. A. office from 4 to 6 p. m. any time before March 1. —BUXTON.
Dance Class—All independent students
OPEN FOR BUSINESS LITTLE HILL TOP SANDWICH SHOP
108 S. Pierce
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
KEYS Keys for tranks, doer locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Ante keys and handle locks a specialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
interested in taking advanced dancing lessons please sign up in P. 1. A. Office any afternoon this week between 4 and 6:80. —BUTCHER.
Deck Tennis—^These games should be played off before February 27: Bouton and Newman vs. Auld and Clymer; Charles and FHtch vs. Halstead and Kelly: Pell and Reverda vs. Phelps and Cooley. —RIETH.
Military Boxers—^The following men will report to the Memorial Gym February 26 at 4 p. m. for the semi-finals in the Military Boxing tournament. 126 Pound Class—W. A. Nash, B. W. Carpenter, M. H. Ostrander, R. A. Tillson, and P. F. Ponder. 136 Pound Class—G. Kester, P. Murphy, P. Vuchines, H. Krashen, C. R. Brown. 146 Pound Class—C. Craft, E. S. Bogue, H. Butcher, H. Frazee, Henderson, and J. W. Godbey. 160 Pound Class—T. F. Jelnick, T. E. Dann, R. H. Conklin, R. W. Burks, D. H. Carson, F. E. Franz, S. G. Peterson. 176 Pound Class—C. A. Reising. W. B. Bowman, L. W, LaFuse, J, O'Connor, and B. Tibbets. Heavyweight—V. J. Vitkus.
Student Senators—Please report to election polls at any time February 26. —CRAIG.
W. A. A. Bowling—Following matches will be played February 26: Ward 3 vs. Alpha Chi, at 6:45; Chi Omega vs. Ward 4, at 8:30 p. m. —BOEHM.
Bowlers—Alleys 1 and 2 will be reserved for tournament play February 26 from 6:46 p.m. till 10:30 p.m. _gTUCKY.
Y. W. C. A. —Those who have_ signed membership cards who have not paid their dues must do so before March 1 to be eligible to vote in the coming election. ■—JONES.
Gold Peppers—Meeting February 26 at 5 p. m, in W. S. G. A. office. —SCUDDER.
NYA Checks—NYA checks for period ending February 10 are now available in the cashier’s office of the Executive Build—HOLLENSBEE.
Junior Military Athletic Officers—The following cadet officers assigned as athletic officers report to the Memorial Gymnasium at 4 o’clock, February 25 for semifinals in boxing: Griffenhagen, Grieger, Isanborger, Schaefer, Wakefield, Ross, Long, Rollins, Love, Weisenbach, Lowery, Suardi, Shealor, and Right. , —MULL.
Christian Foundation —Those desiring tickets for the annual banquet February 26 call 6767. Those selling tickets report to me February 26. _br0WN.
W. S. G. A.—All girls receiving notices report to W. S. G. A. office February 26, between 4 and 5 p. m. Report March 2 at time stated on card. lippeRT
‘‘DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
JUNIORS!!
“BILL” BAILEY “ROG” DELONG “CHUCK” EHINGER
“JACK” GOORY “TOM” GRAHAM “PETIE” LIGHT
“RON” MURRAY
Desire the Best PROM in the History of Purdue DO YOU?
Then Vote the STRAIGHT NATURAL TICKET
fc’s a Natural!!
The Wilson
OBAN SEAMLESS Collar
Smooth seamless band— nothing to irritate the neck.
Natural fold and natural roll front.
Permanently smooth, starched appearance, without a trace of starch.
Baltimore Clothes Shop
414 MAIN STREET
THa PORDOB
SenloM—Dummy aheete for aeoior aootloa of 1987 Debris will be. made w tbiii Brii^ to be sent to the printers. If there are any seniors who have any additional activities to add to. their charts please stop in at the Debris office at once'to make these additions. . —DWIGHT.
W. A. A. Council—Meeting February 26 at 7:16 p. m. in W. A. A. office. —WILEY.
—Y. W. C. A. Cabinet—Meet in Y. W. C. A. office February 26 at 7 o’clock. —JONES.
Playday Committee—Meet February 26 after council meeting in W. A. A. office —WlLEi.
Hoof and Horn Club—Meeting February 26 at 7:80 in room F in the Union Bunding. —CLARY.
C. E. 41—An examination for the removal of C grades will be given March 6th, 1 to 4 p. m. in room 20,1 of the CE Building. Students expecting to take the examination should report to F. W. Greve not later than March 4th. —GREVE,
History, Economics and Government — Examinations for the removal of conditions will be given March 6, at 1 p. m. in room 313, Recitation Building. Applications should be made at history office by March 6. —ESTEY.
Union' Committees—My committees will report to the workshop February 26 at 4
-WIEGANDT.
Union Committees—^Men of our committees will report to the workshop February 25 at 4 p. m. —SHEETS, SCATTERDAY, STALLINGS.
Newman Club—Important executive meeting in room B of the Union Building at 7:30 p. m. February 26. Faculty members, officials, and committee chairmen please p.ttend. —RAPALSKI.
Scrivener Club—Regular meeting February 26, in room C of the Union Building at 8:00 p. m. Bring manuscripts. —RADKEY.
W. A. A. Fencing—All girls in the fencing tournament please report to the gym February 26 at 4:30. —BEKO.
W. A. A.—No activities at 4 p. m. February 26 as everyone is expected to attend W. S. G. A. mass meeting. —ARNOLD.
Vesper Services — Interdenominational vesper services will be held February 26 at 4 p. m. in room A of the Memorial Union. Rev. Stolldorf will speak on the subject “Pitching Life Hard.’’ Everybody is welcome. —BLALOCK.
Singing Chorus—^Meet in Union ballroom at 6:30 p. m. February 26. No one will be excused. —RIETH.
Crown Cleaning Cuts the costs of being well dressed
Crown Cleaned Clothes are not only scientifically cleaned but are moth proofed in the same operation—no extra charge.
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
Sigma Delta Chi—Open meeting February 26 at 7:30 o’clock in room A of the Memorial Union Building. Staffs of all campus publications are urged to attend. Book awards to be given. —HARDIN.
Women’s Badminton Tournament— The following games are to be played February 25 : 4 :00 ti, m. M. Mathes vs. R. Randall, P. Dunn vs. N. Phillips: 4:30 p. m., S. Bouton vs. L. Mills, M. Schatzinger vs. J, Vauer. —MAIER.
Triton Club—Final practice February 26 at 7:30 p. m. for meet to be held March 4 Open swim at 8 ;30. —LONG.
Fencers—^Will the following men report to the fencing gym between 4 and 4:30 m. February 25, to get equipment for the Notre Dame meet. Latter, McWilliams, Reynolds, Hoffman, Levin, Meier, Matthews, Seaborg, and Antuschko. —LACEY.
Triangle Pledging
Triangle fraternity announces the pledging of R. C. Hill, New Augusta.
WBAA
TODAY 11:00—Morning Musicale. 11:16—Midday Melodies. 11:80—Principles of Bookkeeping, Mr. L. G. Minnear. 11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Give Us A Song. 12:15—Luncheon Dance Time with Bud Bryant’s Orchestra. 12:30—Noon Melodies. 12:45—Home Helps & Happenings— “Play At The Nursery School’’ Miss Helen Duff. 1:00^—^Arsene Summers, contralto. 1:16—Better Expression, “Rules of Conversation’’ Prof. P. E. Lull. 1:30—Geography in the News. 1:4o—Markets, weather. 2:00—Aviation Today. 2:16—Songs & Melodies. 2:30—Glen Grose, Guitar. 2:46—Treasure Chest—Robert Horn. 3:00—Melody Review.3:16—The Housewife’s Hour. 3:30—We Have Music. 3:46—Education & Society. 4:00—^Musical Favorites. ,,, 4:16—^Answer Me This. 4:30—Twilight Musicale. 4:46—^The Traveler.
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
RAIN OR SHINE PURDUE STUDENTS READ EVERY UNE OF THE EXPONENT
Cary Grant says:
”a light smoke rates aces high
with my throat”
**Luckies have been my cigarette for five years now, I rate them a 4 star cigarette, They*re always good to the throat, and taste so much-better than other cigarettes that it seems to me this ^Toasting* process is a swell idea. Yes, a light smoke like Luckies rates aces high with both my throat and
taste.
APPEARING IN THE NEW COLUMBIA PICTURE, ’’WHEN YOU’RE IN LOVE”
independent survey was made recently among professional men and women—lawyers, doctors, lecturers, scientists, etc* Of those who said they smoke cigarettes, more than 87% stated they personally prefer a light smoke* Mr* Grant verifies the wisdom of this preference, and so do other leading artists of the radio, stage, screen and opera* Their voices are their fortunes* That’s why so many of them smoke Luckies* You, too, can have the throat protection of Luc|des—a light smoke, free of certain harsh initants removed by the exclusive process 'It’s Toasted”* Luckies are gentle on the throat*
THE FINEST TOBACCOS— ”THE CREAM OF THE CROP**
A Light Smoke
’It’s Toasted”-Your Throlat Protection.
AGAINST IRRITATION-AGAINST COUGH
Osnrillht 1987, Xb» AntilMD Tobura Conpwy