1 U s'
Magician Paul Fleming PerForms Tonight
Founded in 1889
Z-185
X/p/o^ne4it Daily Since 1906
Volume 5, No. 12
Thursday, July 17, 1941
Announce Entries For State
July 1 Boysi
Music Festival Saturday Held Tonight
* OA CAO
Lanny Ross Heads Evening Program In Music Hall Saturday Preliminary entries reveal that there will be the keenest of competition in four different divisions for the right to appear on the final program of the University Music Festival with Lanny Ross, noted radio and concert tenor, on Saturday night in the Hall of Music. / Albert P. Stewart, director of the Music Festival, in releasing early entries, pointed out that the winners in each division will not only appear on the final program Saturday night with Ross, nationally known star of the stage and air waves, but will earn the right to repr'e^nt Indiana in the Chicagoland Music Festival to be held late rthis summer. The afternoon preliminaries for voice contestants and choral groups at 2 p. m. will be held in the Union ballrooms. The baton twirlers will demonstrate their skills at 2 o’clock in front of Fowler Hall. All of the afternoon preliminaries will be open to the public. The evening performance will be free to students who present their registration cards, and tickets for the general public will be on sale -at 75 cents for adults and 25 cents for children. It was announced yesterday that Philip Maxwell, of radio station WGN and the Chicago Tribune, will serve as master of ceremonies for the evening program. In the choral division of the Festival, among the leading contestants will be the following groups. Choral Section, Indianapolis Matinee Musicale, 51 voices, under direction of Joseph Lautner; Ladies’ Variety Singers, Logansport, 24 voices, under direction of Vernie Gray; Tippecanoe County Home Economics Chorus, 45 voiced, under direction of Joseph M. Ragains; Tipton county Home Economics Chorus, 27 voices, under direction of Mrs. Harold Ericson. The colorful baton twirling competition for drum majors and drum majorettes, has attracted a host of experienced entries. In addition to a group of eight senior girls and one junior girl from the Lynn high school baton corps, the entries include the following,-by divisions: Junior Boy — John Bethke, Jr., Logansport; Edgar Reed, Culver. Junior Girl — Pattie Stewart and Dorothy Lamberson, Connersville; Marilyn Moore, Williamsport; Elaine Billman, Logansport; Barbara Snyder ahd Patty Shaw, Culver; Katherine Evans, Lafayette; Harriett^ R u s s e 11, Noblesville; Marilyn Berger, Windfall; Joan Netherton, Chalmers. Senior Girl—Joan Lash, Avilla; Bette jane Mott, Noblesville; Gene C. Huffman, Logansport. The vocal entrants will include the following: Yvonne Hostetler, (Continued on page 2) William Carrier a University freshman last semester, has entered the United States Naval Academy at Annapolis. His appointment was recommended by Representative W. H, Larrimore of the 11th district.
An Editorial.
The Inside Story
One of the brightest ideas of the past.^several years, of all time, maybe, hit the student body with a dull thud when the Exponent published a story in Tuesday’s paper which was, we admit, slightly askew and perhaps more than slightly premature. Consternation reigned on the campus for fully five minutes gfter the papers were distributed. Headlines in 48 point shrieked that Paul Fleming would be here “tomorrow.” That morning being Tuesday, everyone of course immediately recognized our huge scoop and went scampering off to tell his buddies that the Exponent had discovered that Paul Fleming would be on campus Wednesday instead of Thursday, We even had President Elliott and Dr. Knight and Prof, 0. F. Hall worried. They wanted to know why they weren’t let in on our scoop, and we told them we were a newspaper and that a newspaper always keeps its news beats a secret until the papers hit the street, and then we tried to sell them a summer session subscription for only fifty cents, using as bait a long list of other scoops we have planned in advance for the next three weeks. Then Prof. Hall said that he was suspicious of our story because he had certain evidence that indicated that Paul Fleming was coming Thursday. And he was just about to send Paul a telegram when we spilled the true inside story. It was all just a little idea of ours for some super publicity for the convocation. We figured that everyone would be very happy talking about how dumb the dear old Exponent was for making a mistake like that, and, consequently, every one would be talking about Paul Fleming—in a round about way. Good publicity, see ? Then of course we would have to send correction notices to all the fraternities and all the teachers would have to read a correction to their* classes the next morning. More good publicity. And then by the time the convo came around on Thursday night there would be teeming thousands hammering at the doors of the Music Hall. We were really going to put this thing over. And then we were personally going all over the campus and laugh in the face of every student who was (as usual) laughing at us. Fun, huh? And good publicity, too. Well, of course, President Elliott, "being an intelligent man, realized our idea was as good as anything he ever thought up and raised our salary to two dollars a week. Everybody appreciates us again. That is a pretty good inside story. Oh, dear God, we wish this were true.—J.L.T.
Herbert Rust Speaks To Life Underwriters Here For Short Course Herbert Rust, associate editor of Insurance Research and Review Service, will discuss the fundanaentals of simple programming and how to increase sales through social security today before close to 100 men attending the University short course in life underwriting. The short course, which started July 14, will continue through Saturday, July 26. Other addresses today will feature Horace Starr, manager of the Bankers Life Company, of Indianapolis, who will discuss “Analysis of Settlement Options,” and R. Walton Litz, manager of agencies, Comiponwealth Life, Xiouisville. Yesterday discussion was lead by William Klusman, manager of AJie Western and Southern Life, of South Bend; Virgil Simms, general agent of the Mutual Benefit Life, of Indianapolis; B. H. Eversmeyer, of Fort Wayne, manager of the Connecticut General Life; and Harry Shaffer, assistant superintendent of agents, Union Central Life, of Cincinnati. After the close of this week’s classes Friday, the life underwriters will have a written review ex.» amination Saturday of the entire week’s work.
Dr. Steer Addresses Speech Conference At Syracuse Today Syracuse, N. Y., July 17.—(Special to the Exponent)—Professor M. D. Steer, Director 'of the Purdue Speech and Hearing Clinic, will be a featured speaker at the Second Annual Speech Conference at Syracuse University today. Dr. Steer will demonstrate methods of speech correction by using cases illustra^g most of the common defects *T)f voice and speech found in the classroom. He places the emphasis on practical methods which could be used by the classroom teacher. He also will display special colored motion pictures illustrating speech correction methods used in the East Chicago, Ind., public schools, where a part of the instructional material for public school teachers enrolled at Purdue University this summer in courses relating to speech disorders and hearing defiiciencies. Other people on the program include Barrett H. Clark, secretary, Dramatists Play Service, NeW York City; Professor Magdelene Kramer, Chairnjpn, Department of Speech, Brooklyn College, New York. Prom here, Dr. Steer will fiy to New York where he will have conferences Friday and Saturday with other members of the Committee on National Defense of the American Speech Correction Association.
Sequence numbers for 20,599 Indiana men who registered for the draft July 1 will be drawn in Washington tonight, it was announced yesterday by state selective service headquarters in Indianapolis. July 1, 261 men registered with local Board No. 2 which included University students and the remainder of the county outside of La-
fayette.
One July 1 registrant will be classified among 10 old registrants, it was announced. Approximately 800 “S” serial numbers will be drawn, from a group ranging from S 1 to the highest number issue4 by any local draft board July 1. The serial numbers drawn by lot then will constitute a master list to be used by the local boards in assigning sequence numbers to the July 1 registrants. In this way all new registrants will be given a sequence number with their local board. ' When sequence numbers have been assigned to all new registrants, the local board will assign each of these registrants an order number to be determined by integrating the new registrants among the old in a ratio of one to 10. High School Leaders Conclude Workshop Sessions Saturday President E. C. Elliott will address one of the concluding sessions of the high school principals workshop this morning at 11 o’clock in the lounge of Cary Hall. Last night the principals met with the faculty of the workshop at a Gridiron banquet in Cary Hall, at which both “students” and instructors presented various “razz”
skits.
The workshop will close Saturday for the 30 high school principals from three states who registered two weeks ago. The direction of the school has been under Dr. Paul Rehmus formally a member of the University English faculty and now superintendent-elect of the Maywood, 0., schools. Summarization and reports on individual work and seminar group activities will be among the concluding activities of the workshop today, tomorrow, and Saturday. Members of the workshop faculty during the two-week period have been, besides Dr. Rehmus, H. L. Shibler, principal of the Euclid, (X, high school and a leader in the field of guidance; Paffl Pierce, principal of Wells high school of Chicago; Dr. T. R. McConnell, of the University of Minnesota; and Dr. C. Hj Judd, formally of the University of Chicago. In addition to the off-cam-pus instructors, numerous lectures were given by members of the UniDoc Miller's . . . Pillrollers, champions of the consumptive league, will go down to some kind of defeat tonight, it was announced yesterday by the Exponent. The Exponent team, of course, is bowling the cohorts of the good doctor tonight, and the editor and business manager said yesterday that the paper would be bordered in bla^ tomorrow if the Exponent kegglers were not victorious. The "Exponent team will be composed of anyone who can use the hunt and peck systejn on a 1919 typewriter and who can bowl 200. Applicants should apply at the Union Exponent offices today.
G. L Jenkins Will Head Pharmacy Dr. C. L. Klemme, Acting Executive, Resigns For Industrial Position Dr. Glenn L. Jenkins, professor and head of the department of pharmaceutical chemistry at the University of Minnesota, has been named as the Dean of the University School of Pharmacy, effective, with the opening of the regular academic* year next fall, it was announced yesterday by President E. C. Elliott. Dr. Jenkins, a nationally known leader in the field of pharmacy, will take over the duties that have been handled py Dr. Carl L. Klemme, as acting executive, since the death of the late Dean C. B. Jordan last April, The resignation of Dr. Klemme, effective at the end of the summer session, in order to accept a position as administrator of the experimental research laboratories of Burroughs, Wellcome & Co., Inc., Tuckahoe, N. Y., one of the largest pharmaceutical manufacturing concerns in the world, was announced yesterday. The newly appointed Dean of the School of Pharmacy, who was awarded the Ebert medal by the American Pharmaceutical Association in 1936 for the most outstanding pharmaceutical research presented before the association, is equally well known for his work in both ^aching and research. The establishments of legal standards for medicinal agents and preparations has been one of his major fields of research interest. As a member of the Revision Committee of the “Pharmacopeia of the Unite^ States,” he is_chaiiniaii of the sub - committee on reagent chemicals, while as a member of the Revision Committee of the “National Formulary” he is chairman of the committee on chemicals. Dr. Jenkins has been exceedingly active in various scientific organizations. He has been a member of the executive council of the American Phaimaceutical Association since 1938 and chairman of the council since 1939, and in addition has served as chairman of numerous committees of the organization. He is also chairman of the Section on Pharmacy of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, and a member of the American Chemical Society, as well as numerous other scientific organizations. . His interests in the teaching field have included studies in graduate work, but his chief interest has been in the development of a sound graduate program. He has taken an active interest in the work of the American Association of Colleges of Pharmacy, having served as chairman of the Conference of Chemistry Teachers and as a member of the Executive Committee. Dr. Jenkins has published approximately fifty papers in educational and scientific journals and is the co-author of a textbook, “Quantitative Pharmaceutical Chemistry,” ■which is now in its third jsdition. Another book, “The Chemistry of Organic Medicinal Products,” is now on the t)ress. A native of Sparta, Wis., Dr. Jenkins launched his pharmacy career as an apprentice in Madison, Wis. Later, he entered the University of Wisconsin where he earned (Contihued on page S)
Movie. 7:20 To Precede Magic Show International finance and, magic, two historically closely^ connected pastimes, are the professional fortes of Dr.. Paul Fleming, who presents his evening of magic tonight at 8 o’clock in the Hall of Music. Hailed nationally as the successor to , Houdini, Fleming practices the quiet trade of school teaching during the fall and winter months. In the summer he leaves the campus of the University of Pennsylvania, where he lectures on such subjects as finance, international trade, and trade-un-ionism, and travels over the country presenting his repetoire of stage illusions, pseudospiritualism, and mind reading. An added attraction to this evening’s convocation program will be a sound, technicolor "movie dramatizing the story of steel making on the Music Hall screen at 7:20 p. m. The Music Hall doors will open at 7:15. The movie is sponsored by the United States Steel Corporation and shows in detail the manufacture of steel. Tickets for tonight’s performance are on sale at the Union desks, the bookstores. Decker’s, Ford Hopkins, and Cary Hall. Adults will be admitted for 25 cents and children 12 years and under for 15 cents. Fleming’s mastery of magic preceded his more erudite interests in the field of learning. It was to further his stage career that Fleming went to Swarthmore College in 1911 to learn public speaking. A member of Phi Beta Kappa and numerous other honoraries when he graduated, he proceeded to obtain a degree of doctor of philosophy at the University of Pennsylvania, where he is now a professor of economics. Nevertheless he never gave up his professional status as a magician and has appeared before audiences in every section of the nation. ' Tonight’s artist has the unusual distinction cff being listed twice in “Who’s Who in America,” first as Paul Fleming, the magician, and second as Paul Fleming Gemmill, economist and university professor. Fleming’s entertainmnt is not the uspal exhibition of conjuring, but the most -complete produetiott" of magic in the concert field. According to cri^cal reviewers in metropolitan centers, his program is in the great tradition of Alexander Herrmann and Harry Kellar, whose delightful performances of mystery are fondly remembered by all who witnessed them. It is a strictly professional stage entertainment—^the outcome of twentyfive years of study and platform experience—^with handsome stage settings, musical, accompaniment printed programs, and all that goes, to make up a finished performance. Fleming played the “hut circuit’* in France in 1918. He has appeared repeatedly at the leading private schools, colleges, and universities, and before great public audiences throughout the United States, and has the distinction of having presented a request program in the famous East Room of the White* House before a Presidential party. Journal Features Stories Of Hog Conference Here Several stories illustrated with many pictures on the recent third National Hampshire Hog Type Conference, held at the University with more than 500 persons from 12 states attending, are contained in the current issue of the American Hampshire Herdsman magazine. The stories by the editors review the pxxiceedings of the conference and the pictures show the many activities of the Hampshire hc^ breeders and judges, taking part in discussions, judging hogs, broadcasting over WBAA, and inspecting hog carcasses.
t-V:
j4 '' }
‘ Ki 1Pi^u^ 2-~£dijtA.
Thursday, Tuly 17, 1941
PuhdusL ^xpomnL
Joie de Vivre
A sob story has just come out of Paris written by a woman correspondent telling how the Germans are having a tough time restoring the old “joie de vivre” that was supposed to characterize the French capital before the nazis so rudely walked in. We have heard stories about the mischevious little Parisians who now go about smuggling occasional croissantes and brioches, the delightful pastry that every American was sure to talk about when he returned from a stay in “Gay Paree.” It is said that now the intellectuals, the painters, the writers, the theatre idols sit sad eyed by the Paris boulevards, and nothing the Germans can do will make them raise whoopee or even a reasonable facsimile thereof. We suspect that the absence of alcohol may have as much to do with this tear-jerking state of affairs as the Germans. At any rate we cannot feel too sad when we know that Parisians are reading pro-nazi newspapers written by Frenchmen who are paid propagandists for the Germans. And French politicians join the Germans in Paris in smerking at the Republic’s “liberty, fraternity and equality” and ply their trade back and forth between Paris and that machiavellian nest of French fascists in Vichy. It may possibly be true that while Paris may never again capture the “joie de vivre of 1939,” she may also never again be so delightfully corrupt as in 1939.—J.L.T. The State Of Opinion The New York Daily News and Chicago Tribune have completed their post - card polls. Something less than a third of the persons polled responded. This is a faijj^ return for a poll of the kind, which a majority of citizens are always inclined simply to ignore. The two newspapers that made the poll are against our getting into the war, are critical of the defense program, and are extremely cool on the national policy of aid to Britain. They do not like the way the Gallup Poll was going, so they decided to have one of their o^. The result is interesting. The post-card poll, though based on a misleading question, and though limited in scope, merely verified, in a rough way, the more scientific findings of the Gallup Poll. The question asked was: “Shall the United States enter the war to help Britain defeat Hitler ?” It would not have been surprising if the vote on this phrasing had been 100 per cent “no.” For no true American wants to go to war to help Britain, unless, at the same time, and to at least as great a degree, we would be helping ourselves. The question might more properly have been: “Shall the United States go to war to defeat Hitler while we can still get help from Britain?” But the public were not disposed to quibble. They understood the issue. They voted 4 to 1 in Chicago against going to war now, and in New York, 7 to 3. The Gallup Poll, on a similar question, showed 21 per cent for going to war now—about 1 to 4. And now that opponents of the national policy have thus convinced themselves of the accuracy of the Gallup figures, it may interest them to look again at certain other recent Gallup results. Sixty-two per cent fear that if Hitler wins, he wiU attack us. Sixty-two per cent are accordingly opposed to the idea of Britain trying to make peace with Hitler. Twenty-one per cent would enter the war now, though the President himself says he still hopes to keep out; but 62 per cent woudl favor entering the wa mow if this seemed the only way to save Britain. Mfty-sS per cent want to use convoys now to deliver our aid to Britain; but if this were the only way to save Britain, the figure would be 71 per cent. Seventy-six per cent favor President Roosevelt’s foreign policies to date, though nearly a third of this number feel he has not gone far enough. And finally, 82 per cent believe we will be in the ivar before it is over.—^The Chicago Daily News.
The Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of hlfu-ch 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in Section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 29, 1922. Published daily except Monday during Uie regular academic year and bi-weekly during Summer Session Subscriptions mailed for 60 cents. PUBLICATION STAFF Editor: J. L. TBAUGOTT Bus. Mgr.: D. S. POWERS
Editorial 4005
PHONES — Business 8471
Not Enough
^ The War Department, faced with a growing demand in Congress and the press for establishment of an independent air force, recently took a Ifalfway measure. It thought up a new title for its air arm, which is now to be known as the Army Air Forces. And it created for this unit a staff of its own, patterned closely after the general staff of the Army itself. This is what War Department officials call “autonomy,” rather than independence. The status of Army aviation becomes somewhat akin to the status of the Marine Corps in the Navy. If this were a transitional step, a prelude to the real weaning of aviation from infantryman control, it would be something to cheer. But it is nothing of the sort. The fact is that Army aviation remains under the ground thumb of men schooled and steeped in the lore of ground warfare. Maj. Gen. Arnold, Chief of the Army Air Forces, remains a subordinate of the infantryman Gen. Marshall, Chief of Staff of the Army. And, able and even brilliant as we believe Gen. Marshall to be, he is surrounded by a general staff of some 408 officers of whom only 19 came up tiirough the air arm. Nmeteen out of 408! In this day and time when aviation is the paramount factor in almost every battle, that figure speaks for itself. And what it says is not reassuring. Congress ought to get busy with the hearings it has been talking about, ^and find out for the record what the experts on both sides of the independent-air-force argument have to say.— Indianapolis Times.
Co-ed registration at Eastern New Mexico college increased 12 per cent this year. _
Plans are being made for a Cornell univers-ity-Carleton college ornithological expedition to Mexico in 1941.
New York city college is making a collection of photographic discs with contemporary American poets recording their verse as soon as it has-been written. Edgar Lee Masters was a recent visitor to the campus—^reading selections from “Spoon River Anthology.”
The decade from 1910 to 1920 showed the greatest numerical population gain in any decade. The increase then was 17,064,426, compared with an increase of 8,894,299 shown in the 1940 Census.
J
Grin And Bear It
by Uchty
The Fifth Column Air marshall for the German Eeich, Herman Goering, has sort of dropped into the background these past few weeks. Until now it is rumored that he and Herr Hitler disagreed on squelching Russia and Adolph had him sent off to a camp . . . To concentrate on the problem. ♦ * And Goering was supposedly second in command, and heir to the axe of the third Reich. Just as Hess was third man in line. Proving that the bigger they come makes no difference. In addition to the fact that if you want to be friends with Austrian paper hangers you gotta wear a bullet proof vest. And shoot first. * * H< Over on this side of the Atlantic, Secretary of the Navy Frank Knox is a hollering for Adolph’s scalp All he wants is permission to sick his boys on submarines wearing mustaches Whereas, because of such an attitude Senator Burton K Wheeler is interested only in acquiring the scalp of one Frank Knox It’s no wonder the average European figures that . . . The country is overrun with Indians. * * sH Especially if he’s been to Coney Island on a hot Sunday. And seen the red skins. * * * As for us the only effort we wish to make toward the gentle art of scalping. Is getting rid of a pair of tickets to see the Cubs play •i! * * Well today’s the day they give uniforms away. And at this time we would like to suggest a line to the men who will be caught in the draft. Swiped from the old serial thrillers and going something like . . . They got me. Buddy.—dkh
‘Well, Doctor—I say it’s nothing that a good dose of salts won’t cure!—^What’s your humble opinion?”
Announce Entries (Continued from page 1) Madison, and Marjorie Williamson, West Lafayette, lyric soprano, Betty Kramei Heetei, Huntington, and Ruth Schlott, West Lafayette, coloratuia soprano, Lillie King Shaw, Lafayette, and Veronica Jordan Ricks, Lafayette, mezzo, Kathryn Burns, 1227 S Pasadena, Indianapolis, contralto, Charles Robert Potts, Vincennes, lyric tenor, Howard Manfredo, 714% Ogden street, Indianapolis, dramatic tenor; Raymond Dexter, Lafayette, Paul G Kunze, Huntington, and Eugene L Anderson, Montpelier, baritone Among the instrumental entries
Students of the poultry department at University of Connecticut discovered an egg containing a chicken embryo with four legs, four wings, two tails and two backs.
HEALTHFULLY COOL
— TODAY - FRIDAY —
HEALTHFULLY COOL
Today-Fri.-Sat.—2 Hits A FIGHT FOR LIFE... midst the giants of the forest!
AIR CONDITIONED
HELD OVER THRU SATURDAY TWO SWELL HITS
--PLUS — In no other spot on Earth does Revenge or Love flame so fiercely I
with JON HALL VICTOR McLAGLEN FRANCES FARMER
--COMING—. The Show Event of the Year! WALT DISNEY'S RELUCTANT DRAGON
RYTEX-HYLITED WEDDING INVITATIONS OR ANNOUNCEMENTS 25 '’0'^ $3 5c EACH ADDITIONAL COPY qor pleasant memories cfhoose RYTEX-HYLITED Weddings . . you'Halways remember the exquisite styling . the heavy, richlooking stock . . the final touch of perfection they added to your wedding Let us show you the entire RYTEX-HYLITED WEDDING line HAYWOOD’S "Everything for the Office" Fifth and Ferry Sts. Lafayette PHONE 4085
WBAA
FRIDAY 12:00—^Wake Up and Live 12:16—Sports Review 12:80—Meet the Band 12:46—^WBAA Presents 12:60—'Purdue News 1:00—^Ag. Forum 1:16—Music 1:30—Music 1.46—Markets 2:00—Monitor Views the Days 2:16—^A Chapter a Day 2.30—/Moods m Music—Mrs. C. W. / Hemmer 3.00— Parade of Business 3:16—Classics Matinee 3:46—Meet Your Voice 4.00— Marjorie Williamson— singer 4:16—Better Vision 4 30—^Theatre Song 4:46—Music 7:00—Concert Strings 7:30—Music of the Day
will be Nancy Uland, Bloomington, accordion, and Cecil Havens, Clayton, trombone
SATURDAY 12:00—^Wake Up and Live 12.16—^Woman Shopper 12:30—Meet the Band 12 46—^WBAA Presents 12.60—Purdue News 1:00—Radio Stage 1:30—Markets 1.46—Just Kids 2 00—^Monitor iVews the News 2*16—Carolyn Wood—singer 2 30—Albums 3.00—Stamp Club—Dicken Conner 3 16—Alberta Schmadel—singer 3 30—^The Army Speaks 3.45—Afternoon Music
HEALTHFULLY COOL
TODAY-FRI.-SAT.—
Biave
Plunge into vacation fun in... # lleih Number One to pack in your vacation luggage... Jantzen Trunks. To swim in, to sun in, to lounge in, to play in. You're sure of freedom, comfort, perfect fit, smart athletic appearance in these famous trunks...stepIn and see them.
DECKER’S
518 Main Sf.
Phone 5036nf-i '
I
f>i
ihr
-i\ 4- ” V ’
i ^ i ' ^
H Vi> ^ ^ f ^ '*' "^*4^
(PuAduiL £xfa)mnL
Thursday* July 17* 1941
Motor veliicle license fees collected in 1940 by the 48 states amounted to $887,747,000.
HanS Christian Anderson, Danish writer of children’s stories, was a successful playwright.
Thirty-one new members have been added to the famed St. Olaf college LutWran choir at Northfield, Minn,, bringing the total to 63.
The population of continental United States on April 1,1940, was 181,669,275, according to the final count of the Census.
POPCORN SACK--5C GALLON—15c Frosted Malt—Skirocket—5c
Dafs Place OPEN THIS SUMMER <
-4%
a
WhaVs in a Paint Job? Quality paint is the foremost factor in a good paint job. W^ith high quality workmanship naturally becomes better. Make your dollars go farther and last longer, also with ^'‘Pittsburgh” paint when you redecorate for summer. Inside or out Pittsburgh paint will do the job better, yet you spend no more. HUNECK'S GLASS AND PAINT CO. 826 Main St. Phone 3841
Purdue Gains No Big Ten Championships Chicago, 111., July 16.—^Thirteen Western Conference team championships were divided among six conference members in the school year of 1940-*41, with Illinois, Indiana and Michigan each winning three titles. Minnesota, with a major win in football, won two titles and Chicago and Wisconsin each one, the Badgers in basketball and Chicago in fencing. Indiana’s three titles all were' scored under track coach Billy Hayes ,in cross-country and outdoor and indoor track. Illinois, winner of the conference golf title last week, previously had claimed titles in gymnastics and in hockey. Michigan's wins were scored in baseball, swimming and tennis. Michigan, competing in ten championships, added three second places and a tie for a second. Iowa also had three seconds and Minnesota two. Northwestern had two ties for second places. Conference team champions for 1940-’41: Baseball—Michigan Basketball—^Wisconsin Cross-Country—^Indiana Fencing—Chicago Football—^Minnesota Golf—^Illinois Gymnastics—^Illinois Hockey—^Illinois Swimming—Michigan Tennis—^Michigan Track, Indoor—^Indiana Track, Outdoor—^Indiana Wrestling—Minnesota
Tin plate and terneplate production in the U. S., according to the Census, amounts to approximately 6 billion pounds, valued at nearly $300,000,000.
WHAT ADVERTHtlNG IS— —what it has done —^what it can do now The following statements on Advertising, which originally appeared in Printers’ Ink and then in The Linotype News, recently were emphasized in a handsome broadside printed and distributed by William E. Rudge’s Sons, Inc., of New York City. The statements are applicable to so many businesses and industries the The Purdue Exponent is glad to present them here, with the thought that many of our readers may be able to realize the true meaning and benefits of Advertising.
Advertising makes possible better merchandise at lower prices, thus serving the consumer and through service to the consumer creating greater demands for advertised products.
Advertising is the quickest and most economical aid in the introduction of new products added to an established line and in the introduction of improved products.
Advertising creates greater stability of production and eniployment by helping level peaks and valleys of seRsonm demand.
Advertising, by placing the manufacturer prominently before the public, encourages better styling, improved products, better packaging and other evidences of an alert and aggressive production and merchandising policy.
Advertising attracts to the advertiser the better type of employee.
8
Advertising protects the advertiser against price competition of unadvertised brands.
9
4
Advertising is a most potent force in buil^ng better public relations.
Advertising helps assure the advertiser of getting the first opportunity to accept or reject patents, suggestions and other ideas for improvements in product or policy.
Advertising contributes to better and more efficient sales management by attracting the best type of salesman, by giving the salesman a better proposition to sell, by helping the salesman conserve his time, because it has created wider and more intensive distribution, and by opening the buyers* doors that \iight otherwise be closed. . 10 Advertising is exceUent ipsurance for the trade-mark against infringers.
6. L Jenkins (Continued from page 1) the degrees of Ph. G. in 1921 and B. S. in 1922. Returning to Wisconsin as a Hollister research fellow, he received the M. S. degree in 1923 when he was appointed as assistant instructor at the institution. Continuing his graduate studies, he received the Ph. D. degree in 1926. He was called to the University of Maryland as Professor and head of the Department of Pharmaceutical Chemistry ih 1927, resigning in 1936 to accept the same position at the University of Minnesota, where he has been since that time. Dr. Jenkins is a member of Theta Chi, social fraternity; Kappa Psi, pharmacy fraternity; Rho' Chi, pharmacy honorary, which he served as president from 1930 to 1934; ^igma Xi, honorary research, and Gamma Alpha. He is also an honorary member of Phi Delta Chi, professional pharmacy, and Phi Lamda Npsilon, professional chemical. Dr. Klemme, a graduate of the Universtity of Colorado, first-joined the University staff in the fall of 1924 as assistant instructor in pharmaceutical chemistry, and has been closely identified with the development of the School of Pharmacy. Since^ he joine dthe Purdue staff, there has been approximately a fifty |per cent increase in the undergraduate student body of the pharmacy school and a significant program of graduate study has been initiated that has attracted national attention. Following a year as assistant instructor, he served as instructor from 1926 to 1928, when he was named assistant professor of pharmaceutical chemistry. In 1930 he was granted a leave of absence in order to pursue graduate work at Harvard University, and in 1932 he
Grin And Bear It
by Uchfy
CWcago'oiine* Inc. fcg U a Pat. Ott., All Bta. Ben.
“Yoo-hoo, Mrs. Garfiiikle!—^Are you cornin’ over for the 5 o’clock news summary?”
was named associate professor, and rose to the rank of full professor in 1938. Heis a member of the American Pharmaceutical Association, American Chemical Society, Sigma Xi, Kappa Psi, Alpha Chi Sigma, Phi Lambda Upsilon, and Catalyst Club. During Hie past year he has been
BALTIMORE CLOTHES SHOP 414 Main St. Phone 2873
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
Dine
Chinese and American Restaurant NU CHINA CAFE 409 Columbia St. Lafayette, Indiana
Complete Line of Greeting Cards University Book Store M. C. "Red" Sammons '29 R. W. "Doc" Epple '40
• School Supplies DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
~C <4^ W.Jli'A'FAYVETTE (R&nioL LIBRARY LATEST BOOKS - BEST AUTHORS 3c PER DAY - ^IQc AAINIMUM
engaged in the revision work of the United States Pharmacopoeia as a member of the sub-committee on organic chemicals, and in the revision of the National Formulary as a member of the sub-committee on inorganic chemicals. For several years he has been chairman of the Committee on Pharmacy Predictive and Achievement Tests in the American Association of Colleges of Pharmacy.
Louis Lowe
. . . ’28, and his orchestra played last night at the opening of the 1941-’42 Indianapolis Purdue Club season. It was an informal dance on the roof garden of the Hotel Severin.
* ^i^inituukfiiaDsmon nyme einn
'yoiVL QompMA. Oailijl The Purdue Exponent Get your subscription to the Exponent now, avoid late rush, errors, inconveniences.
It will be a larger paper than ever before. • It will have complete world and national news coverage. • It will have complete campus coverage. Phone Your Subscription for the 1941-42 Paper to the Exponent Office, 4005
H:
s
^ .iiiiittiiiiiiiiiiirMMiititriiiii
;:iir
•■:■ V"^
Hi:,'
ILtl-
Thuradajr, July 17, 1941
fijuhdusL £3^whanL
Purdue
Presents the
LANNY ROSS
Popular Radio Tenor
of WGN as Master of Ceremonies
CHORAL GROUPS From All Over Indiana
LANNY ROSS
BATON iwiRLERS
SOLO
An opportunity to hear and see one of Radio’s m ost popular personaiities, to see the best baton twirlers in Indiana in action on the Hall of Music
/
Doors Open at 7:15^^ SATURDAY, JULY 19, 8:00 P M.
Admission 75g
No Reserved Seats
Children 25c