* t
This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning But Monday By Studrats Of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
THURSDAt May 19,1938 loiayette, buficmcr VOL. 49 No. 183
Gimlet Club Selects Carl Swan For President At Meeting Last Night
Horner, Harper Also Chosen For Offices Student Athletic Association Vice President Carl T. Swan last night won the position of Gimlet Club president in a closely contested election held after a dinner meeting of the club at the Delta Upsilon house. Other officers elected by members of this athletic booster honorary are Eobert H. Horner and Robert S. Harper, who were chosen for the jobs of vice president and secretary treasurer respectively. Swan In ME School Carrying a junior card in the mechanical engineering school, Carl Swan is a member of Phi Delta Theta fraternity and this year received a major letter in basketball. This letter award makes him ineligible for SAA senior office next year. Bob Horner, elected football manager last Spring, is a member of Phi Kappa Psi fraternity and a junior in the electrical engineering school. Bob Harper lives in the Alpha Gamma Rho house on the other side of the campus and is an agriculture junior. This year he filled the position of Union vice-president. Peters Will Talk Today For ACbS Dr. F. N. Peters, Jr., director of research of the Quaker Oats Company, will speak before the American Chemical Society at 7:30 p. m. today in room 106 of the Chemistry Building on “The Development of Furfural.” As manager of sales for Quaker Oats Company, Dr. Peters has had experience in industrial as well as research work, where his chief interests are Grignard reagents and the chemistry of furfan compounds. Preceding the, meeting will be a dinner in honor of Dr. Peters in the Union ballroom at 6 p. m. Sheets To Receive ASCE Membership Frank T. Sheets, CE ’38, was selected by the Illinois section of the ASCE to receive a complimentary junior membership in the society. The presentation will be made at a luncheon meeting in the Chicago Engineers’ Club Friday noon. Similar awards will be made to outstanding senior civil engineers from Armour, Illinois, Lewis Institute, Northwestern, and Rose Polytechnic. Albert Smith, a former professor of structural engineering at Purdue, is a member of the educational committee in charge of the " annual awards. Chemical Engineers Unite With Faculty At Banquet Chemical engineers and the chemical eng'ineering faculty joined forces last night at the annual sen-ior-faculty banquet, sponsored by Catalyst Club, in the faculty lounge of the Union Building. Speeches by Chemical Engineering Head J. L. Bray, representing the faculty, and Herb Wiegandt, ChE ’38, representing the graduating seniors, were featured on the evening’s program under the guidance of Ed Blair, ChE ’38, who served in the capacity of toastmas- ' ter. Additional entertainment was provided in the form of several selections by the University quartette, Fred Baase’s performance' on the xylophone, and songs by Don Bowden. Dance Group, •. . . members will be hostesses for next year’s Dance Ssnnposium. The local group was selected at the Indiana organization’s annual meeting held recently in Terre *0aute.
Carl Swan
Clyde Lucas, Dons To Present Music At Cary Club Dance Coming direct from Baker Hotel in Dallas, Tex., Clyde Lucas and his California Dons will present their syncopated rhythms for the entertainment of the members and the guests of Cary Club tomorrow evening at their annual spring formal dance. • Being held in the Union ballroom, the alfair will have the privilege of the extended hours of 8:30 to 12:30 o’clock. Playing 72 instruments, the band includes in its repertoire many popular, Hawaiian, classical, and balladic numbers. Another feature of the orchestra is the group known as “Seven Singing Violins,” which has also added to the national popularity of this band. According to the dance committee, approximately 350 bids have been issued. However, thirty of these are invitations to faculty members. ASHE Elects Cope Honorary Chairman Members of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers elected the following officers at a meeting held last night in the Mechanical Engineering Building: honorary chairman, Professor W. J. Cope; student chairman, C. E. Clutter; first vicepresident in charge of programs, J. D. Bowen; second vice-president in charge of membership, D. W. Herr; and third vice president in charge of publicity, W. B. Wolverton. A short series of motion pictures and talk by Professors Hoffman, Cope, and Young, ex-honorary chairman, comprised the main events of the program. Thirty-five members attended the meeting. YWCA Chooses Spot For Retreat Picnic Kickapoo Falls was chosen for a letreat picnic Saturday afternoon, at a YWCA executive meeting yesterday afternoon in the Union office. Miss Clare Coolidge, faculty advisor, presided at the meeting. Plans for the YWCA Geneva district conference, to be held at Lake Geneva, Wis., from June 21 to 29, were also discussed. All girls may attend the Lake Geneva camp where time will be divided between study, worship, and recreation. Discussion groups on politics and personal relations will be one aspect of study. Recreation includes swimming, boating, horesback riding, tennis, and golf.
Indiana Weather
Six Students Turn In SAA Petitions ; When the SAA petition period closed last night at 5:30 p. m., only isix petitions for the two offices open had been turned in. R. M. McGhee and W. D. Yeoman, both juniors, applied for the position of senior secretary, while the following sophomores are competing for the two offices of junior vice-president: R. W. Viehe, H. Frazee, R. A. Stapleton, and D. N. Rice. All students are eligible to vote in the Union lobby tomorrow from 8 a. m. to 6 p. m. Presentation of passports is the only requirement. PSA Group To Vote On Foreign Policy At a regular fortnightly meeting at 7 p. m. today in room D of the Union, the Purdue Student Alliance will vote on a policy of AmWican foreign affairs, as suggested by the American Student Union. The purpose of the vote is to see whether the Alliance will back a plan of collective security for all nations or a plan of isolated neutrality for the United States. In addition, officers for the coming year will be elected, and plans for a picnic to be held on Saturday will be completed. Officials state that those who wish to go on the picnic should sign up at the meeting or call Helen Howard for reservations. Eli Lilly Representatives Will Interview Seniors Representatives of Eli Lilly and Company of Indianapolis will be on the campus today to interview senior men and women and to give a lecture at 4 o’clock on “How to Secure Employment.” The representatives, E. H. Adriane and Miss Irma Gloyd, will talk in the faculty lounge of the Union. From 1:30 to 3:30 they will interview seniors who have made appointments, in Dean H. E. Enders’ office. Seniors interested in appointments may inquire this morning in Dean Enders’ office. Ruth Glunt Elected
Thomas Wolfe Will Make Address On 'Writing And Living' At Dinner Tonight
New Independent Editors, Staff Will Banquet Tomorrow Recently elected editors of the Purdue Independent for 1938-39 will be installed into office at a banquet for Independent workers tomorrow night at 6:30 in the faculty lounge of the Union. Retiring Editor-in-Chief David Meacham will be toastmaster, and Dr. and Mrs. E. C. Elliott will be guests of honor. Two issues of the Independent have already been published by the new staff. William Feldman is Edi-tor-in-Chief for the coming year,' and he will be assisted by a board of managing editors consisting of R. H. Elliott, D. P. Smith, G. J. Tafel, D. G. .Terrio, and R. L. Jenkins. Helen Steffee, co-ed editor; Edward W. Hackney, business man-^ ager; P. A. Phillips, advertising manager; and M. M. Shendler, circulation manager, complete the managerial staff. Invitations have been mailed to all Independent workers and their guests. Debris To Select Editors May 26 “The 1938-39 staff of the Debris will be elected Thursday, May 26, in the Debris office in the Union,” stated Debris Business Manager, Arthur Siebenthal last night. W. A. Bodden, University inventory supervisor; T. R. Johnston, University publicity director; and Prof. J. H. McKee, of the English department, will serve on the electoral committee along with the four senior Debris officers. Offices of the editor-in-chief, business manager, co-ed editor, and photograph editor will be filled. The junior offices will also be filled at the same election.
Thomas Wolfe
Actors, Debaters Unite Tomorrow At Annual Banquet Terminating the year’s activities, Playshop, all forensic groups, and the senior staff members of WBAA are collaborating tomorrow night to present their annual Stage-Stump-Studio banquet in the Home Economics cafeteria. Dr. William Sandford, former speech staff head at Illinois, has been engaged as principal speaker, Dr. Sandford, who is now editor-in-chief of a Pontiac, 111., newspaper, will talk on “Thirty Thousand Words a Day—With Gestures.” The supporting program will feature Russ Mock at the piano and songs by Benny Burns. Keys, medals, and shingles will be awarded, and the various organizations will announce their officers for the coming year. Music has been arranged to provide dancing throughout the evening. Meredith Club To
Phurmecisf Editor Debris Distribution... Solect Nbw Offlcers
Ruth Glunt will act as editor-in-chief on the 1938-39 staff of the Purdue Pharmacist following an election last night in the Pharmacy Building. Other officers chosen to fill the remaining positions are: M. W. McKinney advertising manager; C.C. Clifton, business manager; and William Giles, circulation manager.
. . . began three days ago and will continue at peak output at least until the end of this week. Twelve hundred copies have already been distributed, and 1450 more are yet to be called for. The remaining copies of the 50th anniversary issue may be obtained any afternoon from 4 to 5 p. m. in the Debris of-
fice.
Senior Women Life Secrets Told At Snoopers Banquet
Forecast for Indiana: Local showers today and probably tomorrow. Cooler tomorrow and cooler in extreme northwest portion today. Yesterday’s Temperatures: High, 76; low, 61; mean, 68.5.
By A Snooper About 75 senior women stood the strain last night of having their life secret revealed at the Senior Snoopers banquet. After the revelation of hidden secrets of 119 fellow seniors, Margaret Richey, chief snooper, received her just roasting as the entire group collaborated with “Buy all your candy at Kienly’s.” To Lorna McLeod, who is finishing her major “union project” June 13, went the wedding ring, as Jeanne Janopsek received the old maid’s thimble. Bonnie Raber, absent, was presented with the pin cushion, while Katie Hochstetler, also absent, received the horse shoe as the senior girl with the luckiest breaks. To the girl with the biggest line, Katie Cromer, went the tin shovel. Jennie Bosco, apple polisher, received an unpolished apple. Marty Cassel was given the necessary implement to blow her own horn in the hereafter. Twine To String Men For Ruth Bartlett there was a big ball of twine to string her men with. To Louise Bain, the girl with the most suckers went the fishing pole. Said Snooper Richey, “Bain leaves
the Sigs to the junior anglers. They’ll (the Sigs) bite on anything. To absent Alice Parlon went the pipe. “Her usual one is lined with silver,” said the snooper. Quoting from the banquet paper “Petie is the shining example of quality but no quantity . . . remember ‘Light’ may be dangerous to ‘Forsters’.” “Was Mable Campbell pledged ttt Catalysts ? “Sadler won’t have to wait the usual year to get his. Masters.” Lousy with puns the evening did not miss' the usual Martenet pun which came across “Quit Stallings.” Sardines For Committee To the snooping committee went a .can of sardines to be divided aml^ng Janice Burch, Annabelle Clawson, Jeanne Janousek, Janet Martin, Dora May Patterson, Fay Pendergrass, Margery Lewis, and Jean' Whitney. “For being fish enough to reveal their names,” said their chief. To Dotty Coan went thanhs as the chajrman in chargee of the dinner; Peg Dix Vas in charge of ticket sale; Catherine Elizabeth Pyke was in charge of publicity.
Election of officers of the Virginia C. Meredith Club, Home Economics organization, will be held tomoi'row at 4 in the Home Ecbnomics auditorium. Candidates selected by the nominating committee are: for president, Mary Jean Sefton and Martha Moorehead; for vice-president, the second highest ranking candidate for president; for secretary-treas-urer, Eleanor Frink and Barbara Warren. Nominations may be made from the floor in addition to this list of candidates. Junior, senior, and faculty advisors will be announced at this time. All co-eds who have paid at least one semester’s dues are entitled to vote according to Nina DeWitt, outgoing president. Prof. Murphy To Talk At WSGA Meeting Tuesday Professor C. B. .Murphy, of the history, economics, and government department, will speak on current events at the WSGA mass meeting to be held in the faculty lounge on Tuesday at 4:15 p. m. Professor Murphy will conduct an informal discussion after hia talk and will try to answer any questions. Mary Alice Learning, the new president, arranged the meeting. She will introduce the recently elected officers, cabinet members, and executive board.
Faculty Meeting The regular monthly meeting of the faculty will be held on Monday, May 23, at 4 p. m. in Stanley Coulter Hall. A full attendance is expected. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, President.
Prof. Creek To Make Awards, Pres. Elliott To Be Toastmaster “Writing and Living” will be the subject of Thomas Wolfe tonight in his address to those assembled at the Literary banquet, which will begin at 6:30 in the Union ballrooih. Drawing from his own experiences, he will give an account of a writer’s works, beliefs, and convictions about writing. Wolfe, in a letter concerning the banquet, wrote that he had been working hard lately and said, “I am approaching it in a kind of holiday spirit, and with a sense of anticipation. In fact, I think it is going to give me the stimulus and relief of a much-needed change.” Pres. Elliott Toastmaster ' President E. C. Elliott will preside as toastmaster for thg dinner; and Prof. H. L. Creek, head of the English department, will announce the winners of prizes in the various campus literary contests. The awards include three silver cups and seven cash prizes, totaling $285. The banquet is under the auspices of the English department, and tickets for the affair may be obtained at Deac’s, Southworth’s, Decker’s, and the office of the English department in University Hall, for 75 cents. Freemen Announces Completion Of Plans For Judging Contest Plans for the 22nd annual freshman livestock judging contest on Saturday were announced recently by Assistant Dean V. C. Freeman, of the school of agriculture. The contest will be sponsored by Hoof and Horn club, student animal husbandry organization. Ninety-three freshmen of the school of agriculture have qualified to enter the contest. The Dean J. H. Skinner medal will be awarded to the individual compiling the largest number of points. Another medal will also be given to the run-ner-up. These and other presentations will be made at a smoker Saturday evening in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. S. W. Milligan, Wayne county agricultural agent, has been engaged as the principal speaker for the occasion. Ceres Club Installs Officers At Meeting At the last regular meeting of Ceres Club, agricultural honorary, Tuesday, the following officers were elected and installed: C. H. Seuferle, president; W. L. Lambert, vice-president; W. L. SneUing, secretary; and R. L. Horner, treasurer. An informal discussion of the summer plans of each member of the club was held, after which refreshments were served. Faculty members who attended the meeting included: Dean M. L. Fisher, Prof. F. E. Robbins, Piof. G. H. Cutler, M. O. Pence, and L. E. Allison. Ludberg Announces New Co-op House Will Open J. Ludberg, ChE ’39 and president of the Purdue Co-op Association, announced last night that a new operative house will be opened up shortly. The opening of this new co-op offers the only chance this spring to enter a co-operative house. All men interested in this house are invited by Ludberg to attend a meeting to be held in the WeateY Foundation house lH>aighf at 8:8!8>iiiiifeil
RnMpnip
|v
L"^
£dibfdaL
THE PUBDOE EXPONENT
dlumcfi.
Thursday, May 19, 1938
Jha £djHoA SfOi^A: Frosh Painters... . . . have been at work again . . . this time lettering their class numeral ’41 on the South side of Purdue Hall. We wonder what their object is in this; w^e’re curious as to w^hether it’s the old competitive spirit betw^een sophomore and freshmen chopping out again, or whether it’s just a boyish attempt to annoy the University. If the latter incentive is responsible for the rather crude artwork, the trouble has rather boomeranged back to the hands of the underclassmen. True, the University has been vexed, but not nearly so seriously as Skull and Cres-; cen and Green Potters, the two underclass organizations. When the fresh paint became too objectionable a short while ago, the University merely directed these groups to take care of The removal of all numerals. So, after all, instead of plaguing the University or competing between classes, it seems to us that the only result has been trouble for the troublemakers’ classmates. As Dean Fisher has suggested these classmates might do a little snooping for their own good, and if successful in this detective work instill a little righteous fear into the hearts of the offenders .. . by the old-fashioned paddle method, perhaps.
Congratulations
... to the new Student Union officers, President Gordon Matthews, Executive Ted Cabonargi, Activities Chairman Sully Mason, and Co-ed Executive Phyllis Crossman. We hear that they have already started their year in a big w^ay exceeding all previous Union senior boards in their initial endeavors. In the past couple of years we’ve seen the Union constantly widening the scope of its services to students. We’ve seen this process make necessary the addition of a fourth senior job, and we have seen a book exchange, an activities bureau, and things like hobby clubs develop through the efforts of the Union, either alone or in cooperation with other student organizations. Now, we’re confident that these new “seniors” with the help of their vice-presidents and Avorkers will keep up the good work, will not neglect to keep up the trend of progress.
the Purdue Exponent
MEM SKA
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscription $3 per year; by mail $3.50.
. Editor-In-Chief
Business Managrer
H. I. Stanback
R. R. Hensler
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor - L. S. Hardin City Editor ........D. A. Bailey Associate Editors....G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson Editor’s Secretary Margaret Sawyer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager ....M, C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager....... ,...W. F, Berg Sales Manager ^ V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager W. E. Smith Art Director D. J. Henninger CO-ED STAFF Editor Sally McKee Associate Editors Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor —R. L. McDonald Associate Editors....... J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard MAIN OFFICE 812 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 5037 Business Phone 5038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. • ’ Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Houston Issue Editor—Burkhardt Thursday, May 19, 1938
Indiana’s Daily Student, . . . . , recently published in its editorial column the following sideline on last Friday’s baseball game. Are you interested? The most popular song during baseball season is “Take Me Out to the Ball Game.” Umpire Jensen could have changed it to “Take Me Out OF the Ball Game” at the Purdue-Indiana baseball tilt Friday afternoon.
oolldgiat®
By Mary Cooley Hanover College students rebelled against daylight saving time because they don’t like to start before dark on 8 o’clock dances. So the College returned to central standard time five days after adopting daylight saving. An all-college vote defeating the time schedule 3-1 was the result of student petitions to the college administration. Another heavy objection was the conflict with city time. Jk 515 “What price marriage?” is a vital problem at the University of British Columbia. And such a variety of prices named. One hundred dollars a month is far from sufficient, according to the majority of students, although $150 would be almost enough for many anxious young boys and girls. A fraternity man expressed the opinion that a boy shouldn’t consider getting married “until he can afford a car and a maid. I for one refuse to stay home and do the dishes. A marriage won’t last unless you can continue the kind of life you have been living with your parents. The opinion of women students was for devoting the first year or two after graduation to “seeing life” before settling down. The editor of the Ubyssey, campus newspaper,, said he believed in love “in a garret, and that anybody should be able to live on $130 a month.” * * » Jf Date bureaus curtail divorces, according to Mrs. Evelyn Millis Duvall, executive director of the Chicago Association for Child Study and Parent Education. She based her opinions on the belief that the broadening of acquaintance between the sexes tended to reduce “marriage grabs in the dark.” Such grabs occur all too frequently because of limited possibilities of mate selection. Limited numbers of acquaintanceships between the sexes “have a tendency to aggregate situations in which the young persons marry their own weaknesses just to make themselves feel better.” Likewise Mrs. Duvall believes the “date classes” for boys, now being conducted *^in Atlanta, Ga., High
Boilermaker ^ine Second In Big Ten Purdue’s fighting baseball team dropped into second place in the Big Ten standings when they lost to the Indiana squad, 3-2, in a 12inning battle at Bloomington last Friday. The Boilermakers are now a full game behind the league-lead-ing Hoosiers, whose scheduled game with Illinois Tuesday was postponed on account of wet grounds. With Purdue playing a two-game series with the fifth-place Ohio: State squad and the Indiana nine facing the third-place Wisconsin Badgers in two games, this weekend promises to be a crucial point in the title race. The Big Ten standings are: W. L. Pet. Indiana ; 5 1 .833 PURDUE 4 2 : .667 Wisconsin 5 3 .625 Iowa 3 2 .600 Ohio State 4 3 .571 Illinois 3 3 .500 Chicago 2 2 .500 Minnesota .1.:.:.. ;.. 2 5 .286 Michigan 2 5 .286 Northwestern 2 6 .250 ‘^Current Events. ... at a Glance” will be the subject of a talk to be given by Prof. Frank R. Hall, of the history, economics, and government department, tomorrow night at 7:30 in room B of the Union. Hall’s talk is in connection with the adult education program, and officials in charge invite all who are interested to attend.
School, would tend to prevent mai’ital troubles if adopted as part of the public school curricula throughout the nation. The inclusion of dancing as part of the regular high school program is another “hopeful sign,” she saij. * *. * * When the three sisters of King Zog of Albania — Myzejen, Ruble, and Maxhilde—arrived in New York recently and announced flatly to astounded Manhattan newshounds that they were not interested in American husbands but in American Girl Scouts, they were accompanied by Asim Jakova, a Brown University graduate and a Member of Parliament.
League Standings NATIONAL LEAGUE Won Lost Pet. New York 19 5 .792 Chicago , 15 12 .555 Pittsburgh ^... 13 11 .542 Cincinnati ............ 13 11 .542 St. Louis 12 12 .500 Boston 11 11 .500 Brooklyn... 10 18- .357 Philadelphia 5 16 .238 Yesterday’s Results Chicago 4, New York 2. St. Louis 12, Brooklyn 4. Boston 2, Pittsburgh 1 (14 in’gs) Cincinnati-Philadelphia (rain).
AMERICAN LEAGUE Won Lost Pet. Boston 16 8 .667 Cleveland 17 9 .653 New York 15 9 .625 Washington 17 12 .586 Chicago 8 11 .421 Detroit ...10 14 .417 Philadelphia 7 16 .304 St. Louis ................ 7 18 .280 Yesterday’s Results Cleveland 7, Philadelphia 2. Washington 5, Detroit 1. \ New York 11, St. Louis 7. Boston-Chicago (rain).
The order of Military Merit, an ROTC award, was given for the first time, at a Massachusetts Institute of Technology review this month.
Thirty Wellesley College seniors are writing novels as part of their work in an English course.
ARC
TODAY — FRI. — SAT.
C^pL
• i II A dlAHO ““Also—— ‘PAINTED STALLION” No. 10
FOUND IN THE UNION . . . ... a picture of Indiana’s Corby Davis dressed in his All-American football sweater, and dedicated to Georgann Schilling. FOOTBALL LOVER . . ; ... Schilling seems to be transferring her active interest in the Purdue team to the material produced by Indiana. Some girls are like that. My girl must be an alchemist And so I’ll have to drop her; For every time I take her out, My silver turns to copper. —mini. TRADITIONS . . . . . . Why not remove the cross in the Union lobby and replace it with a WELCOME mat, or, better still, place a NOTICE sign on the bronze plaque ? ruth HALL. .. . . . the Theta Shylock, has compiled the true definition of the TYPICAL Purdue co-ed but will not publicize her formula. This is not to be mentioned.
OLD ENGLISH BALLAD ... ^ _I__ A girl; A lake A canoe, _II_ A water lily Out of reach Wading by two. —swiped. MARS PASSES ... . . . to the person that can tell where the four pennies are hidden. Leave j the information and your name in the box at the Union desk. Ranking Tennis Stars To Play Here Tomorrow Top ranking tennis stars will take oyer the women’s tennis courts tomorrow at 3:30 p. m. for exhibition matches in singles and nTixed doubles. A single match will be first on the program, with Miss Catherine Wolf, 10th in the national ranking of women players and first in the western division, opposing Olan Parks, 5th ranking in junior singles, in the Western Tennis Association. In a second exhibition match at 4:30, Miss Wolf and Parks will play doubles against Virginia Baxter, University junior, and her partner, Leo Brodsky.
STARTS TODAY 2 FIRST RUN HITS! A Laughling, Singing Daredevil of the Wilds!
—Plus— LOVE ON A DIME! It’s Romance up-to-the Minute! SALESLADY with ANNE NAGEL WELDON HEYBURN
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lickty
‘Hello, Ma—it was a great fight-—I’m glad I won—we’ll be right home!”
What, Where, When?
By Georgann Schilling Perhaps in your search for graduation gifts you have considered the idea of giving stationery, but wondered about the correct kind to give. For his social correspondence, the man of good taste Uses plain white, unruled notepaper, with envelopes to match. He does not use tinted
stationery or writing paper with a “fabric” finish. He dislikes monograms and wants simply his initials stamped in heavy block type at the top of the sheet. It is not permissible to use business or office stationery for social purposes. It is however, permissible to use hotel notepaper for correspondence if personal stationery is not available. As men do not use monograms on their social stationery, they niay use their initials stamped at the top of the first page or a combination of their initials and the address.
Here’s drama that strikes close to every American home...a picture that answers the ques. tions even parents dare not ask! WARNER BROS, present
TODAY - FRI. - SAT. DOUBLE FEATURE 5AVAGI 'ji
HASSSS ' '
The '-•s'®"
ha*
„ LoU o n *• I ,
/Ik- m ah- f® “ ‘^r'KAcLAG'-^^
^ ®' Fox Viv'l
^20thC.nWrU .
*** !?«««»■ •
2 DAYS
nyivL
Thursday. May 19. 1938
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
ioileriEiaker ISine iefeats DePauw Tigers, 10-4
Davismen Take Ward Baseball Championship Closing the season without a defeat in 10 games, the House of Davis (Ward 2X) walloped Ward 13 by a score of 17 to 2 on Russell Field yesterday afternoon to capture the ward baseball championship. Davismen scored heavily in every inning except the fifth when, with the game on ice, the first three men up to bat deliberately made out in order to end the game as quickly as possible in the rapidly gathering dusk.
Devaney Stars Pitcher Bill Devaney starred for the winners with a home run and two doubles and by striking out eight men—including the first six men up in the last two innings Pitcher Gripe attempted to walk Devaney in his fourth time at bat, and Bill was put out at first base after he lunged sidewise to hit one of Gripe’s balls This baseball title gives the Davismen two championships during the current school year and places them out in front in ward team totals They won the softball crown last fall, were semi-finalists in the basketball tournament and then won baseball top honors—in the on ly three athletic leagues they entei ed
Isenbarger, rf Totals Ward 13 Patterson, p, c Goldsberry, lb. If Price, cf Kumpf, If, p Rensberger, ss Stucky, 3b Jenkins, 2b Wagner, 2b Johnson, c Smith, lb Mickewich, rf Gripe, p Totals House of Davis Ward 13
26 AB 4 3 3 2 3 2 2 1 1 1 1 1
11 H 1 0 0 2 1 0 1 0 0 0 0 0
17 R 1 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
24
) 2
364 40—17 200 00— 2
Davismen Egnatz, ss Manion, If Bariett, c Devaney, p Kochlas, cf DeReamer, lb Gorem, 3b Downey, 2b Blume, rf
AB 3 3 3 4 3 3 4 1 0
Home Runs—Devaney, Kumpf
Gym Lockers Men’s Gsnmnasium locker holders are to return key, lock, and towel not later than June 11, 1938 No deposits will be returned after this date R C Woodworth, Athletic Director
MYS JEWELRY COMPANY Eos! Side oi Sqore Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Beeksferes
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H.G.RES^9ER
SOUTHWORTH'S Everything for the Purdue Student • Brefessienal The Blflk Dental CBssSc mt. PAtn. A. KI8K D&. BASOUD BESK DB. BOSBKT S. BISX SB. S.UTHBR A. K3I»
4th & Mcdn
nKme 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1191/2 Vine West Lcdoyette Phone 4965
• jewelry
R. J. BATH ^atch Maker 605 Mam Street
R.C.EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Feny St Oppoelte Poet Office
Lecksmifh
"C" CARTER BICYCLE RENTALS Open Evenings Ph 2291 State-Mean W L e ShQe Repair BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop la tha VARSITY BOOT SHOP
e Florist
Domer's Flower Shop Qpahty Flowers
Mam at 7 th
Phone SOSO
e Hardware
Edgerion Hdwe. Inc. Garden Seed — Plants — Tools and Supplies West Lafayette • Auto Rental RENT A CAR Drive It Yourself THAYER'S GARAGE Across from Meffiodist Cffittieh WEST LAFAYETTE
Printing
P
RINTINC
SUDDEN SERVICE
^Offlca StoUoaanr. Wadding InvIiaUant
►hone -
CASSEL S 4«FEiwy
Letnen Favored To Win Low Hurdles In Conference Meet Bob Lemen, who won Purdue’s only place in last year’s Big Ten track meet, is again the Boilermakers’ strongest contender in the con ference meet, which will be held at Columbus, O, tomorrow and Saturday Last year Lemen led over the final hurdle of the 220-yard low barriers in the Big Ten meet only to stumble, permitting two men to finish ahead of him This year Lemen is favored to win the race, with Gedeon of Michigan and Robinson of Illinois expected to give him a battle for honors in this event Both Lemen and Gutting are expected to be contenders in the high hurdles With Knapp, Bodeau, Luther and Simmons also given a chance to ring up points, Purdue’s prospects for the Big Ten meet seem much blighter than they have been in recent years Golf Squad Plays At Iowa Saturday Enroute to the Big Ten champion ships at Minneapolis starting Monday, the Boilermaker golf squad will stop off at Iowa City to play an 18 hole match with the Hawk eyes and the Hoosieis who are also journeying to Minneapolis Either Northwestern, Minnesota, 01 Illinois is expected to cop team honois in the championships next week John David, star Boileimak er, took third place last year and is expected to do at least as well this yeai River Swim Men desiring to enter river swim please sign up on I-M bulletin board —CLEVETT
Chicago Tennis Squad Favored In Big Ten Meet Heralded as one of the outstand mg college squads in the country, Chicago’s undefeated tennis team is topheavy favorite to cop the Big Ten tennis tournament, which will be held on the Northwestern University courts in Evanston today, Friday, and Saturday With the exception of Northwestern, which has won a singles match, the Maroon team has scored shutout victories over each of its op ponents Brothers John and Charles Shostrom and the Murphy twins. Bill and Chet, hold down the four top positions on the Chicago squad The Murphys will de:l^nd the conference doubles crown which they won last year -Teammate Rivals John Shostrom and Captain Marvin Wachman of Northwestern are expected to renew a standing rivally in a battle for the individual championship Shostrom has defeated his Wildcat rival twice this spring in very close matches Northwestern has won all of its matches except the two with Chicago, and expects to rank high in the final standings The Wildcat squad will feel the absence of the Ball brothel s, seeded high in conference rankings of past years, who were graduated last spring Fresh from two victoiies over the week end, the Boilermakers will leave for Evanston today with their hopes bolstered Wakefield, Tray lor. Blitz, Fuente, and Gardner will cany the Puidue colors at this Big Ten championship tournament To Nominate Players Each team will nominate a player for each of the six singles andthiee doubles divisions The team trophy will be awarded to the winner of the No 1 single division
At the beginning of the 1938 39 school yeai, all Yale University fieshmen will be housed together.
asT that FIFTY CENTS to Deac Soufhwortli or the Union Desk
for your
Summer Session PURDUE EXPONENT
-f)notlet 0tL^Lna.tLon... comlyinin^ tie leii j^edtutei oj^ ^u^dnk 'Tie-Klip andTie ^Idin TY-SWING U, SWANK
!ere is, truly, a remarkable innovation . ithe Swank TY-swiNG holding the tie securely, as does the tie-klip, yet allowing the tie to swing freely and drape gracefully, in the manner of the Swank cravat chain The diagram shows just how this is accomplished TY-SWING IS available at leading jewelers’, department stores and men’s shops . Personalized with Modern or Gothic initials, as illustrated, as j-i nn well as plain without initials, at ^l.ilU % BACH SWANK PRODUCTS, INC. • ATTLEBORO, MASS
Higgins Removed From Mound In First Inning With Pinched Shoulder Muscle Playing in a field still wet and muddy from Tuesday’s hard rain, the Boilermaker baseball nine gave a demonstration of their unusually fine hitting power and smashed out 13 hits in eight innings to defeat the DePauw Tigers, 10-4, here yesterday afternoon in the last contest of a three game senes with the Methodist school
DePauw opened the game at bat, obtaining three hits and three runs from pitchdr Gerry Higgins When the sixth man to face him hit for two bases, a brief consultation with Coach Fehring, and trainer Lon Manp revealed that Higgins suf fered from a pinched shoulder muscle and he was removed Pitchmg against Butler last week, Higgins demonstrated unusually good form in holding the Bulldogs to no hits for the first six innings Mangas Takes Mound Carrol Mangas assumed the fiurling duties and proceeded to strike out the fiist four men to face him Purdue came to Bat in the first inning with the score standing 3-0 against them Heaine and Dickinson, first two up were both walked Stamm, third up, hit a fine single Hearne attempting to score, was put out at home, while Dickinson advanced to third base on the toss Mackiewicz, next Purdue batter up, connected and sent the ball to right field where it was muffed by the receiver Dickinson and Stamm both scored on the error, as Mackiewicz, endeavoring to stretch the play into a home run, slipped in the mud off third base and was tagged before he reached home plate Dean then hit a double, and Thompson received three called strikes to re tire the side and end the inning 3 2 in favor of DePauw Thompson Walks With two outs in the thud inning, Thompson was walked, advanced to second on another walk, and scoied on a single to make it even at thiee all Pui due bi oke out with a hitting spiee in the fifth and sixth, scoiing thiee luns m each inning on hits by Waling, Mangas, Thompson, and Mackiewicz DePauw was held scoreless by Mangas and Wainei who replaced hrm m the srxth, untrl the erghth rnnrng when they scored on a srngle Purdue obtained one more run in then half of the eighth and proceeded to hold the Tigei squad hit less in its last chance at bat, to win by the scoie of 10-4 * Box score
Zouaves Close Season; Elect F, Hurst Captain Closing a season of drill this week which included nine exhibitions and innumerable practices, the Purdue Order of Zouaves elected officers for the coming year The new officers are Frank Hurst, captain, Robert Cohen, first lieufenant, R R Hannas, second lieutenant, C J Echterhng, first sergeant, and L V Teeter staff sei geant
IntromuTols
ALL-CAMPUS TENNIS —Todaj — R Frye vs Monger or Powell
CLASS ‘A’ DOUBLES Sigma Nu vs Beta Theta Pi
CLASS ‘B’ DOUBLES Pi Kappa Phi vs (Beta Theta Pi or Phi Delta Theta ) Phi Sigma Kappa vs (Delta Upsilon or Theta Chi)
WARD TENNIS Zahn vs Keed 01 Dai row E Short vs F Silva J H Johnson vs McGrath or Stine D C Meyer vs Billings or Benduie
BASEBALL —Today— Diamond 2—SAE vs Winnei (Phi Delta Theta vs Alpha Gamma Rho ) 4—Beta Theta Pi vs Loser (Phi Delta Theta vs Alpha Gamma Rho) 6—Acacia vs Winner (TEP \b AKL)
FACULTY GOLF —Today— Phillips vs L W Seiple G Susie vs M L Clevett Bell vs L’Heureux Wileman vs E Shapiro
DePauw
AB
R
H
Meikle, 2b
5
1
1
Purdue
AB
R
Russell, 3b
3
0
1
Heaine, 2b
4
0
Randels, rf
3
2
0
Dickinson, cf
3
1
Clinton, lb
3
0
0
Stamm, If
5
1
Lundy, If
3
1
0
Mackiewicz, 3b
4
1
Mackie, ss
4
0
3
Dean, if
4
1
Levy, cf
3
0
1
Thompson, if
4
2
Bavasi, c
3
0
0
Doan, lb
0
0
Bailey, c
1
0
0
Waling, lb
3
2
Armstrong, p
2
0
0
Ai t Bi edewatei, c
5
1
Cooper, p
1
0
0
Mangas, p
4
1
Knari, p "
1
0
0
Warner, p
1
0
Total^
32
4
6
Totals
37
10
H 1 0 2 2 1 1 0 1 2 3 0 13
DO YOU
TO MAKE A PLEASING APPEARANCE! Realize This Yen by Dialing West Side Cleaners ?iorthwestern aiui Vinti
mf -ffr FT V -,* ^
^CacaL ddUu
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
TlaUoLL.
Thursday, May 19, 1938
Fashion Notes
Spring—Mist-Like Dresses In the spiinartime, dresses which seem to diift like mist are featuied favonte^ Gav pastel frocks with stoiy-book sknts are being shown in damt\ maiquisettes, lace, net or oigand\ Many net gowns aie protected aaain-'t spnng showeis by a ne^ a et pi oce«s The pel feet dining-at-home costume IS the clevei shut top above a full sknt The tailored toppers replesent gloiified Gibson girl shirtvaist« and dinnei blouses are distant cousins of our sport shirts. If jou piefei diama without fulls you can stait a whispering campaign all youi ow n be appealing in a swilling taffeta gown which swishes as you w alk Floweis aie seen on the new millineie,. of comse, as boutonnieies on suits and as headbands foi evening weal Fiuit and eegetable boutonnieie^ aie shown, as aie patent leathei and felt ones. Solid colors 111 navy, black, beigs and pink tones wnll iival small geometiic punts Fabiics aie sheer, sheei, hop-socking silks, marquisettes, and some taffeta Jacket diesses aie again most impoitant as well as most piactical. Both the slim and the bouffant silhouette w ill be showm, the former in soft hea\\ sheer and the lattei in thinnei Both sports and diessy coats are made on slim boxy lines, with the “T” silhouette much used. The fitted reefei coat is a high style note. Tux-edo-collais aie the most important and heie is where a little fur trimming IS used. Homespun and linen weave materials are new-looking and veiy good as well as nubby tweeds In addition to navy, black, and beige, “wheatstalk,” a light toast shade is wearable and becoming “Miss-matches” will be the skirt theme Jacket and shut combinations contrast rather than exactly match and blending colors, that is two shades of the same color will be worn Pleats are important and are shown in all-around pleated models and pressed pleats stitched in and out Swing skirts are still in the mode Shetland, tweeds, botany flannel and camel’s hair fabrics make classic skirts. Classic types in sweaters are better than ever, emphasizing brooks neck and crew neck cardigans made of imported shetlands, vicunas, angoras, cashmeres and a new sheer yarn called “Icelain ” Longer jadkets look veiy new and are shown with both car digan type and notched lapel necklines Shorted fitted jackets wnth Peter Pan colors are young looking
SPECIAL ODDS AND ENDS SALE Friday and Saturday Only
Decca Records
21c
Brunswick Records..
45c
Band Instruments $5.00 Up
Let Us Show You How to Get a Record Player FREE
Don't Miss These VALUES
McLean Music Co. 514 MAIN ST.
WB A A Programs
—Today— 11 00—Dick Cuitnei, pianist 11 15—PTA Council 11 30—Chailotte Fiiend Stewart— soprano. 11 50—Puidue News Flashes. 12 00—Rosalind McClanahan, sopiano 12 15—Town Ciiei, Bill Ash. 12 30—Luncheon Dance 12 45—Market and Weather Reports. 1 00—Drama In Industry, Mary Wagnei
1:15—^You and Your Health. 1:30—The Monitor Views the News. 1:45—Aisene Summers, contralto. 2'00—Geography in the News. 2 15—Tune Topics. 2 30—You and Your Child. 2.45—Treasure Chest, Mildred Templin. 3.00—Musical Review. 3‘15—Paul Worcester, tenor. 3.30—Morey J. Doyle, pianist. 3’45—Interesting People in the News. 4:00—John Fenne and Virginia Reed, violinists. 4T5—Dr. Goidon Graves, pianist. 4 30—Wings Over the World. 4:45—The Story Book Hour.
FOR SALE—Flower shop, two greenhouses, with duplex adjoining, five-car garage, established 22 years; located in central Indiana Excellent bargain for $3,000 cash, remainder in payments. Address replies to P. 0. Box 225, Lafayette, Indiana
FOR RENT—3 large rooms furnished lower front apt; newly decorated; electric refrigeration. Private bath, city heat. Utilities. $10 a week. 515 North 7th St.
LOST—No. 9 iron, Bobby Jones Spaulding Kro-flite, Lafayette Public Course. Reward. Pape, 5021.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machrnes, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
WANTED—Theses to type. Call 66254 at noon or after 4.30
LOST—Schenectady High School ling May 13. Reward. McLane, 321 Vine Phone 5290.
FOR SALE—’29 Chevrolet good condition; very cheap. Must sell. Phone Perrin 2004.
FOR RENT—K large lower front room suitable for two summer students. Phone 76022.
HAVE YOUR—Tennis racket lestiung. Satisfaction guaranteed R. L. Lippman. Phone 4726.
FOR SALE—White Palm Beach suit, size 36. Cost new $17.50, bargain at $6.50. Call 66653.
CANOE FOR RENT—At Main street boathouse. Fifty cents per hour. Call Mona Balcom, 2430.
ROOMS—To let to summer coeds. 102 Andrew Place.
ANYONE—Knowrng the whereabouts of contents of locker 625 in Fieldhouse, please call 45503. Reward. Moore.
tLe ^edt C^i^cle Folks say our delicious bakery items have what it takes to rate "tops” in the best circle It's simply top quality ingredients, carefully blended and mixed and expertly baked You can always serve Graves' Bakery Goods on your table with complete assurance Graves’ quality Bakery Phone 3852 124 State. W. L ^‘Catering to Fraternities and Sororitie^*
'■1 ’ i «... i * It'* Coolness With Every Step With every step you take in our Jarman “Tropicals,” cooling breezes are pumped in through the vents with the action of your foot. A cool feeling shoe, in smart looking all white and combination styles . . . Drop in and see them. EXCLUSIVE AGENTS FOR Bostonian at $7.50 Fortune at $4.00 Cosby-Square at $5.00 B & W Shoe Co. 121 N. 4th St. Phone 8105
Notices No Notices Accepted After B p.m.
PIA Beginners and Advanced Dance Classes: Dance will be held Friday, May 20 at 9 p. m. in Duncan Hall. You will be admitted upon presentation of your dance class card. —CLYMER.
Fraternity Presidents: Fraternity presidents council meeting Thursday, May 19 at 7 o’clock in room D of the Union, for election of officers. —GRAHAM
Open Swim: WAA swimming Will b« held from 7 p m to 8 p. m. and mixed swimming will be held from 8 p. m. to 9 pm. Thursday, May 19 —JORGESON.
Pi Tan Sigma: The golf match with the faculty has been postponed until Thursday, May 19 Meet at 4 p. m. on that day in front of the^ Mechanical Building Twen-ty-one men are needed so call me at 2004 if you wish to play. —McCAULEY.
Chinese Students Club: There will be a meeting of the Club Saturday, May 21, in room C of the Union Building at 1 p m. It IS important that all members be present —SOO-HOO
WAA Social Committee: Will the following girls please be in Miss Brady’s office Thursday, May 19 at 4 o’clock, C Scott M Wetgel, V Beck, B Roderick, M L Riley —DANIEL
WSGA Counselors: The following will attend the round table session in the Union Thursday, May 19 Betty Ainsworth, Martha Avery Jean Bailey, Georgianna Baker, Ester Beil, Lois Blow, Elizabeth Cadison, Katherine Cooley, Melba Davidson, Lucy Demaret, Barbara Dobson, Phyllis Dunn, Joan Edson, Georgia Elliott, Barbara Gibbs, Ruth Glunt, Ruth Hall, Peggy Hamilton, Dorothy Hardin Pat Heniy, Betty Hixon, Jeanne Horwitz, Bonita House, Dorothy Johnson, Betty Klein Althea Jorgeson, Virginia Laramore, Caroline Lemon, Charlotte Lochner, Florence Mierriell, Sally McKee, Mary McLaughlin, Sara Alice McIntosh, Georgianna Pittman, Marjorie Poor, Katherine Pultz, Eva Robertson, Frieda Rieckers, Barbara Roderick, Annester Singer, Muriel Smith, Caroline Scott Mary Townsend, Eleanor Turner, Marian White, Ruth Wiley, Martha Wood, Janette Morris, Edna Schwab, and Mary Cooley. The following transfer counselors will also hold a round table discussion today: Marjorie Buck, Betty Hixon, Phyllis Umphreys, Margaret Saurer, Sarah Saint, Martha Norman, Loiisdeene Langstaff, Maigaret Ide, and Nina DeWitt —SEXTON, HUBER
Wesley Foundation: All members who are going to Turkey Run sign up Thursday, May 19 The gioup will leave the Foundation house at 12 30, Saturday, May 21. A charge of 75 cents will be made for transportation and supper —HOOVER.
WAA Baseball: Thursday, May 19, at 4 V m , freshmen vs. junior and sophomores vs seniors At 4:80 juniors vs seniors. Friday, May 19, at 4 p. m.: freshmen vs. seniors and sophomores vs. j’uniors. Class squads are posted on the bulletin board in the Women’s Gymnasium. —MAIER.
Virginia C. Meredith Club: Meeting for election of officers Friday, May 20 at 4 p m in the Home Economics Building —DeWITT.
Student Bible Class: Meeting in room C of the Union Thursday, May 19, at 7 All students are cordially invited to aUend —BURBRINK.
Tan Beta Pi: Initiations postponed until next week (5-21) —MUSHAM
Playshop: Check your hours in playshop office by Thursday, May 19, between 4 and 5 o’clock —BREWER
Exponent Editorial Freshmen: Turn your night preferences and your examination schedules in to my box before Friday, May 20 —HARDIN.
Mixed Archery: Shoot on the women’s range at 4 p m Thursday, May 19 Equipment may be checked out from respective gyms —i^NIGHT PSA. Final meeting of the year will be held at 7 30 p m Thursday, May 19, in the Union Election of officers will be conducted at this time, also voting on national lefeiendum of ASU peace policy. —BUCKLES
Senate Petitions: Petitions may be turned m at the Senate office until 6 30 p m Friday, May 20 —ELLIOTT
Forestry Club. All field day ticket salesmen meet in room 316 of the Horticulture Building Thuisday, May 19, at 4 p m All unsold tickets must be turned in —BLINE
Purdue Motorcyclists: Regular weekly meeting Thursday, May 19 at 7 o’clock in room F of the Union Important that all be there promptly Election of officers —GLENN
University Orchestra: Final rehearsal Friday, May 20, at 7 p m in Fowler Hall studio for radio broadcast Saturday —PHILLIPS
Dairy Club: Dairy students please sign up at the bulletin board in Smith Hall before Saturday, May 21, if you are planning to attend the dairy picnic Saturday. —MYERS
WAA Council: Meeting Thursday, May 19, 7 15 o’clock in the WAA office —RODERICK
WSGA Judicial Board: Meeting in WSGA office Thuisday, May 19, at 7 16 p m —HAMLTON
Varsity Trackmen: Debris pictures postponed until Tuesday, May 24 —ROPER
Co-op House: Everyone interested m organizing a men’s cooperative house next yeai, meet at the Wesley Foundation house 436 State Street, Thursday, May 19, at 8 30 p m —LUDBERG.
Purdue Riding Club: Meeting Thursday May 19, at 7 30 p m. m student Union office Everyone who participated in Gymkhana please attend —SUMMERS
Alpha Zeta: Meet in Agriculturist office at 7 30 p m Thursday, May 19 —STONEKER
Senate: Will all junior senators and any interested senator meet in the Senate office at 1 p m, Saturday, May 21, to heai information concerning NSFA —ELLIOTT
Senate Petitions: Student Senate petitions may be obtained in the Senate office from 4 to 6 30 p m Thursday, May 19, and Friday, May 20 Petitions must be turned into the office by 6 30 p m Friday, May 20 —ELLIOTT
Kappa Delta Pi: Meeting has been postponed until Wednesday, May 26. Election of officers at that time. —BYRD Fashion Magazine Sponsors Contest College girls interested in fashion designing may participate in Mademoiselle magazine’s “Design for a Living” contest according to a 1 ecent announcement. Designers must create the perfect extra-cur-ricular dress, a daytime-length dress. Cartwright Junior Fashions will make up the dress and present it to the winner plus a cash prize of 100 dollais. The four runners-up will leceive fall dresses. Complete information is given in the June issue of Mademoiselle. Mademoiselle is also sponsoring a six-weeks toui m Europe this summer for college girls interested in fashions. Pans openings will be included in the visit. For information, girls may write Martha Wood, Mademoiselle, 1 East 57th Street, New York City.
You’ll Sqou Be Putting Away Your Winter Clothes Have them cleaned by Crown . . , they are moth proofed by the MONITE Process as they are being cleaned. NO EXTRA CHARGE
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
Don't Bury Yourself During The Summer Keep in touch with the Old Stamping Ground — Subscribe to the Summer Edition of the Exponent and "Be in the know." Summer Session of the the Purdue Exponent • Mailed Anywhere
>1