Today's Editorials Notoriously Fickle Are College Students.
Purdue
Z-186
EbnMnenf
Fair, somewhat mumet today; tomorrow wanB«fV with showers.
THURSDAY
April 13,1939
Lafayette, Indiana
VoLSO
No. 155
World News Aiinual Futurc Farmers' Pan-HeiCouncil
JiamsiA. Convention Opens Today
PARIS—The French cabinet last night approved a vigorous declaration of policy warning Italy and Germany that any further totalitarian expansion in the Mediterranean or elsewhere which violate any French interests would be met by force of arms. France now has mobilized her army to almost full wartime power, and has sent her fleet upon an undisclosed trip which is said to be around the Grecian island of Corfu. TIRANA—An assembly working under the guidance of Count Ciano yesterday established a dual monarchy in Albania and offered the crown to King Victor Emanuel of Italy. BERLIN—German officials and press aroused over latest statement by President Roosevelt that he expected war by Fall. Debris Orders 100 Additional Volumes; Sales Reach 2,500 With Debris rapidly approaching its deadline for orders, total sales have reached 2,500 books, surpassing last year’s mark. One hundred extra copies have been ordered, however, and will be sold at five dollars each all this week. When these are gone it will be impossible to reorder. A desk will be maintained in the Union lobby from 4 to 6 p. m. for those wishing to purchase a Debris, and the office will be open each evening from 7 to 9:30. According to Dick McNeil, one dollar deposit will hold a book until laboratory fees are returned, when final payment may be made. The Debris should be out May 15, according to a statement by Business Manager Boyette Edwards. C. F. Harding Speaks ) At Lewis Institute Prof. C. F. Harding, head of the electrical engineering school, was a delegate and a principal speaker last week-end at the convention of the Society for the Promotion of Electrical Engineering at Lewis Institute, Chicago, 111. He spoke on “The Relation of Industrial Research to Teaching.” Last Monday evening Prof. D. D. Ewing, also of the electrical school, journeyed to Tipton where he spoke before the Kiwanis Club of that city on “City Utilities.”
Elects Raebig Hew President
Tau Beta Pi Names 27 Spring Pledges Tau Beta Pi, all-engineering honorary, announces the pledging of the following men: F. C. Horn, R. D. Elboum, B. Brown, R, Squires, R. A. Specker, L. W. Schmidt, C. R. Brown, C, J. Ancker, H. G. Kolb, R. C. Simon, H. J. Segrave, G. A. Omohundro, K. C. Houston, W. A. Hart, J. G. Eilering, W. E. Dunshee, R. P. Hawthorne, K. E. Yost, D. E. Wilson, J, H. Smith, R. Schrader, C. G. Moller, C. A. Heidbreder, A. B. Huston, G. M. Adams, R E.
Hall, and R. N. Keene.
Bridge Tournament
Sportswomen Pledge Seven; WAA Gives Numerals, Pins To Modern Dance Group Two hundred fifty co-eds witnessed the installation of new WAA officers at the annual WAA winter sports banquet in the Home Economics Cafeteria last night. The banquet officially closed the winter sports season, and was the occasion for the presentation of class numerals and pledging to Sportswomen, co-ed athletic honorary.
A new award was added this year in the presentation of pins to members of the Modern Dance group who have had two years work. Several members of the junior group, chosen for ability, interest and hard work, were pledged to this new honorary group. Janette Shaffer, Sportswomen president, pledged Rosemary Vandivere, Katherine Mounce, Mprtha Schroeder, Jean Bailey, Joyce Davidson, Bette Smith, and Doris Peterson. These gh'ls have earned 1,000 WAA points and were also presented with their “P” monograms. Award Numerals Class numerals were awarded to 26 girls. Those who have earned their 26 points in basketball are
This afternoon will see the beginning of the tenth annual convention of the Future Farmers Association in the Education Building, with 225 representatives of the state’s 200 FFA chapters expected to attend. Registration starts at 10 o’clock. The association is an organization of boys enrolled in vocational agriculture courses. —
The program will include addresses, starting at 1 o’clock by Dr. F. B. Knight, head of the division of education and applied psychology; F. E. VanPelt, advisor of the Concord township chapter in Elkhart county; Lorin McIntosh, state president of the vocational teachers’ association; James H. Pearson of the office of education in Washington, D. C.; Dr. Z. M. Smith, state advisor for the organization; and Albert M. Coates, vice president of
the national FFA.
Among the highlights of the 1939 convention will be the awarding of degrees to the outstanding Indiana vocational agricultural students and FFA members, and determination of winners in the several contests scheduled. The final meeting of the convention will be held Saturday
morning.
DeMolay To Offer OpenS Twilghl At 7 Play By McMahill ll) UnlOD BallrOOm
This afternoon at 1 o’clock is the deadline for applicants in the AllCampuf Bridge Championship, the first meeting to be held tonight at 7. To date 44 teams have been en-
tered.
Those who signed the preliminary entrance sheet at the west Union desk before vacation are not entered in the tourney, and must sign an official entry blank. Each team of four men must have a name. Julius Born, Lafayette professional and director of last year’s tourney, is again in charge of this year’s event. Any information regarding the tourney may be had from Union vice-president Jim Williamson, in charge of the tourna-
ment
Hal Lieber To Play Here April 21 For PI A Spring Formal Hal Lieber and his Indiana orchestra will play for PIA members and their friends at the annual Purdue Independent Association Spring Formal to be held Friday evening, April 21, in the Union ballroom. Phyllis Dunn and Bob Fowler, cochairman in charge, have planned a novel and colorful backdrop and say that this will be the best PIA dance of the year. Newcomers' Club Holds Dinner Dance Newfcomeis Clubt compjosed of fiist and second year faculty members, husbands and wives, held a dinner dance last night in the Union Building. This was the last social event of the season. Pies, and Mrs. Edward S. Elliott were the guests of honor. Mrs. Elliott is sponsor of the club, Mrs. B. H. Petty is chairman, and Mrs. P. C. Rutledge was in charge of arrangements. ,
John McMahill’s play “Spotlight Sketches” will be presented next Tuesday and Wednesday in Duncan Hall, Lafayette, by the Lafayette chapter of DeMolay, Masonic youth organization. John McMahill, famous author and playwright, will appear, with youthful Bobby Bos-
well.
The hustle and hurry of large cast productions suggested the “Spotlight Sketches” to McMahill. European, as well as American critics, have hailed the production, an innovation m theatrical enteitain-
ment.
Petitions For YWCA Cabinet Due Friday YWCA petitions of girls wishing to be cabinet members next year must be handed in by Friday afternoon at 4 o’clock to either Betty Klein or Catherine Cooley, YWCA officers said yesterday. According to YWCA plans, the new cabinet will be organized before the installation of newly elected officers. The installation will take place the latter part of next week. Girls handing in written petitions will be interviewed by YWCA office! s. Petitioners should indicate the cabinet offices which especially interest them. In order to be eligible to petition girls need not have been YWCA officers.
Caroline Britton, Mary Helen Miller, Mary Laswell, Mary Ellen Soarff, Mary Pidgeon, and Betty Martin. In volleyball, Bonnie Cox, Flora Holt, Katherine Ade, Lucille Fudge, Esther Kirkhoff, Joan Modisette, Dorothy Housekeeper, Mary Smith, June Spry, Janet McDougall, and Frances Jones. In riflery, Vera Chapman, Laura Betty Gregory, Mary Elizabeth McKee, Sue Enders, Betty Wilkinson, Naomi Smith, Mary Jane Sefton, and Car-
oline Lemon.
Dance Club pins were presented to Mary Lee Hickman, new president of the group, Lucy Demoret, Barbara Gibbs, Margaret McBride, Janice Meldahl, Dorothy Newman, Mary Frances Oliver, and the outgoing president, Ann Sickman.
Six Representatives Take Over New Posts Women’s Pan-Hellenic Council elected officers for the coming year at a meeting in the Union yesterday afternoon. Frances Raebig, Pi Beta Phi, is the new president; vicepresident, Virginia Steele, Alpha Xi Delta; secretary-treasurer, will be Grace Reinhart, Alpha Chi. New Pan-Hellenic representatives are: Ruth Bennett, Theta; Mary Jane Carr, Kappa; Yvonne Holden, Alpha Chi; Katherine Lang, Alpha Xi; Victoria Milea, Chi Omega; and Jane Weaver, Phi Mu. The Pi Phi representative will be elected and announced later. The duties of the Pan-Hellenic Council are to govern rush, pledging, and initiation on campus. All organized women are automatically members of the organization. Each house is allowed two representatives who are elected as juniors and serve on the council for two years. Senior representatives are given voting privileges. Presidency of the Womeri’s PanHellenic Council IS held by a different house each year. The sororities rotate in the order in which they were established on this campus so that each of the seven sororities on the campus have the presidency once every seven years. Sigma Phi Epsilon Riflemen Capture Greek Tournament Scoring a tothl of 586 points out of a possible 600, Sigma Phi Epsilon marksmen carried away top honors in the recently completed inter-fraternity rifle tournament. Last year’s champions. Pi Kappa Alpha, finished in second place with a team score of 581, and Delta Tau Delta’s 576 captured third place. For the winning team Knapp, Forbes, and Elton shot individual scores of 99-95, 98-96, and 97-100 respectively. Amt, Pi Kappa Alpha rifleman. Young, Delta Tau Delta and Elton each chalked up a total of 197 points to establish a three-way tie for individual scoring honors. To be an annual affair, the intramural department ran off the first fraternity rifle tournament last year. The champions will be awarded a gold cup. Haase Will Address Ag Education Group Bill Haase, vocational agriculture teacher, will address the regular meeting of the Agriculture Education Association in room 201 of theEducation Building at 7:30 this evening. Haase is in vocational work in the Evansville area. He will discuss the importance of Future Farmers’ Associations as they apply to teaching. Irwin Schenk, Indiana delegate to the last national FFA convention, will tell of the national work of the organization at the same meeting. Concluding the program Oscar Reisinger and Chester Schneidler will discuss the work of the local chapter.
Dean Freemi/n To Lead New Discussion Group
Beginning Sunday at 9:30 a. m. in the Central Presb3H;erian Church Dean Fieeman of the ag school will lead a student discussion group. This will be the first in a series of talks from various members of the University staff, covering a period of seven weeks. The speakers, representing various phases of scientific interest, will present the relationship of , their particular fields of research to the enrichment of human life.
Proceedings of the fourth annual Guidance Conference which was held on the campus last November 26 and 26, have been publisheePby the division of educational reference under the title “Studies in
Higher Education XXXV.”
The address made by Professor Frank C .Hockema, assistant to the president, was included in the publication with those of other speakers of the two-day conference which drew over 300 educators from all
over the United States.
K. E. Burbrink Selected Editor Of Ag Monthly
Laboratory Group Presents Two Plays To Large Audience Playshop Laboratory group presented two plays to a large invited audience in Fowler Hall last night. “The Drunkard,” directed by Joe Martin, was characteristic of the 1800’s, with the cast including the usual villain, and the wife and the daughter of a worthless ne’er-do-well. The cast of “The Drunkard” included the following: Richard Coleman, Ellen Kepner, Doris Martin, Gordon Belles, Bob Mefford, A1 Rogers, Kenneth Reese, and Gharles Hart. In the supporting cast were Joyce ^urnham, Gloria Bnckson, Jack Elvis, Glen Whetzell, John Oswald, William Harris, and Garland Johnson. The second play, “The Deathless World,” projected the audience 200 years into the future, to a time when the individual will supposedly have the privilege of choosing between life and death. Cast for this play included Betty Brick, John Hobson, Haskell Metz, Laurence Hess, Marianna Wilson, and Donald Falmond.
H. L Whitham Is Chosen '39-'40 Business Manager ^ In their annual election held yesterday afternoon, the editorial board of the Purdue Agrieoltnrist selected Kenneth Burbrink, Ag '40, as editor-in-chief for 1939-40. Roger Finely, Ag ’40, was chosen by the board as next year’s managing editor. Assistant editors elected were M. W. Adams, H. L. Boll, and G. S. Abshier. As their assistants on the editorial staff, they will have R. Riggs, G. Thias, E. G. Byer, A. E. Snyder, and D. Elder. H. L. Whitham will head the business staff of the agriculture magazine, with H. Drabenstott, E. Noelle, and E. Thornburg as his assistants. Circulation Manager As circulation manager, U. L. McConnell will have assisting him J. Slonaker, R. W. Waugh, A. T. Witham, and F. Fiscus. Departmental editors selected yesterday are, Ag Education, E. Brewer; Agronomy, H. D. Myers; Animal Husbandry, T. Mumford; Ag Chemistry, J. J. Denzler; Dairy, V. L. Stine; Farm Management, G. Sears; Horticulture, B. Coffman; Home Economics, Mary E. Monk; Poultry, G. Searcy; Forestry, J. C* Hawkins; Ag Engineering, J. C. Thompson; and Entomology, J. J. Favinger.
Committee Offers Summer Courses In
PE Will Be Offered
Mikado Tickets In Matching Contest Koko, lord high executioner for the “Mikado,” is wandering on the campus today with a wicked gleam in his eye reflecting on' an even more wicked-looking Japanese beheading scimitar. Foul work is afoot, for at the crack of dawn tomorrow Koko will lop off the charming heads of six of our most beautiful co-eds. The unfortunate sextet are all members of the Mikado’s pony chorus, and pictures of their headless bodies, and bodyless heads will appear in tomorrow’s and Saturday’s Expo-
nent.
Subscribers will be given until Monday evening to match the heads to the correct bodies and the winner will receive two free tickets to the “Mikado.” Judges and rules for the contest will appear with the first installment of decapitated chorines tomorrow.
Triangle...
. . . social fraternity announces the pledging of the following: J. L. Cullen, Lakewood, O.; J. M. Horn, Denver, Colo.; C. J. Herbold, Fort Peek, Mont.; N^ A. Shane, Evansville; and J. H. Marshall, Evansville.
Courses in physical education, coaching, safety, health and recreation will be offered at the University during the summer session, according to a preliminary announcement made yesterday. Graduate and undergraouate courses will be offered by the divisions of physical education for men and women during the six weeks from Jime 15 to July 27, thus providing an opportunity for teachers of health and physical education, as well as coaches to supplement their knowledge with advanced training. Mai Elward, Mel Taube, and Red Mackey will have charge of football, and Ward Lambert will supervise basketball. The graduate courses will fall under the direction of Prof. F. R. Eastwood and Prof. Helen Hazelton. Cutler To Speak Tomorrow Night In Union Ai70'dod( Tomorrow evening in room A of the Union Dr. G. H. Cutler will give an illustrated lecture on “Agriculture Colleges and Experiment Stations of the British Isles and Europe.” The meeting will be opened by S. J. Whitsitt at 7 o’clock. Dr. Cutler’s recent trip abroad furnished the material for the talk.
Town, School Administrators Will Hold Fourth Annual Meeting Here Monday
The Northern Indiana Town and School Administrators Association will hold their fourth annual meeting here next Monday, according to an announcement made yesterday by Prof. O. F. Hall of the education and applied psychology department. Since the small beginning of the organization in 1934, when school boards of Lafayette and West Lafayette met to discuss individual problems, it grew to include all ^f the towns north of State Road 40 in 1936, and last year it was decided to take steps to include the entire state. Will Discuss Six 'Eopics Six important school pioblems
will be briefly presented by educational leaders from various paurta of the state at the opening session on Monday morning. Topics to be discussed will include changing pupil enrollment, school publicity programs, the possibility of two additional years of public school training, summer activities, the probable effect of growing costs of public welfare on education in Indiana, and Federal aid for school. One of the highlights of the convention will be the noon luncheon at which time President Edward C. Elliott will speak on “Forty years as an Observer of PubUe School Education.”. . . are college students. They turn overnight from text books to goldfish gulping ... we wait for Purdue’s first “gulper” with fearful heart. After one vacation is over their first thought is not “Now I dan go back to work again,” but is instead, “Gosh, I wonder how many days until the next vacation?” Summer vacation is a long way off, and in line with this we would suggest that something be done to alleviate the bitter pangs of that arch-enemy to every student: Spring Fever. The weather does not token the presence of spring as yet, but now is the time to lay plans for the immediate future if we are to have a happy and pleased student body. Rockefeller recently built a set of bleachers around a New York construction project, in order that an interested public might watch riveters, excavators, and concrete pourers at work. We would suggest a local organization of the AASS (American Association of Sidewalk Superintendents), in order that students may utilize their class-cutting timd for educational purposes instead of dawdling it away in the sweet shop. ' , We seek a PWA, WSGA, AAUP, PIA appropriation PDQ to support our silver-studded plattorm, which is as follows:
1.
2.
Ponstruction of magnificent grandstands around the Music Hall, air conditioned, to seat 6,000 students.
Free Coca-Cola on tap . . . in spite of
the Union Sweet Shop.
Comfortable cots for the faculty . . . just in case they should decide to cut classes for a broader education, too. Free binoculars for every student . . . to watch either the workmen or the pretty co-ed (or handsome ed) in the
next grandstand section.
A big fence in back of the Executive Building, so administrative workers can’t cheat on the student body and
peek out the back windows.
When our platform reaches complete ma-
4.
5.
the Purdue Exponent Entered aa second class matter at the post office In Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Oonpreas of ‘March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for In section 1108, act of October 8. 1917. anthorlsed January 20, 1922. Published dally except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mall subscription $8.60.
Editor-In-Chief.— Business Manager..
H. I. Stanback ........R. R. Hensler
PUBLICATION STAFF Managring Editor—— ^ 8. City Editor - D. A. Associate Editors O. W. Pr^erlck, K. C. Houston, B. K. Insley, W. A- Kroeplln, D. G. Terrlo, J. C. Woodson Sophomore Assistants—^R. Ahlf, R. Beer, R. DeHoog, R. Donahue, P. Ganzar, D, Heiple, R. Howard, C. Leber, R. Massey, J. McKee, C. McKeighan, M.- Mlers, M. Patterson, R, Taylor, K. Thompson, J. Willsey, A.
Yates.
BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager. Local Advertising Manager.. Circulation Manager
Sales Manager.
National Advertising ManagerAccounts Manager—— — Art Director
JM. C. Beeves -E. M. Antonini W. F. Berg _V. Daugherty
- H. W. Nevfn W. E. Smith D. J. Henninger
CO-ED STAFF
Editor. Associate Editon.
...Sally McKee -Joy Johnson,
Elditor Associate Eiditors-
Georgeann Schilling, BetW Wickard
SPORTS STAFF
R. L. McDonald
..X A. Hebbeler,
R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS' OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana ’ Phone 6088 SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind.
Phone 2792
BEPRKSBNTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BV National Advertising Service, Inc. • College Publishers Representative /t20 Madison Ave. New York, N.Y. Chicago ' boston ' Los Angeles - San Francisco This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in if, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the oSieial University viewpoint All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chi€f.
Night Editor—^McKeighen Issue Editor—Deckard Thursday, April 13, 1939
“Stripe me pink!” is fashion’s slogan this season, and not only are we clad in pink stripes, but in all Colors of the rainbow, blue, red, green, yellow and all the violine tones, as well as that old tailored Stand-by, black and white stripes. Roman stripes, which combine red, blue, orange, and black or red, blue, yellow, green and black are among the brightest of stripes that are used for evening dresses, A glance, through your latest fashion magazine will show you striped taffeta gowns promenading at the most top-hat affairs, while striped cotton dirndl skirts worn with the shirtwaist blouses or evening sweaters are the utmost of chic at informal gatherings. Stripes are often used horizontally on the bodice and vertically on the skirt, while there are many diagonal treatments to give a slimming effect. A practical note—^the stripes always give a gown an expensive look, for they camouflage many sins of cut or fitting. Stripes are tops, too, in the sports
field. Many of the favorite striped novelty tweed jackets worm with solid-color skirts or dresses are to be seen on the campus. Black or navy tailleurs pin-striped in 'white are classic suits year after year. When warm weather encourages us to store away our winter woolens, the stripe invasion will begin in earnest. The very smartest of washables are the striped madras sports frocks. Trimly belted, with prim shirtwaist collars and handy pockets, these frocks will be favorites for campus and sports wear. Stripes are conquering the accessory field too, for the most exclusive accessory houses sold matching turbans and bag or turban, bag and sandal sets in striped materials to the carriage-trade for Southern wear with white dresses. The fad will probably be carried over this summer in the lower price brackets. Intramural Schedule BASEBALL Today Diamond It—Ward 5 vs. Ward 13. 2—^Ward 7 vs. Ward IX. 3— ^Ward 12A vs. Ward 8. 4— Ward 14 vs. Ward IX. 6—Ward 2 vs. Ward 12. 6— Cary Hall 10 vs. Cary Hall 3. 7— Cary Hall 6 vs. Cary Hall 9. 8— Cary Hall 4 vs. Cary Hall 7. 9— Cary Hall 2 vs. Cary Hall 6. 10—Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 8.
WBAA
THE LIFE.. .THE LOVES... OF LADl JAILBIRDS of the “BIG HOUSE”!
mm. TODAY — FRI. — SAT.
2 FIRST RUN PICTURES
Bayard Veiller’s great heart-drama of Mar; Turner...who planne' a strange revenge., but failed when lov came alongl
Clarence L Mylford's RENEGADE TRAIL" (•atunnp WILLIAM BOYD
ijaCB w®* tR®
Bootnose
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liclity
SAYS... Due to the absence of our most cherished B & B editor, we!re filling in with a breezy column for to.day.
Copr. 1939 Dy United Featare Syndicate, Inc.
terialization we will editorialize for the Executive Committee to purchase AASS keys for every student.—D. G. T.
Anyhow evei*yone kno-ws I’ni the campus authority on doit and stuff . . . just life Life, more pictures, less guff. The Sig Eps are throwing a dinner dance at the house Saturday night, and just between you and me I think the place is going to look like HELL. Leastwise they hope so. JANET PICKERING has the right idea, she says quote “My father reads the Exponent and does not approve of B&B so please don’t put my name in?”
“I got two nice openings, gents—one’s a cook in a drug store and the other’s a bartender in a tea room!”
“THB VOICE OF PURDUE*'
11:00—PTA Program, Dr. C. H. Ade. 11:15—Morning Melodies. 11:30—County Federation of Clubs Program. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—^Russ Mock, pianist. 12:15—The Music Box. 12:30—-Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Songs and Melodies. 1:00—Newspapers, Pi'of. Hugh McKee. 1:15—Eugene Finegan, violinist. 1:30—Prof. Frank Hall, Footnotes on the Headlines. 1:45—Market Reports. 2:00—The Apothecary. 2:15—State Safety. 2:30—You and Your Child. 2:45—Treasure Chest. 3:00—Afternoon Music. 3:15—Milton Gregory, pianist. 3:30—Parade of Business. 3:45-—Kraft Saxophone Quartette. 4:00—America’s Hours of Destiny. 4:30—Morey J. Doyle, pianist. 4:45-—Story Book Hour.
with sore eyes a rest ... sounds like another cheap publicity stunt by Dick MacGougal or Mac Dougal or MacDuff, or nobody knows which. Debris half shot. How can he hope to palm off an extra hundred of them things at five bucks a shot? . . . there ain’t that many of the suckers left!
.Undoubtedly you noticed the bandaged wrist of blonde r ■ YVONNE PRICE before vacation ... well she couldn’t learn her lesson and now she has no arms at all . . . jest look!
POME BY PUNCHY College men are a lazy lot. They always take their ease. Even when they gi’aduate. They do it by degrees. FAMOUS LAST LINES;, Pity the poor man who spent $600 to cure his halitosis only to find out that no one liked him anyhow.
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
KWOGHAMHCrora
DADDY PICKERING (which?) Prom Queen Caroline Scott says that she will personally dispense the remaining Debris, giving eds
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY LAST BEGINNERS CLASS OF SEASON OPENS Friday, April 14fh 7:30 P.M. This Class Will Be Completed Before Purdue Closes, Indiana's Largest Dancing School ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
TODAY - FRIDAY 2 DAYS ONLY
DOUBLE ATTRACTION
Charlie’s won the^ep ^ uu T—^ «*^es the prize laugh '^^-oftheyeor...,?! ^‘’•‘eyouglodyoud/cfnr, sweepstalcesi
K ParaoMoat Pklure with CHARLIE RUGGLES MARJORIE RAMBEAU Chariey Grapewin • Evelyn Keyes Broderiqk Crawford • Billy Lee
ALSO 'FIGHTING DEVIL DOGS'
MaK}
STARTING TODAY t DOUBLE FEATURE
li
a ALSO 5 NEW THRILLS NEVER BEFORE seen on the screen. The most amazing film of the African jungle. Showing for the first time animals, peoples and mysterious rituals never before captured on the screen. 1—First motion pictures of an oft-reported tribe of giant natives. All over seven feet in height. ■First motion pictures of a hair-raising snake dance by a strange cult who allow cobras to bite them and go unharmed. 3— First motion pictures of the OAKPI, one of the rarest animals in the world. 4— First motion pictures of the blood-drinking ceremony of the savage MASAI tribe. 5— -First motion pictures of HIPPOS out of water in the daytime. These and Scores of Other Thrills in
—.with— ■ ' I ■) ‘1 KATHERINE HEPBOfiN Cary Grant—Charlie Ruggles ; ~ PLUS —
AFRICAN HOLIDAY The first really AUTHENTIC jungle film.in which there is not a fake scene and which unravels the mysteries of Africa.
ALSO MICKEY MOUSE
— COMING— Fred Ginger ASTAIRE ROGERS — IN — THE CASTLESSr' ■
m
-
lliursday, April 13, 1939
THE PURDtIE
EXPONENT
Lew Fonseca Talks On, Demonstrates Hitting Fundamentals To Baseball Group
By Marshall Richards
Boilermaker baseball players and a crowd of interested onlookers ranging from grade school “sluggers” on up to old vet- ^ ^ erans, heard Lew Fonseca, former American League star, give JuUlUlSAA a short talk and demonstration on hitting in the Fieldhouse yes- ^ terday. Fonseca’s appearance opened “Baseball Week” here, which will be climaxed by the Purdue-Pittsburgh game next Saturday. ..
“If you can stand on your head and get a base hit do it,” was Fonseca’s coinment on various eccentricities shown by batters, but he also added that there were certain fundamentals that must be learned no matter whether one was playing in the major leagues, college or
sandlpt league.
Uses Various Bats Launching on what seemed to be one of his favorite subjects, he then pulled out various types of bats and explained the importance of selecting the right size bat to use. “You don’t need a telegraph pole,” he commented, as he told the players' that college men are not fully enough developed to use the bats which major leaguers commonly
use.
Having studied slow motion pictures of all of the leading American League hitters, Fonseca was able to give several valuable tips to
Seven Boilermaker Veterans To Appear In Lineup Against Pittsburgh Pirates Next
the Boilermaker sluggers. Among these were: to stand easily and naturally at the plate, a slight crouch aiding in this; get a good part of the bat across the plate by taking
a few practice swings.
“Beware of swinging just before the pitch, because the pitcher might throw before you could get in readi-
ness,” he said.
Watches Team Practice After his discussion on hitting Fonseca watched the team practicing and gave various members of the squad advice on ways to improve their hitting, pitching, and
fielding.
Another feature of the opening day' of “Baseball Week” was the official movie of the American League, entitled “Baseball,” which was shown in the Electrical Engineering Building last night. Lew discussed the pictures as they were shown.
By Bruce Witwer
Spring was just too much for us ... we were only a month off on our news of Steve Bacharach yesterday ... he is out in San Francisco now for the National AAU boxing finals and was slated for his first fight last night ... Laurence Lyles, the other Purdue entrant in the preliminaries before vacation got to the state finals and then was forced
out of the running.
•—fc—
Lew Fonseca put on a nice show
yesterday afternoon to open up our “baseball week” ... the Purdue nine is working dff the rough edges that were brought out by the southern trip and it should be a likely machine that goes to work trying to make inroads on the visiting Pitts-
burgh Pirates this Saturday.
Designed-
Especially for you but going fast.
GetYwir DEBRIS Now!
—^fc—■
One interesting bit that Lew Fonseca put out was that an ordinary fast ball travels about 86 miles per hour and a batter has a fraction over half a second until the ball passes him after leaving the pitcher’s hand . . . not much time to make up your mind whether to hit it or not!
-—^fc—
Jim Carter, famous touchdown twin of Duane Purvis, who was
Trackmen Will Seek Revenge For Defeat By Michigan State Seeking to revenge last year’s 87-44 whipping. Coach Hermon Phillips and his track squad will journey to East Lansing, Mich., on Saturday for a dual meet with a much favored Michigan State cinder path team. Phillips is planning on taking around 30 men vdth him for the Boilermakers’ first outdoor venture of the season. Led by Ed Greer, one of the nation’s outstanding sprinters, the hosts boast of one of the best developed and balanced collegiate squads of the year. Composed of several veterans, the Michigan State squad has run up an enviable record in their indoor competition. The Boilermakers will be basing their hopes for a victory on Capt. Art Bodeau, Big Ten indoor halfmile champion; Steve Gutting, ace hurdler; Red Shackleton, quartermiler; Ed Holderman, miler and half miler; and Forest Weber, shot putter.
just appointed assistant football coach at the University of Dayton, is being feted right and left now . . . during the spring vacation the Dayton PUrdue Alumni Club honored him with a banquet which was attended by quite a few of the current Boilermaker student crop who were home for the holidays.
Buy Your ARROW Shirts and Ties at DEWENTER’S
CDsdkwuibu!
Yes —delicious is right —for only highest quality ingredients are used in Graves' baked goods. Order one of these delicious cakes today — it's sure to please you.
Graves quality Bakery
124 State, W. L.
Phone 3852
Foot-loose and Fancy Free —
STORTS CLASSIC Let's go "Meidccm". Hucnraches—one of the favorite sports for tUsSeoson.
"COR sheer exhilaration and well-being you’ll delight in Arrow’s new formal attire. Born with a royal touch the ARROW LIDO dress shirt is a thing of beauty, carefully tailored and authentically styled in the new narrower bosom. Even suspender loops and a trouser tab are provided to keep the shirt well behaved and always in place. If you wear tails or single breasted dinner coat—LIDO is your shirt. $3 up. The formal Arrow white ties are superb—self knotted, yet launderable. The butterfly type is the one preferred by most men. $1. Arrow wing collars . . . HOST, PROM and LIDO, are best sellers. 35c,
DKESS SHIKTS
You’ll always find the latest ARROW styles
at
GULLION'S
President E. C. Elliott To Pitch First Ball With Governor M. C. Townsend Catching With President E. C. Elliott pitching the first ball and Governor M. C. Townsend catching behind the plate during the opening ceremonies of the new baseball diamond on the RossAde Recreational Field, seven veterans, and possibly eight, will make their appearance in the Boilermaker starting lineup against the Pittsburgh Pirates in an exhibition game here Sat-
— urday afternoon. The afternoon’s program, which features the introduction of the guests of honor Governor Townsend, David E. Ross, George Ade, Major John L. Griffith, and baseball lettermen of former years, and a flag raising ceremony in conjunction with the Purdue band, will get underway at 2:15 o’clock. The opening ceremonies are schedialed to start at 1:50 o’clock, with the gates
opening at 11:30 o’clock. Am Bredewater Starts
Arnold Bredewater, veteran right hander wh6 has been one of the most consistent collegiate hurlers in the country for the past two seasons, will be Coach Dutch Fehring’s choice to start on the mound against
the Pirate sluggers.
Although Bredewater is scheduled to start the fray, Fehring plans to utilize a number of hurlers during the afternoon, the other possibilities including Homer Warner, Dick Wargo, Bob Bailey, John Em-
mert, and Joe Doan.
The catching spot is the only doubtful assignment in the batting order. Art Bredewater is still handicapped by a bruised hand but ihay recover sufficiently to take his place behind the plate. In the event that Bredewater is disabled. Bud Fisher, promising sophomore, will
draw the assignment.
The Pirate batting order, as re-
(Continued on page 4)
Delta Chis Gamer Volley Ball Tourney In the final playoff of the interfraternity volleyball tournament on Tuesday night the Delta Chi fraternity team carried away first honors, with Lambda Chi Alpha second. The tournament was played in three games. The team Which won two games out of three played won the
tournament.
The Delta Chis won the first contest, but the Lambda Chis won the second game with a rally. In the final round the Delta Chis again came through to win the third tilt and the tournament. Exhibition Games Chicago (A) 6, Pittsburgh (N) 2, Boston (A) 17, Cincinnati (N) 14. Brooklyn (N) 9, New York (A) 7. Bokton (N) 13, Washington (A) 7. New York (N) 12, Cleveland (A) 8 St. Louis (A) 12, Chicago (N) 7.
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE EXPONENT
WORLDTSZFINEST TOBACCOS
Sold by your dealer. If not. send lOq for sample to John Middle ton. 1211 Walnut Street. Philadelphia. Pa.. Dept Ls
WALNUT Blend 30(
PAJAMAS with a MASCULINE ACCENT
$1.98
For young moderns who like the comfort, the marvelous freedom of ’’big brother's" pajamas — we bring cheerful tidingsl For now you can hove--your own "masculine" pajamas—designed by famous "^B.V.D.—in typical maniiish patterns and fabrics. Be the first to see these slick new fashionsto choose them for your ownl
•Reg. U. S. Pat. Off.
HOLEPROOF SOCKS • Now every Holeproof style which calls for rayou is made with this: latest marvel of Du Pout reseaxchi —Cordura, a uew yarn proved more than 50% stronger. Increases dura-\ bility, in the hody of the sock, 25%i; to 150% by t^t! This extra vatua yours at no extra cost in the colors, fill new soeks we are showing at 35c and 50c pair THIEHE & WAN6ERIN COMPANY 622-^26 Main Straat' i
Hitting Punch Evident In Riveters^ Journey South By Robert J. Deckard Because of the effectiveness of early batting cage work in the Fieldhouse, marked improvement in hitting was evident in the performance of the Boilennaker baseball nine last week as it dropped only one game in five starts on its southern trip, the best record ever compiled by a Boilermaker nine on a similar jaunt.
The contingent as a whole clipped off a batting average of .268 in the games, with four men hitting .300 or better. The Boilermakers likewise made a good showing in the field, making only 14 errors on 190 chances for an excellent early season average of .926. Vernon Leader Outfielder John Vernon, who only played in two games, headed the batting list with two hits in five efforts at the plate for a .400. Vernon’s pasture wander mate, Bud Stamm assumed runnerup honors, belting out five bingles from 13 cracks for .385, followed by a third outfielder, Tom Dickinson, who hit a neat .333 by negotiating seven hits from 21. Key-stoner Sammy Lyboult tm-ned in a .305 percentage, contributing seven safely from 23 times at the plate. Outfielder Ross Dean, first baseman Frank Smithson and catcher Art Bredewater garnered places in the .200 class, each making the respective marks of .294, .285, and '.214. ' Felix Mackiewicz, third baseman and the slugger of the Boilermaker outfit, failed to make an impressive showing in the batting percentages but contributed two home runs in the Alabama game. The hot corner man boomed out four hits from his big bat from 21 tries for a .190. James Kurtz, outfielder, singled but once in six trips to the platter for a .167. Bob Bailey, sophomore slabman, topped the pitching staff in the batting honors, by getting two hits out of thi’ee. Warner and Wargo each made'a .333 and Arnold Bredewater singled once. Smithson, playing a good defen-
sive game at first for "'the Boilermakers, handled 59 chances, and made only one miscue, for a percentage of .980. Catcher Bredewatbr allowed one to get away out of 30 for an average of .965, Lyboult defensively looked bad from the average angle, hobbling the ball four times out of 32 efforts. Playing his usual style of ;_Girl Scout ball-handling, Mackie*wicz assumed an .800 average in the field, allowing four errors to be chalked up against him in 20 lumbering efforts. Tom Dickinson had a perfect record in the outfield, as he handled 10 chances without an
Pittsburgh Game - (Continued from page 3) ceived yesterday, will be the regular lineup, the only position in
CiassMied Mds
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
RADIO SERVICE—^For guaranteed reliable work call 45273. Herb Webb.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Johnny Farrell matched number two iron at Public Golf Course. Reward. Call 3714.
INSIST on Chamberlin’s Ice Cream, Indiana’s finest. Phone 3028.
LOST—^Rimless glasses in blue case labeled Jaffee & Sons. Call 65073.
LOST—In West Lafayette, well marked Boston terrier, full white collar, answers to “Dopey." Phone 6294.
m fashion's favor ^oes this r Freeman Saddle sport ! Qidord, It's the standard foot ^ear io\ sportsmen. Soft, pliable calfskin. Brown and White Black and White Red Rubber Bottoms
A.B.C. Shoe Co.
406 Main
Phone 2001
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Jewelers
"DiAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Professional
• Locksmith
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST n9V^ Vina Wast Lafayatta Phona 4965
"C" CARTER for Kays, Locks, Ganaral Rapairing SKATi SHARPlHiNe Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
• Printing
KEYS AND LOCKS Kay* for trunk*, door lock*, cl**k lock*, night latche* and padlocka. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycle*, ac-'-assoriai and repairing. ' MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Fhatw 2B2t
sssn^'NiiNG Office SUUontry . o O ■ Wedding invIUtloiM B Mm Book*, Etc., aeM GASSEL’S 408FERRy
doubt being the pitcher. Time is growing short in which to purchase tickets for Purdue’s exhibition game with the Pittsburgh Pirates on Saturday afternoon. In Lafayette the ducats may be obtained at the Fowler Hotel, Decker’s, and Zipp’s; and on the West Side at Deac’s, Southworth’s, and the Union desk. The Gimlet Club and the Junior Chamber of Copimerce are also selling tickets and mail orders are being taken at the Purdue ticket office. General admission prices are 75 cents and student tickets are 40 cents. *
Wednesday afternoon. Each will be assigned a time for an interview with the Junior and Senior Officers. It is essential that every sophomore petitioning for office attend his or her interview. If you can not make the time assigned to you please notify one of the officers. —JACOBSON.
Purdue Flying Club: Meeting Thursday, April 13, at 7 p. m. in room F of the Union. —CHBVEDDEN. SAE Members: Preliminary SAE Stout contest eliminations have bene postponed until a later date. , (4-14) —HERR.
Christian Fellowship Hour: Meeting in room B of the Union Thursday, April 18, at 7:30. Rev. Ainslie will be the speaker. All students are cordially invited to attend. —BURBRINK.
Coed Forensic Managers: Meeting 'Thursday, April 13, at 5 p. m.. University Hall, room 308. —DEMORET.
WAA Baseball: Call-out Monday, April 17, at 4 p. m. —COOK.
Gold Pepper Pledges: Please wear your ribbons on the campus. —COOLEY.
Alpha Lambda Delta: All members please be present Thursday, April 13, at 7:16 p. m. in the women’s lounge. Important business meeting. —BURNHAM.
WAA Student-Faculty Tournament: Any girl interested may ask , faculty memiber since there may be mixed doubles. Be sure to sign up with your partner at the Women’s Gymnasium. (4-14) —MATHER. PEW Bowling: There are a few vacancies in each bowling class. If your name is on the bowling waiting list see Miss Babb in the Women’s Gym office. (4-13) —KNIGHT. Scrivener: All members who have manuscripts to be considered for the May issue must turn them in (typed) at the west Union desk for me before Monday, April 17. —CLEVELAND.
WAA: Following girls are eligible to take the written baseball exemption exam on Monday, April 17, at 6 p. m. in the Women’s Gym: Glagrave, Harrison, Ward, Allbright, Eikenberry, Glattse, McFarland, Smith, Reed, Murphy. —FRASER.
WSGA Executive Board: Meeting on Thursday, Apry 13, at 7:16 in the WSGA office. —LEAMUSTG.
WAA Tennis: Please sign up for the Intramural tournament as soon as possible. The sheets will be posted in the Women’s Gymnasium. Sign up with partner. (4-14) —MATHER.
Flying Cadet Applicants: Examining board will visit the University on or about Monday, April 24, to conduct physical examinations. Pamphlets containing instrucr tions' may be secured from the Adjutant’s office at the Armory. (4-18) —MORSE.
Noiices
Union Workers: Please report to workshop Thursday, April 13, at 4 p. m. to work on band fronts. —CREPPS.
P” Men: Meeting Tuesday, April 18, at 7:30 p. m. in the Union ballroom. Election of officers will be held. —ANDERSON.
YWCA: Petitions for positions on YWCA cabinet must be handed in by Friday, April 14, at 4 p. m. —KLEIN, COOLEY.
Agronomy Students: Meeting Friday, April 14, at 7 p. m. in room A of the Union. Friends and faculty are invited. —WHITSITT.
Speedball Call-out: Call-out Thursday, April, 13. Compulsory for all who are interested in attending the Play Day at DePauw, April 22. —BAILEY.
Gold Pepper Actives and Pledges; Compulsory meeting Saturday, April 16, at 4 p. m. at the Kappa House. It is imperative that all activity blanks be submitted. —COOLEY.
Scriveners: Meeting Sunday, April 16, in room 2 of the Union at 7:30 p. m. Guests coming. Please bring manuscripts. —JUSTIN. Skull and Crescent: Meeting Thursday, April 13, at 7 ‘.30 p. m. in room C of the Union. Bring all written material including old minutes and constitution. —HALL
PEW: All girls registered in bowling come to the first meeting of the class in the Women’s Gym. (4-13) —KNIGHT. CASE. L'E 69 Conditiona: Examination for the removal of "C" grades wiU be given Saturday, April 16, at 1 p. m. in room 201 of the CE Building. —WILEY.
Independent Students: Petitions for the following elective offices are due Thursday, April 13, at 6 p. m.: vice-president, secretary, and treasurer. Students who wish to petition must find out qualifications from PIA board members before that time and, have 26 members sign the petitions. —WELLS.
Wesley Foundation: Roller skating party Saturday afternoon, April 16. Leave 436 State Street, at 1:46 p. m. Tickets 25 cents. —McFADDEN.
Activity Bureau Sophomores: All sophomores will suspend work, on Tuesday and
>111 the nm
rtOHm
SEEDSJOHN SPERB, Hdw.
822 MAIN ST.
PHONE 2777
the OLD Topcoat feels good these days and what’s more it’ll look like NEW ... . . . after being cleaned and Formprest hy Crown.
Have Your Clothes Crown Cleaned Regularly
FIN E C L E AN E R S 6 F FINE CLOTHES OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
Good Intentions which will work.
Since yellow slips are out and spring vacation is over, now is the time to start concentrated studying. To concentrate best, when work begins to pall on you, relax in the UNION and renew your energies for further effort
Purdue Memorial Union the corner of the campus— yet the center of college activity