V
k> '’■' ‘i
W.' vf
ft,',
■2\> i ) 'r^-i } -^-^ •»'' I-' 4,
ra,i,
">; A?
“T '^'' f'^WfTv
, jffit A "Soi.Vwi^fut* «».-i3'i»r5«>,*«f ' JJ, V ff j ,, ’ «' • . )
'W*p4h>(W .f^
<\r
tt /*
■#r
::m
Fifth Corp$ Area Officers Will Review ROTC Today Annual Inspection Of University Unit Will Continue Tomorrow At CliUssUi Annual inspection of the T/niversity ROTC Unit of over 2,600 men, the largest university or college field artillery unit in the United States, will take place today and tomorrow. Inspecting officers, all ^om Fifth Corps Area headquarters in Fort Hayes, Ohio, will be Col. C. A. Selleck, Lieut, Col. F. H. Boucher and Lieut. Col. G. R. Hayman, according to an announcement ffom
Col. D. M. Beere, local conlmati^ant. '
le-fis
FiMmMImI In 1889
xpiuteni m mMfWMtvas
volume 52, No. 176
West Lafayette, ladiona
During their visit to the campus the army officers will inspect all the various phases of the activities of the corps. High point of ‘'National Inspection” will be the annual review of the entire corps on Intrainural Field west of the campus this afternoon at 2 o’clock. After reviewing the corps including one motorized battalion, the inspectmg officers will be guests of honor at the annual military banquet tonight in the Union Building, which will be attended by students, faculty members, reserve officers and towns-
people.
Public Invited Attendance of the general public at the formal review, always a colorful event, is invited. According to First Lieut. Edward McMaken, pedestrians are requested to enter Intramural Field via the Third street entrance before 1:50 p. m. and after 2:00 p. m. Limited parking space for the public will be provided, field condition permitting, at "the iforth end of Intramural Field with entrance via the northwest gate from Stadifihl hvefiue, and at the south end of the field with en-^ trance via the southeast gate from Second street. Parking will be prohibited on Third and Fourth sf;redts and on Stadium avenue on the hfirth side ai Intramural Field from 12:30 p. m. uniil 4:00 p. m. After 12:30 p. m. today, traffic will be limited on Third artd Fourth streets And the Unitersitj^ parking area soiith of the AriilOry will be closed. Possible Rain In the event that inclement weather interferes with plans for the usual outdoor review, the First and Second regiments Will forte in the Pieldhouse, in the same relative positions as they lake in regular corps day reviews in the Armory. In case of rain the Third and Fourth regiments will not be inspected. Visiting officers will inspect military training classed, both advanced and basic, throughout today and tomorrow, as well as the,. Armory itself, materiel, records and administration. Prof, G, A, Hawkins ... of the School of Mechanical Engineering, is publishing an article in the May issue of Industrial Power entitled “How To Find Heat Losses from Bare Pipe to Still Air.”
Students Vote Today On SAA Abolition
Athletic Council T0 Replace SAA
University Prepares For Mdthers Day
T/ieta Xf
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Mac Blair, Hender-
son, Ky.
Students Make Plans For Gala Programs On Saturday, Sunday Beginning with registration in the great hall of the Union, the annual two-day celebration of Mothers’ Day at the University will get under way this Saturday morning at 10 o’clock. First event on the program will be the luncheon for all mothers at noon in the south ballroom of the Union. President E. C. Elliott and Dean of Women Dorothy C. Stratton will speak. Following the luncheon, the Concert Choir will broadcast for the Indiana Home Economics Associatidn from the stage of the Hall of Music at 1:30. At 2 o’clock the preliminaries of the All-University Sing will begin. They will also be held ih m Hail Of Alter titeg diit for IhO dinner hotir, 'the dvteiihg prd^^dte. May Day fesli'Wtids^ in the Hall of BIuSic will o^eh at 7 p. te. Sunday activities Will begin ivith | the YWCA - sponsored Morning Worship at 9:30 o’clock in Fowler Hall. Mrs. Walter Q. Pitch will be the speaker and the Concert Choir will provide musical services. Mothers may also attend religious services at the local churches at
11 a. m.I
Closing the week-end festivities, the Riding Club will hold its annual Gymkhana on Russell Field at
2:30 p. m. f.i.j.
Name Easiwood To Post In Phys Ed Assodation Dr. Floyd R. Eastwood, of the University division of physical education for men, was elected vicepresident in charge of the recreation division of the American Association of Health, Physical Education, and Recreation. The election was held in Atlantic City, New Jersey, at the association’s recent national convention. As « result of his selection, Dr. Eastwood will become a member of the board of control of the association. d.e.c.
Mahns'Band To Play May Day Festivities,
FofSatutdayMixot p|gyj|„,p
Undet Newly Ptopoied Setup
Maury Mahns and
band will play for the
his catepus
Mothers’
Day mixer this Saturday night in the north ballroom of the Union from 9 to 12. Parents are invited to attend; all mothers will be admitted free. Decorations for the affair will consist of a backdrop showing a mother, dressed in old-fashioned clothes, looking down on a little boy dressed as Lord Fauntleroy who, in turn,-is holding a bunch of fioWers up to her. f.i.j. T. Thompson, Wagar Take Joint First Prize In Wm. Stout Contest First prize of $*^5 in the annual William B. Stout contest, sponsored each year for the purpose of furthering interest in internal combus,.tion engines, was taken by T. J. Thompson and W. E. Wagar with their entry on “An Investigation Of the Momentum and Vibratory Effects in Internal Combustion Engine Manifolding.” M. L. Smitley won $25 for his second-place entry on “Knock-Test-ing of Three Grades of Fuel.” Third place was taken by J. N. Young for his paper on “ExhaustDriven Superchargers.” His award
was $10.
Composition, Style Requirements for entry in the contest, fourth held on the campus, was a 2,000 to 3,000 word paper on internal combustion engines. The papers were judged on composition and literary style, as well as accur-
acy.
On the committee that judged the pap'ers were W. K. Cresson, chief engineer of the Ross Gear and Tool Company,* Dr. H. L. Creek of the English Department, Prof. J. Liston, C. W. PhelpSt and Prof. H. M. Jacklin, chairman, of the School of Mechanical Engineering, s.b.w.
All students may vote tddRy frotn t :30 a. in. until 6:36 p. fii. on the prdposed i-eplactement df thd Student Athletid AsaOaattion by a nine membdr Athletic Cdtiincil. The old west desk niche
of the Union will setvd as the voting booth.
Under the newly proposed Setlip, the Athletic Council Would
Of WAAlfAnil former duties of the SAA in aiding Mai ElWafd to I vullllvJ wl fvavUailll further the athletic program of the University. Also, if the
plan is approved by the student bddjr, the council wOdld elect three of its members as Officers to handle all athletic activities. — - This change was unahiteouSiy
Among the main features offered during Mothers’ Day week-end, are the May Day festivities in the Hall of Music and Playshop’s last production of the year, “Bachelor Born” in Fowler Hall, both being given Saturday night. Organizatiohs on campus will compete in the finals of the University Sing shortly after the ceremony of introducing the May Court and crowning the May Queen, and then the Queen, Kappa Jean Jones Will preseht the trophies to the winners. Modern dance will present a
short program.
Reserved seat tickets for Playshop’s presentation may Be obtained by exchanging season coupons or by purchase. The play will begin at 9 o’clock and has been scheduled by AWS, Union, and Playshop officials so that visitors will be able to attend both pro-
grams. m.j.f.
WRH Hqlds Annual Formal Friday Night In Union Ballrooms Annual spring formal of the Women’s Residence Halls will be held tomorrow night from 9 o’clock until 12':3P in both-ballrooms of the
Union.
Jane McCouch, social chairman of the halls, is in charge of the dance. Helping her are the social chairmen of each hall, Janet Place, Mary Lou Laswell, and Emily
Lloyd.
Spring decorations will be used in the ballrooms. The programs will be made of pink suede to carry out the theme of the dance. A reception for the faculty will be held in the old chestnut room at 1(X:30. Boyd Raeburn is bringing hiS orchestra from Chicago to play for the dance. He formerly played in Cincinnati, a.c.
Will Pns^
Puttering Shop ^xhibH Contains iverything From Belts To Blocks
By Mary Lou Lotef Leather belts, hammered metal ash trays, wooden blocks iymbdlic of probable Christmas dards, and a rbw of clay heads (not thdse of students but the hdnest te gosh artistic stuff)—^these comprise part of the puttering room exhibit now being held ih rbom 267 of the Union. The exhibit will continue through Mothers’ Day. Included in the display are examples of what the av.erage student will concoct when he 'is allowed to putter to his heart’s content. Puttering With Purpose The Puttering Shops serve a re-^ creational rather thah a cultural purpose, but soted students do combine their Vocational Wohk tvith puttering shop facilitidi. For ihstancOf Pne ME studeht solved Ms pirobieins in orthographic projeCtidn hf woflcing them out in teodellilag iday; an'Ibther student experlteehted’ with poiishihg woods befPre he Vrrote a theme oh the subject; and-Students ih recreational leadership often make plaster life masks gs a Campcraft training project. Materials And Instruction Materials are provided ftreo with the exception oi metais> leathers, and vmods, yffitOh ate sold at cost. Instruction is also free and is given
quite capably by the genial “master putterer,” Bob Parks. Students, statf, ahd faculty members may come and go as they wish, doing anything they want to do, and keeping whatever they make. The Shops first opened in the spring of 1939 as an experiment, and, at the end of the first three months, 6,238 visitors had been welcomed into the workshops. At the end of the first year, there were over 14,000 visitors, and actual “putterers” increased from thirty to seventyfive percent. Art Courses Offered A new feature of the Puttering Shops are the phttery and outdoor water paintihg classes that are planned fOr the coming summer session. The courses will meet once weekly and are not for ctedit. Persons interested in the courses must band their registrations in te Bob Farks by June 15. In the fall, more Courses of this type will be offered. They will offer instruction in all types of creative work. The Puttering Shdps are considering giving keys for amateur achievement in the various arts. These are being plahned particularly for those belonging to the student art club.
3SIii|^^'I^^Loren&on, pottery Expert, will visit the c'ampus _tomortow to give a motion pic||Ufe-iec-ture, demonstration, and ^^hibit of Lenox china. Miss Lor^Soft, Will present her lecture at 2^:8b p. m. in rOom 363 of the Union. She Was brought here for the talk by ihe home planning group of the University Women’s club. Miss Lbrenson has deVoted the past twelve yeais to writing ahd lecturing on pottety. She has also done interior decorating in New York. Her lecture will demonstrate the processes of making china and will display a collection of about forty Lenox patterns. ■ The meeting will be open to all members of the Purdue Women’s
Club, s.b.w.
Two Photographers Criticize Tonight Camera Club will take over the tJnion Music Room tonight from 7:30 until 9:30 o'clock, during which time a critique of the exhibited prints wiirbe given by Robert Olesen and Lawrence Archibald. ThClC two club members were present atthe Judging of the prints last Thursday in order to take notes for thii critique. All staff and student memjbers, as Well aS dll others inters ested, are urged te attend. d.e.c.
University branch of the Americail ■‘Institute of Chemical Engineers announces that the following officers Were chosen in the recen^ election: president, Dick Kraybill; viqe-president. Bill Boms; secre-tary-treasurer, Bill Southard. Robert Massey is retiring president. Members will make a one day trip to Chicago on May 19, leavingearly in the morning, to attend the \ national meeting of AIChE. Those mterested in attending are to make arrangements with Bob'Massey or Prof.'R. N. Shreve. The University branch also has planned to hold a picnic at the Fairgrounds on May 19. c.v.t. Lafayette Girls Will Have Play Day Saturday, May 17 Girl Reserves and Girl Scouts from Lafayette will have their annual play day Saturday, May 17, from ^9:86 to 2 o’clock in the. Memorial Gymnasium. Polk dancing and games will be played on the women’s hockey field and in the
gymnasium.
Myra McKee, Mrs. J. P. Girard, and Mrs, F. W. Ludwig are in Charge of the play day. Betty Soughe^rs is in charge of the equipment. Each girl will bring her own lunch. Girls who wish to go in swimming musi bring a doctor’s certi-
ficate. a.c.
London Awai6 U S Reaction To Convoy Speech Of Stimson By William H. Stonchiatt SPECIAL CABLE To The Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc London, May 7.—Lohdoii waited afixiouSlV Ib^ay for the Ateerlcafi reaction to last night’s broadcast by Setrfetery of WAr Stimsoh in Which he abruptly advocated full-fledged American participation in the battle of the Atlantic. “Magnificent Aid” American naval assistance in defeating U-bohts would, in itself, be of magnificent and, most experts believe, decisive importance, as far as the Battle of the Atlantic is concerned. What its implications might be are not lost oiTanybody here and the general feeling is that those “implications” would mean the defeat of the Axis. Thus, if the Americans do satiction the use of their fleet in the Atlantic, Great Britain and her allies will be sure, for the first time in many months, not only that Britain will not be beaten ip the long run but that a really decisive victory over Germany is to be ex-
pected.
Speech atJDecisive Moment Washington’s super trial balloon came at a moment when it was most badly needed. At the moment that Stimson was speaking, German bombers were giving Clydeside and Merseyside another terrific pounding, people were moving in a steady stream from battered cities in various parts of the British Isles and British forces were fighting desperate battles all the way from Greenland to the Cape and from Halifax to the Persian Gulf. Britain was not down and out but she was fighting for her life as she had never fought before. If the “implications” of Stimson’s speech come true then, in the estimation of both the experts and all the ordinary people in this country, what has seemed like an almost hopeless, pne-sided struggle will suddenly be converted into a very even struggle, with every promise that it will become a one-sided struggle in favor of the Allies when the United States achieves peak production. Winant Praises Speech America’s ambassador to* the Court of St. James’s, John C. Winant, broke precedent this morning by describing Stimson’s speech as a “clear and honest statement of the situation.” , While British officialdom studiiously avoided any public comment, its reaction did not require any guessing. The news from America was probably the best Britain has had since the Germans smashed their way into Flanders a year ago next Saturday. Margaret Young ... senior in the University School Science, has received her appointment as graduate assistant at Wellesley College, beginning September i. She will receive her master’s degree in two years, during which time she will assist in teaching bacterioldgy. Miss TdUn^ is a ihember of Alpha Ki Drita sorerily end has been active in the University choir.
was
recommended recently by the Student Senate and by the Faculty Executive Committee and now needs only the vote of student approval before it takes effect. In order that all voters may become familiar vrith the issues ht stake, copies of lAe proposed constitution will be Available at the polls. The new constitution specifies that the nine member board would be composed of the seven senior athletic managers and two tecul^ members, the director of the division of physSsal 6^U(»lioii f6r and the chAlTman of the Faculty Athletic Affairs Committee. II the change is ihadd Ihd nifie men on the board would be Jim Mercer and Jim Adams, baseball ifisnagArs; Bill Maielh^tT aftd Rill Campbell, football managers; Charlie Standard, baseball manager; and Vaughn Hill and John Clottser, track managers. Gordon Peterson and Dick Raney, present jimior members of the SAA, would smrve on the committee as regular members for the first year. The faculty members would be Mai Elward and Prof. G. A. Young. m.j.s. Model 'Plane Club Shows Sound Movie University’s Aeromodelers will present a showing of “Youth Ts&es To Wings,” an aviation sound-mo-tion picture, at 7:16 o’clock tomorrow night in room 355 of the Union. Admission to the performance will be 15 cents. “Youth Takes To Wings” is a fast-lhoving picture demonstrating the principles of aerodynamics. The story covers the early history Of flight, the nature of flight, methods of flight, demonstrations on flying, and types of fliers. The motion picture is planned to put ovei; the theory of flight pitilessly and dramatically. It is endorsed and approved by the National Aeronautics Association and is based on the Traveling Air Shew of the Franklin Institute of tee State of Pennsylvania. Tickets for the shoW ifiAy bet purchased at the west desk of tee Un-ion,-from members of the Aeromodelers Club, and Union Vmrken. d.t.b. Mothers' Luncheon Tickets Now On Sale Advanced sale of tickets for tee annual Mother’s Day luncheon Saturday, from 12 noon to 1 o’clock in the South Union ballroom, is now open. Tickets are priced at 75 cents and are on sale at the Union West flesk, fraternity and sorority houses^ in tee co-op houses, and in WRH and; Cary HaU. Evelyn GuUion will provide harp music during the luncheon at wMek bote President EBiott and Dean of WoWn Dorothy G. I^ratten ale scheduled te speak. The committee in charge of tee limcheon has announced teat, as favors, flowers will be givmi to tee mothers, c.v.ter Phi Kappa Sgma . . . social fratomiW, annonnee^ tee pledging of Bob Platt, Winnebke, m.; Bill EUerman, Huntingtonz Ben Roo^mase, JatesonvBli^ ^ and Larry Howard, Palos PaxIvIlL -
Thutsday, May 9, 1941'> T
' I ‘ , , ,. . V . ‘ . i,> < ’ "l ^’<' ^'y ‘ • .• V
',V
t.
fijct^^L 2**£diiL
Thursday^ May 8, 1941
(pjjUidwL £xpofuutL
Jinudi). JalL An Essay On Hats There are two definitions of a hat. To a man a hat is a head covering. To a woman a hat is an expression of suppressed desires, of thwarted emotions, and just plain exhuberancy. But we have a particular hat in mind. It is not an unusual hat, in fact it is quite an ordinary hat. It has been worn for a fortnight of years or so (not an unusual time for a man to wear a hat) and it still serves its purpose of providing protection. Its only distinction and claim to fame is its proximity to the head it shelters. Of course, it’s been around a little, this ancient chapeau, and has acquired a character in spite of its shapeless form and its' lifeless colbr. This sagely grey-black felt hat has met ambassadors and dignitaries plenipotentiary; it has entered chambers of the all high; it has hung in hallowed halls where even angels fear to tread. And yet, with the same democratic spirit of its owner, it also turns up in the public gathering places, or in a crowded bus, and even stops to watch new excavations along the street. Yes, in spite of its inaminateness, this venerable hat has a story of its own. Its edges no longer hew to the- line of conventional style, but then neither does its owner. This hat has acquired a certain defiance to both the elements and the world at large. Its wavy brim and broken crown suggest a humorous indifference to rain and sunshine alike, just as its owner has a philosophical attitude to his more serious problems. Like a faithful dog, this hat has become a tradition. It has survived the scorn of aging beauty, it has outdistanced its competitors. It will remain as a symbol, though time eventually retire it from active duty. Chamberlain had his umbrella, Willkie has his unruly hair. Hitler has his abbreviated mustache, and Dr. Elliott has that old hat.
Elward Begins Men To Attend
Annual Bsnquet ™
At Illinois Saturday
Rounds Tonight Mai Elward, athletic director and football coach, gets his annual banquet tour under way tonight with an appearance at Fort Wayne. He will be the main speaker at a meeting of the Purdue Alumni Association of that city. Assistant Coach Mel Taube will make the trip with Elward. Chicago Next Ward Lambert, basketball coach, will be the honored guest at the Purdue Club of Chicago’s banquet next Wednesday night at the Bismarck Hotel. Elward will attend this function, which wifi aiso be featured by the presentation of the Noble E. Kizer award. This award is given to the most valuable public high school football player in Chicago and was won this year by Fenger High School’s Ray Florek. Bob Watson, president of the club, wifi present the award to Florek. Even In Jun^ Elward will journey to Minneapolis the end of next week to attend the annual meeting of Conference athletic directors. He is also scheduled to appear in Milwaukee and Waukesha, Wisconsin on June 6 and 6, respectively. These engagements are with the Purdue alumni of that sector. e.c.y. A. Phillips ToSpeak At Ag Alumni Dinner A. G. Phillips, past head of the University poultry department and present sales manager for the Allied Feeds Mills in Chicago, will be the principal speaker at the 14th anwiial Agricultural Alumni dinner to be held at the Union on May 12 in honor of the members of the 1941 agricultural senior class at the University. Toastmaster for the dinner will be Roscoe Fraser, past president of the Agricultural Alumni organization. Professor A. T, Wiancko, head . of the University agronomy department, will represent the faculty on the program and will express the good wishes of the faculty to the seniors! t.b.n. Alpha Phi Omega . . . national service fraternity, announces the election of the following officers for next year: Willis Schalliol, president; E. E. McCracken, first vice-president; Randall Murrill, second vice-president; Rqbert Cartmell, secretary; Dale Schumaker, treasurer; Warren Burres, historian; and Carter Chambers, sergeant-at-arrps. Plans have been made for a party for senior mem-
bers.
ARC
TODAY THRU SAT. They sell friendship
. for a
-AND-
BOBffEEU
PhUS WINNfRS OF THE WEST FIRST RUN NEWS
~AIEE students and faculty members will go to the University of Illinois Saturday to attend the annual Tri-School Meeting with Rose Poly, Illinois, and the University participating. At this meeting the three schools discuss their major advancements during the year, review selected senior theses, and report on new equipment and facilities they have acquired. A group of 60 to 76 have signed up for the trip to date, and thqre are ample transportation facilities for any more who desire to go. Those planning to go should meet at the EE building at 6:30 a. m. The trip to Illinois wifi also include an inspection side trip to Chanute Air Field at Rantoul. This will be the fifteenth year of the Tri-School' meetings. Next year’s meeting will be held on campus here, j.h.m. Wesley Foundation Holds Tin Can Hike' Tomorrow Wesley Foundation will hold a “Tin Can Hike” to Happy Hollow tomorrow afternoon at 6 o’clock. The co-eds will utilize the top of a No. 10 can to cook a supper, consisting of bacon, pancakes, cocoa, and apples, for their dates. Darrell Roach, chairman for the function, promised that good food and a good time are assured all those attending. The party is co-ed bid, costing 20 cents per person, m.j.s.
■The Ratio— 3.93 I • • to 1
Well, the big shots are going to be out on intramural field this afternoon, so let’s all get out there and give them a hand. That’s the least we can do to show our appreciation for the University letting us out of our afternoon classes. Three weeks ago this coming Saturday, Sig Ep Bill Simpson took a trip to Ohio State for a fraternity conclave or something and we hear he had quite a time. There must be some truth in what we hear, because he’s going there again this week-end for a spring formal. It seems as though Bill made quite an impression on a beauty queen over there by the name of Mary. At any rate, she called him from there the other night to make sure that he was coming. The only trouble with the whole thing is that she’s graduating this year, and also has a Sigma Chi pin from Michigan. Bill says that he’s going to put his pin on her this time. Well, maybe the two. pins will look pretty good together. Sort of a re-armament program. Something just has to be done. You can’t go over to the Sweet Shop any more and get a good look at beauty queen Ann Ostrander without having to look at that big Lambda Chi redhead, Jim Miller, too. Those two are acting like the modern Damon and Pythias combination, being a much more interesting pair, however. Why, she even walks him home every night, and when they start doing that, look out, Jim. She’s out for blood. You know, it’s getting so you can’t count on people an3rmore. The very day we told you about Jane Thomas taking Reb Russell’s pin again, she gave it back. Now that’s what we call a dirty trick. Speaking of pins, SAE H. L. Freyn has gone and done it again. This time it’s Jackie Horal from the U. of Chicago. H. L. must have had enough of Purdue Gals. Another SAE, Frank Habicht, put his pin on XO Jean Patrick, too. Congratulations. Here’s a funny one for you. The other night, the Sigs gave a ring serenade for Mary Lou Losey, Pi Phi, and Bob Craig. Well, when the thing was over and Mary Lou was going into the house, she felt something in her hair. She reached up to get what ever
NOW SHOWING THREE MORE DAYS DOUBLE HORROR SPINE CHILLING THRILLS
oduccrs Xclccis'fiq (prporation
University of Texas has eight physical training clubs for girls; swimming, archery, horsemanship, golfing, fencing, badminton, dancing and tennis.
The ^fh Colmnn
After listening to Professor Wikel at Baccalaureate Sunday'we went away satisfied as to the mechanics of graduation. But the other night we had a dream. Now we’re not so sure. It seems we were all seated peacefully in the Hall of Music when up in the balcony. Way up high, there arose this mournful cry. Whata I do now? ■K * « Whereupon the Dean of the School of Science rose. Saluted the President, and said. ^ Sir, the thoid ^quad is present. >|t Id He then gave the Gettysburg address. Which turned out to be . . . Pennsylvania six-five-thousand. ■d « m Next the Dean of Engineering rose. Saluted the president, and said. Quote./ Sir, the battery is formed. ♦ ♦ ♦ Whereupon the Dean of the Chemical Engineering school hopped up. Heiled Hitler, and shouted. This is getting dull. Let’s all duck out for a short one. Exit the School of Chemical Engineering. * ♦ ♦ Followed closely by. (See alphabetical list of graduates.) * * Id At this point the Dean of the School of Home Economics arose. Curtsied to the President, And exclaimed . . . Women and children first. Exit the faculty. ’ * * * The scene now shifts to Jake’s Bar where diplomas
The Purdue Exponent
Entered u Bccond «]au matter at the peat offiaa ia Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Consreaa of Mareh t, 1879, and at the apeeial rate of poataga prorided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, autborlaed January ZO, 1922. Published daily except Monday durinc the rexnlar academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription, $8.60. ' Editer-in-Chief R. W. Donahue Business Manager Metis Hagemsyer Publication Staff News Editor tj. H. McKee Managing Editor D. K. Hbiple Associate Editors: N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Pureeil, L. W. BuSner, B. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Manager,* C. F. Danglemajer; Aseounts Manager, B. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. Becktenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Buth Rose, Donna SiesB. Sports Staff Editor J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phone: Editorial 4005; Business 8471; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 429 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This issue Night Editor: Armstrong Day Editor: Ramsdell Issue Editor: Thomas Night Sports Editor: Young Staff: S. B. Wolf, A. Chatfield, R. L. Hadley, M. L. Losey, S. L. Slesser, D. T. Brophy, F. I. Jones, M. J. Fox, J. H. McDonald, D. E. Corp, M. J. Schneider, O. L. Allanson, J. S. Keeler, O. T. Clark.
/ir
were distributed. In the same congenial atmosphere in which they had been sought. Jc + * (Ringing of conventional alarm clock here.) :|c Hi Id Editor’s Note: One more dream like that. And we will go to commencement.—dkh
it was and grabbed hold of a wasp which very inconsiderately ^tung her on the ring finger. Naturally, her finger started to swell and got so bad that she had to have the ring cut off, anoNthat Was the end of another good rmg. That’s really doing it the hard way. Well, gu^s/g' that’s all. By the way, what ever became of my snoopers ?
We Are Now Restoring the VITAMIN Bi G>ntent of Our White Breads to Average Mfhole Wheat Levels by Using Fleischmann's Hi-Bi Yeast
WES QUALITY
BAKERY
mmPLMOF msGiPiwm THSMiUiOM vouanuGs
LIONEL BARRYMORE LNRAIHI BONITA RAY * RRAHVILLE ALMA KRUGER RED SKELTON PAUL STANTON DIANA LEWIS
i’^3 mesquiteers ,. . PALS OF THE PECOS : ROBERT-LIVINGSTON li. "• 101 STEEU • (lUFE CAVIt iKS.f:'
— EXTRA — ALL COLOR CARTOON WORLD WIDE NEWS
TODAY Friday - Saturday
^4^
JV
4-k “•
fijuJidm £xpomni
Thursday, May 8, 1941
Riveter piamond Team j^indajj facc lllini Here Saturday
^ I T Boilermakers Gunning For Third Outdoor Tennis Team Faces unKsmen Play Tough conquestAgainststrongVisitingSquad
Illinois Tech, Iowa At Home This Week
To Face Tough Wildcats Thei^econd half of the Big Ten season swings open tomorrow for the Riveters as they battle Northwestern’s Wildcats on Ross-Ade Field. There is a collective prayer that this portion of the race will see the fates treat more kindly a team which garnered but one triumplj out of the six which were played. ^ Bad breaks could probably be blamed for two of the losses, but the team refuses to use this as an alibi and continues to maintain
a fine spirit.
Six Games Remain TotAorrow’s game will be followed by another tilt with the Wildcats on Saturday. The remaining four Conference games are split evenly between Michigan and Minnesota. At present, the Riveters are roosting in ninth place, one rung above the hapless Maroons, who have yet to score a Big Ten victory. Northwestern currently is tied with Iowa for second place in the loop standings, each having posted three wins against a single defeat. Michigan, by virtue of their four consecutive successes, is in first place, undefeated. Bill Has Power One of the stars of this Purple machine is the highly-touted halfback, Bill DeCorrevont, currently displaying his speed in the outfield. Bill is developing quite a reputation as a long distance hitter and is said to have been approached by major league scouts. Hank Clason, 200-pound eager from Goshen, Indiana, is one of the mainstays of Coach Stan Klores’ mound staff. The big fellow has had a very successful season thus far and he may take the hill in the
series opening tomorrow in an effort to extend his mastery. Riveter Coach Dutch Fehring is still undecided as to his choice to hurl the series. He sent his charges through a lively workout last night, and worked for some time with the hitters, e.c.y. Co-eds Will Bowl Tonight In WAA Telegraphic Meet Telegraphic bowling meet sponsored by WAA will be held with Pennsylvania State Women’s College at 7 o’clock tonight in the bowling alleys of the Union. The girls participating in the meet are Helen McQueen, Jane Thomas, Jane Van Gorkom, Nancy Cooper, Betty Galbraith, Janice Yoeman, Betty Campbell, Mary Jane Roth, Beverly^Baker, and Virginia Diehl, a.c. —
In a blanket decision, 676 co-eds at Pennsylvania State college lost their one o’clock date privileges for skipping a compulsory mass meeting.
“TONIGHT IS BABY NIGHT” AT THE CUD MEMI SHOWS HOLLOWAY and OWEN STS. “REAL LIVE BABY” will be awarded some person in the audience Award will take place in front of the Thrill Show, at 10:30 p. m. In case of rain tonight, baby wrill be awarded Friday night. FRIDAY NIGHT is PURDUE NIGHT Students admitted to the grounds FREE, upon presenting Identification (Passport) Card.
There's good reason for the continued popularity of our Fortune moccasins— Blyle plus comfort! Drop by our store and ask to see this smart, comfort-plus moccasin along with our other new Fortux20 stylesl lOETUNE
Sm» Stylet iHdtr
B. & W. SHOE CO.
121 N. 4»h Street
Coach Larry LaBree’s netters will attempt to get back on the victory trail tomorrow afternoon with the first of a brace of week-end contests. Illinois Tech will furnish the opposition here tomorrow, while on Saturday Iowa moves in to engage the Riveters in another Conference match. Tour Abbreviated Tuesday’s scheduled engagement with Michigan-State at East Lansing, the second stop on their Michigan tour, was rained out. As far as the Riveters were concerned, rain on Monday would have been just as well. > This Michigan team which whitewashed LaBree’s charges now rates as just about tops in the Conference, according to the Riveter mentor. The latter part of the week will find them engaging their two most serious rivals. Northwestern and Ohio State. The Wildcats and the Bucks finished one-two last year. Record At Stake Illinois Tech has appeared here before, but never under that name. Armour Tech and Lewis Institute, both of Chicago, merged recently, adopting the above title. The Riveters have never lost to the Illinois Tech team and hope to keep this record intact. Not much is known concerning the strength of this year’s squad. Last year Iowa trimmed the Riveters, 6-2, but this year it is said things are going to be different. The Hawks have run into considerable difiiculty lately, dropping matches to the powerful Northwestern and Ohio State squads, but LaBree thinks that they have a good sound team and predicts “an interesting match.” e.c.y.
Wolverines Monday Next Monday morning, on the University of Michigan links at Ann Arbor, a harrassed band of Riv^er golfers will engage their fourth Conference foe of the season. The Wolverines, their opponents in this fourth attempt to bring back a victory, are admittedly a tough bunch of players on which ta start fashioning a string of victories. The Boilermaker golf squad, beset by headaches all spring, will enter the fray next Monday as the underdog, with the Michigan linksmen, by virtue of their past record this season, number one favorites. Last Monday the Hoosiers administered a 12 1-2 to 6 1-2 beating to the Riveters down on the Bloomington links, as Bob Hoffer took a solitary win for the visitors by virtue of a single^ victory over Van Horn
of Indiana.
Only Three Lettermen Only three lettermen are at present playing on the highly touted Michigan squad. Fred Dannenfelser, senior, and John Leidy and David Osier, both juniors compose the nucleus of this year’s Wolverine links combination. Two sophomores, Ben Smith and Bob Fife, also are not to be discounted along with Bill Courtright, golfing son of the University of Michigan links coach. Last year Michigan’s golfers defeated the Riveters by the unimpressive score of 14 1-2 to 9 1-2. They had, however, an almost perfect record in dual meets: eleven wins, no losses, and but one solitary tie. The troubled Boilermakers have already passed the hurdle of meeting last year’s Conference champions by going down to defeat to a powerful Illinois team 22 to 6 on April 26. j.s.k.
A few weeks ago the first Earlham College student dance band made its initial appearance on the campus.
Raise your hand if you know what
Gordon Dover
IS
XT'S ARROW'S popular university oxford shirt with the roll front button-down collar which transcends all other shirts in acquiring that casual “take it easy” lack-a-daisitude. Your local Arrow dealer has these oxfords in white and solid colors. All Arrow shirts have the trim "Mitoga” athletic fit. They’re Sanforized-Shrunk (fabric shrinkage less than 1%). A couple of fins will buy you a lot of smartness. Arrow ties $1-$1.50 —^handkerchiefs 2 Sc up.
ARROfV SHIRTS
Get Your Style-Right Shirts— ARROW SHIRTS
at
416 MAIN
DEWENTER'S
416 MAIN
In an attempt to score their third victory of the outdoor season, the Boilermaker track team will entertain a strong Illinois crew Saturday afternoon at 1:30 in Ross-Ade Stadium. Thus far Hermon Phillips’ runners are undefeated in outdoor dual meet competition, but they will be extended to their utmost if they are to defeat the lllini.
Squad Has Balance
Surveying the entries offered by the visiting school divulges that the Phillips-coached machine will oppose a team with excellent balance m almost every event, which will tax the Riveter strength in the distance and middle distance events. Unfortunately, Don Olsen may not be on hand to vie with Dave Rankin in the low hurdles, for Don pulled a muscle at the Drake Relays and may be saved -for the Big Ten Championships the following weekend. Olsen blasted the indoor low hurdle record to a shambles when he was here for the conference indoor carnival in March. The previous time had been :8.2 seconds, set by a Dartmouth man almost a score of years ago. But Don reduced the mark to :7.9 seconds in some very
fancy stepping. They Beat Cats
However, Gold and Black track fans need not think that the possible loss of one performer will weaken the aggregate team, for last Saturday the Fighting lllini completely sunk star-studded Northwestern. In so doing they virtually doubled the score and humbled such Wildcat favorites as Myron Piker, Smith, Horvath, Finch and Thistlewaite. Another duel, namely, that between Captain Ed Holderman and Captain Park Brown of Illinois
shows promise.
Holderman will meet Brown in the mile and possibly the half mile and/or the two mile. It will be one of Ed’s last races in the garb of Gold and Black and it is expected to be a good one. When Ed hangs up
James Henry Meriwether Henderson, graduate student at the University of Wisconsin, received a letter mailed in Washington, D. C., and bearing only his name and “U.S.A.” as an address,.
Deac Says: Get a college outline book. Your college course in a nutshell. If you are having a hard time in a course get one of these books—It is the best way to review. H. G. REISNER BOOK STORE
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory.
• Professional
Risk Dental Clinic
OR. RAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHfR A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK
h Mirin Sta.
Rhen* 5710
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119Vi Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
• Hardware
If It's Hardware We Have It Quality Mdsa.—Lower Prieaa Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Phone 4354 We Deliver
School Supplies DEAC'S Everything for a College Educatton
~C •LAFAYETTE ^''JlsmiaL library LATEST BOOKS - BEST AUTHORS 3c PER DAY - lOc MINIMUV
• Jewelers R. C. EIS^NBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 AAain St.
the spikes in his favorite comer it will probably give him a great deal of pleasure to know that he has changed some of the records that are inscribed on the board at the east end of the Fieldhouse. He is the Big Ten Champion in the two mile. Lanky Lewis A rangy whippet of a colored boy named Bill Lewis will carry the load, in the low hurdles if his mate Olsen does not make the trip—and Lewis may find it quite a load at that, for Rankin took runnerup honors outdoors in the 1940 campaign. The Boilermakers have only one defeat outdoors this season, but it was not a dual meet. The loss came in the shape of a third place last week-end at Columbus, Ohio, when the Buckeyes beat out Indiana for first. In the first venture upon openair cinder paths, Hermon Phillips and his lads defeated Michigan State and followed this with an overwhelming conquest of Ray Sears’ Butler Bulldogs, o.t.c.
Snmmarr
The complete list of entries, by events,
follows •
Shot Put—^Weber and Rankin, Purdue; Sikich, Mail and Fultz, Illinois Pole Vault—Britt, Carter, Gnmm and Lovett, Purdue, Stout and Wasson, Ulm-
ois
High Jump—McEachem and Anderson, Purdue, Starck, Wasson, and Crane, Illin-
ois
Javelin—McEachern and Suto, Purdue , Stout, Hders and Kienlen, Illinois One Mile—Holderman, Kemp, and Jarvis, Purdue, Brown, Taylor and Malcolmson, Illinois. Broad Jump—Dodge, Tycocki, and Gaulke, Purdue; Stout, Hale, I.ewis, and Wasson,, Illinois. 440 Yards—Anthony, Ten Eyck Arnold, and Wente, Purdue; Bailey, Bushing, and Pollard, Illinois. 100 Yards—Gaulke and Bancker, PurdUe, Turner, Lewis, and Dunfee, Illinois. High Hurdles—Rankin, Stroyeck, Kron, and Conant, Purdue, Hale and Crane, Illinois. Discus—Weber and Rankin, Purdue; Brown and Fultz, Illinois 880 Yards—Jentsch, Stanley, Holderman and Kemp, Purdue: Brown, Bailey, Taylor, and Wood, Illinois 220 Yards—^Bancker and Gaulke, Purdue: Turner, Lewis, Dunfee and Bushing, Illin-
ois.
Two Miles—Reeves, McLaughlin, Marozick, and Holderman, Purdue. Wood, Brown, Malcolmson, and Tayloi, Illinois. Low Hurdles—Rankin, Kron, and Stroyeck, Purdue, Lewis, Hale and Crane, Hlinols.
1
C®
f4^6!^ 4 * ^atuikaL
Thiu^dy^ Mcly 8i 1941
.. W'-\ . .4-:
^hfoAiSt,
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Baseball’s Hall of Fame at Coopr erstown, New York—the birthplace of the Nation’s Pastime—^has twenty members to date and the dii’ectors da not plan any additions for some time to come. Some of the more famous members are: Willie Keeler, who is credited with saying "hit ’em where they ain’t”; Grover Alexander, a great and a garrulous pitcher; Walter “Big Train” Johnson, pitcher with Washington for i? years; Other members are Ban Johnson, Connie Mack, John McGraw, Eddie Collins, Tris Speaker, George Sisler, Napoleon Lajoie; Horius Wagner, Babe Ruth, Cy Young, Ty Cobb, Morgdn Bulkeley, Alexander Cartwriglit, Henry Chadwick, Christy Mathewson and George Wright. —S-S— . ' Only seven of the Chicago Cubs who won the National League pennant in 1938 are with the club now. Those still on the Bruin roster are Dizzy Dean, Vance Page, Phil Caveretta, Larry French, Stan Hack, Bill Lee and Charley Root. Of this group, five, Dean, Lee, French, Page and Root, are pitchers, Caveretta is a first baseman and Hack a third baseman. —S-S— The persistence of Hank Greenberg, Tiger first baseman and a recent draftee, is borne out when one notices that Hank has twice wort the “most valuable” award in the American League, Hank took the honor in 1935 when he was stationed at the initial sack and again last season after being shifted to the outfield. -S-S— ' : Ty Cobb is called by many the greatest all-around baseball player of all time. Ty could hit, 'field and run the bases. It is said that he occasionally got two bases on a bunt. In 1911 Ty stole 83 bases, a record that may never be bettered for Detroit. Three times he batted better than .400 and was never below the .300 mar kin his 22 years in the American League. Because of his amazing speed “The Georgia Peach” was also a good outfielder. —S-S— The St. Louis Browns have the dubious distinction of being the only team in either Major League to have never won a jiennant. —S-S— Jack Denipsey lives in constant fear of going blind, because of the damgge inflicted upon the optic nerve of a boxer from incessant jabbing that he receives on the . forehead. ■' -S-S-Jimmy Foxx has always been considered a dangerous hitter; however, many other contemporary players have failed to receive some ef the records that Jim has compiled, On June 16, 1938, for instance, “Double X” drew six bases on balls. Thus, the score bbok showed no official times at bat. This feat was equaled only once, when in 1891 Walter Wilmot of the Chicago Cubs was given six free tickets to first base. The Major and Minor Leagues have an agreement which stipulates how much a player in each classification may be paid. Following is the
Td 6iin Hdr^estloe Tib Romping through their* last three matches in the inter-fraternity horseshoe toui^amenf yestferday afterflbM, tHfe t*hi Kappas thu SPE. team to the tune of a one sided 60-28 score. BetS Theta Pi, Alphd Gariiina Bhb and Pfiaiijr tfee Sig Eps all fell by the wayside path of the Phi Kappas, -w/ith tMfe yi<^j4 never ail6iyiri§ the deleatdd squauS-Zihore than 30 points apiece. Johnny Galvin and Francis. O’Cohnef pitched for the -winflihg team whild the losing dUo ifa thk finals matches was coinposed of Sig Eps tioh Adams and George Landers.
of the executive council oh Thursday, Miy 8, in room 802 at 4 p. m. Every Officer must be present. —LUERS
Senate Members: Keys are here. See me. $1.00 each. —WISE
Glider €Itib: Meeting Thursday, May S; at 7 p. m; in ’ room .356 of the Union. Election of officers Will Be held.. ' —KANE.
“I want to warn you all of a foreign agent who’s been approaching some of our most trusted dollar-a-year men with offers of two dollars a year!
Thomas Say Ehtomological Society: Meeting Thursday, May 8, at 7:80 p. nt. The place has been changed to the hoine of FrOfessor Davis at 606 Waldron. Plans will be made for the annual entomology picnic. —RICHMAN. Alilitary Students: Any military student basic or advanced course who wishes to attend the national inspection banquet may obtain a ticket for one dollar at the west (desk of the Union or from me. The banqu,et will be held at 7 p. m. Thursday, May 8. —MEESE. Radio Code Classes: Members of the advanced and intermediate code daises meet at I p. m. In the armory Saturday, May 10, fpr practical field work with tactical radio nets. Attendance is necessary for citation. —BURKHART.
salary maximum for players and leagues: Glass D [.$2,000 Class C 2,500 Class B . 4,000 Class A1 and A 6,000 Class AA 7,500 Major League salaries have a bottom limit of $2,000, with no restrictions on higher figures. Babe Ruth, who once made $80,000 in a single season, is the highest salaried player in the history of the, game. American League Leads In World's Series Wins Since the World’s Series officially started in 1906, the American League has won 22 championships to 14 for the National. The longest reign by either league was the five year period from 1936-1939. Detroit won in 1935 and the lusty hitting Yankees had a monopoly for the four years following.”
Kotioei
All Sophomore Cheih and Mets: All sopUomores Wh6. have , not been excused must take the. comprehensive examinations to b'e given May 3 and 10, 1-4 p. m. and 7t10 p, m. respectively in room 129 of the EE building. —BRAY.
ASME: Membership cards aiid pins will be passed out at the meeting Thuraday evening. —COOUEY.
PIA Dance Classes: Beginners’ and advanced classes will meet Thursday, May 8. —HUMPHREY
Re^iatralioh Wdrkerd: Students who Wish to work for the Registrar during .the first semester registration, September 8, 9, 10, 1941, are rehuested to make applicatibn before the end of the present year on the blaiiks to be bhtaih^ ai the Registrar's office. Those with preVibus experience at registration or in other clerical jobs are given preference. —STONE.
Debris Business Staff Sophomores: . The following people will report ip rbbm 268 Thursday evening. May 8, as scheduled: Mary Jane Burton, 7:00: Steve Minton, 7:10 ; Joe Erwih, 7:26; Jane Ariibld, 7:80; Magdelipe Fanetone, 7:40; Hazel Topping, 7:60; John Ely, 8:00 ; Walter’'VyilSon, 8:10; Marjorie Ballard, 8:20. —Rreeden Battery C-4: Be sure to wear uniforms to drill Friday mbrhing,' May 9, 1041. —MASSEY.
chance of Schools: Any student who has definite plans to change in September from one school or curriculum to another is advisOd to file his application before the end of the present year. Blanks are at the registrar’s office. —STONE.
Cambra Club Exhibitors: Critique of Gala Week exhibit will be given ip the mtlsib room Thursday evening. May 8, hegihhing promptly at 7:80 p. m. This should prove very educational, so attend if possible. —TOWUE
Organization Rresiderits ahd All Others Concerned: Bequest that any dogs owned or controlled by your organization be confined so that they will not cause a disturbance during the review by the Cadet Corps on Thursday, May 8, from 1 to 4 p.m.' —LT. McMAKEN. Newman Club: There will be a meeting
Cosmopolitan Club: Last meeting of the semester, Friday, May 9, at 4:30 p. m. room 304 of . the Union. All members are asked to come. —CORTISSOZ. Debris Sophomores: Absolutely imperative that all Debris salesmen turn in money and books Friday, May 9, at 4 p. m. —LANERT. Ticket Holders : Turn in all Mbthers’ Day luncheon tickets at 6 p. m. tbday to Jake Davis in the Student Union office. Imllortant. —DAVIS.
The month of May is really Spring Clothes' begin to tention.
at-
SEND us
R DRY CLEANING TODJiY
K G I. g A H JBf r I JLff • L G TIl’g i
Hurry! Hurry! Hurry! Get One of the 96 Remaining Copies at JPuL (HabhiA. O^fioL
oir at
JhsL (DabhiA JahJsL outside of JhsL Suiaid, $hopL Books Will Be Ready bn Monday
Horseback Riders: WAA points can' be earned by horseback riding.-Ten points will be SlVeri for each ride, although nOt over 100 pqiiiis can be bhtained in bhe seasbn. in brder to e'hrn points, it is nebessary to sign up in the saddle room of the ..Biding Stables. —REDWINE. . ,RiA banca, Classek.: No' mbeting Thursday, M^ 8. Next meeting will be Tuesday, May ik Everyone Be there including all girls whp, have l^n there once. Att. important ahiioiiubement Will be niade. —HUMPHREY.
WAA : All archery practices are due Friday; May 9. Ypu may practice Thursday anji Friday at 4 p. m. or any time during the day wheh the targets are nbt ill iiSe. There will be instruction Friday at 4 p. m. > —JOHNSON.
Ri Tail Sigma Pledges : Meeting in reading rbpin of ME Building on Friday, May 9, at 4 p. m. Bring sighed singles. If you are unable to attend call' Brennan at 2210. —WIST.
Physical Education Board: Meeting at Fowler Hall at 4 p. m. Thursday, May 8. —CARR. Playifcop Members: Anyone wishing to buy a Fiayshop key see Bernice Beisbl in Fowler Hall either Thursday, May 8, or Friday, May 9. —McKEE. SilvOt Mask: Important meeting of the social committee 'Wednesday, May 14, at 4:80 p. m. in the Fieldhouse. —BURL. Cadet Officers: In the event of inclement wehthto Thursday, May ,8,_ sbiiior cadet offlcem.^w411. meei in tjfib Armory ai ll.p. m. for instriictioris relative to indobr formation for inspection in the Fieldhouse. , —BAUM. Sehiots: Cbmmericemeht tickets are now available 'to those who have paid diploma fee. please call at Cashier’s office in Exebutive Building. '(5-10) —HOLLENSBE.NYA 'Workers; checks for the period ending April -Ifi^are now available at the Cashier’s office in Executive Building. (5-10) —HOLLENSBE.
Classified
Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of. portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. MimbQgraph and multigraph work. C. P. Ehershoff. 606 Main St. Phohe* 2779. Ror Rent : Ru8s-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.50 all night. Phone 2407.
Wanted: A responsible student to drive car to New- Orleans. Call 36621.
Gold Medal Show
Tonight, Thursday, is expected to prove one of the hig Rights, Rt thfe Gold MedRl ShR^S) w^lo Rre exhibiting all thiR week, on. the showgrounds at HolloWay anR Owen streets, under the auspices of the Booster Club of Merou Grotto. Tonight is the night the^ plan oh awarding a real ii\(e baby td soThe--one in the afidience.; This “event;” hae created much interest, due to the fact that it is considered illegal, but the promoter of . the “event” states that he has the authority to perform things Of this kind, and that he is jading ‘ through -ivith his plafis, regardless of criticism and threats he has received. Answers Letter In answer to the letter signed Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Elisworth and friends, -who say that they 'will take the law into their own hands, if officials don’t take steps to stop this outrage, H. E. Wilson, promoter of this affair, states that he id going through -with it regardless, And he especially irt'vites the BliR^drths and others who have called arid written him, to be iri the aMiertce, when the award is made. The presentation will be made in front of Stellman’s Thrill Show, at 10:30 p. m. Capt. Jimmy JamisOn; making his first dive of the week, thrilled his audience,-when he dived 110 feet into a blazing inferno, after he had been forbidden to do so by the manager of the shows, pn account of loose guy wires, which if they had come loose, would have caused serious injury or death. Friday is Purdue day, when students will be admitted to the grounds free, upon presenting identification (passport) cards.
Lost: Black loose-leaf notebook and Hyman Zoology Laboratory Manual. If found call Bill Peterson,'6261. .. Dost: Tan corduroy coat. Reward I William Aitchison. R. 247 Chry Hall S. E. For Sale: ’31 Ford Victoria. Good motor. Reasonable. Cary Hall l30 S. W. 8421.
First chapter of a national fraternity ever established in the south Was a “temple” of the Mystical Seven organized at Emory university about.1840.
YOUNG MOTHER? If she still has lots of yOulig ideas, - growing younger every year; we have loads of smooth new giftsv you’d better stop in here, THE OUTDOOR TYPE? If her tastes run to golf, and the sports of the day ; w^ have mu<;h to otfer, to make her foel gay.
If your mom’s the homey type, who loves her home the best; we’ve lots of thiilgi that sheM adore, come in and see tho rest. THE GOLLEGTOR MAYBE? If her hobby is collecting, be it bottle^f ddgs di* vases; remenlher we have gobs of things, fl^dlu lols df foreign plueesx WON’T BUY FOR HERSELF? If she’s the gi^ekt Uhselfish type, who spends heir kll oil here’s the ekadee id jpky her hack, with k pedsdilki gift dl* two. —rAnn
Sd8>IO ImTE flREI WEIT tAFAVE