kH
Votuftie 53, No. 52
West iLafayette, Indiana
Thursday. November 0,1041
FRESHMEN
VOIE FOR GREEN POHER OFFICERS TODAY
CANSIDATCS
3RD CONVOCATION SUNDAY TO FBATURB S. V. RACHMANINOFF
By Gordy Hoffilistn
Sergei Vassilievich Rachmaninoff, who will play for the third Convocation Sunday afternoon in the IV^usic Hall, is a real triple-threat musician He is not only a great pianist, but IS a brilliant conductor and one of the woild’s greatest
composers as well
Born in Russia, Rachmaninoff first showed his amazing talent at the age of four and entered the St Petersburg Conservatoiy at the age cff nine ■
While a student at the Moscow Con servatoiy, he composed his fiist opera, “Aleko” Soon after this he took an extended conceit toui which
levealed his gifts as a pianist
Today, he is known chiefly as a pianist although millions know him as the composer of the famous “C ’ Sharp Minoi Pi elude He has con ducted the Moscow Symphony and the London Symphony Orchestias In the United States, he lejected an offer to'conduct the Boston Sym phony in oidei to continue his ca
reel as a conceit pi mist
Made Fust Visit In 1909
uni6n play SHOWS LIFE IN DAD'S DAY
By Ann Wickard
Life goes to college in the 1911 Dads’ Day Union show ‘ That s Lite ” The main idea of the show is college lite of 1910 wheti dad was heic, as compaied with a gloiified veision of the evciy d ly haliits of
RaehmaVnnoff made his fust visit the modem student
to this countiy in 1909 when he
made a conceit trip to twenty two cities Exiled from his native Rus sn aftei the ievolution in 1919, he came to the United States and is now a citizen Contiaiy to popular opinion based on his austeie dignity on the stage, Rachmaninoff is gay and jovial in his piivate life He takes great piide in his two giandchildien and believes that being a grand
Fathei is introduced to modem coiutship by his son, and is shown how far lomance has piogiessed from the day of blushing eoeds Betty Wedge a^i the man hunling coed, and Bob Stanbough, as the hunted, nevei miss an opening to add plenty of comedy to the sc cne
Amazing Changes
Other acts ol the show aie de voted to scenes when the alumni of the future returns and notices the
futher IS as much an art as being , i. i. i 4.
amazing changes in his alma matei George Cor bus plays the pait ot the future alumni and ‘Hog ’ Stan bough takes the role of the futuie
when he arrives for his concert here student Wedge adds laughter to
a musician
He will bring one of his four pianos and his own piano tuner
this part of the enteitammcnt with an act of the ‘ tough cocci
Side Splitting
Lloyd’s ol London have r el used to insure the audience against split sides when Frenchy Leinweber and Bob Adams appear without cues and anywhere in the Music Hall Ihey seem to come right out of the floor
Sunday He keeps each piano in a ceitain section of the country so that one will always be available
when he plays
HORTICULTURE SHOW DISPLAYS VARIOUS CROPS Competitive student exhibits en tei ed in the twenty hrst annual hor ticultuial show will be on display on the fiist floor of the Horticultur al Building from tomorrow until Sunday The displays include exhib
its of flowers fruits, vegetables and of the spotlight and the enormous native nuts Music Hall stage to bring out the Oil paintings of insects will be theme of the show in a unique thi et the dominant feature of the exhibit phase manner Onginal tunes and ol Bob Cieal and Myion Ruszler arrangements by Irv Given and his
Bob Stallings We, the Progressive Paily, and we Bob Stallings Tun rilton Mike Gallucci and Iiidd Veai Progressive 1 epresentatn es in ihe (,reen Potter’s election slate our plaiform as follows 1 The promotion of a success till Gieen Potiei’s dance which will be moie than jiist another Mixer 2 The popular oeleciion of a fieshnian Queen <0 leigii ai ihe (irieen Potter’s dance 1 Regulai organized meetings of all tieshmen as prescribed in the Green Pottei’s coiistitutioh for the puipose ol pioinoting a greatei inteiest in cimpiis activities 4 A closei cooiduration between all tieshman tactions in Older to liohl a single, 01 gaiiized Pot Burn-
ing
FRESHMEN TO DISCUSS ACTIVITIES student Activities Bureau will hold the first ol a senes of foui fieshman lorums next Monday in tho faculty lounge of the Union The puipose ol these forums that
in the middle of the audience stage I'cM every yoai is to acquaint
and the band The Union noi the cast can be held liable lor anythin,, said about the Kapp is Peg Davis Doc Cole, or anyone else who may tlunk that they hcaid then name
or lodge
Spotlight Brings Out ’1 heme Diieetoi Willis Wells makes use
Mounted Specimens of insects will also occupy an important part of the display Recipes Given The School of Home Economics will include in their exhibit types ol apples best suited foi use as van ous dishes Recipes will be given to
orchestra complete the pietiiie of today’s version ot college life I asf night over WBAA Given’s band and the cast vocalists played and sang the original song hits from this pioduction Charlie Lebenstein docs a swell job ol handling the double tilk
those who desire to know the best lines He explains eveiything liom cooking Iesults fiom the use of dll the wai in Russia to how to gel ferent varieties of apples tContmucd on page 4)
the fieshinen with the vaiious ac tivities on the eampus A large dele gation oi fieshnicn Iroiii the vai lous liatcinities is expected and all in dependent fiesluricn ue ilso a ked
to attend Speakers
Ihe speakois at tho meeting aie to be T R Johnston, assistrnt eli rcctoi ol pcisomiel Irene Fcldt eli lectoi of the Womens Placement Service and Les Woclill e junior diiectoi of the Activities Buicao After the adeliesses, the fiesh men will be free to asl efuestions fiom the floor on any points which lie not clear to them 'lire following foiums will fea tuio addresses by the heads oi the vaiious aetivities on the c impus thus giving the liesbmcn a chance to meet these oflicers and get a dene I lelea of the purposes ind functions ol the activities el e g
Hoppe Gives Billiard Show In Union Monday Evening
By Ted Claik Willie Hoppe 53 year old dean of all billiard players, will put on an exhibitiop of his ‘•kill at 7 50 Mon day evening in the Union ballrooms Hoppe fust showed ability at bil hards yhen he was five yens old and has since won evei y known championship thiough his elcltness with the cue Wins Fust loiiiney At 13 He appeared in many exhibitions when a meie youngster, and won the 18 8 baikline tournament when he was but 13 yeais old In 190() Hoppe left his native New York for Pans and won the 18 1 championship from Maurice Vig naux He went on to take the 18 2 title two years later Hoppe was now firmly*established as THE bil hard player of the world The en suing years have seen a constant stream of titles annexed alon|>side Hoppe’s name Ip 1933 he won the cushion cai om title and in 1930 finished second to
Welker Cochrane in three cushion play Later however he won that same title fiom the same Cochi me Competes with Best Last year the greatest playcis in the game converged upon Chicago whole Willie 1 lid his inviniibiliti on the line in tin ttiiec cushion touinament and won Jake bhactii lift Denton Well cr Cochianc John Layton Art fhuinbald J i\ Bo/i man, Allen Hall and Otto Rcisilt all tiled unsuccessfully to wust the title from the astute Willie He le peated the perfoimance this yc rr at the same city and has been to billiards what Joe Louis has been to boxing namely, the person who has kept the game from decadence Hoppe IS a stciling ireitoiincr when the blue chips aic piled high and the piessuic is on him — the first indication of r true champion Included 111 his exhibition will be a lecture on billiuds Hoppe is a stuct fundamentalist and bclieycs
the „ame can be masteied by close attention to ddail In addition to his ordinaly si Ul, Hoppe has quite a Irag ol tucks which he will show Ik 'Will piobibly play a m iteli With one ol the students with Dad Wbitney ol the Union billiud 1 oom 1 ( k re c ing A.t S 50 i 1 idio inleiVKW will be coiulucted over WBAA Ifojipes rppe ri inee is spoiisoied by the Associrtion ot Colic gg Un 10ns and the Billiard Associrtion ol Amciica The Renowned Chailes Petcison will appeal here on No vembci 26 uridei the same auspices Peterson 11 ickj, 100 Peterson is f imous foi Ins fuels on the billiard f rblc some of which were tilincd in i movie shoit a few yens rgo One of his toremost tiieks IS to place a silvei dollar be tween two pieces of cue chalk shoot it against the cushion with liis cue and hare it ictuiii to the original
position
STXT£ their PLATFORMS Today is ihe clay for all freshmen to take their pencils in hand and cast their votes for the men whom they Wish to represent them duiing their first yeai at the Umveisity The election is to be under the sponsorship ol the Student Senate Voting will be held from Sam till G p m in the exhibit room immediately behind the west desk in the Union The candidates foi the Riveter paity are, fdi prescient, George Slater, loi vice piesident, Richai cl Weltz, secietary^ John Wooling and treasmei Bob Marshall The Piogressive party is lepresented by Bob Stallings pres ident, Tim Tilton, vice firc^idinf, Judd Bear secretary, and Michael Gallucci treasurer Pledge lo Carry Out Promises Concerning today’'' electrons Rivetei candidate Geoio-e Slater stated the candidates ind mom oer" ol the Riveter paity hope that the outstanding spirit and enthu sn&ni which has claiacteiizcd the activities ol^ the Class of 46 thus far in its college career will inani fest itself in today’s elections and throughout the remainder of its f 1 ebhman year We pledge ourselves to cany out the promises we have made rnd to do everything in our power to make the Class of 45 an integiai activi pait ol the Univer
sity
In a statement to the Exponent, Stallings oi the Piogressivc paity said Wt of the Piogiess paity fed certain that we can give our fellow freshmen a capable adminis tiation, rnd wc pledge oui selves to fulfill oui platfoim piomi ts I sin ccrely hope that all oJ the fieshmen will vote in oidci th it the man elected whomever it may 1 e will be a true 1 cpiesentative ot the Class of 45 Oliicidl Duties Official duties of the newly elected officers will be to sta c the annual Gi een Pottei s dance and to 01 ganize the fieshman pot buinin,, which take'' place in tlic pilin’- d c,, GOV. SCHRICKER WILL ADDRESS DEBATE MEET University will be host to an ex pected 1 000 students attending tho 12th a&inual Indiana High School Debaters’ Conference and Legisla tive Assembly to bi held heie Dec 5 6 according to Prof P F IjuII 6t the speech dcpaitment Igatuied speakers at the eonfei ence will be Govcinoi Sclnicl 01 and Piosident Llliott Pied 1 kIioui ch uurian of tho Indiinr Public St I vice Commission and James Kn ipp, ‘'peakd ot the House ot R( pi escntatives of Indiana will preside ovci tht legislrtivc assem bly Tht purpo i of the assembly 1 to discuss vital pioblem confiont ing the Anieucan public Ninety four schools a(J,ended 11 t yerr s conleitnci rntlj/^utvt 11 1 rrger itttnd nice is txpe^td this year 1^1 oJ Lull and the imnJtieiico com mittee aie also nrrking ariange iiitnts foi othei special events in cludint, dtbrtcs dianiitic sessions committee meetings loiind tabli tlistussions and a banquet 1 1 SCIENCE GROUP ELECTS MELLON Dr M G Mellon of the clrcmis try dopaitmeiit w is rccent|y elected picsidcnt of tilt Indiana Academy ol Science fire convention wis held it DeP luw Univci sitj Othci oflictib elected at this meeting weie Di Ihtotloie Just oL Nolle Dame vice president Dr Winona II Welch, DtPruw Uiiivti sity sccittaiy Di ( M Pilmei Butlci Univtisity iiic-s secretary Dr P D Etlwuds ol Bril State Jcachcis (ollcge editor ol pio eeediiigs and Dr William P Men gan ol Indiana Cential Collte.e tie asm er
RIVETER
George Slater
We the repiesentatiVeE- ot the Riveter Partj—composed ot the organized gioiips—heiebj purpose these intentions 1 To unite the das'? ol 45 in order to have a more sucressfiil
Pot Burning
2 To prese*nt a Green Potter’s dance surpassing an\ given before vuth rour favorite band and the
best of entertainment
5 To choose a Queen by popular
selection to leign al the Gieen expecting
Pertter s dance
4 To make it possible for all groups to be represented iinpai tiallj in the iumtions to b< cairied
out
We the candidates ot the Ri\ eter Party, pledge ourselves to fulfill these intentions and to exc cute the wish ot tlic class to the
best ol our abihtx
DADS' DAY WEEK-END GIVES FULL PROGRAM TO VISITjNG PARENTS Game, Two Mixers, New Union Show Head Schedule Of Numerous Activities With tho combination of the Michigan State game, two mixers, the new Union show and the twenty fit ( an 1 1 d Horticultural Show belore them, visiting paientv v il! b< j lovidul with a Lull and varied piogiam ot activiLios lOi Gad Day week-end Although this event is limit od to ono day 1 i many, hundieds of Patheis and MoLheis will lalve'''fflv ml g oL this yeai’fe piogiam to spend an enteilaimnE* wed t r tl 11 West Lalayette while \isiting then son 01 daughk > In a banquet tem e t i
of G
CHEH SCHOOL GIVES COURSE IN EXPLOSIVES
For a limited number of sfcudentb
o leave school
because ol financial or other lea sons the University is now offering its course in Chemistry oi Ponder and Explosives The course was de signed as a part of the defence flaming program and prepares students for jobs in munitions fac
tones
Requirements Requirements of the course are two years of college chemistry with one ot them bem„ oiganic chemistry Only those studento qiial died lo take tho course who are ex peeling to discontinue then regular academic voik leading to a degree will be accepted Students \\ ho can complete then work for a degree should by all mean do o stated Piofos'-oi Bcese head ot the defense tiaininp pi Oft am at the UiiiveisiLy this is an oppoituriiLy foi those v/lio cx pcct then school woik to be inter luptcd to tram themselves foi a de
fensc job
l^rof Austin Teaches Course Plot George 1 Austin of the School of Chemical Lngineeimg is k aching the course rs'-isteel by Protij 01 Hunt and I loyel Berg Students m the course will slucly full lime on the campus for r period
ceeelcd in developing robots pit teititicate \ ill be timed ittc! min fhe plot reaches Lo tlio^e student success
ard
'RUR' PLAY OPENS NEXT THURSDAY Faiel Cc^pek s RUR (Rossum s Univeisal Pobots) will be ‘■tagcel on ihuisdiy mght Nov 1 at 7 ’0 p in and Saturday night Nov 15
at 8 p m in Fowler Hall produced by the University Playshop lab
group The general public is admit
ted free of charge to tins play the
only lab project schediilcd Joi this
semestei
Robots Run Rampait
RUR talc pi ICO in tho dim distant tutui e when man aftci loi „ yens of itseaieh has tin illy sue
(Il imatu pi Lsident
piopoitions when the daughtei rn lines the
fully completing the course Ihosi intcicbted in cm oiling in the course
general inanagct ot the robots and ^et m touch with Piolessoi
Austin immedi itelj, as the class is
st 11 ting this week
1 ifth ol its type the class should be IS succe btul as its predecessors Over 85 pci cent erf the unemployed men who have tal en the course since last spi ing 11 c now work ng in the held oi cxplo i\ i ^ s w John Armitage foiniei stiieknt it the Um veisily leciived his eomiins ion rs an ensign in the N rval An Corps
persuades him to give them syn thctic souls 1 hey do not loicsec the consequences howcvci and the 10 hots ultimately revolt rnd over
Ihtow then ma tors
Playshop lab pioclnetions seive to give the neophyte Playshop ict ois a chince to show then talents IS well rs Jiving the st ige news the cppoitumly lo jrerfiet new
litlitinj technique''
Ihe pi ly I iiiielei ilie diiection ol Josephine Stionj. iiid Riehriel Sidwcll manager rf the 1 rb „unip
at G 30 nr tlie Paculix L m the Giiicj^ the Dais iti i M s/t Conneil \ rd get t getl r lor n an
nei and a discussini 1 p rbie t paiticulai interest tr p i v i =ons or daughteis m the U aver ity
Russ Moi gan and In F i in
the Morgan Manner v 1 1 (jf +-10 mam attraction lomor 1C i 1 s
he plajs for the amuai “'ll mixer to be held in th N t South Ballioonio ot tl o L 10 1 mg the isual lions of 9 to 2 Registration Saturday 'V’e ^mg starting Saturday iioin n,, 8
registration oi eailj an /a j wn I begin m the Great llall „ the Union and this process ■> ill b° con tinued until 12 30 p rn Ti ose xor tunate enough to be hei-^ 1 j tJ 30
Satuiclaj morning will bar l e op poituinty to r/itness the -^11 Fielel Hod ey Grmc bevwic 1 Uni
ver'^ity coeds mak ng up tl to teams tppiopriatcly knov 1 as tne
Golds rnd the Bla k&
At 11 45 a luncheon w II be held in the South Ballroom of the Ln on for Umreisity students nc ti Fathers and Mother^ Dr K^rbexe Phillip advisor to the Pin ore p-i ent' Association wih be n cli ge
ot tho luncheon niogiam
Ki koff Scheduled For 2 I ''1 High spot in cti itic of t e week end will t il c ) 11 e a Rcss Ade Stadium Satu dry i e nro i as the Boilermakers ct^ r,,e r Iich igan State cloven m rn cr t 1 avenge 1 ist year s ekic it t che h rnd ol that qua 1 Th 1 c od lo scheduled Jo 2 1 ohov in'- ih grmc Maury M rl n r el 1 1 11 I will pi ly lor r tc i danc ui the North Ballroom oi the I nion IIi„l li ^irtim the pr m fo» Satuidry m^ht w 11 b *■ r I'Ul Purdue Union blrow 11 ri 1 c which will be pre entr 1 r Ur is Dry ruilience it 6 111 th ''1 1 H ill Written directed u d p ol ce-ei the tuelents Ihrts L t satire on Umv-cisity lik rill tin Go oiitstan Im,, s+uekiie Liiei t plus the music of Iir Given rn 1 ius
b rnd
Begins Mive Yftci Llnioii Snow The secoi d rni 1 ot cht \ d X ill be held m bill Uni n I id rooms starting it 10 p n that mght so tint persons \s i lo ittend may \ie\/ the Lfi 1 a ha liiot Mruiy M ihn lud brut (Continued On p i.,e 1)
Prof. Remmers’ Survey Shows Attitude Of College Students Toward Government Has Undergone Great Change Since 1931
By Wall Rifeit With the iltcimrth ol the lust Woi Id War c imc r ciiiicrl iviilur tiem ol main ol tho brsie eoneep lions ot democirtic government uul tod r\ with the seeonil Mmld W 11 r vil il issue the lolilivo posi lion of the vaiious loi ms of ov ciiunent m domcstie rnd w 01 Id p jI ities igaiii ])ie ent inellenis ol timely interest With the e Liets m mind Pio essoi H II Riinmeis held of the Depritment oi 1 due i lion and Aiiplied Psychology Ins published lepoils oJ siiivey ol the iolle,,e stndi nts opmi m mule 111 cl isscs hero rl the Umveisity M ikcs Sui vej In 19 58 Whit the ( o 11 c ,, e 'Student flmiks of Goviinment \v rs the subieet ot r suivey reported b> Pioles'-oi Reirimeis rnd Mis lii iiig 1 iteli ol tilt llistoiy Dtp lit incnt mull dm mg the rcadenuc yen 1958 39 A pci rod fioin 19 51 1939 was covered by Ptolcssoi
Remmei assisted b\ Miss F I Bieemes rnd Prof t L Moigan m i re p( i ( on ‘Ch rngt s in Libn ilisin Conseivrtisiii of Crlkgi SluiktiLs Since llii Depiession A lie hiinii class m Americin Institution t uu ht b\ Piofcssei f oLiil Phillips w Is the subject ol the ioiiiui siiivtv lilt stuikiits urswneil i ijiustunuuiui th it con sisted ot tluitctn items dealing with the three nnm hr inehts ol tho LI S toveiinncnt lire inswers iiul i pinions ixpitssed were judged aeeoidiiit, to r ptisoniul d it i sheet use 1 to dctiimme the v inous stu elent inekgiounds Studeut Attitudes This survey h ul r thiietold inter est The fust me ismeniiirt ol stu dints’ ittitiiiles w IS eoirsukied to be liigclj a reflection ol tlieii p 11 cuts ittiluilgs Vn itteAipt w IS mult lo ektcimnic it the environ mental backgrounds produetel rt-
Inble dill ounce in op 1 n t the close ot the seiutstel i vcr I mersurenient w rs Ldei t leimini' the rnieuut 1 i m oi slutt m opimoa As in a\eii„e np I Ui ner sitv tie time II th ell se uleil into uiiq e n lit t | li i I imilx We ilth t 1 e 1 ! n mil ,,11 ‘'1 ip! 1 e e V ij eirl lute 111 L()mi 1 u i It d e ren eh uige Inm 1 1 tl huetio iv lib tl i 1110(10 ed elni Ih eli s t ivoieel III mere ise i 11 e etii i il iz itum ol povve! m the k 1 1 r->r euimeit the I’usukitnl mtuenex II eketuJns rn i i <_ n t ^d tt nmstiiutioa il r 1 11 i i 1 1 ttie ilnu vete u ion rl s n i el rivoi mg the le ulet iL th pr ti 1 (nitj m pewii lulUieu un the public m eketioiis Wink no me 1 u tint 1 ot hbei rl ism mil eonseiv rti ai v i 1 ule ui (Gontmued on page, I)(t ^
’s It Worth To You?
een written and spoken during
tiki j'lMst. year about the value of a complete * e,Sueation. Students, especially those i i*i 0"^ 11^; ring, have beeii urged time after to, leave school until they have re(Oivek a degree. Dean Potter and other mem1 jjrpg c:f lJiii\ ersity faculty have urged on , , oevasions that, undergraduates eomp::v a tl's'ir schooling. most of us are shorl;-run think- . one ; a!:; V'C arc interested in is how. much ' r,<o;e.’.y a. e-ca.n make today, with little thought ’ as-S m Acbat may happen in five,, te7),_or even ' hr;.' n . Y';u’s. As a resit, many di’op out of ‘ m is: k accept Itigh salaried jobs, and ho])e i';;.,:, im..': i'oinre will take care of itself. . (Pc. <.ci.ihe best arguments for remaining, ic is'ihat in Jatei- years edncatioii, will iri.a liiphci' annual .income. Q’lie Bin'eaii mP''IPcIuir statistics of the United States De- ; nr Pahor has collected sonap bitei’- ' re ipc.' iMfocrn;.;! ion i'oi- (he period from 192!) ia J‘U'l (io 1 li(' I'clid ion Of income and edu-. ‘Y'P Ua,' iowtu' ogc's, engineers, wlio . ];;,r. ;ph!i;c Vs! j!!'(ifessiojial status after a higli :c i, . csccatioii oil joy an ad\’antag(! in eaniiiis mp ccP;y.. At ahoiit 28 years of age tliis i'cis:: :id\aii(;pre is losf.The 1929 average . !c:c r I i' ! he ip'aduales in vai'imts classes of- ' tc;.c;v'.' :iic; !aiig0(ffram,;ii2,725 l,o ;j;2,000 per . ;;c:;C. SCO ii!(isc of ija' (■oi'i'espendiiig ‘otlno'’ .(,c !) ci-c '/cshiati’ grou]) of engineers from $2,-
WiSHIIMTOM MERRY-QO-
ROUNJ
However, with advancing agfe, the spread in earnings in favor of the graduates becomes, very marked. For example, 5y 20, and-37 years after graduation, the income of first-degree mechanical and industrial engineers exceeded by $175, $925, and $1,322 per years those of the engineers of,the same professional class whose college coulse was incomplete, and sur])assed by $225, $1,1G0, and $1,815 per year those of engineers with a non-collegiate tech-
nical education. ’ '
These figures pre,sent a good dollar and cent argument for the completion of a college education. At first the engineer without a degree will probably laugh at the fellows who speiit four years slaving over text books because these men enter industry \Vith le.ss
experience and often smaller wages than ^ • • c* l. those who failed to finish college. But,at the'S. A'voici Pacafic Fight';
end of five or ten years, the
will commence to wonder why he seems,to be
6
By Drew Pear.son and Robert S. Allen
Regarding’ tins Gbnrcinll advice, „
,, , . • h’o™ Winston Churchill,
there cpntinues to be a wide ;,rift m^side the .Roosevelt administration. And incidentally, there is not com-
Chierchill Recommends
pro-Nazi cabinet; tobki oftice in from opposite dirdetiohs. U-rboats.haVe longer hours to ppTokyo. Churchili urgie^’ that, the There islnothingf the Navy dreads erate pii the surface. » baftle iu Europe'’was''the main more than the iciea of attackfn two inter weather also hasThade show and the United ■' States ' oceans at once—^attacks aimed at the tJ-boats.jmqre difficult , targ'ets should not get absorbed with side- Alaska on one .side arid Brazil on from the air. ARkpmmS.r, the Bfitshows. .;*• , V, ' the other. That is whksome of the ish and American air fleets patrolled
admirals' so resent 'the phone .calls the'North Atlantiej,Iri,calm weather
theplariescouid.easilyspofisub-
U. S. Desffoyera V marines well below.'the surface. But
LiiKre IS iiuL uuiii- The Submarine situation which with I’oug’h, choppy weather, airplete unity on this poM irislde the forced the Reuben^ames fheident; ^3'SSrS British'governmerit.iAush'alian sen- and now threatens; all U. S. destroy-' ur thevp is the nroblem timent leans toward a clekriing Up. ers in Te North Atlantic, is far rough weather, there is the piohlem
of the Bacific situation,..after which ■ different from that of the last war all parts of the Briti.sh Empire, plus Today, German submarines opperhaps the United States, could erate in gang or wolfpacks of
three to five, lurking in the path of a convoy, and without putting their periscopes out of the water. They do not even run their engines. Thus the approaching destroyer cannot pick up the subs with its sound detector, hut the subs, on the other hand, can hear the engines of the approaching
concentrate on Europe Rift in Administrafioh
Inside the Rooseyelt administra-
of fog.
(Oopyrigfitj 1941, by United Feature Syndidate, Inc.)
MUSICIANS PltESENT PROGRAM FOR KKK'S
tipn, the men Who urge a go-slow, policy toward Japan are Admiral Stark, chief of naval, operations, and the State Department. On the other side are many of the other admirals, including Admiral Ernest
convoy.
non-gl’adiiate Nazi Swbs Hamper Navy King, commander of the Atlantic Then when the convoy is within ■ , . Ilc.et,whosayshecan.getalongini'ange,thG.suh,STclca,sGthe.irtor-
, , , . . „ WASHINGTON, Nov! 'l.-T. S. the Atlantic merely, with his pres- po'loes, sometiiyes blind.'Ill othei’ ^ „ tnat <mg .mui, W l (-. grau ua t-S, W O . . - ^ 'diplomats, are not .shoutin.g jt from ent consi.gnment of destroyers and words, they do ridt lift their peri-. Wostburg, violinist. A mixed yoar.ri ago .WOl C tUi bGltcn oil l.hail he \va,o,. Jiousetdpii, hut .then.' have h('(‘ri li.ght criiisers,. which are all ; that scopes but .frepuentiy fire merely
University musicians presented a special mus'ical program for the state convention of Kappa , Kappa Kappg, non-campus social sorority, last night at the formal bixnquet held at the Frankfort Country Club
in Frankfort. '
Soloists from the University
ill'O now. riiovltl.g' ra.]lidly ahoacl. What he iaik; two importantoccasions when thp' ai e needed for convoying
to realize i;-; that eng'irieei.',s with degree.s pos-, British pni a very restraining hand ;;’,oa,s a knowledge ol' engineering' principlo.s on American (orei.gn policy, ami
and theoiy lhat lie vvill ne.ver iic able h) re-
ceive.
Gonipletion of at loiiat four year.s of college will prodnee not only a monetary satisfae-' lion lint alno the intangible natisfaction. of Icnowing; that ,you are a sucees.s in your chonen
irrofe.'ssion.'
Today. On
'rorents 'rile Von. V/ork .il ( Ail '0(1 ics . '(■ac'icr Association .:rai Foriim ■ for I'ipi cial Everits)
■Hr
il'.. Cliest' -foj- Defense y Lecture, I’rof. C. ■k. ime Tunes in.the Hallway :Aio'i|.ison AL:.;.; Mulfett
AilOUHCED BY AG MPT. tndiaria’:;, farm, commodity index fi'll off slightly on (let. Hi, it. was amiouiK'cd yestei’i.lay by, the University J'arni management and a.griciiltural s.l.atisl.ic;; departnien'is, and (hi. U. H. A.ivj'iciiltnral Marketing .‘-'.ervice. Till' i.nilo; fell to 1:17,4 J'roni the hi.gli t.'.M.d of Seiit. l.'i. At least, i.iart of lhi.‘ fall v/as atlyibilteil to llie .usual seasonal i.lelihi'. Iiuiice,-,of l.he liniLed States wholesale in iei' and . United States farm price remained uiichang.'eif i.h.irii;t.i' till’ month, s.vi.
0:45 Tiio fvlag'ic fiartiet' 7:00 ‘‘I'ri'iciples of Uociidog-y,” Prof. 'k. K.. Nor:s 7:50 Music Pi;00 YStoi'y of the (“Ipora I-::;)0 i’ivenLille. Ucliiii'si 8:45 Pae.reil Music, 0:00 Maurice Malm’s Band * 0:40 Music 0:50 News '
checked ri.i!i.:ii)i' m.oves in l.hc Louth
A tlantic, and the Pacific.
One inoVe was last May when it became coiiclusivc/y apparent tiiaf. the Vichy goveriinicnl was 1 he fool .of lyifik-r and when many U. S. .sfra(('i>i.>'ls favored thi> taking ofdVIariiniijiie and (he Azores, and perhaps evi'ii ;i landing foree at Hakar in F' l eneli West Africa. Brit the, '(.'lllrirchill ,!.';ovcrnmei,it prol;(‘s4,ed .l.h.Ml this, yv'onld t.:ike IJ- L.
in yoslei’day's edition of tin' Ivc- slii)V', :i\v':iy' fr'qtn ti'ansjiorting; suppnnenf, it was erroneoi.isly slated pli's', to thcBalHo of Britainywiiuid
Oiir Error
that all fre.shin.en were invited lo :i Uhickeii Fry. 'I'he iti'in r.diould reail that all fri':;lunen faking iioiiltry com-s.es all'' invil.ed. All Poiill.ry majors,. and I'lgg :ind I 'liick Rliow committee nu'ii will he .giiesl.s of the factulty at I ho annmil Uhicken Feed, ' .
focus Ariierican. attention n|)on an-(ith(-r pari, ■of f.he world. Bo ktoosevell, kept mil. of the Soiilh Allantie. The second move was alioiif, I wo weeks ago wk.eii Mr. Uhurrhill Iclep'honrd (he pro:-iiii'nl fo a<lvi.'ie agaiiisl, .any i howdown with llu' .Japanese in (he Pacific, fiis advice came sliorfly after (he new
The first liig point of the “strong, policy” admirals is that every day of delay weakens the Russians, and the Rus.sians are the big potential allies of the United States against Japan. With Russian b.omhin'g plane:; operating' from "Vladivostok against the paper and bamboo houses of Tokyo and Yokohama, the .lapane.se would he up against it. The second big point urged by (hese admirals is one which not many people realize: Wlicii the Uiiifed Stafe.s wen( info (he last war, .Japan was on our side. J'liere was no need to worry about i; (he I'ae.ifie. But (his (ime, the minui.e (he U. S. A. becomes eiuIn’oiled in Furoire, it has (o guard >(.:; h;ick door againsi ai(radi(ion-
.•iPaml very polent rival.
'rherefori', argiie.s tlie I’acilie school witiiin l.he Navy, let’s face our enemies one by one rathi.'r than havt! two jumpiiig on .LIS latei' and
STARTS TODAY .DOUBLE FEATURE. 'Vs'Ills iaiiglJ jasKpot... ft's a @1S,T ! .Beiiovs us, MISTll, for
WALfER.liREi'Mf'PjOAN LESLIE-.;:;
.lA.-iU r MUt-it,
.A HOWARD HAWKS PRODUCTION
can top.
TODAY THRU SAT.
'ThL.Rafk^Su&i£M BAYfOdii^/ lOTHUufyl .
E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QL’ALiTY MILK Phone S6214
D.^. A. M. Irion — DENTIST — 119V2 Morth’.ycsfern Ave. P.hcnfs 4QCS
MIBMI
'/■( 4'*' y. VU.
lii?
A11 ft I
ALSO — 'CAPTAIH MARVEL' FIRST RUN NEWS
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. KiSK DR. HAROLD J. RISK — d.>:ntists . .. . i;oo-tot. Scioiitz nidq. ^{h nnd Main 5f. Lnfayeffe
.EDGERTON HDWE.JNC. HARDV/ARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES ELOOR POLISHERS and/ SANDERS FOR RENT ns 4354 We Deliver.
EDDIE ALBERT {OAH LESLIE I — Plus —- Sea TciJ.ay's Ycotli Having H's Firsi Flhig .it Life! STOLEN PARADISE with LEON JAWNEY ELEANOR HUNT . ---.COM,!NG — RAMPARTS WE WATCH Wilh Hiller's Terror Film BA^nSM OF FIRE
Pu/idm. ^xpiimmL All-American 1940-'41
• fvnfcrcil :iK .second da:.:; rnaflcr al (he post oflic,;- in l.afe.ycHc, Iiidiann, under (lie aef of Congrc.ss i.i .'larcii .i,.lL(’0, and at Hie .special rule of poslapp' proN idi-d for in j.ccfion llfi.'i, act of Octoix'r . ■!,, atiilioii'zcd .January 2(1, l‘.)22. i'nbiiiJied daily e:vccp|, Momlay (Inrinp; (he regrilar academic year cif weekly during (he Hummer Se.s.sion. Delivered locally by carrier for .$.'{.50 per year, mail suljcdpllon:;, $4.00. ,
- N<‘d A. OvhillrJM* .f(jiu) li. 'JTai4?4iU rllil JollHEJlII
■Uail’:
J-'ublication Staff ALLDcijil-f' JsdiUir;; Anhv, ,1. ]J.‘ ArruB J'V 1. June:;, K. C, 'i. f'lark. J. JJ. !•
M'l
Business Staff Coi-il IlnsilicsM Maii.-uu'r; Uiii}iia Sic.sii ;
o-rn;'.l ronr
K i'lD-r.
lA .'J'. Jirephy, j
Kf'cl. 1
( '.vU i-ilalt : Mary IV jluyiitDii, AJict; (.'liailit.-M, Ja/K; Jia/nutlull. Phones: Ediforial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 ^ Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377
al Aflvvrlisin;' ManajMTs: iri'iiJalittn /VJaiiaj'.vr: VV. '1
Millard.
turiDr ( ofd Manaj.r<'rs; .Ji-aii 1'
Don S. IN)vv(*rH lailaiul VV. Ita/Tnvr Kulli KD.se
OfTin* Manager: laai
M. Saxlnii :
K. Cj.rnrD. K
AveiHiiita t
itikDiil" rry, J'’r;ui(;is Iduyd.
jialifjiiJiJ a<l'/iH'ti:.iii.i': hy Nal-iDUJil Advt'rl.is* I hdligc I'll bli;; 1)1'rs Kf’jji’usunlativcs, <120 York. N. y.
Staff For This Issue
Nif'Jit Amos I y.iiitor : Kbei tii
Jiay J'Jditor: itaiiisikdl
('lark
fit
Si>oiIk Kditor;
■/
I'. (:.
W, |i...,.,vvihl(lr ) . 'i'. K inilirt'l i
II, I). K, CliiKM, S. It .Wiill'c, II. W. lircwci-, It HU.iiti'i'!'., W. K. VVickiu'il, .1. I’lct.sU.in, M. I.. K:irWcl.un, IVl. 1., (,w<«..|.i.v, It 1...
/ lo as.sure coa.sl-lo-coairJ lelcjjhunc j'acililios adequale lo ine.til I'litnre (Iclcnse n(:c(l.s, llu; Holi Syslcm in cou(ilriicliun a iltfiO iniic, .529,000,000 ealilo line bclwoeu Oiiialia and Sacraniciito. Several newly dcyelo[>ed"|do>v trains,” wtirking I’rohi opposite ends oi:' tiie line, are Imrying the eaide I'or ■inaxinitim proleclion. d’iiey dig deep I'nri’ov.'.s, Jay I wo eahles in lliem and cover llieni with earlli—all in one contininms o[)eralion. '.I'lieir nieeling will mark eoiii]>lelioii ol.' life rirsi all cablo line aero.ss llie eontiiient. Carrier syslonis will he operated In the eahles—-one tlireelion of Iransniission in each. Tliis vast project is jitst one ol' lliousaiids in wliieli the Bell Systeiu is iiow cngacrul to provide additional eoiniininiealion Jacilities .so vital lo Aijiiy, Navy am! derense industries.
quartet made up of the members of the Concert (Ihoir, accompanied by Joariiie Lloyd, also presented sev-
eral numbers', d.e.g.
in the direction of the approachin engines. Becau.se convoys travel so close together these days, hits are almost certain. •
Submarines Jire hliml chiefly in ’ , the daylight. At night, oil the oth- fjf'^ 'A. A. jfUff/l
ei; hand, when the Biihmkiriue cannot be seen, it comes to the sur-
face.
'I'his i.s One reason for the increased miinher of merchant vessel casualties .since SopU'inher, for as the nights heeaine longer.
... of the division of education and applied p.sychology will address the Walton, Ind., I’arent-Teacher Association tonight. IJr. Smith has chosen as his topic “The Beal I^ur-
[lo.ses of the PTA.”
.TODAY FRI.-SAT.
LUHA
A PiCTS^i^g THAT THRILLS F©Rg¥ER.i . BY POPULAR S^ER/IANDl Three grand stars...in M-G-M’s spectacular love story
EXTRA UNIVERSAL NEWS
A WARNER BROS. PICTURE wilh WAYNE AAORPdS BRENDA MARSHALL ALEXIS SMITH ALAH HALE • LEE PATRICK • DAVID BRUCE
yAMS TIIIIAl - HV
A WARNER BROS. PICTURE wilh CONSTAMCE JEFFREY
BENNEH ■ LYNN
immsm
TODAY-FRI.-SAT.li ^
li T
m
• WHAT A MANN Iri 1923,’ eighteen years ago, the Purdue athletic department obtained the services of a slightly built trainer.by the name'of Lon Mann; For seventeen seasons previous to 1923 Lon, had been trainer , ht the University of Chicago, a period during which the Maroons had few peers in Athletics and when present Presijdent Hutchinson was still wearing knee pants. During the nearly two score of years which Lon Mann has been head Hoilermaker trainer he has gained the friendship and admiration of hundreds of Gold and Black athletes, whether majoring in football, squash, or golf. Few former athletes return to Purdue without passing a few words with Lon. They never' forget him. • THE BEST trainer AND A SWELL GUY During this same period of year's he has gained the reputation of \being.one of the finest, if not the best, university trainers in the nation. Not a few of his ideas havei been patented and are now being manufactured by leading sporting goods manufacturing companies. For instance, the nose protector which fits on helmets was first perfected by Lon back in 1927 to protect the proboscis of Glen Harmeson. These guards are now required equipment with most teanrs in the nation. • HECKER eOULDN'T KEEP HIS PANTS UP Back in 1933 halfback Fred Hecker was having trouble running because he couldn’t keep his pants’up. Had to keep jerking at them all the time. So ingenious Lon takes an old inner tube and a belt buckle to make the first elastic football belt, now standard equipment with most major teams. A lot of football players in the country owe the comfort with which their hip pads fit to this same Boilermaker trainer. He had the novel idea of putting elastic in laces in order to provide them more give power. Nor do they require breaking in. • AIRFLOW FOR GRIDDERS His newest innovation is a shoulder pad with a bladder in each side which is inflated for protection. Lon first ti'icd this Iasi, year, and this season one of the largest sporting goods, companies is making them. • WHAT A PARTY MAN But perhaps Lon Mann’s mo.st widely known attribute is his ability as a party man on trips with the team. When Lon and Doe Miller get together with the team after a ball game so many things -happen it takes the next week of practice sessions to get everything that occurred straightened out. Lon has been around the athletic plant so long that he has so much tradition about him he overflows with it. Players and coaches come and go, but Lon .stays on. He’s a great guy.
APOLOGY Our humble apolog'y is hereby publicly given to Mr. Ossie Solem, football coach at Syracuse University. In our yesterday’s column we used the name Ossie Simmons, former gi'oat colored football star at the University of Iowa, instead of the correct name of the Syracuse coach, Ossie Solem. There’s no excuse for such an error, Unless it’s becau.se we cut two classes yesterday and therefore had less sleep than usual. ,
GRIDDERS PRACTICE INDOORS Yesterday afternoon the Boilermaker football sq.uafl was forced indoors by the -rain, that fell throughout the biggest part of the day. The workout was begun outdoors but shortly after four o’clock it was evident that it would be impossible to continue under such adverse weather conditions. Several members of the squad were already nursing colds caused by the combination Aquacade and football game staged at the Polo Grounds last Saturday. Bob Chester, one of the bright lights in the Fordham game, missed yesterday’s workout because of a bad cold. It is possible that Bob may be forced to miss the Michigan State game if his condition does not improve. Left Half Unhealthy Spot Should Bob be forced out of thfe Spartan clash he will have fallen victim to the misfortune that has dogged the footsteps of Riveter left halfbacks this season. First Johnny Galvin sustained a face injury that forced him out of the"- game, then Kenny Srhock, who was filling Galvin’s shoes to overflowing, received a knee injury that has caused him to miss the greater part of two games already. Now Chester is havr ing his share of left halfback ti'ouble. Melton Returns To Action Riveter football fans will be heartened to learn that Co-Captain Tom Melton took part in today’s scrimmage and showed little effect of his forced layoff, Kenny Smock was at practice limbering up but took no part in the contact work; There is little chance that the brilliant Kenny will see any action before the Wisconsin fray. To continue on the gloomy note, Pete Timperman also was very noticeable by his absence. The veteran Riveter lineman did not get a chance to play against the Rams (Continued from page 3)
APPLETON BREAKS TAPE IN FRONT OF HOLDERMAN Running the tinie trials for. the State Cross Country meet, despite a heavy downpour, provided Coach Phillips with a surprise yesterday afternoon. After a valiant effort to overcpme a one hundred yard lead, Captain Ed Eolderman was nosed out by Woody Appleton, ah up and coming member of this syear’s squad. Appleton’s time was 20 minutes and 40 seconds which was fairly fast considering the weather con- ——^,— ditions. CAMPUS WALKING RACE Yesterday’s trials were run in an effort to select seven men for, CCT CAD UCYT TIIECnAV the Big and Little State Cross Jtl rUK NCAI IUljI/AT . country Meet which will be run on . . , , .. the Riveter course next Saturday -m insufficient number of co™- The seven men petitors caused postponement of the that qualified are: Captain Ed Hold-all-campus>alking race until next erman. Woody Appleton, Don Kemp, Tuesday November 11. Originally scheduled for yesterday . afternoon MacLaughlin and Al Jentsch.on Intramural Field, the annual race drew only a mere handful of All Hbosier Schools Represented contestants and was called off. Schools represented in the Big Six medals will be awarded win- State meet will be: Purdue, Indiana, ners in |he event, and M. L. Clevett, Notre Dame, Wabash, Butler, Earldirector of intramural activities,. ham and Indiana Central. In the hopes for a turnout of at least a Little State meet there will be: Butscore of walkers. ler, Wabash, Indiana Central, Earl- ' ham, DePauw, Manchester, and
Taylor.
The two meets will be run separately and a champion will be crowned in each division. Defending champion in the Big Ten division is Indiapa. The Cream and Crimson-has retained this title for the last six years. In the' Little State the title will be defended by Butler University, former alma mater of Coach Herman Phillips.
Meet the Team Presenting,,^
IM Schedule
MILITARY SOFTBALL
Today
Diamond 1—A1 vs. Sa.
7 :00 7:15 8:00
CARY HALL BASKETBALL
Today
Court 1—W. V. Stephans Cary Hall . 2 vs. Cary Hall 7. Cary Hall 3 vs. Cary Hall 10. Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 13. , Court 2—Harry Schwartz ■ Cary Hall 4 vs. Cary Hall 0. 5 Cary Hall 5 vs. Cary .Hall 11: Court 3—J. Behring Cary Hall 12 vs. Cary Hall 8. Cary Hall 9 vs. Cary Hall 14. TOUCHBALL
Today
i ■ Sigma Chi vs. Sigma Nu. OfYicial:
Tepas.
Phi Kappa Tau vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. Official: Meyer, Sigma Alpha iilpsilon vs. Alpha ( Chi Rho. Official :/Baldaul’. Phi Kappa vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. Official: Stephans. Beta Theta Pi vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. Official: Glazer. Phi Kappa Psi vs. Beta Sigma Psi. Official: Tulin. Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Pi Kappa Phi. Official: Wente. Delta Tau Delta vs. Phi Gamma Delta. Official: Belt. Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Phi Delta Theta. Official: Rafferty. ^ Delta Upsiloii, vs. Alpha Sigma Phi. Official: Olds. Alpha Tau Omega vs. Theta Tau. Official: Jones.
Charley Ehrlich By Don Brewer Mai Elwai'd’s number one case of mistaken identity on the Boilermaker, grid squad is Charley Ehrlich, 185 pound, six foot, rough and tumble junior guard from Am-
herst, Ohio.
Playing 40 minutes of hard tackling and blocking against the Fordham Rams last Saturday, Ehrlich was mistaken for Co-captain Jim Miller by both fans and press-box officials because of the grime and mud he accumulated from the
sloppy field.
Rams Gave Biggest Thrill Charley says it was his biggest
thrill in football, even though he was not given- much recognition.
Outstanding Event
The meet Saturday promises to be one of the outstanding athletic events of the year staged here. The Boilermaker squa-d has an excellent outlook on the .outcome. .The advantage of running the meet on
the Gold and Black course is also. ” brightened by the fact that Coach Rlile Club
Phillips team has a victory over ■ lU this 'Year. lU, the defending champion, is again a major threat for the title, so the Riveters will also be considered as a threat. The meet will be run on a four mile course instead of the usual
three mile course, s.a.w.
... will hold a special organization meeting in Room 105 of the Fieldhouse at 7:i5 this evening.
With the eomplieaied tion.s for the third attntiai A4ti0 cade to be held ctn the week-end « the 28th and 29tb already and» way, this year's gala water shtwr should undoubtedly-prove to be the finest yet. This year for the first time, the University Glee Club will be co-featured with the water hatlet stnd a. galaxy of ^wiiiiihing stors in the dual presentation of this eyefilling affair. . Excepting that the record tties will be different, both shows be nearly identical, the first being on Friday evening with SatardayS presentation winding up the aSaiifi Patriotic Saits Highlighting the Aqiiacade wifi be three ballet performances, namely, the Wooden Soldier’s Hallet,.the Flipper’s Ballet and the Lover'i Ballet. The first mentioned is a very difficult number in which twelve girls strive to give a mechanical doll effect while swimming in neari ly eight feet of water. Red, white and blue suits add much to the gerfr eral effectiveness. The Flipper Ballet is a nov^ routine executed by four girls and four boys all wearing rubber flippers on their feet. This number is one of the most difficult to perfonfi due to the fact that everything is done Avithout the use of the hand#. During this ballet, the Glee Club will be accompanying the swimmer# with their rendition of “Finlandia.” Flippers A Help In addition to the above balleti the flippers, a new aid to swiifiming in the shape of a duck's foot: will be used in several flipper races. These “paddles” originated in the South Sea Islands. Their forerunners were the tropical palm leaves which the natives used in diving; With these leaves tied to the,divert feet they were able to go much deeper in addition to increasing their speed. -= Two girls and two boys will bb featured in the fast moving Lover's Ballet. Here the Glee Club will fturnish the romantic background With the singing of “Moonlight.” ;"
I*
1 A
V,'
We have just unpacked a group of fascinating new charmers, — for you. Evening dresses of the latest styles, with perfectly suited accessories — is our contribution to the success of the opening formal season.
FORMAL ACCESSORIES • Formal Wraps " • Evening Sandals • Evening Jewelry • Formal Bags ■ • Formal Gloves' • Formal^lips • Formal Brassieres
.0Ki
413-17 Main Street
Buy Your ARROW SHIRTS at
leoMAiNsr.
CUUKSSNWINC.
"HOLD THAT IINET
Buy Your ARROW SHIRTS at
Arrmv shirts go the whole day long witliout a “suj).” In the Arrow, backlield is Hitt, a fine white broadcloth shirt that is allAmerican in its longwearing and non-wilting constitution., Cut to fit your torso and Sanforizedshrunk (fahfiq shrinkage less than 1%). Get Hitt today! $2.
Si's
Get ,*Yoiir ARROW SHIRTS
at
WEST LAFAYETl’E
Arrow Sprinter Shorts Here’s what the Arrow Sprinter shorts have got: 1— An all-around elastic top that fits snugly and comfortably and permanently! 2— No buttons to button; no buttons to sew back
3—Arrow’s patented “seamless crotch” — a4 center seam to chafe you. ■4—Sanforized-Shrunk; the cloth' wirn’t even 1%1 It’s guaranteed. Bet Arrow SPHINTERS <oiia«. 7Se Well worth itt
Dewenters 416 Main Street
A-;> ' ^ -j
S-fi
■nj^ fKs^’-wf
•i^ n * f 4^ i « .
ptmedt
■'F '^9'> S^f
>\v\.
"’ Thursday^ ^> Nov^Bt Bet
t yi <"'
) 4s,
/
-j." s
Skkmul Jtiia Haywoiih
&.U
Minicn EXii^M^AR
lEGIBILltl |IU16
Atl
prGGf LAMmr j)Aiaiir GOT>
iomaie'tt
«e«MAN ci/rs 3 ^
'Sargeaiii forr,
Pi^gy Lambeit has made tli6 final cut for the varsity basketball squad
All students on campus Who are announces a personnel of 2^ paiticipating in extracui nculai ac- rj,^^ f^n gquad is composed of Cap^ tivities should be awaie that their Blanken, Piosty Sprqwl, eligibility foi carrying on these ac- Howaid Hoffman, Geoige Fields, A1
Meeting on this camb^s, tlie Parents’ Institute has attracted over 300 persons fiom all paits of the state The meeting^ began last Tues-
tivities IS set out in a list of rules Menke, Jack Swantz, Cecil Polk, day and ends tljis mofmttg
made by the Committee of Extra cuiiiculai Activities The lules are (1) Student must have a 3 5 scholastic index aveiage foi all pievious academic woik at the Univer-
sity
(2) This index will make him eligible foi a manageiial, elective, oi
appointive office
(3)
giade in health may be declared in eligible by the Student Health Serv-
ice
(4) In case of question of eligibility the dean of men, dean of women, and the chairman of the Committee of Extracuiiicular Activities shall be final authority (6) A 3 6 index is also necessary
Red Caress, John Coni ad, Midkey Tieiney, Pied Kiampe, Horsey Riley, Seaboig, Kieffer, Lawson, Wright, Kneutzel, Adams, Biower, Fried, Bob Chester and Bob Johnson
Sophomores Prominent
Outstanding sophomores on the
The theme of yesterday morning’s session was “The Position Of Youth Today” Dean Maiy jVlattheWs, De^n Clafe COolidge, and Mis Inez R Canan, secretary of the Lafaydtte YWCA, were the principal speakers At 6 30 last evening a dinner was
All students having a failing squad are A1 Melke, brother to the |>ven for the visitors in the Home
Indiana combination of Bob and Economics building At the dinner
i#^talwfed >vith Fred Astaire in Columhia’s spectacular- ^nW"*a^lcal, for participation in the following
“You’ll Never Get Rich ” which opens Saturday at the Mars Tjieatre Rohert Benchlej and John Hubbaid head the featured cast Cole Porter
composed the music for the arm\ camp film
Bill “Jumpin’ Jack” Swantz, rangy soph centei, stands six fdet, five inches Sophomores Bob Chester and Bob Johnson and Senior Frosty Spiowl are all out for football and will join the hardwood squad at the completion of the giidiion season The freshman squad has also
VJtaiY PlAYfRS GIVE AWKIAL PlAY IN JEFF
SIX TO ATTEND ENTOMOLOGY
ABttTORIUM ON SUNDAY CONFERENCE
activities Debate, Glee Club, Con- been reduced to 22 but a fuither cut cert Chon, University Orchestra, will be made in about a week Lamall of the campus dramatic pioduc- bert plans to reduce the freshman
tions, and radio work on WBAA (6) Special lules for the other activities will be considered as in-
dividual cases
(7) Heads of all student organizations must present a list of stu-
Dr Mary Gutter idge spoke on ‘^Balancing the Needs of the OlderYounger Children of the Family ” Student musical organizations provided entertainment at the dinner-
meeting
This morning concludes the threeday session Isabelle Diehl, Dr Cecilia Schuck, Rabbi Meyer H Simon, and Dr Mary Gutteridge will make speeches concerning the youth and the community p s
FOR DISTINGUISHED BRA^ ERY Sergeant York received the highest honors ever given to a U S soldier. Gary Cl^opei portrays the great American hero in the motion picture, “Sergeant Yqrk,” Which IS based bn York’s own diary. Starts Sunday at the Lafayette.
PROF. REMMERS
dents who come undei the above lules, and aie in then activity c h h
sqUad to a moie workable combination of fiom 12 to 15 members In formei years the Rhinies numbeied
about 20
It IS thought that this move is
made to cut down on the number of the class, a lengthy survey on the sophomoies turning up each yeai subject was prepared from the at-
(Continued from page 1)
DR. GEORGE URDANG TO ADDRESS SCHOOL OF PHARMACY NOV. 10
John Furstenberig
Annual Inteifoundational play “The Enemy,” by Channing Pollock, will be produced this Sunday eve ning at 8 in the Jeffeison high school auditor lum This play which lan foi several years on Broadway follows the lives of ceitain human beings just like oui selves as they expeiience the sacrifice of human lives and heart breaks which accompanied World War I The play is directed by Miss Ann Pierce, student director of the WesIfey Players, and is sponsored by the T-ippecanoe County Ministerial As sociation The admission is free and reserved seat tickets may be obtained at the Wesley Foundation any day this week
Seventh annual Conference of Indiana, Kentucky, and Illinois Entomologists and Hoiticulturists will meet in Danville, 111, Friday Attending from the Univeisity aie Prof C L Buikholder and Prof Monioe McCown, Horticulture department, G E Marshall, G E Lehker and Prof J J Davis, Entomology department, and Dr R C Baines of the Botany department. Delegates will consider results of reseaich accomplishments with orchard insects in the past season and will plan spray schedules for 1942 Representatives fiom the Federal Bureau of Entomology will also be present gws.
FORENSIC MANAGERS INITIATE SOCIAL SEASON
and to give the frosh more stamina and experience by dint of more time in practice scrimmage sessions The freshman squad thus far is
titudes shown by elementary psychology students in the University, most of whom were sophomoies Results of the survey showed that
made up of Biddle, Boots, Burnett, similar populations of University
Initiating their social season, all ed and coed forensic managers will gather behind the stadium tonight for an old-fashioned barbeque The forensic managers, who are in charge of all campus debating, will all meet at the Alpha Xi Delta house at 5 tonight and leave for the picnic together
Coon, Ehleis, Hoehammei, Jones, Kennedy, Keicheval, Lange, Martens, Mason, Moms, Moore, Mont nero, Meyer, Meyers, McVey, Pearson, Ritchie, Server and Wistman o t c
DAD'S DAY
Notices
Listen son-Smith
Furdne Gymnastic Club" Practice every week day from 4 6 pm Tumbling and hand balancing every Tues Thurs and Sat Apparatus work every Mon Wed and Pri Those inteiested are asked to work out at the indicated times —POZER
This little gal just can’t seem to Btaji out of the column veiy long, but that doesn’t make us mad It’s Dinah with the velvet vocals, the satin songs, and the plush pipes She’s picked up a little Latin tempo in her latest recording and mixes it Up with some blue blue stuff The beguine beat is something a little new to the Shore fans, but when you listen to the “B” side of number 11322 you’ll realize that Delilah must have used it on her man Samp son Dinah from the deep Sooth really sets the hekrts aflutter with “Is It Taboo” to fall in love with you’ such silly questions The answer IS, “Nooooo, Mam ” Skunk Song Doesn’t Stink Gad, the things that do get on records' Tommy Doisey has given in to a little tomfoolery by the name of “The Skunk Song” This record has really received big buildups from other souices and ve can’t see why the best one shouldn’t also give it its worth Therefore, ve are do-
ing just that
But seriously (il you can get that
PIA Membership Salesmen Please check in membeiship books with money by Frid ly evonini. Eo\ Also have any dance titl tts th it you might have
—GORIS
(Continued fiom page 1) will furnish the music for the occasion , For those who are staying over until Sunday afternoon the twentyfirst annual Hoiticulture Show of fers many attractions Exhibits of flowers, fruits, vegetables, green house crops and insect pests will be on display fiom 1 to 5 Sunday afternoon in the University greenhouses and the Hoiticulture Build
ing a p h
YOUTHS WILL GET TEN SCHOLARSHIPS FOR AG COURSE
students expressed considerably greater liberalism in 1939 than in 1931 although there was a marked setback in 1937, there aie no sig nificant sex differences in liberalism, there was no appreciable diffeience in liberalism between members of the group that signed names to the study and the total gioup, and proved a correlation between liberalism and psychology percentiles, the Otis IQ, and the Iowa
Comprehensive percentiles
Dr George Urdang, of the University of Wisconsin staff, will be a guest of the Pharmacy School next week when he comes to the University to address students and faculty on “Retail Phai macy as the Nucleus of Pharmaceutical Industry,” on Nov 10 Dr Urdang is an editor, as well as a duectoi of the Ameiican Institute of the Histoi y ot Phai macy. Dr Udang’s visit is being sponsoied by Kappa Psi, phai maceutical liateinity, and the American Phaimaceutical Association The meet ing IS open to all inteiested poisons UNION SHOW
former student at the University, has graduated from the United States Naval Air Training Station, leceiving an ensign’s com^ mission in the Naval Reserve He received his commission on hTov 1
Gridders Practice
(Continued from page 1) around on the campus for Stan-
Ten $50 scholarships to the eight weeks winter course m Agiicultuie are being offered by the social and
(Continued on page 4)
because he had a
tc^uch
of fevei
brough Charlie has kept the cast in laughter for weeks with his original punch lines, as he never uses the, same joke twice—even in rehearsal
educational department of the Indi- To date his condition has not im- Tickets Going Past
WAA Archers inuividual tournament must be sTk t by Friday Nov 7 You may shoot an^ nij^hi at 4 pm —JOHNSON
NANCY COOPER WINS TENNIS TOURNAMENT
ana Farm Bureau to outstanding members of the Indiana Rural
Youth Club
Scholarships Are Gifts
One schloiaship is to be given to a boy or girl in each of the ten Farm Bureau districts These scholarships are made possible through the Gertrude Modlin Memoiial Loan Fund which IS dedicated to the purpose of furthering the education of faim
proved materially and so Pete, too, IS on the list of doubtful starters Spirit Is High In spite of the fact that most of the playeis aie not up to pai physically, team spiiit is lather high The blocking and tackling was of the savage variety, moie like a Rivetei game at Blooirpngton than a workout in the Fieldhouse Bob
BAO s All bitterv ithlttic officpis who iliil T1( t attcncl mpetini, T1 ursday Octobi-r 30 see It Vintlirfirl it cailiebt oppor tunili —VANDEREORD
, , , , , Keisey playing at left end on de
Playing against Mildied Smith, youth These scholarships, however, beautiful stops
Tickets aie going fast but are still available at 20 cents fiom membeis of the Student Union The 1941 Union show will begin at 8 o’clock Saturday night with the orchestra giving out on the first note of a “solid” medley of several types of the modem mode of music Anything may happen (and does) even before the first cuitain—so be on time to.fhis year’s Union Show
AIChE Chem nnd Met subscriptions can be obtained from the following Barns KiTybill South ud Ray Smith Santini Lerncr — KRAYBILL
Ceres All men ire expected to enter the Ceres Corps Judk.inK: Contest U be held Satuidav No\ la in Ak Hill Prizes awaidtd Enti> blinks m ly be obtained fiom Prof r r Robbins oi pledpes ~BYER
Nancy Cooper won the finals in the WAA tennis singles finals The tournament was started at the be-
ginning of the semester
Next spring WAA will hold tournaments in mixed doubles Tourna-
ments between student and faculty semesters The short membeis are also being planned p s. year will begin Jan 19 h e
are to be gifts, and not loans The eight weeks course is de signed especially for farm youth who V ould not be able to attend the University due to the long fanning season which extends through both
couise this
Delta Rho Kappa Pledges Mcctiru, at 5 p m Ihuibdav No\ 6 in T03 of the Union Those who wish to ordei ktys brinj? $1 '"5 This will be the jnlv oppoitunitv to ( rdcr them BICRIEIN
All Independent Students You are in vited t) the hrst Ward party to be held in Mcmonal Gvmnasium Fiiday Nov 7 from 8 to 11 30 p m WARD CHAIRMAN
WAA Hockey N) allstii pi icIilc Fri da> NoV 7 Ficshman Sophomore game insteid —BLAGRAVE
Ushers and Police for Michigan State Game Repoit to Cite 3 of Stadium Satur day Nov 8 it 12 15 p m ^11 men not chccl ed in by 12 4o p m will be counted absent RANEY
Purdue Women’s Club Conti act lessons
, J 1 V J.1 J will begin r ndav Nov 7 at the Union way about this disk) this lecoiding piomptlj at 2 p m Cost is 25e per lesson
fills up both sides of Victor No 27fi21 with a complete picture of the Dorsey band There’s the vocal by “Chuck” Peterson and the Pied Prpers and even Mr T D himself says a few words about the whole thing Of course, the words are the thjng but listen to the band too, in the course of two sides they tan get in some mighty nice playin’.
Barnet Is Smoothie
4 In the Barnet section ot the shelf we found one of his smooth waxmgs, and we do mean smooth Charlie has been dishing tons of his hot stuff out to us and now we know why; it wa*: all just a big buildup tg this sweetest ot the sweet and smoothest ot the smooth The rec- LhouVd
WAA No Intramural Board mcetinir this week Watch foi notice of a meetinj, next week FORD
Kappa Psi All membeis please be pres ent at ipen foium and address by Dr Uidant, on Mond ij Nov 11 at 7 30 p m Room oil in Pharmacy Building
—SCOTT
Society of Automotive Engineers Bill Sav( r> will give a tieatise on steam driven aut mobiles tn Thiisdiy Nov 0 at 7 30 p m Ihe meeting will be in Room o03 ot the Union FOX
PIA Dancing Class Iht legular lesson will be hfld on luesday Nov 11 at the same time and place instead of Monday Any and all et eds are invited to attend
—PECSOK
WAA Spec 1 isday Nov
Yell 4VV
dball louinamcnt game ( at t p m on field Red -GAI BRAlfH
Sports Edition Saturday All sports men as well as ill editorial Deshmen and soph morrs who ir( scheduled to woik that day bf present Please rejfoit to the
Ofd IS kinda slow and ditamy with “you Were There” as the title Oh, UBljy gosh, arfd then theic’s ihe vocal bi Bob fan oil—it’s i tally some stuff And as kind of a itmindei — dgh’t fail to listen to that bounce by iiB alto in the middle chorus—it’s th6 maestro
Uni >n
nmt inUb after the footbill game
RUIrNFR
All Senior Cadet Officers Rep rt to main eTFiee n the AnneiyFiiday Nov 7 between 1 and '■ I m to rcetivc i av due them GRAHAM
Woodrow Stockton
All Militarv Students All membeis of tie Cjrjs u refju steel le in then plites in the AimPiy at 10 8 i m lues dav Nov 11 111 erdei tliat n movement will tak pJae in the Aimny dinng tiie Armistice Day Mojnanal Bcrviet it 11 a m CRAHAM
„ . . foimer Uinveisity student, has accepted a position as Assistant ll|)ra) Rehabilitation Supei visor w|tb Farm Security Administi ation, headquarters at Lalaye^. For the past ten w etks he has Fedeial Inspector for the JKIpluiUto -eannmg Co. of Lafayette.
Scabbard and Blade Meeting 1 night 4 15 K( m 105 Aimny Jmioitant RUBY
1 rephn mg lattunb on feituidiv N( a m Iv seho is Stud nts wl n tines begin with A IS Room 201 Cl Bldg 11 J tui Re om in Miel le 1 Glide n Sb< p I 1 li Riem 254 Ei IRelg and S/ Rum 12) IE Bldg KNAl 1
Novict Pistol Students desiring to hi m 5th N P Gioup which nlarts Nov mu\ sign up in supply room of Armoiy now
—BROWN
25
TOAST of the EVEimO
Suave, smooth and sophisticated in a spark ling gown from the FASHION to make the Ball an evening he’ll always remember.
$15.00
Others to $25 00
Look To . . .
for more style at less cost
back of the line of scrimmage with low haid tackles that could be felt
on the sidelines
“T” Formation Used
The hnemen repeatedly opened large holes for the backs to go through, and the slashing running attack varied with a tiicky aeiial offense repeatedly set the defense
Classified Ads
Money to Loan on anything of v line Alberts loan Office Pawnbrokers and Jewelers 407 Columbia St
*.1. 1-1 r\ /» .1 Typewriters—Adding Machines all mikes DRCk on their heels One OI the sold rented lepiucd md purchased Mime
Mam
leatures of the offensive game was Sydte Phone 2776 the use ot the “T” foimation in ,1-1, T-. I'''* Not(bool Name Tsu Zoo
conjunction vith the Notie Dame Tnnpr RewarO Moie than new n tebo )k shitt This combination makes the "'i**
Riveter attack a lot haider to solve and if the weathei improves sufficiently by game time Satuiday football fans are sine to see a wide open, diveisified attack elk
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
GOOD PRINTING
PAINLESS PRICES
More Style for Less Money Kane's Print- Shop
401 S 29th St
Phone 5205
For These Rainy Days Complete Your Fall Wardrobe With an Alligator Coat
From
^juUumX.
Fine, while, slaiTclied collars and stiff cuffs lead the list of the many advantages of laundered shirts at CROWN LAUNDRY.,
Crown Laundry
I N E C L E A
‘J
4
■Mi
ff 'll' 'lIlilMBHiMlii