T
Prof. 0. Hall Will Speak For First Marital Lecture “Ignorance will break down some very^ promising marriages,” said Prof. O. F. Hall of the education department last night, ^‘And in my lecture this afternoon I’m going to point out that a knowledge of basic facts, plus the ability to think and to act with others, is essential to achieving a successful marriage.” That was Professor Hall’s brief summary of the talk he will present to senior men and women in the Education Building lecture room at 4 p. m. today. With this address, he will have been the inaugural speaker for all seven of the aimual series of marital lectures ... started in 1932 /at the request of a group of senior men. To Attack Old Idea “I’m going to attack the old idea of falling in love and then living happily ever afterward” stated Professor Hall. “Both the will to achieve and knowledge of sex hygiene, social, and economic aspects are necessary.” Seniors attending today’s lecture will receive copies of Professor Hall’s newly edited “Some Modern Marital Maxims.” It has been his custom each year to pass out written information and, just a few days ago a letter came to his office requesting a copy of “Ten Marital Commandments,” which he prepared three years ago, and which reached a wide circulation.
Purdue Exponent
tHDRSDAY Tehtumy 17, 1938 Ltdayette, luSima VOL, 43 No. 113
Charlie Agnew Signs For Sophomore Cotillion
rr
Rabbi Silver Will Speak Sunday On "What Is Permanent In Character? “What is Permanent in Character?” will be the subject of Dr. Abba Hillel Silver Sunday mornjng at 10:30 o’clock, when he speaks for the University religious convocation in Eliza
Fowler Hall.
Dr. Silver, rabbi of one of the largest liberal Jewish congregations in America, is the author of several books and articles including: “Messianic Speculations in Israel,” “The Democratic Impulse in Jewish History,” and other works of religious and sociological interest. He was a former member of President Hoover’s Unemployment Relief Commission and was one of the first advocates of an unemployment insur-
ance bill in Ohio.
Appeared Here Before Rabbi Silver appeared on the University religious convocations twice previously and is regarded by University students as one of the most
popular speakers on the convoca-
tion series.
The Rabbi, a leader of the Zionist movement in this country, is on the Natiorial Child Labor Commission, the commission on militarism in education, the American Civil Liberties Union, the National World Court Committee, and the National Committee for Mobilization for Hu-
man Needs.
As a man wide awake to the social and economic problems and movements of the day. Rabbi Silver is known for his beliefs and viewpoints. A native of Lithuania, he has resided in 'this country since
childhobd.
New Cary Hall To Contain Sweet Shop
/By Jim Davis Summer Employment, Sales Work J. J. Evans, Jr., personnel manager, and C. F. Hawker, chief engineer of the Armstrong Cork Co., Lancaster, Pa., will visit the University Monday. Evans is interested primarily in outstanding seniors with personality and interest which suit them for sales work. Hawker is interested in two or three sophomores and juniors in engineering who would like summer employment with his company. Partners In Business, an Armstrong Cork Company publication, is available in the main offices of the various schools. Students interested should read this booklet and sign up on the interview lists provided. 0—0—0 Mechanicals Ed D. Chapman, employment manager of the R. R. Donnelly & Sons Company, Chicago, has several openings in his organization for mechanical engineers. He wants interested senior mechanicals living in the Chicago area to visit him during spring vacation. In a recent letter he stated: “These men should have good personalities, should rank at least in the upper half, and maybe the upper quarter of their class, and should be the type of men who would be willing to go to work on the presses and learn their operation at a starting rate of $30 per week.” Seniors interested should interview Chapman in Chicago on their own initiative. They shoul^ also sign the interview sheet in Professor Young’s office. Mechanicals P. S. Stephens, chief engineer, and C. S. Wagner of the BucyrusErie Company, South Milwaukee, Wis., will visit Purdue on Thursday afternoon, February 24. He wishes to interview 10 mechanical engineering students concerning employment. The Bucyrus-Erie Company manufactures cranes and large excavating equipment. They provide an apprentice course of 18 months duration for newly employed men. During tke first 12 months, the employee works in various departments. The last six months he spends in the department for which he shows greatest interest and aptitude. The salary for the first year is $116 per month, and $126 per month for the last six months. Seniors interested in being considered for an interview please sign up in Professor Youhg’s office. A booklet containing information about the products of this company is available there.
By Bob Van Hook Ice cream, malted milks, sodas, sandwiches—all within a few steps of your room. Such is the prospect facing Cary Hall residents. To eliminate the nightly disturbance caused by the nocturnal purveyors of refreshments, Hall Manager Arbuckle announced that an up-to-date sweet shop is being planned for the new Cary Hall Northwest. Upon being questioned, Arbuckle hastily denied any competition withi the current sweet shop. “There is no intention of running the Union out of business,” he stated modestly. “Our enterprise is not planned on a very large scale.” Profits from the undertaking are
to be shared by the students, the money being used to finance the dances and other social functions sponsored by the Cary Club. Up to the present, the feminine camp has voiced little comment on the subject, but it is quite probable that WRHers will express themselves rather freely when the proposed plan becomes effective. Marge Starrett, Heroine In'Of Thee I Sing/Was..
Freshmen To Elect WSGA Candidates At Meeting Feb. 24 Freshrpan representatives for WSGA’s executive board will be chosen at a Co-edislature meeting, February 24 in Fowler Hall. Two representatives will be selected by vote of freshman co-eds. Candidates must turn in petitions for the office not later than 5 p. m. Monday. A petition may be drawn up by the candidate, but must be signed by at least 25 of her classmates. Portraying campus life, “The Trial of Peggy Fairfax” will be presented in skit form at the Co-edisla-ture meeting. The time for this election and general meeting has not yet been set, but will be announced later. Kraybill Appointed To Poiash Committee Dr. H. R. Kraybill, state chemist, seed commissioner, and head of the University agricultural chemistry department, has been named on a national committee for the conservation and use of national potash resources. The coipmittee, composed of men from land-grant colleges and universities and the U. S. Department of Agriculture, will plan for permanent benefits to Americans from the proper use of potash. K. D. Wood Will Speak For Glider, Flying Clubs Prof. K. D. Wood, head of the aeronautical option, will speak at a joint meeting of the Glider Club and Plying Club this evening in room 108 of the ME Building at 7:30 o’clock. Professor Wood will speak on light planes, and their use by private pilots. The clubs announce that anyone may attend the'meeting.
seated in a easy chair in room 1 bf the Union. She had just finished practice. Questions were in order. At Marion High School Marge had parts in three high school plays and was in the grade school operetta. “I didn’t think much about singing on the stage, but I’ve always wanted to act.” My Biggest Thrill Shyly she said, “I didn’t know I could sing until I came to Purdue. My biggest thrill came when I sang my first popular song on one of the Union Variety Hours in October. That was grand!” Marge will be Mary Turner, a secretary, at the beginning of the play. 'At the end she is the wife of the candidate for president. “I tlijink the pla^y will be grand. The music is swell.” And she’ll be glad to play opposite Sal. “It will be swell working with Sal. We’ve sung together a lot.” No Favorite Actor Carole Lombard is Marge’s idea of the perfect actress.. She has no male hero, or at least she couldn’t think of one. Every one remembers Marge in her first public appearance here in the “Black and Tan Fantasy.” Also she sings over WBAA and has been on several Union Variety Hours.
Tickets Remain For Playshop’s Current Show Tiekets to the Playshop’s production, “I’ll Marry the Actress,” are still available for the performance tonight, Friday and Saturday nights. Main floor tickets for tonight’s performance are completely sold out, and the tickets still obtainable are for balcony seats. General admission tickets and tickets for seats on both the main floor and balcony may stijl be obtained for Friday and Saturday nights._ Friday night will be formal night, and those buying main floor tickets should dress formally. This arrangement was made so that those who wished to attend the Scabbard and Blade dance'and also the show Friday night could do so. Those who wish to attend Friday night’s show in an informal attire, may do so by obtaining balcony seats. The show will begin at 8 instead of 7:30 o’clock on both Friday and Saturday nights. Single admission tickets may be purchased at the Fowler Hall box office for 50 cents. Bridge Lessons Reopen Tonight Experienced bridg'e players, as well as beginners, will now have access to the contract bridge instructions sponsored by the Student Union and given by J. L. Born, Lafayette Culbertson instructor. The first of the second series of lessons will be given tonight in the faculty lounge of the Union Building at 7:30 o’clock. Heretofore the bridge lessons were for beginners and instructions on the fundamentals of the game were given. Under the new plan, experienced bridge players not desiring lessons will be able to come at 8 o’clock and play bridge. Then at any time when the players wish assistance or advice on some technical point, they may consult the instructor. During the first part of the evening, one-half hour of instruction on bidding will be given. Hoof And Horn Club To Banquet Tonight Honoring Indiana livestock breeders and the livestock industry. Hoof
axiLi xxuixi
;4-r.
Indictna Weather Forecast for Indiana: Unsettled Thursday with occasional showers. Clearing by afternoon Friday. Temperatures: High 38; low 23; Mean 30.
banquet tonight at 6 o’clock in the Home Economics Building cafetei'ia, with Scott Meiks, manager of the Producer’s Commission Company, as the principal speaker. It is for this occasion that the animal husbandry students will present the traditional Knighting of Sir Loin. This pageant had,its origin in the University animal husbandry department six years ago and since that time has gained nation-wide recognition and publicity. At the Chicago Century of Progress Exposition, it was presented daily by professionals. Students in the pageant which takes place immediately before the meal, will knight a steaming, roasted loin of beef. Chicago Group Offers Graduate Scholarships Disciples Divinity House of the University of Chicago recently announced the availability of numerous scholarships to college graduates for the year 1938-1939. The stipend of $425 payable monthly, Clovers expenses for single men living in the House. Application may be made Dean E. S. Ames, 1166 East 67th street, Chicago, 111. Awards will be made April 1. jenkins Dislocates Hip Last evening W. F. Jenkins, sophomore public sei’vice engineer, dislocated his hip while jumping from a spring board in the gymnastic room of the Fieldhouse. The St. Elizabeth Hospital reported him to be in good condition.
MBS Maestro
Skull, Crescent Committee Plans Novel Decorations To Grace Ballroom At Dance Sophomore Cotillion committee annpunced last night they had secured Charlie Agnew and his band direct from Chicago’s Blackhawk restaurant to play for this year’s underclassmen affair to be held in the Union ballroom March 11. Agnew, genial maestro of the Mutual Broadcasting System, recently replaced Kay Kaiser at-the Chicago nightspot, where he will play until his appearance here March 11.
According to plans for the occasion being formulated by the committee, the ballroom will assume an entirely new and novel al)pearance in keeping with the symbols of Skull and Crescent, national sophomore men’s honorary. Decorations of a type unheard of by Union officials, will flage the ballroom that night.
Played Over Mutual
In addition to scores of radio appearances, Agnew and his orchestra have been the featured attractions at the Edgewater Beach Hotel, the College Inn, and the Stevens Hotel in Chicago, where his radio programs were aired over the Mutual network. From his present, stand in Chicago, Agnew may be heard regularly from the Blackhawk dur-
ing ills WGN radio time.
Tickets for the affair will be put on sale next Monday morning by members of Skull and Crescent. The number of tickets obtainable will be such as to limit the crowd to cus-
tomary cotillion size.
Charlie Agnew
Governor Townsend Stresses Future Planning At State-Wide Conference
In a speech before the first Indiana State-wide Planning Conference held in the Union Building, Governor M. Clifford Townsend said, “The spirit of democracy compels us to seriously utilize the methods of planning.” It was with this ideal in mind that the Governor addressed the conference last night. Governor Townsend was introduced to the meeting by President Elliott, who spoke briefly to the conference about planning. Dr. Elliott taking a slight liberty, referred to the planners as prophets, and then said that the biggest obstacle to educating the people is the majority of “educated” people. “Long-Range Planning” Continuing the general theme of the conference. Governor Townsend stressed the need of “long-range planning.” Citing, as an example, the moving of the town of Leavenworth, from a valley to a site about a half mile higher on a hillside, the Governor showed the futility of not planning for the future. He stressed his ambition to have the three governments—city, state, and nation-al—co-operate in planning for the future, including and not excluding the desires of the public.
Earlier in the day. Dr. Wm. A. Robson, of London, England, addressed the group at a luncheon speaking about future ideas in England and Europe. In a specific discussion of the Russian situation, he stated that “Moscow city government controls all the 160,000 acres of land and the city council sets aside land for this purpose or that purpose.” In this way the city controls the construction and proves that the work in Moscow is the most far-reaching in the world. Other speakers at the luncheon were Dean A. A. Potter, L. V. Sheridan of Indianapolis, W. H. Blucher of Chicago, and Prof. G. E. Lommel, of the University. Johnston Reads Paper The opening session of the conference included the reading of a paper by T. R. Johnston, in which he said, “We have planners who are purely visionary, who put their plans on blue prints and shelve them without any practical results. For such planning I have nothing but condemnation.” The group will conclude its activities on the campus this afternoon with a discussion of planning in connection with land and health.
Hanya Holm Explains Modern Dance
By Alice Martens “Men and women have both the part in modern dance,” asserted Hanya Holm firmly, shaking back her long lightish brush of hair. “Among all primitive people it was the men who danced. And they weren’t sissies!” Gesturing widely, her small hands described the graceful movements of a woman’s body, as opposed to the powerful movement of which a man is physically capable. There has to be this complementary pattern in dance. It is through the kinesthetic
Father Holland To Lead Marriage Discussion Second in a series of discussions on the Catholic viewpoint of modern marriage problems will be held im room D of the Uniozi tonight at 7 o’clock. Father Holland, Catholic studezzt pastor, will lead the discussion, that is open to all students.
sense—of feeling your own body do what another body is doing—^that appreciation of modem dance must begin Miss Holm says. After that, one may intellectualize, “But,” she hinted with a chuckle, “don’t think too much! Let yourself go, and feel!” Orchesis Club Honors H. Holm Hanya Holm and four of her troupe were personally interviewed by 50 co-eds at a tea given by the Orchesis Club in the Union. The dancing organization held the tea in honor of Miss Holm, who was the leading performer in Tuesday’s convocation. Miss Helen Knight, director of women's physical education; Louise Harry, president of Orchesis; and Miss Helen Hazelton were the chief hostesses.’ |5f>’ S !.«
‘ )T| ?* ’ fJ****''' •;
■' i"* *' 1
THE P0RDUE EXPONENT
As We Plan Today... ... so will develop our communities, cities, kates, and nations tomorrow. Or as we fail to plan todaj^ so will grow these governmental units . . . into disorderly and unhealthy areas for the occupancy of ourselves and our children. Planning—as one may readily believe upon glancing over the program of the state-wide conference in session at the University yesterday and today—takes in a lot 9f territory. In fact, the term, even as applied to a single city, touches upon every physical, and to a certain extent social and economic, aspect of the municipality: streets and sewer systems; traffic control; transportation by land, air and water; parks and playgrounds; housing; zoning ; etc. State, regional, and national planning attempt to work each of their smaller divisions into well-connected and harmonious districts. Some idea of the importance of planning in its various phases may be gleaned from a statement made by William A. Robson, London lawyer, last night. Said Lawyer Robson, “Democracies face their greatest challenge in the problem of planning for the future.” ^ That planning is not only desirable for our present citizenry, but is also a duty of this generation to its progeny was appointed out in talks by two of yesterday’s conference speakers. “Continuous planning, coupled with clear thinking, is needed to develop our state and nation’s resources,” said Dean of Engineering A. A. Potter in the keynote address yesterday morning. “We must consider that all our resources do not belong to us,” added Governor M. Clifford Townsend last night. “They belong to future generations, too. We have no right to waste them.” The way of our planners is not an easy one. Comparative newcomers as governmental agencies, their boards and commissions have often found themselves handicapped because of lack of adequate enabling laws. But, as one lawyer among the visitors said
the Purdue Exponent
^eocmted
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiand, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorised Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regvdar academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $3 per year; by mail $8.60. nBPRKSSNTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTleINQ BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave New York, N. Y. CHICAGO - Boston - Los Angeles - san Francisco
Editor-In-Chief
Bnsiness Hanacer ''
R. P. Maiiion
D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor. J* B* Brock Associate Editors —D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, I). R. Vance Editor’s Secretary— Margaret Sawyer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager— —J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager .W. J, GiUilan lA>cal Advertising Manager....^ R. R. Hensler Circulation Manager - M. C. Reeves CO-ED STAFF Editor - Elizabeth Pyke Associate Editors Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee SPORTS STAFF Editor ^ R, F. Obenchain Associate Editors .J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer MAIN OFFICE 812 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6037 Bulness Phone 6038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4905, ask for Exponent Office
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offcial University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-(Aief. Night Editor—Bailey Issue Editor—Houston Thursday, February 17, 1938
yesterday afternoon, “Law grows out of decisions upon actions; and when a planning commission goes ahead and does a thing, nine times out of ten it will be upheld by the courts, even though specific enabling legislation did not exist beforehand.’?
Leitari to tho Editor
There Is Liberalism . . . And Liberalism Dear Editor: In calling certain individuals “nar-row-minded” because they believe— in the light of the parent organization—that the PSA is a radical group, the writer of Saturday’s editorial does an injustice. Many people who are as sociallyminded as any PSA member see the liberalism behind the PSA as approaching a materialistic stage incompatible with important religious traditions in which they have been educated. One must remember that there are many forms of liberalism. Some are enduring, others are not. Those based upon, Christian ideals in human relationships will last forovor, those that do not particularly stress religious teachings will revert to paganism. J. M. Moser, ME ’40. Reader Moser will remember that our reference to “narrowminded” was qualified somewhat by “... persons who think
in terms of labels and who have not open-mindedly considered the work of the group (PSA).” Although the Purdue Student Alliance is affiliated with the American Student Union it does not—nor has not—shared all of the views of the latter organization ... as anyone who is familiar with the activities of the local chapter will know. “In the light of the parent organization” illustrates exactly one of the forms of narrowmindedness—“label” narrowmindedness. When PSA is mentioned, the person afflicted with that mental disposition thinks not of the group of Purdue students, but of the American Student Union, then they stretch the connection further into communism: thus, to him, the Purdue Student Alliance is “communistic.”—The Editor. WBAA Should ^•> XTn^ Xd-CN UvK/>c~t JL tCfF J.I/0 JL A CRRItO Dear Editor: In view of the fact that we of Lafayette and vicinity must listen to our own WBAA and only WBAA (because of the ever prevalent blanket-effect of the wave it emits) it is only right and fair that we receive some up-to-date programs
presented in an up-to-date manner. One needs only listen to our sister university’s station at UrbanaChampaign to note the awful contrast between the way a student station should be run and the way WBAA is being operated. It is really a pleasure to tune in WILL and listen to its modern handling of the broadcasting problem. Snappy announcements, snappy recordings at the close of a program instead of the dry monotones and ancient records that usher forth from our “Voice of Purdue,” make WILL a pleasure to listen to. When those students that are being trained at WBAA to work on a commercial station after graduation land a job on WLW or any other modern station, I have a feeling that they will find things handled very differently . . . So, Mr. G. D. Williams and staff . . . why not modernize the old schedule and give the Boilermakers something to be proud to listen to V Y R. I. EE ’40.
HIP
SCHREYER THROWN We don’t approve of news like this ... at least not for publication . . . but this is too good to keep. Martin “Marty” Schreyer has been thrown for a loss but he pinned his assailant. What we’re trying to say is that he put his pin on Jo Perkins. LONG SHORT sTORY They sat in his roadster. The top was down and the silvery moonbeams caressed and highlighted the sleek lines of her blue satin evening gown. Stray moonbeams filtered through her hair making little diamonds among the curls. ” Her chin was tilted upward defiantly and her nose, too. f There was a condescending smile faintly on her lips. He sat far in the other side of the car, sullen and dejected. His hair was rumpled and it was evident that they had been arguing about something. He turned his contorted face in her direction and in a pleading voice husky with emotion, murmured, “But I don’t understand.” “I don’t care whether you understand or not,” she retorted defiantly. “I WON’T help you with your calculus problems.” Bill Musham, the high kunnel of the core, was a bit embarrased the other day. He lacked a front tooth (lost it in a basketball gamb) and was supposed to pass a military physical exam. Ed Korty, who is quite a philosopher in his own way, says, “All you need to get thru Purdue is a raincoat and a slide rule.” Is the slide rule essential, Ed? The planners are in town attending the State-wide Planners conference. We’d be satisfied if they could figure out a plan whereby we could pass courses without attending a class ... or a plan for convincing the dean that we HAD to cut. We’ll have a surprise for you all later this week . . so until then . . . nuts (we couldn’t think of anything else to say). Then there is always the problem of what to do with a girl who drinks. Liquor ? University Club Shifts Contract Bridge Date Because of a number of conflicts the date of the February meeting of the contract bridge section of the University Club has been altered from February 21 to February 23. The meeting will be held as usual in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building.
WLS
NATIONAL
BARN DANCE Radio Stars in Person
Direct from 8th Street Theatre^ Chicago HOOSIER HOT SHOTS Jolly Joe Kelly —Billy Woods
DeZurik Sisters
Pat Buttram—Lucile The Four BDLred Hands
Lafayette Armory SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 20 Shows at 2:00 - 4:00 - 7:00 - 8:45
GENERAL ADMISSIO]>f Adults 40c — Children 20c RESERVED SEATS 55c Now on Sale at Hook’s Drug Store and Deac’s Show sponsored by the Veterans of Foreign Wars of U. S. Post 1154
TODAY and FRIDAY
“Relax, brainstomilShe can’t lHiitos...lh<)pcr
LooMt who-all't a-comin’i HDMPHREY BOGART FPiANKMcHUCH Lattise Fazenda NAT PENDLETON FETOY SmaiETOIT Allen JenkiMs AMD THE WEAVER BROS, and ELVIRY
Time’s a-wastln’! Bring your lady to “Swing Your Lady” .. and see the lady blacksmith vs. the lovesick Hercules for the |aff-we1ght wrestling champeenship of this crazy world!
GRIN AND BEAR IT
Thursday, February 17. 1938
By Lichty
“Naw. Just work on the arm—I’m savin’ this space till the right girl comes along!”
By Sally McKee The technique of lip wiping with the napkin is one of the most ticklish social touches. In the first place oPe should be careful to avoid as much as possible the use of the napkin. It indicates carelessness and usually that one has put too much in his mouth. But the napkin is useful—really needed—often, when no care on the part of the user can prevent its use. At such a time one should carefully take the napkin to his lips and with a corner or small portion remove as inconspicuously as possible the food clinging to the outside of the mouth.
Improve Your Dancing NEW ADVANCED CLASS Opens FRIDAY, FEB. 18, 7:30 P. M. ALL CHILDREN’S CLASSES Open SATURDAY, FEB. 19th Phone 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
ih’irTfL’ii' STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE Just a pair of slap happy newshawks looking for love and trouble . . . And finding both by the carload!
PLUS
Defying the law, braving prison bars — two youngsters take a long shot and gamble on love! THE WRONG ROAD
with Richard Cromwell Helen Mack Lionel Atwill
Don’t use your napkin to clean your face; don’t use it with the'motion of sawing; don’t use the whole thing. Be inconspicuous and light in touch with the napkin. Newman Club Sponsors Dante Tomorrow Night Second semester social activities of the University Newman Club will start with a dance in St. Mary’s school hall tomorrow evening. Bob Reifers, program director, announced free admission to club members and their dates. Dancing will be from 9 to 12, and refreshments will be served.
ARC
TODAY—FRI.—SAT.
[JUCK
—and—
^CK ’
‘DICK TRACY” SERIAL
All This Week
Palm trees whisper . . . soft breezes play ... and in each other’s grms Terangi and Marama find peace and contentment!
with DOROTHY LAMOUR JOHN HALL MARY ASTOR
—PLUS— POPEYE CARTOON
4l
I :i\m
i n ■v
f ‘a
%
Thursdoy/ Ifebrudry 17. 1938
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Five Purdue Fighters Victorious In Golden Gloves Bouts
Phillips To Inaugurate New Scoring At Triangular Track Meet Saturday
I
One,hour and three-quarj«rs of rapid fire action will be in store ih the Fieldhouse Saturday night at 7:30 o'clock for those who attend the triangular track meet innovation between Purdue, Wisconsin, and Chicago. According to the schedule of events arranged by Coach Hermon Phillips, the 12 events, on the evening’s program will be run off in fast style, and there will be no interludes without action.
All events in the novel track meet, the first of its kind that has been staged in this part of the country, will be scored on a team basis, with each one of the three competing 'teams having an equal number of entries in each event and the performance of each individual entry counting in the determination of the team totals. All of the track events, with the exception of the 60 yard dash, will either be team races or relays. In the team races and the 60-yard dash the scoring will be done as in crosscountry, with low team totals to determine the victor. In the dash, the scoring men in the finals will be placed from one to four, and the other five entries will run in ^ con-
solation to be scored from five to nine. In all of the field events, including the pole vault, shot put, high jump, and broad jump, scoring will be determined by the total aggregate performance of the three entries from each of the competing teams. Among the feature track races of the evening will be shuttle hurdle relays over both the high and low sticks. The shuttle hurdle events, acclaimed by track experts as one of the most colorful and exciting races in the track picture, will find four men competing for each team, running back and forth across the hurdles, alternating direction in front of the crowd.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side oi Sqare Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
Varsity Win From Frosh
In Practice
A scrappy freshman net team was defeated, 38-17, by a more powerful varsity squad in the Fieldhouse yesterday afternoon, but came back to defeat the varsity reserves 28-16
In the first game, which lasted for 25 minutes, the freshmen managed to pull within a few points of the varsity after several minutes of play. ' The first stringers then hit their stride and ran up 19 points while holding the fro^h scoreless.
Point-making for the varsity was evenly divided, with Young collecting nine points for high scoring
honors.
Frosh Beat Reserves
The other game between the freshmen and the varsity reserves saw the freshmen making good use of their height under the basket to win, 28-16, in a 30-minute battle
Iginey, Hardy, Rickenback, and several other first-year men showed plenty of class, and the inter- freshman game, which will be played as a curtain raiser for the Purdue Ohio State basketball game Monday, promises to be a real battle.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
New!
Well, fellows, they are here. New gaberdine trousers in various shades that are sure to suit you at the special price of
50
6
DEWENTER’S
416 Main St.
Award to West Side Cleaners
INSTITUTE CERTIFICATION Highest Drycleaning Honor
Institute Certification was awarded the West Side plant only after most thorough investigation and inspection by our engineers and technicians. (Institute standards are so high that as yet only a few plants measure up to them.) The West Side Cleaners use the finest methods, taking careful, scientific steps to prevent drycleaning mishaps.
INSTITUTE CERTIFICATION is ihore than the highest drycleaning honor—it is the customer’s supreme safeguard. GOOD HOUSEKEEPING guarantees as advertised therein, the dry cleaning service of all Certified plants! Also The West Side Cleaners covers your goods with complete insurance. We heartily recommend West Side’s dry cleaning to you as the best and therefore the most economical, drycleaning service. For every drycleaning need—
PHONE 4001—West Side Cleaners
INSTITUTE FOR MAINTAINING DRY CLEANING STANDARDS OF THE UNITED STATES AND CANADA Headquarters: 254 W. Slst Street, New York City
Bacharach, Dills, Hardesty, Murphy Provide First Round Knockouts
Winning five out of nine .-bouts, Purdue’s Golden Glovers featured last night’s fights in the Lafayette Armory with three knockouts and two decisions. Gerald Dix opened up the evening’s fighting and also started off Purdue’s victories by winning a-decision from Junior Erwin of Fair Oaks. Dix knocked Erwin down twice in the second round in gaining his triumph.
Purdue’s second win came as Paul Keffaber gained a close decision over Bud Fulke of Lafayette. Keffaber lost a three-round decision to Hicks.
A1 Hicks, of Lafayette, was the Boilermaker’s first nemesis as he gained decision over Kenneth Lord. Lord was knocked down in the first round, l)ut he carried on a fast fighting comeback the rest of the match which fell short of gaining the decision qf the judges. Opening up the 160 pound class, Purdue’s outstanding fighter, Steve Bacharach, lived up to his reputation by knocking out Jack Ellis, of Crawfordsville, by a right to the jaw in the first round. Allen Dilts provided the University’s second knockout as he jabbed a terrific right to the jaw of James Drollinger, of Veedersburg, and smashed him to the floor in the firs% minutes of the match. Dilts hit Drollinger so hard that he actually bounced as he hit the canvas. Lyles Wins Immediately afterwards, Lawrence Lyles slugged his way to a decision over Ambia’s Wade Stephens. Lyles had the advantage all of the way. Wilmer Hardesty carried on next by downing Roy Rhodes, of Fowler, for the count in the first round after battering him around the ring. In a later bout Carl Hamilton beat Dix by a knockout in the second round. Paul Murphy furnished the fourth Purdue knockout as he
knocked Bob McDowell, of the Lafayette CCC, down twice in the opening minutes, the second knockdown being for the count. Closing Purdue’s evening, Charles Franklin took a count of 10 on his knee in the first round. He evidently forgot to get up in time to continue the fight so he lost the match, much to his and “Punchy” Maxwell’s surprise. He had had the edge up to that time.
Reamer Club Has Athlefic Trophy Up For Second Year
Unorganized men" active in athletics will have a chance for the second year, to gain the Reamer Club trophy offered to the independent man gaining the most participation points in athletic contests. Scoring is based on five points for a varsity letter, two points to a member of a winning team or the winner in an individual event in intramural sports, one point for run-ner-up, and one point for participating as a member of a varsity or intramural team. The men interested In participating in the race should turn in their card listing the activities participated in by them in order that the intramural office may make a check on the points.
A GOOD BED After a Hard Ride Pleases Every Traveler.
SPECIAL SPRINGS r and Scientifically Designed Innercoil Spring MATTRESSES Give Restful Slumber
EV THE UNION
YOUR GUESTS
Will Appreciate Your Thoughtfulness If You MAKE RESERVATIONS
THE UNION CLUB
JhsL (pjuAdwL TyisumimL
lAnxofL
Corner of the Campus^Yet the Center of Activities
By Dick Obenchain
Michigan’s defeat at the hands of the Hawkeyes pots a new slant on the Big Ten basketball race — This defeat gives the Michigan crew a rating of three defeats which, onless the fates decree otherwise, is about the same number as Purdue will have at the end of the season . . . And since we’re looking for tiie Purple to take it on the chin at Ann Arbor and hoping for the Boilermakers to come through at Northwestern, the conference may end in a three-way tie between Purdue. Northwestern, and Michigan. —^fc— Pick Dehner is sure one mighty sweet ball player . . . although declared ineligible for one contest he came back to score 11 points as his team went down before Minnesota, 28-23, Saturday. The Illini center, scoring 108 points in seven contests, looks to be a sure winner in this contest even though he will play in one less game than the rest of the leaders. —^fc— The trackmeet Saturday will bring together three of the outstanding runners of the Big Ten ... Fenske of Wisconsin is one of the greatest distance runners of the past few years and has beaten Don Lash more than any other person. Bob Lemen, Purdue captain, is one of the outstanding hurdlers, and placed third in the Big Ten-Pacific Coast meet last spring ... And Halcrow of Chicago, is the foremost quarter-miler in the Big Ten.
Squash Team Breaks Even At Louisville
In its southern invasion last Saturday, the Purdue squash team broke even, losing to the Pendennis Club, Louisville, Ky., in the afternoon, 3-2, and winning the nig)it match with an offiilers’ team at Fort Knox, 5-0. Juve and Linn provided the Boilermaker victories against the Louisville team with 3 to 2 scores, while Lucek was defeated by the reverse score in the number-one position. Wakefield and Sokolowski played close matches in losing by 3 to 1 scores.
Greek Badminton Tournament Won
By Phi Kappa Tau
By defeating Tau Epsilon Phi in
nament. Phi Kappa Tau gained the honor of being the first organization to go on the books as champions in this newly established sport. In the semi-final round, Tau Epsilon Phi beat Kappa Delta Rho, 15-6 and 15-11, while Phi Kappa Tau eliminated Alpha Kappa Lambda, 15-5, and 15-3. Coming into the finals, Phi Kappa Tau lost their first imatch, 6-15, and then put on the pressure to take the next two games with identical scores of 15-5. Snyder and Williams carried the winners’ laurels, while Gardner and Brilliant represented the defeated fraternity.,
IntramuTols
CLASS ‘B’ BASKETBALL —^Today— Court 1—Mangas 7:00—Sigma Chi vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. 7:15—Tau Kappa iplpsilon vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. 8:25—D. U. vs. Delta Chi. Court 2—Aronson 7:15—^Alpha Tau Omega vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. 8:25—Theta Chi ys. Phi Sigma Kappa. 8:40—Beta Theta Pi vs. Kappa Delta Rho. Court 3—Gale 7:00—Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Kappa Sigma. 7:15—SAE vs. Phi Kappa Psi. 8:25—Phi Delta Theta vs. Phi Kappa. 8:40—Sigma Pi vs. Pi Kappa PhiAiiiiaii
u
I.
r^-
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday. February 17, 1938
Classes Resume
For PIA Dancers
PIA dancing classes will be continued this semester beginning with the first of the 10 lesson series tonight at 9:30 in the Union ballroom. Mrs. Duncan, of the Duncan Dancing Academy, will be in charge. The tenth lesson will be a dance for the class, giving students a chance to show their new technique. Cost of the 10 lessons will be $2 50 for PIA members, and $3.00 foi other students.
Basketball Results Alpha Gamma Rho, 25; Kappa Delta Rho, 24. Cary Hall East 3, 18; Cary Hall East 2, 16. Tau Epsilon Phi, 25; Phi Gamma Delta, 20 (overtime).
From WBAA Studios
Mike’s back again and glad to be back, too! After the forced vacation. it was difficult to leturn to the swing rhythms of the lace foi supremacy over the books. But now with everything all under control —with a few exceptions — Mike hope" to be with you each Thursday. —2-1-3-2— But vhat has been happening around the studios of late?“A heap of new faces tiymg then voice mechanisms befoie the mike, in the hopes of being admitted to the rank and file of the staff ... a series of new piogiains foi the current semestei . . Luncheon Dance in a new' spot instead of the old and familial 12 15 . . . luinors of every soit, size, and desciiption concei'ning the new foui-w'ay set-up in the state —2-1-3-2— Mary Wagnei, chambei of commerce lassie, in a new”^ diamatic lole each w'eek . . .that mocking repairman of pianos adding his bit to the studio grand . . to say nothing of the chief of spoitsmen pulling his hail—w'hat little he has—and pulling administiative strings, too, in hopes of getting the Ohio State hardw'ood classic on the ethei. 2-1-3-2— New talent of promising quality was mtioduced to listenei’s of ladio station WBAA by Hank Millei, emcee for the Saturday “Campus Vaileties” show, when a populai dramat^iC aitist w'as found to be not only an actor but also a composei and singei of quite definite ability, Mike IS not alone when he expresses the hope that this personification of versatility be encouraged by one and all to continue his musical efforts.
mi YOUR POUNTAIN PEN
DwiY put up with the old-fashtoned way of filling fountain pens that Waetei time, smears Ink everywhere •Ad tpoils the day for you. Use the Terry Penfillerj it fills your fountain pen automatically . .. without mess a. almost instantly. Simply press the pen's point into Penfliler ... and go on wilting! Besides, the Penfiller •avM money. It fiusbes your pen doan every time you use it, prevents dogging, makes it write better, saves pea repair bills. Practically spR* proof. It keeps ink clean and pretreats evaporation. In many colors, a beavttM addition to your desk. See
Ae Penfiller today, fill yovr fountain
pee free.
DECKER’S
PM Department Shows Mahogany Film Today
Dr. Graves Continues AJnion's Musical Series
“Master-pieces in Mahogany,” a film depicting the construction of an 18th-century mahogany table from the rough lumber to the finished product, will be shown in Michael Golden Shops today at 4 p. m. The picture is a presentation of the practical mechanics department. The process, as it is used in the modern factory with modern laborsaving machinery, will be followed through step by step in the film, which lasts about 30 minutes.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
LOST—Silver cigarette case with initials H.G.N. $5.00 reward. Phone 5071. Newhall.
FOR SALE—Tuxedo suit. Size 37, good as new. Phone 7365. 812 Perry street.
FOR RENT—Room for one student. One block from campus. 467 North Grant. Phone 35191.
WANTED—Bundle launCry; reasonable prices; including mending. Dial 41092.
Tonight at 7:30, Dr. G. H. Graves of the mathematics department, will speak on “The Materials of Composition” in the music room of the Union. His talk will continue the Student Union’s current series of music appreciation sefies. As related to music, materials of composition include rhythm, harmony, melody, and tone color. Dr. Graves will illustrate these materials with the aid of recordings and piano selections.
Notices
No Notices Accepted After t p.m.
Scabbard and Blade Pledgres: Obtain dance bids from me at Triangle house before February 17. —ROBY.
CE 6 Students: Students interested in a Summer School course in Surveying _6 should see me in room 102 of the Civil Engineering Building before March 1. —LOMMEL.
Registration Helpers: Persons who worked for the registrar on February 1 and 2 may get their checks by calling at the Regisstrar’s office. 2-18 —STONE
Music Room Patrons: Students desiring certain selections on the dally music room programs of recordings may put their contributions in a box to be placed in the music room. 2-18 —WOOD, CABONARGI.
Purdue Flying Club: Meeting in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building Thursday, February 17, at 7:30 p. m. —SKINNER.
PIA Dance Class: Beginners sign up after 4 p. m. in PIA office by Thursday, February 17. —CLYMER.
Newman Club: All girls wishing to have dates arranged for the dance Friday, February 18, call Helen Beko, 36022 Boys wishing dates call Jim Von Harz, 6021. —OTTENWELLER
JamaViDW mqhi —
IT COSTS NO MORE TO RIDE THE BEST
2151
30c couple DE LUXE CAB CO. Phone
2151
the Exponent
Service Directory
Bookstores
“DEAC”
Everything for a College Education
H. G. REISNER
518<20 Main St. Phone 6477
SOUTHWORTH’S
Everything for the Purdue Student
PROFESSIONAL
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD 3. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5761
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST
119*/^ Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
—— Printing
P
RINTING"
SUDDEN
SERVICE __
^Office Stationery , Wedding Invitations
PHONE - Sales Books, Etc. 2 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408 FERRY
Dine
(Rud^
DINE DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Lindbergh Road
— Jewelry
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
R. C. EISENBACH
504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER
This is all we do, but we do it well.
Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
Shoe Repair —
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Locksmith —
C’' CARTER
for Keys — Locks — General Repairing Knife and Scissor Grinding New L.C.N. and Norton Door Checks
Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L.
Auto Rental
ROGERS’ RENT-A-CAR
Drive It Yourself System Phone 6455 314 N. 4th St.
Barbers
MODEL BARBER SHOP
222 No. 5th Street Lafayette ‘THREE GOOD BARBERS’
Flying Cadet Applicants: The spdcial flying cadet examining board will be at Pvirdue from February 21 to 26. Persons Interested in taking training as a flying cadet shoulrLaee me at the Armory before February 21. —HAYFORD.
Purdue Riding Club: Important meeting Thursday, February 17, at 7:30 p. m. in Student Union office. —SUMMERS.
Glider Club: Members will please be in room 108 of the ME Building at 7:16 p. m. Thursday, February 17, Short meeting after Prof. K. D. Wood’s talk. —MORGAN.
Ceres: No meeting this week, February 16-21. * —HENRY. Wesley Foundation: Morning Watch Service, Thursday, February 17, at 7:30. Evan Kendall, leader. —PARSONS.
Flying Club: Members will meet in room 108 of ME Building Thursday, February 17, at 7:16 p. m. —DOSTAL.
Of Thee I Sing: Rehearsal for principals and all choruses, except eight show girls, in the tower room of the Union, Friday, February 18, at 4 o’clock. —WORCESTER
Purdue Union of Jewish Youth: Meeting Sunday, February 20, in room A of the Union Building at 3 o’clock
—HONOROFF.
\
YWCA: Meeting postponed until Saturday, February 19. Important. \
—BRYANT.
BOTC Boxing: The following men report to the Armory Thuisday, February 17, at 4 p. m. prepared to fight in the elimination tournament: 146 pound class—A. B. Lindsay, W. H. Peoples, J. E Gardner, K. S. Smith, R. A. Barr, D W. Austin, C. L.
Ford, E. J. Aber, J. Karnisky, J. R. Kennedy, D. J. Breen, H. I, Taylor, B. I. Van Brunt, B. I. Woodhull, and J. F. Bupley. 160 pound class—Kupcha, Sauter, Lukowski, Nau, Daily, Henderson, Woodhull, Brun, White, Hussing, Powell, and Flemming. Ring officials report for duty at the same time. —PICKERING.
Piayshop Board Memberk: Debris picture Thursday, February 17, at 6 :46 p. m. in the tower room of the Union Building. —MILNE.
Ward Doubles Tournament: Sign up on intramural bulletin board at once. Medals for first and second places. —BILLINGS.
Badminton Club: First meeting Thursday, February 17, at 8 :30 p. m. in room F of the Union. All men and women including faculty, who are interested in joining must be present at this meeting. —BILLINGS.
Society of American Engineers: Group pictuie Thursday, February 17, at 8 :2() p. m. in the tower room of the Union. —GOERS.
Purdue Riding Club: Important meeting in Student Union office Thursday, February 17, at 7:30 p. m —SUMMERS
All-Campus Badminton: Sign up on intramural bulletin board for all-campus singles tournament to be played soon. Medals for first and second places. —BILLINGS
Cosmopolitan Club: There will be a short meeting in the Union lounge Thursday, February 17, at 7 :30 p. m. Bring tickets and money —CABACCIOLO.
Scabbard and Blade: Formal pledging will be/held Friday, February 18, at 7 :30 p. m. ia reception room of the Union. —BAALS.
Debris Salesmen: , Important meeting Thursday, February 17, at 4 p. m. In Debris office. -BIEBENTHAL.
Kappa Delta Pi; There is to be a program in room D of the Union Bi'lding Thursday, February 17, at 7:16 p.'m. —BYRD.
PIA Dance Club: Beginners dance class will be held in the Union ballroom at 7:30 p m. Thursday, February 17. —CLYMER.
Bridge Enthusiasts: First lesson of the new contract bridge series will be held in the faculty lounge of the Union at 7:30 p. m., Thursday, February 17. All those interested are cordially invited to attend. —MATTHEWS.
Camera Club: Debris pictures will be taken Thursday, February 17 at 8:10 p. m. All members please be present. —WILLIAMSON.
Dairy Club: Shprt course party Friday, February 18 at 7 b. m. in Smith Hall. —MYERS.
University Orchestra: Rehearsal at 7 p. m Thursday, February 17 in the Union workshop. —PHILUPS.
Students’ Bible Class: Meeting in room C of Union Thursday, February 17 at 7 p. m. All students are cordially invited. —BUBBRINK.
Union Workers: Our committees please meet in the Union office Thursday, February 17 at 4 o’clock. —CROSSMAN, EASTBURN.
WAA Basketball: Games scheduled at 4 p. m. Thursday, February 17: Wards 8 and 4 vs. Alpha chi Omega and Ward 1 vs. Pedalion Club. At 4:30 p. m.: Chi Omega vs. Ward 2 and Phi Mu vs. Kappa Alpha Thettu —MORRIS.
They feel as fine as they look.
Crown Cleaned Clothes not only improve your personal appearance but give a marked degree of comfort.
Formprest clothes are form fitting an exclusive feature with Crown.
FINE CLEANEHS OF FINE CLOTHES
WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
SsL (OjLul!
Here’S Your Chance to Win
Enter the Basketball Contest before it's too late and count yourself among the winners.
The Lucky Ones So Far Hove Been;—
R. H. THATCHER FRANCIS McAllister W. A. BEMAN J. B. ORTMAN J. H. THOMSON R. A. KETTLE WILLIAM CARNES A. N. KRATTEBOL
The Purdue Exponent