-,|jIj)iiiirniiMiT|i iiBti
f U.' - Argentina Break? Read 'Washington Mer- ^ ry-Go-Round'—Page 1
Screwy Teatn? v' From Favorites, to^ T<i Underdogsr---G^stepdl r
Vofiime 53, Ne. 92
West Lafayetfe/ fndi^na
Thyrsday,
Symphonic Exchange
By Drew Pearson and Rojbort Sj, Allen Arjillitine Beef Barons Peril Ulliiy Of Americas At Criicial Rio Meeting RIO DE JANEIRO, Jan. 14. — Nearly every Pan American conference in recent. years has had its Argentine prima donna who has left the stage in a huff just as the chorus of 21 Republics was ready to shout hurrah \ for Hemisphere harmony. This one promises to be no exception. The first Pan American conference this reporter attended, at Havana in 1928, was disrupted when the Argentine Ambassador packed his trunks because Calvin Coolidge and Charles E. Hughes wouldn’t O.K. a customs union. And the last conference at Lima, Peru, was kept waiting by temperamental Argentine Foreign Minister Cantillo, who took a couple of weeks off at a mountain resort in Chile, refusing to go near a telephone to O. K. the last act of the conference. Today, the gentleman scheduled to do the prima donna act on behalf of Argentine is new foreign Minister Enrique Ruiz-Guinazu. Ruiz-Guinazu is to South America what Col. Lindbergh and Senator Wheeler .y^ere to the U. S. A. befoi’e Pearl Harbor — only much more so. He is married to a German, has very definite sympathies with Spanish Dictator Franco, has spent a large part of his life as a diplomat in Europe, and believes that Argentina’s future must lockstep with Europe, not with the U. S. A. It was Foreign Minister RuizGuinazu who, tossed the neat little bombshell into the Rio 'de Janeiro preliminaries last week by announcing to the world that Argentina could not agree to any alliances or “measures of pre-belligerency’’ at Rio. No Argentine Meaf Some people attribute Argentina’s lack of cooperation with the United States to the fact that every time President Roosevelt prpposes buying a few cans of tinned beef. Senator O’Mahoney of Wyorn-^ ing or Senator Connally of Texas lashes out against'Argentine meat. Or even when We Undertake to admit Argentine meat from the remote Island of Terra del Fuego, the tip end of the country where hoof and mouth disease does not exist, the American Livestock Association yells to high heaven. However, the real fact is that the bulk of the Argentine people forgive our cow-Senators and understand that this is just playing politics. Furthermore the great bulk of the Argentine people arc 99 pet c0Ut With us. , Perhaps we have Adolf Hitler to thank for it, but the U. S. A. was never so popular in Argentina as it is today. 'You would think that Roosevelt was the President of Argentina, judging by his popularity in Buenos Aires. But,this is among the Argentine people—not with the Government. The Government represents the old aristocratic ranch owners, who came into power through the revolution of lOJiO and have been using Tansmany methods to keep theniselves in power ever since. Anti-U. S. Records Therefore,' Foreign Minister Ruiz-Guinazu is not out of step with his Government when hq, bucks the U. S. A., Brazil, and other anti-Axis countries. Here is the recent record of the ultra-re-actionary 'Argentine Government: 1. A “subversive plot’’ in the Argentine Air Corps was reported last September. Hovernment opponents now charge the “plot” was deliberately staged by the Government itself in order to pretend to put it down. (Continued on page 4)
To Present Patriotic Music Tonight At 7 Taking part in the nation’s first war rally today at the Cadle Tabernacle in Indianapolis, the Purdue Symphonic Band will play popular and patriotic music beginning at ^ p. m, As part of the program the "Drum and Bugle Goi’ps of Culver Military Academy and the Indiana University Band will compete with Purdue in the “Battle of the Bands.” The University Concert Choir will also make several renditions. The Evening’s program at the tabernacle is the climax of activities earlier during the day when Carole Lombard, actress born in Fort Wayne, and Will Hays, movie czar foi’merly of Indianapolis, will take part in a flag raising ceremony and in the “Buy a Bond from Carole” campaign. The flag which will he raised on the capital flag pole is the one which flew over the White House on the day that war was declared against the Japanese Empire. The defense bond sale in the state house rotunda will begin at 2 p. m. with Mias Lombard selling the bonds and giving photographed, personally autographed receipts for the money received. Because Indiana was one of the leading states in Selling- Liberty bonds during World War I, state leaders wish to continue this record by getting off to a good start in this war’s drive. . A special pi^ogram will follow the musical numbers, all of which will be broadcast over a nation-wide hook-up. The importance of the occasion lies in that it is the first warrally to be held since the national emergeiicy arose. Since receiving the announcement last week that they were to take part in the program, the band has spent much time between se--mesters preparing for the appearance. The band will leave the campus this afternoon at 3:30 for Indianapolis. r.w.b. Student Union Will Sponsor Red Cross Unit By Lee Slone With increased enrollments in the Army and Navy come heavy requirements for hand-made materials and a need for new coed workers to aid in the preparation of bandages and knitted articles of clothing for our soldiers. To draw substantial results from good intentions, the coed executives of the Student Union are sponsoring a college Red Cross unit which will be located in the sub-basement of the Union. All coeds who have worked on, or are willing to help the Red Cross should register this afternoon or any time tomorrow at a table which will be in front of the Sweet Shop. Incidentally several coed “joes” have been seen knitting for defense while they fan the breeze in the Shop, thus combining fun with theiiaid for Uncle Sam. An order from Washington has just been received by the Red Cross here for 180,000 knitted helmets, work on which will begin as soon as the yarn arrives. By Saturday local workers must fill another order foi- pneumonia jackets, which are made of gauze stuffed with\gotton for soldiers to wear in bed to prevent direct drafts when they turn. Many surgical dressings, must also be completed in a short period of time. The Red Cross dug-out will be open Monday, Tuesday and Thursday from 9 a. m. to 4:30 p. ni. and Wednesday from 1 to 4:30 p. m. for girls to get material and to help make bandages. Experienced workers will demonstrate bandage-mak-ing and knitting. Honors can be earned by working 60 hours on knitting, either at the offices or at home. A national Red Cross pin is the reward for the above achievement. Each sleeveless . regulation sweater that is knitted gives 20 hours credit toward the pin.
EarlY Sales Net Over $2,000 Iri its first two days of operation this semester, the Student Book Exchange has sold or exchanged approximately 1,200 books with cash receipts totaling more than $2,000, according to Harry Hudson, Union vice-president, in charge Of the Ex-
change.
Huds.on stated that technical books of alrpost every description are in great demand. Books in the following courses are particularly needed: ME, EE, ChE, CE (except for 31), Speech 14, Applied Mechanics, History, Geology, Govern,ment, English (except for 32), Biology (except for 1 and 39B), Sociology (except for 71), and Modern Languages (except for 61). The Exchange will continue operations in the sub-basement of the Union for the rest of this week and all of next week betv.'een the hours of 10 a. m. and 5 p. m. Book Exchange officials wish to announce that they will not be responsible for books or money not collected by Jan. 25 and said that an announcement will appear in the Exponent concerning the time and place for the (?ollection of money obtained from books which hav6 been sold, a.p.h.
Hold Meetings
Farm Bureau Sees No Prospe^ Of Substitutes, Food Ratlbhntg Registration at the Annual Agricultural Conference npr proached the 6,000 mark yesterday as fourteen state ag^cultural associations held their annual meetings during the day
in connection with various sectional meetings.
Main feature of the day’s program was the mid-day general session which was addressed by Hassil E. Schenck, IndianaiXir ——— ——-—— lis, president of the Inidana CvnnnAHl DiirmAcr Bureau. Schenhk, wfed LApUilCnT DUjinCJj was introduced by Pres. E.;C
Elliott, spoke on “The Task Ahead.” In his talk Schenck said, “There will be no occasion for snlgstitutes, no occasion for ylheatless or. meatless days, and in my opinion, no occasion for a food admipis-
All freshman students interested bf which points
Loyal Alumnus IV
Instruction in code sending'and receiving will,be offered to all male students 'in the University beginning next Monday, the military department announced. All students are at liberty to take this coui-se regardless, of whether_or not they are ffii'oHed in military training. Four classes will be formed in accordance with the student’s previous instruction; one class for advanced students, those who have qualified at 20, words per minute or more, one for intei’mediate students, those who have qualified at better than 12 words per minute and less than 20, one fpi; secondary students, those who have qualified at better than 6 words per' minute and less than 13 words per minute, and beginners classes. As many beginner classes will be formed as are necessary to accommodate all the beginners. 'Ihese instructions will b.e offered as an extra cuiyicular activity and no fee is charged for enrollment or attendance. All students desiring to enroll should apply to Lt, J. R. Burkhart or Lt. R. F. Vanderford before Saturday, Jan. 17. Schedules of classes will be posted on the bulletin board of the Armory after 11
a. m. Saturday, j.t.k.
Exponent Editorial Coeds Compulsory meeting today in the Exponent office for all Freshmen and Sophomores at 4 o’clock.
—ROSE
. Playshop Will Hold pjrsf PliZC 111 Com,
Tryouts For Parts In Next Production Tryouts for acting parts and stage crew work for the third play in Playshop’s yearly series will be held next Mpnday and Tuesda,y at 7:30 p. m. in Fowler Hall. The play to be cast in Eugene d’Niell’s “Be-
yond the Horizon.”
Playshop will continue its scheduled program for the current semester and will present both of its remaining productions bn the dates listed in the season ticket booklets. All students who are interested in acting parts of crew work for “Beyond the Horizon” are urged to report at Fowler Hall on the nights
of the tryouts, a.p.h.
in joining the business staff of the Exponent are urged to attend the call-out meeting to be held today at 4 p. m. in the advertising office in the sub-basement of the Union. The business staff is composed of the advertising, circulation, and ac-
fact that the farmers of Ameribk are in a far better position in tbi^ World War than they werb in
World War I.” Inflation Dangers
Schenck called attention to danger of inflation and .fie 63^
Correction
Albert W. Paliner, president of the Chicago Theological Seminary, will speak at the West Lafayette Methodist Church at 5:30 Sunday afteinoon, not Sunday morning as was erroneously announced in yesterday’s Exponent.
Coeds Any women students interested j>n taking typing and shorthand as non-credit courses during this semester should call the placement service for women between 1 and 5 p. m. today. The number is 29.55.
Les Brown
Coming directly from the Blackhawk in Chicago, Les Biown and his orchestra will play at the mixer in the Unioif ballrooms this Saturday from 9 to 12. Following the established, custom of the Union, the admission to this hig-name-band mixer will be the standard price of $1.10. It is just within the past year that Brown has become well-known. He has rated write-ups in all musical publications and has played over NBC in addition to appearing at the Blackhawk, v'hich has Ijoosted many nowfamous bands into prominence and success. This 16-piece band, which specializes in swing but includes many smooth, sweet numbers, features Les himself on the sax, Abe Most on the'clarinet, and Nat Polen on the drums. The vocalist position is well filled by lialph Young, 185-pound singer who gave up a job as mail clerk several years ago to .start with Teddy Powell’s band. From there he went to Tommy Reynolds and then to his present position in the Brown organization, m.j.l. /
Goes To Blackwell Kenneth Blackwell, past president of the Indiana Cirn Growers’ Association, carried away top honors in the annual corn and small grain show When his ten-ear sample of yellow hybrid won grand sweepstakes in the state show. Blackwell, who hesitated to enter the show because of his office in the organization, has been a consistent exhibitor for a score of years, winning the sweepstakes on clover last year and first prize for yellow corn three
years ago.
Roy Snoeberger, Rockfield, won reserve sweepstake honors for the second straight yedr as his sample of Ried’s yellow dent won second place. Other winners included: Charles Fischer, of Shelbyville, sweepstakes on white corn; Ed N. Lux, of Waldron,' single ear sweepstakes; and, George Prifogle, of Brobkville, reserve single ear sweepstakes winner. Sectional winners were Charles Ternet, New Haven; Austin. Graves, Bloomfield; and J. B. Kranz, Sellersburg. John Snoebei’ger, Delphi, won triple honors in the show by taking sweepstakes honors in the midseason corn, wheat and red clover classes. In the 25 ear class, Hubert Meyer of Greensburg won' sweepstakes and. Ed Scott, Windfall, took leservc honors. Other sweepstake winners included; oats, Theodore, Amsler of Rensselaer, and reserve, Lewis W. Matti; soybeans, Carl Shield of Marion, and reserve, Herman Miller of Bluff ton; shelled hybrid, William C. Bailey and Son, Portland, and reserve, Floyd Hiner, Lewisville; lespedeza, A. H. Hennance, Knox; alfalfa, Kenneth Atkinson, Terre Haute; and barley, Robert and Charles Sauerman, Crown Point, d.e.b. Elliott Predicts Drop In Enrollment For This Semester Nothing definite concerning registration was available from the president’s office yesterday afternoon except that 5,691 students had paid tbeir fees during the two-day legistration at the cashier’s booths in the armory. This number included 1,162 women. A drop in the enrollment of about 300 students over last semester was expected, but accurate figures will not be available until Saturday because of the fact that registration was speeded up this semester and many students are still in the process of registering in the registrar’s office. At that time complete fi^'ures on the number of students enrolled in each school, will be released. . ,
counts staff. Activity of the adver- pressed the opinion that increasj^ Using staff is divided between two buying power, which is onfr:'fil,.|^l departments, an ed and a coed staff., causes of inflation, can be It is the duty of the ed staff to sell by higher taxes and by adveitisemOnts to the local mer-" ment of a large portibh the chants, while the coeds are in charge come in defense , bondb, wlii^.Twe of the art layouts and office work, non-negotiable and redeem'ahli aftThe circulation staff takes care, of er the emergency. ‘ i v ; subscription selling and delivery. It In closing Schenck conclndSfl.ttl^t is the duty of the accounts staff to agriculture, industry, and take charge of the necessary book- must work together in solyffiff keeping and accounting work. problems at hand artd ip No Experience Necessary ing parity for agriculture,;No previous experience is neces- ity for industry, and security
sary but it is advisable that those interested should be cooperative and interested. Work on this staff will give practical business experience plus an opportunity to qualify for the junior and senior positions. Junior Managers At the close of the sophomore year, foUr workers are chosen to serve as junior managers: two of these are in charge of local advertising and the other two handle acr counts and circulation, respectively!. Senior offices include the senior business manag'er, who supervises the entire business staff and coordinates it with the editorial staff, and the coed business manager, who is in charge of the coed advertising staff. There are positions on all staffs open to both men and women students, d.s. ■ Exponent Editorial Staff Today is the deadline for all editorial staff members to have schedules and work night preferences in my box. To Sophomores: This means two nights with the one you want to work late on starred and. also a third night as alternate. 'To Freshmen: Turn in three nights, just as sophomores do (with one starred). You will continue to work only one night for the present each week but there will be some changes later in the
.semester.
This notice applies without exception to the Editorial staff. —RUFFNER
labor. Grand Champion ExNbited - ^ , Following Schenck’s ad^i^ss al Alumnus Igrand cha^pioAl^ii; the 1941 International and shown by the University, wau exhibited on the stage of the :Mul^ Hall and welcomed l^ack to versity by Pres. Eiliott.;;..,;.,6lSj!^, taking part in the receptidrt^j^' L. E. Randle, Indianapolis, manager of the Firestone Rubber Co. which is sponsoti^lhe nation wide tout of. the prize, winning animal, Gilman herdsman, Pi'of. F, G. Sang,.-hei^. of the animal husbandry depiaij^ment and Prof. C. P, Gobble, Tji member of the animaj husSind^ staff. Following the exhibitidhiifJiiB the Music Hall, the steer on a tour of Lafayette in a sp<Mli^|y constructed trailer. The sledk etj^i^ steer will be on exhibition today various places over the canapn^ ; Staff Members Speak V.v b:v J. J. Davis and R. H. Wilem^n ; of the University staff addressed a joint meeting of the agrono?nj^ |' and entqmology sections yesterds^' morning on the subject of, “Gorfi Borer Control.” In the afternoo^ John Strohm, assistant editor' Prairie Farmer, presented an ,ilr lustrated lecture on corn prodUer tion in South America and SMiles reported on the results of: tj« 1941 hybrid corn tests. Musical leaders from all part the state attended the Home Ec,dnomics Chorus luncheon held yes^ (Continued on page 4) , r
• Nelson Named War Production Czar Donald M. Nelson was placed in charge of all war production in ,U. S. yesterday with the possibility that he may head a supreme supply committee. Lf • MacArthur Prepares For Siege .V.[ Reports from the Philippines indicated that General MacArthur. 'his forces were preparing the Corregidor fortress to play the pact of a Philippine Tobruk. Frequent counter attacks by American fordes^la the sector have takyn heavy tolls in the Jap ranks. ;. • Argentina Rejects Military Alliance ‘ , i ri: Pan-American delegates yesterday received the frank rejeetidn^ proposals for “measures of belligerency” from Argentine envoy-Gst' tillo, openly sympathptic to the Axis nations. ' W • German Forces Continue Toward Berlin - - 1 i, German troops continued toward home at a brisk rate yesterdii^ Russian armies captured strategic points along the “winter line,” nebulous limit where German retreat was scheduled to sto^' which has been moving steadily westward. ' U * • Chinese Press Criticizes Allies , . . | , Chinese Army Organ, Sao Tang Pao, bluntly turned, sev(irejc|i^Mi» on American and British conduct of the war in the Pacific; depR^S^i^ lack of preparedness and failure to reinforce meager garmohs.' '
'■ .'Tr’i it' ' ■w r f^yt / 1 ^ Vi™ ^ ^ j ^ ^ ^}
•w i f \
Purdue Exponent
t f f« s
71?^ ;w
j
Thursday, January IS, 1942
i?e^afe</
'^^The theory that history repeats itself can hCtpifW' & gttiat deal of siipfiort from an analysis of today’s news and a comparison with reports of the past. Hitler’s retreat in Russia, for example, is amazingly similai to that of
Napoleon
“Since my last dispatch, our position has grown woi*sfe Almost all our horses—^30,000 of them—have perished as the I'psult of the cold . . The Cossaks have taken advantage of our complete lack of cavalrj' and almost complete laek of artillery, to harass us The^enemy has one thing we lack they are accustomed to moving on ice, and in wmtei this gives them an immense advantage over us* A gun or an ammunition wagon that we
caimot drag out of an insignificant ravine wuthout losing 12 to 15 hours, they can haul up, by using sleds and other appaiatus made for the purpose, as rapidly as though there weife no" ice at all ”—From Napoleon’s letter, quoted in Albert Can’s book, “Napoleon Speaks.”—^November 18, 1812. ^'The steel skeleton of two German tank divisions lay along the Klin—Volokolamsk
road . where they were overtakep and smashed by the'Red army. The ghastly graveyard of the Nazi lianzer forces was marked by masses of charred machines, piles of frozen bodies, and a litter of personal belongings . I have just traveled this road through the cemetery of once-proud German armored columns. It was a trip through the chamber of horrors''depicting m panorama the tragic results of winter battle . . “The Germans, falling back m Russia, have taxed their wits to garni all sorts of^ransport, including horses and slei^s” From recently released news dispatches of Associated Press and United Press correspondents in Russia. These stbrieS, written more than a century apart, strike an amazingly similar note Both would-be conquerors were forced to retreat in the same weak and fumbling manner. Both were forced to use the same primitive sleighs and horses Both were forced to bow before Russia’s most powerful ally. Winter And we all know what*happened to Napoleon ' —Southern California Daily Trojan
Dr$tji Pearton
Robert S. Allen
CltwHfiillKIOil MERRV-GOplKWMft
DiesL Discovers Subversive Jap Schools On West Coast; Murray Proposes War Production Shake-Up
WASHINGTON, Jan 14—Attei
thiee yeais’ probing of subveisive the State Depaitment’s European activities, it takes a lot to excite Division, telephoned to Hume Representative Martin Dies, but Wrong, counseloi ot the Canadian the other day the langy Texan hit Legation on a discoveiy that took his breath Canada is more copcerned With away the two French islands than, any HTis committee has been making other country because they are
The Bottle Neck
Corks note The CtiK wi ites this today to «how what fir reaching bad effect’s can come to in undcrcla'^sman becaus,c in overzealou's instructor has a rcputatic n for meanness to live up to A BUZZ4RD FRIGHTENS VINCENT
about it The fiist thing he did when he came into the room this morning was to swoop his eyes ovei the whole class, sending impulses up and down our. veitebie nnd he asked us all why we had gotten into his section He went on to guess that we couldn’t get into any otl\ei
a sweeping inquiry of Jap ftfthcolumning on the West Coast, including subversive teaching in Japanese language schools located all over Southern California Investigators foi^nd thatj
As the Cork w»is out last night (and not like we wash) to get something foi the Neck oi bust we found ourself walking o\ei the levee (instead of hitchhiking) About half ^^ay acioss the budge wt sav a small shiveiing foim on the lading Commg elosei we diseo\eied it to be Vincent whom we hadn’t seen for davs He was wimpeling and said he didn’t know whethei he should fall mtentionallj ovei into the swiihng wateis of the Wabash oi not We told him that theie probably was still ice on the iivei, so he said that he’d just wait >■
His eyes bulged and came to lest on a fellow lu the back of the loom and Buzzard seemed delighted to see him All he sard was “Oh, yes, Mr JACKSON’ You've been in my call FOUR semesteis now haven’t you’’’ He turned to blackboard muttering about how he wasn’t so bad, that he had passed several last seniestei and two yeais ago he had given an “A ”
from the primary grades up students in these schools are indoc trina>ted with militarism and the ideology of their Japanese an
cestprs
nearest her shores, so Atherton road to Canadian Counselor Wrong the statement blasting the Free French “What do you think of it’” he
asked
“I think it’s too stiong,” leplied Wiong, whose government strong ly sympathizes with DeCaulle “Well we can’t change it now,” leplied Atheiton “It’s already
Piimei books, foi instance, aie been, issued to the newspapers”
Questioning him fuithei wo found that he was having difficulties getting the second semestgi start ed He handed us this lettei which he didn’t know whether to send home and then end it all oi just to end it all
My body shook with feai, and he turned his bit, hulk aiound and roared, “You aren’t AFRAID aie jou'” I almost started to ciy, because he was looking light at me He assigned 40 problems for tomoiiow and I know that I can’t get any of them If he looks at me like that just once moie, I’ll dive out of that third flooi class loom, so I’d just as well end it all tonight
Deal Mothei and Fathei foi peihaps the last time This morning classes staited again and I was leal hgppy until I went into math class A Piofessoi Biizzaid teaches it I was so happj to get a “P ’ out of Math 1 but now I don t know
I feel even woise when I go ovei to the Union be cause they aie having a conference and theie are a lot of people over there I tuin up my collai on my overcoat so that eveiyone will think I’m a student and they won’t think that I’m theie foi the conleience, but it don’t do any good They still won’t ask me wheie any of the buildings aie You have been good parents, so boodbyt
filled with pictures of the Japanese flag and soldiers, accounts ot the gieatness of the Jap navy, and stones with titles like “My Biothei Enlisted in the Army ” Howeyer, the thing that stuimed Dies was a portion of a story en titled Submarines ” Although written several years ago, it was a peitect description of the sneak lap submarine attack at Pearl Harbor Punted in both Japanese and English it lead It is oui duty to go undeiwatei when the enemi s battleships diaw neai and sink
“Then why did you want to lead
it to me’” asked Wrong
The State Depaitment master
mind had no answei
Note The State Depaitment has been deluged with condemnation foi Clacking down on the Free hiench Some of the most potent ciiticism has been based upon the fact that we acted without ?on suiting oui Allies the Canadians and Biitish who weie equally if not moie conceined in the mattci
than the United States Don'f Criticize Vichy
Some of the most iinpoitant
Will not cotrte'* under the jurisdiction of the censors. This hhs been the genesal policy laid down by President Roosevelt, who although severely criticized by the press 4Vring hiS first eight yeais m office, steupchly champions the right of the press to criticize. In a lecent meeting of government officials to discuss censorship, howevGi, the State Depaitment replesentative pioposed that a ban be clamped down on criticism of the State Depaitment’s activities and policies He particularly mentioned criticism aimed at the Dgpartmenf’s constant appeasing of Vichy The pioposal, howevei, did get a very cold leception Theie was little discussion about the maftei at the time But afterwaids, Censoi Byion Pi ice confided to colleagues that he did pot considei ciiticism of the State Depaitment as falling in the categoiy of censoiable news Sneak Movie Probe Seveial dgys ago, Senator D Worth CJlark announced that the sneak movie piobe he headed had been ahandbned “in the interest oi national unity ” But what he did not mention was the fact thgt this isolation-ist-piopaganda stunt, pulled off by Clark and Senators Burt Wheeler and Gerald Nye, without Senate authorization, is going to cost taxpayeis the neat sum of $2,300 This IS the total of the bills m cuiied by the piobe that Claik has quietly slipped the Senate Audit Committee foi approval so they can be paid Chief among the outlajs for which taxpayers Will be soaked are two bills foi $250 each sub mitted by Hollywood gossip-col iimnists James Fidlei and George Fishei, lor expenses covering their trip to Washington to tes tify against morie concerns Biggest bill is $1,800 for stenogra
WAASwimmeis Mei!^ Today To Plan tourle
Lela Couiley, WXA 'h^Ad of swimming, tinnounced today that all junioi and senioi Red Cross Life Saveis who are not members of^ the Life Saving Coips should feport to the’ Memoiial Gymnasium today at 4 p m to organize the five one houi meetings of the tiainihg
couise /
It was also announced that the sign up sheets foi the Inteamiiral Swimming Meet, which HaVe been sent out to the various houses, must bd turned ij?, by toipKjiiiqsv The meeji isf te be held op Pqbrupfy 10, and five half-hour practices are leqpired before that date m.j 1
phers employed to record the emanations qfi Jhifipi T. Flynp and other hanfi-piclf^^ i^olatjonipt witnesses, ^ s Approval of the bills by the Audit committee is certain One reason IS that New Hampshne’s isolatipnist Senator Charles Tobey is a lanking member of the committee. Anothei leason iS the Senate’s traditional /back-sciatching Whatever senators piivately may think about one anothei, publicly they raiely thiow biickbats Note Claik’s committee has never made a lepoit and obviously does not intend to, as no money has been asked foi this pm pose
Or. M. Irion — DENTIST — 119 Vi Northwestern A»o. Phone 4965
them bv shooting toip^does and at questions affecting the Ameiican tiniiis to go secietly to the enemy s pi ess since 1918 ha\e been undei haiboi and attack his bittloships discussi,on in seeiet confeienees
This Buzzaid is big and stoop shouldered and has a wrinkled aval mouth with small eyes peeiing out
Love (foi the last time), Vincent
ROM£-
-TOKYO-
-BERLIN
dhiedmq^ JhjL CbciA,
NiTitaa^
-OAXOl-
-awoii
tween these two non coins is that dining Napoledn's time—Roosevelt didn’t ehoose to lun'
We got up blight and eaily (about 7 45 to get to an eight o’clock) yesteiday morning and thought of what Colton once said—“To sentence a man of tiiie genius to the diudgeiy of a school is to put a laee hoise in a mill ” Just when we had talked oui selves into going back to bed—we itmembeied the 3 5 index mentioned in the new deleiment law Ah' It’s wondeiful to start a new semestei—by going to classes
Oiii instiuetois weie telling us about how the shortage of papei may affecLus in the tutuie It seems that tests may have to be changed oi not given at all We don t see the cause foi the shoitage of papei unless it is used in the punting of all these new laws Oi maybe it is used in the wilting ot all these new patiiotic songs'
Talking about tests—-if it weien’t foi a few little loieign men with big eyes and little (if any) com mon sense—^we’d be in the midst of those things that give us a pieview of what the aftei life*will be like if we aien’t good.—finals
Donald Nelson has been appointed head of oui wai output Hitlei should lead his history book^—the other “Little Coiporal” had his big tiouble with a citv named Moscow, a countiy named England, and a man named Admiial Nelson, the only diffeienee be
It lb being talked about that we use the “loof of the Woild” foi ail lanes to fight the enemy They aie planning to fly acioss the Noith Pole to Japan, Noi way, and Russia It they do that we’ie going up and shave the mustaches off of the wall us so the soldieis can tell the difference between these animals and that one in Europe' i t e
Personnel Notes For Women
United States Civrl Seicice Com mission announces an un assembled examination foi the position of jun lor technologist Requiiements aie a bachelor’s degiec with majoi study in some bianch of physical oi biological science oi technology Fuithei information tan be ob tamed at the Placement Seivice foi •Women whose phone numbei is 2955 Blown Univeisity Giaduate
School announces a numbci ot fellowships, scholaiships and assist aiitships in vaiious depaitments An\ inteiested students may call the Placement Seivice for Women foi tuithei infoimation, oi may wiite to the Registiai of the Giad uate School, Piovidence, R I National Institute of Public Aftaiis Washington, D C, offeis, to seniDis and graduates, 50 inteinships in the Federal Government toi the next yeai Applications aie being accepted immediately The intein IS placed in the Fedeial^office toi tiaining on a non salaiied ha SIS
Dover House
announces the election of the following officeis foi the cm lent se mestei Geoige Eastin, president, Leon Claik puichasing agent, Lai ly Wiight, house managei, Max Stults, kitchen managei, Haiiy Ed waids, vice president. Jack Thomp son, social chaiiman, Victoi Stone VIC, education chairman, Lyle Han sen, athletic chaiiman, Fied Clancy, SCA lepxesentative
without warning ’ Murray's Plan Latest to trot out a plan ioi le organization ot the spiawlin^ he idless war production setup is CIO piesidcnt Phil Mini ij He has proposed to President Rooseielt the following That 0PM and its top controlling SP VB boaid be abolished lock stock and bar i el That in then place be appointed a thiee man board to have complete authontj over the ordering and procuring of all war supplies Chaiiman at the boaid to bt Hai ly Hopkins intimate adviser of the President and all powerful be hind the scenes figure in matteis iffccting the war Executive ducc toi of the board and its driving foice and expeditoi to be Charles E Soicnsen geneial superintendent and industiial genius ot the Poid oiganization Note Like 0PM Duectoi Geneial William Kniidsen Soienscn was born in Denmaik came to the U S as a child and woiked his way up liom a day laboici Laboiitcs late Soiensen the ablest and most libei al big business executive in the countiy U. S.-Canadian Cooperation On the moining that the State Depaitment issued its tamoiis state ment blasting the “so called Fiee Fiench toi taking ovei the tiny Noilh Atlantic islands ot St Pieiie Miquelon, Ray Aaheiton chief of
held by the Ccnsoi Byion Price abso by the Oflfice of Facts and Fig lies under able Aichibald McLeish, plus representrtives ot Strte Wu and Navy Dpon the outcome of these discussions will depend in a large measure what wai news aiithoi ities will permit the U S pi ess to pi lilt Howeier, criticism ot v ar policies, ot yvai production and ot war mistakes supposedly
LEARN TO DANCE CLASSES OPEN FOR LADIES AND GENTLEMEN BEGINNERS Wed., Jan. 28, 7:30 p. m. TO EXPERIENCED DANCERS ADVANCED
Thurs , Jan. 29, 7:30 p m
PHONE 2150
ALLEN’S
6lh and I erri
ARC
TODAY THRU SAT. —
LLOYD NOLAN IRENE HERVEY IN 'MR. DYNAMITE'
AND
THREE MESQUITEERS IN 'PALS OF THE PECOS'
ALSO
"JUNGLE GIRL" Serial Latesr PATHE NEWS
I SHE'S THE dynamite BEHIND THE YEAR'S
GOOD PRINTING
PAINLESS PRICES More Style for Less Money Kane's Print Shop 401 S .^9tb St Phone 5:
® Harry Babbitt ISO Ksbibblo, Sully Masoo • Produstd and DtmUi h DAVIO lUTUR
— Added — March of Time's 'OUR AMERICA AT WAR'
Scholaiships valued at $37,217 have been awarded to 103 students in the Columbia univefsity school of medicine loi the cui/ent yeai
fijuAdm- £xpowmJL All-American 1940-'41
LUMA 2 FIRST RUN HITS — iThree GOOD Bad Men
-TODAY - FRI. - SAT.-
Thriil to two famous stars...in a song-studded saga of tlie West!
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Latayette, Indiana, under the act of Congiess ot Macoh 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided tor in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session Delivered locally by carrier for $3 50 per yeai, mail sub scriptions, $4 00
Editor in Chief New» Editor Sportfi Editor
Ned A Ochiltree
1 L
RubineNs Manae:er
John L Trauffott Managfinsr E^tor PhiJ Johniion Cqed Editor .
Don S Powers Leland W Eulfner Ruth RoHe
Publication Staff Editurial Stall J F Amos J H ArmstronK D T Brojlhy n L Hadlry 1 I Joiub 1 0 Kicptr Soorfa Mail O J Claik J D hiubtr J S Keeler C,m4 Stall, Mn>y K Boyiilon Alici Chatlield Jane llamedLlI Abaocidte Editors
Business Staff Cued Business Manaeer Donna Siess Office Manacrer Lee Bossoup; Local AdvertlsInK Managers K K Gjemre U L Saxton Circulutiun Manaeer W f Bell Accounts Munaecr W D Millard Junior Coed Manatrers Jean Jrankenberry I ranees I loyd Julii Mai tin
Phonm: Editorial and Busineti, 4005, Sporfs, 2792 , Editorial After 10 P M, 5377
Jit pithtnUil foi national adyertibinjj by National AdvpitJs mt, SfiMcc Inc ColUj,c Publisheib Ilopicsentatlvefa 420 Madit) n Avi Ntw York N Y
Staff For This Issue
Nl|rht Edi(«r Amos IfiiX B4Uer Bvynlon
Mlfht bporU Xilitar FrwKrr Fditor Wolf
Htporlorh 1( W liiswiilili 1 Slim J I iiui i A 1 Hunt 1 S 111 I 1 I D K Blit/ J Kinibill H IcUstiin W Hi-.liins IJ n two B n. Murj,
mums
With
AnneGwynne“
RUTH FORD FRANK MITCHELL Onjiinol screen nloy by Robert Lee Johnson Directed by 1 IAM8ERT HlUYER J A Coljimblo Piclurt
■A.
TODAY - FRI. - SAT.-
VEKA ZORINA mm. MOORE
IRENE BQRDONI ^ RAYMOND WALBURN
ee.AU THIS, AND
BOB HOPE, TOO/
The Greatest- Musical Ever Filmed With 100 Louisian-i Love-
lies
^4t
5 d
V 7!■ 3
V' '
I
* ^
Ffi^h Swimmers Prepare ’ htra-Squiri Ckish W* Va^
Don Carlson
Ttnirsf^^
%|ifer'4 Te^s
PlSyefers Saturday
Chicago tfaitersity’s squash team, oi’isita^lV scheduled to oppose Chi^O^jM’ L. Cleyotfs Gold land Black team in the Fieldhouse this Satur#y„ along, with Culyeii’s racqueteet squad, will not appear, and tHo Boilermakers will play both the Culver officers and the Culver ca-
^et'^^qqash- teaips.
Giox^rs To Elect First Match Captain Tonight
Michigan State’s pugilists will offer the competition for the Boil-
Bivajry for first team positions erraaKer boxing team, in their first to opposq the Cadets here is stiU encounter of the year, according at ,a high pitch, with Norman Gold- Joe Benna, student boxing coach, stein holding down the pole posi- The Riveter leather pushers will tioB., Gene Adams, captain of the journey to East Lansing for the , racquet team an^- first place hold- luatch, to be held Jan. 30^ eh is now ineligible for competition. Fifteen boxers are working out thus.,moVWg eyewuo up a notch. J^ily in the Fieldhouse rings, and
Fresent' standings for the first team are\ Goldstein, McMillan, Wells, Bond, and' Boydston, but last-day" inter-squad matches are liable to alter tho list. Charles Hess heads the second* team group at present, with Wilkins, Marks, Fant and Petty being dose behind. Besides the Chicago cancellation, the annual Eastern trip after
Coach Benna says there is plenty of chance for an upset over the
Spartan fighters.
At 7:30 tonight all boxers will meet in Room 106 of the Fieldhouse to elect a captain for the Michigan State fight, and Benna has urged
that all boxers turn out.
According to the new intercollegiate rules^ there will still be eight different weight classes with
Chfistmas vacation, which included different weights and different
marches with such, teams as Yale, Harvard, M, I. T., and others, was also cancelled because of ,the impending tire situation, d.e.b. Interfraternity Bowling
Thursday, Jan. 15
6;30
Pi Kappa Phi vs Pi Kappa Alpha Alpha Gamma Rho vs Alpha Tau Omega Beta Theta Pi vs Theta Chi Phi Kappa Sigma vs Sigma Pi Beta Sigma Psi vs Phi Sigma Kappa
»:45
Triangle vs Acacia Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Alpha Sigma Phi Phi Gamma Delta vs Delta Tau Delta Phi Kappa Psi vs Kappa Delta Rho Phi Kappa vs Delta Upsilon Note—Phi Kappa Tau and Theta Xi do not bowl this week
nanfies from last year’s classes. The names, set up. with the new weights, ai’e as follows: bantam, 120 and under; feather, 120p127; light, 128135; welter, 136i-145; junior middle; 145-166; senior middle, 166166; light heavy, 166-176; and heavy, 176 pounds and over, d.e.b. Men with lockers in the Fieldhouse must sign up for them if they plan to use them the second semester. Slips will be available at the check-out window until Friday night and unclaimed lockers will be emptied Saturday.
EDGERTON HDWE.JNC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
THIS IS A PICTURE OF A HAPPY FAMILY
S’’ mi-r
The reason for the three big smiles is a happy comfortable week-end spent in a Union Cluh Room. Singles, doubles, and family suites are available. Make arrangements for your friends or family to stay at the Union during their visit. They’ll enjoy every minute of it.
fiWvdjUUL \ ^ * t< '• The Corner of the Campus — Yef the Center of Activities
^ Big Ten Goulash An analytic study of the present Big Ten standing as we go into the mid-teim breathing spell shows two very outstanding facts that aie of extreme inteiest to all Boilei maker fans who anticipate another conference championship. The first and most obvious is the strength of the Illinois five which has a firm hold on first place. That 58-49 trouncing of Ohio State on the Buckeyes’ own flooi is a definite indication of this pow^r. At least for the present, it looks like the Illini aie the team to beat, and the Boilermakers face them just once—^the final game of the season, and on the Illinois floor at that. ► We Haven't Played A First Division Team Yet The second factor is that the Boilermakers have not in the first four games of their schedule played a first division team as yet. In winning three of four they have met Chicago, Ohio State, Michigan, and Indiana. These teams in the present standing are placed tenth, ninth, eighth, and sixth in order. In addition, there is no indication to show that any of these teams will be good enough to better their position noticeably. This all means that the Boilermakers have yet to face the best five teams in the conference, and three of them must yet be met on a home and home basis. ► We Never Lose To The Top Teems Then on the other side of the ledger is the rathw odd fact that in a great many cases Boilermaker hardwood squads are able to win from the favorites, but lose to the obvious underdogs. But even taking this into consideiation, we haven’t seen anything yet. ^ Northwestern's Loss A Puzzler It is rather hard to understand how a team like the Wildcats who beat Indiana lather badly could lose to a team which looked so weak against the Boilermakei s last week. The secret of the victory was the Wolveiine defense which held the Northwestern scoring aces Henry Clason and Otto Graham to a minimum of points. It just goes to prove that any of the top nine teams are capable of heating any other team on certain nights. For this reason, that is if the Illinois sophomoi es have a few bad nights, the winner of the title this yeai is apt to lose as many as thiee or four games. j Buy United States Defense Bonds and Stamps
Intramural
News
There will be plenty of fast action tonight on the Fieldhouse gymnasium court when 28 basketball teams, representing the fraternities, Cary Hall, and the wards, take the floor to continue the race for the 1941-42 Intramural basketball championships. Cary Hall will be the first group to reach the final round of their tourney when Cary Hall 10 squares off against Cary HaU 11 tonight at 7:00 on Court 1 to determine the champion in class “A” basketball.
Fraternities
Two fraternity semi-final encounters are also scheduled for this
With Mkhigm State iMtiStie as the first gwimmitfgmmtestaat, ths Boilenmken wiB gpm tMr Sm* sen in the Btaldttnnse jmmS ‘JtatHMirjr
31. The
ing Off veB/oT. thf Stffd Coach Eheki 31^ *•*»» paying sgee^l 40 !*• yearling svPPlf > - Meet Sntfnrtlsy« , "t This Batnedny at B p.tR« tlif* frosh and., vaxsjty meWihtgs vidR compete in an istaraeqnadsWiiWitaB^ meet in the local tanl^j^l«inetiet
* Papengqth will get g
the way his team^ will ^ al^|W. pp against the season's ^ In the Rhinie. igxntpeti^knisJBIt^ Heidke, former Lane Ti^k- pi cago star, has been dii breast stroke times de^^te world records and fa seyei^ is expected to gjo- out after cnKi^jO# those marks. Another brjeaststecd^ er, Sherwood Filer a£ West latlasr* ette, has been showing irngraVenigni^ since the outset of the fall Seaiaen^
„.„Zkln4»I^Wif4jiMen.6o^^ Bob Barna^, CMcago ^ ers invafle the Fieldhouse for the br^ststaoke
Fit to fly with the best! It’s a great service—the Air Corps! Picked men and picked equipment! One of its latest radio devices—the Western Electric throat microphone — transmits speech clearly in spite |of roaring motors, leaves the pilot’s hands free, doesn’t interfere with his 'Oxygen mask. This new "mike”— and many other kinds of special radio equipment for the ai’med forces— grew out of Western Electric’s 60-year experience as manufacturer, purchaser and distributor lor the Bell System. We’re glad the knowledge and facilities gained in our telephone job—more important than ever today — enable ns to help "Keep ’em Flying!” '
Boilermaker’s next Big Ten game yearlii^.
they will be depending a lot on Don ®'tore Frosh
Carlson’s scoring and defensive abil- Johnny Owen, Bedford, and Bill
evening. Beta Theta Pi and Delta ity to break the four-way tie they Dunn of Toledo have been conayetUpsilon wjll take over Court 2 for share with the Rivpters for second mg heavily for backstroke sapr^their game at 8:15, and Theta Chi place in the Western Conference acy. Murray Hubley, foKner Hiratwill have Sigma Chi as their op- title race. So far, however, Don has ington Y. M, C. A. diving flash, has ponents at 8:00 on Court 3. bad a little trouble in finding the given some good exhibitions on Two other fraternity games, one range that made him one of the both the low and high boiffds. In a quartei’-final affair and the other leading scorer^ ’in^ Big Ten circles the free-style workouts R^>N^n, a regularly scheduled encounter, last season. Rockford, Illinois,. and Bob>- Vim-
Deusen, Jamaica, N. Y., have been racing in the sprint distances,, and
will complete the fraternities’ part of the evening’s proceedings. Phi Kappa Tau will meet Tau Kappa Epsilon in the quarter-final game at 8:16 on Court 3 and Phi Delta Theta will match shots with Alpha Gamma Rho in the other game scheduled for Court 4 at 7:15. Ward basketball has reached the semi-final stages and this evening there will be two games played in this division. Ward 10 is matched with Ward 24 in a game that will
Ward 4
Cary Hall 14 Cary Hall 14
Theta Tau Cary Hall 14
Van Darrow William Dunn Elroy Heidke^
Raymond Nihan
John. Owens
Russell Robinson Charles Van Dusen
Louie Ware
Fraternity freshmen who are in terested in becoming Intramural managers are urged to report to
be played at 8:15 on Court 1, and in fbe Intramural office, Room 111 in crawl competition,
the other encounter Ward 3 will the Fieldhouse, at 4:00 Friday aft-
clash with Ward 29 on Court 2 at ernoon, January 16.
8:00. Freshmen who try out for this Squash Finals job come to the Fieldhouse every
The final matches in fraternity weekday afternoon at 4:00 and as-
squash will be played this week sist the managers in conducting the if scheduled games are run off as Intramural program. At the end of planned. Tonight Sigma Alpha Mu their freshman year two men are will meet the winner of the Beta picked for the job of sophomore
managers and one alternate is also chosen. One of these sophomores is chosen for the junior manager. As a reward for the two freshmen chosen they shall receive a trip to Chicago to attend the Western Conference Athletic Conference. In addition, three Intramural sweaters are giyen the freshmen and a “P” sweater awarded to the man who is chosen to be junior
Sigma Psi-Alpha Tau Omega match that was played last night, and the victor of this match will meet the winner of the Sigma Chi-Sigma Phi Epsilon game that was also played last night. The final match in this tourney is scheduled for Friday
night.
The Intramural All-Star swimming team has just been announced and the Ipieup reads as follows:
Cary Hall 11 Van Darrow, all the way fwnr Hbn« Phi Gamma Delta olulu, has been turning in some
good times in freestyle distance
swimming.
George Rich, freshman swimmer from Battle Creek, Michigan, was
r H 11 from the sqnad for several ^ months due to illness, but is back
again in practice. Rick was picked No. 1 on the AIL-Ameriea^ Medlesf Relay Team, breast, back* and
Saturday’s iikra-squad meet wiU throw the frosh and varsity satmimers against each other good times are expected by mentor Pnp^ enguth. Preliminary selecHens wiH probably be made for the initial Michigan State plash, here a weCl^!
from Saturday. d.e.b.
Sports Staff
J. Richard Bornor Cary Hall 14 manager of Intiamuial sports.
Important meetii^ of the jnnior associate editors^ and freshman and sophomore wnrkecs Thursday evening at 7 in the Union, office. Work sch^iiles will be arranged. Very important fhat
everyone attend. —JOHNSON^
PHDISE
ilmerican's Sanitone Cleaniiig IS Superior Because • It cleans the heart of the fiber • It removes perspiration soil • It restores finishing oils ® It lengthens garment life
ySED aad NEW 7 BOOKS and SUPPtmS EQ]| ALL COURSES
IN YOUR OLD 5POKS FOR 80% OF OUR RETAIL PRICE NOW! UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE Across from the Vnion Building M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29 R. W. “Doc” ETpple^ ’40
fh M 3wvr’r’ ‘ ‘ Purdue Pxpdnetii
( / I' s
ThuHelayf January JS, 194?
\
ittip Morris Winners Schedules Farm Bureau 1 i BASKETBALL f Hontinued froWi t)a£
Taken in front of Southworth's Book Store, this photo shows 11 to r ) Bill Farber, President of Cary Club, Mary Bailey, Presi dent of Alpha Xi Delta, and Bob Pearson, President of Alpha Tau Omega The organizations they represent won the annual Phillip Morris football scorecast contest
Public Organizations To Collect Used Books Saturday For Soldiers Members of the local Boy Scouts, hi I ary staff membeis and faculty wncs will canvass West Lafayette and the community Satuiday mom in" instead of Sunday as yesteiday’s Exponent announced foi used books to be sent to soldieis, sailois and Jaimes American Libiary Association is ^ is^ionsoring the drive with the help of" the Red Cross and the USO The Umveisity and the Student Wai Council have already approved the dnve The quota foi this community Is 10,000 The men want fiction, adventuic and aviation stories, histoiical novels, good humoi the bettei mvsteiy and detective stones, spcits and western novels, tech meal and scientific books of the last tcnyeais, not those any oldei texts in piesent use in lav and medical ''Chools, mathematics foi the ai tilleiyman, liteiatuic — p o c 11 v diama and essajN In the last wai poetiy vas one ol the populai classes Histoi^ biogiaphv tiavcl qnd gcogiaphv—tiavcl not oUlci than the last ten v cai s miscellaneous books aboit music photogiaphv economics and cuiieni^ affaiis die tionaiies and business books, chil dien’s books ioi the families in oui great munition iactoiy communi ties Donois aie requested to have then books leadr Satin daj mom ing and all cooperative houses tia temities and soioiitics lesidence hails and othei houses aie expected to cooperate deb
Livestock Breeders Hold Annual Dinner Last Night In Union At the annual dinner of the Indiana Livestock Breeders’ Association last night in the Union, a lea tine ol Univeisity Agiicultural Conference, Indiana’s top notch live stock men weie honored Med als weie awarded to those bieedeis of the best cattle hogs, sheep, and stallions Web Ciane and Sons, Loogootee, were awarded the W A Wilkey and Son Tiophy loi achieving the best all aiound iccoid in 1941 in the various Gold Medal livestock clubs which aie sponsored by the Univeisity Agiicultuial Extension Service and the Indiana Livestock Bleeders’ Association The Cianes vcie awarded the tiophy foi having won 17 medals with then Here told and Angus cattle, then ciossbied littei ol hogs, and with thou nuie bicd Southdown lambs the Baikei Tiophr awaided to the hog man with the most outstand II ^ iccoid foi 1911 wont to Alonzo Iichnid Plvmouth, who won the St me ti oph\ in 19 10 Ihe Van Natti Tiophy was pie sented to the Connci Piaiiic taim, \obAsvillc ownci of the bull scoi in highest in the piodiiction ot Gold Medal cahes last \eai C 0 House Aicacui ic ci\od the Connei iio))hv loi Icing the ownei of the stillion scoiin^ the hi-,hest as sue ot Gold Medal Colts And the Millet tai m Po tland was presented with the Quakenbush fiophv, awaided to the ownei ol the top sue ol Gold Medal lambs h e
BASKETBALL
Thursday January 15
1
Cary Hall 11 vs Cary Hall 10 Cary Hall 1 vs Caiy Hall 14 Gates & Barnard (Final Round) Gates ( B’ Basketball) Cary Hall 2 vs Cary Hall 3 Gates ( B Basketball) Waid 10 vS Ward 24 (Semi Final) Gates & Bainaid 2 Cary Hall 4 vs Caiv Hall 5 SehwirtK ( B Basketball) Cary Hall I \s Cary Hall 7 Schwartz ( B Basketball) Ward 3 %s Ward 20 Schwartz & Kcpnei Delta Upsilon vs Beta Theta Pi Schwartz & Kcpnci
3
Gaiy Hall 8 vs C iry Hall 0 ( B Basketball) Caiy Hall 10 vs Cary Hall 11 Emerson ( B Basketball) rheta Chi vs Siltma Chi Emeison & Rafferty Phi Kappa Tau vs Tau Kappa Ppsilon Emeison & Rafferty (Quarter Final)
4
Cary Hall 11 \s Gary Hall 12 Kepnei ( B Basketball) Phi Delta Theta \s Alpha Gamma Rho RalferU & Kepner
Merry- Go-Rou nd (Ccmtinued from page 1) 2 Rigging the elections in Buenos Aires province last month to prevent the dominant Radical party from gaining fuither strength in the Congress Then, to prevent protests against such rigging, the Consei V2(tive government declared a state of siege 3 Banning a pro-U S demonstation after Japan had piovoked Avar The Radicals, through their pro-U S Accion Aigentine, laid plans for a public tribute to Roosevelt, but the government outlawed the demonstration as ‘unneutral ’ Chief ace m the hand ot the Unit ed States is the resentment ot the Aigentine people against this po litical lule Aheady the uniest of the Aigentine public has pushed its conservative Government into de clai ing that the U S is not a belligeient, which gives our wai ships the facilities ol Aigentine poits hitheito denied to Biitain and othei belhgoients Howevei, the geneial Aigentine public does not considei this enough and most of them will be looting foi the Welles Aianha policy at Rio Furthermore the Radical party, representing the majority ot the people, IS no ii responsible ragtag of the countrj, but a rising and reputable middle class 'typical of their supporters are Alberto Duhan one of the wealthiest men in the country, who acts as angel toi Accion Ai gentina Other Radical leaders are Pablo Bardin, a wealthy Argentine spoitsman, ex-President Alvear, grandson ot the Argentine founder, and ex Foreign Ministei Pueyr redon, a w ealthv cattle rancher who also seived tor manj jeais as Ambassadoi in Washington The ijft within Aigcntina is so liad, that it is not out«idc the lealm ot possibilitv that the Rio confei cnee will bung it to a seiious cii sis (CopAlight 1942)
(Continued from pgge 1)
terday noon in the Union. Dr, Joseph W Clokey, Dean of Fine Aits, Miami Univeisity, Oxford, O., was the piincipal speakei at the luncheon Di E C Elliott welcomed the gioup to the campus and entertainment was furnished by foiu county choiuses diiected by AI Stewait
Home Ec Choruses Sing
Fifty five to sixty county home economics Choruses made up of about 1,000 voices and diiected by AI Stewait were the featuied attraction at last night’s piogiam in the Music Hall The combined choiuses sang songs composed by Indi-
ana composers
Annual horticultuial dinner was held last evening in the Home Economies building and the Livestock Bieedei’s Association held then annual banquet in the south balhoom
of the Union
Today’s piogiam will continue with activities in all ten sections of the confei ence Lamar Kishlar, Ralston Puiina Mills, St Louis, Mo will addiess the foienoon agionomy section on “Wheie Soybeans go When They Leave the Fai m ” Alumni Dinner Scheduled Highlighting today’s luncheons will be the annual Agiicultural Alumni Dinnei to be held fiom 11 30 until 1 45 in the agiicultuial engineeiing building Di Fiank Eveisull, piesident of the North Dakota Agiicultuial College, Fai go, N Dak, will be the piincipal speakei at the luncheon and Distinguished “Ag” certificates will be awaided Associate Dean V C Freeman, piesident of the alumni association will pieside at the
luncheon
Di P B Knight of the division ot education and applied psychology department will speak today noon at the annual luncheon of the Indiana Home Economics Asbocia tion on “Women aie Also Citizens ’’ Anothei leatuie of this luncheon will be the modeling of the latest styles of faim women’s woik clothes by home demonstiation
agents
In this afternoon’s session in the Music Hall, Maiy I Baibei, food consultant. Office of Quarteimastci Gencial, Wai Depaitmcnt, Wash ington, D C , will addiess the ladies on “Feeding Out Bojs” Geneial Program Tonight Tonight’s piogram consists of a geneial session in Powlci Hall with Associate Dean V C Pieeman piesiding Main leatuie ol the evening piogram will be an addiess by F R Hall of the History, economics and government depaitment en titled “The Piying Pan and the File ’ Othei parts of the piogiam include leadings by G E Davis, Maiimba duets by the Biadshaw twins aii^l folk dances by the Folk A Whiileis deb
Goldsnuith To Spook At Cosmospoiifan Club Meel-ing Tomorrow Launching its'' program for the new semester, the Cosmopolitan C^lub will hold a meeting at 4’30 p m in room 304 of the Union Several committees will be appointed and a report on the recent National Convention held at the University during Christmas vacation will be given Dean P I Goldsmith, faculty^'advisoi and national president of the Cor da Praters Association of Cosmopolitan Clubs, will speak on the duties of Cosmopolitan Club members as part of the national organization h e
Wesley Poot)«l(itlon ^ketlngr Party: Fiiday niKht, Jan 18, 8 80-10 pm at the Foundation Leave for ’Maple Point at 10
pm Skate from 18 80-12 SO Charsfes 26o per person to Include transportation Those ter Hall
fuimshinK cars to be admitted free
—GILBERT
p. E. M. 80 and P. fi- W. 801 First meeting of these first aid classes will ^ held pn Thursday, Jan 16 at 7 p m. in blolop lec-
ture room on second flodr
Notices
Little Movie Convo Subscribers (The Student Art Guild Little Movie Convo will be held in the Hull of Music on Tuesday Jan 20 instead of this evenini? as previously announced ■—PARKS WAA PinK ponfr ,4 a shuftleboard callouts will be Monday Jm IT at 4 p m It Women s G> m -SCHUBER Junior Military Studen-s f you wish to enter 156 mm howit/cr competition for the second semestei turn m list of squad by noon Jan 17 to Capt Ruby List to include two juniors nine sophomores
—RUBY
Senior Chemistry- Majors Seniors who arc (Ic-sirous of (tettinq a job report to room 422 Chemistry buildinp; A number of issisLintships are available lor comiiiB school ynr in the departmi nt of clumistiy Sen lors interested report to mv office at once —DEGERING Zouaves McctinB it I p m Thursday Jan 1) in room 101 of the Aimoiy Drills will he diseusscci GRAF AWS Thole will be a mootinp: of the cMcutive I 111 I rh irsd \ Jan 15 MeCULI OUGH Aeromodclers Impoi tant mectma it 30 pm Ihursday Jin li in room 80 of the Union Important tl at cverjone inteiesUU in second semester membership attt nd
SMITH
All Military Students: AH make-ups 'to remove C or I arades for first semestei caused by absences will Ire accomplished duWng the weeks of Jan 21 to Feb 8, inclusive No drill ma)tc-ups Will be held
during the week of Jan
Code and Radio Instructiop: Any student desirina to enroll m extra curricular code instruetion contact Lt R F Vimderford or Lt Burkhart in the Armory before Saturdfly, Jan 17 1042 —BURKHART Glider Club Very important business meeting legardina purchase of new ship In room 804 of the Union at 7 80 p m , Thursday Jan 16 All members and plcdgcb must attend —CAFl EE Chemistry Major Seniors Those desinoim of getting: a job should report at my of flee, room 422, Chemistry building and advise me of their tiaining, desires as to employment and information helpful ip
placing them
A number of assiataptshlps pre available for the coming school year in the depait ment of chemistry Those students intoi (btod should icport to my office ht once
—DEGERING
Modern Dance; Callout begins Friday Ian 16 at 4 p m in the Women’s Gym All old and new girls are invited to attend —SERBAN Roger Williams Club: Sunday evening Jan 18 a 15 cent lunch and social hour will be held at 6 30 p m at the WcSl Lolayctte Baptist Church Dr Palmei will speak at Methodist Church at 6 30 p m
—ARTMAN
Cosmopolitan Club Meeting Friday Jan 16 at 4 30 p m in room 304 of the Un ion Social program for the rest of the semester will be discussed —KELLAR
Tau Beta Pi* Mcetipg Thursday, Jan 16 at 7 30 p m in room 366 of the Union Important business and refreshments Old members will receive plaques —MUNGER AH Forensic Managers Meeting in the olllce in the Union on Thursday Jan 16, at 4 p m —LAWLER Student War Council Meeting Thursday Jan 16 at 4 p ra in the Student Senate office —DIBOS GE 11 and GE 12 The examination for the removal of C and I grades in GE 11 and GE 12 will be given Saturday Jan 24 from 1pm to 4 p m in room 301 Of the Michael Golden Shops - RISING YWCA Cabinet Members Meeting in the office at 8 p m Thuisday Jan 16
NEWTON
Senior Coeds For information regarding the Civil Sciviee examination for positions as junior technologists call at the Place ment Service for Women Phone number 2966 —SMITH Exponent Editorial Staff Staffs for the remainder ot this week Jan 14 through 17 inclusive will be the samO as last semester s It for any reason you cannot report for work on your assign daj be certain you get a substitute
—RUFFNER
Gold Peppers Dinnci meeting at B 15 p m Thursday at the Kappa House If you are unable to attend please call Betty Graham -SCARFF Sophomore Military Students The foi lowing students report at the Supply Room of the Armory at 4 p m eithei Jan 16 or Jan 16 tor the purpose of having their pictures taken Alimaii Anderson Barab Figg Funk Gatineau Gutting Har rington Hoffman Howarth Johnson Leh nen Loren McCoy Nelson Olsen Parrish Pflug Sanders Shelby Tamm Uhl Weis
berg Wilson Zankl —VANDFRFORD
WAA Meeting of the intramural board Friday Jin 1(> at 4 p m in the Womens gym -FORD M E 113 Mechanical vihralion class
will meet Mond i> Wednesday ind 1 riclay Typewriters—Adding Machines, all makes at I p m in loom 3 Mech inie il I nginoer sold, rented repaired, and purchased Mlmeing Buileling The first meeting will be held ograph work done C J Ebershoff, 606 Main, Ian 16 Fill BEHG Lafayette Phone 2T79
Classified
Ads
M B 6t All students who hn\c not ^ot ton their pump piojcct bid cm do so bv callmj? at zoom dOJ ?dcthinicil Int-iinci int, Buildin^ AUI 1 AU Si phomore Military Students Pie lure schedule 1 t 1 t ikcn in th suppli 1 lom Tin N mil) hnvt Ixcn cancdlcl C.RAHAM
Tor Sale A set ot excclbnt drawinr in tiunicntb Call 15612 RcGSonabk anted to buy 1 set dr^iwinir instru mtnts K & E Post or DictZKon CtlU Hupp 508) Ivost D irk blue purse Reward Call 8tH U20
RESOLVED... DON’T BE FOOLISH Take care of your tires . . . we all agree that is very good advice. Likewise it is good advice when we say, tke care of your clothes. Crown cleaning service is your ‘"First Line of Defense” in getting longer wear from your clothes. Regular cleaning removes grit and grime that injures fabric. HAVR CLOTHES CROWN CLEANED REGULARLY
Top of the Hill
DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD J. RISK -- DENTISTS 400-604 Schultz Bldg 4th and Mam St Lafayette
War Needs Money—YOURS!
This war calls for every ounce of enexgy every dime and dollai we can muster for ships—and pianes—and guns Hit the enemy with a $25 Bond Huit him with a $50 Bond Help to blow him skyhigh with a $100 01 $1 000 Bond Don’t delay — every h o u i counts Buy United States Defense Bonds and Stamix, TODAY
♦
Everything for a t College Education | DEAL’S I
*
-M-f-f 4 4-444444-4V
THINK NOW!
ABOUT YOUR
NEXT SEMESTER
PINE BAR GRILL j
'I :
’ w 'j'* Our Speicalty 4- .J '***’ 200 Columbia
Malehed Pen and Pened Seti S3 95 up P«ni SS 75 up Pencilii SI 00 up
Send them back to school equipped to win— V/1 th THE tools they 11 use every single day throughout school, throughout life—SHEAFFER S FEATHER TOUCH, the ONLY LIFETIME Pen (Identified by the White Dot) Now matched with FINELINE, the "Masterpiece ' of mechanical Pencils.
SheafferS
EXPONENT SUBSCRIPTION
r M.
E. MOREHOUSE
DAIRY
( ji/
QUALITY MILK
j ' I
Phone 56214
DECKER’S 518-20 Main Sfr. Phone 5036
tk