i
H > 1 '* . ^ " k l- ‘ ^4 ,. 5 / C- \ / ( ^
) ’1 ■
Exponent Completes Plan For Service Man’s Page ^ . . An Editorial . . Today the Exponent is inaugurating a plan. Since the army, nhvy and marines now make up more than half of the student body, a full page of features and news stories will be devoted to their activities, the first of which will appear in Saturday’s
issue.
It is intended that the page be written by soldiers, sailors and marines for soldiers, sailors and marines. With this in view we hope that all men }n the service groups. Who are interested in the idea, who have or think they have the ability and who have the inclination will offer their services. Undoubtedly there are men who have a. keen interest in journalism, and who have the ability and the inclination to write good interesting articles for their page, the service page. 1 In order to obtain as complete coverage as possible of all service units we hope men from each residence unit will show ifiterest in the page. The amount of news on each branch of the service will be determined by the number of reporters from
each.
Sigma Delta Chi, the national journalistic fraternity, has a chapter on the campus of which senior and junior Exponent staffs are members. These men extend an invitation to all who are now studying here, under the army-navy programs, to help write and organize the service page. All men interested in working on the service page are invited to a meeting with the Exponent staff tonight in order to formulate plans, collect ideas and organize a staff. The meeting will be attended by the army and navy publicity officers and will be held at 7:30 in the editorial offices, located in the Union Building. Cooperation between service men and students on the campus has been excellent from the first. Here is a chance for both to work on a common undertaking which will interest both groups. Today’s paper has been distributed to all fraternity houses and all residence halls used by the army and navy. Saturday’s paper, containing the first service page will be distributed in like manner. Subscription for the following issues will be at the rate of $1.25 for each sixteen week period ,or $1.00 for each twelve week period. We would like to suggest that in order to lessen the cost, groups of men in each unit subscribe for a single paper, thus supplying sufficient number of papers for the units at a minimum cost. We are beginning something which we hope you soldiers, sailors and marines will want to continue and build up as time goes on. Other college papers have produced fine service pages, we think you can do better.—w.h.t.
Established 1889
Beware, Gafs!
Volume 56,440. 30
Purdue University/West Lafayette, Indiana
Calling All Girls . . . Service Men Invade University; Campus Provides Variety Of Entertainment
By Jack Abbett
No one can say that the new V-12ers on the campus are slow in getting acquainted with the coeds at this fair University. In fact, some of these industrious lads have all their evenings
filled for some time to come.
They have even found out the better places of having a good time in downtown Lafayette. But this is only trivial when we stop to consider that these
twelve hundred sailors and marines are here to get an education so that they will be fitted to take over the command of men in their I’espective branches.
To Hold Athletic Events
These men will not, however, be spending their time between studying and have a good time. They will be introduced to many intramural athletic events, which will develop them physically plus giving them a chance to show up the other
branch of the service.
The first real step toward the be-
ginning of competative sports be- through this afternoon, with an tween the navy and marines, and estimated total of 600 persons to
give blood for men in the armed
forces.
To Red Cross
Unit During 3-Day Stay One hundred and seventy persons gave their blood to a mobile unit of the Red Cross from Indianapolis Tuesday at the opening session of the American Red Cross July blood donor center at the St. Mary’s school. The center will continue
the army as soon as it arrives on the campus, will take place in the
next week or so when one of the This is the first three-day sesmarine units on the campus meets ever held in Lafayette, and the a challenging navy team on Stew- local Red Cross staff has been augart Field. Such events of this kind mented by the mobile unit from Inshould add color to what looked like dianapolis for the center’, a very sportless summer on the Today will be the last day conTJniversity campus. tributions may be given. The cen-
To Provide Entertainment The University has also gone all
out in an attempt to provide tnese new service men with plenty of entlme. The ’first in this series of events is the USO dance to be held in the ballrooms of the Union this Saturday night starting at 8:30; and if it is shown that this is what the service men want then many
ter will be open from 10 a. m. to
2:30 p. m.
I AeS To Meet Tonight For Films On Me 110 A meeting of the Institute of
more such events will probably be Aeronautical Sciences will be held
held in the future.
Commander Barkley and his staff have also decided that they are not to be outdone by either the individual initiative of the men under their command or by the University, and they have planned an extensive set of programs for the
room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building tonight at 7:30 at which films on the Messerschmitt 110 fighter plane will be
shown.
The meeting is open to the public and will be followed by a short business meeting. The films were ob-
V-12ers and the navy electricians tained from Vultee Aircraft Cormates. Jhe first of such programs poration and will show the perforis to be held just before the stag mance and design features of the dance Saturday night, and movies plane, will be shown for the men every
Friday night.
Can Attend Columbia Park Series throughout the summer. But with If, after all this planning, the the free time after all this, the navy service men decided that their time and marine corps will have to prove is far too empty, they can journey their old proverb that they are the out to Columbia Park and listen to first line of defense and the marines the convocations that will be given have landed and have the situation under fhe stais at vaiious intervals well in hand.
University Officials Solve Farm Problems County Agents' Special Committees Created To Combat Labor Shortage Working hand in hand with Indiana farmers on their job of planting and harvesting a war crop are the University extension officials and the country agriculture agelnts. Since Congress enacted legislation the last of April creating the U, S. Crop Corps and directing the Agricultural Extension Service to administer the farm labor program, organization activity ‘ has occupied the time of these Facf Moafe Wocl two groups. County emergenLCDI rivvij ffwl cy farm labor committees were . ■ organized in all counties of the
As Navy, Marines farm labor committees, first determined the local farm help situation and then made recommendations for a program of action on recruiting and placing needed manpower. Most of the counties have arranged for from ten to thirty community farm labor placement centers in towns, villages, and cross-road stores, where local businessmen are cooperating with the county agent on a voluntary basis to locate and
place farm labor.
Jamacians Work On Indiana Farms The University Agricultural Extension Service during the past two months has ordered 179 Jamacians from the War Food Administration for work on Indiana farms. They were requested by the state farm labor office after that office received orders from several counties that could not be filled locally. ' In reality, the Axis is helping to defeat the Axis, for Italian prisoners of war stationed at Camp Atterbury have been helping Indiana farmers. The U. S. Army officers at the camp co-operated with University offiojals in making it possible for the prisoners to work for farmers within an area of 25 miles of the
camp.
Kohlmeyer Reports The record established in the past two months however, is just a continuation of the outstanding work which has been done sinte the first of the year. J. B. Kohlmeyer of the Univeisity staff and also state supervisor of the emergency farm labor program which is administered by the University and the county agricultural agents of the state, reported that 11,526 placements have been made during the first six months of this year. The surprisingly large number of farm labor placements made, Kohlmeyer declared, “is conclusive demonstration of what local initiative and leadership can do on local problems, working under a broad program of practical co-operation. It reflects the co-operation of school officials, town and city residents, and volunteer placement workers have given farmers, county agricultural agents, and Purdue’s agricultural extension service.” July Placements To Increase A look at a few figures shows that a total of 814 year-round workers, persons working for six months or more for the same farmer, have been recruited and placed for the January 1 to June 30 period. Summer workers, those working one month but less than six months for the same farmer, numbei’ed 911 placements for the state. To do seasonal woik of less than one month for any one farmer, there were 9,801 placements for the six months. , Kohlmeyer said he expected farm labor placements for July to exceed the number for June. July and August are expected to be especially heavy from the standpoint of the seasonalty of farm work. Grain threshing, hay making, corn detasseling, and tomato picking jobs will be plentiful, he stated. New Work To Start This week he issued a call for 2,000 boys to help detassel corn in Tippecanoe, Benton, and Newton counties, where corn companies will pay from 50 to 70 cents an hour for 10 hour days. This work will start about the last week in July. Interested persons aie urged to register at once with their county agricultural agent, who will furnish them with additional information about the employement which is expected to last about two weeks.
//
777 Registored In Engineering
By Bob Woerner
When Mr. Kipling penned his oft-
quoted phrase “East is East and West is West, and never the twain shall meet,” he quite obviously was unaware of the situation which would arise during the present war.
Here at our own University, not
only did East meet West but North met South, and, in fact, the whole compass suffered a severe jumbling when 1232 navy and marine V-12 students from all parts of the na-
tion registered last Monday. Oregon, Citadel Represented Such distant schools as the Uni-
versity of Oregon, New York University, and the Citadel are represented in the group whose members have studied at 96 different insti-
tutions of higher learning. Leading the way, of course, is the
University itself with 434 former students among the group. In second place is the University of Illinois with 79 former students. The Univei’sity of Cincinnati is third with 76, Missoui’i is fourth with 66, the University of Iowa is fifth with 62, and North Dakota is sixth with
31.
Many Others Represented Other universities with large representations are Iowa State, Ohio University, Indiana University, the University of Kansas, the University of Minnesota, the University of Wisconsin, and Chicago University. All of the Big Ten schools except Northwestern and Michigan are represented. 633 Navy, 441 Marines Of the group, 663 of the students are in the navy while the other 441 are their good friends and playmates (it says in the official communiques), the marines. Broken down into schools, the navy has 586 men in the various branches of engineering, 134 in agricultui’e, 14' in forestry, 26 in premedics, 44 m general science, 29 in pharmacy, 2 in physical education, and 39 in that alluring branch of knowledge called miscellaneous. The marine corps has 192 students in engineering and 247 in “basic” which includes all the other schools. K. D. Wood To Consult On Aircraft In West Professor K. D. Wood, who is in charge of the instruction in Aeronautical Engineering at the University, has gone by plane to Fort Worth, Texas and San Diego, California for two weeks. The time will be spent for consulting service on new airplanes being developed by the Consolidated-Vultee Aircraft Corporation. Consolidated-Vultee Aircraft isi best known at present as the originator of the Liberator bomber now being manufactured in quantity at a numbei of factoiies including the Ford Willo^ Rim plant. Moving? Civilian students who have changed their local places of residence during the last few weeks are requested to call at the Registrar’s office, Goldsmith’s office, and the Personnel Service on the ground floor of the Executive Building and give their new ad-
dress.
Ralph B. Stone, Registrar. Goldsmith, Dean of Men L. Cason, Personnel Service
State Needs Large Corps To Detassel Hybrid Seed Corn Workers To Receive • All Food, Lodging Approximately 2,000 persons are
needed to detassel hybrid seed com in Indiana, according to J. B. Kohlmeyer of the University staff, who is also state supervisor of the emlergency farm labor program. Interested person^ are urged to 'register with their respective county agents
immediately.
The pay range will be from 60 to 70 cents per hour for a nine to ten hour day. The work, due to begin about the last week of July, will last from ten days to more than two weeks. No corn detasseler will be out any money for transporta-
tion.
To Provide Food, Lodging Food and lodging will be provided at a cost not exceeding $1.60 per day. Special camps will be provided in certain areas and supervised by the Purdue Agricultural Extension Service. Workers will not need to provide any food I’ation coupons, and the hybrid seed corn companies will carry compensation insurance on all recruits after they reach the camp. Workers will be placed in communities in Tippecanoe, Benton and Newton counties. The minimum physical requirements for workers, Kohlmeyer said, are five feet, three inches in height and 115 to 120 pounds in weight. Boys 15 to 18 years of age and others doing comparable work are to receive 60 cents an hour on week days and 60 cents an hour on Sundays, if they choose to work then. Adults Get 50 Cents Per Hour Adult workers, doing the equivalent of a man’s work, are eligible to receive 60 cents an hour on week days and 70 cents on Sundays. Necessary clothing includes two or three pair^ of work shoes, widebrim straw hat, sun glasses, towels and soap. Further infolmiation may be obtained from any Indiana County agricultural agent.
V
Prof. Emrick . . . dii’ector of the University band, is the new president of the Lafayette Rotary Club. Professor Emrick assumed his duties last Tuesday when he spoke on the club’s history. First Period ... of the girls’ community swimming classes ends July 10th. A second period will start July 13th and continue through August 14.
Thurrfay, futy 8,
Seventy-Five Hem
Barnhart Speak
, Conservation Director Talks About i
Future Of Parks, Wildlife In War At the 15th annual week-long Rural Leadership School a$
the University this week, approximately 76 person^ fieaid Hugh A. Barnhart, Indianapolis, director of the Indiana De-
partment of Conservation, speak Tuesday night. Barnhart revealed that war with its many implications has
slowed up the progress of conservation work in Indiana iii
Inflation Hits River; Wabash May Pass 11-Foot Flood Stage River Rises 4 Feef In Past 24 Hours Heavy rainfall in the past 48 hours in the Logansport section is expected to cause a several foot rise in the Wabash River here, although no serious overflow is expected according to the information received by Paul Lehman, weather observer at the University, from J. H. Armington, state weather observer at Indianapolis. Armington predicted that the Wabash might possibly exceed the so-called “flood stage” of 11 feet, and Lehman reported that in the 24 hours from 7 o’clock Tuesday morning until 7 o’clock yesterday morning, the river had risen here from 4.3 feet to 9.4 feet. Rainfall Above Normal Official figures of the rainfall here for the first six months of the year, as released by Lehman, reveal that there have been 6.69 inches more than normal. The total figure is 24.89 inches of rain. All of the surplus is accounted for by the torrential rains of May and Juqe. The rainfall through April was 3.82 inches below normal, but in May the local rainfall was 8.70 inches above normal and in June, 2.31 inches above normal. The monthly weather summary shows that the total rainfall for June was 6.07 inches. This is practically double the normal average of 3.76 inches. June 24 Hottest Day June 24, with a temperature of 94 degrees, was the hottest day of the month. The coldest day came just six days later, on June 30, when the thermometer registered 46 degrees. The most rain of the month fell on June 21, when 1.46 inches of preciptation were recorded between 3:35 and 6:30 p. m.
practically all divisions. It was said that the attendance at the state parks so this year has been only aboai one-third of what it was l^t year, but the parks will be kept open as long as there is any money to operate them. The game and fish program bad not been curtailed to datei/l^t -a gradual falling off in income has been due to the fact that ple are buying hunting and fisbm^ licenses. This may make it necessary to cut down on the raising of fish and game within the next year. T. R. Johnson Speaks In a session on “What Bocat Leaders Can Do About Morale’7 T. R. Johnston, director of iirformation for the University, said “Tbe" morale of America is good. AU want and need are the facts abo^t how the war is going. Given tfi^ facts, real Americans will need fio propaganda to keep their morale high. One of the principal aoarC^ of strength of the nation, giVing^ it superiority over other countries of the world, is the fact our people are well informed on the day to day developments.” Dr. Butz, agricultural economist, pointed out that Indiana farm reel estate prices have increased near]^ 40 per cent since the war began in 1939. He predicted a continued increase in |arm land’ prices until some morftlS after »the war. Family Life Discussion Beginning this morning at 10, Dr. Butz will give another of a series of lessons in Agricultural HalL This afternoon at 2:30 a discussion of family life will be condin^ed with the following participating t Carl Barnett, Mrs. Paul Flinn, fe. Ida B. Kelley, Judge W. L. Parkinson, Calvin Perdue, Rev. G. P. Powers and Mrs. Juliet Snyder. The Rural Leadership conference will end Friday noon. During tlld morning various classes will bebetd in Agricultural Hall where the young people will learn something on insects and where another seribs of lectures will be given by Dh Butz.
Where's The C, E. Building? . . .
Library Staff Lends Helping Hand To Assignment Wearied Students
By Katy Howes “Why don’t Indians have beards?” How is cow hair used in materials?” “What’s the latitude and longitude of the Civil Engineering Building?” Where can I find a picture of Little Lord Fauntleroy ? ” Answering countless numbers of questions just as obscure as these examples is all in a day’s work for the University Library staff members who serve at the reference desk on the second floor of the library from 8 a. m. to 10 p. m. every day. Assignments, Curiousity Cause Class assignments, term papers and special reports are the cause for many students seeking information at the reference desk although frequently just personal curiousity is the leason behind many of the questions. Faculty and other persons connected with the University also use the resources of the reference desk, and occasionally even townspeople and men from local industries such as the Aluminum Co. who are working on special research problems request aid. Use No Set Routine Since the questions are so varied, the staff members do not use any set routine in their search for an answer. Because many of the ques-
tions are so vaguely worded, one of the first things they do generally is to question the questioner in an attempt to find out more exactly just what he does want to know. Often, the staff members have only the barest amount of information to go by when they start their search, as, for instance, the phone call from a woman who wanted to know the cost of a governmentally published “textbook” which she had seen in Chicago and which referred to mathematics for pilot training. It took two hours to find out that the booklet cost ten cents. One of the few impossible questions was “How many acres of cemeteries are there in the United States?” Keep List Of Questions Since last December, a list of all the questions asked and the sources where the answers weie located has been kept, and from this list a special file.has been built up of some of the more difficult questions which are apt to recur such as the exact source of titles like “For Whom the Bells Toll” and the wording of the Athenian oath swoin to by Athenian boys when they became of age. Staff’ members also have their fond memories of particularly unusual requests. One man wrote in asking for all the information the’
library had on Sun Valley, Idaho. From this information he wrote*a poem which he sent back to the library asking that they send it on to the govei’nor of Idaho. Help Campus Activities Campus activities are frequently helped out. The Union once as^qd for a picture of a cornucopia to he used as a model in making a batikdrop for a dance, and one WBAA announcer wanted to know the a*h thor of the poem “I’m Nobody. Who Are You? Are You Nobody,'Too And we hope it wasn’t a nqwly;^ elected Debris editor who wanted to know how to edit a college y^htbook. Wartime has brought its own special crop of questions. Some students seeking to enter one «E reserves have desired infortRStioh about naturalization, and the questions about the WAACS WAVES are frequent. Other have wanted to know how to store » car, and one woman frantieiUj’' tried to find out how to destroy moles which were burrowing andier her Victory Garden. In spite of all the numbqr oj| odd questions, however, the ono tioii which has recurred most oltWl throughout the years is row some ink, please?”ifi s
V
Imge 2
Purdue Exponent
Thursday, July 8, 1943
Purdtie Exponent
Offices Edifenai and Business |*urdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sfforfs, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Ediforial Phone After 10 p m , 5377
^Onorau’ Editor BOnorarj' Editor noitorai? Basincss Manatter With the Colors
WiUiani G Hoskins Dale E Butz Gerhard H Klouman
t aitbr diUneas Manager Erewa Editor MMiatUig Editor ^ertSAg Manager Rporta Edrtor CMd Editor
Robert W Boswlnklc Mary Dilts Saiiy Beail Donaid E Brewer A Jane Keim Joseph S Dawson Jean Lauer
Publication Staff Editoriai Staff Aftoeiate Editors H B Abbott C C Martindcll E F Mur phy, W H Tyson W L Vermilion C T Wilbur Coed Staff Ruth bord Madeljn Grotnes Katherine Howes Sports Staff E M Lipes R T Smith C E Sowards
Business Staff Aasbtant Advertising Manager C L Gaunt t^oM J)ireetor T B Tabb Circulation Manager R G Sauerman
Editor in Chief
The Purdue Independent
Staff For This Issue Night Editor Martindell Issue Editor Ward Day Editor Howes Sports Editors Lipes Smith Reporters Woerner SwerdlotT Hablas StefTcs Baynes
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafay btte Indiana under the act of Congress of March 3 1879 kn*d at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103 act of Oefober 3 191 authorized January 20 1922 Published on Tuesdat Thursday hnd Saturday mornings dur mg the vear except certain vac ition peril ds Delivered daily by tamer Tor Jl 25 for a semester by mail for $1 60 for a semester Subscriptions may be ol tamed at the Exponent office or at the West Desk of the Union Represented for i ational advertising by National Advertis ing Service Inc College Publishers Representatives 420 Madison Ave New York N Y
Advertising Field ’ |, Open To Women With women entering more of the profesBiona! fields, adveitising is opening wider its doors of opportunity to college women with expeiience m this field Women have formerly been employed in advertising, but recently the scope of oppoitunities has been broadened It has been piedicted that women in such fields will not only occupy positions formerly held by men for the duration, but will letain their status aftei the war At piesent, women are employed as sales repiesentatives, lay-out directors and supervisors of advertising correspondence Experience is one of the pai amount requirements foi such positions While in college, work on a college newspaper offers an excellent opportunity to gam sudh expeiience as the advertising staffs operate on much the same basis as the larger newspapei s College gii Is ai e now taking ovei the work once done by the men who are now in the services For any girl interested in business as well as advertising, ‘^uch work while in college will bp pf advantage when applying for a position Employers recognize the value of any type of business experience the Exponent is in need of workers for the m^vertismg staff and will hold a callout Tuesday at 4 p. m. m the office in the sub-basement of the Union Building. Training and instructions will be given in both sales and lay-out work—a.j.k. War Hits Student Publications . . . With the announcement on today’s fiont page that the Exponent is planning on i mining a service rapn’s page and is also seeking editorial and business workers, comes the thought that the Exponent, as well as many sister publications on the campus, is pulling a steep grade Accustomed m ordinary times to smoothiiding, the school paper, year-book and magazines have been hit from all sides The Publications Committee has done practically ever} - thing in its power to aid these organizations Yet the piesent war-time conditions have caused two to cease publication Scriveners magazine, a small issue appearing several times a semester, which teatuied the campus literary talent, closed down quite a while ago Laigely responsible for the foldup was the lack of student interest The Puidue Agriculturist ceased functioning lor the duration because practically all ot its staff members were called to the army or navy Subscriptions will be continued alter after the wai where they were left off last month Bob Goidon, Pharmacist editor, hopes to continue publishing cveiy two months throughout the war Breaking about even in the profit-and loss ledger, the Pharmacist publishers send a free issue to every state druggist besides the usual exchange channels Thej lely mainly on local, state and national adveitising to cover expenses Although the Puidue Engineer showed a piolit ol appioximately $450 from January 1 to April 1 this year, W S Fletemeyer, assistant auditor of student organizations, has rec ommended to Jack Kimbrell, editor, that it diHContiiiue for the duration The Engineer
qiie msMiilh yBiiiY-Qo-m By DREW REARSON^ i ,i U. S. Capital's Split- With Labor Widens As In France; Brazil Holds GasS’Less Automobile Race WASHINGTON—Worst Ions’ range pioblcm worrying Administration leaders during the hectic closing days of Congress was the ever widening gap between factions of the Ameiican people similar to that which preceded the Fall of Fiance In Fiance a labor government had its own way to such extent under Blum that public reaction veered in the opposite direction labor was in the public dog house and reactionaries were in the saddle Labor became bitter, sulky uncooperative while big French business had its sway Neither side wouia cooperate Both hated each other So Fiance fell Today, in the USA public reaction against labor hit the full swing of the pendulum with the anti strike bill Labor had enjoyed the largest degree of power under Roosevelt ever achieved by American unions in their entire history Now, as in France, labor is m the national dog house Whether it remains there is the big question, also whether labor becomes sulky bitter and uncoopera tive as in Fiance Upon the ability of both sides to cooperate to see the other side’s viewpoint is going to depend a great many things in this country not only winning the war but the kind of government we have after the war is over War Profits The War Production Board has gist made a study ot certain war industries the result of which is not going to help labor s mood The WPB shows the profits of an plane comp inies fiom war contracts which even after deducting taxes rie enormous These profit figures are based upon invested crpitil For instance ISiorth American Aviation which suf fered a strike and seizure of its California operation by the Government made 51 06 per cent profit in 1941 aftei paying taxes Before paying taxes its profits VIere 134 54 per cent North Ameiican s 1910 profits wcie even higher—57 33 per cent after deducting taxes Consolidated Aircraft another big company, made the gigantic profit of 94 pei cent in 1941 after paying taves Boeing which turns out bombers made 25 per cent Curtiss Wright 41 9 pei cent and Douglas 51 per cent All these weie after paying taxes Consoli dated incidentally made 309 pei cent before paying taxes Bell All Cl aft which is building a big bomber plant in Georgia made 36 per cent in 1941 Sperry Gyro scope 37 9 per cent Ryan Acionrutical 38 per cent Wright Aeionautics which the liuman Committee charged with manufacturing faulty engines despite -,oveinment inspectors opposition made the juicy profit of 45 7 per cent in 1941 and 250 per cent before deducting taxes These lush war profits taken together with Con gressional adoption of the Ruinl tax plus Congies sional veto of the $25 000 salary ceiling plus cur lent talk of a sales tax is not going to help lessen the rift between capital and labor already increased by the coal mine anti strike bill contioveiies NOTE Labor leaders didnt’ announce it but on the day after Congiess overiode the anti strike veto they launched plans to have every worker in the country register so is to be rblc to vote in 1941 Ambassador Davies Ambassador Joe Davies whose film ‘ Mission to Moscow has done a great service lor better under standing of Russia has been subject to a lot of twit ting from his socialite pals Ihe other day i group ol them attended a private showing of the Davies film At the start ol the pictiiie Joe Davies himself looking very dignified comes on the screen and explains why he sponsored the film namely because of the importance ot understanding Russia Among other things he says ‘ I im not a Communist I am a Capitalist ” ‘ When I knew him whispered Sir Willmott Lewis of the London Times loudly he was a lobbyist ’ ’ Gass-Less Ayf-o Race An rutomobile race was staged in Brazil recently which should interest gas less Americans Thirty two cars took part and not one of them used a drop of gasoline Laclr car was equipped with a charcoal buining apparatus known as gasogenc , pioducing a chai coal gas whoso combustion takes the place ot the combustion of gasoline in the oidinary automobile engine these devices have been so successful in Brazil that they aie being produced at the rate ot forty a day selling for about $200 each Some of the units are capable of geneiating a thous rnd horsepower and are used even on the inter city busses between Santos and Sao Paulo Brazil has practically no petroleum lesouices ol her own (Copyright 1910 by United I eatuie Syndicate Inc) also iLiiifi on national ads, gtfrnrng little fiom the small percentage ot Puidue engineers who subscribe Yearbook workers expect the Debris to break even this year, with very little, if any profit exir^jcted Staff depletion by service call has brought seniors, who tormerly held junior editor positrons, out to help put the book out b) its deadline On the other hand, sales of the Debris are progressing very slowly, according to Editor Wiske Lack of Purdue spirit IS evident as some seniors who will have their pictures in the book have said they are not interested In general the futuie for most of the publications isn’t so rosy In fact most ol the activities can be expected to lock their doois for the duration unless complete female recruits are relied upon For the Exponent, things aie a little better As a necessaiy organ ol the Umveisity, the papei, once a rushing campus daily, will al ways continue, ev en it published only once a week The touith estate will never die V, e hope —d e h
GRIN AND BEAR IT
—I u I' j -r Just Looking Around
By Jack Abbett , ,
I The attacks against the Axis nations are gradually reaching the explosion pomt, and it is just a matter of time until hither the final United Nations’ attack is launched or the Axis nations will start a last offensive in an attempt to form a very strong front line of defense until they have brought the conquered people under complete domination This dominatiW might be
reached peacefully or it might
be the death on a scale never before seen of any group of people who would cause even passive resistance. Hitler and his yellow and big chinned
“I distinctly remember you standing over a cold raditor last winter, saying you could scarcely wait to get out under a broiling sun and work m your Victory garden ”
extend beyond 10 30 p m 2 Between Sam and 8 30 p ip fiateinities may cany out legu lai lushing but lushees must be letuined to then looms by 8 30 p m 4 There shall be a contact pe nod each evening from 8 30 p m to 10 30 p m m the rushee’s loom Dunng that time no fraternity shall be allowed more than 10 mm utes with the lushee after another fiateinity has knocked This is the only type of communication allowed with a lushee dunng this period 4 Bidding shall take place dur ing Friday evening, July 9th No lushee may be bid before that time Bidding shall start at 7 30 p m and extend through the regular contact period from 8 30 to 10 30 p m A rushee may accept a pledge at any time dunng that period 5 The acceptance of a pocket pledge by^an rushee is a violation of the rushing rules penalizing both the rushee and the fra ter nity in question If the violation is discovered the offending rushee may not pledge any house dunng the first term and the offending house may never pledge the offend ing rushee 6 Except wherein the regular Inteifrateimty Council rushing rules differ from these rules, the former shall be considered as bind ing—Cornell Daily Sun Placemenf- Notes For Women The WAAC is now selecting off! cei candidates fiom civilian status Qualifications include age from 21 to 50, a minimum alterness test scoie and at least four years of experience beyond the high school level in study, woik, social or civic fields College woik may be substituted foi the years of experience Applications”should be filed thiough the local reciuiting office in the Post Office Further information may be obtained thiough Placement Seivice foi Women (2955) In step with the wai time tempo of the day Westminstei college co eds aie using black out” letteis in then peisonal coiiespondence with soldiei boy fi lends—maybe the sol dieis can spot the lettei a long way off
Personnel Notes Companies scheduled to visit the
campus
Aluminum Combany of America July 7 and 8 Interested in Ch E ,
friends are now in the position of Met E, ME EE Sign in Personthe prisoner before the execution Office before 4 P M Tuesday, block and if any escape is going to ® be planned it must be planned at Liaster-Kauffmann Aircraft once no matter what the stakes or Corp St Louis, Mo —July 12 Inthe suffeimg that it will bung on terested m Ae E, ME, CE Sign the peoples concerned in Personnel Office before 12 M ^ Saturday, July 10 President Roosevelt thought that ^*>6 Glenn L Martin Company, he had the Congress behind him Baltimore, Md-Date to be an-
when the last election was over and
his first big pieces of legislation had ® ^ ® f ’
passed successfully through both f ^ ®
houses It nov seems that this was 4PM Friday, Ju v 2
a very excellent example of snap
judgment, for Congress is finally The following companies are not finding out that it does not need the scheduled to vjsit the campus, howPres.dent to run its business as has ever they are interested in students
been the piactice since 1933 The employment
question is just how far Congiess Atlantic kenning Cpmpany, Phil IS going to go in the use of its new adelphia Pa Intel ested in Chem found powei If this matter of buck ists and Chemical Engineers Sign mg the Piesident goes too fai we m Peisoniiel Office before Fiiday,
are very liable to find that we have July 9
FRAILRNITIES STORE VALUABLES Fiateinities at Michigan may store then private collections of pictures nianusciipts periodicals and books at the Michigan Histoii cal Collections foi the duration of the wai accoidmg to th Michigan Daily
INDIANA SlUDENTS GIVEN PICNIC A picnic foi all Umveisity stu dents IS being planned by the Col legiate Chambei of Commeice Eii day evening at the Cascades Caiol Jean Mai tin semoi social chair man announced The menu will consist of tendei lorn sandwiches baked beans, potito salad cokes and icc cieam — Indiana Daily Student
level ted to the old Wilson Congress feud of the last pait of Woild Wai I Congiess has had its fun and has shown Fianklin Rosevelt that it has the powei and will to stop him and that democracy has not gone in masse to the Chief Executive s dooi, but now IS the time to stop and re member that theie is still a wai on and that politics is not the important thing at this moment —X X— Russia claims to have stopped the long awaited Geiman diive cold and to have inflicted exceedingly heavy losses upon the Nazis But still the Russians refuse to start a giant countei offensive and legain all the lost giound that the Geimans have held for so long A possible explanation to the couise of Russian action might be that they have en teied the Anglo American geneial plan of action and aie going to stait then countei offensive when we stait ouis but anothei explanation might be that the Russians have lost so much in opposing the Geimans that they can only adequately take care of stopping a Geiman offen sive What evei the explanation foi the Russian refusal to stait an of fensive it is too early to jump to any quick conclusions f6i the Rus sians are still way out in front when it comes to the amount put into this wai against the Geimans
Shell Oil Company Interested m M E only Sign m the Peisonncl Office before Eiiday July 9 Metallui gical Research Laboratorj. Republic Steel Coiporation, Canton Ohio—Intel ested in Chem ists Ch E Sign in the Pei sonnel Office by Wednesday July 14 E I Dupont De Nemours & Company, Parlin, N J —Intel ested in Engineeis Sign in Personnel Office
by Wednesday, July 14
Machine Gun Plant, Saginaw Steering Gear Division Gencial Motors Corporation, Detioit, Michi gan—Intel ested in ME EE, P S E Sign in Pei sonnel Office by
Wednesday July 14
Infoiniation can be obtain at the Pei sonnel Office legaidmg employ ment opportunities in the Indiana State Service foi Powei House Engineei Plant Maintenance Lngineci Intel view er Bacteiiologist Welfare Visitoi
WOMEN HAVE MEATLESS TUFSDAYS Women’s doimitoiies at Michi gan State have begjrn the obseiva tion of meatless Tuesdays Included in one Tuesday’s menu will be baked beans, spinach and egg tomato and cottage cheese salad and Boston blown biead Chicken has been paiticulaily h lid to get and last Sunday maiked the first time in thieo months that it has been served in women s doi mitoiies The college dairy con tributes a Wige supply of cottage cheese milk and ice cieam at least once a week Women miy take picnic baskets fiom the doim this week end as they did on Memoiial day if they request it—Michigan State News
CORNEI L’S INIERIRA lERNITY RUSHING RULES The following lules have been issued by the Cornell Inteltiatei mty Council as those governing lieshman rushing duiing the pe nod June 30th thiough July 9th 1 Rushing shall not begin in the moiiiing until 8 a m and shall not
Eoi the first time m the history of Colby Jumoi college (N H ) stu dents aie being enioiled in musing and pie flight—Oh Yes'
MARS
THE CUTIES GO CATTY ..
NOW SHOWING
Starring PATO’eRIEN RANDOLPH SCOTT with ANNE SHIRLEY EDDIE ALBERT^
LUMA
TODAY - FRI.-SAT.
kim tm mmti
of OH
with Don "Red” BARRY lytin MERRICK Einin«tt lYNN Republic PIctura
PLUS-SECOND HIT REY SCOTTS "KUKAN" THE BATTLE CRY OF CHINA IN FULL NATURAL COLOR
OINNIS lOUISE O’KEEFE ALLBRITTON W III MARY BETH HUGHES J (ARROL KAISH LOUISE BEAVERS SAMUEL S HINDI
#-
"HELD OVER" MOVED FROM MARS TO LAFAYETTE FOR BALAKICE OF WEEK A MUST SEE PICTURE
THUR..FR..
SIGhT5‘ to fill your Byes SON6»?.to fiK your //carr/
BEHY GRABLE
GEO. MONTGOMERY ?^^CESAR ROMERO OwHiatP
CMNICOLOI
f) T
; Y >f
n urskay, jiilj % Ms
Purdue Exponent
)*> Pa
'AU.-CAMPUS GOLF' SCORES buE BY SAtliiibAY
y * INTE^iRAtERWtlhr G^lli EXTENDED THROUGH j6ly 10
Frdtemiiies Fail To Answer / r Intramural Questionnaire
Huffman Shifts County Agents Three transfers in the per'sonnel of Indiana county agricultural agents were announced yestei’day by L. E. Hoffman, associate direc-
By Jack Sipel Several weeks ago the Intramural department sent to each of tl^e fraternities being taken over by the army or the navy, a questionnaire concerning their^interest in continuing to participate in the intramural program for the remainder of the summer. To date, four replies to this questionnaire have been
received!
What’s wrong with the fraternities on this campus? Just because they have lost somq of — — their men to the armed serv- way of sports, the sooner they can ices is no reason for them to get the program under way.
give up their intramural competition. Other houses have been just as hard hit as your particular house, and their team probably won’t be any better than
yours.
Where Are The Answers ' Of primaly impoi lance is the ncgligancc of the houses to report their decision as to whether or not
they wish to be included in the in- University Agricultural
tramural program. Chief Clevett’s office is tiying haid to arrange a suitable schedule for all of the groups that are interested in a sports progiam, and they are trying to get that program under way. You can bet that just as soon as they announced the drawings for one paiticular activity, a few groups would come rushing in to find out why they were omitted
from the list.
In. addition to a softball program there are several other activities remaining on the summer schedule. They include: horseshoe doubles, badminton doubles, aichery, swimming, outdoor track, table tennis, and mass horseshoes.
Let’s Get Going
Come on fellows, coi ner your athletic manager and find out whether he has sent in your house’s decision as to what they want in the way of an intiamural program. The sooner that the Intramural depai'tment knows what you want in the
ici'
Extension Service and state county
agent leader.
R. C. Stangland, for several years county agent in Howard county, was transferred to a similar position in Elkhart county. E. A. Johnson, county agent in Cass cg^mty, was transferred to Howard county. Wayne Meyers, assistant county agent in Allen county, was named county agricultural agent in
Cass county.
All of the appointments went into effect yesterday, Hoffman said. Two packs of cigarets for the USO were part of the admission price to the Interfraternity ball at
Lafayette college.
Buy War. Bonds And Stamps
Kinnick' field house will be the name of the hew structure ‘at the U. S. Nuval lAix Statioh at Olathe, Kansas- Captain Dixie Kiefer, commanding officer of the station, said that the I naming of'the field house for Ensign Kinnick would be in tribute to the memory of the Hawkeye all-American who was lost June 2 when his jilanb crashed at sea. Pictures To Be In. Lobby ' Two large framed pifctures of Kinnick' will be .placed ih the* lobby of the field House, Captain Kiefer said. <One will be -an action picture of the former star fading back to pass and the other will be a closeup head photograph. In other section of the lobby will appear a summary of Kinnick’s major achievements, including the He is man. Camp, and Maxwell awards ais the player of 1939 and his ranking as the nation’s No. 1 athlete. "A Notice The Inter-fraternity Golf tournament has been extended through July 10. It is the duty of the athletic manager to get his men out before this time. Each fraternity to play at least 4 men against players of another fraternity. The fraternities with the two lowest scores will play for championship. Have your opponent sign your card, and place the greek letters of your house on your card. If you wish this score to be used in the All Campus tournament also, please indicate by writing All Campus at the top of your card. Turn score cards into Starting House immediately after play.
THE SCENE CHANGES
SPREADING THE NEWS TOOK MONTHS
UNTIL THE EXPONENT WAS BORN
NOW YOU CAN GET AT T. THE UP-T-O-THE-MINUTE NEWS OE THE CAMPUS CALL 4005 AND ASK FOR THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Six Intercollegiate
^ ‘'tfc
Sports On Iowa 1943-44 Program
A program of six intercollegiate sports will be carried on by the University of Iowa in 1943-44 and there is no possibility of curtailment because of lack of facilities. Director E. G. Schroeder has an-
nounced.
While much of the field house and the outdoor areas are being used by the navy pre-flight school to condition future fliers, the athletic department has retained all necessary space for the conducting of its spoK.ts program. Facilities Guaranteed o / ' “Such facilities are guaranteed in the contract with the navy department and there is no chance that additional space will be turned over to the navy since that unit now is operating at planned capacity,” Director Schroeder said. Sports which will be continued in 1943-44 are the same as those on the 1942-43 program. They are football, basketball, baseball, swimming, track, and wrestling, according to the Hawkeye spprts head. Planning and timing in some eases, of course, is necessary so that Iowa athletes can practice and play satisfactorily, but Director Schroeder anticipates no difficulty. Space Retained The University has full use of the stadium and the football practice field south of the stadium and has retained the locker room, equipment supply room, and wrestling
space.
Hawkeye athletes use the basketball court for drill in the late afternoons and for the evening games and the baseball diamond is available all spring because the navy does not start its schedule until the Iowa card is completed. Track men can drill indoors and outdoors at specified times and the swimmers work out in the old pool on the east campus but use the field house pool for their meets.
Arrival Of V-12 Trainees Brings New Hardships to PE 12 Classes
Iowa Gridmen To Meet Coach
By Ray Smith
Boilermaker athletic coaches may be happy to see the arrival of the V-12 candidates to bolster their squads, but the male students now enrolled in the PE 12 course are'going to be quite unhappy after next week when they will be placed in the same
classes as the navy and marine cadets.
Since the V-12ers are scheduled to take the course five times
jpQI* PitSt Time week, it will not be long before they will be in much maining one on the practice football
better physical condition than field behind the Fieldhouse. the PE 12ers who meet only Rotate Each Week
three times during the same y®* definite plans for the’ro-
period.
First meeting of Coach E. P. (Slip) Madigan aifii'spme of the young players who will appear on the University of Iowa football squad next fall will occur July 8th at a dinner. Coach Madigan said Tuesday that between 25 and 30 men would receive pepsonal invita-
tions by letter from him.
Summer Practice To Be Outlined Plans for the summer practice, scheduled to begin next Monday, will be outlined. The alfair will give the new Hawkeye coach a chance to start his acquaintance with the players and to have some line on
available material.
Equipment will be issued and physical examinations given Friday and Saturday, the coach declared. He wants to have every man interested in football and physical con-
ditioning out for drill.
Under the new rules of the conference, the squad can drill for four weeks in the summer. Such practice is limited to men actually enrolled in the university and only the fourth week may be devoted to
contact work.
Time of the" Iowa practices has not been decided definitely, but there is a possibility that they will occur between 7 and 9 p. m. in order to avoid late afternoon heat.
tation of these groups have not been decided upon, but tentative
Navy regulations will gov- plans have a rotation occur^ng ern the conduct of the class where each week, and it will require that both regular students and trainees the students observe the bulletin are enrolled, and one of the chief board in order that they will be at requirements is that the class begin the proper place each tinje,, . promptly at the start of the hour. It Those who are scheduled to reis not likely that those coming late port to the obstacle course wiU find to class will be counted present. that they will'be required toi travel More Callisthenics tjje distance over the barriers in a In the past many P.E. 12 athletes shorter time than they have prev?lave griped about the warming iously taken in order that the enup exercises that have always larged groups will get all the exerstarted each class, but as one in- cise required by navy regulations, structor put it “they have not seen More Work On Push-ups anything as yet”. All future classes Just what the exercises that wiU will find just about the same be given in the other groups will amount of time alloted to the warm- consist of has not been made up calisthenics, but (and it is a big known, but it is believed that stubut) they will also find that about dents reporting to these groups be; twice as many exercises will be ginning Monday will not find time given during that same time. lying heavy upon their hands. Since Because of the large size of tpe one of the navy’s chief objectives is classes further divisions will have improvement, it is likely that more to be made in each section. Instead time will be devoted to push-ups of dividing the class into two and pull-ups. In the past there has groups, swimming and obstacle been very little difference in the course, as is now done) all combined records of the pre-tests and the pro-
civilian and navy classes will be di- tests.
vided into four groups in addition The idea of building bigger and to the swimming group. One of better men is fine and will probably these groups will work on the ob- work out all right, providing that Stacie course, one on the intramural the civilian students can survive the
field, one on Stuai’t field, and the re- first few weeks.
Where Haven't I Seen You Before . . .
\
/ The Man Who Came To Dinner' Holds Real Life Form In Alex Woolcott
What, No Uniforms? . . . V-12ers Begin Classes After Induction Week
, By Margaret Baynes
After a week of standing in lines around the Executive, Union, and other strategic buildings on the campus, the 1,250 Navy and Marine V-12 students assigned to the Uni-
hoppers, and bluejeans, will be is-
sued in the near future. To Take Physical Tests
With registration completed, and the first week of classes underway,
versity started class work on regu- trainees are receiving the regu- Patterned After Woolcott
“Haven’t I seen your face before on a bottle of iodine? Or was it in a photo finish? Now don’t tell me where I’ve seen you before. I might
want to go thex’e again.”
Words of greeting like these might be enough to discourage the ordinary reporter, but we knew what to expect and were ready for anything. In fact, the greeting was only a mild sample of Sheridan Whiteside’s biting humor. Whiteside, as you may already know, is “The Man Who Came To Dinner” and the central figure of Rlayshop’s
newest production.
lar schedule yesterday, according to Commander Hugh J. Bartley. Still uniformless, the 800 Navy V-12 and 450 Marine V-12 trainees, who will be rated as apprentice seamen, and privates, respectively, are now being measured for their out-
lar strength and swimming tests administered by Lt. (j.g.) Frank P. Butorac, physical fitness officer, assisted by seven chief specialists. Following will be the assignment to
• The character of Sheridan Whiteside was patterned after the late Alexander Woolcott, who was nationally famous for his knifelike sarcasm. George Sykes, who will portray “The Man” has finally
physical education classes which whipped himself into the
fits. The new bell-bottom trousers, directed by nrembers of the mood required by killing flies and
taking the place of T-shirts, clod-
' New under-arm • Cream Deodorant Stops Perspiration
1. Does not rot dresses or men’s shirts. Does not irritate skm. 2. No waiting to dry. Can be used right after sliaving. 3. Instantly stops perspiration for 1 to 3 days. Prevents odor. 4. A pure, wlute, greaseless, stainless vanishing cream. 5. Awarded Approval Seal of American Institute of Laundering for being harmless tq
University division of physical edu-
cation for men.
The swimming test requires each brawny trainee to leap off a platform elevated five feet above the water level and swim 50 yards, while the strength test includes push-ups, pull-ups, a squat test, and other methods of evaluating physi-
cal abilities.
Lui-ed ‘from their beds each morning following reveille at 5:45, the hollowed eyed trainees enjoy 20 minutes of calisthenics from 6 to 6:20. A hearty breakfast at 6:45 gives the V-12’ers strength to face the intensive specialized academic
schedule by 8.
Becky Pervine
. . . recent graduate of the University, has become engaged to William Stewart of Lafayette. Both Miss Pervine and her finance are associated with the Westinghouse Radio Station, Inc., the former connected with the women’s feature programs and the latter an announcer. An Alpha Chi Omega, Miss Pervine won radio, stage, and isteholarship honors while at the
University, _
stepping on ants and bugs in his
spare time.
Sykes has appeared in many Playshop productions of the past year, and we thought perhaps Exponent readers might be interested in a short sketch of his life before entering the University. It was during his senior year in the first grade that George decided to get away from jt all and go to Africa. Thex’e he made a fortune selling lipstick to Ubangis and worked his way back to the United States as a bum on a tijamp steamer. Steamer Impresses Sykes Life on that steamer made a gi'eat impression on George. The ship was so crowded that once when he scratched his ba,ck, 45 people answered “ah.” They had to sleep with eight in one bed. One night Sykes didn’t hear the turnover signal and got his arm broken. After landing at New York, he got a job on the Aviator’s Gazette. That was a new kind of flypaper. The paper had built up a large following among janitors,—so many people threw it into wastebaskets. That job didn’t last long. By working as a barker in a dog show and bouncer in a golf ball factory, he
earned enough money to come to
the University.
College Life Not Easy ^ Even at college, life for George has not been easy. After the University changed to the speedup schedule, he went to the washrooni once between classes and missed his entire sophomore year. There you have a thumbnail sketch of the star of “The Man Who Came to Dinner”, which will bo staged by Playshop Thursday through Saturday, July 22-24. In the other end of Sykes sarcasm will be Connie McCoid, Carolyn Wood, Bob Richland, Waldo Margulis, Elaine Kail, Betty Gray, and Boh Padorr. Ross Smith is directing the play, and it will be staged by H.
Kenn Carmichael.
WAA Plans Mixed Doubles Tennis
Tournament Anyone who is interested in the annual all-campus mixed double? tennis tournament sponsored by the WAA should be sure and sign up for the event by Wednesday, July 14. This tournament i^ open to any one on the campus and it is not'necessary to have a partner to enter. The tournament committee will assign a partner to those who do pot have one when signing up for the contest. Entrants into, the tournaqient should register at either the Field* house or the Women’s gym before the deadline, and the ’partner’? name should be registered at the same time. Pres. Elliott . . . will speak today at the institute for Administrative Officer of Higher Education being conducted at the University of Chicago, Dr. Elliott will return home tomorrow.4
^IS,, li !l' »
Purdue Exponent
" .'..• ' V . •>' "' ’ ;v-, r^-, ;ii">i%r,.«! '“' •F3L'•'^^J-; Fh'-y^ i' ' ■-''-'V: ' ■'., Thursday, fuly 8, 1^43^
W '«1VH
Hass Receives First Grant
Director G. Stanley AAeikle Explains Purdue Research Studies In Interview
Thing Knots Keeps Firemen Occupied Refresher Course At University Requires Ten Hours Work Each Day
Notices
GB 11, 12 Make-upg! Conditional mnkc-up examination in GB 11 and GE 12 will ba given Saturday afternoon, J.uly 10. Make arrangements in room 202, Golden Shopa, Bring textbook and drawing equipment
^long.
—OWEN
Distinguished Students; Refunds are available in Cashier’s Office. —HOLLINSBEE
By J. R. Brill ' “The Purdue Research Foundation was founded as a nonprofit educational agency utilizing research for the training of graduate students with creative ability,” said Director G. Stanley Meikle in a recent interview. The Foundation was incorporated on December 30, 1930, under the leadership of the late David E. Ross, former president of the Board of Trustees
of the University, J. K. Lilly, chairman of the Board of Directors of Eli Lilly and Company, and Edward C. Elliott, president of the University. It was organized primarily “for the development and utilization of fundamental scientific research work as an educational piocedure in training the student to think clearly, independently, and objectively, and for developing greater interest and sense of responsibility for the
Modelers Will Vie Aircraft In Contest For Prizes Sunday
Park To Give First Concert
Muriel Rahn, Southernaires i Will Give Recital Tuesday
Tying slip knots, square knots, and bowlines in lengths of clothes-
BUSY STARLET IS PIN-UP FAVORITE
solution of problems of society.” Di-
rector Meikle pointed out that the jiromoting of a closer relationship between industi’y and the University was the secondary objective of
the Foundation. Major Objective
He emphasized, however, that the major objective is the development of human values, using fundamental reseaich as the teaching me-
A model ah’plane meet will be held Sunday afternoon, beginning at 1 p. m., it is announced by the Purdue Aeromodelers, sponsors of the meet. It will be an all-afternoon affair and will be open to all models of airplanes. For members of the Aeromodelers Club there is no charge; non-members will pay 60 cent entiy fee. Location of the meet will be announced later. There will be competitive flights for all classes of rubber powered models, class A, B, and C, gas models and hand-launched and towlaunched gliders. The prizes offered
' By Sonia Swerdloff Tuesday the first program of this year’s concert at Columbian Park will be presented. A series of six concerts are scheduled for the summer. , To start the season, Muriel Rahn and the Southernaires will be featured in a joint recital. Both Miss Rahn and the Southernaires have received great
in their respective
acclaim
fields.
Versatile and gifted are the adjectives applied to Muriel Rahn. It was last August that this brilliant, young soprano appealed as solist with the eighty piece symphony oichestia at Grant Park. Not only is the handsome Negro lass a glorious singer but also a finished actress. At the same time that Miss Rahn was thrilling an audience of more than fifteen thousand '^rusic lovers, she was being
chanism. The inevitable result of winner and runner-ups are
subscriptions to various leading
model airplane magazines. Unlimited Number Of Entries Contestants may enter as many
models as they wish, and they may fly their entries all afternoon. However, because only the best three
counted, club officials advise that entries should be limited to two or three models, since obtaining three good time trials for a model takes
the research being carried on by the graduate student is a by-product in the form of new products and processes, which in many instances are
valuable to industry.
Director Meikle was very modest m outlining his various qualifications for his present post. However, he finally told of his association with the development of the first gas-filled lamp and of his work with the “tungar rectifier”, which is a
device for changing alternating considemble time^
current to diiect current.
When he was approached by the University administrators as a prospective director of the Foundation, Director Meikle was a prominent consulting engineer in New York City, and was already widely known for his contiibutions in the
field of science.
In discovering and tiaining the student with potential creative ability in the giaduate field, Diiector Meikle believes that the student who uses fundamental reseaich as a self-teaching method and who is familiar with the “scientific method”, can leadily apply this axiom to any problem of research. Foundation Arranges Funds When the graduate student and
beckoned back to the legitimate theater of Broadway, the great white way of New Yoik City. She was wanted there to assume a featured role in what pioved to be the biggest and most successful hit of the season, “The Pirate”, stalling Alfred Lunt and Lynn Fontaine. It IS a raiity to find an art-
times of any one entry will be jst who can perform so brilliantly
The Aeromodelers Club is for the
benefit of those students who build and are interested in flight models. It is open to all students with an active interest in flying and nonflying model airplanes. Meetings are held on alternate Wednesdays at 7:30 in room 80 of the Union. This also serves as the club workshop and members are entitled to
make use of it at any time.
in such widely divergent fields. Miss Rahn has had a colorful background. Born in Boston and 1 eared in New York and Tuskegee Institute, Alabama, she is a graduate of the Conservatory of the Univeisity of Nebraska. She is a member of the Opera group of the National Orchcstial Association of New York and has been a teacher of music in vaiious Negio schools and colleges. Both here and m Eulope, she has appeared successfully in concert, stage, ladio and screen. Among the gieatest vocal ensembles heaid on the air on concert stage today aie the Southeinaires.
cal activities have not been limited to this field. In their repeitoire are classics and ballads, as well as other types of vocal music. Yeates, Outstanding Tenor Members of the quartet are William Edmonson, bass; Ray Yeates and Lowell Peters, tenors, and Jay Stone Toney, baritone. Spencer Odom is the accompanist and ar-
ranger.
Ray Yeates is considered bne of the foremost Negio lyric tenois in America. At Hampton Institute in Virginia, he studied voice and choral music and participated in every musical activity pioduced. He made his debut in 1928 in “Blackbirds”. Since then he has appeared with the Dixie Jubilee Singers, with Paul Robeson in “John Hemy” and in
“Porgy and Bess”.
Second tenor, Lowell Peters, born in Cleveland, Tennessee, graduated from Knoxville College. After giadiiating, he went to New York where he made his professional debut with
the Hall Johnson Choir.
Jay Stone Toney, baiitone, hails from ^olumbia, Tennessee, wheie
Jane Webb, pretty WLWNBC starlet heard on three Monday - through - Friday programs, is the “Flower’d Favorite” in NBC’s Servicemen’s Pin-Up series, as her recently received corsages prove. Jane has gotten flowers frominenintheSoutn Pacific and the North all in one weekend. She’s heard on “Lone Journey” at 10:45 a. m., “Road to Life” at 11 a. m., and “The Guiding: Ligfht” at 2:30 p. m., EWT.
he was active in choir work. His piofessional caieer began when he
joined the Southcrnaiies.
Spokane, Washington, is the home of bass, William Edmonson. He received his education at Spokane College and the Chicago Musical School. At the age of seven he made his fiist public appeal ance as a boy soprano soloist with the choir of All Saints Cathedral. Since leaching adulthood, he has appe'ared with the Gainer Conceit Company and the
demand. Tickets for the seiies of six conceits are still available at $1.98. Individual tickets, however, will be sold for $1.10. Other programs will feature the NBC Aitists, WLS Circus, Donald Dickson, baritone; Hans Lange Little Symphony, and an outstanding dance band.
Clotilde Sanauinet In fact they have been acclaimed Lafayette Players, a dramatic stock
» MS onp. of thp fovpmosi sinpine’ or-
. . . Director, School Health Education Indiana Tuberculosis Association, will be on the campus Monday July 12th with a display of health education literature that
his research professor have discov- will be of interest to teacheis, corn-
ered a promising problem by preliminary experimentation, the Foundation arranges for liberal funds to be advanced to them for the devolping and expanding of their pi-oject. Many times, when an industrialist is interested in the project, he may provide funds for
munity health leaders, and parents,
as one of the foremost singing organizations in America. These boys, as the name implies, aie true sons of the South, singing the melodies
of their native soil.
Their lepeitoire, howcvei, covers thiee centuiies ot Negio music including African chants, spiiituals.
She will speak at 9 A. M. in Room slave songs and Negio popular 204 in the Women’s Gymnasium, songs. Although they aie famous The public is invited. for the songs of their iace, then vo-
conipany. He has also made seveial motion pictures and been in seveial
musical comedies.
Tickets Still Available To complete the ensemble is accompanist Spencer Odom, a native of Chicago. At the age of five he began to study piano and at thiiteen gave his fiist lecital. Being a composer, as well as an an anger and
accompanist, he has been in great July 1.
carrying it to a logical conclusion. The staff man, the student, and the Foundation may be reimbursed still further in the form of royalties if the project is utilized by the industrialist. The first pre-Foundation Giant was made in 1929 to Dr. Henry B.
Hass of the Chemistry Department, who carried on very successful research in the field of chloiinatlon. Dr. Earl T. McBee, also of the Chemistiy Department, was the first giaduate student to receive a Foundation Fellowship. Director Meikle lemaiked that the leseaich work being caiiied on by the Chemistry Depaitment in nitroparaffins is pioving to be the most outstanding contribution to oiganic chemistiy in the last decade. Under-Graduates Opportunities When asked what oppoitunities the Foundation had for the undergiaduate .student, Diiectoi Meikle cited the valuable, piactical experience the senior Aeronautical Engineeis were receiving is analyzing and testing the Moiiow “Victory Trainer” in piepaiation ioi Federal approval. Many of the achievements of the
Foundation have been due m part to the generosity ot ceitain philanthropists such as the late David E. Ross, J. K, Lilly, Dr. H. N. McCoy, and many others. In concluding the inteiview, Diiector Meikle pointed out that the research earned on by the Foundation is open to all fields, and the Foundation’s woik is limited only by the intellectual capacities of the membeis ot the staff and ol the graduate students.
Notice Convocation featuring Henry Bcotl, pianist-humorist, has been postponed Irom July 10 to July 23. —GUNN.
ROOMS TO RENT?
The Easiest Way To Reach
Purdue Students
IS
A CLASSIFIED AD
in
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Kappa Delta Pi: Pledging services will be Thursday night, July 8, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 807 of the Union. —JOHNSON
Aeromodellers: Miller’s field is not avail-
line attached to railing in front of drc*t?ot ge“t to^Tt
Glider Club: Meeting Wednesday night at 7 in the Union. Everyone please be there.
—SALISBURY
the Union was yesterday’s outdoor are on the door of room so
assignment for students of a fireman instructor’s refresher course in
progress at the University. The five day training period
started last Monday and will train about 60 instructors to teach fire-
-QUINN
Reamer Club: Meeting Monday night, July
7, at 7:30. Be on time.
—BOSWINKLE
Interfraiernity Presidents Council: Mcbt-
. . ,. 1 . 11 ing Thursday, July 8, at 7 p. m.. Room 802, men in their respective plants all union. —laytON
the phases of fire fighting. The men
represent government
plants, munition'and arsenal plants
throughout the country. 10 Hour School Day
Living at the Union, the trainees spend on an average of ten hours a day learning new and improved methods of dealing with conflagra-
All Students: Purdue Christian Fbunda-
Ordnance tlon summer roundup at Thomas’ cabin on
the river Saturday, July 10. Leave from East Union entrance at 1:30. Transportation provided Take swimming suits. If interested, call Rivers, 6767, or Fox, 2091.
' —FOX
Fraternity Affairs Office: FAO elections will be held Thursday afternoon from 4 to
6 p. m. Petitions due Wednesday at 4 p. no I —MORGAN
Gimlet Club: Very important meeting on Thursday, July 8, at 7:30 p. m. at ’Delta
tions that would be disastrous to Upsilon house. Pledging will be discussed.
Everyone be there. —BUTSCH
the work of an ordnance plant. Friday they will return to,their respective plants and teach The fircinen working under them these new
methods.
The instructors have to their
Freshman Engineers: There will be no meeting of GE 1 and GE 2 on Saturday, July 10. Watch Exponent next week for dates of future meetings. —KNAPP
Christian Foundation: Summer roundup IS planned for Saturday. Those wishing to enjoy an afternoon of games and singing
expelience in fire fighting, including everything from knot tying to ladder climbing. Most of the men are rated at officer instructors in
their depaitments.
Government Sponsored Project The couise is under the direction of Chief Harry Rodgers of U. S. Ordnance, Emmett Cox of the Indiana Inspection Bureau and Dr. W. A. Ross of the Office of Education in Washington, D. C. Seveial such schools are held
the Union at 1:16 Saturday, July 10. —NASH
Tau Beta Pi: Important meeting Tuesday, July 13, at 7:16 p. m. Election of new members Please reserve this date. See Exponent foi place of meeting. —YINGST
I Classified Ads
^ ^typewriters: Adding mnemnes, ail makei sold, rented repaired and purchased. Mlraeo-
yearly at the University under the work done. c. J. Ebershoff, 605 Main,
auspices of the government which
Lafayette. Phone 2770.
pays all tuition expenses. The whole ^o“riuggag^"typewrite“lbcrtr^a.!
idea was begun 19 years ago in Illi- Office, 407 Columbia nois, and training periods such as Lost—"Cravanette” trench coat with tan tVlic hovo Loon mnnino- for ooMovnl I'ning. Lost in Union Cafeteria Sunday, tnis nave Oeen itinning loi seveial j3_ ^943 pickey. phono
years in Indiana. There are now 180 2416.
schools in the U. S. for the training Wanted—Purdue students to work Thursof fireniPii and firemen inqtrnetoT<i Saturday evenings as waiters. Exor memen ana niemen instiuciois, penence not necessary. Good pay and short of which the Indiana State Fire hours. Elks club. Apply Frank Lcnihan.
College is an outstanding example.
Jacqueline White, 19, UCLA coed who claims to be a niece of Navy Secietary Frank Knox, has received a $760 weekly screen contract with Mctro-Goldwyn-Maycr studios.
Roy wants roommate immediately, doublo room, twin beds, reasonable. 202 ChaunCcy
Ave. Phone 6088. Ralph Wood.
Lost—-In bowling alley Monday afternoon,, a billfold containing money, C gan book, draft card, etc. Reward for return to West Desk, Union Building. Rev. C. M. Hanna.
TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
University Appoints New County Agents
Three home demonstration agents have been appointed by the University, according to Miss Leila Gaddis, state leadei of homo demonstiation agents. The women are: Mrs. Esther Singer, Joan LeBoeuf, and Elizabeth Moorehouse. They repoited to their icspective counties
WHERE SHALL MEET?
WE
THE BEST PLACE TO
MEET YOUR FRIENDS
IS IN ONE OF THE
LOUNGES
IN THE PURDUE UNION
THE LOUNGES ARE CONVENIENTLY LOCATED AND COOL, SO RELAX AND BE COMFORTABLE WHILE YOU WAIT.
JhsL fiWlduSL TyiMnjfikdL lAnimL
The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Puk
T
> li
I