wmmi
V. %.r ' ’ ■
k-
CHINESE STUDENT Compares Own Festivals With Those Of U. S.
xHiEP cLEvrrr Takes Over PEM 12
Established 1889
Volume 55, No. 70
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, January 14, 1943
Corn Growers* Banquet Closes A3 Conference
Over 2500 Farmers, Homemakers
^ ^ , Register For All Sessions; Record
Walt Disney s Color Epic Fantasia Exceeds Expectations Of Officials
Today s Screen Review Will Show
Music Hall To Use New Sound System In Presenting Film This afternoon University students will be permitted to see Walt Disney’s masterpiece, “Fantasia”, which will be presented on the screen program at 4:20 p. m. following the news and “Colleges at War”, The pi’ogram will begin at 4 and passports will be necessary for admittance due to the specialized nature of “Fantasia”. Special permission and arrangements had to be made in order to show it to
the student body.
This picture will use for the first time the new sound reproduction equipment which has recently b^o^ installed in the
House Of Magic' Thrills Large Crowd With Scientific Demonstrations
Music Hall. J. W. Ditamoi'e, manager of the Mu.sic Hall, has pei’sonally supervised the installation of this new equipment and has arranged for some special sound
effects for the picture.
“Fantasia” is the interpretation, in color, of several great pieces of music by a group of artists. The vaidous themes and notes all have their counterparts in the characters and their movements. The musical intei’pretation is provided by Stokowski and the renowned Phila-
delphia Orchestra.
The program for “Fantasia” includes the “Nutcracker Suite”, the “Sqrcorqr’s Apprentice”, “Rite of Spring,” “Pastoral Symphony”, “Dance of the Hours,” a “Night on Bald Mountain”, and “Ave Maria.” “Colleges at War”, which President Elliott appears, depicts scenes from the college campuses of the country which illustrate the part that the schools and students play in thte defense of our country.
Fourth Navy Diesel Class Graduates Forty-nine officers of the U. S. Navy graduated last week from a special war training course held at the University. The class, the fourth of its kind to graduate from the school, had previously completed an intensive 10 weeks’ course in the theory and operation of diesel en-
gines.
At a dinner held in honor of the graduates Thursday evening in the Union, Prof. C. W. Beese presented the men certificates. Dean A. A. Potter spoke for the University, while Lt. Carl Osborne responded for the officers. Presiding was Lt. Arthur Master of the Naval Training School heie. The class included 23 ensigns, 15 lieutenants junior grade, and 11 lieutenants senior
grade.
Members of the fifth class will complete their training in another five weeks. After short leaves, many of these men will report for duty
Colbert Wins Grand with the fleet on diesel powered
crafts, while others Will be given
additional training.
Sweepstake Honors Arthur L. Colbert, of Wa.shington, Daviess county, won the gi’and sweepstake honor in the 1942 state corn show on a ten ear entry of yellow hybrid corn. His winning sample, of the 814D hybi’id scries, was selected from three fields of corn, all of wdiich averaged over 100 bushels per acre last summer. He is the son of H. L. Colbert, 1930 Indiana Corn King, and together with his father and uncle, runs the Colbert faims in Daviess
county.
All New Students All beginning students of the winter term who have not yet had pictures taken for passports should report Saturday morning, January 16, in room 2 of the Biology Building from 10 to 12 noon. —DEAN OF MEN
Saturday's Hixer Will Feature War Stamp Contest This Saturday night, the Student Union will sponsor its regular mixer in the North and South Ballrooms of the Union. Admission is $1.10, and in addition to the dancing, a contest will bb held to determine which three students possess the war stamp collection of the highest monetary value. Two complimentary tickets to future mixer's w'ill be awarded to the student displaying the stamp book with the largest monetary value. War bonds will not be counted in the contest. The second prize will consist of a comp to one future mixer, and a card entitling the student to five free cokes in the Sweet Shop. Third prize will be a card for five free cokes. • The stamps must be presented at the counting booth on the ballroom floor at some time between the start of the dance at 8:30 and 10 p. m. Dancing to the music of Maury Mahns and Iris band will continue until 11:30. Activities Bureau Will Hold Workers
W. A. Gluesing Presents Show
Sabbagh To Speak
For 4000 People On Electric Control
Tonight At 7:30
Coed Rifle Practice Callout Today
Will Start Monday
WAA riflery starts Monday, January 18, for the new semester. All girls W'ho shot on house or hall teams last semester are eligible to come out now. There will be shooting four nights a week, Monday through Thursday for two weeks. Then class teams composed of the ten best shooters in each class will be cho.sen, and class competition will begin the following week, Februai y 1. After local competition ceases, (he ten sharpest shooters w'ill be .selected to represent the University in intercollegiate telegraphic meets with Various other universities.
Army To Permit ERC Enlistees To Follow Indicated Preferences On Active Duty Chief Of ROTC Section, Fifth Service Command, Informs Prof. Hockema Students enlisted in the Army Enlisted Reserve Corps who have indicated a preference for the Navy or Marine Corps Reserve will be discharged from the Army Reserve for the purpose of enlistment in the Naval Reserve or Marine Corps Reserve before they are called to active duty in any branch of the service, according to official word received by Prof. Frank C. Hockema, assistant to the
imesident.
This clarification was made in a letter from Colonel A. L. Fuller, who is chief of the ROTC section of the Fifth
Activtie.s Bureau will hold a callout for second semester freshmen and all sophomoi’es today at 4 p. m. in the Activities Bureau office, room 356 in the Union. Jim Pecsok, executive, will introduce the junior manager.s, who will explain the opportunities open in the Activities Bureau. The meeting will start promptly at 4 and will not last over ten or twenty minutes to allow .students to leave early for other en-
gagements.
Workers will be able to choose the type of w'ork in w'hich they are most interested. Different staffs are interviewing, eligibility, publicity, office, and projects, 'fhere are now many openings on all staffs for both coeds and eds. No previous experience is required and all freshmen and sophomores interested are welcome to attend the meeting.
By Tom Wendell Last night, about 4000 students and sailors were entertained as well as instructed by William A. Gluesing of the G. E. “House of Magic” show. Gluesing used his clever wit and technical knowledge to much advantage in the presentation of his lecture on scientific magic. Insights were opened into many new fields which proved to be of much interest to the audience. Among the “scientific tricks” performed were the controlling of an electric train by words spoken through a microphone, lighting a bulb by holding it with only bare hands, making I'apidly whirling discs appear to stand still and silly maneuvers by the use of stroboscopic light, making sound visible and light audible, and making invisible objects visible by the use of “invisible” light. Gluesing’s demonstrations proved to the students that the mysteries of science are fully asi interesting and thrilling as the time honored tricks of the stage’s most famous pi’estidigita-
tors.
Sound Transmitted On Light One of the most impressive as well as mystifying moments of the evening was Gluesing’s transmission of sound along a beam of light. A record, set up on one side of the stage, was played into a specially constructed radio set, which was connected to a beam of light. The vibrations indirectly imposed on the beam of light by the record were picked up by an “electric eye” hookup on the other end of the stage and again changed into audible sound by the equipment. Using super-voltage, hooked up through a transformer and an induction coil, and then stepped up in frequency by a Geisler coil, the “scientific fnagician” lighted a common electric light bulb by holding it in his hand, while the ultra-high current passed over his body to light the bulb. Neon tubes were lighted by merely holding them close to the apparatus. A novel effect was cre(See ‘HOUSE OF MAGIC’, page 4)
Prof. E. M. Sabbagh of the School of Electrical Engineering will lecture to the American Institute of Electrical Engineers at 7:30 this evening on the amplidyne method of controlling electrical machinery in industry. The meeting will be held in room 264 of the electrical engineering building. The principal of this system is essentially old, according to Professor Sabbagh, but the industrial applications have been invented in recent years. The amplidyne control system is already considered essential to the efficient management of electrical machinery. It makes possihle precise control of large machinery with an extremely small amount of control power. The emphasis of' Profes.sor Sabbagh’s lecture will be placed on the practical phase of the subject, which will be explained in an understandable fashion to those inteiested in electricity. Ballroom Applications Due Friday Afternoon Organizations planning to use the Union ballrooms for dances during this semester must have their applications for the ballrooms turned in to the Student Union by Friday afternoon, as no late applications will be considered. Dance applicants must submit the name of the organization holding the affair, and the name, address arid phone number of the organization representative., Choice for rooms must also be submitted to the Union offices Friday by those activities who have offices in the Union building. Tau Kappa Alpha . . . forensic honorary, announces the election of the following officers: James Bray, president; Jeanne’ Fountaine, vice president; Dick DeLong, secretary-treasurer; George Zissis, program chairman.
Quackenbush, Barker Trophies Awarded As Farm Leaders Discus War Problems Ceremonies honoring various award winners at the State Corn Growers’ Association banquet last night climaxed the activities of the 41st annual agricultural conference to be held on the University campus. Emphasizing food for victory and means of obtaining maximum production in 1943, the sessions closed after attendance records passed all expectations in exceeding the 2,500 mark.
Corn kings for the past year were crowned at this banquet? the grand sweepstake winner being Kenneth Blackwell of Franklin. Winner in the junior contest, the 4-H club show, was John Isley, of Shelbyville. Runnersup in each of these classes '.were Roy Snoberger and Leo Angei'-
meier. *.
The new fealuz’e of the conference, the farm and home safety conference finished with a banquet at which Ned H. Deal born was the
jobs and to tell the^seniors of their featured speaker. Dearborn gave ar
address entitled “Safety Goes t. War,” in which he emphasized the importance of safety precautions and their contribution to the wai effort in cuLluig down losses due uC
farm accidents,
Bret ions to this W. G. Powers, of General Motois coiporation, gave a talk on “belling Safety” before an absembled group of farmers faculty members and students. Ac- the victory garden leader’s eonfeience, 1942 accomplishments diroiiahout (he state were reviewed bj' \V. B. Ward, University garden
spei-iali.-'t.
Honor Livestock Breeders Hoo.-.'eidom’s outstanding live stock producers weie suitably honored for their achievements at a luncheon of the Indiana livestock bieedei.s’ assccuinon. Top honors were captured iiy Wood and Johnson of Bedtord, ■who operate the farm owned by Jesse Wood. They receive,; two tiopines, the Wiikey trophy, offered for the most outstanding recoid in gold medal livestock projects, and also die VanNatta trophy for the highest scoring bull in Gold Medal Calf Club project. They were also receivers of 22 medals for various achieve-
ments.
The Quackenbush trophy, the Barker trophy, and the Connor trophy were also awarded at this time. Bryan and Millet received the first, A. Richard the second. C. 0. House was the recipient of the third place trophy for the fifth successive
time.
Food And Thrift For War Farm managers devoted their main attention to tax la'vs and wartime financial programs, while agri(See CONFERENCE, page 1)
Prof. Vogler Addresses New Seniors
A series of meetings for August graduates in various engineering schools is being sponsored this week by the University office. The purpose of these meetings is to explain the office’s roll in getting graduates
responsibilities before and after they receive interviews for employ-
ment.
Prof. W. E. Vogler, Director of the University Personnel Service, is in charge of the meetings. He spoke yesterday to chemical and mntalluigical seventh term engineers in room 302 of the chemical and metallurgical engineering
building at 4 p. m.
Fi'iday at four thoio will be t\vo meetings, J^cvenlli tc’'‘n mechanical engine) i'i in room 108 of^lhe ME huildiuD and, at the same time, there be a meeting in the Icliuic room of Stanley Coulter Hall for all first term science senior^. Arrangements will he rainle later for
seniors in other schools.
Union Will Present
Radio Show
Tonight
At 7:30 tonight the Student Union will present their wekly radio program, “Union Open House”, over station WBAA. The program will feature events of interest that are occurring in the Union this week, and Bill Purman, Union activities chairman, will be interviewed. Furman’s interview will concern the coming call-out for second semester sophomores. He will explain the varied duties of Union workers. This radio show has been a weekly feature of the Union for the past four I months. Some speaker of prominence on the campus is interviewed and some of the latest records are played for benefit of the
listeners.
Strip-Teasing Salesman . . .
Powers Gets AAany Laughs
purpose of enlistment in the Naval Reserve or Marine Corps Reserve,
status of plains for.”
The following is the quotation for this memorandum which was enclosed in the letter: “If the enlistee
Service Command Headquarters, in indicated a iireference for the Navy response to a request by Profos.sor when enlisting the Army will disHockema for such information, charge him to the Navy for the purColonel Fuller refers to the Joint pose of enlistment when he withArmy - Navy - Marine Corp.s-Coast draws from college, when he is Guard Gollege Procurement Com- dropped from college, when his mittoe Memoiandnin of January 8, gioup is called to active duty, or 1943, whose subject was: “Dis- when men oii active duty arc ascharge of certain college students signed to his college, whichever is enlisted in the Ai’iny Reserve for the earliest.”
Tilling a supposedly serious meeting ipto a laugh session, W. G. Powers, Executive of the Chevrolet Division of General Motors, spoke to over eight hundred men and women who are atending the annual agricultural conference yesterday alternoon. Powers, who is known as the Billy Sunday of Salesmanship, upon being' introduced startled everybody by asking them to stand up, stretch, and let out a large grunt. Then he asked each person to tuiri around and shako the hand of the lievson liohind tlieni. lie tlicn started to do a striptease by removing his coat, vest and neclatie, and when he saw that some of the women were becoming apprehensive of his actions he assured them that all was right with the woild—and him too. He also gave out with the news that he was born in Indianapolis, one of twelve children, and that accounted
for his queer actions. Launching upon his announced subject, Selling Safety, Powers talked for some time about the way tliat the people listening to him could give added help to the war efi’ovt. Then upon seeing that some of his listeners were getting tired of hearing about safety he started to tell about the hoy with bugs in his bean, who was found painting the grass of his lawn yellow. Upon asking what all the excitement was about the tipsy kid stated that his relations thought him crazy and had taken most of his money away from him, but since ho (Powers) had shown that he could he trusted the grass painter would show where the money was hidden. There was a sciiou.s side to the talk, however, and Powers explained to his audience that it was their duty to go back to the farm and tell afi their neighbors about
the ways that they could bring safety factors to the farms and thus save many hours of labor. He showed that there were enough man hours lost in 1941 by deaths and injuries to build ten battleships, fifty bombers and fifty thousand
light tanks.
Such accidents were referred to by Powers as a high form of sabotage, and one-fourth of all the accidents happen on the farm. His two points on how to aid the war effort were: 1. The individual can contribute the most to the war effort if he will do his job better than ever byefore, and 2. Don’t wo’'iy ami don’t get the jitters. Powers’ Cl ecfl i'- . don i lc.i Fw boys down To li\cn un olho' -.ooniingly dull moments Powei'- shipoo i the rope and continued to talk at the same time. He got his ability to do the rope work from being a working partner of Jim Corbett.
Clinton Hanna, EE '22, Earns Highest Individual Production Award In Nation WPB Committee Presents Citation For Improvement In Army Tanks One of the things that will help America win this war is the ingenious exploitation of creative thinking on thei part of American workers by a special committee from the War Production Board. This committee was set up to encourage the development of new ideas on the part of employees in critical industries. The result of the plans has been an amazing list of inventions that have improved the manufacture and was awarded to Hanna was one of effectiveness of our tanks, eight which the commiUee has planes and guns, and cut the for outstanding acd.icvo- ,. ,. 1 ments m production impi'cn omenta, time Ol production by millions ^he citation wa.s piv,.inted bv PreaOf vital man hours. Ident Roosevelt at a special cere-
Cliiiton R. Hanna, EE ’22, mony.
recently received the highest awaui ill.it llu WPB LoniiiiiUei (an gtie. .1 tiliriun loi in-Ui.'li i.il .uiuennient. The invention which mei'ited (111-- hi pi honor wa-. of such importance in the matuifaclnre ot anm tanks that all information about itfunctions is kept on the militaiy “hush-hush” list. The citation which
Hama ha-, dustingu'.shed himsotf 'or his eahieieinenU m the field of ladio and elrctrenk's even before rhu- honor \\.,s aw.,ided him. Early in tlie development of today's smooth-toned radio, Hanna perfected an exponential horn, a speaker in which the distance of the ■walls (See HANNA, page 4>ipiii
a?. 1?
iJf
m
\4h
p!
Pd^'2
Purdue Exponent
Thursday, January 14, 1943
Purthte Exponent
Offices EditoriSl and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhousc, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m , 5377
Editor Bnsinrss Mannitcr News Editor Manainni; Editor Senior Advertisine HanaRcr Sportii Editor Coed Editor Owed EBHtneos Executive
illiam G Hoskins Gerhard H Klouman Robert W Boswinkle Dale E Butz James t> Petty Joseph S Dawson Sally Beall A Jane Kelm
Publication Staff rditorial S( iff Associate Editors B J Ca\lor J T R ihardson T I Tilton Vi H Tyson W L \ciniil ii M E bn ith C C Martin dell E Murphy Coed Etaff Pnvlli M nn M i tha I eo R ^''s Carolyn Wilbur Elaine Ahrens Sports Staff C Sow-irds T Ackirman D Shrier R Smith
Business Staff
Assistant AdtertiSinir Mattatrer I Til] AdvcrtisinK ManoRcrs J 1 k\on t Ca int J McCullough J Tabh Circnlation Managers W Rorktenwald anl R Kroeplin Accoitnts Manaffcr Mary Dilts
The Purdue Independent
Editor in Chief
Staff For This Issue Night Editor Murphy Sports Editor Shryer Day Editor Wilbur Issue Editor Hahn Reporters Albeit Cini R i i ic Richardson SmoUzer Bommer Stephenson Winslow F r yth
Entered as secoh 1 cli-s matter at the post office in Lnfsj ette Indiana under the act if C n rtsa of Mi rch ^ 18 9 and at the special rate f i os^aye provide 1 for in section n03 Bet of Octjbor 191 authorized January ’0 1920 Published on Tuc da Thui da\ I i lay an I S indav moiningK during the yeai Dehv r d lot ill by cairi r tii $1 foi a semester or $3 00 for tw semester by mill for $2 00 for a semester or -$3 oO for two aoinestei Repreoentid for nation! 1 aheit mg ly Nat onal Advortis ing Service Ine Cillegc P ibli hers UipresiHt itives 420 Madison A\e New York N Y
Class-Cutting Must Go . . .
Ma}. James Morris was advanced fioni the nnl ot Captain to his piesent lank ah Majoi in command of the 45hth Bahic Flying Tiaining Squadion at Shaw Field Majoi Morns has been in the scitict since Soptcmbei 23 1939 and was a biyned to Sh iw Field on Novembei 24, 1941, aftei sening sctciil months it fochiin Field, Maeon Ga
Noe! 0. Kifolien foimci Univei'sitt student will be eommis&ioned as an Aimy flying olhcei in the neat futuie Piioi to joining the Aimy An Foiees last July he was i ground ciewman foi th( 11 Uh Obseiv ition Squadion National Guaid He is stationed at Mooie Field fex and lb a membci ol the Alpha Kappa Ltmbda tia teinitj
Isf'l.f'. Marshall Glazior was icecntlv ashif ned to duty with the Wainci Robin Ainn An Depot at Robins Field Ga Lt Gla zierwa e^mmissioncfi Juno 7 1919
LeRoy Koon^z das'- of 41 IS now an Ayiition ( ulet stationed at Peiiin 1 itld lex He is leeeivmg babie flying tiamn g and v ill be sent to an advanced flying school upon tueeesslul completion of his ti lining at Ptriin Field
Ketinei'ii H. Goslin formei University student was lecently giadu aiLed fiom the Naval An School at Jacksonville I la and has been eommibsioned a second lieutenant in tht U 8 Maiine Coips Ht has been assigned to active duty with the auciaft squadions ol the Mamie Coips at the Jipckaonvillc station
mSUMTOH
TM R q U P. O <
MERRYr GO-ROUND
DREW TEARSON
Army Wants C. E. Wi!son Out Of WPB; Production Exceeds Orstrrbiition Of War Goods
Class-cutting reached an all-time high neai the end of last semestei before the Dean of Men’s office turned the responsibility and i^^d tape over to indn idual insti uctoi s The Dean’s office felt, and rightly so, that cutting was a matter to be -settled between student and instructor They felt that the cutting should be controlled at its source ralbei than by the Dearr of Men, who was most often not familiar with the case at hand This undoubtedly gnes the individual in structor a measure of power o\ci his classes hitherto unattained Indurdual interpretation of this power, and \aiying methods of penalizing will naturally result from this transfer of author it> Whate\ ei the laults of the new system of handling class-cutting, howevei. University officials have every right to believe that absences from class will decrease In its meeting Monday afternoon, the Executue Committee declared that students should regard each class meeting as an important business engagement—and they are determined to see that this view is maintained Moreover, they ha\e resolved to give no rec ommendation for deferment to any student who has cut class excessively, oi who is falling behind in classwoik It has always seemed peculiar to us that we couldn’t skip classes which were being paid for by us and our o\ er-taxed parents But nowwe’ie going to class to tram, indirectly, for eventual induction into the armed forces These classes aren’t business engagements we should keep, but ones we must keep By accepting deferment to stay in school we’ve put ourselves in greater obligation to our coun try than if we had gone dii eclly into the armed forces Going to classes is m the line of duty —w g h
WASHINGTON—The outsidei who doesn (, 1 now the meiiy go lound of Wishington would nevei be lievc the extent to which wiies have been pulled and wheeh within wheels have been turned to get Chailev E Wilson WPB b new pioduction wizaid to go back to the old Genet al Electiic Companv post Whence he ctnie Paiadox is that foi months the Aimy h is contended theie weie no top flight pioduction men on the Wai Pioduction Boaid therefore they must fake ovei ill pioduction Rut now that they have a man who his put new life into the luplane piogiam and is poifoi m ing pioduction miiaeles the Aimy \vants to get him out of Washington Not long ago Lt Gen Biehon Somcitell brought to A\ ashington Da\id Sarnolf, head of the Radio Cor poration of America, made him a colonel and had him <tmey the products winch General Electric is pro ducing for the Army General Flectnc happens to be a competitoi of the Radio Corporation of America, and to most people it seemed strange that Col Sainoff the head ot a strong b competing companv should be dhecking on Geneial Electric Howevei, this was done just the same Col Sarnolf leported that out of 62 piodiicts Gen eral Electric was making toi the Airmy it was be hind on tw o « Mr. Swope Looks Gtum Shoitly theioaltei Chailcs L Wilson one time boss of Geneial Electiic went back home foi a week (till there mot Geiaid Swope foinici GE executive who had come bad Horn letnemcnt to itplact Wilson when Wilson went to Washington Ml Swope wis looking voiy glum He wis woi iicd ovei the w ly things wcie going itul he w is especi illy voiiiod ovci the wiy CljTilcv Wilson wis getting into a low with the Aimy in Washington He ctiongly advised his old tiiend to give up Lho WPB ind come home Swope didn t say so but he ma> have had in mind also the fact that the one big customer ot anj industry these da\s is the United States Government And when loui chief executive goes to Washington and tangles with Gen Somervell the man who bujs moie goods for the Goiernment than uiy one else in the ISA then it is a pioper eaust for worrj Wilson howeiei is a tough fighter AVlien he tackles a thing he doesn t quit Old Jiieiuls ot his in otltei industiies—peihaps inspired bj the Armj — have been urging him to retuin home When he went up lor an executive boaiil meeting ol the National Association of Mamitaeturers thej treated him like a cindeiella But despite all this he is sticking e Wilson's Turbine Miracle Fuilheimoic Wilson has the stioim suppoiL of the White House uid ilso the Nav\ The N ivy w is m st umental in getting him down heic iftei they s iw whit he did in manutactui mg uui bines at i GE pi int 111 Pcnnsvlvinn Tins plant w is tinning out one tui bine a month litci intieised to two then the N ivy wanted him to multiply the pioduction sevei iltold A till bine IS i tiemendouslj eomplicatcd piece ot mi chineiv hithoito ncvci inidc b\ miss pioduction methods Howevci Wilson pcilountd the'nipossiblc and the Ponnsv Ivmia pi int is now in il in even m ne Ih m the Navy believed possible ® Aluminum Unboffled flic eiicouiagin„ airplane figuies announced bv Roosevelt at the opening ot Cotigiess were largely the lesult of Wilson s efforts In September and Oeto her airplane pioduction was disc lui agingly low In November it picked up and in December it zoomed One leason it was low in Septembei and Oetiibei was the bottleneck in ccitain aluminum parts M non the President visited the Douglas Plant in Californi i he saw low upon low ol planes finisl*cd exempt foi ont small part So getting togethci with Fcid Ebcistadt WPB s had hittin^ miteiiils executive M iFon s ud Why c in t we get tlie eoppei boys to loll ilumi nuin Theic ae plenty oi iluramum ingots itsmeie Iv a mattci of lolling them Meanwhile the eoiipei mills can t get enough coppci liom th mines in I w e in keep them busy lollm aluminum The eoppei mills didn t much lil e the idc i bieai e 1 oiling aluminum 1 equi) es moie he iL ind isii t so ood loi then effuipment But M fl'-oii liavin^ Ixen m eo i tact with eoppei peo lie ioi veils 1 new ius w ho n to t ilk to ind witli I lew ling distuice phone eills he did the whole thing so m i\ ivembei ik m nu ii piodielion insteul ot gom,, down v\cnt up md one big bottlenecl toi plan s wi he'ed But just the s line me Ai nij still lelu es to give Wilson full )iowci ind seeietly is tinniviiu to get him out • Army Over-Shoots On another oec ision the Vimy needed a large sup ply of radio eondenseis and proposed building sevei il bi aid new faetories light iwav Has would hue re quiied more steel and a Img dtliy So Wilson s id Give me a little time aid III find the produ (ion tor you Making ladio condensers was right down las alley 'ieais before he had opei tied a Bridgeport ( onn plant ni ikiin similai equi iment S ) in i lew days h» leported to the \imy that he had found the pro duetn n without binldiiig i biugle plant Me u \ bile Sen te nivc tig itoi ae piobing into some klleis exehinged between (icn Sonuivell aid the M PB PI inning Bond m which the WPB wained Someivell last A.pi il Lh it he wis bulking too n ay faetoiies loi tiu Is lulls jeep eiluinec Sonn i veil wi itc b lel pelemiitally lh it he w is not in cl ic(t told the WPB to i and its o \n Inisine s lodiy howcvei Someivell lus o deied t ink juo eiuctioii suddenly emtailed is iioluiiv uii oidninee plant while jeeps Intel s t ml s aie stiown all ovei fields aid i always sidings ol ciitiii t sL eo ist and indu 111 tl uc 1 'Ihe \imv simply shot way ovei (ht mark ihis would have b^eii loif,ivib!e it the steel v hieli went into this uiuipment had not been so vitally needed for shijis to carry the talks and (iiieks ibroad, and to build airpl me<It IS this dividing up ot the wai pio„idui so that the Army does not oveishoot on (inks and the Navy on haftleships which Wilson contends mu t be done by a Civilian agency \nd it is because he is standing so frrinlv by his guns on this point that so many at tempts are being made to get him out ol Washington (Fopyught 1941 In United J t itui e Sjiidieite Inc)
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Just Looking Around By Jack Abbott and Jim Rithaidson
Rommel and his Axis aimy are getting leady foi what the British hope will be the final assault Thw time the Biitish would like to make contact w ith the American lorces in Tunisia and the Fiee French army that is moving up on Tunis and Tripoli fiom the Lake Chad aiea The f'lcnch loiccs aic now less than thiee bundled miles fiom Tiipoh and this self sufficient body of men, with then — —
own air force, is expected to cause the Axis divisions that aie gpaiding the south appioaches to Lybia no end of tiouble The British have reason to wish an immediate victoiy ns eveiv day tbnt they deliy they me giving the Geimans n chance to si oiothen then Tunisinn defenses aid the soufhe n eoist ol F incp Ihe lon^ei fne Meditei lanenn leiunins undei the vvilchlul eye of the Geimnn ui foi cc the loiigcl it will tike to open up i la^c sc lie of ittncl on the I ip i neso in Buim i is the Biitish ae pi inning to send then sunply '-hips thioueh the Mcditcii nnenn vv itei s
Personnel Notes Sciieeiuled t) Visit
Compmiies Campus Neioiica Viicialt Coi penRtioii Middletown Ohio—lanumv 15 In teiested in Apiil MF 'VeioL Sign 111 Pcisonnel Office by 3 00 p m Thuisdiy luiuniv 14 Goody e a liio A Rulibei Com pmv Aki on Olio—Jinuaiy 25 aid 26 Inteuslcd m Apiil ME ChF Cl FI Sign in Peisoniiel Office by 12 00 noon Siluidnv Jan ua\ 2
—and 1 cmembei w hen > ou pi cad dci i umoi ahv ays make them in a w hispc i ' That v\ aj people behov c them bettei
Thii5fscie,y, Jaiiuary
14
8 00 A M
boil Conseiv ition Poisonnel
Room ,()3 Union
9 00 A. M
Ilvbi 1
Sec 1 Fioducci Rite 111°
N B lliooni Union
00 P M
Stae 1
'etvICV
Rliaic Hall
7 00 P M
A I 1
I Rice t n
'’0 mi -of I F Bldg
7 10 P M
rhom IS S i\ Eiiloinologv Soeiely
10 > Ag Hill
b 00 P M
Iiuli 1
i S( c el Pi ol 1 ngi
1 opm 2( I'l ion
Friday, January 15
8 00 A M
Soil Constiv ition Pci sen lel
Roonj 161 Union
Schedule Of Semesters For "43
1 in 1 1 1 )—Reguti ilion 1 iWiiUilcini Tin () Intel tcim eji ses lie in \pi 1 2( —V Intel teim tlisses end A.piil 2b id 27—Rt<3isti ition loi Summoi tcim fpiil 2h Sumniei leim el isses beg n Augiut 11—Summei tei ni tl is'-es end Aug 10 1 (1 1 ai 1 S( pt 1—1 c tl Ui 1 f 1 F 11 tl Sept 2—I 11 toi m tl issi s be in D L 22—1 11 Itim cj IS es (11 I
Aeeoidino to Leilm the No/is ae indisposing themselves toneidei ibl because cuumstiiKe Coat them to am an in Euiope s oecupied counfiics Although they ii ive ■-'d mittod L V uioi tunes that thev take muc 1 k Iheee counti les ]n o diu( foi the Genu 111 a uv they till [iletoi 1 t'l if the oceutlltioi cbm es ni e isn toi these goods they hive t il en bialy p ly them loi then tioubk Aetoidiug to iiifoi n ition mia^kd at ot the e coun lues howevei the ictu il t ise is 1 \ tioin 11 e 1 11 ex mpk Fi nc is th age d 1nail on ('oil ii s N a vv iv one a d i b It millioi BtL um one uid i hill million ind Helhrd one niilhoi Cl-,! t bun he 1 thous aid dol lai s pel d IV In ooch c i-.e ob c i v ei s hive a polled lh il the tie a piolits lingo tiom hum'icd pe cent up Pei hip li (((Hills lnv( h gb ovi 1 be i I
Phillqis I’eti oleum (ompany Biitksvillo Ol hhoni i—Intelested 111 (htinis s Chi Ml I F CE PhysKist who ua\ lx delciicd tiom militiiv sc vit( oi m women with elucitinn ti unin lequiicd S--11 n the Pel sonnet Otliec by 12 00 1100 1 S itui lav I mu ay J3
1 II aid u( obt lined ten txanple bv boldine, i urn ibovc the piiapct so IS to iiaivo i fk sh wound oi ( ell sli c liiu 1 sell I e idti to be -,1V n eitl 1 ive hmit I he tiial b lit ilitr I 1 \ / (k et ei aid mutmetis i on t'u incicisc md by pi II g Ihta I (lit I 111 e me qu a teis tbit tlicii iiumb( 1 will be steppe I up even i i ii
^[eiisAA. tlie ^dikA.
let 1 ecp seaii dm,., toi seic g il b 11 cii ou n 1 ishm^ SK UI D C PI 11 RSON
Hit bully Clime legis eis whth Pussim t 00]) clam to f id cvtiy \ heie they vvi el i Na/i ht i Iqu ii fei s oil the I istcin Fi ont ii die it s lb it N i 1 1 mv list il I ( s I u al in clov n ibi g vv Lh ii i il ihea is ilso m iiuaisii 1 imibo of voluiituv pa f icis foi tl Pus 1 ill to til 11 ' ic all! to omc ot these Ihei t il o 1 i; iii n b 1 of soli'ie w th alle 1 hone do iK t neces u ily e
SHAVE HITLER SAVE AMERICA buu
D u F ! to I the Intel fi i initv ri c Hkn s Council 01 t le I n H IC imcil eie to igiec not to 1 i/t can id s un til flei houis 1 HI 1 TI 1 i n it V Old 1 do i 1 ) (1 u ba ' ivoi Hu 1 i il It tv m w ul 1 sive tim mi in v nitbti of whie) w e 1 v U i i ui' (I new d i '^oa 11 it V (I I'd b igiiL b c i wbeie tl \ I it( 1 1(1 t 11 I ht help to k n il i I i 1 I i V 1 11 n a i L h tl itei 11 t / 111 01(11 1 u II r ( 1 le t \ 1 t i h t
J)c a 1 (ltd A tl iti 01 his ioiwaideci 111 1 c( pv ot ai alitk which ip lea 1 1 he Pm due I poiient o D teiioci 17 19 il It b s been of ltd 1 1 r 1 1 tl 1 a tie le but a VI c xpie e 1 \ e a iiet lh it onlv the I r it \ i 1(0 tl L Jap n se liti nd lit 1 t 1 shown hea I m L a y 01 \ 01 1 ci lh t ihci le iiive 111 till taietive tlem nts
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
(Charles Smith . l-itei. ni Glaser »
MARS
TODAY and TOMORROW, i \ V
0^
(
I f I ! t
'T^Ufsdd^, Jahuf^ 14, 1943 Cteyeff Faifees Oyer PfA'l 12; Course Now Fool-Proof - Ouch!
BoU^rNwti^r Sp,Qfts
By Clint Sowards PEM 12 carries on after three semesters and now into the fourth ffoes the most talked about course on the campus. Beginning this semester the directorship of PEM 12 is under the hands of “Chief” Clevett, head of the intramural department. Formerly this preparedness course was headed by W. L. Prance, who was called into military service at the conclusion of the last term. liVith this new term comes now things in the way of physical development. Gymnastics, boxing and wrestling have been added to the pte^rdm along with swimming which will again fill a part of the entertainment. Gotta 'Gn Now—By 'Gosh PEM 12 at the beghming of its reigm of terror was admittedly the possessor of mimerous “bugs.” After three semesters, these bugs, as all participants are to discover, have been largely worked out; in fact the course as it is set up now is nearly fool-proof. As has been in the past, the entire congregation is divided into thi'ee major groups. One of these groups is to work at gymnastics, another group is to work at either wrestling of boxing, and the third group Jhangs out in the swimming pool. Ufnder the title of gymnastics come exercises on tlie t)aralle! bai's, tumbling, and vaulting, only events that can bo worked in more or less mass groups can be used. In the boxing-wrestling groups, the spoit each man is to take will be generously decided by the PEM 12 departmgnt; that is, the students arc to have no choice in the matter to save time and confusion. The swimmjng irrogram, everyone is to take part in this sport sometime during the semester, will be a continuance of the program as it was last semester. Groups in tumbling, wrestling and boxing will meet on the main gym floor this semester foi' a shoi’t period of waking-up exercises before beginning their classes. At this time attendance will be taken and he who is not in place on his number which is painted on the gym floor is S.O.L. Billiard Tournament Opens February 25 Intercollegiate Billiard Tournament will start February 18 for 14.1 Pockets. Throe cushions will be played February 25, and Straight Rail on March 4. Therefore, entries will begin playing at once to qualify for the five-man team in each style. All universities and college.s competing will play the set Key Shots on the above dates at 7 p. m. and report their results immediately to Cornell University, Ithaca. N. Y., whore Edgar A. Whiting, secretary, will receive them, and m return, distribute them to competing teams.
TAP DANCING CLASS FOR ADVANCED STUDENTS Thurs,, fan. 1/4, 6:00 P. M, BALLET CLASS FOR CO-EDS OPENS Sat., |an. 16, 11:00 A. M. PHONE 2150 AJjLEN’S 6th & Forrj
Boilermaker Mat Men, Befending Champs, Open Against Indiana Coach Reock and his squad of wrestlers traAml to Indiana University for their opening match on January 22. The Riveters are going to meet some of the strongest teams in the nation this season. Michigan State will come to Purdue the following week for the first home match. This will be held in the Fieldhousc on the basketball floor. The probable men making the trip to Bloomington are Klein, Ruggieri, and B. Wegoand in the heavyweight class. In the 176 pound class there will be Eviston and Velmar Davis and in the 165 pound class Davis again will be entered along with Claseman and Pox, In the 166 weight class there are Claseman, Paratore and Stackhouse. Steudel and Armstrong will support Purdue in the 146 pound class. Matovina, a Big 10 champ along with Ruggieri, and Mettesheim are the 136 pounders. Matovina, Platt and Moupsey do their part in the 128 pound class. Coach Reeck stated that the 121 pound class is wide open at the present time, As the Boilermakers are champions of the Big 10, they are out to defend their title. Kaufman Will Lead Fencers In Attack On Chicago Squad Swinging into action for the second time this season, the Riveter fenceis w’ill endeavor to biing their average up to the fifty pei cent mark, w'hen they encounter the Chicago Univeisity fencing team in the Fieldhousc on Saturday afternoon at 1:30. In the opening meet of the sea.son the Boilermaker swordsmen dropped a 19-8 verdict to Notie Dame on December 8. Capt. Aaron Kaufman, w'ho won all three of his epee matches against the Iii^h, wdll again lead the team in this weapon. Tom Thiele, wdiiner of one saber match against Notre Dame, will be the only experienced sabei man. Eiic Schwenker, who .scored twice against Notre Dame m the epee bouts, has failed to i-eturn to school this semester. This jilus the loss of Warren Koerner through graduation has left the team with only one man in the epee division. Pacing the Chicago Maroons on Saturday aJtornoon will be Eied Rosen, Bob Bryant, Lenny Acheson, and Aaron Kaufman in the foil division. .Tom T'hiele, Ray Lai son, and Dave Green will cross sabers with the Chicago ducleis. In the epee bouts Aaion Kaufman, Fred Rosen and Don Schrader wdl represent the Boilermakers. The meet on Satin day afternoon will be conducted by Coach Finney in the feeing room, located on Ihe second floor of the Pieldhouse. The matches aie open to the general public free of charge. A ciowd of 18,931 saw' the NorthV, estern-Illinois basketball game, the hugest over to see a collegiate game in the middle-west.
pjacijilty Bowling LEAGUE STANDING W. L. Civil Engineering . ■ 34 17 Animal Husbandry 34 17 English 31 17 Poilltry . . 33 18 Physics .. . . 32 19 Agr. Chemistry 1 . 32 19 Agr. Extension" . 32 19 Horticulture 31 20 Executive . 31 20 Speech 30 21 Phys. Plant . 30 21 Agr. Engineering 29 22 Naval Training Station 28 23 Electrical Ep.gineering . 28 23 Mechanical Engineering 26 26 Dairy 26 26 Agr. Chemistry 2 25 26 Radio Engineering . 24 27 Agronomy 2 24 27 Recitation 23 28 Forestry . 23 28 Chemistry 2 22 29 Agronomy 1 . 22 29 Agr. Experiment Station 21 30 Chemistry 1 . 21 30 Agr. Chemi.stry 3 19 32 Chemical Engineering 20 31 General Engineering 18 33 General Stores . 17 34 Pharmacy ' 17 34 Biology . 17 34 Army ■ 16 36 High Team Sets—Agr. Extension, 2796; Executive, 2759; Civil Engineeiing, 2755; Agr. Engineering, 2753. High Team Games—Agr. Extension, 1007; Physics, 994; Agiv'^Engineering, 988; E^iRlish, 987. High Individual Sets—Sov^ilers, 592; Lehker, 561; C. P. Allen, 560; J. C. Allen, 559. High Individual Games—E. P. Miller, 232; Wykoff, 223; King, 222; C. P. Allen, 214. High Team Sets to Date—EnglisTi, 2909; Physics, 2869; Executive, 2861; Agr. Extension, 2844. Fligh Team Games to Date— English, 1049; Physics, 1030; General Engineering, 1023; Naval Tr. Station, 1022. High Weekly Individual Sets to Date—Wykoff, 650; E. P. Miller, 642; Knoll, 631; Lehker, 614. . High Weekly Individual Games to Date—H. F. Ow'en, 268; W. L. Clark, 256; Beers, 253; Baynes, 251. Sports Shorts Wisconsin is the only Big Ten team which holds an all-time supremacy over the Ilhni. The Badgers have W'on 30 games to 26 l\v the mini. Closest series has been with Purdue w'hich lags, 31-32. This will not bb changed this,,season as the Boilei makers and Illini do not meet.
The
fjt)£WSL
1'. L ’■'H i
By Joe Dawson
After about a week of just mediocre ball playing. Coach Lambert’s cagers finally came into their own last njght/and "began playing the brand of ball of which they are capable. Their timing, shootirig and particulaily their ball handling was better than it had been even in the Great Lakes game. If they can stay keyed up this way through the Minnesota series this week end, everything will be O. K. . . . however, those Gophers are mighty tough to boat, especially on their floor. ^ Lambert- Sends In Freshman Team For 20 minutes yesterday afternoon a team composed of Friend, Browser, Menke, Ehlers and Lawson pushed a second string outfit completely off the floor. . .. the first five totaling 20 points to’5 for the subs. Lambert then sent in Kennedy foi-Brower and i-eplaced the second stringers with the highly-publicized freshman team of Lodge, Brutus, Barberian, Haag and Ertel. ► Varsity Clicks On Famous Fast Break For another half hour these teams battled it out with the varsity having a decided edge. Time and time again the varsity clicked on their famous fast break. . . . several times players passed up wide open shots and whipped the ball in to men clo'ser to the basket. . . making no difference who scored just as long as the ball, got through the net . . . this kind of team work may make that lonfe- trip home from Minneapolis next Tuesday a mighty pleasant one. ^ Swordsmen Meet Chicago Saturday afternoon at 1:^10 the Boilermaker fencing- team, minus a coach and five varsity men who have either graduated or become ineligible, w'ill tackle the ever potent Chicago team. . . . the Maroons may not be so rugged on the gridiron or the basketball court, but they always pride themselves on their excellent swordsmen. This meet will be held in the fencing room on the third floor of the Fieldhouse and will be, as always, free to the public. ► Kaufman Is Entered In Meet Aaron Kaufman, student coach, who won all three of his matches against Notre Dame about a month ago, w'ill be'entered in the epee division. Tom Thiele, another veteran, should be a strong threat in the saber division. INTRA MURALS
Lambert's Sipad Meets Gopher Five tn Twin With the squad in top physical condition, Coach Latrtbeft and his crew of Boilennakers will leave Friday niomittgr lor the home of the Minnesota Gophers. On Saturday'-evenitig itHe Black and Gold quintet will take on the Minnesota five in the first game of the scheduled double bill. The Riveters will Temain in the Gopher territory for their second engagement with Minnesota on Monday night.
Beers' Pugilists Show Promise In Earlv Drills
Under the capable leadership of
and after a short rest the Boil> ermaker squad will return to
Lafayette on Tuesday. The traveling roster for .the
trip north has not yet -been determined by Mentor Lambert.
Probable candidates for-this
centers, Captain Menke and igu3i Swantz.; forwards, Robert Biddle,
Jim Beers the ancient sport of box- Friend, Bob Morris, .John Keying is being revived over in the ^nd Ralph Brower; -guards. Boilermaker Fieldhouse. Many won- Lawson, Ed Ehlers and Ed dered, after the departure of Joe jongg phis probable list shows-that Benna last year, who would fill the Coach Lambei-t is traveling with a shoes of the departed coach. Beers, comparatively small group otf 12 however, has done an excellent job ballplayers. With such a small in boosting the sports so long bunch. Coach Lambert will depend neglected at this institution, and largely on his starting veteran quiti-
has been awarded with a fine turn-
Any Ward not yet organized and wishing to enter into the “B” basketball tournament must contact the Intramural Office by Thursday noon. Otherwise it will be impossible for you to enter into the tournament, since the schedule is to be made at that time.
The University of Wisconsin’s 20-maii vaisity basketball squad this year aveiages 6 feet 1 inch in height, while the veteran first string lineup, consisting of John Kotz, Bob SuUivan, Ray Patterson, Fred Rehm, and Walt Lautenbach, averages 6 feet 2 inches. Tallest man on the squad is Ed Mills, sophomore center from West Milwaukee, while the “Shoity” of the outfit is Paul Biansoii, senior guard from Shoiewood, Wis.
The following Fraternity “B” basketball games will be played Thursday evening, January 14; Court 1—Jean Whitlock 7:00 Phi Kappa Tau vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 7:15 Sigma Nu vs. Kappa Sigma. 8:10 Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Acacia. 8:25 Theta Chi vs. Beta Theta Pi. Court 2—S. Rndasics 7:00 Phi Kappa Psi vs. Phi Gaflima Delta. 7:15 Sigma Pa vs. Pi Kappa Phi. 8:10 Navy vs. Alpha Tau Omega. 8:25 Delta Chi vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. Court 3—Pilarski 7:00 Theta Tau vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. 7.16 Theta Xi vs. Alpha Sigma Phi. 8:10 Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Phi Kappa.
8:26 Triangle vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. Court 4—'Paul Johnson-Hess 7:00 Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Delta Upsilon. 7:15 Beta Sigma Psi vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. 8:10 Delta Tau Delta vs. Sigma Chi. 8:25 Alpha Chi Rho vs. Kappa Delta Rho.
out.
The prospects, though green, have shown remarkable improvement in their brief workouts. Very few of the new men have had previous experience in the ring. To offset this disadvantage Beers has outlined a complete set of fundamentals for the training and conditioning of the candidates. The loss of R. B. “Gus” Boughan, stellar welterweight who iwas undefeated in match competition last season, is one of the handicaps faced by Beers in rebuilding the squad. Jim wants it to be known, however, that the material is the best in the school’s history, and in another month the boys will be making their opponents extremely
sorry.
tet.
50-50 At Present In the first eight games this season, the Lambertmen have broken even. They boast victories over Wabash, Washington of St. Louis, Butler and Chicago. On the red side of the books, the Rivetei-s lost-to Toledo, Great Lakes, DePaul and Notre Dam'e. Their record in the Big Ten is, of course, spotless because -the tilt with Chicago was their curtain raiser on the conference race. Last season the Gophers took both tilts from the Boilermakers. In the first game, the Minnesota quintet invaded the Fieldhouse and went home with a 46-39 victary a®corded in their books. Toward the latter part of last -season, the -Riveters went north to meet the -Go-
phers and received' a 34-B7 setback.
First opponent on the schedule This season the Black and Gold,quinis Valparaiso. The Riveters will tet will be seeking revenge for last travel to meet the up-staters some- yg^r’s story and will also be seeking time dm-ing the week of February Ten wins number two and threa.
New Mentor
The following Squash practice matches will be played Thursday
evening, Jan. 14:
Court 1
6:45
Pi Kappa Alpha.
7:30
Beta Sigma Psi.
8:15
Beta Theta Pi.
Court 2
6:45
Sigma Phi Epsilon.
7:30
Alpha Gamma Rho.
8:15
Alpha Sigma Phi.
Court 3
6:45
Tau Kappa Epsilon.
7:30
Theta Xi.
8:15
Alpha Chi Rho.
8-13. Tentative meets are also scheduled with Michigan State,
Culver, and St. Joseph.
Men now taking part in the workouts and their weights include Vogelsang, 160; Aeinmeyer, i 167; Clark, 165; Blanks, 190; McMillen, 185; Biehle, 150; Packman, 135; LaBaw, 132; Stele, 165; Owens, 155; Howell, 175; Alexander, 135; Ruff, 146; Spriggs, 135; Pressler, 161; Herron, 170; Nicholas, 175; David-
son, 145, and Wilcox, 165.
The following Cary Hall B basketball games will be played Friday evening, Jan. 15: Court 1—Marks 7:00 Unit 2 vs. Unit 7. 7:15 Unit 3 vs. Unit 6. 8:10 Unit 4 vs. Unit 6.
Navy News Donald W. Hart, Y3c The University Naval Training School marked the end of 1942 and the beginning of 1943 with the usual monthly graduation of one class of trainees and the acceptance of another in the electrical division, and witnessed the second change of command since the school was opened last June. The fourth company to enroll in the school was graduated December
MEW SUPPLY of Fmi|eF‘tlp Coats
Sport Sweaters also ARROW SHIRTS White aed Faecies FfuUwfiL Inc.
All exc'C])t foui of the 20 atlilctes on the Univeisity of Wisconsin’s varsity basketball squad this year hail from Wisconsin liomcs. Of the lour exceptions, two arc from Illinois, one from Minnesota, and one from California. I’lie “Californian” IS junior Ray Patterson, lanky first sli ing center, who can be called the iquad's “man of the world.” Ray was boin in Lafayette, Ind.; picipied at Wa;\land Academy, Beaver Dam, Wis.; and now lists Iloll;, w ood, Cal, his homo town.
When Coach Ray Fislier of Michigan’s baseliall team invited some
of his moundsmen out this week to begin winter drills in the fieldhouse he found that among the men repoiting was his all-time star pupil, Dick Wakefield of the Detioit Tigers. Aflei being voted the outstanding player in the Texas League last season, Wakefield relumed to Michigan to continue the education he dropped in 19'11 in exchange for some $50,000 fi om the Tigers. Believers in numewelogy could ^have told Julius Franks of Michigan that he was going to be named All-American guard when he came
on the field the first time this fall wealing that big 63 on his jersey. The same number was worn throughout three years of intercollegiate football by Clarence Munn, Michigan’s line coach who in 1931 was an All-American guard at Minnesota under Coach Fritz Crisler. A1 Wistert,'Wolverine tackle, also found there must be something to this number business ‘for he has been weai ing the same No. 11 which adorned the back of his All-Amer-ican brother in 1933. Wistert has been placed on virtually every mythical All-American eleven named since the season closed.
The Minnesota team is under the dii'ection of a new mentor this -sea-
son. Dr. Carl Nordly is the
that the Gophers have selected'io guide their hardwood fortunes aSdl' the ’42-’43 season. Coach Not^^ has been somewhat handicapped-this season because of lack of veter^ material. He uses two sophomor^ in his lineup who have proven themselves in the scoring. Dave Ruliifteon leads the sophomoi’e scoring with his 44 points. The fact that -RUliffson wears glasses on the hard'wood is very misleading, because of his accuracy on the hoop. Louie Brewster, a guard, is second on the soph-
omore list with 32'points.
Hon Mattson, 6 ft., 4 in. giant forward or center on the Gopher squad, has been out all season with a serious case of the flu. It is still doubtful whether he will be able to -play in the tilts with the Boilermakers on Saturday and Monday. Pilling in for Mattson will be Bill Lind,.another giant who stands 6 ft., 3 in. tall. Lind occupies the pivot position and does so with a maximum of .ability. The remaining two weteran per-
O,
PERFUME
Causing applause for her and for you . . 0 “Opening Night” is a brilliant success. She’ll know she is the “star of the performance.” $6.50 $10 $16.50 V.
.X1,:; I
DECKER’S
518-20 Main St.
Phone 5036
21 and within a few days most of
the graduates had been “shipped formers on the Minnesota -five are out” for duty with the Pacific fleet. Hick Burk and Kenneth Exel.
the Atlantic fleet, or advanced training' in other schools operated by the
Navy.
A new company, the eighth, 225 strong, arrived here from Great Lakes Naval Training Station just befoie Christmas and was immediately given short leave before reporting for clas.ses on December 28. In the past, trainees received into the electrical school usually arrived here as appi'entice seamen and were advanced to SMond class seamen upon complejidn of four months of active AWsf, but the seamen are now advanced to the higher rating upon completion of their recruit training at the naval bases. Lt. Masters Succeeds Hart The change of command a\as effective the first of the year when Lt. Comdr. H. M. Hart, commanding officer, was detached from this station and assigned liaison officer between Selection Service and the Navy for the state of Iowa. Comdr. Hart is at present in Lincoln, Neb., attending an instruction course preliminary to assuming his new iluties in Des Moines, Iowa. Comdr. Hart came to this activity when the school was just getting under way last June and succeeded Lt. Comdr. Karl H. Nonwciler who had been assigned here as temporary commanding officer. For the present, the Commander is maintaining his home here in West Lafayette. Lt. -A. M. Masters, executive officer of the training station, is acting commanding officer prior to arrival of a new skipper.
WANTA TINKER? equipment all at EDGfRTON MOW. TNC. E. W. VanMeter, Pres.
Spoilswomen To Add Mixed jReereiiion Mixed recreation will be held tomorrow night from 7:30 to AO in the Women’s Gym, according to an announcement received last night from Elizabeth Baughman, president of Snortswomen, who sponsors the en-
tertainment.
The early part of the evening Until 9 will be devoted to basketball, ping pong, volleyball, shuffle boai^ and other games. The remaitidfer tlf the evening will be taken up with social dancing. There is no admission charge, but rubber soled shoes will be required. Exponent Bvsmess Stiff Holds Citloirt Any students interested in woi'king- on the business staff of the Exponent are requested to he present at a call-out on Monday, January 18, at 4:15 p. m. in the Exponent
office.
Work on the business staff entails the job of purchasing all the materials necessary for the publkatibn of the paper, the paying of all bills due to overhead expenses, and paying- for the cost of typesetting and deiiveiy. Members of this staff work from 4 to 5:30 p. m. on the day before the publication of the paper. Iowa IS all even in the conferen^' in the four years of football unddr Dr. Eddie Anderson—it's won XI, lost 11, tied 1—^figuring all gankli, Iowa has won 19, lost 14, and tied 1.Selective Service Announces New Former Students Coed Rush Continues Dairy Short Course Navy Enlistment Quota In Indiana Receive Honorary Throughout Week Training Program
Notices
Colonel Robinson Hitchcock, state selective service director, and Commander R. H. G. Mathews, officerih*charg:e of the Indianapolis Navy recruiting station, announced the opening of the Navy Quota last week. Selective service registrants between 18 and 38 may volunteer for the U. S. Navy by making application through their local draft
boards.
Colonel Hitchcock said that all selective service boards in Indiana are notified to accept applications and to approve eligible registrants for examination by the Navy through recruiting stations and substations. Men who are a considerable distance .from their own local boai’ds may volunteer for en-
Conference
(Continued from page 1) culture engineers concentrated on maintenance pioblcms. Heid health took up the time of the dairy and vetennaiy groups, while (loultiymen were considering means of increasing production. Women at the home economics sessions heard Ruth O’Brien of the U. S. Bureau of Homo Economics outline adjustments that consumeis must make to the textile situatum, and then witnessed a demonstration on “Making the Old Dress Do.” Tuesday evemng Carl Neprud, an authority on Far Eastern life who
listment through the nearest local spent 29 years associated with the
Chinese Maritime Customs and recently rotuined to this countiy after being a pi isoner of wai of the Japs for SIX months, emphasized the fact that food (ilays a very important part not only in the successful piosecution of the war, but also in managing occiijned areas
aftei conrpiest.
board and be handled as transfer
cases.
Commander Mathew’s explained
that men under 18 and over 08 are still eligible for recruiting by the Navy w’ithout previously clearing
through their draft boards. Men who have worked in fields
such as blacksmiths, carpenters, quan'y diillers, electricians, engine operators, mechanics, shovel operators, wharf-builders, bakers, divers
and diver tenders are particularly . . . awarded the honoiaiy grades desired by the Navy. In theke cases of musicians at the annual Band special interviews are required at Banquet to the following members: Indianapolis. Men who qualify will Chief Musicians, II W. Koch. F. T.
be enlisted as apprentice seamen and appropriate ratings will be de-
Military Band
termined upOn lepoiting at a naval training station. There are also openings for a limited quota of colored volunteers wishing to serve with the U. S. Navy.
Hanna
(Continued from page 1) are related exponentially to the source of the sound. Hariied math students in the University today may take heart. Recently he has been in charge of electro-mechanical development in the Westinghouse laboratories research department. Selected From Large Group The magnitude of his recent invention to increase the effectivoncss of tanks can be seen when the committee for awarding the citations is considered. 4,000,000 workers submit their ideas to 1900 employee committees who sift the production plans according to their relative importance in the battle of the maiuifactuiing front. The best ideas culled from these committees aie sifted and cut by a special staff of worker in Washington. The ideas that survive this test are considered by the WPB committee which awards citations, honorable mentions'and lettei.s of commendation Honoi.s have been aw aided to janitors. machini.sts, lady welders and white collar worker--, who have made improvement.s in today'.^- manufacturing technique'^. In one situation, the job of cleaning airplane motor parts -which weie packed in heavy grease took nearly ten hours to clean up before the motor could bo put to use. One workei’s novel idea that the motor-.s be put in a huge oven so that the grease could be melted off, cut the time of cleaning to less
than an houi.
Lists of these inventions are sent to the manufacture! s of vital equipment, and any interested companies may get the full details of time saving impiovements by writing the central conrmittee. This is just another- of the many ways in which American fr-ee labor is doing its hit to ti-iump over slavery. 'House Of Magic (Continued from page 1) a(ed when Gluesing “iviped out’’ the light by passing his hand oveithe glowing glass tubes. Train Controlled By Voice The part of the show w-liich had a real jieisonal atipeal foi student engineeis was a demonsti ation of “voice control’’ of a liny elec-tnc tiain. By speaking vaiious w-oi ds into a miciO);hone, Gluesmg was able to give the scuttling locomotive command.s, wdiich it obe”yed with almost human intelligence. In his explanation of the phenomenon, Gluesing said that the coiiliol was hooked ujr to an iminiLse system, so that a one-syllable woid liansmitted one impulse thiough the system, causing the tiain to stoji, a two-sound word made it leveise its direction, and three syllables sent it dashing stiaight at-ios the stage. A moment oi ghastly humoi was supplied when the olectiical magician turned a beam of uliia-violet light on the audience and told them io look at tfieii toelli, wlmli glowed -w'ierdly in the daik. The siglu if the 4000 sets of teeili g I inning 11 om the daik must have been hanowirig indeed foi Gluesing lioni his vantage point on the stage. 'I'he only persons disajipomled weie tlie members of {he audience who had false teeth, as they failed to tluoresce like tlie genuine artu-h's.
Hemlei- and R. B Clifford; superior musici^iis, D C. Ross, F Bas-,, J, A.
Shaw and G C. HufTm in.
Principal musicians, .7. G. Byers. J. R. Wood, G M Palmer, M. F. Anderson, C. B. State--, W. A. Cheney, R. L. Weicle, R. E. Hill, W. D Winger, P 0. Dodge, A. R. Balitz and 1. J. Gios--; musicians, J. H. Andeison, R. W. Evansoii, R. F. vShaip, E. H. Hemraei. R. A. Viniiings, R. F Halier. J W. Biand, R. A. Gossett, J. Vv'. Moigan, B. A. Woodheill, M. D Reed and G. E.
Grosbach.
Frank C. Andrews . . . son of Ml. and Mis. Frank W. Andrews of Rac-me, 'Wisconsin, a lecent giaduate of the Umvoisity, IS now- woikiiig on the prodiiction of Cuitiss Helldiver fiive bornbeis and Seagull scout I'lanes for the Na\y as a jumoi engineoi in the engineciiJig depailment of the Columbus, Ohio, plant of the rui tiss-W' mbi Coi poi athiii. Sigma Alpha Mu . , . social liateinilv, announces the ])lediiing of tlie lollowing- Robert Litvin, Pliill'p Callnei and Sulne\ Gold lioip v Inceco lllinoi., Fianl; Ciolm, fi mr Lo.ig l.slamb New- Yoik, Loui- Eiiibindei, In dianapolis; and Haioio ledalofl, Toledo, Ohio.
Sophomore Cot-iihon Annual sophomore cotillion, sponsored h\ Skull and ( rescent, will be held Friclaj night, .!anuair 29. This dance, formal as in the past, will ot-ciipi, both ballrooms 01 the I nioii. '1 he hand and the price of the tickets will be announced bed ore next Siiiuhn.
Ag Certificates Forty-two former students who made outstanding- records in agricultural projects during the past year weie lionorod with the picsentation of “Distinguished Purdue Ag” cei tificates at tlie annual meeting of the Ag Alumni Association Tuesday night. The group of former University students who were honored with the D. P. A. citation included seven men who qualified for the fifth time and will have their portraits hung in the “Hall of Fame” in Agricultural Hall on the campus. The “five-time” qualifiier.s w’ere Clai'cnc-c Cecil, Muncie; Wilson Chenoweth, Shoels; Roseoc Fraser, Rensselaer; A. Burl Hiiichman, Riishville; John P. O’Neal, Loogootee; Leioy Turner, Richmond; Jesse Wood. ,Shoels. More men qualified for the “Hall of Fame” this year than in the entire 16 pioccding years in w-hich the D. P. A. award has been offered. In addition to the presentation of the D P. A. certificates, it was announced that “Certificates of Distinction” in lecognition of outstanding service to Iloosior agriculture, have been granted to the late Dean M. L. Fisher, formei Dean of Men, who was nominated for the award approximately tw-o months before hi3 death last Decemhei; Paul S. Lowe, Fi aiikfoi t, veteran vocational agriculture tcac-hcr; E. C. Ilamko. Vincennes, outstanding daily field man ,and Kenneth N. Rider. Franklin, an outstanding cannei. Freshmen Gel Tickets For Home Games Freshman students may obtain their tickets for Big Ton Conference liome games today at the ticket office window of the Fieldhouse, according to C. S. Doan, manag'or of ticket sale-. Coupons fiom passpoit books must be signed and e.\changed toi the c-oiiesponding games listed. Due to change in the !baskelball schedule, c-citain games which have been cancelled will apply to games on the n w schedule. All -'tiulcnt-. who hcVC not alieady obtained then leseiveil seat tickets at their (le---ignated times should re1)011 10 the FieldiioLise as --oon as possible to obtain them The niimbei cl lolativelv good scats left' is la, r11.\ (limti I'-bing, le.uuig groupo( -eal . -.carcc. Ohio Stale will be the opponents at il.e next hi.me g.ip-'e which is to lie S.Uiiiday, .I<.nu.u\ 21, at wnuli ihe <b-t ri-i.i-'cd -eat ticket-, \mU
b > ii ec
Ensign W. Jennings ha- lomed the ' t.ilf ol me Na\al Tiaming .School ol the UiiiNCisity He ha-, been assigned 1o the -upply ('epattmeiit, where he will woilv imdu the diicction ol Id Al'hed Pollack. Ensign Jenniiing--. a giaduate of Indiana tJnneisit^, is horn Evansville.
Coeds are attending dessert dinners at the eight sororities starting yesterday, and continuing today and tomorrow. Each gii'l may attend thioe dinners, one a night at the three sororities of their choice from whom they received invita-
rions.
Sunday night will be the formal preference dinners at the different hou.ses, and Monday, girls will obtain theii invitations at the PanHel office for pledging. They may hand in theii acceptance to the sorority wdiich they were offered anytime after 4:00 p. m. Monday, Januaiy 18. Freshmen seem to like this new system of rush started last fall at the University, it was learned from interviews held with many of the girls. A large percentage of girls made their grades this semester since the new three scmeslcr rush plan has come into effect. There will be open rush afterwards wdiich wdll bo announced in detail latci aftci the Pan-Hel council draws up some more definite
plans.
Exponent Staff
-liG
Work schedules aie posted on the huilctin hoard, i'leaso check the a'-sigiimcnf.s and report aii\ omissions, coi-i-ection.s or complaints. 1 oil are oxpcclccl to report lor work on the night as-igned or ged a siihstitutc. —BUTZ
p r 0
#1'/
CL \ IJDKTTK COLBERT and JOEL MeCKEA in aa embarras.sing moment in their new co-hlairing Paramount comedy, “'Ihe Palm Beach Storj,” wliich conie.s toila) to the Lalaiette 'Iheatre, with Rudy \ allee and ,Mai> Aslor in soiipoil.
$1 die i Ol. BouJe •wherever ( ‘Toiletries ^ •are sold
/i* l-'oldcr of Mastuline Scenls on Request
Kappa Psi
. . . Pharmacy honoraiy, announces the initiation qf the following men: Charles A. Davis, William Duesteibcig, Robci t L. Goixlon, Robert A. Kashner, James L. Mullen, Donald M. Newman, Raymond L. Nihan, AVilliam H. Boters, Chailes F. Robeits and Frederick
II. 'Flioinas
Oificeis foi 1943 are as follows: Richard Thoms, piesident; Norman W'. Merrick, vice president; Allen Beck, seci otai y - trea.surer; Frecleiick H. 'I'homas, historian. Richard F Steltner, who had the highest scholastic average of the 1942 graduating c'ass, was awarded the Kapp.i P,-i Scholaiship Key.
Rumors conccining a personal appearance of Harr5'' James at the Univeisity m the ncai future aie not tiue. The Student Union Office announces that at present, Harry James is not booked to play for any dance at the University this semes-
ter.
Starts Monday/ Eight one-week traini^ courses with the object of training students for specific jobs in a short time, W'ill characterize the dairy manufacturer’s shqrt course that starts next Monday. Each week, work on one specific ph.v.se of dairy manufacturing will he completed. These courses have been outlined for men or women who have had little or no experience in dairy plant work. This course offers the knowledge which the average dairy plant operator needs, to those who are in a position to invest a minimum of time and money in a fundamental and practical short course that will qualify them for a responsible position in a dairy plant. Courses will cover market milk, manufacture of dairy products, ice cream making, butter making, cheese making, dairy plant mechanics, milk and cream grading, and a dairy technieian.s course. Those who have applied for admission for the course should be notified within the next few days as to whether there have been a sufficient number of'students regi.s-. tcred for the course. PIA To Sponsor Series Of Informal Tea Dances ^ starting next Tuesday afternoon at 3, the Independent Association will sponsor a seiie.s of informal tea dances. 'The dances will be held every Tuesday and will replace the former PIA dances held on Saturday aftci noon.s. Dancing will take place in the south ballroom of the
Union.
After the dance last Wodne.sday, the PIA board decided to change the Satin day dance plan and to hold all future tea dances on Tuesday unless a more favorable time is found. Dance.s now’ will be from 3 till 5:30 p. m. and admission will be as 111 the past. All coeds and PIA members will be admitted without charge and all non-member ods [will be charged ten cents.
No Notices will be accepted tor this column after 6 p. m. on (he day preceding the issue. Sophomore Union Workers: Please report to the South Ballroom as soon as possible to assist on the Student Book Exebanse.
—PURMAN
Exponent Workers: There will,j>e « ins of the following people F/Wny. Janu*
ary 16, at i :16 p. m. In tlie
Speck, Hudson, Yargar, Ford, Winslow, Schlltr. —TYbUN , Christian Science: The regular “"'1 busF ness meeting will be Postponed O"® to Tuesday, .Inn. 19, m room 302 of Union.
There will be no meeting
Entomology Clubllleeting Thursday, Jan, M, at 7:30 p. m. in room 1<« '
Glider Club: Moetinff Thursday, Jan. 14, Purdue Engineer: Staff moetinK Ei^ay* at 7:^0 p. m. in room 212. Everyone cPmo. ir j.* ^ in the oitice
_Q2AT TOWTTPV ^ __ U'f
-SALISBUKY
GE 11 and 12: Examinations for the removal of conditions in GE 11 and GE 12 will be Kivon on Jan. IG, 1943, from 1 to 4 p. m. in Room 201, Michael Golden Shops.
*-RISlNG
EngUnh and Speech Exams: hiaT^e-up exams for students with condition.'? in English and Speech will bo hold on Saturday afternoon, Jan. 30, at 1 o’clock in Room 201, University Hall. Removal-of-conclition card.*? .should bo obtained bv Friday preceding the examination from the Enj^li.sh office, 108 University Hal). ^ —CREEK Chem 3 and 4: Condition exam'? will he ffivon Saturday, Jan. 16, in room 320 of the Chemibtry buildinf? at 1 p. m. sharp. No exam without properly certified card.
-- PEARCE
AIEE: Mcctinp Thursday, Janu. 11, in EE 254. Prof. SabbaRh will speak on the
amplidyne motor control system
—REED
Playshop: AH applications for crow-hcads on the next production, “The Eve of St. Mark”, must be turned in before Thursday, Januaiy 15, at 5 p. m —UESTER All Students: Party for the incominR freshman students will be held Saturday, January 16, at 8 p. m. in the University Presbyterian Church recreation- room. Everybody will enjoy the clancinR, Rames, 'ind of course refre-shments. TAGGART Fraternity Rush Registration: All men wishing to be on list sent to all fratirnities lor rushing purposes, register at the Fratern Aytiffairs Office, Room 328 of the Union between 4 and 5 p m. before Fiidav* Jan 1.7 MORGAN Fraternity Presidents’ Council: Moclinp Thursday, Jan. 11, at the Phi Kanpa Pst house at 6 p. m ~ DAWSON Code and Radio Instruction: CIasros in Beginners, Secondaiy (G-12 u. p. m ) and Advanced U2 w. p. m. and over^ Code and Radio Instruction are being mganized. Sections ^viIl meet two hours per neck, Mon - Fn. al 4 and 5 p. m beginning Monday, Jan. 18. Sign up in the Supply Room in the Armory prior to I p. m Mondav, Jan 18 -HESTERREUG -Students: WTo nould like part timt* noik should get in touch with the Dean ol Men Ofiice - GOLDSMITH Organization Heads: All petitions for activity looms in the Union and petitions for dancts ioi the present semester must be in th(‘ Student Union Office by Fndav afttrnoon Januaiy 1.*), il such ptfitions are to be gi\ (. n ctinsideratior IIILLKR YWCA Cabinet Members: Meeting Saturday. Januaiy lb. at 2 p m in the oilice. -PACKARD Gold Pepper?: Pas-xports nie in AWS box at West Ik'.k of the Union. MacDONAT.D Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting I* ridav at 1’15 in room 301 DOIY Skull and Crescent: Important meeting Thursday Jan 11, in room 302 of the Union at T 17 p m Coneeins pledging CHESNUT
-KIMBRELL
Chinese Students: The first meeting will be held on Fiiday, Jan. 15, at « p. m. at 234 Wood St. Refieshments will be served as usual. ___ -T- KLurthe:an Students: I hope to see you at our devotioiinl meeting at 7'•SO p. m.. in room 307 ol the Union. The diseus.sioil will eeute. about “Faith of Ou^^“y^cE PIA W.ard Chaiiman: There will be a shoiL meamg of all Waul Chaiimen in the PIA olhec Thursday at Pg^"{3RcER All Trackmen: Important meeting o^f all tiaekmen Fuday in loom It‘ ^sii house at 4 TO. The “Spiked Shoe Club will be discussed Be thoio Omicron Nu: Lasts of invitations for each member will he m file in freshman clothing lab by 1 p m Thursday. Jan. 11. Please semi invitations by Fndav Newman t’liih: The regular monthly breakfast Will hi held Sunday, January 17, in St, Maiy’s anditrouim after tne Mass. 'Iheic will also he a get acquainted tea dance ami caul party the same day at 2 p. m This is sonu thing new. Ix?t s see all the Catholic students there and help make it a .sncciss. AUL.i
Classified • Ads
Money to loan on diamonds, watches, gutis, luggage*, tvpcw I iti rs. Albert’.. Loan Office, ‘1U7 Columbia Typewriters—Adding MacTiino'?, all makes sold, iintcd. i»‘pan(-'d, and piuchastd. Mirneoviaiib woik done C. .1 KbeishofT, b05 Main, L.ifayrttt Phone 277'! Wanted—vSfudtnts interested m peddling (he Exponent. Call Exponent. Ask for ReckleiiwaUk For Sale—Schick (.Urtiic lazor. Very ^huhih u.cd 'hib 00 m u Will sell lor $8.00. Call 0811 or I 11 Andn '.v Lost—SiKii Exponent kiv with initials J. K onvjLick (’aii Jane Kium at Exponent
olluL Ol
Room a:id Board lot one student $20 per month 102 Nt i ihwt'■it rn Avl. 'lob phone .MT'i Mt . C'.t I ( h.inilK 1 l.n’n, 102 Northwestern A\(.
D.n mom (J Pi‘Idhouse, ith jilaid lining. Please call
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
CIRCULATION DRIVE
Start off the New Year
1943
1943
"1
'.■v ' -WBut ;
1’^ 3
«j
I'
with your copy of the TP IIOAI Exponent:
iascytine Refresliant witli a double purpose ‘Refreshes and ^Deodorizes at the same time^
I ry this scenf-sational masculine foiletry and cheer "good-bye" to otfensive body odors and perspiration aura,— a great after-sports refreshant and deodorizer, and your social and business bodyguard . . . L'ORLE Gentlemen's L'Odorante is a daily "must" for meticulous men.
A
0:7*
Everyone buy a paper. ® A paper iu every house O Send one home.
Costs you less. ® Delivered auywliere.
llie Navy and all the armed services are not out of I reach of the Exponent. Students, Men of tlie Armed Services, WAACS and Ail— SHOW YOUR PURDUE SPIRIT
Buy a
PURDUE
Subscribe at West Desk of Union — Anytime!