4%.
1 r- (1 i ‘■' I ( i ' »,^ ‘
esi I t’ 4 4/ t I
t-v,
^(aui ymh fioMti d(iuut Ja« ^IkA 0a^
X'tig
imuti 1.
xfumeiit Dafly Sines 1906
Volume No. 130
West Lafayette* Indiana
Thursday* March 6* 1941
Blanken To Lead Boilermakers In 1941-42
Playshop Scores Hit At Opener Capacity Audience Sees Betty Erick, Pittenger Star In 'Night Must Fall' By John Traugott All sorts of Freudian complexes are distributed, quite fairly we thought, among the characters in Playshop’s production of “Night Must Fall," which opened to a capacity audience last night in Fowler Hall. Among the more goulish persons involved are a couple of psychopaths, one of whom has murder for an avocation, and a cantankerous old lady affected rather severely with hypochondria. Dan, the principal terror, who loves and murders the ladies with equal facility, is ably done by Dick Pittenger. It is a diflRcult part involving the problem of being ■thoroughly despicable without forgetting a terriffic? inferiority complex that must constantly be kept before the audience. Betty Erick Tops Betty Erick, however, gets our vote for the best job of the evening. The part of Olivia, tough one for a co-ed at Purdue, but it was as perfect a piece of realism as any Playshop actor has turned out in quite a while. Miss Erick’s character is English, but we have seen her counterpart too many times among the bored, knitting, bridge playing females to close to home. Miss Erick, in short, portrayed a type with an accuracy and fidelity (Continued on page 8) Student Pilots Report At Airport For Flight Training Schedules All students enrolled in the Civilian Pilots Training program should report immediately to Captain Aretz at the airport to schedule flight training time, according to an annbuncement made yesterday by Director G. Stanley Mrikle. The primary flight training course began Tuesday afternoon while the secondary course started yesterday morning. The following students have been accepted for the secondary ground achool and fight training courses for the 1941 Spring session of the CPTP; Secondary School Blackwell, Hugh Girdwood; Creveling, John Howard; Dees, Harry Crittenden; Disher, Earl Justin; Disney, Merrihaan Elvous; Fisher, Ealph Oliver; Jacobsen, John Rajph; Knapp, Willard Alfred, Jr.; Lemon, James Nicholson; MacMillian,Dayid Will Mackenzie. McArthur, Laurence Richard; McGinnis, Prank Thomas; McKee, Clarence Raymond; Parker, Theodore Browning i Sharps, Kenneth Earl; Shaver, Jesse Milton; Sparks, Ben, Jr,; Teel, LaBae Lannlng; Trask, James Edward; Wayne, Faitk. Primary Sdiool Those students accepted for the primary grOttiid schodl and flight training courses are th^ following; Arlin, Ralph Wampler; Arvin, Louis Edward; Bergstrom, Walter (Continued on page 2)
Captain Elect
Don Blanken
Cagers Choose Sprowl Most Valuable Player
By JOE DOLAN
Exponent Sports Editor With Dr. Robert Phillips, of the University department of history, economics and government, pinch hitting and doing a grand slaipjob in the lead-off and clean-up spot of toastmaster, the Union ballroom was filled to capacity last night to pay tribute to Purdue’s 1940-41 basketball squad. After major letters were announced by Captain Bob Igney, Don Blanken was named as next season’s captain, and Frosty - Sprowl was presented with the most valuable player award. This new conference “most valuable" award is similar to the Chicago Tribune Award for football’s most valuable player in conference competition. Frosty Sprowl is eligible for the award, and as a prize, he received a gold basketball watch charm, as the nine other most valuable men in the conference will receive from radio station WON, who is sponsoring the awards. The conference award is to be announced later after other schools have announced their valuable men. Captain Igney then presented Ward Lambert an honorary “P" jacket in recognition of Lamberts’ 23 seasons of service to the University. Igney remarked that his only regret was that it was impossible to get all 23 stripes on the jacket. A1 Stewart and his Glee Club fol- -
Zworykin To Explain Electron Microscope Dr. V. K. Zworyjcin, director of RCA’s electronic research laboratory, will address an open meeting of the University chapter of Sigmh Xi, research honorary, tonight at 7:30 o’clock in room 211 of Stanley Coulter Hall. His topic will be “Image Formation by Electrons,” In his talk, Dr. Zworykin will demonstrate the uses and power of the electron microscope which is 20 to 60 times stronger than the ordinary light microscope. Photographs of viruses and other minute particles magnified up to 100,000 times, which were taken with the new microscope, will illustrate the lecture. In 1934 Dr. Zworykin received the Morris Liebman Memorial Prize. He was later awarded the Overseas Premium from the Institute of Electrical Engineers (British) and last year received the American Pioneer Award.* Dr. Zworykin is a naturalized citizen of the United States and is the holder of 74 U. S. patepts. Dr. W. I. Brasch ... of the division of education and applied psychology, spoke to the Klondike High School ParentTeachers Association yesterday on the subject of “How Parents and Teachers Irritate Children.”
lowed their usual habit of taking the audience by storm, and were assisted by the aWe-inspiring University band under the direction of Hal Todd. Speaking of basketball. Dr. Elliott gave the crowd an hypothesis that can well be adapted to all sports: “Win and the world rejoices with you; lose, and you cry alone.” And from that statement Dr. Elliott paid Captain Igney tribute for being a great leader, even in defeat, because of the magnificient display of courage and inspiration by Bob in the face of the unusual results in Boilermaker basketball records of the past season. Free Mixer Tickets At Cabaret Dance Reservations are still available at the Union west desk for tables at the Windy Way Cabaret to be held tomorrow night in both ballrooms of the Union from 8 to l2. The cabaret will featbre a floor show, refreshments and dancing to the music of^ Bill Martin’s band. Tables for from two to five couples may be reserved at the time of ticket purchase. As an added attraction at the dance, balloons used for decoration will be torn down during the dance. Mixer tickets tied to some of them will go to the lucky couples capturing the valuable balloons. Theme of the floor show' is a sneak-peek preview of the new Union show, Harum Scarum.
——From All Front’s— Today's Summary Of War News
To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Oopyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc • Britain Breaks With Bhigars Great Britain has broken diplomatic relations with Bulgaria, charging that German trcTops were admitted to the country in full knofpledge that their mission was to attack Greece. Simultaneously the British colony in Yugoslavia was advised to evacuate.
• Japs Mass Near (ndo-China Japan is massing troops and warships near French Indo-China, it is reported from Shanghai. A new dead line for France to reply to defliands has been set.
• British Admit Narvik Raid The Admirality announced briefly yesterday that the British iraid on the Lofoten Islands off Narvik was successfully carried out. Since mid-February there have been two other announced raids, one by parachutists in Italy and one on the Dodecanese Islands.
Pajama Clad Fresh Race In Annual Sigma Nu-Theta Xi derby Saturday
• '^U. S. Gets War Information “We Americans have, since the beginning of the war,” writes Edgar Ansel Mowrer from Washington, “been receiving regularly from the British information so vital to our national defense that one American military observer in London declared it worth ‘hundreds of millions of dollars’.”
By Ollie Allanson Comes Friday night and the Big Ten track meet begins, but comes Saturday afternoon at 4:80 o’clock and the annual Sigma Nu-Theta XI pajama race begins. The race, whose authentic costuming carried with it all the zest and verve of a party night in the dorm, is a traditional affair between the fraternities who have had their rhinies training for the contest for several weeks. Watch Ont, Thetas The race begins on the river road in front of the Sigma Nu house. At the sound- of a shotgun and other noisemakers the contestants sprint south along the road to the Theta house where they zoom up the front lawn. And twice
around the house. At this point the Theta girls, who are ensconced on the roof of their house behind innumerable buckets of water, take an active hart in the proceedings. After the adventure at the Theta house, the soaks struggle wearily down Littleton street to the Sigma Nu driveway where the race ends. ^igma Nus Favorites Favorites in tTfie race are the Sigma Nu freshnien, since they have won seven of the nine races run since the inauguration of the contest in 1932. The Theta Xis, however, Jiave a number of fast men wljo will give the Sigma Nus a close battle. Spectators are urged to attend ahd cheer for their favorites.
• Denies Nazi-Soviet Rift “Well-dnformed neutral observers here,” radios David M. Nichol from Berlin, “believe there is little likelihood that any serious friction will develop, at least in the predictable future, between Russia and Germany.”
e MSfxieo, Washington ConlFer The United States and Mexico have begun conversations on the subject of mutual defense against aggression, it was announced by the State Department.
Et|MnlHt,SS8ltk S»a4t TllitB flu te a Mts the Uim biiht. m hi the HiiHrll atllr all wM It Uj^rt.
Most Valuable
Frosty Sprowl
Co-ed Debate Team Will Meet Ohio State In Public Discussion Tonight at 7:30 p. m. in the Home Economics auditorium the University co-ed debate team will meet the Ohio State team in the only public Big Ten co-ed debate to be held on the campus this year. Prances Estep and Peggy Howard will present the affirmative of “Resolved: That there should he federal regulation of the American press;” and Bella Tracht and Norma Cropp will speak for Ohio State. Following the regular debate period, a public forum, an innovation in campus Rebate, will be held. During this session the audience will be able to ask the debaters questions concerning the discussion. No judge’s decision will be given, but instead an audience vote will be
taken, s.s.
Clergymen To Speak At Marriage Lethire Three clergymen, representing the Protestant, Catholic and Jfewish religions, will speak in the third of a series of six marital lectures, in the Electrical Engineering building today at 4 o’clock. The lectflre, which will count as a class meeting for those enrolled in the regular three-hour marriage course, is open to junior and senior
men and women.
^ The Rev, W. R. Graham of the Central Presbyterian church, Rabbi Simon of Temple Israel, and Father Chapman of St. Mary’s church will represent their respective faiths,
r.s.k,
WSSF Thermoinoefer
Goal: $700
l!S^
YWCAAWS WAA Name Candidates Will Vote For Officers At Election In Union Wednesday* March 19 Associated Women Students, the Women’s Athletic Association, and the Young , Women’s Christian Association yesterday announced their candidates for officers f<H* next year. A general election for all the organizations will be held Wednesday, March 19, in the
Union.
AWS Nominations
AWS has nominated for president, Mary Ellen Scarff, and Agnes McCulloch; secretary, Florence droll and Harriette Simons; treasurer, Becky Ann Pervine and Jane Van Korkom; junior representative,Jane McCouch and Kathryn Mageau; sophomore representative, Nelda Byrum and Jean Lauer. All co-eds are eligible to vote in the AWS election, and the defeated presidential candidate will automatically become vice-president. YWCA Nominations YWCA has nominated Bonnie Swope and Ruth Newton for president; Jeanne Weil and Betty Woelffle for treasurer; Vivian Peterson and Chancellor Ball for secretary. All members who have paid their membership dues are eligible to vote in the YWCA election. Eleanor Harrison and Kathryn Ade are the candidates for the presidency of WAA. The candidates for vice-president are Gail Hennis and Barbara Ford; for treasurer, Jane Blank and Opal Blagrave; for secretary, Ruth Walker and Monica
Buergler. - WAA Primaries
WAA will hold a primary election on March 18 at which time additional nominations may be made. Prom the women ^ nominated two will be selected by a majority vote i^ run in the general election on March 19. All members who have paid their dues and have earned 2S points for participatioir will be eligible to vote. A list of all active members has been posted in the
Women’s gym. r.h.r.
May Day Without A Queen? Never! Vote Tomorrow in Ut^oui May Day Queen electicms will bcfe held from 8 o’clock tiR 0 ^cloch^ tomorrow in the Union, i-%aioi5* who have their passports ^WiU fin^ the voting desk near the frdnt en-i trance on the main floor. Pictures
of the nine senior co-ed
^ll be on display to help voters
identify their favorite.
candidates are Jean Jones, Peg Terstegge, Georgia GaixoB* Ivoaiia
Holden, Rntb Bennett,
Blilea, Rosemary lUgemeyer and Jeanne Chaidlebr They were seleeted on a haitii of tireir beanty, personality ani activities.
UniversHy Sing 8AmA
Associated Wotom Studmtts annoaUy sponsors this rieetimi for the Queen and her court for the Bfoy Day festivities. Last year the pro-^
5 gram was given in the Hall of ““ Music and was so aacceeafhl __ It will be there agsjn this year,
University Sing witt alsa ha To Date: $94 same night. May 15.
•Si- i!*' I'll ,Tbiusday, March 6, 1941
fijsuulua, ^jOibiuadL
tr -t’
Hybrid Seed Coro Men Plan Varied Activities For Two-Day Meeting Round table discussions on uniform systems for grades, standards of length for length grading, interstate shipment regulations, and experiences in maintaining quality of carry-over corn will be among the features of the third annual confeienee of hybrid seed com producers to be held at the University today and tomorrow. This momingr’s session, to be presided over by M. O. Pence, University extension agronomist, will include talks on extension demonstrations and five acre corn club results by K. E. Beeson, pitfalls of com performance tests by S. R. Miles, and insect problems in the seed hcmse by J. J. Davis, all of the University. This afternoon’s program, in charge of Beeson will concern fertility problems, seed certification and production problems, steps in making hybrid seed corn, and a demonstration of seed com grading equipment. , An informal dinner will be held tonight with Dean of Agriculture H. J. Reed in charge. Dr. W. L. Burlison, head of the University of Illinois agronomy department, will speak on "Research.” Following the banquet, T. R. Johnston, di-
Most Ag Graduates Employed In Related Fields, Poll Shows Seventy percent of the University agricultural graduates remain in the field of agriculture according to a survey of 6,960 former agricultural students conducted by V. C. Freeman, associate dean of agriculture. Dean Freeman made an effort to determine the occupations of all former students and of the graduates of the winter courses. Information regarding the 5,950 was available, of which 6,471 are living. Of the living former students, 2,800 are either farming for themselves or acting as managers of farms. In addition, 1,029 are in agricultural education work as teachers, agricultural workers, and employees of the U. S. Department of Agriculture or commercial agricultural educational institutions. Of the others, 816 are employed in work closely related to agriculture, and only 827, or 16.1 percent, are in business not related to agriculture. e.g.k. rector of the University bureau of information will conduct a round table discussion on advertising. Tomorrow’s program will include discussions of hybrid corn problems, inbread and single cross performance, and processing problems as well as hybrid developments. t.b.n.
If You DonH Crct Your Copy of .. . The Purdue Exponent don’t call our offices, there’s nobody there until 4 p. m.—Just give 3301 a buzz before 8 a. m., ask the little man who answers the phone to drag “Dick” Recktenwald off the couch, and then tell him about your troubles. He’s the Circulation Manager, why give us a piece of your mind, when you can present it aH to him.
Purdue’s % Interesting 0 People By Donna Siess And so—13. Seated in the Union lounge innocently reading the daily paper, Dave Willoughby, freshman science student was nabbed as the first man of the "13 parade.” The touch of red in his otherwise brown hair may account somewhat for the bit of a devil in him that used to cause his mother some moments of worry during his childhood days. Dave is known as “Canade,” nickname arising from the fact that he first saw the light of day in Canada. Football Interest , Chicago claims him as a resident now. The night life of the big city has made Lafayette’s early street rolling practices somewhat antiquated to Dave. However, a great deal of his time is consumed studying Chemistry, his major. Then, there’s football practice. “Canade’s” greatest interest is football, and he hopes to some day teach it. Somewhere in the household attic (or mother’s files) is a collection of stamps. ‘Sweater Gal’ Fan This 13 was a very noncommital person but finally admitted that he disliked seeing girls’ stocking seams crooked. He likes high, heels but thinks boots and knee socks are taboo. Lana Turner has his hearty approval and to swing and sway with Sammy Kaye is good time well spent. Perhaps this Dave is another Dave of the Rankin fame. More touchdowns to you, Dave, and until next Wednesday —yours for more interest—
Niw
HELD OVER THRU SATURDAY WHAT FUN! WHAT LAFFS! TWO SWELL FIRST RUN HITS Right Out of Your Favorite Cartoon tStrip-
iPLUS
Pint Sized Gangsters Scared of Nothing Until They Get in a Haunted House! THE EAST SIDE KIDS WITH BOBBY JORDAN LEO GORCEY
THE SCREEN EXPLODES WITH THRILLS!
•iMPMfMnf w«lnir« W lh« NMIm Irkdutfry* -TODAY-FRIDAY-SATURDAY
I*. 5* Colnnin
National and international affairs seem to be dis-^ ghstingly dull right now. We’d like to see two or three good dirty political campaigns, together with mdybe a Nazi attack on the beleaguered British followed by a British counterattack with pursuit. Of course we would even be happy with a speech by Mussolini. It’s been a long time since we’ve heard anything but dull mutterings out of Benny. Perhaps he’s not going to make anymore speeches because . . . Adolf didn’t like what he said in his last one. * ♦ ♦ Speaking of Benny, we see where some Fascist newspaper invited the United States to inspect the Italian colonies in Africa. To see how well they are run. If anyone is going to follow the suggestion, they had better act fast... Because the supply is getting rather low. ♦ * IT It’s the old law of supply and demand in action. * * * Jugoslav diplomats had quite a little conference with Adolf this week. They were a bit more forthright and independent than most of the statesmen he has had to work on so that he finally had to ... Request their cooperation. >i< * * Bulgarian statesmen also payed a request visit on Adolf the other day. Nobody knows what happened but we assume that they sipped coffee amicably. Adolf must have been highly impressed by their cordiality however . . . Because he sent an army or two to return the visit. ♦ * ♦ The Turks are feeling very moody these days. Not
The Purdue Exponent
Entered m aecend oless matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, nnder the act of Congress of March 9, 1879, and at the apeeial rate of postage provided for in SMtion 1108, act of October 8,1917, authorteed January 80, 1922. Published daily ezcept Monday during the regular academic year and weekly dvlHng the Summer Session. Delivered locally hy carrier for 18.00 per year, mail subscription 88.60. Editor-In-Chief. ......B, W, Donhhne BnsincN Manager.... Merle Bagemeyer Publicaiion Staff News Editor X'H. McKee Managing Editor ..... j). K. Belple Associate EUUtors: N. A. Ochiltree J. A. Purcell, L. W. Ruffner, R. M. Skallerup, J. L. Tmugott. Buainom Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. 8. Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. F. Danglemaier: Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor .Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O." Swaim.
Phono: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y, Staff For This Issue Night Editor: OchQtree Issue Editor: Amutrong Day Editor: Rose Night Sports Editor: Johnson Staff: D. E. Corp, C. V. Thomas, D. T- hrophy, T. B. Novey, E. 6. Kieper, Pat Pettibone, Sarah Slesser, M, Flannagan, S. B. Wolf, S. H. I^wy, J. A. Petty, B. S. Kolb, J. M. McDonall.
only are taxes high, but they are afraid . .. That Adolf will invite them to schnops at his beautiful rat cellar. o.l.a.
Tryouts For Varsity Show Tomorrow And Saturday This year’s varsity show will be George Ade’s well known comedy “The College Widow.” Talent scouts will start observing University talent for the production tomorrow and Saturday. Tryouts will begin tomorrow at 4 o’clock in the tower room and room 363 of the Union.
Student Pilots (Continued from page 1) Burnhart; Bernwanger, Damon Charles; Best, Donald John; Burroughs, Wm. Wallace; Christenson, Arthur Lester; DeGarmo, Richard Earl; DeWitt, Fred Skinner, Fadale, Louis; Fraser, James Walter. Gentry, Irvin Dale; Hadley, Robert Lee; Hurd, Richard Carlton; Hutchins, Richard Markle; Jackson, Alfred Lea; Johnson, Edwin Warren; Keeler, John Stuart; Kellogg, Richard Homer; Kincade, Arthur Carl; Kitts, Leonard Weightman; Kohr, Rex Ray; Manelski, Andrew; Mangum, Robert Eugene; Manlove, Clifford Thomas; Mann, James Robert; Marquis, Stewart Dent, Jr. McClanathan, Donald Eugene; McDonald, Thomas, Jr.; McElroy, John Craven; McKenzie, Robert I.; New, William Neil; Person, Hans
Today-Fri.^at.—2 HITS
SiCRiTJ SIAIKR A thousand YEARSI
They dared the death curse of the -Pharoahsl
-ALSO-
Six Gun Adventure
Jinudif, JoUl Worth Mentioning ... is the athletic department’s latest addition to its staff. And we do mean Joe Boland, recently of Notre Dame. The addition speaks well for Mai Elward’s efforts as the new athletic director. We don’t always reflect student opinion Mai, but this time we’re sure that everyone approves of Joe Boland. ... is the Union’s dance this week-end. Their last attempt at a cabaret dance which was held on Washington’s birthday was well received by the students, if the size of the crowd is any criteria. This time both ballrooms will be used and another fine floor show has been arranged. This is one way to renew “the Union habit” and we’re in favor of it. ... is the Pi Kappa Phi fraternity’s far sighted effort in conducting their own investigation of Hell Week activities with a view to making the period more profitable for both actives and pledges. There is a strong undercurrent on the campus on the part of several fraternities to revise Hell Week activities but this is the first constructive effort that we have heard about. ... are the sponsors of the marriage course and the marriage lecture series for their work in bringing to the student body the opportunity to study marriage from the religious point of view. We are proud to be connected with a University that brings to the public forum representatives of the Protestant, the Jewish, and the Catholic religions for an open discussion of the problems facing young couples. Where but in America... ... is the convocation put on by the musical organizations. It ranks as one of the best of the year. The mothers and dads who attend Mid-Term Folks Day would certainly like to get a glimpse of that show, inasmuch as it presents some of Purdue’s best musical talent. ... is the Skull and Crescent organization for bringing to the campus one of the finest dance bands it has been our pleasure to' hear. They have given the Prom committee something to shoot at.
Anton; Phillips, John Edward; Pickering, Abner Kuykendall; Ralston, Robert Gonia; Rankin, David William; Reul, Richard Philip; Russell, Donald N. Shadford, Richard John, Jr.; Shepherd, Noble Nye, Jr.; Smith, Harry Thomas; Smith, Phyllis
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
UKM tdmBun
WITH DONALD WOODS —and—
ALSO 'WINNERS OF THE WEST' Serial
Louise; Spotts, Melvin Edward; Squires, Emily; Thompson, Robert Forest; Wilson, Robert Earl; Wilson, Roger Griffith; Zuck, John Alfred. Attendance Necessary Director Meikle stated further that the University authorities have been requested to insist upon regular attendance at the ground school and flight training courses. Unless those enrolled in the courses cooperate, it may be necessary to drop delinquent students from the courses, f.i.j.
Wa Are Now Restoring the VITAMIN Bl Content of Our White Breads to Average Whole Wheat Levels by Using Fleischmann's Hi-Bl Yeast CK aiHLnr mm' t'.
pjohdusL £xpotutnL
Thursdciy, March 6« 1941
3 “ %idiatL
Notices
vf Coikditioiui ^ in Knclith nndl SpviAi SbnuniiintioB* wilt be hdd in room m of the Bduention bvildinK Sntnrdny, Itetrii ». at 1 ». All CoHPdai nuwe wantins YWCA eab> Inot voniUaaa for next-irear thiitdd arad BetfUona to MIm Bryant or MIm C^Mga More Mar«3i ». BRYANT. Boriaw Claaiw ih Bncliah: The Idtowing rliifiTf witl be held: Crammar, week of Bebmary 17; Runotoationi week of Febm* ary- M: SyelUiis. we^ of March 8. They wUl all he given in room 111 of Unlverliity
Students With C or I grades: Examina* tions for the removal of C or I grades in Hbtory, Government or Economies will be given Saturday, March 8, at 1 p. m, in room 318 of the Recitation building. Applications should be made before Friday.iManh 7 In the general office in the Recitation Building. —E8TBY.
Removal of Conditions in GE 11 and GE 12: Examinations will be held in room 201, Michael Golden-shops on Wednesday, March 12, at 6 p. m. ^ —RISING.
CE 41 Students With C Or I Grades: Makeup examination will be held on March 15, room 125, B^vilon Hall. Permission to take the exam must be obtained from me before March 12. —GREVE.
the Purdue Exponent Service' Directory
• PreftMional
• School Suppliea
Risk Dental Clinic INI.FAUL A.MIIC MtUirm A.KlflC OttHAMDLD J.MSK 4lli • fftaln Ma. FImmSTIO
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
Dr. A. M. IRION MNTIST 1 l9Mi NorthwMtem Ave. . \ Phene 4965
Complete Student Supplies SOUTHWORTH'S
• jewelera
• Hardware
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
Edgarton Hdwa. Inc. QuRlity —Low«r PricM If It'f Herdware Wa Hava It Ptwne 4354 Wa Dalivar
•.. when he wrote “Whafs ill a Name?” The Bard of Avon was right about the rose—its name is unimportant. But if he’d had anything to do with naming telephone exchanges, he’d have learned a lot! Names must be easy to pronounce and transmit—must not look or sound like other exchange names—must not use the same dial finger spaces. Take MUIR and OTIS, for example. Finel—except they diaralike! For the first two letters of each appear in th^ same finger spaces on the dial. Often hundreds, of names are listed, studied, discarded before one is found that meets all requirements. Such care in every phase of Bell System work helps to make your telephone service the world’s finest.
Why not telephone home often ? Long Dis> tonce rotes to most points ore lowest ony night after 7 P. M. and all day Sunday.
I Modetn Dune* Club: No vehearBal Tuesday evening. Rehearsals on Wednesday, March 6, at 4 p. m.; Thursday, March 6, at 7 p. m.; Friday. March 7, at 7 p. m. Beginners may come. —SWOPE.
Glider Club: Debris picture will be taken in -work room Thursday, March 6, at 5 •p. m. —KANE,
MB 30 C’a and I*s:.A make-up final tor C and 1 grades received in any division of ME 80 last semester will be given Saturday, March 16, at 1:00 p. m. in room MB 118. Students planning to take the examination please notify me before noon on March 15. —^OPE. Surveying (CE 6): Examination for removal of C and 1 grades will be held in room 101, CE building on Saturday afternoon, March 16. Students interested may obtain permits in rftom' 102. —LOMMEL.
Students and Faculty i Subscribers who have not received their winter copy of Scrivener drop a card to the office in the Union at once. , —ALEXANDER.
WSSF: All workers I Get workers’ info sheets—^fuU data on campaign—from WSSF office, room 68 Union, at once, verbatum. —BELCHER.
PIA Dance Classes: Advanced class meets Thursday, March 6. Beginners, Wednesday, March 6. —HUMPHREY.
APhA: Meeting Thursday, March 6, at 4 p. m. in the,Pharmacy Building. ' —TODBR.
Alt Students: Who desire to cancel courses without a grade must do so before Saturday noon, March 16. Cancellation cards can be obtained from heads of departments and must be signed by the head of the school and head of the department of the course. The cards must be filed in the registrar’s office. —FISHER.
All Freshmen: Freshmen activity call-outs are still open. Report any afternoon after 4 p. m. to Jim Walley. —WALLEY. Christian Student Fellowship: Meeting Thursday, March 6, at 7:80 p. m. Discussion on “The Three Musts" of John. Chapter 3. —LONG.
Reaflfers: Smoker in Faculty Lounge of Union, Monday, March 10, at 7:80 p. m. We vote on members. Everyone be there. —BOHLIN.
All Girl Students: Practices for interclass basketball starts this week: today, Friday and next Monday. Freshmen and sophomores practice at 4 p. m. and juniors and seniors practice at 4:46 p. m. —FISHLEIGH.
All Students: Those interested in playing in a symphony orchestra call 41961, or leave your name, address and telephone number in the PlA box at the east desk of the Union, addressed to me. —SMULEVITZ.
Debris' Business Staff: Sophomores and freshmen meet Thursday, 4 p. m. Bring sales books and money to check in. You must be there. , —LANCET.
WAA; Submit your bowling scores for class bowling teams at desk in bowling alleys. (3-10) —WALKER.
Gimlet Club: Big Ten track meet decorations in Fieldhouse must be put up by Thursday night. All iiossible help anytime Wednesday and Thursday afternoons will be appreciated. —OGDEN.
Forensic: Very important meeting Thursday, March. 6, at 4 p. m., in room 301 of University Hall. —HULTGRBN.
Pi Tau Sigma: Student-faculty bowling in Union alleys at 7 p. m. Thursday, March 6. All members report regardless of averages as several teams will be formed. —WIST.
Students With C Or I In Mathematics: Examinations for removal of C or I grades in mathematics will be held in the Recitation Building Saturday, March 8, at 1 p. m. Exam permits should be obtained from your instructor by Thursday, March 6. —SMITH.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, March II, at 7:30 p. m. in room 134 of the Electrical Engineering building. R. C. Miles will give a demonstration lecture on “Practical Variable Freauency Transmitter Control.” r —FREED.
All T & I E Students: Iota Lambda Sigma, T & I E scholastic honorary, is sponsoring a dinner meeting of all T & I E students at 6' p. m. Tuesday, March 12, in room 236 of the Union. Purchase tickets in’ room 209 of the Education building before Saturday, —FITZSIMMONS.
All Radio Club Members: Meeting Tuesday, March 11, in room 134 of the Electrical Engineering building. A treasurer and secretary will be elected for the remainder of the semester. —FREED.
Glider Club: Meet in the club workshop in the Union at 5 p. m. for a Debris picture. Please wear suits and be prompt. —SHEDRICK.
WAA: The following badminton matches must be played off on or before Thursday, March 6; Julian-Basham, Hudson-Darraw, Brackman-Schakel, McKee-Raderstorf, Bla-grave-Keifner, Ford-Harrison, RichmondRemkk, Wd^ver - Albertson, CampbellHouston. —THOMAS.
Gold Peppers: Meeting in old Chestnut Room Thursday, March 6, at 7:16 p. m. Please be present. —CARROLL.
Newman Club: Meeting of contact committee Thursday, March 6, at 4 p. m. in room 302 of the ’Union. —^McCONAHA'Y.
Eta Kappa Nu: Meeting Thursday, March 6, at 7:30 p. m. in the Union. —HOLCOMB.
AIEE: Meeting Thursday, March 6, at 4 p. m. in room 264 of the Electrical En gineering building. H. L. Olesen will discuss indicating instruments. —WISE.
All Men: Interested in all-campus ping pong please sign up immediately on entry sheet posted on bulletin board outside Intramural office. . —MARY.
' GE 16: Descriptive Geometry make-up examination for removal of “C” and “I” grades will be held Saturday, March 15, 1 to 4 p. m. in room 308, CMl Engineering Building. Arrangements must be made by March 14. —ELROD.
Boxing: All members of the PBA and all those who participated in the last Golden Gloves are requested to appear at the Fieldhouse, Thursday, March 6, at 6 p. m. Steps are being taken for the initial ceremony for all pledges of PBA to become initiated actives. —^BENNA.
ARROW SHIRTS will help you to look yoiir Best at all times. HERSEY^S “Inhere Every Shirt is an ARROW** 507 Main Street Lahr Hotel Building
CO-EDiquette for College Men
On a date, never talk about another girl — except your mother.
Get your laffi ftom what you say, not from how you look — wear Arrow Shirts and Ties!
Navar tali a. gal you’re a m-eat guy—it’s just possible she’ll find but for herself.
MUST'#! for college men is Arrow’s oxford-cloth shirt. This handsome raiment comes in smooth colors, stripes, and glistening white. It is graced with a rolled, button-down collar ... a short, wide-spread one ... or just a nice, long-point job. $2 up—See your Arrow dealer , today and get a semester’s supply.
ARROtv SHIRTS
Get Your Style*Right Shirts— ARROW SHIRTS
at
416 MAIN
DEWENTER'S
416 MAIN
Hillel Frandation To Plan Radio paiKO Saiurday Purdu)^ Hillel Foundation will swing out this Saturdays evening at a radio dance in the Temple Emanuel of Lafayette. • Theme for the dance will be “Hobo-Hop.” The dress will be strictly informal, and slacks, sweaters and skirts ■will be in order. Music will be supplied by recordings. Dancing starts at 9 p. m. and all members and friends of Hillel are invited to come. s.w.
NYA Workers; Checks for period ending February 16 are now available at Cashier’s rffice in Eexecutive building. —HOLLBNSBE.
Pi Tau Sigma: Student-faculty bowling Thursday, March 6, is canceled. —WIST.
Purdue Dairy Club: Meeting Tuesday, March 11, at 7 :S0 p. m. in room 108 of Smith Hall. Gordon Endres will speak. Refreshments. —BRO'WN.
PIA Men’s Chorus: Rehearsal tonight in PIA office at 8:30 p. m. It is very important that everyone be there. —SMULEVITZ.,.
Classified Ads FOB SALS Typewritem and adding maohinei, new and lued. for talc, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, 129.76 to 169.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone, 2779. For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. 82.60 aU night. Phone 2407.
flvfshop Scores (Continued from page 1) to fact that must have worried quite a few members of the audience. If we are praising the members of the cast too much for the best Playshop job of the school year, we shall take time out here to thank ^am Marks for the finest staging of the year. The scenery, and stage effects fitted perfectly •with the spirit of the play, and we particularly like John De Young's effort at starting the weird thing off. It was “Night Must Fall” as Fmlyn Williams wrote it, too, we are glad to report. Several of lines no doubt shocked some of our protectors, hot we are certain that there is nothing like a couple of rirold lines to keep the audience awake. Sex still has its gay old place, we are also glad to report. We would quarrel a bit with Mary Alice Miller who made the courageous maid, Mrs. Terrence, a little too aggressive. More so than the play intended,' perhaps. We liked her pot-bellied soluch, however. Her voice had the right infiections even if it was a little loud at times. Jane Ostrander, as the Cockney wench who is to produce an illegitimate child, was delightful to look at, and is constantly on the scene for that purpose, we suppose. Josephine Stong, as Mrs. Bramson the self-pitying, chronic invalid, turned in one of the most convincing performances of the evening.
Newman Club: The monthly Communion for all members of the club -vrill take place at St. Mary’s church Sunday, l^rch 9, at 9:80 Mass. Breakfast will served afterwards and as usual entertainment is on the program. —BeNNA.
EXCLUSIVE BUT NOT EXPENSIVE STATIONERY STANDARD STATIONERY CO. LINCOLN, NEBRASKA
Learn to Dunk the RIGHT Way
MEET AT DUNKER’S HEADQUARTERS
JAe. CoiiasL. Shop,
Dunkiag Permitted—^AND Encouraged with Our Delicious CAKE DONETS Plain . . . Sugared ... Frosted SEE THEM MADE
FREE—^Dunking Insteuctions FREE—^Dunker’s Memhership Cards Instructions 3-5 in the Afternoons Do'imstairs at the North Entrance of JhsL fijUAduSL ^Ylflsunfw^iixL TdiuioiL The Comer of the Compua— Yet the Center of CeBege AetivUie*' (
//•
Thur^tty, Matiti^h 6, 1941
fiMti£ £xpimiilt
•A MiV ■ -»*■
Ostrahder To Reign Over Track Mixer Quite in keeping with the events of the afternoon, Saturday night’s mixer is to feature the Big Ten ti-ack meet as its theme. Queen Ann Osjrander and her court will reign over the festivities, and the feature of the evening will be the presentation of all the winners of the day’s track events. Paul Reedy and his orchestra will furnish the music for the evening. The decorations will display the colors and pennants of all the Big Ten schools, and the back drop will depict the outstanding track events of the day. Track coach Herman Phillips favors this dance as a fitting climax for a day of friendly rivalry, j.g.p. I M Schedules BADMINTON Thursday, March 6 4 :1,5 p. m. Beta SiKma Psi Delta Chi Delta Upsilon Phi Kappa Phi Kappa Sigma Phi Sigma Jvappa Beta Theta Pi Alpha Chi Rho
Acacia
Alpha Gamma Rho Alpha Kappa Lambda
Sigma Nu
basketball
Court 1—Hugh Young-W. B. McAdams 7:15 Cary Hall 11 vs. Cary Hall 14.
8 ;00 W^ard 30 vs. Ward 13. Court 2—Eugene Stockdell Kneale vs. Circle Pines
Wesley Boys vs. Westminster
Luma vs. Marwood. Court 8—H. Goldstein Rochdale vs. Salisbury Dover vs. Chaunoey
Theta ~Xi vs. Lambda Chi
Big Ten Indoor Track Carnival Takes Spotlight This Week-End; Special Student Ticket Priced At 50 Cents Good For Both Nights
These Big Ten 'Greats* Here Tomorrow Night
Beauty Queen And Court, Many StarsGive Riveter Campus Colorful Event Tomorrow at 8 o’cock a precedent shattering entry of 262 trackmen will converge upon the Boilermaker Fieldhouse for the thirty-first running of the Big Ten Indoor Track and Field championships. New records are certain to be established in two events, the 70 yard low hurdles and the broad jump, for these events will be added for the first time.
Triumverate Of Indiana Stars
7:00 7:16 8:00
7:00 7:16 8:00
PIA Tea Dance Features All-Request Recordings PIA tea dance will be held at 3:30 o'clock Saturday afternoon in the South Union ballroom. Music will be furnished by all-request popular recordings. PIA members and their dates will be admitted free; non-members will be charged 10 cents. All the money received will be turned over to WSSF as PIA’s contribution, p.j.p.
Michigan’s Wolverines, winners in the 1940 meet, lead the field with a list of 39 men. Pre-meet favorites, Coach Billy Hayes’ Indiana squad, numbers only 22, but among them are such sure point-getting . Student tickets for the Big Ten track meet may still be obtained at the Fieldhouse ticket office for fifty' cents. One fifty-cent ticket is good for admission to both the Friday and Saturday sessions. stars as Campbell Kane, Roy Cochrane and Archie Harris. This trio is favored to capture top honors in their respective specialties. Harris, the dusky 220 pound giant, will be out to better his 1940 conference winning distance of 49 feet, 2 inches in the shot put. He is the reigning favorite to win and may endanger the Big Ten record of another Negro, Bill Watson of Michigan, who tossed the iron ball 51 feet, 8% inches in 1939. Rapid Roy Cochrane holds the American aricTBig Ten record in the 440 yard dash at :48.2 seconds and is a cinch to repeat his victory of last year. Tall Campbell Kane tied with Ed Buxton of Wisconsin in the 880 yard run a-year ago in the very fast time of 1:54.4. With another season of experience under his belt and a strong field to make him give
his best, Kane may smash the existing record set by lU’s Chuck Hornbostel in 1933. Piker Isn’t A Piker Myron Piker, slender Northwestern dashman, should win the 60 yard dash, but he will be followed to- the tape by a very classy quartet of rival sprinters. Thus, Jesse Owens’ 1935 time of :6.1 is in grave danger. Riveter Captain Ed Holderman will be running one of his last races when he tangles with such standouts as Briendenbach and Dobson of Michigan, Eisenhart of Ohio State and Kane and Tolliver of Indiana. Jake Weber may re-break the Purdue indoor shot put record he established. Saturday against the Hoosiers, for he will be extended by Michigan's Bob Hook, Wisconsin's George Paskvan, Chicago’s Hugh “Huge” Rendleman and Iowa’s beef trust, 270 pound Hank Luebeke. The high jump boasts many talented stars, among them Canham of Michigan, who Phillips predicts may jump as high as six and onehalf feet. However, our own Lloyd McEachern went over the bar at 6 feet, 1 inch Saturday and may prove a match for Smith, Northwestern; Allan and McCarthy, Michigan, and Mikulas, Indiana, o.t.c.
Spring Weather's fickle, too! Put your trust in
♦U.S. Pal. Nos. Re 21676 and 2198064
TWO COMPUTE coAn IN OME $'
AND UP You'll handle flirtatious skies and flirtatious men with equal ease when you're wearing Season Skipper. Men admire its stunning, man-tailored lines. And weather reports hold no terrors for the coat whose protective patented* removable lining, of Neva-Kold lambskin leather in soft suede finish, zips in or out . . . sleeves and all. Bright exclusive fleeces, shetlands, tv^eeds and Royal Alpaca fleece. >
Tko rpimdE, 1^
(tkMPJBe/},
■A
fbnser Anr
AMONG THE BIG TEN track and field stars who will invade the Fieldhouse for the annual Big Ten indoor track meet tomorrow and Saturday will be six men of outstanding performance. Two of these men will be found in the south-middle of the Fieldhouse participating ip the shot put. Last year George Paskvan placed third in this event with a throw of 48 feet, 7% inches. He is expected to place second this year. Forest "jake" Weber who holds the record for the best shot put of a Boilermaker athlete with a toss of 48 feet, 4 inches will probably place no worse than fourth this year. Last year he placed sixth. lU will be represented in the 880 yard run by Campbell Kane who placed second in last year's meet in Chicago. Kane supports his 170 pounds with a heighth of 6.feet, 3 inches. joe Finch of Northwestern, who is one of the best hurdlers in the conference, will compete in both the high and low hurdles. Finch is picked to place second to Wright of CHiio State. This will be the first year that the low hurdles have been billed as a part of the Indoor rneet. Two of the outstanding broad jumpers present tomorrow will be Bill Lewis of Illinois, and Ted Tycocki of Boilermaker fame. Coach Phillips has predicted a jump of 23 feet, 3 Vi inches for the winner of the everrt. This is only 1 Vz inches farther than Ted's best jump. Due to a bad ankle, Ted may not participate. However if he does, he is expected to do no worse than fourth. Lewis will also run in the dashes in the meet tomorrow, w.h.h.
You Could Write Our Advertising If You Could See OUR Values PURDUE 5 and 10 Across from Po8to|6ice
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE EXPONEIXT
DRY CLEANING Plain Garments Cleaned and Pressed . .
Guaranteed work ddtie at this amazingly low price. Leave yOur garments at our West Side brancli or phone 7807. We call for and deliver at no extra cost^ EAST SIDE CLEANERS 322 Northwetserii Ave. \ Phone 7807