■’?
News Since Sunday...
* WASHINGTON Unexpected . . . . . • protest in the Senate against I provisions of the flood control bill threatened to block plans of the 76th Congress to finish work of its ^ third session by midnight yesterday and rush home immediately for re- ^ election campaigning. Although accepted by the Senate upon first consideration, the measure was challenged Tuesday by t Demacrat Senator Mahoney, Wyoming, as an invasion of states rights, when it came up for final vote.
Four . . . . . . major measures awaited Congress’ disposal yesterday before the legislators could leave Washington: The $3,753,000,000 recovery-re-lief bill—approved by the House and partially okehed by the Senate. The $375,000,000 flood control bill. The $290,346,000 second deficiency bill, passed by the House, pending in Senate, and subject to a conference. A federal unemployment compensation measure for railroad workers.
President Roosevelt . . . . . . scored heavily in his new deal social reform program Tuesday when Congress sent the compromise Wages and Hours Bill to his desk for signing. This act, most important of this session, is designed to establish a 40-hour work week and a 40-cent per hour minimum wage for interstate industries in seven years. House members passed the measure by a 289 to 89 count . . . only a vote by voice was necessary in Senate. Hope for its passage had been almost abandoned after the House killed a similar bill at its special session last fall.
Summer Session Issue Purdue Exponent
Summer Students Enroll Today
4-H*ers Go Home From 20th Round-up More than 2,000 4-H Club boys and girls, local and county leaders, headed back to their homes yesterday afternoon following presentation of awards to winning contestants in ceiemonies which brought to a close the 20th annual 4-H Club Round-Up here at the University. Earning their way to this biggest of all 4-H gatherings in the state by way of county and district elimination, the boys and girls started their contests early Monday morning.
Lloyd Bridges, Russell Hardin, Bud Bryant Plays Tomorrow At Free Reception Mixer
An Even Break . . . . . . for the President in major legislation resulted from the current session of Congress. Roosevelt victories include acts on wages-hours, recovery, crop control, and naval expansion—and Congressional defeat of the Ludlow war and referendum proposal, following Japanese bombing of the United States gunboat Panay. Presidential setbacks were the defeats of government reorganization plans and the new tax act . . . also Congressional refusal to consider his proposals for seven regional planning agencies and to take profit out of war . . . and overriding of his demands that federal highway aid be halved for economy. NATIONAL “I Had A Hunch . . ; . . . the ship was up theie somewhere!” explained youthful gold prospector H. 0. Collier Monday when he told TWA airline officials of finding the wreckage of their airliner which crashed in Yosemite National Park 90 miles east of Fresno, California, March 1. Collier desciibed how the wreckage was strewn over snow-covered ground a few hundred feet below the 9,777 foot high Buena Vista peak, how the plane had been shattered into many pieces, how the pieces had been explosively scattered over a wide area. He told of finding eight bodies lying in the snow many feet from where the plane hit the ground. Tuesday a mule pack train brought back bodies of all nine victims after spending the night plowing through snow covered trails to the wreck scene. Collier will receive TWA’s thousand dollar reward for following his hunch to the mountain top and the shattered airliner.
The World’s Tallest Jail . . . . . . houses Kidnapper Franklin Pierce McCall, who pleaded guilty Tuesday to the abduction charges and not guilty to murder charges (Continued on page 5)
Tomorrow night’s free reception and mixer in the Memorial Union Building will open social activities for the current Summer Session. Purpose of the affair is to get students acquainted as early as possible in the summer term. Serving as an informal get-to-gether arrangem.ert^ the reception part of the program will start at 8 o’clock. The Union will provide refreshments. Bud Bryant and his campus orchestra will begin playing in the Union ballroom at 9 o’clock for a three-hour tag dance. Dates are unnecessary for either the reception or the mixer. All Students Welcome All Summer Session students and faculty members may join m the evening’s activities. Lafayette and West Lafayette girls also are invited to attend the functions. Biyant will play for his initial summer engagement at the mixer tomorrow night. He goes to Ideal Beach June 27 and will continue to play at resorts throughout the summer. Bill Douglas, formerly a pianist in the Bryant band, is returning to the group. He will play several solos, including “Heart of Stone,” at the dance. Next mixer of the Summer Session is scheduled for Friday, July 1, two weeks from tomorrow night.
Prof. O’Sh ea Named World Fair Adviser Professor Harx-iet 0. O’Shea, of the University applied psychology department, has been invited by Director Grover Whalen to be a member of a committee of 100 women to advise the New York World’s Fair for 1939.
and Robert White, of Knightstown, carried away honors in the livestock judging contest, scoring 2032 out of a possible 2400 points. This Henry county team was the product of Veteran Coach A. C. Sharp. White was high point indivdual in
the contest.
In second place was the Decatur county team followed by the LaPox’te, Jay, Hamilton, and Madison county teams. Indiana’s representatives in the National Health Contest at Chicago next December will be Dons Bower, 17, of Hamilton county, and Dale Higgins, 119, of Wells county. Miss Bower and Higgins were selected for the coveted honor of the state’s healthiest boy and girl only after the field of 39 girls and 28 boys had been examined and reexamined. The University Student Health Service conducted the ex-
amination.
A Noble county team, composed of Dale Butz, Tom Renkenberger, and Donald Wolfe, and coached by County Agent M. A. Nye, won the dairy judging contest while Jack Beebe, Warsaw, had the highest individual score. Fulton, Blackford, and Madison county teams placed second, third, and fourth. Winners in the Alpha Gamma Rho leadership contest, an activity for outstanding junior leaders attending the Round-Up, were J. R. Brown, Rush county, Robert Hacker, Marion county, and Ralph Gaier, Blaclcford county. Jimmy Coyle and Richard Fogg from Vigo county won the cup for the best agricultural demonstration. Tippecanoe county Poultry Judges Ben Irwin, Bob Hampton, and Albert Workman won the poultry judging contest while Cedric Utter, Charles Stevens, and Junior Hill from Fulton county had the highest score in the egg judging
contest.
Decatur county corn judges, coached by W. A. McCracken, received top honors in the corn judging contest. Team members were Paul Hoover, Roderick Teterick, and Elmo Redelman. Charles Kennedy and Robert Frantz, members of the Tippecanoe county team, coached by A. A. Dull, were the runners-up in the general agricultural demonstration contest and won the dairy demonstration contest entitling them to a trip to the National Dairy Show. Wesley Foundation Plans Saturday Party Social activities and classes in religion will be an integral part of the summer program of the Wesley Foundation. The social program of the Foundation will begin with a party at the Wesley Foundation building, 435 State Street, Saturday afternoon, starting at 3 p. m. Swimming and boating parties are planned for other week-ends during the summer. h
Registration Procedure
1. Enter on the first floor, main entrance. If you have previously filled out an application, go directly to the Clerk in the lobby. If you have not, get one, fill it out, and present it at the desk. 2. As you are given permission to register, you receive: (a) A schedule card (b) The mimeographed schedule of classes. At one of the writing tables on the second or third floor fill out schedule card in pencil. Go to the table of the department administering each course located in Room 303-304, third floor, south end. Ask the representative of the department to approve the assignment by placing his initials on the card opposite the course. Do this for each course. 3. As soon as you have filled out a satisfactory schedule and have had it approved, go to the tables in the center of the room, or on the second or third floor and ask the attendant for a second schedule card and long registration form and: (1) Make an ink copy of the schedule card and (2) Fill out completely, front and back, the 6-coupon form. 4. Go down the south stairs to the first floor, and take the two schedule cards (original and copy) and the 6-coupon form to the Registrar’s office, room 101, first floor, south end, and present them at the desk to be inspected and stamped. 5. The two schedule cards will be returned to you. Take them to the Cashier’s office, room 102, and pay jour fees and such deposits as may be required. You will receive a receipt and one copy of your schedule card.
Health Champs Boast Of Farm Life
Brown eyes must go with superior health ... at least, that is what more than 2000 4-H boys and girls thought yesterday when Dons Bower and Dale Higgins marched to the Fieldhouse stage to be crowned the healthiest girl and boy m the state of Indiana. Both Doris and Dale come from the farm, and are proud of it. In fact, they think that the outdoor exercise and excellent food that they get there is a part of the key to their success. Yes, they both have sparkling brown eyes and enjoy living. Doris’ perfect white teeth might well be the envy of many a tooth paste advertiser, while Dale’s abundance of freckles and short, sandy, curly hair set him off from the crowd. 99.4 Per Cent Perfect Doris’ 118 pounds and five feet, three and one-fourth inches in height measuies up 99.4 pei i.eiiL perfect according to Drs. Miller, Hall, and Rose of the Student Health Service who did the examining . She lost her six tenths of one per cent on a tooth filling and a slight shoulder abnormality. “Because there are no boys in my family, I’ve always been outside helping my father,” explained well propoitioned, athletically built Dons Bower. “I think that the outside exercise and my Mother’s
excellent cooking are responsible tor my good health.” Dons repiesented Hamilton County here in the state contesr last year . . . lost . . . went home determined to correct her faults . . . came through as this year’s winner. Took Three Times To Win “I had to come back three times before I could win,” said Dale. “Every time before. I’ve had something wrong. First it was my poise and posture. Theil I had a hard time getting my right foot in line and making it go straight. I practiced walking straight as I went back the lane after the cows, until this year I am in the habit of walking correctly.” That he has overcome his weaknesses was evidenced by his score cff 99.3 per cent perfect. He received cuts mainly due to teeth
Attendance Of Nearly 1,200 Seen As registration begins in the Executive Building this morning at 7 o’clock the 1938 Summer Session will officially get underway. If registration already recorded in intensive courses is any criterion, this year’s attendance should exceed last year’s, should probably total about 1,200. Registration will be held in rooms 303 and 304 on the third floor of the new Executive Building and will continue from 7 a. m. till noon, and from 1 p. m. till 4 p. m. Regular fees will total $31 and will be payable at the cashier’s office in the same building. A schedule of classes and courses will be posted in the first floor hall of the Executive Building for reference. Those who have Summer Session Bulletins may refer to the last pages for the same schedule. This year’s summer school will be under the direction of Dr. F. B. Knight, head of the University division of education and applied psychology . He will be assisted by Prof. George E. Davis, of the teacher placement department. Summer Exponent Free On Campus Summer Session Exponents will be published June 21, 24, and 28; July 1, 7, 14, 21, and 28; and August 4 and 11.
iiiiiliXb.
V/UlXVfcO
and is five feet 10 inches tall. What do health champions eat? Their meals are normal . . . they are not the product of any superchef, but students of their mothers’ school of eating. They like sleep and plenty of it and this year’s champs are going right on correcing their mistakes to do their best for the Hoosier state in the National Health Contest at Chicago next December.
Summer Session papers are free to all students and faculty members for the taking. Beginning with the next issue, staff members will distribute copies to various convenient campus buildings where passers-by may help themselves. Exponents will be mailed anywhere in the United States at 50 cents for the summer. No private subscriptions will be delivered by any other method. Circulation men will take subscriptions at registration, in the Executive Building today.
Foresters Encamp At Henryville
By Tom Haynes, For. ’41 Purdue Forestry Camp, Henryville, June 15—I arrived here at camp late last Thursday evening, along with Prof. C. G. Geltz, director of camp, G. C. Spencer, surveying instructor, O. E. Davenport, instructor in dendrology, J. W. Hubler, of the surveying department, and John Van Camp and J. R. Blackwell, two other forestiy students. We came down in two Forestry Camp busses, loaded “to the gills” with equipment. Johnny Van Camp made the trip in a 1921 Model-T and beat us to camp by two hours. We set up cots in the mess hall and the next thing we knew it was 7 o’clock in the morning—and Professor Geltz was trying to wake us up. The three of us were to form the kitchen force, so we got the pleasure of cleaning up camp and
eating some very good meals at the CCC camp located here. Sunday afternoon about 1 o’clock the fellows started coming in. Suits and sports clothes were replaced by brand-new overall pants, work shirts, sheath knives, and work shoes when they found out they had to set up their own tents. Monday morning “Paul Bunyan” Cusp, and old time lumberjack, and Major “Si” Lawson, instructor in sawing, an-ived. These two are famous for their spicy remarks and choice language, and it’s quite difficult to be serious m their company. Shortly after they arrived, we went on an orientation trip m the busses. We visited the CCC camp, and the Clark County N u r s e r y, which IS under the direction of “Fiobty” Miller, For. ’31, of Purdue. Tuesday we actually began oui classes. Dr. B. E. Montgomery, of the entomology department, ai riv-
ed and a regular schedule of classes was carried on. Discipline Maintained Students may leave camp on Wednesday nights, Saturday nights and all day Sunday. Strict discipline is maintained here, even to the inspection of tents. Some of the plans for this eight week’s camp period include an insect collection, a “checkerboard” map of Schlamm Lake and surrounding territoiy, a topographic map of Section 3, a polaris observation, and a final in all coiu’ses. Here at camp we sleep tmder four blankets af night, are hot in the daytime, and hungry all thn time. Mosquitos are conspicuous, by their absence, and the an is tresh and clear. Thirty-one boys are attending camp, while the staff numbers men, including the cooks. TMs*. course gives us eight hours af>, Cl edit, and all work is graded.
V,
i "11
.war,. n'I'#"’ j LTHE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, June 16, 1938
IHf tDITM SOUS: Trying Times . . .
. . . are in prospect for Purdue’s 711 graduates during the next several months. The seniors who already have jobs must orient themselves in the business world, while their less fortunate classmates try to find a place in that world. Some of the fellows without work are goftig to admit a sort of failure after several months’ fruitless search for employment. Out of college for a time, they will find employers suspicious of their abilities, unwilling to grant interviews, much less to offer jobs. On their: own responsibility for perhaps the first time, it’s going to be hard to keep smiling and hoping. A new crop of university graduates will be almost ready for harvest then . . . their personnel contacts will give them first chance at available positions.. Hard times always bring forth a wealth of new ideas for providing service to one’s fellow beings—new ways of doing things, methods for increasing human comfort, entirely new fields of endeavor. Any young man who keeps plugging away with a reasonable amount of foresight can find an opening for himself in the world, and one that will paiy. These graduates without employment are going to learn the truth of the first rule for success, “It isn’t what you know but w’ho you know.” If they use common sense, they’ll try to keep alive the business contacts they now have, and to establish new ones. To the philosopher, there’s one consolation in regard to the 1938 seniors who are still unemployed a year from now and are ready to admit their college education was unsuccessful: They shouldn’t have come to college in the first place.
As A Freshman ... . . . Exponent reporter, we covered the talk by Mrs. William Brown Meloney, editor of the Sunday newspaper supplement Today, on “The Advantages of Beginning Life in Hard Times,” at a University convocation in Eliza Fowler Hall early in 1935. Mrs. Maloney stated four advantages, as we remember it, which fall to the depression (then) graduate,: Businessmen like to employ today’s graduates because they know the realities of life. • It’s no disgrace to be out of a job or to lose a job now. Consequently, the young men and women of today may browse around and experiment until they find a job, that suits them. Friendships which are made today are
Purdue Exponent
MEMBER
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the' Summer Session. Summer mail subscription ,$Q.50.
Editor-In-Ghicf
Business Manager
H. I. Stanback
R. R. Hensler
PUBLICATION STAFF Assistant Editor ^ R. P. Manion Associate Editors R. J. Deckard, Helen Walters Editorial Assistant : W. R. Smith
, BUSINESS STAFF Circulation Manager ; ^ Accounts Manager -
SPORTS STAFF
Sports Editor Associate Editor,
-_W. F. Berg _W. E. Smith
_D. A. Bailey R. Jenkins
MAIN OFFICE 312 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 5037 Business Phone 5038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief.
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY liatioinalMverfeiug Service, ho. College Publishers Refiresenlaiive 420 Madison Ave. New York. N. Y Chicago - Boston - Los Angeles - San Francisco
based on a common attachment found only when there is real hardship, and are durable. The young people of today are not so easily deceived and therefore stand less chance of getting started wrong.
Graduating ... . . . from the University was like leaving home to many of the seniors. After four years here they had made lasting friendships, become accustomed,to University life and surroundings . , . and they found the parting rather sad. One senior remarked, “I could stay around here four more years and still not get tired of the place.” Which may be some consolation to fiveyear men.
UKDDIlieeiLfSIlinGfOl! ...
Dammon - Dimmit C. E. Dammon, assistant personnel director for the University schools of engineering, will be married Sunday in Washington, D. C. to Miss Mildred Dimmitt, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Roy Dimmitt of that city. The bride is a 1931 graduate of Purdue, where her father was a former staff member in the department of education. Dammon is a 1929 graduate of Albion College, Albion, Mich. He came to Purdue asj a speech instructor. In the .spring of'.1934 he became program director of' the University radio .station, WBAA, later was made University counselor for the Committee on Extramural Relations. Since last fall he has held his present personnel po.sition. Scholer - McLeod Miss Lorna McLeod, daughter of Major and Mrs. Stuaif McLeod, of West Lafayette, and Walter Scholer, Jr., son of Mr. and Mrs. Walter Scholer, of Lafayette, were united ■in mai-riage at a pretty summer wedding in the First Baptist Church Monday afternoon. The Rev. Gkiorge A. Ritchie officiated. Bridesmaids were Miss Martha Reed, LaGrange, 111., Miss Hope Reisner, and Miss Janet Pickering, West Lafayette, and Miss Virginia Meguiar of Marion. Miss Marjorie Poor of Lafayette acted as maid of honor. Ushers were H. G. Reisner, Jr., Cecil Isbell, Jack Poor, Robert Pennell, Jack Williams, and Emerson Scholer. F. T. Sheets .served as be.st man. Following the ceremony, a reception was held at the Kappa Kappa Gamma house. The bi-ide received her degree with the class of 1938 on Sunday. She is a membei' of
Kappa Kappa Gamma, Gold Peppers and Mortar Board, and was co-ed executive at the Purdue Union. Scholer was graduated from the University in 1937, being a member of Phi Kappa Psi fraternity, and the Gimlet Club. He also served as executive of the Union in his senior year. He is associated in business with his father, wellknown local architect. Upon their return from a motor trip in northern Wisconsin, the couple will be at their home in the Elmhurst, apartment on State Street, Lafayette, until. the ’ completion of their new home on Valley Road. DeArmond - Riege! Miss Olive May Riegel, junior in the school of science at the University, was married to Paul Worth DeArmond at Louisville, Ky., April 28. The bride is a daughter of Mr. end Mrs. C. ,L. Riegel, qf Escanaba, Michigan, and the bridegi-oom is a son of Mr. and Mrs. J. J. DeArmond of North Judson. DeArmond received his degree from the University dt commencement exercises Sunday. Mrs. DeArmond expects to continue her studies next fall. Her husband is now employed by the Walgreeen Company, in Chicago. Jones - Keaton Miss Marjorie Keaton, a junior in the school of home economics at the University this past year, was married Saturday afternoon at Morristown to Isaac Abbott Jones, Jr., of Attica. The gi'oom was graduated from Attica High School in 1933 and attended Indiana University. He is at present a salesman for the Peerless Supply Company, Indianapolis.
Backward June 16, 1937, Fifteen hundred boys and girls from all sections of the state met here today for the nineteenth annual Boys’ and Girls’ 4-H Round-up. The program will continue through tomorrow and Friday. June 17, 1937. Purdue marked the turn of a quarter of a century of educational service today as approximately 1,100 students i-egis-tered in the Executive Building for the 25th Summer Session. Enrollment foi’ the summer of 1936 was 936. June 19, 1937. Summer Session students may enjoy two social events at the University today: An annual get-acquainted picnic at Ross. Camp at 3 o’clock this afternoon and a reception-mixer in the Memorial Union ballroom from 8:30 to 12 tonight. Johnny Ammerman and his campus band will play for the dance. June 20, 1937. Margaret Dennis, a native Hoosier soprano. Will give the first music convocation of the Summer Session in Eliza Fowler Hall this afternoon at . 4 o’clock. The singer is a graduate of DePauw University and now heads the voice department at Shorter College, Rome, Ga. Prof. Hockema Speaks To Cincinnati Institute Prof. Frank C. Hockema, assistant to President Elliott, spoke in Cincinnati Friday morning before the Institute of Cooking and Heating Appliance Manufacturers, on “Fuel for the Stove Organizations.” Professor Hockema spoke from a factory management standpoint.
Speaking of summer vacations and those who are lucky enough to have them rominds us of the time “Lil” Peterson, Union Grill manager, spent a summer waiting tables in Charlevoix, Michigan. “Pifi Pete” came back to home and mother in September with a cool three hundred dollai’s in tips. How do you suppose she did it, I betcha ....!.
Guvs cross severe hurdles Who date girls who welir those darn things.
Those on the inside track have noticed.,?, new affectation in the Union’s Vallely. It seems “Val” has developed the habit of gazing abstractedly at the ceiling in an heroic elTort to discover “which way is up.”
The turtle lives between two decks Which practicably conceal its sex. I think it clever of the turtle In such a case to be so fertile!
’Tis said that “Army Brat” Lorna McLeod, our ex-Union co-ed exec, turned up five minutes late at her own wedding Monday. With that much time to think it over it’s a wonder that Groom Walt Scholer, ex-Union executive, didn’t reconsider. Paid Ad; To whom it may concern. I want a date with KATHRYN SNYDER — Signed: Macshehanodjwicz (Alias J. R. McC).
Roses are red, Violets are blue. This column smells. But look who’s writing it.
Famous last lines: “Flunk, not me, I came to Summer School for a good time!”
Knapp Goes To Illinois Prof. W. A. Knapp, assistant dean of engineering, left Tuesday for the University of Illinois to attend the annual fire training school in session there for three days.
NEW MAIN STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
PLUS —The Season’s Big Laugh-Love and Thrill Rally! ST’S A DOZEN ROSE BOWL THRILLERS ROLLED INTO
Pr.icoted b> WARNER DROS. Hitb JUNE TRAVIS. WILLIAM HOPPER. JOHNNIE DAVIS MABEL TODD.GORDON OLIVER • wCrtM Pwy by Wra. Jtcobi uii AoUiony Coldoway • 0t(£lnal Story by Wm iNObf»Music aai ^rtci by H. K. /mtmo I Jack SeboM • A First Nal'i f Icturo
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By LicHty
-r 4
1 Copr. 1938 by United Featnre Syndicate, Ine. - — ...■?■ r— i.
“It’s All Fools’ Day, sir—shall I pull your chair from under you?”
Dartmoifh GoHcgo, scene of many dcbate.3 on the value of the present-day college fraternity system, has a new program for regulation of Greek letter oiy.anizations. Beginning n'-xt year, a threeyear program to re-duce the maximum number of moiubers for each organization to C5 will be. in-rug-urate d. Starting next fall no one house may pledge more then 2 students from a sin.gle class. This I'ule svill hold in force the following year, and then at the st"rt of 1940-41 any number may . be pledged to bring the total to 55. Hereafter all pled.ging will be done in the office of Davis Jackson, adviser to fraternities. After 1940 no fraternity may have on its rolls more than five students who are exempt or partly exempt from paying fraternity dues and taxes. Henceforth no student who is on probation shall be eligible to be pledged to a fraternity.
Students at Ohio State University opened their own center of entertainment, the Mirror Lake Night Club, because they were either unvilling or unable to afford the cost of dinin.g and dancing at Columbus night spots. This new campus club has several distinctive features to set it apart from professional competition. 1. No matter what the request for refreshment's the answer is always, “fruit flavored punch and pop.” 2. Curfew rings at 11:30 p. m. 3. Finally, the chief reason for existence: Price of admission is 25c per couple. lil . =ii III * i ‘■^Yep, ’"e ought to have hiore test::;—if we had more of them the monotony of the instructor’s lectures would be broken because with the tests to give you your grade, you don’t have to pay such close attenlion in class.” Wayne Wild, South Dakota State College student, has a new slant on the ever-pre-sent examination debate.
TODAY & FRIDAY
5 DAYS
—Starting— SATURDAY
A COLUMBIA PICTURE —Plus—
LUMA TODAY - FRI. - SAT. TARTLING MYSTERY!
arfiTl*''-—-SUNDAY
EXCITEMENT! Torn from today’s headlines!
co-starring MADELEIME CARROLL HENRY FONDA with LEO CAR -ILO and JOHN HALLIDAY Released thru United ArtistsThursday, June 16, 1938
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Students Receive llniversitv Degrees
Special Awards Go To Four 1938 Seniors
Announcement of the annual awards to outstanding graduates provided one of the features of last Sunday’s graduation ceremony. The Big Ten medal for combined proficiency in scholarship and athletics was awarded to
Martin Schreycr, of South Bend, captain and tackle on last fall’s football eleven. Schreyer, who was graduated from the school of science, has accepted a position with the Pittsburgh Steel Co.
Donald D. Baals Most effective speaker
Catherine Ann Cromer Outstanding education student
W. F. Miller Wrist Watch
Chi Omega ^25 Cash Prize
W. F. Miller award of a wrist watch in memory of his son, awarded to the senior mechanical engineer who shows the greatest efficiency in presenting a technical subject to a group of technical and non-technical men, went to Donald Baals, of Fort Wayne.
of
The Chi Omega cash prize $25.00, for the outstanding senior woman majoring in education on the basis of scholarship, personality, and attitude toward education, was awarded to Catherine Ann Cromer, of West Lafayette.
Bernard L. Everett Best creative dramatist SouthwortiV Engraved Plaque Bernard Everett, of South Bend, won the Ray M. Southworth award given to a graduating senior for outstanding creativeness and achievement in dramatic roles. His name will be engraved on a plaque to be hung in the Union Building.
56 Boilermaker Maior Lettermen Graduate
Commencement ceremonies last Sunday marked the conclusion of the collegiate careers of 56 Boilermaker major lettermen in eleven varsity sports, one of the heaviest tolls which graduation has demanded in recent years. Of this number, one, Johnny Sines, Lafayette, was the only threesport monogram winner, while five men made letters in two
varsity sports.
Jlirkci may ter SAM i:
Jantzen has created a marvelous new fabric for men’s trunks. It is known as Wisp-o-tvelght, pure wool and Lastex yarn, and is made only by Jantzen. These new trunks are remarkably light and soft, yet rugged in wear. They fit better than any trunks you have ever worn and dry very quickly. Like all Jantzens, they are smartly designed, perfectly tailored. Step in and see them. Priced from $2.95 to $5.95.
DECKER'S 518 MAIN ST.
Commencement ceremonies last Sunday marked the conclusion of the collegiate careers of 56 Boilermaker major lettermen in eleven varsity sports, one of the heaviest tolls which graduation has demanded in recent years. Of this number, one, Johnny Sines, Lafayette, was the only three-sport monogram winner, while five men made letters in two varsity sports. In numbers the football squad was hit the hardest, with 14 losses. Half of these were members of the starting lineup last fall. Don Powell, Foi-t Wayne, and James Zachary, Princeton, leave the end posts vacant, while the “tackle twins,” Marty Schreyer and Clem Woltman. South Bend, and Andy Grant, Terre Haute, guard, wipe out most of the remainder of the line. The Isbell brothers, Cecil and Cody, halfbacks from Houston, Tex., are the other two regulars who have finished their careers. Other gridders who graduated: Andy Botney, Glen Rogers, W. Va.; Robert Faris, Indianapolis; Joe Fitzgerald, Ravenna, Ohio; Woodlov Knorr, St. Louis, Mo.; Harry Kiau.se, Chicago, Illinois; Lowell Decker, Reading, Mich.; and Robert Selby, Mansfield, Ohio.
Basketball Trio
Three basketball stais who played a major part in bringing the Big Ten championship to Purdue this year have completed their efforts Jor the Boilermakers, along with four others who played less, but were also major letter winners. The big' three is made up of Jewell Young, Lafayette, who set the Conference recol'd for points scored
in one, two, and three years; Johnny Sines, Lafayette, and Pat Malaska, Crawfordsville. Also graduated are Carroll Mangas, Union City; Ercell Cummings, Lafayette; Vincent Holloway, Battle Ground, and John Bruce, Peru. Coach Fehring’s troubles seem the least, as he loses only four active diamond men in Carroll Mangas, pitcher; Hamy Krause, catcher, Joe Waling, Bi’ook, first baseman, and Marty Johnson, Hammond, relief pitcher. Others who made their baseball letters include Captain Thomas Breslin, Shrewsbury, Mass., who was on the bench all season after suffering a broken ankle in early spring practice, with Young, Sines, and Malaska, who played first base, short stop and center field, respectively, on the 1937 team. Co-captain Bob Lemen, Indianapolis, Big Ten and state low hurdle champion; co-captain Charles Terhune, Indianapolis, quarter-miler; Roger DeLong, V\^aukesha, Wis., dashman; and W. E. Curran, Hammond, javelin thrower, are the major track losses. Others who graduated: Bill Fifield, Crown Point; Jack Goory, Indianapolis; Jack Shideler, Indianapolis, Grant, and Sines. Five members of the national championship pistol team graduated: E. N. Cox, Patriot; P. B. Ewing, West Lafayette; J. W. Greiner, West Lafayette; L. K. Schoon, Gary, and W. B. Wolverton, Hinsdale, 111. Fencing Losses Heavy One of the hardest hit squads is Coach Finney’s fencing team, with six veterans lost, including V. W. Antuschko, Trenton, N. J.; J. S. McWilliams, New Albany; R. L. Matthews, South Bend; W. H. Reynolds, West Lafayette; J. W. Seaborg. South Bend, and L. C. Sellers, Kokomo.
Annual Commencement Exercises Attract 7,000 Seven hundred and eleven bachelor and advanced degrees, including three honorary degrees as Doctors of Science, were conferred at the sixty-fourth annual commencement exercises held in the University Fieldhouse last Sunday with a capacity attendance of over 7,000 persons. The graduating class, representing 81 counties in Indiana, 34 states, and eight foreign countries, in reality totalled 847, as it officially included 136 students who completed their scholastic work at the end of the Summer Session last year and at the end of the first semester of the academic year just closed.
Harrison M. Stine Highest chemistry student Major Walker ^100 Cash Award Harrison M. Stine, of Charlotte, N. C., won the Major Theodore P. Walker award of $100.00, given to the student eligible to election in Phi Lamda Upsilon, honorary chemical engineering fraternity, who has maintained the highest scholastic average during his four years.
Swimming and water polo seniors were R. A. Fuller, Maywood, 111.; G. H. Kerber, Park Ridge, 111.; R. E. Muntz, Port Washington, Long Island, New York, and J. R. VanDelester, Hammond. Squash losses include John Lucek, Cleveland, Ohio, former western intercollegiate champion; K. M. Linn, West Lafayette, and Maury Wakefield, Shelbyville, Ky. Tennis players who ended their playing careers here are L. Brodsky, Lafayette; L. Gardner, Whiting; F. Traylor, Evansville, and Wakefield. Captain Karl Freese, Nappanee, heads the golf losses. Coach Reeck will miss only one member of his wrestling team, Chptain R. C. Hoffman, Wabash. y Six of the graduating lettermen were in two or more sports. Johnny Sines, recently appointed athletic director at Mount Veimon High School, was a major award winner in basketball, baseball and track. Andy Grant won letters in football and track; Hari’y Krause in football and baseball; Pat Malaska, Carroll Mangas, and Jewell Youngeach in basketball and baseball.
'Frosty* Fields Accepts Superintendentship Forest E. “Frosty” Fields, PE ’37, and assistant in the intramural department, accepted a position as superintendent of WPA recreation at Macomb, 111., it was announced today. He will be also in charge of programs m three other surrounding towns in the area. The appointee served as captain of the squash racquets team m his senior year and won the participation trophy for his all-round activity in intramural programs.
The graduates yesterday were divided among the various schools as follows: Science, 88; home economics, 73; agriculture, 67; forestry, 19; mechanical engineering, 177; civil engineering, 34; electrical engineering, 76; chemical engineering, 75; public seiwice engineering, 9; industrial education, 7; pharmacy, 24; physical education, 8. The 55 advanced degrees conferred included 12 as Doctor of Philosophy. In addition to the academic degrees, 148 students who satisfactorily completed the advanced military course were commissioned as second lieutenants in the field artillery reserve corps of the U. S. Army, and a few others will receive their commissions upon attaining their majority or completing certain training camp I’equirements. The exercises were opened with the processional by the Purdue symphonic band, followed by the commencement procession and the prelude. Dr. William Alfred Millis, president emeritus of Hanover College, delivered the invocation. The conferring of degrees by schools, awarding of commissions, and the announcement of the annual awards was followed by the induction of the class of 1938 into the Pui'due Alumni Association by Burr S- Swezey, of Lafayette, president of the association. The singing of “Hail Purdue” by the graduating class, the benediction by Dr. Millis, and the recessional by the Purdue band brought the exercises to a close. University Confers Honorary Dr. Of Science Degrees Purdue conferred three honorary Doctor of Science degrees at the annual commencement exercises last Sunday—awarded them to Mrs. Henrietta Willard Calvin, of Acton, nationally known figure in the field of home economics education; Dean Henry Luke Bolley, of Fai’go, N. Dak., and Herbert Newby McCoy, of Los Angeles, Calif., nationally known chemist. Mrs. Calvin served as head of the Purdue koine economics department from 1908 to 1912. She retired only a few months ago after an illustrious career in her chosen field of home economics education to live with her daughter in Acton. Dean Bolley, a native Hoosier who vas graduated from Purdue in 1888, is internationally known for his work in plant breeding and disease control at North Dakota Agricultural College. Dr. McCoy, a (Continued on page 6)
President Elliott Includes This Message V/ith Diplomas
Following the custom established several years ago, Purdue’s graduates 'heard no formal commencement address, but each diploma was accompanied with the following printed statement from President E. C. Elliott: “During four yeans, more or less, you have travelled over that section of the road of your life called Purdue. This road, paved with the selected experiences, the tested intelligences, and the unselfish ideals of the builders of our nation, you chose as the one that did lead to your desired destination. Though rough and winding in places, the road was well marked. Even so.
many of those who started with you did not finish the journey. Some ‘Hitchhiked’ “The most of you progressed under your own power. Occasionally some had to be helped back on the road. Now and then there were cases that might be referred to as hitchhiking for short distances. Withal you are here and, roadwise, you are anticipating the adventures of the next stage of the travelling. “You have now reached a junction point from which there go numerous roads, some old, some new, into the region of the future. Whichever one you take, the going
is certain to be difficult. The storms of civilization that have raged the past twenty years have nearly destroyed some, and rendered impassable others, of the older roads to opportunity and achievement, much travelled by the youth preceding you. None of the roads is reported to be in good condition. Fifty Year Plan Of Life “From your doing and dreaming in Purdue 'you have developed a plan of life. If complete, this a fifty-year plan. May this plan be energized to realization by determination, by industry, and by insight. May this plan be executed
with a full realization that, during the years ahead, as now, the greatest of all the problems of work, of science, of life is: Why men behave as they do in the presence of the grim realities of human prejudices, passions, partisanships, and pessimisms. This is, indeed, a problem f )r alt of those fortunate enough to begin the next stage of the journey with your preparation. Unless men and women, such as you, contribute a full share toward the solution of this problem, for \ ourselves and for others, the world will ask — Why the University?”
Elliott Pen Skips, Roper Gets Unsigned Diploma By the Roving Reporter President Edward C. Elliott signs about 1,000 diplomas a year, but until last Sunday he had never signed one on the day of graduation exercises. And imagine the feelings of George Roper, mechanical engineering student, when he opened his sheepskin after parading across the commencement stage in the Fieldhouse and found the president’s signature missing. George waited until ceremonies were over, then went up and asked for reservicing of the graduation certificate for which he had paid $5. Over to his office in the Executive Building and to his bottle of India ink President Elliott took Roper for the all-important signing . . . and for a 20-minute chat afterward.
/>■ tVi, ^ A 'N . =? -- ^ ilSP-MIllfill LASTEX AND WOOL With such airy lightness, such thistledown softness—it’s almost incredible that a swim suit could be so firm in its girdle fit. Truly a ivhp of weight wit b pounds of pgure control. Here are suits of sparkling originality, meticulously tailored to achieve the fashionable classic lines. Jantzen V/isp-o-weight suits of soft quick-drying resilient wool b'lc Laslt-x j arn kn'eted in by a new and exclusive Januen process. DECKER'S 518 MAIN ST.THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, June 16, 1938
Musical And Radio Activities Announce Auditions
Chorus Candidates
Rehearse Tonight
Musical activities for the 1938 Summei'- Session will get away to a flying stait tonight at 8 o’clock, when Diiector Albeit P Stewait holds an organization meeting and reheaisal in Eliza Fowler Hall All students mteiested in singing in the Suminei Session choius aie asked to lepoit in Fowler Hall at that time, enteimg by the north door Stewart is expecting a turnout of aiound 50 people foi the choius The choius will make seveial pub he appeal ances, including two outdooi songfests in the Stadium Stewait inaugurated these outdooi evening sings foui yeais ago, and since they have been held in the Stadium attendance has leached as high as 3,000 oi 4,000 persons
Let the Folks Back Home Know What You’re Doing
WBAA Aspirants Tryout Monday
the Purdue Exponent
Mailed Anywhere - 50c
Auditions foi all types of woik on the Umveisity radio station, WBAA duiing the Summei Session will be conducted next Monday, at 5 p m, accoidmg to an announcement yesteiday by Gilbert Dunbai Williams, progiam di lector of the station All students interested in announcing sciipt wilting and pio giam pioduction aie asked to be piesent foi the auditions at the WBAA studios on the thud flooi of the Electiical Engineeimg Build ing Those mteiested in announc mg aie paiticulaily asked to le poit Plans foi the WBAA piograms foi the summei include the contmu ation of the diamatic piogiam. Radio Stage ” which has been on the ail continuously for three and one half yeais—always at 1 o’clock on Satuiday, wmtei and summei Sam Maiks will supeivise the piogiam
vetutLif^a
aaeae
f
:atL
PicauaM.
• Second Hand And New Books Any Book For Any Course • All Lab And Classroom Supplies Supplies For Every Course • Souvenirs Pennants, Stickers, All Types of Souvenirs • Tennis Equipment Rackets, Balls, Shoes, Everything • Golf Supplies Clubs, Balls, Shoes, Socks, Etc. • All Types Of Sport Goods
Toiletries
»Etc. Yes, So on. We Have Everything for a College Education
H. G. ‘Deac’ REISNER
BOOK STOREThursday, June 16, 1938
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
News Since Suuday...
(Continued from page 1) before a special grand jury in Miami, Florida’s Dade county courthouse. Indictment on these counts came after McCall admitted the kidnapping of 5-year-old James Bailey Cash from his Princeton home May 28, and after authorities found the boy’s body 12 days later. Kidnapping in Florida is a capital offense, consequently the hard-er-to-prove murder charge may not be pressed. McCall, 21-year-old truck driver, collected $10,000 ransom, but authorities recovered and returned all but $5.
apart in the culmination of a long factional war. Martin suspended five members of the board, including Vice President Richard T. Frankensteen, then warned six other members who walked out on the meeting in protest that they were laying themselves open to “possible suspension.” Martin charged that the suspended members had violated his 20 point program for UAW harmony which the board had unanimously approved less than a month ago. “The irresponsible group (suspended officers) gives leadership to a minority which brings reproach on the union,” said Martin. The gist of his press talks inferred that the suspended ones didn’t see eye to eye with him concerning just where, when, and how to strike.
Sing Sing “College” . . . . . . contemplates the addition of travel lectures to its educational curriculum soon — perhaps as a substitute for the real thing, but certainly not as inspiration for convict vacationing. Jailbroken ex-stock-broker Richard Whitney will probably serve as one of the lecturers. His pay, incidentally, has recently been trebled—to 15 cents a day.
Commencement Exercises . .. . . . took the spotlight in' seven Indiana institutions of higher learning Sunday and Monday. Over 3,000 seniors received their diplomas during ceremonies held at Purdue, Indiana, Butler, DePauw, Franklin, Earlham, and Huntington. BUSINESS “Insurrection” . . . . . . charged President Homer Martin Monday when his United Automobile Workers boai'd split wide
Casey “Tricked” . . . . . . the government Monday, and if you don’t believe it just ask him. “Yassuh,” he’ll answer, “I sure fooled ’em. I wrote ’em a letter tellin’ ’em what I was gonna do, and then I gets one of them notary public people to sign it too.” Casey, a North Carolina negro, is proud of the way he “tricked” the government into taking back $49.10 of relief money, which he received to repair his taxicab and which the repaired hack has now earned back for him. “I always gotta pay back folks what I owe ’em,” explains Casey adding that the government is no exception.
Accidents Claimed 106,000 . . . . lives in 1937 reported the National Safety Council this week—a total more than twice as great as the number of American lives lost in the World War. The estimated economic loss from all accidents totalled $3,600,000,000, or enough to build 75 Empire State Buildings. Motor ac-
FULL SAIL AHEAD And to do this everything must be right — the wind, the sail, just everything. But even with full sail ahead, how far would you go, how fast would you go, if the boat wasn’t in good condition? Much the same holds true concerning your car. Full speed ahead may mean you creep along, or it may mean you glide along with ease. Take your choice—and if you want to glide, just let us know. We’ll arrange it for you! PETER ANDERSON CO. After You We Come First 525 Alabama Phone 4048
cidents accounted for 39,500 deaths during the same period. WAR 150.000 Chinese . . . ... in the Chengchow district along the Lunghai Railroad in central China are reported drowned by the still-rising flood waters of the Yellow River. Kaifeng, provisional capital of Honan, with a 200.000 population, is reported under 20 feet of water while the fate of 7,000 Japanese troops in the city is unknown. Despite 370 miles of dikes along its banks the Yellow River has caused tremendous havoc to the Chinese. In 1877 more than a million were drowned, and in 1898, 1,500 towns and villages were swept away. Three thousand square miles of land were iniindated during the 1935 flood. Seventy million Chinese live along the Yellow River. Japan, stopped in central China by floods, started a 215-mile drive up the Yangtze River to capture Hankow, provisional Chinese capital, by occupying Anking Tuesday. Japanese warships steamed upstream from Anking to within 35 miles of Matowchen where the Chinese have erected the first barrier, blocking the river to Hankow. United States Gunboat Monocacy is standing by near the capital despite Japanese orders to evacuate the river. Admiral Harry E. Yarnell, commander of the United States Asiatic fleet, says he will send American ships any place where Americans are endangered.
rebels occupied Castellon province, 50 miles to the north. Every building in Valencia is reported filled with the homeless loyalist refugees. Rebel planes continued to bomb Barcelona, Valencia, and the retreating government soldiers. The loyalist forces are digging in at Valencia for what many believe will be their last stand.
FOREIGN Joseph P. Kennedy, . , . . . . United States ambassador to London, sailed for America yesterday principally to see his son graduate from Harvard but also to give President Roosevelt the latest information on European difficulties. Before embarking on the S. S. Queen Mary, Kennedy discussed, in detail, the Spanish civil war complications and the minority troubles in Czechoslovakia with English Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain; Foreign Secretary Viscount Halifax; and the Italian, German, and French ambassadors.
land and Perros-Guirec island. Colonel Lindbergh, his wife, and their two sons are guests of the American scientist. Dr. Alexis Carrel, on St. Glides island. There is no immediate danger for the flier or his family, however, since the letters came from America, being sent by persons who believed Bruno Hauptmann innocent of the kidnapping of Lindbergh’s fifst son. The letters held the colonel partly responsible for Hauptmann’s execution.
Notices
Life Gaards: All people desiring to be life guards at the Purdue swinjming pool should report at room 111 of the Fieldhouse. —CLEVETT
Singer Turns Fireman . . . . . . and quenches blaze without losing a note. Beniamino Gigli, Italian tenor, accidentally lit a real fire in a stage stove during a performance of “La Boheme” in London, then nonchalantly stepped into the wings, got two buckets of water, and put out the fire. Princess Helena Victoria and Princess Marie Louise, cousins of King George, were in the audience.
stamp Collectors: The Lafayette Philatelic Society will hold meetings every Wednesday night during the summer. For the rest of this month the meetings will be conducted m the Tippecanoe County Historical Society rooms at 11th and Main streets. Lafayette. All collectors are cordially invited to attend these meetings. —MILLEK
Classified Ads Furnished room available in private home any time after June loth for one or two Purdue graduates. Write or call Mrs. H. D. liVarner, 323 King Avenue, Detroit, Michigan. Trinity 2-0908. PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Konrad Henlein’s . . . . . . Sudeten German party, overwhelmingly victorious in Sunday’s municipal election in Czechoslovakia, indicates it may demand a formal plebiscite on its autonomy claims. This, despite Czech Premier Milan Hodza’s agreement to negotiate with the German party on Henlein’s demands for the “right of self-determination of races.”
Refugees . . . . . . numbering 15,000 streamed into Valencia Tuesday, as Spanish
Threatening Letters . . . ... to Charles A. Lindbergh this week caused French authorities to detach gendarmes to patrol the French coast between Paimpol is-
Sch ool Supplies
at
REDUCED PRICES See Us First, Before You Buy, And Save Purdue 5c to ^1.00 Store West Lafayette
J§l^ oiM TEXT BOOKS AT
Southworth’s I . . . Largest Used College Text Book Stock in the West.
The “Complete” Bookstore That Can Supply Your Every Need and Demand for Textbooks and Supplies.
SOUTHWORTH’S
You will enjoy the Courtesy and Convenience of a well-managed store while you are saving Time and Money. Trade
at Southworth’s this Summer.
Everything for the Purdue StudentTHE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, June 16, 1938
rl
I
Jl
Baseball, Four Minor Sports To Occupy Summer Days
Tournaments Scheduled For Students Foul minoi spoit activities aie planned foi the summei teim by Chief Clevett head of the intramuial depaitment Golf, tennis, badminton, and hoiseshoe tournaments amII be held duiing the couise of the summei Entiy blanks foi each of these aie posted on the bulletin boaid acioss fiom the checkout looin in the basement of the Fieldhouse Appiopiiate aw aids vill be piesented the win neis in the contests Golf will be played on the public golf couise Tickets may be purchased at the special student late at Cal'S Hall, the Union Building, 01 at the checkout desk There is no entry fee. Practically the same plans apply to badminton, hoiseshoe, and tennis The fiiist tennis tournament will be men’s singles, while mixed doubles will probably be added to the program later League Standings \merican League Won Lost Pet Cleveland _ 30 19 612 New York 29 19 604 Boston _ __ 28 21 571 Washington 28 26 519 Detroit 25 26 490 Philadelphia __ 23 26 469 Chicago 18 27 400 St Louis 15 32 319 Yesterdaj’s Results Cleveland, 6, Washington, 4 New York, 6, Chicago, 4 Boston, 7, St Louis, 4 Philadelphia, 7, Detroit, 6 National League
Won
Lost
Pet
Nev York _
__ 32
18
640
Chicago
_ 31
21
596
Cincinnati‘S
25
22
532
Pittsbui gh
__ 25
22
532
Boston
23
22
511
St Louis
22
26
458
Brooklyn^*'
__ 21
28
429
Philadelphia
__ 12
32
273
* Does not include night game Yesterday’s Results Pittsburgh, 2, New York, 0 Boston, 2, Chicago, 0 St Louis, 9, Philadelphia, 7 Cincinnati at Brooklyn (Night
game)
W/f?s 2nd Prize
Billiards Tournaments Commence Tomorrow Two billiards tournaments will be started tomorrow in the billiaid 100 mof the Union Building In each of them, billiards and pocket billiards, eleven men have entered up to this time, but the entries are still open. Those already entered in billiards include R Stieibmger, J E Zachary, F E Button, A. Swope, Jl , E L Gingrich, M G Ross, J E Bieese, J C Metzger, J E Block, H G Wilson, and H L Swank In the pocket billaids G Mueller, J E Zachary, F E Button, H J Lucas, A Swope, Ji , E L Gingrich, J C Metzger, H Peteison, J R Bachman, H G Wilson, and H L Swank have placed then names on the list Half Of University Grads Employed Despite the general widespread unemployment, half of the 711 persons who received diplomas Sun day at the University commence iiient exercises had positrons, practically all of them in the fields for which they were trained This was the announcement to day following tabulation of a job survey made as the graduates were forming for the academic piocession preceding commencement The 50 percent was in comparison to 68 percent last year, when employment was considei ably better Purdue officials in charge of this work predicted that at least three fourths of the remainder would be employed before the end of the summei
Script
A radio script written and produced over WBAA last summer in the radio classes at the University recently was judged second prize winner in a national scholastic contest sponsored by NBC, accord ing to word received by Dr AH Momoc head of the speeeh divi =ion fiom Miss Blanche Youn^, of Indianapolis, who taught the radio classes las-^ summei and who will be back foi similai work this ycai Miss Gietchen Smith, of Fort Wayne prepared the script which placed in the runner up position in the nat on wide contest The script also was used in South Side high school at loit Wayne Miss \ oung plans to take those who enroll toi the radio course this week to Chicago o\ei the week end for d Msit to NBC studios as was done last year This is a part of the ladio program planning and broadcasting couise
University Confers— (Continued tionr page 3) natire of Richmond was graduated fiom the Purdue school of seien e in 1892 and received his master’s de giec a year later He has followed a long caieei m chemistry, both in industry and education He seired on the faculties at North Dakota, Utah, and the Univeisity of Chicago from 1901 to 1917 He left the educational field to head the Car no tite Reduction (oip, of Chicago, and held that post until 1923 when Ire was made vice-pi esident of the Lindsey Light Company, of Chi cago
^€44^
\\M\um PRIlSlED SIAIIONERY Cusp yvhite bon 1 paper light as a biee/e to save postage pennies Sti iped envelope lin mgs gay as a garden in Blue qua,, Dubonnet or Gray' 200 SINGLE SHEETS 100 ENVELOPES OR 100 DOUBLE SHEETS 100 ENVELOPES
Including Name and Address on Sheets and Envelopes in Blue Brown or Black Saves Postage! You can send 10 Single Sheets 01 5 Double Sheets for only 3c 01 dinar y postage or 6e An Mail HAYWOOD'S Ly Cl y thing foi the office” 1 illh A f erry Sts, Lafayette, Ind PHONE 1085
■ielder’s....! ....choice I _By Don Railev ^ Bob Lemen, hurdler, and Art Bodeau, half miler, will represent Purdue at the natronal collegrate track meet tomorrow and Saturday at the Universrty of Mrnnesota Lemen, Brg Ten 220 yard hurdle champion, will be seeking revenge for his only defeat of the year by an opposing player when he matches strides with blond Fred Wolcott, of Rice Institute Wolcott defeated Lemen in the central collegiate meet last week, but it took a neyv track record to do it. Lemen placed second (Incidentally we yvould like to correct our colleagues who thought Lemen undefeated until last week Bob placed second to Steve Gutting of Purdue in the 220 loyv hurdles on May 14 in a track meet against Marquette ) — F C — Fifteen thousand advance tickets have been sold for the NCAA, which the Minnesota officials say will be the greatest ever held Although the Trojans, eastern collegiate champions and last year’s national champs, reign as heavy favorites, this depaitment believes Southern California will be hard pressed to finish second — F C — Johnny Woodruff, brilliant negro star, and Frank Ohl, sprinter and jumper, should giye the Pitt Panthers enough first place points in the short runs to offset Southern Cab forma’s strength in the field events Chuck Fenske and Walter Mehl, distance runners, will make Wisconsin a thieat while Woodstra and Greer should keep Michigan State near the top. , -F CAinold Biedewatei, pitcher, Ross Dean, right fielder, and Joe Waling, first baseman, are playing ball this summei with the Wichita, Kans, Water Works team, and, incident ally, working for that concern Felix Mackiewicz and Tom Dickinson, also members of this year’s team, are playing with the local entrant in the Indiana Ohio League, while Harry Krause, Boilermaker catcher, IS in New York for a two weeks tryout with the Giants — F C — Joe Moore, John Ripple and Hank Leiber, New York Giants, hit at a cool 185 clip during the last seven games that the Terry club played in the west, yet the National League champs won fiye games, lost one, and tied the other You can’t beat a team like that Joe Moore yvas the norst offender, failing to hit safely in his last 17 times at bat
Marty Schreyer Wins Annual Big 10 Medal
Marty Schreyer, captain of the ’37 football team and star tackle foi three years, is the recipient of the annual Big Ten medal foi the senior who shows the greatest proficiency in scholarship and athletics duiing his college year Not only has Schreyer led the football team, which climaxed the career of this year’s seniors with a 13-7 triumph over the Hoosieis, bringing the Old Oaken Bucket back to the Purdue campus, but he has also been an outstanding student His one proud boast is that he never intention ally cut a class since he entered the University
Ross Camp To Challenge CampusTeam Baseball will be featured again this summei on the athletic program, as the summei school student will vie with the Civil engineers who are spending the season at Ross Camp in another five game home-and-home series According to an announcement by Prof M L Clevett, who is in charge of the sports activities, everyone who wishes to play on the summei school nine is invited to sign up on the entrance list on the bulletin board across from the checkout room in the basement of the Fieldhouse A captain will be chosen for the summei school team shortly after practice begins Outside of the games with Ross Camp, the team will probably meet several other teams from surrounding teiiitoiy, as they have in the past Practice IS tentatively scheduled for 4 30 Monday, Wednesday, and Friday of each week on the varsity field north of the Fieldhouse, starting next Monday The first game will probably be about the first of July Last year the summei school team took three games out of the five game senes It won the first tilt 13 8, dropped the second 9 4, then won the next two 3 2 and 1 0 respectively, and lost the extra game 7 1 Three of the games were played on Intramural field and two at Ross Camp
Crown Cleaning Service is More Necessary in Summer Than Any |Other Time
It’s harder to keep a prim personal appearance in summer — but Crown can help you Wash Suits and other summer suitings given expert attention Flannel Trousers cleaned without shrinkage
FINE
CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES Top of Hill, On the Corner
No Need To Fee! That Way - - -
- - - Just Let Us Keep Your Clothes Cleaned And Pressed This Summer. West Side Cleaners Pick Up and Delivery Service North at Vine Phone 4081
641 Main St. Lafayette
432 Vine St. W, Lafayette
symmci! sTUDEnis
Have a good time this summer, and to help your good time we recommend American Laundry for laundry, hat cleaning, dry cleaning, and shoe repair \0^/( discount on all laundry brought in and called for at our West Lafayette office Pick up and delivery service if desired Call 3805
flmcRicfln ifloiiDfiy.'"a
wmm
Thursday, June 16, 1938
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
' Thurston To ' Teach Family ’ Education
Miss Flora Thurston, Cornell 4 University assistant professor of family life, will visit the campus from June 17 until July 2 to direct an intensive course in “The Philo- ^ sophy of Family Education.” The arrangements for this course were made by the home economics department. The course includes problems ot personal and social development of home economics teacheis, the relation of contemporary culture and ^ community life to individual and family welfaie, and the development of the secondary curriculum to include instruction relating to family life. Miss Thurston has served as the executive secretary for the National Council on Parent Education.. Last semester she completed work #on a doctorate at Columbia University. Graduates may receive two hours of credit or by staying an addi■♦tional week may receive three credit hours. Anyone who desires to attend various sessions of the class will be admitted.
Summer Play Tryouts Set For Saturday Tryouts for the summer season of plays, to be given out doors in RossAde Stadium on two evenings, have been announced for Saturday afternoon from 1 to 3 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall. H. Kenn Carmichael, University director of dramatics, will supervise readings for the cast parts, and those interested in business and production work are to sign up for the committees they are most interested in. Students interested in the dramatic work for this summer are asked to report at the Playshop office in Fowler Hall between the hours of 1 and 3. Choose Four Or Five Four or five one-act plays will be chosen from the group of seven now being considered. Among them is “The Mayor and the Manicure,” by Author George Ade, ’92, a classic composition in comedy by the inimitable Ade. Booth Tarkington, also a former Purdue student, is the author of “The Trysting Place,” another drama on the list. “The Dear Departed,” the story of a man who pretends to die in
Cool off
Yet
Keep In Style 0 Sport Shirt ^ Slacks Sport Coats
Inc In the Village
Welcome . . . Summer Students . . . For the most complete line young rnen’s furnishings, clothing or sports wear - see
CLOTHES SHOP INC.
New Alumnus Is Dedicated To Ross The David E. Ross issue of the Purdue Alumnus is being distributed this week. The cover presents another campus landmark— the old Pharmacy building, sketched by Mrs. Betty Lark-Horovitz, wife of Professor K. Lark-Horo-vitz, head of the physics department. Feature article of this Alumnus is the story of the David Ross banquet and a reproduction of the McCutcheon cartoon of Purdue’s Favorite Son, which was included in the testimonial book now on display in the Purdue library. The May issue includes the proposed changes in the by-laws of the Purdue Alumni Association. Pictures of the special class reunions are shown, along with a list of over a thousand who attended the Gala Week program. Lingo In Fort Wayne Joseph L. Lingo, safety specialist on the Public Safety Institute of the University, is spending several days in Fort Wayne attending the annual meeting of the Indiana Association of Police Chiefs. Lingo is working with many police departments of the state on their own local safety programs.
order to see what his relatives think of him, by Houghton, and the everfamous thriller, “The Monkey’s Paw,” by Jacobs and Parker (who wrote “Disraeli”) complete the group. The other three include a mystery, a burlesque thriller, and a straight comedy. All of the plays are classics in the one-act theatre. All-Campus Affairs The plays will be all-campus affairs, although students in the intensive unit course and the regular course in dramatic production will have supervisory positions. The intensive unit students will be in charge on the first evening of plays, to be presented Thursday, June 30. Those in the regular course will manage the evening of Wednesday, July 3. However, the ranks of management will not be filled exclusively from these classes, Carmichael states. Positions of stage manager, electrician, and the like will be filled from those applying on Saturday.
Play Golf At ‘‘^Lillee’s Fields” Lafayette Public Golf Course
Summer Students The University Staff And Faculty Can Procure Coupons At the Memorial Union And At The Field House At Special Purdue University Prices 25c for a 9 Hole Coupon 40c for a 18 Hole Coupon m “Linee’s” Fields is an exceptionally well laid out and kept 18 Hole Golf Course
Practice Players are directed to Our Day and Flood Lighted Practice Range Wm. Phelpot, Professional in Charge
Special Sale of Golf Bags, Irons and Clubs At About 1/2 Price At the Range Pro Shop Wonderful Selections at a Great Saving
Registration Starts Monday For Leadership Conference
Dr. Hall Will Direct Meet Registration for the Tenth Annual Rural Leadership Conference will start next Monday nloming in the Memorial Union Building. Dr. 0. F. Hall, of the division of education and applied psychology, is director of the conference, having founded it in 1929 and been active head ever since. The program includes a ten days’ short course, with each daily unit complete in itself. Classroom work is to begin Tuesday morning and will close Friday noon, July 1. An informal reception will be held Monday evening before the beginning of classes. The work is divided into a regular daily schedule, beginning at 7 a. m. with a “toning-up period” for a half-hour, with the opportunity to use the period for worship, observation tours, or informal discussion. Bartlett Has Charge From 8 to 9 o’clock Dr. E. R. Bartlett, professor of religious education at DePauw University, will have charge of the group in “Education for Social Growth and Effectiveness.” At 9 o’clock the class in “Psychology of Personal and Social Adjustment” will convene under the leadership of Dr. 0. C. Trimble and Dr. Joseph Tiffin of the University staff. At 10 Prof. 0. G. Lloyd and Dr. E. C. Young and associates will teach on “Some Present-Day Economic Considerations.” And at 11 o’clock the class on “Rural Youth’s Needs and Desires” will be taught by Dr. Z. M. Smith, of Purdue, and Prank Ginrich, Illinois State Leader of Older Youth and Young Adults. Afternoon Programs The afternoon hours from 1 to 4 will be taken up with discussions, reports and reviews with the following people as leaders: Dr. A. H. Monroe, Dr. Max D. Steer, and Prof. Leila Gaddis of the University staff, and Dr. E. H. Shideler, state director of rural rehabilitatation of the Farm Security Administration. Other afternoon speakers include Mrs. Lillie D. Scott, state leader of social and education division, Indiana Farm Bureau; M. K. Derrick, state director of education department, Indiana Farm Bureau;
Trustees Approve Ten Fellowships
Davis Will Leave For Pacific Coast Meet Prof. J. J. Davis, head of the University department who was in Culver Wednesday to talk at the annual meeting of the National Association of Insecticides and Disinfectant Manufacturers, will leave today for Los Angeles and San Diego, Calif, to attend the Pacific Slope Branch of the American Association of Economic Entomologists of which he is president. From there he will travel to Ottawa, Canada, for the midsummer meeting of the American Association of Economic Entomologists, where he is to speak and also preside at the sessions June 27 to 30. His son. Bob, will accompany him to California and will join Mrs. Davis who is visiting there. Both will return here in August. Berry, Wickard Visit Washington Washington, D. C., June 15— (Special)—Treva Bei’ry, HE ’40, of Indianapolis, and Betty Wickard, Sci ’40, of this city, were guests of Indiana Senator Sherman Minton today. Miss Wickard and Miss Berry visited governmental points of interest. Both girls are members of the Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority. Miss Wickard is associate co-ed editor of the Exponent.
Dr. A. H. Rapking, superintendent of town and country work, Board of Home Missions and Church Extension, Philadelphia; and Dr. P. L. Vogt, rural sociology specialist, U. S. Department of Agriculture. Recreation Each Day Prof. Helen Hazelton, Prof. M. L. Clevett, and E. H. Burnham, of the physical education staffs of the University, will be in charge of recreation from 4 to 5:30 each day. Evening programs from 7:30 to 9 will be specially arranged, the details of which will be announced in the Exponent and on the bulletin board in the Union Building.
To undertake certain lines of scientific investigation not now covered by work in the University, establishment of ten new research fellowships was approved by the Board of Trustees of the University last Saturday. “Proposals for the fellowships came fiom the Puidue Research Foundation which already has a large number or research projects under way,” President E. C. Elliott said after the meeting. Committee Selects Projects In selecting the research projects to be undertaken, a committee, consisting of J. K. Lilly, of the Board of Trustees; G. Stanley Meikle, director of the Research Foundation, and W. H. Winterrowd, of Chicago, a director of the Foundation, will give consideration “to the selection and promotion of scientific investigations and research projects not likely to be established by fellowship funds from industry.” Besides passing on the research proposals, the board discussed future educational policies of the institution. They plan to hold a meeting later this summer to consider these policies. Faculty Changes Several faculty changes were approved. Dr. C. K. Canong, who holds degrees from the University of Acadia, University of Toronto, and University of Wisconsin, will be a new instructor in the economics department. J. W. Wiley, who holds bachelor’s and master’s degrees from Lawrence College, will be an instructor i nthe economics department to succeed C. J. Martin, who has resigned to continue graduate work.
Rlchman Takes Job Milford Richman, Ag. ’31, of Union Mills, in LaPorte county, has accepted the position of agificultural extension supervisor for a group of counties in that territory. Richman received his MS degree in agriculture from the University in 1933 and more recently has been associated with the Farm Security Administration. His new position will place him in charge of educational activities for the Agricultuial Conseiwation Programs.
a MY
As far as we’re concerned, every day shoyid be Dad’s Day, but as long as there’s only one—^ let’s make it a big one. For a starter, we’ve picked out some really fine items.
SHIRTS NECKTIES PAJAMAS HOSIERY UNDERWEAR SPORT WEAR
Come In and Look Around
D E W E N T E R ’ S 416 MAIN ST.THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, June 16, 1938
• 7^.
r<^" 'k' ‘ ' - >fK " k4
Get Acquainted
Comfortable Louoges
Enjoyable Meals
Collegiate Atmosphere
the
With Your
And
Every convenience, nearly every necessity of life can be found at your fingertips — in fact, surveys show that a person can live in comfort and never leave the Union Building. But we don’t want you to live such a life! The point we are .trying to get across concerns you and a more enjoyable summer. True enough that you’ll have school work to do, but on the other hand, you are sure to find much to do, many friends to meet, many enjoyments that only the Union can offer. Think of the Union as a summer resort (suggest you leave your fishing rod home). You’ll find it just that—planned and maintained for you. USE IT!
Free Telephone —Across from main desk. Relax — Lounges on first, floor. Read — Browsing Room first floor. Dance—Ballroom first floor. Eat —Cafeteria, Grill, Chestnut Room, Sweet Shop. Bowling — Down below east entrance. Music —Music Room, inquire at desk. Cards, Checkers, Chess —Game Room opposite Grill. Shave, Haircut —Barber Shop opposite Sweet Shop. Billiards—Billiard Room downstairs. Meet People —Anywhere, anytime, in the Union.
Corner of the Campus - Yet the Center of Campus Activities
i
'* I