tki
i O’ y ^ t ^>, h . ^ ^ ^J. j « fe,^ ^ #,
P?^. A > IX'J '* I .r •■ ^ (~ ^t*'i J ‘
)#?
S? >
‘r;
u ? u
Don't Forget To Vote For Your h ■ Prom King^ Queen
Z-1W
FflfHiHlttd In 1889
D4llySiMl90i
Volume 5, No. 8
Tbuniday, July 3. 1341
Exponent Purchases Own Printi^ Press
ME Instructors End Conference On Campus Today Potter Addresses Group On Need For Engineers Over 100 leading educators from all parts of the country attending a conference here on mechanical engineering instruction will conclude their session today. This morning the teachers will hear F. Y. Larkin, of Lehigh University, who will discuss “Selecting and Training a Teaching Staff.” Noon Luncheon Later in the morning L. E. Grint«r, of Illinois Institute of Technology, will present a discussion of the aims, methods, and requirements for graduate study and graduate degrees. The conference will adjourn with a noon luncheon. Potter Is Toastmaster At the conference banquet last night Dean of Engineering A. A. Potter acted as toastmaster. In a talk Tuesday morning Potter, who is chairman of the national committee for engineering defense training, explained the important role of engineering training in the national defense program. He cited the shortage of technically trained men and the necessity fot engineers in gearing up the defense production plan. Cummins, Of Little
An Editorial
Where Do We Go From Here? Modesty pot laeing pne of t^ie faults of the piresieut Expoiieiit staff, we are announcing to the student bpdy todiay thg^t 'jve have accomplished what at least 20 staffs bdfore us h^ve spent their class hours dreaming of. We got our own press yesterday, and that is only a tool. But it will be one of the tools that we pledge will make the Exponent the best undergraduate newspaper in the Big Ten. At the last Sigma Delta Chi newspaper day in May a man who had been editor of the Exponent in the early 1920’s gave us a broad, tolerant smile when we told him of our plans fp?* the 1941-42 paper. He smiled because he knew that every staff that has tried to improve the Exponent in the last several decades has become entwined in a maze of beautiful red tape and physical and mental inertia. Before we make ourselves sound too wonderful, let us add that except for the help of certain persons we should probably have had our efforts turn out just as badly as the other 20 staffs. We refer specifically to Bill Bodden, chief accountant; Controller R. B. Stewart; Henry Abbott, purchasing agent; and President Elliott. We also should probably thank God and the nine muses a little, too, for the help they gave us in bringing about a set of conditions^ that were particularly favor^le to these steps at this time. What are we planning for next year? Well, the paper will be larger. We are establishing now a drag-net beat system which will cover the University and West Lafayette and will enable us to print all the news first. Several new editorial features are now in the incubator stage. And perhaps most important we have reason to believe that some method of improving on the world news coverage will be found. Last year the Exponent introduced the Chicago Daily News Foreign Service to Indiana. We hope next year that this may be supplemented by more spot news coverage. This, then, is our promise to the student body. And we’ll probably fulfill it. J.L.T.
Theatre, Moves Up 445 Register Here Fraternity Officers
For Conscription Here Tp interview
New House Mothers
Editor’s Note: This is the first of a series of short sketches of the various persons who will appear in the Summer Playshop’s pro-
duction “Our Town.”
George B. Cummins is tall, dark, and bald. He also has dimples, which are no fault of his own, and an obsession for acting when he is not acquiring degrees and doing some work in the botany department of the agriculture experiment station. Currently he has collected three degrees; the latest, a Ph.D., from the University, and the other two in (|ecending order from Michigan and
Montana State College.
Public Exhibit
This equipment will be on public exhibit the evening of July 23 when Cummins plays the role of Stage Manager in the Summer Playshop production of Thornton Wilder’s “Our Town.” He did the same thing once before with the Lafayette Littje Theatre. In fact he is_ sort of a veteran, as Little Theatre’actors go, having appeared in productions of “Stage Door,” “Front Page,” “The iate Christopher Bean,” and
“Fumed Oak.”
Likes “Our Town” He maintains that he likes the philosophy of living expressed by “Oqr Town,” and that may possibly be something unusual for doctors of philosophy. At any rate he looks well in the role of the cracker barrel pundit of Grovers Corners, and judging from the record of his thespian career will probably act well. Two Fraternities
The Tippecanoe county selective service registration boards announced yesterday that 446 men registered at the two offices. Board No. 2, which included University students as well as the city of West Lafayette and the county outside of Lafayette, reported a total registration of 261 men, while registrants at Board No. 1 numbered
186.
Each card will be stamped with a serial number by July 9, and it is reported unofficially that they will be added to the old list in the ratio of one to ten. Calling up of the new registrants may be accelerated by the order yesterday of Draft Administrator Lewis Hershey ordering the deferment of all men over 28 years of age. Prof. J: H. Marlin To Teadi At Georgia Poultry School Dr. J. Holmes Martin, head of the poultry department, will leave this week-end for Athens, Ga., where he wilL be the featured instructor at the'-annual University of Georgia Hatchery School and Poultry Short CqflSrse to be held on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday of next week. Dr. Martin will discuss poultry disease and feeding problems and will also addre^ the Soiilherners on turkeys, an enterprise of which he is an authority and the author of the leading book on the subject.
1 Entered By Thief Prop Classes Today I _ ix— 1 .^11 1 Ai is^^i js
Two campus fraternity houses were robbed early yesterday morning when sneak thieves took more than $200 from students’ rooms.' Summer residents of the Kappa Sigma House reported to the police that they ha4 lost $186 in cash, and three members of Sigma Alpha Mu lost $26. All the students were sleeping when the thief entered the
hopses.
Today will be the final day for canceling registrations ip courses, Dean Fisher said yesterday^ This week ends the first three weeks| period,, and pecause qf tpe fended holiday vacation this week-end, cancellations must be
niMe tod4y.
y After today courses may be propped only by tlie permission 1 of Dean Fisher.
A number of national officers and field secretaries of sororities and fraternities began to arrive on the campus yesterday for interviews with prospective house mothers enrolled ^in the annual House Directors’ Training School. Ino^asing recognition of the value of the training provided by the pioneering school, which is now in the third week of an intensive four week program, has resulted in an increasing demand for services of those enrolled in the course. Interviews Interviews are being Arranged for those seeking employment as house mothers or dormitory directors, and the prospective employers were to be entertained at a dinper meeting Islst liight. Instructional Program The instructional program continued through the morning with a continuation of the series of discussions by Dean Katherine Ingle, of the University of Cincinnati, in ^ which she took up the development of socially desirable attitudes. During the afternoon, B. B. Stewart, University controller, spoke on “The Place of «the Fraternity in Modern Education.” Today the house mothers will tour Cary Hall. Retiring Extension Head T. A> Colemgn Is Honorod Approximately 300 persdPs, jncludipg jmany county extension agents pnd vpcditional agricplture teaphers as woH as staff members, Monday noon attended a dinner in honor of Associate Extension Director T. A. Coleman, who was retiring from position after than 28 years of service to the University. Tpe dinner was held in tbe Fapplty Lounges of the Memorial Union Building, with V. 0. Freeman, Associate Dean of A'grricultqre, presiding^
Story Of Chinese Step Completed In
Projected Improvement
Life Presented In Convo Program J. Henry Whites Lecture Here Tuesday, |uly 8 “China Day,” a program of lec- ' tures and a photographic exhibit presenting the story of the Chinese civilization, will be the next convocation attraction for summer'session students. Mr. and Mrs. J. Henry White, for eight years residents of China, will present the convo on
Tuesday, July 8.
The Whites have organized a program of lectures and exhibitions that has been presented by organizations in every section of the country, including the Natmnal Geographic Society in Washington, the Explorers Club of New York, the Boston Art Institute, and various universities and colleges. They have appeared on the campuses of Columbia, Stanford, Michigan, Chicago, Southern California, Georgia, Maryland, and other universities.
Several Exhibits
The “China Day” schedule will include an exhibit of camera paintings of China, an illustrated trav-elogue-lecture, and special roundtable discussions during the day of Chinese art, literature, geography, and economics. The lectures and art exhibits will be in the Music Boom
of the Union.
Mrs. White will also lecture on Chinese literature. She learned to read and write fluently in Manderin during her eight years in China, and while there taught English in a junior high school for Chinese. Mfss Ivor Sempill ... in charge of the Purdue Agricultural Experiment station library, returned this week from attending the 63rd annual conference of the Amer^afi Library Association, at^Boston, Mass, f he meeting attracted 4,200 persons from all parts of the country.
Witfi the signing of a contract yesterday for a Duplex high speed printing press, the Exponent completed the first step in a projected program of expansion and improvement of the 1941-42 paper. For the first time the Exponent will have its own printing equipment. The press will be installed in the Exponent ofiice in the subbasement of the Union, and will be Exponent and not University property. With a rated output of 4,500 eight-page papers an hour, the press will afford complete flexibility as to size, number, and scheduling of the editions. Typesetting, as in past years, will be done by private printers. Every night the locked Exponent forms will be transported across t^ river and placed on the press. Exponent officers indicated yesterday that the new press will probably mean that next year’s paper will be larger than the present Exponent, and from four to eight pages daily. In addition the new physical facilities will permit an improvement in the content as well as additional features. News deadlines will be moved up to get later news. Other definite improvements in the 1941-42 Exponent have been planned, and will be announced shortly. The press will be shipped July 28 and will be installed and operating on September 6, when the first, freshman edition will be published. Preliminary foundation construction and installation of electrical conduits will be completed in the Exponent offices by August 9.
M. McClure Resigns Staff Position Here Merle M. McClure, associate engineer of the mechanical engineering division of the Engineering Experiment Station, has resigned to accept a position as plant engineer with t^ie Brown Bubber Company in Lafayette. During the 15 years as a staff member, he has conducted research on a wide range of projects among which were the automatic power brake investigation, light weight welded steel box c^Aimpact test, conducted for the Association of American Bailroads, the Bockefeller Foundation Hobsing Besearch, automatic trainline connecfpr ,test, and the Owens-Illinois Insulating Development Project. McClure is also well-known in the state for his research work in vapor flow and moisture condensation within house walls.
Boilermaker Battery Lea4B,AII In First Day Firing At Fort Knox
Editor’s Note: This is the third of a series of articles from an Exponent correspondent- dealing with the activities at tfie sqmmer BOTC ti^aining camp at Fort Knox, Ky. Early Friday morning Dick De Garmo pulled the lanyard that set the first 76 mm shell of thV‘1941 BOTC camp on its way across the firing range of Fort Knox, Ky. De Garmo is a member of Purdue’s Battery A and in the firing of that shot there was a definite increase in the prestige which the military men/from Purdue enjoy hqre, for it led by a full half-day any of the other three BOTC field artillery batteries at Knox.' Two Purdue Bottenqs Of the four batteries in training here, two (A and B) are composed ' of Boilermakers. C Batter yis from Ohio State*and D is made up of more men from that school and othei}S from Culver, Eastern Kentucky and Xaiver and other schools. Competition among the batteries is intense, not only in firing, but in athletics, general appearance and every other phase of camp life. “Handle With Ci^re” Now that full week of firing has gone by, the men are becoming :^customed to the roar of the pieces as they speed theiy projectiles out across the Kentucky hills. Even so, the men who load the guns still handle the 19 lb. shells with almost
elaborate care. The officers assert that there are centrifugal safety devices in them that prevent premature explosion which could be caused by striking the breech when loading but the caution is still there. Those shells look mean. Shaking Army Boots “They also serve who only stand and wait” applies very well here for there is far more to the firing of a battery than the mere loading and firing of the guns. Many an embryo officer tfho has stood quaking in army boots waiting to conduct a fire problem under the all-seewag eye of Major Hathaway or Messerschmjdt or Lieptenants Buby or Vanderford has thought that the work at the guns was just an incidental part. Sad Look—^“Unsatisfactory” And many of them are sure of it after making p mess of the work at the observation and seeing the sad look of the officer in charge as he marks down “unsatisfactory” on the data sheet oyer which the student has sweat bipod. Artillery wouldn’t amount ^o mpch if it were not for these men who stand at the OP (observation post) with their eye glued to field glasses or batteiy commander’s telescopes, waiting for the burst of e shell far out on ^he range. It is they who govern and control the filing battery which may be several miles away.
Amateurs Spend Hot Hours In Pottery, Painting Classes Over fifty University students and staff members are spending a lot of hours this summer following a hobby a little bit higher fsthetically than keeping the perspiration wiped off their foreheads. Bob Parks, director of the Union puttering’shop, has that many people enrolled in his special summer courses in watercolor painting and pottery making. Non-Credit Classes These non-credit classes designed for the enjoyment of people who have never before painted or made pottery meet once weekly. The wptercolor class works out of doors every Tuesday, and the pottery amateurs, divided into two sections because of its size, nmets on Wednesday and Thursday evenings in the Puttering Shop. - Visitors will not distract the attention of the workers Bob Parks says, dnd they will be welcome at any time. Leisure Tin|e Fun • The purpose of these classes is to provide definite and constructive leisure time accomplishment as well as ordinary fun by means of a planned series of projects from the very elementary to the fairly complex. ' Parks has planned similar amateur classes in other mediums in the Pall. Tentatively the schedule calls for classes in poster-making, sculpture, and industrial design, which will be taught by competent guest instructors. Students Complete Vocational Ag Course Newer developments in the production and improvement of com and small grains, with the emphasis on hybrid com, were studied by 13 teachers of vocational agriculture in the state who have just com-' pleted an intensive three week course at the University under the diteotlon of Prof. J. H. Lcfforge, of the agronomy department. The students, all from Indiaita, in4luded Vernon Hansen, Sweetxers John Huron, Bising Spp; ParoH W. Edwardson, Heha^hmig; 'Fhenaeli Torgerson, Upland; Floyd W* Baker, Hebron; E. E. Landerlia%|[t Brooksburg; Howard Jensen, Ho^ta: Harold A. Grosskroutz* Plainfieldi; J. L, VgnCleave, Prap^j Bt^eB P. Kurtz, New I^uris; Howard. W. Deetz, Sidney, and W. S. Weavt»v Millereburg.2—£diiL
Thursday. luly 3. 1941
S^WidusL £xpi>njmL
\
Someone Changed The Rules It is a rather sad situation that one finds himself in when the dawn of a new day brings with it a complete somersault in one’s idealogical beliefs. It is particularly embarassing when one has been extremely vociferous and more than slightly repulsive in advocating those ideologies which must suddenly be discarded. Thus the communists, led incidentally by such a person of pure old American stock as Earl Browder, are today in the dark about whom to call what. It used to be simple: just follow the party line emanating from the Kremlin, which of course was relayed from Berlin. But now the Russian ambassador seconds Mr. Churchill’s pet name for Adolf, which is “bloodthirsty guttersnipe.” And now England’s inrperialistic war is something else, and the British labor party is no longer described in acrid terms by our mangy communists. And another putrid flip-flop has been effected by such long-standing American fascists as Robert R. McCormick, of the modestly selfstyled “World’s Greatest Newspaper,” who are now saying that the Administration war policy is communist inspired and that the American people are being asked to die for dear old Moscow. Of course for some years it has been the set policy of these people to link the New Deal with communism. But while the Reds were helping Hitler there was no suggestion that the Administration “defense” program was to help communism. Rather, England was fighting for wealth, trade routes, and world domina-
The Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Ifndiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in Section 1108. act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 29, 1922, Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and bi-weekly during Summer Session. Subscriptions mailed for 60 cents. PUBLICATIOK STAFF Editor: J. L. TKAUGOTT Bus. Mgr.: D. S. POWERS
Editorial 4005
PHONES — Business 8471
tion and the President was aiding those imperialistic aims. Now, however, the President is suddenly following the communist party line. Col. McCormick, incidentally, is one of the leading American exponents of an appeasement policy toward Japan. Another queer aspect of the recent shift in alliances is the U. S. labor situation. The stuff put out by our congressmen and newspapers has been that defense strikes were all communis tin origin, and therefore we needed antistrike legislation. It will be extremely interesting to watch if strikes are ceased now that the USSR is in the war. If it is true that strikes are communistic they will certainly cease in order that we may produce material for old Joe. We suspect that many persons are going to be disappointed to find that the majority of the strikes are simply a result of expanding trade unionism and a usual occurrance in times of rising prices.
AMERICA AND THE RED MENACE... (From Chicago Daily News) It’s a significant thing, we think, that of some dozens of communications sent us by readers on the subject of the Russo-German war, all butone expressed the yiew that, in Russia’s effort to defend herself against the newest Nazi aggression, American aid and support should be giv^ her without stint. From this, as wSll as from most of the comment heard around Chicago, it appears that the newest line taken by
the isolationists and appeasers has fallen quite as flat with the public as anything they had put out before. A Gallup poll on this question would be interesting. The new appeasement line, as a matter of fact, isn’t new at all. It follows the ancient “Smear-Roose-velt” device of linking the New Deal up with Communism, and shouting that everything’s a plot to foster Red revolution in the United States. This never worked very well, judging by the election returns, and is certainly not work-
}
finnincB aiiKiis
COMPLETE SELECTION
HMM BOCK ^SIJPHY TOE
»O0-« flATE ITMN Win tAFAViTTlf*#
In the Good Old Summer Time you can be comfortable and look prim if you depend on CROWN to look after your summer^ clothes. Special equipment for pressing and finishing summer suits. I . V'-\
INC CLCANERS OF FINE Top of the Hill, Oil the Corner
CLOTHES
Grin And Bear It
by Lichty Dr. E.C. Young
“You been six weeks in the army, Hubert—is it true that we ca nbe successfully invaded?”
ing now. Most people, far from being fooled, get a laugh out of it. After all, the plight of these appeasers is pretty incongruous. They climb so hastily and willingly into bed with the Reds when the Commie line itself was for appeasement. The present trick might have worked, a few years back, but Americans, like everyone else, have had a pretty stern conditioning in the college of stubborn realism. They have awakened, since the Nazis really started to roll, to something that the Founding Fathers knew well enough, but too many of their descendants forgot: that this is, as it has always been, a “balance-of-power” world. No nation that is unwilling or unable to act vigorously in defense of its own essential interests can long survive. The viewpoint isn’t wholly materialistic, though it sounds that way. Nobody has stated the philosophy of it better, or more succinctly, than the Washington columnist, Raymond Clapper—^unless maybe it was Thomas Aquinas. Clapper put it like this: “In this world we seldom have an opportunity to choose between good and evil. We must choose between evils. Life is a constant choice of the lesser ^evil, a constant struggle against the ‘greater evil. So it is now. If the time should come when Russia was the direct threat against us that Germany is, we would be throwing our weight against Russia just as hard as we now throw it against Germany. Owing to geography and efficiency, Germany is the menace nearest at hand. eGrmany is the menace that threatens to destroy British sea power and gain control of the high seas.” It’s as simple as that. Fortunately, our people understand it, and are disposed to act on their understanding. Of course, if Joe should unexpectedly turn around and give Adolf a terrible shellacking, he might become a menace himself. But who really thinks that ca nhappen ? The world has lived with the “Red Menace”
Rural Youth Close Conference Friday An address on “You Pay for What You Get” by Dr. Z. M. Smith, state 4-H club leader and director of vocational agriculture education, was the climaxing feature that brought to a close last Friday the fourth annual Leadership Training School for nearly 260 Indiana rural youth at the University. The five-day school was held under the auspices of Purdue’s Agricultural Extension Service and the Indiana Farm Bureau. At a general session held earlier in the day. Dr. Lynn Robertson, assistant head of the farm management department, reported that economics opportunities such as get-
now for about 25 years, and nowhere has it made serious gain outside Russia, least of all in our own country. In latter years, the Kremlin’s policy has been all away from world revolution; all in,the direction of dealing with its own domestic troubles. This, to be sure, might change- overnight with a big Red win over Hitler. But there’s a bridge for us to cross long before we get to that one, if we ever do.
AIR CONDITIONED
STARTS TODAY — DOUBLE FEATURE-
The Flower of Mugdom af his Bullet Proof Best! feDW. G. ROBINSON in BROTHER ORCHID with ANN SOUTHERN HUMPHREY BOGART — PLUS — jUNE LANG JOHNNY DOWNS ERIC BLARE in RED iftAD
MIDNITE PREVUE SATURDAY
THE ALL-JOT SHOW WITH JEB014E XEHH MUSIC I
Anna NBA
Bhnrd Elwitt HORTON * Riidi INESC0R1 MiaWESTLEY* and THE HARTMANS
HEALTHFULLY COOL
— TODAY - FRIDAY
RUDY VALLEE AND HELEN PARRISH
Starts SATURDAY THE YEAR'S MOST THRILLING ADVENTURE!
WALTER JOAN PIDGEON; BENNETT GEORGE^SANDERS
For a brilliant church wedding ... or for a charming home wedding . . . RYTEX-HYLITED Wedding Invitations and Announcements are in perfect taste.
HAYWOOD’S "Everything for the Office" Fifth and Ferry Sts. Lafayette PHONE 4085
... of the farm management department yras in. Crawfordsville Thursday evdSling, to speak before the district conference of the real estate men of the Mutual Benefit Life Insurance company. This conference was attended by insurance executives and leading real estate salesmen from the corn belt states.
Arthur Mason Brown will be the fifth generation of his family .to receive a degree at Dartmouth college.
portunities to represent a greater share of their needs than did young women in Central and Northern Indiana counties closer to urban op-' portunities. Religious needs -were rated as important by many rural young men and women. Health was a problem to some, although more than four-fiifths of the young meft and women classed their health as good or excellent.
tttig employment or acquiring capital to start farming are the most important needs of rural young men between the ages of 18 to 28, as indicated in a survey recently completed in five Indiana counties. “Social and recreational needs loom-up as of greater importance than economic needs to rural young women,” Robertson said. “Young women in Orange and Monroe counties considered employment op-
AIR CONDITIONED
“INSIDE" L rackets LFiBflgyM bared I
Millionaiies in Prison
LiNDA HAYES • RAYMOND WALBURN* MORGAN CONWAY TRUMAN BRAOLEY — AND —
L” RITTER tO. puthbc
— ALSO — "MYSTERIOUS DR. SATAN" — AT>DED — LOUIS VS CONN Exclusive Fighf Pictures. KnockDowns and 12th and 13th Rounds in Slow Motion.
HEALTHFULLY COOL UUMA Today-Fri.-Sat.—2. Hlfs
JAMES CAGNEY PAT O'BRIEN — IN — 'DEVIL DOGS OF THE AIR'
PLUS
ROY ROGERS — IN — 'NEVADA CITY'
SUN.-MON.—2 Features
NAN GREY TOM NEAL Alan Baxter
— PLUS — SrMF AUca AMECHE FAYE MIRANDA
irs technicolorful;
HEALTHFULLY COOL iHbei —TODAY - FRI. - SAT.— JANE'S TOMBOY DAYS ARE OVERPrettier... more lovable than
Starts SUNDAY
, , with PATRICIA MORISON i.RE61NALD DENNYA
(4
4
■i:
H Ivig % i
fiuJutm, £xpbtuint
Thursday* July 3* 1941
Oa/ja. J
Vn^
WBAA
Today
11:00 Walke Up and Live 11:15 The Curio Man
11:80 Music
11:45 WBAA Presents 11:50 Purdue News 12:00 Social Security 12:15 Meet the Band 12:45 Markets
:00 Music
:15 A Chapter a Day
1:80 Music
T 1:45 Monitor Views the News 2:00 Moods in Music, Mrs. C. W. Jlemmer 2:80 Parent Forum 2:45 Treasure Chest 8:00 Symphony Hall 4:00 Heard in the Hallway 4:15 Music 4:80 Eventide Echoes 4:45 Virginia Ulrey, singer 6:00 Concert Strings 6:80 Music of the Day Friday, July 4 11.00 ^usic 11:15 Music 11:80 Music
A
Does this give you an Idea? Whether it is your fraternity house, sorority house, co-op house, or boarding house you will all agree that it is a good idea to get your summer repair work, cleanup and painting done quickly. Be sure to buy your glass and paint supplies at Huneck’s. HUNECK'S GLASS AMD PAINT CO. 826 Main St. Phgne 3841
Sd ^julusl ^dL £L ^tmuofL?
Then let a competent garage mechanic squeeze Hthe difficulties out for you ... r When your cor starts acting badly don't think you have a lemon. Any of the competent automobile mechanics at Pete Anderson's con iron out your difficulties* thus making your cor a sweet* smooth-running chariot. So don't think you "have a lemon" when your cor breaks down. Drop In or Call Peter Anderson Company "After You We Come First" 525 Alabama St. Pbone 4048
11:45 12:00 12:15 12:80 12:45 1:00 1:15 1:80 1:45 2:00 2:15 2:80 2:45 6:00 6:80 11:00 11:15 11:80 12:00 12:15 12:80 12:45 1:00 1:80 1:45 2:00 2:15 2:80 2:45 6:00 6:80
Music M^isic Music Meet the Band Music Afternoon Music A,Chapter a Day Better Vision Monitor Views the News Music Music *“ Theatre of Song Parade of Business Concert Strings Music of the Day Saturday, July 5 Carolyn Wood, singer Just Elds Musical Bound-Up Markets Woman Chopper Meet the Band Tune Time, Charlie Powell Radio Stage Music Monitor Views the News Stamp Club Alberta Schmadel, singer The Army Speaks Afternoon Music Concert Strings [usic of the Day
Ada
Grin And Bear It
by Uchty
Wanted: Male student for about 2 hours work daily. Care of small animal colony. Dr. F. N. Andrews. Vet. Bldg.
Lost: One Alpha Zeta Key. Reward. Ernest Kirsd, 180 Russell, Phone 7202. Baseball Results
National League Pittsburgh, 8; Cincinnati, 8. Brooklyn, 9; Philadelphia, 8. Boston, 5-0; New York, 4-6. (Only games scheduled.)
A grdmite lion chiselled by the Egyptians in 1450 B. C. is among the curio^ in the Emory university museum.
American League Philadelphia, 7; Washington, 6 (10 innings). New York, 8; Boston, 4. Detroit at Chicago (night game). (Only games scheduled.) Today's Gaines National League St Louis at Chicago. Cincinnati at Pittsburgh.
The Tops in Hofei Stops HOTEL FOWLER BLUE BLAZER WALNUT ROOM COCKTAIL LOUNGE CAFE Both Air Conditioined
For Economy
The Lahr Hotel
“You’re so handy bringing your friends home for dinner, I just thought I’d let you take us girls out to lunch!”
Philadelphia at Boston. (Only games scheduled )
American League Boston at Philadelphia. (Only games scheduled )
Rigorous physical training from kindergarten to maturity is recommended for Americans by Harold C Deutsch, associate professor of history at the University of Minnesota.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Dine
Chinese and American Restaurant NU CHINA CAFE 409 Columbia St. Lafayette, Indiana
Complete Line of Greeting Cards University Book Store M C. "Red" Sammons '29 R. W. "Doc" Epple '40
• School Supplies DEAC'S Everything for e College Education
-C <4^ W.,LAFAYETTE LATEST BOOKS - BEST AUTHORS 3c PER DAY ^ 10c MINIMUM
It’s all-star cast from start to finish. We have no, room in our organization for Grade B cleaning. You, too, will rate four stars for cleaning clothes, better, quicker, cheaper than you’ve ever seen before. Men’s Suits Cleaned and Pressed —65c—
Phone 4081
Northwesterii at Vine
RIDE IN STYLE t IN A YELLOW CAB
5023
PHONES
3071
Call a Yellow When Shipping Trunb
‘^^The Thinking Fellow Calls a Yellow
99
YEUO
CAB3
. Vi!”f
^ Tt
* t ^T''5 n ’'' \ ., ' f' ., f
_ i , J ^ c ^“/< \ j.
^5 /Jf'
\ T ■* V
Ohm. tfm..VlntlroA.
Thursday. lufar 3. 1841
\ Shthdus^ ^mmhh^
— OPEN— I . 7:00 a. m. to 7:30 p. m. / t . ■ The Coffee Shop offers you good food, fast service at a reasonable price. Conveniently located in the north corridor of the Union Basement, it is pledged good service at all times. Drop in and enjoy a good meal at a moderate price.
& The Cafeteria and Grill will be closed July 4th and 3th
Jhc, ^JiilL . . .
Lends a restful and leisurely atmosphere with its spaciousness and modernistic furnishings. Just the place to loiter over a soda, sundae, or light summer lunch. Every day you will find a changing menu which offers outstanding specials in fine foods.
the Cuifeteria
1.'‘ !-'
<500,0! poca\
SUMMER SPECIAL Large fresh fruit salad 30c
JhL SwssiL ShojfL ... for those leisure moments when you crave a refreshing drink with friends in pleasant and social surroundings. Truly the place where friends are made.
the Cafeteria
SUMMER SPECIAL ASSORTED COLD MEATS
I of a
JhiL fiwtdwL Tybmufvud, lAnimi. , r ^ The Corner of the Campus—Yet the Center of College Activities