Purdue
Summer Session
Exponent
Vol. 3 No. 6
West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, July 6, 1930
Two Stadium Plays Open Wednesday ^^Blacl< Valise/^ ^^His First Date” Comprise First Set Of Summer Plays; Free To Public Continuing a fourth-year project, the summer session social committee will present, Wednesday, July 12, at 8:15 o’clock, the first Set of plays to be given in the Ross-Ade Stadium. Two plays, “Black Valise” and “His First Date,” will be staged. The plays will be free to students and townspeople. The first play, “Black Valise,” Com/nO N^Xt is a mystery farce revolving around ^ a group of persons forced to play hosts to a madman who is determined to kill everyone in th^^orld. “His First Date," the second play of the evening, is a light comedy, concerned with contemporary fam-
ily life.
Rain Would Change Date The committee in charge of arrangements has announced that in case of rain after 4 o’clock of the evening the plays will be presented the next night in the Stadium. Rain will not prevent the scheduled program of entertainment by the summer session committee. Prof. P. E. Lull, member of the speech department, is director in charge of the two programs of plays to be presented this summer. Members of the cast of “Black Valise” include: Joe Mihal, Sterling Shaw, Edwardo Bioscoechea, Wilbur Carlson, and Gwendolyn Kindig., The cast of “His First Date” will feature: Aliipe Martens, Allison Lilly, Ellen Kepner, Charles Hart, Gray Erick, aSid Helen
Stelfee.
More Tryouts Tonight An able crew supporting the cast includes: Harold Martin, staging; Dick Pittinger, carpenter; Polly Prentise, properties; Yvonne Price, costumes. Tryouts for the second groups of plays to be presented Wednesday evening, August 2, will be held tojnight at 7 o’clock in Fowler Hall. Amateur Radio Fans Will Meet Tonight Radio enthusiasts will meet at 7:30 tonight for an open meeting of the summer school radio club in room A of the Union Building. Organizers invite all regular members to attend, as well as those amateurs who have not yet appeared at a club meeting. Plans for the use of station W9YB, the University amateur radio station in the Electrical Engineering Building, will be discussed at the meeting. Programs for future meetings, and the use of keys for the radio station doors will also be considered.
Prom Queen Nominations
Education Leaders Open
Open Today Second Clinic On July 10
Charles M. Newcomb, noted lecturer and humorist, will address the summer session banquet which will be held next Thursday, July 13, in
the Union ballroom.
Ewbank To Speak Today On ^^Radio
In Education’
»»
“Radio in Education” will be the topic of the speech given by Dr. H. L. Ewbank, chairman of the University of Wisconsin radio committee in Fowler Hall at 2 o’clock today. To illustrate his speech. Dr. Ewbank will use recordings of programs presented over radio station WHA at the University of Wisconsin. The Wisconsin station has been instrumental in developing program for classroom use, not to take the place of classroom study, but to supplement the work of the teacher. Dr. Ewbank was formerly president of the National Association of Teachers of Speech, and is now president of Delta Sigma Rho, national speech fraternity. On Friday morning, July 7, at 9 o’clock. Dr. Ewbank will lecture to speech classes in the Home Economics building on “What Happens to University Debaters and Speakers.” In the afternoon at 2 o’clock, he will lecture again to speech students in University Hall, "room 301, on “Research Projects in Oratory.” Housemothers’ Program Ends An extensive and intensified program was followed last ^week at the Housemothers’ Training school. Experts lectured to housemothers about human behavior of college students, and a way to solve their
problems.
Speakers included in this last week’s discussion were: Dean Dorothy C. Stratton, director of the school; Dr. H. H. Remmers and Dr. F. B. Knight, both members of the education staff. National officers of sororities throughout the country visited the housemothers and attended thenlectures. A prominent visitor on the campus was Mrs. M. G. Malott of Cincinnati, Ohio and National President of Delta Zeta soi--ority. Another important visitor to the school was Dean Helen Salzer. Dean of, women at DePauw
University,
With only three weeks remaining until summer session prom, scheduled for Friday, July 28, the Union is completing negotiations for the Prom band. The band, in all probability, will come out of Chicago. Nominations for Prom Queen may be made starting today by dropping the co-ed’s name in the Exponent box at the main Union desk. Selection of Prom Queen will be handled the same as last year. All persons attending the affair will have one vote at the door. The winner will be announced during the evening. Tickets for the summer session prom will be sold at $2 per couple. ^Gamcs On Green’ Series Continues Today At 6 p. m. In the second of the series, “Games on the Green,” a feature of the summer session social committee, will begin promptly tonight at 6 o’clock, on the recreation field just north of the Fieldhouse. Men and women students, as well as faculty members and clerical staff, are invited to relax tonight, playing their favorite sport at this second play session. Miss Marjorie Case, member of the physical education staff for women, announced yesterday that additional courts will be established for badminton enthusiasts. A peculiar game, one which has steadily gained in popularity with players, is kicket. This game, imported 'from England, resembles somewhat box hockey. Croquet IS also becoming popular with those who do not wish to indulge in such strenuous exercise. Deck tennis and archery equipment will be provided for both men and women. Ping-pong tables will be maintained throughout the evening. Classes . . . ... scheduled for 9 o’clock Monday will be closed in order that students may attend the All-University convocation. Sidney B. Hall, West Virginia superintendent of public instruction, will be the speaker. Prof. Frank Hall. . . ... of the department of history, economics, and government, has been elected to the Board of Tinistees of Eureka College, Eureka, Illinois.
Speakers On Clinic Program
Dean L. A. Pechstein, of the University of Cincinnati, left; and Thomas E, Benner, dean of the college of education at the University of Illinois, right, will be speakers during the Educational Leaders Clinic July 1(1 to 13. Heisenberg Speaks Tonight At 7:30 Nuclear physics, the study of the atom’s innermost core, will be discussed tonight at 7 iSt) in the Physics Building by Professor Werner Heisenberg, Nobel prize winner from the University of Leipzig. Professor Heisenberg will also lecture at 7:30 p. m. on July 13 and 20, while Professor Hans Bethe, of Cornell University, will lecture at the same time tomorrow.
According to present scientific beliefs, both protons and neutrons are contained in the atom’s nucleus, which is very small in relation to the size of the atom, but which contains most of the mass. Surrounding the nucleus are electrons, rotating in orbits at extremely high velocity. If the atom of hydrogen were enlarged to a 200 ft. diameter, the nucleus could not be seen without a lens. One hundred million atoms could be placed side by side in the space of one inch. Professor Heisenberg started out a three weeks’ lecture series on cosmic rays when he spoke before an interested audience Monday night. Lectures will be given at 3:30 p. m. each day from Monday through Friday, dealing with the interesting historical development of work in this field. Cosmic rays are regarded as penetrating radiations coming from
stellar space and filling all our surroundings. The study of what they do and where they come from is one of the foremost problems m the realm of physics today. Professor Heisenberg is one of the world’s outstanding physicists. While still a graduate student he was one of the principal creators of the new quan^bum theory which is the basis of modern theoritical physics. Since that time he has made important contributions in many fields of work, including those on which he will lecture.
Evening Rains . . . ... forced the cancellation of the Stadium band concert scheduled for last night. The West Lafayette High School Band was to have appeared on the program, with solos by Neil Carson, xylophone, and Dean Barnette, trombone, both accompanied by Ruth Holden.
ROTC Boys G row Mustaches
by K. C. Houston (Exponent Correspondent) The past week with the Purdue ROTC students at Fort Knox has passed rather uneventfully. Perhaps the most notable changes during the past week are the large number of chigger bites per cadet and the increasing number of mustaches which might be recognized as such. Let me at this time make an apology for an omission in last week’s list of good mustaches. Phi Tau Sigma prexy John Eilering’ has one of the best in camp (quoting Mr. Eilering), and also those named last week, naihely George Olson, Henry Heubner, and Clarence Hotler, started to grow their mustaches before they came to camp, claims Eilering. Many apologies to you, John. Fireworks Few Celebration on this fourth of July here at Fort Knox is far from that which you might expect. Shooting of fireworks is very restricted on the reservation: fireworks may be shot only on the fourth of, July and then only in
one place which is set aside expressly for that purpose. This morning some firecrackers were shot in our battery streets; however the officers who promptly came around to investigate found out that no Purdue men knew anything about the offence. Columns of the mechanized cavalry keep buzzing by the camp. They are putting on a demonstration for the Brazilian Chief of Staff, who is visiting the Fort today. Mechanized cavalry, I might explain, are what we commonly call ‘tanks’, though the persons in the cavalry insist that the corect name is ‘combat cars’. Later this afternoon the Brazilian Chief of Staff IS going to inspect the ROTC camp, and consequently our tents are in very good order. This is quite unusual for a holiday; since ordinarily no tent inspection is held on holidays and Sundays, and everyone leaving camp in his customary haste leaves his things in quite a mess. Clean Slate In the inter-battery softball competition, which is paid; of the re-
creational program of the camp, both Purdue batteries. Battery A and Battery B., have not faired so well. Both teams have lost two games and won none; however, there are four more games to play. Other inter-battery athletics, which are starting to get underway, are boxing, wrestling, tennis, and swimming. Tournaments in each of these will be held later in camp. The camp sick list has changed a lot from last week: Andy Perrin IS now out of the hospital and getting back into the swing of camp. He got out of the hospital just in time, as had he been in one more day he would have been dropped from camp because of missing too much work. Paul Cooper and Madden are “confined to quarters”, Cooper with an infection on his foot, and Madden with a wrenched back resulting from a fall in a tennis game. We still haven’t got a taste of tbs' famed Fort Knox dust as yet, as it rains too often for dust to form. In fact, there is a saying in Battery A that every timq
Sergeant Allen (Battery A’s supply sergeant) walks down the battery street it rains. RSOP As time passes, we are learning more and more about “RSOP”, about which we have studied "during the past year at school. “RSOP” (spoken are-sop) means reconnasaince, selection, and oi*ganization of position. We have encountered many things not covered by the book. It may be coincidence or otherwise, but to date every position selected has been in a blackben-y patch. The blackberries are just ripening, too. Last Saturday we had our first foi'mal inspection. This amounts to getting the trucks and all equipment well cleaned and then setting everything up out in the field for inspection. Following the inspecting, Battery A went on a road trip over very bad roads and got everything dirty again. Some o} our road trips are taken for the purpose of getting stuck so that we get the practice of operating vehicles on the worst types of roads.
Sessions Will Carry Through For Four Days Educators from every section of the country will converge on the campus July 10 for the second annual Educational Leaders’ Clinic which will continue through July 13. Morning, afternoon and evening sessions of lectures and round-table discussions will occupy most of the educators’ time. Some of the well known men in the educational field who are scheduled to appear on the clinic’s programs are Dean Thomas E. Benner, dean of the college of education at the University of Illinois; Dean L. A. Pechstein, of the University of Cincinnati; H. B. Bruner, teachers college, Columbia University; and John M. Dorsey, doctor with the children’s center, Detroit, Mich. Chairman for the various sessions include John Linebarger, Indiana state supervisor of education for the WPA; President Wm. C. Dennis of Earlham College; C. 0. Dahle, principal of University High School, Bloomington, Indiana; Roswell C. Puckett, principal of Bloom Township High School, Chicago Heights, 111.; Foit Wayne Superintendent of Schools Merle J. Abbett; Francis Flynn, University of Notre Dame; and Dean of Purdue’s graduate school, R. G. Dukes. During the last three days of the clinic, educational publishers will hold an exhibit at the University.' Leading educational publishers of the United States are cooperating in this exhibit which will be open to the public. One Hour Graduate Credit One hour of graduate credit will be available to all attendants of the clinic who submit to an examination following the clinic. The conference, however, will be free to all attending except those who take the examination. Living accommodations for delegates may be made by writing Mr. G. 0. Arbuckle, manager of Cary Halls for men, or Miss Helen B. Schleman, director of Women’s Residence Halls, Purdue University, Lafayette, Indiana. ^^Adoramus Te” Closes Music School Sunday As the climaxing feature of the music leadership training school which has been in session here since June 23, the sacred cantata, “Adoramus Te” was presented in a public pex’formance by a choir of 75 voices on Sunday afternoon, July 2, at 3 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall. The choir which presented the progi'am was composed of the regular summer session chorus plus the students who have been enrolled in the music leadership training school. Joseph W. Clokey, the composer of “Adoramus Te”, is a native of Indiana who is becoming known as one of the outstanding winters of safcred music in the United States. He now resides in California. The solo parts of the cantata were sung by a number of well known artists. The soprano roles were handled by Violet Kiser Morrow, formerly of Lafayette, who now resides in English, and Charlotte Friend Stewart, of Lafayette; contralto, Arsene Summers, Lafayette; tenor, Marvin Smith, Lafayette; baritone, Joseph F. Shepherd, Geneva, and Charles Howe, Lafayette.4:
THE PURDUE SUMMER EXPONENT
Thursday, July 6, 1939
In Defense Of The NYA “Is The National Youth Administration Communistic?” querries an article in the July 8 issue of Liberty magazine, which attempts to suggest that the “worm of subversive activities is concealed in the core of its apple.” The NYA is in reality divided into three parts. At the top of the organization is Aubrey Williams, national NYA director, -while under him are state directors, as Indiana’s Robert S. Richey. The administration then branches off into NYA school aid, Quentin Wert, director, and the Works Progress Division NYA, Gerald F. DeLoe, director. Under the school division comes college ir aid, handled through the dean of men or school president, and the high school aid, handled through the high school principal or dean of boys. The other division is handled through district supervisors (six in Indiana), area superintendents, and project superintendents. Under new legislation, this latter branch has been virtually divorced from the WPA. V//.0 s A Radical? Whenever a new policy is formed the cry of “radical” is always raised, perhaps even by another “radical.” The article charges that radicalism has bitten deeply into our educational system, that many teachers and some principals are radicals, that they discriminate in favor of radical students. Communism is discussed in American colleges, it IS true. But where else is a better place to study and discuss such a movement? We wonder ]ust who made those charges. Personally, we've held an NYA job for three years, and have yet to hear anything about Communism. Other NYA workers in this and other schools must have felt the same puzzled reaction to the article. Mr. Farwell Carson, author of the article, states that “ninety per cent of all those who receive aid from the NYA must come from families on relief.” He fails to state, however, that this clause doesmot apply in any manner to the college and high school workers, but only to those NYA workers who are not enrolled in school. On several points he gives the reader a one-sided picture of the NYA organization. The article states that the NYA deserves nation-wide support, then turns around to say that the American Youth Congress endorses the NYA (with some qualifications), but that its endorsement is no recommendation. We will not condone the AYC, but we do note some ambiguity of statement.
PURDUE EXPONENT
Entered as second class matter at the post ofHce in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, afet of Oct 3, 1917, authorized Jan 20, 1922. PublishedJ|feily except Monday during the regular academic yefll^nd weekly during the summer session Summer mail subscription $0 50.
Editor-in-Chief
Business Manager
R. E. Insley
W. E. Smith, Jr.
D G Terrio Editorial Director E M Antonmi Advertising Manager Kolfe Jenkins Sports Editor J H McKee, Jr Associate Editor OFFICES Editorial Union Bldg , Eoom E—4005 Business 312 N Fifth, Lafayette—5038 This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint All unsigned editorials are wiitten by the editorial director. HEPUESENTED FOB NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY “ National Advertising Service, Inc. Collef& Publishers Retrescntative 420 Madison Ave New York NY. CHICAGO - Boston ^ San Francisco Los ANGELES - Portland - Seattle
Member Associated Collegiate Press
MID,
Editorial Tragedy
The article itself ties up directly with an editorial by publisher Bernarr Macfadden, great physical culturist and founder of Physical Culture magazine, which bemoans the fact that the NYA did not accept his plan of calisthenic physical development drills and sports which he started in five Alabama cities. The editorial is entitled . . . “The Greatest Tragedy of My Life.” The value of such a program cannot be denied as a body-builder and wholesome activity for underprivileged youth . . . but it will not put food in their stomachs nor clothes on their backs. This is probably why the NYA did not continue the plan itself, although such a program might well be carried out in the future. We’re pretty sure that Liberty’s red-bait-ing cry will be scoffed at in colleges and high schools. The red scare concerning the other class of NYA work impresses us but little. Perhaps, not getting his physical culture program, Mr. Macfadden outlined an article which would belittle the NYA, following Aesop’s Fable of “Sour Grapes.” Perhaps if the NyA had taken over his proposal, an article of the sugar-and-honey variety might have appeared in Liberty.
ED’S NOTE: It is with a deep (too deep for you, dear reader) feeling of regret that I bid all you scandal mongers good-bye. Things have just gotten too hot for me and my present scarcity of friends leads me to believe that the life of a B & B editor is not the sort of existence that I desire. This is my way of bidding you a respectful adieu. Your new editor hopes to keep his identity unknown so that he can roast you to a fare-thee-well. Hope he succeeds, “the optomist”. B&B Dear Bold and Black Editor, What’s this rumor about that suave, sophisticated smoothie, “Don Juan” Sinish looking for a “One and Only” on the Indiana Campus. Can’t the Lothaiio of the Lochinvars be satisfied with local talent? •—Sjveet Shop Sally B&B Sorry, ve can’t furnish you with information concerning Smish’s romantic ventures into other fields Sal, but we can refer the “Local Lochinvar” to some telephone numbers. Call 4051 and ask for a housemother—she can probably convince you that distant pastures look greener. Or maybe we should say that you aie “green” to the distant pastures. B&B At last we have some long awaited pin news—Schickler was in town ovei the week-end and the absence of a ceitain Kappa Sig pin was quite noticeable to some— to otheis it was sign to sharpen then knives The mid-week holiday gave us time out to do a little thinking and in our wandeimg thoughts we paused to obseive that “Stiaight Shooter” Maitens was wealing her pm—we wondei, was it because the true love is
back in town again. How does ske do it? B&B If you run into Bob Deckard, ask him for a cigafette—Yes, you guessed it—Caroline “Philip Morris Queen” Scott is also among those back “just checking up,” B&B Speaking of pins—^what strange power does Tony “JITTERBUG” Juska have over women to put his pm out for a week and then get it back because she doesn’t think he cares enough about her. What’s the matter Tony? Did Ostrander tell you that she was interested in flying ? Sometimes (always) women talk too much for their own good Jane—especially if they don’t know who they are talking to. B&B Prom News . . . Your social committee is really on the ball. Altho they haven’t a band yet we have their promise that they will get one of the finest second-rate jitterbug ham bands in the county. If your cousin manages a group of amateurs apply to this dept, and we will give you a plug for the job—don’t forget our cut. B&B Food and Nutrition Suggestions.
ARC
Cool Washed Air
We put this American flag in the edit column just as an afterthought ... so somebody would not accfise us of being a Communist!
C. U. Gramefspacher . . . ag ’21, and Dubois county Demociatic chairman, is not only a politician but an inventor. Monday Dubois leceived a check fiom a major lubber company for 18 thousand dollais foi a blow-out-pioof inner tube Gianelspecher is geneial manager of the Jasper Wood Pi'oducts Company,
Leon Biachman, Haivard University freshman, doesn’t believe m piivacy. In fact, he’s such a strong non-believer that his loom is jammed full of staring, dead-pan dolls who glare at him fiom all corners of his room. Reason: His chief hobby IS doll collecting '— but don’t make any wise-cracks in his presence, for he’s also an amateur boxer of no mean reputation.
Healthfully Cooled MARS TODAY - FRI. - SAT.
One Long Loud Laugh! < The TCID’...Yokel boy JOAN..41 pm ended her , goes to townt bubble dance oareerl
Healthfully Cooled LUNA TODAY - FRI. - SAT. Two First Run Hits
EXTRA! 5 _ DAYS — 5 TUES. to SAT., July 11-15
Louis vs, Galento
Blow by Blow at the ringside. See Louis floored twice. Fust Run and only times shown in Lafayette
with DONALD WOODS EVELYN VENABLE — Plus — “Big House” Thrills!
SUNDAY - MONDAY DOUBLE FEATURE Bonita GRANVILLE John Litel in ^^Nancy Drew, Trouble Shooter” Plus — Wallace BEERY Tom Brown in ^‘Sergeant Madden”
Healthfully Cooled LAFAYETTE TODAY - FRI. - SAT. DOUBLE FEATURE
9-».WITHERS jBOY FRIEND 1 A 20lb Cenfury-Fox Picture — Plus Bieioam €m4 Barton MQdkm i lornBmmJ g
Starts SUNDAY
Irene Dunne I Fred MacMurrag I "INVITAITON TO HAPPINESS' A Paromounr PI„u,e CHAHUE buggies
We hear that Pat Potter will take up dairy farming upon graduation. Her cows will produce something new and different in the line of milk—at her preview the other night she gave samples of that new cold amber cow juice—must have been milk bec|iuse they drank it in the dairy. j B&B-.^ DOUBLE MARS FASSES — Save yourself some money. We are again offering passes to the Mars for the best contribution to this column. Double-cross your best friend and take your best girl to the show on the passes. Your new editor will need some contribs if he expect^ to have a column—I know, there hasn’t been one up to this point. Thanks for listening and 73’s ’till next week.
(51
AIR CONDITIONED COOL NE]W MAIN TODAY - FRI. - SAT. DOUBLE FEATURE
Laughs and Thrills Race Neck and Neck!
with JOHN LITEL mu SHERIDAN FRANK McHUGH _ JANET CHAPiViAN Directid by JOHN FARROW
— Plus — Here’s Action from the Word Go! With ANNE NAGEL ROBERT KENT — Also — Mother Goose Cartoon
ARC
Cool Washed Air
TODAY - FRI. - SAT. THRILL TO BUCK’S NEWEST WESTERN YARN! is.
STOWSS Jonathan Hale . Jerom© ©owar Neil Hamilton • Barry Fitzgerak — also — “Hawk of the Wilderness”
SUNDAY - MONDAY Re-live these thundering
and
hlitSTftMliiMG SCREEN ENTERTAINMENT wdh JOHN BARRYMORE Peter Holden Yireinla Weidler iKO RADIO Picluro
VARIETY... Edwood is laid outito keep you interested — water holes — hills — long and short holes — perfect greens and an ideal clubhouse. Stop out this afternoon. 9 Weekdays, 35c half day 9 Sundays and Holidays, 45c half day EDWOOD GLEN
/Thursd&y, July 6, 1939
THE PURDUE SUMMER EXPONENT
Fielders’
Choice
By Rob’t J. Deckard By your personal interest in the
maker backfield for the last three years and stood out as one of ^he finest fullbacks ever to wear a Gold and Black uniform. Tony is a native of Chicago and weighs 186-pounds. ^
1938 Boilermaker football campaign, you Boilermaker grid fans have indicated that you like to see the members of the local combination go to town in every game in which they played. Now with the sixth annual AlhStar game coming off , on the night of August 30 in Soldiers Field, Chicago, here is another chance to prove your loyalty to a bunch of Boilermaker pigskinners who were seniors this last year and are eligible to play in the game against the New York. Giants, champions of the National Professional league. —-fc—
PAUL HUMPHREY, co-captain and center on the ’38 squad, who broke up any number of line "plays while on defense and was a great part of the attack during his three years of campaigning in a Boilermaker suit. Paul totes 189-pounds around and comes from Terre Haute.
TONY JUSKA, fullback, who. turned in a bang-up game every time he entered the lineup. He is a 190-pounder and hails from Chicago.
All you have to do is go to the Union desk. Decker’s or University drug store and pen your John Henry to Exponent ballots which have been made out for these men so that they may play in the game. ^—fc—•
JAMES MALONEY, guard, who was a spark plug in the Boilermaker line for three years, winning the respect of all players who faced him. Jim pulls a uniform' over a 179-pound frame, and his home is Chicago.
Here they are: JOE MIHAL, co-captain and tackle on last year’s combination, who became the outstanding athlete at Purdue and in the "Westei’n Conference lasf^ear. He tips the scales at 215-pounds and is a Gary boy. TONY IPPOLITO, fullback, who played like a demon in the Boiler-
WILLIAM VERGANE, tackle, who towered over all the players" while on the field and could well take care of his duties as a Riveter lineman. Bill was the heaviest man on the team last year, weighing 238-pounds, and he was a sixfoot, six-incher. He is a Michigan City lad. ■—fc— . So come on, you guys and gals, give these boys your entire support by voting for them at the Union desk.
V -'-i
Try these spots which are favorite with everyone — and especially so during hot weather.
weet
Si
O’
7
Try All Three
— and at each, you will be met with — courteous service — excellent food — and, of course, your friends.
pyfiDUt
memoRifiL
Corner of the Campus I yet the Center
of Campus Activities
Mixed Gol mis Tourneys Plannei
issuing in a new summer session program, the women’s physical education staff will sponsor two mixed toui-naments, u golf tournament beginning July 13, and a tennis tournament beginning the next week. The tournaments are open to both students and faculty members registered in the University,
Exponent Sponsors For All-Star Grid
Summer Baseball Nine Wins First
Voting Opens Saturday, Closes July 22/ Coaches* Poll Later
All persons,, both men and women, interested in playing in the tournament may sign soon in the lobby of the Women’s gymnasium. Any person entering the tourney need not have a partner to enter the tournament, as partners will be assigned by the committee to those who have entered the tournament alone. Schedules for the tournament will be announced in the Exponent a few days after all entrants have signed.
Two teams were sent onto the field for the summer session varsity last Friday as it defeated the Lawson Dairy at intramural field, 14-6. Don Blanken opened the game on the mound for the winners, and was replaced by Krzewinski in the fourth. Peel, former Boilermaker star athlete, started the game behind the plate.
The sixth annual poll to select the All-American football squad which will play the New York Giants, champions of the National Professional league, in Soldiers Field, Chicago, on the night of August 30, will get underway Saturday morning, with the Exponent sponsoring booths for Boilermaker gridmen, who have announced their candidacy for positions on the squad, at the University drug store, Decker’s, and the Union desk. '
Ari-angements are being completed by Miss Hilda Schwehn, chairman of golf; Miss Marjorie Case, chairman of tennis.
The remainder of the starting lineup consisted of Smithson, Bi’ock, Galvin, > and Sapp in the infield and Petty, Bartz, and Moser in the outfield.
The Boilermakers include Joe Mihal, tackle; Paul Humphreys, Cfenter; Tony Ippolito, fullback; Tony Juska, fullback; James Maloney, guard, and Bill Vergane, tackle.
First Royffid Of Temnis ;ars Close
Play is continuing in the tennis singles tournament. Most of the matches of the first round have been completed. W. E. Britt announces that all must have been played by this evening, arid that the winners’ names be affixed to the sheet posted in the Fieldhouse.
Coach Burnham and Harry Kemmer of Ross Camp plan to continue the annual series between the camp and campus nines, but no date has as yet been set for the first game. If arrangements, can be made, there will be a game tomorrow on intramui-al field, with either the campers or another local team facing the summer session nine.
Each voter should name eleven players, one for each position, the eleven players receiving the largest number of votes comprising the starting team.
Summer Session Golf
A schedule will be posted for matches in the second round of the single elimination tourney as soon as. those results are turned in. The schedule will be posted along with the results of the first round on the bulletin boards in the Fieldhouse.
New York’s world’s fair Court of Sport will hold a Purdue Day some time later this summer, according to tentative plans which will be completed before the summer session is over. The Court of Sport is holding a series of salutes to various college flags, and Avill present the program for Purdue probably sometime in August.
The 11 players chosen as AllAmei’icans must start the game against the Giants, provided they join the squad and are physically fit on the night of the game. If, however, a player named to the starting lineup fails to report, or is injured in practice after reporting and is unable to start, the player receiving the second largest number of votes for that position must start the game. Later, of course, the coaches may substitute and change the lineup as they see fit.
If the entries in the summer session golf tournament reach 16, the tournanient will be held as usual, according to M. L. Clevett. How-
evei-, there must be 16 entered, he
says. ^ At this time only four persons have signified interest in summer session golf. Two entry blanks are posted in the Fieldhouse.
starting positions, but there will probably be five for each position. Last year the squad numbered 66.
All college and university football players, provided they were seniors during the 1938 season and completed their eligibility, are candidates for membership for the AllAmerican squad. Eleven will win
The players’ poll will end on July
22, and the coaches’ poll will begin
July 23 and end on August 6. As in other year’s, first place on
the ballot will count three points;
place, two points, third
seconc|.
place, one”point.
West- Side Gleaners
When you start thinking about vacation clothes — do not worry about them. Just send them to West Side Cleaners for a super de-luxe cleaning. When you get them back, you’ll'see why our service is the favorite. Call our plant today. We pick up^^nd deliver.
Phone 4081
Northwestern at Vine
ECKER’S
Phone 6477
DECKER’S
Main 518
e DonT Miss a Thing!
Your car couldn’t get a better inspection if we put it under a microscope. Anderson’s will give you a summer “safety” tuneup that gives more for your money in service— equipment — and thoroughness. Expert mechanics work on your car at Anderson’s.
PETER ANDERSON CO.
6th & Alabama Sts. “after you we come first”, ♦ 4
THE PURDUE SUMMER EXPONENT
Thursday, July 6, 1939
If '•jh'
fe’-
G. E. Lbmmel Named Head OF State Planning Board George E. Lommel, professor of topographical engineering in the school of civil engineering, who has been a member of the Indiana State Planning Board since it was first organized, has been named chairman of the board to succeed Virgil M. Simmons, director Of the Department of Conservation, it was announced recently by Governor M. Glif- ^ ford Townsend.
WSGA Culture Conference Talks Printed Recently Proceedings of the first Conference on Contemporary Culture at the University, sponsoi’ed by the Women’s Self-Government Association last November 16 and 17, were just recently published. The complete text of the noted speakers on Americanism, Marriage and Youth Problems, Interdependent Living, Nutritional Science and its Social Aspects, The Theatre, Music in Modern Culture, Modei'n Poetry, Creativeness in Sculpture, and The Dance is fully given. There is a foreword by Frances/ McKee, B.S. 1939. The confei-ence was arranged by Mary Alice Learning, president of the Association, Betty Elstun, chariman, and Mary Cooley, subchairman, assisted by a faculty advisory committee of ten members.
FAIR TODAY
by Stewart Wolfe Several college students threw cracked corn on the floor during the windup of the dove dance act, in which the birds act as a protective screen for pretty Rosita Royce. It is said that the hungry doves deserted Rosita in a body, leaving her quite alone .. . Several Purdueites had something like' this in mind when they left for the Fair. We wonder'* .... Life magazine revisited the Fair last week. Whats more the editors had a good time. They said the girls in N. T. G.’s Congress of Beauty strolled about in leaf costumes after the show. Wow!! Radio “Hams” had a big bang out of their convention on Independence day. There’s so much fireworks display at the Lagoon of Nations that it seems like a perpetual 4th of July. Last week they had a celebration at the Children’s World, complete to miniature Grover Whalen; gardenia and all . . . The big event this week is the visit of the U. S. Naval contingent. Chief “G” man, J. Edgar Hoover decided to try the parachute ride in the amusement area. When John was safely strapped in, his love for the ground overcame him and he yipped—Let me out of .§this thing! J. Edgar is afraid of everything but criminals ... New York ..area school children are let in free by the thousands every day by a gracious Fair management. They are allowed the purchase of twenty admissions for only two dollars. We like Winchell’s deflnition— New York is a place where visitors from Cedar Rapids gaze at visitors from Racine, Wisconsin and ejaculate, “Look at those New
Prof. Lommel has had nearly thirty years experience in planning work and has long been recognized as one of the leaders in the planning program of the state as well as the middle west. He has been secretary-treasurer of the Indiana City Plan Association since it was organized in 1923 and the present chairman of the West Lafayette City Plan Commission, of which he has been a member since its organization. Lommel was graduated from Purdue in civil engineering in 1910, and following graduation, launched his career as chief draftsman for the Indianapolis Park Board. Later he went to Los Angeles, Calif., as landscape engineer, and in the fall of 1912 joined the Purdue civil engineering staff, taking charge of organizing the planning instruction at the University. In addition to his instructional work in the University, Prof. Lommel has done a great deal of work in making the state “planning conscious” through his extension work with the engineering extension department, organizing various short courses and conferences, and has also frequently been called into consultation by various city plan commissions. He is a member of the American Society of Planning Officials, the National Planning and Civic Association, National Association of Housing Officials, and State Housing Board. Columbian Park’s ... . . . new s'vyimming pool opened on the Fourth of July, and ■will be open every day from 1 until 10 o’clock. Admission is 25 Cents for adults, and 10 cents for children under 14. Free mornings for children will start soon, although this schedule has not been arranged. Ag Teachers End Convention Here At the final business session of the twenty-fifth annual convention oi^he Indiana Teachers of Vocational Agriculture held this Friday, June 30, Bruce Hary, of Scottsburg, was elected as president; W. L. Mowery, Warren Twp., Marion county, vice-president; H. B. Taylor, Purdue, secretary, and W. K. Young, Loogootee, treasurer. Three new directors named were A. C. Sharp, Knightstown; W. A. Williams, Decker Chapel, and W. C. BraVaman, Salem. At the banquet of the “Ten Year, Club”, composed of teachers who have been in service ten or more years, D. S. Dyson, of Summittville, was elected as president, Paul Imel, of Monrovia ,as vicepresident, and Walter Kolb, of Andei’son, as secretary-treasurer.
Yorkers, why they don’t dress any different than people at home.” As a reminder the west desk of the Union will have 300 copies of “Free at the Fair”; take one.
H. G. “Deac” .REISNER College Book Store * '■ . “Everything for a college education”
Whatever Your Floral Needs CLfli’s Hflvt m fintsT satcio Of ROW foil ALL OCCflSlS
latk
Phone 5423
522 Main St.
Ether Edits By Hank Miller Tohight . . . Jack “Baron Munchausen” Pearl and Lou “Sam Lepedus” Holtz will battle it out on Vallee’s show at 6 on WMAQ . . . Frid^ night . . . Frank Munn -will sing/a new song by Peter ‘Deep Purple’ DeRose called “The Lamp is Low,” based on Ravel’s Pavane. Abe Lman’s orchestra will supply the background at 7:00 on NBC Red. If you can stand to listen to the National Barn . Dance at 7 Saturday night over WLS, you can hear Bill ‘Triple Threat’. Thompson in skits portraying his three famous ether characters; The Old Timer, Horatio K. Boomer, and Nick (The Greek) De Popolus . . . at 8 over WMAQ, Benny Goodman will start his new series of Caniel Caravans ... a new mechanical gadget that talks and sings will be heard in a spepial broadcast at 8:30 over NBC Blue. . . Sunday^ at 6, Charlie McCarthy will interview Tony Galento to get«4}ie inside of his meeting with Joe Louis ... at 7:30, Ed Hill will go to bat for Walter WinchelL over WENR. Monday night at 6:30 over WLS-WENR RCA will present the third in the new series of summer Magic Key programs which deserve listening to. Last week, Chai’lie Barnett and his orchestra were featured while this time it’s to be Gleen Miller and his popular orchestra. Tuesday at 11:15 , a. m. WBBMWGN and NBC Blue will air the All-Star baseball game from Yankee Stadium with a competent staff at the mike.
Here’s something that we’ve been thinking for a long time but lately it’s been brought more and more to our attention. Have you noticed the large amount of time on all types of programs that is being devoted to patriotic songs and talks? Walter Winchell started the ball rolling some time back with his weekly editorials on nationalism and the patriotic spirit, Kate Smith fell into line by plugging the new spng God Bless America, and many shows have presented skits emphasizing our freedom of speech and press and our rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. With the type of radio setup that we have here in the USA, we can be sure that these sentiments come from the hearts of the people and not from a ‘minister of propaganda’ as in some countries. We can be thankful that we have the setup in this country we have and
Walters/ Greenly Edit IPI Minutes Proceedings of the Industrial Personnel Institute held at the University June 22-26, 1939, have just been published in a bulletin of the Purdue Extension Series. It is edited by Dr. J. E. Walters, director of personnel, schools of engineering and science, and R. J. Greenly, associate professor of trade and industrial education. Last week Purdue University was host to the 1939 Industrial Personnel Institute, at a four-day meeting, June 21-24, at which 226 personnel leaders were present. sure that with it, no amount of ‘—ism’ propaganda will ever have much chance of tajd^g root. 73’s and enjo^^le listening till next week.
SoFtball Teams To Play Second Games Today On Intramural Field 'N Softball teams -will play the second game of the summer session league schedule today at 4 p. m. on intramural field.' Each week from now on there will be two games, one on Tuesday and one on Thursday. . Last wdek the PE Schbol, Faculty, Theta Chi and Beta Theta Pi were the winners. The schedule today follows: Diamond 6—PE School vs. Phi Tau Ramblers. Diamond 7—Cary Hall Tigers vs. Faculty. Diamond 8—Delta Tau Delta vs. Tau Eps and Sig Pis. Diamond 9—Beta Theta Pi vs. Theta Chi.
to write
It’s Too Hot
... too hot to read’em
So we just want to say,
Htt-PCOOL--
Crown Laundry
SPRING AND SUMMER SUITS
$32.50 to $35.00 Values
$21.50 to $25.00 Values
Hart, Schaffner & Marx
including Hart, Schaffner & Marx
$24'^®
$^4.95
Home of Hart, Schaffner & Marx Clothes
C
CLOTHEWHOP'WC
MORE
DRIVE!
To give you energy to add to your pep and stamina this summer, be sure your meals give you plenty of milk. Milk will give you Aplenty of DRIVE to carry you through tough battles — in sport and business.
SUNSHINE FARMS