*.
Screen Review Shows Movie Shorts In Music Hall Today From 3-6
Sporti Gctbpo Bdilerftidker - indiciaf Charity Cage Cont4»t;
Established 1889
Daily Since 1906
Mpliime 53, No. 122
West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, February t9.
Elward Resigns is
vttSiwaoM MERHr-60' IIOUM
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
Ensign R. L Chifds Elward AAakes Application To Rejoin
Alaskan Devefiopment Lags While Secretary Stimson Catches On WASHINGTON,'Peb. 18.—With Japan extending long lines of communications down to the Dutch East Indies, it has become more and more evident that the only way the United States is going to win the battle of the Pacific is (1) by cutting off Japan’s supply lines via China;^ (2) by striking direct blows at the main island of Japan. Regarding the first of these, it is already planned to bolster the Chinese army in order to disrupt Japanese operations. With the Burma Road dosed, however, this would be a long, tedious job of shipping and flying half way round the world. Second step, bombing the paper and bamboo cities of Tokyo, Kobe ami Osaka is more praeticalfie. So fav, the Russians have held out against using Siberia a.s a bombing base, for the reason that Vladivostok i.s squeezed between the Japanese army, on two sides-^and a lot of Russian soldiers from the SibeI'ian Army have l)ecn sent to the Moscow front. Meanwhile, Alaska, whose Aleutian Islands jut out to within a few mile.s from' Asia, obviou.sly are th(‘ best air stopj)ihg stones to Japan. However, almost unbelievable obstacles have been thrown in the path of developing Alaska. For instanee, one thing which ,Secretary Ickes has wanted for two years is to build a highway from Seattle to Alaska. At present there is no way of reaching Alaska except by boat, which is precarious in wartime, or by airplane. So the Interior Department got the State Department to write both the Canadian Government and the U„S. War Department about Iniilding the road. The Canadian.s didn’t enthuse;, hut they didn’t say no. The War Depaitment’s position, however, was amazing. Assistant Secretary of State of State Berle wrote Secretary of War Stimson a very tactful letter iiv which he assumed that the War Department wanted the road built, and therefore, he inquired which of several routes Secretary Stimson considered to be of great(Goiitinucd on page 2)
Talks To Students On Cadet Training Representing the Naval Aviation Cadet Selection Board, Ensign Robert L. Childs of the United States Naval Reserve, addressed a meeting of approximately 30 sophomores, juniors and senior’s intei’ested in Cadet Training yesterday at 4 p. m. in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building. Childs explained recent changes made in rules governing enlistment in Naval Reserve Aviation and answered questions from the floor concerning en- — i
listment regulations, physical examinations and other; fields
of work in the Navy.
New Enlistment Rules
A.s explained by Ensign Childs, there have been two hew enlistment rules passed. The first provides for the postponement of active duty for the new cnrollces until the close of the school year in
May. ,
The second new rule permits sophomores who are now passing in .school work to enlist in Cadet Training. They may prove their good standing with the Univcr!3ity either by a recommendation from a University staff member or by a letter from the registrar. Intcrview.s Today, Tomorrow Today and tomorrow from f) a. m. until p. m., Childs and a Navy doctor will be in the Conference Room.of the Executive Building to interview and examine applicants for Cadet Training. This comprises the entire physical examination given for entrance into Naval Reserve Aviation and is vhlid for six months following the date of ex-
amination.
If, however, the trainee is rejected as a result of physical examination given after reporting for duty, he will he released from the service. Child.s said that Navy phy.sical requirememts have not
been lowered.
If a student who lia.s been enlisted fails to complete the c<iuivalonl of tvvo years’ eollcgo. work by May 01' “waslies out” of flying
training, he will remain in the taken from the WRH social fund, Naval Reserve and will be given the causing the amount of money to be opportunity to apply for a commis- spent for parties and dances to bo
sion in another lu'anch suitable to decreased considerably.,
his liking. Dean Sti'atton said that she was Other Ucquircmcnt.s delighted and glad to sec the girls Along with the physical require- make this fine move. At the same ments, it is still neci'ossary that ap- time, the coeds voted to subscribe,
plicants be unmarried and between individually, the ages of nineteen and twenty- liiombershijn
Helen Young
Women's Residence Halls Vote To Donate $200 To Relief Drive “Feeling that national (iefonsc defense comes before thcii- own pleasure, the girls of WHR voted to donate .$200 to the relief drive,” annouiieod Miss Helen Schlornan, director of the AVomen’s Residence
Halls. :
The bill was suggested by the governing hoard and put before the girls at largo who passed it by an 8-1 percent majority. This money will be
to the Rod Cross
SAE Members To Pick New Officers Tonight New officers for the Society of Aiu tomotive Engineers will be selected
seven and have their parent’s or guardian’s permission for enlist-
ment.
Upon l•epol■t^ng for duty, the cadets will be given three months training in a physical and ground
school at one of the .state univer- pt a meeting at 7.:30 p. m. tonight in sitie.s recently selected as Naval room .303 of the Union. A new polReservo ccntei's. Following this, icy is being followed this semester they will he given throe months because of the change in the semespriniary flight training at Glenview ter plan.. Potential officer.s will be and a final three months training elected during their junior year and at either Pensacola, Corpus Christ! will be under the leadership of the or Jacksonville before receiving piosent senior officers until after the their commissions. end of the semester, at which time
Answering The Call To Arms The . . . Ebbeler Family Boasts Of 4 Officers In Army Service; Fifth Will Receive Commission Soon
RANDOLPH FIELD, Texas, Fel). 1!) (Special to Exponent).—One or two Army Commissions would be quite enough for any ordinary family, but then, the fighting Ebbelors of Lafayette, Ind., constitute no ordinary tribe. They boast four officers and unotluti' on(? on the way who will fly for the R.A.F. Four out of the live are Purdue ex('s, with three degrees and sixteen year.s ol college work hotween tliem. l''rom the youngest, Harold, 25— a flight instrnclor at the “West Point of the Air”-—to the oldest, Paul, 3(1, who is a lieut(;nant in the Quartermaster Corps, Seat 11 e, Wash., the five brothei's have estahlishetl a military record'(luite unique —40 years of collective service. Also, they’re now scattcu'cd anywhere from 1,000 Lo d,850 miles from
home, minimum and maximum. Here’s the I'ccord; Harold is a Second Lieutenant in the Air Corps, has had four yeafs of National Guard service, and four years of .ROTC at Purdue, where ho received a mechanical onginoering degree in 1038. Bill, 28, attended Purdue for two years, 1035-37, was in the National Guard six years, was in the CCC for two years, and is now an RAF leading aircraftsman at Summerside, Prince Edwaixi Island (off New Brunswick). He will he commissioned shortly, but would like to transfer to the U. S. Army Air Corps. Ceorge, ’20, was awarded a degi'ee in (Ihumical Engineering at Purdue in 103'1, now a reserve lieutenant in the Ordnance Depart-
ment. He ha.s had four years of National Guard training, and two years of ROTC. .Now in Milwaukee, he has taken his physical examination prior to bcin.g called into active duty. Four A'ear.sof ROTC Donald, 32, was a Boilermaker from 1030-33, then again from 193()30, when lie received ,a degree in Electrical Engineering. Ho lias had six years of National Guard work, four years in ROTC at Purdue, and is now a Lieutenant in the Signal Corps, attached to the Air Corps in Iceland. , Paul ha.s had eight years service with the Indiana National Guard, 138 Ambulance Corps, 113 Medical Regiment—to vvhich all five Ehlielers have been attached at one time or another.
Skull And Crescent To Continue Ticket Sales For Cotillion Ticket sales fob the Sophomore Cotillion Friday, Feb. 27, annually sponsored by Skull and Crescent and this year featuring Johnny Long and his orchestra, opened at 8 yesterday morning in the Cashier’s Office in the Executive Building. 750 bids \vcr(/ offered to sophomores at the price of $1.65. Sales will begin tomorrow for juniors and seniors and for other students on Monday. Organized At Duke Long has been an orchestra director since the beginning of his professional music career with a campus band organized during his freshman year at Duke University. With eight of the eleven original membcr.s still playing in his band, Long has played at the Chase Hotel, St. Louis, and the Copley Plaza Hotel, Boston, and more recently he has played at the Roseland Ballroom and for a recordbreaking five-month performance at the New Yorker. He is no-w' making a nation-wide tour and comes to the University from a one-week stand at the Chicago Theatre. Featured feminine, vocalist with the orchestra is Helen Young. Although she started her theatrical career as a dancer, she was engaged by Long after he heal’d Her voice on a recorded radio program. She has been with the band, her first singing job, for three years and -handles all the novelty numbers for the oi’chcstra. Conforming to the new coed hour schedule, which permits one o’clock hours on Cotillion night, the dance will last from 9 to 12:30. Passports will be required for admission. Men, Women Receive Night Class Awards In connection with the engineering defense training program, the University recently awarded certificates to 2,481 men and women for completion of their work in night classes held in 44 industrial centers throughout the state. Of those, more than 840 trainees who enrolled in the fifteen different branches of engineering. Increased Enrollment According to Prof. C. W. Beese, director of the program for the Univei’sity, the enrollment for the second three months term, which will begin within the nbxt few weeks, will be much larger than the first quarter. Proposals for more than 335 classes and 7,500 students for this term have already been submitted to the United States Office of Education. Among these classes will be courses that are designed to meet the unprecedented need for radio technicians and other types of engineers in the defense industries. Also, in the new plan, day classes w'ill be set up in many centers and district offices will be established in Indianapolis, Muncio, Fort Wayncj East Chicago, Evansville and Jefl'ersonMcCarrell To Speak At Bible Coinference Sponsored by the Lafayette Bible Conference Association, the t'wo day conference, which is meeting in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union, will feature Dr. William MeCarrell of Cicero, 111,, as its main speaker in the final meeting today. The confer-^ ence will convene at 2 j). in. and at 7 :‘30 tonight and is open to the public. '
Coach Follows Many Other Prominent Sports Figures A. H. “Mai” Elward last night tendered his resignation as head football coach to President Elliott and the Board of Trustees. Coach Elward, who has been attached to the Purdue coaching staff for over 15 years, announced simultarieoUsly that he has made application to rejoin the United States Navy, the branch of the service which he served four years duri^ and following the last war. By taking this action Elward joins many other promineiat Western Conference athletic figures, including Bemie Bierman of Minnesota and Burt Ingwersen of Northwestern, who ■ —— have decided that they can
Six Short Subjects
Mat Elward
Elliott Comments— “Personally, 1 regret Mai Elward’s resignation.However, all of his many friends in and out of the University applaud his decision to rejoin the Navy where men of his ability and force are needed and will count for so much during the days ahead. The selection of his successor as football coach is going to be a difficult job. “Dr. E. C. Elliott, President.” ASMFToHold Novel 'Piefesf Next Tuesday Something new has been added to the ASME. It’s pie—and the student branch of the Amefioan Society ,.of . Mechanical Engirieers vvill have a, unique meeting, riex-t 'Tuesday, - ,F(0;t24, -iust- ■ ;H. The mbeting will be held in rocUvi 207 of the Mechanical Engineerinf liUilding at 7:30 p. ra. It will consist principally of a piefest and engineering discussion will be olit
of order.
Pie For Members In addition to .having the pie for every member who comes,, there will be a program of movies, hot technical movies, but short skits and comedies. Since this is to be a closed ■neeting, open to members only, those persons who wish to go must bring their membership cards to the main office of the ME building where they may obtain tickets. This must be done before the deadline which is noon this Saturday. This ticket together with the student membership card will then admit the member to the meeting. Leaders Will Discuss Functions Of Activities Bureau Today At 4:15 Activities Bureau is holding its annual freshman call-out today at 4:16 in the Activities Bureau office on the second floor of the Union. Jim Walley. senioi', director, will discuss the functions of the Biu-eau in general and point out the advantages of activity work in the freshman year. Outline Activities The Junior managers will outline the activities of the individual committees; Les Woehlke will describe the financial committee; Lois Thompson, interviewing; Marilyn Miles, eligibility; Bob Olson, office; Virginia Pfiaferer, handbook; arid Hal .Sqhornstein, publicity. The freshmen will be g7ven an opportunity to choose the committee on which they prefer to work. The types of work done by freshmen include postei^work, typing, and general office work.
Review Today At 3 “Screen Reviews,” the regular Thursday afternoon series of movie
best serve their country in this time of emergency by en-
listing in the service. Elward’s Statement
Elward sent the following statement of his action to the President late yesterday evening: “To the President and Trustees of
Purdue University:
“I greatly appreciate your : re-
short presentations, will undergo the to extend my contract as fifth showing in its new second sem- ^ead football coach from June/30 ester series this afternoon from 3 to December^1, 1942: - ' until 6 in the Music Hall. “However, after due and careS Short Subjects consideration of the matter; I hOTe Included in the program for the come to the conclusion 'Lha't I}c^ afternoon will be the following short. better serve ray country in fh^ge subjects: “News of the Day” at 3:47 perilous times in some bther pe^iand 4:32; “Unusual Occupations No. tion. - 2” at 3:86 and 6; “Drafted in the De- “Therefore, I have alrea^ pot,” a comedy featuring Edgar application to rejoin the ap(4 Kennedy, at 3:10, 4:16, and 3:20; hereby tender my resignation’As “Village in India,” from the Fasci- coach. ^ — mating Journeys series, at 3:30,4:35, “Respectfully submitted, and 6:40; “Happiest Man on Earth,” “Mai Elward.” of the Miniature series iit 3, 4:05, Outstanding Player ' and 6:10; and “Put Put Troubles,” Mai Elward has been active^a Disney cartoon, at 3:40, 4:45, and associated with the coaching pni^ 6:50. fession since his graduation -fit Gimlets, Reamers and Student Notre Dame in 1916. In his und#s Union workers at the door will ad- graduate days he was a teamina]te mit no one without his passport for Knute Rockne. He placed, end identification. on the Irish elevens of 1912 to 19|iL
During this period he weighed 142 pounds, but was an outstanditt’g player and was credited with inating the end shift which is nevr widely recognized as a very; fans portant phase of the Notre Daine.
system.
After four years of prep school coaching at St. John’s Prep, Panvers. Mass., Elward entered tl»e Navy as a seaman second class, ke then entered an officers training school and was commissioned as an ensign in the Naval Aviation. During the war and in the three years following,'Elward was stationed at many points over the nation, gt
(Continued on page 4)
Poll Shows College Students! On Sale Of Liquor At Camps
Cancellations Students who desire to cancel courses without grade should do so before 4:30 p. m., Wednesday, Feb. 25. Cancellations cards may be obtained from the heads of departments. These cards should be signed by the head of the school as well as by the head of the department in which the subject is given. The cards should then be placed in the Registrar’s
Office.
—Dean of Men.
Austin, Tex., Feb. 18—American college students, a great portion of whom will eventually enter the armed forces, are divided on the issue of prohibiting the sale of liquor near army camps. Sides Are Close If the problem were left to the college men alone, a Student Opinion Surveys of America poll shows, the largest number of them—nearly half—would vote to have drinks, but a majority of the coeds would dry up army areas. Adding the .votes from both sexes as cast in the hation-wide poll, the wets and the drys are within one percentage point of each other, too close, statistically to decide which side would win. “Do you think the sale of liquor should be prohibited around army camps?” interviewers in every section of the United States asked. There were the results: Pet. Unde- ' Dry Wet cided All students 48 47 5 Men only 46 49 5 Women only 52 44 4 Gf the 48 per cent who want to make it difficult for sokUers to get
liquor, the larger part would consent to the sale of beer alone. Tlie “drys” were asked, “Do you thl^ the sale of beer alone should hi allowed around army camps ?’’ Allow beer, said . 24% Do not allow beer, said... 21 Undecided ; , Si Criticism of the army’s off-dA^ discipline enforcement hdw and then, and a bill to curtail of intoxicants in the vicinity camps has even reached Congri^. Previous Studies Two previous national studii^ conducted by Student Opinion; veys have pointed out that shc .igli of every ten of the students theife,selves admit they ihdulge, hut dii the whole the majority regards Cjdlegians as moderate drinketS. tion-wide prohibition, first ili and again in 1941, was o^poAed % four-fifths of Ainerican students.;
Junior Engineers All Junior Engineers summer work are reqnesU^^t sign up in the Persoiimd this week. /V'
''jh
‘ I
I7:00 7:30 7:30
P.M.P,M.-
Thursday, February 19 First Aid Meetinjf Room 306, Union Bible Conference West Faculty Lge., Union Screen Review .........Hall of Music Purdue Players’Banquet Room 363, Union j Winter Course Society Assembly Room, Ag. Hall Bible Conference W. Faculty Lounge,
. Union
Animal Society Forum ; ....Room 304, Union P.I.A. Chorus Tower, Union Christian Student Fellowship..Room 307, Union
4 scribe in search, of viorations of Herbert Hoover’s latest, edict, that
■ ' ^ . of observing a'wheatless day on ng 1 M M. Wednesday, “telephonically peeped M0rryf\jrO~UQUna rerSOX^nei JMptOS into the kitchen of every boai^ing
club on the campus” and found no scandal. He added, "Verily, the University district is righteously patriotic despite the tug at its belt.
, .(Continued frorti page 1) est stra^gic vMue. the amazement of everyone, Secretary Stimson wrote back that the Way Department didn’t consider aiHf ef,.tile,proposed rputes of rnilit^jry vaipe dn4.Aidi'*t want a road l^uili to Alaska, This letter, believe it or not, was written in hjay, 1?41, less than a Today, however, the situation is reversed, 'fhp War Department is actually clainoripg for a road to Alaska. It can’t be built fast enough. However, the Canadian Government, while not vetoing the pl^n, still is not enthusiastic, Its position is that the United States enp build it if it pays for it, and'if Canada maintains all rights to it (since it is Canadian soil) after the war is over. • Synthetic Rubber Probe fhe Justice Department is now conducting a probe of certain farreaching patent arrangements between the Standard Oil Company of Ne^v jersey and the giant I. G. Farbenindustrie cartel of Germany by which Hitler built up his synthetic rubber industry while we didn’t. The arrangement between the tWQ companies was made in 1930. Standard Oil was given the right to usp patents for synthetic gasolihe throughout the world, while I. G. Farbenindustrie got the right to use certain patents for synthetic rubber throughout the world. For several years. Hitler has been using the German synthetic rubber industry to equip his entire war machine, while the United States got off to a limping start toward synthetic.rUbber only a few months ago. These synthetic rubber patents were held by a company called Jasco, owned 50 per cent by Standard Oil and 50 per cent by I. F. Farben. However, when Standard tried to learn more about the German industry from its partner in 1937, Hitler is understood to have objected. During all this period, meanwliile. Hitler was building up his war machine; threatening Czechoslovakia and seizing Austria—5'et U. S. industry did little about synthetic rub-
ber.
Note: Don’t get fooled by any optimistic ideas that theye may not be a rubber shortage after all. Unfortunately, this is not going to bo like the gasoline “shortage” of last summer. There are going to be very few tires until the war i.s over— whenever that may be. (Copyright, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.) Dramatic Honorary To Sponsor Banquet Purdue Players, 4i‘amatic honorpry sponsored by Playshop, will hold its aiinual recognition banquet tonight at 6 p. m. in room 363 in the Union to honor both stage crews and qctqrs,. Djek Kohls, vice-president of the organization, will act as mastei- of ceremonies, and Merle Keck, presi4ept, will review accomplishments of the new members. Actives and new members should make reservations immediately with the Playshop secretary in Fowler Hall.
If kny senior is interested in an interview with any of the following' companies, complete one of the yellow “Request for Interview” cards, a supply of vyhich is in your school office, You will be notified by card from the Personnel O^ce when to schedule an interview: National Supply Co., Pittsburgh, Pa.— Feb. 20. jviu, ChB, Met, PSB &IB; Ushcq Mfg. Co., Frankfort, Ind. —March 2.; Corning Glass Works, Charlero, Pa.—Feb. 27. MB, ChB, EB, BS& PhD in Chemistry, PhD Physicists. Metropolitan Life Ins. Co., Actual rial Division, New York, N. Y.— Undergraduate men for summer work, especially those with a major in mathematics. Anyone interested, please sign up in the Personnel Ofr
flee.
Eli Lilly & Co., Indianapolis, Ind. —Feb. 27 and Feb. 28. Pharmacists, Chemists, Chemical Engineers, and Science. Detroit Edison Co., Detroit, Mich. ^—Feb. 24. Jupiors for summer work. Sign up in the Personnel Office. U. S. Nayy Yar<l, Naval Aircraft Factory, Philadelphia, Pa.—Feb. 26. ME (Aeronauticals) Chemists, Mets, Physicists. Naval Aviation Cadet Board, Chicago, 111,—Feb. 18, 19, 20. Anyone interested sign up in the Personnel Office. General Electric Company, Fort Wayne, Ind.—ME, PSE&T&IE. If intere.sted, sign on sign-up sheet in your school office before 3:00 P. M. Tues., Feb. 24. Harnischfeger Corp., Milwaukee, Wis.—Feb. 25 and Feb. 25. ME, EE,
CE,
Chain. Belt Co., Milwaukee, Wisconsin—Feb. 26 and 26. ME, EE, ChE. Prof. Hull Addresses
The famous Epglish hupipi’ous weekly, “Punch”, was being received by the Library. Those who found it hard reading at first were urged to “persevere until you begin to get the eorreef point of view”.
An old timer told of his experience as a small boy on the old Canal Wharf (hat iifas once the center of activity of all Lafayette and was located where the Big Pour depot now stands! Among the things that the youthful ipaiers woulci do as told by this man to. “insert'a Willow sprig into the vent hole of an Orleans sugar cask and suck what was to thein. mouths as Ambrosia was to
the gods”.
Tommy Johnson, competent newspaper man, was offering suggestions to the editorial staff on how to put out a better Exponent. He told them that heads to stories should have real life in them and not be just a collection of words used to fill the
space. •
In a series of cuts, the conference championship bound Boilermaker basketball team was shown, displaying the competent parts of the fighting five standing stoop shouldered with hands at their sides and staring into the camera. All the members were clad in peculiar black and white striped shirts.
Here’s a little item we picked Up in our travels. Take it as you will. “I have been bawled out, balled up, held up, held down, hung up, bulldozed,. blackjacked, walked on, cheated, squeezed, and smooched; stuck for war tax, excess profits tax, state dog tax and syntax; Defense Bonds, Baby Bonds and the bonds of matrimony; Red Cross, green cross arid the double cross; asked to help the society of John the Baptist, AWS, Women’s Relief Corps, Men’s Relief and stomach relief. I have ■worked like,, mad and been worked like mad, have been drunk and got others drunk; lost all I had and now, because I won’t spend and lepd all the little I earn and go beg, borrow or Steal, j have been cussed, discussed, boycotted, talked to and talked about, lied to and lied about, robbed and pretty near ruined, and the only reason I’m sticking around now is to see what in hell is next!” Sound like a Purdue ed's lament— all except the “work” part. Professor Babcock’s Shakespeare course for deficient engineers and girls who need time to-knit is still roaring along in the usual manner. Only this semester the gals don’t even have time to knit. Wonder how the prof’s getting along without Pete Timperman to heckle him. Or did Pete cut six times and have to
repeat the course?
....Plii Psi HarSchornsteiii put out his jewelry on Rosemary Luber of the Kappas the other night. Seems to us that this should have happened a little sooner. The Phi Psi’s just delivered a pin serenade ovei; at the marble vault Sunday night. •Feannie Lauer now has the. title of Phi Psi “housemouther”. The hoys even sent her a hou.se bill last week. What’.-^ the matter, gent.s ? The Thetas don’t cat much-^or do
they ?
The Theta’.s g’ift to the ME school, = Helen Schickier, put down her slide, g rule. lon'v c.ion.'.vh to take Charlie =
Dear Sir: The American Red Cross appeals to everyone in Tippecanoe County for additional contributions to the Red' Cro,ss Relief Fund. Our quota is $20,pob, of which 16 per cent will be used here to buy matbritls for U. S. hospitals and yarn for the knitting projects for Army and Navy men. If we do not obtain this 16 per cent or 13,(100, we shall have to cut down on supplies tq Billings Hospital at Fort Benjamin HajTison a.ncl on U. S. sweaters and helmets. Other counties have exceeded their quotas. Why can’t we ? In April one of the Mobile Red Cross Units for the Blood Donor Service for Plasma will visif the University. At this time we 'liope that students will qpptribute ibeir pints of blood to our National Blood Bank Reserves for the armed fpcees. So let’s give a little frqnq op);' pqcketbooks now and a bit (of piir blp.od in April. (Signed) Mrs. R. B. W(ley, Chairman Volunteer .Service. goes to show thqt all MB’s arep’t in the ReU’igerating Option. Just call her “heat of fusion’’ Schickier. At least there was no “re-fusion”. Ouch! Little Davey Ochiltree has changed practically all his sections just to be in the same classes as KKG Casey Hoskin.son. It’s not springtime yet, but Dave’s “fancy’’ is doing a lot of tuikiing. Especially with one Sally “I know her tod” Saxton; That boy literally rotates the gal through an angle of “Theta”. The Keene kid breaks in , here again. Wish he’d behave. Thi.s tirrie—after a “quiet” eve at the Blazer—our boy Charles ripped up to Chicago and retrieved his pin from the Northwestern miss who has had it in her pos.ses.sion for some lime now? “Oh, you lucky girls”, says Chuck. “I’m a playboy again
(?)”
:30 iJisten While You Work :66 News :0 Federated Clubs ;15 Music ' :3() Parent Teachers Association ;46 Music :6Q, Purdue News :65 News :00 Agricultural Forum ;:16 Meet the Band i:46 Music 66 News :0(j Parents’ Forum :16 Souvenirs ' 30 Science Review ;46 Markets ;66! Npws ob Story a Day 16 The Apothecary :3Ci Music 46 Treasure Cho.st 66 News 00 Music 16, Afternoon Melodies 30 Mtisieal Round-Up 55 News 00 Tea Time Tunes 15 Heard in the Hallway ;30 Music
KEEP YOUR HOME NEAT AND ATTRACTIVE WITH ACE PAINTS 0 FIXTURES — HARDWARE
Goody's Fine Shoos Gdodwio's Shoe Store Ifl T|w Vijlas* 3G2 State
At FI
Conference Session Nurserymen of Indiana closed their annual convention yesterday with a discussion of “Plants and Maintenance’’ led by Prof. R. B. Hull, of the AgTicultural Extcrisipn Service. Over 5,0 nurserymen attended the two-day convention held on campus. George Enfield, of the Agricultural Experiment Station, talked on, “Soils Testing” and demonstrated the new University soil and; plant tissue te.sting kit. Also on the program was Dr\ C. C. Compton, of the Illinois State Natural Survey Division, who spoke on “Controlling Insects in the Nursery.”
A EE .graduate was heralded by the government for developing what was considered to be a very significant invention. The alumnus’ gadget was in the form of a pair of semaphore arm-s which wore to be mounted on vehicles, one on each side of the windshield. When turning a corner the driver was to fiip the proper switch, illuminating one of the arms which would rotate and indicate in which direction the car was to turn —if a man were driving, ' Scavenger Hunt . . . 'has been planned- by the University Presbyterian church to be held tomorrow. The hunt will begin at the church at 8 p. m. and conclude at 10:30 with rcfre.shrpents and awarding of prizes. There will be no charge and the public is invited.
GOOD PRIMTING ■ at PAINLESS PRICES More Style for Less Money Kane's Prinf Shop 401 S. 29th St. Phene S2Q5
DR, M. P, LORD DENTIST 306-1 Lqfqyette Life BI1I9.
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
M,
E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY quality milk Phone 56214
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD j. RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 Sehultx Bldg. 4th and Main St. Lafayette
fijuAdm- SxftonsmJb Ail-American 1940-'41
Entered as second class matter at tfie post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail sub-
scriptions, $4.00.
Don 8. Powers Leland W. Kuffner , Ruth Bose
Editor-in-chief.. VewB Editor Oportr Editor...
. Ned A. Ochiltree Business Mnnager ..John L. TruuBott M^nuving; Editor Phil Johnson Coed Editor
Publication Staff ( AB80ciat€ EUitoru Btafl; J. F. Amoa, J. H. Armstrong, D, T. Brophy, II. lU. HadUry, F. I. Jones, K. G. Kieper8|»orte Staff: O. 'i'. CJarS, J. D. Kruscr, J. S. Keeler. Coed Staff: Mary K. Boynton, Alice Chutfield, Jane Ramsdell.
Business Staff Coed Business Manager: Donna Siess; Office ManaKeri Lee Bossong. Local Advertising Managers: K. K. Gjemre. R. B. Saxton ; Circulation Manager: W. T. Belli Accounts Manager; W. D. Millard. ' Junior Coed Managers: Jean Frankenberry, Frances Lloyd, Julia Martin.
Phqnei: Editorial and gqsiness/ 40Q5; Sports, 2792 ' fditPrial After to P. M , 5377
Ropresented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers RepreseutatiVes, 420 Madison Ave., New ’York, N. Y.-
Staff For This Issue
Night Editor; Eckstein U«|r .Editgr: CbaUield
IhUMU Filitvr: Amu8 SpurtK
Heporttra; Muss. Alirtn, Slont;* Wickurd, Parsons, HunUr, Hoquumort'. OuhiltrL'c, Boswipklo, Sniiib, Ford, Gnurnsi'y, Kideji’cr, Fischtr, SF-'hiK-'idor, Hutr.. DoMara, Shryur, Karpick.
JFe^ary 19, A2
fir.
r-'-
mm
.1;'.-:?■-»■. /r"'T:"."'
Not the kind you stay
homp and sleep in . . . we mean the kind you
AND THE QUESTION is a pretty pointed one, for if you haven’t bought a new dinner jacket or tailcoat in the past three years or so, you’d better think twice before you step out in the evening clothes you now own .... because, take our word for it, they’re more or less out of date and really might be better off at home!
THERE HAVE BEEN a number of definite changes made in the styling and designing of evening clothes in the past few years, Note, for instance, how casually smooth the chap above looks in one pf our new dinner jackets by GEISLER’S. All of the comfort and ease of a regular business suit is now to be found in a smart dinner jacket like this. We urge you to stop in this week and get set for the social season to come in the best-looking evening clothes you’ve ever seen.
50
up
Cpmiplpte Stock of all Accessories, Top Hat, Shirts, Jewelry, Etc.
MwmyTdT^resm
't: ' ' ■' ■
If
PrisK iiSifpKp 6f ceojtipmics and government department, will speak on “Hemisphere Relations” tomorrow at 4 p. m. in Pmvler Hall. This is the third lecture in a series sponsored by the ^l^udept War Council., , Scheduled lectures by staff mem'bers of the history, economics and government department include the following: Prof. J. W. Eobinson, on “'The Bill of Eights in War Times”; Prof. Eob.ert Phillips, who will speak on “Peace After the War”; and Prof. j. A- E^tey, who will give the last lecture on “PpstWar Economics”. Passports will pot he regiiired fpr admission, they will take o^ce.
stndente what the h'fs going ip,ii tkere wh^ tfiere iSnt a true americanin the place who Will hE back and’hn'^e his coeds hours shortened i always advocate having the fellows come home at one and the coeds at two a m sp^ that the girls can wait untiMts safe if they want to befpre they leave the saloon and go home
—mudball
He amirs
Reamif ClPb^;>anrtbtfn<fa8 the pledging of Gil Wplters and Jjm Stigglcman, The names of thp.se men were inadvertently omitted from: the list in yestevday’s Exponent.
Westminltei' F«n
Scavenger htint Fritfi,, - V- in- Ite W® teet ifSIWi <
ia
vv, - I
Playshop Mail Ordi^r Reserved Seat Sales
English Make tip EiaMa: Eaimiit to remove C’» and J'st hr i
Will Cfpse Mohdkiy
given Saturday afternoon. Few Zl, 101 of' the ^ucatlm 'fofld&K-' in (lent removing a C must hivtr * of-c6h'drffdn cHrd. Aji>pirc4ti'da«"iiB;)®J®'J their name!) at the Enzlinh mior. .rhOD of University Hall, birV'f'rfi^jrrtFor' “
T, e HpUidayTpTalk Before Al EE Meeting
Rot^tim PtQgram Features Address
By Chinese Student
John E{. Yuehj Chinese stndent and a freshman engineer, addressed the ,4-fficavWilliamsport Eotgry Club yesterday ei^ening at the regal a r meeting in the Mudlayia Springs, Hotel. The program was in keeping with “Chinese Relatipns” week being pbseiwed throughout the United States this week. Ypeh lives in Tientsin, China, and is the spn of the owner of a chain of drug store? in China. He left his home Fehruary 5,19^1, pnd hy dodging soldiers and others who did not want anyone to lepve the country, he reached Shanghai in time tp sail for the United States in July. He was accompanied to Attica by E. B. Baugh, Xlhiversity alumni secretary, who helped to organize the Attica Eotary Club several years ago.
Theodore B. Holliday, an electrical engineer with the U. S. Army Air Corps at Wright Field, Dayton, Ohio, will speak at the February meeting of the Central Indiana Section of the American Institute pf Electrical Engineers to be held at th® Biucoln Hotel in Indianapolis tomorrow night. Holliday Will discuss “Aircraft Electrical Power” and will describe the important part that the electrical engineer plays in the development of modern aircraft, with more than 160 differeht electrical devices in general use, Holliday, E.E. ’27, also received the degree of MSBB in 1929 and a professional degree of Electrical Engineer in 1931.
Mail orders for reserved seats at the next Playshop production, “Beyond the Horizon”, will be accepted at the box office until H^pnday, according to Professor Carmichael, director of Playshop. The night and desired position of th^ seats should be specified on the coupons. Coupons should be sent to the box office in Eliza Fowler Halj along with a stamped splf-addressed envelope if they are to be returned by mail. Single admission tickets will be on sale at the bpx office for 75 cents any time after Monday.
ME 30 Make-Up ttatdaz i remove C and I trradefl in MB ?8 piven Saturday, March 14 at 1 p.nt in " 101 pf the ME bUildioK. EleVaV; ' if intercated. ' ' ,
Society of Automotive. BncitaM* members dcsiringr to obtaitt: 9^1^ SAE next year should ddme. to tliS: in room 303, Union baiidiniT'at VdH) day. Feb- 29. This ia a n^.v interested members should be there their viewpoints and to make
All sirls that are int^.,, tumbifns: includirift those that hi»e? practiefatt be .sure Jp come Tuci^| Thursday at 4 p.m. We are star^mf tij dh Fontiy Carnival. —KAUGI"
WAA Pin(t-Pon*: First round of ment must be played pfTby „ ruary 25. The following fnrls are scm^lo to play: Beck vs. Hecl&irt. ShcO Watetbury vs. Mcinzer, Ehrans W, -J man; Faustich vs. Joties/
Blaokv Miller vs.
Ford. Wampler ys. Bower, Mehfte^ Hbeven', ‘Bu'erglcr (B) vs; CamviiUSiimin dall vs. Bosencrans. TriBCHtlwPiH
WAA ShoSIeboard: First tp^ nament must be played off by .. Feb. 25. The followinjt girls hie ■ to play: Haag vs. Bower, VetB,_ Fouls,' Kendall vs. Schuber, Jones
Typewriters—Adding Machines, all makes sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C, J. Ebershofl, 606 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779.
Kappa Psi: An especially impottai^jnb^te ing for all actives ih room 305 Uamti'alt 7:30 p. m. on Wednesdjy, Fcb,"2K‘',i^ members are urged to be peeapot :'7'' <
Chevrolet, 1931 two-door for sale. Has tires. W- W. Clarke, 603 State. Phone 6097.
AWS Executive Board: Meeting changed to 4 p. m. Thursday,' FeB.-dft.^'h the AWS office.
lyjst: Thu and white collie pup. No collar. Very thin. Answers to name of Alvio. Notify Salisbury co-op, Tel. .'>‘118.
Poultry - €lub: Important 7:30 p. m. Thursday. Febb 19, Union. Edward Menefoe ivUl speak.*
... social frgternil;y, announces the installation of the. fonowing chapter officers: Jpseph Neif, president; Henry Wilkens, vice-presi-dent; John T. McCutchcon, treasurer; John Alvey, secretary; Thbttias Mullins, master,.of ceremonies; William Merker and Ralph Eberts, guards.
Lo.st: Monday morning, small, jeweled Notre Dame pin. Reward. Call 4079. Adams.
Lost: Watch. A highly prized gift in washroom of Union Building. Reward. Phone 35412.
Scriveners: Will the follor^hgf please report at 4, p. m. on Thnirsd^ _ 19, in the Scriverier offTc'e.'ro^m'585 Union': Hiistcd, Sear{ght, Grr'-—^ Dray, Ricgle. Boyntou, Stewart, „ Flint. Refreshments will'bc servdt '?.
Xs>st: Phi Gamma Delta pin Bomowherc on campus. Bill Beil. Call 6071.
Voc^l leaeons: Positively no class Ic-ssori because pupils get little results. Private iastfuction only I I guarerntw! result^ to sincere pupils. Auditibh tiw. Edward Frank, Studio I>ahr Hotel. Phone 4066.
Alpha Zeta: Turu in all. nmacy.,^blljm*^. from seniors before Saturday; Fefct Don’t forget the composite, i wW the .AgirifuUoria^ office ever*
One Way to ^^Takc Good Care of the Clothes You Have
99
In addition to “Clothes Protection” it improves jour personal appearance.
All Agriculturist Senjors: Thhi»s.:.jfe • 'k cost ■:——:Ef_ ture any _ _ Feb. 21.
Rifle Club: : Report to PieWHoitee jilMe.
range Saturday, Feb, 21, at 2-m L :
ten,,'
to see all members there for toatch.
PI A Members: Tea dance Saturdarv Sefc.. 21, from 3 to 5:30 p, m. in Sduih of Union. '-r-iSsHlEV ■
PIA CboTUs: Meeting in the Spnjto Twct Room of the Union Building oh ThVi^iKit,: Feb. 19. All members be present, at ,T l80 p. m. sharp. ■ ■ SOPGOK?..-.
Wesley Foundation: WAA Cabin'.j Saturday, Feb. Zi; : Meet at
House at .5 p. m. Leave, thereat 6;t|6,;jj..^. to hike to cabin. ‘Games' and re^Shm^tB
are planned and the cost yriU Person. Everybody is invited. '
' ^GILBERT
The doctoral decree if; win he offered far thei Los Angeles versity of Galifornia, -during coming year. ■ ' 1 ^
Top of the Hill
NIBROG PAPfrt tgwf^ None .Setter^ ' Prices to Suit?. ,
PHONE 7828
LAFAYEnE PRIM ^
Let the Exponent take all campus news to any part of the country for you. Save the time and worry of letter writing—Send the Exponent home six days of every week.
EXPDIEIVT
GREETING CAROS ? FOR ALL OCGASlbi^S
Actoss From-Union - ' ^ '. j Sammoas *29
The lift Tbt Uber Lets Yoit
Down!
Pre-shruiik faun^satju li|?a: gently lifting bandirail. :FW^' small and average Types In white or neutrBili^ $ 1.00; other Perma-lifthlni^ sieres—$1.S0 to .$2.50.;?" ?
•ill
U.3.F.t.)t*.3UM,riY BRASSIERES
by HICkORyto
11 -A
M"’
H 1
ff ■*
> w
w tk - ^
Elward Resigns
(Continued fi‘om page 1)
011^ tijne serving uiidei Admiial
Byid at Nova Scotia Coached Service Teams
He also wa'^ playei and coach on sevoial of the countiy’s scivice football teams In 1122 he icceived
The Sports Gestapo
By phil jahnson
► Wh^t About A Post Season Game?
Thursday, February 19, 1942
Varsity Baseball Team Begins Practice Boilermaker Courtmen With Small Group Of Regulars Returning Foce Heavy Weekend
In this peiiod of emeigency when eyeiyone from movie actiesses to
his honorable dischaige as a Lieu- millionaiie business men aie giving then time and eneigies to help meet tepant, Senioi Grade the cuiient times ot stiess, it will indeed be a shame if the state whic^i In 1922 Elwaid accepted a posi- is known as the hcait of basketball fails in a very natural contribution, a
lion as head footbhll coach at Gim- post season game foi the purpose of ehaiity
nell, wheie he seived with success Withloui gicat collegiate teams such as Puidue, Indiana, Notre Dame, Pago 4 foi three yeais Next he moved to B^itlci, and the thousands of enthusiastic haidwood fans m this lohti Can oil at Cleveland foi three gieat state, it’s something of a natural to have some soit of aftei season
years dining which time he tinned concerning these teams
LI\ IndciKiulint boMling 1 iguc Mil! ^it undcn\a\ tonight when Lwcnt\ teams composed o1 indc pendent nun he an lolling on the w illcis of the Pii due Mcmoiiil ci Union il (> )0 ]) m \ second shift w 11 folk V Ihoso men it 8 90 p ni tonsislm^ of two flights the
lolcl the uo-lialuable i cels iHci
\ huh ihcie will be a jiliiofl he iwetn Hu foni teams hunv the hmlusi niimbci ot pins haeh man 1- lo be issessed fno rents ))e) ni^ht of bowling lid the icc imiilatcei moiui will b( distiibiucd at the end of the s( ison to the i ai lous W'lnncis \Ik\ ( 111 im ^ n 1 o \ ( (1
Foiti two laisiti bascbill e indi dates haie aiiswcied the spimg eall out and aic woikmg out undei the supeiMsion of ‘ Pop' Doan ind Beit Sandeis Of this numhei twelve aic batten candidates ind have ili cadv been woiking out loi iboiit thi eo weeks The i ost of the -,i onp ' e ^ in
then (hills v esten d i\ Holes In the Infield
A wide open lacc loi ill positions IS expected since then aie onl\ a few vaisitv men ictuinm^ Ham
McFei 1 an
man on the te im last veil is the onh infieldoi with vaisuv exiuii ence ictuining to anothei veil competition Ham |i]ivtd sj cond base last veil ami 1 i pki\ w is one of the high spots of the Riv tci s plav last Season He will hold down cithei second 01 shoi t this v cai mcl whatevei position Him plav s will he w ell taken e ii e of On the mound st ifl Dc n Bl nl en md Walt L^ifhcit w 11 be aiound to tike caie ot the hist two intUimg spots Both of these men aie ^oo<l ! itteis and It IS likch that ilicv will plav the outfield whcnevei thev no not toeing the lib Walt Smith nel Urnie "ioung will tike caic of tic Latching ehoies One of the i men mav fill in at sonic othci sp it be cause theV ait both fOOhitteis a u' too valnalile to keep on the bench Promising Sophonioies Bill Caibon and Meilin Gant/ uc the onlv two outheidcis vvitli inv vaisitv expelicnct Theie ii sc\ 11 a! good piospeets fi om 11st v eai s licshman team on hind uul one ni mole of them mav vv in a place m the staiting lineup Call Hi])]) ttie top hittei on the Rhinie sniud last \ e u IS piobabh the most piomi iim of the gioup but he will have lo keep on his toes to stav ihe ul o Inn bhoemakei Red A.ndeison ilt Beigei and Sibhi Ceiielo It IS still too eailv to mile uv piedictions as to tlu inil ibli sticngth of the>fi Riveters this se i son If the CO ichiim st ifl lu ided hv Dutch Fehiiiv can lebuild the m held and outfield ind tind anotlui pitchci to issist Blanl c i ind T ul heit thev mav go places I oe 1 s t isv
doesn’t it'
WBAA To Broadcast Discussion Of Food Food supplies and food shoitues will be the subjeet et i gioi p d s cussion to be picsci ted ov c BAA tomoiiovv afternoon tiom to > 0 This discussion which is one i i vveelh senes spon ricd iiv the lo lensic boaiel and the speech dep ul ment is designed to I) im e tt the jnactical side ol the food pioblem Ihose taking pait in tomoiiov s discussion include Dale Rut/ h in man Mis Jesse Gnmcs Mis I)on Heniv Di M G Smith David Sav Its and Robeit Svvaim Dr.E.LButz of the faim mana^emeni st ill will speak at the monthlv A^iitul tuial Staff I Line heon to lie iveii in the Union 12 00 noon Mondiv I eh 2J His talk w ill be on Paiitv Pol ities and Piogics-
PIA Bowling
11 t SI ( ai t SI
H ) I V 11 )
former Sludenls Gel U.S.Gold Bars, Wings 01 Army Pilot Officers 1 II If J M)( 1 Ji Full Dishei uul 9 bom >s Did inson teinui Ilni veisitv siuderts have giadiiUcd Jioni the Ai (e p Afivimtd 1 v ing School it Biools ruld lexis it was umoiincod tod i\ by I c ( d St niton T Smith BiooksI leld e( m m u d ml These thue itcfivtd the ilvci vv mgs in I old I u s ( I it S \i i v pilot otleei mil lu n w ivv ul iiu issnnme nt to t pei m im nt ( u u i unit Ihev have (imileted u in tensive JO Well eouise it Hi ol Ik 1(1 imludin^ TO luu i ol etui (iv m^ ti i I in u I 18S hoi i o ^11 mei s( liool n ti iietu n H IV in„ It lined the lethmriue ol (h\ and ni^ht fivnv inohlcm of adv meed loi m ilion insliununl in eiosseountiv flv m_ thev will o mi me lute v into the i 11 i! lei e 1V le )1 ihe u mv T, Noss To Address Roger Wiiiiams Club M e)i lel 1 1 1 L n el s h 1 p Kei | 11 Coin,, will be the theme ol the in null 1'inouet ^,!ven Iv the Po ei A\ illi ims ( lub ol the \\ e t 1 el i e tie BiiUi t ( huieh eeimoiiow et ( p m 111 (vnlhia Jones 11 il! len lucent I om ethel 1 inels TIel n xi \ lei eh II m in ol ii i uigemcnt v i 1 sei V e IS toa tm i tci t ihe elii tie i I I nt 1 K \oss ol the cel it I in end mplitel ps\eho!o^v e'e [laj nuit V ill I e llie III eiii speal oi P the mee L 11^ uul the lunoieel ,_,uests will ive hoi t t ill s Signii Delta I’si lest iii the ned vault hand d ind uul iope tlimbvvi be given in Reioni ^i)0 ol the full liousc at I 00 tills iltcinoon
Pie piling foi anothei tough has kcLball week end Coach Lambeit sent his chaiges thioiigh anothei long stiics of dulls last night Sat uidav night thev go up against a sininising Umvcisitj of Chicago outfit who in then last contest It |ust edf,od out by Noithwcst
ei n s Wilde its 47 4fi \(H thwesferii Mondai
lollowin^ this the Boiloimakeis colluit with tlic atoiemcntioned W ilde its on Monday night Thev will be stiiving toi then second VKtones ovei both ol these teams thieago was deleated 64 19 dining (h 1 tmas vacation while the Riv ctei tiimined the Wildeals list
week to the tune oL 60 11
ihe suipus of the conic icncc I uc thus tai has been the come bid ol Indiana s Hoosiets Atlci i low stilt thev line coi u hick with 1 stung ol vietoiies thit ha pi ired them m second pi ice with i leeoiel ot emht wins i^ nnst thiee dele its The I aie the o ih te i ii ii the eonteieiKo who e in el nm i vie loiv ovci the leiel ng Illini whose leeoiel st incis it nine nul one Fled Ki impe who vv is leeovei
ing fioni a pulled tendon suffcied a lecuiience of the same injuiy in piactice Tuesday night He will onlv pal take in light dulls foi sev cial davs The squad went thiough i long woikout last night Start ing with shooting fundamentals the vvoik outs closed with a heavv sciimmage in which scvcial of the ficshmcn took pait Ihe dulls also included vvoik on passing ind foot W Ol k One of the loiighest sciiinmages ot the V eai took place last night when five mcmbeis of the fieshman squad took on the vaisitvs best It was laee hoi so basketball all the way and loi i tunc the i i osh wcit ahead bv i maigin of scvei al points The hist stiingeis finally showed too much stienglh but not until they h ul been given several se n cs A eomliin ition consisting ot Hoehammoi Riddle Ivenncdj Ehl CIS and Ahioie «taitcd loi the Rlinios who plived ig unst scvei il ehtfeicnt v usiiv fives Ol this gioiq) Mnoic fool cel paitieufiilj good iff thiough the giuelling p lee thev set
out the best team in that institution’s histoi v m 1924 In the fall of 1927 ElWaiel came to Pin duo as assistant football coach, and has been a member of the Boilermakoi athletic staff since that time Duung his 26 yoais of gi owing up with the modem game of football, Mai Elward has been lecog nized as one of the keenest technicians and strategists in the grid iron coaching annals Picsident Elliott stated last night that the positions of athletic di lecto! md head football coach would be announced by the Boaid of Trustees as soon as a special meeting can be ananged piobahly within the next ton days oi two
weeks
IM Schedules
IIASKCTBAI I
Today
l oui t 1 G lies Wild vs Wud JS r hi C imm-i DclUi v Phi Kapp i Psi Ac ail V Aliih 1 1 lu Omeaa ( o irt Bun ird Siema Alph i Mu \s Phi Knppa Tin Vlrhi el 1 Rhi V B ti Siemi 1 I T 1 K 1) I 1 Ml li 1 1 s Sii 111 1 Chi Ml h i C mni i Hh \s B t<i I hi I Pi C It K ichciaj Pi K ipi 1 Phi \s Si„nm Nil All I 1 K lu it ml I 1 V It In Cl I Si Chi \ PI 1 K 11 p L All I t I 1 K I 1 1 h I 1 \ lit r
Wild
VV u I 1
Double Header Perhaps What could be more natinal than a double header at the Butler Pieldr house* with Purdue playing Indiana and Butler^ facing Notre Damc'^ But theio are the stuet conference rules about post season games to contend with Both Indiana and Pin due, as well as most othei Big Ten teams, alleady have played one of the service teams as an extia game It is very doubtful that these teams could get the consent of the confeiencc officials to participate in an unprecedented after season tilt Then theie is the factoi in anothei Indiana-Puidue game, that even if It could be ai ranged officially, the Hoosiers might be very unwilling to play the Boilcimakcis again, as they would have much to lose and little to gain ► Whaf About Some AlbStars? Puiclue, Indiana, and Notie Dame have all been beaten by the star studded Great Lakes team this season Pei haps an all-star team of seniois ot these thiee schools agains the Great Lakes could be arranged Piccodent certainly is no basis foi icfusing to allow some sort of game of this kind There certainly is no piecedeiit to the present situation If a post season game could be ananged it would fulfill a threefold pill pose In the first place it would laise funds that our country could use 111 hghting this war thiough to a successful conclusion Obviously, it would piolong the favoi ite Hoosier pastime of basketball and pro vide locication when lecication is vitally impoitant Perhaps it would also hi oak foi all time the sometimes foolish inle that post-season games in the Western Confer once are taboo
Phi D It
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
GlVft .HtWItfJlY ISo inatlci loi vv!» im <»! vvliaf iho <»<« aSioii. jowriiv alvv<i\sa siiilahlc* »ill.
Icl S
119 M nil Si
Situo !(U51
aasszxsb J^ttwkirswpnrnricsf’iwr uttawafapspmsip.'w-jnr uaras-nifli^mifciTlf^ril’aH-rrtftfrinilfap'JfaMB/nraimviwjw—■twatncTfwrfTirtn:
MARCH 6th is the date when the Debris price goes up to' $5.50. Get your Debris while they are $5.00. You can call or come personally to the Debris business office between 4 and 5 p. m. MARCH 6th