* 1 j ^ <• J-, < ,
. , , .-'ii' >|,iT(',]-5i(«",'/:. V'ptfCr'S ^'7?-."iT.t'^f',';:?’ T-'jt;;*r;,ffr-f- ’t ■"
i 'fvi' •nf . K
f^ave yOH tieardf about Feitliiiifio F«l^ul«$? Follow the Exponent news columns.
ponent jt £)*f/fy Stnc* i90^
It's '|oliiiii|r, get yewr Humbert' es inft ctoses in on student body.
Vblume 52, NO. 45
West Lafayette, bidiona
Thursday, October 31, 1940
EgloffOpensLeclure Team To^eave Series On Defense In For Iowa After
ExponenfissuesCall Students Registered For Draft Must
For Fresh Workers
Music Hall Tonight Pep Rally At 5 In Union Office, 4:15
Secure Numbers From Hoitie Board
Petroleum's Use, Supply Topic of Authority's Talk Dr. Gustav Egloff, world authority on the supply and use of petro*leum, will make the first talk in a series here at the University involved with pertinent problems In the nation’s preparedness program tonight at 7:30 o’clock in the Hall of Music. Dr. Egloff’s talk will be on “Petroleum and National Defense.” Dr. Egloff’s visit here has been arranged by a special committee headed by Dr. J. A. Estey, head of the department of history, government and economics, which has recently been appointed by President E. C. Elliott to arrange this series of talks on the country’s preparedness problems.' Meeting Open Tb All The ifieeting will be open to University Students, faculty and townspeople. Two other speakers, who have been definitely booked for the series of lectinres, are Dr. C. H. Behre. professor of economic geology at Northwestern University, who will speak on “Strategic Mineral Resources” on November 14, and Dr. Warren S. Thompson of Miami University in Oxford, 0., who will discuss “Population Pressure as a Cause of War.” Dr. Thompson is on the Scripps Foundation for population research, and Thompson, Egloff and Behre are all recognized as authorities in their fields, j.a.p.
Hoping for the first Big Ten conference victory of the season, the Boilermakers will entrain at the Big Pour station for Iowa City and the Hawkeyes tonight following the pep session parade which starts at 6 o’clock this afternoon from State and Grant streets. The locomotive mascot and the band will lead the parade across the levee to the station, followed by the student body under the direction of Gimlet, Reamer, Gold Pepper, and Skull and Crescent members. At the station toaches Mai Elward and Mel Taube and players Petty, Smerke and Captain Dave Rankin will give short talks before boarding the train, f.i.j. Season's Convocation Tickets On Sale Today At Cashier's Office Convocation tickets good for the rest of the season will be on sale today for $4.60 at the cashier’s office in the Executive Building. Size of the new Hall of Music makes these tickets available as student attendance does not fill the auditorium. Faculty members and townspeople who could not obtaii^ tickets before may now do so, either by making a trip to the office, or by mailing cheques and stamped selfaddressed envelopes to the University cashier. f.i.j.
Flying Cadet Examining Board Sets Up Headquarters In Personnel Offices The travelling Flying Cadet Examining Board, composed of United States Army officers, arrived on the University campus yesterday to conduct physical examinations of applicants for appointment to the West Point of the Air and to check educational and character requirements. . Headquarters of the board have
Seniors Buy Military Ball Tickets Today Seniors acan buy. Military Ball tickets this aftem^oh on the second floor of the Armory from 12:30 to 4:30 o’clock. Tomorrow tickets will be sold to the remainder of the student body until the 750 limit is reached. Passports must he presented before buying tickets and students must sign tickets when and where they are purchased. Signed tickets and passports will be required for admission to the dance, v.m.b.
been set up in the Personnel Room of the Executive Building, where applications will be received until Tuesday, November 5. After Tuesday applications must be made at the United States Army recruiting office in the Lafayette postoffice, board officials said yesterday. Requirements for appointment to the Flying Cadets includd American citizenship, male sex, age between 20 and 27 years and single marital status. College work equal to half the number of credits required for graduations must be proved, of a - written examination of comparable value taken, officials said in summing up appointment requirements, j.a.p.
^ Editofs To Explain Duties Of Novices At Meeting Freshmen interested in working on the editorial and business staffs of the Exponent should report to the office in the Union at 4:15 o’clock this afternoon, D. K. Heiple, managing editor said last night. Senior and junior editors will be introduced and will give talks on the organization and functions of the various staffs of the paper. Call-outs are for both co-eds and men. Beth Simpson, co-ed editor, will take charge of the editorial coeds, Heiple will supervise the editorial men, and Merle Hagemeyer, business manager, will direct the business men and co-eds. Duties of freshmen editorial workers ito be explained include writing or news stories, headlines and notices, and performing of general newspaper tasks. Duties of the business staff freshmen will include soliciting ^advertising, circulation and general business work connected with a newspaper. Experience is unnecessary, Heiple explained, since training classes in copy and headline writing in addition to instruction in Exponent style will be held for the next two weeks. A sense of humor, willing-^ ness to co-operate with fellow workers, curiosity and a sense of responsibility are requirements for freshmen jlSxponent workers, f.i.j. AChS Rales, Ch^tn School As One Of Nafion's Best The University is one of two institutions of higher learning in Indiana qualified to train workers for the professional field of chemistry according to a list published in the news edition of the American Chemical Society publication. Notre Dame is the other university in the state among the 66 approved institutions in the country. The University chemistry depalrtment has enjoyed a high standing for many years, and this new action again indicates the high regard in which the personnel, work and equipment is held, j.h.a. Ag Chem Staff Members Attend National Meeting Dr. H. R. Kraybill, Prof. P. B. Curtis and O. W. Ford, of the agricultural chemistry department, are attending the annual meeting of the Association of Official Agricul-j tural Chemists.
Today ^8 2 Historic Events:
Purdue's Birthday; Wreck Anniversary
By F. I. Jones Today, October 31, 1940, we commemorate two momentus events in the history of the University, one the birth of its founder, the other the greatest tragedy in its existence, the famous Purdue train wreck. It was 138 yea^s ago today that John Purdue was born the son of Pennsylvania German parents^ After showing marked brilliance in school, John followed his father onto the farm. He soon tired of this life, however, and became a school teacher. In 1837 Purdue visited the small community of Lafayette for the first time, but it was not until two years later that he established himself permanently in business here. His rise to fortune and recognition pro-
gressed rapidly. One year after settling here he was elected a member of the city council. A long period of increasing wealth and greater success for him followed, so that when the Morill Act was passed in 1862 he was ope of the most prosperous men in Tippecanoe county. This act brought with it great contention between the counties of the state as*to where the state university was to be established. When the assembly reached a deadlock over the Iqjcation, Purdue stepped in and offered to add $160,000 to the $60,000 and 100 acres of Jand already offered by the 'county, and the University was placed where it is now. The stipulations attached to Purdue’s donation were that the insti-
tution should bear his name and that “dead” languages such as Latin and Greek could not be taught in its classes. Both of these conditions were complied with and exist to this dpy. The great train wreck of 1903 occurred just outside of Indianapolis when the train bearing the Purdue football teaPi aPd band to the Indiana game in Indianapolis rounded a blind curve and smashed int;p a string of coal cars. Seventeen per^sons were killed, including fifteen students. The present Memorial Gymnasium was built in memory of those students who lost their lives in this disaster. So, you see, it’s a historic day that we face this morning.
Tonight's the Night; Look Out For Spooks And Pranksters, Too You may now be too old to care, or you may not. We hope you’re not. But Hallowe’en Eve, just like Christmas and most other things except the draft, comes but once a year, and that’s tonight. From usually reliable sources (the Sig Ep’s, Lambda Chi’s and AGR’s) we learn that the Alpha Chi’s have not forgotten the pranks of yore, but have more than put them to practice prior to this Hallowe’en. How many others have followed suit we don’t knmy, but we suspect that we’re all not too interested in “la books” to fotget that tonight is the night to even all those nasty little scores with foolish, harmless (we hope) pranks. Have fun, kids, but look Out for the women and children. j.a.p. Tanco Will Address Camera Club Tonight Paul Tanco, local commercial photographer, will speak on “Portraiture” at a meeting of the Camera Club tonight at 7:30 o’clock in the East Faculty Lounge of the Union. Tanco will accompany his talk with demonstrations using club lights and models to show different types of lighting for taking portraits. This will be an excellent Opportunity for student photographers to pick up hints for making portraits for the Camera Club’s annual fall exhibit, according to Bill Gephart, president of the club. Exhibit Held The exhibit will be held in the Music Room of the Union, Saturday, November 9, to Sunday, November 17. Deadline for entries in the contest is set for Ftiday, November 8. Prints are to be turned in to the Student Union office not later than 5 p. m. Friday evening. Entrants may submit any number of prints for the contest, but no more than one prize will be given any entrant, and all work, except the development of the negatives, must be done by the individual. Three classifications of prints will be judged: portrait, landscape and miscellaneous. Entrance blanks and a complete list of rules are obtainable at the west desk of the Union. f.j.i. Riveter Matmen Hold Preliminary Practice Several members of the varsity and freshman wrestling team are spending their time developing new muscles and limbering up old ones while perfected holds for the coming freshmen-varsity meet which will be held shortly after the duration of the football season. Although wrestling Coach Clafide Reeck is now working out with only a small squad, he expects to enlarge his number of proteges when the freshman football teams conelude their fall practice. Raw Wrestlers Coach Reeck stressed particularly the relative unimportance of previous experience* He pointed out that only pn^ man on last year’s team had seen action before joining the ranks of the Boilermakers. Practice will begin in earnest Monday. This will begin the long practice ^sessions in preparation for the six conference meets which have so far been scheduled. ^ Among the men who will wo:^ out will be Co-Captain Papurca, a senior; and national A. A. U. champ Fredrick, a junior. w.h.h.
University students registered for selective military service may learn the numbers assigned to them by their home-town board prior to receipt of classification questionnaires only by communication with their respective boards, local draft author-
ities revealed yesterday. After the student ascertains his
board number he may consult the national master list of numbers that were dfawn by Secretary of War Stimpson during the past two days
to find out when he will be called. On the basis of information sup-
plied on the \ questionnaires, to be sent out in the near future, the draft board will place the draftees into the four classifications which range from “available for immediate service” to “deferred by law.” The call for University students will be deferred until July 14, 1941.
Indiana’s highest registration
number is 5,056. This means that all numbers drawn above this will be ignored in determining the local draft board sequence in which registrants must report for classification. Therqfore, the first 20 numbers on all Indiana’s lists will be 168, 192, 4779. 4880, 4928,105, 4861, 5056, 3508, 4767, 2441, 2563, 4440, 188, 120, 4933, 2914, and 4747. d.t.b.
300 Attend Sessions Of Parents'Institute Meeting On Campus “Any mistakes made in the training of children by the public schools are just as much the mistakes of the parents as of the teachers and school boards,” declared Mrs. James L. Murray, Indianapolis, at the opening session of the annual Parents’ Institute meeting. Over three hundred persons attended the opening sessions on the campus yester-
day.
In her address, Mrs. Murray, president of the Indiana Congress of Parents and Teachers, pointed out that it is not up to parents to support blindly any program of eej^ ucation, but rather to help work out a program that meets the needs of boys and girls in the best way pos-
sible.
Also during the morning session, Dr. Marion L. Mattson, head of the University nursery school, spoke on the objectives of parent education. Dean Mary L. Matthews, of the School of Home Economics, presided at the morning meeting. ^ At the afternoon session, H. E. Wilkening, of the physical education staff, spoke on marriage courses in high school and college, and William Floyd, principal of the West Lafayette junior and senior high schools, addressed the group on “Children in a Democracy.” Mrs. Fred Conkle, of Noblesville, first vice-president of the Indiana Congress of Parents and Teachers, presided during the afternoon. On today’s program will be F. L. McReynolds, assistant 4-H club leader on the University staff; Dean Dorothy C. Stratton, deap of women; Albert P. Stewart, choral director; Dr. Mary K. Ade, Lafayette physician; and Dr. F. B. Knight, head of the department of education and applied psychology. n.a.o. Williams Club Will Hold Hallowe'en Party Friday Roger Williams Club will hold a Hallowe’en party tomorrow evening at 7:30 o’clock at the West Lafayette Baptist Church, ac- ‘ cording to Mildred Browning, in charge of the affair. It is requested that costumes be worn but they are not necessary. Prizes will be awardtumes.
Aeroniodelers Plan Indoor Glider Meet Purdue A^omodelers will hold an indoor glider meet in the Fieldhouse Sunday afternoon at 2 o’clock. This is the second meet of its kind that has been sponsored by the club this fall. Tomorrow evening the club will meet for a work session and discussion in the new workshop, room 80 of the Union basement, at 7:30 o’clock. Members of the club will hold a discussion on the various phases of model airplane construction. Material will be available for a small charge to those who nee<f it. d.t.b. Peterson Exhibitions SetFor4,8PMToday Charles C. Peterson, fancy-shot billiard champion, will give two exhibitions in the Union today at .4 and 8 o’clock. Those ekhrhitiona'wi^ be open to the public. Peterson will demonstrate his own favorite shots as well as those of other stars. In addition he will explain the fundamentals of the game. Peterson is traveling under the auspices of the Association of College Unions and the National Billiard Association for the tenth consecutive year. He, with the Association of College Unions, sponsors annually intercollegiate tournaments. Trophies for these toumamente were furnished by the late Noble Kizer, Gene Tuimey and Gar Wood. r.s.k.
No Shoes Required At Barnyard Frolic; Prize For Best Costume
“No shoes required.” That’s the latest news about the Barnyard Frolic which will be held in the south ballroom of the Union tomorrow night from 9 to 12 o’clock. The Barnyard Frolic, with the accent on the word “Barnyard,” is sponsored annually by the Newman Club to give the student body a chance to celebrate Hallowe’en in proper style. Prize Given Accordingly, dress for the occasion is to be as informal as possible. A prize will be given for the best (or worst, according to your viewpoint) costume. Last year the prize was a pig, but club authorities weren’t willmg to disclose this year’s prize. All they would say was that it would be out
of the ordinary. In the interest of safety all shotguns must be in the checkrooms, ’tis stated by Newman Club officials. Square Dancing Phi Kappa fraternity is planning to give a demonstration of squtoe dancing during intermission, and all interested are urged to take part in the session. The BaRroom wiU be decorated with com fodder and* pumpkins. Boi Barnes, and his orchestra, forpaerly Doc Thrasher’s, will play for the dance, with Anna Belle as the vocalist. The tickets, priced at one dollar, are available at a desk outside the Sweet Shop, the Union desk and will be available at the door tomorrow night. r.s.k.ppp
PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday/October 31# 1940
h
^1-
^ 5^* Cotiinui
From the political front we hear that Senator Barkley from the state of many colonels and tall blue grass says. That the American people have not lost faith in the New Deal. Now we don’t like to give the impression that the honorable senator is a liar. Nor even misinformed. But in our estimation. If he is right. There sore are a lot of aliens in this country.
Latest reports on the election, show that Commonwealth and Southern’s genial Hoosier is leading the balloting to date. Due to absentee voting. By three counts.
Followers of FDR gave no report.
After 17 hours of drawing. Completed early yesterday morning. Draft officials turned up six munbers short. Which is pretty good at that. They only missed by .0666 per cent. Correct to six decimals. ♦ ♦ * By our slide rule.
So they drew the missing numbers. For the first time. Or again. They’re not sure which. And put them at the end of the line. Looks like someone had worked out a system for beating the draft. Or too many hands in the fish bowl.
The Purdue E3q>onent
Entered u second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, nnder the act of Conareas of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postaKe provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the resrular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Editor-in-Chief E. W. Denahne Business Manager.__. Merle Hagemeyer
Publication Staff News Editor J. H. McKee Managing Editor„ .. «.«... -D. K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Buffner, R. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott.
Business Staff
Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers ; Promotion Manager, C. E. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M.
Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff
Editor 1 Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth
SiesB.
Sports Staff
Editor.
Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O.
Swann.
^th Simpson Rose, Donna
J. P. Dolan
Phones: Ediorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue
Night Editor; Purcell Ass’t. Night Ed.: Kolb
Day Editor; Rose Night Sports Ed.: Swaim
Sophomore Staff: D. T. Brophy, P. I. Jones, Alice Chatfield, Virginia Barson, M. A. Flanagan, R E. Horne.
We should have had our senator there.
This is one place where people won’t be fighting for low numbers. We mean order numbers. That is, the way they stand in line for uniforms. Personally we always thought 9000 was a nice figure.—dkh
Jjumlif. JalL
Robert Belcher
'Black Gold'
... more commonly known as petroleum or just plain oil takes on a new significance with the turn of national affairs. Before last September oil reserves and resources were discussed only by technicians and scientists who wer^ connected with the petroleum industry or by government ag^cies who were concerned about preserving the United States’ huge supply of this valuable gift of nature. But with the advent of the present war everyone, from the boy who runs the newsstand down the street to the broker on Wall street, from the East to the West, and from the North to the South, is discussing the questions of the world’s oil supply and its distribution. For many months we have been hearing about the pressure on Rumania because of her comer on Europe’s supply of the precious black fluid. And who has forgotten about Iraq, Britain’s near Eastern source of oil ? Tonight, to our campus comes one of the world’s leading authorities on the petroleum industry. Dr. Gustav Egloff has been connected with oil, its sources, its processing, and its uses for the past twenty-three yqars. He will speak from experience. He will speak from the standpoint of a research chemist who has had a large part in the work behind the newer developments in the petroleum industry; he will speak from the standpoint of an economist who has studied the distribution of the world’s oil; he will speak from the standpoint of an American whose country’s future may be determined by her supply of “black gold.” Dr. Egloff has been one of the pioneers in the development of high octane aviation fuel which has become such an important item with the advent of the high speed airplane engines. With his large staff at the Universal Oil Product^ Company he has completed research which has added literally millions of barrels of gasoline to the nation’s, and the world’s finite supply of motor fuel. Tonight he will discuss just what these new developments will mean to the U. S. in her defense preparations. Formerly armies marched on their stomachs; today armies march, or rather fly, on their fu^l tanks. Formerly an advance took weeks and even months; today whole countries are devastated and captured in a few days. A nation’s might used to be measured by her man power but now it is measured by the power of its engines and machines. Can the U. S. feed the mighty machines which it is creating and what will this added consumption of our oil mean to our now plentiful reserves? These are the questions which we hope will be answered tonight . by Dr. Egloff in the first of the series of defense lectures.
STARTS TODAY TWO FIRST RUN HITS!
IT'S A HOWL POP AND HIS DOUGH ARE SOON PARTED I
LEON ERROL
DENNIS O'KEEFE, ADELB PEARCE, WAITER CATLETT
— PLUS — JEAN HERSHOLT In the Second of the Radio Inspired Dramas! ' THE COURAGEOUS Dr. CHRISTIAN
NEXT WEEK
The New First Run Hit Attraction THEY KNeV’wHAT THEY WANTED — WITH — CAROLE LOMBARD CHARLES LAUGHTON
The Ratio
3.93 ...to 1
Well, the humdrum middle of the week has hit us again and if it was not for diversions like a fire at the Lambda Chi house Tuesday night, I think we’d all go crazy around here. You should have seen the gang stream out of Cary Halls when the fire engines came around to pay the Lambda Chis a visit. It really is amazing that somebody wasn’t killed in the rush.
Who Done It?
What we want to know is, who started that fire ? There’s been some talk of sabotage on the part of the Theta Chis, while on the other hand, some think that it was started by hot-headed Joseph Patrick Dolan. Personally, we think they are all wrong. We think the Lambda Chis did it to keep Barbara Hyman warm when she struts around in the Alpha Chi’s back yard in her shorts. Is Nothing Sacred? Poor Junie Martin has his pin out and he still has trouble getting a date. He spent all last Saturday evening exploring the town looking for his pin girl, Alice Ann Balls. The women sure do get away with a lot around here.
. . . executive secretary of the Purdue Religious Council, has been asked to serve on the youth section of the National Christian Mission meeting at Indianapolis, November 10 to 17.
Women Are Crazy You know, women are the craziest creatures. They’ll do their damnedest to make a fool out of you and then get mad as heck if you don’t laugh as hard as they do at yourself. Not only that, but if you should by any chance, be lucky
Today-Fri.-Sat.—2 HITS!
mAmommmmm
nomia
»IS MEREDITH aisoKwmmKiB
Greeks Invited To Mixed Red Cross Offers First Aid
Recreation Tomorrow Course, Oct. 28 To Nov. 8
Chi Omega, Kappa Alpha Theta, Phi Delta Theta and Sigma Alpha Epsilon are the two fraternities and sororities which have been especial- ' ly invited to participate in the mixed recreation activities tomorrow evening in the Women’s Gymnasiufti.
Mixed swimming, badminton and volleyball will be the chief sports. All students, with or without dates, are invited to come to the gymnasium on Friday nights from 7:30 to 10 o’clock and join the activities.
First Aid Instructors Course is being offered by the American Red Cross to all persons desirous of becoming an instructor in first aid and being thus qualified to give the Standard Test. To be eligibly for the course a person must be at least twenty years of age and should preferably present the Standard Course Certificate.
The meetings will be held at the Central YMCA in Lafayette, October 28 through November 8, from 7 p. m. until 10 p. m. Those who are interested are directed to notify Miss Elizabeth Roseberry or Miss Gymnasium, b.j.l.
Thundering Through the Savage West's PMost Fabulous, Exciting days! Straight Shooting, Fierce Fighting Kit Carson . .. leading Fremont's cavalry through bloodred trails ... spurred onward by the taunts ... and the lovepf a courageous woman!
JON HALL BARI
DANA ANDREWS • WARD BOND
B 8. W SHOE CO.
121 No. Fourth St
enough to turn the tables on them, they go up in smoke. They can hand it out, but they sure can’t take it. Wrong Formula Prof. Topping of the EE school, pulled a pretty good one on cocky Bob Stecker yesterday. The class was working at the blackboards and Bob used the wrong formula but got the right answer. Bob knew what he was doing, but his neighbors didn’t, so as a result, everybody around Bob used the wrong formula and still came out all right. The devil of it was that Bob got all the blame.
Wesley Foundalion Roller
Skating Parly Tomorrow
/■
Topping’s Okay Let that be a lesson to all you students. Pop Topping is a good guy but he must drive his family to distraction. He has the bad habit of working at the blackboard and getting his hands covered with chalk and then putting his hands in his pockets or rubbing his face with them. As a result, he’s literally covered with chalk dust by the end of the class.
A sad occurrence has happened on our campus, "^he unlucky Sigma Nus are now in mourning because one of their hoys was caught in a draft. The little lad was Bob Nixon. I fear we’re going to have many similar occurences from now on.
LEARN TO DANCE
NEW ADULT CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER'S
WED., NOV. 6TH
TO EXPERIENCED DANCERS ADVANCED THURS., NOV.7TH 7:30 P. M.
ALLEN’S 6TH & FERRY
ARC
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
RITTER
Jbid Bib Honm "wHlTS FliASH'
THE COWBOY FROM SUNDOWN
PLUS
Paramount presents m.' ■tmMattttr
— WITH — FIRST RUN NEWS ROBERT PAIGE
-ALSO
— ADDED — LOUISE CAMPBELL
O.SOfrLOW
fith an alhlaugh cast MARY BETH HUGHES GREGORY RATOFF . JOHN PAYNE ANNE BAXTER • LIONEL ATWIU
TODAV-miDAI
oKraii SHOES FOR MEN
MOST STYLES
THE STTLE and COMFORT OF OUR SMART NEW MOCCASIN
For smarter stylo and greater comfort at only $4.00, it's Fortvmes for Fall—^no matter what the occasion. For campus, casual or spectator sports wear, we recommend fcis new, custom-styled Fortune moccasifi.
/
Wesley Foundation will conduct its second roller-skating party of the year tomorrow night at 10 o’clock. Preceding the party refreshments will be served and games will be played at the Foundation House, 436 State street. This entertainment will commence at 8:30 o’clock. Tickets for the affair will sell for
25 cents. d.t.b.
.r'
/
'4»‘ "K:
■<h tv
'jj
£xp6nstnl Spo/dA ^euyi
Aquacade To Star The Human Fish In
Thursday, October 31, 1940
Big Tank Program With connections already made •with some of the nation’s leading swim stars, Coach Dick Papenguth has preparations well under way toward completing the program for the 1940 Aquacade. The spectacular show will be studded with swimming “greats” that will perform on the Fieldhouse’s watery stage ^n November 29 and 30. Human Fish Featured Johnny Howard of. Chicago, the“human fish,” will be the featured Star of the show and his feat of swimming five lengths of the pool imder water will be only , a part of his extensive repertoire. The underwater specialist holds practically every major under-water swimming record in the country, and in making them, he. raised the distance record from 80 to 130 yards. Divers On Program In direct contrast to Howard’s submersive activities, will be the eight divers that will form a major part of the program. Last year’s Aquacade found Larry Griswold, from Billy Rose’s World’s Fair show, the hit .of the program, and he will be back this year. Pete Reasor, 11-year old prodigy from Lawrenceville. 111., will help Griswold keep the board bouncing as he displays an amazing number of fancy dives. Water Ballet Planned From this campus the show will draw a large part of its participants, with the swimming team in a leading role. Betty Beamis and Virginia Schakel, freshman co-eds, will team up with Papengiith’s famous Patty Aspinall in a speed swimming exhibition. The Triton Club will present a water ballet
Freshmen, Varsity Show Promise At Early Net Drills Scrimmage, with no hold? barred, was the main feature on the Boilermaker basketball floor yesterday afternoon. Although the varsity has not received its call for practice, there were many of the lettermen taking part in the scrimmage. A few of the familiar faces were “Red” Caress, “Jake” Weber, Nuetzel, Blankin, Adams, and Swartz. Rhinies Promising The 36 remaining freshmen are beginning to get into the swing of. practice. After another cut, reducing the number to 20, the squad will be down to a progressive size. Although the rhinies are lacking the knowledge of fundamentals, many of them have an eye for the basket. There is a great deal of natural ability among the greenies, and the net swishes regularly. Pra'ctice was held under the scrutinizing eyes of Coach Ward Lambert. Varsity practice will beginnext week, forcing freshmen to discontinue practice until the close of football season due to lack of playing space. r.g.s. ' , and the presidents of the Triton and Dolphin clubs will act as host and hostess. Johnny Dilley, a freshman on the campus and at present one of the nation’s leading backstrokers, will be on hand to take a shot at existing Indiana records, which he shouldn’t have much trouble lower-
ing.
Visitors May Watch Coach Papenguth also wishes to announce that on Tuesday and Friday afternoons) the doors to the pool will be left open and any student or resident of the city is -welcome to come in and watch practice. j.d.f.
A PURDUE MAN for Prosecuting Attorney of Tippecanoe County
THEODORE J. SMITH Competent — Qualified — Deserving Democratic Candidate Ballot No. 14
WInibrop Shoes $6.85 to $8.85—Colonial Grades $5.00 to C6.00.
fERE’s the shoe that taught thousands of men 1 how to loaf luxuriously. Easy-going—thor-oughly American in style and comfort, the Klomp is back this season smarter than ever an odds-on favorite at leisure time. Try on your pair today.
KINNEY'S SOUTH SIDE OF SQUARE
Replaces Kinnick
By Joseph Patrick Dolan
Here at Purdue we seldom hear alibis and never do we hear the word “moral victory,” but do-wn at Columbus, Ohio, where winning is the only acceptable gift of a coach, the Buckeye bosses find themselves at a loss since they have seen their efforts take three impressive lickings. Coach Schmidt doesn’t like that “moral stuff,” either; anyway, that’s what he’s on paper as having said; however, Mr. Schmidt has a new one. _I.I_ His eleven was defeated by a couple of touchdowns last’week up at Cornell, and pan you imagine the nerve of the Cornell coach, Carl Snavely ? Coach Schmidt brings home the astounding news that the Cornell coach was directing the Big ^ed from the Cornell bench. Now isn’t that the height of inauspicious corruption? Can’t you just imagine the shock Mr. Schmidt received when he saw his adversary directing his troupe with a wand or stick. -I-I— Why to take advantage of the officials’ attention to the game by such an open violation of rule and ethics as coaching from the sidelines behind those officials’ backs, has this •writer’s mouth wide open— in laughter. And when I think of the coach who is causing all the Buckeye laehrymation, I think of coaches who can dish it out but can’t take it and also of the coach who thinks the public is so ignorant of this game football or hog-rassle to believe that only one coach does a
Hawk Offensive Studied; Squad Primed For Scrap With concentration placed primarily on Iowa plays and offensive formations, the squad and coaching staff conducted an extended scrimmage drill yesterday afternoon to ascertain the diffculties they will be faced with on Saturday. The Boilermaker attack received its share of careful scrutiny, but most of the workout was given over to j|olding a suitable defense for the type of scor|pg thrusj;s deployed by Dr. Eddie Anderson's
crew.
Anderson Clever / .
Since the Elward offense has been gaining steadily in effectiveness as
Bob Bender, 185-poand left halfback for the Hawkeyes, will partially'fill the shoes left vacant by Nile Kinnick when the Boilermakers battle Iowa at Iowa City Saturday. He was a constant threat against Minnesota, averaging 35 yards per punt and completing four passes.
little directing from the bench. —I-I— But maybe some coaches aren’t so blunt and open-aired as Mr. Snavely, of Cornell’s bone-crusher. If I remember a few Saturday’s ago down at Colmnbus, I can still depict a certain Ohio coach using everything but a semaphore system from his bench and also (conscious or unconsciously) taking advantage of officials ... in substitution. —I-I— Mmmmm! Aren’t some person’s silly when they talk too much! I didn’t say anything about writing. Well, I didn’t!
T-BONE STEAK or V4 FRIED CHICKEN 35e THURSDAY NIGHT PURDUE COFFEE SHOP 127 NorHiwesfern Aye. West Lafayette
the season '•has progressed, time may be well spent on perfecting methods of stopping the Hawks without much serious detriment. The advent of Anderson at the Iowa City institution has brought many innovations for the improvement of the squad. Among these have been various' successful modifications of the Notre Dame backfield shift. Elward impressed one important fact upon his charges that they will need to remember in Saturday’s tussle. “When you see the backfield shift you must realize that they run certain types of plays from specified formations,” Mai stated as he instructed them on how to diagnose and combat the many and varied tricks that will be run off this week-
Walking Race . . . will be held this afternoon at 4:16 o’clock on the Intramural Field. All contestants should meet at the site of the contest promptly at 4:00 p. m. in preparation for this threelap event which is equivalent to two and one half miles. All men students registered in the school are eligible. Medals will be awarded to the first four men completing the course, w.h.h. IM Schedules TOUCHBALL Thursday, October 31
Field
1. Alpha Kappa Lambda vs Delta Tau
Delta (W. B. Agler)
Sigma Chi vs Beta Sigma Psi
(E. Srokd)
Tau Epsilon Phi vs Theta Chi (G. E. Bowers) Phi Delta Theta vs Theta Tau • (J. Hawkins) Beta Theta Pi vs Alpha Sigma Phi (R. J. McCarthy) Phi Gamma'* Delta vs Sigma Alpha MtT ,(Joe McGrath) Delta Upsilon vs Sigma Phi Epsilon' (Dick Michaels) Acacia vs Theta Xi (W. B. McAdams) Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Alpha Chi Rho (E. Richman) Sigma Pi vs Alpha Tau Omega
(D. Adams)
Lambda Chi Alpha vs Kappa Sigma (Paul Schriber)
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.'
7.
9.
10.
11.
end at the com land Homecoming
celebration.
More Razzle Dazzle One of the most confusing points in the versatile offense is a double shift, wherein the backs go from a “T” formation to a single wingbaok or a short punt formation and then shift to a modified box formation, which occasionally shakes the fullback oui as a flanker. The double wingback has also been taken from the Warner system with the wingbacks shifting' about five to seven yards beyond the end position. Another razzle dazzle feature practiced by the cagey Anderson is an unorthodox grouping which resembles a “T” formation in reverse.
Murphy Out
Bone-crushing Fullback Murphy will be unable to handle his customary job as the starting line Smasher for several weeks and may be on the sidelines for the remainder of the campaign. He suffered a badly separated shoulder, or possibly a broken bone, in the first three minutes of the Minnesota game. His loss is keenly felt in the Hawk camp though they have a trio of capable buckers in Green, Vollenweider, and A. John. The starting backfield, despite the trouble it experienced with Bierman’s vaimted Gophers, looms as a great scoring machine. Coupee, Bender, Gilleard, and Green comprise a versatile quartet that can run, pass, kick, and block with the best of them. Ma^illon Mike I Mike Byelene will definitely not play for some time, but that does not keep little Mike from his dally chores at limbering up his legs. Yesterday afternoon, he was throwing passes with his left hand and doing better at it than many can with their natural hand. Moreover, he was catching them with one hand. It would be next to impossible to keep a man with that “never say die” spirit on the bench for long,
o.t.c.
\
Here Are Your Formals For Military Ball—and the Coming Social Season
Make your selection now from a new shipment just received from New York and California . . . see the same styles that are being shown in Mademoiselle, Vogue and Harper’s
Bazaar.
All styles extreemely sophisticated to the
young bouffant type.
— Nets —Chiffons — Jerseys — Taffetas —
Lames — Combinations —
Complete Selection of Accessories for Evening wear ^
Crepes
Evening Wraps, Velvets, Wools, Camelshair, $10.95 tb $29.50
Prices Range from
Sizes 9 to 111 — 10 to 20 Formal Gown Shop Second Floor‘ Sir" ,
,,%• ta!,i>ir.,^<i\i}ir'., /• ,'j„'i, iJtO :> ?'(’V *'M'i'it ' ‘ i,‘ (’j«'
, , I I V I 'jfi , J.
POROOE EXPONENT
Thmsdoy. October 31. 1940
(OabJhinqion TbiWA Hart on Capitol Hill By C. J. Hart One of the boys who has been hanging around the legislative hails for a great many years and who knows more congressmen and senators than there are electoral votes in Texas, California, and New York told me he had an idea about this campaign. He said that the papers wei'e be-
Classified Ads
hind Willkie. (We all know that.) Further, he said that the psychology used by the pro-Willkie section of the press (by far in the majority) was similar to the psychology being used by that same section of the press with regard to the battle of Britain. Deeming that it was necessary that we feel sympathy for Britain, these papers, he said, have reasoned it would be bad business to tell how well Britain really is doing. Willkie Winning? Likewise with Mr. Willkie. They figure voters may sit up and take notice of a man who has the indomitable courage to go on in the face of tremendous odds. They figure that the public response may be the same as it was with regard to Britain. Whatever, watch the electoral ballot—^not the polls. Mr. Gallup will have to get on the ball quickly —^remember the Literary Digest! One of Washington’s cave dwellers poised her pince-nez specs and asked her colored maid who was going to win the election. The maid oozed, “Marsa Roosevelt’s runnin’, ain’t he?” ,, Late the other night, the janitor who sweeps up the cigarette butts off the fioqr of the editorial room sarcastically said Willkie might as well go home—that Roosevelt was running. Workers For FDR I was standing on New York Avenue the other afternoon. A “No Third Term” parade of sleek cars with a motorcycle escort drove by. Many of them were long, black limousines with a glass pane separating the passengers from the driver who was attired in a smart uniform. THE PASSENGERS WERE FOR WILLKIE. That’s the way the campaign looks from here, now. But all of the polls, the papers and the radio commentators say there’s a swing to Willkie. Willkie, that dogged, burly, energetic, gravel-voiced liberty revivalist is beginning to take, they say. These papers and polls say that reports indicate that the middle west, responding to the insurance salesman technique, is switching from Roosevelt to Willkie.
Letter To The Editor
Dear Sir: Granted that this country encourages freedom of speech, the Purdue Exponent certainly verifies that statement. On one page is a well-written editorial maintaining that we shouldn’t complain at the outcome of our Homecoming game nor decry to the heavens one inadvertent mistake. Be that as it may, on one of the succoeding pages is a column denoted exclusively to a private gripe-ses-sion relating to fraternity decorations. It would seem as though some people will gripe even if they must invent something of which to complain. Further, it would seem that our ace “sports-writer,” Joseph Patrick Dolan would be thus classified. Lesser Fraternity While I belong to what probably would be cohsidered by Mr. Dolan as a “lesser” fraternity on this campus, I would like to inquire as to which house he belongs. Kappa Sigma or Lambda Chi Alpha. Naturally I hold abiased opinion as to the merits of our own display; however, I cannot clearly see that the “most attractive” display is the one attracting the most attention. Fires, floods, and automobile accidents will almost instantly attract large crowds, and I imagine that even Mr. Dolan will agree that they hold no true relation to the “true Homecoming spirit.” Perhaps the Theta Chi’s exhibit was superior; perhaps it was not;, but does that give any other house the right to play the part of poor loser and poor sportsman by shouting “we wuz robbed?”
Personnel Interviews Company: Minneapolis-Honeywell Regulator Company, Minneapolis, Minnesota. Company’s Products: Electric and Pneumatic Control Systems. Types of Positions: Sales Training Course. Training Desired: Electrical or Mechanical, January graduates. Salary: $100.00. Company: Chain Belt Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Company’s Products: Chain, Sprockets, Conveyors, Elevators. Types of Positions: Production, Sales Training Course. Training Desired: Engineering, January graduates. Refusing to apologize or retract a statement only shows the smallness and narrow-mindedness of the individual who made it. How about it, Joe? J. H. N. EE ’42.
Rooms For Rent: Rooms for fellows in new gas heated home. Private entrance, tiled shower, twin beds. Phone 2143.
Lost: Kappa Kappa Gamma Key. If found call Betty Ann Carr, 4079.
For Rent: Rooms. Either doubie or single. Second door east of Northwestern. Phone 41344. 606 West Stadium. Lost: Brown w^et. Contains football tickets, money and Identification. Reward. Call 4051. Brophy.
Notices
No notices received after 8 p. m. Newman Clnb: Discussion groups will meet on Tuesday and Wednesday nights in room 328 and on Thursday nights in room 304 of the Union at 7 :30 p. m. , —LEUES. YWCA Cabinet: Meeting Thursday, October 31, at 4 p. m. in YWCA office. —BRYANT.
Chicago, Illinois October 29, 1940 Dear Sir: ' This is the first time I have ever written to an editor, but I must congratulate j.p.d. for his “Timely Talk” in Sunday’s Exponent. I saw the game on Saturday and in my opinion, there was a ball club of which every Boilermaker can be proud. It was the best Puydue team I have seen in years. And Elward is tops as coach in my book. Every word in Dolan’s “Timely Talk” can be said again and again. Let’s not be cheap like some “sorehead” universities and start yelling for a coach’s scalp. We can’t win all the games, and some day we will get some of the breaks. In the next couple of years, we will receive plenty of dividends on Elward and that team; so let’s stay with them, Very truly yours, George L. Jackson, CE ’26.
Delta Rho Kappa: Short meeting of actives and pledges Thursday, October 31, at 5 p. m. in room 303 of the Union. Bring dues and money for keys. Second check up on boards and boxes. Key order to be sent in immediately. —OSWALT Model Railroad Club: Meeting Friday, November 1, at 8 p. m. in room 304 of the Union. Prof. Hargrave will speak. Full attendance requested. —DARE.
POMM Pledges: Meeting Thursday postponed until next week. Keep your eyes glued to this column. —McCAMMON.
Lutheran Students: Hallowe’en party Thursday evening, October 31, out in the country. Meet at 7 p. m. at east door of Union. —MERZOFF.
Sigma Delta Psi: Meeting of all local and national members Thursday, October 31, at 4 p. m. in room 302 of the Union. Organization and election of officers. Please be present. —WENTE.
Modern Dance: The club will entertain all new girls out for dance this fall in the Women’s Gymnasium at 7 p. m. Thursday, October 31. Anyone interested will be welcome Movies of concert dancers will be shown and refreshments will be served. —SWOPE.
Sigma De^ta Chi: Meeting of actives and pledges Thursday, October 31, at 7:30 p. m. in. the Exponent oifce. Discuss convention. —McKEE.
LEARN TO DANCE The Arthur Murray Way First Class Thursday 24th Phone 3063 Bob Bauman Price $1.50 10 Lessons
Sandwiches '
School Orders
Cold Drinks Curb Service
T
Student Patronage Appreciated * \
^/umL ^joblsA. oh the Levee Between State and Brown
Mrs. Stella Brown, Proprietor
^1, 'pS"'.’- ''f
; 4'1.
SCA and Indepfndent Houses: Representatives and PIA Activities Chairmen will meet Thursday, October 31, at 4:30 p. m. in room 304 of the Union. —GRIFFIN., Sigma Delta Chi: Key replicas wRl be distributed at meeting Thursday for 26 cents apiece. —SKALLERUP,
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichfy
Rnss-Rent-A-Car Service. Cara for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone, 2407. Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes "ot portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. tCffice supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Slain St. Phone 2779.
Glider Club: Meeting Thursday, October 31, at 7:30 p. m. in room 828 of the Union. ^ KANE.
4-H Clnb Members: Annual Fall party in women’s gym, Saturday, November 2,i from 8 to 12 p. m. Committee members have' tickets. Ten cents in advance and fift^n cents at the door. —DE LA CROIX.
Lost: Necklace of white elephants on campus Tuesday about 8 a. m. Finder please call 3876. Reward.
Lost: Roi^d, yellow gold Elgin wrist Watch, narrow brown'braided wrist band. Lost in Fieldhouse. Call 2348.
Owners of Lost Glasses: Two pairs of lost glasses have been turned in at Dean Enders office Please come in and identify them. —ENDERS.
Graduate Students: ’The English examination required of all graduate students who expect to become candidates for advanced degrees will be given on Friday, November 1, at 2:1B p. m., in Eliza Fowler Hall. Please be there promptly at 2:1B. i —DUKES.
Christian Science Organization: The regular meeting will be held Thursday, October 31, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 302 of the Union. -MACK.
PIA Salesmen: Turn in membership books after 4 p. m. in the office before Wednesday, November 6. —SOPCAK.
Kappa Psi: Business meeting at 4 p. m., 'Thursday, October 31, in room 205 of the Pharmacy Building. —SCHAEFFER.
Advanced Course Military Seniors: Seniors will be paid in the main office of the Armory from I to 4:30 p. m. on Monday, November 4. —TORMEY.
Wesley Players: Important meeting on Thursday, October 31, at 7 p. m. at the Foundation. —THOMPSON.
Camera Club: Meeting 'Thursday, October 31, at 7 :30 p, m., in the East Faculty Lounge of the Union. Tanco will speak on “Portraiture.” Everyone is invited. ' —GERHART. Military Ball Committee: There will be a meeting of committee members Thursday, October 31, at 4 p. m. in room 202 of the Armory. —AULL.
‘They’ve got a beautifully furnished place, but I can remember when they didn’t owe anyone a cent!”
trance of the Union at 7 p. m. —SMITH.
Cheer Squad: Yell practice will be held Friday, November 1, at 4 p. m. in the stadium The full squad is expected to turn out. , —ZUCK.
Purdue Riding Club: Important meeting of all members on Thursday, October 31, at 7 :46 p. m. in room 304 of the Union. —GRAHAM.
Christian Student Fellowship: Meeting Thursday, October 31, in room 807 of the Union. This will be the meeting place for the year. Visitors welcome. —LONG.
Lutheran Student 'Association: Hallowe’en party at Herbert Zinsmeister’s Thursday, October 31. Cars will leave east en-
Purdue Aeromodelers: There will be a work session in the new workshop, room 80 of the basement in the Union, BYiday, November 1, at 7:30 p. m. Be there. —OBARSKI.
Purdue Outing Club: There will be an Important business meeting Tuesday, November 6, in room 212 of the Union. All old members are urgently requested'to attend. Everyone who is interested is welcome. —PARKER.
CLOTHES LAST LONGER When Sent to Crown Regularly for Cleaning Our expert skill, painstaking care and years of experience plus thorough cleaning process offer you the finest cleaning service available.
r I « E CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
COMPLETE WITH BULB
The lES tag it carries is proof that it’s easy on the eyes it certifies that this study lamp has been approved by the Illuminating Engineering Society. It's just as easy to LOOK AT as to see with, too, Purdue's Black and Gold seal and letter are mounted on its fine parchment shade; an antique bronze standard harmonizes perfectly. f The quantity is limited—stop in at our store and get your lamp now.
PUBLIC SERVICE compnnv of inoiRriR
' n ( - 'Kh r Yi
It''
»/'
■M
r