\
Purdue
Exponent
Volume 51. No. 140
CO-ED EDITION
Thursday. March 2h im
Co-eds Pick Zwierlein, Bryant, Westover
Bugher, Blinds La ng Fill
Karl McEachron
Other YWCA Posi tions ToSpeakAtAIEE
Open Meeting
Burnham, Scarff, McCulloch, Croll, Carpenter Make WSGA; Harrison, Ward, Laswell In WAA
YWCA members elected Ruth Bryant to head their activities for next year at the cd-ed elections yesterday. Ruth is a member of Alpha Chi Omega sorority and a pledge to Gold Peppers, activities honorary. She is a junior in the science school, has been active in the Playshop lab group, and was secretary of YWCA
last year. She lives in West Lafayette.
Thelma Bugher, Pi Beta Phi, was ■
chosen as vice-president. Other officers are Kathryn Lang, Alpha Xi Delta, secretary; and Jane Blind, Alpha Xi Delta, treasurer. Catherine Cooley, outgoing president, stated last night that applications for those desiring positions on the YWCA cabinet are to be turned in after spring vacation. Interviews for these positions will take place later.® Four Co-eds Pose At Camera Club's Meeting Last Night At the meeting of the Camera Club held last night in room 304 of the Union experience in posing and lighting techniques were practiced by the members of the organization. Ellen Kepner, Vivian Dickerson, Peggy Davis, and Mardelle Edwards posed for the members. In preparation for this meeting, Paul Tanco, local photographer had addressed the club at the last meeting on the techniques of lighting and posing. Approximately 50 dollars worth of new equipment was available at this meeting for use by the members. The club’s next large project will be the gala week exhibit. Any student is eligible to enter pictures in this contest. All meetings of the club are open to any student or faculty member interested in photography. Easter Cantata Speaker Precedes Choirs'Songs In Second Performance Final presentation of “The Seven Last Words of Christ” was given last night at 8 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall by the combined University and Echo choirs. This, the second performance of the cantata, was slightly different from the Tuesday presentation. The seven last words were spoken by Robert S. Thomas before they were sung by the choir. A public address system was installed in the auditorium for this purpose. The script from which Thomas read was written by George Osborn, graduate student.
Mclntire Orchestra To Play For Mortar Board's Co-ed Ball Wayne Mclntire and his Dixieland band have been contracted to play for the Southern Ball, Mortar Boai'd co-ed bid dance, on Friday night, April 12, in the Union ballrooms. The Souther^ Ball, which will be a formal dande, is replacing the annual Gingham Gallop given by Mortar Board in former years. Mclntire played with Johnny “Scat” Davis and his Hollywood band at Chicago’s Blackhawk all last summer. While Davis handled the “scat” songs, Wayne took over the singing 6f the sentimental ballads. At the present time Johnny Davis’ younger brother is a member of Mclntire’s band. Tickets for this dance, the last open co-ed bid affair of the year, will go on sale this week at soroi ity houses, the Union desk, and residence halls. Tickets are priced at one dollar. The committee consists of Georgann Schilling, band; Louise Schickler, decorations; and Martha Moorhead, tickets. Summer Jobs Open For Welfare Work Opportunities for membership in a summer laboratory studying social and industrial conditions in Boston for four weeks, from June 21 to July 20, are open to all co-eds who are interested in welfare work. Part of the expenses for the laboratory IS being advanced by the Metropolitan Student YWCA. Additional expenses for each student are estimated at $80. Each girl accepted for the laboratory will work full time as an obseiver or volunteer in some agency or organization in her particular field of interest in welfare work. In the evenings, discussion groups will be led by speakers who are experts in their respective fields. Students will live at South End House, a famous settlement house in Boston.
Leap Year Complicates Gayest Season We Ask You, 'Is It Or Ain't It Spring?'
By Donna Siess
“Good morning, good morning, another new day is dawning.” Today we herald the arrival of spring. Yet, not without some controversy IS spring being greeted today. It seems that this Leap Year business has complicated the dates somewhat. If we are to believe what we hear, infant spring was born yesterday, as Leap Year sets it up a day. Being a bit old-fashioned plus not being particularly happy to greet this new baby amidst snow flurries, we are blowing the trumpets today. So hail spring! Long may you live, and happy may we be. What does all this mean? As we
Whoo Cares
tiavel down life’s stages, the significance of spring progresses in like manner. To the baby, spring means a chance to tickle the toes in the smooth green turf. Marbles, tops, kites, and such stuff appear with the coming of this gay season for the adolescent. The next stage
Karl Boyer McEachron, chief engineer of the General Electrical lightning laboratory, will address all engineers at a meeting of the local branch of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers tomorrow at 7:30 p. m. in room 264 of the electrical engineering building. “The Story of Lightning,” both artificial and natural, brought down to date with the aid of research work carried on at the General Electric high voltage laboratory at Pittsfield, will be the subject of Mr. McEachron’s talk. The meteorological aspects of lightning will be discussed and illustrated through the use of slides. A means of determining the characteristics of lightning discharges from photographs, obtained through the use of various t3q)es of camera equipment used by McEachron and his assistants, will be explained by the speaker. During his talk, McEachron will give the results of some investigations which he has conducted this past summer dealing with direct strokes of lightning. A motion picture will be shown that will take the audience into the laboratory at the Pittsfield Works of the General Electrical Company. This movie will demonstrate the effects of high current on different materials. Purdue Grad McEachron attended Ohio Northern and Purdue Universities and received the degree of BS in EE and MS in EE. From 1914 to 1918 he taught at Ohio Northern University, and from 1918 to 1922 served as a research assistant on our campus. The speaker has distinguished himself in research work, and, in addition, is a well-known speaker on engineering questions. He has also been active in the National Institute of Electrical Engineers.
Eileen Westover was elected by WAA members yesterday as head of the organization for the coming year. Other newly elected officers are: Eleanor Harrison, vice-presi-dent; Mary Lou Laswell, secretary; and Marjorie Ward, treasurer. A member of Pi Beta Phi sorority, Eileen Westover is from Indianapolis. She is a transfer from Stevens College. She is a Triton Club member and has been very active in WAA activities. WAA council members will be chosen soon, it was announced last night by Georgia Walker, retiring WAA president. Cornelia Skinner To Appear April 4 For Convocation Cornelia Otis Skinner, famous for her dramatic interpretations done in monologue, will be the convocation artist in Memorial Gymnasium on Thursday, April 4, at 8 p.;m. Without support, and with little or no stage effects, she interprets various characters in plays and also gives original modern monologues. Miss Skinner attended Baldwin School and later Bryn Mawr, which she left before graduating in order to study at Sorbonne. Her debut on the professional stage was made in “Blood and Sand,” in which her father also played a major role. Authors Her Own With the experience gamed from the professional stage, she wrote and performed the first of her character sketches. These gained recognition immediately and soon she was m demand throughout the nation and in London. Miss Skinner now devotes a great deal of time to radio performances and writing for the New Yorker and other leading magazines.
Even The Studerris Don't Know Do We Or Don't WeWant Finals?
brings us to our own dear campus. Sweet nothings, billings and coomgs, ain’t life grand, and all those little things are self explanatory in themselves. Then life takes on a losey hue — all’s well with the world. Much as we hate to leave this stage, Shakespeare tells us that next spring means oiling the fishing pole for our pa’s and planting daffodil bulbs for our ma’s. “Well, gosh, grandpa, what you got to say for yourself?” “Well, I’ll be demed, ma^ if it ain’t spring. Reckon, I’ll go out and get in a little of that sun, mighty good for the rheumatism.” Love — Phooey OAV ‘auudg Monaj 3unoA ‘uoijsiq may hail you with loud hurrahs-and ano ui iJoC noK but we’re warning you to treat us kindly, please. Snow is nice in the winter, rain is o. k. at certain times, and even wind can be tolerated in its place; but in spring, we like
spring!
By Regrina Baker An age-old question “Should semester examinations be retained at Purdue?” was argued at length at the meeting of the local chapter of the American Association of University Professors which was held in the home economics cafeteria last night. Professor L. M. Sears of the history department, upheld the affirmative side, while Professor P. E. Lull opposed him. This problem came into the limelight when Dean A. A. Potter presented five proposals to the commitee on semester examinations. The committee sent out questionnaires to the faculty, and Professors Sears and Lull were asked to represent each side of this question. There was a time when final exams were abolished at the University, but after a few years they were reinstated and have continued each year sinpe. “Exams Important”—Sears Dr. Sears insists that exams play an extremely important part in education. If students know one problem on the final, he maintains that the professor knows that the student is familiar with all of the preceding work. There are two points of view to be considered—the professor’s qnd the cramming views. Professors must impi'ove questions before the student can get a good re-survey of the course. Dr. Sears approves of cramming, as he says that it prepares students for minor crises in life and pointed out the fafct that lawyers, clergymen, doctors, and even the faculty cram while working. He also be-
lieves that exemptions are detrimental in that everyone does not get to share in exams. Exams are part of the warp and wpof—part of the mass of the university system as they help to give special distinctions to honor students. This was the final contention of the affirmative side. Professor Lull objects to exams for three different reasons: one, that they either fail to promote or interfere with the aims of the teaching profession; two, that they are unreliable measurements of achievement; and third, that they are unnecessary. He argues that if an instructor writes a good exam, and reflects on the answers, turning in the grades in seventy two hours, the final is a good one. But, how is the instructor to know if he has interpreted the answers properly? Professor Lull quoted figures from a poll, the material of which was gathered by Sam Marks in much the same manner as the Gallup polls. Results show that 60 per cent of the students are against the present system and that the same number do not want a change. However 53.2 per cept favor a plan whereby no finals would be given but rather regularly announced quizzes. In the faculty questionnaire, 139 favored the present system; 44 desired a few minor changes; "and 72 demanded complete abolishing of this system or radical changes. Professor Murphy, president of the AAUP, after reading this questionnaire, adjourned the meeting.
Dr. Lillian Gilbreth To Speak At Annual WAA Dinner Tonite WAA will hold its annual sports banquet tonight at 6:30 in the home economics cafeteria. Dr. Lillian M. Gilbreth, WRH resident faculty member and engineering professor, will speak on, “Thd Trained Woman As A Volunteer.” Hedwig Remek, student from Germany, will also discuss sports in Germany. After the dinner, the newly-elect-ed officers of WAA will be announced and introduced to the WAA members attending the banquet. Co-eds with the required WAA points to receive their “P” letters will be announced as pledges to Sportswomen, vlomen’s athletic honorary. At this time also, freshmen, who have earned 100 points will receive their numerals. Mary Lee Hickman is in charge of the tickets, which are priced at 50 cents and may be obtained in the Union, sorority houses, residence ^alls or WAA office. Ag Students Eligible For Speech Contest Any undergraduate agriculture student may enter the second annual speech contest sponsored by Alpha Zeta, agriculture honorary. The contest will be held April 16 in the Union. Preliminaries will be at 4 o’clock to narrow the field to six contestants, who will continue in the finals the same evening. Entries may be made by leaving name and subject with V. T. Hitchcock, president of Alpha Zeta. Speeches are to be seven minutes in length and may be on any current phase of agriculture. Subjects last year dealt with matters such as soil conservation, farm tenancy, cold storage plants and live stock farming. The Alpha Zeta Speech Trophy will be awarded the organization represented by the winner. Medals will be given to the men who place highest in the contest. Last year’s winner was Rasmaond J. Todd, Delta Chi. ^
University c6-eds elected Paula Zwierlein head of the Women’s Self Governing Association yesterday in their annual election. Paula, a member of Chi Omega sorority, is a junior institution major in tihe I home economics school. She is a Student Senate representative, a student hostess at WRH north, a pledge to €roId Peppers, and has been secretary of WSGA during the past year. Her home is in Lakewood, Ohio. New vice-president is Joyce Bumham, a science school junior from West Lafayette. She is a member of Alpha Chi Omega sorority, a Gold Peppers pledge, and was a junior representative on the WSGA executive board. Other officers are: Secretary, Agrnes McCulloch, home economics sophomore and a member of Alpha Xi Delta; treasurer, Mary Ellen Scarff, Chi Omega, science school sophomore; junior representative, Mary Ann Carpenter, sophomore home economics; and sophomore representative, Florence Croll, home economics student. The election which was open to all University co-eds was conducted yesterday in the Great Hall of the Union. Finalists In Hanley Speech Contest Vie For Honors Tonight Tonight at 7:30 in Eliza Fowler Hall, finals for the annual Hanley Speech contest will be held. Six finalists, W. D. Croft, Clyde Stewart, W. J. Harris, Gordon Belles, Jack Myracle, and Norman Gessley will compete for the first prize of 35 dollars. Five other prizes, the smallest of five dollars, will also be awarded. Contest judges have been selected from faculty members of the engineering, psychidogy, and speech departments. The contest is sponsored by William Hanley, ME ’ll, to promote better se^-eiqires-sion and interest in economic topics among engineers of the University.
For Singing There's Nothing Like Victor Herbert's Music
By Exponent’s Musical Critic
“There is no doubt that any composer has ever been able to excel the singable music of Victor Herbert,” commented A1 Stewart, university music director, as he rapidly scanned the manuscript of “Sweethearts.” As you know by now, “Sweethearts” is this year’s Varsity Show and will be presented in Eliza Fowler Hall April 18-20. He continued saying that although the musical shows of the past few years have been successful choices, their music has lacked the popular appeal of “Sweethearts.” A chorus of 32 voices, equally divided between girls and boys, will serve as a background for the soloists in most of the music. Comic Opera The theme song, “Sweethearts,” will be played both in the introduction and the finale, and will be sung by the leading lady, Sylvia, sung by Marjorie Williamson. Another favorite, the stirring march, “On Parade,” will also be sung by the chorus. Then our friend A1 picked up the “Sweetheart” score, pointing out to us the wonderful opportunity this
musical will give select campus voices to “shine.” Witness, he said, “Every Lover Must have a Pate,” as Hank Amst, who plays the part’ of the Prince, sings it; and as Liane, played by Janeth Dickson, sings, “There is Magic in a Smile;”^ or when Van Trump, played by Robert Stanley, warbles “Pretty As A Picture.” La-De-La-La “Sweethearts,” A1 explained, is a comic opera presented in two acts. It was first written as a book by' Harry B. Smith and Fred DeGresac. Robert Smith penned the lyrics to accompany the immortal music of Victor Herbert. It was first produced in its present form at the Academy of Music in Baltimore, Md., on March 24, 1913. Christie MacDonald sang Sylvia, the leading feminine role. The Varsity Show edition will presmad the original musical comedy with a revised overturestudent directors for the chorus include: Jean Skinner, rehearsal manager; Dick Thornton, acting librarian; and Rosemary Robinson, accompanist.T
PURDUE EXPONENT
Thunsdayv March 21« IdiO
Sixty‘-five teams turned in their applications for the Union bridge tpurhaiheht yesterday afternoon before the 5 o’clock deadline. The first round of the tourney will be played on Wednesday, April 10, at 7 p. m. in the south Union ballroom, announced Marge Seibert and Gene Brooks, vice-presidents of the Union in charge Of the tournament. Formal entry blanks will be available at the West Union desk immediately after spring vacation. All teams planning to play must fill out and file one of these blanks at the West desk not later than 6 p. m. on Monday, April 8. It is necessary to file a formal entry blank even though an application has previously been entered. The applications were called for in Order to deterihme the ' approximate number of teams wishing to compete.
To Compete Saturday Approximately 100 Contestants will compete in the State High School Declamation Contest to be held here Saturday. Winners of first and second places in each of the three divisions — dramatic, humor-* ous, and oratorical declamationwill be eligible to represent Indiana in the national tournament at Terre Haute. Entries are limited to two contestants from each school in each event. Keys will be awarded to the winner of the first, second, and third places in each event, and the three schools whose contestants establish the best records in the contests will be awarded Wall Plaques. Each par-, ticipant iii the three divisions will contest in two preliminary rounds at 10 and 11:30 a. m. on Saturday. Resuming the activities at 2 p. m., they will compete in the semi-finals, and the final contest in each of the three divisions will take place at 3:30 p. ni: Awards will be made at five o’clock in room 363 of the Union. Schools to be represented in the event include Rushville, Kendalville, Bloomingdale, Logansport, Wiley and Garfield of Terre Haute, Ben Davis and Shortridge of Indianapolis, North Side and South Side of Fort ■^a3me, Clarks Hill, New Albany, iElkhart, LaPorte, Hammond High, Knightstown, Columbia City, and North Judson.
Headline of the Week: Harvard Ape Man to Speak Thursday. (William and Mary Flat Hat)
Starts TODAY -^TWO ACTION HITS—
— PLUS — Franlciie's oji the Spot and up to his neek in trouble! rsaNKiE
ciUSiMG rmni
Siskind To Present 'F. M/ Demonstration Before Radio Guild Prof. R. P. Siskind, of the electrical engineering school, will present another demonstration of frequency modulation broadcasting tonight at 8 p. m. in room 254 of the electrical engineering building. This demonstration will be presented at a meeting of the Purdue Radio Guild but will be'open to the public since the sanie demonstration last Tuesday evening was given before a packed house. Frequency modulation broadcasting, is^ the newest development in the radio industry and for the moment is attracting public attention from television. It offers static free
Notices
N* Batfaw wU ka aeetvta4 aftar • p, ak BIB SI ComUtioiu: Examination will be bald in room 801 of the MB bnilding on Satnrday, April 6 at 1 p. m. AH who intend to t<Jce tbia wake-np iJiould notify the nndetaisned ’ before 12 noon Saturday. March 28. -r-MBSSBRSMiTH.
~PiKappaPhi ■ . . . Social fraternity announces the pledging of Robert E. Home, South Bend; George H. Bennett, South Bend; and iRandall Miini^l, Jr., Frederickson, Mo. -
and interference free reception oi very high tonal quality. The latest equipment available will be used in the demohstration which will contrast reception of frequency ’modulation with stani^ardf bfoladbaet reception. The Federal Communications Commission started Monday, holding a special iheetirig to decide whether to give oyer to “F. M.”, one Of the blocks of frequencies that *t present is earmarked for television. If this is done, this type of broadcasting ivill have much greater chance to expand. At present the Commission is being flooded with petitions for licenses to operate this type of station. Several are already in operation including ones in Chicago and Miuneapolis.
Senior Tactics . (MTS) Classes: Meet at the north door of Armory on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday, March 21, 22, and 23. Continuation of the Albert Smith Award Problem. Bring your Purdue and vicinity map. —THOMPSON.
Penalty Dates: During the present semester there will be two penalty dates. From noon March 22 to noon March 28 and April 1. Theee dates represent the 24 hour period before and after spring recess. Absence from a regular meeting of any class during these periods will result in a fine of 85 for each 24 hour period or fraction thereof missed. —FISHER.
Cosmopolitan Club: Movies of Arabia will be shown at 4:30 p. m. Friday, March 22, in room 804 of the Union. Hike cancelled. —SHICKEL.
Sophomore Militai^ Student: Advanced course list posted' oh the bulletin board in the armory, ii Read it and comply with instructions. ' (4-5) —WISELOGBL.
Gala Week: Meet in PIA office at 4:45 p. m. Thursday, March 21, for very short time. -ARCHIBALD.
Distinguished Students’ Refunds: Now available at the cashier’s office in the executive building. —HOLLENSBB.
Independent Staff: Editorial and advertising workers, read notice on bulletin board before leaving on spring vacation. Very important. —ARCHIBALD.
NY A Checks: For period ending March 7, now available at Cashier’s Office in executive building. —HOLLENSBE.
Silver Mask: Meeting in' room 305 of the Union at 7:16 p. m., Thursday, "March 21. All would-be fencers please be present. —NEPTUNE.
Union Sophomores:'Short hut important meeting Thursday, March 21, at 4 p. m. Please report to office. —SHICKLER.
Purdue Gymnastic Club: All members of the club who are to perform in the meet with Williams College are 'to workout their exercises by April 6. Practice is being held every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, from 4 to 6 p. .m.' at the Fieldhonse. - —MIDDLETON.
Gold Peppers Actives: Short but important meeting Thursday, March 21, at 4 p. m. in room B of the Union. —MITCHELL.
YWCA Cabinet: Meeting Thursday, March 21, at 4:15 in the office. Be there! —COOLEY.
Senior Military: Please return the proof of the photograph that you desire placed in the class'picture to Mr. Hinea prior to noon Saturday, March 23. -PICKERING.
Varsity Show Heads: Heads of the following committees, costumes, properties, lights art, carpenter, and house report to Eliza Fowler Hall on Thursday, March 21, at 4 p. m. for a short but important meeting. —LINDSEY.
University Bowlers: There will be a meet-, ing of the University Club bowling league Thursday, March 21, in' room 263 of 'the Union at 4:20 p. m. Any teams interested in entering next year’s tournament, have a representative at this meeting. —HANSON.
Wesley Foundation Marriage Class: The last session will be held Friday evening from 7 :16 to 7 :45. The're will be a brief service followed by a model wedding. Open only to those who have been in the class before. —McFADDEN.
Sweethearts Cast: Thursday, March 21, rehearsal cancelled. —STEWART.
4-H Club Party: Meeting of all committee heads and other interested committee members Thursday, March 21, at 4:15 p. m. in 4-H office to plan for last party.. —DE LA CROIX.
PIA Board: Important meeting Thursday, March 21, at 4 p. m. in PIA office. —MYERS.
Glider Club: Meeting Thursday, March 21, 7 p. m., room 304, Union. —MILLER.
THEY WERE MEANT FOR EACH OTHER.... JUST LIKE THUNDER AND LIGHTNING!
umnifiiu TODAY-fRIDAY-SATORDA!
MARS
—ONE DAY onlywed. APRIL 3 MATINEE NIGHT
THE LAST AND MOST OUTSTANDING LEGITIMATE STAGE PLAY TO BE PRESENTED THIS SEASON EVA LE 6ALL1ENE ONE OF THE FIRST LADIES OF THE THEATRE IN ISBEN'S CLASSIC DRAMA /^HEDDA GABLER''
A
— with —
NOT
STAGE
EARL LARIMORE
A
PLAY
AND A SUPERB BROADWAY CAST
PICTURE
— All Seats Reserved — Mail Orders Now — ORDER YOUR TICKETS NOW BEFORE LEAVING ON YOUR SPRING VACATION— If T\1lir matinee ...55 - 83 - 1.10 - 1.65 M I JIVI NIGHT 83 - 1.10 - 1.65 - 2.00 - 2.50 —Induding Tax—
PlAYforkers ... who have not made arrangements to help with registration for the Nji'C conference, April 4, 5, 6, are requested to attend a meeting ih the PIA office in the Uhion at 6 p. m. tpday. A4ditional -workers are also h^d^ to help with the arrangements for the dance April 5, featuring Jack McLean and his orchesWa.
GRIN ANp BIAR IT
Brklcftly
Classified
FOR SALE FOB SALB--TJvevrit«n. All malK*. atandard and portable, sold,, pnrehaaed, rented and repaired. N^ portable maebinea aa low aa $29.76. Supidiea. Oi F. Ebershefl, 606 Main atr^et. Student WariiinK-—Special PriM. Call for and deliver. Work guaranteed. Phone 7468.
1934 TERRAPLANE convertible coupe. Good condition. Sell at sacrifice. Name your terms. T. M. Patrick, phone 8421.
Good
FOR SALE: ‘29 Model ‘A’ Ford condition. Call F. S. Bremer, 6088.
FOR RENT
Rnaer-Rent-A-Car Serrlce. Can for all liorna. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 144. ■
LOST AND FOUND Found—^Parkette Pen. Grant street near CE building. Owner claim. 246 Wood.
Lost: A P sweater Wednesday at Athletic Carnival. Sure would like to have sweater. Reward. Call 6028.
Lost: Gold Eversharp Fountain Pen near Union or Library. Reward. Call A. Arkin, 7724. Lost: Log log slide rule No. 300011 Saturday at 12:16 p. m. between Mechanical Engineering building and Physics building. Please return to main office Mech. Eng. Lost: Gruen Wrist Watch, Chromium with white gold case. Keepsake, Reward. Rasmussen. 35553.
LOST: One Wahl pen. Green with James R. Bain' stamped on the side. Liberal Reward : no questions asked. Call 61403. Thanks.
Lost: K. & E. log log duplex slide rule in stiff black case. Left in Heavilon Hall, 110, Fri. a. m., March 16. Phone 2478. Reward.
Lost: Billfold, initialed DMW containing tickets to “Grand Illusion.’’ Please call Elinor Ward. Phdne 2661. '
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
STO P LOOK an^lOVE
i
JEAN ROGERS ■ WIIUAM FRAWIEV ROBERT KEUARO • EDDIE COUINS MINNA GOMBOl • Core Suo COUMS
AND
LUMA TODAY - FRI. - SAT. -
TWO FIRST RUN HITS
—with— RUSSEL HAYDEN JEAN PARKER
‘Makes me boiling mad how these foreign cesors strike but the |nost interesting parts of postcards nowadays !”
MADS
TODAY-FRIDAY
When you turn to I^ng Diatauce telephone service, you’re ’’there and hack” in record time. Long Distance connections are made (on the avertige) in about 90 seconds. Quality of transmission is the highest ever. Improvements are constantly fitting the service more and more closely to the public’s needs. No wonder people turn to Long Distance about 2Mt million times a day! In business and social life, it’s one of America’s most reliable and economical short cuts.
Why not points ai
sphone honre; otter (west, any night gfti
★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★f
I
i ^
Thursday, March 21, 1940
f I (
BoUermaker Baseball Squad Prepares Far Southern Trip Batting practice took up most of the timey^of Coach Dutch Fehring’s baseball candidates last night as cold weather drove them back indoors after they had moved out to Intramural Field yesterday for-iheir second outdoor practice. The head mkn is anious that his men have their batting eyes in view of the proximity of^ the much publicized southern trip in the near future. Don “of-basketball-fame” Blanken was heaving them in from the mound along with Bob Bailey and a couple of other boys. With only nineteen positions open - ■
on the southern squad, there will be plenty of competition as the 34 aspirants struggle for recognition. Since Pehring has announced that some o| thh players who made the trip in previous years may be left at home in the face of more promising talent, every man out for the team is Showing' added snap and fire to cinch his position in the eyes of
the head man.
As an added impetus to the efforts of the squad, the clash with the Pittsburgh Pirates looms only 24 days ahead. A chance to exhibit his wares against major league talent is a rare treat for the average college player and the Boilermakers intend to take every opportunity in their clash with Frankie Frisch’s
THE PORDhE EXPONENT
EntomologisisToDiHuss Insed Control Methods Entomologists of the North Central States will open their nineteenth annual conference today. The meetings will sponsor an exchange of information on vegetable garden, greenhouse, and stored ;productsi insects and plant resistance to various insects. A differeht phase of the subject will' be studied each day of the conference, which closes Saturday, and discussions of methods of controlling major insect menaces will be featured. Approximately 200 people are expected to attend this conference.
^ JhUSL
f
A good book, a comfortable chair, a pleasant atmosphere! What more could be asked for. Relaxation supreme at will. JhsL fijVvdwL TnsimsfdaL lAnmn. \ The Corner of the Campus-^ Yet the Center of AcHvUies
£xfwmjni SfioAiA paae
Fraterrtities To Start
IM Baseball April!
Entry blanks for the spring interfratemity baseball proceedings were mailed to the various houses on the campus yesterday, and are due back in the intramural office not
later than tomorrow noon.
The first games Will be played on Tuesday, April 2, and Wednesday, April 3, and will serve merely as a
practice round.
All games are to be played on the intramural field and as formerly the 10 or 12 weaker teams will play in a separate league, the two best teams going into the finals. A trophy will be given the winning team and medals will be awarded the members of this same team while a smaller trophy will go to the victorious team in the lower
league.
Fraternity golfers are reminded that Fraternity Mass Golf starts on Saturday, April 13, and tennis players should also start preparing for action since Tennis doubles in class “A” and “B” and tennis singles will start April 8. Chauncey House . . . ed co-operative, announces the election of the following: Robert Troyer, president; Jim Kurtz, secretary; Paul Smith, treasurer; Gerald Hess, house manager; Raymond Thayer, kitchen manager; Charles G. Smith, purchasing agent.
UoUeh'A. Ijmi-uin-irTnii-
By Margoerit^p^ University co-eqgjwfio ^ave won much acclaim nationally for their attainments in the swimming world are Barbara Cook, a senior in the science school, and Loraine Bemis, a freshman in the home economics school. Barbara Cook is already well known by students for her swimming achievements, but as yet Loraine Bemis is still unfamiliar to many of them. For this reason we are devoting this space to telling you something about Loraine. —^fc— Loraine learned to swim when she was in the seventh grade in her hometown of Nashwauk, Minnesota and participated on a high school swimming team when she was thirteen. In her junior year in high school she was on the State High School Swimming League and competed against 100 girls to win the 100 yard free style and placed second in the 50 yard free style. She also at this time swam in the free style relay that placed first. —fc— Her first attempt in national competition was in the Indoor National Meet in April, 1939, which was held in Indianapolis, Chicago, Cleveland, and Detroit. She succeeded in placing, although she did not come in first. In this year’s Indoor National Meet held at Miami Beach, Florida, she failed to place. This was probably due to the coldness of the water to which she was not accustomed.
Riveter Swimmers Will Finish Season
AfYaleOnMar.26
Trackmen End Indoor Season Saturday Night Closing a season of indoor track that has had both in its high and low points for the Riveter team witli a lack of success in dual meets somewhat balanced b;^ first and second places in two triangular contests, four Boilermakers will compete in ttie Chicago relays at the Amphitheater in the Windy City Saturday night. Meanwhile their teammate Ed Holderman will running against such stars as Taisto Maki, the Finnish^distance star, and Mi^igan’s Schwarzkopf in a two mile race at Ann Arbor, Michigan.
Competing in the last meet of the current season, the swimming team will leave Tuesday, March 26, for the National Collegiate meet which will be held at Yale University during spring vacation. This is the first time that the University will be represented •with a complete team in the" meet altho'ugh several times before indmdual Boilermaker swimmers have entered the events. The eight men composing the squad are: Graham, Herr, Kratzer, Branner, Anderson, Andersen, Tingle, and Smith. This is the last meet for Captain Graham who is the only senior on the squad. In the free style events ICratzer, Graham, and Herr will compete. The breast strok6rs -will be Anderson and Tingley.
Loraine participated in the co-eds Telegraphic Meet which was February 29 ;and March 5 and her placement in third position in the 100 yard free style caused Purdue to tie for fifth place. —^fc— In August Loraine is going to swim in the Outdoor National Meet in Portland, Oregon. This is the first time she has ever entered this meet. Dick Papenguth, Purdue swimming coach, is her coach while she is at school. Loraine ;s just beginning her swimming career and from all evidences it is certain it will be a suc-^ cessful one with many more championships ahead.
..^nd tLen SL
(jimei
She was a picture of loveliness—Her soft hair perfectly curled. Are you tired of the same hairdo? Do you long for something smarter—something brilliantly new yet easy to care for? Then put your hand in the dept hands of our stylesfs. See them bring out your best in a truly becoming coiffure.
. . .of Michigan will compete with Ed Holderman in the special invitational race with Taisto Maki at Ann Arbor Saturday. ' Miller Judges Club Glider On Test Hop Craig Miller, ME ’41, test-hopped the Glider Club’s new two-place utility ship Tuesday afternoon. This steel type glider was designed by Miller and constructed by members of the club. Next week the ship will be taken to Frankfort, Michigan, to be flight tested there.
Jbat
/o-mji/ii/ £ook
It's that brisk, clean, every-thing-in-order look.. fabric clear as a •window pane. If you want a bandbox look. Archer is your stocking. Arclier Hosierij THIEME & WAMGERIN CO. Miin $t.
Holderman, Coach Phillip’s up and coming distance star, has accepted the invitation to run against Maki in the race at Ann Arbor, which is one of the series of races Maki is competing in to raise funds for the benefit of his homeland. McQuinn of Michigan State and Schwartzkoff of Michigan, who outran the field in the two mile nm at the Big Ten meet in Chicago, recently, -will add speed to the field. The Mile At Chicago Simmons, Wente, Anthony, and Captain Shackleton wiU make up the team that will represent the Boilermakers in the one mile relay at Chicago where they will run against the Ohio State relay team. Earlier in the season the same Riveter team, in a clash with the same Buckeye team, fought to a tie for fourth place while last Saturday in the Butler Relays the Gold and Black team was able to eke out a •victory against the same opponent by a step to take fourth place. Many nationally and internationally known stars •will be present at this meet in the Windy City which is sponsored by the Chicago Daily News and is strictly an invitational affair. Among them will be Glenn Cunningham, holder of the world record in the indoor mile. Chuck Fenske, and Archie San Romani, all of whom bum up the boards in the mile. Chauncey House, A2 Teams Lead Hardwood Leagues This week marks the end of the basketball season as the military and co-op leagues played the final games. A2 defeated A4 23 to 17 in the Freshman Battery games. Scoring 11 points, O’Shaughnessy of the A2 team was high man. Chauncey House came out on top in the co-op league do-wning Marwood House by a score of 40 to 22. Kurtz of Chauncey House and Jackson of Marwood took the honors scoring 15 and 10 points respectively.
'Grand Illusion'
... a French film with English sub-tctles, •will be sho^wn in the electrical engineering building April 6. The picture is being presented under the auspices of the University Student Alliance. Tickets may be purchased from members of the organization.
Fhooe 3085
Going Home for EASTER ? ? ? Look as fresh as an Easter Bouquet— in American's Dependlable Cleaning! American Laundry WbatSkbOffiouPURDUE EXPONENT
niursdayv March 21^ id4d
Congratulations
To Paula Zwierlein, Ruth Bryant, and Eileen Westover we extend our congratulations, on their success in yesterday’s co-ed elections. A^d to their well-matched opponents we send our regrets and our sincere hopes that they will continue to work in their chosen activity. As president of WSGA Paula Zwierlein will become head of the co-ed governing organization, help make rulings, regulate co-ed hours, and sponsor affairs for girls on campus. YWCA’s new president, Ruth Bryant, becomes leader of the cb-ed religious and philanthropic group. Co-ed athletes next year will be under the leadership of Eileen Westover, new WAA president. To these newly elected officers we wish a very successful year’s work. The activity heads who have set an example this year leave a high standard to achieve. However, these new leaders can do little without a following, and it is up to yetterday’s losers to build up the follower’s ranks by their enthusiasm and added interest in the activity. A fairly large number of eligible voters cast ballots in yesterday’s elections. It is hoped that the advocated “Vote For The Girl” idea was carried out by the voters. Inter-sorority politics is not an evil to be fought with open accusations, for such facts are known to remain strictly in the rumor classification. It is to be wished that voters aspire to have enough individuality to decide upon their own winners, rather than to mechanically mark a ballot according to the planned directions they have received. Orchids to our new activity girls — Paula Zwierlein, Joyce Burnham, Agnes McCulloch, Mary Ellen Scarff, Mary Ann Carpenter, Florence Croll, Eileen Westover, Eleanor Harrison, Mary Laswell, Marjorie Ward, Ruth Bryant, Kathryn Lang, Jane Blind, and Thelma Bugher. —G. S.
Purdue Exponent
K. E. Insley Editor-in-CWef W. E. Smith Business Manasrer
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038;
Sports 2792
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March' 8,
1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail sub-
scription $3.60.
Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Avc, New York, N.Y.' All unsigned editorials are written by the editorial di-
rector.
Co-ed Editor, Georgeann Schilling; Night Editor, John IVillsey: Issue Editor, Georgia Carroll: Sports Editor, Beth Simpson ; Proof, Mary Burtsfleld. Sophomore workers: Miller, Bailey, Siess, Stiers, Kaplan, Baker, McClintoCk, Justin, Itwin, Stallings, Funkhouser. ■ Freshman workers: Barson Weiss Strachan Ramsdale, Chatfield, Boynton, Fuller. Thursday, March 21, 1940.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Uchty
Ah, beautiful spring! Comes the time when every man’s heart and mind , turn to fishing . . . etc., the ironic thing being the fact that he is usually bn the wi'ong end of the line. And all the BEST men are oh those nasty inspection trips, too. Maybe it will lower the resistance of some of those he men.. . hope, hope.
—B & B—
Isn’t it funny what a mere change
of seasons will do to some people?
But
Incidentally
By Nastotchka Fedoravna Gavrilowitch I, Nastotchka, salute you! Maddest of all Russians am I, for all the Russians are mad at me. If they aren’t now they will be after this column. Many things am i called by the Russians—sometimes comrade, sometimes Fedora, but most often just plain Nasty! '
Time was when there was no one from Choinike to Urevitch who kept a better somavar or slung a better bowl of borscht. But now l am reduced to the lowly state of having to enter the Union through one door, the other door being locked. Beware Mr. Vallely—comes the Revolution^—both doors will be locked'.
And then there’s the matter of the dog. It wandered into the library the other day to get out of the rain. It shook the rain oif its back, sniffed inquiringly at a few students, and then stretched out in the middle of the .floor and fell asleep. And it snored! ‘
We are willing to bet that it didn’t read the sign on the wall-—the one that starts “Give your fellow students a break by keeping the library a quiet place to study.”
If anyone objects to the “we” let it be known that with a name as long as ours, a dual personality is a necessity. One person couldn’t carry it all!
P. H, Dormer
... senior chemical won the allcampus ping pong tournament last night when he defeated J. L. Nemeth, freshman engineer, in three straight games. The scores were 2113, 21-17, and 21-12.
Flying Club Plans Religious Council Plans To AttendAhMeet Good Friday Program
In Washington, D. C.
At a meeting of the University Flying Club held in the Union last night, plans were discussed for attendance at the National Intercollegiate Flying Club conference in Washington, D. C., April 8, 9, and Several members of the organ-
10.
EVA LE GALLIENNE is recognized as one of the most important personages of the American stage. Devotees of the theatre and students of drama and literature cannot afford to miss her engagement. She is America's foremost exponent of Ibsen's immortal plays, appearing this season in
ization were appointed to attend.
Their principal mission while
there will be to submit a bid to hold the National Intercollegiate Flying Meet at the University airport this June. In 1935, the first year of intercollegiate competition, the meet was held here. Since then various other universities have annually
been sponsoring the event. Arrangements have already been
made to the extent of co-operation of the Chamber of Commerce of Lafayette and West Lafayette, and the state and local police. Trophies will be furnished by local merchants, fuel for the meet being furnished by a national oil company.
Sponsored by the Purdue Religious Council, a special Good Friday program will be held at the West Lafayette Methodist Church at 8 p. m. which is open to all interested students of the university. Included in the program will be the showing of a group of stereoptican slides telling the story of the life of Christ. Religious music will be furnished by Paul Tincher Smith,
Roberts, organist.
A new cyclotron at Washington University (St. Louis) will,require 78 tons of special steel.
You can catch colds so much more easily . . . and that isn’t all. But cheer up, socialites, because we have, it upon the highest authority that a good kiss generates so much heat that no cold germs can be transniitted. Yes . . i he’s an EE!* —B&B— The Kappas are now leading the campus in the great indoor sport of pin pushing. At least some of the new initiates are really on the ball in that respect . . * Erma Berry led off by hooking Joe Rayniak’s Beta pin . . . so Betty Ann Carr just had to relieve Bob Brown of his badge ... from the same house. —B & B— One of the best stories we’ve heard all week concerns the little (?) man from the Alpha Chi Rho house , . . who brought Gerry Buhrke home early from a date because she had a cold and “Had to be in early.” This could have had a happy ending, except that Richards hung around too long saying a fond farewell . . . and met Gerry’s date number 2 just arriving. Don’t worry, Fred, maybe it was just the night shift coming on ... and double pay for overtime, you know. —B&B— Speaking of it . . . there is one man on this campus who really must be fascinating to the other sex. We just found out that Robert Morrison’s girl comes way Irom his home “town,” Brooklyn, New York, jiitt to visit him. That accounts for his sad, woman hating attitude on this campus ... between visits. —B & B— Something slipped in the Alpha Gamma Rho house and two good men were shanghaiied by Phi Mus Green and Thornburg. George still doesn’t know what happened, and, in case Bob Ralston misses his ring, Mary Ann is now wearing it. Smooth workers . . , yes ? —B & B— Jim Kurtz, of the Chauncey Co-op Houseds a junior PE... so of course all his friends know something is up when he takes to studying - . . (unheard of) ... at the Libe. The real reason is a cntie called Gloria ... This is a paid ad. --B&B— Last but by no means least comes the news that K. C. Houston is get-
Oregon State College owns a 14foot section of Douglas fir, alleged to be one of the mythical Paul Banyan’s poker chips.
Going Home For Easter? Travel in Student Parties to Chicago, Cleveland, Buffalo and New York SATURDAY, MARCH 23rd CHICAGO NEW YORK ’ Lv. Lafayette..... 12:45 p.m. CT Lv. Lafayette ..12:30 p.m. CT Ar. Chicago ..3:15 p.m. CT Ar. New York 8:00 a.m. ET CLEVELAND and BUFFALO Lv. Lafayette 12:30 p.m, CT Ar. Cleveland 8:15 p.m. ET Ar. Buffalo ...11:59 p.m. ET arranged for and purchased at STUDENT SENATE OFFICE, Room 360 Union Building from March 19 to March 22 inclusive between 4 p. m. and 6 p. m. Herbert Fishburn, Pres. Student Senate Phone 4005 New York Central System
"HEDDA GABLER" at the Theatre, Wednesday, April 3.
Mars
Wm Morris Agency Presents
HENRY BUSSE
AND HIS ORCHESTRA The American Legion Auxiliary
April 5th Dancing 9 to 1 Lafayette Armory 9th & Union Tickelt May Be Purchased at DEACS West Desk of Union 4
We Think It Good Business To Give You More For Your Money
It costs Crown more to clean clotlies^ because they use the Monite Moth Proof mg Process. But it has proved a good iuvesluieut-r“Uiore people depend on Crown Cleaning since we instituted this additional, clothes protection.
NO EXTRA CHARGE FOR THIS SERVICE —
Croitn Laundry
F^t N E CUE A'N E R S O F F 1 N E CLOTH E S
‘How she got a man is beyond me! Why, she hasn’t even got a job!”
ting his competition from Cary Hall ... in the form of Carl Luedemahn ... who is really a whizz in Shakespeare class. Maybe K. C. should get a little culture .. . but Betty used to like cave men . . . so we’re betting that she returns to the AXP house.
—B & B—
SAE footballers Edmond Dimond and Junior Pence were griping the other day about never getting their names mentioned on the sports page (or any place for that matter). But what have they done to deserve it ?
If they would put their pins out on this campus or do something else infamous, they might at least rate this column. House prexy. Art Lutz, has the same gripe, but all he does after hours is build model airplanes. —B&B— And from the Phi Kappa house conies more spring news. ’This time it is the story of none other than Frank McCray Merriel who had just two dates with a Dorothy Danghman of South Bend and lost his pin to the lass ... well, his name is Frank Merriel.
SENIORS Buy Your Personnel Data Sheets Now $3.85 Per Hundred UNION BUILDING— ROOM 356 PURDUE ACTIVITIES BUREAU
THE IDEAL EASTER GIFT RUBINSTEIN’S—-Apple Blossom Cologne Perfume Body Powder Many Fine Gifts At
Vellinger’s Pharmacy
834 Main Street
Agents For MARTHA WASHINGTON CANDY
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• School Supplies
• Professional
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
Bisk Dental Clinic DR, PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A, RISK DR. HAROLD/; RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
• Florists
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
DR. C. E. SURRATT OPTOMETRIST
• Jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
■ m ^ 522 Main St. Phone 4781 LAFAYETTE, INDIANA
• Dine
• Rest. Supplies
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
SPECIAL DECORATED OR CREST AND MONOGRAM CHINA GILLESPIE'S 2211/2 Col, St. Phone 6405
i
)- I
r.i
f