THE WEATHER
* Fore^st for Indiana: Fair Thursday; Friday generally fair and waCrmer.
Purdue Exponent
THOBSDAY Dectfinber 15/ 1938 Lcdayefte, laSacta Vol. 50 No. 80
iown Titans
Campus Group Will Sing Carols After Ball Game
Activities Bureau Will Interview All Fresh Before Xmas
“Freshmen, are you interested in an activity?” This is the fundamental question which the Activities Bureau is asking as it goes into the last of'the freshman interviews. “Sixty per cent of the frosh have been interviewed and the other 40 per cent must be contacted before Christmas vacation begins,” stated Bureau Worker Bill Breuer last night.; ' Remaining freshmen are asked by the Activity Bureau to report to room F between 2 and 6 every afternoon fexcept Saturday and Sunday, and between 10 and 12 a. m. on Saturday. Between five and 13 persons are doing the entire quantity of interviewing. 200 In One Day Two hundred students have been handled in one day with a top capacity of over 400 so that there is no danger of having to wait in line. Room P is on the first floor directly opposite the east Union desk. Recommendation of activities, clubs, and societies is the main purpose of this project of the bureau. The complete background of the student is reviewed, interest and aims brought to light, then the proper activity group is recommended by the interviewer.
versity Glee Club will lead the caroling from the balcony just outside the faculty lounge. Director of Musical Organizations A. P. Stewart will be in charge of the sing and will present his Concert Choir and Glee Club in special numbers. Free Food Student Union officials announced last night that free food would be distributed in the Union cafeteria as that organizatioA’s Christmas gift to the carolers. Coffee and doughnuts filled the tentative menu. In order to insure full vocal strength during the Yuletide frolic, those in charge of the project have made arrangements for the words to the songs to be p^-ojected on a screen dropped from the faculty lounge balcony. An amplifying system will carry the announcements and special numbers to the crowd below. Student Union officials extend an invitation to all University students, faculty members, and townspeople—citing that old but pertinent adage, “the more the merrier!” Leaflets containing words to Christmas songs have been made available to the student body, and may be obtained at the musical organization’s office free of charge.
Hudson Features Auto-Poise Safety
Stamp Enthusiasts To Give Broadcast
Members of the Lafayette Philatelic Society will give a broadcast over WDAM at Danville from 2:45 to 3:16 this afternoon. The broadcast will be split up into a short play on stamps written by Henry Miller and a discussion on the Exhibit, Auction and Bourse of the midwest federation of Stamp Clubs to be held at the Hotel Wolford Friday and Saturady. Cast for the play will include Joyce Burnham, Dick Pittenger, and Dicken Connor, with Harold Martin providing the sound effects.
According to Murry Northup, the chief engineer of the Hudson Motor Car Company, blow-outs at high speed are no longer dangerous if the car is equiped with Auto-poise. This was proved recently when Ralph de Palma punctured a left front tire while traveling at 60 miles an hour with no disastrous consequences. An exclusive Hudson development Auto-Poise consists of spring^ steel lever device connected directly to the wheels which counteracts all the forces trying to turn the wheels from their natural course.
Pi Kappa Phi...
. . . social fx-aternity, announces the initiation of the following men: Elmer Burnham, West Lafayette; William Vernon, Chicago, 111.; John Oswalt, Lafayette; and Richard Edwards, Indianapolis. '
Independent Convention Will Discuss
Housing Problems Saturday Morning
“Better Housing Campaigns” will come up for discussion at the MidWestern Independent Convention Saturday morning. Convention delegates will start registering at 10 a. m. tomori'ow in the Union.
Following registration tomorrow morning, and before luncheon, visiting delegates will be taken on a tour of the campus from 11 o’clock until noon.
^ Bob Heine, PIA vice-president, will hold open forum on the housing question during the discussion sessions from 8:46 to 10:16 in rooms 1 and 2. Following Heine, a representative from Wisconsin will discuss “Methods of Independent * House Organization” in the faculty lounge.
Prof. W.K. Haft To Address
Bodden To Speak < William Bodden, University auditor of student accounts, and Stanfield Taylor, from the University of Illinois, will take up financial ques- ^ tions at the 10:30-11:46 discussion session.
Co-ed Debaters To DeanR.G.Dukes... Fisher, Dickinson Get Nine
Points; Caliban High Man
Through the cooperation of the Student Union and campus musical organizations, the annual All-campus Christmas Carol Sing will be held outside the Union Building Monday night. The time is approximately 9 o’clock, just after the basketball game with Connecticut State. “It is a very fine thing,” said Prof. Frank C. Hockema last night. “We are greatly in favor of such an activity.” Most campus opinion seemed to follow this trend of thought. The Concert Choir and the Uni-
Meet Iowa Group Here This Evening
At 7:30 tonight in Fowler Hall Purdue’s co-ed debating team will talk against Iowa’s co-eds on the proposition, “Resolved: That the economic principles of the totalitarian state are desirable.” Purdue, upholding the affirmative, will be represented by Mildred Harper, HE ’42, and Charlotte Lochner, HE '40. The negative, taken by Iowa, will be represented by Frances Highbarger, junior, and Dorothy Guenther, sophomore. Both are enrolled in Iowa’s liberal arts school. After the debate there will be an open forum when members of the audience will be permitted to ask debaters questions regarding the subject. Last week Purdue’s negative tfeam, composed of Gene Pechin and Charlotte Finney, journeyed to Columbus, O., and vied with Ohio State affirmative team on the same proposition. This was a non-decision debate followed by an open forum.
Glee Club To Sing Christmas Cantata
The University Glee Club will present a short Christmas cantata entitled “The Birth of Christ” at the Convocation for Worship to be held in Fowler Hall Sunday at 4:30 o’clock. In addition to the cantata, two choirs of 90 Rvoices each will render a selecraon of carols. Two string ensembfles and a brass quartet will furnisn the accompaniment as well as present several musical numbers.
December Engineer Will Feature Senior
Trips, Patent Laws
“Obtaining a Patent” is the title of the lead story in the current issue of the Engineer, written by J. R. Eubank, going on sale today. Eubank graduated in the mechanical engineering school. This article contains information that every engineer should know, on the proper procedure in obtaining a patent. Of special interest to campus readers are the detailed reports of the inspection trips taken by the seniors this fall. A complete report on the activities discussed and undertaken at the welding confei’ence held on the campus recently is also included. Eleven hundred copies of this issue are being printed. Extra copies may be obtained for 15 cents at the Engineer office on the second floor of the Union Building. Next month the issue will be given over to the road school, to be held on the campus some time in January, with 1,000 extra copies being printed.
Advisory Council Eleds
Officers For Coming Year
Hawaiian Engineers' Group
Professor W. K. Hatt, of the Univei’sity engineering experiment station, will spend a month in Hawaii where he will address the Engineering Association of Hawaii on January 13. Prom Hawaii he will visit Australia and finally return to Lafayette in A^ril. Pfofessor Hatt
Officers for the coming year were elected at the regular quarterly meeting of the Purdue Fraternity Advisors’ association Tuesday night Dr. C. B. Kei;n was elected president; G. A. Hawkins, vice-presi-dent; and Fred Willis was re-elected secretary. J. J. Davis is the retiring president.
Kappa Delta Rho...
is retiring from the University on
January 1.
. . . social fraternity announces the formal initiation of the following men: William Trombley, Lansing, Mich.; William Slone, Alexandria; Carl T. Lohf, St. Louis, Mo.; Kenneth Kinxmel, Vincennes; and Ted Hildebrand, South Bend.
By Jim Hebbeler
Don’t be too quick to sell the Boilermakers short in the Big Ten!
The final score of 39-27 in last night’s game at the Fieldhouse was just a stopping point for the Lambertmen when “Piggy” started sending in sophomores, as the Gold and Black five was heading for a scoring spree with 19 points in the first eight minutes of the final period. The Boilermakers were handling ——
... of the graduate school, who will give the first in a series of talks on history of engineering science today at 7:30 p. m. in the Union tower room. This is the first in a series of talks sponsored by various student societies.
the ball in old time fashion throughout the greater part of the game, but those basket eyes were still in cold storage. Eight minutes of the game had elapsed before either team broke into the field goal column and Dan, Fisher put Purdue in the game on a 6-2 lead. Good Rebound Work
NSFA Will Convene For 14th Annual Convention Dec. 27
Santa Will Present Gifts At PIA Xmas
Dance Tomorrow
It was Fisher that kept the hall rolling for the Boilermakers the entire game with some swell rebound work that had the Detroit team on the defensive the greater part of the time. The other spark plug in the Purdue attack was “race horse” Tom Dickinson. Both boys were credited with nine points and were playing heads-up ball the entire time.
Novelties, in the form of appropriate gifts, will be presented at the PIA semi-formal Christmas dance tomorrow night. One of the highlights of the evening’s entertainment will be the pi’esentation of gifts by Santa Claus.
Through the pei’mission of L. M. Vallely, Union manager, the faculty lounge and the entire west second floor corridor will be available for dancing. A public address system will be provided to carry the music of the Irvan Maury orchestra from the ballroom.
Detroit’s highly touted center, Caliban, lived up to his name with some classy ball-handling and fine all-around play. He copped high point honors for the game with four baskets and three free throws and watched Anderson and Swartz garner seven fouls between them playing opposite him. Quiet Start The game was off to a rather quiet start, but the teams started mixing it up toward the end of the first half. As the gun at the half (Continued on page 4)
Unable to attend the National Student Federation of America’s 14th annual congress here at Purdue December 27 to 31, Governor M. Clifford Townsend will send Floyd I. McMurray, State Superintendent of Public Instruction, here to wel- ' come the 200 delegates at the opening luncheon for the state. H. Horner, president of the greater Lafayette chamber of comferce, and Frank Hockema, assistant to the president, will extend the welcome of their institutions at the same luncheon.
Topics for Discussion
“Student Leadership in Commimity Life” will be the congress theme. Under that head “Students in College Communities,” “Men and Women’s Self Government,” “Stu-dent-Faculty Relations,” and “Student and National Commimity” will be discussed.
Christmas Decorations
Decorations will be -In keeping with the Christmas spirit, and the stained-glass window at'the end of the ballroom will be draped with a curtain with a large wreath and a candle in the center.
Russian Pictures Now On Exhibition
A large Christmas tree will be placed to one side of the bandstand, while a fireplace, through which Santa will enter, adorns the other.
New English Course
Russian photographs and block prints make up an exhibit in Building No. 2. Interesting high-lights of life in the USSR, including studies of women and children, still life, and portraits are subjects for the photographs, all of which are examples of skilled workmanship. The public is invited to inspect this exhibit, which will continue on display through Saturday.
Two dances in the Union ballroom will be held Tuesday and Friday nights. Friday’s dance will be formal following a formal banquet in the ballroom. Open house at the Fieldhouse and a sleigh ride, weather permitting, will fill the other two nights.
Horticultural Society
To Meet In January
Offered Ag Students Alpha Chi Rho...
“Agricultural writing,” a three credit hour course in composition for students in agriculture, will be offered in the English Department for the first time next semester.
Recently approved by the faculty, the course is designed to give practice in writing articles for farm journals and for newspaper faim pages. T. R. Johnston and G. W. Sample of the University bureau of information, and J. H. McKee of the English depai'tment will administer the course.
. . social fraternity, announces the initiation of M. E. Keane, Chicago, 111.; S. H. Wheeler, San Antonio, Tex.; L. B. McCammon, Tulsa, Okla.; H. I. Tayloi-, Chicago, 111.; R. A. Sprakei", Milwaukee, Wis.; and G. W. Frederick, Elkhart.
Annual Indiana Horticultural Society meeting will be held here on January 10, 11, and 12. President L. V. Doud, of Denver, Colo., and other prominent men will give talks on subjects concerning horticultural and agricultural progress. Some of the topics to be discussed include: “Orchard Management and Marketing,” “1938 Experiences with Oil-Nicotine Sprays and Residue Removal,” “Priming and Its Relation to Fruit Set and Spraying,” and “The Cull Apple Problem.”
Cosmopolifan Groups To Gather Here
Sunday For Midwestern Convention
Designed especially for sophomores, the course will be elective, open to all students.
Dukes To Speak On Engineering's Past
Dean R. G. Dukes, of the graduate school, will speak on the history of engineering science today at 7:30 p. m. in the Union tower room This is the first in a series of talks on the history of engineering sponsored by student branches of the American Chemical Society, Purdue Engineer, and honoiary fraternities in the schools of engineering. ■
This talk and other lectures in the series are open to all students and staff members.
Midwestern college students, both American and foreign, will gather here Sunday and Monday for the first regional convention of Cosmopolitan clubs in this area. Invitations have been sent to numerous universities. Indiana has already registered 20 delegates, while students from Northwesteim and Illinois have signified their intentions of attending. Only the University of Minnesota has declined the invitation because of exam week. Additional delegates are expected from Chicago, Iowa, and Wisconsin. Creek For Speaker Speaker for the conference will be Dr. H. L. Creek, head of the University English department and former advisor to foreign students at Illinois. Dr. Creek will discuss, “Cosmopolitanism and International Affairs.” Starting with registration at 9
Sunday morning, the conference will get into full swing with a meeting in the afternoon, followed by a religious convocation. In the evening a banquet will be held at which Dr. H. L. Creek will deliver his ai^-di-ess. Following the banquet, a social program will be staged in the Union faculty lounge. To Tour Campus Monday morning will be filled with a tour of the campus, with a meeting of chapter representatives scheduled for the afternoon. In the evening a party will he held in Hxe faculty lounge. University students in charge of convention arrangements are N. Ajr* asun, of Turkey, president of the regional district; Irene Sawyer, ef Colombia, South America, reeicmal secretary; Florence Senow, Jm Clark ,and Claude Mnttay.£dibfdaL
1HE FDBDOE EXPONENT
J^tcduhaA,
Thursday, December 15, 1938
Christmas Caroling...
. . . will take on a new aspect this year. Not only will the Union offer its front yard as a gathering place for the All-University Carol Sing, but it has ordered a Wiblic address system to facilitate direction M the large crowd expected. To supplement this direction officials plan to display words to the various carols on a huge screen by means of slide projection. This should go quite a ways toward keeping the carolers in unison, which is very essential to mass demonstration of this sort. As an added attraction the Union plans to serve everyone with coffee and doughnuts in the cafeteria following the sing. Success of the undertaking has been assured by the whole-hearted cooperation of genial A1 Stewart and his Concert Choir and Glee Club. A1 has consented to lend his personality and ability for the occasion in the capacity of director. Stationed on the balcony of the faculty lounge, the Choir ahd Glee Club will form the nucleus about which the proceedings will rotate. Student Union sets 1,000 as their attendance goal. We feel, however, that since the Sing will follow immediately upon the heels of Monday night^s hardwood battle with Connecticut State, and since the old Christmas spirit is in the air, not less than 2,000 students should be out for the Carol.—^REI.
the Purdue Exponent Entered aa second class matter at the post office in liafayette. Indtena, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879. and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 3, 1917. authorised January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Editor-In-Chief..._ H. I. Stanback Business Manager R. R. Hensler PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor. H L. 8. Hardin City Editor D. A. Bailey Associate Editors....6. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A, Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager. M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager - .....Wi, F. Befg Sales Manager —V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager...... — H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager. ...„.._W. B, Smith Art Director. - —D. J. Henninger
CO-ED STAFF ... SaUy McKee ..Joy Johnson,
Wlckard
Editor Associate Editors.
Editor. - ——.— Associate Editors —
Georgeann Schilling, Betty
SPORTS STAFF
R. L. McDonald J. A. Hebbeler,
R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE
Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office
BUSINESS OFFICE
812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 6038
SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind.
Phone 2792
Night Editor—Houston Issue Editor—Taylor Thursday, December 16, 1938
Informal Attire To Be Keynote Of 'P' Club's Blanket Hop Changing the dance from the previously announced semi-formal to sports clothes, the “P” Blanket Hop committee stated that girls may wear school or spectator sports clothes and “P” men their athletic sweaters while dancing to the music of Michael Hauer and his band at the annual “P” Blanket Hop Saturday, January 7. With the tickets now on sale at Deac’s and the west Union desk as ballots, ticket holders may vote for the king and queen of the Hop on Thursday and Friday, January 6 and 6. Candidates for queen will be annoimced in Sunday’s Exponent, and the king will be selected from among the members of the “P” Club. Blanket Programs Black blanket material with a yellow “P” on the front serve as covers for the unique programs. Tickets for the dance are printed on the inside of the back page and will be detached upon entering the dance. Proceeds from the dance will be used for two purposes: to purchase the “P” blankets and to furnish the club room of the “P” club in the Fieldhouse. ' YWCA Will Entertain At Christinas Dinner At the regular Friday meeting of the YWCA cabinet tomorrow, 10 memhei*s will be entertained at a Christmas party and dinner in the Union grill. Edna Schwab, who is in charge, announced that the dinner, scheduled to begin at 6:16 o’clock, will be in the form of a Dutch treat. An exchange of humorous 10 cent Christmas gifts will be held following the dinner.
Duke University SCHOOL OF MEDICINE DURHAM, N. C. Four terms of eleven weeks are given each year. These may be taken consecutively (graduation in three and one-quarter years) or three terms may be taken each year (graduation in four years). The entrance requirements are intelligence, character and three years of college work, including the subjects specified for Class A medical schools. Catalogues and application forms may be obtained from the Admission Committee.
IMPROVE YOUR DANCING BY EJVROLLING IN OUR NEW-ADVANCED CLASS Thurs., T)ec. 15, 7:00 p. m. LATEST DANCES TAUGHT PHONE 2150 No Lessons During Holidays ALLEN'S 6th & Ferry
Cinema Cues
By Betty Wickard Constance Bennett is the charming head of a lovelorn agency who falls in love with “a man who knows his own mind,” in “Service DeLuxe” Lafayette feature today through Saturday. Vincent Price, newest import from the New York stage, is the leading man, while Charles Buggies has a comedy role. —C-C— “Nancy Drew—Detective,” a story based on the exploits of the heroine of Carolyn Keene’s books will bring Bonita Granville to the Mars today and tomorrow. Bonita is aided in solving the mystery of the kidnaping of a wealthy old spinster by her boy friend, played by Frankie 'Thomas. —C-C— Bob Hope and Shirley Ross who were so successfully teamed in the “Big Bi’oadcast of ’38” are together again in “Thanks for the Memory,” at the Mars starting Saturday. The plot concerns the hilarious struggle' of a newlywed couple to get ahead in the world despite the antics of their fun-loving friends. —C-C— “Prairie Moon,” the new Gene Autry picture at the Luna today through Saturday, stars Public Cowboy No. 1 and his side kick, Smiley Burnette, in a story complicated by tenement kids and cattle loistlers. “Exposed,” a drama of
candid camera trickery with Glenda Farrell and Otto Krueger completes the bill. —C-C— In “Call of the Yukon,” based on James Oliver Curwood’s story, “Swift Lightning,” Beverly Roberts is the writer who finds herself quite stranded in the wilderness. Richard Arlen and Lyle Talbot are rivals for her love. “A Man to Remember,” a story of the heroism of a small town doctor and featuring Edward Ellis and Anne Shirley, forms the other half of the double feature at the New Main today through Saturday. —C-C— “Border G-Man,” an action crammed western starring George O’Brien, will be teamed with “Here’s Flash Casey,” the story of our camera experts and featuring Eric Lender and Boots Mallory, at the Arc December 16 to 17.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
FINEST LUNCH
IN TOWN
at 20c
1 Frost
10
1 Chop Steak .
10
Total
.20
TRIPLE
XXX
ARC
TODAY — FRI. ~ SAT.
-RADIO PICTURE
and
‘MAUORV
also
LUNA
SINGING A SONG OF THE PLAINS! Gene
Today - Fri. - Sat. 2 First Run Hits! They broke her camera . . . beat her up . . . threw her out . . . but she always got her picture!
MW?
K
It won’t be long until Christmas and at Christmas some one always gets a brilliant idea. This little bit of poetry was contributed by one of the admirers of this fancy little column. WARNING WINNERS # Little Co-ed, all alone Walking cross the stage, To me your just an animal Prancing in your cage. You may have won the contest. Your spirits now are high. Don’t think that you are the only bird, Fljdng in the sky. Remember last year’s winners? They tried it once again. They found out they were not so hot As they had been then. —^Elmer Pigg. from Hog Waller. LOUIS LUTH is now President of Theta Xi. That makes him eligible as one of the more important bachelors on the campus—^they say that LOU is available too. It seems so funny . . . the rapidness that swallowed ANNA FAY CAMPBELL from circulation. And while we’re in the Alpha Chi house there are some very fine sophomores that we all have been overlooking. Namely Val Armstrong and Ona Morrison , . . We noticed MARY JANE WEST came back into circulation after a few Bold and Black suggestions so maybe this will help the situation for the other three mentioned girls. The Sig Chis are certainly getting around. Last Saturday night three Sigs had dates with three of
Personality in Flowers Get Your Corsage at the Purdue Flower Shop 221 State Street
STARTS TODAY TWO FIRST RON HITS
A Virile Rugged “He Man" Story of the Frozen North!
, ... mciiiiRiiAiiii! b ’|\ BiVliUlf ROBiifS IXU TALBOT* MALA You'll Thrill To This Red-Blooded Adventure!
PLUS
-
A country doctor who dealt m kindness MdJ^umble courage .. only to receive ' nothing!
A Throbbing Human Drama
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Udriy
it
SjnaOMsM, I
“Isn’t it marvelous what they can make out of odds and ends I’
the beauty queens. VIRGINIA HULSE with GORDON CRAIG (by the way Ginny, what’s happened to Putze?), JANE HALTOM with IRWIN FOSSE, and VIVIAN PETERSON with BUD HUGHEL. . TONY IPPOLITO and PAUL HUMPHREY have been seeing a lot of the sweet shop lately—sort of looks like football season is over. MARTHA HALTOM gave her Phi Gam pin back—is it really off Martha or are you just trying to see if it is the real thing? We suggest that you get it back as soon as possible or you’ll be sitting home in a regular sophomore slump in your senior year. What is this combination that we
see so ttiuch of lately TONY JUSKA and KAY SNYDER. Watch your step TONY! -f Those two funny men ate still hanging around the sweet shop. . Don’t you ever go home, CUTtiER and Thompson? There is a little cutie on the loose a, and her name is JANE OSTRANDER. She was quite a shot in high school—slipped here at Purdue, but is regaining her own now. Another SAE has been ^ing to rate this column for some time but such publicity seeking steps as you take, SOAPY SOPCAK, will bar your name from this column forever. >
with BONITA GRANVILLE JOHN LITEL • JAMES STEPHENSON * Frankie Thomas
* S
STARTS TODAY
MARS
What a Comedy Cast
They Hang Up a Record for Laughs
MMKfiTU Stalls TODAY
I
> fllii
mfcmm
Boilerinaker Pugilists To Vie For Positions
KilUl competition for the selection of the pugilists to represent the Gold hnd Black in the annual Golden Gloves Tournament, held in Lafayettei le ^che^uled for Friday at 7:30 o’clock at the Fij^ldhouse. The winners of the bouts will vie for positions on the Lafayette team that sends a squad to Chicago. mimmmm
Scheduled bouts for the evening toe Grubbs vs. Fultz at 112 pounds; lihrelfall vs. Slate, 118; Jones vs. Murphy, 126; Marson vs. Pyle, 136; Keffaber vs. Keller, and Bradley Vs. Youkey, 147; Lord vs. Diamond, Lyles Vs. Freeman, 176; and Pence vs. JockeWicz, heavyweight. Won Four Titles : The winner of the Threlfall-Slate bout will meet Franklin at 112 lbs, and the ■wiiaher of the Jbiies-Mur-fihy bout will meet Hardesty, in Lafayette, With the Winners of the above mentioned battles. The Boilermakers who have represented the University and Lafayette in Chicago are Steve Bacharach, who has been a representative for the last three years, Hardesty, within the last two years, and Dilts and Lylfes, last year.
Passports will admit students, with a 26-cent admission for adults and 10-cent admission for children
under 16 years of age.
Woodworfh Announces '39 Baseball Assistants D. G. Malcolm, VSE ’40, and J. C. Swander, PSE ’40, will be assistant baseball managers for the 1939 season according to Bob Woodworth, assistant athletic director. They will automatically become full managers in their senior year.
Fro'sh Track i..
. . . men will meet in the Fieldhouse
wil
19
5 o’clock, according to Ffeshmatt Track Coach WilkCning.
. y ^ YES, ^ We Have Them The NEW SHEAFFER FINEUNE PENCIL WHITES ONE-HALF AS HEAVY PENCIL—TWELVE LEADS—THREE ERASERS 9Sc RICHARD J. BATH, Jeweler 605 MAIN St. PHONE 6377
ielder’s... ...choice
A typical fast Purdue game last night, even though the scoring came in distinct spurts . . . excepting fouls, there yras no scoring at all for the first seven minutes of play, then Fisher crashed through and started things rolling by making the first three baskets. —^fc— The second half was just the opposite . . . the Boilermakers came in and swished ten baskets in 11 minutes and then took a rapid decline into their opening minute status and were only able to make one more basket the whole game ... if these rest periods could just be eliminated, we’d really have a high scoring ball club. —^fc—^ ' It looks as if Piggy’s charges have come into their own at last will all of the deceptive passes and accurate shooting which was displayed last night... Dickinson put on a itian-of-the-hour show by flipping in some baskets which we say are still impossible but maybe he hasn’t heard of the word yet . . . Igney had his eve trained too. , -^— Caliban played a great game for
Freshman, Varsity
Bela Theta Pi, Kappa Sigma Deadlocked For
Aquatic Teams Will Second Place; Today's Events Will Close Meet
Meet Next Tuesday
the visitors
he^/and Anderson
had a nice time at the end of the first half when it looked as if both teams would start in feudjng in earnest ... it’s a godd thing the half ended then or basketball might have ceased to be the prime item of interest ... for better or for
worse we can’t say.
Among the highlights in the annual freshman-varsity swimming meet Tuesday will be the relay races and free style competition, according to Swimming Coach Larry LaBree. Contests will also be held in breast stroke, back stroke and in fancy diving. Both the varsity and freshman squads are in excellent condition for the meet, which will be held in the Fieldhouse. The freshman team is pointing for the battle this Week, as it will be the initial test of their strength. Several members of the squad have been making good times in practice races and are expected to push the varsity swimmers considerably for aquatic supremacy. The brunt of the varsity competition will fall on Tredwell, Carr, Lahey, Mott, Krick, Tuxworth, Haver, Obenchain, and Mauck. Prof . Homer Allen Publishes Article On History Of Football An article entitled “Safety’s Forward Pass” written by Prof. Homer R. Allen, member of the University division of physical education for men, appeared in the November 1 issue of Safety Engineering. At the present time Allen is on a leave of absence from the Hniversity in order to study for his doctorate at the Center for Safety Education at New York University.
U/jL AuqqsidJL... that you spend your leisure moments profitably: • in the Browsing Room with its wide selection of popular fiction and nonfiction bdoks, • in the Music Room where ^ou may hear your favorite composers and orchestras, either symphonic or modern. • in the comfortable lounges listening to your favorite broadcasts . . . or just meeting your friends for a chat and a cigarette in ... JhsL fiWtdjUSL WsmifuaL UmofL The Comer of the Campus-— , Yet the Center of Activities I
SANTA IS WISE TO HER WISHES ... GIVE . PAJAMAS
FOR her dormitory FASHIONS IN BEMBERG"^ RAYON AND SILK
"Cheerleodor" — Rayon Crepe, Tuck-In Model.. . contraslinig pocket motif, piping and Clitching. $a.9s "Sportstor" — BEMBERG Rayon and Pure Dyo lilk latin. Overblouse model, patch pockets and contrasting piping. $5.95 "Tux"—BEMBERG Rayon and Pure Dye silk satin. Tuck-in model with tucked shirt front, stitched in contrasting colors. $3.9S COlORSt Blush, Dusty Rose,Egyptian Blue, RoyoL Burgundy and White. SIZES) 32 to iO. *Rea. U. S. Pot. Off.
5 ir$ smMurttMtJ
SPORTSTER
By Joe Dolan Going into the finals of the interfratemity swimming meet this afternoon, the Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity leads with eight points collected during yesterday afternoon’s contests in the Fieldhouse pool. Tied for second place are the Beta Theta Pi and Kappa Sigma swimmers with five polntS eaCh. 'The Sig Eps lead is attributed to the showing of Forbes in winning the 100 yard dash and Gardner hi placing third in the 100 yard breast
stroke.'
Settle Tie Today ' 'The meet was not run off without a problem, however, because after the events yesterday afternoon, it was found that Jack Winchell, of Beta Theta Pi, and Ed Rohrbaugh, Kappa Sigma, were tied for second place in the 100 yard free style race, each having been clocked in 61 sec-
onds.
Volley Ball
Volleyball league finals will be played off tonight at 4 in the Women’s Gym. Also the Pedalions vs. Alpha Chi tonight at 4.
Camp Craft'
Written camp craft examination will be given Monday at 4. Those wanting extra points are expected
to take the exam.
Mixed Badminton All interested in mixed badminton meet in Women’s Gym today at 7:30. Jane Fishleigh is in charge of the games. Four courts will be in
use.
Triton Club Triton Club began its new program for the year’s activities Tuesday. A committee will be appointed each month to direct the club’s swimming. The committee for this month is Gaby Roe, Betty Spears, Margaret Corson, and Mary Mather. Riflery Wednesday’s riflery groups. Ward 3, Kappa, and Pi Phi, will meet this evening. Also a period will be allowed for make up. Pedalion, Phi Mu, Chi O, Theta, and make ups will be this evening as usual from 6:16 to 9 p, m. ,
Intramural Notices
BASkETBAlX TodayCourt 1—^R., Igney. - 7:0O^Phi Delta Tbeta -to. Phi Sigma Kappa. 7:16-^Beta Sig^ Psi vs. Tau l^silon Phi. 8:26—Sigma Alpha Mu -ys. Alpha Chi Bho. 8 :40—^Theta Chi vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. Court 2—F. 6. Witsman. 7:00—Theta; Xi vs. Pi Kappa Phi. 7:16^Delta XJpsilon vs. Delta Chi. 8:25—Delta Tau/ Delta vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 8:4(M-KAppa Sigma vs. Phi Kappa Psi. Court 3—M. Aronson. 7:00—^Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Phi Pi Phi. 7:15—^Alpha Tau Omega -vs. Acacia. 8:26—Phi Gamma Delta -vs. Theta Pi. 8:40—Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. Court 4—F. A. Smithson. 7:00—Ward 16 vs.- Ward 13X. 7:16-;—Cary Hall 5 vs. Cary Hall 3. 8:26^PHi Kappa Tan vs. Kappa Delta Rho. 8:40—Ward 5 vs. Ward 7. SQUASH Today / Courts 1, 2 and 3. , 5:00—^Phi Pi Phi vs. Delta Upsiion. 7:00—-Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. ■ 7:45—Beta Sigma Psi -vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. 8:30—^Theta Xi vs. Phi Kappa.
GIFT SLIPPERS—style to please anyone's fancy...... HOSIERY—- the gift that is always warmly welcomed —sheer and clear..... BAGS—a gift she'd adore— they're exquisite copies of very expensive bags
$1.00
to 89c
emd $1.95^'1
t!
A
^iacat OdA.
THE POBDXIE EXPONENT
%aiujL&,
Thursday, December 15, 193|l
Bridge Tournament Will Begin Tonight The fii’st of a series of duplicate contract bridge tournaments will be played in the Union ballroom tonight at 7 o’clock. Julius T. Born, who conducted last year’s tournament, will be in charge of the contest. Ten couples have already entered, there being I’oom for 22 additional pairs. Purpose of the tournament is to acquaint players with contract bridge play before the championship round early next year. Sigma Delta Psi... tryouts will be held at 4 p. m. this afternoon in the Fieldhouse, room 304 Marv Kellei will be in charge.
Boilermakers Down(Continued from page 1) sounded the affair was rapidly turning into a tough game. With only two minutes to play'in the opening set-to. Captain Gene Anderson committed his fourth personal and left the game, the second time in two games. The box score:
p. m. Faculty, townspeople, and students are invited. Tickets cost 76c. All reservations must be sent to Prof. Baldwin by Saturday noon, December 17. —AYAStJN.
Classified Mds
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITEKS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. New portable machinee as low as $29.76. Supplies. C F. EbershoS, €06 Mam street.
TUTORING in physics, mathematics, applied mechanics during the holidays, for Chicago residents Mr Stevens, 11218 S Church. Phone Cedarcrest 6914.
PURDUE (39) Igney, f Hutt, f Fisher, f-c Loienz, f Anderson, c Swaitz, c Dickinson, g-f HersChelman, g Beretta, g Yeagei, g Totals DETROIT (27) Tegan,f Dulata, f Palencsar, f Alex, f Gedda, f Caliban, c Hoff, c O’Donnell, g Talbot, g Buchholz, g Talberg, g . Totals
B 4 0 4 0 1 1 4 2 1 0 17 B 1 0 0 0 0 4 0 1 1 3 0 10
P 1 0 3 0 4 3 0 0 1 0 12 P 1 0 0 0 1 3 0 0 0 1 0
—THURSDAY— ^ 11:00—PTA Program. 11:16—Parade of Melody. 11:30—“Home-Making DeLuxe,” Mrs. B H Petty. ^ 11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Russ Mock, pianist. 12:16—Civic Chats, Mary Wagner. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Wilma Mills, soprano. 1:00—“I Want a Job ” 1.16—Martha Whitehead, soprano 1:30^—^Prof. Frank Hall, Footnotes on the Headlines. 1 46—Market Reports 2 :00—The Apothecary 2 :16—State Safety 2 -30—You and Your Child 2 :46—Treasure Chest 3 :00—Men of Vision 3 :16—Pete Meginnis, baritone 3 .30—Magic Carpet 3 :46—Morey J. Doyle, pianist. 4 "00—America’s Hours of Destiny. 4.30—"Queiies and Cues” 4 :46—Story Book Hour
All Students Living on Rural Routes and in Lafayette: Please call for your activities charts any afternoon, except Saturday or Sunday, between 2-6:80.p. m. Bring your passports or schedule card. All charts must be called for before Wednesday, December 21. —SMITH.
Purdue Flying Club: Important meeting Thursday, December 16, at 7 p. m. in room F of the Union. Officers to be nominated and.'Bir meet results to be announced. —CHEVEDDEN.
WAA Riflery: Groups formerly scheduled to shoot on Wednesday and Thursday will shoot on Thursday, December 16. Come at usual time. Former schedule will be resumed after this week. —SMITH.
Chemistry 1 and 2 Students: Examinations for the removal of C grades will be held Saturday, January 14, from 1 to 4 p. m. Applications must be made before January 12, in room 103 of the Chemistry Laboratory Annex. Fees must be paid before examinations are taken. —MARTIN, TEST, ALLEN.
Notices
Modern Dance Groups: Practice of both advance and beginning groups every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday until Wednesday, December 21, in the Women's Gym at 4 p. m —NEWMAN.
Fraternity Bowling: Beta Sigma Psi vs. Delta Tau Delta at 7 p. m ; and Sigma Nu vs. Delta Upsilon at 9 p m., Thursday, December 16. —WILLIAMSON.
ASME Members: Meeting in the tower room of the Union at 7:80 p. m. December 16. Dean Dukes will be the principal speaker. —CLUTTER.
Marionette Club Workers: Anyone interested in working in the Marionette Club see me Tuesdajv December 19, in the Union workshop. —GRIER.
Christian Fellowship Hour: Meeting in room B of the Union Thursday, December 16, at 7:30 p. m. Reverend Ainslie will speak. All students are cordially invited. —BURBRUSTK.
Riding Club: Meeting Thursday, December 16, in room C of the Union. —SUMMERS
Cosmopolitan Club Convention Committees: Meet in room 214, University Hall, at 4 pm. every day until Saturday, December 17. All committeemen must be present —AYASUN.
Agriculture Students: There will be a meeting for all freshmen and sophomores interested in Egg and Chick Show work in the Poultry Building Thursday, December 16, at 4 p. m —HRUBY.
Cosmopolitan Convention Dinner: Dinner will be held Sunday, December 18, at 6:30
Kappa Delta Pi: Initiation Thursday, December 16, at 7 p. m in the WAA room of
SAVE on buying a car. Will sell credit on any car at local auto dealers at appreciable discount. Call 66772 after 6 p. m.
INSIST on Chamberlin’s Ice Cream, Indiana’s finest Phone 3028.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Frat pin. Phi Kappa Sigma Owner will greatly appreciate its return Reward 5425. E McQuillan
FOR SALE
FOR SALE—1937 V-8 coach Good condition $386 306 N 18th Call after 6 Phone 66943 Chapman
JOHNSTON SHOE SKATES $3.49 to $8.45 and Skis J. SPERB 822 Main
CHRISTMAS DECORATIONS Whatever your needs in Christmas decorations, we can supply you Tree lights, tinsel, wreaths, ornaments, and hundreds of others — all at lower prices, Purdue 5c & 10c Store
‘ December 18 is the LAST DAY For Appointments For Photos To Be Delivered Before Christmas Vacation. TANCO PHOTO STUDIO PHONE 6433 Above Bartlett's
Have Your HAT CLEANED by Crown BEFORE CHRISTMAS Don't take a chance with Santa, he may not bring you a new one,—^wear a clean hat on Christmas. n FINE C L E AN ERS OF FINE CLOTH *ES OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
that
C^Lndtmad
J.
o^ma\
You may be assured of receiving a fine distinctive corsage when ordering from Clark’s.
This Little Pig Went to College FLORSHEIM PIGSKIN....
Pigskin toters” won’t be confined to gridirons this fall; on every campus in the land, pigskin shoes will be heavy favorites — especially Florsheims —because they’re styled to a young man’s taste, and made to wear longer. Style shown $11.
NOTHING HAS BEEN CHANGED BUT THE PRICEI
,g75 ta9$t styles
X-RAY FITTING
A. B. C. Shoe Co.
New Location 406 Main
Phone 2001
the Women’s Gym. All members are required to be present. —HOLT.
Scabbard and Blade: New initiates return picks and shovels immediately. —ZIMMER.'
Mortar Board: Ghristmas party Tuesday, December 20, instead of Thursday as announced. For time of dinner see Georganna Huber. —WOOD.
Mixed Badminton: All interested meet in Women’s Gym Thursday, December 16, at 7:30. —FISHLEIGH.
Purdue Student Alliance: Important meeting in room 85 on the Srd ffSor of the Library at 7:80 p. m. Thursda;^) December 16. Plans for future meetings will be discussed. —DAVIS.
Modern Dance Group: Important business meeting of the advanced club only at 4 p. m. Thursday, December 16, in the Memorial Gym. —KNIGHT.
Purdue Engineer: The following Mien will please report to Rice at 4 p. bn. Thursday, December 15, in the Engineer office: Granger, Layson, Fisher, Ference, Botsford, Ely, Siefker, Kimmel, and McClintock, —SQUIRES.
Newman Club: Regular Forum meeting Thursday, December 16, at 7:80 in room 2 of the Union, —KASSER.
Alpha Phi Omega: Transportation is being arranged for a group going to Terre Haute Sunday, December 18, to install a new chapter there. Any members interested please call me as soon as possible at 6779. * —WADLEIGH.
FRUIT CAKE
A CHRISTMAS TRADITION Made from our famous old recipe with the choices^t ingredients. Always an excellent gift. Graves quality Bakery 124 State, W. L. Phone 3852
Vanity! Vanity! Alt Are Vanities Since milady demands the latest and most fascinating compacts for her makeup — FaTtFI produces them! We have a beautiful selection— American Workmanship A delight to the eye AND a comfort to the purse. BE SURE TO ASK FOR RjTR QUALITY COMPACTS. Come in and “have a look.” GERRY MOHLMAN
JEWELER AND OPTOMETRIST
434 MAIN ST.
IN SOUTHWORTH'S
LAFAYETTE
WEST LAFAYETTE
Authorized FaItH Jewelers
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
'• Jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education. H. G. REISNER
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Professional
• Locksmith
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1191/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965 '
, "C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATE SHARPENING Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
• Photography
Make your Christmas Gifts - personal. Give Portraits. Special Prices. Scobee's Rembrandt Studio 105 Vina St., W. Lafayatta, Ind.
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk Ipcksy night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
• Printing
• Shoe Repair
r%RINTING ll^FOfflea SUilonary, . ^ 1 Vaddlng Invilalloni .HONE ■ ••'"•..I-. El"-... CASSEL'S
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
'i