/i’ ii\ /’'" ' i' ^ •*', ^ '’ 'f*‘ * ' y ^ * i \ ],' '" ‘5 V ,' ’ -,' ' V I, "^ ' ’ ^ ^ '^' * i‘ ’ , ' f Y
'i
0
/ ^ "
Articles On Fashion Disclose New Trends In Women's Styles
Established 1889
Daily Since 1906
Volume 53, No. 145
West Lafayette, Indiana
PiKA/ Delta Gams Receive Awards In Debate Finals
Sleeper, Loppi Run Bud Roderick For PIA President To Offer Music
msimTOK ROyNj
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen Can't Stop Inflation By Applying Brakes On Price Level Only WASHINGTON, March 18. — Inside fact about the current quarrei over inflation and the farm bill is that sage old Bernie Baruch long warned the President, Leon flenderson and the inner circle that they could not stop inflation if they put the brake only on prices. “Price-fixing is like a four-legged chair,” Baruch warned them. “It won’t stand on two logs or even three.” There is no use regulating consumer prices, he said, unless you also regulate profits, also wages, also farm prices. If one of them gets out of hand, the others will too. Baruch, who v/as head of the War Induslrio.s Board in the last war, has been harping on this point for monlh.s. He urged Con\gres.s more than a year ago to adopt a very high excess profits tax to take away all the war profits from industry; and at the same time he urged the President to clamp down on wages as well as prices. The Piesident actually got a little irritated at Baruch’s pounding away on this theme. Today, however, chief resentment of the faim belt is not so much against Roosevelt’s uiging that farm in ices be kept down, but over the fact that labor’s income has skyrocketed while the farmei’s liasn’t. Fuitherinote, the farmer complains that be has to pay a lot more foi his label—when he can get it at all ■— but he can’t increase his faini puces proportionately. British Red Tape “'riierc’ll always 1)0 an Hngland,” buf II. S. flicis now frying (o save India are wondering why. British ollicials in India don’t want them to enfer India until .‘11 days alter they,have lak(Contimied on jiagi' I!)
Sidwell Gets Gold Participation Key As a result of the final Interfraternity Discussion Tournament meeting last night, Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity and Delta Gamma sorority, received the Reisner and Southworth cups respectively. Richard Sidwell, in addition to helping his fraternity to victory, received the gold key awarded to the individual contestant receiving the greatest number of points on the last night. Leonard Wood of Tail Kappa Epsilon, received the silver key awarded to the runner up in individual points. The cups are awarded on the basis of the total number of points accumulated by a frateinity throughout the entire contest. Sigma Alpha Mu placed second in the race for the Reisner cup. Betty West represented Della Gamma in the finals. Contest .Judges The judges for the final meeting were Prof. P. E. Lull and Lee Winch of the speech department, and Prof. Prank Hall and Winkel of the history, economics and government department. Sam Pence was chairman of the evening’s discussion. - As a result of the seiies of Intcrfiaternity Discussions the following long range program was formulated summarizing the phases of the topic “How Can We Best Implement the Good Neighbor Policy:” 1. Bettei transportation and” communication in South America; 2. Improved public education in S. A.; 8. Establishment of a common bond of culture between the U. S. and Latin America; 4. More exchange .students: .5, Economic assistance to South Amet ica for a pe1 iod of five years. Delegates To Attend Regional Convention The staff of the School of Aerortautical Engineering under the leadeiship of Pi of. K. D.'Wood will attend the Regional Coinention of the Inslilutc' of Aeionautical Sciences to be held at Notie Dame University, South Bend, Ind., this Saturday. Pi of. E. ]'\ Biuhn and F. M. Crosby, as well as a gioup of Aeronautical Engineeiing students will accompany Piol'o-.soi Wood. This will be the liist Midwest Regional Student Convention of the Institute. Bill Stout of Scaral), Skycar, and Ford Ti i-motor fame will be the dinner speaker in tlu' evening.
In Spring Election Purdue Independent Association will hold its annual spring election for executive officers and ward chairmen on Tuesday, March 31, Damon Elder, president of PIA announced today. Candidates for president are Dick Sleeper and Oscar Loppi. Nominees for other offices will be announced in the near future. There will be no active PIA organization during this summer, but the incoming board will act as a representative body of the independent students. Some social activities will be offered for independent students, however, and membership to PIA will not be required. All entertainment will be sponsored by the PIA board. The incoming board will take over active duty in the fall semester, and the usual social affairs and other aefivities will be offered during the next two semesters for the membership price of one dollar. Activity Office Sets March 26 For Elections Elections for junior and senior officers for the University Activities Bureau will take place Thursday, Mai'ch 26, according to an announeement by Jim Walley, senior executive. Petitions Due Today Petitions, whicfi are duo today, must include the following information: personal cumulative scholastic index as of Jan. 15, 1942; draft status (for men); policies which the petitioner would like to see put into effect by the Bureau; ideas for additional means by which the Bureau might help in the war offoit; and information as to whether the petitioner will be in school this summer. No Experience Needed Six juniors and two senior po.sitions in the organization are to bo filled. According to the constitution of the Bureau, any student may petition and receive consideration for election, whether he has worked on the Bureau previously or not. Bmeau workers and other interested students can get further information about the elections from Jim Walley at the Bureau office on the third floor of the Union. Petty To Talk On Auto Speeds At Automotive Engineer Discussion Prof. Petty of the Civil Engineering School will discuss high speed roads, skidding, and the advisability of lawfully governing auto speeds at a meeting of f^he Society of Automotive Engineers tonight at 7:.30 in room 363 of the Union. Everyone is invited to attend.
Six Schools Send Entrants
At Coed Dance To Compete In Discussion
Thursday, March 1942
T. Dorsey Begins Musical Career With A Trombone In Father’s Band
By Dave OcliiHree Playing tiombone in his fathei’s brass band that toured the smoky coal town.s of eastein Pennsylvania was 'fonimy Doisey’s first experience ill the musical world. During this lime Doi'sey, who was taught by his father, learned how lo play every instrument m Ihe bi'ass seclion. fn 1924 he made Ihe iump to jiopular dance music and joined Joan doldkette’s band in Detroit. This engagement led to his marriage to a Detioit gill at the age of 18. A yoai liiler he was engaged to ]ilay with (iie Ualifoinia Ramblers, and following tliis he played .successfully engagements with Roger Wolfe Kahn, Vincent Lopez and Paul Wliiteman. Dorsey Brothers Band After Paul Whiteman, ’Pommy and his older brother Jimmy, consolidated their talents and formed ‘their own band. ’Phis jiroved to be a hiiccesH and soon they vveie signed lo play in New York’s Glen Island Uasitio. ’Phis partnership did not last long though, foi tile two brothers decided to separati' and Jiuiniy went
West with his band, leaving Tommy in the' East to J'orni another band. 'Phis new band, which was formed just thiee yeais ago, made its first appi'aiaiice at tlie French Casino on Btoadway. It was at this engagement that 'Pommy and his oichestra began to build uji their reputation by broadcast nig twice weekly over the CBS chain. 'Poured Cainpuses Soon al^tei the band went on tour tlnoLigliout the East and South. Dining this time he jilayed at the University of Pennsylvania, Coinell, ITarvaid, Yale, Dartmouth and many other universities. Uiion returning to New York in the fall he made the recording of “Maiie” which soon became the biggest alltime Victor recoid seller. In Ihe same week that “Marie” was recojdod 'Pommy’s arrangers conceived the idea of swinging Rimsky Korsakoff’s “Song of India.” 'Phis was labelled as sacreligious by many of the country’s concert aitisls, but soon w'as recorded and liecanie the other half of the record that set the all-time high in recoid sales.
The following summer he again took his hand oi^ a tour which this time led to his first big- radio contiact. 'Phis was with the two-night-a-week Ford program over CBS. Alter two months Dorsey went Noith again and oiiened at the Commodore Hotel, New Yoik. Since that time he has made seveial nationwide tours, set an all time attendance record at the Paramount 'Pheatie, New York, and enjoyed a record breaking engagement at the Hotel Astor Roof in New York. Now on another nation-wide tour, Dorsey will bring his band to the campus next Monday to play at the Student War Council sponsored convocation from 7:30 to 9:30 in the Music Hall and at the mixer in both ballrooms of the Union from 9:30 lo 11:30. Admission to the convocation may he obtained by presentation of passports or season tickets, accompanied with fifty cents worth of defense stamps. No single admis.sion tickets will be on sale for tin- jirogram. Iffie regular mixer |irice of $1.10 per couple plus fifty cents in defense stamps will prevail.
Bud Roderick ancl his orchesti’a, from the University of Illinois, will offer “Music Styled for You” at the Gold Peppers and Mortar Board cabaret dance in both ballrooms of the Union tomorrow night from 8:30 to 11:30 p. m.' Each day of this week is a veritable Sadie Hawkins Field Day permitting each coed to follow her heart’s desire (or slightest whim) in choosing her dancing partner. To make it all official and legal, “draft” blanks have bpen prepai’ed which demand to know all necessary and juicy tidbits of information about the draftee. Reception For Pledges Pledges to Gold Peppers will be announced during the course of the dance. Personality, scholarship and leadership in activities are qualities considered in choosing the pledges. A reception for the new pledges, actives and faculty-activity advisors will be held in the Old Chestnut room following announcement of the
pledges.
'rickets for this informal dance may be purchased from members of the various sororities, halls, and independent houses. Tickets at .$1.10 per couple, arc now on sale at the West Desk of the Union and will be placed on sale outside ihe Sweet Shop today and tomorrow. Bridge Teams To Hold Final Contest In Union Tournament Saturday Final round games of the Unionsponsored biidge tournament will be played this Saturday afternoon at 1 p. m. in loom 363 of the Union. Fourteen teams will compote for the four cups which will be awarded to the winners. Eligible 'feams 'fhe following teams will be eligible: Kirsch and Johnson, Anderson and Evans, Shimer and Worsley, Rumble and Dake, Gillette and Laddon, Gardner and Losson, Southmayd and Melzer, Zimmerman and Coombs, Pecsok and Kintner, Pyle and Wasson, Moeller and Pashley, Moran and Nielson, Roth and Evans and Sterns and Wentworth. If one man of a team cannot play at the final session, his partner may secure a substitute. All ^uch substitutions should be reported to the tournament director. In case both members of a team are unable to play, they will bo disqualified. 'Stage Stump Studio' To Sponsor Banquet April 2 In Jones Hall Combining a general social gettogether with a program devoted to the recognition of the achievements of students in radio work at WBAA, theatrical activities in the Playshop, and in forensics, the annual “Stage-Stuinp-Studio” banquet, sponsored by the University’s speech department, has been scbeduled for Thursday, Apiil 2, in Cynthia Jones Hall on the West Side. An attendance of 150 persons is expeefed at the l)an<|uet, which is held jointly each yeai by these thiee activities, 'fhe “S-S-S” banquet will be devoted to etiLei tainmeiit and recognition, keys and citations being awarded for the past year’s work in these speech activities. Committees Named Committees have been appointed by Jo Stong, general banquet chairman for the production of the “S-S-S’’ banquet and final arrangements are being made. Committee''heads arc: Chi is Schenkel,~W-B'XA, publicity chairman; Larry Myers, WBAA, lirogram chairman; Becky Ann Pervine, WBAA, business director; Janct»Morohou.se, forensics, dinner arrangements; and George Zissus, Playshop, in charge of tickets. Wesley Foundation . . . will hold tryouts for the cast of a one act play entitled, “Banting, Discoverer of Insulin,” tonight at 7:30 p. m. 'fhe play will be given over WBAA Mai ch 23, and is'directed by Stanley Watts.
Sunday Afternoon's Music Hall Concert To Feature Soloists This week’s Sunday afternoon concert program, in the Music Hall, will feature members of University musical organizations who have acted as soloists during the year. The program will be in six parts. Marvin Smith, leading vocalist of the Men’s Glee Club, Concert Choir, and the large University Choir, will open the program by singing “Ah, Moon of My Delight,” “When I Have Sung My Song,” and “The Hills ofi Home.” Arthur Jacklin of West Lafayette will follow with the piano selections, “Minute Waltz,” “Minstrels” and “The Great Gate of Kiev.” Other Vocali.sl.s 'fwo other vocalists, Alberta Sehmadel, soprano with the Concert Choir, and William Kennedy, freshman engineer who sings baritone with the Men’s Glee Club and the Concei t Choir, will appear third and fourth on the program. Sehmadel will sing “Danny Boy,” “Thine Alone” and “Maids of Cadiz,” while Kenndey’s selections are “T h e Twenty-Third Psalm,” “Boots” and “The Green Dragon.” Marimba Trio A marimba trio consisting of Barbara Heide, Betty Marriott, and Doris Hamilton, will play “Tales from Vienna Woods.” Concluding the progiam, the Glee Club quartet composed of Marvin Smith, Ray Friend, Jim Chase and Joe Richards, will sing “Soldiers of Fortune,” “Winter Song,” “I’ve Been Workin’ on the Railroad” and “My Bonnie.” The program is sponsored by the Student War Council. There will be no admission charge and the general public is invited to attend. University Students Win 12 First Prizes At Florists' Contest First honors again came to the University last Saturday when Professor E. R. Honeywell’s floriculture students defeated Illinois and Missouri in a triple meet at the Greater St. Louis Flower Show. In 12 out of 15 classes the University students won first place for a total of 91 points, with Illinois and Missouri scoring 36 and eight points ,respectively. Collegiate, potted plant growers compete annually with plants personally cared for. Last year’s team lost by a low margin. High scorer of this year’s meet was Peter Roemer. University student fiom New York City, who garnered 21 points. The University team completely swept the field in ferns and margureites and placed first in geraniums, foliage bedding plants, fuchias, petunias, begonias, schizanthus, flowering bedding plants, Easter lilies, hydrangeas and mixed flowering plants. Other winners besides Roomer were Erwin Brooks with 17 points; William Schallhorn with 14 points; Maxine Runkle with 12 points; Grafton Longdon with 11 points; Robert Skiiin with 7 points; Ernest Nordlinger with 6 points; and Bob Brewster with 3 points. Those men deservedly win one dollar for each jioint scored in competition.
Intercollegiate Round Table Contest Opens In Union Today Representatives from six schools will gather at noon today in the Union Building to register for the district National Extempore Discussion Contest on Inter-American affairs. General subject for the contest is “How can we best implement the good neighbor policy”—that is, best promote cooperation and friendship among the Pan-American nations. After registration the entries will begin round table discussions in rooms 303, 304, 305, and 307 of the Union, lasting until 2:45 when there will be a short recess. Beginning again at 3, the contestants will make individual speeches. From 4:30 — ——— to 5, one person from each
Movies To Feature India, Pluto, Marine Forces Today At 3
school will appear in a group discussion which will be broadcast from the Music Hall over WBAA. At 7:30 the Extem-pore-Discussion Forum will be-
gin in Eliza Fowler Hall. Hemispheric Affairs
„ „ .. , , The contest, which is being Screen Review, the regular Thur.s- u , , . • . , . . , ^ ■ u 4. held to interest university stu-
day atternoon series of movie short , •
presentations, will continue the uOnts and inform the public showing of its second semester ^ibout hemispheric affairs, is sponscries this afternoon from 3 until 6 sored by the Office of the Coordinain the Music Hall. ^or of Inter-American Affairs, The program for today will in- through the National Public Discusdude: “Unusual Occupations” at Committee, Inc. Prof. P. E. 3:00, 4:15 and 5:30; “Pluto’s Dream Lull, director of forensic activities. House” a Disney cartoon, at 3:10, ^as been appointed district raanag4:25 and 5:40; “News of the Day” at er of the nation-wide contest. 3:17 and 4:32; “Nature’s Nursery” The contest is open to any fall for the Paragraphics series, at 3:26 time undergraduate students in any and 4:40; “Diving Demons” at 3:35 of the competing schools. Six and 4:50; “Delhi,” a continuation of schools are entered in this discusthe Fascinating Journeys series sion, these being Ball State Teachfilmed in India, at 3:45 and 6:00; and ers College with 3 representatives; “March on Marines,” a tedinicolor Manchester College with 6; Notre special, at 3:55 and 5:10. Dame with 6; St. Francis College Passports are absolutely neces- with 3; Tri-State College with 3; sary for admission to the perform- and this University with 8.
ance, for the Gimlets, Reamei's, and University’s Entries
Sjtucient Union workers at the doors will admit no one without this
means of identification.
' Science Forum
To Meet Tonight At 7 In Room 304 Of Union
The University’s entries afe Alrmando Schelel, Jorge Roach, Jane Ostrander, Shirley Canning, Ken Buxton, William Peters and the two winners of the. All Campus Discussion Contest which ended last night. The group has been coached by B. M. Horn of the Speech staff. For this contest the nation has been divided into six geographical ai'eas in order to facilitate the pro-
Dean Fernandas Payne, head of gress of the discussion. The headthe zoology department and dean of quarters of this geographical area the Graduate School of Indiana Uni- is in Madison, Wis. where winners versity, ancl Dr. W. R. Breneman, of today’s discussion will meet at also of the zoology department of a later date. Winners of the six geoIndiana University, will be the graphical areas will participate i» speakers at the Animal Science the national discussion contest and Forum to be held in room 304 of the will be conducted on a tour of South Union tonight at 7 p. m. America during the summer of 19^. The discussions will deal with en- Judges for the conference will he docrine physiology, and those staff Ernest Wrage, Clarence Peters, and members and graduate students who Max Puller—all from the North-
arc interested are invited to attend, western The dinner will be served at 6 p. m. Speech, and will be bold in the Old Chest-
nut Room.
Those desiring reservations should phone the office of Dr. J. Holmes Martin, head of the poultry
University School of
Chems and Mets
All junior Chemical and Metal-
department. Dr. Martin is serving as lurgical engineers are requested to' chairman of the program committee, attend an important employment Talks will be given at 7 p. m. in the meeting in room 302 of the Chem.
Old Chestnut Room, and those persons not attending the dinner will be welcome.
and Met. p.in.
Building, tomorrow at 4 —BRAV
/. Clark Will Play Leading Role In ‘77fc Male AnimaV
Activities Party student Union will hold a Tea Dance for all Union Building activity workers this afternoon from 4 to 5:30 in the North Ballroom of the Union.
Dr. Hass Receives Post From Chemical Society Dr. Henry B. Hass, head of Chemistry Department, has been pamod on the jury of award for the Willard Gibbs medal, given each year for outstanding word in chemistry. Dr. Hass was elected to the board by the Chicago Section of the American Chemical Society, and will hold the office for throe years.
By Dave Wendell John Clark will have the leadingrole in Playsho))’s next production, James 'rhurbor’s and Elliott Nugent’s riotous comedy “The Male Animal,” it was announced yesterday by Bill Deam, director for the play. Clark, who last appeared with Playshop in “Petrified Forest,” will take the part of Tommy Turner, progressive young professor of Midwestern University. Female Lead Barbara Nord, who worked lust in “Three Men On a Horse,” will take the other leading role in the comedy. She will portray the part of Turner’s wife, Ellen. Cleota, negro maid, will be played by Ruth Dray, who took part in Plays hop’s “Petrified Forest,” and Ed Keller, president of the board of trustees, will be played by .Harold Warren. Keller’s wife. Myrtle, will be portrayed by Betty Wedge, who has worked in “College Widow.” Ann Ostiunder, who last appeared
in “Batchelor Born,” Will take khe part of Keller’s sister, Patricia Stanley. An English professor and his wife, Doan and Mrs. Damon, willh® played by Vernon Rising and Mait.gaiet Slate, who have been cast. in. "RUR” and “'rhis Thing Called Love” respectively. Football Hero The football hero of Midwestern, Wally Meyers, will be played by a. newcomer in Playshop productions* Dale Duffin. Ernest Nordlinger, who was featured in “RUR,” will take the part of ihe fiery editor Michael Barnes. Other characters in the comedy are Joe Ferguson, played by QBl Simpson; “Nutsy Miller,” by JoH Batchelder, and a newspaper er, by Norman Ostroff, who played in “College Widow.” Jo Stong will be the assistant director and Merle Keek will he, iOi charge of the scenery foi" th^ edy which will be presented. A]^ 12-15,,
■i '12' Purdue Exponent
WHurisHdy^fMiar^^l 9^-1^9^:-
JL/el% Gst Behind MacArthur ...
•-i.‘
"'^veit* since the first Japanese attacks on the Jltilippines, the name of MacArthur has been embiaeoned on the front pag‘e of nearly every newspaper in the country daily. The volume of national praise grew with the courageous and amazing stand of the outnumbered American forces on Bataan Peninsula. With the appointment of General MacArthur to the key position in Allied Far - Eastern resistance, comes recognition of his being placed on the throne bearing the tag reading, “No. I Amer-^ ican War Hero.” There is even a “populai-” song written about him which, although it is an extremely repulsive composition .and in the poorest possible taste, is an indication of his popularity and prominence. Both newspapers and the public are acclaiming joyfully General MacArthur’s appearance in Australia holding the Far East-ern-reins, and ai'e looking forward to a turning of a very discouraging tide. General MacArthur has shown himself to be an outstanding strategist and a man of foresight—-both characteristics which would have been of considerable value to-other Al-
lied leaders ' who have managed to make a pretty general mess of resistance to Axis aggression in the past. However, it would , be well for the American people to remember that it is a long time between miracles in these days. No man, regardless of his ability as a leader of men and a master of military tactics, can win many battles against overwhelming numbers of better trained and better equipped enemies. If MacArthur and his men, who are: preparing to fight to the last ditch to maintain an Allied foothold in the Eastern Pacificare to be ultimately successful in stemming the yellow tide that this winter has closed over the Philippines, Malaya, Hongkong, Singapore, Burma, Java, Borneo and other parts of the East Indies and now threatens Australia and India, the American people must redouble their efforts in every phase of war industry. Supply lanes halfway .around the world must be kept open by a bigger, tougher navy, and through those lanes must travel transport after transport bearing men, guns, food and other war supplies necessary to a successful campaign on foreign soil. r.l.h.
University Caleifi^^ Thursday, March 19
9:00 A.M,1:80 P.M.3:00 P.M.4:30 P.M.,6:00 P.M.6:30 P.M.7:00 P.M.7:30 P.M..7:30 P.M.7:30 P.M.-
-Red Gi'0.s.s—First Aid -National Discussion- Conte.st
-Scveeri Review -Faculty Bowling League -Anilnal Science Seminar
-P.O.M.M. Banquet , -Animal Science Foruni -Stitch and Sew, Graduate Dames -P. I. A. Chorus -Christian Student Fellowship.
■ Room 304, Union ..Rooms 303^ 304, 305, 307, TTmon .Hall of Music .Room 263, Union ..Old Chestnut Room, Union ..East Faculty Lge., Union ..Room 304, Union ..Room.263, Union ..Tower-, Union ..Room 307, Union .
Shown In Silk Prints Sparkling notes in the newest spring collections of prints are in favor of the ^ good neighbor polidy and inspired by the land of , flower's, tropic nights and love. We can find excitement in the .silhouettes, arid music fairly sings in the color combinations. ■ Catching the fashion spotlight for the prints, we find big splashy native blossoms blooming like mad
on ..fabrics niade tfpr lasting wear. '; Color Influence - w ;/ Some of this enchantment from. Latin and South America has brought to'u« a chfeel'ful outlook bn; colors. We’vo borrowed Peruyian'' pink and coiribined it with purplO;, chili-pepper red combiried with the flag blues and a tcluch of white givo. us a good chance to display, our colors. i’C
Press And Radio Aid Awareness
On all sides we hear complaints that the American people .still don’t know what’s going on. They are accu.sed of blindness to the seriousness of our war situation, and a deplorable lack of concern over their own fate. Strong invectives have been hurled at a com^placent people by their more alert and justly alarmed countrymen, but few if any have been the suggestions offered to correct the evil. . Months ago the administration recognized the natural hesitancy of we Americans to adapt ourselves to the alarming circumstances and has employed various and devious means of propaganda and defense stamp campaigns to. create the needed awareness. But private concerns and individuals have been content to leave all such propagandizing to’ the government^ even while they continue to clamor for more alertness. The people have refused to. suggest altei’native and supplementary means for the “great awakening.”
We have no absolute cure-alls to offer foy, the solution of the problem, but we do strongly emphasize that one very easy and important source of vvar consciousness could, come from .a diligent pursual of the daily newspapers, and weekly news magazines, and attention to radio’s hourly newscasts. Of course many wide-awake Americans already realize the importance of the press and radio as stimulants to “awareness” and have joined the crusade. Besides the glaring front page headlines and spot news stories from the war fronts, most newspapers devote numerous column inches daily to feature articles enlarging and amplifying the current and recent war news. Editorials discuss the dangers and problems faced by the governments at home and their armies on the battle lines. The vast radio networks supply us with up-to-the-min-ute news and prominent news analysists. Americans who have cqme to accept these helpful agents are fast realizing the direness of our peril. But they are yet too few. f.i.j.
Letter to Editor America moves ahead, on land and sea and in the air. Colossal blunders and tragic defeats bludgeon us to greater efforts. Victory depends on the whole peoi>le. America glows arigry and defiant. The die is cast. Our transports have sailed east and west, north and south. There is no turning back. Great Britain, staggering with defeats, passes us the ball. Can we fail civilization and free people throughout the world? The destiny of all is in our hands. America must win the war, and win the peace. Beware Of Folk.s Who Whisper Beware of those folks, who in our hours of discouragement and fear, will whisper of ways to end world suffering and bring back peace to all. They will whisper “We must save America, first,” “It’s not our fight,” and “Americans for the Americas.” Stick with our leadership, in .spite of their mistakes, for we have no other choice. The long planned, brilliantly executed attack of the Japanese quickly changed the history of our entire world. “Gur confusing friends,” were shocked into making patriotic declarations. “Ah! The Japanese War Lord.s Committing Haia-kiri.” Appeasement groups lo.so j,:round and national pride sweeps throughout our country. We join hand.s, and look each other in the eyes and say, “Sure we’ll all see the whole thiuK through. Tell us what to do.” Bond sales boom. At last America .seems awakening. Election.s Next Year , Elections in the United States this year bring real and terrible dangers to the whole world. It is characteristic of our people to hold fiei'y debates and indulge in the usual slanderous talk. This yeai- pre.sents a
special problem to be watched by every loyal Americari citizen. Under the guise of political debate our crafty Pro-Axis groups will have their biggest and best chance to launch a powerful peace offensive. Confusion is bound to follow this peace offensive. Our war effort will be impededand the sale of bonds will slacken. Our busy people will be unable to come to logical conclusions. Some unscrupulous politicians will give lip-service. AH loyal candidates, speakers, newspapers, radio stations and other active agencies of both pai-ties must disclaim and deny any part in this dastardly plan. The American public must stand .guard during this period of free-talking and political debate. The saving of lives at the front is more important than saving of political offices at home. Campaign Of Lies Even now the campaign of lies and loose talk descends on America like a plague of deadly locust. Dishonorable and confusing statements are heard on every side. “Bring Home Our Fleet,” “Compromise with Hitler,” “Abandon England,” “Buy off Japan,” “Get Eleanore,” “Save America First,” “We Can’t win with Roo.sevclt,” “Discredit the Engli.sh and Damn Churchill.” Combat this “psychological blitz-krieg” now, by wfu’king' constructively for victory. Meanwhile the Axis hordes pile up pie.stige with new impressive vietoi ies. Out of the political fog upon our land the newest plan unfolds, “A New Order for America.” Not a New Deal, for we have had that long enough. Not a hated Roosevelt, no douhle-ci ossing Willkie, not a colorle.ss Landon, no decadent Hoover. A real New Order for America, with strong new leadership is what they say. “We’ll get the Communists out
PINE BAR GRILL Parties — Our Speicalty 200 Columbia
M.
E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 56214
PwtdwL ^xpomnL All-American I940-'41
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana,_ under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided, for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subscriptions, $4.00.
Rditor-in-Chief.. NewB Editor Sport# Editor..
;....Ned A. Ochiltree Business Manager Don 8. Powers John L. Traugott Managing Editor .Leland W. RuUncr ..Phil Johnson Coed Editor ..Buth Rose
Publication Staff Associate Editors Editorial Staff: J. F. Amos, J. H. Armstrong, D, T. Brophy, B. L. Hadley, F. I. Jones, E. G. Kieper. Sports Staff: O. T. Clarl:, J. D. Fraser. J. S. Keeler, Coed Staff; Mary K. Boynton, Alice Cbatfield, Jane Kantsdell.
Business Staff Coed Business Manager: Donna Siess ; Office Manoger; Lee liossonK,' . ^ Local Advertiaing Managers; K. K. Gjamtp, B. E. Saxton *, Circulation Manager; W. T. Bell; Accounts Manager: W. D. Millard, Junior Coed Managers: Jean Frankenberry, Frances Lloyd. Julia Martin. '
PJiffiMs; Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377
Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service. Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y,
Staff For This Issue Bay Editor: Slone Uejiorters: f'arHons, iioswiiiklo, ColVin{<, SohiU’idcr, Ma Sports Editor: Kurpick lindtll, Ocbiltri'i', Vermillion, HoIVnian, Brewer.
Night Editor: Eckstein Issue Editor: Guernsey
Romahec! . . . Youlh! ,. . Adventure! . .. THE SCREEN'S MOST THRILLING star . . . SINGING SCHUBERT'S IMMORTAL MELODIES!
ILLONA MASSEY IN new Wide with Alan CURTIS • Binnie BARNES • Bjlly GILBERT MARS-Mt
STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
ONE MAN ALONE DEriEl..AND DEfEATSsssOANGLANO^S BLAZING GUNS!
TObAY THRU SAT. THREE MESQUITEERS "SADDL^ATES'* ;_Li>and —^ JUDITH ANDERSOH “LADY SCARFACE" aLJQ —--
KING Of THE TEXAS RANGERS, - or ' 'LAtEST NEWS
,SfRI4t.
■(
i
of Wa.shington.” No, it’s not a .sellout to Hitler, just a compromi.se. How can you compromise with “Murder Incorporated?” A new motto will be “Whip the Dirty Japs, Stop Hitler and Watch Communist Russia.” Note the placing of the emphasis. Thumbs down on this Axis Peace Offensive, and thumbs down on a New Order for America. A New Order in Europe and A.sia means an Axis victory and’that means we lose, and we cannot have that. Don’t be a stooge!! America Must Suffer America and all the world must suffer much before peace returns again. Thinking born of suft'en-ing and trials will not be soft and flabby as our reasoning of yesterday. Ri.!>ht must triumph over might. New heroes will rise froui factory, farm, and home. The honest humble people will be heard again in the highest places throughout the world. This will be a changed America—perhaps a saved America, for old forgotten value.s will become again important. America must win the war and win the peace. Signed, Dr. Harold J. Risk. P.\TKONr/E EXPONENT ADVERTISERS!
"SHAW-FIRE" FUN! Major Barbara, a girl who couldn't be bothered with love . . . but how love bothered her . . . all the wizardy . . . wisdom and wit of George Bernard Shaw, the master of modern story telling!
TODAY
FRI.
SAT.
—- FRI. - SATv r-r 2; FIRST RUN HITS mms MiebHssf Adventur*
liuRICmOND MAORIANiS
HEART iJf file : RIO GkAlilr'
Southworth’s
m FULL SWSMG!
WE MEAN THE 37th ANNIVERSARY SALE NOW GOING ONDriving on toward our goal—a real bargain sale—we have sold thousands of items at from a third to a half of their value. Have YOU looked over our stock? LAST DAY OF SALE - SATURDAY, MARCH 21ST '1
mmi BOOK ^ SUPPLY STORE
308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE INQ
Southworth’s 0
0¥
■J ' “ ‘w . ^ »
"A
rr; v,i
O
!>
^uraddy, March 19, 1942
Purdue Exponent
fngip JT
mtmimmh
JfAc. U^a&hmqJtojn^ MERRY-GO-ROUND 1 . By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
(Cofttinuod from page 1) en ycllo<f fever shots. Uy that tinie the Japanese, who don’t have to observe, the 31 day rule, may obviafe tlic need of U. S. fliers toitig|t<>..Ihdia at all. fe»Rit»l Chaff To ruittofs that Ambassador John Winafit’wilf take Miss Perkins’ plaOO as ’/Secretary of JLiabor, he sayS: “Why have all the headaches of a cabinet job?” He indicates that the job of being Ambassador to Great Britain is much more interesting. However, rumors persist that Winant'will remain in Washington and that Secretary of War Stimson will replace him in London . . . The blunt report on disastrous losses at Java is interpreted by some as paving the way for Prank Knox’s exit as Secretary of
the Navy . . . Miss Marguerite LeHand, long-time secretary to the President, is back in the White House after eight months illness,, pait of the time at Warm Springs. If the people around Roosevelt break down, imagine what kind of a constitution he has . . . Sumner Welles used to telephone the President from Rio de Janeiro at around midnight. That meant 2 a.m. Washington time. The President was still working. Housing Difficulties Congressional investigators probing into defense housing conditions the other day ran across some interesting data regarding Charles F. Palmer, ex-coordinator of Defense Housing. They discovered that in 1936, Palmer had almost been asked to re-
sign from a local housing project "in Atlanta, Georgia, because he split' ai'chitects’ and real estate commissions of $00,000. Palmer was not then employed by the Government, and the split commissions were to compensate him for work he had done in promoting a low cost housing project, later completed by the Public Works Administration. However, the PWA\Division of Investigation, after probing the matter, “recommended that the Housing Division exercise caution to see that split commissions do not prevail on any housing project in the future.” Also, A. R. Clas, Director of PWA housing, reported as follows regarding Palmer: “The report does not disclose any dishonesty on. Mr. Palmci’s part . . . but it has cast a doubt in my mind of Mr. Palmer’s unselfish interest in the projects, and thus I am not sure of his motives m urging local contiol of the management.” “I have felt for some time that the Committee (in Atlanta) as a result of Mr. Palmer’s activities has been making no effort to reconcile
thg difficulties between the city and the government, but rather using the objections as a club to induce the government to turn over such profits to it... I do not believe it is desirable to ask for Mr. Palmer’s resignation at this time, although I feel the committee would function better without him.” Most significant fact is that despite this, the reorganized Public Works Administration actually promoted Palmer to the vitally important job of Defense Housing Coordinator where he has served until recently. Finally, however, he was cased out of the housing picture by a trip to inspect housing in England. U.S. Ambassador To Russia Friends are picdicting that Admiral William H. Standley will do an outstanding job as U. S. Ambassador to Russia, but he still can’t believe it’s true that he is going there. “Russia is about the last place I figured the President would send me,” he confides to friends, “because of something that happened back in 1934.” Standley was then Chief of Naval Operations and caused a storm of isolationist protests by
ordering fleet maneuvers in the far Pacific. Letters poured in on Congress and the Navy Department, charging that the maneuvers would be an ‘affront” to Russia and Japan. “A number of the letters lambasted me as an anti-Rufssian,” Standley recalls, “and there was so much agitation that I finally withdrew the order. However, it seemed logical to me to hold maneuvers and work out tactical problems in waters in which we might have to fight some day.” How right his judgment was has been amply proved by recent events. Also, if there were any lingering doubts about Standlcy’s friendship for Russia, they were dispelled last year when he went there as a membci of the U. S. lend-lease mission. “A week after we arrived,” Standley relates, “and while a lot of people were selling Russia short, I predicted that its army would not quit fighting and would eventually lick the Nazis. I’m prouder of that prediction than any I ever made.” Merry-Go-Round Inside word is that by fall men’s clothing will be up 20 to 30 per cent over current prices ... It will take more than one billion pounds of food to feed the U. S. Navy this year. Like the U. S. Army, the Navy is the best fed in the world . . . Plans are under way to increase iron ore production this year to 88,000,000 tons. This is ten per cent more than in 1940, which was the second highest production period in U. S. histoiy . . . A postcard fiom a midWestern town addressed to “George Washington, Washington, D. C.,” inquiring about the color of the First President’s hair was forwarded by postal officials to Representative Sol Bloom of N. Y., leading Washington authority in the Capital. (Copyright, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.) Alpha Phi Omega . . . national seivice fraternity, announces the election of the following officers in its Alpha Gamma chaijtcr: Dean Wilbur, Elkhait, president; John Eichcr, Dayton, 0., vice-president in charge of pledging; Paul Eckler, Elyria, 0., vicepresident in charge of activities; Bert Kuck, Cincinnati, 0., ti easuicr; and Oakley Gordon, Shelbyville, secretary. PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Spring Headliners Feature Flattering, Unusual Hal Styles
With our new parade of spring hats, fellows will not shrink away in fright—or disgu.st but will stop to look twice with pleasure. This year’s styles offer some headliners worth consideration. One of the gayest spring foierunners is a black and white striped taffeta cieation. The stripes run every which way in dizzy sequences, and a narrow black velvet ribbon adds to its dazzlement. Straw, as usual, will be very popular. The ever popular .^ilor will be particulaily in vogue this spring in recognition of our sailor boys. Particularly dear to the frank forties is a black stiaw, bowed in grosgrain with fluting on the brim and a veil. Hats and Flowers Hats and flowers will be co-part-neis in adorning the ladies heads. A calotte made of a sweet little nonsense of gay young heads wnipped up in violets and a topknot of filmy veiling is nice perched on top of a newly fashioned coiffure. Picture hats—plucked from an old calendar and translated to shiny navy straw with a crocheted white crown on which you pin a cluster of gladioli adds color to the Easter Parade. The beret is again achieving recognition. One particularly good version is a new and nifty pancake of navy'felt held on the pompadoured noodle by a chenille dotted veil tied in a great bow under the chin. If you would like to look chic, a visor made of pale-blue straw topped with blue roses and fragile feather butterflies is the thing. Pillboxes are very becoming. A populai favorite is one made of a band
In the Easter Parade there is tm better way of whispering sweei nothings iiito your sweetheart’s ear^ f> than by “saying it with flowers’*,'^ Spring blossoms arc lovely, and fresh flowers to wear to church Easter morning can insure your status with the certain one for weeks to come. Mothers always appreciate such a gesture, which externalizes your' thoughtfulness. Tiny rosebuds and forget-me-nots make a dainty corsage for light dresses or coats. Pastel sweet peas or blue flowers are lovely with dark sheer dresses or with the lovely new beige suits, respectively. One large fragrant caiia lily with its dark green leaves would contrast beautifully with a dark suit. For light hearted gayness a perky yellow jon-’ quil would fairly sing for joy perched on my lady’s shoulder. For a sweet little nosegay we sug» gest perky little violets circled by a ling of ivy leaves. A cluster of gladioli might be very becomingly woi n on a new spring bonnet. Perhaps the Easter bunny would leave an old fashioned nosegay of flowers as seen in grandmother’s garden.i Camelias in either delicate or pink or white would delight any young
lady.
Young ladies like to have corsages of originality. Confide in your florist or even take a lesson from nature’s garden and you can’t fail to please. of heavy silk cord crocheted in a band that’s looped around the head, crossed in back and edged in a shower of streamers. With these hats you can i-eally be a living picture to make any man happy to be your escort in the spring parade.
Reefer, Box, Military, Swagger Coats Swish In Spring Parade
Everything for a College Ediiculion DEAC’S
^'lllllllllllllllllllllllilillllllllllllllilllllllllillllllllllllli!^ I Dr. A. M. Irion | I — DENTIST — I S 119 Vi Northwestern Avo. g = Phone 4965 =
If you want to lead the Easier Parade this spring, by all means step out that blight morning in a new coat. The wise and kindly designers have made possible a large choice of styles, and materials. Because of the shortage of wool, however, a gieat number of the coats this year ivill be half wool and half rayon, a gleaming, soft combination. Go military witli a light wool coat of navy blue. Tiimlj fitted and practical, with novelty eagle buttons, this coat IS destined to be an Easter success. Or, perhaps you would prefer a ivool Shetland tweed reefer with dashing peplum pocket flaps. Stiaight cut swagger coats continue to be fashion-firsts. Matchless hand tailoring is essential. You can have tweed, pastel plaid, or soft monotone wools. New softness of outline is shown in the casual belted coat, ample in cut, dareful in
detail. Wide sloping armholes and full sleeves are the latest. Good also is the welted shoulder yoke, and fullness freed from shoulder darts. Saddle stitching on a new single button reefer with shirred shouldcts detail and smartly fitted back Will strike your fancy. Checks are also new this yeai. Try a box coat of clear hounds-tooth check—the sportsman’s favorite through the ages. A lightweight, smartly tailored coat will come in handy on these crisp spring days. With the large selection offered, you’re sure to find exactly the right style to suit you.
GREETING CAROS FOR ALL OCCASIONS University Book Store
Acrosn It 'Red** bammons *29
Union “Doc** Ep^lo *40
SPURTS SUCCESSES
Sports clothes are g’oing’ to be in the front line of the fashion parade. They’ll last longer and can be worn for numerous occasions. Soft skirts and slacks—^ smart sweaters and blouses— and Smooth tailored slacks for work or leisure. It’s fun to mix or match your own costumes.
Slacks Slack Suits Sweaters Skirts Blouses
$1.95,37.95 $5.95, $10.95 $1.95, $3.95 $2.95, $7.95 $1.95, $3.95
COATS and SUITSi
s);%i|>#'.’-v •>*?' rmi<h, -4^-‘
$ p
'^\%'i t,
'Pm'
Purdue Exponent
Thursday, March 19, 1942
i^le SI«tM-Our Duly 1$ To Look Like Good Ndws
^00/ Shortage Affects Men's Unusual Smartness ^^^pUpMorale f^ggj Combinations Johnnie Marches Home To Find Fashions For The War Duration Appears In latest Looking Fit |j, jjj|j yV'omen Strutting Military Togs
^nd
Spring top coats, jackets,
sport coats will give any man’s wardrobe a new, smooth, welldressed appearance. The trend in men’s coats seems to be in the direction of built out shoulders, large pockets, and straight lines. Fly openings, leather covered buttons, and attractive linings arc still head-
liners.
Colored Sport Coats
The sportj' suit coats are one of this spring in the new smart the few ways fellows have of wear- selections of wools. Suits take on
ing various colors.
Wool Suits Achieve
Spring is hero. The Easter parade is beginning to take form.
About the time the little twink- When Johnnie comes marching home on leave, he’ll find that hnj? stars of spring appear and the the olothes the women in his life are wearing have received
Added Significance As Uncle's Helpers
What have you done to contribute first jonquils bloom, a crop of new V ^ receivea comeL^o this season’s . smartness and spring clothes will appear, and you share of the war influence._ He’ll find hmts of military in de- style? We have an emergency this can bet your latest defense bond Styles, but he won t want to see his women dressed as if ready
With changing conditions changing hair styles. The main
cision for us to make is cither the spring that we didn’t have last year long or the short of it. Let’s look bound to change our atti-
tudes toward the relative impor-
at both sides and then you can make , „ , . - r 7 ui 1 m, ... tance of things in our everyday liv- P^ciity of a double-take. There are
cinit vo77,.««lf 0,7,1 c„-f ir °r' decisions. agree—that so many clever combinations, and .n iZ i 7 yourself Under Service Caps jg our duty to look and feel like good t^ese, with your own ingenuity, arc
The new feather hair cut, pixie news. This does not mean to cen- o^e good way of making your uch as light an added significance this year due ^'^^utever name you want to
classic fashion will be the silk fof regimentation and bearing that do-or-die expression. No suit. man wants to come home finding the women loking like carbon These silk suits arc going to see copies of the thousands of Uncle Sam’s boys. '
Influences of the war on our clothes are too numerous to mention; so here are just a few style
"blues, plaids, stripes, greens,
and to their fitness for defense service, tag on it, has been coming into the it does mean that For Practicality
tans. The suit coats are generally Uncle Sam is urging all to be prac- spotlight for a long time, but it longer and have three buttons down tieal and suits surely comply with finally took a war to cinch the mat-
ihe front. 'Tliese jackets are pur chased to wear with contrasting
trousers.
We’ve just had a report from New York describing men’s clothes in
this request.
You will find town suits in the plain colored wools or in many exciting bright young colors. Those suits are marked for their feminin-
ter.
- 194S. The suit coat for next year ity and originality. A suit of town lacks a collar and lapels, the jacket and country would likely be one of
is an inch or two shorter, pockets pensed with cuffs and pleats and the vest has disappeared. Such a suit uses only two and five-eighths yards of material, as against the
traditional three and a half yards\ son’s individuality and smaitness.
A jersey suit is a suit of all day.
Sweater Eds Steal Spetlight From Girls With Fashions Copied From Joe Esquire
It’s going to be ideal for summer—no long straggling hairs to be tossed and knotted in the breezes or make a nice big bump under your bathing cap. If you’re going to spend your summer doing defense work, these short curls will look mighty perky with the cocky little service caps. The long manes definitely have no place when thci e’s work to be done efficiently and
quickly.
If you do decide on the shoi t bob, don’t use your head as a place to keep a mop of wciid curls. When you got your permanent, don't get a bargain for it will be onl,\ a mass of friz and limpness. In the end
,, it will save your time, temper and
tie-silk shirt. Another all purpose
wo should make a genuine effort to Any spring or summer day—evedo our part for the nation’s morale, ning too, your silk will give you a “In waitime it becomes bad taste to neat, smooth appearance. With less hoard sugar, to complain about brawls and balls and more twohigh taxes, high living costs. In somes, you’ll want something piacwartime, it becomes definitely bad tical for day long wear so your time
taste to oveidress, to wear clothes
Step Forward With Colorful Shoe Fashions
When you stop out this spring
the new white pure wool plaids, a distinct plain, or a new light weight
herringbone.
Flannels in blue, white, and cheeks are also a mark of the sea-
all-way—anywhere.
Perhaps the most cheerful is a bright^ wool jersey of vivid brick red. Simply cut, direct and neat it may be worn with a snowy white
too elaboi'ate for their setting, or to underdiess to look slovenly and down-at-heel.” In wartime, even more than peacetime, women want beautiful things. It is not only women who appreciate tliem, but, far more important it is the men who want their wives and sweethearts to look their best. When a man gets only an occasional f 111 lough, he \vants his wife or sweetheart to look as glamorous and wonderful as she can for the little time t(iey have to-
gether.
Colors Dispell Gloom
7^„ 4 -(.I 7 , Avaiib to bo sure it s right foot can be spent with your man and not .• ,^,4 xt n r i 71 7 ■ , JNever before have you had a
lar^'er or smarter collection of shoes trom which to choose; clever styles, new lines, and plenty of beloved
in changing costume. The answer
again is a silk suit. Torso .rackets Popular
One popular combination is the classics fill the shops today, silk print dress with a rabbits hair . Frosh parsley green is a new jacket of contrasting color to slip shade served up to garni.sh your on when the cool evenings require it. spring wardrobes. Smooth baby calf Another smooth idea is the two pinniis with a swirled losette and piece, cusp bongaline suit incliid- matching green bag w’ould hi ing
ing the toiso length fitted jacket and a dashing gored skiit. You can wear them together with or without a dickey. With the skirt, -w'hen w'oi u separately, a perky blouse will be
Not to be overlooked during the
suit is the heavy red w'ool suit lined with white crepe. Add a red visor
curl.
“Sweater Girl” craze, are the sweat- cap to this outfit and a military bag ers for men. There are dozens of and you’re in there stepping high.
styles to choose from. To mention a few; sleeveless slipovers, sweater vests, V necks, crew necks, plain knit and cable knit. Sleeveless button down the front sweaters are taking the place of
This
precious !?$$$,$ to get a good And speaking of permanents, now’s the time to get them. Easter’s approaching—you’ll want yoiu hair to look its best then. ALso ma-
season will see a bright new , , • „ . , , terials for permanent waving aie
crop of evening suits. They, like
the day suits, are smart or simply tailored. The distinctive touch of evening wear is found in their elegant fabric and feminine blouses. With all the tailoring that is an
vests for corpus wear. The newest ^^^^^1^1 part of a suit, don’t forget colors are soft, greyed greens, needed feminine touch—a bit
blues, yellows, and tans. The beige cashmere pullover is always a pop-
ular style. Joe Esquires
Stripes are definitely out, but sweaters with a printed design have been seen roaming about the campus on a few Joe Esquires. Just a
word to the wise-
of lace, lace billowing, or white organdy with a fiilly jabot. Women now more than ever need to retain that distinctive feminine appeal.
shirts are out. Also, a green sweater combined with a blue shirt and a
sweaters without red tie.
TRIM LINES IN
SMOOTH STRYPS
*
by
Va-Rooffe
getting scarcer and pi ices are bound to start traveling upwaid.
Long Bob
Now let’s take a gander at the long bob. Those long shining locks give us a feeling of glamour and are plenty easy on the eyes of tho.se beloved males. If you do decide on the long bob, by all means keep it well airanged and youi bail shining by giving it those 100 licks with the brush. If you don’t, you’ll be accused of subveisive activities for lowc'i ing the morale. If you’re worried about the bobby pin shoitage, better ask Giaiuiy how she used to put her hair up on linen rags. Here’s to your ti esses . and long may they wave.
Today quality aiu: value must be hit; weai the jacket with a the great sales points. We must be tli'ess or a plain colored silk twice as cai eful and canny in choos- contrasting coloi-. ing our clothes so that we can look Another important fashion note twice as smait 111 them. Wc must ”1 the silk suits is the revival of the buy gloom dispelling colors, black trench coat which vas so potuilai must be un-giim black. We must duiing the last v,ar. One sti iking resolve to make assets of those example can be seen in a red coat things which we minst give up. To v\oin ovei- a navy diess.
wear stockings made of cotton or
spiing to anyone’s heart. And if tou'ie dai ing, try sheei green nylons to complete the ensemble. Door Knocker Features An elegant pump of baby calf with a moveable metal dooi knocker
trends to keep in mind when you put on your hat and step out to do your spring shopping. Sam Browne Belts We’ll wager you’ve admired and envied those shiny, trim looking Sam Browne belts the boys in uniform wear. Now’s your chance to look just as trim. The fashion designers have taken the cue and created designs to be made of Sam Browne leather. Purses, shoulder bags, gloves, and shoes of this color make neat accessories to complement your spring costume. But remember, he has to keep his smooth and polished; so be sure you follow
the example.
Suits in general have taken on a military air.' We see more fitted tailored w'ools, less dress ipakers, and more double-broated styles than before. A clever note is the flap pockets at the shoulder patterned after the shoulder flaps of the uniforms. A few have the stripes on
on its abbreviated vamp are an ideal the sleeves or wings over the pockcomplement to the eaily spring ggj; -j-qq gaudy with dres.ses. If yon’ie a conservative these gadgets. You can walk down
anything cdse the Government prescribes. We should resolve to have the best wai'drohc that wc have ever had. Best m the best sense; most hard working, most intollig'ent, most becoming, and most beautiful. It mu it be I'cipembeied, too, that the makcis of tashion of shoes and hat.s, glove", and bags, dre.ssos and coats, suits, all aie oiierating witJi lull Goveinmcnt approval. Whatevci is on s.ilo in a sho)) is there to be bought, with the Government’s
and carefully. Spend what you have to spend in quality. Insist that what you buy be both enduring and be-
coming.
No Drastic Changes
Piobably we will notice no V( 1 y drastic changes in thi' look of clothys foi a year, at lea.si. 'J’lien, you may nolue some lo-s of the law
materials wliich the Goveinmcnt native skiii.s.
and want to be uUia smooth, try the ])erennial sjuing- favorite—elasticized gabaidine with a new twist, a patent heel and latficed window on the toe. Foi waidiobe staples a c ollege hi ed plain spc'ctator pump of
poli.shed calf is very good.
Polished Calf hoe
Last yeai’s lavorite which is still a lop notcher is the side-buckled .shoe in polished calf. Foi' the .sjiorts .spectatoi a cubaffiiheeled one sLiap tan ealf slitclied shoe ns veiy serviceabh'. A popular new shoo shade this " pi ing Will bo sun beige, which It minds 0117' of the warm glow of
This color is paiticLi-
and buy yours, but he has to work
for his.
Navy Influence The navy can’t be overlooked cither. The ever-popular sailor colis more in the spotlight today than ever. The designers have used a little ingenuity and created variations of this classic fashion, Navy blue IS still a faithful stand-by and combined with red and white, it gives us a chance to show our col-
la t ly
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK — DENTISTS —
400-404 Schultx Bldg. 4th and Main St. Lafayette
has commandecicd. ,Some of these are lo.s.ses in 1 ubbei and silk which
full pel mission. Eefusal to buy only can be replaced by othoi .sti eachable heliis to dislocate the public econ-i mateiials and layon, wool will likeomy. The men m conti ol of the con- ly be combined with other libei s servcition of our natural resouices which will have the look ot wooli-
havc withdi awn (or will w ithdraw) ness. Colors will ahvays be found and the alv^ays good open toe fi om consumei uses all the 1 aw ma- hi ^ oui favoi itc ones ev^en though lieel may be \\ 0111 toi di ('.".s occateiials essential to the war cffoit. they might be more duplicated than sums. One inanulactui ei has given Whatever you buy in fashion will fiefoi e. Slide fasteners will not lie the “station wa'>'on” shoe
leatuied 111 the sandal tyiie slioe. Sandals ai-e coming in all varieties. One featuies the strap with buckle atios.s the side of the shoe; another featuies flat heels with cord lacing. Still another with high heels
ind
Here’s ope fashion feature we just can’t overlook. It’s not a military influence, but the war has plenty to do with it; so let’s take a glance at defendeietto clothes. Most of them are made of durable, wearable, washable blue denim. We can think of nothing more versatile for practical wear. If you’re planning on spending' the summer working in a dei'ensc plant, defenderettes will be the ptoper attire. For those of you g'oing to school, here’s a cos-
not deplete war stocks. Buy what as scarce as the fiist rumois pie- hand woven two-ioned sandal, col- be worn comfortably
A SMOOTH LINE is yours in this princess slip of non-elmging Stryps^. Shadow pan-^ $1.98
You can count on sleek rayon Stryps " to show silhouette lines at their slim, trim best. And how wondrously they hold up too, through long hard wear. Ironing not necessary.
'BECAUSE YOU LOVE NICE THINGS'
Palais Roua >"■' ■■■■■ |||■ln^»^■
♦Re*. U. S. Pat. Off.
V
,..-e
’A
Si
you need, but buy wisely, sanely, dieted and wc will still tind them
wheievei necessary.
Wc really have a wondciful
Be Among the First to Wear New Fashion-Keyed Cojors
CIciUAmtlL
by
W E A R • 8 E.A L £ D 'fbv U)^ flflL iflL
■iyf/
For costume harnioir/this Spring choose Claussner's "Campus Colors". You'll find one that blends perfectly vyith each of the ne’w Spring fashion shades. And, of course, you know Claussner's colors ore extra flattering because Cloussner Hose are so sheer and fine-textured.
chance to .show our intelligence, originality, and loyalty this spiing. Let’s all do oui jiait to conti ibute to the nation’s continued higli molalc.
ors sun (team with tobaevo leather •stitching tiioimd the toe. Whether you’ie .seal cliing- foi blithe young rascal shoes foi casual time or sophisticate smootliius foi diessy time, tlie local sliops fcatuie them all. Heie’i to higli and smooth stepping.
ENCHANTING SHOES FOR
■C> TO ENCHANT YOUR ESCORT
THEY WEAR--TRY A PAffi--$i„15-$1.35
JToeliA
Hosiery Shop—Street Floor
to class and do double duty for
sportsw ear.
The clothing' manuiacturers are making defendeiette.s into every type of outer gaiment. Ure.s.scs, .shuts, skirts, shorts, jerkins, culottes, .slacks give any type of woman a chance to select a defendeietto costume. Here’s one that’s all out foi activity; it’s a one-piece slack suit with snaps on the cuft’s of the legs. When you’ie strolling, hiking, or just putteiing, leave tha legs like any other slacks. When you’ic aiounci a machine or hop on your lake and thcic’s danger of your jiants leg catching, just snap the leg together and it fits lightly around
your ankle.
lleie’s to your shopping and don’t foi gel—look your prettiest and loviv best when Johnnie comes marching home, 1
Sweater Styles Feature Color
Maize, pink, powder blue, mayapple, lettuce green, cream, pumpkin, and white are among the shade.s that will be featured in new spring ■sweaters. The sweaters aie still long and fii loosely, and will be of wool. For a Svveater with a “perfect fit” the gills like to wear a full-fash| loned farment. There are the “Rag* A-Miiflin” and the “Ruf-N-Rcdi’' sweateis that aio 100 percent im^ ported wool and are full-fashioned. They are in the cardigan and thg pull-over types—both types being shown for spnng. ilressy Sweaters * A cashmere pullover, full-fash.; ioned sweater with short or long sleeves may very aptly be chosen to wear for more diessy occasions such as dales or informal dances as
well as for street and sports wear} Novelly sweateis are always shown hut they are not as much in (It mand as aie the more, staple types. The novelty sweaters have a fancy weave but have no embroidciy. In a less expoinsivc sweater, there are the Shetland c^irdigans and pullovers which are very beautiful and most stylish.Boilermaker, Given Second And Third PoMioS^
Boilermaker Ball Club Schedules Twenty-Six Contests For Season
the five members chosen to , make the trip will be ihyei^;;#§n,;1^h<>j hav«. confer^ace^titles as a re-
' lEx|j>onent^Athlete Of The Yea/
The Exponent’s recently announced “Athlete of the Year” contest' seems to be meeting with unusual interest. Two awards are already pre-
IM Schedules
SUi o* last week’s tournament, and in so doing set what is be- athletes sath spiing, one the Noble Kto award and the other
bea high mark for team ascoring with 33 points. ^ti^^rhUlr^rS'strong ■■
Itohded by two undefoated p#ifOrmofSp Mickey MacDonald, sophtfjdibt'O Big Ten 121 pound champion, ^||d,^rank Buggieri, Big Ten heavyWtsighV title; holder, the tioilermakefs ate exi>ected to provide strong Cation for fhe team ehampion-
the Big Ten award for scholarship and sportsmanship, but neither of these fulfills the need fOr which the Exponent prize was originated— that is, to award the athletes that are deserving in the eyes of the stu-
dent body whom they represent.
The other awards are decided by the faculty or coaches. For the Ex-
A schedule of 26 games, includ-
ing six practice affairs, has been
completed for the Rivetei-’s baseball ^
club during the coming season. The
Boilermaker nine, disrupted by John Kotz graduation and service losses, faces •
six twin bills with Big Ten rivals, including home stands against Illinois, Ohio State, and Minnesota, and road engagements with Michigan,
Indiana, and Northwestern.
No Southern Trip
In place of the usual spring training trip to the South, Coach Dutch Fehi'ing has scheduled six nradtice
Last evening radio station WGN of C|tjc;igO, named Kotz, star forward of the Wisconsin 1941-42 basketball s(|bad„ and new record holder in Big Ten scoring, as the wiiraef of their annual award to the most outstanding ball player of the year in Western Conference basketball, Andy Phillip of Illinois was second choice for the award and Fore.st “Frosty” Sprowl of the Boilermaker.s was third. Kotz’s winning of the trophy this year makes the second Badger in as many years to receive the award, a gold, regular size basketball fittingly
engraved.
BASKETBALL
Thursday
Court 1-—Rafferty
7:00 Phi Kappa vs. Sigma Pi. 7:16 Ward 3 vs. Ward. 8 (final).
^ .^O^eeftbly:absent from the list of 8:00 Phi Delta Theta w. Pi Kappa
kbing:, to East Lansing is Psi.
^jii^faln Casey Fredericks, uiidefeat- Court 3—Holderman 1%; Ten I2i pound champion, 7:00 Circle Pines vs. Wesley,
has. hevef lost a dual meet en- 7:15 Owen vs. Chauiicey. three^y var- 8:00 Roachdale v.s. Marwood. §l^ :C^etitiom 8:15 Luma vs. Dover.
'^tMeficks'To Marines ' :
■.('.';C^sayi;is'anxi6.us to spend the last ^lost effectively
ponent award the names will be nominated by the students, with the games with St. Joseph and Wabash,
lil^^eks of ,hi? college career in com-. R„und Out Stjuad
plfe^ibg His Avprk fob graduation, in remaining men to comiftaklng'the final arrarigements for pjete the o.uintet will probably be Mienlistnieht in .the Marine Corps, Paratore, 165-pounder, who al-
rto 'in jlist spending his time being though went through the dual meet ana stars. They also have several other games in prospect. 'i&.avdt4ee:cbllege student. nnahlA +n Incidentally, Frosty Sprowl got another 24 points in Tuesday night’i
final selection in the hands of a board predominantly composed of students. The number of nominations each athlete received, of course, will bear considerable weight in these choices. ► Many Names Already" Proposed . Several name.s have already been norhinatdd, Yesterday afternoon a flood of ballots for Casey Fredericks wei’c turned in by boosters of the wrestling captain. Other names representing many sports have been
sent in. ■
► Boilermakers Win Again
Six of the seniors, on the Boilermaker hardwood team played their first barnstorming game in a planned series Tuesday night when they met and conquered the Joliet Junior College team 67-45. Sprowl, Caress, Polk, Tierney, Galvin and Blanken played on the winning team. Blanken, who was married last weekend, met the others at Joliet for the game. A week from tomorrow the same team will journey to Charlie Caress' home tow'n of Bedford to play a team of ex-Bedford and ex-Indi-
which will be open to everyone with-
out charge. \
If the weather man is willing, the pi'actice schedule will .start March 30 witli the fii'.st of three games, to Ijc played oh.^ consecutive days against St. Jo.4e])h and continuing agaimst Waba.sh April 3 and 4. Treat For Diamond Fans At the same time it was announced by baseball coach “Dutch” Fehring that airangcnients have been completed to obtain both the American League and National League baseball motion pictures of this year for a special showing in the Hall of Music on Wednesday night, April 8, at 7:30 o’clock. The showing of the two films.
Andy Phillip
, ite' havG. Mark Matbvina, ren Gregory, versatile 145 pound , r, , , , ,, ^tiet.bu^afiAihgi sophomore who grappler, wher moved up a step and Young. If it weren’t for Uncle Sara s nod, Sprowl would probably enter
:450h”fhe'Bjg T^ T36.p.pund crown, took runner-up honors in the 166
tb> the-128 pound pound class in the ,Big Ten cham ((i|h^h;^re he MibuldhG:able to work pionships..
.? ‘Am'I —— ", ' I • I 11 , 11 11 .1..^ ' .■
, BDGERTON HDWE., INC. , HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES v^^JLQOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT We Deliver
next .season as one of the highest paid members of the pro league. ► NCAA Wfesfling Tourney NexI For Matmen Coach Reeck’si Big Ten champion mat team is through for the season ■ except for those that will compete in the NCAA tourney at Michigan State, in about teii days. As yet. Coach Reeck .isn’t sure just who will make the trip. Either Casey Fredericks or Mickey McDonald will go in
the 121 pound: class.
Big Ten heavyweight champ Frank Ruggieri is one sure to make the ■ trip. He got through the dual meets and the Big Ten tourney with ease, ending the season as one of the be.st heavyweight wrestlers in the,nation.
And its approach heralds the season of bright spring fashions. The Exponent and its ad- ^ vertisers are featuring a review of fhese styles throughout this week. Look it over, and selpct your Spring Wardrobe in the Shops of the / ; EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Students are in poorer physical condition when they, leave the University of Minnesota than when they enter, says Wesley E. Peik, dean of the college of ed.ucation.
ADULT TAP CLASSES OPEN ADVANCED THURS., MARCH 19 BEGINNERS' FRIDAY, MARCH 20 6:30 P.M. CHILDREN'S CLASSES OPEN SAT., MARCH 21st
League, will be. opeii^to the student body and the general public without charge. The regular competitive schedule for the remainder of the season will be as follows: April 1—Notre Dame, here. April 10-11—W e s t e r n IllinoiSj here. April 14—At Wabash. April 17-18—Illinois, here. April 22—At Notre Dame. April 24-26—At Michigan. April 28—At Butler. May 1-2—Ohio State, here. May 5—Butler, here. May 8-9—At Indiana. May 14—Wabash, here. May 15-16—At Northwestern. May 22-23—Minnesota, here. BADMINTON FINAL ROUND Thursday at 4:00 Acacia vs. Phi Kappa Psi. Phi Delta Theta vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. Winners of above matches will play each other.
Frosty Sprcml
ALLEN’S
The background of your letter The selection of your writing paper is as personal as choosing your hat. It can be tailored or delicately feminine, formal or informal, gay or dignified. It emphasizes the mood of the words you write ... reflects your personolity. Express your charm end good taste—
CHOOSE
FINE LETTER PAPERS
Inc.
518-20 Main Sh
Phone 5036
... iini.v:!;ed in that order in the VvGN bailating for the most valuabio player award. 'I’lv.s award capped a fine season of play for all these three players, in a year that was markc'd by a serie.s of outstanding
individual perfornianeG.s.
Kotz’s selection was announced over station WGN at 6:15 last evening on their daily sports review. Later in the evening the star appeared in person, was interviewed, and narrated a few highlights of his basketball career. A 2.‘J-Man Selection Board There were 2.3 members on the board that decided which of the ten top men, one turned in by each of the teams in the Conference, was to receive the honor, The board consisted of Major John L. Griffith, coin miss loner of Big Ten athletics; the ten coaches of the conference teams; officials Glenn Adams; R, A. Bainum; Lyle Clarno; John Getchell; Bill Haarlow; Carl Johnson; Nick K/^ariis; Joe Reiff; Gale Robinson and Earl Townsend; Bob Elson, WGN sports announcer and Grayle Hewlett, WGN sports editor. . ■ ■ Eight of the ten candidates received consideration from the board, each member of which designated a first and second choice. First place counting two points, second one point. The final selection liarrowed to two candidates, John Kotz and big Andy Phillip, sophofhore guard from Illinois. Kotz accumulated a total of 28 points, from eleven’ first place votes and six SeConds j Phillip aggregated 23 points''oil eight firsts and seven second . ch<^cd ballots in the final tabulation. Frosty Is Third i d . Third, place.-was taken by Ford^ Sprowl of the Boilermakers five points, Andy Eiriimer of fourth with four, arid-Tdm 'Ghk^i man of lowa and Don ^inith idt 53(1% nesota tied for sixth, place . three vptes;each. ' -''d ; ' dv Last year-iGfene Kngliind of ;ilHk Badgers, winner of the, first of this type, haohopolized the fiak loting by taking 40 points on irim% teen first's and two seeoriils, leaving 29,points left for the other nine ineti in the race. Jqe Stathpf of Chica^' clairried second place last .seasOil with 15 points. ' ;i In releasing this honor for the seed ond tiine in consecutive seasons to a Wisconsin player, the opiniori of the majority of the board members was that the Hlini could'haVe concluded the season in a higher posk tion without Philip, great .as he wa^; than Wisconsin could have attained without Kotz, Orie 'ineriafaer of thfe board said in commenting on Kotz’s selection, “Without him, I seriously doubt if this Wistonsih team would have won three games” ' • Badgers Win Teii Wisconsin, the defending Conference champions ended the season in a three way tie for second place with Indiana and Iowa, each of the thi-ee schools winning- ten games thrbu.gh a fifteen game schedule. The Badgers got away to a very poor start., losing their first three contests, but they did an about face in. rapid order at this stage of the game and took complete charge of ten of the twelve games, left on then-, schedule. In each, of thes» conflicts. John Kotz was the big man tp watch, playing, besides a matchless shooting game a fine flop'- game as
well.
Kotz averaged over sixteen points in each of these fifteen contests to set a new individual scoring record in Conference play with 242 points. Jewell Young held the former title with 184 points scored over a t'welve game schedule, aveiaging a little over fourteen points per game. At the twelve game mark, Kotz Was., eleven points behind Young’s rec-.-(Continued on page 6)
Three months back order of Model Airplane Supplies just arrived. Get yours while they last!
Across from the Union Building ' M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29 R. W. “Doe” Ejiple* ’40PSrduS Exponent
‘fli A
Thursday, March X9; 1942
■cWiU
1
i
%
Notices
l^ttrdoe Oufinu (. hiU Hkk nmII In » Me dutii)k>' M irch »t J p m nt th< \rmoiv CftU <»kii li<iiT»is at 2to <) Inn Civtrt nt ^421 foi I* ‘'Oivnlions IH Condition RxaminUions TNims in \M 21 arnl AM 22 %m]1 bo i non in room 110 Ho^^jlnn Hull on SiturHv March 2S finm 1 to 4 Pnniits nuo b oltnncil in tlio main offioi of llMiMlni Hall rOOHMAN Alpha 7ela PledRev And Artne*: Pinquct dull (iniinid l> Ihui d n Much ( in room JCI of Ihmn h mo f iiU ()jn<t on lJin\ir'^it> i »hn ir 1 1 tlj-r Ic'bt'' uid initiitnm ^'l^ h \\ In •'In M nh Pl^jro cont tt III s 1 n ( i uilitnil in I Im^il rin titnti i S\N MM M A \ 1* I (1 11 pi » li 1 nu A ( nda\ Mirt hit Pi u t I ( w ill 11 li 1 I < \ t \ M >n dai W ii 1 d n i d 1 11 lin \ \ \ 1 r < tu «*s It iiUH d f I II tr i n ir 11 ( 0(1 PT U Poullri Srioiue Club Pi fess r 1 m « embijol 1 \\ 1 1 1 < al i1 0 ] ni I h i ria\ M troh 11 in u in 1 nil \ id i Optn m t tin*:, \\ II i UK Senior fade! Ofr>c<r<i Si n iiji i nin Ii nti Ij t n nlv D t< i f 1 11 f I 111 aiifioininit nts I) lin i u I n f ) i
POMM Th 1 iMlI 1
Tlmr' * > Ml rt h 1 t 1 i i 1 aculti 1/t im 1 cl 1 ni from POMM t 11 < i in til
day M iH h 1*^ It i <
ih I isl '1 in d \V 1 s
(111! Ain
SCA Social rhairman If n i 1 u < ha* tMo l of licl t 1 11 S( \ n n p]<as4 1 t m 1 It \\ I n t 1 il (ill 2i4^ MOOl)\ \RI) ASM! Ih Pi 11 I 1 I II 1 I t f Hi 1 Speed Iiastl will It <ii u d )\ 1 lol Pt:tf> <t ihi C I scho 1 \ <il nt will 1 inchult »1 in hn t ill 1 In i 1 i Mml It tt '' '10 n Uimn 1 \S KIM
Junior Prom (ommillec M h
Marth -.0 ti l ( iv Hill I t Dinn met tin PHI 1
11\
GOOD
PRINTING
at
PAINLESS PRICES
More Style
for Less Money
Kane's
Prinf Shop
401 S 29lh St
Phone 5205
Alpha lambda Delta PI dg ma: •^ciMcc*} Mill bo held Snturdn\ Maroli 21 nt 1 pm in ror ii 212 of ih( Hnibn 1 vor\ mcmbci hr thcio MicDONM 1) N’\A "t^orkeia Chocks for period ending Much " mr null hit i c ifhici s iniot in I \ oulnt lUdj irOl I 1 NSl 1 Cere*; Pledges Set ^\oathors for Coios lUill i n !•! s( n i-t I il It
\M MHl US
Skating Pirtv Ilu luthcnn Student A'ctiilim ol Amt IK i \ ill held a skatinj pniti it Mu lit I oinl Moinl i> iii ht Mirth M f u will 1 nt th< oil (lot 1 I I th Unitn il I VII thiv will h pnm i fi ( licit 1 1\ IV n( wcltoim hunt \oii fii nd ANPAI I icshman rnuneors ''ltd loi I nuruoi iiv Icctvii s Sitnrl \ M uh ».l it 8 an I' •'th I lu kilts wh(S( luimt htKin with A 1 (iTul) 1 oc m *,111 Piiildint « c ind flo 1 1 < n I r Oni) 1 T t until K m 1 1 L I n iildin IiU inul) itxn ^01 ( 1 I \i I tin S / (nu 1) ketuic it oi i in Mnhi 1 (tlkn Shops I itt stntlt nt will i t I h D( c 1 KNAPP ( 1 21 M ikiups I \ imin it n n t) u mr \ C lid I ^1 itks in C 1 •’1 ( lit t 1 will h( i i\ n in i lom lOI >f iht Cn il I uildin f it ni 1 I I n SatnrliN Md h \ hi t ton r imd ( Mu rn it nu SONl SON C ospio Club Ml tin it 0 Fill v (\t Ml}. D 1 tm 10 1 r lh Union U iil i II il ni tin K M 1 \U Sliidtnt Stnalt Inittitmi ni tun lots li Mirth 21 il *“ 0 pm in (h Sludtnt S nil 11r( All 111 mills d t\t)i(t <1 tt) 11 nl HlIIOS S(iid<.nt Senile All m mhtis of thi S n Hi Ik d Will m (I in the St n lU oMio it 1 t n I s I n M iich >[ UIHOS Sfiidtnl W ir Count il M(ttin„ Sitiudn M i(h -1 it 1 im in tht Sludtnt Stnili Ol DTI10S IMA (liDus Midint in S nth P woi U t m (f flit IJiiitn it 10 pm Ihuisrlav M 1 c h 1) bO 1 C A K CiOhl PonpoTs \mi Unit m 1 PhM tin Much 1) it I p ni in loom 212 ol th Unit n 1 It is( hi thtu SCARI F Mill! ir> Uinquct Coinniitlii Mtthru lhurdi> Miith 1) it 1 pm in lOtm 20') I lilt AI rn IV OU VI l*OMM I null iniliilon will lie hi 1 1 it 0 p Ml ihuisdi> Mixh 11 in lOom 10 > I h Ainittv M a f iniil uiultim with wht Ini PUSH /oil ivcs Hull 1 nd n Muth 20 1 j) m H 1 ml s( i Is will I f 1 nuxi fa Mi hij-im Snt 111) I) I I lias Imp will pinhahly
I d\ nt 1 1 w w (Its
OUAl
Revolutionary discovery/
Playtex^^^:^^^^^!^^::; yiirdl® parity style with seamless garters
j^4
#711
(on figure) ^2.75
New discovery in figure control that slims wherever it touches... feels like your own skin controls, but does not constrict or bind' Of smooth liquid latex .no seams, no stitches, no boning' Always fresh rinse, pat with a towel, and It’s dry' Pink, blue, white
#700 PI ayeex A panry styU with fi tut Barter# $2 35
#707 Playtex Birdie sryle with kcainless sorter# $2 7S (sAtruiar^esi^i:
Palais koual
F(B2/ICTORY
BUY UNITED STATES DEFENSE BONDS STAMPS
■The Ralio— fo 1
New Scenis Thai Speak Members Of Athletic
Of Spring Captinale Eds 3,3,,
Now that ‘losel) spuria” has al last come to the banks ol Yt Wa h ish, poc ti V has seeped into oui soul -aloiif' ’ ith othei thinpi (such as Bock) Ol did you know that stuff fioin the bottom of the vat was cii culatin’7 Class attendance Wednes day mom was a aood indication An5n\av, hole’s a litoiaiy thought we due up loi tociay Owed lo Spun/' “ 1 he qiialit\ of Bock is not sfiained, II dropiiefh as the gentle lain in the lace beneath, It IS twice blessed, once as it goeth tlow n, and again as it riseth ’ Fis mightiest in the weakest, It becomes a thionod Boilermakei hctfci than bis slipslitk, Ills slipstick showetb the foice ot mental powci, I he afterbite ol awe and maiestj, \\ herein doth sit the dread and leai ol prots But Bock IS aboAe this slipstick
swa\,
It IS dll attiibiite to spiing itsell. And Boilei makers’ thoughts doth then show likcst spring— When Boik seasons education ” —Shaliesliei 1 DU lom Keelei Ins finall\ c lught u|) w ith ‘ Baihie” Hyman ot the \w lul Chi Omigods ind pinned hei 101 till dill 1(1011 Poi 1h( dutilion ol wli il ' Who knows ' We’d like to Pud ly mgl t’s mixed leeieitioii live I it tile 'Vie moi i il (i\ i i w ill t il e on III iddcd lot oi eoloi is Dot (ole Cl ne tile llieta m i swinmiitig meet I\ow we see why Dot iias been ti iiiiiii-, 'O vnotomlx of 1 ite Ciood III li Doe Mn the lust min win' ( il SI (t o\ Snm 1 K u w e 'll o\ e I lo the* K iii|> hotel the olhei p m on om ol Ills U".!! vl visit to see hi pi I .,11 Dm 1 o\ C il J.ai ted Jie exenin rll L\ icxtiin his head ii 1 1 1 i\ s (I e! Note K pi)a—NO I id'h ; I 10 lie awikei'cd ^ome two ill c on late 1 m tl c s I uc iio ill! I 1 lit \ uh 1 is IK se I I mly . I ip p I I ) p c\ e lit hi s» (» II ppv \ nin I’e pp\ box \ ( 111 1 K ( !u (; s 1 K 1 1 L 11 e\ \ t 1 iin^ the 1 I c oi lounge
College girls should weai pcifumc Joi all occasions foi that allure which cveiy gnl xvants at all times Pci fume should be u'ed vciy spai ingly—with a small amount on each cai and, if the occasion is a dance, a dash on each ankle will give the desiied fiagiantpdoi Cologne can and should be used much moic liecly than perfume With an atomizei, cologne can be spiaytd on the chess, coat, ban, etc, and lend a fiagrance which will last foi seveial houis Wise Choices For the most impoitant occasion, “Confetti”, “Caison”, “Gucilain”, Ol “Coiday” peifume aic x\ise choices In addition to the “old standbys” which we have been using foi every occasion theie is Millots’ “Ciepe do Chino”, the alluiing Gienovillc peifumes, Schiapanlle m “alutc,” “Sleeping,” and “Shock-
ing”
Any one ot the seveial iiagiancos m Lentheiic peifumes is good foi all occasions, also, the Woith floial peifumes m “Gaidenia” and “Lilac” aie a good all occasion peifume lizards” foi themsohes—thanks to one losepli Bose and othci stal waits So they now have a lulmg to the effect that any fan el imscl caught m the act el anything woisi than iiileidigitalion witliin tlie con tines ot said hou-o would he .iskcel to cxplipi hci actions bcloio the gioup Wondci how they 1 ankeel tiist in scholaiship it this has hecw goin,, on ill along ' Must )« liianix Oi SI nu [I’n ‘ \lg> saw a heal I he he ai s.iw Algv I he tiear was bulge I he bulge was Alg> —Swiped (Pd Note It slioiild h ivc bee n) 'I liomas \ in Att.i ( luiiiiigton III ( ilias ‘ ( Litic”) 11 e mlici ol the Be ta II eta Pi soci il Jiateinitv lias ic centh (two months a-,o) announced his engagement to Maijone Seihcit —Unix c i^sitx laduatc 111 Mtehin ic.il Dnenmciing and menibci ot Ivaipia Alpha Theta social 01 only Miss Seine it at pioscnt icsidcs in < iiHinin'i Ml Che 1 tinglon live at I h B( t i )i nise I uc i e llnw 1 i (1 x n I ( n I itul tiiins Sic \ ou in Libja — eu summci xchoo! Both about the same
The membeis of Purdue’s athletic staff aie 1 evolving about the state at a lapicl late these days in filling a host of engagements as speakers befoic vaiious banquet sessions Coaches On Program Guy Mackey, athletic chi octoi, and Elmoi Bill nham, head football coach, will both appcfti on the pioRiam at the annual g-atheimg of the Indiana Coaches’ Associhtion in Indianapolis on Fiiclay night, and will also 30m ioices at a banquet m hon01 of the Elkhalt high school basketball squad at L'lkhait on Monday night In addition, Mackey will speak bcfoic the legulai xxeekly luncheon of the Puidue Association oi Indianapolis on Wednesday noon, while Burnham will be the piincipal speakei at a high school spoils banquet at Loganspoi t on Tuesday noon Bui nham has also accepted an invitation to be the speakei befoie a banquet in honoi ot the John Adams high school sqind at South Bend on Apiil 14 Mel Taubc, assistant tootball and basketball coach, will bo the pi in cipal peakei bcfoic a gathering m honoi of the Hoi ace Mann high school squad at Gaiy on Monday night. Match 50, as welt as a simil u gathciing at Spencoi on Apiil 7 William ‘Dutch” Pclinng, lu id i 1 eshman basketball coach, assist int Jootball coach and head liascliall coach, did double duty ycxtoiday, spe ikiiig bcloi c a Hot ri y C lub meet mg nt Newcastle at noon in lionoi ot the Newcastle and Straughn teams, anel then jumping to Attica last nil ht to spe.ik bctoio a banquet 101 the Attica, Williamsport and 'Vetdeishuig teams leliiing is also scheduleel to speak at Madison next Tucseiiy .ind it (lUeneistle next
Thuisday
Classified Ads
AVanted I till lime KfenoRTupher and geneirul offii-e assislant I'lirdue liai k Kruund pnftrrid Applj ly lelter Ix p intnL Box N ) I
1 vpewi iterH Ad I iik M u I i i s ill ni 1 s )l(l I nl il DU 1 Dul luicha I Mini t j[ Il 'N >U In ( I I 1 (1 I < ft ( «'■ M iMi I il V H 1 11 n )
lot Ctoid tin Si mi Chi Im I s i VI C in i Iv K \ D I C I!
Dear Students: Awake to the fact that the Purdue Ex^ ponent is your one source of what is going on about our campus* All one does to find out about Activities meetings or call-outs, is to look in the NOTICES* If you have lost something valuable, the most logical thing to do is to announce it in the CLASSIFIED AD section* Read about the latest National Events in the WASHINGTON MERRY-GO-ROUND* Why wait any longer? Subscribe to YOUR school paper NOW! Sincerely, The
[ [IPOHI
Today On WBAA
Tommy Dorsey, rated one of the country's best bands in the recent c5own Beat poll, will play for both a convo and mixer on the campus Saturday, March 28
Male Formal Attire To Feature Dinner Jackets in Pastels Dust otl those xvhite coats, boys spiing <uid summci toi mal season I'- (It ivMug mgli 'Fo leally bo the Ik III ol (he 1) ill, a white flannel or linen 10 U IS essential T^hat short wliili coat with a pleated back do Modem coeds demand long, hi Old shouldered, well diaped jackets Well “this with your tuxedo II ousel s and a wide maioon cumiiKihuiid or sash (< ij Atcessoiics Acccssoiics aie going gay tins xiu, with maion, blue or green Lrs buttonicics and handkclchiefb. Pastel dinner pickets aie gaming I IX Ol in the cast, and will piobabjy be worn hcK by a lew ol the more dll mg and well diosscd men Soft luin doxxn collai-, ai( obyiously the most pi ulical and comfortable for pi mg wcu You may weai pleatid 01 sLiitlud tionls whichevei you pi cI Cl Just a hint on yoiii vxay lo the iK UK m loi a general spiing tormil (Ic inm bctlci be on the look- ( lit lot xoui laxoiitc coed Drop lu 1 i <-ubtk hint tint it won’t bo loll., till I’l o u tmu Blouses Put Variety lu Spring V/ardrobe \\ lib tbi me c ising popularity ol mis the emphasis this spiing ( nils tow uds blouses Everything liim Ilu most tailored shut to dun \ 1 ic( Italln iwtight blouses I I IV II1 lbl( \o iH haluics a vaiicly ol w I I A w ishalilc white pique is n 1(1 with I high lound collai, IkiiI tilihin„ and buttons down III bill l( lyon ciepob aio lasli mi((l mio loin sl( cvul blouscb witli II lu w liawl’ 01 “gaucho” col I 1 s iml 1 smi li Imllon tiont (los III \( mil mil Blouse In II irpei s Ita/aai aie lound c dm d bb u is to wiai with plain suit 1 lu V su-,,cst a rayon crepe pimt ol com dots on stupes made willi i pli ited liont to show olt tlu pi mt In washahli lilouses eytlet I ilisli liimmcd with staiehy whili piqm IS smut Also shown an whiL( c ol Ion ,blouses clcveily ic (i nt( (1 b\ lid I icki aik In .ulditioii to these and other new idjas 111 bloiisi s thg even popular ilissic' aic aaxilable loi dciriaiul. I oug sliivid shuts ot layon ciepi, madi witli lonveitilde collars are slu wn m white and pastils Many' dilliunt styks ol cotton shuts, and ol (OUISI Hu mdispinsable dickey III bung used Numeious and vaiud to fit cvoiV II U and budget aie the blousi s III i(l( loi lh( (list 1 mini itmg huyci 111 s pi 111., I ighty slioiig, the fust reseive ml III I li uniug 101 ps ski patrol 111 Ilu Uiiitid States loimed ranks u ((iillj il Ilu Univei sity ot Wis<l*on
9 'Sb News 10 10 T ht ( ui 10 M rn 10 lb -Y^BAA Piisints to 0 1 isu n Wluli Yon Wml 10 bb News 11 00 1 i (1( 1 all <1 ( i nbs n lb Music 11 10 Puint Iiichii Assoiiilmu, 11 lb Music II bO Puidul Niws 11 bb News IJ 00 A.,111 iilLui il 1 01 mu 12 lb Meet the B ind Id lb Music 12 bb News 1 00 P ucuts’ 1 01 um 1 lb Souvenas 1 ,0 Sen nil I’l X K w 1 lb M 11 I( (s 1 bb N \ ' 2 00 Sim X i Dax 2 lb 1 111 Apollu i II \ 2 JO Mu 11 2 lb 1 1 ca'Ui i ( lu s( 2 bb News ! 00 Mu K , I I Al tci noun Mi lodi s ) il) MiisK il Rmin I I p
bb News
1 (10 li l 1 n u ! uni lib'll I ' 111 1 111 11 iliv l ' 0 1)1 I ( n I II ( IK mn ( I nip
1 b ) Nix
0 I 111 I I I I 1 b 0 Vi spi 1 b lb I lU 1 \i I Mull ( 11
b Niws
() 00 Dim I ilo II ( 0 Sjn ! \ 1 \\ () lb Mil I (1 ) ) N'( \N / 00 till III \ Il 11 I’l i
i K \ )
I 0 'Vn I
I ). N(
‘ 00 SI [ imiil ” 1 t 10 Vi 1 111 111 111 I S lb 1 \ < lull ! I hoi s S bb N w 0 00 I'ln u in 1
0 b > \i\
10 I) ) on Ilu All Johnny Kofx (( onlmui (I 11 om p i > md ol DM point Inn i ud 17 . how I'vi I III till I I till (i „ un s Kol w hipi 1 (I 11 I I I ol 1 hi 11 g\ mn mm 1 I < 1 n 1 \ 111 si\L\ nmi pomis 20 i„ im t Ol 10 ‘'I iti I 5 I I 11 I M II 1 I III mil III i Ji t till ilim i\ t |)oiiUs mil i lu w I I 11 I (I )i (I III mil 11 n1111 III I j. mu Im till yi u 1 imsi low 1 I u m„ liK tot il to 212 iiomis mil 1 nix '^i It m, I ((III il loi 1 III! in lint siluiluk (till \V IS Oppiuilimi 1 III mi,li I III SI ison IS till (I iliox I Kol / IS 11 1 III n 2 poll I pi I mu howi VM (ill! Poll (limmu Iivi 1ml ( ippx u 11 (I on Ilu 10 11 12 I’oili I n il 11 II I ki I ) ill ipi III 1 i p( sill II I \ I il n\ I I Ilu hill lu III (I w lu II I 111 P il i i iiiil B mt I n (III nu I o I till Loi 11 in iki i llooi l1i il hi I( mil 1 mi out onl\ Ion I noi ^,h to ili o i i i'’lil ii s till o 1 I In n 1 n I Ik i i I u om|i nu d I \ i I h u il os loi wl il 1 11 I I i\( Ik 11 i 1 illii I I iimi'i ilm lolal ol Um I \ ( ml lo t h mu
(ilVE JltWELRY No mailer for xvhom or wlial iho oci’a* sioii, jewelry is always a siiilaMe fijifl. ^ddiiL
.E'vvi'lei 4
Main Si.
Sinre 1884