■ V^IiUME! XtiVII'
LAFAYETTE5, INDIANA,. THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1936
NIIBIBEKSS
0* F.
Appearing In Campus PuMicatidn “The Associated Press is the oldest and grreatest cooperative enterprise in the World, ■’ said jPoster B. Hailey, head of the Indiana Associated Press Bureau, last night in a talk before an open meeting of Sigma Delta Chi, national profession-' ftl journalistic fraternity, Going farther, he stated that the
purpose of the Associated Press was to tell all printable news as briefly as possible. Mr. Halley went on to explain how the Associated Press is organized arid how it is operated at the present time. The Associated Press was organized in 1907 by a group of middle-west-ern riewspapers, and now consists of 8^, domestic bureaus, employing 1600 staff men and 252 formgn
correspondents. Open Forum
Following the main talk an open forum was held in which Mr. Hailey told of the difficulties the Associated Press experienced in getting news from foreign countries, notably Germany. He told how the newspaper man of today was different from the newspaper man of several years ago. Today the newspapemian must be able to write articles Of scientific or technical nature, as well as stories of criine, and he attributed much of the increased interest in the advancement of science to this fact. He also explained the principles of the new wire-photo, and the use that is being made of it at the pres
ent time.
D. F. Mueller The meeting was called to order by V. R. Butz, president of Sigma Delta Chi. D. F, Mueller, freshman in the School of Chemical Engineering, was presented with a book, “Interpretations”, in recognition of the fact that his feature “Latest Trends in Aeronautical Design” was judged the best article to be printed in a cainpus publication for the period ending February first. A similar award will be made the latter part of March for the period from February first to the middle
of Marchi
W9XG Broademfs; To Widespread National Audienee University Television Station On Air Twice Weekly
By Betty Coit
Purdue University’s television station, W9XG has been broadcasting for over three years, yet it is more widely known abroad than on the campus. Originally backed by Gigsby Grunow until that company failed, it has beeri continued as experimental work by the University with Prof. R. H. George and Mr. H. J. Heim in charge. The station including both its sending arid receiving sets is valued at $100,000 but each broadcast costs only the
amount of electricity used.
Programs are broadcast each Tuesday at 7:30 to 8:30 p. m. and Thursday from 8 p. m. to 9 p. m., /from the brick building on the hill to the east of the stadium. Mr. Heim starts by giving station identification and program announcements. Universal News Reels afe used, although sometimes comedies are also transmitted. A standard reel is always broadcast to let receivers mark improvements. The station gets a good deal of “Tan” mail too, and encourages letters from outside receivers. The pictures have been seen as far as 1,200 miles, and the announcements have been heard all over the country,
from Texas to Maine.
Sending
The film is sent by means of an . ordinary moving picture projector adapted to television use; instead of a filin shutter a scanning disc is used, emitting 20 ffames (as the pictures are called) a second, the usual number for ordinary motion pictures being 24 per second. Sound is not broadcast with the film be-\ cause it requires an additional and expensive set; as it is being done by other stations it is nothing unusual. If sound were desired WBAA could broadcast simultaneously haying it synchronized with the film at W9XG. The receiving set consists of a short wave radio receive aad a cathode ray tube which corresponds (Continued on page 4)
On “What The Employer Expects Of The Gra^* This afternoon the third of the all-University emplojrment lectiires will be given in Eliza Fowler Hall, by A. G. Phillips, sales manager of the Allied Mills, Inc., Chicago, HI., at 4 o’clock, when he addresses the assembled group on “What the
Entries For Art Show Close Today ■ Entries for the Student Union art exhibit must be turned in to Ruth Anspach in the Union office by 6 p. m. today. The ten pieces of art judged best in the exhibit here will be submitted to the Big Ten art exhibit which is to be held in the Union Building of Iowa University from Ppril 27 to May 4. The selections from the local exhibit will be made by Miss Laurentza Schantz-Hansen, of the department of applied design, and M. L. Vallely, manager of the Union. Tyi>es of art work to be included in the exhibit are ojl, tempera, water color, pastels, graphics, sculpture, mural and architectural design and architectural sculpture, ceramics, and applied design.
Committee . Will Give Comp For Best Prom Plan Architectural aspirants, imaginative engineers and local artists are now being given a chance to capitalize upon their talents, according to an announcement yesterday by Lefty Martin, chairman of the Junior Prom committee. This year, as in the past, the committee will welcome any plans for decorations which might create an appropriate atmosphere for the Junior Prom. As an added inducement, one complimentary ticket will be awarded to the person submitting the best set of decorations.
Rules
A tiumber of rules have been decided upon, and must be followed if plans are to be eligible for the competition. Each set of decorations must be drawn up in intelligible fashion, and contain ideas for the following places: orchestra fronts, backdrop and ballroom walls, fraternity booths, and lighting fixtures. All plans must be submitted to the committee by March 6, and must contain an itemized list of all costs, excluding labor, and a list of all materials that will be needed.
Mildner, F euermanii T o
or
Will Hold Final Musicid Concert In Memorial
Gymnasium At 8 clock '
Poldi Mildner, nineteen year old piano virtuoso, aiid Emanuel Feuermapn, noted ’cellist, will play for the final all-Uni-versity musical convocation tonight at 8 o’clock in the Memorial Gymnasium. Miss Mildner is said to be one of the most outstanding pianists ever to tour the United States and
many critics acclaim Feuermann as the greatest ’cellist
of all time,
Poldi—short for Leopoldine —is now touring America for the fourth time; the first tour occurring when she was but 16. Her initial tour was a sensational success. She first appeared publicly at the age of 11, playing a Beeth-
oven sonata.
Poildi, was firtt systematically taught by her aunt in Vienna, her home. Later, after her unusual talents were noticed, many arguments ensued between the aunt and Herr Mildner as to whether Poldi should tour. However, it was finally decided in the young lady’s
favor.
Dorothy Hufford Takes Post As Cary Hall Food Manager Miss Dorothy Hufford, who has beeri conriected with the food department of the Purdue Memorial Union, recently took the position of foods manager at Cary Hall. Since her graduation from the Univepity in 1931, Miss Hufford has been employed as manager of the Chestnut roorri, and later as assistant to Miss Geneva Nugent, foods man nger at the Union Building;
Theta Tan Hears Captain Duell Speak At Meeting Another professional meeting was held last night by the Theta Tau fraternity at the local chapter house. Captain Clifford C. Duell, of the military department, was the guest speaker and other guests at tending included Captain Kay, Professor Chambers, Major Bryant and Professor Solberg.
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity announces the pledging of A. Johnstone, Oakland City,
Feuermann, who is an Austrian, also made his debut when he was only 11 years old with the Vienna Symphony orchestra under the direction of Felix Weirigartner. When 16 he was called to a pro fessorship at the Conservatory of Music in Cologne. From here he went to, head the cello department of the famous Berlin HochschUler for Music and remained there for two years when he became a po
litical exile.
The great ’cellist was invited to appear in New York last season with the Philharmonic Symphony Orchestra under Bruno Walter. This along with ensuing recitals established him firmly among
American concert-goers.
Phillips was formerly a member pf the University agricultural staff for many y^ars and headed the poultry department from 1910 to 1926. While in charge of this branch of agriculture, he developed orie of the strongest divisions in the country. He came here from the Kansas State Agricultural College after completing a graduate and teaching course at Cornell University, Ithica, New York. Work Outstanding His work here was very outstanding and through this recognition he was induced to enter the coritimercial field. He has risen steadily with the Allied Mills Company and his excellent work as the sales manager has placed him in the front rank among all sales executives. Having made good with vengeance in both educational and commercial fields, Phillips, who became one of the most popular and interesting speakers while on the campus, should have a worthwhile message for those who attend his lecture this afternoon.
American College Studeiits Vote To Curb Power Of Supreme Court
Changes In Constitu tion Not Un-American
Washington, D. C.—(AGP)—The power of the United States Supreme Court to invalidate legislation has reached socially damaging proportions, in the opinion of American college students, and should be curbed without delay. Revision of the constitution so as to check the power of the high court is favored by a majority of students, according to an Associated Collegiate Press survey just completed. Remedies Remedies ranging from increasing the number of Supreme Court justices by naming liberal appointees known to have kept pace with the times to giving congress the power to reiristate legislation thrown out by the court are suggested by college leaders. Strongly urging revision, The Ohio State Lantern commends a state law-maker: ‘^Usually conservative, ‘safe and sane’, Seriator Vic Donahey announced in Washington that he favors a revision of the constitution because he believes it has not kept pace with the times. A revision is necessary, he pointed out, ‘to provide additional guaran tees of health, safety and security for the pepple.’ Advises Change “We believe that is a significant statement and probably holds sig nificant results. It is indeed heartening to note that Sen. Donahey, who is usually classed in the conservative bloc in Congress, has
finally recognized need for change. His statem^t indicates quite clearly a trend away from the tradition-ally-held belief that the Constitution is a sacred document, one that much not be changed lest we gain the wrath of the gods, “There is even a new and more liberal attitude growing among the general public toward constitutional change. This is as it should be. The ironical fact is that for too long most of us have clung to the time-worn theory that to change the Constitution is plain heresy.
Ridiculous
“It is just as ridiculous for us to believe that we could write a Constitutiori in 1936 to govern the political, social, and economic attitudes of Americans in 2038 as is to believe that a group of individuals could be expected to draft a document in 1789 to fit the needs of Americank in 1936. Yet a cry for constitutional change has always been met with charges of ‘communism’ and ‘un-Americanism’. So we see an attempt to abolish child labor by constitutional change failing, not because Americans feel child labor should be allowed'to remain in our economic system, but principally because it suggests constitutional change.” Duquesne Votes To Curb Power Meanwhile, Duquesne University students, in response to a questionnaire, voted 66 per cent in favor of curbing the power of the Supreme Court. It is increasingly evident, said The Duquesne Duke, in com(Continued on page 4)
Textile Exhibit Put On Display Giiatemaleae Products May Be Seen In Home EcBuflding' Dr. H. E. Enders, head of the University biology department, and Prof. Amy Bloye, head of the University foods and nutrition department, have placed—an exhibit of textiles obtained from Guatemala in the junior clothing laboratory of the Home Economics Building. The exhibit shows handwoven ar ticles, which include the huiples or long strips of beautifully embroidered cotton material that are used by the women of the highlands as blouses, as well as other wbven strips used for belts and head bands. There is a tea cloth, several pictures, and two dolls dressed in the picturesque and colorful Guatemala costumes also on display. Geometric Originally the designs which are quite geometricically finished in black on course white cotton, and were wO'ven in symbols and on close observation, one may see designs of a conventional bird known as the Quetzal, which is revei-ed by all
natives.
There are also pictures on display that show how these primiti'V'e designs have inspired modern textile industries. Students in the advanced juriior clothing classes are now studying, modifying and adapting the designs to the decoration of children’s di'csses at the present
time.
YWCA To Present Co-eds
In Musical Concert
Tomorrow evening the University co-eds will give a musical concert under the auspices of the Y W. C. A. and direction of Jayne Bennewitz, in Eliza Fowler Hall at 7:45, This will be the first time that such a performance has. ever been given by co-eds, and all indications point toward a successful
hour of entertainment.
The program will include two piano solos by Mildred Rhodes and Sylvia Zussin, and a harp duo by Jayne Bennewitz and Louise Smith, also vocal solos will be given by “Ann Sims and the Friend 'Tido.
Former Exponent Editor Describes
Tennessee
(Editor’s Note—The following description of the south is taken from -a letter by E. L. Butz., editor of the Exponent in 1932-33, to his brother, y. R. Butz. 'The former is now wor&iiis: with the Federal Credit Administration and at the time the , jletter was written wns stying at the Hotel Hamby,
Dyersburg, Tennessee.)
I have just completed a very in-^ teresting week along the Mississippi, and have been associated with a type of farming entirely different from any I ever contacted before. Cotton is the chief .and almost only money crop here, with some corn, rjdsed in the bottom lands. Enough oats are sown in the early spring to feed the mules (in Straw) during the time they are working in the cotton crop, and outside of that, the farmers don’t do anything but stand around and talk the rest of the year. Of course, most of the land is farmed by tenants, both colored and white, and very few of the land o'wners live in the country. Consequently, the buildings are in a terrible state of repair; the houses, if indeed they may be called that—are almost uninhabitable; paint salesmen have never traveled through the territory; wire fencing is practically unknown and what livestock there is here runs free, and seems to come home to the correct house each nightmules, a bony cow or two, and three or four hogs to consume the garbage and provide a fat back of pork on the table next winter... That_. is the way the tenants live^the; landlords, of course, have a higher standard of living. The cotton south has always been like this, and I suppose its very nature is such that it will always be like that. The typical tenant is very little above an ariimal, whether he is white or black. He is almost so completely dependent upon his landlord for everything that he simply couldn’t make; a living for himself. This week in Ripley I spent some time wdth a man who has 2,200 acres of delta land along the river, and has some 35 tenant families living on the land. He spends practically his full time supervising the work of those families in the summer, and in seeing that they have something to eat in (Continued on page 4) ' ‘‘‘Carmita” To Feature “Pony” Chorus, Tangos Spanish dances and a chorus of 14 beauties will feature the Student Union Show“Carmita” which is to be presented in the Mars Theatre March 14. Union officials in charge‘of the production claim the show will rival the Ziegfeld pro-
ductions of Broadway.
The cast has been rehearsing six days a week, both afternoons and nights, since the cast was selected early this month. The “pony” chorus is under the direction of Betty Florer. The two Spanish dances .include a tango, “Tamborita”, and “Et Caballo”. Elizabeth Hayes and Francesco Trapaga, natives of Porto Rico, will present these num-
ers.
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING Alpha Xi Delta announces the pledging of Ruth Crone, Martinsville,
Douglas Rites Today Funeral services for Mrs. John Douglas, wife of the manager of the Purdue Farms, north of the agricultural campus, will be held this afternoon at 2:30 o'clock, at the Douglas residence. Mrs. Douglas passed away suddenly Tuesday afternoon following a fatal hcttct attack.
I
'.-‘i
‘''drdf^w'.fe^f; . , iSSliSSSSteMI
' ' _ . ",'^ Th°
li<!fr.Kv>v’’ j 't - - ■ * ■ 11 ■* ^-'-r—T—
PuKtoUE
Nij»»,.i||ilHiiiiii
ExuoWkVt;.;- . V ;: '' ■‘,v'''-.
iMiif
sUbK
®f)e ^ttrbttc exponent
Fotthded iii 1883
' .■.ie8&-l986., Member Associfeted Collegiate Press Distribntor of ! . COIXESGIAITB ©IGEST , ‘ :
Memb«r of Nstioiud CoUe»e Press Association, Bi» Tea ICdiforial AsssoiatieB Exclnsi’jely KeproBented by National AdvertWngr Service, Inc. 420 Madison A'v®"®®, New Tork City
Entered as second ela^ niatter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana, peliyered by mail, $8.60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year; sold by Single copy, 2 eenta.
Bosiness Phone 608$
MAIN OFFICE—$12 North Fifth Street
Elditoriid Phone 6087
Daily Stnd^t Publication of Purdue 'UniYersity
JEditor-in-Chief,. Managing Editor—«. Associate Editbra.......,^
Sports Editor.
KOl'TOBIAL STAFF
...M. T. HeoBer ..... ...-G. H- .Canipbell .... A. M. Ci^teen. C. M. Hardin, W. T. Hunt. SL H. Morris, M. G. Walther
B. Hays
Mull, IL BL Walpole/L. Di Wood ihomore Assistants ..^.......K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forester, C. Harper, Jr., R. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler, R. C. Schenk, J. L. von Haw Bold and Black Editor —.....—.——.—.....— —-...W. E. Abbott
d^ociate Sports Editors:™ — F.
Sophon
Bnsiness Manager.™..
BUSINESS STAFF
..W. A. Koch
Editor..^
WOMEN'S STAFF / ; Joyce Williams ™ " ■ Helen Creech, Edna Hutaon, Ellen Mann Sophomore Assistants. - .Jean Brown, Jean Soehner Marjorie Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, Elizabeth Pyke, Esther Turley
Thursday, February 20, 1936.
Issue Editor—”R» C. Scfeenck.
^ A
The Public Is The Goat After such private grievances as the Coughlin-O’Gonner brawl have been dragged through the press and over the air, it is no wonder that certain elements of the nation’s citizenry feel like throwing up the sponge and declaring everything useless. Coughlin, the radio-priest, has grouped everyone who carries a pocketbook into one class, and he has pronounced them tainted, cursed with the sin that infested the “moneychangers in the temple.” John O’Connor, New York representative, has aroused the Priest’s ire through his handling of the Frazier-Lemke farm inflation bill. Now comes a statement from O’Connor, threatening to “kick the Father down Pennsylvania Avenue.” Such public statements may be a salve to an individual’s soul, but fhey are surely flies in the public’s soup. When such prominent people as these two men make themselves public spectacles, they hurt only themselvesj and only make their positions seem asinine in the eyes of many. If this were a fair sample of public utterances from the pulpit or from a representative’s chair, we’d be more thankful for the engineering pro-
'i!ession. ■ ■ ■
... and besides, Mr. Representative, Pennsylvania Avenue is one and a half miles long!
^R^moved To Page Two George Bernard Shaw proclaimed by all that was holy that he would never enter this country again^ but once again he comes back. This time the story is a bit different—he is no longer a page one visitor but rather his insults have been shoved back a notch or two. His vigorous campaigns against everyone in general from the President of the nation to the lowest novelist have seldom been overlooked by the press. Someone has stolen G. B.’s thunder! He is, getting old and his insuitability is considerably stunted by the increasing years, but his age is not so much involved in the change as is the fact that America is becoming shockproof. His derogatory remarks seems like compliments compared with some of the country’s most potent editorial writers and speakers. It’s a good thing, George, you came over when you did, for if you’d have been just a bit later, no one would have heard
about your visit.
READERS’ OPINION TAe Expmient veleomes comments of good teste end reesoneble length from its readers. Typewritten armies ere preierred. All Answer To R. B. To the Editor: In yesterday’s Expoment editorial column there appeared a Reader’s Opinion headed, A New Sportsmamship and signed by the initials, R. B. In this article “R. B.” protests loud and long against having to stand up during a hoine basketball game. In referring to the Purdue Athletic Association selling more tickets than seats available, he says, “It is this unsportsmanlike attitude of the P. A. A. that allows a few hundred students to stand at each basketball game.” Suppose, for example, the P. A. A. should restrict their ticket sales to the capacity of the gymnasium. “R. B.” would be among the first to let out a mighty squawk if he couldn’t get a ticket book. The “few hundred” students that would necessarily be left out, would wail and complain to the high heavens. One can easily see that the P. A. A. cannot restrict the ticket bbok sales, and since no larger gymnasium is available, there is no other alternative than to be an “early-bird.” Until the proposed plans for the construction of a field-house materialize, the “few hundred” members of the student body who arrive late at basketball games, will just have to grin and bear it. Surely the P. A. A. will welcome suggestions from “R. B.” on how to remedy this unfortunate situation. —E. H. M.
“WINCH JUNIOR’^ takes charge again . . . hope you like it.
The author of this chooses to rcr main anonymous: Esppa Alpha - thetas are '. the: hl»t in the lafflii. Kappa Kappa Gammas are swell for any man, The Pi Beta Phis are a bunch of fine gals,And gepd/oM Alpha Chi, a gang of real pals, But these are not the only darlings that we laud to the sky, There’re those "cuties” on Littleton from Beta Theta Pi. I wonder if the May Queen can do anything about this weather ? Bunch should know—if he can remember thos'^days. Who is this Jerry Cleveland, Alpha Chi Freshman, who is stringing what well-known senior Mechanical—or is it vice-versa? After the “ten-round fight” in the cafeteria Monday, I guess Evangeline Speaker has taken Pierce bads into the folds again. Good old Speaker’—always hope-
ful.
Things we can do without: The “Duggan-Barnett” perpetual fights. Dave Dooley’s hair and beard. The Alpha Chi Annex—-K)r can we? . Carrie Vaughn. It seems that Pi Phis Wood and Temperley couldn’t see the “Mens” sign on that door in the Chemistry Building last week. You can’t dodge a man in a place like that, girls. I wonder if this, “On Politics’^ was meant for anyone in particular? , I’m not a politician Nor one of their darn tools But I simply cannot vision Their restraint l>y rules. Why not have a free-for-all With soap-box orators? And if they should miss their call Just brand them agitators. Then upon a box of good P&G A weary candidate could shout I’m through:—it’s Lux against me As far as this election goes I’m
out.
And there my dear readers we have “free-verse” in the raw.
(Editor’s Note: Today’s column IS perpetrated by Ann Hoagland, who is noted not only for her caustic satires, but also for the equally remarkable minutes she writ^ for the Scrivener club, of which she is secrptdry,;'filling; tbiis an 4onprdfole,i if not lucrative, position. Miss Hda'gland,; ’h/senior in' the^ BiCiehce: .school, is; Scheduled to escape ;from^ the clutches, of this University' iiext June, 'but gldomily predicts that sfid will be back here with the 'rest of the gang next year.)
My advice to my foolish contemporaries is to go out for fencing for the exercise, if not for the instructors or for the look of the thing, One does not enjoy the exercise, but the look of i;he thing is perfectly killing, and the instructors are perfectly killing, too.
To convince you—reading from left to right, we first point With pride to Captain Jack Silverman. The freshmen all think tb^t he’s smart and good-loOking — poor devil. Next there is the dignified Mr. Blocker, known to his better class of acquaintances and to the sporting world at large as Tanglefoot. We also have Mr. Green, Mr. Zuck, and Mr. McWilliams, gentlemen of tact and understanding-^ God bless them.
To turn to the prosaic side of life—there are three kinds of fencing, but our side of the fence is concerned only with foils. :
The customary equipment (this is a game that two can play, so double the quantity) consists of one foil, a small mattress worn strapped across the chest, one fly trap— not the right size-—to be worn backwards over the head, and one right-handed glove.
This last should be a bit awkward for left-handed fencers, but no matter. You may not look like Tweedledee when you get into this costume, but at any rate you will Tweedledum. Oh, yeah?
Ai^ Abortive Hangover
(Brown Daily .Herald) . A new semester has begun. This means among other things, that soon the faculty will begin marking quizzes again. In marking these quizzes and particularly the final ones the members of the faculty will doubtless take up their dubious habit of using plus (or minus) signs with customary letter. The plus sign is a sad situation. It is useless. Marks in the office have no signs of any sort appended to them. A “B plus” is recorded “B” in the office. Why then, mark the student’s paper with a plus? For his personal satisfaction? It gives no personal satisfaction to the student or anyone else. The student receiving a plus mark feels either that he has been robbed or that the instructor is trying to kid him. Yet this mathematical abracadabra continues. ISome students have each been known to receive a mark with not one but four plus signs added. We need not point out the absurdity of the set-up^ We do point out the need for something to be done.
Higher Edueatmn For U, So Women On Increase Washington, D. C.—(NSFA)— Women are favored in the United States, at least in the field of higheducatiom In January, 1936, there were 44 more institutions of higher education in; the country than there were one year before, and women have profited most from this increase. Of the new schools established, 21 are for women and 32 co-educational, while the number devoted to male education suffered a loss of 9. This includes colleges, universities, professional schools, teachers, colleges, normal schools and junior colleges, both negro and white. The total number in 1935 was 1,662 while there are now 1,706 in existence. Three new negro institutions were established, one private and two state, while one, Protestdntsponsored, was closed. All of the new ones are co-educational. Nine white s^ate-controlled and twelve Protestant-sponsored were closed during the year. One white citysponsored institution, 4g private, and 17 Roman Catholic-sponsored were established. There are 14 new colleges and universities for whites, seven for women and seven co-educational. Of these, nine are private, one state, i city and three Roman-Cath-olic. One Protestant college for whites was closed. Junior colleges suffered most, nine being closed. And professional schools registered the largest gain, 26 being added. (This summary is based on figures prepared by Ella B. Ratcliffe for the U. S. office of education, division of iiiger education.) ered so far.
The class always opens with exercises and a silent prayer—at least in the beginner’s section. After so much of this the neophytes go into their stance and exercise with foils. Ah, you have probably said aloud by now, foiled again! We fencers do not give up so to our weaker impulses. We shall not go into a detailed description of stance—we are somewhat touchy on the subject. (Yes, you can cry “Touche!” there, if you like, but we’re busy.) Suffice it to say that the closer one can come to falling flat on one’s back without actually sprawling on the floor, the better one’s stance is considered to be. Personally, our ambitions do not run very highly along this line.
As fof the actual fencing—there is nothing to it. All you have to do is stab your opponent in the chest ■mere child’s play, I can assure you.
. PAUL A. MSK ROBERT G. RISK HAROLD J. RISK LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldar. Phone 8791 Comeir 4th and Main :
DEAC HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISN^E
ABC . FRIDAY - S
uxid HOOT GIBSON in “Clearing the Range” also: “Adventures 'of , Rex and Rinty” MIDNIGHT SHOW SATURDAY
E WHO IS HE? In every school there are many different types of instructors, who call themselves “professors”, and wlio dqrive a sort of maligiiant de^ light from holding you up' to ridicule every tinie they catch you in orror. Yot the gdod/old boy, bless his heart, has a personality that makes his students fall for hini— hook, line, and sinker, in spite of the fact that he takes up most every class period prattling about ■various, disconnected, and sequential things that are in ho way related to the subject that he is supposed to be teaching. Who is he that the students amuse themselves in his classroom by compiling elaborate statistics which show just how many times he uses each of his hackneyed expressions or tells one of his pointless jokes that sets the occupants of the room in an uproar ? Who is he that, at each class meeting, crackles over some dried pet theory with the same display of pride and pert status as the pullet that finally has managed to lay her first egg? Who. is he that has so long been connected with that profession that he has lost all contact with things outside the academic realm? We often call him the real “old mosshacked professor”. Books of him are life, instead of about life; consequently he has seeped into the mustiness of old forgotten pages that bookworms vie with the moths in attacking his winter flannels. Who is he that immediately upon entering the classroom arouses the antagonism of every student by a pompous show of superiority even though we know it might be justified ? What he thinks of is his chest that he swells out as the thought of his own importance for he know:s that he knows what he KNOWS. Who is he to cut off the statement that you begin to make and shows where you are wrong before you have had a chance to explain, merely because you are a student and are supposed to be dumb? Opposition to his convictions is evidence to him that you are only an ignorant fool, which you may be, although you hate to be told. Who is he that if you follow his beliefs and you are weak, subservient, and without enough hackbone to stand up for what you believe is
right ? After an hour of his dictactism hnd you have the same sort 6f jitters that you get by scratching an old riisty pipe with your fingerWho is cheerful and alert with a refreshing bouancy about him that stimulates your mind to a greater \ ■' activity ? | If young, he speaks with a crisp invigorating voice, though sometimes it is bluntly frank and tinged with irony. If; older, he speaks more mellow; yet richly and without youthful edge, although he retains the ability to see your point of view in all circumstances. In either case, contact with him opens you to more and wider vistas of thought. Here you fipd tlmt ex^angihg of ideas with him has more vhlue for you, and there is that about him that makes you feel he is genuine• /' :.;::■ -Claude'-Harper, ■ Jr.
Learn the Late Dahees. , By EnrolUngr in Onr New Adult Ballrcioiii Class Friday, Pefa. 21, 7:00 p. m. New Ballrpoin Dances Truckih, Hesitation. Woltz Slow Rhythm Pox Trot P. M. Alien, Instructor Jane Allen, Assistant Phone 2150
ALLEN’S
6th & Ferry
From shost to gkost— ....it's bound to be the (unniest picture of the laugh season I a _ , .■ Metfo-Goldwyn-Mayer prewnts ClAUOt AlllSTEfl BERVl MERCER CECEUA PARKER/'-^ CHAS. MAUGHTON/ PI»S COMEDY
NEWS
CTO'a MUSu tswsto
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
\l
Be a uf Iff Spieiid@rl Dazzllsif Damseisi
TODAY - FRIDAY - SATURDAY
PLUS CARTOON
Paramount News
It's «ll
thriliing and fomanliet
Herbert Jean MARSHALL ARTHflR with LEO CARRILLO A story with situations . . . and surprises!
CSSf TODAY - FRIDAY - SATURDAY
PLUS .“PERFECT 36’s”. Musical Revue “COLLEGE CAPEr4” MUpCAL-ACr '■
Faniily TODAY - FRIDAY - SATURDAYI
I If V ti f/St,
Takes Bepe 3,500 Dix, Kem, Steelmaii^ Markey Win Initial Bouts Of Evening Steve Bacharach, freshman in the school of engineering and hailing from New York City, was the sole survivor of the five-man Purdue team entered in the city Golden Gloves boxing tournament, held at the / Lafayette Armory last night before a crowd of 8600. Fighting in the 160 pound division Bacharach knocked out Wade Stephens, Ambia in the first round. Stephens was down twice for the count before Steve floored him with a short right to the jaw. In the final match Bacharack won a decision over Virgil Stephens, brother of Wade. Virgil had gone to the finals by virtue of a knockout over Ned Goodwin, Frankfort, in the first round. Both boys seemed to feel the effects of their previous fights and the rounds lacked the fire of their first fights. Bacharach Shows Ability Bacharach showed himself an able boxer and delivered heavy punches apparently at his own convenience. Emmett Markey, freshman forestry student from East Chicago, won his first match in the 112 pound class getting the decision over Floyd Robinson. The fight was one of the best on the evening's card. In the final round Ray Brown, Lafayette, knocked out Markey in the second. Markey was unable to handle his opponent close in, lacking weight behind his punches. Steelman In the 118 pound class Mel Steelman, sophomore in the school of Electrical Engineering from Dan^ ville, knocked out Ronald Dibley, Lafayette, in the first round. Steelman, apparently getting the worst of things crossed with his right and then felled Dibley with a short left punch. Steelman lost to Carl Kern, Crawfordsville, by a technical knockout in the third round. Steelman was ready to continue the fight but Coach Maxwell tossed in the towel to prevent him receiving further injuries.
Follow Arrow and you follow the style
GOT apECro-Gnard Guy Mercer, Northwestern’s wily guard, will provide one of the Wildcat’s major threats with his accurate shooting and clever floor play in their second tilt against tpie Boilermakers on Saturday.
Nettrifeii liitMe NU ' ^ Saturday Wildcats Hope To Mac Slate Of Big Ten Leaders In Patton Gym Entrenched again in their home hardwood fortress, the Northwest em Wildcat crew is certain to be out for blood Saturday night to avenge their defeat at the hands of Coach Piggy Lambert’s conference leaders last Saturday on the Jeff high school court. A second victory over the Evanston team would greatly bolster Purdue’s po sition at the top Of the Big Ten ranking. The powerful defensive play of the Wildcats last week threw the worst scare of the season into Boilermaker fans, the comparatively narrow victory of four points being the closest conference game, except for the Iowa tilt, that the Gold and Black have encounted so far.
m new,w9de"| ..llspraad sol8ur®inAii-B'®wSMrts,§ii ^'“'iSira axalsDsivo pattepsss—efflBsdy||i >8trlp)ss SOS caSairsd @i’®uads.||: iSanifaB-Sksd-shrimk
•Only Arrow Shirts have Arrow Collars
We carry a full line of Arrow Shirts. SOUTHWORTH’S
We carry an excellent selection of fine Arrow SMrts HEWENTEIM’S 416 Main...Lafayette
Gerald Dix, freshman in the school of engineering from Sullivan was K. O’d by Johnny Burks, Monon, in the second round of the 135 pound semi-finals. Carl Mann, freshman in the school of Physical Education from West Lafayette, lost to Lester Douglas, Crawfordsville, by a decision in the 126 pound semi-finals bout. Joe Giovanni, junior in the school of Civil Engineering, White Plains, New York, was to have fought in the 'semi-finals of the 160 pound class but was unable to fight due to a broken hand suffered in the bout which he won last Week.
SPURTS
IN
SPORTS
Freshman Squad To Provide Opener For Minnesota Tilt Preceding next Monday’s important game against Minnesota, Coach Dutch Fehring’s promising Freshman squad will treat early comers with another fast, exciting game. The squad -will be divided into two different teams than those which played last week-end in order to give the squad experience in playing with different men. Acting captains for this game will be Anderson and Gutting. Leading scorer in last Saturday’s tilt was Dude Zink, who hails from Monticello, with six field goals and one free throw to his credit. Dale Hutt, of Indianapolis, and Ernie Miller of Rochester were runners up with three field goals and one free throw apiece, and were closely followed by Mascari, Vergane, Ver non. Gutting, Swan and Anderson— that order. The teams were changed often during the game so that every man had his chance to :ore. There will.,be no practice fpr the freshmen squad tonight because of preparation for the convocation but the squad will complete practice for Monday’s engagement tomorrow night.
formula for charm is to wear flowers on |every
occasion.
Let us help you select a corsage for
h
er
Clark 527 Main St. Phone 5432.
By H. A. H. Just about as soon as. the weather man lets us up, we’ll see the 1936 football team strutting its stuff. . Several other universities have started indoor practice already. . . . Guess that December and January are the only two months of the year in which football is not played in college. . . . The ground still looks pretty hard to me.
—ss—
Well, it looks as if the fencing team is out of the running for the year. After losing three Big Ten matches, it’s practically impossible to end up near the top . . . although we might have come closer to winning that last meet if Seaborg, Purdue sabre star, hadn’t developed a boil on his arm which prevented him from taking part in the competition. . . Well, we’ll have a better, more experienced team next year . . . the co-eds seem to be doing all right and the frosh are coming right along, having their fight for numerals after March 14.
—ss—
Abolition of the “slow whistle”, permission for either team to advance a blocked punt, and penalties for ineligible pass receivers running beyond where the pass is to be received. . . . These were the three major rule changes on record Friday by the National Rules Committee, following a three-day session behind closed doors.
—ss—
With their last examinations completed, the members of the Wisconsin basketball team are now slated to resume their intensive practice. With no chance at the championship, the Badgers are having strenuous workouts anyway. Although complete returns are not in yet. Coach Foster believes that all of his varsity men came safely through their exams.
—ss—
It costs approximately thirty-five dollars to put one of our men on the floor with a basketball in his hands. . . . Multiply that by the number of men on the team, add the cleaning bills and then you’ll have an idea of how much it costs to outfit a team.
P/}UL"pAr"MALflSK/l
GtfA/?D
The defensive play of both teams was the dominating feature of last Saturday’s battle, especially during the first half. Instrumental in the defensive play of the Boilermakers was the fine work of Red Lambert, who has developed into one of the sturdiest and most dependable members of the squad. Lambert has shown a marked improvement over his form of last season and has become a regular starter at Ijis guard position. Coach “Piggy” Lambert will be banking heavily on Red to prevent a prolonged repetition of Northwestern’s near-successful rally in the closing minutes of their
first game.
In addition to a stout defense, the Boilermakers must necessarily polish their scoring techrjique in order to overcome the effectiveness of the Wildcat long range artists. Capt. Bob Kessler, successor to Norm Cottom at one of the forward positions on last year’s All-American selections, is being backed heavily to overtake Bill Haarlow of Chicago in the individual scoring race, as well as acting as the main spring in the Purdue scoring attack. Kessler is only two points behind the leader and has played in one less game. His average for eighj; games is twelve and one half points, while Haarlow’s average is just slightly over eleven points per contest.
Co-eds Meet To Biscuss Easkelbsdl Rules University co-eds who are interested in securing a basketball official rating will hold a meeting at 6 o’clock today in Miss Brady’s office in the ^Women’s Gym, to discuss women’s basketball rules. A meetinjg was held yesterday by this group for discussion. This is the first time Purdue has attempted to form such a board, and it is hoped that it will be successful for many other colleges have had groups recognized by the National Official Board. > As a result of the lack of such a board at the University, the co-eds have been using men’s rules to a great extent.
LYLE E. FISHER Watclliiiaker This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite New Post Office
AAA
ADVERTISING
ALWAYS
ADVISABLE
Is It Constitutional?
Men of [brains, and many others, have argufied from sun-up to sumdown over the legality of the National A. A. A.... but no one denies the fact that advertising is always advisable . , . and it is also a fact, beyond the shadow of a doubt, that the students of Purdue read The Exponent.
sR®,
,4V’For Real—Good single room. Board available. 432 N. Grant.
-Businws and PcofeBaional Speech. Prof. Lull. 11:66—Purdue News Plashes. 12:00—Music. 12:16—Orval Wray’s Orchestra. 12:80—^Von and Rex Gallion. 12:46—Civic Agencies. 1- 00—Musical Memories 1:15—^Howard Keenan, pianist 1:80—^Treasure Chest. 1,46—Final Markets. 2:00—^Home Economics. Margaret Beeman 2:16—^English Literature 2- 80—Don Bowden, tenor. 2 ;46—^Music by the W. P. A.
Try Chamberlin’s delicious specials for this week—White House, Cherry, and Vanila.
Lost—^Brown Leather Note Book in Union. Call 71793 if found. Beard.
Lost — Green Parker fountain pen. Black tips minus clip. Lost
Saturday or Sunday. Reward, 7026.
Murray.
NOTICES No notices aec^ted after 8 p. m.
W#XG “BROADCASTS”— (Continued from page 1) very roughly to a loud speaker, Cathode ray tubes for this set were invented by Prof. George, of the electrical engineering school, and is the most modern receiving apparatus. The antenna is a vertical tower set up on insulators a few yai’ds from the station. Poweris supplied in the form of alternating current and changed to direct current by means of mercury vapor lectifieis. “Lines”
Fraternity Athletic Bdanagers—^Have your relay teams work out afternoons on the gym track. There will be a man there with a stop watch and batons for you —HAMILTON
Christian Science—Meeting of the Christian Science organization today at 7.16 in the peasant room of the Union —DRISCOLL
Descriptive Geometry—^Exams for the removal of conditions and incompletes will be held Saturday, February 22, from 1-4, Arrangements should be made with me not later than today —PORSCH
Co-ed Basketball—All co-eds interested in securing a basketball official rating please meet at 6 today for rules and dis, cussion —BRADY
Co-ed Fencing—^No fencing tonight —HADLEY
Ward Managers—Please turn class basketball entry blanks in today
—KNEPPLE
B”
Sigma Delta Psi—Tryouts in gym at 4 —McCORMICK
-Basketball practice today at 4 —CHARLES
Mortar Board—Meeting tonight at 6 W S G A office —LUSTIG
Knitting Clnbbecause of convo
-No
meeting this week —KUEHN.
sume it, throve through the hole in the floor again, and an OIL on and on. That may sound a bit incred’tble, but I saw it. Last week in Camden I was talking with the Hoipe Agent in charge of the resettlement work in the county, and she told me of a case where the family had the family pig tied to a post under the house with a small rope attached to a rear leg. That is where the pig spent its life, simply because the farmer didn’t have the ambition to cut a few poles and build a pen, and because the wife didn’t have ambition to walk to the pen to feed the pig. The human species is a most interesting creature, and I enjoy seeing him in his various habitats.
Con espondmg to the screen of a newspaper photogi-aph are the “lines” in the television screen. Although it has been developed to 300 lines per frame at other places, W9XG uses only 60 lines, because it has a larger ladius it interferes with too many stations. Though naturally the gi eater the number of lines the dealer is the picture. The object of the experiments is to simplify and improve both sending and receiving television. In ordinary transmission at this station now, there are but three major adjustments necessary. i egulating the carrier level (or the position of the frame), the light intensity, and the power output
Discussion Group—No meeting this week but the discussion of philosophy will be continued next week —KUEHN.
Union Chorus 2—Meet at 4 in ballroom —CLARK
Camera Club—^No meeting this week Punt ciiticism next week —SCHOLER
Chorus 1—Meeting in tower room at 4 —ANSPACH
Union Workers—Oui committees wi meet at 4 in sub-basement —JUMP PUGH
-No meeting tonight —BLOCKER
P I A Orchestra—Rehearsal tonight at 6.30 m tower room •—^DAY
Dr. RobertsoD To Speak To YWCA Opea Meeting
Dr. C H. Rebel tson will be the speaker at the open Y. W. C. A. meeting to be held today at 4 o’clock in the Faculty Lounge of the Memorial Union Building. The subject of his talk will be “Physical, Spiiitual and Mental Adven tuies in the Orient”. Dr. Robertson, who was a missionary in the Orient for several years, is quite familiar with the habits and customs of these people Tea will be seived aftei the meeting. This pioject is in charge of Mildred Mills, chairman of the piogiam committee, and Martha Cassell, chan man of the social committee, with Maltha Wood responsible for the music.
Pres. Elliott To Speak To Fort Wayne Alrnnni
President Edward C. Elliott will leave today to attend the Ft. Wayne Purdue Alumni Association banquet wheie he will be the principal speaker. Among the honored guests at the banquet will be the members of the University Thieshing Crew, who are broadcasting over radio station WO WO in Ft. Wayne. Pres. Elliott will then leave to attend eonfeiences of several educational activities gioups m St Louis,
Mo.
Co-ed Volleyball Aspirants To Get Last'Chance Friday Friday afternoon at 4 o’clock the last piactice for applicants for the class volleyball teams will be held in the girl’s gym. The practice will be in charge of Maiian Russell and Jeanette Scudder. All coeds who have participated in one mtiamural volleyball game aie eligible to tryout for the class teams. 400 W. A. A. participation points and class numerals will be awarded to those coeds making the teams. Virginia Blank has been chosen freshman managei while the other managers are to be elected Friday afternoon. There are still two practice periods left giving plenty of time for all interested to tryout. Practice is held at four each after-
noon.
FORMER EXPONENT— (Continued from page 1) the winter months. They operate on a 50-50 basis, but the tenants are piactically always in debt to him. He maintains his own schools on the place for the negio children, and has a commissary from which he issues each family food and clothing as they need it. In the spring he has to provide all the seed, etc., inasmuch as whatever money the tenant got from last year’s crop is gone almost as soon as he gets it for satisfaction of last year’s debts. These people aie always one year behind—^if they do have an extra dollar, they spend it
foolishly.
The Cotton South Well, that IS the south—the cotton south. It has its good points and its bad. I like to work with its land-owning people, but if I had to spend much time working with some of those tenants I have met, I’d soon go nuts. I spent two days in Memphis, and like the town very much. It IS sort of the Cross-ioads of the middle south. This afternoon I drove west from here some 15 miles to the river, inasmuch as I wanted to see some of the flat, bottom land along the river. I suppose the river is about one mile wide here. It is up fairly high now, but not nearly as high as it will get later in the spring, when some of your snow melts m a hurry. All of the land about 12 miles back from the river floods each spring, and of couise that makes it very fertile soil, and it grows quite large cotton plants, producing a bale or better per acre, which is a good yield. That land will never be depleted of its fertility, thanks to the soil destroying piactices of farmers at the headwaters of the river. This territory is thickly populated, even though it floods each spring, because cotton requires lots of hand labor. The houses are all one or two room affairs, setting up on stilts anywhere from three to SIX or eight feet high. When the flood waters come, some of the families move out, and others continue to live in their houses, but try to move the mule and pig to higher land somewhere until the watey abates. Was walking this afternoo^ to see a man who lives on about 60 acres right on the river bank which IS sufficiently high that it doesn’t flood, and he says that each spring for about a month he has to take a row boat down the highway sever al miles if he wants to leave the farm. —but they enjoy it, for they never knew anything better.
Pig Pens
Some farmers use the space under their houses as a shed to house what crude farming implements they use, but others of them build a crude fence around the “stilts” and keep a pig or two in there. It is an ingenious scheme, for you see they can just throw the refuse from the table, etc., through a hole in the floor, remake it into pork, bring it into the house again, con-
AMERICAN COLLEGE— (Continued from page 1) mentmg editorially on this vote, that the interest of college students is steadily swinging from the frivolous to matters of national con-
cern-
“In Mr. Justice Roberts’ opinion, in which five other justices concurred,” says the Union College Concordionsis, “the Supreme Court has one duty when the constitutional ity of a law is questioned: ‘to lay the article of the Constitution that is invoked beside the statue which challenged and to decide whether the latter squares with the former.’ Yet this very duty is not granted to the court by the Constitution. It is a precedent, and ‘unwritten law’, begun by one man and continued with the help of luck and circumstance until it has acquired an axiomatic prestige “We have the logically strange picture of an austere, impartial court, examining laws in the light of an abstract Justice, which does not authorize such examination. The obvious question is: where does the power lie? In the Constitution, as the court proclaims; 01 in the persons of the court who define the Constitution in practice? . The fundamental concepts of democracy . . . are really only petrified piejudices, opinions of men as fallible as ourselves.”
KEYS Keys for tranks, door locks, desk locks, nisrht latches and padlocks. Auto keys and handle locks a specialty F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
SPOT SANDWICH SHOP Food you like and as you like it. Popular Prices
PLUMBING AND HEATING Lane-Pyke-Werkhoff Company Phone 3882
DR.
A, M, IRION
Dentist
Kron Flats State and Main Phone 496S
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Maim St.
if a Sandwich a Drink then a CHOP STEAK 10c at the Triple XXX ROOT BEER (free matches)
Conyrlght 1936, Xhe American Tbhacoo Company
LIGHT SMOKE
OF RICH. RIPE-BODIED TOBACCO
Luckies are less acid. One of the chief contributions of the Research Department in the development of A LIGHT SMOKE is the private Lucky Strike process, “IT®S TOASTED.” This preheating process Ett higher temperatures consists of four main
stages, which involve carefully controlled temperature gradations. Quantities of undesirable constituents are removed. In effect, then,^ this method of preheating at higher temperatures constitutes a completion or fulfillment of the curing and aging processes.
lesh sttW
other popwlttt fefofods tin of acidity ovot tocky 5tr»l(iB of fiom 53^ to toot
Excess of Acidity of Other Popular Brands Over Lucky Strike Cigarettes 3 . . S
BAIANCE I I LUCKY STRIKE I
I BRAND B
eBESUL'IS VERIFIED DV INDEPENDENT CHEMICAL LABORATORIES AND RESEARCH RROUPS
-ITS TOASTED
u
Your tbroot protection-against irritotlon -against cough
Exponent Advertisers are Reliable Local Merchants