%
't J
dhc Purdut TSxpanent
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University.
VOLUME XLVUI
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, THURSDAY, APRIL, 15, 1937
NUMBER m
MacMurray Band To Play At Post-Prom
Saturday night’s mixer will feature the “California Collegians,” the dance orchestra formerly led by actor Fred MacMurray, and the band seen with him in hi^ recent picture, “Champagne Waltz.” They are coming here direct from the Chicago Theatre, where they have been filling an engagement since the completion of the picture. The hours for this post-Prom mixer are from 9 till 12 o’clock and the admission price will be one dollar as at other mixers.
Hall To Give
Marital Talk
Prof. O. F. Hall, of the education department, will speak on “Some 'Timely Sociological Aspects Of Marriage” for the first in the sixth annual marital lecture series for seniors today at 4 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall. Open Discussion Practical problems facing those entering ^married life will be discussed by Professor Hall in a 30 minute talk, after which any questions that the seniors may have will be answered. The first three marital lectures in the series will be open to both senior men and women. The last two lectures will be for senior men only. Prof. J. A. Estey, head of the history and economics department, will speak on “Some Economic Aspects Of Married Life” at the second marital lecture next week. Start Of Lectures The present marital lectures were started five years ago by a group of senior men who asked the Uni' versity president to inaugurate a series of ten lectures. Earl Butz, editor of the Exponent at that time, acted as chairman of the committee,
C. O. Partlow, who has been con nected with the Getz Exterminator Co., of St. Louis and Kansas City, since his graduation from the Purdue University school of agricul ture m 1936 with a major in entomology, has established an insect control service in Indianapolis under the name of Entomological Service Co., with headquarters in the Archi tects and Builders Building, according to woid received here.
U
30
ff
By Hugh Morris
WB AATo Broadcast
Highlights Of Gala Week Program
April 15, 1937 FROM the University of Colorado comes today’s drama. It is entitled “Bridge.” North—I bid one heart. East—I bid one spade. South—Two spades. West—Bye. North—Three hearts. East—'Three spades. South—Four hearts. West—Bye. North—Five hearts. East —Five spades. South—Six hearts. West—Bye. North—Seven hearts. East—Seven spades. South—^Double. West—Bye. North—Bye. East—^Redouble. South—All right. West, you’re dummy. Lay down your hand. West—Er ... there must be some mistake ... I don’t have any cards. —30— THERE is a professor at the University of Texas who locks the classroom door when the tardy bell rings and permits no late arrivers to enter. One morning recently he promised the students an exam, so they all came early—^but it so happened that the professor was late ... so one of the students locked the door, and sat down. The whole class waited until the time limit expired, then walked quietly from the room, completely ignoring the fuming facultyman who stood gesticulating by the door . . .
WBAA, University radio station, will broadcast the most important events of the Gala Week Program, beginning in the afternoon of Friday, April 30, and continuing over Saturday and Sunday, May 1 and2. The initial broadcast will be that of the Indiana-Purdue baseball contest at 4 p. m. Friday, April 30. The other events to be broadcast are as follows: Saturday, May 1 Field House Corner Stone Laying with national and state officials participating. Annual football game ending the spring practice—^Varsity vs. Frosh. The President’s Banquet, held in appreciation of Dr. E. C. Elliott’s 15 years of loyal service to the University. Observance of Founder’s Day, including a program by Purdue’s Concert Choir. Sunday, May 2 Loyalty Luncheon. Exercises honoring oldest living graduates. Commemorative program honoring the classes of ’87, ’92; ’97, ’02, ’07, and ’12. Presentation of Loyalty Certificates. Traditional Class Parade. Starting from the west entrance of the Union Building to the Oval. Review of Faculty-Senior Academic Procession. Raising of 1937 class flag. Baccalaureate Services. Purdue Band Concert, to be held in front of Eliza Fowler Hall, immediately following Baccalaureate, indoors in case' of rain.
Chemicals Plan
Inspection Trips
Juniors in the chemical engineering school will be split into two divisions for an inspection tour of various chemical companies commencing Sunday. One group will journey to New York, to be gone about a week, while the other group will go to Chicago, returning Thursday evening. The section to go to New York will visit several plants during the week, among them the Grasselli Company, and Industrial Rayon Co., at Cleveland, 0.; Agcheson Graphite Co., the Electrochemical Co., and the Carborundum Co., at Niagara Falls; the Eastman Kodak Co., at Rochester, and the National Sugar Refineries and Bell Telephone Co., at New York. They will also spend a day sight seeing at Bloomington, Del., and visiting the DuPont Co Chicago Trip The schedule for the section traveling to Chicago^has not been completed yet, although it has definitely been decided to visit the SherwinWilliams Paint Co., and the United States Steel Co. This group will also journey to Cleveland next fall in order to have an inspection schedule equal to the one of the other group.
500 Attend Orchestral
And Vocal Concert In
Fowler Hall Last Night An audience of about 500 attended the combined concert pres ented by the University Orchestira, Concert Choir, Women’s Glee Club, and Men’s Glee Club last night at 8 in Eliza Fowler Hall. Orchestra Opens Program The University Orchestra opened the program, playing three selec tions. The Women’s Glee Club, fea tunng, Arsene Summers as alto soloist, then sang several varied selections. The Concert Choir, were next with four songs. Morey J. Doyle, pianist, displayed his skill by playing “Rigoletto Paraphrase” by Verdi-Lutz, and was called back for an encore.
Gold, Black Aces Play For Annual Police Ball The annual benefit ball of the Lafayette police departoient waa held last night in the Lafayette Armory. The Gold and Black Aces, cam pus orchestra, played for the affair featuring special program numbers. A grand prize was awarded at 1X:30 p. m.
Mrs. G.A.YoungSuccumbsToHeart Attack
Mrs. Burdella Keith Young, died yesterday morning at 10:50 o’clock at the family residence, 739 Owen street, from a severe, unexpected heart attack suffered Tuesday morning. She was tho’wife of-Prof. Gilbert A. Young, head of the school of mechanical engineering, and one of the most prominent women in Lafayette and West Lafayette. Purdue University has taken a great deal of her time in the past as she was a former president of the University Women’s Club, and was a very active alumnae of the Alpha Xi Delta sorority. Surviving Relatives Surviving her are her husband, a son, Ronald Keith Young, of De-
troit, Mich., and a sister, Mrs. Alice Rowe, of Brookings, S. Dak. Mrs. Young was the daughter of Charles and Jane Keith, natives of Scotland. She was bom July 2, 1872, in Arcadia, Wis., but as a small child moved to Volga, S. Dak., and later to Brookings, in the same state. She taught school for several years after graduating from Sotrth Dakota State College ip 1892. Funeral Probably Friday Funeral services will be held later this week, probably Friday. The place of burial has not yet been determined. Friends of both Prof, and Mrs. G. A. Young may call at the family residence anytime after noon today.
Sockmari Will Talk At Convo
“New Horizons” will be the subject of the address to be given by Dr. Ralph W. Sockman, pastor of the Christ Church in New York City, at the last religious convocation of the year, which will be held next Sunday morning at 10:30 in Eliza Fowler Hall. The speaker is one of the foremost clergymen in the country holding many degrees from numerous higher educational institutions. He has been active in the religious field for over 25 years and is noted for his brilliant presentation of problems confronting people of this modern age.
Delta Upsilon
Delta Upsilon fraternity announces the initiation of J. D. Crawford, Indianapolis; H. R. Ginger, Fort Wayne; R. A. Fanning, Middletown, 0.; P. D. Freeman, South Bend; W. F. Geoi^ge, Maywood, 111.; A. M. Juska, Chicago, 111.; R. M. Keen, Indianapolis; R. J. G. Maurer, Lakewood, O.; F. K. Schleicher, Belleville, N. J.; S. R. Schleicher, East Orange, N. J.; and R. W. Thornburg, Syracuse.
C. A, Ellis To Address Architects In First Of Cement Lecture Series
Prof. C. A. Ellis, of the civil engineering school, will adress a group of architects and engineers Friday evening at the Claypool Hotel, Indianapolis, on “Continuity In Concrete Construction.” This will be the first of a series of six lectures to be given on subsequent Friday evenings, under the auspices of the Portland Cement Association.
0. W. Ford To Speak On WBAA Farm Program
The tenth broadcast in the farm radio program of station WBAA will be aired from 12 to 12:15 o'clock on Friday. The first talk, “What The Fertilizer Tag Can Mean To Farmers,” will be given by O. W. Ford, of the department of agricultural chemistry. Prof. R. B. Hull, of the agricultural extension division horticultural department, will be the second speaker. His subject will be “Home Beautification.” The entire series of programs, which are broadcast each Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, originate in the Agricultural Experiment Station Building.
Dwightf Milhurn, Shoemaker Present Tnk-Blotted Cords’
By Hugh Forster
“Ink-blotted Cords,” a brilliant mystery comedy drama in three spontaneous acts, starring Wes Dwight, Rosie Milburn, Chuck Cole, and Art West, was presented before an enthusiastic capacity crowd in the grill room 4pf the Union yesterday noon.
The play, also known as “Cords . revolved about a dry-cleaning problem. Cole and West, co-villains (?) in the plot filched Dwight’s filthy cords and sent them to the cleaners. Dwight intercepted the cords, thinking he had the last labgh. Cole and West counter-intercepted a pair of cords and sent them on to the clean-
Cords . . . Who Has The Cords,”
The grill room scene was set for Miss Milburn, the romantic interest, to present the renovated pants to Dwight. Surprisingly, he appeared wearing a pair of filthy cords and
BULLETIN ! Late yesterday afternoon “Prexy” Shoiemaker issued an unsolicited statement in the Sjveet Shoppe in rebuttal to a group razzing him about his clean cords. “I have nothing to hide,” Shoemaker stated. Promptly replied Chuck Cole “Then why did you want those clean cords?”
a sign reading “What The Well Dressed Senior IS Wearing.” The presentation of the cleaned cords was made; then the fun began. Fun Begins Dwight: Those aren’t my cords. I have mine on. Milburn: They are too, I remember this ink blot. Dwight: It seems your memory 'is pretty good these days. Ohaver: You ought to know Dwight, you’ve been with her often enough lately. Cole: They are your cords. I swiped them out of your car yester day, where you had them hid after taking them away from the cleaner
Exponent Awarded First Class Rating
Judges rating college and university newspapers for the Associated Collegiate Press critical service awarded the Exponent First Class Honor Rating recently in a competition which included 355 periodicals.
The rating places the Exponent among the first ten college dailies. Only four daily papers were rated higher; of these, three were Big Ten publications. This year a new rating has been established; that of “Pacemaker.” This rating was given to seven collegiate publications that the judges considered of highest excellence.
Cattlemen To
Convene Here
High cattle and feed prices and economical feeding of livestock will be some of the many problems to be discussed by the Indiana cattlemen and sheepmen at their annual spring meeting at the University tomorrow. Expierimental Feeding Reports of experimental feeding of 250 head of sheep and 70 head of cattle will be given at the morning meeting which begins at 10:30. The cattle experiments are on feeding molasses, self-fed, apd hand-fed in various quantities with and without roughage. Sheep feeding with relation to various kinds of protein and mineral feeds are the principal problems in the sheep experiments. At the afternoon session, T. M. Simpson of the Swift Packing Company and Paul Garland from the Ohio agriculture experiment station will address the livestocknien.
Union Sophomores Must Petition By April 24
All sophomore Union workers must turn in signed petitions to Walt Scholer by April 24, according to aimouncement made by the Student Union executive yesterday. All sophomores must turn these in in order to be eligible for the Union elections.
Petition blanks are now available in the Student Union office for all those workers desiring them.
300 CaU For Prom Tickets
And Programs
Approximately 300 Prom-goers had called for their tickets and programs op until last night, according to T. W. Graham, chairman of the Prom committee. He said further that all students who are to receive complimentary tickets may obtain them from W. A. Bodden at the Executive Building. The Union workers are now busy putting up the decorations and the scenery is rapidly taking form. Canopies Both the east and the west entrances will be covered with canopies which will be particularly useful in
Get yonr Prom tickets befmre 4:30 p. m. Friday. After that timS there will be no more tickets distributed.
case of inclement weather. 'These entrances will be used by the regular ticket holders. Complimentary ticket holders will use the south entrance only. This year’s Prom will be a strictly formal affair, despite some rumors that have been circulated on the campus. Jack Goory, in charge of the booths said that they would be placed in groups of two or three and that they would be marked by fraternities. 'Trucks will come to the fraternity houses, starting at 8 a. m. Friday to collect furniture for the booths.
WSGA Sets 5 O’clock Hours For Prom Co.eds
Regulations for co-eds going to Prom are: women must be back in their place of residence one hour after the dance ends (5 a. m.), and if there is a chaperoned breakfast, their escorts may stay until 6 a. m. Co-eds who wish to leave town anytime during Prom week-end must have written permission from their parents. Today is the last day to submit to Dean Stratton any letters from parents.
C. C. Alexander In
Noss, Graves Will Address Freshmen
when we sent them the first time. This heated argument was interrupted while Multi-Flash Nash the Debris photographer, snapped a few pictures of the principals in the drama, and the large green box, bound with a red ribbon, which had contained the cleaned pair of cords. “Prexy” Arrives^ “Prexy” Jim Shoemaker appeared on the scene . . . minus senior cords . and approached Cole. Shoemaker: Thanks, a lot. Cole, for having my cords cleaned. It was sweet of you. Cole:Hunh? . Dwight: Havri'^aw! Haw! Shoemaker: Lbt go of my cords. Cole, I have to we^ ’em this afternoon. Gotta run an experiment in mechanical.-Jab and need a clean pair of pants. Cole: (vigorously). Oh, no you don’t. Shoemaker: Stop talking with your hands and let go of my cords. I’m going to lab now. (Cole rather flabbergasted, released his grip on the cords and Shoemaker departed triumphantly). Multi-Flash Moans Multi-Flash Nash: (Moaning in the corner where he had been lurking), Oh, what a shot... a triumphant exit! If only I hadn’t used up all my flash bulbs. (Scene ended in scramble as principals left for one o’clock classes). Characterized by brilliant repartee, the play was termed a huge success by dramatic critics. The problem about which the plot revolved remained unsolved . . , whose cords were cleaned: DwighVs or Shoemaker’s?
T. K. Noss and Prof. G. H. Graves will give a joint lecture this afternoon in the Stanley Coulter Hall lecture room at 4 o’clock before a group of freshmen science students. Noss will speak on “Growing Interest In Social Service,” and Professor Graves’ talk will be “Cultural Didoes Of Education.”
This is another in the series of occupational lectures for science freshmen. Dean Enders, head of the science school, urges all science students to attend, especially freshmen.
Racine Hospital
C. C. Hamilton In Serious Condition
C. C. “Chuck” Hamilton, junior in the mechanical school, who underwent a mastoid operation at the Home Hospital last Friday, was reported to be in a serious condition last night by Dr. R. A. Flack, attending physician. Hamilton is a member of Phi Kappa Tau fraternity and was intramural manager last year. He is also a member of Scabbard and Blade, military honorary, and Gimlet, athletic booster club.
Lightning Strikes West Lafayette Home
The student rooming house of Mrs. L. S. Young, 158 South Grant, was struck by lightning during yes terday’s storm. The house was struck on the roof and then the bolt entered an ^upstairs bedroom window. At the time neither of the two Chinese students Y. T. G. Chu and L. F. Wong were in the room.
C. C. Alexander, senior agricultural student, who was injured in an automobile accident outside Racine, Wis., late Saturday evening, was in a “good” condition according to information received from K. J. Eitel, junior agricultural student last night. Alexander, who sustained a fractured pelvis and a slight concussion of the brain in the mishap, is in the hospital at Racine and, according to doctor’s reports, will not be able to be moved for from four to six weeks. Others in Accident Four other University students were in the accident. Eitel, the driver of the car, I. M. Cole, freshman, B. Coffman, freshman, and O. B. McCoy, junior—all agricultural students—^were injured only slightly and are now in school.
Expect Indiana Wheat To Give Bigger Yield
N. M. Justin, head of the department of agricultural statistics of the University and also the United States department of agriculture, stated yesterday that Indiana whent is only 72 percent normal in condition, but that it is expected to harvest 34,500,000 bushels this •» compared to 30,922,000 bushels last year. Justin stated that farm wages are nini per cent higher ^than they were January I, and 16 per cent higher than they were a year ago.
Phi Kappa Elects
Phi Kappa fraternity aunounces the election of the following olftcers: J. R. O’Connor, president; JE. Brock, vice-president; W. A. Reed, treasurer; and J. T. Reams* secretary.Pure Two •mBsmueem
THB PtmDtJfe BtFOmkr
m''
Zlit ^urbue exponent pmaM in loss
membea ggtotoelirted gottoawto
MPIIC*KNT>D rOR NAHONAk ADVKRTIRINa RV National Advertising Service, Inc C«U»f fmhtisktn Kepmeutative 420 Madison Ave. New York. N.Y. CHICAGO > BOSTON • SAN FRANCISCO LOS ANOELKS - PORTLAND • SEATTLE
Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indian^ Delivered to ».a{i $8.60 per year: delivered by carrier, $2.50 per year; sold by a single copy, 2 cents.
Business Phone 60S8
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITORIAL BOARD OF CONTROL R. J. Hulse, chairman; Helen Creech, E. H. Morris, L. D. Wood.
EDITORIAL STAFF ^S^tfEd^rs A'.’BMn^7 j.'E.'BKi’likrA.’ H. Forsier, IL P. Manion, C. K ^ler Sophomore Assistants — .. W. M. Anttony, D. A. Bail^, J. A. L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. L Stanback, D. R. Vance E. H. Kellogg, K. E. O’Neil Bold and Black Editor —Obaver
Business Manager National Advertising Manager. Local Advertising Manager Advertising Assistants Circulation Manager.. Circulation Assistants
BUSINESS STAFF ^ , B. J. Hulse L. H. Brovin D. O. Miller r’" ^W. J. Gillilan, R. R. Hensler, M. 0. Reeves J. P. Girard F. C. Bobbins, F, T. Swain
Editor - Associate Editors
SPORTS STAFF r j __ L. D. Wood "..7w. Hi’Fifield, S. R. Griffiths, R. F. Obenchain
EkUtor. Associate Editors Advertising Manager .
.JSelen Creech
WOMEN’S STAFF
7”.7jeanne 'ianonsek, Doris McCartney, Elizabeth Pyke „.Betty Barnett
Issue Editor—R. H. Dyer.
Class Cutting Penalty
What might be viewed as a forerunner of a return to compulsory class attendance for all students has been put into effect by the applied mechanics department of the University. Formerly the applied mechanics instructors did not penalize students in their courses for being absent from class when dailies were given. A student merely received a grade for dailies missed equal to that made by him on the following biweekly test. Some students, and mostly those who could least afford it, took unfair advantage of the optional attendance and^ of the leniency of the applied mechanics department regarding the dailies. Consequently, the instructors of the department got together and, although some of them preferred to let things continue as they were, a new ruling was passed. The new ruling stipulates that any written work must he made up before a grade is given, and it limits the number of make-ups for any one student to five per semester. A good excuse is required to persuade an instructor to go to the extra work of composing and supervising the make-ups Undoubtedly the ruling will help those students who were cutting class excessively; however, it will do so at the loss of initiative to all students taking applied mechanics courses. Surely a student is mature enough to exercise his own will and to take care of himself by the time he has become a sophomore or junior at Purdue.—R. P. M.
On Military Training
To the Editorial Board: In the editorial in Wednesday’s Exponent, patriotic rea sons were given for taking advanced military training. May I suggest some of the humanitarian and religious reasons for not taking it. First, advanced military training courses tend to train one to think that war is inevitable. Those who think so do not try to prevent war and therefore are neither good citizens of this country nor a friend of other nations. Second one who signs for advanced military training promises in advance that he will go out and kill any of his fellow men that his government calls “The Enemy.” This would be in disobedience to one of the ten commandments, “Thou Shalt Not Kill.”—^William McFadden, Purdue Student Pastor, Methodist
Editor’s Note—^We wish to disagree with the writer of above opinion. When a boxer signs for a title bout he spends many months at arduous labor in order to be in his best physical condition. Were he not to do this he would not last long before the onslaught of his opponent. It may be that advanced military training is conceived by some to be a parallel case. We believe differently, however. It is our opinion that military training can better be compared to the ordinary person who takes particular pains with his physical well-being. He does this, not because he expects to fight in the ring at a predetermined date, but because he feels his preparedness will enable him to more ably defend himself if he should become involved in a situation which could only be solved by resorting to physical force. We do not think advanced military students are trained to kill, neither do we think they enter into this work because they wish to bear arms against their fellow-men. In our opinion they are enrolled in the military courses because they believe a nation well able to defend itself will be less likely to be involved in war. After all, when it becomes a question of kill or be killed there are few in whom the instinct of self-preservation has become so dormant that they would willingly die without offering any resistance. It is inconceivable that anyone would look upon this training as a preparation for an offensive war by this country, and surely any of us would willingly defend our country against an attack by some foreign power. Why not be prepared to execute this defense so ably that any foreign power would be extremely hesitant in attacking?
A letter addressed to “The Bedbug Professor, University of Minnesota” was finally turned over to the department of entymology by the partially puzzled university postmistress.
For something different try a French fried sandwich. Fasten a slice of cheese between two slices of bread with toothpicks. Dip in beaten egg and fry in deep fat until brown, and cheese is melted.
Ed’s Note; today ....
. MAC is writing
I, JEAN “Sweet Shoppe” HALLAM, do hereby petition for a brUss footrail for the SHOPPE ... I’d feel more at HOME . . . Signed, 1 JEAN HALLAM IS IT? I would like to know if PROM is formal or not... in considering the orchestra and programs??? . . . . I am in question .... —INQUISITIVE. The CHI O’s have been basking in the glow of the love light in MARTY WALKER’S eyes ... the REASON for said lovelight couldn’t be because “Lochinvar” PAT HATFIELD, is coming from CHATTANOOGA to take her to PROM, or could it, MARTY ? ? . . . “Guff” GRIFFENHAGEN from the Triangle house thought he had MARTI “High-Hat” MATHES all pinned down ... he did have for at least three days, THEN he put his car in the garage . . . MY, what a difference an autymobile can make in romance . . . POME I’ve noticed when PURDUE girls meet. At Sweet Shoppe, Deac’s or on the street, They waste no time in friendly chat But emulate the tabby cat. Like felines on a back-yard fence. They claw and scratch with zeal immense, I’m sure that it wa^ never you Who put t|he ‘purr’ in old PURDUE. —JOHN WHITSON SPRIG IS HERE— With that longing for white shoes and summertime . . . the early twinges of spring fever . ., SWEET SHOPPE meetings . . . sheep-eyed freshmen moaning “Love, what are you doing to my heart?” . , . pins flying back and forth . . . tests . . .
initiations ... and stuff ... The next time the Alpha Chi ac tives swat their freshmen, they had better be sure that nO one is watching .,. and, by the way, things are coming to a pretty pass when ACTIVES have DEAN “DOTTIE” lecture their own pledges . . . AS GOOD A REASON AS ANY . . . all have been wondering why LOUIE PUTZE hasn’t placed that Sigma Chi shield on GINNY HULSE .,. Tuesday night’s episode with CARL SWAN is as good as arTy . . he volunteered to take her home .... they took a short cut from the Union out past WRH and then to the Theta house ... to think CARL has been whispering sweet nothings in WINNIE GREGORY’S ears, too . ... of course everyone thinks LOUIE and GINNY are definitely . . . but you never can tell . . . MARS—PASSES—MARS Turn in a Pome on MILITARY IN GENERAL ... a chance to cut down expenses this week-end . . . take your PROM DATE to the show Saturday afternoon on the 2 PASSES .. .
Health Service Head Speaks at I.T.A. Meeting Dr. S. J. Miller, director of the student health service, addressed a meeting of the Indiana Tuberculosis Association in Indianapolis on Tuesday night. Dr. Alfred Friedlander, dean of the University of Cincinnati College of medicine also spoke at the meeting. Dr. Miller pointed out that Indiana college students have one of the lowest rates of susceptibility to tuberculosis of any group in the nation, but that continued precaurecord. He also said that negroes tion is necessary to maintain this and foreigners are from three to five times as susceptible as the average American white citizen.
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
^UDDEN Service
P
RINTING Offlet Stationary. . V/addlng Invltationi
PHONE ~
6 2 8 CAMEL’S 408reRRi
FAMILY TODAY—FRL—SAT. 2 FIRST RUN HITS
A PRICE ON HIS HEAD
...a gin on IHS mind! A hunted man turns hunter ...tncks the tnrksters.„saves a payroll ..and wins the girl!
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
ALL THIS WEEK
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liehty
“Where do we tee off for this 19th hole we’ve heard so much about ?”
I-M Department Plans Tennis Doubles Tourney Entrance blanks for the intramural class “A” doubles and class B” doubles tennis tournaments, which are to be held the latter part of this month have been sent to all athletic managers. Any person wishing to enter these tournaments should do so immediately, as all entries have to be in by this Saturday noon. According to present plans all of the matches will be scheduled between 4 and 5 o’clock in the afternoons from April 20 until all games have been played. Participation points will be given to all persons entering, and extra points to the winners and runner-ups.
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTTSEKS
ARC TODAY-—FRIDAY—SATURDAY Bob Steele
“Last of the Warrens’ —and— Lew Ayers and Florence Rice in “Shakedown” —also— Crash Corrigan in “Undersea Kingdom”
questions
answer
DO YOU KNOW IT? What company manufactures the telephones and telephone apparatus used by , the Bell System? Western Electric What company purchases materials and supplies for the entire Bell System? Western Electric What company maintains a nation-wide distributing service to insure prompt delivery of telephone equipment and supplies to the various units of the Bell System? Western Electric
Add it all up and you will realize the importance of Western Electric’s part in rendering good telephone service. MoGH/aeliiHiv Plant* of CAtcog-o, /It, Keamy, JV. ond Ballimor*, JUd.1^!
-m
‘ ' TB
First tryouts for membership in Sigma Delta Psi, national athletic honorary, will hoi held today, M. L, “Chief” Clevett announced yesterday. Tests will he administered each Thursday afternoon for the next several weeks.
j The first of the indoor tests will be run off today. All those planning to try out should report to the gymnastics room in the Memorial Gymnasium this afternoon at 4 o’clock, to take tests in the hand stand, bar vault, rope climb, and 100 yard. swim. Membership Unlimited Membership in Sigma Delta Psi is unlimited, and anyone who is able to pass the specified tests will be eligible to join. From now on, the outdoor tests will be given regularly, provided the weather is good. Candidates should report next Thursday to the stadium track.
Alpha Tau Omega
Capt. B.' F. Hayford, of the University military department was initiated into the Alpha Tau Omega fraternity in a formal initiation last night. After few months of pledgeship Capt. Hasfford became an honorary member of the fraternity.
Scobee’s 6 REl^RANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post 0£Sce Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
today—FRI.—SAT.
Two First Run Feature Hits!
This Blue Book Juliet Falls In Love With a Yellow Journal Romeo and How They Hit the Bumps on Honeymoon Lane in
GOBDON JONESL,^
Feature No. 2
Pieaa three
jFreshm0n Co^d Enters National
AAU Swim Meet
Five feet of hlpnd, blue-eyed Purdue pulchritude^ill be in the public eye tonight as Barbara Cook, freshman science co-ed, displays her aquatic skill at the National A. A. U. Women’s swimming meet in Chicago. Miss Cook’s event is the low board diving division. That she is quite proficient in this event was shown last summer, when she won the national junior championship in competition held at Washington, D. C. Theta Pledge Barbara is a Theta pledge and hails from Jeffersonville. She left .for Chicago last Tuesday, and plans to returjl here Sunday. '
BASEBALL
TODAY—4:15 Diamond 1—rTt-iangle vs. Phi Kappa Tau. .2—Kappa Sigma vs. Beta Theta ■Pi..-' 3— Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. 4— Sigma Pi vs. Phi Kappa Psi. 6—Delta Upsilon vs. Sigma Chi. 6— Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Phi Kappa. 7— -Kappa Delta^ Rho vs. Phi Gamma Delta. 8— Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. 9— Alpha Tau Omega vs. Pi Kappa Phi. 10— Phi Delta Theta vs. Beta Sigma Psi. 11— Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Alpha E^ppa Lambda.
iSurnieister B)r Hams^ Frcde^SiDhal iPeaiii
Forrest Burineister, physical education senior, and a first string lineman oh the Purdue grid squad for the past three years, has just signed a contract to play with the Cleveland Rams, professional football team, during the coming season. Burmeister hails from Davenport, la., and is a member of Theta Chi fraternity.
Golf Schedule
April 19—Iowa at Purdue. April 24—Purdue at Michigan. May 1—Notre Dame at Purdue. May 3—Illinois at Purdue. May 8—Purdue at Indiana. May 10—Chicago at Purdue. May 14—Ohio State at Purdue. May 15—Detroit at Purdue. May 17-18—Big Ten Meet at North western.
Purdue Nine Rained Out In
Wabash Game
Ingleman Shatters Straight Rail Mark
A new University record run for straight rail billiards was established by Morris H. Ingleman, junior chemical engineering student, yesterday morning in the Union Billiard room , when he shot a score of 307. It is believed that this run, in addition to being a record for this campus, also sets a new intercol legiate record.'’The previous cam pus record of 294 was made by S. M. Cohee last fall.
Her Corsage of Distinction
of
Distinctiye Flowers Delivered on Time
C)
Gardenias, Roses, Sweet Peas Roth Florist, Inc.
635 Main St. Luna Theatre Bldg. ^ Phones 7965—8050
Starting TODAY
A SOULSTABBING DRAMA of MANS
The Boilermaker baseball nine lost their chance yesterday to get revenge for Tuesday’s 2-1 defeat by the Wabash nine, as the game was postponed because of wet condition of the grounds. The contest will be played on May 6. The Boilermakers’ next game is scheduled for April 22, when the diamondmen will again meet Wabash, this time on the hom6 field, making three games in a row scheduled with that university. April 24 the Big Ten schedule will open, with Chicago offering the opposition.
Sigma Delta Psi To Hold National
leiaer ....choice 41—■■■..-By Bob Waliwjo
Athletic Tourney
“Chief” Clevett issued a call yes terday for 15 athletes, to comprise a team to represent the University in an intercollegiate athletic meet, to take place between May 1 and May 15. The meet is sponsored by Sigma Delta Psi, national athletic honorary, of which Clevett is national secretary-treasurer. Twelve events have been selected -as suitable for the contest. These will include the regular “field day” items, such as the 100 yard dash, hurdles, rope climb, mile run, javelin throw, shot put, and several others.
Competition Open Competition is open to all undergraduate students, including fresh men. The contest will be divided into four parts: championships in individual events, championships in individual events for Sigma Delta Psi members only,^ individual allaround championships, and team or school championships. Suitable trophies in all classes will be given by Sigma Delta Psi.
Frosh Fencers To Meet In Finals
Five freshmen competitors in the first round of the round robin frosh fdncing tournament have definitely won their places in the finals which are to start ndxt Monday. The five who won their first meets are L. K Harvey, W. Ohman, M. L. Meier, S. C. Jones, and L. S. Blocker- W. J. Harris is also expected to compete in the finals. Nine more men will be chosen during the remainder of the week, to raise the total number meeting in the finals to 15. The 10 i^ho survive this last meet will be awarded numerals.
During the past months the University of Illinois refused to let a co-ed try out for the freshman-var sity golf team because competition with other universities, only permits MEN to participate ... yet the Purdue intramural department is allowing the BETAS TO PLAY INTERFRATERNITY BASEBALL THIS YEAR . . . if it’s war you want. Jack Ohaver, we are ready to open fire (refer to Tuesday’s issue) . . . consider this as our first but not last volley ... —^fc— Indiana took her first loss in five starts against the University of Cincinnati, but don’t think for a minute that the Hoosiers aren’t going to be tough this year... against DePauw, the Hoosier nine used a trio of pitchers, each going his route of three innings without allowing a hit . . . —fc— , Game called because of a wet field . . . . yesterday’s decision on the opening home attraction for the varsity baseball club . . . too bad, too, because the team as a whole is lots better than that 2 to 1 score showing, resulting from the initial meeting between the Little Giants and the Boilermakers . . . failure to hit at the right time seems to be the current Boilermaker affliction, but regular practice will remedy the situation ... -r-fC The Boilermakers left 13 men on base during the nine innings, and succeeded in collecting only six hits . . . . better results next time . . . —fc— We planned to have a baseball biography today, but put it off until tomorrow ... either Bob Lucas or Lefty Martin, depending on the one we can catch at home tonight . . .
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
CROWN YOUR EUROPEAN TRIP WITH A HOLIDAY IN
GERMANY
E OLLOW Ihe iiire of the romantic Rhine. Stroll along the ulevards of Berlin. Browse in the galleries of Munich or Dresden. Dream in the historic grandeur of medieval picture towns. Talte a cure in Germany's fashionable spas. This year is fESTivAL Year in Germany
with a magnificent program of music, opera, theatre and picturesque folk festivals. Among them are the Wagner Festivals at Bayreuth; the Berlin Art Weeks; the Great German Art Exposition and the Wagner-Mozart-Strauss Festivals a.t Munich; the Exposition "Nation at Work" at Duesseldorf; the Heidelberg Dramatic Festivals. For your personal comfort: modern transportation and homelike accommodations at honest prices. Railroad fares reduced 60%. Travel Marks available far below regular Reichsmark quotations. -
Consult your travel agent or write for information and interesting booklet “C".
GERMAN RAILROADS INFORMATION OFFICE
-665 Fifth Avenu*, New York
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
For the JUNIOR PROM Shoulder Bouquets
Gardenias Orchids Roses Carnations, etc. We Strive to Please
DORNER’S FLOWER SHOP Main at 7th Phone 6050
Show her a good time right from the start 'ith dinner in the
Cfjesstnut i^oom
Two Dinners to Choose From
$1.00 Dinner
75c Dinner
Cream of Tomato Soup or Foamy Fruit Ice Pan Broiled Tenderloin Steak Crearried Chicken in Patty Shell
Cream of Tomato SoUp or Foamy Fruit Ice Breaded Pork Loin Cranberry jelly
Fillet of Haddock Tartar Sauce Escalloped Potatoes or Longbranch Potatoes Tiny Green Beans Fruit Ring Salad Cloverleaf Rolls Beverage Chocolate tee Box Cake . Butterscotch Sundae or Stick Candy Ice Cream
Fillet of Haddock Tartar Sauce Escalloped Potatoes or Longbranch Potatoes Cauliflower with Savory Sauce Fruit Ring Salad Cloverleaf Rolls Beverage Chocolate Ice Box Cake or Stick Candy Ice Cream
Dinner by Reservation Qnly Reservations aecepfed until Thursday 7:30 P. M. Dinners Served from 7:30-9:00
Purdue Memorial Union
The Corner, of Campus, Yet the Center of Activity''V
/
THE PURDUE EXPOJ^ENT
WBAA
-TODAY—
11:00—Charlotte Friend Stewart, soprano. 11:15—Mrs. Jean Jones, piano. 11:80—Principles of Bookkeeping. 11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12 :00—Give Us A Song. 12:16—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30—Jo Friend. 12:46—Home Helps and Happenings, Dr. Cecelia Schuck. 1:00—Arsene Summers, contralto. 1 ;16—Better Expression, Prof. George Wykoff. 1:80—Geography in the News, Florence E. Henderson. 1:46—Markets and weather. 2:00—Aviation Today, Prof. G. W. Haskins. 2:15—Songs and Melodies. 2 :30—Glenn Cross, The Wabash Minstrel. 2:45—The Ti-easure Chest, 3 :00—We Have Music. 8 :15—The Life of the American Indian 3:30—Prof. Greenfield, baritone 3 :45—Education and Society. 4 :00—Musical Favorites. 4 :15—Answer Me This. 4 :30—iSvilight Musicale. 4 :4.5—Radio Travel Review.
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Hal Kemp^s Brass Give ‘Telegraphic Rhythm^
Don’t write—telegraph; that^s Kemp’s motto. The band leader of Chesterfield’s Friday night radio show sends dance rhythm over the air with what he calls, “telegraphic brass.” This unusual type of orchestration gives the brass section a special rhythmic accent. . Proof of the superiority of Hal Kemp’s music is the recent opinion of America’s Jeading teachers of popular dancing. In a nation-wide vote they selected his orchestra as the best dance band of the country for the second successive year.
Girl Scouts Plan Play Day Program May 15
Professor Helen W. Hazelton, head of the physical education department, is co-operating with the members of the Girl Scout Leaders Club in arranging a Girl Scout play day to be held on the Women’s Athletic Field on Saturday, May 15. Plans for the play day were discussed at the Girl Scout Leaders Club meeting held Tuesday evening in the Memorial Union Building.
SOLE DISTRIBUTOR for
PALM BEACH in West Lafayette
SOUTHWORTH'S
The Risk Dental Clinic
DB. PAUL. A. BISK DB. HABOLD J. BISK OB. BOBBBT 6. BISK DB. LUTHEB A. BISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
EVERYBODY LIKES A COOL PARTNER
Nobody likes a man who mops or mopes with the heat. (He doesn’t even like himself.) Keeping cool is a social grace and art, but it’s a cinch in a
PALM BEACH SUIT
For dances, parties and all warm-weather git-togethers and sits, we prescribe a Palm Beach Tux ensemble—white coat (single or double-breasted) and black trousers. And for all other occasions, there are dozens of new dork and light suits that set the pace for value. Don’t wait ’til college is over. Get yours now while selections ore complete.
TAH.OB»P my BOOPAlul.
The Palm Beach Tux ensemble is $18.50 All other Palm Beach Suits are $16.75
GOODALL COMPANY • CINCINNATI
At the meeting several folk dances were taught to the club members by Miss Minedel Venemann and Mrs. Glenn Sample.
Alpha Chi Rho Alpha Chi Rho, social fraternity, announces the pledging of V. D. Hobbs of Richmond.
The Associated Press reveals the interesting fact that there are more Italians in New York than in Rome.
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—adding MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street. Phone 2779.
Metal Type Table—Portable victrola. Monarch typewriter. Tuxedo suits, size 40. Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 North Fifth street.
Monarch Typewriter—Reasonable Metal typewriter stand. Tuxedo suit, size 40. Other tuxedos, other sizes. Moore's Colonial Market, 220 North Fifth street.
Lost—Brown-white checkered top coat. Main E. E. Lab., Monday afternoon. Call Kerber, 41794.
Seniors Attention—Employment pictures 25c and up per dozen. 709 Main street, upstairs, Lafayette.
Tennis Racket Restringing—$1.50 to $5.00. W. B. Allen, 472 North Salisbury street, West Lafayette; Phone 4864.
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
The thinking fellow calle A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 2Sc per passenger any part of the city 5Q23 BBONES 8071 YELLOW CAB CO.
KEYS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys and handle locks a upteialty. , F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
Your Success
is a matter of minutes,
not years
• •
• •
first impression counts most Let Crown keep your clothes prosperous looking
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
Rent A Car—Drive it yourself. Thayer’s Garage, Main and South streets. West Side. Phone 51784.
NOTICES
No noticM accepted after t p. m.
Farm Management Conditions—Examinations for the removal of conditions in Farm Management 1 will be held April 17, at 1 p. m. —MAUCH.
P. E. W. Bowling—'Women who wish to
I so
elect bowling may do ^o on Tuesdays and Thursdays at 9 and 10 a. m. and on 'Wednes-
days and Fridays at 9 a. m.
—HAZELTON.
A. S. M. E.-—Members wishing to attend the midwest convention at Chicago April 19 and 20 call R. K. Weldy for reservations. —WELDY.
W. A. A. Council Members—Dinner at the cabin for old and new council members on April 16. Be at the grym at 6 p. m. Tickets 30 cents each. —CAMPBELL.
Civil Engineers—All students expecting to attend Civil Engineering camp report to the University health department at their three hour periods during the week of April 19, 26, and May 3, for typhoid inoculations. —TODD.
C. E. 2-1 Conditional Examination—^Will be given April 17 from 1 to 4 p. m. in room 301 of the Civil Engineering Building. Please see instructor in advance. —SONESON.
Sophomore Union Workere.—All sophomore Union workers must turn in signed
“C.
CARTER
for
New Lawn Mowers Pennsylvania Quality Trade in allowance on old mower. Free coupon with each lawnmower sharpening job. We Cali for and Deliver
L.
We Cali for and Deliver
Phone 2291 State & Main Sts., W
Dorner’s Flower Shop y Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
Sail STCA* to Europe this summer. Travel with an interesting and congenial group of college students. For years Holland-America Line Steamers have been the first choice of those who enjoy good times, pleasant accommodations, and a delicious cuisine. To England, France and Holland
STATENDAM VEENDAM . VOLENPAM . TOURIST CLASS ROUND TRIP
. . June 4 . . June 12 . . June 26 $22400
•J-
June 29
■andup
STATENDAM
VEENDAM . J*, . July 10 STATENDAM (via Botton) July 20 THIRD CLASS $15450
ROUND TRIP
• and up
(*STCA means either Student Tourist Class or Student Third Class Association) For full details see STCA DEPARTMENT
HOLLAND-AMERICA LINE
318 North Michigan Ave., Chicago, III,
petitions to me by April 24. Blanks may be obtained in the Student Union Office. —SCHOLER.
Camera Club—All bills must be paid by or on April 22. —CLAYPOLE.
Camera Club—No meeting April 16. —WOOD.
P. E. W. Horseback Riding—The following girls report at the Women’s Gymnasium April 16 at specified hours: 1:30—Mary Alther, Mary Carter, Mary Hickman, Ann Sickman, Betty Wickard, Carolyn Williams. 2:3(I—Betty Bills, Dorothy Everhart, Alice Martens, Mary Laramore, Audrie Ney, Marjorie Smith. —HAZELTON.
W. A. A. Tennis—^The following games must be played by April 21: Christenson and DeWitt vs. Moore and Wilson, Reith and Alexander vs. Demoret and Decker, Rose and Conklin vs. Halstead and Smith, Jenkins and Mills vs. Mounce and Raebig, Merritt and Walker vs. Baker and Randall. —JENKINS.
WAA Orchesis Club—The following report to the gym at 12:30 p. m. April 16: Humphreys, Pendergrass, Harry, Sutherlin, Meldahl, Newman, Krabbe, Smith, Beall, Howafd, Cook, and Cromer. —TOWNSEND.
Kappa Delta Pi—Pledges meet in room D of the Memorial Union Building at 7 p.m. April 16. —CHANCELLOR.
Y. W. C. A. Cabinet—Meet in Y. W. C. A. office at 7 p. m., April 16. —JONES.
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist
504 Main Street
W. A. A. Baseball—Games to be called at 4 p. m. April 16: Kappa Kappa Gamma vs. Ward 1 and 2 ; Chi Omega vs. Ward 3. —TOYmSEND.
W. A. A. Swimming—Triton Club swim April 16 at 7 :30 p. m. Open swim at 8:30 p. m. —TUBBS.
Playshop—^All members of art and painting crews report to the sub-basement of the Memorial Union Building at 4 p. m. April 16. —CROMER.
Union Workers—My committee and Putze’s will report to workshop April 15 at, 4 p. m. —PFORZHEIMER.
Union Workers—^All Union Workers will be expected to appear in the ballroom at 7 p. m. April 16. Prom decorations must go up. —REID.
Union Workers—Mytinger’s, Perkin's and McLeod’s committees will report to the Union office as soon as possible on the afternoon of April 15. —PERKINS.
Vaughan’s Flower and Garden Seeds JOHN SPERB
822-24 Main
For Limited Time Only ONE 8x10 PORTRAIT PHOTO
25c For lowest prices and guaranteed work
A. JACOBSON 709 MAIN ST, UPSTAIRS ^ Lafayette
> IT'S A PLEASURE TO SIT ONE OUT!!
YEAH, MAN...
^sitting one out” includes your best girl and your best smoke . . . LITTLE FENDRICH PANETELAS . . . the cigar endorsed by thousands of young men the country over . . . that comes in one size and one flavor every time . . . always fresh . . . always a PLEASURE!!
LiTTt
PA. N E T E L A S
FAVORITE SIZE FOR YOUNG MEN