y
. \
MERRY-GO ROUND Continues Series On State Dept,
Established 1889
xfiJ04ieM 9 Look Out. Cermanv!
SPORTS COLUMN i
Looks At
Riveter Prospects
Volume 56, No. 52
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, September 9, 1943
University Features Two Artists, Richard Crooks, William Primrose, At Saturday Evening's Convo
Panhellenic Council ToAid In Bond Drive In connection with the Third War Loan Drive which began today, the
Richard Crooks, famed tenor of the Metropolitan Opera, and William Primrose, the well known viola player, will give the second in a series of convocations to be presented in the Uni-
Exponent Will Hold All Staff Callout Tomorrow In Union Practial experience in journalism, business, or selling, will be offered to those attending the Exponent call-out Friday at 4:46 in Eoom 366
of the Union.
Open to all RCA, Curtis-Wright cadettes, civilian students, servicemen, and especially new freshmen who may be interested, the call-out is for all departments of the paper, including editorial, circulation, ad-
vertising, and accounting. At the Panhellenic Council composed of meeting Friday, various jobs avail- representatives from each sorority able on the Exponent will be out- on the campus, will have the responlined by senior staff members. sibility of selling a quota of $6,000 Training schools will be con- in war bonds with Jean Holtson and ducted on afternoons of nxet week Ginny Mittendorf ip charge, for the new workers on the adver- Unusual is the fact that no money Using and editorial staffs. The edi- will actually be taken in by the sotorial training will includelthe main yority women who will do the sellpoints of story writing, information jng. They will instead, work togathering, and use of the Exponent wards their quota by acquiring style. The advertising school will be signed pledges from the prospective divided into two parts—one show- bond buyers to buy a bond at a cering the layout of advertisements designated bank or post office, and the other explaining methods Pledges In Form Of Receipts of contacting businesses. Previous These pledges will be in the form experience is unnecessary. of receipts, one end going to the All those attending the call-out buyer, and the other end being kept will have an equal chance to gain and turned into the bank or post ofa position as a junior or senior staff fjce at which the buyer has pledged member, appointment to jobs being himself to buy. Careful check will based on quality and quantity or be kept of the pledges so that they work during the freshmen and will really mean the same as a, bond
sophomoie years. Those who start sold.
as freshmen, however, have the ad- During the noon hour and during vantage of an extra year’s expe?:i- the supper hour, there will be desks ence. set up in the Union cafeteria, the
Coffee Shop, the Chestnut Room and the Home Economics cafeteria at which sorority girls will take the pledges for tonds. Upon pledging, the buyer will receive a small cardboard bomb which will serve as an admission card to the matinee show
The movie .presentation for this Sunday by Lt. Rudy TTviHcr „,n.i,f servicemen’s Vallee and his band in the Music versity Music Hall next Saturday evening at 7:30.
Movie Convo Gives 'Stormy Weather'
Student Union Will Hold Callout This Afternoon In West Faculty Lounge
Third War Bond Drive Begins Today; Vallee To Appear Indiana’s Third War Loan Drive, which will be launched at 9 p. m., September 9, will be no less an event at the University than in other parts of the State. The Bond drive will be officially started on its way by Governor Schricker over a state-wide radio
RICHARD CROOKS
. . . the singing iceman, delivers the goods at Saturday night’s con-
vocation.
week’s Friday night
show will be “Stormy Weather’’, F^eatured in the film which presents an all-Negro cast, are Bill Robinson, Lena Horne and Cab Calloway. Essentially, the picture portrays the career of tap-dancer Robinson. Photogenic, blues-singer Horne who is remembered for her pekformance in “Cabin In The Sky’’ sings the title song, among others. Hi-de-
Hall.
AWS Announces Result Of Tuesday's Freshman Elections
Doors of
the Music Hall will be open at 6:45. Identification cards will be demanded from students, and service men will need to show Martha McCulloch; sophomoie rep- their recreation cards. Tickets
resentatives, Frances Allen, Bar- foj. general public to Sat-
bara Sanders. ^ Committee leaders for the semi-
term are as follows:
Tuesday elections were held by Elections, Maitha McCulloch; of-
urday’s convocation will be $1.10 (including tax) which will be on sale at the Cashier’s office in the Executive Building.
Student Union callout will be held this afternoon in the West Faculty Lounge at 4 p. m. and all freshmen and sophomores
are urged to attend.
Student Union sponsors numerous and varied activities. The Union is responsible for the Student Book Exchange, under the direction of Katie Gannon, as well as the war stamp booth which appears during the year outside the Sweet Shop. Other activities include making posters, painting backdrops for behind the North ballroom bandstand, and sponsoring war stamp and
bond convocations. Five Committees
Five committees make up Student Union. Vice President Dick Haase heads the activities committee, which‘plans and
organizes Union activities.
The publicity committee, under the direction of Vice President Roger Samuelson, is responsible for the Exponent publicity stories, scripts for weekly radio programs over WBAA, and has charge of speaking before group meetings in WRH,
fraternities and sororities.
Personnel Committee Ginny Armstrong, another vice president, heads the per- program, which will be picked up
sonnel committee. This group has charge of obtaining and WBAA.
supervising workers for all committees. activities which will The handling of all supplies for backdrops, posters, office drive m other
supplies and equipment is the duty of the maintenance com-
mittee, supervised by Vice President Dick Hupp.
Records Committee
Last but not least. Vice President Bob Holmes and his rec-
ords committee are responsible foi^ keeping financial records, ^ senes of appeal ances by inoluding those lor war stamp and dance costs. LTa‘10™'o“'“lured
‘ and Italian war trophies.
Rudy Vallee To Appear
One of the outstanding features of Tippecanoe County’s part in, the Third War Bond Drive will be two performances by Lt. Rudy Vallee and the “Lucky ’Leventh” Coast Guaid Band, to be given in the Music Hall on Sunday, September 12. Only purchaseis of War Bonds
Lt. RUDY VALLEE
leads “Lucky ’Leventh” in War
Bond Offensive.
cities will be “war dances”, a demonstration of invasion tactics, a war bond tour by Ringlmg Bros.-Bar-num and Bailey Ciicus, a parade of veteran heroes and movie celebri-
Tfiis Is The Army’ Show Attracts Large Crowd
By Morris Better
^ When it filmed “This Is The Army” Hollywood went GI. Last CvTirbe^adnutterto the"a7ternoon
hn C'lllnw'iv nrovideis nlentv of iiiQt ^ o tit t •+ ii, omce in tne Jiixecutive nuiioing. night, when it Staged the local premiere of that show, the army performance, which will begin at no oaiioway pi oviues plenty ot just freshman women to choose two eh Is fice, Judy Jones; activities, Martha „ j, i, tt n j mi • i i i on m, • ^ that. A newsreel and cartoon round ® " McCulloch; defense, Nelda Reed; Went Hollywood. The movie heads and the army, both adept at 2:30 p. ni. The evening program, to
ecutive board of AWS eoveriiL' orientation, Mary Jane Doll, Bai- f convocations staging spectacular performances omitted none of the color, be given at 7:30 p. m. is for present AWh, governing _ „ . _ . _ . ,,,, ,,,cp,,,, ,,, excitement-when they dis- University students and ser-
, ijT-.i.i . vicemen holding rccieation tickets played their talents locally last night. Lights, banners, music, ^niy. Both programs will be identias well as jeeps, tanks and ma- — cal.
social fraternity.
out the bill.
entire group
«rga„i.atiu„ for coeds. bar. Saude.s; vocations, Ca.ol Rob- "b”- Tbbsc are priced Sigma Alpha Epsilon Louise Horrall and Martha S„yder [ed eoustitotion M.iy I^u Stern- ^ ^ were chosen by their fellow students Jcr8! publicity, Caiolyn Wilbur. ^ announces to represent them for the semi-term. Meetings of the executive board the psychological front of the
the election of the following offi- Both are town girls living at the are held each Tuesday in the office Hichard Crooks He thinks that • "l7?Yviin^rTf Av/»Tir»r» IT! TT TAfio*- TTeillo +liia ■Fovm of r7»1K n ivi All To-nmcnrif o_ .. . _ _
cers: Eminent Archon, E. H. Wig- Women’s Residence Halls this term, at 7:15 p. m. All coed representa
gers; Eminent Warden, H. R. Jones; Eminent Coirespbndent, R. C. Truitt; Eminent Chronicler, C. H. Johnson; Eminent Recorder, C. H.
an excellent way of erasing mental tension and war nerves is through
chine guns were in evidence as a holiday crowd lined the streets to watch the trucks roll
Gohlke; Eminent Treasurer, J. L. Palmer; and Rush Chairman, J. S. Besemer.
Executive Board lives of the other campus activities Other members of the AWS ex- aie invited to attend the meetings,
ecutive board are as follows: Next week theie will be a picnic psychological front is bePresident, Lois Veit; vice presi- at 5:30 for the executive committee, • „ tt
dent, Jean Thompson; secretaiy, and all members will be notified of ,„5i ^ contingent from
Sherwood of the committee which The “Lucky ’Leventh” band h made the local premiere possible, one of the top seivice bands of the announced that the proceeds fr.om country and has achieved nationthe first nig.bt sale which will go to wide populaiity thwugh nomerovw
0.11V4. VVCV4. llCiVV-tO XO ifXX J. Llg Xi -t , n I • 11 • 8^**^ »V IX* VVXUC t.t I Ck X t k X1 X k' t f 4 ( (< f V X > music. Today, more than ever be- ^11^1 tne nr St mgnters arrive. Army Emergency Relief totalled in radio perfoimunces and VS .ir Bond
A 20-piece military band-
„ , , , , . les have found that with music ef-
Nelda Reed; treasurer, Mary Lou the place by the committee, Louise j^^reased, and the armed
Sternberg; junior repiesentative, Horrall and Maitha Snydei.
Ft. Benjamin Harrison—performed
excess of $3500. For the rest of its Tours. run—which will be at popular prices Tickets For Bond Huwf. VvattaM'! —50 per cent of the receipts will be Tickets fot .SusuUv t". ( m?) '»
From Nuts To Soup . . .
Home Economics Cafeteria Reopens To Serve Food To Hungry Populace
and a rifle squad fired salutes as lo-
forces all over the world are now ^al dignitaries—civilians and milisupplied with radios and victrolas. t^ry alike — arrived. Wandering The viola as a solo instrument through the crowd urging the people has been greatly elevated by Wil- to “say a few words to the radio Irani Primrose. He says that more audience” was the traditional man
and more students of music are dis- with the mike. covering it as an instrument dis- x .Ltt-
^ , Starts At Union tinct in itself and not only as side-
line to the more famous member of show began at the front its family, the violin. Early in the the University when the 18th century the viola really came ^t. Harrison personnel and its
contributed to that agency.
(Sec V.Vl.l.l b, page it
Dr. Phillips Comments On Italian Debacle
50
Students may be wondering just what
By Margaret Steffos
Last Monday starving scents, P*® initiated to the horrors of faculty members and townspeople butter_if that slurping soup, and runny okra. For
Economics anything to patrons. the first rew days she dishes these Use Tray Service Now out with trembling hands under the
A new innovation being used in- cold scrutiny of famished patrons,
stead of the tea room is called tray (Yesterday Professor Murphy service. The customer selects his spread glad tidings along the line
lunch from one of two completed with the news of Italy.) traysi—either a hot menu or a cold Work At Accounting
the actual
composers
alone.
trouped to the Home
Building to view the reopening of the cafeteria—the line was long and
the occasion impressive.
For twenty winters, since January of 1923, the cafeteria has been
auution-
into its own when many of the great assorted vehicles assembled on State al Surrender of Italy may have upon tlu‘ Ua» -.Aua-iun as a created music for it street near the Union to begin its whole. 'J'o help give them an insight into iht tutUFf, Prof.
ireX'rwit™" ™llips of the government ilepart„i...,i ii... to antitank gun and three 30 calibre opinion as to what will lesult tiom Itsiy cracking, machine guns were the most promi- "It will shorten the war and will probably lead to the de-
nent features of the 50 mechanized moralization of other German - satellite states,” says Profes- after the lo',a of Tunisia and cap-
Following the ceremonies in fpnt sor Phillips. He believes this Sicily, will piobably shake of the theatre a short stage show unconditional surrender will moiale of the Geinuin people,
featuring military talent was pre-
Hog Feeders Gather For Swine Day
Italy’s example may peisuade Fin-
sented. Sgt. Carl Baker acted as occupy niake peace befote it’s too Pi of. C. M. Vestal has announced master of ceremonies and presented ^^e way north late.
management, an option Home Economics school. Girls Cook In Quantity
the
foor"lanSed^ordt!^r't^ ared'and ®ohnection with
served Tv^s'tuLnts of”^ mstituUon Unue until November, is advantage- food handling, the gills woik at the completions of plans for the in order a bagpipe band, drum and to Naples. “However,” he said, “the “Russia will consider the invasous since fewer girls are requiied food cost accounting, which helps 23rd annual Swine Day to be held fife corps and a drill team whose Germans will probably offer resist- ion and surrender of Italy a satisto serve the same amount of food. keeps the cost at a reasonable mini- at the University on Friday, Sept, manual of arms really amazed the from Naples to the Po valley factory result of the war in the Most people aie familial with the mum. The cafcteiia is a self-sup- 17. Hog feeders from all sections of civilian audience. Making a brief ^^4 will giadually letiie to the Po Mediteiianean, but will continue to „ . . cafeteria line, where spinach looks poiting institution opeiated on a the state in years past have flocked appearance also was T/6 Hal Coop- valley.” clamor for a second front in WesBesides working on the cafeteria greener next to red beets and yel- commercial basis, which gives the to the University to attend this pop- erman of AST unit at Purdue. His “This holding action will enable tern Euiope, which means an incounter, the girls cook in large Iqw corn; where hamburgers are students valuable expeiierjce and uffir event. skill at the piano delayed the start the Germans to either evacuate vasion in Fiance, the Lowlands, or quantities in the spotless kitchen neatly filed along side of juicy backgiound for legular jobs upon The moining period will be given of a two-hour movie for which the of their mateiial and tioops Germany itself. The rising tide of back of the dining looin, eie, em baked ham. Psychology is applied giaduation. to inspection of the hogs on test at audience had paid puces ranging to retire thiough the Brenner revolt against the Nazi warlords is phasis IS laid on qua ity as we as as soon as the customer picks up The cafeteiia was staited pii- the Swine Experimental Farm. $4.40. Pass to a position behind the Alps, evidence of the renewed hopes of quantity. It’s all in an afternoons his tray and tries to make a choice maiily as a laboiatoiy for the in- Among the results to be released „ ' ' , . r. i- au receive leinforcements and the conquered people.” lab for a home ec-er to whip to- from the coloiful vaiiety of salads stitution manageis, and boasts the this year will be those pertaining to Two Irving Berlin Shows stated Will Still Have To Fight Japan gether twenty-one dozen rolls and that challenge him first. reputation of being one of the most tests of fiee choice feeding of sup- The two-hour movie more than Phillips. The Piofessor does not believe four quarts of lime jello, or six Counter Girls Help completely efficient units of itji kind plemental protein mixtures differ- hved up to its expectations as it told Hitler’s Fortress Crumbling that Italy’s defeat will greatly afangel food cakes and two gallons of jf ^ counter giil merely shffles to be found in any university. ing in quantity and quality of pro- ^he stoiy of two famous GI shows, “Hitler’s Fortress of Europe is feet the war with Japan, as Japachocolate pudding. According to ^nd rearranges the salad plates en- Grads In Famous Places tein. “Yip Yip Yap Hank” and “This Is beginning to crumble,” he con- nese have thus far acted entirely acMiss Margaret Hirt, of the Home ticingly before the hungry eyes of a Graduates have been placed in Piofessor Vestal and Dr. E. C. The Army,” both created by Irving tinned. “The surrender of Italy will coiding to their own wishes, receiv-
Germany, givpledge of their
. . 2. “Even if Ger-
No-0-0-0. Well, sometimes; but we customei will take it nine times out Wisconsin, Illinois and Michigan, noon at the Livestock Judging Pa- to applaud each act or number that Bulgaria, especially, is wavenng, many weie defeated, we would have always get by.” As far as quality is often. The fabulous Pentagon Building in vilion on %e campus. Dr. Young pleased them and this was rather ^fig igggnt death of King to fight Japan,” he said. He thinks concerned, we can testify in a large Regular shufflers-down-the-line Washington, D. C., claims the sei- will give an address on “The Hog fi’^quent. ’ Boiis and the resulting jionfusion. that Japan will surieuder only after ,11 „ „„ 4-i,„ lx,. „:..i ly „ tt,.: tx , , tr, , r,., Heiiimiller and Capt. E. W. This Axis defeat, coming so spon many fierce and costly battles.
affirmative; when making six gra- will recognize the new counter girl vices of a Univeisity grad.
and Feed Situation.”Purdue Exponent
Septemher 9, 1943
Purdue Exponent combined with Pili'dije Independent-
Offices: Edii-oriai and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phpne 4005 Sporfs, Pieldliouse, Phoiie 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Editor..., BusinesR Mana8:er.. News Editor Manairinfi: Editor:.... Sports Editors..
Ellis Murphy ,...Mnry .Dilts William H. Tyson Carolyn Wilbur ..Raymond M. Smith, Russell M. Lipes
Publication Staff Editorial Staff Associate Editors: Jack Ab’oett, Ruth For<!, Katy Howes, Madclyn Grotnes, Peg Steffes.
Business Staff
Advertising Manager: C. L. Gaunt. Assistant Advertising Manager: Betty Maney. Circulation Manager: R, G. Sauerman.
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Abbetl Issue Editor: Richardson City Editor: Ford . Day Editor; Ford Reporters: R. Gregory. Garrett. Dcrfiham, B. Gregory., Knaub, Howes, Martin, Bayne.s. 1\ Richardson, Yargar, Hablas, Georgeson, Asperger, Pagliaruio. Woerncr. Wrij^lit, Thomas, Simons, Hermann, Helffrich.
Entered as second class matter at the post office, in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday mornings during the Year, except certain vacation periods. Delivered daily by carrier for .$1.25 for a seme.ster : by mail for $1.GO for a eeniester. Subscriptions may be obtained at the Exponent •office or at the West Desk of the Union. Represented fbr national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 42U Mbdison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Your Dollars ' ijIn
Tm fteq. U. %. Oft
iy DREW PEARSON U* S. Refuses Passports To Labor Leaders; Army Handles Twenty Million Overseas Letters Weekly WASHINGTON—The State Department’s policy in not issuing' p!i.ssports ii.) American labor leaders to visit Russia, is si.i'hUicant. There has,been a steady stream of American business and labor leaders to Great Britain, but for reasons best kno-wn to itself, the State Department has frowned on similar visits to the Soviet Union. As this is written, not one passport had been issued to American labor spokesmen to go to Moscow. As early as last January CIO’s Secretary-Treasurer, James B. Carey applied'for a passport to Russia to confer with labor leaders on war production jiroblems. After waiting months for the State Department to move he gave up in.disgust. p. J. Thomas, president of the CIO United Auto Workers Union, was given the same brushoff when he applied for passage to Russia early this summer. After negotiating with State Department officials for several weeks, Thomas realized he was wasting his time and remarked: “I guess I’m too anti-Fascist for the State Department.” Latest labor leader to run afoul of the department’s policies is James Curran, raw-boned chief of the CIO NationaL Maritime Union. After unsuccessful attempts to get a passport to look into the hospitalization and welfare of U. S. torpedoed^^seamen in Russia, Curran finally decided to paddle his own canoe. He shipped out as an able-bodied seaman from New York. He will be the first American labor leader to set foot on Russian soil since the war began. Mail For Soldiers John Steinbeck to the contrary, the Army is doing a great job in thg delivery of mail. The ‘.‘Of Mice and Men” author claims he saw bags of mail stacked up on the docks, but if so, it was merely for a day or two between ships. Actually the Army move.s 20 million pieces of mail overseas per week. This is not domestic mail to Army camps inside the U. S. A.—BUT OVERSEAS. One thing you’ve got to remember in writing is that a six cent air mail stamp doesn’t guarantee air mail delivery. The Army has warned repeatedly that when military supplies are more urgent, air mail has to come second, may sometimes be sent by ship. Air postage doesn’t guarantee air mail—unless you take advantage of V’-mail. V-mail always goes by air and costs only 3 cents. But however you send it, write. Capt. George Vournas, reporting recently to members of the White House staff, said: “The specific gravity of mail for morale cannot be over-estimated. When w^alking through a barracks on inspection tours, or through messes or training centers, I could easily pick out the boys who had not heard fi'om home. They were the dejected and dispirited ones.” So wifte. Alaska Delays Certain letters, ■w'hich the censor has opened and read regarding Aleutian-Alaskan bases, may be probed by the Truman Committee on its current jaunt to the Arctic areas. The letters told of delay.s and time-wasting by a construction company; and although the letters were scrutinized by the censor presumably for the purpose of rectifying government mistakes, it took- a long time to do anything about it. For instance, one worker, helping to build a base in Ala.ska, wrote to his wife in Los Angeles:
Today is “Attack I)ay” in the Third War Loan Drive. Today is the day when civilians start -a honse to house'canvass of all cities and towns -in the nation to sell 'Bonds. The goal of the Third War Loan Drive is to raise fifteen billion dollars from individuals, corporations, insurance companies, and other non-rbanking sources throughout the country. This is one of the greatest financing jobs ever attempted, for it means that every ohe who can .possibly afford to buy another bond must be persuaded to do so. To raise this-fifteen billion dollars it will be necessary for the citizens of this country to buy two hundred million war bonds of the one hundred dollar denomination. There are only one hundred and thirty-six million people in the country, and therefore some people will have to buy more than one War Bond of the one hundred dollars maturity value. The people with the most money will haye to buy more because a great many people cannot afford to buy one hundred dollar bonds. These people will, of course, buy as much as they can afford. • This money is needed, vitally, if the United States is to continue the war as successfully as it has been doing these pash few days. The total cost of the United States’ part in the last world war would only take care of the present war for two and one-half months. The money problems of this war are tremendoiiS, and the government needs as much as every one of us can spare to win the War. For example, five thousand people must invest seventy-five dollars in war bonds to carry out a raid of one thousand Flying Fortresses over the German Rhineland. A single raid of this type takes $37'5,000 worth of high octane gasoline and one million dollars worth of bombs. Another example is the fact that to equip a single division of soldiers completely, 33,300 people would each have to buy a one hundi’ed dollar war bond. Remember, too, that war bonds are among the best investments that can be made as a means of having and saving money. For every seventy-five dollars which is invested in government bonds, one hundred dollars will be returned to the investors when the bonds reach their maturity value. We can see no reason why any citizen of the United States should not “Back the Attack” and invest as much in War Bonds during the Third War Loan Drive as he or she can afford.—e.m.
“The job .seems all right, tho they do NOT want workers—only time wasters. I thot I had seen a lot of waste, but nothing compared with this. Seems like .many men come and go. I worked 6 hrs. today but never had my hands on a tool.” A copy of this letter was circulated to interested government departments but apparently it had no effect upon improving the efficiency of this defense project in Alaska. For one month later, another worker wrote to friends of his in Shelton, Wash.: “All we do is sleep, work and eat—as for work we do very litle of that. Ovpr fifty percent of the people wish to go out ,the company refuses to release them. Consequently they figure, if they don’t produce anything on the job, the government Will get disgusted and cancel their contract. -It’s terrible situation as far as 1 can see. The company can blame no one but themselves. . . . Before you will change the morale of the workers here, you will have to change the management.” Alaska Manager Complains It would be expected that if any value was to be derived from opening private mail and circulating these letters to government agencies, the inefficiency would be rectified immediately. However, one month after the second letter (many other similar letters had been viewed by the censor meanwhile), the Alaska manager wrote to the executive manager of the company, as follows. I “It actually seems to me that the company is sacrificing the good of the war effort in Alaska for their personal friendship of the men I have spoken to you of. ‘Frankly, from the outsider’s point of view, this job up to the present time has not been very savory, and while I am. sure that most of the conditions have arisen through misunderstanding and personalities, yet there have been conditions existent on this job that would not bear the light of investigation. The waste of man hours and material is appalling. I believe it can be largely overcome by new blood and proper organization.” This was when the Japs were still in the outer liinges ot the Aleutian Islands and when bases were vitally needed in Alaska. The situation finally has been rectified, but it took a long time. Working conditions were such as could be noted by any half blind Army or Navy inspector without opening private letters. NOTE: The censor noted at the bottom of letters, ‘ Punctuation and grammai' as in original.” (Copyright, 1948, by United Feature Syndicate, Ine.)
GRINAb©aMRf
jiJ Lttlily
.4...... i
4.,,„ ,1,^
Tell US how you won the war. Pop, fillrnghut all those forms.”
The Ratio.
Knows... to 1
GREETINGS, you lovely little
devils. Have ybu all tucked your- Ginny Keiser Who plans to bag selves cozily into the ensuing George S«»ntland into a little game snappy semester? What is usually of marriage; this Sunday. Don’t fr,idAY a delightful Autumn now promises worry friends, he knows about it; in 10:3O—News to be disgustingly long, large, and fact it was his idea. Congratula-
lamentable; all of which could be tions, you two.
WBAA Schedule
P'j'- .
^ ‘ 92d'jtilocycles THURSI)Ay-4<: •! ilG-:3Q-r-News . ■ ,'
)L0 ;46t—Morning Melodies 11:00—federated Clubs
11:15—Music
11:80—Music ' 11:60—Purdue News
11:56—News
12;;00—Farm Eoruth 12:30—Meet the Band
l;ff:66—News
, 1:00—Parents’ Forum i 1:16—Music , ■ . , 1 .•30—Science Review 1:46—Markets / ■'
1:56—News
2:00—Stqry a Day 2 :15—The Apothecary 2:30—-Treasure Chest
2:65—News
3:00-—Symphony Hall , '3:56—Ne'ws — . , j ' 4:00—^Tpa,Time Tunes 4:30—^Just Relax 4:46-L(rust Relax ’ 4:65—News:,,, 6:00—Little Miss Muffett
6; 16—^Music 5:30—Vespers
5:46-^ports Review 6:00—A Minute of Prayer 6:01—'Dinner Hour .
6:56—News. .
7:00—Navy V-12 Band 7:16—Beyond Victory, What ? 7:30—South American Way,
7:46—Music 7:66—News
8:00—The Bookman
8:16—Music
8:45—Eventide Echoes
8:65—News
9:00—Musie&na
9:30—Anything But Swing 9:46-From the Press Box
10:06—-Off the Air
brightened obnoxiously by a few meantime an tne other litillicit intrigues, gun battles, peiox- ^.Ipha Chi’s are sitting around ide blondes, dead home economic bated breath waiting for Joan
teachers, crap games. No. 18 coupons, and anything else you have on
hand.
Korte to get those pickled Jap’s ears that are being sent to her from over there by Lt., Hehsel.
With or without two-week inter- Not quite on the pickled order, ference, splashy sparklers continue but just as durable is the marriage to pass in and out of the luminous of Alpha Xi Betty Evans to Ensign portals of Kappa Kappa Gamma. Othsmar Burga, formerly of the Most recent of the kiddies to take University AGR’s. This little cerethe next to the final step is Jean mony took place on August 31 while Yost, who became engaged to Howje everybody was home on vacation.
WHAM!! And we could say—' bang. Sunday, Sept. 5 was a big day in the otherwise placid life of one
10:46—Morning Melodies 11:50—^^Purdue News
11;56—News
12:00—Farm Forum . 12:30—Meet the Band
12:65—News
1:00—Home Makers Club of the
Air
1:16—Music 1:80—Music, 1:56—News 2:00—Story a Day 2:16—^^Treasury Star Parade 2:30—.Music ' 2:56—News 3:00—Afternoon Medolies 3:15—WAVES Recruiting 3:30—Musical Varieties
:8:ff6^—News .i,v -, 4:00—^^Tea Time'Tunes „ ■ 4:30—Just Relax 4:b6—News ■ 6:00—Little Miss' Mu'ffe^tT 6:16—Sarh Hamiltompianist, 6:30—Vespers 6:4'6—iSports Review • ' 6:00—A Minute of Prayer ■ 6:01—^Dinner Hour 6:66—News. . J 7:00—Memories of the Masters 7 :30—^M'Usic ’ 7:00—^Memories of the, M'asterb. 7;30—Mpsic ,, :'.' ^ y ,;;e v':' 7:45—Music 7:66-,^News 8:00—^W:5AA Barn Dance 8; 3()—Todd Grant Gets the^ , :■ Story ; ■ , 8:46—rlSventide Echoes ■ 8:66—News 9:00—Musicana • 9:30—Anything But Swing 9:66—^^News , 10:05—Off the Air Fpr The Honor Of Old Purdue First Stanza Come along, let us join, in a song, ^ Hail to old Purdue! . On the Wabash she stands, witti^*r , welcoming ihands, As an Alma Mater true. Far and wide, she’s ou.r own Hoob--ier Piade, Ever we loyal will be,. So we’ll sing it out and we’ll raise a shout, . ' ■ For our University. Chorus Then Hail! All Hail to old Purdui^! The pride of all the West, We’ll sing out the story, arid we’U tell ,out the glory, Of the school we loye the best. Then Hail! AU Hail to Purdue! Our Alnia Mater true. And we’U ever stand, ev’er .heart and hand. For the honor of old Purdue. Second Stanza Once again in a mighty refrain, Hail to old Purdue! From the ends of the earth, men have heard of her worth, And have found her to be true. She’s so grand; she’s the best ;n the land;, , . , Ne’er can her full worth be told, Tho’ both loud and long, her .alumpi strong, May sing of the Black and Gold.;
Davidsmeyer, formerly of the Iowa U. football team—but now of the
Navy Air Corps.
Latest victim of the Kappa ouiierwise uutciu iij.e ux une , , t. j, u x • T>i,- o • r u w r. ^ i •. .. ment With a dash of pepper about amours is Phi Psi, John Woolmg, Jim Craig, Sigma Chi contribution , , ,. , , , xx x
tobt WASHED AIR
TT • TD t. 1 1 ' , ^ rr,, • y-, • , • tho sulc (just to muke thc cob conUniqn Prexy, who only a week oi to the Marines. This Craig boy is . , ,, , ' v . T , , • .. ... . , sistently corny—and we reter to
so ago- slipped a rock, with a cn- ordinarily the quiet, modest, unas- „ ,,
.. 11 X 4.1. u 4. . . . , . this column) of the Chi Omega’s,
ciimierence compaiable to the hat- suming sort, so when he came in on '
size of a University Marine, on the that illustrious evening wearing engagement finger of Jean Holtsen. several shades of a mixed blend of Meanwhile the campus female popu- purple and red on a face which was
lation staggers on. wreathed in happy, though soirie-
what embarrassed, smile, roomAll peacefully slumbering souls mate, Bill Steck, an old married reposing west of the campus ex- man of long standing, could come perienced a mild blitz the other to but one conclusion. And sure night in the form of a Delta Gam- enough! The dear boy (Jim
TOPAY THRU SATURDAY
Marge Dresbaeh. The little gal whipped oft' and got herself engaged to a very impressive person in the Air Corps who turns out to be quite the mystery man since nobody .seems to know so mqch as his name.
separating the two houses.
Big doings at the Alpha Chi house this fascinating week! Batting 300 in the lead-off position is
force would like to know what happened to the little guy in Maxwell Field who was worth spending a vacation on, or was it the same guy? Let’s finish off this .fiimsy . fila-
HELD OVER - THRU SAT. HEROINES FIRSf...BUT WOMEN IN lOVExgj
CLAUDETTE
COLBERT GODDARD LAKE So PROUDLY’V^ HAir
Personnel Notes Companie.s sch; .lub ii to visit the eampu.s; The Glenn L. MartinCo., Baltimore, Maryland—Friday, .September 10. Intere.sted in A.E., M.E., C.E., E.E., P.S.E. General Motors Corporation, Detroit, Michigan—September 10 and 11. interested in Engineer.s, Chemisls (Men and Women). The AUaiitic/Kefiiiiiig Company, Philadelphia, l-feno.sylvania — Mon-
day, September 13... Interested in Chemical Engineers, Chemists. Shell Development Company, Emeryville, California — Wednesday, .Sejitember 22. Interested in ChmeisLs, Ch.E., M.E., C-E-, E-E., Phy.sici.sts. Eastman Kodak Company, Rochester, N. Y.—Tuesday, September 21. Interested in Chemists, Ch.E., M.E., E.E., PS.E., Physicists. National L'nion Radio Corporation, Newark, N. J.—September 29 Interested in E.E., Physicists.
General Electric Company, Sche nectady, N. Y.—Date to be. an .nounced. Interested in M.E., E.E.
Do YOU like to tell on YOUR •we friends? Are YOU a gossip , inon-
ma-ATO tug-o-war over the DC moan) had whisked Pat Carol from ger? If so gather up a whole bunch furniture. Ferocious screamings out her Pi Phi abode to his home for of the sticky stuff and shoot it over and bowlings and nauseating the week-end, where and at which this way, where you, knew it will
sounds of breaking chairs, bones, time he affixed in the appropriate and bed slats emulated' from the spot his Sigma Chi fraternity pin. shaking frame of the stricken house Good old gay and carefree ^rater-
for a^ijeriod of Several hours. 'When iiity-pin days, finally the fray was o’er and there —
was no more furniture to break, it And while the subject is still will ease your palpitating hearts to 'warm—at least that is the assumpknow, gentle readers, that the re- tion— Ruth Ford, junior coed-edi-mainder of the evening was spent tor on Expo’, has succumbed to the in tender jserenadings back and masculine wiles of Bart Dickey, Alforth across the public highway pha Chi Rho. And now the Expo’
tilArmy, Mfvy, Marim Mews
HiBpt&mher 9, 1943
Service By Service MM
Service Men To Atte#
lit Bufiness Conflict
Moyiej A| 4 Itt Armory
to tae Office of War Information the man m um-
'6^ to^fty will he pjrotecteff from business troubles at home
hjle Jbe is IB (the service of his country. During the last war
hb government found it necessary to find a means to insure
ht a man ^Uibkly pdt m uniform would not suffer because of
fohtigafetOBS he had undertaken as a civilian In addition, such
?a mftji eould not be placed at ,
khbBlellC-ytb# his,6ted]|.t0>rs> who other piovisions of the law pie^i^nt take advantage of his vent the hasty evidtion of depenmil^ry^absentneF dents under foreclosure or for unj . . , ,, pard rent and protect rnsurance tin ^ means to an end the ppUcy holders rn regard to unto ^bl^lers’ and SailorsM Relief ward actions of an assignee In ad
All sfervicemelr arp ^elcomS to attend the one hour show of GI shorts when it is repeated at 4 o’clock this afternoon in the Armory The films are repared and released by the Speclpl Service Division of the Army Service yoice apd are intended fpi personnel of the Armed Forces exclusively The program consists of a featurette, a newsreel and a group sing
ASfP Will Prie&eqt First Army Show On September 25 In Music Hall u ® y' .A*- 4 - rJ, ^ Mi
Show Wifi f^ut Accent On Music
Xll€ FOrum I ^ /M Schedules Laughs; Open To Everyone
By Pfc GabtietEhas
■^et Wafr enacted i« lfi40 Under the dition to various other measures for |ieadlh|J of “general relief” this Act assistance, postponement, and lejprj>Vi4es for thfe staying of court ac- lief the law in general prohibits inHfon detrthfiental to the interests of teiest charges on outstanding obli ^^tVicemen untjl the duration or the gations of servicemen from exceed^oetpohjng until the appointment ing 6 per cent per year
by thfe court of an attorney to rep-
resent the man in service
Servicemen are required to pay
Service Nqt Blapaed Time income tax, but collections are de ^ The peiwod ^of military service feiable for a period extending not no^ cov^nt «8 elgpsed time qn- mope than six months following E lf Arty -Of regulations of then discharge Legislation has nnatjott for apy court proceedings been approved by Congress and
signed by the President providing
for absentee voting by servicemen for the election of President, VicePresident, members -of Congress and also, if the law of a particular State permits, for the election of State and local officials The Act covers only persons duly qualified to register and vote under the law of the State of their residence who are absent on active duty All States except Delaware, Kentucky and New ^Mexico permit absentee votmg
Editor s Note The rorum is the service man’^personal column Should he agree disagree or not care we woud like to know Those wishing to talk aboyt something dlf j^E^nt (witlim reason) that s bothering them should write to the Forum, j/o the Exponent Union Building We 11 hash it out in this column
One War
Buy War Bpn^$ And Stamps
Enter Your Photographs Now! ' ’
Army—-Leave Photos at Battery Orderly Rooms Navy—Marines—Leave Photos in Room 1.^7 W. Cary Hall ' * ‘ All Servicemen—^Leave Photos in Exponent Office (Union Bldg.)
Exponent Service Mej^’s Beauty Contest
After this one there will be no further wais between nations Civil strife will always crop up to coj icct a legal structure loaded against the majority, but honest to good pess wars between natrons are through The world even now is so compact a social, political and economic entity that even the present conflict looks more like a lebelhous uprising by the dictatorial powers against the growing unified hope of peoples all over the globe for a cooperative world democracy. Waix, like everything else that depends on group activity, are a function and product of mqitf's con tact with man Today traffic of goods and ideas carries man all over the globe, so wars have become world wide in scope There can be no individual conduct today in any part of the globe that does not affect the entire world organ ism
Navy & Marine Softball Thursday, Sept. 9 1— AJ vs A5 2— -A2 vs A6 3— A3 vs E4 4— A4 vs E3 5— A1 vs B6 6— ^AS vs B8 7— Blvs D5 8— B2 vs Cl 9— B3vs M7 10— B4 vs D6 11— B5 vs C6 12— B7vs D3 13— A2 vs C8 14— 03 vs D1 16—04 vs D2 16—05 vs M9 17_D4vs MIO 18— El vs M8 19— E2 vs til
Trumpet fUnfaTeh and doD drums' the Army at the University IS taking over September 25 at the Music Hall for Hie first all-soldier show to be presented here since the ASTP
ai rived
The opus, as yet untitled (except that it has been unanimously decided by all concerned not to call it the Army Happy Hour) IS already deep in rehearsals
and with its accent on mus^ and laughs, holds a rich promise of entertainment for tram-
ASTP Boosts
Scholastic
Requirements
cause they would not relinquish the sovereign right of each family to make its decision freely But man soon realized that there could be no freedom when he is compelled by fear of his neighbor to spend his life arming and lighting
ees—and for campus"^sailors, maiines, eds, co eds and townspeople as well
Feature
One feature will be the debut of
According to the Camp Grant the 12 piece Purdue Army band. News its probably too late to mean which has been acquiring polish very much to the ASTP’s on the rapidly in the past few weeks under campus—but if it s worth anythmg the administrations of AST’s own to then often battered feelings, the T5 Hal Cooperman, who was with coippany they’re in has been grow- Ted Fioiito’s Orchestra before ening steadily more select tering the Army In other words requirements for However, the supply of talent on
Individual Action
Only when an individual meets another individual, and the two are acting for themselves alone, can they fight without dragging in oth eiS In no period of human history, however, has man ever acted as such an individual Never has he been so isolated that he could move about without alfecting others whom he represented Only the her mit in the woods who never sees a woman never knows children and never §ees another human being is so complete unto himself that he can do what he pleases without con sideling the effects of his actions on other people But such a heimit ex ists only in the imagination of the stupid (iVho peifer to call them selves realists ) Family Action From the veiy beginning man has been a social creature The very in stinct that sends servicemen scamp enng after dates has compelled man to live m a family unit At the hist therefore the family feud was the prevailing mode of warfare because the only existing social groups were man’s families Eventually, however, man crept out of his little cave He got around and liberated himselt from the brutish ness of an individual beast He ac quiied new vistas learned to co opeiate, enjoyed the benefits of larger structures —and he saw that it was good Freedom Through Union But man moved slowly Fust the families refused to get together be
It must have been a great day for caveman Tones to get up one day and realize that he could do anything he wanted that day He would not have to direct his every energy towards warding off the expected attack from the Smith family because the LAW would not settle their differences How relaxing to live a man’s life’
hand langes in many other directions A whole show of comic writers IS busy under the direction of Pfc William Wellborn concocting ” gags sequences and skits Another
now a GCT scoie of 125 or better ° .
ASTP have been becoming increas-
ingly difficult
Psychology is still closed, and the foreign language requirement
Thus man left his first cell of faniily confinement and experienced a new freedom that enabled him to happiei richer life now that he had been freed from FEAR Thus was civilization freed to progress And so man moved on to larger and larger social structures, freeing himself more each time from that deadly FEAR that drove him on to engage in activities which civilized man favors least
plus the requisite education or a high degree of familiarity with a particular foreign language AAF Graduates Graduates of AAF Tech Schools aie not accepted in any case Men over 22 aie now lequiied to have had a yeai of college and both one year of college mathematics and a full teim of physics Previous lequiiement was a year of college and a year of either math or phy sics on the college level
coteiie of script men have been working night and day with Tech Sgt Jeiiy Koetting, general director of the whole business to fabri-
cate a continuity
T5 Flank Numbers has been busy working out with a squadron of vo-
With each enlaigement of man’s social units the scope of wars keeps pace The family feud gave way to tribal conflict, then came wais between geographical communities that had extended man’s organizations beyond the limits of blood lines Fust city states were the only natural political and economic geographical entities, so wars weie fought between these units Finally the cities united into larger states that substituted law and older for peienmal struggle Wars between the cities were eliminated, but theie aiose new ones between nations
Different Colors Used To Signify Various Branches Of Service
Notice Any civilian students or members of the armed forces stationed on the campus who are interested in becommg cheer leaders are asked to contact Dick Butsch, phone 8002 If there are any former Boilermaker cheer leaders left on the campus, |:hey are particularly wanted Plans are being made for special cheering sections for the various army and navy organizations and leaders from these groups are wanted
What outfit does that guy with the led piping on his hat belong to ’ So that you can recognize the col 01 s of the various blanches of the service, the Exponent publishes the tollowing list
Seal let with white—Engineers Yellow—Cavalry
calists, and skits are being rehearsed in fiat houses all over the campus Nor does this even begin to call a proper roster An unusual feature of the affair IS that many of the skits will be unit peifoimances written fiiiected staged and acted by men living in a
Green—Detached Enlisted Men’s single frat hquse, oi a single section List of Caiy Hall, or otherwise in a good Ultiamaiine blue with golden or position to work together as a
ange—An Coips gioup
Cobalt blue with golden yellow— Group Competition
Now when the woild is one, we see the nation =tates swinging it out without the benefit oi lefeiee 01 judge Yet we know that this is the last fling of a developing world, for we know we cannot escape history
Chemical Warfare Service
However, theie will be no at-
„ , , . A 1, 1 ri t. tempt to present the affair as a com-
Scailet—Tieia Aitiileiy 01 Coast .
petition between groups of men. Under the geneial diiection of Lt Samuel Naismith, battalion recrea-
Ai tiller y
Sliver gray with golden yellow-
Finance , rp i. tion officer, and the committee for Light blue — Inlantiy or Tank . ’ , , , , „ .
LEARN TO DANCE adult classes open BEGINNER'S Wed., Sept. 15, 7:30 P. M. ADVANCED Thurs., Sept. 16, 7:30 P. M. ADULT TAP CLASSES PRECEDE BALLROOM C|.ASSES
ALLEN^S 6th and Ferry
Just as man learned to free himself from daily, semi annual, and annual conflict by eliminating wars between families, tribes and city states,—so too will he learn to substitute law and older for world wais as the only civilized manner of set tling issues between uncompromising nations (Concluded next issue)
with white — Medical
Corps
Maroon
Corps
Yellow with green
lice
Ciimson with yellow—Ordnance Oiange with white—Signal Coips
-Military Po
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
AMERICAN HEROES BY L®FF
the show, which includes Koetting as chan man and Wellborn, Cooper man and Pfc Talburt Levine, all these various parts will be tied together into a co oidinated whole And to assure a more or less smooth continuity, there are also available many men with college and little theatre experience in diiection, lighting and stage manage-
ment
As was the ease with the recent Army Navy Happy Hour, admission to the show will be open to all. And will there be anything about the classes and the co eds ’ And will theie be anything about the Navy
Statements appearing in several Maimes’ You bet
army newspapers indicate that all
Soldiers On ODD Will Receive Help From Community
Benea^^ the relentless hail of bombs in a Japanese air attack ih the Pacific, Private William C Hamby, QMC,*drove nurses and wounded to the hospital and went back again pnd again to bring in more of the injured He made seven trips m all and won the Distinguished Service Cro^s. Bow many Third Wgr Loan Bonds can you yourself afford, to match those seven trips of Private Hamby?
available sources of assistance in his community aie now being given all soldiers leaving the Aimy on CDD, in accordance with oideis from the ASF Listed and described are such organizations as Veterans Administration, Army Emeigency Relief, Red Cross and vaiious veterans’ oiganizations Ihe seiviceman is also told wheie and how to apply for legal aid how to tonveit his G I in suiance to civilian type protection and how to secuie war bonds he may have pin chased thiough pay roll deductions '1 o Assist Servicemen The intoimation is given piiniar ily to assist the letuined service man in making an adjustment to civilian hie and to assuie that he is not deprived ot medical or other epieigency assistance lequiicd dui mg the period liom his dischiige until his case has been passed on by the Vcteians Adnnnistiation
Notice
Meetings of trainees working on the Army show are scheduled at 6 10 tonight for singers, writers, producers and directors. Singers will meet m 307 Union Building, while the other groups will meet m 212 New men interested ^may still sign up at either meeting. Sp«t3 are still open for singers, especially tenors interested m ehiprat
work
Coveied ui the range ot seivices
Beauty Contest Headquarters men’s Beauty Contest may now b« handed m to the Battery Orderly rooms tor the army and to Boom 137 West Cary Hall for the Navy and Marines Since the Union Building is not easily available to aW men, these arrangements have been made with the tour army batteries and w)th Lt (j g ) Lee Somers, who se office. Room 137, IS accessible to all of the
available iie hospitalization where navy and marine m®ii m Cnry, it IS needed, loans, assistance in claims and many othei types ot aid Buy War Bonds And Stamps’A
I'/’
PugS4
t'fi.-
iBoilermdfKer Efforts ' Thursdayf September ^^ 2943,
IIP ''/j.'ff
Burnham Drills Squad Pugilists Expected For Great Lakes Game Tourney In an effort to choose the men for his traveling squad for the By Saturday Noon Great Lakes encounter, Coach Elmer Burnham divided the t, ... .u n , . , , . . .. Entries for the all-campus intrateam into two groups for scrimmage in last night’s practice, boxing tourney will close Burnham drilled his squad in running plays, while Cecil Isbell Saturday, September ii. Over fifty drilled his squad in passing and running attacks. Burnham’s contestants are expected in novice squad displayed some neat open field running and very good weight classes since for-
blocking. Some good runs were
made by Lew Rose and Keith Parker, while Jimmy Darr at the other end of the field, was tossing some passes for long
gains.
While preparations were being made for the season’s opener with Great Lakes at the naval training station a week from Saturday were disrupted Monday afternoon
WRH EledsSteinecker To Head Hall Officers For Semi-Semester
ty-five have already signed up. The finals for the tourney will be held during the second week in October for a servicemen’s ttappy Hour
Program.
Loft, Ladd Instruct Boxers Since Coach Jjm Beers will be out of town until next Monday, Chief-specialist Loft and Jim Ladd, Chicago C. Y. 0. Champion, will
Presiding over the activities of help train the boxers from 4 to 6 the girls of Women’s Residence P- on the boxing deck. The box-
wcAC tijsiupuru iy.iujiU£av itiLcinuun ^
by the loss of Ed Cycenas, lone hold- through the remainder of the ers have been doing splendid tramover Boilermaker major letterman P^'^^^nt semester will be the new i^g since last week tnrough exten-
officers of the Governing Board; sive road work along with mstrucBetty Stinecker, governor; Susie sparring and exercising. Marvel, seci-etary-treasurer; Bar- Equipment for boxing may be bara Fischer, social chairman; checked out from intramural checkBetty Glass, music committee; Vir- out window. Those wishing to enter
Grancistand Echoes By Russ Lipes TECHNICOLOR CHEERING SECTIONS Gas rationing may keep many slpectators away from the Riveter home games this season, but the latest reports indicate that those that do attend are going to be well entertained. We heard yesterday that preparations are under way to have “technicolor cheering sections” perform at the three home contests. The guiding spirit of this innovation is Lt. (j.g.) Lee Somers, Cary Hall Morale Officer, and under his guidance the plahs are being worked out. To put across what we mean by “technicolor cheering section” or “flash cards” as it is sometimes called, it is a kaleidoscope effect done with various colored cards held over the head of the perfoi’mem as he sits in the stands. Using contrasting cards, it is possible to form different patterns and to spell words. Nearly everybody has seen this sort of thing performed in the movies, and many have seen it actually done; but there never has been a really successful attempt to do this around here. According to the present plans, there will be separate sections for the aimy, navy, marines and civilten student spectators, and each will vie to put on the most colorful act. Cheer leaders from each of these groups are being sought to lead their own card section. Here’s hoping that they can really work out something.
Great Lakes^ Fort Riley Meet In Season Opener Great Lakes, 111., Sept. 9—The moment Lieutenant Paul, (Tony) Hinkle settles on one of his six candidates for center a brand new Great Lakes football squad will be all set to defend the national service championship credited to its powerful predecessor in the 1943 opener against Fort Riley here next’ Sunday. , ^ '15 “We tried five centers'against the Chicago Cardinals last Saturday and we’re still look
back, who was sidelined by the team physician due to a strained knee
ligament.
Cycenas Has Knee In Cast Cycenas, leading candidate for
right halfback, twisted his knee in Feller, war effort committee; the tournament may do so by sign-
scrimmage and when the injuiy Carol Lofquist, library chair-
failed to respond to treatment the
knee was placed in a cast. The team Executive positions held in South physician said that the Boilermaker hall are Virginia Feller as presiyeteran might be out of action for dent, Mary Smedly secretary-treas-two weeks and that there was con- urer, Betty Glass as social chairsiderable question whether he would man. North hall executives are: be able to take his place in the line- Carol Lofquist, president; Marion up against Great Lakes. Means, secretary-treasurer; and Parker, Gerker At Halfback social chairman, Barbara Fischer. During yesterday afternoon’s Wood Hall has Louise Bruce as workout, the halfback posts were president; Betty Lutz, secretaryshared by Keith Parker, Ed Gerker, treasurer; and Dorothy Hansen, so-
Len Milauskas and Steve Dubicki. cial chairman.
Quarterback positions weie filled by Representatives Follow < Sam Vacant! and James Darr. Tony Representatives-at-large include Butkovich, fullback from Illinois, Jean Brackman and Jean Ary of suffered a slight shoulder injury. South hall, Susanne Marvel and but he is expected to be back in jan Sible of Wood Hall, Betty shape for tonight’s practice. For- Stienecker and Geneva Larimer of ward wall candidates spent the bulk North Hall. One of the representaof the afternoon in an intensive line tives-at-large from each hall ocscrimmage in which the emphasis cupies a position on the governing
was placed on blocking and tackling board.
fundamentals. Corridor representatives from 35 On Traveling Squad , the various halls are: Gretchen About 35 men will be selected for gherry, Carol Moriis, Carol Jackthe trayelnig squad. This has been Jeanette Parker, and Bonnie no small job and as yet, not all of jjuprich in South; Jean Riggs, Ruth
the men have been chosen to go to Dorothy
Great Lakes a week from this coming Saturday. Some stiff individual competition has been going
ing up before Saturday noon on the bulletin board outside the Intra-
mural Office.
Capt. Roberts Reports In Colliers Magazine On P-38s Operation Appearing in the September 4 issue of Collier magazine is an article titled “Three Seconds to Fight” by Captain Newell Roberts, who attended the University from 1938 to 1940. “Three Seconds to Fight” tells how our pilots worked their P-38s in action ove.r the Mediter-
ranean battle areas.
Captain Roberts, now on duty at the Seattle Fighter Wing, lives in Hollywood, California with his movie actress wife, Sylvia Opert. On July 11, 1941, at Brooks Field, he received his commission as a second lieutenant. Since then he has pai-ticipated in seven missions over the European Theater of Operations. His unit participated in the invasion of Noith Africa Novem-
ATIILETIC SEASON PROMISING
Some time ago the outlook for the sporting season this fall at the Boilermaker institution was rather cloudy, and the coaches were vent to express their opinion as to just what would happen. To date there has been a record turnout for football; 16 men turned out for cross country, and the staggering number of 50 men answered the call for fall track, while about 50 men have entered the boxing tournament. In addition, about 40 men are already out for the swimming team despite the fact that an official callout has not yet been held. Looking ovei the rosters of these various teams we note that practically all of the men are navy and marine trainees. Just how large would these rosters be if the army would allow their trainees to participate in varsity athletics ?
SPUTTERINGS The Iowa game, October 23, will be homecoming here at the University. ... A very close race for the lead is being waged in the American Association between Indianapolis, Milwaukee and Columbus, with Milwaukee holding a slight edge. Rarely more than .015 ever separates the three teams. . . . The Boilermakers are being called the “mystery squad” of the^ig Ten. . . . Jim Allerdice, cousin of Princeton’s All-American, Dave Allerdice, is an outstanding backfield candidate at Indiana. . . . Nearly half a million spectators—half of them navy recruits—watched Lt. Mickey Cochrane’s Great Lakes Bluejackets play their 63 baseball games this season. They won 52 of the games, lost 10 and tied one. Quite a record; especially considering some of the opposition that they faced. ... Is the Coral Princess really Smilin’ Jack’s long lost wife ? ? ?
Equinoctial Party
Hegdal, Alice
Hrycak, Elsie Carey, and Shirley Whippo in Wood; Phyllis Under-
^ wood, Marlyn Miller, Carol Carter, j;
among the players to gam a berth ber 8 1942, being one of the fir-st on the starting squad since practice North Corps unit‘to appear on the
scene. ' He wears the Distinguished Fly-
ing Cross, which he received February 17, 1943, and the Air Medal
has been definitely scheduled with three oak-leaf clusters. Cap-
sition. Many of the big men showed next Friday, September 17, at tain Roberts won the first Air Medamazing speed in each of the sprints. ^ P- iri the University Presbyte- al for piloting his P-38 to England
nan Church recreation rooms. across the North Atlantic. His five The entertainment sponsored by confiined victories arc: Four Mesthe Westminster Foundation in serschmitt 109Gs, one-half a Mes-
. . . social fraternity, announces incoming students has serschmitt 110, and one-half a Cant the pledging of the following: Jim originally announced for this Z 1007, Italian three-engine bombSchaner, Bolivar, N.Y.; James Ben- Saturday night but had to be re- ei- . ^ , son, Niagara Falls, N.Y.; Donald arranged so as not to conflict with Captain Roberts has a total of 49 Fischer, St. Louis', Mo.';' Walter Richaid Ciooks concert and missions in the European and North
began.
To end last evening’s practice, the team was divided into groups in an effort to condition the men and determine the fastest man at each po-
Theta Xi
Personnel Notes (Continued from page 2) Sylvania Electric Products Inc., Salem, Mass.—Interested in M.E., E.E., Physicists. Sign in Personnel Office by September 11. Wagner Electric Corporation, St. Louis, Mo.—^Interested in E.E., M. E., Ch.E. Sign in Personnel Office by September 11. Dravo Corporation, Pittsburgh Pa.—Interested in'A.E., C.E., M.E., E.E. Sign in Personnel Office by Saturday, September 11. Edward G. Budd Manufacturing Co., Philadelphia, Pa.—Intel ested in A.E., C.E., M.E., E.E. Sign in Peisoiinel Office by Saturday, September 11. Universal Gear Corporation, Indianapolis, Ind.—Interested in M.E. Sign in Pei sonnel Office by September 15. Bakelite Corporation, New Yoik, N. Y.—Interested in M.E., Ch. E.
Sign in Personnel Office by Wednesday, September 15. Standard Railway Equipment Manufacturing Company, Hammond, Ind.—Interested in M.E. Sign in Personnel Office by September 15. E. I. duPont de Nemours & Co., Richmond, “Va.—Interested in Ph.D. Chemists. Sign in Personnel Office by September 18. National Lead Co., Brooklyn, N. Y. —Intel ested in Ch.E. Sign by September 18. Caterpillar Tractor Co., Peoria, 111.—Interested in M.E., E.E., Met.E. Sign by Saturday, Sept. 18. ixpoiiesii' Staff There will be a meeting of the Junior and Senior Exponent Staff and the Advisory committee in the Agricultural Experimental Station at 4:15 p. m. on Thursday Sept. 9.
ing for the right answer ” he said. Among the candi^tes are Ed Shayotovich of Nevada, Dick Stealy of Ball State, Matt Ivary of Ohio University, Mike Saban of Indiana and Jim Russell, East Texas State, none of ’whom has had much varsity experience. Along with the search for a center, defense—all phases of it—will occupy most of the .time during final preparations for the season’s opener. McCaffrey At End Offensively, the Bluejackets appeared well ahead of this stage last season. Led by Steve Juzwik of Notre Dame, Buist Warren of Tennessee and Ray Jones of Texas, Great Lakes scored twice on the Cardinals, had one 47 yard touchdown pass from Warren to Forrest McCaffrey of Purdue recalled because of an off side penalty and once marched 43 yards to the Cardinal one-foot line before stalling. Warren and Juzwik are certain starters at halfback with Ken Roskie of South Carolina at fullback and Paul Anderson of Western ReseWe at quarter. Warren will call signals and handle the kicking. Jones Calls Signals Jones 'leads the second backfield in the same manner as Warren directs the first, handling the signals from left halfback, most of the running, kicking and passing. The former Texas sophomore slipped through the Cards on one dash of 22 yards and completed a 55 yard march with a short touchdown plunge. Lieutenant Hinkle indicated the ends are set for the present with McCaffrey and Cecil Pirkey of East Texas State the probable starters and Joe Schwarting of Texas and Stan Vrabac of Ohio University in reserve. Strong Line Top tackles, probable staiters, are Charley Siferd of Ohio State and George Perpich of Georgetown. Guard is the best fortified position on the squad wtih two from the National Football League and two from Wisconsin heading the list. Henry Preston, Kentucky State is a fifth strong guard who probably
Papenguth Reports 40 Varsity Hopefuls Out For Swim Squad Coach Papenguth announced that forty candidates reported for the swimming team. All men who are interested are urged to report at 4:30 on week days to the Fieldhouse pool. , The daily workout at the present time consists of a half mile swiin and this will be increased up to a mile in the near future. Many of last year’s freshmen and varsity swimmers are back. Among them are MacMullen, breaststi’oker. Gumming, breaststroker and free style, Hansell free style distance swimr mer, Dunn backstroker. Leech fi’ee style, and Kann free style. Kortjohn, a boy from St. Louis, shows promise in the backstroke. There will be an intra-squad meet two weeks from this Friday. This will help Coach Papenguth choose the boys he intends to put into competition. Papenguth believes he will have a very well balanced team, and is looking forward to a good season, Elroy Heidke, a member of last year’s squad and holder of several world records, will not be back with the team as he is serving with the Navy at the Aberdeen Proving Grounds. Football Schedule Sept. 18—Great Lakes—There Sept. 25—Marquette—There Oct. 2—Illinois—Here Oct. 9—Camp Grant—Here Oct. 16—Ohio State—Cleveland Oct. 23—Iowa—Here Oct. 30—Wisconsin—There Nov. 6—Minnesota—There Nov. 13—Open date i^ov. 20—Indiana—There will be shifted to tackle. Starters are Russ Letlow of the Green Bay Packers and Libero Bertagnolli of the Chicago Cardinals followed by Evan Vogds of Wisconsin and Emil Drvaric, Badger freshman last fall.
BroWn, Indianapolis; Victor Leach, Morristown, Tenn.; Ed Crofoot, Arlington Hts., 111.; Tom Somers, Fort Wayne; Dick Whiteaker, Chicago, 111.; Ed Lee, Dayton, Ohio; and Paul
Whear, Crawfordsville.
Victory Varieties.
Notices
Classified
Ads
African theaters to his credit obtained in a total of 158 houis in ac-
tual combat.
Vallee
George: Your service page copy can not
he published until your correct name is
given us. —EDITOR Students Branch Members of ASME who
have not 1‘eceived July or August issues of ‘‘Mechanical Eng.” please pick it up in
304, ME Building. —LEUTWILER Applicants for Cook County Scholarships:
Please contact Mr. Thompson in the Divi- Lairy Fleischman, 7724.
sion of Educational Reference at your earli-
est convenience. This is important
—THOMPSON
I
Typewriters: Adding macninea, all makes sold, rented repaired and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C J. Kbershoff, 605 Mam. .'..afayette. Phone 2779. Money to Loan: On diamonds, watches, guns, luggage, typewriters. Albert’s Loan Office, 407 Columbia. Room for instructor or graduate student. Piivate entrance, separate bath. Call 6976
01 71362.
Waiters wanted to %\oik in liateinity house Those interested call the steward,
Tau Beta Pi: Keys for new members are here. Get them at 506 Russell any week day after 7 p. m. or when ever you can contact me. —WORMSER
Wanted—Waiter wanted in fiaternity house Appioximately 17 hours a week.
Cal! Heniy Marshall, 2390
Room furnished for firing furnace. Oihl ]obb extra Sec C. L. Burkholdei
Hortieultuial Building
Chi Eta Epsilon : Meeting \Vlll be held Fri- Lost—Stheaffci black and green striped
(Continued from page 1)
show are now available to bond buyers. Choice seats for the performance will be reserved for holders of blue and red tickets, which will be given to buyers of $1000 bonds and those valued at $500 to
$999, respectively. i
Bonds and stamps will be sold by coeds at the booth in the Union during the drive. WBAA will also take part in the “Back the Attack” program by selling bonds beginning today and continuing until Thursday, Sept. 30. All one has to do is to call the station and place an Older. Ar-
Puidue rangements will be made to deliver
the bonds to the purchaser.
day, Sept 9, at 7.30 p
the Chemical and Metallurgical Building.
—HITE
Catalyst Club: Meeting and party will be held Thursday, Sept 8, on the Chemical and Metallurgical Building south steps at 7 *30 p. m. —HITE Jlebris Distribution: Debris are to be div tnbuted in room 319 of the Union Tuesday through Friday from 4 p. m until 6 pm. —EDITOR Sophomore and Junior Civil Engineers: Are you thinking of your future as piofessional engineers'' Attend talk on ‘‘Advantages and PriMlcges of Belonging to the ASCE” by Prol Wiley on Tuesday, September 14, at 7:30 p. m. Room 201, Civil Building. —FREITAG Student eSnate: Regular Senate meeting September 13, as scheduled. —THOMAS Fraternity Presidents: Council meeting on Thursday, September 9, at 7 p. m. in loom 303 of the Union. —LAYTON Student Book Exchange: Book Exchange will be open from 1 p, m until 6 pm. for the remainder of the week. All books or money must be collected by Friday, September 10, at 5 p. m. •—GANNON Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting Tuesday, Stpt. 14, at 7:30 i) m. m loom 307, Union. —WATT AWS Judicial Board: Meeting at 4 p m Thursday in AWfa olhei —VEIT All Students: The party at the University Presbyterian Chuieli announeid for vSaturday, Sept 11, has bem postponed to I’rida\ evening, 17 'Jhis will avoid eonfliduir with Victory Vanities and the Riehaid Crooks eoneert. -flNDLEY Dolplun Cluh: Meeting on luesduy, Sep-' tember 14, at 7 J6 p rn in room 104 of Jh' Fieldhouse Plans foiWAquueadi vvil) lx djseuwed. —MURPHY Tau Beta Pi: Meeting ‘Ihursday, September 1(1, in the Union Room will be announced Jttlar, —HANSEN
in room 110 of founpain pen with name Lloyd Knight en-
graved. Rewaid 5021.
Typewriter service. C. L. Gunkle. Phohe 6943. Lost—K & E Log Log Duplex Deeitrig Slide Rule. Call R C Barnes at 71061 Reward.
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Try Our Casual SWEATERS \ —and— SPORT SHIRTS —for— INFORMAL FALL WEAR ’^juIUonX. Inc.
HELP WANTED We have part time jobs open for Experienced Grocery Clerks and Meat Cutters.
For further information call: H. J. PESHA, Phone 2820 Any Morning Between 9 and 11
I