mmm t I
*i
! ' Expoifent Will Open Campus Peace Poll Today
Students/Faculty To Answer Questionnaire On Peace, War 1 Last May, the Exponent, in the belief that both student and faculty opinion should be represented in the campus paper, inaugurated a series of polls with a questionnaire designed to bring out-faculty views on the subject of final examinations. 1'he results, which were published June 3, showed 60 percent of those who cooperated in the poll to be dissatisfied with the present system, and 47 percent definitely against finals. Today the United States Congress will convene for a special session to decide America’s stand in a world at war; and today, in lieu of this war which is a reality in Europe and an ever menacing possibility to us, the Exponent for a second time takes the initiative in discovering campus opinion. / ' j Dr. Sears Assists The poll will quiz both students sand faculty on their militaristic attitude, including their willingness to volunteer for service, their views on
the present neutrality act, and a plan for settlement which they themselves might propose. Questions wete prepared by the Exponent under the supervision of Dr. L. M. Sears of the Economies and government department. They will be distributed to students through the coopetation of fraternities, sororities, residence hhlls, and co-op houses; to the faculty htrough the various departments. Results October \ Ballots will be filled out and returned to the Exponent office by one member of each organized house. Independent ballots may be left in the Exponent box at the west desk of the Union, and faculty questionnaires returned by campus mail. The final thlly will not be published until after October 1. A sample of the actual peace poll follows^: 1. Do you consider yourself naturally pacifistic or belligerent in relation to everyday matters ? 2. Do you think anytlfing valuable can be gained by war? . 3. Would you volunteer for war outside the territorial limits of the United States? \ 4. Do you think that a war outside the United States might be called (termed) defensive? 6. Would you volunteer for war within the territorial limits of the United States?
6. Apart from your possible volunteering, would you approve <rf the United States entering a war in an effort to settle European difficulties 7 7. Can these European difficulties be settled by war? 8. Would you approve for the United States a program of ‘^complete isolation,” that is, no exchange of commodities with belligerent nations? Is U. S. To Blame? 9. Do you feel that America’s policy of “isolation” is in any way responsible for the European situation ? If your answer is “yes” make your comments on the reverse side. 10. In the war that is in progress in Europe today would you want the United States to give all types of aid except manpower to the allies— Poland, France, apd the United King^m? 11. If opposed to “isolation,” would you approve of the present situation under which trade is only a certain list of so called contraband articles is forbidden? 12. Or, would you approve of the “cash and carry” plan, imder which any article may be loaded at a United States port, if the cargoes are paid for and not carried in ships of American registry? 13. Are you taking or have you taken military training here or at any other school? 14. What plan for permanent peace do you propose? Write plan on reverse side.
Purdue
Z-18S
Volume 5L No. 10
Exponent
Louis KO's Pastor ^ 400 Co-eds Hear Thirty New Sophomores
In 11th Round; Fight Held In Home Town Detroit, Sept. 20—Joe Louis, dusky fighting World’s heavyweight champion, retained his title at Briggs Stadium last night against the game battle put up by Bob Pas-
tor.
The challenger thrilled the crowd during the 7th and 9th rounds and surprised even the champion by a * sudden onslaught. In the first round the former N. Y. U. lad was floored four times, but was saved by the bell. In the second round the fight was all Louis and seemed about ended. Then as round after round went on the crowd, estimated at 40,000 persons, was amazed by the comeback of the New Yorker. ^ i It was not until the tenth that the challenger showed signs of weakening. Louis ended the fight at the start of the eleventh by a quick blow. Pastor was counted out on his hands and knees, Sauers,'15, TdStu^ Metropolitan Parks For Nation's Capital Captain Charles G. Sauers, BSA ’16, has been loaned to the department of Interior to make a thorough study of the National Capital pi^rks, the metropolitan park systdm of Washington, U. C., it has been announced by Clayton P. Smith, president of the Board of Forest Preserve Commissioners. 'The loan has been made temporarily at the nofl«®st of Secretary Harold L. Ickes. Captain Sauers will spend the next three months between Chicago and Washington, for the purpose of analyzing the organization’s administrative procedure and the related functions of the various divisions. After graduation from the University, the captain became a member of the graduate school of landscape architecture at Harvard Uidversity until the World War started, when he joined the army and served in France as captain of field artil-
lery.
Fngilippring Fawlty Holds Firsf Meeting Engineering faculty members met ^st night ih the faculty lounge for their first monthly meeting of the semester, Potter and other heads of schools spo^e, ProJf. F. E. Sonneson spoke on his trip last summer to England. The guest of the evening ’^as H. V* Cope, ’98, who was chief ‘ engineer of Westinghouse for the ipnat 40 years.
Announcers, Radio Stage WBAA, University radio station, will hold its annual fall semester tryouts tomorrow afternoon at 6 o’clock at the rgdio station in the Electrical Engineering building. Anyone who wishes to be given an audition for radio, stage or for general announcing must be there at
that time.
On Monday afternoon at 6 o^ck, according to G. D .Williams, station program director, those who have already requested permission to have an audition for the position of sports announcer will be given tryouts in the EE studios. Union Announces Soph Committees Purdue Student Union has appointed the following staffs for the first period of the semester. These staffs will be changed at three-week intervals, the next change occurring on Monday, October 16. The staffs
are these:
Lawrie Brodd, Airplane Club; R. B. Adams, R. Uegarmo, J. Hugh, C. W. Kennedy, F. M. Merrill, R, W. Raney, W. C. Sweeney, Meredith L. Kirkpatrick, Olive L. Metzger, Evelyn Bromiley. Bill Crow, Riding Club; C. E. Brandt, J. Evans, R. S. Howkinson, J. Kutz, D. V. Mills, W. Schalek, Elaine Karras, Mary Spieth, Marion Jacobs, Bunny Evans. Tea Dances and Receptions Bill Huls, T. D. Carpenter, B. A. Frazee, B. ICappel, B. Mayfield, D. B Peterson, M. Shaver, J. D. Wolff, Katherine Murphy, Janet Avery, Martha Moon, Iris Baum-
gartner
Game Room
Jean Brooks, J. Albertson, J. C. Ely, W. A. Hepburn, H. Knight, P. Mewiell, J, Sauer, C Tafel, Virginia Diehl, Mary E. Schui^gn, Nancy ^hohste^er, Joan Eaulus.
’ Browe(iKg Rooih
Paul Hammdil, Bl A. Bain. W. R. Farhw, J. T. Jon^, B,* like, D Miller, C, B. Schmidt, G Van Biena, Phyllis Julian, Prances Jones, Dorothy Housekeeper, Bar-
bara Fellows.
Bob Tilt, T. Herrington? C. E. Good, T. Starek, Barbara Stocker, Betty J. Young, Keeter, C. C. McCombe, H. Peterson, B. Starek, Barbara Btoeker. Betty J« YoOBB Jean A. McClintock, Jeanne Todd. Art Club and Pottering Room A1 Clarke, S. BetouneS, H. B. Evatis, ^ F. Knipp, V. Hodsellrtan, J. Miller, R. M Schaefer, L. J Thomas, Mary E Lee, Rhoda A. Ifhrockmorton, Jane Stlckrod, Cantera Club „ „ ^ „ Bob Hotter, R. A. Canharm, E. Ford, P. A. Kalina, E Masline, G A Nothmann, N. Shane, B. A. Wlwnn, Eleanav Xlatler. nita Kersey, Fldrence Justin, Barbara A
Adkins. f
Swing Sessions and Variety Honrs Bill Woo48v J, F. Corya, A. J. Graf, B. A. Kemper, D./M^aniel, A 0. Finnoi^ J. A Starkey, Virginia Pitch; Elaine Wellington,
Estefle Young.
Teas and Receptions
Ruth Bennett, Barberg Ann Adkins, Janet Avery, Iris Bau^aAfier, Evelyp BropiileV, Virginia Diehl, Bunny Evans, Barbara Fellows, Dorothy Housekeeper, Marion Jacobs, Frances Jones, Phyllis Julian. ' ' Gnme Boom Marge Seibert, Nancy tocksteder, Mary Ellen Sehunnan, Malry Bpleth, Jdne Btlokrod, Barbara Stocker, I&Qda Ann Throckmorton, Jeanne Todd, Elaihe Wellington, Betty J. Young, Estella Young,^ Virginia PK®i*" '■ ^ Virginia^ ne Karras, Juanita Kerncy. Elinor KMtler. Meredith Kirkpatrick, MaJ^ B. W %n Ann McClintock, Oli^e A' Metlger, Martha Moon, Kathrine Mncfthy, ;(oan l^glud. Students who worketl foP the regjistrar during t^e September registration may obtain ih^ir checks by dulling at the regist-
rar’s office.
ftALPH B. STONE,
Registrar.
WAA Sports, Point System Explained Pour hundred upperclass and freshman women were guests of WAA at their tea yesterday afternoon in the Women’s Gym. Georgia Walker, president of the organization, welcomed the group which was the largest ever to attend any of the WAA teas. She then introduced the faculty members of the physical education department and the WAA council members. Ruth Swift, chairman of activities, explained the various activities sponsored by WAA and the point system. The heads of each of the sports told about their activities and announced the dates of the callouts for their sports. The fall sports program has been arranged as follows: Hockey—Callout September 21, 4 p. m. Tennis—Callout September 21, 4 p. m. Archery—Callout September 26, 4 p. mu ' Golf'—^Sign up for tournament, September 25, 4 p. m. Swimming — Callout September 26. 7:30 p. m. Modern Dance—Callout September 26, 4 p. m. Riflery—Callout second week in October. Dad’s Day—^Freshman sepedball, junior-senior hockey game, October
21.
WAA Hallowe’en Party—October
27.
WAA Hockey Play Day—^Exhibitioi^game in afternoon, October 28. Iflomecoming — Alumnae-Under-graiii^^e jockey ^ame, November 4. TT#y fra^e-l^^ovem-ber 24. Fall Sports at Cabin—November
28.
Volleyball—Callout December 4. The Modern Dance group, under the head of Miss Helen ^ight, gave a demonstration, and refreshments
j '
were served.
ii
Join Adivities Bureau
J
About 30 sophomores answered the Activities Bureau call at the meeting in room B yesterday afternoon. Juniors and seniors in (:he bureau addressed the prospective members concerning the duties of Activities Bureau members. Another meeting will take place this afternoon at 4 o’clock to assign committees. There are still several openings left for sophomores who are interested in the work. The sophomore duties for this year include office work, interviewing, publicity work, etc. The work can be done from 4 to 5:30 o’clock each evening. Any sophomore who is interested is urged by the bureau to come out this evening. Delta Rho Kappa Elects Estey Head Last night the Delta Rho Kappa science honorary officially opened the current semester by electing officers for the 1939-40 school year. Martin Estey, Sigma Chi fraternity, was elected president of the organization; Fowlis Munro, member of the Pi Kappu Phi fraternity and a possessor of a 6.60 index for four semesters, is vice-president. Lucy Demoret, Kappa Al^ha Theta sorority, becomes the secretary-treasur-er, while Mary Beko is the social chairman, and Janette Morris takes over the duties of publicity chairman. A 6.00 index for two successive years is required fob membership in this organization. Delta Rho Kappa will hold its next meeting Wednesday, October 11, for the purpose of selecting pledges. The regular meeting of the faculty wi^ hel^ on Monday, September at 4 p. m. in Stanley Coulter Hall. Please attend! EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, President.
ii
Mr. Scbul|ze, pMiM instrt^ctor, patiently’ i^YPi1||ns^*to' Y|ew riders ipate CYBry o^l^^r which is
Thursday, September 2L 1939 B. Burns Elected Actor's President; M. Carr V-P Purdue Players, social organization composed of playshop members, at a meeting in Fowler Hall last night elected Benton Bums, For. ’40, president for the coming school year. Bums is a veteran stage performer, possessor of several leading roles during his three years in the organization. other officers chosen include
This Hurts Me Morp Than It Does Ybu, Aiaefp Slogan Of Wopien's Riding Class
By Florence Justin
1 '
“Serve dinner on the mantel, please, James. We h^ riding yesterday, if you get what we mean.” That is the unanimous r^rain coming from co-eds enrolled in the PEW riding classes.
Beginners and advanced riders alike are feeling the effects of the first ride of the semester. With a week to recuperate between rides, they will get used to it;, hut now—I Starting right in by walking anc^ trotting ^he horses, the girls (an^ the horses) got a big enotigh workput to really let them know that they have been on a ride—and re-
cently.
a swell idea, IF you get the idea. Besides instructing, Mr. Schulze is also the general inspirational force, keeping the horses moving by means of his crop, and often he is the only force by which thd girls
stay on the horses.
A walk like that of a cowboy, and grimaces at move aye the external give aways for detecting thes^ 8(1rls. .^s for ^em an^ th^ir pers^l* feel^ga^v^,' ^:^ey cim’t walic, they can% dance, they can’t eat, they ^’t sleep—^byit they love it! ' '
Co-eds, Freshmen May Attend Free Mixer On Friday Friday night in the Union ballroom all co-eds and freshman men may dance free to the music of Harry McCrady and his campus band. The freshman mixer, which is sponsored by Skull and Crescent, will take place there from 9 to 12. In spite of the unfortunate accident to himself and his band, McCrady will play for the dance. Bob Reed, McCrady’s star sax man, will of course be absent, but a new man is substituting for him and the band will be in almost as good shape as before. Contrary to the practice followed in the last few years, cutting in will be allowed only between numbers. In the past this has been shown to be a more efficient method than allowing cutting any time during a dance. The Skull and Crescent men will endeavor to restrain the stags and keep them from pushing the dancers off,the fioor. Act Like Gentlemen pick Dibos, dance committee chairman, expressed hope yesterday that the freshmen would behave like gqntlemen and h®bP well out to the
^ides.
' The Skull anfi prescent members attending the dance and policing the $oor will be identified with gold ribbons. Members inspecting passports ^t the door will al$'o wear their gold “pota”. Passports o^ a green hue and embossed with the proper year lyill be required of all men entering. Po-eds will be welcomed with open arms, figuratively speaking. t* ^ Passports Available At FieldhoMe Todgy Student passports pfii( he available at the ^cket office in the Fieldhouse starting today. Distribution will continue, of course, until all ^ve been passed out. To obtain the passports take your schedule card to the ticket office on t^ie right side of the |oyer in the Fieldhouse and present it at the window. Your passport will then be f or^hcomi:^. All firesbmen who intend to attend the |ree mixer Friday night shoi^d be sure to Require their cards for that m the ba^sl^ upon which they will be admitted
Mary Jane Carr, vice-president; Patricia Heine, secretary, and Lew Morrison, treasurer. Announcements relative to playshop activities were made by John Dietrich, acting director of playshop. Tickets Reach 3000 Season ticket sales will reach the 3,000 mark, according to ticket sales manager Myra McKee, indicating that all seats in the hall will be utilized. Plans were begun for the first social event of the year, a picnic, although the date has not as yet
been set.
Persons who tried out for “Brother Rat” and “Winterset” should see the playshop bulletin board after noon today, according to Dietrich. There werq.150 candidates for roles in the plays and 160 prospective back-stage workers. Stewart Releases Concert Choir List Announcement of the members of the University Concert Choir for the current season was made public yesterday by Albert F. Stewart, director of
music.
Th® Concert Choir is the nucleus about which the larger University Choir is built. It is composed the finest voices on the campus. Elm^ Carlquist, senior in the school o^ '^echa^cal En^;ixi^iing, ha^ been chosen as manager of the choir and Eosempry Robinson, senior in
There wifi be a compulsory meeting of the Conc^ Gh<^ l^ursday, September 21, at 4 p. m. bi Fowler Hatt.
the Home Economics school, has been chosen as the i^ompanist. Following are those appointed to the Concert Choir; S^opranos Janeth Dixon, Aunagrace Mary Johnston, Rosebnd McClana hand, Anna Mertz, Alhe^ Sei^del, and Mnrj|orie Witiiamkon. TWWW Henry J, Amt, Elmer Carlquist, Robert Caskey, Marvin Smith, «id Ellis Verink. ^ ' Altos Mary M. Crane, Jane Fairbanks, Mollie" Harding, Carolyn Hadderick, Joan ][ri»^euf, Mart^ ]1Aoochoa4» pnd Jean Slider. Bass John W. Cochrun, Frank Firanz, l^obert L. Harley, fkipald Pyke, Jfoseph phepl^rd* Hohcfft B. Stanley, and Richard P. Thornton.msm
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thwmdoy. September 2L 1939
JinudifOaUc War Or Peace?— YoteYourself Today the United States Congress meets in special session to plan America’s course through the war days that lie ahead. American opinion is divided upon the course, this country should pursue during the coming days; divided as to whether the United States should go to the aid of the Allies—^Poland, France, and the United Kingdom—or should remain neutral. To what degree should America remain neutral ? Could American entrance into the present conflict settle matters of central Europe to any appreciable extent, except for the present? These questions are the reason for the Exponent Peace Poll, published in today’s paper. As those who will fight the war, should the United States either enter or be drawn in, the Exponent is interested in your reactions to the questions of peace and war. The basic questions are asked in the questionnaire. There are no specific questions, save the last which asks for your plan for permanent peace. Students should be the instigators of permanent peace. Many men of fighting age definitely denounce war on foreign soil, sajdng they would fight a defensive war on American soil, but would not cross the sea to fight on foreign soil. Question four puts forth the query, “To what extent do you think war on foreign soil might be termed defensive ?” Some may say that no war on foreign soil is defensive, yet France and Great Britain, to many, are fighting a defensive war in Poland—a war of defense of their existence, their empires. How the United States should conduct herself during the conflict is asked in questions
Purdue E:|^onent
Entered aa second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session Delivered locally by carrier for $3 00 per year, mail subscription $8 60 Editorial Board R. E Insley „ _ _ _ _ Editor-in-Chief W. E Smith. . Business Manager
D. G. Terrio G. W. Frederick. E. M Antonini G. Schilling R Jenkins _ .
Editorial R F DeHoog R W. Donahue D K Heiple J H McKee M L Miers J C Willsey D J
Editorial Director Managing Editor Senior Advertising Manager Co-ed Editor „ „ Sports Editor
Junior Staff Business R Fisher R. Hall A Hite M Hagemeyer T Petty G Cox, Sec
Sports J P Dolan S D Marquis M M Richards Co-ed M Burtsfleld G Carroll B Simpson
Henninger, Art Director
Editorial 4005
PHONES Sports 2792
Business 5038
RePRESBNTBD FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. CoUeze Publtsbers Representative 420 Madison Ave New York N Y. CHICAGO • BOSTON • LOS ANGELES SAN FRANCISCO This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University All opinions in it unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director.
Thursday, September 21,1939 Night Editor—McKee Issue Editor—Jenkins
eight to twelve. Number nine is for comment. Comment is what the Exponent desires. The purpose behind the Peace Poll is to determine student and faculty opinion on the subject. Prompt return of the questionnaires will make the tabulation job easier. If University opinion is to be had before the country’s die is cast, the poll must be returned immediately.—J. H. McK.
Glider Club To Show Movies of Soaring Contest Tonight Four hundred feet of colored movies which features Purdue at the American Open Soaring contest at Frankfort, Mich, will be shown tonight at 7 30 in the reception room of the Union Taken by the Purdue Glider Club this August, the scenes depict the club in action in soaring competition ovei the sand ridges of northern Michigan along inland waters. Everyone interested in gliding and soaring is urged to attend the meeting since it gives a good idea of what the local motorless group IS up against under contest conditions The Umversity flew against Michigan, Lawrence Institute of Technology, Cornell, Tn-State College, and Minnesota m addition to a dozen or so non-collegiate groups, and as long as they wefe competing the Purdue boys lead the contest in the number of points, returning with $100 in prize money The practice of giving primary flight training in multi-place gliders started in flight by a mechanical launching winch has been carried on here for a number of years The local group is unique in its opportunities to design, test, operate.
maintain, and compete with its own aircraft equipment. Furthei information will gladly be given at the open meeting of the Glider Club Prospects for this year’s membership in the club are especially urged to attend to hear the history of the organization and details of its plans for a bigger motorless year Met E Institute Awards Volume Ervin E Underwood, MetE ’41, has been awarded a volume of AIME Transactions, of his own choice, by the American Institute of Mining and Metallurgical Engineers Underwood was one of four prize winners in a paper-writing contest among seven schools in the Chicago area Underwood’s winning paper was entitled, “The Iron-Iron Carbide Equilibrium Diagram ” Tau Kappa Epsilon Tau Kappa Epsilon, social fraternity, announces the election of the additional officers DelmerN James, tieasurer; William Jesseps, historian; Boafclhian S Mowry, scholarship, devotional, ritualistic office; Nick R. Vasile, pylortes, Robert C. Pelke, house manager; Elmer Baggy, song leader.
Charles Grannon .. Sci. ’39, has accepted the position of graduate assistant in the college of commerce at the University of Iowa, where he is studying for his master’s degree. Grannon is a member of Delta Rho Kappa science honorary and Lambda Chi Alpha, social fraternity
USE EXPONENT CLASSIFIED ADS
ummsiu TODAY - FRI. - SAT. A THE NEW Redheaded Menace from Hollywood I —Lana Turner!
Cosmopolitan Stoiy with Lew AYRES *1309 TURNER RICHARD CARLSON • TOM BROWN Secrets of Society Lovdies! UnctMitir S. Sylvan Simon rndMwi by Sam Ztmlnllat
PLUS 2nd FEATURE SIGRID GURIE in THE FORGOTTEN WOMAN"
EXTRA . - PARAMOUNT NEWS - - SPECIAL News pictures showing actual fighting during German advance into Poland. . . . Also bombing squadrons in actual battle scenes, taken from a German bomber.
HOLEPROOF SOCKS • Now every Holeproof style whieh ealls for rayon is made with this latest marvel of Du Pont research —Cordura, a new yarn proved more than 50% stronger Increases durability, m the body of the sock, 25% to 150% by test I This extra value yours at no extra cost in the colorful new socks we are showing at 35c and 50c pr. THIEME & WANGERIN CO. 622-626 Main St.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
FRESHMEN! Your night of nights will be Friday. Put on your best suit, take off your green pots, put on a necktie, forget the gal back home, and pick up a co-ed. Then proceed to the Umon'building where you will have a chance to show your stuff on the dance floor. This dance is free, so make the most of it. B & B One of your duties Will be to keep a sharp lookout for the juniors and seniors who make a habit of sneaking m and swiping your women . . . they dance, too, you know. B & B Mustaches are quite the thing nowadays. Look around, freshies, and pick out a nice senior. Saye him for October 20, and then let him have it! B & B The old tradition concerning the . .. uh .. . gooiness of the co-eds is slowly fading away. The frosh coeds tins year are quite comely, don’t you think? I said COMELY. B & B NOTICE! There were no names mention^ in this column today. No contributions, no names. No contributions, no free Mars passes. It’s up to you. Drop them in the box marked “B & B” on the counter near the entrance to the ballroom. B & B We leave it entirely up to you! Get the dirt concerning anything, anybody, anywhere, and go to two free shows at the Mars After these passes are gone we’ll have more for you. B & B Meanwhile ask Track Manager Schlegel about a weak moment he had in Indianapohs this summer, and if he wishes he had that httle
“This department maintains a policy of strict neutrality, Truffle—stop writing ‘war clouds gathering’ in yofir forecasts.”
token back in his possession. Maybe the price was too stiff. * B & B And then there is that Chi O junior who wishes to announce that she isn’t married—^yet! B &B Heard in the Sweet Shop: “I call my girl’s newest gown Palmolive because most of it is the skin you love to touch.” B & B Some observing soul sent this inSights on the campus—One of the Expo’s old flames, making faces at the Botany Lions! B & B Sang Eve to Adam: “Love me or leaf me.”
Follow Your “EXPONENT OF THE AIR’ WBAA Tuesday, Friday—4:15
TODAY-FRIDAY
AIR CONDITIONED
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
MaiII
STARTS TODAY DOUBLE F^lTURE Alcatraz was to good for him I
Air thrills, hustian drama, never surpassed m film! Fredric March Carole Lombard Gary Grant Jack.Oakie EAGLElill HAWK PLUS . . . 2nd FEATURE . . . GUNS BARKING DEATH! RHYTHMS ROARING ROMANCE!
UIIU
IRIS MEREDITH and the SONS OF THE PIONEERS
TODAY - FRI. - SAT.
PLUS Your Favorite Fast Stepping Newshawk Stops a Killer! ^<S£Km MAW with GLENDA FARRELL BARTON MacLANE TOM KENNEDY
also Donald Duck
it
Srk
/
iOiimday# September 2L 1999
£xfwmjnJt SpoJdA fiaqs.
Archery Range To BeAvailable September 25 Plans are under way to make archery available to students, be-* ginning Monday, September 26. Located at the southeast comer of the three-hole golf course at intramural field, the range will be open between the hours of 4 and 5 each evening. Free instruction will be provided for beginners.
University COACHER the favorite raincoat $7.50 University men like the Alligator University Coacher because it is as practical as it bs smart. They like the 85^' sweep, the fly front, ticket pocket, convertible collar and bright brass buttons ... and they know that the lightweight fabric (in which no rubber is used) is absolutely water-proof, dust-proof and wind-proof. Deep sea green, yellow or black. Other Alligator raincoats in single and double breasted models from $5.75 to $15.75.
Band Prepares For Notre Dame Display Unmindful of the frosh and varsity thinly clads dashing around them in a never ceasing circle, the Purdue Military Band went through their fourth evening of practice with great success considering the limited amount of time which they have rehearsed. Prior to this year they had at least two weeks of rehearsal on their music before being sent out to drill’on marching and foijmations. This gives one an idea of the tremendous imdertaking on “Spots” Emrick’s part of whippihg the many freshmen in the band into shape. A brilliant future is in* store for those who enjoy the music and marching between halves. In addition to the well-known formations of last year, the Gold and Black musicians will present a Notre Dame pennant to the fans at South Bend which will appear to wave in the wind. Something new to tjie Purdue fans will be a Purdue monogram inside a horseshoe to be followed up by the large gjn:ating block “P”. Follow Your “EXPONENT OP THE AIR” WBAA Tuesday, Friday—4:15
ADULT TAP CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER'S Wed., Sept. 27, 6:30 P. M. ADVANCED Thurs., Sept. 28, 6:30 P. M. Don't’ Miss the First Lesson Phone 2150 ALLEN’S 6th and Ferry
So good looking and so practical I
iUNiVEjfsiTY Coacher, Raincoat
BY
ALLIGATOR
At
Bet^i
'er Dealers
Not style alone . . . but guaranteed protection against rain, too' Yes ... this most handsome of raincoats with fly front, full sweeping lines, casual collar, smart brass buttons . . . actually keeps you dry even in the severest downpour' The University Coacher by Alligator is one of those things where there’s no need to sacrifice style for downright practicability ... in fact, no coat equals it for either style or protection. Better get one today . . . IT’S SURE TO RAIN! The "Coacher” hy Alligator also available m Samlhur “Special Flnl>li“ ..... $14,75 Oalacloth $18.50 Other Alligator Raincoats, $5.75 to $25
Th« Alltgator Co,, St. Louli, Now York, Lot Angeles ALLIGATOR amf01&COS& because . . ; IT’S SURE TO RAIN!
Two New Yorkers...
. . . Paul Liebrecht, come-back fullback, and Jim Welsch, powerful halfback, are turning in a dash of spirited football action as the Gold and Black gridders prepare for the coming clash with Notre Dame’s pride, its football team.
(^hoksL By Robert J. Deckard
A recent column of ours, billed “Sport Shorts,” and several other monickers, was apparently received with some interest, because several readers have requested that we again list some oddities in athletics ... here *tis. —^fc Rockne and Layden are playing together again . . . this time Jackie Rockne, 13-year-old son of Knute, and Elmer Layden, Jr., aged nine, teamed up for a two-man piano recital. San Antonio, Tex., is proudly displaying a mural of a heavyweight fight which was staged on an island in the middle of the Rio Grande ... Fitzsimmons and Maher fought on the island in 1896, when
Frocks to take Fashion Honors on the Campus Never have the dresses seemed quite so gay and debonair as in this smart collection of youthful frocks! Of course they're perfect for college wear. You'll marvel at their many niceties of fit and fashion, since th^ price is so reasonable. $7.95-$15.00-$19:95 and up
both Texas and Mexico refused permits . . . one year later Fitz was champ. —fc— Why coaches die young . . . early last fall Bill Spaulding, UCLA coach, was proud of Bob Simpson, brilliant soph end . . . Bob was declared ineligible and didn’t play . . . after the season’s end, a clerk discovered that an error had been made in the dean’s office and Simpson had been eligible all the time. Vanderbilt is trying to get all opponents to utilize an automatic timer. Navy’s football captain, A1 Bergener, is the first four-letter man at Annapolis in 30 years, —fc— After a thrill-filled summer of laughter and tears featuring Gehrig, Galento, Dempsey, Nelson, Roberts, Feller, Wooderson, the hero’s mantle once again drapes around 161-pound Davey O’Brien . . . this time he’s out to show pro grid fans that the game has room for spectacular midgets . . . he’s the Lindbergh of the “good little men.”
Boilermakers Indulge In Shamrock Picking " Drill By Joe Dolan Oh, Elmer dear, and did you hear The news that's going around? • Purdue is planning to harvest the Shanirock—and on Irish ground And if the laddies of Notre Dame’s football squad think the above paraphrase on “The Wearing of the Green” a prevarication, they should have looked in on the Boilermaker scrimmage last evening on Koss-Ade recreation field where Coach Sfel Elward sent his charges through a hammer-and-tong practice
session.
——Bloddug uud tackliug fundament-
als, heretofore emphasized, were put into use yesterday afternoon with a vim. Almost every member of the squad saw action and last year’s lettermen played a prominent role, making the session evenly
matched.
Liebrecht Shines Surprising, indeed, is the manner in which Paul Liebrecht, senior fullback, is making a bid for a crack at Notre Dame through the fullback post. The big New Yorker, who has seen two seasons of service on the “B” squad, wasn’t even considered in pre-season calculations, but bis drive and ability to run low coupled with great defense work has earned the Liebrecht lad a smile from the
coaches.
Welsch For Brock? With Lou Brock still nursing a trick ankle, the play of Jim Welsch, who is going great guns at present with his powerful running, has tended to throw a rainbow over Brock’s misfortunate injury; however. Brock will be fit as a fiddle for the Irish clash. Purdue’s passing attack, which has been somewhat held up in practice sessions due to the failure of the Boilermaker ends to get the butter from their hands, seemed to find an ideal night for pitching the pigskin, because Rankin, Krause, and Sprow were definitely sticking to the heaves of Brown, Brock, Galvin, and Byelene in the old family way. Jim Miller and Tommy Melton, soph guards, put on an impressive showing during the scrimmage, casting a shade of sunshine on the guard post, which from pre-season indications didn’t look too well fortified with reserves. Riding Club Meeb Tonight For Year's First Session Purdue Riding Club will hold its initial meeting this evening in room A of the Union building at 7:30. All old members and any new students interested in horseback riding are invited to attend. Opening events on this year’s program are a breakfast ride Sunday, September 24, and a moonlight ride Friday, September 29. The Purdue club also plans to attend the annual round-up at Indianapolis October 8, 1939.
I-M Schedules
TENNIS—Today 4:15—^Freshmen
Shafer vs. Stone or Musselman. Hensey vs. Jett or Siener. Turner vs. Crutchfield. Blue vs. Willey or Northrup.
Silva vs. Nelson.
Singer vs Brower or Lush. Murphy vs. Mclnerney.
Pier vs. Stettner.
Schlueter vs. Marr or Kalbtleish.
Kolady vs. Herrick.
Osborne vs., Schalliol. Baughman vs. Myers or Conners. R. A. Johnson vs. E. W. Johnson. Armstrong vs. Tweksbury or Treffinger.
4:45—Sophomores
Kimmel vs. Mangold or Vaughap. Murphy vs. Wallace or Miller. Kirkpatrick vs. Lucht or Allen.
Craddock vs. Stine. Vitale vs. Lovett.
Westburg vs. Bryan.
Wood vs. Kurland.
Junior-Senior
W. L. Vaughn or Richards vs. Jim Mann
or Franklin.
Paul vs Ulrich. Kirk vs. Smithson or Demchak. Mees vs. Brackman Karnisky vs. Peterson or Archibald. Brinduse vs Wleklinski. Houston vs. Disher. Underwood vs. Jap Powell or Goerss.
SOFTBALL—Today Diamond “ 1— Ward 15 vs. Ward 3. 2— ^Ward 28 vs Ward 7. 3— ^Ward 2 vs. Ward 6. 4—Ward 6 vs. Ward 14. 6—C. H. 13 vs ard 26. 6— Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Phi Kappa 7— Ward 8 vs. Ward 13. 8— Ward 9 vs. Ward 11. 9— Ward 10 vs. Ward 12. 10— ^Ward 21 vs. Ward 26. 11— ^Ward 22 vs. Ward 24. 12— ^Faculty vs. Phi Kappa Tau 13— Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 12. 14— Cary Hall 2 vs. Cary Hall 11. 16—Cary Hall 3 vs Cary Hall 10. 16— Cary Hall 4 vs. Cary Hall 9. 17— Cary Hall 5 vs Cary Hall 8. 18— Cary Hall 6 vs Cary Hall 7.
Freshman And Varsity
Nines Combine Drill
Freshman and varsity baseball candidates combined to form a formidable array of diamond talent on the intramural field last night, under the watchful eyes of “Pop” Doan, “Piggy” Xambert, “Bert” Sanders, and last year’s varsity cap-
tain, Jimmy Thompson.
At the present time the coaches are weeding out the frosh aspirants in order that the team may get under way at the first signs of warm weather next spring. As Coach Doan looked over the players during the first practice game last night, he remarked that he was well pleased with some of the prospects, but was not ready to say who they were yet. ^
Attention PURDUE ENGINEERS SUBSCRIBE
to , your CAMPUS PUBLICATION i
Purdue Engineer 8 Issues’ $1.00'
U"'
f «E ^Ififiitpiilrp
'f •' ■' i0-
ThiinidoQr> September 21, 19^9
YWCA Finishes Area Conference Pians For This Week End Plans for the Area Conference of the YWCA to be held on the campus Saturday and Sunday, September 23 and 24; have been completed. A luncheon at 12 o’clock, an afternoon mass meeting followed by small discussion groups, and a banquet at 6:30 comprise the program for Saturday. Breakfast and vesper services in the faculty lounge of the Union are planned for 9:30 on Sunday morning. Representatives to the conference consist of cabinet members of the YWCA groups of Butler University, Ball State Teachers College, Indiana Central Teachers College, Indiana University, North Manchester College, Hanover College, and De Pauw University. The cabinet cordially invites any co-ed who may be interested in the movement to attend the meetings. This is a good opportunity to get acquainted with the work of the YWCA since the conference will primarily be concerned with YWCA activities and business. Motorcyclists Go To Lizton Rally Sunday Eight Boilermakers, representing the 'PjUrdue Motorcycle Club, left Sunday morning to compete in the Lizton motorcycle rally held that afternoon at Lizton. Several hundred riders with their roaring steeds took part in the different phases of the competition embracing plank riding, small circle competition, slow speed race, follow the leader, and backward push race. The club made the trip in orderly fashion with a double qolumn formation of four riders per column. Lunch was se^d to the club members at nooni preceding the afternoon’s contests. The club plaWttTstage formation riding practice on Tuesday and Thursday afternoons starting at 4 o’clock from the filling station across from the Union. Another ride is planned for this coming Sunday.
WBAA I Today 11:00—PTA Program 11:30—Parade of Melody 11:50—Purdue News Flashes - 12:00—Noon Melodies 12:30-^Luncheon Dance Time 12:45—Market Reports 1:00—Monitor Views the News 1:30—Melody Time 2:00—The Apothecary 2:30—^Yqu and Your Child 2:45—^Treasure Chest 3:00—Symphony Hall 4:16—Radio Club 4:46—Story Book Hour ASMEToHearJ. W. Parker National V-P Tonight Tonight at 7:30 in the Union ballroom, James Wentworth Parker, vice-president and chief engineer of Detroit Edison Company, Detroit, and also national vice-president of ASME, will address the Purdue branch of ASME on “Power Development in the United States.” The meeting is open to all interested in the subject as well as members.
Classified Ads
WANTED—Ride to Lansing, Michigan, September 22. Share expenses. Call 2H6. L. W. Mayhak.
LOST—Brown Buxton key. License case. New York state driver’s license. Stan Matthews. Phone 5734.
LOST—Gray Shaeffer "Lifetime” pen, initialed J, W. C. Reward. Phone 7007. John Churchill.
TYPEWRITERS—^All makes, standard ' and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. P. Ebershoff, 605 Main Street.
FOR SALE—^Tuxedo, size 34. Good, condition, reasonable price. Phone 3986.
LOST—^A brown bill fold, near the Physics Building. Stan Widman. Phone 8435. Cary Hall N. W. 321.
PROGRAMS, tickets, announcements, stationery and other printing at painless prices. Kane’s Print Shop, 401 S. 29th. Phone 5206.
FOR RENT—Students large room, two new single beds. Reasonable. Phone available. 221 Sylvia St.
LOST—Small green trunk delivered to wrong address. Yellow Cab Co. Phone 5023.
FOR RENT—^Newly furnished rooms, single or ' double, twin beds, graduate students preferred. Phone 45962.
FOR SALE—Boy’s Liberty bicycle; year old, balloon tires, gear shift, kick standard, shock spring. Phone 35301.
IMPROVE YOUR DANCING by Enrolling in Our NEW ADVANCED CLASS TONIGHT, 7:30 P. M. Some of the Late Dances Taught: Yankee Quick Step, Cuttin' the Rug, Moonlight Waltx Boomps-a-Daisy Phone 2150 LARGEST SCHOOL IN INDIANA ALLEN’S Sth&Ferry
durable lijtt|e unanipure case that you’ll want to have on hand alwi^ys for prettier fingertips. Pigtex leather oval ^ase, hardly Urger than a bar of bath eoap, in tan or bright red, holds these favorites: Reylon Nail Pnamel tliat wears so beautifully and is so kind to the nails^ Adheron (use as a base coat to smooth out apparent ridges; || a top coat for added bril* lijlk^el. f^empver |ii j^|y of If^vlpn ^pleme^tf ihpkcfi info « removable Celanese pocketi * No acetic acid, beUM’for nsili. V • • - Toiletries •—Street Floor
Pedalion
' committee plense meet in the Stiideht tihion office Thursday, (September. 21» ftt
... announces the initiation, on Friday, September 16, of the following: Iris Baumgartner, Attica; Phyllis Mae Umfreys, Muncie; Louise Krug, Evansville, and Ileen DeVault, Chaljners.
KOtiCES
Activities Bureau: Walt Gipe’s Committee: Eleanor Miller, Betty Graham, ..John Day, Donald Wasson, D. B, Modesith. Jack Stewart’s Committee: Pete .Wallace, Barbara Hyman, Hal. Schornstein, Jim Walley. Bob Gimlin. Lois Voeklel’s Committee: Thelma Jane Cox, Betty Hancock, Ray Johnson, John Hawley, Richard RpnvanOwich. Genevieve Houset’h Committee: Anna Belle Ball, Nelda Wood Bryan Husted, Frank Owen. —JQRGESON, BREUER. Sophomores: All sophomores who are interested in trying out for track manager’s positipn report to room 107 in the Fieldhouse at 4:16 Friday, September 22. , • —MANN.
1*IA Meinbcr8:- .A11 members of tha. PIA. who have htembership books ' report to the PIA offibe Thursday, September 21, at 4 p. m. Bring membership bookd and money. —DUE. Gilder Club: Open meeting featuring colored movies of ..Purdue ' in aoaring competition. Reception room of the Ijnion, Thuisday, September 21, at 7 :80 p. m. Everyone invited. -7-EADE.
Health Service; Students who Worked during physical exams may get their checks hy calling at the Student Health Service office. (9-23) —MILLER. Lutheran Students: ' All' Lutheran students are cordially invited to attend a meeting of the Lutheran Students Asroolatloii of America Friday, September 22, in room C of the Union Building at 4:80 pt m. —HALL.
and kegina Baker. Thursday: Lscura Betty Gregory, Helen Stallings; Erma Irwin, and ^H^len Ritchty. Friday; JEp Dsnnis; ‘Mary K. MlUar, EsOier Ki;^h6ff, ahdjfal^b Chhinberjleia:" 'b Saturday: T. 'StiSrs, Florence Vustin,. and Phyllis Stalth. \ ^9-2^ —SCHfLLmq. Motorcyclists: Second bi-weekly formation riding practice Thursday, Sepi .tember 21. Meet at Red Crown Service . opposite Union at 4 o'clock. Fob all riders.
—EAP^!,
Bowlers: All men interested in forming , a student bowling league, please meet. in the union bowling alley'at 4 p. m. Tuesday, September 26.
—king:
tant meeting Thursday, Seilwpther 21, in room 801 in the Qhemical hnd Metallurgical’ Building^ at:7:30: p. ,m."' ^ ’ ji. .>4,4 . ' v" . '4 ' _24^MamjNDiwj. ' M. E, Students: ASME organization meeting.Will be hbld ThUti^dlOy; Sei>t«Mhev.kl/'at 7:80 pi'm. in the UnWh ballrdOin,: W. Parker, chief engineer Of Detroit Edison . ; will speak. Eefreshments WlllJ^^e^ed. Glider Club: Meeting Thursday, S^tem-; ber 21, in roCm F.' of the Union at 7:80'p. in. Colored luo'vieB Of Frankfort soaring' metrt will bs shown. All students interested are
' weteome. ^ —ADAMS.
'iVrV-
Riding Club: Meeting Thursday, September 21; at 7:80 in the Union of old and prospective members. —MEYERS.
All Students: All receipts should be returned either for books or money at the book exchange office in the Union before Friday, September 22, at 4 p. m. Business will be carried on in the 'Union office on' the second floor. Books and money not called for will be cohflscated. —CLARKE.
Kappa Delta Pi: Meeting in the Ak^cuIturist room of the Union at 7:80 . p. m. Thursday, September 21. -^NEIL.
Christian Science Organization: A regular meeting will be held Tuesday, September 26, at 7:30 p. m. in room C of the Union. —FRANTZREB.
, YWCA Cabinet: Meeting at 4 p. m. Thursday, September 21, in the Women’s Lounge. —COOLEY.
Wesley Foundation: -Hike to Happy Hollow Friday, September 22, at 6 p; m. Meet at 436 State St. Tickets for picnic dinner 16c. Please sign up Thursday, September 21. —McFADDEN.
Playshop Tryouts: All who tried out for "Brother Eat” and “Wlnterset,” see play shop bulletin board in Fdwler Hall after 12 noon Thursday, September 21. —DIETRICH. Musician: Someone who can play popular music fairly well for WAA ballroom beginners dance course. Please get in touch with Cook immediately. Phone 36773. (9-25) —COOK. Union Workers: Will the members of my
Model Airplane Enthusiasts: An open meeting of the model airplane club will be held Friday evening; September 22, at 7 p. m. in room G of the Union. Everyone Interested is invited to attend. —HARKER. Tennis Tourney: All co-eds interested in playing in the mixed doubles tennis tourney or in the women’s singles tourney, sign today through Saturday in the lobby of the 'Women’s Gym. (9-23) —MATHER. Omicron Nu; Business meeting Thursday, September 21, at 4 p. m. Important. All members please be present. —HOROWITZ.
Sophomorez: Will the following students get in touch' with itte ' this weric concerning their work, past, and future, oh the Exponent editorial s'taff. H. F, Hays, Lester Robihaon, Hhrberi Payne, "VVilllani P. Etter, Richard F. Bears, Roger F. Nusbauni, E^ar M. Katzenberg, Donald S. Powers, John C. Jarrett, Edward E. Pickett, Robert G. Bosart If impossible for you to see me, leave your phone nuniber with someone in the office, or' drop it in the Exponent, box on the main Union desk. r —FRED, Exponent managing editor Exponent Editorial Workers; Permanent schedules are now posted in the office. If there are any changes to be made please see me. (9-28) —FRED,
Students: All students taking . military:training who have not been fitted for shoes report imihediately to the 'V’araity Boot Shop for fittings. Sophomore, jiiulow, and seniors desiring shoes, tehdri; to Supply room for. shoe slips before going to the: Varoity Boot Shop. Sox for military students are available at the Varsity Boot Shop. (9-22) —OAPT. BtOLMES. Exponent 'Workers: The following sophomores are to work as hereby assigned: Lynn, Monday; Pickett,' Tuesday; 'LSnnon and Novey, Wednesday; Mezger, Thursday; Carpenter and BoIIwinkel, Friday; and Purcell, Saturday. V.. -fRE?!' Gimlet: Short but important meeting In room O of the Union, Wednesday, September 20. All membera are urg^ to he present at 7'p.m. .-■ ( —FRAZEB
Catalyst Club: All nominations for pledges miMt be placed ip the box in Dir. Lovefi’s office by Thursday, September 21. Impor-
Surveying: Make up in' C. E. 6 is sched-' uled for Saturday, September 23, at 1 p, m. Permits must be. obtained in room 102, Civil Engineering building, brfore September 21. —LOMMBL
Sophomore Exponent Cb-eds: Because of the large number of workers, co-eds will have only one assigned night to work, HoWever, girls who wish to work extra may do so at their own convenience. The schedule is: Monday: Jane Julin, Donna Siess, Mary Bailey, Patricia Flint, and Ruth Rose. Tuesday: Peg Guise, Maeta Kaplan, Mary J. Bird, and Marguerite Funkhohser. Wednesday: Charlotte Brand, Helen Ritchey, Jean Ann McClintock, Florence Justin,
YOU SAVE MONEY When You Pay For Quality
the Purdue Exponent
Service Director'^'
• Florists
Dorner's Flower Shop Qualify Flowera
Main at 7 th
Phone 6050
• School Supplies "DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
MONITE INSURED MOTH-PROOF DRY CLEANING means protection, lonsfer wear, better looks for fine clothes.
SAVE YOUR SHIRTS Give fhem the benefit of finer, protective Crown laundering. ONi FULL YEAR'S WEAR guaranteed for ail shirts laundered here exclusively.
Be In The if Know
Read The