(Ehe Puriue sSxpantnt
Publishe4 pi^;ir by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME xLvra
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, THURSDAY* NOVEMBER 26, 1936
number M
Tibbett’s Informality Captivates Audience 7,000 Pack Jeff Gym To Hear Noted Baritonei Demand Many Encores By A. H. Forster Lawrence Tibbett unstarched his shirt and the crowd went
wild!
That, in a few words, is the story of last night’s convocation attended by at least seven thousand spellbound students and townspeople who had expected to hear a good singer, but had hardly expected^to listen to ^
Beard Prizes For Riveters At SDX Rassle
such a variety of songs presented in such a novel manner. The first half of the program was stiff and formal, with Tibbett singing melodies that fainiJly ireminded one of dancing around maypoles and gilt-decorated
drawing rooms.
Tibbett “Lets Go” However, Tibbett seemed to sense that the audience knew he could sing such songs and wanted him to “let go” on a few semi-classics and popular numbers. He abandoned his formal air, and with a wide grin splitting his ruddy face, ripped into “Shortnin’ Bread,” “Old Mother Hubbard,” a take-off on the repetitive operatic style, “I Got Plenty Of Nuthin,’ ” “The Glory Road,” and “The Road To Mandalay.” These encores, plus the numbers on the program, made the last half of the concert enjoyable to anyone, be he ditch digger or University professor. The audience which packed the Jeff High School gym to capacity, stood on its feet after the conclusion of the program and demanded encore after encore. He complied with a smile and concluded the evening with “Drink To Me With Only
Thine Eyes.”
Union Dance Today At ^ The Student Union will present its annual Thanksgiving Tea Dance this afternoon from 3 till 6t30 o’clock. Johnny Ammerman and his band will furnish “rock rhythm” for the dancers. The dance will be given in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building and will be free to all who attend.
First PIA Dancing Class Tomorrow The first dancing class of the Purdue Independent Association will be held tomorrow evening in the faculty lounge of the Union at 7 o’clock. This will be the first of a series of ten lessons to be given by Mrs. L. Duncan under the sponsorship of P. I. A. Independents interested in the classes may sign up in the P. I. A. office today or tomorrow from 4 to 6 p. m. The lessons are to be divided into two groups, one on Tuesdays and the other on Fridays, so that the members may choose the day which best fits their schedule. The total cost is $2.60 for the ten lessons and one dance, which will be open only to members of the class.
Phi Kappa Tau Phi Kappa Tau announces the initiation of R. D. Best, Elkhom, Wisconsin.
PENALTY DATES
During the present semester therd are four penalty dates. They are; November 26, 27, 12 o’clock December 18 to 12 o’clock December 19. and January 4. 'lliese four days represent the 24 hour periods perceeding and following the Thanksgiving and Christmas vacations. Executive Memorandum: “No excuse will be granted prior to any absence on penalty days. Any student, absent for reasons beyond his control or marked absent by mistake, may file with the President a certified detailed statement explaining the case within seven days following the close of the recess, petitioning for exemption from the disciplinary payment.’’ Penalty Rule; “Any student who is absent from a regular mee^ng of a class during the 24 hours (not including Saturday aftermmn or Sunday) immediately preceeding or following an authorised holiday or recess shall pay to the cashier an extra fee of 86 for each 24 hour period or fraction thereof missed.’’ M. L. PTSHBR, Dean of Men,
The “Rassle” is coming and leading the advance guard is a new crop of beards! December 11, a Friday night, is the date. It’s the Riveter’s Rassle Rolling ’round once more. Dance, Brawl, Hop? The annual dance, brawl, hop, or what have you, sponsored by Sigma Delta Chi, will be different this year. Tickets priced at $2 will go on sale the first of next week to enable military students who wish to cultivate beards a chance to catch up with the few who haVe already started whisker growths. Several beard prizes, valuable ones, are to be awarded at this year’s “Rassle.” A few which are eligible for prizes are the longest, most novel, blackest, neatest, and most like peach fuzz.
Boeing Aviation School To Offer Four Scholarships Four scholarships, totaling $11,000, will be offered during the school year, 1936-1937, to university, college, and junior college undergraduate students in the United States and Canada by W. E. Boeing, of the Boeing School of Aeronautics of Oakland, California. Plying, technical, and semi-technicajl courses will be given at the Boeing school as awards. The scholarships will be awarded on a basis of a thesis competition, the papers to be judged by a national committee of award composed of prominent educators under the chairmanship of Dr. Balwin M. Woods, of the University of California.
Westminister Has Open House Today Westminister Foundation house at 129 Sheetz street, will be open this afternoon and evening from 3 to 8 o’clock for students spending Thanksgiving on the campus. Entertainment, games, and music will be on hand,^and refreshments will be served. All students who desire to come are invited by the organization to this informal get-together.
Book By President Elliott Off Press Copies of a new book, “The Colleges And The Courts,” by President Edward C. Elliott, and M. M. Chambers, a member of the staff of the American Youth Commission of the American Council of Education, have recently come from the press and are being distributed to educators throughout America. The document was published by the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching. The volume represents a pioneer effort to assemble and classify the more significant of the records of the judicial experience of Am&plean institutions of higher education.
Fritzi Walkey Resting After Appendectomy Fritzi Walkey, University student, who underwent an appendectomy yesterday morning, is resting well according to information leceived last night from the Home Hospital.
Union Commemorates 14th Anniversary With Special Programs
In commemoration of two of the most important dates in its history, the laying of the cornerstone and the dedication and formal opening, of the Memorial Union Building, the Student Union will sponsor a program, consisting of a tea dance this afternoon, a Union show tonight, a Cabaret Formal dance tomorrow night, and a program, originating in the Music Room of the Memorial Union Building, to be broadcast over radio station WBAA Saturday afternoon. Cornerstone On November 26, fourteen years ago, the cornerstone of the building was laid. In the cornerstone were sealed many articles of interest. A list of the subscribers to the Union fund, a University catalogue for the school year 1921-1922, a list of Purdue’s Honor Roll—^the University men who died in battle— were all inclosed. In 1929, after some difficulty, the building was completed. On the day of the formal opening, about 12,000 people visited the new building. Special reviews were published telling of the history and development of the building.
Plan Series Job Lectures Two Meetings Especially For Juniors, Seniors “How To Interview An Employer To Secure A Position,” will be demonstrated to Purdue University students at two special lecture-dem-onstrations to be held December 3 and 10, it was announced today by President E. C. Elliott. The demonstrations will be open to all students in the Universi(;y but are especially for seniors and juniors. Both meetings will be held at 4 o’clock in the auditorium of the Education Building. At the first meeting a week from today, W. R. Allen, personnel director of L. S. Ayres & Company of Indianapolis, will conduct the work, actually interviewing students who seek employment. One week later, December 10, three officials of the General Electric Company, all of whom are Purdue graduates, will conduct a similar demonstration.
Mrs. Meredith 111 Mrs. Virginia C. Meredith, the only woman member of the board of trustees of Purdue University, was reported seriously ill today. Dean Mary Mathews, of the home economics department, has been constantly at her bedside.
Student Union Will Present ‘Black And Tan Fantasy’ Tonight
60 Tickets Available For Union Formal Bud Bryant Will Play For Cabaret Dance Tomorrow Evening The Union Anniversary Cabaret Formal dance, for which there are 60 tickets at two dollars each, still available at the Union desk, will be held tomorrow night from 9 till 12. Reservations should be made immediately in the Student Union office in order that the place cards may be made. Cofsages will be given to the ladies at the beginning of the dance and liquid refreshment will be served during the evening. Singing and dancing by artists from the University campus will entertain the guests at the dance. The program consists of Betty Ann Florer in a swing number; Ed Gross, Mary Ellen Foresman, with Russell Mock at the piano, in a singing act, the Sexton sisters in a tap dance number, and Don Mueller, with Don MacDermid at the piano, in a Fred Astaire solo.
Uses Under-Water Vacuum Cleaner To Clean Pool Baton Rouge, La.—(ACP)—^An under-water vacuum cleaner! That IS the device that has been employed at Louisiana State University, for washing out the swimming pool vfbiie it is full of water. A man dons a diving helmet and goes to the bottom to “vacuum up” the trash that gathers. The same water can be used for several weeks at a time. A great saving. But the water is not motionless; it is going in and out of the pool at the rate of 760 gallons a minute and passing through a purifier. A solution of copper sulphate keeps algae from forming. “Since the inauguration of the new system,” Mr. W. G. “Hicky” Higginbotham states “the bacteria count has been kept below 60. The average pool has a count of between 600 and 600.” Higginbotham declares that the water is better than most drinking water; he has drunk it himself to prove his convictions and offers anyone else who doesn’t believe it, a glass.
Illegal Cord Wearers Beware! Ag Seniors Send Junior Home Pantless
By L. S. Hardin Did you ever see a man walking t—without trousers? Well, about 300 students did. This unusual opportunity came about as the result of a very well organized and successfully enacted “trouser removal” staged in front of Agricultural Hall at exactly 8:66 yesterday morning. In accordance to previous arrangements, about 60 seniors in the school of agriculture, coming from all sections of the campus, assembled in and about Ag Hall at 8:60. With eyes gleaming and the scent of blood close at hand, they formed a gauntlet flanking the walk which reached out to the street. Victim Appears Very shortly following the set time 6 till 9, a certain Ag. junior answering to the name of Gripe, wearing a pair of much faded brown cords, stepped out of the building. (An obliging instructor had seen to it that the reception committee had been alloted adequate time to assemble). No sooner had the door swung ppen than 100 eyes turned in unison, and peered hungrily at that pair of cords which so closely resembled those worn by the now swarming eager multitude. Quiddy a huddle was formed—-the illegal cords acting as a nucleus.
“You have been warned,” a clear hard voice acclaimed above the noise of the angry din, and, without further adieu, Mr. Junior was taken in hand. Down, out of sight, he went. Buttons flew, someone was kicked in the face. A triumphant senior suddenly emerged from the turmoil, carrying the off-colored cords minus their owner. “Let this be a warningf to aU other illegal Cord wearers,” he shouted. ^ Across the street the senior ran, carrying the cords under his arm. Giving the cords a throw, he succeeded in landing them on the limb of a nearby tree. Co-eds Appear The 300 or more who had gathered to enjoy the free show, began to scatter and Mr. Gripe was just attempting to recover his trousers from their lofty perch when two fair co-eds chanced to pass. Imagine their embarassment at seeing Sir Gripe, minus his trousers, scaling a tree, a la Tarzan. The pantless Gripe at last secur^ his lost possession and not bothering to put them on, tossed the cords over his shoulder and quite forlornly, trudged his weary way towards home.
Play Combines Minstrel Show, Musical Comedy Combining a minstrel show with a musical comedy, the Student Union will present “The Black And Tan Fantasy” in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building tonight at 8 o’clock. Ward Stallings and Jeanne Perkins have had charge of the production of this show, which offers free admission to all University students. The entertainment will feature a singing chorus, a white specialty chorus, and a black specialty chorus, besides the interlocutor, Dick Craig, and a supply of end men and minstrel characters. Johnny Ammerman and his orchestra will furnish the rhsrthm, while Russell Mock will accompany the trio. Georgiana Baker and Mildred Rhodes will accompany other numbers.
Poultrymen Go To Chicago Judging TeamTo Compete In Contest Members of the University Poultry judging team will leave for Chicago this afternoon to attend and take part in the Midwest Intercollegiate Poultry Judging Contest. The team which will represent Purdue is composed of E. W. Anderson, A. Cantwell, M. V. Flock, and L. O. Buxton. E. E. Schnetzer, of the poultry staff, will act as coach.
Cooper Talks Tomorrow Dr. Vernon Cooper, professor of political science at Oak Park Junior College, will give his second and final lecture in the course, “Psychology Of Public Opinion,” tomorrow evening at 7 o’clock in room 6 of the Education Building. He will discuss the two topics, “The Press And War Propaganda,” and “The Press And Labor Problems.” Although the course is primarily a University course, others are permitted to attend the lecture.
Albjerg To Address Cosmopolitans Professor Albjerg, of the history department, will speak on “International Egocentricity” tomorrow night at 7:16 o’clock before the Cosmopolitan Club in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building. Albjerg is the author of “Europe Since 1870” and the co-author of “The Foundation Of American Neutrality,” and has written a number of articles for the Indiana and Tennessee historical magazines. He has made three-trips to Europe in studsring his subject. The Cosmopolitan Club cordially invites everybody to this discussion.
Wesley Foundatioii To Fete Foreign Students Students from other lands wfll be entertained at the annual Wesley Foundation party for foreign students this evening at 8 o’clock. A ping-pong tournament, games, and a musical program will make up the program. The party will be informal. Margaret Fantone, social chairman, will be in charge of the entertainment. The Foundation cordially invites all stndents from other countries to attend the party.
library Closed The University library dosed last night at 6 p. m., to observe the Thanksgiving holiday. The library will reopen at 7:60 tomorrow morn6»g.
University To Compete In Stock Show Staff Members Wffl Speak; Judging Team To Enter Competition Final arrangements were made here today for the part that Pordue University will play in the International Livestock Exposition, that will be held in Chicago next week. Members of the University's aniTnal husbandry department will appear on various programs during the Week. In addition, Purdue will send its collegiate livestock judging team to the International to compete with other college teams for national honors. Tomorrow, the last of 67 head of Purdue livestock will leave for the International show. Members of the livestodk judging team as announced by Prof. W. W. Smith, coach of the team, are: R. H. JParkinson, Prancesville; J. A. Hoefer, Lafayette; C. S. Dixon, Lafayette; J. M. Bowmar, Haskell; H. D. Elijah, Morocco and W. M. Clary, Lucerne. The team will leave tomorrow afternoon for Chicago.
Six Sing Winners Make Recordings For Music Room Recordings were made Tuesday night in the Music Room of the Memorial Union Building of the winners of the All-University Sing last Mother’s Day. These recordings will be played Sunday, November 29, at 4 o’clock in the same room. Those fraternities and sororities who sang were Delta Upsilon and Alpha Chi Omega, first place winners, Phi Gamma Delta, Kappa Kappa Gamma, Sigma Chi, and Kappa Alpha Theta. L. E. Putze, Union vice-president, in charge of the Music Room, stated that this was the first time that anything like this was tried and proved successful. Plans are being made to make recording of all the other social organization’s songs on the campus.
Roger Williama Group To Present “Elijah” “Elijah, The Uncompromising;” will be presented by the newly organized dramatic group, the J^ger Williams’ Players, Sunday evening at 7:30 o’clock, in the West Side Baptist Church. Mrs. William Kessell is the director of the presentation, and Franklin Barrett plays the lead as Elijah.
Dr. Risk To Lead Next Graduate Forum Dr. Robert Risk will lead the discussion at the next meeting nf the graduate forum on the subject “The Case For Socialism.” Dr. Risk was the speaker at the recent political forum and spoke for socialism. There will be an opportunity fior free discussion of this subject. The forum will be at the Wesley Foundation house at 6:30 o’clock Sunday evening.
CAN youff\-^ »> .
-S'4V*’A'’"''''f'- " f jV' ■('‘f'y'ii^Si^ur''^s t ’^n'f-s^s <«, »si,<5-»< ;
Page TVo
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, November 26,1986
f'^l) '■ t.'te'
i 1 :!
The Editor Says
Our Union The Purdue Memorial Union, which celebrates its fourteenth anniversary this week, is truly “Our Union.” With the additional facilities provided by the opening of the new additions this fall, the Union may still point with pride to its position “On The Corner Of The Campus Yet The Center Of College Activities.” . . ^ ^ Under the capable supervision of Lloyd M. Vallely, the Union has built up an enviable record of service to the student body. This year the student workers, ably directed by James H. Shoemaker and Walter Scholer, have cooperated admirably in helping to carry out a larger program of student activities than has ever before been attempted by the Union. Tonight, with the annual Thanksgiving anniversary show, the “Black and Tan Fantasy,” our Union is once again showing its appreciation of the manner in which the student body has received its efforts. The show seems destined to be a real success. We hope that the same degree of success attends all other Union activities during its fifteenth year.
The Exponent welcomes comments of good^ taste and reasonable length from tts readers
Race Prejudice To the Editor: Recently I came across a certain phase of campus life which perhaps few organized students are aware of, the prejudice of certain merchants and business men against colored patrons. This includes colored students who are striving to maintain the standard the white race has set in this country. Though those students are few in this University, they are still a definite part of the school. In this country freedom for all has long been a byword, and the keynote of our succesful existence. We extend a welcoming hand to foreigners of all classes, and offer a place of refuge for those who cannot find freedom in their native lands. Here under our very noses is a class of oppressed that is taken for granted. The ignorant foreigners are given equal rights with native white citizens yet the colored man is restricted. The argument is that he is uneducated and not our social equal. Surely we are not foolish enough to stick to that reasoning in spite of the evidence that, when given a chance in education, most of them make better law-abiding citizens than many of those who seek to keep them down because of race prejudice. It might not be possible to change the state of affairs over night. If tolerance is preached long enough it has effect in the end. I express my opinion at this time on the subject, not because I wish to be a crusader, but because I am getting tired of the hypocrisy of not seeing a situation simply because we do not wish to, when it is a direct antiethesis of our outward policy of freedom for all. The problem of race prejudice has been shown in the background long enough it is about time we woke up and educated ourselves to the connection of it. All it requires is common sense and an application of the principles of freedom already in effect.—^R. W. Eichrodt.
Thanksgiving
In the autumn of 1621, the Pilgrims of Plymouth colony proclaimed the last Thursday of November to be a day of thankfulness to the Lord for his bountiful blessings. From that time on up to the Civil War, individual states or sections of the country would intermittently set aside one day of the year to commemorate Thanksgiving. In 1864, President Lincoln proclaimed the last Thursday of November a national holiday for the celebration of this day. Since then, every year the President of the United States has set
$uri>ne Exponent
Founded in 188S
Xhitered as second class matter at tfae post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered Iqr mail, $8.60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE—812 Norib Fifth Street Business Ffaone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
■ditKW-in-Chief Uanaging Editor Associate Editors
EDITORIAL STAFF -W. T. Hunt E. H, Morris .. K. A. Barnette, J. K Brock, A. H. Forster, B. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler Sophomore Assistants W. M. Anthony, D. A. Bailey, J. A. Chapin, J. B. Clark, L. S. Hardin, A. B. Keller, E. H. Kellogg, K. E. O’Neil, C. D. Schroeder, H. 1. Stanback, D. K. Vance.
Sports Editor
Ayssoeiate Sports Editors~._.
SPORTS STAFF
L. D. Wood
_W. H. Fideld, S. R. Griffiths,
R. F. Obencbain
BUSINESS STAFF Business Manager—,—.— .Jt. J. Hulse National Advertising Manager.. — L. H. Brovrn Local Advertising Manager. D. 0. Miller Oircttlation Manager. .J. P. Girard
WOMEN’S STAFF Editor. — Helen Creech Aasoeiate Editors—...— —Jeanne Janousefc, Doris McCartney, Elisabeth Fyke Advertising Manager—.....—...,.——„„„Betty Barnett
aside a Thanksgiving Day fof national festivities. Today is the 815th anniversary of the first Thanksgiving. The blessings for which those Pilgrim fathers gave thanks have grown on a gigantic scale. The bleak, desolate settlement along the Atlantic seaboard has spread over millions of square miles of prosperous farm lands and glittering cities. The nation foreseen by those hardy pioneers has risen to a place of world predominance. The celebration today will be thousands of times larger than the original Thanksgiving feast, appropriately, to recognize blessings a thousandfold in excess of those received by the Pilgrims.—^W. M. A. College-Trained Citizens Dr. William Alfred Eddy, president of Hobart and William Smith Colleges, astonished the educational world recently when he announced that a four-year course in responsible citizenship was going to be a requirement for a bachelor’s degree in his institutions. Addressing an inauguration day audience of more than 2,000 persons, including representatives of more than 150 colleges and universities and the New York state judiciary. Dr. Eddy stated: “We believe that the worth of the state in the long run is the worth of the individuals composing it; that irresponsible citizens cannot hope to set up a responsible government; that dishonest individuals cannot expect honest public finance; that jingoistis and bellicose peoples cannot operate a pacific League of Nations; and that aloof, fastidious scholars will not turn into alumni impassioned for social justice.” President Eddy’s action presents a remedy for a college ailment that is becoming more evident as the government performs more services for its constituents and becomes more closely connected with business. Too many institutions emphasize training for making a living instead of teaching the students how to live.—R. P. M.
Roosevelt “Good Will Tour: A Peace Policy President Roosevelt recently left the U. S. on a 12,000 mile good-will tour through South America. He will time his trip so that he will arrive in Buenos Aires by December 1, to open the Inter-American Peace Conference. The general consensus is that Mr. Roosevelt is wasting his time trying to promote peace in countries with which we are now on friendly terms. Many feel that the only excuse for this extended tour is to show the countries of war-scared Europe how they should get along with each other; to rub it in, if you will. Many criticize this apparent waste of time and effort, feeling that any peace action, whatever, should be directed toward those countries which are likely to draw us into another war. Roosevelt realizes, however, that the main obstacles to U. S. isolation in case of a general European war are financial and economic. We do not have any entangling political alliances with foreign countries, but every single ship sailing from our ports to a foreign country is an entangling financial and economic alliance. Mr. Roosevelt, to be sure, is working on an inter-American peace pact; but he is secretly concerned about an inter-American trade pact which will insure a market for U. S. exports in time of war. Mr. Roosevelt will exercise his good-will” policy toward an “economic Monroe Doctrine.”—^Northwestern Daily.
Ipsiie Editor—D. A. Bailey
Looking Ahead
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liclity
NOTICE—“Squiffy hus found a good home” . . . Squiffy happens to be ar little purp which was left on the Pi Phi’s door step about a week ago—MAEIAN KIDD has faithfully promised to take care of the little foundling left by the “Broken-hearted Boilermaker” . . . ALPHABET SCOOP 1 T—^is for Thankful, for holiday daze, H—^is for Headache, the price that one ipays. A—is for Apples, the kind in the sauce, N—is for Nothing, why?—^just because! K—^is for Eranberries, there’s no “C” in this word, S—is for Swell, that Thanksgiving bird, G—is for Gravy, there’s some on your vest, I—is for Ice cream, a cinch to digest V—^is for Vicious, the pain in your tummy, I—is for Irksome, when people get punny, N—^is for Nostalgia, when holiday comes, G—^is for Grateful that this column’s done! —^Kentucky Kernel.
“Punchie, Woman Hater” Bell has finally broken the ice—he had a date Saturday night with an unknown baby — also — LOUISE SMITH received flowers from the Capt. the other night—^he is beginning to sprout out in a rather admirable fashion—SMITH ain’t a bad jobby to start sprouting on either . . . By the shades of Shaqtz-Hansen I wish we had more of these vacation lobbies . . .
“From the way it’s worn, I’d say it was a sign of an early spring.”
Songboidy, PRITZI WALKEY, is having her appendiiiciitrrr opporasion—she seems to be recovering kinda fast-like—^but is partial to visitors—she makes a lovely hostess—she just loves to have people hold her hand when she is ailing—of course that isn’t the only time, but sickness helps .. . BLACK AND TAN FANTASY TONIGHT we’ll be in the front row to watch that pony chorus swing it ! ! The PIA’s have a new officer—at least their bulletin board supports the name of MR. ZILCH—^his dis-
Now that the last of the scattered ballots are bundled together and tabulated, the electorate sinks back to view politics again with that apathetic eye characteristic of the America people once the heat of a campaign is over. There have been interpretative articles and statistical figuring, but, all in all, the information does not find as receptive a public as it would have been assured the day before election. In some respects, it is to the advantage of Americans that they can get mighty hot under the collar about an election one day and forget it the next. On even the Indiana university campus, those animosities aroused by vote challenging or mere difference in opinion will do well to fall into the background, for they can be of no value or service to any one. Not that students should be content with forgetting their government until another election should come along to shake them into interest. The significance of a partjr’s victory, the trend of public thought, the question of what will constitute the major issues of 1940 —^these are problems that challenge the serious student’s thought. No one can afford to assume that, with the passage of an election, he again can ignore his government.—Indi ana Daily Student.
1. Uphold the no smoking tradition. 2. Establish student SELF-Government. 3. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees, 4. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 5. Reform the Student Union election system. 6. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections.
TODAY - FRIDAY - SATURDAY
FIRST RUN HITS
MOVIE lETEGTIVE SOLVES) MURDER MYStERVf
— pins — 1‘Novelty Shop” ' { Cartoon in Color
■—and —
STEP RIGHT UP..
FOR A LOAD OF UUGHS!
Tha tlilnklnir fellow calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 25c per passensrer an:r part of the city 6023 PHONES 8071 YELLOW CAB CO.
ARC TODAY - FRIDAY - SATURDAY JACK OAKIE SALLY EILER8 in “FLORIDA SPECIAL” — also — HOOT GIBSON in “Cavalcade of the West” — and — “Clutching Hand” — Plus — COLOR CARTOON
trict seems to cover the campus... MARS PASSES MARS There have been only three items turned in this week to datesure ought to be easy to get those passes this week ... CAN YOU ? ? ? ? ? (Continued on page J
ID TAKE
MARSHA HUNT JOHN HOWARD lEUGJENJ PALLETTE — Pins — Second Big Hit
— Extra — CARTOON - NEWS
YOU SEE, SHE LOVES HIM AND SHE’S SO INTENSE!
'M Rough-house rom, - with brand — hits by
WENDY BARRIE GREGORY RATOFF ARTHUR TREACHER Dirtcled b/ O)lo Ludwig Preminger A'sciciaif Pioduciii Jplio Stone Music and- Lyrics by Arthur Schwartz and Howard Pietz
Jhet wasn't his voice that cracked... it was his skull!
Today, Friday, Saturday MARS
— EXTRA — MUSICAL REVUE ACT NEWS, f'
Thursdfty, November 26,1986
Headline Grid Hatties Scheduled For Today
Washington Huskies Meet Washington State; Southern California Plays UCLA By R. P. Manion Thanksgiving Day is providing a nuniber of headline contests for the nation’s gridiron fans. With the 1936 football season rapidly passing, some of today’s games will decide a couple of conference championships and a Rose Bowl contest-
ant or two.
Touchball Match Postponed Again
The Kappa Sigma-Phi Kapita Sigma touchball contest which was to have been played yesterday afternoon as a part of the quarterfinals of the intramural tournament has been postponed until Monday afternoon on account of inclement weather. This is the second postponement of the game that was originally scheduled for Tuesday. The winning combination of this match will play Phi Kappa Tau fraternity, which has already won its way into the quarter-final. Phi Kappa Psi will meet the victors of this latter contest in the final game of the tournament.
Bulletin Discusses Purdue Bowling Alleys
Purdue’s bowling alleys were found being discussed in the “American Bowling Congress Bulletin.” The following notice was found—“a twelve team fraternity league is being formed at Purdue University. You can be sure it will be sanctioned. Purdue installed five alleys in its Memorial Union Building last summer and they’re in use about eighteen hours a day. Is bowling popular with the students?”
SQUASH
PRACTICE TOMORROW 3:00—Phi Kappa Sigma.
4:00—^Beta Theta Pi. 6:00—Kappa Sigma. 7:00—Phi Kappa Psi. 8:00—^Delta Upsilon.
Today - Fri. - Sat. Big Double Feature CONRAD NAGEL in “Yellow Cargo”
Plus Second Feature EDDIE NUGENT
“Kentucky Blue Streak’
Sunday - Monday Tuesday - Wednesday STARTING Mid-Nite Show Sat Nite 11:30 p. m.
With Sally Eilera Robert Armatrong Francea Sage Vinton Haworth DhecUd hy Lt0 Lath ders. Am, produc9r» aw Reid RKO RADIO Piclure
Jimmy Phelan’s Washington Huskies battle the Washington State eleven at Seattle this afternoon in a game that will determine whether the Huskies capture the Pacific Coast Conference championship without a defeat and will also decide the western coast nominee for the New Year’s struggle in Rose Bowl. Phelan, Purdu^ gridiron coach until 1929, can probably look forward to a game January 1,1937, but it’s going to be a tough fight. Trojans Favored Southern California opposes the University of California at Los Angeles, with the Trojans favored to win over the latter, while, at San Francisco, the Gaels of St. Mary’s, coached by Slip Madigan, cope with Alonzo Stagg’s College of the Pacific team. The Gaels should come out ahead by one or two touch-
downs.
Texas, with only one victory to its credit this season, is picked to lose to Texas A. & M., at Austin. Also in the West, Utah will probably defeat Colorado State, at Salt Lake City, and Utah State is slated to whip Idaho, at Ogden, each to win by about two touchdowns. Eastern Tussles In the East, Pittsburgh is the choice over Carnegie Tech’s Spartans, at Pittsburgh, by at least two touchdowns. After the 7-7 tie with Georgia last Saturday, the Fordham Rams will be hard to beat, ^nd the Violet team from New York University is almost certain to take a decisive drubbing. Pennsylvania is the choice over Cornell, at Philadelphia, the former having lost only one game this season, a 7-0 defeat by Yale’s Eli combination. Colgate probably will have easy going against Brown at the latter’s stadium. Pop Warner’s Temple eleven was caught off guard by Iowa last week and can be expected to take Bucknell today by one or two touch-
downs.
Title At Stake Duke can gain a clear title to the Southern Conference championship by downing North Carolina State, at Durham, in the South today, and it looks like a fairly easy victory for the former. In other southern games, Alabama is picked to top Vanderbilt, at Birmingham, by 13 to 20 points; Arkansas is favored over Tulsa, at Tulsa; Tennessee should beat Kentucky, at Knoxville, in a close game; Mississippi is the choice over Miami, at Miami, and Centenary is given a touchdown margin over Oklahoma A. & M., at Shreveport.
Alumnus Includes Fieldhouse Story
THB5 PtJRDUE EXPONENT
jgpilH!
'AhSX) v.Kn'8K?r
Out with his 20th Purdue team. Piggy Lambert, popular Boilermaker basketball coach, has hopes of another Big Ten championship.
Squashmen To Play Two Matches This Week-End
Although this week-end will be a period of rest for most of Purdue’s athletics teams, the squash team will have a very busy time The Boilermaker racketeers will travel to Cleveland, Ohio, for two matches, in an attempt to get into the victory column. The Cleveland Club will be their opponents on Saturday, while Sunday they wil lengage the Barney Koffern Club. Although beaten four matches to one last Saturday aft ernoon, the team should come out of the red in the coming matches. Four men from last year’s squad are playing this year, and are expected to give plenty of competition to any team this year. The 1935 team was unbeaten in Middle-west-ern competition, although they were outclassed in the East and lost most of those matches. Fields, Lucek, and Juve lost 3-2 in last Saturday’s match, while Wakefield was beaten 3-1. Sokolowski scored the only victory of the day in the match with the John Marshall Club of Chicago.
25 Men DriU For Net Team
“On to victorsr” seems to be the
cry of this year’s varsity basketball squad. At present “Pig^’s iron men” are 26 in ntmaber. By the time the big five are ready to take the court against Western State, the coach will have diminished that group of aces to 17 or 18 men. ' The quintet that will probably start in the first game will consist of: Yoimg, Seward, Downey, Malaska, and Sines. The team still lacks any sort of a strong defense as was apparent in last year’s Boilermaker squad. Nevertheless, although Coach Lambert does mourn the loss of Kessler and ‘Red’ Lambert, he is sure that with the squad he now has, Purdue will be up among the leaders in Big Ten competition. To add to the possibilities for next season’s team, a promising number of freshmen can be seen practicing daily on the court of the Memorial Gym. The number of sophomores on the varsity squad is quite large with a great deal of strong material in its number.
^ ^ ^
^ ^
^ ^ > -f BASKETBALL ^ ^ ^ ^ ^
-f ^ -f
4- -f
lOMORROW Court 1—Official, Gaulke. 7:00'—^Ward 1 vs. Ward 4. 7:15—^Ward 2 vs. Ward 6. 8:26—^Ward 8 vs. Ward 9. 8:40—Phi Kappa vs. Phi Pi Phi. Court 2—Official, Hobart. 7:00—^Ward 7 vs. Ward 10. 7:15—^Ward 11 vs. Ward 7-x. 8:26—Ward 12 vs. Ward 16. 8:40—^Acacia vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. Court 3—Official, McDonald. 7:00—^Ward 12-x vs. Ward 17. 7:16—^Ward 17-x vs. Ward 15. 8:26—(Sigma Alpha Mu or Tau Epsilon Phi) vs. Delta Sigma Lambda. 8:40—^Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Pi Kappa Phi.
ielder’s.... ....choice, »By Bob Walpole ft
In answer to a number of queries heard in the past week ... Pat Malaska is in school ... he will play basketball this season ... he has been practicing with the regular outfit for several weeks ... —fo— At the time of the fatal accident, it was doubtful if Pat would ever don a uniform again, but he has rallied very nicely . . . still slightly handicapped by tender feet, Pat finds it difficult to stand the gaff of a full game, but that is something that time alone will solve . . . by mid-season, you will find Pat burning up that floor just as he did last year . . . —^fc— First basketball game is set for December 7 . . . Western State is the first opponent, and if you stop to realize, "it isn’t very far off . . . the team should be plenty tough again this year in spite of the loss of All-American Bob Kessler and the other last year seniors who carried the Boilermakers to a conference tie . . . —fc— Regulars from last year include co-captains Jim Seward and Glen Downey, Pat Malaska, John Sines, Carroll Mangas, and Jewell Young, besides a number of high class netmen from the sophomore class . . .
DR. A. M. miON Dentist
119‘/z Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Dorner’s Flower Shop QnaUty Flowers
Main at 7th
Phone 6050
The November issue of the Purdue Alumnus has just been published. The 36 page publication included a plea to alumni to make contributions toward the fieldhouse fund, and a complete description of the planned building. “Forging Ahead,” was the title of a message by. Dean J. H. Skinner, head of the agriculture school, printed on the first page. The issue included a summary of the football season, with detailed accounts of each game, written by R. C. Woodworth, athletic publicity director. Homecoming Articles Several articles pertaining to Homecoming were included. A list of all grads that came back to see the game was also compiled. L. A. Downs, president of the Illinois Central Railroad, contributed an article on engineering training. These along with the usual features—alumni notes, briefs, campus chatter, class notes, letters, club news, births, deaths, and marriages, completed the issue.
4> 4“ 4-
4- 4- -f
4- 4“ 4“ 4- 4TOUCHBALL
4' + 4^4-4”4-4-4'4'4' MONDAY, NOVEMBER 30 Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. Officials, Kerber, Martin.
Golfdom Magazine estimates that 1,366,000 people played golf in the season of 1936.
What to be
Lhankful
for.
All Lafayette is thankful for the most prosperous season that business has witnessed in many years. Purdue’s large enrollment and an increased spending per capita of the student body has been a big factor in Lafayette’s Better Business. All Purdue students read your advertisements when they are placed in The Purdue Exponent
Big Ten Cridiren Attendance la
Highest Since ^27
Big Ten football attendance for 1936 ‘reached the greatest total recorded since the peak year of 1927* Receipts for this Reason, estimated by Major John L. Griffiths, Western Conference commissioner of athletics, at about $1,750,009, topped the $1,319,100 amount of last year, but they jfailed to reach the 1927 figure of $2,777,600 by about $1,000,000. Ohio State led in total game attendance and also had the highest attendance for a single contest. The Buckeyes’ total was 391,285, while the Pittsburgh-Ohio State gridiron game, at Columbus, was played before 72,000 persons. Minnesota and Northwestern had second and third places in attendance at football games, with totals of 324,600 and 292,000, respectively. The combined attendance of the three leaders, the Buckeyes, Gophers, and the Wildcats, surpassed 1,000,000 persons.
It is rumored that Bernie Bierman, famous Minnesota grid coach, will go to Tulane University next year.
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it weU Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAm. A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
KEYS Keys for tranks, door lodn. desk locks, niskt latches and padlocks. Auto keys and handle locks a specialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
‘‘DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER .
Plumbing, Heating, Water Srfteners and Automatic Gas Heaters
33 Years in the Business
DUNCAN & LARSON, INC.
Phone 4450
1622 East Main
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
Scobee't REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo SuppliM 105 Vine St., W. Lafayette
B0SSUN6 Shoe Repair Shop In the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
Roth Florist, Inc.
Complete Floral Service. Servinc Purdue for 37 years. 635 Main St. In tunaTheatra BuikUnq
Phone 7955 —8059
P I
'
1
RINTING
jaiOOiN
^avtct _
CA$SEt*S 4oti
'IJ' f-* I
BF I
THE TURDUE
<^i^to^tcil C^a.
Phone 5432
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. P. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
Lost—^Wrist watch, between the Armory and Pharmacy Building, 10 a. m., Tuesday, November 23. Call E. Hartman, 5754. Reward.
Wanted—Male student room, preferable with light housekeeping facilities; also need garage, must be near Ag. Exp. Station. Possession Friday or Saturday. Reply Box 50 Exponent.
W. A. A. Hiking-—Last fall hike Saturday, November 28. Leave gym at 2:30 p. m. —DOBSON. Roger Williams Club—Thanksgiving Picnic Thursday, November 26. Meet at West Lafayette Baptist Church at 3 p. m. Transportation furnished to Va-wter’s Cottage. —GLEASON.
Wesley Foundation House—John Jung, Purdue sophomore Chinese student, -will speak on Buddhism. Everybody is -welcome. —McEACHKON.
Mechanicals—Join the A. S. M. E. in G. A. Young’s office before December 1, to put Purdue first in the publication of all members’ names in the December “M. E. Journal.” —WELDY.
English 51 Students—Last chance to get stage hours November 30, at 4 p. m. Playshop Stage Crew—^Vacation until November 30, at 4 p. m., in the sub-base-ment of the Union Building. —GLOVER.
Dance Class—All Independent students in-terested in taking dancing lessons must sign up in the P. I. A office between 4 and 6 pm. tomorrow — —BUXTON
Moore’s Colonial Market—220 N. Fifth street, have a large display of antique furniture, old china, and glass. Reasonable prices.
NOTICES No notice* accepted after 8 p. m.
Alpha Phi Omega Pledges—Get key replicas at Phi Kappa Alpha house as soon as possible. Cost 26 cents —SCHMUCK.
Mechanicals—Bign up for A. S. _ M. E. membership in G. A. Young’s office, by December 1, to make Purdue first in student branch roll call to be published in the December “Mechanical Engineering Journal.” —WEIJDY.
P. I. A. Dance Ciass—^Ali luuependents interested in dance class, please sign up immediately in the P. L A. office. —BUXTON.
Gimlet Pledges—^Please pay for paddles immediately at the Phi Kappa Tau house. —HAMILTON.
Independents—Membership books must be turned in to me at the P. I A office before tomorrow at 4:00 p. m. —PARKHURST.
Agriculturist—^All freshmen, sophomores, and circulation assistants meet in office December 1 at 7 p m. Very important. —PARKISON, BUXTON.
A. S. M. E.—^Members get copies of M. B Journal from “Eddie” in instrument room of steam laboratory. —WELDY.
Catalyst—^Actives and pledges meet in student club room in Heavilon Hall for initiation at 2.30 November 28. —STROM
Jo
The big money is to be given away at the MARS today . . . will another Plutocratic student not be in attendance again this week— two of our students have lost the dough in the last two weeks—will it be that way today ? ? . . . PIA big shot SENNSTROM was the object of a well aimed pie in the EXPONENT office last night —^boyl what a mess he was with cocoanut cream all over his hat and face . . . —::— PARTING SHOT: We should have petitioned for no Holiday at all—^then we could have made our Holidays hy cutting (without any charge) ....
Ag Specialists To Conduct Schools 0. G. Johanningsmeier, J. C. Bottum, T. J. Hornung, and H. E. Moore, extension specialists of the University farm management department, will conduct farm management schools in 28 Indiana counties within the next few months. At these meetings, the management and organization practices typical of the most profitable farms are outlined and explained. Current economic trends in agriculture are also discussed. During the last five years, 112 farm management schools of this type have been held in the state.
Union Workers—Our committees will please meet in the Union office at 1 o’clock November 28 —MYTINGER, McCLEOD.
Union Workers—My committee will meet in the Union office at 4 o’clock, November 26 —McCLEOD.
Honesty Of Students Surprises Instructor Toledo, 0.—(ACP) — Even instructors can make mistakes in judgment. Apparently this one underrated the freshmen. Setting: an English class at the University of Toledo. Motivator: Instructor James M. McCrimmon, who had just delivered a vigorous speech on the “evils of plagiarism.” Then he assigned the class a theme topic. Upon grading the papers, McCrimmon found some amazingly similar work. At the next session of his section, he said: “There are four or five themes here which I am certain have been copied. If the students who turned them in will come to my oflSice after class to claim them, there will be no penalty.” When the class hour was over, McCrimmon returned to his office. Within an hour after, sixteen different students called to claim their themes.
Purdue Lutheran Students’ Club—Basketball practice November 28 during afternoon in Memorial Gymnasiu^ —ANDRES
Union Workers—Our committees will meet in the workship at 4 o’clock,-Novem-ber 2^^j^^ypoLE, REID, WEIGANDT.
HAVE YOU A NEW FORMAL FOR THE UNION CABARET DANCE? COME AND SEE OUR SELECTION OF THE NEWEST STYLES AND COLORS.
Palais Royal
R. O. T. C.—^Examination for the removal of condition grade in Military Ibraining 4 will be held on December 10 and 11. Students desiring to take this examination should report to me at the Adjutant’s office, Armory, before 4 p. m., December 8. —HAYFORD.
BjCPQNBNT
TbHr8<teiy. .Npyembar M,
ROWN*S new method of blocking hats
Makes them repellent to water.*.Both men’s and women’s hats... No increase in price and only at Crown can you get this service.
ONLY
FIME CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
YWCA Members Attend Thanksgiving Worship Thanksgiving was the theme of the Y. W. C. A. worship service which was held yesterday at 4 o’clock in the women’s lounge. Ruth Grimm read a story, the English version of the first Thanksgiving Day. Eva Robertson^ played a violin solo, “To A Wild Rose,” and sea^ sonal hymns were sung by the entire group. The program was arranged by Mary Schafer, chairman of the worship committee.
Belgian Math Shark, 12, Has Mind Of 5 Year Old Prodigies usually compensate for their genius in some manner. A 12 year old mathematics wizard at the University of Louvain, in Belgium, concentrated so much on his special abilities that he had the mind of a five-year-old child in all othet respects. Professor Arthur l^auville of the university, states that after special training the boy improved greatly, his IQ increasing from 55 to 77 within 15 months.
FOUNTAIN PENS AND REPAIRING ANY PEN 6 JOBS IN ONE 1. New Sack. 2. Straighten Point. 3. Adjust Feed. 4. Special Chemical Bath. 5. Remove Ink Stains. 6. Simonize Entire Pen, All for Only 50c P, Pd. Jobs returned same day received. We also trade pens and supply new and used parts. Rebuilts and leftovers for sale, every make. UNIVERSAL PEN HOSPITAL 203 So. Wabash Chicago
THE CHILD'S HEALTH TODAY IS THE NATION'S HEALTH TOMORROW
CHRISTMAS SEALS The NertionaL State and Local Tuberculoeia AModotione oi the United Stcdei
If you want the best in Guns and Ammunitions ' 22 long rifle 27c See us 22 longs 22c SHELLS 22 shorts 17c 59c up SPERB’S.... Hardware 824 Main
Special for tE^j^anfeggitims RUM BISQUE ICE CREAM 25c Quart . . Place Orders Early . . I5c Pint
We Are Serving a Bisr THANKSGIVING DINNER’N ALL THE TRIMMIN’S “Look for the Pure Food Name”
25c
Across from Armory
TOM’S
Phone 6752
HoneylKrust BREAD
The new bread that is healthful . . .We have a large variety of bakery goods.
GRAVES QUALITY BAKERY IPe cater to Sororities and Fraternities
Read The Exponent Ads.
Evenins Sandals
Gold or Silver Black and Silver Or Dyeable Safin
$2.98 $3.98 High, Medium or Flat Heels Budget Shoes — Downstairs Loeb & Hene Co.