r
i ■- , ‘ / 'M ,!■ "
^ I ;s'
■ : 'j ’'I '
^ A" w ■ '■'
, , p , ,; ; ' , ■V7;. • > • '' ,'
‘■j- -A ,
, :u%'
4.f
y
Z-i*S
T X rixponent
Volume 5L No. 134
Thutsdcor. Mardi 11. ISNUI
400 Pledges Attend First ^Wen/Cepner ■■ mm AA ■ * «^CrfC?(iiCC7if Of Four Mass Meetings f^ayQueen
Professor F. C. Hockema, assistant to the President, and Professor G. A. ^oung, head of the Mechanical Engineering School, addressed an enthusiastic group of 400 fraternity pledges last night in the Union ballroom. This meeting Was the first of four general discussion meetings to be given for pledge instruction during Fraternity Week.
' The meeting was opened with a talk by Bill Catterall, president of the Fraternity Presidents’ Council. Bill told of the purpose of fraternity wd^. The second speaker for the evening was F. C. Hockema. Professor Hockema gave an instructive talk for the pledges. He discussed the importance of the
The second meeting for Fraternity Week will be held tonight at 7 o’clock in the Union ballroom. The speakers will be Mr. R. B. Stewart, controller of the University, and Mr. C. E. McCabe, Advisor to the Pelta Tau Delta Fraternity. Mr. Stewart will discuss what the University expects of the fraternities. Mr. McCabe will discuss the pledges’ opportunity in the fraternity.
pledges realizing they got out of the University and fraternity just what they put into them. Hockema also told the pledges to learn to give and take during Fraternity Week (mostly take). History By G. A. The final talk for the evening was given by G. A. Young who told of the history and traditions of the University fraternities. One of the many interesting things told by Professor Young was the fact that Greek letter fraternities were prohibited from the University at one
time.
Kew Ticket Sales System Installed For Varsity Show Varsity Show customers will find a new system of ticket sellipg inaugurated this year. Instead of being obliged to sit at the show next to the person who bought his ticket next to you, a coupon system has been evolved. For the next two weeks jcoupons will be sold for 76 cents by members of Playshop and the University Choir. At the end of this time, these coupohs may be turned in for reserve seat tickets. The idea is that in this time, students may find out ' whom they wish to go to the play with and may turn their tickfets in with them. This eliminates much of the confusion of trying to get seats together. Myra McKee is in charge of the coupon sales, and all students desiring to work on i;he ticket committee should see her.
Doctor W. Bachmann Will Head Discussion
Prom Committee Will At AChS Session Today
Select Queen Today From 19 Candidates
This afternoon at 4, the 1940 prom committee will meet in room 305 of the Union to select a queen to lead the grand March, May 19. A total of 19 nominations have been received from sororities, residence halls and PIA. Two co-eds have been nominated from each sorority, four from the residence halls, and one from PIA. Other PIA nominations must be made to Virginia Royce, committee chairman, before 4 p. m. today. A complete, accurate list follows: Kappa Kappa Gamma, Jane Haltom, Jean Jones; Kappa Alpha Theta, Ruth Bennqtt, Peg Terstege; Alpha Chi Omega, Ruth Bryant, Yvonne Holden; Phi Mu, Maryruth Thomberg, Gladys Cox. Delta Gamma, Betty Jane Smith, Anne Henderson; Pi Beta Phi, Libby Funsett, Martha Limpus; Chi Omega, Kay O’Leary, Vicky Milea; Residence halls, Georgia Lee Weigel, Rosemary Teil, Jeanne Chandler, Paula Zwierlein; PIA, Jean Halmond. Saturday's Mixer , ... to be known as St. Patrick’s hop, will feature Don Phillip’s orchestra from 9 to 12. The usual price of one dollar will prevail.
“Synthesis of Sex Hormones” will be the theme of discussion by Dr. W. E. Bachmann of the University of Michigan at the March meeting of the Purdue Section of the American Chemical Society today at 4 o’clock in room 106, Chemistry building. Dr. Bachmann is well known in the field of organic chemistry, holding BSE, MS, and Ph. D degrees from 'the University of Michigan. He was a Rockefeller Foundation Fellow in Zurich, Switsferlond, in
1928-29.
Dr. Bachman’s discussion will include the discovery of the sex hormones, the chemical structuifes and properties of the sex hormones, the attempts to synthesize these compounds, the successful synthesis of the female sex hormones, and the application of this method to the other important natural compounds.
Ellen Kepner, Kappa Alpha Theta, was elected May Queen yesterday in the special senior May Day ballotting. The election was announced last nii^ht by the WSGA May Day committee. Eight senior co-eds will .serve as the Queen’s court at the May Day pageant, May 11. They are: Treva Berry, Peg Little, Alice Martens, Mary Petticrew, Caroline Scott, j, Louise Schickler, Ann Sickman, and Margaret Stocker. Committee Wants Student Opinions On Funds Issue Campus organization leaders met in the Exponent office yesterday afternoon to discuss the possibility of a drive to collect funds' for aiding college students in war-tom countries. After discussing the problem, committee members decided to find out student views on the subject before making any decisive move. Anyone who has definite ideas on the subject should express them to a member of the committee. Those comprising the committee are: Vince Hruby, Herb Fishburn, James Shickel, P. H. Chin, Jerry Hinshaw, Larry Archibald, Bill Catterall, Prances Raebig, Catherine Cooley, Roy Swanson. Others on the committee are: Ken Garty, Hank Prezaa, Ralph Reiley, Margaret Saurer, Gordon Belles, Bill Hensey, Margaret Mitchell, and Robert Insley. Today's The Last! GetSnapsInByS Today’s your last chsince! Entries for the “Picture of the Month” contest must be turned in at the Debris office before 6 p, m. today to be eligible for the “Picture of the Year” awdrd. Winner of this month’s contest and winner of the “Picture of the Year” award will be published in the Exponent next week. The person submitting the winning “Picture of the Year” will receive a free Debris. Prof. L. D. Rowell ... of the electrical engineering school, who suffered a stroke Tuesday afternoon as he was conducting a class, is in a critical condition according to a statement received from Home hospital last night.
Home Ec Consultant Service Formed To Assist Worried Eds And Co-eds
Cancellations Students who desire to cancel courses without grades should do so before Saturday noon, March 16. After this date courses ;annot be cancelled without grade only upon the approval of the Dean of Men and the Department concerned. Students desiring to cancel a course should obtain a cancellation card from the Department in which the course is given. This card should be properly signed up and filed in the Registrar’s office. M. L. Fisher, Dean of Men.
By Jane Ramsdell Why commit suicide when things seem dark? Bring your troubles to us. And we’re not selling anything, either; except maybe a good idea. We’re just speaking for the newly formed consultant service that may be found in room 209 of the Home Ec building. From what we hear it’s not exactly an official worrying bureau, but it serves much the same purpose because its primary purpose is to relieve your troubles about anything having to do with home economics. Getting Thin? Formed just last semester, the consultant service has already proven itself valuable by serving the students who applied to it for aid. In one of the many divisions of the service there is a solution for almost any difficulty that has to do with the home or closely related subjects. For instance—are any of you lads losing that Flash Gordon build from not being able to make the number of meals per wcdk balance with the available cash for them? Try the
consultant service. They have plenty of good advice on the types and quantities of food that will test allay that “empty” feeling with a minimum outlay of monetary resources. Or pevrhaps the girls would like to make their daydreams of that new foi’mal come true as Miss Rosemary Lodde (co-consultant with Miss Mary Bone) explains how easily an allowance can be stretched to fit the need—or maybe she explains, a few alterations will do the job. Vine Covered Cottage If youl’ daydreams of a little vine covered bungalow for two are a little clouded by worries of “mak-ing-ends-meet” problems, perhaps a little advice and information on meal planning and budget planning will help to disperse them. Don’t tear your hail*, don’t turn on the gas—join the crowd that wends its way to the Home Ec building on Mondays and Wednesdays between 4 and 6, and on Tuesdays and Thursdays, from 3 to 4, and let the bureau solve your problems.
Robert Virovai Opens Convo Tonight In Memorial Gym Concert Violinist Will GiyeTwoNight Performance Robert Virovai, concert vidinist, will play tonight at convocations which will be held in the Memorial Gsnnnasium starting at 8 p. m. Virovai was one of the most important musical discoveries of the last season and his appearance on the campus is a part of his second conceit tour of the United States. * Sophomores, juniors, townspeople, and staff members holding red tickets will be admitted tonight; freshmen, seniors, and staff members holding buff tickets will be admitted tomorrow night. Exchanges^may be made at Professor J. T. Gunn’s office, 213 Purdue Hall, today from 8 to 11 a. m. and from 1 to 4 p. m., or at Miss Stover’s office, 106 Recitation building, at any time. A limited number of single admission tickets at one dollar each may be purchased at either office or in the lobby of the gymnasium.
Robert Virovai
Finalists Selected In Speech Contest Judges for the Hanley Speech contest preliminaries, held yesterday afternoon in room 301, University Hall, selected six men as finalists. They will compete in Fowler Hall at 7:30 one week from tonight, Thursday, March 21, in the second and last round of the contest. Yesterday’s winners were Gordon Belles, ME ’42; William Croft, ME ’40; Norman Gessley, Eng. ’43; William Harris, ChE ’40; Jack Myracle, Eng. ’43; and Clyde Stewart, CE ’40. Senior Co-eds Eligible For Six Scholarships
Senior co-eds are eligible for six competitive scholarships in the field of secretarial science, offered by the Fairfield School in Boston, Massachusetts. Four of these are resident scholarships covering the full tuition, and two are day-school scholarships. Applications must be in the hands of the Scholarship Committee before May 16,1940, and should be accompanied by a letter of recommendation from the Dean
of the College, or Director of Per- djl-F/ Clut)
sonnel.
Howitzer Squads Enter Competition Tomorrow Night Medals, merits and citations will be awarded to the winning gun squads during the Distinguished Howitzer Squad competition Friday
night in the armory.
Starting tomorrow evening at 6 o’clock, the competition will consist of three parts: inspection of personnel, written test on characteristics of the 156-mm Howitzer, and standing gun drill and service of the piece. The event is open to the general public and bleacher seats will be erected for this purpose. There are eight squads in the competition, each squad consisting of an executive and assistant executive, both juniors; a Chief of Section, a gunner, seven cannoneers and one chauffeur, all sophomores.
Executives and assistant executives of each of the eight squads are: Wayne Kepner, Ray Hall; J. M. Venable, J. P. Money; J. A. Curtis, W. M. Dempster; G. R. Jungerman, T. J. Stephens; J. F. Wadsworth, J. W. Christy; T. C. Noland, G. A. Hesterberg; H. L. Hautei;, D. D. Kennedy; J. R. Storms, G. C.
Stout.
Awards are made on the basis of scholastic standing, personal qualifications, aptitude for the work, and financial need. Although definite territories are not outlined by the school, regional representation will be taken into consideration in making the awards.
. . . members will carry out the leap year theme at their party which will be held on Saturday, March 16, in the Women’s Memorial G3rmnasium. Games and dancing will be the entertainment. All 4-H members and their guests are invited to attend the party.
Robert Virovai was bom 19 years ago in the hiUs of Yugoslavia. When he was about five yearn old, he entered a conservatory of music where he made rapid progress. In 1934, he began studying under Jena Hubay, master violinist, in Budapest. Receptions for Virovai will be held tonight and tomorrow night in the Great Hall of the Uniim at 9:30.
Hubay taught the boy for three years, and in 1937 Virovai mitered the International Contest for violinists held in Vienna. He walked off with the first prize and remained in Vienna to appeur as a soloist with the Vienna Symphony. American Debut His American debut was with the New York Philharmonic in November, 1938. After this performance, he toured the country playing with symphonies and giving recitals. This season he is again touring America. Program The program which will be presented is as follows: “ I. La Folia — Correlli-Leonard Prelude in E (From Sixth Sonata for violin alone) J. S. Bach n. Violin Concerto in D minor. Op. 31 Vieuxtemps Andante Adagio Scherzo vivace Finale marziale: Allegpia engegico. INTERMISSION in. Romance in G Beethoven Caprice in E fiat (Alla Salterells) -— Wieniawski-Kreisler Zephyr Hubay IV. I Palpiti Rossini-Paganini Druggists'Meeting Closes With Talks By Staff Members Closing a two day conference yesterday afternoon, 426 Indiana druggists heard discussions by members of the University staff on the business and technical phases of pharmacy. This, the second day of the tenth annual druggists’ conference to be held at the University, was occupied by sales and merchandising problems concerning druggists. In the afternoon Controller R. B. Stewart, of ihe University staff; C. J. Klemme, University pharmacist, and Prof. C. O. Lee, of the Pharmacy school, spoke. Stewart, speaking on the business side of pharmacy, said that the University’s business, like the business of druggists, requires persopalily and satisfaction, the requisites for any successful business enterprise. In a technical discussion, Klemme spoke of the sex hormones and related compounds, giving sources and physiological reactions. Prof. Lee, the final speaker, discussed “A Pharmacist’s Library,” urgiqg the visiting druggists to provide themselves with a minimum of 26 reference books and to subscribe to five trade journals. These books and jom'nals, he claimed, were necessary to any druggist who wished to keep informed on new improvements in the industry. -
'^>4.PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday. March 14. 1940
fisJdal^ Choiai Br B«b«rt 3. Otekuti P^I^ERS CHOICE 1940 BIG TEN ALL-STAR FIVE BiU Hapac, F, HL Sr. Paul Armstrong, F, Ind. Jr. Gene ^g^tmd, C, Wis JrFred J^eita, G, Pur Sr. Dan Fisher, G, Par Sr. p!<Hipi^b}e men^on—^I)on Blanken, j^wdoe; and^ Menke, Indiana, forwards; center, Jim Rae, Michigan, center; Didc Klein, Northwestern; and Bob Dro, Indiana. —fc— A team that could boast of potential prowess on the hardwood, scoring ^Mjwer, and expert playing ability appears above as PC’s 1940 Western Conference m3rthical allstar five, a team we aver could stack up well versus any other basketball Contingent in the nation. —^fc— Two of the players have appeared with regalarity on respective allstar fives, picked by coaches, press ehaini;^ and sports experts, these two i>^g Freddie Beretta, guard, and captain of the champion Bmlermakers, and Bill Hapac, capturer of the Big Ten individual basketball scoring championship. ' —^fc— Beretta is undoubtedly the guard of the Big Ten this year . . . His steady playing is being marvelled at, and his handling of the Boilermakers as a captain is to he commended, certainly helping the Boilermakers through a strenuous year to a Big Ten championship . . . Besides bein^ a defensive star, Freddie negotiated 62 points, not a mere handful for a guard. —fc— Hapac was definitely the outstanding scoring player of the Big Ten last season, whiffing the draperies 60 times and garnering 164 points . . . From this standpoint alone, Hapac merits top consideration as a candidate for any Big Ten all-star five. —fc— As his running mate, we have Paul Armstrong, who was consistently as much a scoring threat as Hapac, having shaken the linens 46 times and made successfully 26 gratis throws . . . In addition to this, Armstrong played most outstanding basketball at Indiana, becoming the mainstay of the Bloomington outfit and definitely making the Crimson squad a challenger to Purdue for the entire ’39-’40 season. —^fc— At center, we like Gene England. . . . Here again is another scoring power and all-round player, who, however, played with a mediocre ball team, the Wisconsin Badgers. ... He is a big, rangy fellow, capable of handling the pivot duties for any team, far or near . . . When Englund, a big six-footer, really— and we do mean really—played ball, the Badgers were a tough five on the hardwood . . . Gene made 50 buckets and 39 free throws. —^fc— As Beretta’s running mate, we chose Danny Fisher, senior Boilermaker ... From some people we will probably draw much criticism because he did not play as a guard during the entire season . . . But as a player who could whip a team into action, stir it to movement, and put some life into an outfit, Fisher could do so admirably. ... He is probably the best allround player in the conference . . . As a guard, he was superior ... As a forward he was good ... As a center, he was hard to beat . . . Simply because of his versatility as a basketball player, we like Danny Fisher at a guard post, where allround ability is always needed. ASME Plans To Attend Dinner At Rose Polytech The Purdue student chapter of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers will attend the dinner meeting of the Central Indiana Section of ASME at Rose Polytechnic JjoBtitute, Terre Haute. The meeting is at 6:80 p. m. tonight and was arranged by Professor Wischmeyer, vice-president of Rose Polytechnic Institute and professor of mechanical engineering. H. H. Skabo, chairmiM of the Central Indiana Section, will preside.
Collegians Elsewhere
“Sooner” fans will extend “Aggie” fans every courtesy, including cahing the undertaker after each niurfifer. Courtesy Oklahoma Daily
My, my ho^ dose to home that little ditty sirilces. Another one. Please do not describe the referees in bawdy .language, rmless the s |[reader^ are invited to supply tbeir own noun) deserve it. ' Courtesy Oklahoma Daily
Being an enthusiastic reader here’s a headline we noticed in the “Kentucky Kernel.” Quote, ‘T'ouls and Yellow Jackets Stings Cats in 44-39 Conference Loss.” Gawd, ain’t the bugs a bitin’.
Anybody who believes any one story about the British attack on the Altmark is jumping at confusions. The British, Norwegians, and the Germans all have their own perversions of the affair.
FDR was elected on an economy, balanced budget pledge in 1932. Since then the national budget has been on a strictly unbalanced diet.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE FOR SALE—^Typewriters. All malces, standard and poxibable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. P. EbersheR, 605 Main street.
FOR RENT Russ—Rent-A-Car Service. Cara for all occasions. Min. $2.60 ail night. Phone 71644.
Notices / Ne Botieca will be accepted after 8 p. as. Freshmen and Sophomore Military Students: Sign up immediately in the supp^ room of the armory for Scabbard and Bla& beet eoMier contest. Medals, citations, and merits wiH be awarded. Further details will be posted on armory bulletin board. (3-16) —SCHRADER.
Radio Clnb: Meeting Tuesday, March 19, m room 2B4 of the EE Building at 7 :30 p. m. —PITCHER.
Ticket Takers and Ushers: Men who worked during basketball season can get money at ticket office in fieldhouse. (3-16) —WOODWORTH.
Wesley Foundation: There will be a roller skating party on Friday night, March 16. Tickets are 26 cents and are free to those who furaish cars. Please sign up at the foundation. Refreshments will be served at 10 p. m. before leaving for Maple Point. —HORNE
LUMA — TODAY - FRI. - SAT. -
TWO FIRST RUN HITS
PLUS 2nd Feature
IS OUT FORFUN .and yobV have Radf ““ TOOIII
Ai
Alpha Chi Omega .. . social sorority^ announces the initiation of Jane Ballard, Marion; Kathryn Leist, Tipton; Becky Ann Pervine, West Lafayette; Virginia Pfisterer, EvansviUe; Jean Ann Ruffner, Alliance, O.; Dorothy Sieb, Michigan City; Mary Louise Switzer, Otterbein; Gene Tgylor, t'oiil;land; Faitfe West Iia|a7ette; Jean Weist, dlonnersville, and Jeanette Rutherford, Greensburg.
Credit ^ose |a$t th^ee paragraphs to the “Syracuse tlaily Orange.” ,
ME 31 Conditions: Elsamination will be held in room 301 of the ME building on Saturday, April 6 at 1 p. m. All who intend to t^e this make-up should notify the undersigned before 12 noon Saturday, March 28. —MESSERSMITH.
Christian Foundation Student: Sunrise service Plan Sunday morning at Happy Hollow, leaving 126 Chauncey at 6:30 a. m. Call Hubert Reynolds at 4393 for 16 cent breakfast reservations by Saturday noon, March 16. —REYNOLDS.
Penalty Dates: During the present semester there will be two penalty dates. From noon March 22 to noon March 23 and April 1. These dates represent the 24 hour period before and after spring recess. Absence from a regular meeting of any class during these periods will result in a fine of $5 for each 24 hour period or fraction thereof missed. —FISHER.
Garden Club: Meeting Saturday, March 16, at 7:30 p. m. in room 263 of the Union. —BACHARACH.
Eta Kappa Nu: Meeting for selection of pledges Thursday, March 14, at 7 :30 p. m., in room 232 of Union. -KEEN.
M B 30: A make-up final for men receiving grades in my divisions of M E 30 last term will be given Saturday, March 16 at 1 p. m. in M E 118. —COPE.
University Orchestra: Rehearsals with the choir for members of the orchestra for “Seven Last Words” are scheduled as follows : Thursday night, March 14, at 7 :16. Saturday afternoon, March 16, at 2 ;00 Monday afternoon, March 18, at 4:00. —RAGANS.
Purdue Student Alliance: Room 306 in the Union has been engaged for meetings every Tuesday at 8 p. m. (8-16) —SMULEVITZ.
Starts TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
with JOHN SHEFFIELD ERNEST TRUEX DOROTHY TREE ANN TODD RKO RADIO Picture
WILL MAKE YOU A CHUD AGAIN JUST FOR THE NIGHT'I
— PLUS —- The AutheHc Adventures of Uncle Sam's Ace Manhunters! ^SECRET SERVICE OF THE AIR — WITH — RONALD REAGAN JOHN LITEL
While we’re on the subject of coeds, listen to what a certain IjOJola University student said in the Loyola News. Quote “My ideal girl is: 1. a good listener; 2. drinks only beer and coke; 3. readily available for a date on short notice; 4. should not be a better dancer than her date; 6. should not expect a fellow to be on time but if he should happen to be on time she should be ready; 6. she should have a college education and a job.” Utopia, my Utopia. Ah, me.
Here’s a neat one. Headline of the Daily Princetonian “Dr. Wind Speaks On Raphael.” Sounds like a big blow out east.
C E 41: An examination for the removal of grades will be held in room 126, Heavilon Hall, 1 to 4 p. m.. Saturday, March 16. Permission to take the examination mast be obtained from the undersigned prior to March 18. —GREVB.
WA A : Final matches in ping-pong and shuffle board tournament must be played off by Friday, March 16. —HOLDEN.
Riding Club: Meeting Thursday, March 14, at 7 :30 p m., next to the Student Union office. —HARTMAN.
Tfiese headlines are getting us down fiut listen to this' one. Reprint from the “Collegiate Digest.” Quote “Romeo Is The Only Scientific Porpoise in Captivity.” How about the engineering fisl)i on the campus who have their pins out?
maTbwA
By Mary Bailey There’s big news brewing for tomorrow. The announcement of the teams who have tak^p top honOTS jn the close cp|n^eHj|;ipn <^f t^e intramural cont^ts will 'be made. In the meantime, while membesf are anifjiousl^ awaitipg tlie i;esi:||ts of the games, the liYAA'nominees may be observed campaigning ip approved P!>Utica| |Pfhloil. l^ijleen Westover 'from Indiana’s capital city, Indianapolis, and Jane Pishleigh, from ^hica^o, bave been nominated for tbe presidency of WaA. —^waa— For the position of vice-president, the choice is between Eleanor Harrison of Union City and Opal Blagrave of Lafayette. The future secretary of WAA will be either Katherine Ade from Kentland or Mary Louise Laswell from Cross Plains. Marjorie Ward pf West Lafayette and lUary Pidgeon of Spicelai^d are in the running for treasurer of the organization. Interest is very high in the outcome of this election of next year’s officers. May the best girl win! i —— Interesting,, too, will be the announcement of the council members to be selected next week. Opportunity knocks but once. This may be your chance to.open the door to a position on the WAA council. Twenty places are vacant and must be filled. If you would like a chance to fill one of these vacancies, make out an application blank in the WAA office as soon as possible. Let’s go, co-eds—how about an office!
Christian Student Fellowship: Meeting in room 807 of Union Thursday, March 14, at 7 :30 p m —BRUBRINK.
ORIN ANQ BEAR IT
By Lfchty
Purdue Agriculturist: Important meeting of all departmental editors and the board of managers in room 118, Agricultural Hall, Friday, March 16 at 4 p. m. —BRUBRINK.
Purdue Agriculturist: All students who are applying for positions on the Agriculturist for the coming year must have their application blanks in the office by 4 p. m. Thursday, March 14. —BRUBRINK.
Sophomore Chemicals and Freshmen Engineers: All interested in taking the optional inspection trip to Chicago during spring vacation, sign up and obtain transportation tickets in room 101 of the Chemical and Metallurgical engineering building Thursday, March 14, or Monday or Tuesday, March 18, 19. —LOVELL.
4-H Club Party: All committee members meet in 4-H office on Friday, March 15, at 4 :15 p. m. —DE LA CROIX.
Aeromodelers: Meeting Friday, March 16, at 7:30 p. m. in club room of the Union. Discussion on indoor gliders in connection with contest March 17; also reports on future contest program, —BARKER.
'{if
y r Pa ■>
^ RAYON fe CREPE &HARMANT
$1.00 and $1.25 at a new low price 4 Gore Double Top front and back Shadow iPanel
Window Shades Waterproof and washable colors of ivory and tan. Each side includes nickel trim roller and pulls. 36x6 ft. 36x7 ft. 75c 79c
THIEME& WANGERIN CO. 622-626 Main St.
XI‘F
TH.Bwn.nrM.
<10'
“About that money I lent your folks—shall I deduct it as charity or a bad debt?”
Gimlet: Very important meeting at SPE housd Tuesday, March 19. Selection of pledges will be discussed. All members must be present. —FRAZEE.
PEW Classes: Classes scheduled to meet on Monday and Friday'of this week, March 11 and 16, at 9, 10, and 11 a. m., reflort to Room 201 of the Education building f&r a lecture on Thursday, March 14 at 8 p. m., or 4 p. m.; or on Friday, March 15, at 3 p. m. No regular classes. —HAZELTON.
Pu^ne Radio Guild: Meeting T|iursday, March 14, at 7 p. m. in rodnl' 808 of the Union. William Ray, manager of thfe'l^BC Press Division, Midwest Division, will speak on "Cofaimercial Radio.” Flails 'Will alslo be perfected for the Chicago trip |darch 23 arid 24. Important, so pldade be there on time. —MILLER.
Silver Mash: Meeting Thursday, March 14, at 7:30 p. m. in ^oom 328 of the Union. —NEPTUNE.
PEW 56C: Report to class Thursday, March 14, at 3 p. m. to Miss Smith as usual. —SMITH.
Prom Queen Committee: Meeting Thursday, March 14, at 4 p. m. in Room 305 of the Union to select prom queen. —ROYCE.
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting at 4 :30 p. m. on Friday, March 16, in room 304 of the Union. Short program is scheduled. —SHICKEL.
YWCA Cabinet: Meeting Thursday, March 14, at 4:15 p. m. in the YWCA office in Union. Please be there. —COOLEY.
Wesley Foundation: Sunrise service on Palm Sunday, March 17. Leave the Foundation House at 7 il5. Breakfast at 8 a. m. 10 cents. Please sign up or call 6261 for reservations. —McFADDEN.
Varsity and Frosh Pistol Teams: Because of Howitzer competition Friday evening, pistol practice will be moved up to Thursday, March 14, at 4 p. m. —HATTAN. Skull and Crescent: Bring tickets and money to room 232 in Union between 2 and 4 p. m. Thursday, March 14. —LARAMORE.
Lafayette Armory
ARC
TODAY Thra SATURDAY
— AND — CattieEBn vs. Railroad!. .CrasUng bDllets. .SmasWije acBonL
RADIO'S FAMOUS STARS!
MADS
— 2 DAYS ONLY-TODAY-FRIDAY
‘V
STARTS TODAY
— PLUS JIMMY DORSEY and his Orchestra
(At-March 14« 1940
£icpofuudL Spifd^L. fiaqsL
« #
Eiiril||<P0$fiSQn; Look To Nationals Tomorrow eve^ng at 7:30 Universlte sw/mmers will hold their last ahal meei of the current season against Wisconsin in the Fieldhouse. j^ourneying to Yale University for fhe Jjational Intercollegiate Swimming meet^o be held during spring vacation mil wind up the jRiVeters schedule. ^ Aiming for their first conference victory Of the season the mermen will us^ tie same lineup they have used all season. The leading events of the evening will be the medley and 440 yard f elays. Tingley, Branner, and Anderson who set a new record two weeks ago will be shooting for new” honors in this event. The quartet of Brafiner, Herr, Smith, and Kratzer, who also set a new mark in the 440 relay, will be out for new laurels in the event. Badgers Balanced The Badgers have a well balanced teami^ In Captain Ristow they have one of the best breaststrokers in the conference. The remainder of
fehring for Southern Jaunt Working hard to overcome what the loyal Hoosiers around here term as Weather, the Boilermaker diav ipond fo:i^ces have been turning the Fieldhouge into a seething fliury of baseball a^tiyity of late. Coach Dp^h Fehring is chasing his charges arom^d with utter abandon in an effort to bring the squad into top shape Tor the coming southern jaunt. " During the trip south, the Riveters will tangle with a pair of southern scWols in a trio of games eacli. The U. S. Navai Air Station at
the squad is composed of Rohle, breastroker, and (Jerlach, Ffank, Vopel, and Carnes, ail in the free style events. Thus far this season the Boilermakers have won three meets, one being fhe Indiana State ChampipnslpPCoach Papenguth predicts a good match. One of his proteges, Barbara Cook, a senior in the Science school, placed Second in the high and low diving events at the AAU meet held last week.
Oldest Member ... of the entire University staff. Professor James Troop, will be honored at a dinner to be given by the Entomology society, according to an annoimcement by John Favinger, president. “
Pensacola, Florida, will furnish the first bit of competition When they engage the wandering Gold and Black forces on Mar. 25, 26 and 27. After the three game series with the Naval contingent. Coach Fehring and, his lads "will journey to Auburn, Alabama, to face the Alabama Polys in another three day engagement. Open Here April 6 The Little Giants of Wabash will invade Ross-Ade Field on April 6 for the opening home game, while Iowa will start the conference fire, works when they play the part of Boilermaker guests on April 10 and 11. The Pittsburgh Pirates vdll stop long enough on their way home to engage the Riveters ^n an exlubition game on April 12, and try to play the game that was washed away last year. l^ndlay college will offer the next foatcl]i of competition when they wander into the Boilermaker lair on April Id, and stay long enough to encoimter the local djamondmen in a pair of tilts. This will end the Boilermaker’s first home stand.
Track Squad Enters Eighth Butler Relays Thirteen members of the 1940 Purdue track team will travel to l^ndianapolis Saturday to wind up the indoor portion of their schedule in the annual Butler relays. Holderman, Simmons, and Captain Alan Shackleton, will head the local contingent in their invasion. Holderman, who competed in the mile run and four-mile relay last year, will confine his efforts to a special mile-and-a-half event, while Shackleton and Simmons will team with Wente and Anthony in the mile relay. Other probable entries are: Edwards, Lovett, and Campbell Stroyck and Tycocki in the low hurdles, Rankin and Kersey in the high hurdles, and Weber in the shot put. First Staged In ’33 Coach Hermon Phillips is especially interested in his entries’ success, since it was under his guidance that the relays were first staged Mck in 1933, while he was directing the Bulldog trackmen. For the past six years, Michigan’s mighty Wolverines have topped the field and their supremacy will undoubtedly be proven again, in view of the records to date. Nevertheless, the meet, always one of the most colorful staged in the middle west, will attract plenty of fine talent and a great show is expected.
Varied Athletic Program Features Annual Carnival With action that dwarfed a three-ring circus, the annuad athletic carnival thoroughly entertained its spectators in the fieldhouse last night. The vast space which was formerly occupied with the basketball court and bleachers buzzed with action for over two hours, and spill after spill resulted in all sports from football to bicycle racing.
No.l HIT on the SPORTS PARADE Season*8 Outstanding Style for Women and Girls
• BROWN-WHITE • BLACK-WHITE • TWO-TONES
Frosh Chase Golf Balls The activity reached a peak when about two dozen freshmen tumbled over each other in the “Frosh Fracas.’’ The frosh lined up along the south wall, and when two baskets of golf balls were thrown from the north balcony the contestants raced after the white pellets, with the rhinie retrieving the most balls named the winner. Marvin Bauer succeeded in spearing 17 balls to take first place. In the boxing ring erected in the southwest corner, eight slugfests received a fuR shaie of attention. The only knockout was credited to A1 Rossi, a heavjrweight, who outpointed D. Dilts in one round. In another match Ted Axton managed to slug his way to a decision over Osborne with some terrific punching. The best fighter trophy was warded to Beers, .who fought and won in the 136 pound class. Holderman Runs Ed Holderman, varsity miler who ran a 4:14 mile in the conference meet last Saturday, gave a preview of some of his top-flight running, although not closely pressed by Jarvis, a sophomore. Holderman’s time was 4:27.6 minutes. Captain Red Shackleton, of the varsity track team, set a speedy pace in his favorite event, the quarter mile, and was timed at 60.8 seconds. Summary of the events is as follows: Boxing—125 lb. class, Pyles; 135 lbs.. Beers; 147 lb., Faber; 147 lb..
Johnson; 160 lb., A. Bats; 175 Ib., Axton and Elfin; heavyweight, AI Rossi. Wrestling—^121 lb., Boyd; 128, Culbertson; 136, Poster; 146, Farlow; 166, Buehler; 166, Closeman; 176, Hlinka. Horizontal Bar—1st, Poser; 2nd, Markham; 3rd, Anderson. Parallel Bar—1st, Middleton; 2nd, Poser; 3rd, Cortese. Tumbling—1st, Campbell; 2nd, Middleton; 3rd, DeGarmo. Ward Walking Race—1st, Rohn; 2nd, Gnerro. 'Time: 9:63. Waiter’s Race—1st, Conners; 2nd, Melzer. Prat Walking Race—^Ist, Seymour, Kappa Ddta Rho; Nothmann, Sigma Alpha Mu. Time: 0:25. Football Pass—^Ist, Wepte; tied for 2nd^ Bo:^o a^d Deutman. Fratep^ity :^lay—j|or 1st, Beta 'fheta H and Ipalta TaU Delta; 3rd, Kappa Si^a.' Varsity Bfile Bun—l^t. Holderman; 2nd, Jarvis; 3rd, Longest. Time: 4:27. Varsity 440-Yard Run—1st, Red Shackleton; 2nd, Simmons; 3rd, Anthony. Time: :50,8. Ward Relay—1st, Cary Hall 8; 2nd, Cary HaU 2. Time: 1:37.1. Golf Putting—1st, Reese, 23 out of 26. Golf Pitching—1st, Parsons; 2nd, Ballard; 3rd, Goldstein. Fencing—(foils), 1st, Burl; 2nd, Tower; 3rd, Wegener. Fencing—(spec), 1st, Pitcjher; 2nd, Meier; 3rd, Redhead. Fencing—(saber), 1st, Weldy; 2nd, Marden; 3rd, Wegener.
SPRING COAL SPECIALS
W. Va. Splint No. 5 Block
... $7.75
East Kentucky Red Ash "Black Star" Lump , Pioneer Egg Harlem Seam
$7.75 7.50
North Star Coal
Co.
\ Phone 240S
308 Brown
AHEAD OF THE CROWD £aJd. C^uxqq^ individuaUzed
SUITS and SPORT COATS Created especially to bring you the lal^est and best styles that Hollywood's most prominent; male stars are wearing. The' new Ear^ Cragg spring suits strike a brand new note for individ[ualized apparel. Choose yours from our big selection of punch-packed patterns. Suits $19.50 vp Spprt Coats $12.50
ROGER'S Lafayetteh Newesi Men^s Siam EAST SIDE OF SQUAREPUilDUE EXPONENt
Thursdcicyr Mcorcb 14« 1940
%
But
Purdue Exponent
By Vladimir In the first place, we would like to help Serge out by stating that the next to the. last pa,ragraph was left out completely when his column appeared in print yesterday morning. That sort of left his gag line, “The Ghouls,” sitting out in the cold. Lonely and unmothered. We have our opinion of people who leave out the key paragraphs of good columns. Especially Exponent workers. The Ghouls. The point he was trying to get across was that soiue faculty member claimed the sign was not to mark a parking place, but a resting place for poor old Bab, the Arizona kid. And, further, that the sign has disappeared, thus eliminating any need for flowers. Serge blamed it all on ghouls. We claim someone did it so that the column would be Wrong—^just in case anyone cared to check up. Just in case anyone read the column. 4* * Just to show that everyone is human, and that it is human to err, we’d like to call the administration’s attention to the lampost just north of the chem and met building, on the east side of the boulevard to Stadium street.
B. B. InaltT - W. B. Smith
Biuin«m U«ii«irar
D. G. Terrio, cditoilal director; O. W. FrederMk, •Kiiur editor; E. tIL Antonini, eenior adTertUnc Bumaaer; G. SchilUiur, co-ed editor; R. Jenkhu, eporta editor. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038;>
Sports 2792
Bntered aa aeaoad daaa matter at the seel eOlee In Lafayotte, Indiana, ander the act ed Oengiean ed Haiah I. 1879. and at Uta apeoial rate of poatave pterlded Car te aeetion 1108. aet ed Oetober 8. 1917, aBtherfaml imrnmrw 1988. PiiblUied daUy exeept Uondar dnrinir tiw ramdar aeademie year and weekly dnrina the SnmaMor Heaainn Delivered locally by carrier for $8.88 per year, bmB enh* aeripttoa $8.60. . I Represented for national advertiaine by National Advertimnsr Service, Inc., CoUeKe Pabliahera Bq>rcs«atatiTea, 428 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. All nnsiened editorials are written by the editorial di* ' rector. ^ ■ Night Editor, DeHoog Day Editor, Bnrtsfield Ass’t. Night Editor, Heston . Thursday, March 14, 1940
The main part of the glass bowl on it is mounted up* side down.
The other day we saw the schedule of publicity releases drawn up for the promotion of Varsity .Show propaganda. It was all pretty clear except the five features planned on the character of Victor Herbert, the man who wrote the show. A note in parenthesis explaining the features said simply, “by interview.” Don’t they mean “by seance”?
It must have been disheartening to the organized frosh when they got up this morning ... and just when they were beginning to think they weren’t so green. —B & B— The ATO’s and the Alpha Chis held their “Fraternity Week” last week. This week we begin to get the stories in back of their little doings that promote fraternalism. It seems that both the Alpha Chi and the ATO pledges got tired of entertaining their actives and decided to meet on Stuart field. The outcome of the whole thing was a party over at ATO pledge, Dick Shiveley’s house. It was a swell party . . . until Dick’s mother got home. —B & B— Remember way back when the Pi Phis passed a rule that all mem-
bers would have to refrain from going to the Blazer ... anyway, we still do, girls. Can’t help wondering just what Brownie did to overrule a, chapter ruling, —B & B— The Delta Gamma sorority takes pleasure in announcing the receipt of a Pi K A pin by Nairaa Smitt. The donor of the said piece of hardware is John Hawkins. The Pi K A’s are also proud to announce that they put out the pin. —B &B— It is ®ot our policy to hurt anyone’s feelings by neglecting them, so We will mention the fact that Mary (I’m from Iowa) Mangold has hooked the pin of George Peet, Sigma Chi . . . we will take all bets that Mary will not be the “Sweetheart of Sigma Chi” by June. —B&B— Time marches on, but love takes it’s toll. One of the latest casualties is none other than our former football star that resides in the Beta hotel, Don Powell . . . to Peg Sharkey we will add our congratulations ... we give this romance until June also ... say, we’d better quit making wagers or somebody might take us up.
For the benefit of the lad who questioned us about the Chi Omegas in Monday’s paper we have some information to add. From a reliable source comes the news that the Chi O’s dp not confine “pitching” to the “bum room.” The girls like the setup no end ... so we hear. —B & B— All of which brings us to wonder why sorority girls expect any fellow that puts out a pin in their, house to furnish the whole house with candy. Now we ask you, is it fair to expect a fellow that has just made a fool out of himself to go whole-hog and let you eat up next month’s allowances? Anyway, remember your complexions. -^B & B— Blue eyes gazed into mine-vexa-tion. Soft hands clasped in mine—palpitation. . Fair hair brushing mine—expectation. Red lips close to mine—temptation. Footsteps—^^Damnationi —B & B— UNPAID A.D: Doc (the sawbones) Miller wishes to announce that his bowling team. Miller’s Pill
We Think It Good Business To Give You More For Your Money It costs Crown more to clean clothes because they use the Monite Moth Proofing Process. But it has proved a good investment—^more people depend on Crown Cleaning since we instituted this additional clothes protection. — NO EXTRA CHARGE FOR THIS SERVICE — Laundry r'l W E C L E A N E R S O F F i N E C L O T H E S
BARE BOLD FACTS NEVER TOLD BEFORE! High Powered Roadsters - Gin Parties - Back Seat Petting This Spell Destruction for the Girls of this Age!
RECKLESS 20th CENTURY MODERNS Running the Gauntlet of Passion, Remorse and Despair!
Midnite Shows Only Tonite - Fri, - Sat. 11:30
ADULTS ONLY Tickets on sale 10:15 p. ALL SEATS 35c
WBAA Appoints Program Director Gilbert D. Williams, program director of WBAA, the radio station owned and operated by Purdue,, announced yesterday the appointment of Fred L. Conger as assistant program director here. Mr. Conger was formerly with station WSUI of the University of Iowa. He arrived in Lafayette last week, and has already taken up his duties at the station. Mr. Conger has done graduate work in radio broadcasting, and since last September served as assistant production director of WS UI under Professor Harshbarger, production director of that station. His unusual background -in radio includes special work in dramatic and musical programs, and daily program lay-outs.
Rollers, are meeting a women’s championship team from dowhstate. The match will take'place in the Union alleys Sunday afternoon. “Doc” will personally guarantee the affair to hold your interest , . ; his only regret is that his stenographer, Jane Hawkins, will be unable to keep score as her boy-friend doesn’t want her hanging around the Union where she might find other interests. —B & B— As soon a^ we receive this week’s DOUBLE MARS PASSES, we will send them to you, J. A., for your efforts to help us out. CONTRIBS are still being picked up at the West Desk. '
Session
Dear Bull Session Editor: The University has introduced some hew educational policies in several of its departments this year. These new policies threaten to eclipse the entire principle of our present educational system. It used to be that when you came to school, teachers tried to see how much they could teacli you, and when students failed to catch on they thought that perhaps it might be partly the teachers’ fault. Things are quite different under the new system. Not only do teachers think that if a student fails to get all he should out of a course that it is entirely his own fault, but the time worn idea of trjdng to teach him something h^s been replaced by a system which is designed not to test how much a student knows but how much he does not know. We hope the time never comes when people can say that we aren’t progressive. But be darned if we can see the reasoning behind the University’s new policy. It may be all right to find out what the students don’t know if you are going to do something about helping him learn it, j The new system includes a rigid policy of making the students do their own thinking. It’s all right to make them dig, but after all when a guy is stuck, he’s stuck. If we aren’t going to get any help from the teachers, why do we bother to come to school. We can sit at home and stare at the books.
.r
6.1. Metzger T8 Address ,» 13th Annual Agrkttitae Dinner In Union On April 1 < G. E, Metzger, Ag ’14, field secretary of the Illinois AgriculhflTaIA,ssociation, will address ihe thirteenth annual alumni-faculty-senioT agricultural "dinner' in the Union,
April 1, at 6:30 o’clock.
The 1040 class of nearly 176 seniors is one of the largest ever entertained by the/alumni and faculty. The splendid co-operation exemplified by the Agricultural alumni,/ faculty and students can hai^ly be equalled on this or any other campus. The annual dinner lis one of several features to promote this
fine feeling. '
Plans For Dinner
Plans for this ^year’s dlnnier are nearing completion. The cliposing of Mr. Metzger as principal speaker is in line with a policy of the organization to secure some prominent alumni for this purpose. Professor T. A. Coleman, Associate Director of Agricultural Extension at Purdue will serve as toastmaster. Professor William Aitkenhead will ^present the faculty and Professor V. C. Freeman, President of the Purdue Agricultural Alumni Association will represent the alumni on
the program.
Of course this attitude has always prevailed, but only in scattered individuals. When whole departments adopt this attitude I’ll be darned if I don’t think it’s kind of sad. P. S.—^My average is well above 3.6. —A. S. C.
tpnna
^/ / /
Obey that spring impulse and get yourself a stunning new hairdress. A lovely, soft/ natural curl Is the secret of a charming hairdress for any campus occassion. Our talented stylists will design a style suited to your individuality.
/ ' ■ BswuuJjj^ SahfL
Beat The Price Rise Check Your Memory Ham you bought your 1940 DEBRIS?
Price changes March ZOth from $4.50 to $5.00
mo
mo
QompbdsL C^x^npuA. ^vahaqjL