, \ * ' li' .
-A
Late News Bulletins • German Offensive Expected ty French Paris, Nov. 1.—Both French and German communiques reported increased fighting on the Rhineland frontier today. German troops were said to have made heavy attacks at isolated points. It is believed by informed sources here that this may be a'prelude to a major offensive by the German forces within a few days. • Will Not Harm City Of Flint—Britain London, Nov. 1.—According to usually reliable sources, the captured American freighter City of Flint will not be molested by the British navy while it is being taken through a British blockade to a German port ^manned by German seamen so as not to provide the Germans With an excuse to scuttle the vessel. It was recently released from the Russian port where it was taken following its capture by the Germans on the charge of carrying contraband goods.
Rayburn Aifempts To End Embargo Debate
Meredith Club Sponsors Benefit Bridge At 4 P. M. Today In Faculty Lounge Bridge fans will have a chance to entertain their favorite players today when the Virginia C. Meredith Club, Home Economics organization, sponsors their first benefit bridge from 4 to 5:30 in the faculty lounge of the Union. An admission fee of 10 cents per person will be charged. Both co-eds and and eds are invited to attend this initial affair. Individual tables may be made up by the groups or singles may enter. Singles will be paired by the committee in charge. A door prize will be awarded the winner. Proceeds from the benefit bridge will be used to provide a fellowship for study in home economics at the University. If interest is shown in this initial bridge benefit, the affairs will continue bi-monthly. ^ Men's Glee Club . . . under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, will entertain this evening in the school gymnasium at Forest. The program, sponsored by the senior class of the high school, will include the following soloists: Charlotte Friend Stewart, Marvin Smith, Robert Stanley, and Elmer Carlquist, with Richard P. Thortan, accompanist.
Purdue Exponent Z-1«S ‘ ^
Washington, Nov. 1.—Majority Leader Sam Rayburn (Dem., Texas) was unsuccessful in his attempt to obtain unanimous consent of House members to end debate on the arms embargo issue tomorrow. Rep. John M. Vorys (Rep., Ohio) proposed to continue the arms ban even if the present act is repealed. • Kurt Schuschnigg Expected To Die Paris, Nov. 1.—^Kurt Schuschnigg, former chancellor of Austria, is critically ill and is not expected to leave his prison room in Vienna’s Hotel Metropole alive, according to a report received here from Vienna by the
Paris Soir.
• British Freighter Reported Attacked In Security Zone Washington, Nov. 1.—German naval vessels were reported to have attacked a British freighter within the American “security zone.” United States coast guard ships rushed to answer an SOS signal from the British freighter Coulmore, 460 miles from Boston. • American Seamen On Flint Safe, Say Germans Berlin, Nov. 1.—^In answer to Secretary of State Cordell Hull’s request that American geamen aboard the captured freighter City of Flint hot be harmed, German sources stated here today that no action would be taken by Germany to endanger their lives.
SeniorSfChoose That Debris Proof Now! All senior picture proofs have not been selected by the respective subjects for publication in the 1940 Debris. Each senior must select the proof which'he likes best in order that he will not be disappointed in his printed likeness. A girl win be on duty in the Debris office on Thursday and Friday, November 2 and 3, from 8 a. m. to 6 p. m. and from 7 p. m. to 9 p. m. to take care of the selections. Seniors may also place orders for portraits for gift or personal use at any time during the hours allotted for proof selection. Auditor's Annual Report Contains Finandai Accounts Of Campus Organizations Financial accounts of 88 campus organizations of the University are contained in the annual report for the past fiscal year of W. A. Bodden, auditor of student organization accounts. The document includes financial reports of the various organizations for the past fiscal year which closed June 30, 1939, and gives an idea of the business training required of the officers in order to keep accurate and up-to-the-minute accounts, which is necessary in any kind of employment after graduation.
Volume 51# No. 46 Forensic Honorary To Sponsor Forum At 7:30 Tonight To Feature Talks On Seditious Activities Tau Kappa Alpha, forensic honorary, will sponsor the second in a series of campus forums this evening at 7:30 in the faculty lounge of the Union. Subject of discussion for the forum will be “What Shall We Do About Activities of Un-American Groups?” Speakers on the program will be Prof. J. W. Robinson of the history- department and Rev. Harry Parker of Delphi, former'state commander of the American Legion. ' 20-Minute Speeches Speeches will be 20 minutes long. Discussion.by the audience will follow the talks and continue as long as interesting points are brought up. Some of the subjects to be touched upon include alleged infringements on free speech, the work of the Dies committee, and the future of democracy. Last month Tau Kappa Alpha sponsored a forum on “Neutrality” which was attended by about 1,000 people. The forum this evening is open to all who are interested in the subject. No charge will be made for admittance.
Thursday, November 2# 1939
Military Ball
Exponent Staff There will be a meeting of all elected members of the Exponent staff Thursday,-. November 2, in the conference room of the Agricultural Experiment Station at 4 p. m.
... tickets will go on sale for seniors today in the Armory from 12:30 until 5 p. m. Passports must be shown. Unsold tickets will be available for juniors Friday. All persons who have preference for tickets must obtain them today as none will be saved. Seniors To Inspect Industry In Action On Trip Next Week To Visit Factories In Chicago, Detroit Senior engineers will make their annual inspection trips to Midwest industrial plants next week, according to a recent announcement by W. A. Knapp, assistant dean of engineering. Approximately 400 students will make the trip. ^ Mechanical engineers will make the trip in two groups. One group, studying automotive engineering, will go by train to Detroit accompanied by Prof. H. M. Jacklin, while the other group, accompanied by Prof. L. V. Ludy, will go to Gary, Milwaukee, and Chicago. Lovell Runs Chemicals Chemical engineers with Prof. C. L. Lovell will leave the morning of November 6 to visit plants at Gary, Hammond, Whiting, and Chicago. Civil engineers under Prof. C. A. Ellis will spend the last four days of next week at Gary, Hammond, and Chicago. Electrical engineers led by Prof. D. T. Canfield will spend the week in Gary, Milwaukee, and Chicago, while public service engineers with Professor Knapp will spend the week in Gary and Chicago.
Dinner^ Statue Unveiling Will Open Homecoming Unveiling of the newly-carved stone figures over the front entrance of the Union building immediately following the banquet which is open to alumni and students alike, to be held tomorrow evening in the Union ballroom, will mark the opening of the Homecoming program for this week-end. I I I With Myi’on Bone, Fort Wayne,
1 t
WSGA Opens Co-ed Sophomore Training School Yesterday
Co-eds Learn Practical Side Of Cooking By Serving Meals In Home Ec Cafeteria
By Mary Jane Bird
Co-eds on the campus majoring in dietetics, institution management, and home economics teaching are acquiring the practical side of their college educations in the University home economics cafeteria, where they apply classroom information by planning, cooking, and
serving meals. Special Dinner
Under the direction of Prof. Edith Gamble and her staff of juniors and seniors in the Home Economics school, lunch is served to 250 or 300 people every day except Saturday and Sunday. By serving special dinners at least twice a week to the Parent-Teacher Associations, AAUW, and short course meetings, the girls learn another phase of “mass production” in the home eco-
nomics field.
Rotation of specific duties such as
supervising electric warming tables, pantry, beverages, desserts, salads, vegetables, meats, and operation of the dishwashing machine provides a thorough apprenticeship for student institution work.
Tabulator
Instructions as to the appearance of the cafeteria and tea room worker and the performance of her duties are given to the institution management staff in order to create sufficient institution workers. An interesting device used in the cafeteria is the denominator, a small machine which is punched to record the number of servings obtained from a definite amount of food. After this practical training in the cafeteria, home economics students in foods and nutrition fields leave the University ready for work in schools, hospitals, and cafeterias.
Opening its annual training school for sophomore co-eds, WSGA held an explanatory meeting in room F of the Memorial Union building yesterday at 4 o’clock. Another group of invited sophomore co-eds, chosen on the basis of a high scholastic average, will attend a similar meeting to be held today at 4 o’clock in room F of the Union. “These meetings are for the purpose of interesting and educating the sophomore women in the workings of WSGA,” announced Ann Sickman, president of the organization, who opened the meeting. She also stated that any interested sophomore co-eds who have high enough scholastic indexes to participate in activities, are welcome to attend the training school meetings. Six More Six more meetings will be held on each Wednesday and Thursday in room C of the Union, to allow the girls to learn all about the workings of the organization. After a short explanatory survey of all WSGA activities by the president, the workings of the office committee were explained by Doris Gamble, chairman. Bonita House, head of the activities committee, summarized the work done in interviewing all women students done by her committee. Next week, vocational guidance and residence committee presented by Ruth Hall and Margaret Mitchell will be the topics of discussion. Irvan Maury To Play For Cary Club Dance Cary Club will hold its annual informal fall dance tomorrow evening in the lower lounge of the newlycompleted South Hall. Irvan Maury and his orchestra will play from 9 until 12. The dance will be an open affair for everyone on the campus. Committee in charge of the dance consists of Alan Botsford, Richard Zweig, George Kitner, Joseph Price, Cy Adler, and Frank Mitchel. It will be the first Cary Club social function of the season.
1915 graduate, as acting toastmaster, the banquet program will include short talks by President Edward C. Elliott, President of Trustees David Ross, Head Football Coach Mai Elward, and Irene Rich, movie star, and her daughter Francis Rich of Detroit, Mich., who designed the stone statues to be un-
veiled.
Game Is Highlight Main event of the week-end will be the Big Ten football game Saturday afternoon between the Boilermakers and the Iowa Hawkeyes in Ross-Ade Stadium, the game starting promptly at 2 o’clock. Following the game, there will be the usual class reunions on the football field. Eth Baugh, executive secretary of the Purdue Alumni Association, will be in charge. Among the many other events planned are a swimming meet between the freshman and varisity teams, archery, student and alumni pep session, mixed recreation in the women’s gymnasium, and a mixer in the Union ballroom featuring Will Osborne and his orchestra; all to take place on Friday afternoon and evening. On Saturday morning there will be a hockey game, a frosh football game, and class, sorority, and fraternity luncheons. In addition to the game on Saturday afternoon there will be a smoker and dance in the Union at 5 o’clock and the regular alumni dance starting at 9 o’clock in the evening. lU Chapter Of SDX Announces Contest Indiana University’s chapter of Sigma Delta Chi, professional journalistic fraternity, is offering a gold key as the reward to the newspaper man unearthing the best tall story concerning the profession. Closing date of the contest is January 15. Results will be announced at the chapter’s gridiron banquet next spring. Judges will be Irvin Cobb, Lowelf Thomas, and third yet to be chosen. Camera Club . . . will meet in the reception room of the Union at 7:30 tonight, with a discussion on the information concerning photographic Christmas cards that has been received from the Eastman Kodak Company. During the program, projected slides will be shown.
Travel Weary Team Relates Tales Of Week In West
By Phil Johnson Returning home ^to face* the stark realities of cold weather, slide rules and 8 o’clock classes after a near week long jaunt to the Pacific Coast, the football squad arrived in Lafayette Tuesday afternoon, completing the 4,800 miles none the wor^e for the trip excepting the loss to ijSanta Clara and about 40 pairs of “train legs.” Every member of the squad enjoyed the trip to the nth degree despite numerous minor conflicts suffered by some of the players. According to Lou Brock, stellar light half, who has reattained the peak in form from which he has been withheld by an injured ankle, “it was a swell trip all of the way around. We saw a great number of interesting spots. Seeing the Great Salt Lakes was one of the most interesting portions of the entire trip.” Rankin Likes Reno Right end Dave Rankin remarked, “It sure was a marvelous trip. Gave me a chance to catch up on my sleep. I enjoyed the stops in Reno, Nev., and Ogden, Utah, very
much. Studying? Well, I guess most of the fellows brought books along, but most of us were able fo avoid it.” Amiable Augie Morningstar insisted that he “spent a lot time on the books.” “I enjoyed seeing the western cowboys and the scenery a great deal, also,” he added. To Frank Winchell the trip was just “one continuous poker game.” “I never played cards so long in all of my life,” he said. “It got so I even dreamed about card playing and kept thinking about it while eating.” Frank also had a lot of trouble keeping track of his coat and . camera. In spite of all this, Frank admitted that it was a “great trip.” “Doc” Turns Playboy Dr. A. J. Miller was a very popular man on the trip. On the way out. Doc bought a black Mexican hat, with a many colored tassle attached to the brim. Prom that point on the Doctor was known as “El Garlico” (of “Chief Wahoo” fame). Doc (or El Garlico) couldn’t say enough about how he enjoyed the trip. “It was a most enjoyable
trip for all of us,” he said, “especially those of us who had neverbeen West before. Everything possible was done to make the trip more delightful.” Lon Mann, the Boilermakers’ perennial trainer, was not to be outdone by the Doctor. Lon adorned himself in colorful attire in Ogden with a big hat and a bright red shirt with patch pockets. The fellows also report that Lon “got around” m San Francisco. The 40 members of the squad, the coaching staff. Dr. Miller, Lon Mann, and the two senior managers left Lafayette a week ago Tuesday. On the way out short stops were made in Chicago, Reno, and Ogden. R^no The Stuff The train on which they made the trip made only a short stop in Reno, but it was long enough to convince the fellows “that it is true what they say about Reno.” During the 40-minute stop at Ogden, the team marched in a body to the nearest haberlashery where they purchased 10-gallon hats. Sev-
eral of the fellows are positive that I “they don’t hold a pint over nine gallons.” It was at Ogden that the fellows learned of the abundance of silver dollars in the West. Receiving them in change for the hats, a few fellows brought home as many as 10 of the “wagon wheels” as souvenirs. Friday morning, upon arriving at Oakland, the team fer-ried across the bay to San Francisco, where they were met by a procession of cars and driven to the city hall. There they were then given an official welcome by the mayor. Conference Supporters Friday afternoon a light workout was held. After the practice the team was again met by a procession of cars owned by members of the Big Ten Alumni Association, one member to each car. A police escort led them as they made a complete tour of the city. During this tour two of the cars met with a wreck, but no injuries were sustained by the players. Glen Gray, Eh! Friday night the team stayed in
the Palace Hotel in San Francisco. At dinner they had tables near the band, and held quite a conversation with Glen Gray, leader of the famous Casa Loma band which was playing at the hotel. No Cameras, Please Saturday, immediately following the game, the team was taken to Treasure Island where they had dinner and “took in the fair.” It seems that everyone on the squad attended . the well-known Nude Ranch of Sally Rand’s. One member of the troup was unfortunate enough to have his camera confiscated while taking a snapshot of the “scenery.” A lot of the fellows patronized the “GuessYourWeight” artist at the fair. About all of the squad were able to fool the artist and win a cane except John Galvin. On the trip home each member of the team autographed each other’s cowboy hats. By mistake (?) one of the team got a hold of Assistant Coach Sammy Voinoff’s light felt dress hat. All of the players had signed the hat and Sammy was
about ready to put his own signature on it before he discovered that it was his own dress hat. Poor Sam. it 3 ^o’clock, each afternoon on the way out, the coaches held a meeting to discuss the Santa Clara plays. Similar sessions were held on the way back with Iowa’s plays furnishing the study matter. The rest of the time was spent in reading, sleeping, studying (?), looking at the scenery, and playing cards. Black Jack was one of the favorite games with which the Boilermakers passed their time. Loss — Too Bad About two points the entire squad agreed unanimously, first, on the disappointment of not winning the game, and secondly, on the grand way in which they were treated by the Big Ten Association in San Francisco and all of the others who helped make the trip such a grand affair. Also the team agrees that Horace Greely had a lot on the ball when he said, “Go West, young man, go West.”THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursc^ay, November 2, 1939
JimsJjf. JoUl Where's Our Pep? “Is there something wrong with the student body this year?” A poignant remark, that, word for word as spoken yesterday by a member of the University athletic department. Why? Because the school hasn’t responded whole-heartedly toward the 1939 football team as it has in the past. Enthusiasm which sparkled at the first pep session has waned. Not a solitary student appeared to cheer the team as it arrived in Lafayette Tuesday at 12:20 p. m. The time of the train’s arrival was announced previously in the Exponent, and its arrival was not a minute late. It isn’t time that the student lack. It seems that they could devote a couple of hours a week during the football season to the support of the team. Yes, in this instance 12:20 was an awkward time, a time when nearly all students were at lunch. But not all students had 1 o’clock classes, and to spend one noon hour of the school year at something besides eating and consequently postponing meal time for half an hohr would not hurt anyone. bn the other hand, a half hour donated to the football team, to welcome the players back from the long trip to the Pacific Coast and a losing game against a strong Santa Clara eleven would have gone a long way toward making them feel happier upon their return to a campus which they felt had been disappointed. That half hour would have shown them that, while the students of the University were actually disappointed, it was not because they thought that the team had laid down on the job but because they are always disappointed when a Purdue team loses, especially one which they sincerely believe is one of the best in the middle w'est. Downed Saturday but by no means out, the Boilermakers still can win the 1939 Big Ten
Purdue Exponent' R. E. Insley Editor-in-Chi^ W. E. Smith Bnsiness Manager Phones: Editorial, 4005; Business, 5038; Sports, 2792 Published daily except Monday during the academic year. En-^ tered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the Act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in Section 1103, Act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. This nevrspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduates students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint
Night Editor—Hypo
Issue Editor—Gott
championship. A loss by Michigan and one by Ohio State would leave the toga open for the Riveters on the condition that they win the remaining four games on the next four Saturdays. With alumni returning for the Homecoming game against Iowa two days from now students past and present will have an opportunity to indicate their loyalty to the 1939 team. Tomorrow there will be a pep session, beginning after the alumni banquet and the dedication of the stone carvings in front of the Union building. You didn’t show up at the train station Tuesday, and aroused the query of the member of the athletic department quoted: “Is there something wrong with the student body this year ?” At the pep session tomorrow night you will have a chance to accept the question as a challenge, answering it by being there to cheer with your fellow students and with the alumni. Your enthusiasm is essential to continued success of the football team as it rounds the peak of the season and begins the second half of its schedule against the Hawkeyes Saturday. With all the talk about Homecoming, the Big Ten championship, the return of the Old Oaken Bucket from the world’s fair, and the new mascot which will be pulling the victory bell around town to ring out word of future conference gridiron victories, you should be absorbing the necessary spirit. Let the team know you have it. Come out and cheer! We’ll see you at the pep session!—R. J.
It’s not news to hear that a fellow puts out his fraternity pin, but when the fish in question turns out to be ROSS DREVER we- are stopped. Of course if Ross wants to hang his pin on CAROLINE SHAW that’s his business, but when BREUER calls up CAROLINE to call her down . . . that’s our business. It’s going to be a long cold winter. Bill . . . This dept, is giving even money the merger doesn’t last until Xmas. —B&B— Another item of interest to the parties involved was the SAE-Chi Omega merger last night. This time it was DAVE LIGHT and ELEANOR POOR who decided that two could have more fun on dad’s money than one ... you have our blessings.
STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE “Loving her is just like racing... one crash... and you’re through!"
children, and please remember us when you Call the Whole thing off as it helps us get enough copy. ' —B & B— JOAN COOPER, Kappa “Redtop,” has a novel method of eluding her boy-friends. She tried to get away from Sig Ep BOB ADAMS by diving under a booth . . . tsk, tsk, and she failed. The underside of the booth was already filled with frightened girls. Maybe women these days don’t go for cavemen. Bob. —B&B— Editor, B&B, Please investigate possible connection between “Gold Pepper” head-gear and tradition at Pottawatowie College in current musical hit, “Too Many Girls.” Note last few lines in first paragraph, column three, page 30, in October 28 issue of the “New Yorker.” —Breathless. —B & B— Dear Breathless, Time for detailed investigation is
Ma'iiI TONITE—FRI.—SAT. MIDNITE SHOWS ONLY—11:30 P. M.
limited, but if you can let us in on the story we will use it... our opinion was that the little “Pepper” girls wore those little thing-a-ma-bobs to save the cost of hair dress-
\ '%
mgs.
-B&B-
Theta pledge TAYLOR was in style as she went to the Barnyard Frolic last Friday night. She was seen ardently puffing away on her date’s corncob pipe. She probably did quite a bit of hey hey pitchin’, too.
tw0 Hiw mm...
Jackie Coogan, famous child star of silent pictures, and now featured in talking films, who will star in the Legitimate Theatre Corporation’s production, “What A Life,” New York’s biggest comedy hit, coming to the Mars Theatre, Saturday, November 18.
I#*
Where thrills race thrills at 150 miles an hourl
X.-
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
MCTUfcS — AN D — 'DOWN IN ARKANSAW" , —WITH — PINKEY TOMLIN WEAVER BROS. —ALSO ^
pEIIAHGEir iPmssmAllL
Humans I... Drawn into swirling eddies of sinL.like straws in a whirlpool I
—PLUS— A Laugh for Every Thrill! "TORCHY IN CHINATOWN" — WITH — GLENDA FARRELL BARTON MacLANE
HELD OVER ALL THIS WEEK JUDY, aro here in THE YEAR’S BIGGEST MUSICAL!
Daring! Different! Ripping the lid from the seething cauldrons of modern sin! ADULTS ONLY
LUMA TODAY - SATURDAY
2 FIRST RUN HITS!
cor
PLUS—^Znd Feature SONO SWSS^OIN’ SAOA OF WEST!' f
0 Thursday, November 1939
^xpofuinjL SpoilA. fiaqiL
Frosh And Varsity Take To Hardwood . Coach ^ Lambert ran the varsity basketballers through an early scrimmage against the freshmen last night and gave onlookers a rough idea as to the net prospects for the coming season. Many familiar faces are on the floor at the present time and the roster also includes some new ones; namely, the members of last year’s j freshman squad. ' Returning Men Expected to do much in the way of cutting the drhpes for the Boilermakers this season are such standouts from last year as Fred Beretta, this year’s captain; Dan Fisher and Bob Igney, brilliant forwards from last year; and Elwood Yeager, guard. Last but not littlest, big Jake Weber, the towering center who filled in for Gene Anderson many times last season. In the role of a darkhorse is Jim Bosse, one of the most brilliant ball handlers to step on a Purdue floor in recent years. Jim did not see much service as a regular last year, being ineligible for the greater part of the season. Again Illinois State Teachers last year Bosse played for
10 minutes and scored a total of 12 points in that time. Yes, Bosse is another Jewell Young. This Bosse lad not only plays a type of Young ball, but he also has the physical makeup and facial features of the great Purdue all-American of two seasons ago. Freshmen Will Test Varsiiy Swimmers Boilermaker swimmers will have their first chance of the season to compete under actual meet conditions tomorrow in Fieldhouse pool at 4 o’clock in a freshman-varsity meet. Two first string teams are to contend with two frosh teams in what should prove to be a very close contest. According to Head Coach Dick Papenguth, the frosh aquatic stars should take approximately 50 per cent of the first places. The varsity men are depending on -Siler and Graham in the distance events, Kratzer and Grainer in the dashes, and Briggs and Earner in diving. Jack Carney is being counted upon by the frosh for both dash and distance events. He will be aided by Horn in long runs and by Sneed in the dashes, while Ochsteen will do the diving.
Rifle Adivily Will Begin Soon On Fieldhouse Range All those interested in the Rifle ^lub should attend the organization meeting to be held November 9 at 7:30 p. m. in room 104 of the Fieldhouse. Activities in the Fieldhouse rifle range will start soon and the Rifle Club will carry on telegraphic meets with other organizations. Rifles may be checked out at the intramural check out service while range olficers are on duty. Two ROTC Batteries Meet Tonight In Softball Finals At 7 o’clock tonight in the Fieldhouse, Batteries E-1 and A-3 will compete in the finals of the military softball championship. Members of thp winning team will receive gold medals and a citation. The losing squads will be awarded silver medals and seven merits. Substitutes will receive six merits and a bronze medal. Thirty-two batteries entered the preliminary competition with all being eliminated but six squads that entered the final play-offs.
IT’S TEN TO ONE YOUR FAVORITE COLLAR IS
NO-STARCH NO-WILT
If you're a typical American male, your collar choice is probably Jasonized no-starch, no wilt. Nine out of ten men prefer this miracle collar when they shop for a collar which looks stiff but feels soft, and that stays that way, without starching, through innumerable wearings and washings. It is only right that this superior collar should be available only on the superior Jayson shirt. . . available with regular and varied collar models . . . tailored in Troy and offered here at the value-price of
JAYSON SHRUNK—Fabric Shrinkage less than 1%—Federal Specifications CCC-T-191A
'Battle Of The Air'On Tap For Homecoming A brilliant offensive battle, ■with aerial tactics predominating, is in prospect -here Saturday afternoon in the Ro^s-Ade Stadium as Purdue’s courageous eleven returns from its wearying Pacific Coast trip to tackle Iowa’s high scoring combination in the first of four successive Big Ten encounters for the Boilermakers. The Hawkeyes, who kept Purdue from sharing in the Big Ten title last season when they battled to a scoreless tie, seem bent on halting the Boilermakers’ current conference bid, which was launched with a spectacular 13 to 13 tie with Minnesota’s defending champions. Judging from the performances of the rival elevens to date, the brilliant passing of Nile Kinnick, the' Hawkeyes’all-around backfield star, is apt to be matched against the equally brilliant pass-catching of Dave Rankin, Purdue’s speedy junior left end, whose play so far this "Tseason has been little short of sensational. Kinnick's accurate pigskin hurling has been the big factor in Iowa’s victories over Wisconsin and Indi-
ana which have established the Hawkeyes as real factors in the Big Ten race, while Rankin’s aerobatic catches of well-placed tosses from Mike Byelene, Lou Brock, and John Galvin have been equally important factors in the Boilermaker battles with Minnesota, Michigan State, and Santa Clara. Kinnick tossed three touchdown passes against Wisconsin and hurled the ball all over the field in the wild 32-29 victory over Indiana. Rankin, on fhe other hand, scored on touchdown passes again Minnesota, Michigan State, and Santa Clara, and set the stage for another touchdown against the Spartans when he took a long heave on the six-yard line. It’s no wonder the fans are calling the impending Purdue-Iowa Homecoming game the “battle of the air.” . I-M Schedules TOUCHBALIr—TODAY Field Official 1— ^Alpha Sigma Phi vs. Pi Kappa Phi. Benna 2— Delta Tau Delta vs. Acacia. Luce 3— Theta Chi vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. Close 4— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Beta Theta Pi. Papurca 5— Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Alpha Chi Rho. Brinduse 6— Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Alpha Tau Omega. Chaffee 7— Triangle vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. Chapman 8— Delta Chi vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. Julllard 9— Delta Upsilon vs. Pi Kappa Phi. Adams
— ONE DAY onlysat., NOV. 18 Matinee and Evening PertormancesLegitimate Theatre Corporation of America, fOBTUNh GALLO and A M OBERFELDER present
Funniest Comedy in Town
Walter Winchell otN.Y. premiere
George Abbott'* Stage Succest
2 YEARS ON BROADWAY
STAGE PLAY NOT A PICTURE
MAIL ORDERS NOW—ADM.
JACKIE COOGAN
Starring
with an all star cast including FRANK McGLYNN t JOSEPH INI DUNN
CYRILtA DORNf
Mat. 55c-83c-$1.10-$I.65-$2.00 Eve. 83c-$1.10-$1.65-$2.00-$2.50
—TAX INCLUDED—
SEASON RESERVATIONS ON ALL FOUR PRODUCTIONS MAY STILL BE PURCHASED AT A GREAT SAVINGS!
You Can Join the World s Best-dressed Fraternity for ^2 For as little as $2 you can join the Loyal Order of the Wearers of Arrow Shirts. The ritual is simple ... go to your nearest Arrow dealer , . . whisper "Gordon Oxford" . ., and that inimitable Arrow shirt with the Dover roll-front button-down collar is yours. Hand over the and you're in. To clinch the deal you get two (patented) ball-headed (easy-to-find) pins in every shirt. The handshake and ear-thumbing are optional ... no extra charge. ARROfV SHIRTS COLLARS . . . TIES . . . HANDKERCHIEFS . . . UNDERWEAR
Complete Line of Arrow Shirts
GULLION’S In the Village
Frosh Netters Now Baffling For Piggy's Favorable Giance Frosh netters are scrimmaging these days, under the watcbful eye of Piggy Lambert, basketball mentor, and have already been trimmed down from the original hundred or so that turned out for first practice to 33. Piggy is dividing these frosh prospects up into squads and playing them against each other, giving him an opportunity to further study the boys. One of the more promising sophomores, Don Blanken, is giving cause for a little worry over a rather unruly appendix. An operation might put him out of action for the entire coming season. Coach Laml^rt is rather pleased over the varsity situation, what ^th 13 veterans of last year’s campaign on the roster, plus a flock of sophomore netters with a fine freshman record behind them. (^hDiOL By Robert J. Deckard With the first half of the current gridiron season over and upsets, torrid games, unheard of scores, and remarkable achievements made by both teams and players, FC today takes a gander into this portion of football history and presents to its readers some of the outstanding players in 1939’s Western Conference flag chase. —^fc— After a thorough perusal of the players and their respective performances FC saw rising before its eyes an All-Big Ten eleven of the first half of '39's season that would make any football fan have palpitation of the heart. There are innumerable men in the conference who would take a spot on this fictitious eleven and keep it functioning as smoothly as FC’s first team members, but this team number one captures FC’s fantasy because of the potential power, speed, and brains it has displayed in the first four or five games of the season. —^fc— With all due respect to the respective players and coaches in the conference, FC offers to its readers today an All-Big Ten eleven for the first half of the season, which follows: Dave Rankin, Purdue. LE Corn Aarts, Northwestern LT Frank Bykowski, Purdue LG Bob Bjorkland, Minnesota C Ben Stephenson, Ohio State JRG Win Pedersen, Minnesota RT A1 Frutig, Michigan RE Don Scott, Ohio State .QB Tom Harmon, Michigan. _.RH Niles Kinnick, Iowa XH Jim Langhurst, Ohio State FB —^fc— Other players who played pretty good ball are worthy of some commendation and they follow: Left End—Prasse, Iowa; Mariucci, Minnesota; Sarkkinen, Ohio State. Left Tackle—Potter, Purdue, and Bergstrom, Iowa. Left Guard—Logan, Indiana.' Center — Mornings tar, Purdue; Lenich, Illinois; Haman, Ohio State; Krodos, Murray, Wisconsin. Right Guard—^Verplank, Purdue;Method, Northwestern; Embick, Wisconsin. Right Tackle—L. Johnson, Purdue; Enich, Iowa. Right End—Mackiewicz, Purdue; Nicholson, Michigan. K Quarterback — Hennis, Pui'due; ' Evashevski, Michigan; Tipmore, Indiana. Right Half—Brock, Purdue; Galvin, Purdue; Franck, Minnesota; Hursh, Indiana; Byelene, Purdue. Left Half—Brown, Purdue; Van Every, Michigan; Hahnenstein, Northwestern. Pullback — DqWitte, Purdue; Christiansen, Minnesota; Westfall, Michigan, ——fc— Of course, dear readers, you must handle this bit of copy with cure. After all, what is opinion without* a little argument?f 4^' I"" ■
uH
60 View MEE Film On Scoff, Founder Sixty p,ersons attended the meeting of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers in room 264 of the EE building yesterday at 4 p. m. A film about and featuring Dr. Charles F. Scott, founder of student branches of the organization and national president from 1902-1904, were shown at the gathering. The occasion of the meeting and special program was the 75th anniversary of the founding of the institute. These films will be shown to 121 other branches of the institute this fall in celebration of the diamond
jubilee.
Mortar Board Will Sell Game Noveltiespn Campus Mortar Board, senior women’s honorary, will sell gold chrysanthemtims around the campus, at a booth in the Memorial Union lobby, in the village, at WRH, and at the stadium Saturday before the Iowa game. The price is 50 cents. Sorority and fraternity houses may phone orders to Betty Wickard or Georgann Shilling who are in charge. These orders will be delivered Saturday morning. Gold Peppers, senior co-ed athletic boosters, will canvass sorority and fraternity houses selling gold balloons for the football game. Religious Emphasis . . . Week speakers, Muriel Lester and Grace Overton, have three books in the Union browsing room ai’ranged in a special group for the occasion. Miss Lester’s book, “It Occurred to Me,” is an autobiography describing her work as the founder of an East London settlement house, Miss Overton’s books are “Love, Marriage, and Parenthood” and “The Home in a Changing Culture.” A fourth book, “Religious Living,” by Georgia Harkness, completes the
group.
Activities Committee: Meeting of the hand book committee Friday, November 8, in room A of the Union at 4 p. m. —WISE. Freshman Engineers: All students assigned to Engineering lectures report to Fowler Hall Saturday, November 4. C. M. Ripley of General Electric Co. will be the speaker. —-KlSrAPP Purdue Engineer: Freshman and sophomore business staffs report to the office at 4 :15 p. m. Friday, November 3. —OTT
Military Ball Committee: Meet in the Union at 7 :30 p. m. Thursday, November 2, in full uniform and white shirt. —BUTTERFIELD
PIA Men’s Chorus: No meeting Thursday, November 2, because of Debris pictures. NeJrt two meetings Will be iirfportant. Everyone will be expected to attend them. Refreshments will be served at one of these meetings. —ARCHIBALD
Scriveners: All members report to the office at 6 p. m. Thursday, November 2. Bring money and receipt books. —SPRINGGATE
Forensic Managers: All co-ed sophomore managers must be in the faculty lounge of the Union at 8 p. m. Thursday, November 2. —PEMORET
Activities Bureau Sophomores: There will be an important meeting of the program ^nd service staffs on Thursday, November 2, at 4 p. m. This is important so please be there. —GIPE
Activities Bureau Sophomores: Will the members of the editorial staff please report to. room B of the Union at 4 p. m. Thursday, November 2. Important meeting, so please be present. —STEWART
Senior Debris Pictures: All seniors who have not had senior pictures taken notify Bill Strong, editor, .in the Debris office before Tuesday, November 7. He will arrange for a time to go to Indianapolis. —WILLIAMSON
Mortar Board: Important meeting Thursday, November 2, at 8 p. m! in room R of the Union. —SAURER
“Winterset” Begins Work: Anyone wishing to work on crew for “Winterset” may sign up in Playshop’s office until Saturday, Novlmber 4. Work begins Monday. —BEISEE
All Students: Watch the Debris ad for schedule of organization pictures. (11-11) —WILLIAMSON
YOUR
Sigma Alpha Epsilon
... softball team, victors in 20 (ytft of their last 23 games, and semifinalists in this year’s race, has challenged and received acceptance for a three-game match with this year’s winners, the Kappa Sigs. The match will be played as soon as weather permits.
ALLIGATOR RAINCOAT
FROM
.NOTICES SSL. ^ No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
All Co-eds: Interested in joining YWCA publicity committee come to the women’s lounge for a short meeting Friday, November 3, at 4 p.m. —sWAney
Ag. Chem. Club: All student, faculty and graduate members,, please meet in Union lobby at 8 p. m. sharp Thursday, November 2, for discussion preparatory to having Debris pictures taken. —HARPER
WE CARRY ■ THEIR COMPLETE LINE OF GALE CLOTH GABARDINE AND ALLIGATOR FABRICS IN ALL COLORS AND MODELS
THE TESTED INK FOR EVERY PEN
Schedule of Debris Organisation Pictures Please be prompt. Assemble at the stairway to the Tower Room in the Union Building. THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 2
Scabbard and Blade P 0 M M Luncheon Committee Zouaves Sigma Delta Chi PIA Board
7:45 Cosmopolitan Club 7:50 Scull and Crescent 8:00 Catalyst 8:05 Agricultural Chemistry 8:15 Theta Alpha Phi 8:20 Playshop Board 8:30 Phi Lambda Upsilon
mo (OebJuA. Complete Campus Coverage
59
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, November 2, 1939
Purdue Aeromodlers: There will be an Important meeting in room C of the Union immediately after the Pep Se,sslon Friday, November 3. All members wishing to have their pictures in the 1940 Debris please be present. Moving pictures will be shown. BARKER
POMM: Debris picture wHl be taken on Thursday, November 2, at 7,:dB p. m. Be at Debris office on second, floor of the Union at 7 Sharp. All actives ahd pledges wear formal uniform. -r-HOTLER.
Riding Club: Meeting Thursday, November 2j at 7:30 p. m. in the Union. Plans will be discussed for the trip to the grand national horse show in Chicago. All members please attend. •—MEYER
pIA Membership Workers: All PIA membership books should be turned in to the office by Monday, November 6. —DUE Mortar Board: Please bring money for jackets and emblems to meeting at 8 p. m, Thursday, November 2, in women’s lounge of the Union. j —SAUER Sigma Delta Chi; Debris picture will not be taken Thursday night, November 2, as scheduled, but has been postponed until a later date. —^TERRIO.
Cosmopolitan Clubi All pledges and old members to be in Debris picture meet at 7:46 p. m. Thursday, November 2, In lower room of Union. Pledging and short pro--gram bn Friday, November 8, at 4:80 p. m. in room C. —SHICKEL.
WAA Hockey: The following games will be played this week: Thursday, November 2, sophomores vs. seniors. Friday, November 3, sophomores vs. freshmen. —McKNIGHT.
YWCA Cabinet; Meeting Thursday afternoon, November 2, at 4 o’clock in the office. All committee chairmen bring reports of financial needs of your, committees for the year. —COOLEY. Ag Education Society: Wiener roast at 4:80 p. m. Thursday in the Dean’s Cow Pasture. Games, including softball and horseshoes, will be played. All members invited. —WHITHAM.
WBAA: Important' meeting of announcing staff Thursday evening, November 2, at 7:15 in room 184 of the. EE building. —MILLER. Eta Kappa Nu: Smoker in Chestnut room of the Union 'Thursday, November 2. at 7 p. m. '—KEEN. Outing Cinb: Hike scheduled for Monday, October 80, haa been postponed till Sunday, November B. jPor reserh'vtlons and details call George Shawkins, 66714, or Marjorie Ward, 41111. —WARD. Exponent Sophomores: Will the following editorial sophomores who are now workiUB one night each week please phone me about working an additional night. Those working two nights will be assigned regular nights as issue editor; Bob Metzger, Don Wasson, Bob Moss, Bob Carpenter. -FRED.
WAA Archery; The archery tournament has started, but it is not too late 'to enter. Come Thursday, November 2, and Monday, November 6. —-MOREHOUSE. . '< *1-* ii4'
Camera Club; There will be a meeting of all members of the Camera Club Thursday, November 2, at 7:30 p. m. in the Reception room of the Union. —HEDDEN.
Purdue Christian Foundation: Skating party from 7:80 to 10:80 at Maple Point Friday night, November 3. Meet at 126 Chauncey at 7 ,p. m. Tickets at door, 26c. Everybody welcome. '—ROBBINS.
House Presidents: House presidents’ council will meet Thursday, November 2, at 7 p. m. in room A of the Union. -PLUMMER
ASCE: Meeting Thursday, November 2, at 7:80 p. m. in OE 210. M. R. Keefe, chief engineer of the Indiana State Highway Commission, will speak on engineering experiences in South America. —McCAMMON.
' Conditions in M.E. 31: An examination for the removal of conditions in M. E. 31 | will be held in room 801 of the Mechanical Engineering building commencing at 1 p. m. Saturday, December 9, 1989. Those wishing to take the examination' must make arrangements witii^ the undersigned before noon December 2, 1939. (11-2) —MESSERSMITH
Classified Ads FOR RENT CARS FOR -RENT—Call Euss at 71644 after six eveningrs. Minimunis rates as low as $2.60 for all night. FOR SALE TYPEWRITERS—All mato, and portable^ sold, pnrohased, rented and repaired. New portable ma^nea M low as I20.7S. Suppliee. O. F. Bbersboff, eOi Ifain Street. LOST AND FOUND LOST—Green steamer trunk. Supposedly delivered to wrong address by Yellow Cab. Call 66102, Patterson. Reward.
Debris Salesmen: Important business meeting Thursday, November 2, at 4 p. m. in the Debris office. Bring sales to turn in. —McCLEAN
inmd
Great big, gorgeous chrysanthemunns to make your “Home-coming" day complete with glorious beauty. White, yellow, copper, vari-colored. They're garden fresh today and every day during the season. Buy them for your own enjoyment or as a lovely gift to your friends. ROTH’S
635 Main
Phone 7955
Question: What Raincoat Gives You All These Style—QuaKty—^Value FEATURES?
full 85-iHcb sweep] 4; /or smartness! . ; ■ _
-.•VS
Casual type con> vertible collar!
Roomy pockets—u$ you Itht theml
' -4.
IP
Loose fitting with Shiny brass buttons Guaranteed waters .full drape! —fly front! proof—light weight! Answer: One • • • And Only One «s • It’s The
it
ii
University Coacher Raincoat BY ALLIGATOR
At Better Dealers We had your needs and ideas in mind when we designed the University Coacher. It’s not only guaranteed waterproof... but probably the handsomest thing you’ve eyer seen as well! Check and double check the features . . . then look at the price . .. really, nothing could be sweeter. Better get yours today. . .in deep sea green, yellow or black... ideal protection for fall days and nights. The "Coacher" by Alligator also available in Samthur "Spoclal Finish" . . . $14.75 Oaleclolh . . ... . . . . $18.50 Other Alligator Raincoats, $S-73 to $25
Th. Alligator Co., St. Louis, New York, Los Angeles ALLICATOR and bocciuso : : : IT'S SURE TO RAINI
/
JhL SMARTER SHIRTS ARE DATED LAUNDERED
Feel the tailored perfection of a ''Dated Laundered Shirt". No custom shirt maker could shape them better. Supreme laundering care results in our guarantee of a year's wear for shirts dated here when new and laundered exclusively by us. . . . And we are just as careful with all your laundry as we are with "Dated Laundered Shirts" —rain soft water, safe soaps, and repeated rinsings make everything wear longer and look better when sent to us. The Smarter''SUITS Are Monite Dry Cleaned They're the suits that are worn by THE SMARTER Men . . . the men who are going places! Send all your suits,here frequently and you'll be &ure to look "right" always. INSURED MOTH-PROOFING.
a
LAUNDRY
DRY CLEANING
PiAi
*GOPR. Maxwell-Davis, Inc.
'4
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
'• School Suppliet
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Phona 5701
"DiAC" Everything for a College Education
• Jewelers
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1191/2 Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optonrietrlst 504 Main St.
• Dine
• Florists
COME OVERl EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5e PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
Dorner's Flower Shop ' Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
»)i
'in